VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 102.
ARE ADVANCING
TOWARD HAVANA
Generals Maceo and Gomez
Again Marching Upon
the Capital.
TO MEET THE SPANISH.
A Serious Conflict Is Expected
That May Decide the In
surgents' Cause.
CALLING ON THE KESERVES.
Spain Preparing to Send Further
Troops to Cuba if They Are
Required.
MADRID, Spain. March 10— A dispatch
to the [mparcial from Havana ?ays that
the rebels under Gomez and Maceo are ad
vancing toward Havana. From the posi
tion of the Spanish troops a eerious con
flict is expected.
The Cabinet, in the face of General Wey
lers recent dispatch that no more troops
were needed in Cuba, have decided to call
to the colors 60,000 more reserve?, so that
they may be in readiness for dispatch to
the island if their services should be re-
quired. It is not believed that that num
ber of reinforcements will be required to
suppress the rebeJlion, but that the men
ar-to be held in readiness for any con
tingency that may ari.*e.
A pamphlet entitled "The United States
Ajraiim Spain," lias been published in
this city. It* author is believed to be
Senor Valors, some time Spanish Minister
at Washington. The work dilates upon
the injustice of the American Congress
toward Spain, and predicts that there will
be a revulsion of popular feeling in the
Vnited States when the truth becomes
Known. The writer says he expects a
iavorable outcome of the trouble. He
eulogizes the American women and de
clares that he admires the American men,
who. he add?, are amiable and hospitable,
unless they are blinded by self esteem.
The Government is making preparations
to enlist volunteers for home defense.
The Correspondence de Espania (semi
official) publishes a report that Spain,
through the media*ion of Great Britain,
has uryie/ taken to confer autonomy on
Cuba. Britain and the t'nitPd States
promising to assist in bringing the rebel
lion in t^e inland to a termination. The
report is not credited.
It has been decided that the family of
Hannis Taylor, the American Minister,
will not leave Madrid until May.
BATTLES WITH CUBAXS.
Spanish Commander* Make the Vsual
K'jtort* of Victor-ie*.
HANANA, Cuba, March 10.— General
Prats reports having had a battle with a
forre of rebels 4000 strong, commanded by
Quintin Banderas and Atigel Guerra, on
the Santa Rita estate, at Baro. in the prov
ince of Matanzas. The troons dislodged
the enemy, who were entrenched, and
later resisted successfully an attempt on
the part of the rebels to form in an arc
with the intention of surrounding General
Prats' cavalry. The arrival of re-enforce
rr.ents of infantry frustrated this, and with
the additional force the enemy was finally
dispersed.
The right lasted four hour*. The official
report of the eneagement says that the
enemy lost twenty killed and a large num
ber wounded.
The planters of the provinces of Havana
and Matanzas held a meeting in this city
to-day and signed a memorial to the cap
tain-general asking him to suspend the
collection of taxes and prohibit the insti
tution of judicial proceedings against
planters for debt, urging that their insol
vent condition is due to the impossibility
under the existing circumstances of grind
ing the sugar cane crop.
Colonel Vicuna reports an engagement
with insurgents at Pedros, province of
Matanzas, in which fourteen of the rebels
were killed.
The loss to the troops was only one
killed. General Barges reports that Gen
eral La Chambre has* returned from ex
tensive operations in the vicinity of Congo
and Ramon de las Yngas, province of
Santiago de Cuba. He had constant en
gagements with the forces of Maceo. He
burned an extensive rebel camp together
with a hospital. In one encounter the
rebels left twelve dead and in another
Beven dead, including Captain Zayas. The
troops had one guerilla killed and one offi
cer and three soldiers seriously wounded.
The police of this city have arrested
Jose Monto and seven others, who are said
to be here on a mission from the Cuban
junta in New York. The police secured
papers and bonds of recent date.
Generals Mella. Aizpursa and Morra
sailed for Spain to-day.
Rebels burned the town of Quivican,
province of Havana, and Union de los
Reyes, province of Matanzas, yesterday.
They have also burned tne town of Mar
tinas in the province of Pinar del Rio and
a railroad train near Cunanya, in the
province cf Matanzas.
1) EX O UXC ES COyOBKSS.
Bitter Address Signed by Prominent
Spaniard* in Cuba.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 10.— The sig
nificance of the address which was pre
sented to General Weyler by the citizens
01 Havana, protebtinc against the action
of Congress, and which has just been re
ceived here, appears to be greater than has
been appreciated, as the signatures give it
every appearance of representing citizens
of high standing in Cuba.
The names include aJI the representative
bodies of Havana, the politMgl and social
clubs, including the Union Ci Jb, the most
exclusive society rh:b (if Cuba; ail the
conductors of newspapers of that city, in
cluding La Discusion.Ki Paisand L<tTucha,
exclusive Cuban papers of the heme-ru c
party and of republican ideas of govern
ment, &uu also the uames of Messrs.
The San Francisco Call.
Galvez and Montorio, generally known
and revered by Cubans. The address is
as follows :
Your ExedlCHCf. The greatest indignation
has been felt by the inhabitants of the island
of Cul>a, without distinction of political par
ties and nationality, in hearing of the resolu
tion ->f the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States recognizing and giving,
without regard to the law of nations, followed
by ail the p.'ople of the world, the rights of
belligerency to undisciplined hordes composed
of adventurers of all the races of foreigners,
bandits and deluded or insane persons
that cannot represent without offending even
those Cubans who desire the independence from
Spain, the people of Cuba, wherein all that is
intelligent, civilized, laborious and rich, pro
test and condemn an insurrection powerful
only to hang peaceful citizens ana burn the
fields and destroy undefended villages.
The undersigned wish to have it now before
your Excellency, the worthy representa
tive of the Spanish fatherland, unjustly slan
dered at the same time that your Excellency,
by a congress that probably could not tind
better arguments to adopt resolutions in
which is dealt such a preat injustice to a
nation to whom this continent owes the bene
tits of culture and the island of Cuba the Mate
of progress and liberty and the riches that
leave her to be envied by the world.
We renew to your Excellency our loyalty
without conditions, in order to maintain up
right the Spanish flag, and we pledge, to sus
i tain and maintain it, our lives and our for
tunes.
VLEVrLAM* IS WOMtRlEii.
In Xo Hurry to i,u*h Into a (Tar
Itit.'i Spain.
NEW YORK, X. V., March 10.— A
Herald special from Washington says: It
is not a secret among persons close to the
President that he is considerably worried
over the Cuban question. Within the last
few days he has talked quite frequently to
members of Congress and others about
the matter and»has plainly intimated that
he regards the policy pursued by Congress
as injudicious and likely to lead to serious
consequences. While some of the friends
of Cuba have talked abont war with Spain
as lightly as if such a thing was nothing
more than a military picnic, the President
f?els too keenly that war with any power
would entail this Government in enormous
expense, the disarrangement of our com
merce would follow and our business
affairs for the time being would suffer,
and we would Jose valuable lives.
As for the probability of war between
this country and Spain growing out of
Cuban affairs, it is the belief in adminis
tration circles that if we reoocnize the bel
ligerency of the Cubans, certainly if we
recognize their independence, hostilities
between this country and Spain cannot be
avoided. To what extent that would in
volve other powers in the very grave ques
tion cannot be determined at this time,
but is a matter so serious as not to be
lightly tossed to one side.
It is not Known wnether Spain has any
alliance or can count upon the support of
any more of the powers, and the adminis
tration would like to know whether Spain
is isolated or whether she has resources
which we mignt nnd it troublesome to
matcn.
There is a belief, fonnded upon certain
information that has come to the admin
istration »hat both France and Germany,
acting without concert, are strongly op
posed to the Monroe doctrine. Both see
in the assumption of the doctrine a tend
ency on the part of South Americans to
establish closer trade relations with the
Tnitca States at the expense of other na-
tuns. .
1 \s is especially obnoxious to Germany,
which of late years has been seeking that
trade. Germany's interests in Cuba are
very larpre. and any change in the political
power would be apt to change the existing
trade relations. These are some of the
reasons why the Cuban situation is a great
deal more complicated and delicate than
the average member of Congress thinks,
and "why the President believes Congress
should act with all deliberation.
GEXERAL GARCIA IXMCTED.
With Other Patriots He Violated Xeutral-
it ii I i/ij-5.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10. -The
United State 6 Grand Jury for the Febru
ary term came into the Circuit Court to
day and reported over a dozen indict
ments.. These cases include the charges
against General Garcia and his Cuban
compatriots, who were accused of a viola
tion of the neutrality laws. United States
District Attorney MacFarlane positively
refused to give any information regarding
the indictments filed.
AN INSURANCE SWINDLER
Arrest of Graham McAdam for
Issuing Many Bogus
Charters.
It Is Said That Premiums on Spurious
Concerns Amounted «to Five
Millions.
NKW YORK, N. V., March 10,-Detec
tives of the District Attorney's office this
afternoon arrested Graham McAdam, who
was indicted several days ago for larceny
in connection with Lloyd's tire insurance
companies. McAdam is chareed with
issuing bogus charters for Lloyd's fire in
surance companies and selling them. In
dictments were also found against two
other men, but these have not been ar
rested.
It is said that the premiums of the
fraudulent companies in une year
amounted to $5,000,000 and there were 120
bogus companies organized. The attor
neys declare that McA'iam is interested in
fifteen or twenty of them. The specific
charges whicb,* have been incorporated in
tLe two indictments were both charges of
grand larceny In the second degree in sell
ing bogus Lloyd cnarters.
The methods adopted by the conspira
tors in issuing the bogus charters was to
antedate them so tuat it would appear
that they were issued prior to 1892. This
would relieve the bogus companies from
paying the deposit of $50,000 as required
into the State Department of Insurance
and of the necessity of having ifiSO.OOO of
subscribed capital. Late this afternoon
the prisoner was taken before Judge New
berger in the General Sessions chambers
and committed to the Tombs.
Cardinal Gibbon*' Journey.
BALTIMORE, Md., March 10.— Cardinal
Gibbons, accompanied by Rev. Father
Fletcher of tlio Cathedral, left on the lim
ited express over the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad for St. Louis this afternoon. His
Eminence will attend the obsequies of the
late Archbishop KenricK, whi ch will take
place Wednesday.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 11, 1896.
The Great Donkey Act in the Democratic Circus.
VENEZUELA IS
IN EXPECTANCY
Confidently Awaiting the
Action of the American
Commission.
WAR HAS BEEN AVERTED
The Government Avoids Making
Complications to Delay a
Settlement.
CONFIDENCE IN CLEVELAND.
It Is Thought That Important Facts in
the Dispute Will Soon Be
Presented.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— Pedro
Jose Regas of Caracas, Inspector of Cus
toms of Venezuela and nephew of the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, is at the Waldorf
in this city, attending to Government bus
iness. Speaking about the Venezuelan
difficulty last evening, he said :
"In my opinion the time has now come
for facts, not words. The English Govern
ment has made up its case, which has been
published. I am confident that the Ven
ezuelan Government will soon take action
and submit its full evidence. The condi
tion of Venezuela is now one of expect
ancy; we are awaiting the action of tlie
American commissioners. The Govern
ment has taken this attitude, and the
whole press refrains from making any
comments or publishing any matter that
might make complications, and thus delay
the settlement of the matter.
"I do not believe there will be any war.
I think the danger of war was over the
minute President Cleveland took an active
part in the matter and this country deter
mined that justice should be done to Ven
ezuela. The people are united in their ap
proval of Mr. Cleveland's course. The
Government, the press and the people all
share in this. I am glad that Mr. Cleve
land appointed such well-known gentle
men as members of the commission. Ven
ezuela has full confidence in the body, be
cause it is American and composed of
such venerable and representative men.
It is felt that Venezuela will receive jus
tice at their hands."
"Does this confidence in the commission
extend so far that the people of Venezuela
would submit toits decision if the decision
was in favor of England?"
"I cannot say as to that," was the reply.
"In fact, we do not have any fear that the
decision will not be in our favor."
''There is, however, a possibility of the
decision being against your country?"
"I cannot think so," said Mr. Regas
with emphasis. "I do not believe there i.»
any such possibility. We can prove, ab
solutely that our claims are just. There
is not the least room for doubt. The com
mission is composed of men of ability and
honor, and they will act according to the
facts."
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 10.-Th-
Venezuelan commission received its first
installment of the Venezuelan case this
morning from ex-Minister Scruggs, coun
sel for the South American republic, who
presented copies of a volume upon which
he has been engaged for the past six
months and which he informed the com
mission practically contained all the sub
stance of the Venezuelan contention,
though considerable supplementary evi
dence expected from Caracas will be sub
mitted as soon as it arrives.
Willie no iw^ifact.- .j»' j popular nature,
that have not been referred to or ab
stracted in published stat; merits of Vene
zuela's side, appear in the book, it is un
derstood that the complete presentation in
extenso of all the documents makes it
valuable for consideration by the commis
sion, as all the British letters which were
either overlooked or intentionally omitted
from the English blue book are included,
as weil as much other correspondence in
which England has no part, of which the
English Government was not informed.
Another advantage to tho commission
of the Venezuelan book over the British
blue book is that it is in strone contrast to
the latter, which devotes most of its time
to the period before the independence of
Venezuela and to early maps, which were
already in the commission's possession,
while its extended arguments in support
of the British claim merely repeat those
advanced in the diplomatic correspond
ence replying to the reiterated appeals of
Venezuela for arbitration.
GENERAL JOHN M. THAYER DYING.
Made a Brilliant War Record and Was After-
ward Governor of Wyoming, Utah
and Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 10.— General
John M. Thayer is dying at his home here,
and his end is expected at any moment.
He assumed active charge of the McKin
ley campaign a few weeks apo, and by
overwork was taken ill and cannot recover.
He is about 70 years of ape, and received
more honors than any other man in the
State. He came to Nebraska in 1^54 and
settled in Omaha. In 185*> lie organized a
body of men to fight the Indians near
Fontanelle. He organized the First Ne
braska Infantry in 1861 ana was its col
onel. His war record was brilliant, and
continued throughout the strife. He was
one of the first United States Senators
elected from Nebraska, was Governor of
Wyoming Territory one term. Governor of
Utah one term and Governor of Nebraska
two terms, from 1887 to 1891, and served
almost one year of Governor Boyd's term,
owing to the strife over Boyd's citizen
ship. He is an intense Republican and a
man very much beloved.
STRIKE OF MACHINISTS.
Morning Paper* of Chicago Refuted to
• . Recognize Their Union.
CHICAGO. 111., March 10.— All the ma
chinists employed by the morning papers
of Chicago to keep their type-setting ma
chines in order struck to-night. The
Tribune put on a non-union machinist,
and when this was made known the
organization which controls the machinists
ordered a strike. The men have not
heretofore been recognized as a union and
this they demanded to-day, but met with
poor Mucccss. Telegrams were sent to
New York asking for men, and they will
probably be here in a day or two.
Guilty of Kribery.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 10. -The jury
in the caf-e of ex-Senator Abbott, charged
with bribery, brought in a verdict of
guilty this morning. Abbott introduced
a bill to repeal the law requiring n drug
gist to stand examination in pharmacy,
and was convicted of soliciting a bribe
from druggists to withdraw the bill. The
crime is punishable with from one to tive
years' imprisonment.
Sentence of an Embezzler.
EAU CLAIRE, Wis., March 10.— Ex-
City Treasurer Charles H. Greene received
three years and nine months at hard labor
in State's prison from Judge Mish this
afternoon. The defendant pleaded guilty
to the embezzlement of $10,000 during his
term of office. This was but one charge,
others bringing the amount up to nearly
150,000 of a shortage.
NEW MINISTERS
NOW IN OFFICE
Composition of the Cabinet
Formed by Marquis di
Rudini.
LOYALTY TO HUMBERT.
Italy's King Certain That All
Difficulties Will Soon be
Overcome
AND HONOR REAPED FROM WAR
General Baratieri Explains the Cause
of the Disastrous Attack on
the Abyssiniaus.
ROME, Italy, March 10.— The composi
tion of the new Ministry is officially an
nounced as follows: Marquis di Rudini,
President of the Council and Minister of
the Interior; General Ricotti, Minister of
War; Admiral Brim, Minister of Marine;
Signor Sermeneta, Minister of Foreign
Affairs; Signor Branca, Minister of Fi
nance; Signor Colombo, Minister of the
Treasury; Signor Porazzi, Minister of
Public Works; Signor Guicclardini, Mm- !
isterof Agriculture; SignorCosti, Minister
of Justice; Signor Gianturco, Minister of
Public Instruction ; Signor Carmine, Min
ister of Posts and Telegraphs.
In receiving the allegiance of the new
Ministers King Humbert declared that he
was certain that all difficulties would be
overcome and that the Italians would ex
tract honor from the war with Abyssinia.
Parliament was summoned to meet on
March 16.
The Prime Minister, Marquis di Rudini,
has telegraphed to General Baldissera,
commander of the Italian army in Abys
sinia, giving him assurance that he wiil be
furnished with all the troops that may be
necessary to prosecute tne campaign in
Africa to a successful issue.
LONDON, Eng., March 10.— The Stardard
will to-morrow give a telegram from Rome
stating that the Government has received
a dispatch from General Baratieri, who
was superseded in the command of
the Italian army in Africa by General
Baldissera, explaining his motive for the
attack on the Abyssinians at Adowa. The
provision supply of his army, he says, was
becoming short and it is extremely diffi
cult to obtain supplies, the roadi being in
fested with Abyssinians. To retreat would
have exposed tbe Italians tc an attack.
it would have been difficult to withstand.
He held a conference with the officers
under him and they concurred in his
opinion that it wouid be safer to attack
the enemy than to retreat.
A dispatch from Rome to the Central
News says that the Abyssinians lost 4600
men in the battte of Adowa, where a crush
ing defeat was inflicted upon the Italians.
RECEIVED; B Y/.. THE EMPEROR.
Auatrin'a Foreign Minister in Contulta-
({on With William.
BERLIN", Germany, March 10.— At 6
o'clock this evening Emperor William and
tbe Empress received Count Goluchowski,
the Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
at the Schloss. A ball hoax was spent ia
conversation. Later a banquet was given
ar the Austrian embassy in his honor, at
which 200 covers were laid. Among tue
guests were the Emperor and Empress.
Mme. yon Szogyeny-Marich, wife -of the
Austrian Embassador, and her two daugh
ter?; Prince yon Hohenlohe, German Im
perial Chancellor, and Baron Ma'scball
yon Bieberstein, German Foreign Minister.
During the day Count Goluchowski, the
Chancellor and the Foreien Minister met
and held a prolonged conversation.
Twenty-four guests will be present at the
luncheon to be civen by the Emperor to
morrow at the Schloss in honor of Count
Goluchowski.
mots o.v st. kitts island.
Information Rrgardina Them Given in
the Cnmtnowt.
LONDON, BUG., March 10. — In the
House of Commons this evening Right
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, speaking with ref
ference to the riots on the island of St.
Kitts, stated that on February 19 the
Governor wired that serious riots had
broken out, and that a number of houses
had been burned. Two of the rioters, the
telegram added, had been shot. On Febru
ary 2r> the Governor sent another dispatch
that the island was quieter than
at the time of his previous dispatch, and
that there was no doubt the presence of
a British warship would prevent a recur
rence of the disorders.
CECIL JtHOItES AT LIBERTY.
Xo Authorities Have Tet Contemplated
Bin Arrrsr.
LONDON, Bug., March 10.— In the
House of Commons to-day the Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain. Secretary of State
for the Colonies, said in reply to a ques
tion on toe subject that th<»re was no truth
in the attempted arrest of Cecil Rhodes by
the authorities of Cape Colony, nor had he
any information that any other authori
ties contemplated such action.
The question was brought out by the re
port circulated yesterday that Mr. Rhodes
would be arrested on his arrival at Beirn (
East Africa, which report caused a decided
fall in the prices of South African mining
securities on the London Stock Exchange.
The Pacific Cnble Hehem".
OTTAWA, O.nt.. March 10.— The Govern
ment has been officially advised that the
colonial conference on the Pacific cable
scheme will meet at London about April
14. In official circles here it is expected
that Sir Mackenzie Bowell and Stanford
Fleming will be the Canadian delegates.
I t/a inst American Societiet.
VIENNA. Austria, March. 10. — New
regulations exercising a severe control of
assurance societies doing business in
Austria-Hungary have been published.
Included in the new regulations is a
measure against American tontine
societies.
WAS A LO/SISO OSITIOX.
An Attempt to Import Cutters to Jitplaee
. :.  : : '■:-■':'. Strikerai ■■?■': *X-\'';V y
• NEW YORK, N. V., March 10.— An of
ficer of the American Federation of Labor
reports v that ,SOO ■of ': the clothing ' cutters
who are affiliated v with the federation are
on strike in Chicago and that the clothing
manufacturers there have recently tried to
enguge cutters in tnis city to fill their
places. 1 , Sigmund Rosenburg of ldStaritori
street advertised for cutters and there was
a bie rush of applicants to the place on
Saturday morning. - Rosenburg engaged
100 of them, but ninety of tberawere
union men and he did not discover it un
til he had prepared to ship them west.
A special car was engaged on.tbe'West
Shore Railroad and it started for Chicago
on : Saturday." There were only a few of
the cutters on board, however, and some
of i these were union men. They fought
with the non-union men on the train and
there was a lively time all around.
At Rochester six more cutters were
taken on board, but the rioting got so bad
that the police had to be called on when
the train reached Buffalo. At : that point
several of the men were put off.
The officer of the federation said that
barely a dozen '■ cutters reached Chieego,
and that they, had a warm reception
from the strikers. He also said that Rosen
burg, got ; $500 from th 3 Chicago people to
engage the men, and, with the cost of a
special car and other nearly $2000
was expended in getting the handful of
cutters to that city.
FUXERAL OF M'FICKER.
Sir Benry Irving and Others Sent Floral
Offerings.
CHICAGO, 111., March 10.— The re
mains of James H. McVicker were in
terred to-day at Rose Hill Cemetery, after
impressive services at the Michigan-avenue
residence, which was filled to the door
with theatrical and other friends of £igh
and lew decree.
Sir Henry Irving sent a floral token of
remembrance, and flowers were every
where in the parlor, where rested the
casket. Delegations from the Loyal Le
gion and the Knights Templar were pres
ent, and the Masonic rites were performed
in addition to the service led by Rev. Dr.
H. W. Thomas.
GENERAL BOOTH IS FIRM
Determined to Govern the Salva-
tion Army Without Fear
or Favor.
Says That a Single Exception Would
Have Caused Him to Lose
Respect.
LONDON, Eng., March 10.— A reporter
of The United Press obtained an interview
this afternoon with General Booth, com
mander of the Salvation Army, who has
just arrived in London from India.
General Booth said that he was busily
considering the policy of the army in
America, but bad not as yet heen able to
formulate a statement on the subject.
The general handed the reporter an ad
vance copy of the War Cry , which con
tained the announcement that immedi
ately upon his arrival in London General
Booth had addressed a manifesto to the
officers and soldiers of the Salvation Army
in America, declaring that although his
heart was torn and he was sorely wounded
he was nevertheless determined to con
duct the government of the army irrespec
tive of person.
If be had been willing to make an excep
tion in favor of one person in order to re
tain the loyalty of that person he would
decisively have lost forever the confidence
and respect tit all honest-hearted men and
the approval of his own conscience.
The article asks the prayers of the army
for Eva Booth, the. new commander of the
army in America, and her comrades in the
United States.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JAMESON'S MEN
ARE ARRAIGNED
Beginning of the Trial of
the Bold Raiders of the
Transvaal.
LEGAL TALENT ARRAYED
Noted Men Who Appear for the
Prosecution and Defense of
the Accused.
SERGEANT HAY TESTIFIES.
Tells How the Troopers Were In
duced to Invade a Friendly
State.
LONDON, Exg., March la— Dr. Jame
son and tlie officers who accompanied him
in the Transvaal raid were again arraigned
in the Bow-street Police Court this morn
ing and the charges against them were re
newned. Major Coventry and Captain
Gertmg were added to the list of accused.
The courtroom was crowded with mem
bers of the aristocracy, among whom were
the Duke of Abercorn, the* Earl and
Countess of Coventry and Lady Anally.
A large number of members of the House
of Commons were also present. Sir Rich
ard Webster, Attorney-General, and R. B.
Finlay. Solicitor-General, conducted the
prosecution, and Sir Edward Clarke, E. K.
Carson, M. P., and Sir Frank Lockwood
appeared for tbe defense. Magistrate Sir
John Bridge presided.
Sir Richard Webster, opening the case
for the prosecution, said that Jameson's
expedition into the Transvaal had long
been planned, but the rank and file of his
party were led to believe that they were to
proceed against a native chief. On De
cember 31, however, Major Coventry in
forruea the men that they were not going
to fight the chief, but were going straight
to Johannesburg.
Dr. Jameson at Mafekine:, on December
30, said to his followers that they were
going to the assistance of the English
women and children in Johannesburg,
whose lives and property were in danger.
Sir Richard then described Jameson's cut
ting of the telegraph wires behind his ex
pedition and also described the telegrams
I recalling Jameson and warning him of the
penalties of his acts.
Sergeant Hay, one of Jameson's troop
ers, was then conducted to the witness-box
and gave detailed testimony confirming
the Attorney-General's allegations. Ser
geant M. Hay testified that several of his
comrades in the Bechuanaland police at
first refused to join the expedition, not
knowing its object or destination, and
asked their superiors whether the move
ment was in obedience to the orders of the
Queen or the British South African Com
pany.
To these questions he said Colonel Grey
replied in a speech to the men before the
expedition left Mafeking: "I cannot say
that we are going by the orders of her
Majesty the Queen, but I will say that we
are going to fight for the supremacy of the
British flag in South Africa."
Hearing this declaration, Sergeant Hay
said, most of the men decided to go, and
did go, but ten of them refused and re
mained behind.
The hearing at this point was adjourned
for a week.
Dr. Jameson and his companions were
attired in stylish garments and appeared
to be perfectly at ease.
The hearing was perfectly orderly and
characterized by no noisy demonstrations
which marked the first appearance of the
raiders in the Bow-street court. The
courtroom was crowded, mostly with dis
tinguished persons who were in full sym-
Dathy with Jameson and his companions,
but tiiere was no cheering either on the
entrance or exit of thp defendants.
March
April, May are most emphatically the
months for taking a good blood purifier,
because the system is now most in need of
such a medicine, and because it more
quickly responds to medicinal qualities.
In winter impurities do not pass out of the
body freely, but accumulate in the blood.
April
The best medicine to pnrify, enrich and
vitalize the blood, and thus give strength
and build up the system, is Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. Thousands take it as their Spring
Medicine, and more are taking it to-day
than ever before. If you are tired, "oui ol
May
sorts," nervous, have bad taste in the
morning, aching or dizzy head, sour
Vomach and feel all run down, a conrse of
H\od's Sarsaparilla will put your whole
bot\y in good order and make ycu strong
and vigorous. It is the ideal Spring
Medicine and true nerve tonic, because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Ii the One True Blood Purifier, ill druggisti.fi.
Prepared only by c. I. Hood <fc Co., Lowell, Mass.
Ut^^A'ts Dillc are purely vegetable, care.
tIOOU S KIUS f u iiy prepared. 25 centi.2
LODGE PROTESTS
AGAINST DE LOME
Spain's Minister Said to
Have Talked Rather
Freely.
SHOULD BE SENT HOME
Precedents to Show That Other
Diplomats Were Called Down
for Less Cause.
DEFENDED BY SENATOR GRAY
Hoar Has a Lively Tilt With
Sherman Over His Cuban
Resolution.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
action of the Spanish Minister in correct
ing or qualifying through the public press
statements made in the Senate on the sub
ject of the war in Cuba, and particularly
on the subject of General Weyler's pur
pose and character, was to-day made the
groundwork of a question of personal priv
ilege by Senator Lodge of Massachusetts.
It was brought up immediately after the
reading of the journal, and occupied most
of the time which is usually given to the
business of the morning hour.
Lodge protested against any diplomatic
representative using the newspapers of
the United States to criticize Senators for
words spoken in debate, and intimated
that in any other country a foreign Minis
ter who should be guilty of such a viola
tion of propriety would be sent home.
Minister de Lome's action was rather
palliated by Gray of Delaware, although
he admitted it was a technical violation
of diplomatic usage.
Teller of Colorado was less benignantly
inclined. He avowed the delight he would
feel if he learned to-day that Havana were
in the hands of the insurgents and that
the Spanish forces had been driven into
the sea.
The discussion was continued for over
an hour and a half, and when it terminated
another phase of the Cuban question pre
sented itself in the shape of a resolution
which had been offered yesterday by Hoar
of Massachusetts to postpone the further
consideration of the conference report till
the (3th of April, and to direct the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations to report in
the meantime the facts on which the reso
lution was justified. A rather acrimoni
ous dialogue took place between Hoar and
Sherman, which seemed to amuse Sena
tors and audience.
Morgan of Alabama was drawn into it
by an allusion to his remarks some weeks
ago about laying the sword on the table
and allowing Spain to take it up if she
chose.
Hoar's resolution went over until to
morrow, when he is to speak upon it at
some length.
The rest of the day's session was given
to the Delaware election case, Turpie of
Indiana continuing but not finishing his
speech against Dupont's right to the seat.
As soon as the journal of yesterday was
read Lodge (K.) of Massachusetts rose to
a question of personal ji^viiege in rela
tion to tne statement of the Spanish Min
ister throush the newspaper press. That
statement accused him (Lodge) of having
read to the Senate a report wnicn had
been imposed upon him and which he
said was a malicious and fraudulent mis
representation. He held in his hand a
copy of El Liberal of Madrid, in which
the interview with General Weyler was
published, and he would have the article
printed in the Record in Spanish, so that
it might be seen that the translation
which he had made of it was correct. He
(Lodge) could understand the sensitive
ness of the Spanish people — a people who
had in 300 years dissipated a great empire.
But he did not think there was any excuse
for the diplomatic representative of Spain
taking the course wnich he had taken. It
was a very well established custom and
fact that debate in the Senate and House
were domestic matters with which no for
eign nation had any concern.
The t>roper channel for a diplomatic
representative to make representations on
any subject was through tue State Depart
ment, not through the newspapers. If an
American diplomatist were to criticize in
a European country the debates of the
representative body of that country in the
newspapers he would be sent home. He
protested against having a diplomatic rep
resentative using as a channel for com
munication the newspapers of the United
States to criticize language used in debate
in the Senate of the United States. He
protested against any criticism on the part
of a foreign Minister. He knew very well
what any other country in the world
would do under similar circumstances.
Gray (D.) of Delaware regretted that the
Senate did not pursue the even tenor of its
ways, undisturbed by emeutes in Madrid
or in other Spanish cities. Why, he asked,
6hould the Senate lay aside its business to
discuss the interpretation or translation of
a newspaper article in Spanish between the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Min
ister from Spain?
Teller (R.) of Colorado said that twice in
the history of the United States Ministers
of great countries had been sent home
once to France and once to Great Britain —
for a much less offense than the Spanish
Minister had been guilty of. He would
not say that if he were President he would
send the Spanioh Minister home. Under
the circumstances, and considering the
friction which had arisen in Spain, he
should have not sent liira home; but he
ehould have suggested very kindly to him
through the Secretary of State that a repe
NEW 10-DAT.
jdpollinaris
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Received the HIGHEST AWARD
at the WORLD'S FAIR, and at the
ANTWERP EXHIBITION.
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco,
REPRESENTING
Charles Graef & Co., N. V., for Mineral Waters
tition of it would necessitate his leaving
the country.
Teller complained that not only had the
statement of the Spanish Minister been
read in the Senate yesterday but also a
statement from the Prime Minister of
Spain, which was in utter defiance of every
rule which had hitherto governed the
body. Teller went on to say that he was
an ardent sympathizer with the Cubans in
their fight. He should be delighted to
hear to-day that Havana was in the hands
of the insurgents; he should be delighted
to Know that the Cubans had run the
Spanish forces into the sea. But he had
not the slightest feeling against the Span
ish Government. He had not the slightest
feeling of impatience because of the ac
tions of irresponsible Spanish students.
But if he were President and if the Spanish
Minister repeated his offense he would
give him his waiting-papers and send him
home.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire said
the matter complained of by Lodge was
entirely unbecoming in a Minister from
Spain to the United States. The commu
nication ought not to have been written.
He aaked Gray whether, if Minister Bay
ard had addressed a communication to the
London Times criticizing the remarks of
Lord Salisbury, Mr. Chamberlain or others
in the British Parliament, he would not
think that a very improper proceeding?
Gray explained his view to be that the
Spa Dish Minister had been guilty of a tech
nical violation of diplomatic usages, but
that great allowance should be made for
him. He (Gray) felt that magnanimity
and forbearance on the part of the Ameri
can citizens and the people of the Ameri
can Government toward Spain would be
becoming and would strengthen the atti
tude of those who really felt that Cuba
ought to be free and hoped that she would
be free.
After some further remarks on the ques
tion by Frye, Hale, Gray and Teller,
Lodge stated by what motive he was
influenced in bringing the matter to
the attention of the Senate, and re
ferred to the dismissal of Genet, the
French Minister, by President Wash
ington, who, he said, was not a jingo, and
would not be taken to task to-day for his
intemperate action. He also referred to
the dismissal of the British Minister, Sack
vine- West, during President Cleveland's
first administration, fo^r writing a private
letter which had got into the newspapers.
At the close of Lodge's remarks, the dis
cussion was closed; but a new branch of
the Cuban question was brought up by the
Vice-president laying before the Senate
the resolution offered yesterday by Hoar
(R.) of Massachusetts, postponing the con
ference report on the Cuban resolutions
until April 6, and directing the Committee
on Foreign Relations to report to the Sen
ate before that time, the facts, which, in
its opinion, justify the passage of the reso
lutions as evidence thereof.
As Mitchell (R.) of Oregon manifested
some anxiety to proceed with the consid
eration of the Dupont election case, Hoar
expressed his willingness ;o let the resolu
tion go over until to-moiTDw; but objec
tion to that was made by Sherman, who
wished the resolution disposed of at once,
and who remarked that it had only been
offered with the object of getting up moot
debate.
This opposition nettled Hoar, who,
standing close to Sherman, the aisle only
separating the two Senators, addressed
some rather sarcastic remarks to the Ohio
Senator. That Senator, Hoar said, wa3 a
man of marvelous penetration and of
great scientific attainments; but he
doubted whether he had yet sufficiently
mastered the new discovery of the X rays
as to penetrate into his (Hoar's) brain and
to find out his motive in offering the reso
lution.
"I think I can," Sherman said, with an
air of confiderce in his own opinion,
which caused some laughter.
Hoar declared that he had no such mo
tive. The whole subject of the concur
rent resolutions was nothing but a matter
for a moot debate. The Senate and House
were asked to declare something which
would have no effect after it was declared.
The American people were not bound,
Congress was not bound, the President
was not bound, no individual American
was bound by the concurrent resolutions
now before the Senate. The smallest
private claim for $100 when a bill was re
ported by a committee for it had the facts
and evidence presented to the Senate in an
accompanying report.
"I have listened to the Senator from
Massachusetts," Sherman broke in, appa
rently unable to restrain his impatience.
"Let me make my point," Hoar re
monstrated. *"Wnen I begin to state my
point the Senator from Ohio gets up and
demands that he shall be allowed to make
a statement."
The two aged Senators glowered angrily
at each other as they stood on each side of
the intervening aisle and a ripple of laugh
ter went through the chamber and the
crowded galleries at the spectacle of their
hostile attitude. Sherman took his seat
with an air of injured resignation, remark
ing as he did so that he would let the Sen
ator from Massachusetts go on as he was
going.
Hoar went on. He had not, he said, in
itiated the debate. He had asked tnat his
resolution should go over until to-morrow
and the Senator from Ohio had objected.
He repeated the remark about all small
private bill being accompanied by reports;
but here, in this grave foreign complication,
there was no report made, although the
former chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations (Morgan) had said that
he brought to the Senate a sword which
Spain was at liberty to take up if she
chose ana with the full understanding
that the resolution would not unlikely
lead to war.
This allusion brought Morgan to his
feet. He denied having made tne state
ment which Hoar attributed to him. He
had said to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations when the subject first came up and
when the committee had before U the issu
ance of petitions for the recognition of
Cuban belligerency or independence, that
the committee would have to do one of
two things — either report back the resolu
tion adversely and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, or turn its
face in the other direction ; but that what
ever it did, he was confident that the folly
and overstrained pride of Spain would
force her into improper and wrong pro
ceedings toward the people of the United
States and would lead her to engage in
war; and that in such a case he drew his
sword and laid it on the table, and Spain
might take it up if she chose.
Hoar said, with a shrug of indifference,
that he accepted Morgan's statement, but
was unable to see any great distinction be
tween it and his own statement.
After some further colloquy, Hoar's reso
lution was allowed to go over till to-mor
row instead of being sent to the calendar
in accordance with the rule — Hoar stating
that he would address the Senate, and,
aiming a parting shaft at Sherman, saying
that that Senator had imputed to him a
very improper motive, "and in a very im
proper way."
The Senate then proceeded to the con
sideration of the question whether Dupdnt
has or has not been duly elected a Senator
of the United States from the State of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
Delaware— Turpie (D.)of Indiana continu
ing his argument of yesterday against
Dupont'e right to the seat.
Without a conclusion of the question,
the Senate at 4:40 adjourned until to-mor
row.
SECRETARY OLMZX RETURXS.
2here Was Mystery Connected With Bis
limit to Jiqaton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—
Secretary Olney returned to Washington
this morning from Boston, where he
spent Sunday and part of yesterday. Con
siderable mystery surrounded this trip of
the Secretary's and gave rise to rumors
that Mr. Olney left Washington on account
of a disagreement with President Cleve
land over the latter's repudiation of the
alleged statement of the administration
views with regard to Cuban recognition
attributed to the Secretary of State. Mr.
Olney's visit to Boston was of a personal
nature.. The State Department officials
told inquirers that he was "at home." This
was assumed to be his residence on Massa-
chusetts avenue, in this city, whereas, in
fact, he was in the State of Massachusetts
proper.
Of Interest to th* Coast.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 10.—Rep
resentative Grove L. Johnson to-day made
an argument before the House Public
Buildings and Grounds Committee, advo
cating a new Postoffice building at Stock
ton.
Mrs. Maggie Hill was to-day appointed
postmisstress at Rosena, San Bernardino
County, Cal., vice Catherine Showalter,
resigned.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Quatal, Santa Barbara County, and Miss
May Dunn was appointed postmistress.
NIL APPROPRIATIONS.
Some of the Provisions in the
Bill That Will Be Reported
to the House.
It Is Certain That New Battle-Ships
and Torpedo-Boats Are to Be
Authorized.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
House Committee on Naval Affairs still has
under consideration the naval appropria
tion bill. While the measure has not been
completed enough of its provisions are
known to give an abstract of it approxi
mating the shape in which it will be pre
sented to the House.
The important question of increasing
the navy has not yet been agreed upon,
but it is quite certain that a number of
battle-ships and torpedo-boats will be
authorized. Members of the committee
differ as to what this increase shall be.
Some favor six battle-ships and fifteen
torpedo-boats, while others want four
battle-ships and from twenty to thirty
torpedo-boats.
The bill will carry an appropriation out
side of any authorized increase in the navy
of about $23,500,000. As the bill now stands
its principal provisions are as follows:
For prizes for excellence in gunnery ex
ercises, $6000; for ocean and lake surveys,
$14,000; bounties of naval apprentices,
$33,750; expenses of recruiting, $45,000;
ordnance and ordnance stores, $180,000; re
serve supply guns fdr ships of the navy,
$25,000; reserve supply of projectiles for
ships of the navy, $200,000; reserve guns
for auxiliary cruisers, $250,000; for im
proving the gun plant of the Washington
Navy-yard, $50,000; for new brick maga
zine at Fort Milflin, Pa., $50,000; for water
supply naval magazine, Dover, N. J., .$15,
--000; arming and equipping naval militia,
$50,000; contingent expenses Bureau of Ord
nance,s29,324; equipment of vessels, $1,132,
--147; contingent expenses Bureau of Equip
ment, $12,000; maintenance of yards and
docks, $265,000 ; repair and preservation of
yards and stations, $400,000; naval home
at Philadelphia, $59,700; maintenance of
naval hospitals, $20,000; provisions and
commuted rations for seamen and ma
rines, $1,205,000; preservation and com
pletion of vessels on stocks and in ordinary
condition, $1,492,000; additional supply
of torpedoes, $142,000; completion, re
pair and preservation of machinery
of vessels, $425,000; for replacing
machinery and repair of engines
of the cruiser Chicago, $150,000; re
placing boilers of the cruiser Atlanta
and repair of her machinery, $100,000; re
placing boilers of the Dolphin, $60,000; re
placing machinery of the Hartford, $75,000;
repairs and improvements at the Naval
Academy, $5(J,000; repair and improve
ment of marine barracks at the various
posts, $10,000, and for the erection of oth
cers 1 quarters at Sitka, Alaska, $2500. On
account of hulls and outfits of vessels here
tofore authorized and steam machinery for
them $5,395,679 is allowed.
Toward the armament of these vessels
$3,890,204 is allowed and toward complet
ing their equipment an appropriation of
$237,000 is made.
The bill contemplates placing the old
frigate Hartford in condition for active
service and under the appropriation for
preservation and completion a provision
is added that nothing in that section shall
b» construed to deprive the Secretary of
the Navy of authority to make the neces
sary repairs on this vessel. The repairs
outside of machinery, for which $75,000
is allowed, are estimated at about $100,000.
TO AVJMIT XJSW MEXICO.
A. Favorable Jteport on the Hill Ordered
by the Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
sub-committee of the Committee on Terri
tories this morning by a vote ordered a
favorable report on the bill to admit New
Mexico to statehood. A number of minor
amendments were made to the pending
measure, among others one to make the
census of 1890 the basis of representation
in the constitutional convention. It is be
lieved that the full committee will order a
favorable report on the bill. There will
undoubtedly be a fipht against the admis
sion of this Territory when the bill comes
into the Senate. First, because the Terri
tory is not, as some Senators claim, suffi
ciently settled to justify its people in
assuming statehood, and for the further
reason that the Spanish language is the
tongue 'commonly spoken within its
borders, and, second, because by the admis
sion of this Territory the strength of the
free-silver men in the Senate would be in
creased two votes by the admission of the
Senators from that Territory when it be
came a State.
The bill may perhaps pass the Senate,
but the indications are that it cannot pass
the House of Representatives.
ALLOTMEXT OF HAZARIES.
An Old Custom of the -Vot-y to Be Con
tinued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— Some
weeks ago Comptroller Bowler made a
ruling that prohibited officers of the navy
from making allotments of their pay, thus
setting aside a custom of the navy co-ex
istent with the navy itself, the legality of
which was never questioned by any offi
cial of the Government. It was through
such allotment that naval officials pro
vided for the retention of such portion of
their pay as was necessary for the support
of their family while on cruises. The rul
ing threatened to work serious inconven
ience in innumerable cases and the naval
committee of the two houses at once took
the question under consideration.
This morning the Senate committee
authorized Mr. Tillman to report a bill
that will authorize the allotment of pay in
accordance with the long established cus
tom of the navy.
PRUNING THE
APPROPRIATIONS.
Expenses of Conducting the
Postal Service Before
the House.
ENGINEERED BY LOUD.
Charges of Bulldozing on the
Part of the Committee
Chairman.
RIVALRY OF THE RAILWAYS.
Obnoxious Sections in the Bill to
Restrict Competition Are
Thrown Out.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 10.— In
the House to-day the following bills were
passed:
Making one year's continuous residence
in a Territory a prerequisite to obtaining a
divorce there.
To relieve Captain W. J. Kountz of $22,
--845 liability as freight contractor for the
United States army on the Yellowstone
lliver in 1878.
Authorizing the auditing and payment
of quartermasters' voucners for $6363 held
by John Finn of St. Louis.
The House then went into the commit
tee of the whole to further consider the
postoffice appropriation bill.
A little breeze occurred in the course of
the discussion of an amendment offered
by Bromwell (R.) of Ohio, a member of
the Posiottice Committee, to increase the
appropriation for streetcar service from
$150,000 to $200,000. It was antagonized by
Pickler (It.) of South Dakota, who had
previously made a futile point of order
against the paragraph on the ground that
it was new legislation. He criticized the
amendment named in the bill as totally
insufficient, in view of the fact that it was
proposed to double the service, which for
the present year, he said he had been in
formed, cost $163,000. In this matter, as in
others, Pickler said he had been informed
that the chairman of the committee, Loud,
had overborne the members of the com
mittee and had brought in, as Bromwell
had said, a premature and ill-digested bill
that should have been preceded by other
measures.
Loud assured the gentleman from South
Dakota that he had been wholly misin
formed and that his informant had stated
that, which was totally false.
Ogden (D.) of Louisiana, a member of
the committee, stated that the gentleman
from South Dakota traveled outside the
record in making his assertion, no such
action as he has described having ever
taken place in the committee.
Pickler (excitedly)— l can prove it by
more than one of the members.
Ogden — Nu, sir; I repudiate and deny
that the chairman has been guilty as
charged. He has Been fair throughout.
Bromwell's amendment was rejected.
On a point of order raised by Pickler that
it changed existing law, the chair ruled
out of the bill two pages of the text regu
lating the method of adjusting the ac
counts for carrying mail on streetcars.
When the paragraph was reached appro
priating $195,000 for special mail facilities
on trunlt lines from Boston via New York
and Washington to Atlanta and New Or
leans, Loud, in charge of the bill, made a
point of orUer against it.
Crisp (D.) of Georgia, speaking on the
point of order, called attention to the nov
elty in legislation presented by Loud in
making the point of order.
Bills of this character, Crisp said, were
usually in charge of some one who was in
favor of its provisions, but here was seen
a man in charge of a bill raising the point
of order against that bill.
Bingham (R.) of Pennsylvania sustained
Crisp's contention.
Dingley (R.) of Maine adverted to the
report of Postmaster-General Wauamaker
to show that the appropriation not only
did not secure the object for which it was
made, but absolutely prevented its accom
plishment — instead of expediting mail it
retarded it. Chairman Payne, following
the precedents, overruled the point of or
der on the ground that the appropriation
was not in continuation of an object al
ready in progress.
Cousins (11.) of lowa asked Loud who
was responsible for the item in th c bill to
appropriate $100,000 for special facilities
on the line from Chicago to Omaha, via
Burlington? Was it recommended or re
quested by the Postoffice Department?
Loud replied that all Postmasters-Gen
eral for years had denounced the system.
Even the present official, who might have
voted for the Southern railway subsidy
when a member of the House, condemned
it in unmeasured terms. It was not a cer
tified item before the committee and not
contained in the estimates. But as to who
was responsible for the item if he knew he
would not say.
Lorimer (R.) of Illinois acknowledged
that the item was Inserted upon his mo
tion, but that he had intended to move to
strike out the words, "via Burlington,"
leaving the service open to the competi
tion of all roads between Chicago and
Omaha. On a point of order being made
against it the item was ruled out of the
bill.
Loud moved to strike out the appropria
tion of $190,000 for special facilities from
Boston to Mew York, his point of order
having been overruled. He said that the
New York Central and Pennsylvania Rail
road Company ran entire mail trains from
New York to Chicago and St. Louis with
out a cent of additional revenue above the
regular rates for carrying postal matter.
The train which the appropriation paid for,
Loud said, was two hours slower than an
other train run over the same route, also
carrying the mail. The hour of departure
from New York was not one that tended
to expedite or benefit the mails, and the
hour of arrival at New Orleans was one
which made the train of no value to the
country beyond.
Crisp called attention to Loud's state
ment that every Postmaster-General in the
past seventeen years had denounced the
appropriation of this sum of money, and
asked if the House was ready to believe,
in view of the provision in the bill, "that no
part of the appropriation shall oe expended
unless the Postmaster-General shall deem
such expenditure necessary in order to
promote the interest of the postal service,"
that these officials had been spending tie
money cot to promote the interests of the
postal service, but for the benefit of the
railroad corporations. He thought not.
The motion to striKe" out the appro
priation was advocated by Kyle (D.) of
Mississippi and antagonized by Welling
ton (R.) of Maryland and Ogden (D.) of
Louisiana.
The motion to strike out the appropria
tion on a division of the committee received
100 affirmative votes and 95 negative, the
announcement of which was received with
applause. A vote by tellers was demanded,
resulting: Ayes, 93; noes, 114. The ap
plause was repeated, this time by the
other side.
An amendment offered by Tawney (R.)
of Minnesota was agreed to, providing that
railways carrying mail may furnish free
transportation to the clerKs engaged in the
railway mail service.
The paragraph approDriating $81,700 for
special facilities from Kansas City to New
ton, Kans., went out on a point of order;
also toe one appropriating $100,000 for the
same on lines from Chicago to Omaha,
via Burlington.
Without concluding consideration of the
bill, the committee rose and at 5:10 o'clock
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
IN DANGER OF FLAMES
Hundreds of Men, Women, Boys
and Girls Flee for Their
Lives.
Fire Starts in a Paper Factory and
Occupants of the Building Barely
Save Themselves.
CHICAGO, 111., March 10. — A fire
which was a source of dancer to hundreds
of men and women, boys ana girls, started
this afternoon in the stock of the Lartz
Wall Paper Company on the second floor
of the stone-front building which the com
pany leases from the M artin Eyerson es
tate, located at 47 and 49 Randolph street.
Only an alley separates the six - story
structure from the towering Masonic Tem
ple on State street. The total loss on
building and contents will not exceed
$40,000, principally to the high-grade stock
of the Lartz Company and more from
water than tire. The concert is a branch
of the National Wall Paper Company.
On the fourth floor were 350 young men
and girls, pupils of the Chicago Business
College. Although they were told quietly
to leave the building, and there was no
danger, none of them waited to get all
their cJothing or belon-ings, and rushed
pell-mell down the narrow stairs to the
street. In like manner over 100 employes
of Lord &, Thomas, the advertising firm,
and 125 girls and others employed on the
fifth floor by the E. L. Mansure Company,
fringe-makers, made a hasty exit.
Liquor-Store Destroyed.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 10.— The
wholesale liquor establishment of Mihalo
vitch, Fletcher & Co., 164-168 East Pearl
street, was entirely destroyed by fire this
morning. Loss $75,000; fully insured.
INDIANAPOLIS, I.nd., March 10.— Fire
this morning, which started in the paint
room of the Atkins saw works, destroyed
several buildings owned by the company.
Loss $100,000; covered by insurance. In
cendiarism is suspected.
PJtODVCEDXY J'AHM
An Interesting Crop fieport by the Anri-
cultural Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
Agricultural Department this afternoon
issued the following:
Report on distribution and quality of the
corn and wheat crops of 1895: Returns from
the township, county and State correspondents
of the department indicate as the amount of
corn yet held by farmers 48.8 per cent of the
total crop, or 1,072,000,000 bushels. Propor
tion and total farm reserves are both unpre
cedented. A year ago the stock so held was
but 476,000,000 bushels. The amount to be
sold outside the county is estimated at 21.9
per cent, last year's percentage having been
13.4. The merchantable proportion is 88.1
percent, against 82. 4 last year. Average value
of merchantable corn 25.0 cents, and of un
merchantable 15.4 cents.
The wheat reserves in farmers' hands amount
to 20.3 per cent of the crop, or 123,000,000
bushels. Of this amount 4.9 per cent is re
ported as coming over from 1894 or before.
The proportion of wheat sold beyond county
lines is 58.5 per cent.
The tobacco crop of 1895 is found after a
special investigation to have been 491,544,000
pounds, an average yield of 775 poonds per
acre, on 633,950 acres. Value of crop,
$35,574,900.
Tne report on the cotton crop of 1895, based
on railway and steamship movements, mill
consumption and farm stocks, February 1,
will be made at noon the 16th inst.
SEEKIX G IX F OHM A TJO V.
liilla Relating to Reciprocity and Com
mercial Treaties to lie Considered.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Murch 10.-The
sub-committee of the Committee on Ways
and Means having under consideration
several bills relating to reciprocity and
commercial treaties will have a series of
public hearings, commencing Monday,
March 10, and closing March 21. The
committee desires practical information
concerning the operations of the reci
procity treaties that were negotiated by
the last administration and the effect of
their repeal ; also the obstacles that retard
the extension of our export trade in the
tariff or customs regulations of foreign
countries. The inquiry will be confined to
those two points.
The committee has mailed about 5000
circulars of inquiry to merchants and
manufacturers actually engaged in the
export trade, and also circniars to com
mercial and industrial organizations ask
ing questions on these points.
H.VXTIXGTON. IS OX HA.XD. * ■'•■,
With Bis Lobbyist* He Is Busy at the
Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Hun
tington and his gang of lobbyists are back
again. Huntington will testify before the
House Pacific Roads Committee to-mor
row. The lobbyists are infesting the hotel
corridors to-night as busy as bees. John
Boyd had a talk with Chairman Powers,
while other railroad agents met BoatnerJ
Faris, Sulzer and Johnson. Opinion is
divided as to whether any bill will be re
ported at this session.
A prominent member said to The Call
correspondent to-night that he believed it
was the policy of the leaders of the House
to defeat this as well us other important
measures, until the short session, when
the elections have been held. But whether
a bill is reported or not, it is regarded as
plain that no funding bill will pass at this
session.
COybIT)EBIXQ:HIXX*aBILIji
It Relates to Suit* for Injury Sustained
by Residents.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
House Judiciary Committee to-day con
sidered without action a bill introduced by
Hitt of Illinois, chairman of the Foreign
Affairs Committee, which permits any
citizen or subject of a foreign power claim
ing of the United States or under treaty
or upon the principles of international
law indemnity for injury to person or
property to bring suit upon such claim in
any United States Circuit Court.
The bill has the approval of Secretary
Olney, who regards it as simpler in charac
ter and more limited in scope than any
previous bill on the same subject which
has come under bis observation.
ALL OLD PARTIES
ROUNDLY SCORED
Opening of a Convention of
United Reformers at
at Pittsburg.
VERY FEW ARE PRESENT
Mrs. Maria Freeman Gray Speaks
Vigorously in the Cause
of Temperance.
JOHN FLANNIGAN'S APDBESS.
Says the Venerable John Sherman
Has Done More Harm Than
Jeff Davis.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 10.-The for
mation of a new political party, in which
will be found the new reformers—Popu
lists, free silver advocates, Prohibitionists,
Woman Suffragists, Greenbackers and
others — will be attempted by a three-daya'
conference, which began at the old City
Hall to-day. The call for this conference
was signed by 16,000 men and women, and"
the meeting is technically designated as a
"general conference for the abolition of
the drink traffic in the United States and
for such other moral, economic, financial
and industrial reforms as are needed in
this country."
At 10:25 o'clock, when the conference
opened, the audience consisted of twelve
people. Carl Stewart, the National chair
man, explained that the conference was
merely a conference and not a gathering
of delegates. The principal parties, he
said, were corrupt. The Republican had
been his choice, but when it bowed down
to the liauor traffic he became disgusted.
The Democratic party, one oi the negative
principles, was opposed to progress. If the
Populists, Prohibitionists, Silverites and
others could get together they could ac
complish everything.
National Secretary Daniel Swoger read
the report of the committee of 100. The
financial report shows receipts to date
from inception of the movement,
$3190 87; expenditures, $3190 75; leaving a
balance of 12 cents. Secretary Swoger
and Mrs. Gray read a number of letters
from sympathizers with the movement.
John Flannigan, in- his enthusiastic
talk indorsing the movement, character
ized John Sherman with having ac
complished more harm than Jefferson
Davis. Flannigan concluded by reciting
a poem illustrating the times as hp sees
them. The conference adjourned for
dinner.
When the afternoon cession opened
twenty-seven people occupied seats in the
hall. After a few preliminaries Mrs.
Maria Freeman Gray of California spoke
on the question, "Can we reasonably
hope that either of the existing parties-
Republican, Democratic, Populist or Pro
hibition — will in the near future be able
to abolish the drink traffic and secure the
general reforms needed in the Govern
ment?"
Mrs. Gray said that under the Repub
lican and Democratic administrations cor
ruption, dishonesty and trickery have
entered the hails of justice; therefore re
form could not be expected from those
parties. Of the Prohibitionists, Populists
and other minor parties the speaker de
clared that they have flung their banner
to the breeze with the express purpose
of bringing about a better condition pf the
affairs of the Government, but as yet have
not succeeded.
Airs. Gray, a strong advocate of prohibi
tion, dwelt upon that subject at length.
She declared, however, that she favored a
new party — one that would succeed where
the others have failed.
At the close of Mrs. Grn'-'s address it
was discovered that th^ meeting was with
out a secretary. After some confusion at
the oversight Mrs. Gray acted in that ca
pacity.
Other speakers discussed the question
introduced by the California lady.
H. E. Cole of Pittsburg thought a union
of the Prohibitionists, Populists and Sil
verites could overthrow the two main
parties. Rev. William Frost Cryspin
spoke against intemperance, saying that
the extinction of this evil would suppress
polygamy, gambling and prize-fighting.
Several letters were then read, among
them those of Dr. John Stoltz of Reading,
Pa., and D. M. Grandon o f the Michigan
Messenger. Mr. Grandon suggested ex-
Congressman Joseph Sibley of Franklin,
John P. St. John of Kansas and Mayor H.
E. Pingiee of Detroit, as candidates for
President or Vice- President.
Another session will be held to-morrow.
Killed Hi» Wife and Himself .
ALLENTCftVN, Pa., March 10.— Fidel
Tritchler, a member of the Select Council
of this city and a prosperous baker, shot
ana killed his wife at 5 o'clock this morn
ing and then put two bullets into his own
brain. He died three hours later. No
cause is known except that ho suffered
from insomnia last week.
_ :.\ :l _ -_ *Wj TO«P AT: -■ v-^ ; _
§)®®®®<^~(sX&^:r=
"A man convinced IMtatt hi* will
Is ol the same opinion sti!l."
Do not bo induced
against your bottor juiU;-
ment to bu) nnv Hiovvlo
except a
COLUMBIA
HARTFORD
POPE mapfactlto CO.,
344 Post St., S. F.. Cal.
. Instruction and Renting De-
■ partment— l97o Page f at., near
Park entrance. > -
JOY'S Combination
For Twenty-Five Cents.
irilV'C Munyon's pVasters'!.";";!."...;-- I°°
inV'Q Allcock's Plasters }™>
J \J I O Beecham'3 PU15............... 15 °
400
'■: . . Discount' for combination... 150
JOY'S •■'■■•-'"■ 25c '
' ■ McKenzie's Kidney Plasters. 350
_^ v _,,-» Brandreth's Pi 115.............. Joe
JOY S Yucca Root Toilet 50ap...... 10c
"' .. .. '.: ; ■ 500
Discount for combination. . . 25c
JOY'S — "-■=
Combination
JOY'S - For Fifty Cents.
Labiache.... SOc
Bromo 5e1tzer ............ 20c sic*
Pierre's Toilet Water 60c
JOY S - $ioo
' Discount for combination 60
■■ - a - 50c
JOY'S ~~
. McKenzie's Toilet Soap 250
. Syrup of. Figs i>so
Bottle Bay Kum 250
y \f. 1 w Discount for combination... 350
600
JOY'S Combination
For One Dollar.
lOY'^ Warner's Safe Cure....... 85c
JVI **•* Joy's Tooth Powder 50c size
» Carter's Little Liver Pills 15c
- VI 50
IDY'Q Discount for combination 50
* $100
i/Miirt Paine's Celery Compound $ 60
IflY O Pierre'sPerfume(2oz)....... 100
. *■* ■ t. • ■ Strengtheuing Plaster 11l
' $1 70
* - -Discount for combination... 70
JOY'S .Too
inv'Q Combination for Two
JUY ■ - Dollars and a HalfDolJar.
Dr. Ilebra's Blood and . Skin
_ -; '_'■_■_•" _ Treatment... ...:.*... $2 50
lf|V Q Canada Whiskey, Slsize 100
Jvl *-* Uorllck's Malted Milk, i?l size 100
;■• v ■■-"'^.-':-i^i--y*:6' $4 50
Discount for combination. . . '-' 00
JOY S $2 50
inv'Q Combination
JOY b For Five Dollars.
, Dr. McKenzie's Catarrh Treat-
ment, with Atomizer for .
I/"\\/»G 6 months $5 00
JU I O Xo-To-Bac 65
Joy's .sarsaparilla ........... «5
Hyrupof Figs..... 35
Pond's Extract... 35
irv\/lf> .Castoria...... .' ■■ 25
I (I V Pierre's Extract Apple Bloom
** w " w (4-oz size). ....'...: 300
• $10 25
lAVC Discount for combination.. 625
JUY o . ?500
IHV'Q "What you get at Joy's
JUY D Is Good."
AND YOU GET IT.
JOY'S —
JOY'S
JOY ' S BALDWIN PHARMACY,
TJndor Baldwin Hotel,
iriV?C Powell and Market Streets.
J\J I <& ;;.;,. Send us Mail Orders.
®®®®®@®®®®&®&
| ALASKA! {
tWe fitted out that big (Q
£*\ Alaska expedition last (g
week. Yes, pretty busy. <jj
Sj. Rush over now, and
S ready again with 1^
S SMITHS' ®
i WEEKLY |
I SPECIALS! |
% REDUCED FOR THIS WEEK %
® OXLT TILL MARCH 14. ©
10c Butterfly Tomatoes, 4 can5.... 25c 2\
P|9 250 Dessert Grated Pineapple...:. 16c G*f
s^. 25c Acme Beef, 51iced. ........ ......18c 2C
»3 25c Yellow Cornmeal, 10 1b5. .....:20c (Z(*
jff' . 60c I>a Delicatespe Cheese Pots 33c
hA 15c Bulk Orated C0c0anut..........10c. Al
55: 25c Kusset Shoe Dressing.. 10c ;V
£m\ SOc PI nsh-Top Clothes Brush.'.... 10c (Jj|
Vi 10c Garden Trowel ; 6c '•»?
£h\ 20c Celery Glass...: 8c fS\
»f 4 *5.00 Men's Button Shoes $1.50
A 10c Ginghams 5c ff\
nj $1.00 Imitation Smyrna Kug 25c OT
/^. : 25c Indies' Dude Hat 15c jmr\
Xi $1.50 Baby 5h0e5. ..........: 50c (M
>t $1.50 Dolls, 14-in.' t dressed.. ...;.. 50c jf£
f© FREIGHT PAID 100 MILES. ®
Q) 2 Premium Bicycles Free to (Q
jjv Largest Buyer by April 1. *f\
§[ BICYCLES— Last year's
fO , Nearly Half Price. <&
Q) TANDEMS— 2 Second-hand (Q
S • at Half Price.
§f ■ ' Smiths' Cash Store, m\
W : . : 414,415, 8 ST., S.F.
, P|9 Largest Western Department Store. ' \S*9
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
——OF
TEACHERS!
; ■ SUs Fbancisco, March 3, 1896.
The r?£t>l*r >«mt*annual examination of appll*
i*aiu» tor ttaefi«M* c*nifleates (High School, Gram*
msr «v.l PnmiU-v srmies and special certificates)
will coiamtnc« »t th« Normal school buildincr,
l\iw«ll s:nv.. n**r Clay, on FRIDAY, March 13,
1895, ' at S o'clock r. m. Applicants who wish to
V'svi *n <><«u\!ii«(lon for Hi«(h . School certificates
or sp^-i*; ivr i .v\t;i's will send notice to tnis office
' ou or brfat* Mmvh 6th. . • ,
tn MApQuto* wIU) the State School law each
»y|\l!.-*tt! i««« p*y »n examination fee of C 2 in
*.\\ »»n-*. \ Applicants who intend taking the ex- J
w*Vini«irtW rou«t rejrister prior to the commence-
wrni \\\* same, as no fees will be received on
UV*J. ■*\<- '•':'■ ■
\W*h-*M9 tor Primary Grade certificates win be
r««it*»t •t» - pass upon the following subjects:
vMU«\s»»Uo, Orammar, Geography, Composliion,
'.< . .-r< at th«: United States. Orthography and
» v nit. I Vnmanshlp, Readina;, Methods of Teach-
ifcf. H»*.h<>ol Law, Industrial Drawing, Physlologv ■
nvu >;><\irnmetit. Elementary Bookkeeping and
\ .v*l MMiO. Applicants for Grammar Grade cer-
ytl^iM. in addition to passing on the above stud-
ir*. wiwt aHo pass on Algebra, Physics, Pedagoa>
io-«. U<\>meiry, General History and Literature
- , - « -M. B\BCOCK, .
\ Superintendent of Common Schooli,
Ojcoroe Bb^nston, Secretary. - •.. . ■
BRUSHES?*
M II WWI ■ k « hon»«, bUliard - tabln*
i tjtn. & flourmllU, - foundrie*. Uundriea,
kangwa, prlnten, paTßtcn, shoe factori« Mao?»
■A tMt-toottn, itMMn, tailors, etc. •— »w
_ : M BDCHANAJf BROS., '
M»nnf*cturerK, 6O9aacramento3*»
OOSMOPOIjITAKr,
Opposite U.S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St.. San
I j > rancisco, Cal — The most select family hotel ia i
j the city. Board and room, $1, $l 25 and $1 50 per -
day, according to room. f Meals 25c. Rooms, 800
and 760 a day. 9 Freft coach to and from the hotel.
I Look for the coach, bearing the name of the Cot*
1 masaUtaa llotci ?■; \vj£ FJLKEX. ronrietqj; __OHIO IS LOYAL
TO McKINLEY
Senator-Elect Foraker So
Declares at the State
Convention.
ALLEGIANCE EXPLAINED
Reed, Allison, Morten or Quay
Will Also Be Supported
if Nominated.
KEYNOTES OF THE CAMPAIGN.
Republicans of Other States Also Meet
and Select Their National
Delegates.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 10.-Tne \
ruost notable feature of the short session ;
of the Republican State convention to-day I
was the speech of Senator-elect Foraker, in j
which he declared his allegiance to Me- j
Kitiley with all his characteristic vigor.
1 I want my speech to be short enough," \
Baid he, "for all to read it, and plain
enough for all to understand it." And
then he passed into praise of ex-Governor j
McKinlev and a presentation of his quali- ;
fications for the Presidency that fully j
made amends for the notable omission of |
any such sentiment in his speech accept
ing the office of United States Senator two
months ago.
Chairman J. M. Ickes of the State Cen
tral Committee made a short speech in
calling the convention to order, and men
tion by him of the name of McKinley gave
the convention a chance to express itself
and show that McKinley enthusiasm was
pent up at high pressure. It was left for
Foraker to uncorK it. The time had come,
he said, for redeeming the third promise
of the Zanesvilie convention, wnich de
clared for the election of McKinley to the-
Presidency, and the convention drowned
his voice with cheers.
"The Republicans of Ohio," continued
Foraker, "<lo not look unkindly at Thomas
B. Heed [applause;, nor Levi P. Morton,
nor William B. Allison, nor M. 8. Quay,
the other great leaders who have been
mentioned in connection with that honor.
On the contrary, if the St. Louis conven
tion should disappoint us and give the
honor to one of them, we here now pledge
bim in advance the electoral vote of Ohio
by the largest majority ever given in the
history of the State. It is not that we love
i less, but Rome more. William Me-
K'.nley is our own."
Here he toid the story of the McKinley
bill aud its repeal, and continued: "As a
vesuit, in every section, in every State, in
every community, in every municipality,
in every mill and mine and furnace and
forge and workshop, everywhere through
out all this broad land where capital is
invested am labor employed, William Me-
Kfnrey isvhe ideal American statesman,
tne typicip- American leader and the ver
itable ArnK '.lean idol.
"No man in public life in this country en
joyed such universal popularity as is his.
No man in this country in public life ever
commanded, as he now commands, the af-
fection of the great mass of voters of the
country. Other States are declaring for
him. Ohio cannot lead the column. It is
already on the march. [Laughter.] All
we can do is to join the procession. [Loud
laughter.] We will not hesitate longer to
take action in that respect. I want my
speech here to-day to be short enough for
everybody to read it and plain enough for
everybody to understand. [Long applause,
lasting for several minutes.] I have
sounded, gentlemen ol the convention, the
keynote of this convention."
There was a caucus ef leading Foraker
faction Republicans with a view to fixing
up a "slate" for the convention. They
determined to make General A. T. Wikoff
their candidate for Secretary of State in
case he could develop sufficient strength,
if not to support Doty of Cleveland.
For Board of Public Works they will
Fupport John Stillwell of Troy and for
Food Commissioner Representative Black
burn of Belmont County. They will not
attempt to defeat Judge Williams for re
election to the Supreme bench.
The committees are at work to-night.
The committee on resolutions contains few
prominent men. Among these are Con
gressman George W. Wilson of London,
W. K. Taylor of Columbia, L. J. Fenton of
Adama, ex-Congressman John Little of
Xenirt, M. L. Smyzer of Wooster, and ex-
Attorney-General George K. Nash of Co
lumbus.
The committee on resolutions had dele
gated the work of preparing the platform
to a sub-committee, which is at work at
midnight. This sub-committee will report
to the whole committee to-morrow morn
ing. The resolutions will declare for sound
money, protection to American industries,
and will speak as stronsrly for McKinley
for the Presidency as words can. Tne
committee on temporary organization ue
cided to recommend that the temporary
organization be continued as the permar
nent one.
Senator Foraker received the following
teie/nim to-night:
CANTON, Ohio, March 10.—/. B. Foraker, Co
hnnbuz: friends have wired me of your great
speech at the convention to-day. I beg to con
vey to you my sincere thanks tor your cordial
and generous expressions.
William McKiklbt.
ELECTIONS IN MINNESOTA.
Party Line* Sot Closely Drawn and
Honor* Divided.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 10.— Elections
were held in two-thirds of the cities and
villages of Minnesota to-day. Party lines
were not closely drawn. The labor ticket
carried everything at Grand Rapids; the
Republicans carried Ait Ken, Northfield,
Preston and Morris. The Democrats car
rel Graceville and White Bear and the
Independents carried Melrose.
In the excise fight the license men made
notable gains. The no-license people
gained a great victory at Siayter, however,
reversing the vote of two years ago and
carrying the town by a majority of one.
»O SE\ATO/t THIS SESSION.
Impossible for th* Kentucky Legislature
to Mrcmk the Hradloek.
FRANKFORT, Kv., March 10. — The
bony of the late Senator Weissinger was
Bent to Louisville at noon to-day, Senators
and Representatives escorting it to the
depot. The joint session convenod at
noon, with an agree rnent that ouiy three
members, Adams, Baird and Poor, should
vote for Senator. These voted for Boyle,
Blackburn and Pettit. All the other mem
bers sat in silence while their names were
called. The president announced that no
quorum had voted and the session ad
journed until noon to-morrow.
The Republicans were very much sur
prised this afternoon by the announce
ment that W. G. Dunlap had withdrawn
from the contest for 1L Kaufman's seat in
the Legislature. If Kaufman had been
turned out the Republicans could have
elected a Senator with the vote of one
Populist. Now they will have to have the
vote of both of them. It makes the elec
tion of a Senator impossible, because Ed
rington will continue to vote for Black-
burn.
At midnight everything indicates that
there is trouble ahead to-morrow in the
joint Assembly. St. John Boyle, Repub
lican nominee for Senator, and his man
agers were in caucus with Speaker Blan
ford and a Jarpe number of the Republi
can members of the House until nearly
midnight, and it was decided to push the
contest against Representative Kaufman
(D.) as though Dunlap had filed no letter
of withdrawal. The Republicans claim
they will vote as a unit and, having a
majority in the House, will unseat Kauf
man before the joint ballot for Senator to
morrow. Both sides are getting ready for
the fight in earnest and sensational devel
opments are looked for in the contest
when the joint Assembly convenes at
noon.
VFOy A BROAD PZATFOBM.
Hoto Allison Will B« Upheld by lowa
Republicans.
PES BIOINEB, lowa, March 10.— At 11
o'clock to-morrow morning the Republi
can State Convention to name delegates to
the National Convention will be called to
order in this city. Congressman ;j. P.
Dolliver will be temporary chairman. The
convention will name four delegates-at
large and twenty-two district delegates
from the eleven districts. The delegates
at-large, according to the slate, will be
Senator Gear, Congressmen Henderson and
Hepburn and J. S. Clarkson. But to-night
has developed a hard right against Clark
son and it is barely possible he will be de
feated. The fight, however, is aimed more
at his defeat for member of the National
Committee than for delegate.
The member of the National Committee
will be choeen at St. Louis, but the in
fluences brought to bear here will deter
mine the selection there. The delegates
are nearly all in and enthusiasm for Alli
son is high. The delegation will be in
structed for him for President and the
platform will be written with the view to
his standing on it before the Nation.
Jacob Rich of Dubuque, Allison's home
manager, came here with the outline of a
platform, but it will probably not be
adopted. It was of broad scope and in its
place the plan is to adopt a general resolu
tion calling attention to Allison's public
record as the best platform on which a can
didate could stand. This will dodge the em
barrassment of a declaration on the cur
rency question, which was the serious
weakness of the Rich resolution.
REFJJBZICAXS OF KANSAS.
They Elect Delegate* Inatructed to Tot*
for McKinUy.
WICHITA, Kans., March 10.— The Re
publicans of Kansas in convention to-day
declared, by formal resolution, their pref
erence for Major McKinley as the nominee
of the party for President. The resolutions
were also conspicuous for the omission of
any reference to the monetary question.
The re-election of Cyrus Leland, chairman
of the State Central Committee, as Kansas
member of the National Committee, was
favored by the delegates.
The convention organized with ex-Chief
Justice Albert H. Horton as temporary
chairman and J. Q. Royce of Phillips
County secretary. A telegram of greeting
to the Republican Convention of Ohio and
expressive of the loyalty of Kansas Re
publicans to McKinley was sent to Colum
bus. The following were chosen delegates
at large to the St. Louis Convention:
Cyrus Leland, Nathaniel Barnes. Thomas
J. Anderson, M. M. Murdock and Carl A.
Swennsson.
REXOMIXAIEIi ITS TICKET.
The Rhode Island Convention Also
Adopted a Strong Platform.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., March 10.— The
Republican State Convention held here
to-day renominated its entire ticket of last
year.
The platform declares its renewed alle
giance to those groat principles expressed
in the last National Republican platform ;
favors such restrictions upon immigration
as will more effectual]}* prevent the land
ins upon American shores of the ignorant
pauper and criminal classes of foreign na
tions, in the education at the public ex
pense of the citizens of the future and in
the fullest development of our unequaled
resources; rejoices in the awakening
througnout the land of the sense of pa
triotism and National pride, and approves
of the recent acts of a Republican Congress
to increase the strength and efficiency of
the naval and military forces of the coun
try ; stands unalterably opposed to appro
priations for sectarian schools and to all
efforts to diminish or render less potent
the beneficial influences of our system of
public education.
REPUBLICAXS COXGRATULATEIi.
Pleated by the Jtenomination of lirod
erirk, Curtis and Long.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Rep
resentatives Broderick, Curtis and Long
of Kansas were generally congratulated
to-day by their Republican ana Demo
cratic associates upon their renoininations
yesterday. Ail three are Republican
members of the House. Mr. Broderick is
now serving his third terra and Mr. Curtis
his second. Mr. Long has the seat in the
present House tnat was formerly rilled by
Jerry Simpson of Medicine Lodpe, who
was conspicuous as a Populist leader in
the Fiity-second and Fifty-third Con
gresses.
Steele Was Renominated.
KOKOMO, Ind., March 10.— At the Con
gressional convention held in this city
to-day by the Republicans of the Eleventh
District Major George W T . Steele of Marion
was renominated for Congress by accla
mation. The convention passed strong
McKinley resolutions.
For the National University.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
bill incorporating the National University
of the United States was to-day favorably
reported to the Senate. It grants a char
ter to the university, provides for its gov
ernment, grants it the ground in the city
of Washington designated by President
Washington as a site for a National uni
versity and appropriates $15,000 for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1897, and
$25,000 the year following.
To Complete Building*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.—Sec
retary Carlisle sent to the White Hous*
to-day an estimate of an appropriation of
$l;'i,'ioO, necessary to complete the public
buildiiu' at Kansas City, Mo., and an esti
mate of $100,000 for completing the public
building at Omaha, Neb. In each the esti
mate is in addition to the limit of the cost
of the buildings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
SMITES AT
LOS ANGELES.
State Executive Committee
Indorses National
Candidates.
NAMED IX RESOLUTIONS
Friends of the White Metal
Urged to Support Allen
and Morgan.
CONFRONTED BY A CRISIS.
Bimetallists Enjoined to Strike for
Financial Independence in
November.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— The
following resolution was to-day adopted
by the State executive committee of the
American Bimetallic party of California:
Whereas, The gravest crisis ever reached in
the history of the American people now imme
diately confronts us, and the ensuing Presi
dential election must cecide for all time to
come whether we as a people must pass under
the degrading and enslaving yoke of the Eng
lish money power and thus surrender the in
dependence won for ms in 1776; now then, In
view of the mighty Issues at stake and for the
purpose of securing for our people the can
didacy of men eminent alike for their un
swerving patriotism and unsurpassed states
manship,
Resolved, That we indorse the candidacy of
Senator Morgan of Alabama -for the Presidency
and Senator Allen of Nebraska for the Vice-
Presidency, and earnestly and anxiously com
mend them to our fellow-citizens throughout
the Union.
TESTIFIES FOB ZOWRT.
Ex-Clerk Ward Says Mis Deputy Vio
lated Xo Office Mule.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— The
trial of F. E. Lowry, ex-Chief Deputy
County Clerk during T. H. Ward's admin
istration, under the indictment charging
him with the embezzlement of county
tunds, was resumed this morning.
Mr. Ward, now clerk of tne Supreme
Court, was examined by the District At
torney in reference to the books of his
ofiice during his term. It was shown
through Mr. Ward that other clerks had
access to the drawer whence the missing
money disappeared, and he admitted that
be himself, Mr. Seaver and Mr. Johnson
had taken money at different times from
the drawer to pay claims against the of
fice. The clerk had verbal authority from
the Board of Supervisors to pay out of the
ices the money for necessary expenses. In
the paving out of the money in the items
in evidence Mr. Lowry was not violating
any rule of the office.
The prosecution next called C. W. Bell,
clerk of the Supervisors, to show that de
mands were put in to the board for the
amounts paid out by Mr Lowry from the
fee fund in the County Clerk's office.
County Auditor Bicknell was called,
and, in spite of objections, was allowed to
show that the amounts in question had
been allowed and warrants issued by him
for them. He produced the warrants,
showing that they had been paid by the
County Treasurer to the county treasury,
his indorsement appearing upon the back
of each one of them.
TO EXJOIX SAJf DIEGO.
.-in Attempt to Prevent a Seduction of
Watrr Kate*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— A bill
in equity was riled in the United States
Circuit Court this morning asking for an
injunction to perpetually restrain the
city of San Diego from enforcing an
ordinance cutting down the rates for
water supply. The petitioner is the San
Diego Water Company. The Board of
Aldermen and board of delegates of San
Diego wanted a horizontal reduction of
water rates, and on February 29, 189(3, an
ordinance was passed embracing this
reduction.
The petitioner claims that the reduction
is too radical, ana will not result in enough
revenue to pay the operating expenses.
The bill sets forih the cost of construction
and the improvements, and goes into
elaborate detail as to the cost of operation
and the interest on bonds and other out
standing obligations. It claims that the
city exceeded its authority in making such
a radical cut in rates.
BAN DIEGO, Cat,., March 10.— The San
Diego Water Company this afternoon
commenced action against the city of San
Diego for the purpose of having the recent
water ordinance adopted by the City Coun
cil declared void and of no effect; and, fur
ther, to have a new ordinance adopted rix
ing the rates at a figure that would allow
$50,000 for interest on the company's
Bonds, $50,000 for operating expenses, $60,
--000 for decay and depreciation, plant,
taxes, insurance, etc., and 7 per cent on
the capital stock. The total increase asked
for is not stated, but it cannot be far from
$225,000 annually, whereas it is claimed in
the complaint that the income to be de
rived from the ordinance just adopted can
not be more than $80,000.
SAXDSTUJIM RAGIXG.
Railroad Traffic Interfered With In
Southern California.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— Great
clgudsof sand are racing across the saue
brush and cacti-dotted country between
Cucamonga and Colton, ana for the first
time in the history of Southern California
railroading traffic has been interfered with
by this kind of atmospheric disturbance.
The wind commenced blowing in the Cu
camonga section early last evening and
has continued all day.
Assistant Division Superintendent Prior
is in receipt of advices to the effect that
several miles of the road is covered with
tine sand, which makes it utterly impos
sible for trains to pass over. A large force
of men is new on the scene trying to clear
the road, but as fast as the sand is shov
eled out it is blown back. It will be im
possible to clear the road till the wind
abates. Trains are on both sides of the
storm-swept section and will remain there
till the wind goes down.
Veteran* to Catnp at Ventura.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— The
next encampment of the Union Veterans'
Encampment Association of Southern
California will be held at Ventura during
the first week in July. The executive
committee so decided at a meeting at the
Hollenbeck Hotel this afternoon. Repre
sentatives from all the southern counties
were present. The last encampment, held
at Santa Monica the lirst week in August,
was a great success.
WOODLAND'S JVJiff VENTURIS.
I'roposed Establishment of a Cannery
by ftanta Rosa Capitalist*.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 10. — The
business men of this city are enthusiastic
over the proposed establishment of a can
nery. The projectors of the erterprise are
Fred and Frank Hood, capitalists of Santa
Rosa who own extensive orchard interests
near Woodland. Both are experienced
fruit and cannery men.
Their proposition to the business men is
that if a bonus of $3500 is forthcoming
they will erect a $20,000 plant. That
means that $10,000 wiil be distributed dur
ing the fruit season to wage-earners of this
city. A meeting of citizens and business
men will be held to discuss the proposi
tion.
F.Tj IJORADO'S Afl'AKENiyO.
Placerville Citizens Organize a League
of Progress.
PLACERVILLE. Cal., March 10.—Rep
resentative citizens gathered last night as
a result of the Daily Nugget's agitation
and formed a League of Progress. The
business men were out in force. Three
scores of names were enrolled.
Rip Van Winkle El Dorado with its
great mining resources has at last
awakened. The Call was the first to
labor for the advancement of this great
industry, beginning its work nearly a year
ago; through The Call representative's
efforts the daily paper project for.Plarer
ville was brought from a phantom to a
reality, and through this Daily Nugget the
League of Progress h as come. Tne foot
hill city of the Sierras is taking on new
life.
The officers chosen last night were:
Hon. Charles A. Swissler, president; Max
Mierson, vice-president*; County Clerk
Bosquit, secretary; J. C. O'Donnell,
treasurer; R. V. Robertson, editor of the
Nugget, promoter of the league's interest
generally. The object of the organization
is to advance Placervilie's interests with
out any effort to boom, but in a conserva
tive manner; to bring people to action in
their city's behalf, and to place before out
side observation the possibilities of the
whilom empire county of California.
CALPJELLA'S SI AG E- ROBBER.
John Schneider Arraigned for Two Hold-
Up* >ear Uhinh.
UKIAH. Cal., March 10.— John Schneid
er, the alleged Calpella bandit, was to
day arraigned in the Superior Court in
this country on two charces of robbery.
He is accused of having on December 31
last stopped the southbound staq;e from
Willitts to Ukiah and taken therefrom the
express-box and its contents, $15 in gold
coin; and with having robbed the north
bound staee over the same route on Janu
ary 15, securing $17 and the express-box.
Schneider stated that he had neither
property, money nor means to employ an
attorney. The court thereupon appointed
J. C. Kuddock and W. G. Poage to defend
him. He pleaded not guilty to both
charges. If he is ready for trial the case
wiil be taken up the latter part of this
week.
Schneider is the man who, while resist
ing arrest, shot and badly wounded ex-
Sheriff Standley.
CARSON MINI SHORTAGE
Inspector Mason Testifies That
He Believes Other Bogus
Melts Were Made.
Mutilation of the Records Prevents
the Tracing of Other Spu
rious Bars.
CAkSON, Nev., March 10.— The main
testimony to-day in the John T. Jones
trial for stealing bullion was that given by
Inspector Andrew Mason. He said that
independent of the bo^us melt, the books
in IMS showed a shortage in the melter
and refiner's department. The operation
of making the spurious bar could have
been done only by the melter and refiner
or his assistant. If the melter left it to his
assistant, then he was the one who did the
work. Other melts beside the Bodie melt
were bogus. He was not able to trace
them, as the leaves of the record-book had
been torn out. The book showed a short
age independent of the botrus bar.
Mason had traced melt 14, the one
which, the prosecution claims, was used
to cover up the making of the bogus melt.
The' records purport to show that settle
ment melt 14 of 1*93 was first assayed
on June 14, 1894, and afterward melted on
June 24.
"In tracing that melt," said Mason, "I
became convinced from something queer
and irregular that it had some connection
with. the bogus melt."
The witness swore that when the melt
was prepared for settlement, June 14, 1894,
it was accepted by the superintendent and
assayer. It was correct and ready for the
examiner. Yet on June 124 cupellation
buttons were again sent up to the assayer
purporting to have come from the same
melt. He did not believe No. 14 was re
melted at all. Had it been rf melted the
second button would have been higher in
fineness. The false report was sent to the
assayer by the melter and retiner to cover
up the real work of making the bogus
melt to cover previous dishonest work.
"Have yon any interest, personal or
political, in seeing this defendant con
victed?" Mason was asked.
"Leave out personal and political," said
the Judge.
Mason answered "No, sir."
Mason will probably be on the stand for
two days and some startling revelations
are expected.
HAS BERXAJtiIUSO ROW.
A Bank to Me fined Itecause It Refuted
Silver in Payment for a Draft.
BAN BERNARDINO, Cat,., March 10.—
Lewis Jacobs, manager of the Bank of San
Bernardino, evidently has no use for
American silver dollarsin unlimited quan
tity. A few days ago tie refused to accept
<X>6 of them on a draft drawn on J. S.
Purdy, a cattle-dealer of this city. Mr.
Purdy went to the bank ami tendered
Jacobs the face value of the draft in silver
dollars, but met with a refusal, and the
draft was returned to the Arizona Bank,
whence it came protested. It again came
to Mr. Purdy ttirough another bank, but
he refused to pay the costs of the protest
brought about by Manager Jacobs refusing
to accept the silver.
Purdy says he will sue the bank for dam
ages, as he ciaims it has injured his credit
considerably by its action.
SAftTA BARBARA'S CHARTER.
A Substitute for the City's Defective Ordi
nance Code.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 10.—
The discovery was recently made that the
municipal government of this city has for
some time been conductert under a defec
tive charter, an essential section »of the
present charter having been repealed with
out a substitute by the State Legislature,
thus leaving no provision governing the
service of Mayor and Council. This is a
serious hiatus in the law, which miehU in
validate titles to lund acquired within the
city limits during the past few years, and
the Board of Trade has set seriously to
worK to correct the deficiency. At its in
stance a committteof rive responsible men
were appointed, they to nominate a board
of fifteen freeholders, to be elected by the
people at the forthcoming election, for the
purpose of framing a new charter.
The board has now been selected. As
the need of the new charter is recognized
on every hand, the town will probably
soon be working under new laws and be in
a position to correct, any defects in titles
transferred and purchased in good faith.
Treaaurif Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 10.— The
gold reserve at tne close of business stood
at $126,265,010. The withdrawals for the
day were $192,000.
WOODLAND MEN
ARE SUSPECTED.
Prominent Citizens Likely
to Be Arrested for
Arson.
ARE CLOSELY WATCHED.
Shepherd & Collum Accused of
Setting Fire to Their
Woolen-Mill.
THEY DENY THE CHARGE.
Declare It to Be a Plot of Insurance
Companies to Evade the Pay
ment of Losses.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 10.— Since
the destruction by fire of the Woodland
woolen-mills on the morning of January
29 speculation as to the origin of the con
flagration has formed the theme for gen
eral conversation. Officials of this city,
assisted by Detective Thomas Bury of San
Francisco, have been diligently working
upon the case for the past three weeks, and
now openly announce that charpes of arson
will be preferred against the Woodland
woolen-mill proprietors and at least one
other person within the next five days. It
is claimed by the officials that the convic
tion of the suspected persons is inevitable.
Two attempts were made to burn the
property— the first on the evening of Jan
uary 28, when the flames were discovered
in time to prevent the destruction of the
building. On the morning of the 29th the
property was again fired and burned to the
ground. It was given out that two men
who had been refused employment at the
mills on the day previous to the fire ap
piied the torch as a means of revenge.
The officers allege that they have in
dubitable evidence in their possession;
that they will prove that rags saturated
with a combustible fluid were taken from
the building at a certain time by persons
whose names are in their possession, and
afterward used as torches in the destruc
tion of Woodland's chief industry.
Messrs. Shepnerd & Collum owned only
the stock in the mill, which was insured
for ?l«>,000. When asked to-day by a Call
correspondent if they had any statement
to make, Mr. Shepherd said:
"All I know of this matter is what I
have heard on the streets. I understand
that suspicion that we started the fire
which destroyed our plant rests upon
Collum and myself, and that should we
attempt to leave town we would be
arrested. We have done nothing wrong
and have nothing to fear.
"One reason," continued Mr. Shepherd,
"why we know the officers suspect us is
that thus far they have failed to interview
either Collum or myself.
"We can prove where we were at the
time both fires occurred, but I do not be
lieve it will ever be necessary. We do not
fear arrest, and believe the whole matter
lies with the insurance companies in their
attempt not to fultill their obligations in
the payment of the policy. Representa
tive insurance agents from San Francisco
on several occasions have visited the mill,
and were apparently well satisfied. If
there was any fault to find in the amount
of our policy they were the ones to com
plain." «^__ __^______ —
SI JOSE NOT ALARMED
The Solvency of the Commercial
and Savings Bank Is
Conceded.
Directors Favor an Increase of Capi-
tal Stock and Resumption of
Business.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— There was
no excitement here to-day over the sus
pension of the Commercial and Savings
Bank. As stated in The Call the assets
about double the liabilities and there is a
feeling of confidence on the part of the de
positors. It is now probable that the bank
will resume business much earlier than
was at first expected and that the capital
stock will be increased $20C,000.
There was an informal meeting of the
directors of the bank this afternoon at
which, after an examination of the secu
rities, it was the unanimous expression
that business should be resumed with as
little delay as possiole and at the same
time that the capital stock be increased
$200,000. No formal action was taken
owing to the absence of one of the
directors, but a meeting of the full board
wiil be held to-morrow and the matter vill
be regularly acted upon. At this meeting
also the list of securities as made by Com
missioner Kilburn and Secretary Duns
more will be submitted. This list shows
the bank to be as sound as indicated in the
reports heretofore published.
MOXGOLS IX A FRACAS.'
One !t Shot Through the Heart and An-
other Hill Die.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10,— Wong Man
Chee, a Chinese laborer employed on the
Laurelwood farm, five miles from' San
Jose, shot and instantly killed Yee Yuck
Nam and fatally wounded Gee Ah Sing.
The men were laborers, employed on Mr.
Agnews' seed farm.
A row occurred in the forenoon between
the three Chinamen, and Wong Man Chee,
j who did the shooting, left his work be
' cause his companions had insulted him.
When they finished their work in the
evening they returned to the Chinese
bunkhoase :ind again made insulting re
i marks. Won^ Man Chee drew a pistol
i and fired four shots, two of which took
i effect in Yee Yuck Nam. One of the
I bullets entered his heart, killing him mi
i stautly. Two other shots 'vere fired, both
I the bullets entering Gee Ah Sing's body,
I and he is expected to die before morning.
There was only on« other Chinaman
present at the time, and he is very reticent
in regard to the affair. The murderer
• came "to town and gave himself up to
i Sheriff Lyndon.
HAL-B ERST AIt f CAPTURED.
BaJcers field Officers Arreat . the :■ Santa
Clara County Jtandit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— Sheriff
Lyndon this morning received word of the
arrest of August Halberstadt, alias George
Miller, the highwayman and ex-convict
who robbed Charles Berryman of $10 on
the Los Gatos road on the evening of Feb
ruary 20, and who subsequently made his
escape from several officers in this city
after exchanging a fusillade of shots.
Halberstadt was captured at Bakersfield
by Constable Charles J. Oswald. Deputy
Sheriff Gardner at once left for Bayers
field to identify the man and bring him to
this city.
REPZBAICAX XO MI SEES.
JE. T. Main the Choice of His Farty
for Mfti/or-
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— The Re
publican City Convention met this evening
at Eintracht Hall. Judge F. E. Spencer
presided over its deliberations. The pro
ceedings were harmonious and resulted in
the nomination of the following ticket :
Mayor— E. P. Main.
Treasurer — J. N. Ewine.
Chief of Police— J. A. Kidward.
Street Commissioner — Colonel A. 6.
Bennett.
Councilmen — First Ward, C. M. Erkson;
Second Ward, J. P. Fay; Third Ward, F.
P. Montgomery; Fourth Ward, Louis
Pfau.
School Trustees— First Ward. J. R.
O'Brien; Second "Ward, E. H. Wemple;
Third Ward, W. H. Brundage; Fourth
Ward, Charles Hammond.
WITS MILITARY HOXORS.
Militiaman Joab foweU'a Body Interred
at San Jnae.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.—The'fune
ral of Joab Powell, one of the oldest mem
bers of the National Guard in this city,
was held tbis afternoon from Company
B's armory, where impressive ceremonies
were conducted. His body was buried
with military honors, the funeral proces
sion being headed by Company B and the
Fifth Regiment band.
Powell had been a member of the militia
for eighteen years. He first joined Com
pany C of Petaluma, but fourteen years
ago was transferred to Company B of this
city. At the time of his death he was
quartermaster-sergeant of Company B.
The deceased was 47 years of age and a
pioneer of this State, having crossed the
divide in 1849, when only three months old.
THE FJtAyCBISH ORAXTED.
San Jose - Saratoga Electric line JNotv
Seems Aaaured.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 10.— It is now
almost certain that the proposed electric
road between this city and Saratoga will
be constructed. The Council last evening
granted the petition for a franchise through
the city, and the same will be offered for
sale on October 14. It is not believed that
any trouble will be experienced in obtain
ing a franchise from the Board of Super
visors. Of the |42,000 bonus required by
the promoters but a few thousand are yet
to be subscribed.
STOCKTON DIRECTORS ACT
Suit to Be Brought Without
Delay Against Major Orr's
Bondsmen.
The Asylum Board Directs a Tart
Letter to Attorney.General
Fitzgerald.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 10.— The di
rectors of the State Insane Asylum are evi
dently becoming tired of the comment on
the hoard's failure to collect the amount of
ex-Treasurer Orr's shortage from his
bondsmen, and at to-day's meeting there
was some very plain talking In regard to
the matter. The original amount of Orr's
shortage was about $11,000, and this has
been cut down considerably by a revision
of the figures, but the bondsmen are still
liable for a considerable sum.
Director McDougald stated that he had
had a conversation with the Attorney-Gen
eral, in which the latter said that the only
official cognizance he had of the matter
was through a conversation between Gov
ernor Budd, Director Steffans and himself.
Yesterday Steffans had a conference
with Attorney Louttit to see if something
could not be done to hasten the bringing
of the suit for the recovery of the money
misappropriated by Major Orr, and at the
request of the director Attorney Louttit
prepared a rather tart letter to the Attor
ney-General, asking him to hasten matters
somewhat. This letter was submitted to
the directors this afternoon for their ap
proval. They believe it will have the effect
of causing the Attorney-General to author
ize Attorney Louttit to proceed against
Major Orr's bondsmen. It this authority
is given, there will be no delay about coin
mencinc the suit.
Salmon Choking the Santa Tnem.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 10.—
The report comes from the north that
salmon are running up the Santa Ynez
river in large numbers, and the prospects
are good for millions of fish this season.
This is the tirst time in many j-ears that
salmon have bred in the upper waters of
the Santa Ynez, the water usually being
so shallow in the valleys that the few fish
were speared wuen they attempted to pass.
With the railroad terminus close by,
salmon spawning up her stream and popu
lation rushing in at the rate of 100 per cent
a year, Lompoc is guaranteed a 6eason of
unusual prosperity.
_ NEW TO-PAY. ._
y fTw A toul breath in
JlF^n^fir^) one of the greatest
Jt^4U-Sf*s*y afflictions that a maa
j rtt^ "^dj^RSb^ or woma ? can aye.
\W nSisllt?* An affliction not
Ijr \ KsSjjjSa °" ly to themselves,
/ ST\. *&tvL llt to tliose w ' tn
/ <^r\ fTjj^yy whom they come in
C. 'll^ \ J»V\2fli • contact. A foul
TT^<-J V * * , J-L breath is a dreadful
/ / Jf discourager of affec-
'/ y tion, or rather of the
'•;/ j demonstration of af-
fection. It would probably be more so if
people only realized just what bad breath
means. Bad breath is one of the symptoms
of constipation. Some of the other symp-
toms are sour stomach, loss of i appetite,'
sick and bilious headache/dizziness, heart-
burn and distress after eating. These things
mean indigestion. They lead to dyspepsia
and worse things. They all start with con-
stipation, and constipation is inexcusable
because it can be cured — cured easily, ■
quickly and permanently, by the use of Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. They are a per-
fect remedy for tbis most common of all
troubles. They give to nature just the little •
help that she needs. They are very mild in
their ; action, and ' act without any violence
whatever. . In this, they are different from
many preparations offered for a similar pur-
pose. Sometimes the remedy is worse than
the disease, Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets
are mild, but . they are infallibly efficient.
i They do the work which they are intended
to do, without deranging the system in any
■ way. They not only give immediate relief,
but the benefit derived from them is per-
manent. You can stop taking ■ them by
and by and there ;is no i danger that you
will become a slave to their use. The drug-
gist .who tries to sell you f something else
just as good, "either does not know what
he is j talking about, or he makes more
money on the other thing. *If you care
more for his ' prosperity than you do ' for
; your own health, take the other thing. If
, you value your health, insist on having Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. .A free sample,-
of from 4 to 7 doses, will be sent to any
address.
-.T A copy of Dr. Pierces celebrated 1008
page book, "The Common Sense Medical
Adviser," profusely illustrated, will, be
sent free .on : receipt of twenty -one (21 ):
cents in . one cent • stamps to cover cost
of mailing only.
'■ , Address, World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, No. 663 . Main Street,
Buffalo. N. V " ■■■■ , . ' .
_ KEW TO-DAY.
UPfOR
ilf a run
*b *b •*s?
Now that the sale is drawing
to a close the crowds are getting
thicker.
Yesterday it was almost im-
possible to handle all the trade
and handle it as we would have
liked to. To-day we promise
better service — more salesmen
added. \
As many have said, it's one of
the 7 wonders. The possibility
of getting New Spring Styles at
the beginning of the season, such
clever garments and such a grand
selection, is baffling to many.
But we want to wind up our
series of sales with fitting eclat.
Just one gaze into our window
and you'll get an idea of how
great the values are.
tb *b ' • tfcr
*b *b
tb tb . tb
tb *b
tb
In our picture above we show
two very clever garments, but the
picture hardly does justice to the
clever tailoring of 'em.
Those clever Worsted Sergeß.
in blues and blacks, made in
style as shown in picture above,
just as a wind-up to all our
great sales, at
TWICE
SEVEN
(as many said
yesterday) is near-
er right for 'em.
♦ ♦ ♦
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
THE FRISCO BOYS,
aiU3,ISKEARNYST
34
JAPAN'S TRADE
WITH SAN DIEGO
Steamers to Ply From the
Southern Port to the
Orient.
•
SHIPMENTS OF COTTON.
Osaka Manufacturers Decide to
Import Direct From This
Country.
IRON FOR THE NEW NAVY-
The Mikado's Government to Patronize
the Great Tepustete
Fields.
SAN DIEGO. Cat., March 10.-For sev
eral months more or less persistent rumors
have been in circulation concerning the
purpose of the Osaka Cotton Spinning As
sociati" 1, consisting of the leading cotton
mair.ii cturers of that empire, to secure
direct importations of cotton from the
United States without going half way
around the world to buy Texas cotton in
the port of Liverpool for trans-shipment to
the Orient, .^tei'? were taken to J^nrn the
most favorable route from the c< dis
tricts to Japan by v.-ay of sonK I'aciric
Coast port, and agents of the I ninese
manufacturers have visited San Fr ncisco,
Puget Sound and San Diego obtaining this
information.
That San Diego has been definitely de
cided upon as presenting the most ad
vantages for the development of this com
merce and also in connection with the
shipment of iron ore is shown by a letter
received here from A. H. Butler, the
American agent of the Japanese associa
tion. Mr. Butler, writing to General \V.
E. Webb, owner of the great Tepustete
iron fields of Lower California, says:
"I have just shipped the first ten car
loads of cotton purchased by me through
the port of San Francisco, leaving Texas
via the Southern Pacific. I am now ar
ranging for the second shipment, which
will go via the Santa Fe to San Diego for
trans-shipment to Japan. Hereafter all
shipments of cotton to the Japanese fac
tories will be sent via San Diego."
Mr. Butler states that by this arrange
ment almost 500 miles of rail haul is saved,
and that even by trans-shipment from here
to San Francisco by coast steamers a sav
ing will result. But this method will ob
tain only while arrangements are being
completed for the sending of Japanese
steamers direct to San Diego, bringing the
wares of the East and returning with cot
ton and iron.
According to Mr. Butler, the Japanese
people chose San Diego for the reason that
a direct steamer line in connection with
the Santa Fe Railroad would reduce the
mileage for cotton shipments to a mini
mum; that the favorable climate would
permit of large operations during the
entire year, with no delays consequent
from heavy snows, ice or fogs; that this
port was the nearest in the United States
to the Tepusteteironfields, to which Japan
looked for her supply; that San Diego
presented, as well as any other port, the
facilities for handling all Japanese im
portations of tea, silk and manufactured
goods, with the additional advantage that
close connection would be made here with
vessels for Mexico and Central and South
America, with their increasing commerce
with the Orient.
The Japanese Government stands ready
to subsidize such a line, not only for the
purpose of encouraging commerce, but in
order to secure iron of superior quality to
be used in the manufacture of ordnance
and armor plate for naval vessels in that
empire. This work is projected on a
stupendous scale, the late war having
demonstrated to tne Japanese what can be
Cone by modern methods and a strong
navy, and their victories having tired the
inhabitants of the island to a stili greater
ambition.
In his letter to General Webb Mr. Butler
assures him that active steps are now
being taken to develop this field of com
merce, and to open the Tepustete iron
fields. Mr. Butler adds that the great
need of San Diego is for another Eastern
railroad connection. He believes that
such a road will come without fail, from
the force of circumstances and the natural
demand for it, but no metropolitan growth
nor maritime supremacy can be secured
without the road.
THE LAKEVILLE TRAGEDY.
Harry Maynard Arraigned for
the Shooting of Winnie
Gossage.
The Story of a Remarkable Hatred
Told by the Prosecuting
Attorney.
SANTA ROSA, Cal. March 10.— The
trial of Harry Maynard for the shooting
of Winnie Goasage is occupying the atten
tion of Jud^e Dougherty and a jury in the
Superior Court. From the opening state
ment of Prosecuting Attorney T. J. Butts
and the evidence of the witnesses for the
prosecution a remarkable story of deep
hatred and attempted vengeance is ad
duced.
Ed Phelps, who waß foreman of Senator
Fair's big ranch ir-ar Lakeville at the ■
time of the shooting in December last, be- i
came involved in a quarrel with an ex-em- !
ploye of the ranch named Collins. Tne '
latter, since leaving the ranch, had been '
keeping a saioon at Lakeville and being a
big, husky fellow had nothing to fear from j
a fair figlit with either Phelps or Maynard. !
Maynard was a warm friend of Phelps and
conceived the idea of going down to the
ranch to «assist Phelps either in making ;
peace or whipping Collins. Not having '
proven a shining successas a fighter in the ;
numerous rows be had engaged in about
Petaiuma, he induced Winnie Gossage to
po along on the pretextof taking medicine
to a sick friend. Gossage is a well-built, i
active young man who, though very good
natured when sober, *• easily induced to
fight after inbibing a few drinks, and the
theory of the prosecution is that Maynard
expected to get Collins into a row and,
with the assistance of Gossage, administer
a severe beating to him.
They arrived at the Collins saloon about \
midnight armed with a Winchester rifle, a
revolver and a pair of brass knuckles.
Collins was aroused and after some bluster
on the part of Maynarci consented to co
with his visitors to "see Phelps. The three
men entered the buggy and Collins and
Gossage soon began to quarrel. Accord
ing to the testimony Maynarci tried to
steal Collins' revolver from his pocket
during the row and Collins, becoming
alarmed, jumped from the rig and dis
appeared in the darkness.
Maynard, so the prosecution declares,
seeing that his prey Imu escaped was tilled
with rage at botli Gossage and Collins, and
in his drunken madness conceived the idea
of killing Qowaee and throwing the blame
on Collins. Gossage testifies that he had
alighted from the baggy to open a gate
and was standing near the fore wheel
when he saw a blinding flash come from
the baggy and fell to the ground uncon
scious from a rille ball through the chest.
It is said that Maynard then turned the
horse loose, and leaving his victim to his
fate, struck across the fields for home.
The wounded man, after lying for three
hours where he had fallen, managed to
reach s, barn near by, where he was dis
covered the next morning.
Dr. Gossaee of Petaluma, a brother of
the wounded man, says that Maynard
told him that the buggy was surrounded
by a band of armed men, who did the
shooting, conveying the impression that
Collins was responsible, and the District
Attorney declared in the courtroom to-day
that hati Gossage been killed that night it
would be Collins and not Maynard who
would now be on trial.
Attorney John Rogers of Petaluma, en
gaged to defend Maynard, has not yet
outlined what the defense will be.
LOS ANGELES MODEST
Witnesses Testify That Cycler
Bennett Was Attacked
by Czarske.
Stabbsd His Assailant After He Had
Been Knocked Down for the
Second Time.
LOS ANGELES, Cai.., March 10.— A Cor
oner's jury to-day rendered a verdict thnt
the death of Fred Czarske, a saloon-keeper,
who died Monday afternoon, was caused
by a knife wound inflicted by Elisha
Bennett.
According to the testimony, the killing
of Czarske by Bennett was not such a cold
blooded murder as at first reported. Tne
two most important witnesses were W. A.
Burke and Casey Castleman, the well
known bicycle riders. Burke and Caatle
man testified that they accompanied Ben
nett to Czarske's saloon Saturday evening.
They had a few drinks, and the trouble
began when the barkeeper, Czarske's
brother-in-law, vilified bicycle riders in
general. Bennett retorted in kind and
one word Jed to another until the men
became excited and Czarske took part in
the altercation.
Before the quarrel assumed a serious
phase Burke and Castleman left the sa
loon, but returned later to persuade Ben
nett to go home. As they entered they
saw Bennett on the floor, Ozarske having
knocked him down.
As he endeavored to arize Czarske struck
him three hard blows, the last again
knocking him down. Bennett regained
his feet and not heedine the request of his
friends to leave the saloon with them he
attacked Czarske witn a knife, inflicting a
fatal wound.
Burke and Castleman say neither of
them witnessed the stabbing, as both left
the saloon before it occurred. Mrs. Czarske
and her brother, who were witnesses of
the affray, both admitted in their testir
mony that Czarske struck tne first blow.
Burke and Castleman were not implicated
in the fight. They are not addicted to
drink and claim to have been perfectly
sober on this occasion. Bennett was
under the influence of liquor.
OFFICIALS AT FRESXO.
Southern Pacific Party Inspecting the
Railroad,
FRESNO, Cal., March 10.— A special
| train of four cars arrived here last night
from San Francisco with a party of South
■ em Pacitic officials who are making a tour
; of inspection of all the railway lines of
'this valley. The officials aboard are:
i Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager; C.
W. Curtis,, engineer of maintenance of
way and his assistant, J. H. Wallace; A.
• D. Wilder, superintendent of the Oakland
and Fresno division ; J. L. Frazier. super
; intendent of the coast division j D. Burk
halter, superintendent of the Fresno and
| Los Angeles division; J. 11. Muir, super
: intendent of the Los Angeles division.
The train was sidetracked and the om
-1 cials remained in Fresno during the night.
I To-day they went over the main line from
i here to Tracv, via Madera, Merc»'l and
! Modesto. Tne party will return to Fresno
! to-morrow from Tracv, via Mendota and
! Collis. They will then go to Poso, on the
; main line, 'thence to Porterville; from
! Porterville they will return to Fresno, then
; go to Pollasky and return, and thence
j south to Bakersfield. They will pass over
the Tehachapi divide on their way to Los
Angeles, Friday evening or Saturday fore
noon.
KERX COUXTT WATER SUITS.
Litigation Involving the /light to Ttoo
Large Systems.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., March 10.— The
water suit of Itankin vs. O'Brien et al.. in
volving the entire system of South Fork,
was calied up and proceeded to trial this
morning in the Superior Court. There are
sixty-nine defendants and one plaintiff,
and the rase promises to consume the un
divided attention of the court from now
until April. About 100 witnesses will be ]
examined.
On the Oth of April another and larger
water suit will come vp — the Farmers'
Canal Company vs. Simmons et al. It is
estimated that its hearing will consume
one month of the court's time. Judge
Shaw of Los Angles will be here to pre
side over its hearing. During that time
Judge Conklin will likely go to Los An
geles and hold court for him. This suit
may open up the question of water rights
in the Kern River, and equ*l the famous
contest of Miller <fc Lux vs. Haggin&Carr.
Vmniia Fatality.
VISALIA, Cal., March 10.— Andrew
Francis died tins afternoon from the effects
of a gunshot wound received accidentally
last Sunday. Francis was riding in a
wagon with the weapon leaning against
him, when it was in some manner dis
charged.
Fir* at I'erkina.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 10.— The
store of Warren Brothers, in the village of
Perkins, was destroyed by fire after mid
night this mornitig. A bucket brigade
saved the rest of the village.
Seattle Murderer Convicted.
SEATTLE, Wash, March 10.— The jury
in the case of William Carey, who killed
hi* half-breed Indian wife in December
last, to-night brought in a verdict of mur
des in the first degree. Carey is a native
of Bristol, Eng., and 28 years old.
Arrested at San hula.
SAN* LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. March
10. — Lilian Hill was arrested to-day by
City Marshal Cook on a warrant issued at
Vailejo. She is charged with enticing
young girls into disreputable houses in
that city.
If Tbocblku with Bronchitis or Asthma
try at once Dr. D. .Tayne's Expectorant, an old
established medicine ior« all Coughs, Colds aud
Lung affections.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
FAIR SANTA ROSANS WHO ARE IN THE CONTEST TO RULE THE ROSE CARNIVAL.
RACE FOR SANTA
ROSA'S THRONE
Balloting for the Queen
of the Carnival
Begins.
VOTES ARE POURING IN.
A Half-Hundred Beauties Will
Contest for the Floral
Crown.
POLITICS IS THRUST ASIDE.
Interest Now Centers in the Festival
Campaign— Some of the
Favorites.
SANTA ROSA, Cai.., March 10.— Who is
to be queen of the coming rose carnival?
This is the question of the day in the City
of Roses. The election of city officers will
be lost sight of now. The mayoralty con
test becomes insignificant as compared
with the race for a throne.
As soon as it was know n that the queen
would again be selected by popular ballot
and that for a nickel one could cast a vote
for his favorite the big ballot-box in C. A.
Wright's store became the center of at
traction and the little white envelopes
filled with Bmall change soon covered the
bottom of the box. Through the glass
side of the- box the names on many of the
ballots can be read. Among them were
those of Mrs. Thomas HopDer, wife of the
president of the Santa Rosa bank, and
Mrs. Kmmet Seawell, District Attorney
Seawell's handsome spouse. Other bal
lots contain the names of Mrs. Kirscu,
Mtb. Thompson, Miss Alice Ayers, Miss
Jennie Marshall, Miss Juanita Conley,
Miss Kate Lewis, Miss Gertie Sibbald and
Miss Annie Koch.
It is expected that there will be fully
fifty candidates in the field at the start,
for, though Santa Rosa is justly proud of
her fruit, her flowers and of her glorious
climate, the proudest boast of a proud
town is of her beautiful women. Indeed,
there is one question on which Mayor Sii
tro and Collis P. Huntington are united,
the Mayor declaring during tue last carni
val that he was born fifty years too soon,
ana the president of the Southern Pacific
of Kentucky is reported to have remarked
to Station Agent Stone, upon seeing a
crowd of Santa Rosa girls at the depot,
that he would give up all his millions and
take a position as brakeman on a freight
train if he could only be a young man and
run on the Santa Hosa branch of the
Southern Pacific.
The committee on voting consists of
Mrs. L. W. Burris, Charles 0. Duubar and
George Hail.
As the Supervisors of the county did not
seem disposed to give $100 for beautifying
the courthouse Mrs. E. F. Woodward,
Mrs. L. W. Burris and Miss Isabel Dono
van were appointed to assist the five gen
tlemen composing the original committee,
and on Friday next this irresistible com
bination will tackle the county "aads,"
and will undoubtedly make them "shell
out." Propositions to furnish music were
received from A. Roncovieri of the San
Francisco Symphony orchestra, the Mer
ced band and others, whiie those who wish
to make balloon ascessions, ride bucking
broncos and otherwise distinguish them
selves during carnival week are besieging
the several committees with propositions.
SACRAMEMO BI'ROLARY.
A Robber Cnvturrd While Looting a
lloune in Dnylitfht.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 10.— One
of the most daring daylight burglaries
ever attempted in this city occurred this
afternoon, and the culprit, who gives the
name of James Hart, is an occupant of a
cell at the City Prison, having been cap
tured in the act.
Shortly after 4 o'clock a message was re
ceived at the police station stating that
burglars were at work in the residence of
Frank Sweeney at Sixteenth and Q streets.
Night Sergeant of Police Jame3 J. Plun
kett sprang into the patrol wagon and was
driven out to the locality.
Arriving at Sweeney's house he left the
driver to guard the front entrance, and
hurrying to the rear of the residence ob
tainod an entrance and began a thorough
search of the housa. He was joined by
Driver Fitzgerald and the two went up
stairs and soon succeeded in locating the
burglar, who was secreted behind a bureau.
The officers ordered him to throw up his
hands and seeing the futility of attempt
ing resistance he surrendered. He was
handcuffed by Sergeant Plunkett, taken to
the station and locked up.
The man is evidently an old offender and
was provided with a complete kit. He is
unknown to any of the members of the
local force and evidently belongs to the
Eastern talent.
VEXTVRA COTXTT'S PROTEST.
ItrpubHraua Will Ignore the Republican
State Central Committee.
VENTURA, Cal., March 10.— The action
of the State Central Committee in calling
a Congressional convention and ignoring
the County Committee in this county has
raised a strong protest. Republicans here
will refuse to recognize the action of the
State Central Committee. N. Blackstock,
chairman of the Sixth District Congres
sional convention, appointed the regular
Congressional committee as follows: Reid
for San Luis Obisno, Taggart for Santa
Barbara and J. R. "\\ illoughby for Ventura.
Chairman Daly of t lie substitute commit
tee is looking up these members and will
go from here to Los Angeles. An attempt
to secure proxies is manifest.
THE EUREKA TRADE.
Steamship Companies to Be Requested
to Withdraw Low - Kate
Steamers.
Representatives of half a dozen organi
zations directly connected with mercantile
interests met yesterday afternoon in the
rooms of the board of Trade at 202 Market
street for the purpose of taking some ac
tion to retain the trade of Eureka which is
being diverted from San Francisco mer
chants to those of Portland, Or., through
discrimination in freights. *
The following-named organizations were
represented :
The Board of Trade— W. P. Redington of Rcfl
injrton & Co.,T. J. Parsons of the l»el Monte
MillH,
Traffic Association— W. R. Wheeler of Hol
brook, Merrill <&Stetdon, Henry Michaels of the
Laiifflcy-Michaeis Company.
Chamber of Commerce— A. L. Scott of Miller,
Sloss & Scott, and James M. Costigan of Costi
gun, Cohen & Co.
San Francisco Fruit Kxchange— Frank Dal-
ton of I)a:ton Bros.
Merchants' Association— S. Stcrnheim of '
Wagenheim, Sternheim & Co., Charles F. Run- j
yon.
Manufacturers' ami Producers' Association— ■,
A. Derning of Duckingham & Hcelit and w. |
Baker of Baker & Hamilton.
T. J. Parsons was chosen president and j
W. R. Wheeler secretary, after which the j
delegates decided to discuss the matter in
secret session.
The delegates remained in session for
more than twohoursand heard statements !
of Mr. Goodall ut the Goodnll. Perkins |
Company and Mr. O'Connor of the Uregon |
Railway and Navigation Company, who j
endeavored to justify themselves in the j
stand they have taken, and declared that it j
was not with a view to injure California
trade that the rates between Portland and
Eureka bad been cut. but for the purpose
of running off the Alice Blanchard and th«
Empire.
After the matter under discussion had
been presented in various ways a commit
tee consisting of \V. B. Curtis, manager of
the Traffic Association; A. L. Scott and T.
J. Parsons was appointed to confer with the
representatives ot the North Pacific Coast ]
Steamship Company and the Oregon Rail- i
road and Navigation Company and to re- i
quest them to withdraw their boats be
tween Eureka and Portland.
RAILROAD RATES
TO SAN RAFAEL.
Citizens in Mass-Meeting
Petition That They Be
Reduced.
BALKED B7 DIRECTORS.
President Foster Is Restrained
From Acceding to the
Appeal.
HE CANNOT TAKE ACTION.
Taxpayers Adopt Resolutions Re
questing the Companies to
Aid the Town.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., March 10.— By re
course to the courts the directors of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
prevented President Foster from taking
any action in response to San Rafael's ap
peal for a reduction of transportation rates.
Mr. Foster said at the mass-meeting held
to-night that he had been served with a
restraining order at 4 o'clock to-day. This
order he read in part as follows:
And the plaintiff further avers on his in
forraation and belief that ir is the intention
of said Foster, without regard to the wishes of
the majority of the stockholders of said com
pany, and without the authority of the di
rectors of said corporation, actually elected as
such, to make a reduction in the fares and
ireigats now charged for services rendered by
said company, and particularly in the
said fares charged for transportation of per
sons between San Francisco and the town of
San Rafael; that the fares now charged be
tween said points are insuflicicnt to pay for
the service rendered between said point!!, and
that a reduction of fares would cause the said
company to suffer a #rt j at lovs in the operation
of its road between said points; that said re
duction is against the wishes of plaintiff and
other stockholders who constitute the major
ity interest of the stockholders of said corpo
ration and against the judgment and wishes
of a majority ot the directors of said corpora
tion, who were actually elected at said annual
election; that if the said freight and fares be
now lowered and it prove that the said com
pany be greatly injured thereby it is a ques
tion of terious doubt whether the same c&n
ever be restored again.
After reading this Foster said that he
did not feel that he could talk much about
the reduction of rates, the purpose for
which the mass-meeting had been called.
When 8 o'clock, the hour for which the
mass-meeting had been called, arrived, the
opera-house was crowded; every available
seat was taken: men were standing in all
parts of the hall. Muyor McCarthy called
the meeting to order and stated the pur
pose for which it was called. He said that
if proper transportation was obtained* the
town would soon have 20,000 inhabitants.
He paid a tribute to the beautiful climate
and called attention to the fact that the
Oakland and Berkeley population was
built up by the railroads running frequent
trains at low rates.
T. C, Crowley was chosen chairman. He
believed it would be a wise act for the nar
row and broadgauge roads to reduce their
fares. This would mean a larger popula
tion and a reduction in taxation in coiise-
ijuence.
M. F. Cochran was chosen secretary of
the meeting. The first speaker called
upon— Frank Johnson— said that unless
railroad rates were lowered and the popu
lation of the town increased he did not see
how the gas or water companies could
lower rates.
Rev. Mr. Crosby eulogized San Rafael,
and favored a reduction of rates, as it
would bring people here. He said he had
seen Berkeley's and Fruitvale's popula
tions grow from hundreds to thousands,
and believed that if people could get to
San Rafael as cheaply as to those places
the town would thrive.
Fatner Lagan created considerable
amusement by declaring tnat he was sick
of hearin.: of the beauties of San Rafael,
and he believed lower rates would mean
more pew rent. Fifty-cent piece?, he said,
now look as big as cart wheels, but the
climate would not bring people here with
the present high railroad fares, and the
towntoulrt not be built up with shoddy
aristocracy. He want d the railroad to
look at the matter as a business proposi
tion. People would not pay 50 cents to
come to San Rafael to see our aristocracy
if they could go to Oakland or Berkely
more cheaoly.
J. F. Fugazi and Judge Mahon followed
and voiced the same sentiments.
Sidney V. Smith said that he favored
concerted action by the railroads and made
the assertion that he did not believe the
Donahue line was paying as was reported.
He contended that the consolidation of the
roads would mean mucli for San Rafael.
Nothing could be done until the legal com
plications were smoothed over and he asked
the people to wait until the trouble be
tween the roads was settled.
Mr. Foster then read the restraining
order, and concluded by saying that he
did not intend to see a combination of the
roads. He was interrupted by cheers.
"I have never betrayed a person's con
fidence," said he, "and i don't intend to
know any other road than the Donohue.
I intend to stay by it in the interests of
the stockholders and the people of San
Rafael. [Applause, j
After a heated speech from Frank John
son, the following resolutions, offered by
James W. Cochran, were adopted:
Whereas, In our judgment the city of San
Rafael and its immediate neighborhood are
seriously retarded In their development by
reason of the charges for transportation ov«r
our local railroads and ferries, which charges,
though not excessive in themselves, compare
unfavorably with those of other suburbs of
San Francisco; and, wh'reas, we tully believe
that the rates of 15 cents for single-trip tickets
and #3 for monthly commutation tickets would
result in a large and immediate increase in
population, far more than sufficient to make
good any loss to the railroads for such reduc
tion ; therefore, be it
Jiesulved, By the citizens of San Rafael, that
a committee of fifteen be appointed by the
chairman \>f this meeting to wait upon the
proper officers of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad Company and the North Pa
cific (oast Railroad Coinueny to present views
an<l wishes and to solicit such a reduction;
and be it further
Resolved, That should one company grant
this concession and the other refuse it, then
we hereby pledge ourselves, as far as our in
fluence goes, that we give our patronage and
support to the line that considers our request
favorably.
Struck by n Train.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— Two
Mexican section hands, one minus an arm
and the other a leg, are in the Sisters' Hos
pital in this City as the result of an acci
dent on the Southern Pacific near Beau
mont. A gravel tr;.in struck a handcar
containing a section gang. One of the
laborers had an arm cut off and another's
leg was so badiy mangled that it had to be
amputated. The others escaped with
slignt injuries. The employes are reticent
as to the cause of the accident.
T*o*o Itraervoir Completed.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., March 10.— The
storage reservoir of the Poso irrigation
district, on Poso Flat, was completed yes
terday and water from the creek turned
in. Thirty million gallons daily is flow
ing into it, and at that rate it will take six
weeks to fill the reservoir. It is rumored
that persons living on Poso Creek below
the point of diversion of its waters into
the reservoir intend to apply for an in
junction restraining such diversion.
flu ■ r^"^**^'^^^ ■
Of late nations are showing the result of the strain which has been telling upon
the world's people for the past five years. It s«ems to be a kind of universal plague
that has been cropping out in India, China. Europe and America. If this state of
things continues it is the men we will have to look to, it is the men we will have to
depend upon. Fortunately for America the vast majority of men have their own
firesides, and oven if some of these firesides are mortgaged they are none the less dear,
and men will fight- for their iiresides when they won't fkht for their boarding-house.
That brings us to the point of introducing one of the stanch men of Oregon whosfl
residence is in Newpori, Oregon, and who owns his own fireside and who knows how
to tight.
William Ennis is esteemed in Newport, and rightly 30, because all his fellows can
depend upon his word — his word is as good as his bond. When in Newport I spoke to
Mr. Ennis and he was pleased to say to me that he recommends the native remedy,
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, because from his own experience he knows it is a good
medicine and deserves high commendation. As his picture will show, he was not on
the verge of the grave, yet it is a fact that he was in need of a blood remedy, for his
blood was disordered. He felt tired and weary and unable to work as much as he
desired. He used several bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It cleansed hia
blood, regulated his liver and kidneys and put him in the condition in which he is
now in, so that he is glad to recommend Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla as a good spring
medicine.
It is a fact worth mentioning at this point that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla con-
tains no iodide of potassium or mineral drugs, and therefor- can be taken by any lady
or gentleman without expecting pimples on the face, blood blotches on the body or
uneasiness whatsoever. He or she who takes Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla will be sure
to feel better for the taking.
In the office of the Edwin W. Joy Company there are over one thousand testimo-
nials from the best of people who are now living on the Pacific Coast, and these testi-
monials are only a part of the many people who ha c praise.l the home remedy. It
is a fact of which few people are aware that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla acts on the
kidneys and liver although it contains no mercury or mineral drugs. People who are
suffering from an affection of the liver, constipation, disordered blood or spring
troubles should use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla now.
If you have decided to use the remedy, when you ask for it from your druggist be
sure he does not talk you into using something elsa. as there are yet a few druggists
who are endeavoring to substitute a cheaper remedy for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
because they make a greater profit, and while the majority of druggists are really
honorable men, there are a few who still continue to do that which is not right.
Therefore when you ask for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla be sure you get it.
WILL TRY TO
ENTER SONORA.
Santa Teresa de Cabora's
Followers Are Closely
Watched.
ARE NOW IN EL PASO.
Believed to Be Perfecting Final
Arrangements for the
Invasion.
YAQUIS EAGER TO REVOLT.
Claim Their "Saint" Is Being Perse
cuted by the President of
Mexico.
yOGALES, Abiz., March 10.—Informa
tion has just been received here from El
Paso, Tex., that Lauro Aguirre ami Flores
Chapa are in that town, presumably mak
ing linal arrangements to come to Nogalea
to enter Sonora and organize their revolu
tionary party. The men are being watched
there, and if they attempt to leave the
United States with an armed body of men
efforts will be made to stop them.
It wa? rumored late last nignt that
Aguirre was in Xogales. Sonora, in hiding
and the Mexican officials searched several
houses for him. The officials no longer
doubt that an attempt will be made soon
by these persons to get across the line into
the Yaqui country, where they can get all
the fighters they want. They claim that
President Diaz and his administration are
robbing them of tbeir land, wliich is the
best in the State of Sonora. Large tracts
of land claimed by the Yaquis have been
granted to foreign syndicates for coloniza
tion purposes, and this was the cause of
the last revolution, which has just been
quelled.
These Indians also believe that in the
exiling of Santa Teresa de Cabora she ia
being persecuted and they are willing
to fight to restore her to Mexican
citizenship and get her property back,
property she was not allowed to dispose of
nor even to take along her personal effects
in her flight to the United States three
years ago.
A Mexican laborer who resides on the
American side of the line at this place
made remarks last night in favor of
Aguirre and his followers and was prompt
ly locked up by the Mexican officials, but
was released this morning through the ef
forts of his American employer. Another
company of gendarmes arrived last night
from the south, to be ready for any inva
sion of Mexican territory by the revolu
tionists.
Fort Itoufflna Officer Retires.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 10.— Colonel
and Brevet Bripadiei-'Teuerat William H.
Penrose, for some years colonei^)f the Six
teenth United States Infantry s'Jftioned at
Fort Douglas, this State, retired from the
service to-day after thirty-five }jtirs of ac
tive service. Colonel Penrose i^ucceeded
by Colonel Tbeacker of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry.
WILLIAM ENNIS.
HENRY TILLMAN.FAVORITES BOWLED OVER
Candelaria the Lone First Choice
to Pass the Wire in
Front.
TWO VERY CLOSE FINISHES.
Eddie Jones on Midlo Outfinished
Garner Astride the Prohibitive
Favorite Mobalasca.
The racing was replete with surprises at
Ingleside yesterday. Two very hot fav
orites in the bettinc, Treachery and Mobal
osca, were beaten out in close finishes,
casting a shadow of gloom over the camp
of short-priced books that was difficult to
dispel. Candelaria, a promising two-year
old, was the only winning favorite through
out the day.
The first disastrous tumble the talent
received, the defeat of Treachery, conld be
blamed to overconridence on the part of
his rider, Mackhn. Starting a 3 to 5
chance for the second event on the card, a
seven-furlong run, Macidin waited too
long in the stretch on the 20-to-l-shot
Amatus, with Si McClain up, and in a
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Cltty-third Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Tuesday, March 10.
r iß96. Weather Fine. Track Good.
1 O FIRbT'itACK-Four furlongs; two-year-olds: conditions; allowances; purse f4OO.
10.
Bt.
' Va
3 X
I Str.
Betting.
Op. CI.
Index.;
Horse and weight.
791 Candelaria 110 6 !
729 LadyLaurelwood.loo 3
769 Investigator 111. .100 7
652 The Sinner 105 4
807 George Palmer.... Li'S j 2 ....
813 Vivo 104 1
791 Philip H 108 8
807 (Pink Smith 1081 5 j
729 The Roman 103; 9 '
!
; !
;
4h
2 1
H 1j
1 3
76
54
6h
84
9
' 44
'2 2
3 2
II
13
5 Vi
7 10
8 10
9
i
Iy% Griffin
2 i a E. Jones
3h T. Sioun .......
■4 2 Pryce
5 5 Macklin.
6 5 Coady
710 PigEOtt
820 Garner
9 Cochran
3-5
10*
3
•
6
15
10
20
30
. 85
8
6-2
*
10
40
40
100
100
!
I I
"Bt»7tinp-Kate used. Won handily. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c, by imp. Midlothian-Co-
:p. Ti hi pled with Investlgaior 111. Time, -.49.
1 Q SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; tnree-y ear-olds: allowances; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight, ft.
ndex. I norse, age, weight. j St. Vi Va Vi &*■*•
Afflatus f19|~3~ 3_£ 3Va 11 13
811 [Treachery 100 4 43 43 46 3Va
803 Douutful" 100 j 9 Hj lU 2 1 72.
793 I Governor Budd... 100 \ 1 2 9 3 2 3Va 4 6
802 Globe 100 6 6 6 6% J 8
663 Carrie V 98 5 5 3 5 1 16 I 6
Vi
Bettine.
Op. OL
In
2 4
3 4
£3
6
i
jMacklin '
Coohran
;H. Martin i
Slaughter i
I Garner |
! 8
6-5
3-5
7
i l5
1 5
15
7-10
3
8
50
20
Siarti
ne, 1 :°.
:e used. Won driving.
Winner. W. D. Randall's eh. f., by imp. Inverness-Affinity.
tIA THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap: purse ?600.
r.dex. Horse, age, weight.
ndex. ! Horse, age, weight. , St. i* Va ! 3 * I Btr - I Fln - JocKeys.
■ i I ;
(869) ! Ed Kearney. 5.... 113 6j 4 2 4h 3Va 42" 1% T.Sloan
809 Wyoming,? 89 4 3Va 3 b *2 3Va 24 E.Jones
761 1.0-ran.a. 113 1 2 _ lh lh l!h 3V, :;hiei«Js
773 lnstnllator.4 11« 3 lh 2 lVa 21 lh 43 Griffin...
665 Pej.per,4 108 3 6 6 ti 62 66 \\ . Martin...
73« GileaJ, 5 104 5 SU 5 3 5h | 6 | 6 ICoady '
Betting.
Op. CL
3
6
5
3-2
3
20
5-2
7
8
2
4
60
Starting-«'ate used. Won easily. Winner. Geo. E. Smith's eh. h., by Tom Ochiltree-Medusa. Time,
1:4281. -
nf)i FOURTH RACE— One mile; selliDg; purse $400.
Index. Korse, age, weight. S:
Vi
1
Vs
Betting.
Op. Ul.
78tJ Habe Murphy, 4.. 97 4 6 5 8
BU9 Thornhili,s 106 1: 31 S '_'
sOo KowHisky. 3 91 5 ' 2Va 1 2 h
761 St. Let-. 3 94 3 i 5 h : 4h
SO6 Kortuna. 5 101 '2 1 h | IVa
79a DchessMilpitas,4. 97 6 4h 6
31 1 h
i 4 IV2 6 5
1 Mi - 2
54 4i/,
5* 8 I',1 ' ,
6 6
I IVa Cochran
I 2 2 T. Sloan,
I 3 1 Garner
! 4*2 IK. Jones
! 610 Pigeott.
! 6 Hewitt.
4
6
8-5
2
8
40
3
5
9-5
5-2
12
100
.Startinß-ifate used. Won cleverly. Winner, L. Ezell's b. f., by Ellas Lawrence-Princess Glenn.
ime, l;H'si.
K^tTH KACE-Six furlongs; selling; conditions; parse $400.
Index.
Worse, age, weight, i Bt.
Va
(806) Midlo. 3 96J 3
SOP !Mobs.lasca, 3 100 6 .
(802) ' San Marco, 3 99; 6
776 (Huntsman, 5 110 4 •••
809 nice L, 4 110 1
888 Rppeater, 4 105 7
643 Zoolein, a 11l 2 '..
802 tPodlra. 6 108 8
12
7h
*%
31
6 1
7 10
6h
8
12
2 6
42
31
51
6 3
7 10
• 8
1 1
25
3%
4>. 2
6-1/2
65
7 10
8
1 h
26
35
4 2
54
64
74
8
!E. Jones i
Garuer ;
Cochran j
<oa4y
H. Martin 1
Hewitt I
J. Chorn :
Fell !
I 3
2-3
i 5
20
20
50
1 15
! 40
8
7-20
4.0
100
40
260
40
600
Starilng-gaie "*ed. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's b. g., by imp. Midlothian-Electric
Light. Time 1:151,4.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleslde Track.
In races where the horses have do record at the distance to be run the records at th* next nearest
<lglar.ce are iriven.
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m.. mile; f., furlong; », about.
M '.'. 'ionlon 104 no rec
807 Viking 109 no rec
813 iWieland 104 no re<-
804 sweet Liberty., mi no ret-
Brerewood 101 no rec
Inflammator.... 104 no rec
729 Seven Up 101 no rec.
677 The Kid 101 now
Aunt Jane filly . 101 no rec
Sister Slodred.. 105 no rec
Tora del Sierra.. 110 no rec
641 Early Notice.. .101 no rec.
Name.
Best j
Lbs record. Dist.
Lb 3
....
....
1....
Tk. ! Owner.
.... H. T. Griffin
.... O. W. Wright
La Siesta farm
Oakland stable
\!ma Dale stable..
J-^jn wood stk farm .
J. Robbins
.... ll. Floyd
.... D. A. Honig
California stable...
Z.Abrahams
.... BurnsiWaterhouse
iTremont-Blue Belle
Heraid-Eileena
i imp. Chesterfield-Harriet
Torso-Santa Rita
Bramble- Pottery
Imp. Brutus-Arlola
Imp.Calvados-VirginiaDare
Red Iron-Viola
St. Andrew- Aunt Jane
Ij>.sirModred-SU-toJ Dougls
El Rio Key- Valeric
Take Notice-Karly Rose
Pedigree.
....
....
....
....
....
I- ...1
BECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling.
(728)
770
800 !
645
800
815 <
675 !
603 :
711-
-749 i
746
752
800
802
800
741 I
803 j
'Duchess i
Road Warmer..:
! Leila 8
Middleton
Minnie I j
I Fleet
Starling
' Harry Lewis
• Claude Hill ■■
Hiram Argo
Myron ;
The Judge......
GODdola
Ruinart
Chinook :
Candor
George C |
| Best !
Lbs record. ' Dist.
; Best ,
Lbs record.' Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
i 96 1:01 »i 5 i 91 F.. J. C. Humphreys... iEd Corri(jan-Char!otte
i 98 1:01 5 f 108 F.. B. Edsall Frank fthoades-Belle
112 l:O3Vi 5 f 132 F.. A. H. Enos...: Ironwood-Jennle Mack
114 1:1214:5% t 108 U.. J. White.. Warwick-Lady Middleton
112 1 :02V* ft i 100 F. W. Singleton Regent-by Cariboo
114 .... Welcome stable.... llermese-L'nknown
112 • J. Fly Day Star-Larinienta
114 J. Middox.* j Versailles-Coasin Kate
: 98 1:02V2 5 f ,90 P.; J. G. Brown &Co 'Imp. Deceiver-Useful
114 1:08% 5% f 109 F.. B. Schreiber 'imp Saxon-Gold Basis
110:l:08V 6i,- 2 1 91 F.. I. Ramsdell....' Ip.Midlothian-by Great Tom
117ll:llV2 5% f 120 11.. Z. Abrahams....... Imp. Loyalist-British Queen
112 1:028,4" 5 t 105 F. W. P. Fine Frank Rhoades-Della
105 no rec A. Ashe .'.'..' St. Carlo-Queen Alta '
108| i William Dlxon Imp. Blackbird 11-Charlty
10811:42 lm 109 F.. F. Pnillips..... limp. Darebin-M)ss Clay
; 98 1:10 ;5% t 8!) F,. J Garretty Bramble-Lady Lou
THIRD RACE— Seven furlougs; handicap; three-year-olds.
Index.
Beat i
Lbs record. Dist. ; Lbs Tk.
Pedigree.
pi-? Kamsin 118 1 :27V 4 7 f 95F... L. Ezell Blazes-Miss Hall
809 Sir Va<sar 11911:89% 7 f ' 9K F... H. F. firiftin Sir Dixon-Vassar
mi Sam I cake ... 108 1:1(5 6f 110 it.. A. B. Spreckels Imo. DurPhin-Carrie C
69" Fireman i 86 l:o4ii 5f 100 11.. Kirn wood stock fin. Imp. Brutns-Ariola
7SO Red Pike. HS 1 :')9 SV» f 93 F...'8. schnMber i George Kinney-Entreaty
794 Benham I 85 1 :13V2 6 f 100 F... C. Dougherty iKlambeau-Gerhardine
FOURTH RACE— One and a fourth miles; hurdle.
Index.
Best i
Lbs record, j
Dist. :
f I
Lbs Tk.
Name.
Bin .... Luck ........ 1155 1:6714 1 m 144 11.. I). C, Hlldreth.... ; Dick Whlitlnston-Lncknow
"q" The Lark' ... 155 2:461 IVi m 136|F.. J. T. Clifton Wildldle-by Monday
• 707 Silverado.. 134 2:033/ i 1 1-ISm 130 H.. . E. C0rr1gan....... Ruiherford-Josle C
<-»« Red Will 132 no rec O.F.Johnson Jim Gore- War. Banner
«1° Arctic " .. 130 1 2:20V4 I 1 * m 14C F. . Welcome stable.. Kobson-Grtenieaf
Wo»-!n'lo 180 A. G. BlaKeley,... Billet-Lottie
"'bid' Esperance 126 2:49 ;ii/im 124 F. .T. A. Tobin Alla-Mother Hubbard
V]fl>i RACE— One and a quar;er miles; selling.
Index.
i Best
: Lbs reco rd.
Dist. JLbs'
l
Tk.
Pedlirree.
", . „,, rtnnt " 10'J 2:36 1 1 -, m 106 F...C Parker Imp. London-Cameo
tnr Kirtlla 100 1:42 1 m 100 F... O. Appleby Peel-Faustine
£V" ' ', " 115 I:4gi4 1 1-ltlm US F... Sycamore stable ... iSu Saviour- Mistake
ay" Thornhlii" 10. r »2:on 1V« m 98 li . . T. Lundy Imp. Cheviot-P. Anderson
oi^ VinJ-t.i 115 1:391/4 lm 111 F... Elmwood stck farm Imp. P.rutus-Mollie H
°l! i ovaV^i 116 1:47% I 1-yJm 111 F... Burns & Wat erhseWildidle- Free Love
RACE- Six furlongs; Belling; light welter-weights.
Index. I
' Best
Lbs record.
RWH
'■ DUt. |
j Lbs Tic.
Pedigree.
am*.
TniurUprx-icß 138il:'-'0i/4 Gf 104 H.. S. C. HUdreth...... Imp. Woodlands-Lady's Md
£?,? Sff H 2fi 13Sil :4*234 1 m 105 F... Almona stable^.... A lta-Dizzy Blonde
-q« rn^rtainVy".!! 188 1 :16% 6 ' 110 F... C. K. Murray Emperor-Quandary
hu< \\ ! er 'V • '"' If4| - »6iA *V 4 * HIS -F. McDerraotU..... Imp. Tru.Jtriton-i.illy 8
g O- ? ,-iiimnni "■ -121 1 •H s /i!- >V2 f 102 Fa. Lono 5tab1e......... Three Cheers-hua W
sii 5«-fr?l?S,p 119 ICB 5V ! 91 J-... Burns* Watrhonse Flambeau-Imp. • a!ry Rose
811 Bravv -cm " 135 1:18 6f 105 11.. B. t-chrieber..:..... Ip-Midlothlan-Heln Scratch
- BY KNTH BACK— Five_furlong»: aellinp.
Index. I
801 Miss Ros?
783 Ea5e1......
HOO Jack Atkins...
797 Salisbury II
766 Sew Moon
734 Gro. Dicic«.'n»on.
764 Tim Murphy.. •
81 Moll'.f It
(1830) Mi. Air..;.......
(770) Crawford..:..;.'.
M Last Chance ...
Mil l'hiloruena
785 M0de1......
808 Levena C "..
(803) Artist...... ....
631 ,i.ojin Hood L..
Name.
I I IJes l, I
Lbs record.
96 1:16% 6*
100 :5« i Vam-
-98 1 :06 i/ 2 it
101 1:02 Si ■
96 I:UM &ht
[ 117 l:o3y* \\\
114 1:00 6f
JOS 1:081/2" *%* ;
118 1:12 ,*6f
114 1:08 v •*»«
114 1:00% ft*
108 1:043,4 Sf
; 108 1:021/4 5*
112 1:01% 6*
117 1:17 «f v
117 1:11 °Vi«
I ) I
Lbs Tk. | Owner. , Pedigree.
103 V... W. H. Gr11nn.......... Ip. Rosslngton-Virg. Dare
108 F... Wood! awn stable Ben All-Ezza
92 H. J. P. Atkin. .......... Recent- Misadie
122 F... Kurns A Waterhouse. Kacine-Imp. Flirt
95 11.. W.D. Randa11....... ; Hyder Aii-Namonia
109 F... Vlci stable G. Dudley- J. Miner Mare
10!) 1F... White <fc Clarke...... Jp. Kv.-le" Dalt\v-Ma*?!e R
102 <•"... J. Hobbins ............ jimp. Mariner-Cantenac
i -98 F... W. P.. Dodd ... ... Imp. Brutus- YonnffJule
101 F... Antrim 5tab1e....... Apacbe-Kroma Lougtteld
107 F... Oakland stable Duke Norfolk-Vedette
130 n.. W.B. 5ink...:........ Hlniyar- Last Ban
104 F... California stable...... Imp. Sir Modred-Gypsy * ;
98 F...! J. Carrolls .... Ansel-Miss Goodrich
109 Fa. C. 0i1man...!........ Imp. Darebin-Hirondelle
Mia,.|N. a Jiai1............ Forrester- Jlaratftaa
Owner.
hard drive wa9 beaten out the shortest of
heads. Two more jumps and the race
would have gone to the favorite. i
The unexpected downfall of E. Corrigan s
Indian named filly Mobalqsca in the last
race at six furlongs" was a still greater sur
prise. At post time the best price offered
in the ringagainet the filly was 7 to SO.
Speculators confined their investments lor
the most part in pickin? a place n ?" c -
Ediie Jones on the second choice, Midlo,
struck out in front when the barrier was
. raised, rating along handily with a two
i lengths lead over the favorite as the
stretch for home was reached. Garner
began riding the odds-on cuoice hard a
furiong from the wire, but founa himself
unabie to get up, for in a very exciting
drive Jones outtinished him. getting the
! verdict by a scant head. San Marco, a L's
■ to 1 sbot,*ran a good race, h"nishing"third.
The two-year-olcis were the first to sport
silk, nine of <hem starting in a half-mile
da«h. Although showing up well in his
previous races, Candelaria was allowed to
recede in the betting until 7 to 5 was ob
: tamable. The Sinner and Investigator HI
commanded second call in the betting.
Investigator 111 and La<iy Lmirelwood set
a merry i>ac<\ leading the heid into the
streich'and for a time it looked as though
the favorite would be unable to make, it.
He passed tne two leaders, however, a six
teenth from the wire, and at the end won
i easily by three parts of a length, with
Lady Laurelwood finishing in the place.
The'winner covered the distance in 49 sec
i onds. .
Tnere were six starters in the mile
i handicap. The Elmwood stock farm's
1 good little horse, Installator. carrying top
1 weight, 114 pounds, ruled a slight favorite
at 9to 5, but did not run his usual good
1 race Considerable coin went in on Pep
i per at threes and the lightweight of the
' party. Wyoming, at 8. The favorite,
' closely accompanied by Logan and Wy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
oming, made all the running the first part
of it, the trio swinging into the stretch on
nearly equal terms. Installator and Logan
soon had enough and gave it up to Wyom
ing. Sloan on Ed Kearney made his run
a furlong from the wire and in a mild sort
of a drive headed the lightweight past the
linishine post by half a length in 1 :42%.
Old Logan was a fair third.
The mile selling event saw another fa
vorite go down. Kowalsky with 91 pounds
up was picKed to win, going to the post 9
to 5, with St. Lee and Babe Murphy fan
cied in the order named. The 12 to 1 out
sider, Fortuna, headed the field to the
turn into the backstretch, where Kowalsky
passed her. Thornhill ran second to the
first choice until nearing the far turn,
where he fell back. Cochran on Babe
Murphy now made his move, and as the
stretch was reached was but a head back
of the favorite. Cochran there let out an
other link and his mount shot to the front
and was winning easil}', when Thornhill
came fast and nearly stole the race, Babe
getting past the wire but half a length in
front of the bald-faced horse. Kowalsky
finished in the show.
F. CARR AND BRAW SCOT
The Favorite California Jockey
Will Be Seen in the Saddle
To-Day.
A Rare Attraction for Ladies' Day at
Ingleside — Seven Well-Filled
Events on the Card.
This will be "ladies' day" at Ingleside
track. Asa special attraction a six-furlong
dash under light welter-weight conditions
was arranged, and it will mark the re
appearance in the saddle of the old-time
favorite jockey, Felix Carr, who will have
: elix Carr, the Popular Jockey, Who Will Ride Braw Scot To-Day— Ladles' Day—
at the Ingleside Track.
[From a photograph by Bushnell.]
the leg up on Braw Srot. One year ago
Felix and the honest gray gelding were
the idols of the California turf, the colored
chap getting him home in front race after
race. Felix has now grown too heavy to
ride in ordinary events, and is devoting
his time to learning the art of training.
The admirers of the crack rider will no
doubt turn out in full force to-day.
The card is a grand one, comprising
seven well-filled events at various dis
tances. Additional cars will be run for the
accommodation of the fair sex, and the
management expect to see the largest
crowd of the meeting in attendance.
Charley Kingsley, the bookmaker, at
tended the races yesterday. Mr. Kingsley
says that he is not connected with the
poolrooms on Leidesdorff street that
opened on Monday.
Louis Ezell's mare, Babe Murphy, re
ceived a "boost" after winning the mile
selling event. Entered to be sold for $400,
she was bid ud to $1000, her owner retain
ing her.
Si McClain was said to have received
$500 from one bettor for winning with
Afflatus.
Ed Kearney appears to be regaining his
old Eastern form. He won very handily
yesterday.
Installator seemed to have speed in re
serve until straightened away for the wire,
when he stopped badly.
Accompanied by Officer Holbrook of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, Dan McCarthy of white-hat fame
will leave this morning for Grayson to
look after his starving horses, now at pas
turage on the land of J. M. Canty. If mat
ters are as bad as have been reported,
steps will be taken to prosecute Canty for
his inhuman cruelty, and a heavy damage
suit will also result.
OSTERFELD'S INFORMATION.
He Is Suing fur the Amount He Thinks
It Is Worth.
Henry E. Osterfeid has brougnt suit
against Wells, Fargo & Co. to recover
$7400, due as a reward for information he
gave the company.
The information he gave led to the
arrest of Charles Harm, who was supposed
to have robbed the express company of
$75,000 by holding up a train in Yolo
County on October 11, 1894.
Thirty thousand dollars was received
from Harm, and Osterfeld claims his
agreement was that he should get 25 per
cent of the amount recovered. He was
given $100, and now he is suing for $7400
more, the balance he claims is due him.
Smith Sues Again.
Sidney V. Smith has commenced suit for an
injunction restraining the new directors of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad from
reducing the fares to and from San Francisco
and .San Rafael, and also from exercising any
authority whatever until his suit, tiled a few
days ago, has been decided.
To-night the tight between the light
weights— Jack '; McAulifle, who has for so
long held the championship, and George
Lavigne, who has beaten nearly every one
in his class— will take place in New York.
If you want to find out just how the tide
of battle is eoing, how the fight stands at
the end ■: of each round, drop around to
Harry Corbett's new place at 30 ; Ellis
street.: He is going to have a 'direct "wire
from the ringside, over which will be sent
a description of every blow struck. Pools
on the fight will be sold, as well as on the
Sharkay-Greggains match that takes placa
in this City to-morrow night.
Mr. Corbett has recently decided to open
his place ana will make a specialty of sell
ing cool, sharp beer to thirsty, patrons at 5
cents v glass. Of course you can eet any
other sort of ? a drink you want. But the
chief attraction ?., will be his bulletins 'on
every important sporting event.
FAVORS THE NEW CHARTER
Several of Its Strong Points
Warmly and Ably Advo
cated.
VIEWS OF J. RICHARD FREUD.
Instances of the Advantages to Be
Gained by the Adoption of the
Document.
J. E. Freud has somethine to say about
the proposed new charter, and embodies
his views in the following terms:
San Francisco, March 10, 1895.
To the Editor of the Call— Sir: There appears
in to-day's Call an article entitled, "Views on
the New Charter," containing an interview
with John M. Reynolds relative to the question
of municipal ownership of public utilities.
The article contains a number of fallacies and
misstatements that require correction.
The doctrine of municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities is by no means novel. It is one
that has been tried in the various cities of the
Old World as well as the New World. It has
generally been found successful and to sub
serve the best interests of the public at larsje.
It is. therefore, needless to argue as to the
nieri'. or feasibility of the doctrine. It will be
found, however, that in all cases where the
principle of municipal ownership has been rut
into actual practice, the safeguards provided
have been most carefully guarded. Laws have
been invariably passed to protect the people
in the matter of municipal ownership. It is
proper that such should be tne case, for in car
rying out the principle of municipal owner
ship the people in reality transfer their sover
eignty in this vital matter to their representa
tives.
There are two things absolutely essential to
the successful execution of the doctrine of mu
nicipal ownership of public utilities. The first
is a safe and sure method of raising the neces
sary municipal bonds for the purpose. The
second is the proper means and necessary ma
chinery to carry out the project.
As to the proposition of bonding the City for
needed a;id permanent improvements, the
constitution of the State of California, as well
as the present consolidation act of this City,
prescribe certain restrictions and limitations.
It should al.sp be carefully remembered that
the legality of issuing municipal bonds in this
City is by no means certain. Opinions of those
well versed in the subject differ, and the valid
ity of such an issue would have to be submit
ted to the Supreme Court of the State. It has
been held by a number of prominent jurists
that an issue of municipal bonds by the City of
Han Francisco under existing laws would be
held to be unconstitutional by the courts.
As to the proper means and necessary ma
chinery for successfully carrying out munici
pal ownership of public utilities at the present
time there can be no difference of opinion.
Under present laws and conditions it would
certainly prove most unwise to make the at
tempt. To throw the question of municipal
ownership of public utilities into the hands of
the present officials under present conditions
would be to risk ihe entire success of the prob
lem. It is in this dilemma that the proposed
new charter comes to the relief of those who
sincerely believe in the principle of municipal
ownership.
The new charter not only furnishes the nec
essary machinery, but even points out the
proper course for the successful execution of
the doctrine oi municipal ownership of public
utilities. Articles XIV, section 16 of the new
charter provides for the issuance of bonds by
the City ior permanent public improvements
in accordance with article XI, section 18 of
the constitution of California, as amended in
1892. Under this provision the legality of
issuing bonds by the rrunicipality becomes a
certainty. This section provides that the ques
tion may be submitted to the qualified electors
by an affirmative vote of not less than nine
members of the board. The other portion of
the section is simply a repetition of the present
constitution of California, article XI, section 8,
as amended in 1892, and the act of the Legis
lature commonly known as "the municipal in
debtedness act." It thus appears that the only
difference between the present laws governing
this subject and the new charter is in the re
quirement of one additional vote in the Board
of Supervisors to determine the question sub
mitting the proposition to the qualified elec
tors of the City and County.
The great advantage, however, gained by the
provision in the new charter relative to the
issue of bonds is that it makes the legality of
such an issue an undisputed question. The
new charter, when adopted, will supplant all
present laws governing the City and County of
San Francisco that maybe inconsistent with
it. Of course, the constitution of the State, as
well as the constitution of the United States, is
paramount.
One of the strongest points presented by the
new charter in favor of municipal ownership
is in affording the necessary machinery by
which the principle can be put into successful
execution. There is no case on record where
municipal ownership has been put into suc
cessful practice in any city in the United
States that has done so without a board of
public works or a special commission with
similar powers. In a very few cases the at
tempt has been made to adopt municipal own
ership without this necessary macninery, and
it has equally proven abortive or resulted in
the immediate creation aud inauguration of a
new city charter.
The new charter proposed for this City fur
nishes tne proper means and necessary ma
chinery for carrying out the principle of mu
nicipal ownership in article 11, chapter 1, sec
tion <>4, and article VI, chapter 1, section 8.
The intention of those who made the two
separate provisions upon municipal ownership
in the new charter clearly points to the con
clusion tnat the estimates of value as made by
the Board of Puolic Works "shall be submit
ted" to the voters.
In conclusion it must be apparent to any
one who will study the foregoing provisions in
the new charter with care and fairness that
the proper method and necessary machinery
are clearly and certainly provided for carrying
out practically and efficiently the various pur
poses advocated in the doctrine of municipal
ownership of public utilities. The inference
therefore must be drawn that any one who
will persist in attacking the proposed new
charter upon such fallacious grounds does so
without regard for its provisions or the inten
tions of its framers. The sincere advocates of
municipal ownership are now confronted with
a splendid opportunity of having their cher
ished doctrine carried out in the successful
adoption of the proposed new charter. It be
hooves them as well as all citizens oi this
, municipality, under whatever political, con.
mercial or social banner they may be enrolled,
who are in favor of a better system of munici
pal government for San Francisco, to come to
gether at the present time and work in unison
for the final adoption of the new charter.
J. KICHARD FKEtT).
OLYMPIC CLUB SPORTS.
Prizes That Will Be Given for the Box-
ing Tournament— The Sprinters.
The Olympic Club has posted notices in
its rooms that entries for the boxing tour
nament which will be held in May will
close at 10 o'clock on the evening of the 27th
inst. The prizes are a $35 medal or watch
and training expenses, which will amount
to $65, for first, and a $25 medal and $25
training expenses for second. The tour
nament is open to all bona tide amateurs,
and the weights are heavy, middle, light,
feather and bantam. Director Short states
most emphatically that no entries will be
received after the 27th inst.
The wrestling tournament will com
mence on the evening of the 31st inst, and
judging from the number of athletes who
are now in training for the bouts the con
tests will be well worth seeing.
Tho first of a series of athletic games,
for which valuable prizes will be offered,
will take place at the club's outdoor
grounds on April 5.
Director Short said last evening that the
leading gymnasts, club-swingers and
swimmers of ttie club will be present at
the opening of Sutro baths on Saturday
evening, and will give exhibitions for the
edification of the public.
THE TEACHERS ORGANIZE
Educational Club Instituted by
John Swett Is Given New
Life.
First General Meeting Held Last Night
in the Mercantile Library
Building.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club, or
ganized t>y Professor Swett in May, 1893,
has recently been reorganized on an en
tirely new basis with a new constitution.
The club has already enrolled over seventy
members and ha 9 a comfortable amount of
money in its treasury. Large and hand
some rooms have been secured
in the Mercantile Library building
on the corner of Golden Gate
and Van Jsess avenues. The rooms will
be provided with a library of books most
valuable to teachers, and they will furnish
a place wtiere, after school hours, teachers
may congregate and discuss matters of
education for mutual benefit. The rooms
will be a headquarters for all those engaged
in the pedagogic profession.
The officers of the club are: William E.
Blanchard, president; Mrs. L. K. Burke,
vice-president; Miss M. E. Keating, secre
tary; Miss H. H. Spalding, director; A. E.
Kellogg, director; Miss J. H. Cahalin,
treasurer, and Silas A. White, librarian.
Last night was held the first general
monthly meeting.
There was a discussion of the proposi
tions contained in the report of the com
mittee of ten appointed by the National
Educational Association to examine into
and suggest methods of teaching pupils of
the grammar and elementary grades, as
follows:
The logical order of topics and branches.
Svminetrical— Whole ol studies in the world
of human learning.
Psychological symmetry— The whole mind.
Correlations of pupil's course of study with
the world in which he lives — his spiritual and
natural environment.
The meeting was opened by a few re
marks from Mr. Blanch ard in which he
explained that the report was really an
outgrowth of the work commenced by the
committee of ten outlined by the X. E. A.
and embodies the work of i9O men, the
object of their labors being the cultivation
of the studies in elementary education.
Professor Clark of the Lowell High School
led the discussion. He briefly outlined
the manner in which the subject should be
treated and prepared the way for the six
months of discussion the club intends to
devote to this subject.
Silas W. White stated that he believed
the teacher bore the same relation to his
superior officer in the profession as the
captain did to the general in the army.
Mrs. Burke in the course of her remarks
said that she thought arithmetic was in
troduced too soon in the schools, and that
it would be a wiser thing if teachers
would cease trying to force studies on
children at 6 years old which they could
acquire with almost no tuition one year
later. The club extended the courtesy of
honorary membership to the Board of
Education, which compliment the board
returned by accepting it with a rising vote.
Last evening Professor John Swett was
elected an honorary member by a unani
mous, rising vote, as also were Professor
J. H. Allen, Professor E. E. Brown and
Professor T. P. Bailey of Berkeley and
Professor Earl Brown, Professor Hudson
and Professor Pease of Stanford.
NEW TO-DAT.
ootTbaby boy kow.
Happiness in a Southern Man's
Home.
Heed the Red Flag of Danger at the
Railroad Crossing— A Warning
to America's Men.
— — — —
.■^«~, "For twenty-six
-r&trffr^JK . .4 years I have used
"^TOJJf • >jf tobacco in great
/C quantities, and of
fi^ < Tgß& / late years took to
B &liP/4l adcigare tte-smok-
_/7j i_ Y^-*>f ing," writes Mr. W.
X \i^TL^\.- E - Simpson ofLe
//n • (<z!-x-~~ \ - Compte, La. " I
t/AW I- l\ " = — : ~ = \g^ • want to go on'.rec-
v *j| j.fjk. - -""Tv ord that tobacco
•■■"/ I I l^i r S"—. "^; has robbed me of
*J JL ' J^ • «^ many years of life
1 A.\Pf *fc-«. w and a great deal of
\K \<v>' r?s**. 'happiness. I realize
i» 14r5 f m^ mm it now as I compare
1F LH' l mv feelings .. and
111 YsH> ». my condition with
If VsSt tnat of a Tear ag0 '
if If Is?' when I was a to-
V . bacco-satu rated
cigarette fiend.
"Many and many a time did I try to quit
smoking myself into eternity, but I could not
put through : a day without suffering extreme
nervous torture, which would increase hour
by hour till finally, to save myself, as it seemed,
from almost flying to pieces, I had to light the
little white pipe-stick and swallow the smoke. *
r "One day I read in my paper 'Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke Your Life Away,' just : what I
was doing. It came to me like the warning of
the man who waves the red flag of danger at
the railroad crossing, and said that No-To-Bac 1
was an absolutely guaranteed relief from to-
bacco slavery. • ■ •. -> : -■■ ■ ... :
"I did not believe it, but like a drowning,
man grasping at a straw I commenced taking
No-To-Bac. ..-■■..;..•.:...-.■;.;. ;, '.. ( -.._
"Tho effects were magical. It destroyed the
nerve-craving and desire for cigarettes. Two
boxes, would you believe it? made me well and
strong, j ■■ - " ', ' ■:. . ' ..-.-.. .'■ '. '
"I have gained mentally, physically in vigor
and manhood, and with the brain free from
the nicotine and a breath no I longer befouled
with tobacco smoke, I am so happy,; to-day to
write No-To-Bac did it all a year ago, so the
cure is time-tested and tried, not only in my
case, but several of my friends who have also
been cured. : -: 'v: :
"We have a baby boy now. - ',« ~
"My wife and I feel that all this happiness
started from the time when I first used No-To-
Bac, and in evidence of our appreciation, and in
order that the memory of the happiness may be
perpetuated in a living form; we want to name
our baby boy after the man who wrote the line
•Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life A\i ay.' j
' "No-To-Bac is popular here and all our drug-
gists sell it. Hardly a day passes but somebody,:
asks me about No-To-Bac, so I don't want you ;
to hesitate ; to use these lines in any way that
you think will make known to suffering hu-
manity the happiness that there is in No-To-
Bac for | the many men with nicotinized brains
and weakened | resolutions lif they will only
make up their minds to save the waste of vital
power— to '• say ! nothing lof '-■■ the I money— now .
colas up into imoke tad out la tobacco bj> iy .'•'
- .  • ' . , :. ' NEW TO-DAY. '■' [ '
>y iVien I Of course no firm doing
j/ <snfinn* >• business in the regular way
f .^pring 1 can sell en s Suits that look
! Suits. / we " an< wear well for $6.85.
j •vrv / We shall only do so for a lim-
1. "VM-r I H e< j time— until we raise the
I Quality - - Good I money to pay our retiring
I <?tvlV .- I siWct / partner, Mr. B. Roman, for
1 isiyie uatesi 1 his share of the business.
\ Fit -- - Perfect vr
V Price >■- -$6.85// YOUr
\ 00 I Money
®^V S If not
7 Satisfied.
§^J Picture on the £^m
\ "^T lckf 4 - s^ ows one °' the new T^* jr
3^l"*"^ IcTX style $10.00 Cheviot iCTfa
Sack Suits for business. f Js<fok^
M^i^twS?^ They also come double- J^^mfju i W >^^k
:< mlxtures * Ma de* to fit and J
JjS <KKHXXX>OOO K| fc?!^
E^ifl '^ colorings and black or blue. tern', Wtywk
Woim Same grade In Sack Suits. ||Jj H^ffl •. Jt^
w lllarßct Street, S.l-
' . ' RAILROAD _' TRAVEL^ I
•OCTlini PAIITIC COWPAJSnt.
. ■■•■; - (PACIFIC HYSTEM.) . », \ /
Trßlaa le»TO nail nreilno to «rrlre at
MAN' FItAKCISCO.
tXAVK — Fi:OM NOVEMTIEB 20, 1305. — ARBITI
6:30 a Haywarda, JJiles and Way Stations. . JO:ISa I
7:«0a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. 8:13p
7:OOa Benicia. VacaTille. Eumsey, Sacra-
mento, and Bedding via Davis.... . 7:15p
7:30 a Martinez, S.in I'.amon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Koe4. 6:13p
8:30 a Niles, >. Kan Jose, Stockton, lone,
..", ■■ ■; .■ ■ Sacramento, Marysville, Reil IV.iff
- ■ and Sundays excepted Oroville ... 4 :1 8p
•8:80 a Peters and Milton «7:18p !
0:00 a .San Leandro, Hsywards & Way St'ns 11:45 a
0:ooa Los Angeles Express. Raymond,
(for Yosemite), Santa liarbara
and Los Ancelcs. 4<411r j
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton...... 10:43 a !
18:OOa San LeaDdro, Kaywords and Niles . : 1:43p :
13:00 m San Leandro. Haywards 4 Way St'ns 2:48*
l:OOp Niles, San Jcso and Livermoro 8:43 a
•I:00p Sacramento Hirer Steamers......... «9:00r ,
fl:3op Port Co3ta and Way Stations t*!43p ■
a:OOp Saa Leondro. Haywards & Way St'ui S:4sp .
4:OO? San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'r.s Bt4B>
4:00p Martinez, Sau Raiiion. \allejo,
Napa, Calistoga, lil Verano and
Santa P.osa •ill*
<!•#* Benici i, Esparto, Woodland, - •
" Kuights Lamliiig, Marysville,
OroTille aud Sacramento I#i4»4
4iMp Niles. San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton 7il»» ;
5:O0p San Leacdrc, Haywards ft Way St'ns B:4Sf ,
8:3 Op New Orleans Express.Fresuo.Rakers-
fiolil, Santa liarb»ra,Los Augeles.
DemiiiK, El Paso, New Orleans and
EMt...............................:»««4aA |
3t3op Santa Fo Uoute, Atlantta ExpreM
for Mojavo and East : . 1 0:43 a
6:00r European Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:45 a
6:OOpH.iywanls, Nllf-sauil Sun J05e...... -7:43 a
J7:ooi-Va11cj0.... ..v:.......:.... t7x43f
7:00p Oregon (Sacramento, >larjs-
ville, Itcilding, Portland, Ptiget
Sound and East..; 10:43 a
7:00p San Leandro. Haywards Way St'ns lO:5«p [
9:OOp San Leandro, wardsi Way St n» ft 12:»»A j
<|I*i*9p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los . '
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans .?
andEatt |l»4»» ,
ff HtlT Leandro. naywards & Way St'na t »IB* j
BASTA CIUIZ DIVISION (Sorrow flange). j
StIOA Newark.CeiiterTille.San.lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5........................... BiM|^ i
•S:l3p Newark. Oentcrville, San Jose, New •
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek, :
• " Santa Cruz and Principal Way
8tati0n5............................ •Ilia©* ;
4:13p Newark, San Josa andl.os <!atos.... 9:3« a :
fUt4Bp Hunters' F.zcursion. Ban Jose and
Way Stations.. .....' f7i999 ■
COAST IUViSION (Tliinl A To»iiscinl Stw.)
■~ •«43ASaii Jose ami. Way Stations (New
Alflnadcn Wednesdays only) 1:43»
■:13a Sau Jo.se, Tres Pluos, ts.mt.i Cruz,
Pacitic Orove. Paso Robler, San
Lm.i O1>!spo, Guadalupe and Priu-
Ciiul Way Stations ..........:... 7sO»r
1«:40a Si'i Josoand Way Stations.... S:«Q*
11:45 a Palo Alto Wny Stations atsw
•2:30r Sa-.i Jose, Gilroy; Tres Pinos, Sauta
Cruz, Salinas,M6nterey and Pacific -
0r0r0.... »1O:4Oa
•3:3OpSaiiJosoandPrincipal >Vay Stations -9:47 a
•4:30r San Jose ami Way Stations ..... »H:OO*
8:30r Sau Jose atxl Way Statious »MSa
6:3Oi> Kan Josa and Way Stations..:...... «:3.1a
«11:43p San Jose nml Way Stations ......... t?:4.lt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«m Sal WiHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:11 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:0l
- •i:00 .: .-••■' ts:oo'',*C:ooF.M.'\
OIIUBB— Poot Broadw«j.— *6:00 8K»
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *1:CO tS'-00 *3:CO }1.-00
' *5:00r.«. v ' - ' - - ' ■ : '
■ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. - ; : -\-
• 'f \ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. /
VToesdaya and Saturdays • Sundays ana Tbunqaja,
UORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito Ferry). r
Vrom San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
t - WEEKDAYS. ,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9 15, 11:00
A.M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, 6:30 p. m. =:
Ban Quentin— 7 :3o, 9 :15 A. m. : 1 :45, 5 : 1 5 p. v.
Extra trips ior Ban | Batuel on Mondays, Wednes*
oays and Saturdays ar 11:30 p. v. • "■ . 4 ~ ,-: • ?>■ s
. ■■ "'■■•. •■•.,; ■■■ Sundays. -■•"■■- -;■:•
Wot Mill Valley, Fan Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00,11:30 a. m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, «6:IS
■•• P.M. *ix>es not run to San Quentin. .
.THROUGH TRAINS. :
f:80 A. v. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 r. M. Saturdays— and way stations. ■
• ;oo a. m. Buadajri-point fiajrei ua wiyitMloat
RAILROAD TRAVEU
SUSFRASCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35,
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:50
and 11:30 p. v.
BONDAYS-8-.00, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:89, 3:30.
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Franciaco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55. 9:30, 11:10 a. M.j
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa
• at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 A. X.; 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 P.M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paric sama
schedule as above.
Leave Tnpffprt ' Arrive
San Franclsca Oct. 28. Ban Francisco.
Days. 1 days. | "e» tlna " on - AY a. | Days.
7:40 am 8:00 am 1 Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm , 5:00 pm . Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm I 8:15 PH
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
. Healdsburg,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 m
~~ : ~~ Pieta, ~~~ "
Hopland &
7:40 am 8:00 Uklah. 7:30 PM 6:15 pm
7:40 am • j ~~ : ' 10:30 AM
8 -.00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm ■
8:30 pm j 6:15 PM
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma i10:40am; S..'oam
6:10 PM 6:00 pm and I 6:05 pm 6:15 PM
I Qlen Ellen. | |
7:40 amI8:00 spruwtonol |10:40 am. 10:30 AM
3:30 PMJS:OO pm[ Seo «wtopoL [ 6:05 pM | 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Clo.verda!e for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyville. Lakeport. ' ■„.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vlcny Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Greeßx
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly VaUey, Harris, Scotia
and Euresa. -■ -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*.
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points b*>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
!. Ticket Offlc»s. 650 Market St., Chronicle building,
H. C. WHITIXQ. . R. X. RYAN.
■ - • Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic
P^irifir £&§M&Bk
railroad rare»7? i^rallr
RAILROAD P^^^\j« Hn
TralDs leave from and arrivt tv^K^^^MsS^
at Market-Street Fwry. €£$2%3rQ\rrn
SANTA PE ".EXPRESS:-
-! To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
. teares every day at 3:30 r. v. carrying ?™««
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers <-hU»g
▼la Kansas City without change. Annex cars i«j
Denver and St. Louis. , ,_ cr»
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicaffo.
Bolld Vestibule Train Dally, S* ,5'JL 1 "-^*
under Harvey's management. .Connectln; tralM
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and d.30 p. m. daily.
• The bast ■ rallwar from California to i the £.asb
Rewra^newtTes:no dnst: Interesting scen,ry,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlninr
' "**"* lloket omoe-644 Market Street,
" Chronlclo Bullatng.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY AND WASHIHGTON STS.-RB-
A. modelPd and renovated. KING; WARD & CO.
European plan. / Rooms 50c to SI 50 per day, fa
to S8 per week, 98 to 830 per montii: free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fixe gr&taViK
•Tenr IQ0»; eicvaiot runs aU msUt. -■ ■ ;
56
CHAfcLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free : •
r»ll.v and Sunday CaM..odi- by carrier.. $0.15
rally and Sunday Cam., onoyeor.by mail. 6.00
I)»!ly end Sunday CUX, six months, by mail.. 8.00
r«ily «nd Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.50
Eally and Sunday Cam., one month, by niail.. .65 j
BuDday Cam., one year. i»y r.l All. 1-50 |
VtLKi.v Call, one year, hv mall , 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 llarket Street, .
•Sun Framiisoo, California.
te1eph0ne........'. ; Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS :
517 Clay Street. . '■■
rflephonp Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
530 Montporuery btreet, cornfr Clay; open until
B:SO o'clock:. -^V: |
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock. ':--?;.'■
713 I.nrkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\V. corner Sixteenth and Missiou streets; open ;
ontil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; op»n until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnth Htreet; oivn until 9 o'cloclc
OAKLAND OFFICE
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Turk Bow. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Af»nt.
WEDNESDAY. .-. M.YKCH 11. 1896 I
- ' '" rr^z^ j
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The campaign waits on the State Com
mittee.
There are no signs of falling out in the
Republican ranks.
The Senate has taken a second thought
and Cuba must wait.
In politics the Kentucky company is the
chinaman that must go.
It begins to look as if there would be no
aibitrator between Cuba and Spiin except
the yellow fever.
If Buckley doesn't have a hand in the
Democratic pie it will be only because
there isn't any pie.
This is to be a campaign for protection
to all the interests of the people as well as
for their industries.
King Humbert's troubles are by no j
means over. The Kaiser has announced ;
an intention to visit him.
The sentiment in favor of a meeting of
the State Committee may turn into a hard
feeling if it is not gratified.
In passing the Cuban resolutions Con
press may yet allow its resolve to pass also
and sympathy will end in oratory.
Tne Republican party may as well adopt !
the bicycle as an emblem this year, as it j
is surely going to break the record.
If Cleveland will not recognize war in
Cuba lie might at least recognize the mas
sacre and do wiiat he can to check it.
Until we get a new tariff no possible re
vival of trade can touch the revenues of
the Government and overcome the delicit.
Chicseo is discussing an expedition to
the norih pole and it will probably turn
out to be another movement for city ex
tension.
It is a pity that some Democratic leader
hasn't the nerve to stay in the Presiden
tial ring long enough to knock out the
third-term idea.
For the sake of getting into office Rudini
is willing to enter into war, and as a con
sequence lie may have to get out of both
before long by crawling.
Republican harmony will bring victory,
the victory will bring protection and pro
tection will bring prosperity, and that 13
what we are working for.
The gold reserve is climbing up. but all
the same the drain is eoing on at the rate
of about $100,000 a <iay and before lone it
will bo sliding down again.
— — — - ■ • -
When subjected to expert examination,
the British blue book on the Venezuelan
question may prove hardly more important
than a yellow-back pamphlet.
There is a growing belief that when the
Democratic Stale Committee meets, the
Junta will cease to strut in peacock
feathers and begin to croak like a jackdaw.
The exposure of the tricks of the politi
cal manipulators of the railroad has had
the good effect of putting all loyal Repub
licans on guard, and the party camp is
safe.
If the members of the Republican State
Committee will look back they will see
they left a good deal of wood un sawed
where they laid down the saw at the last
meeting.
Any change in the postal system that
will increase the cost of disseminating
book 3 and magazines among the people
would be less like an improvement than a
relapse to barbarism.
As the strikes have begun earlier than
usual this year there is reason to believe
they will be settled earlier and we won't
have so many to complicate the campaign
as we had in the last Presidential election.
llolcomb of Nebraska is more pleased to
be mentioned for the Presidency than he
would be to receive the Populißt nomina
tion. The one is a pleasant vanity, but
the other would be only a vexation of
spirit.
Those Los Angeles fellows who are talk
ing of Morgan aud Allen as a Presidential
ticket should stop to consider what kind
of race they could make with such a team
as an Alabama alligator and a Nebraska
gopher.
It wtm? we did the snappers of the
Baldwin Hotel meeting an injustice in
saving they ior;<ed o; c ol the proxies used
in makins a Majority «l the committee.
They were more enterprising than that.
They forced two.
Salisbury was too proud to recoznize our
Venezuelan Cwaiation by sending a copy
of the British biue book on the boundary
question, but all the same he was discreet
er.ough to send three copies where the
commission can see them.
It was right enough for the Senate to j
ssk the President for all t! c information!
he has about Cuba, bin the chances tea he
has nothing of note that has not been al
ready published in the newspapers and
made known to all the world.
The March numbsr of Womankind of
Ohio, in an article on the cul
tivation of spi ing flowers in that section
says: "With our mora decided rotation of
tca-ons we cannot hope to rival California
on the Southern Pacific Coast." To this
complexion lias the railroad brought
Knstern conception ol our geography at
last.
A NEEDED MEETING.
The more thoroughly the Republican
j situation is considered the stronger grows
! the conviction that the State Central Com
f inittee should be called together again at
jas eariy a dale as possible. There is much
i work to be done in preparing for the cam
paign that can best be done by the State
Cam.nittee. and some that can be per
formed only by that committee. "While
this work remains undone there will be
more or less confusion in the ranks and
there is grave danger th#t out of the con
fusion dissensions may arise that will
prove serious complications in the conduct
of the campaign luter on.
It is m> reflection upon the members of
t i:e State Central Committee to say the
work which the party expects of that body
was inadequately done at the recent meet
ing. The committee was in session too
short a time to give a comprehensive con
sideration to the preliminary work of pre
paring for a Presidential election. Even
that short time, moreover, was mainly oc
cupied by the proposal to take the control
of elections of delegates to ttie party con
vention out of the bands of the regular
county committees and intrust it to com
mittees of Congressional districts. This
was so much of an innovation it naturally
distracted attention from other duties that
should have been performed and the
speedy adjournment left thorn undone.
The confusion necessarily resulting from
this state of affairs would soon have been
evident under any circumstances. It hap
pens, however, that certain events imme
diately followed the adjournment of the
committee which largely increased the
confusion and occasioned no little dissaiis
factiors araons; loyal members of the party.
The story of the snap meeting at the Bald
win Hotel and the attempt to get control
of the committee of the Fourth Congres
sional District by means of forged proxies
became known. Suspicions were awakened
in other districts. The whole work done
at the meeting of the State committee
was reviewed, with the result that it was
found the work had only been half done
in some particulars and wholly neglected
in others.
There is nothing akin to the spirit of
fac-lion in tho sentiment that now favors
another meeting: of the committee. Those
who counsel that step aro among the most
loyal members of the party. They have
no other object than to bring order out of
confusion and assure harmony where there
is now danger of dissension. They desire
only that the committee, being the highest
authority of the party in the State, should
reassemble and remain in session long
enough to give a full and fair considera
tion to all the issues that come before it.
In this plan all who have the welfare of
the party at heart can unite and its adop
tion would undoubtedly lead to good re
sults. , ____^^^^_____
THE STRIKING PAINTERS.
It is most unfortunate at this time, when
we are on the eve of extensive building
' operations, that there should have occurred
i so extensive a strike as that which the
organized painters of the City have made.
The union is sufficiently strong to put an
end for the present to all repainting and
possibly to building as well. This means
tii.it all workers In the building trades will
ibe affected, as well as material men
and property-owners, and this in turn will
seriously affect the business of the City.
The contention by the painters is that
! they are not being paid the regular mini
mum rate of $3 a day for ordinary work
and that some master painters are charg
ing builders the full rate and paying less.
' It is shown further that some contractors
are paying the full rate from a sense of
duty and right, and that while they are
the best friends of the painters they are
unable to compete with the others. In
the reports submitted to the union appear
i the name? of many master painters who
i express a perfect willingness to pay the
lull rate if the others do; only a few de
ciare that they will not be dictated to, and
; a number announce that tiiey will not sign
the union rate card, as that would be recog
nition of the union.
Altogether the situation is complicated
and serious, but thai is no reason why
patience, intelligence and good temper
should not be able to adjust it satisfacto
rily. One result of the cutting that lias
been going on is the employment of for
eigners at ?1 a day. If this continues we
may next expect Japane«e to run out the
Europeans with still lower wages. It is
vitally to the interest of the City that its
own people should be given employment,
to the end that they may have money with
which to live and prosper and build homes
among us. This cannot be done unless
some check is placed on the practices
which have been in use hitherto.
Such a situation as thi3 does not con
cern alone those directly affected by it, but
every resident of the City. Considerations
both of business and humanity are in
volved. It would be proper for some
strong body, such as the Merchants' As
sociation or the Chamber of Commerce, to
proffer its services as mediator, to make a
thorough investigation of the case and to
suggest a remedy, and it would be wise for
the painters to recognize the value and
dignity of such a mediation and the im
portance of the opportunity for bringing
widely separated interests to a closer un
derstanding and sympathy. It is the
right of every honest man to have an op
portunity for making such a living as his
capabilities and willingness can secure,
aud it is the duty cf every citizen to pro
tect him in the employment of tha^ right.
THE HIGHER WISDOM.
If it were not that an unusual combina
tion of soil and climate made farming in
California more inviting than in any other
part oi the country, there would be just as
much reason for poverty and idleness in
the cities of this* State as in those of any
other. It is simply because our people
have not yet learned to appreciate their
advantages over their kindred in the East
ern States that rural possibilities for mak
ing a comfortable living are neglected, and
the your.g people flock to the cities for pre
carious nnd il!-paid employment. Work
in most of the trades is becoming more
a:id more uncertain, and in the lighter em
ployments associated with mercantile busi
ness tne competition has run down wages
below the point of safety and comfort.
All thi9 time millions of fertile acres in
California are lying untilled and the coun
try is importing enormous quantities of
food products from foreign sources. The
California Fruil'Grower publishes the fol
lowing list of such imports that need not
be made if the resources of California were
developed: .
Value.
Fuijar, lbs. *..-.. .3.&74.435.482 >- $76,461,557
Currants, 1b5......... 1ti.450.79ti - U5H,6!k9
Kigs, lbs ;... 11,855,890 687.4VJ0
Lem0n5............;.. 3,917.536
0rm^er5. :....;.;.....; • • ..'■■ 1.997.266
Kal«ins. its... 15.921.278 tf51,4«0
I'riims. lbH .. 14,352,057 ■ VJ7.HIS
Other truii s 1,7V!5,:i35
Almonds, lbs 7,903,374 810,439
Walnuts, etc . ■—-■, -"730,410
Eioe, 1b5....:.... 219.513.883 3,444,964
Mol»-ses, ic&llons.:.. 15,075,879 1,V!95,Ud
B<>ans ar:d peas, bshls 1,635,913 1,548,749
Potatoes, bushels ... 1,34'J,j.-;3 603,564
Total ........f 94,649,860
■ - Most of these articles coritemolate a con
siderable capital and a number of years to
produce a return, but others are crops of
THE SAN FRANC ISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1806,
annual products that are staples and al
ways in demand and that can be produced
on rented land at trifling cost. Of course
it is not an easy task to undertake the
business of a farmer, even on a small scale.
It is not simply a matter of taking a piece
of land, cultivating it and making a living
from.it. .But the fact remains that an in
vestment of an agreed amount of energy
and intelligence in a California farm will
yield for a poor man many times the profit
and comfort possible with inferior and un
certain employment in the cities.
Besides, it is doing business for one's
self, and that is what develops a man. It
ia more healthful than any city occupa
tion, and that means a conservation of
vital forces for siill greater tasks. All this
is urged in view of the peculiar conditions
prevailing in California, and because by
reason of them farming is a better busi
ness here than in any other part of the
country, and offers better inducements
to young men.
MORGAN'S NEW PROPOSITION.
Senator Morgan, who has been recently
putting Mr. Huntington through so severe
an examination, has sprung tho sensation
of the day in the matter of the Union and
Central Pacific roads. He offers a scheme
which provides for Government control
and operation of the roads, the refunding
of the first-mortgage debt at 3 per cent
and the reduction of shares to the actual
value of the property. The lines are to be
operated as one in the interest of the Gov
ernment, of interstate and international
commerce and of the debts owing to the
Government and private creditors. Com
plete machinery for carrying out the plan
is provided.
Morgan's proposition comes in the form
of a resolution offered to the Senate direct
ing the Committee on Pacific Itoads to
prepare and submit to the Senate a bill
containing the provisions outlined in his
resolution. It is quite evident that one
intention of the resolution is to check the
intention of the committee to report a re
funding bill until the whole Senate has
had an opportunity to examine the ques
tion, as the committee cannot now report
such a bill until Morgan has addressed the
Senate on his resolution. His plan seems
to be that in this way he can remove the
Senate from the influences which are act
ing directly upon the committee, evidently
believing that the larger body cannot be
handled by the railroad lobby. The plan
is exceedingly shrewd. The Alabama
Senator has recently given exhaustive
study to the subject and knows more
about it than any other Eastern Senator.
He is so thoroughly convinced of the in
iquity of the funding proposition that he
believes the Senate generally needs only to
know as much as he in order to reject it.
This lends an entirely new phase to the
whole subject. It removes from the Sen
ate the obligation of courtesy to the com
mittee and transfers the responsibility of
Senatorial legislation to the body as a
whole. But the shrewdness of the move
lies even deeper than that. •
By a curious turn of affairs the Senate,
for the first time in the history of the
country, has suddenly ceased to be the
more conservative branch of Congress and
has become the more radical. This has
been shown in recent acts concerning sil
ver, the Venezuelan boundary and the
Cuban matter. This is explained on the
crouud that six new States, Idaho, Mon
tana, Nevada, North Dakota, "Wyoming
and Utah, have sent twelve virile and
eager new Senators to Washington and
only six Representatives. This has upset
the balance of conservatism between the
East and West and made the Senate more
representative of the new vigor of the
country than the House. Senator Morgan
evidently has taKen this altered condition
of affairs into account and by proposing a
radical measure which will serve as a chal
lenge to the conservatism of the East
hopes to create an interest which will lead
to a thorough investigation. If these sur
mises of his motive are correct he has de
veloped an uncommon shrewdness and
something important may be expected
from his plan. In any event it contem
plates the education of the Senate and
that is what is most desired.
PERSONAL.
P.en Wolf of San Jo»e isat the Cosmopolitan.
Senator J. B. Gallagher of Nevada is at the
RuiiS.
R. E. Hyde, the banker, of Visalia, is in the
City.
J. Jeane, a business man of Winters, is In the
City.
R. Beziers of Dounmenez, France, is at the
Palace.
Deputy Sheriff D. Matthews of Salinas is at
the Russ.
J. A. Bohn, a merchant of Minneapolis, is at
the Uraud.
J. W. Richards, a mine-owner of Aspen, Colo.,
is in town.
John Papa, a wealthy resident of lowa City,
is at the Russ.
J. Baer, a business man of Leadville, arrived
here yesterday.
John C. Dunlop of Virginia, Nevada, is
among recent arrivals.
11. H. Walsh, a real estate man of Sonora, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
D. M. Dysart, a business man of Eureka,
Huniboldt Bay, is in the City.
Edward W. Marsh of Bridgeport, Conn., is at
the Palace, accompanied by his family.
John Finnell, the early pioneer and exten
sive rancher of Tehama County, who owns
gome SO, OOO acres, is here on a business trip.
Colonel J. A. Hardin, the wealthy cattleman
whose residence is at Santa Rosa, and whose
cattle are in Northern California and Nevada,
is at the Russ.
R. B. Markle.oneof the owners of the Alaska*
Willoughby Gold Mining Company of Thurston
hay, Alaska, who arrived here a day or two
ago, nas gone to Ukiah.
Thomas Y. Ge^dene of Washington, D. C,
who as an agent of the Interior Dapartment is
looking up some matters in reference to differ
ent land surveys, including some of the Benson
surveys, is at the Occidental.
J. C. Savery of Dcs Moines, one of the best
known hotel men of lowa, is at the Occidental.
For many years he conducted the Dcs Moines
House at the State capital. He Is widely
known all through the Mississippi Valley.
Professor Vander Xaillen is on the eve of
undertaking a short journey to .Europe with
the purpose of investigating tho latest dis
coveries made In electrical and kindred
sciences. The professor, who is accompanied
by Mrs. Vander Nailler, expects to return in
three months.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK.N. V., March 10.— Among recent
arrivals are: A. L. Btgbee, Metropol'e; A. H.
Butler and wife, Sturtevant; A. Dolgony, Hol
land; D. Lowenstein, Stuart; A. Parrish, Grand
Union; H. C. Tuttle, St. Cloud.
The Railroad's Day Is Waning.
San Jose Mercury.
Mr. Huntin?ton, with the aid of his news
papers, mostly Democratic, is making a des
perate attempt to obtain control of the Repub
ltcan organization in thin State, but he is
doomed to disappointment. TherailYoad is not
running things in California quite as much as
it was tormerly.
Improvement in the Air.
llanfor.l Democrat.
When some of the numerous electric-light
plants, now budding into bloom along the
Sierras from Grass Valley to Bakerstield, get
into good working- order jjpoking-stoves and
kerosene lamps will be consigned to tho cel
lars and the old junk shops. Tho San Joaquin
Valley will soon be the best lit. best heated and
iaus. thoroughly irrigated lectioa la the world. ,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Senor M. Ruasek is a happy man. Hs comes
from a land without a tramp, where farm la
borers receive 50 cents a day and board and
lodge themselves for 15 cents, and where clerks
in business-houses are paid salaries ranging
from $50 to $150 per month, with boarding
and lodging thrown in.
"But whisper, amigo iriio," adds Mr. Russek,
"there are no clerkships vacant just now, so
that it will not be necessary to start the flood
of immigration in the direction of the land
without a tramp. Clerks never resign and
they die there only of old age. It is una tierra
feliz, is Jiminez, in the State of Chihuahua,
Mexico."
Judging from Mr. Russek's story it must, In
deed, be a happy land. Grain is cut with a
Scnor H. Russek, a Hapoy Man, Who Comes From a Land Where Farmers Arc
Satisfied With 50 Cents a Day and Store Clerks Get SI SO a .Month.
[Skitcfird 'from life by a "CaJF artist.}
sickle and all places of business are closed for
an hour at noon for luncheon. They open in
the morning at 7 o'clock anil close In the even
ing at 8. Jiminez is a city of 7000 inhabitants,
a Catholic church, a bull-ring, a plaza, a Ma
sonic temple and several public schools. There
are also three hotels and several public meet
ing halls, wnich are utilized for entertain
ments by traveling dramatic and operatic com
panies.
The buildings are of Drick and adobe, and
the climate, although warm, is healthful. Cot
ton, corn, wheat, bean* Had an inferior quality
of tobacco are the prineij iil agricultural prod
ucts. In the neighborhood are many silver
and lead mines.
Life is slow but sure In Jimincz. The tastes
of the people ure simple, and they have not yet
been educated up to the point of yearning for
the unattainable. There is the church and the
bull light on Sunday, a concert In the plaza on
Thursday and Sunday evenings, and the iwang
of the light guitar and the diamond flashes
from the languid eyes of dark-skinned seuor
iias every evening.
Ay de mi! How one ■wishes that he were
young and in Jiminez.
S. F. Loughborouph, formerly a Texas
Ranger, and an ex-Slieriff aud ex-member of
the New llexlco Legislature, is at the Grand.
Mr. Lougu borough, though appearing yet
scarcely 30 years old, has had a life full of
dramatic incidents.
He has contended, with the object of pre
serving order, against some of the most danger
ous outlaws that ever infested any country,
and has been shot no less than three times on
as many different occasions, while on others
he has escaped amid storms of bullets.
His experience began as a Ranger on the
Staked Plains and along the Hio Grande. It
was the business of himself and the other
Rangers to detect and arrest the smugglers of
the border, hunt down the cattle and horse
thieves and bring to justice in the speediest
way ;he outlaws who fled to the Texas wilds
from Kastern States.
Mr. LoughborougU was just from Virginia,
when partially as a matter of adventure he
joinod the Rangers. Like the other Rangers he
had to furnish his own horses necessary for
ranging, his saddle, a rifle and shotgun and a
bruce of rapid-tiring revolvers. For all this,
and his services, he got the pay of $50 a month,
which Texas has paid her Rangers since she
placed them on her border.
Many a night Mr. Lough borough has slept
out in the cold and snow of the opi:u prairie,
but even this was pkasanter than to be riding
at full tilt ami suddenly come to a draw in
which was camped a band of outlaws. That
meant light, and there was a rain of lead from
one side to the ether, till one aide or the other
met defeat. Then it waa a question of count
ing the dead.
"I cannot tell what such an experience is
like," said Mr. Loughborough last night. "It
is a new experience. There is nothing else like
it. It is BUblimo and terrible, and with a
quaking something like stage-fricht, but after
the first shots you think nothing more of it,
and simply load and fight for all you are worth
till the end."
Mr. Loughborougb, has also fought Co
mauches and Apaches. He has obtained and
preserved as relics ot those thrilling days some
headdresses and other trophies of the noted
chiefs. Some of these relics can no longer be
got on the border, for the Indians who wore
them have been wiped out.
lie keeps them as souvenirs of the bloody
days when, full of adventure and puls
ating with life, he rode his relays of
ponies and braved death in a hundred
ways. He couldn't do it again, and says he
couldn't. That is, he has no wish for that
kind of a life any more. He wonders how he
escaped, and shudders when he thinks of the
days upon days and months upon months
that he rode over the wilds of the prairies.
As a Sheriff in New Mexico his experiences
were not always tame either, and all in all he
has had a career of danger that he wouldn't
care to repeat. Mr. Loughborough is not at all
boastful. He is not that kind of a man, but of
few words and of modest ways. He is now rep
resenting a large commercial house. He is a
nephew of Alex Loughborough. the attorney,
of this City. He says the duties of the Texas
Rangers are almost exactly the same as those
of the Canadian mounted police.
JUSTICE STEPHEN J. FIELD
Once a year the story goes out that Justice
Field is going to retire, writes a Washington
correspondent of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
As regularly the senior Associate Justice an
nounces that he has no idea of doing any such
thing. A Justice of the United States Supreme
Court who has served ten years and who has
reached the age of 70 may retire on full pay.
Mr. Justice Field has served thirty-three years,
and in a few months he will be 80 years old-
For ten years he lias been entitled to the ben
efit of the retiring act. Why hasn't he taken
advantage of ii? Well, he comes of the toughest
of Connecticut stock, and the habit of work is
strong upon him. He enjoys the labor of the
bench. There is another reason for the
tenacity with which the Justice holds on, if
the ijossip of the court circle may be
considered. In one year more Mr.
Justice Fieid will take his place in
the history of the court as the Justice who sat
upon the bench longer than any other Associ
ate Justice. Justice Story of Massachusetts sat
thirty-four years. In two year* more Justice
Field will have sat longer than any Chief
Justice in the history of the court. Chief Jus
tice Marshall sat thirty-live years. Justice
Field proposes to pull out the longevity peg
and stick it in at a higher hole before ho re
tires, unless the greater Judge overrules. It is
the belief of the circle that the veneraMe
"father of the court" will attain his ambition.
In the thirty-three years of his seivice Justice
Fiela has seen four Chief Justices and twenty
three Associate Justices on the bench. What a
span this means will be b-.'ttcr understood
when it is stated that since the foundation of
the court in 1789 there have been only eight
Chief Justices. The fifty-first Associate Jus
lice, Mr. Feekham, took his seat a few days
ago.
This distinction comes to Mr. Justice Field
la the neariag cloee of. a career which has been
anythiDg but monotonous. The man who at
80 feels fully capable of performing the duties
of a member of the United States Supreme
Court, sixty-five years ago nursed cholera pa
tients in Smyrna, where he had gone when a
boy of 14 with his sister, who was the wife of a
missionary. He sat at dinner end saw a serv
ant, who hnd been waiting on the table, drop
dead, while guests lied, shriekine "The
plague!" "The plague!" He found himself in
■San Francisco with $1 and a diploma entitling
him to practice law. The dollar he multiplied
by the sale of sixty newspapers he brought
with him from Xew York. When the vigilance
committee reorganized the mining camp of
Marysvllle the members elected the young
lawyer from the States alcalde, and it was
thenceforward his duty «o settle by judgment
the disputes which up to that time had been
appealed to the pistol and the knife. The al
calde served so well that he was sent to the
California Legislature, and there he chal
lenged a man who had insulted him to a duel.
The man who carried the challenge was Brod
erick, afterward killed by Terry in a duel, but
not until he had saved the life of Field in a
San Francisco hotel. A foreigner with some
grievance suddenly threw back his cloak and
raised a pistol to shoot Field. Broderiok
threw himself between them and pushed Field
through the door aud into the street.
It is stranger than fiction that the life of
Field has been so intertwined with the lives of
men who met violent deaths and that he has
come through to this peaceful old age without
a scratch. A charmed life he has certainly
ted. In 1857 he was elected a Justice ot the
Supreme Court of California. Two years later
. came the resignation of Terry as Chief Justice
because of the duel in whicti he killed Senator
Hroderick. Field succeeded Terry as Chief
Justice of the State court, and from that posi
tion he was taken by President Lincoln's ap
pointment to the bench of the United States
Supreme Court. Only a few years ago the
paths of Field and Terry crossed again, and
Terry was killed by a United States Deputy
Marshal, who had been detailed as a body
guard to protect the Justtce from apprehended
assault, by his old enemy.
Mr. Justice Field bus been no deadhead on
the bench. With his long service is identified
some famous legislation. He gave the casting
vote in the famous test-oath case soon after
the war. He wrote the opinion of the court
which annulled the "ironclad"' oath. His dis
senting opinions in the confiscation cases, in
the legal-lender tost aud in the New Orleans
slaughter-house litigation are classics In
American law literature. Of the fifteen dis
tinguished men who formed the Electoral
Commission which gave Hayes the Presidency
over Tilden by a vote of 8 to 7, nineteen years
ago, only twoare in active Jife to-day. One is
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts, the other is
Chiel Justice Field. It is hardly necessary to
say that the latter was one of the seven. In
the next Presidential campaign Mr. Justice
Field was put forward as a candidate for the
Presidency. At the next National Democratic
convention in Cincinnati in ISBO he received
G5 votes on the first ballot.
And now when it might be supposed that
the mind would lag as the steps do Justice
Field is one of the most active participants in
the proceedings of the court. No one of the
nine follows the arguments with closer atten
tion. No one asks more questions. No one
carries to his home and brings back to the
consultation-room a bigger bundle oi brieis.Jas
the faithful messenger who accompanies Jus
tice Field at all times can testify. In the court
circle there in Just now current a rumor that
the memory of J ustice Field occasionally fails
him. The story which illustrates this is that
recently a lawyer in arguing a case read from
various authorities and in the midst of one
citation was interrupted by Justice Field with
the remark that what he had just read was
nonsense from the legal point of view. In
quiry showed that the authority so Mveepingly
condemned was nothing less than an opinion
of the Supreme Court of the I'nited States
which Mr. Field had himself rendered a quar
ter of a century or so ago. The story may be
true or it may be one of those jokes which cer
tain waggish members of the court like to set
in circuiaiion, even at their own expense.
SOMEBODY'S BABY.
I see each morning as t pass
.-'■ A tiny bouse that's on my way'
A pretty picture through the Klass,
A face tii.i; haunts me through the day.
'Tls some one's baby there who crows : : •
And stretches out his hands to me. , ■
lie think'% I'm some one that he knows. .".--.
I'm not, but I should like to be.
I'm not the only mfin who goes
Along that street and glances in,
But I'm the only one he shows ■ ■■•..• ■
The very slightest interest iv.
He's taught me one thing that I'd miss:
J I is winning ways a seed have sown.
I'd give my freedom to be kissed
By such a baby of my own. - . .
—Ladies' Home Journal.
- ■ • ■ ■-■-.«■■. --....
AN ARCHITECTURAL ORNAMENT.
One of the oddest and most incongruous
architectural ornaments to be seen in San Fran
cisco is on a building on the corner of Mason
and Bush streets. It is intended to represent
a sheaf of wheat and occupies an entire panel
eight by twelve feet on the second story of the
Sculptured Sheaf of Wheat Used as a
Building Ornament.
[From a sketch.]
building. From all that can be learned from
old tenants of the place there was no particu
lar reason for puttiug it there.
The "sheaf" is not what would be called a
work of art. It is badly proportioned and the
upper part loots more like leaves than heads
of grain. Ike most striking thing about it 1b
its enormous : sice. Accurate • measurements
cannot be obtained readily, but from compari
sons with the cornice and windows it looks to
be at least ten feet high. The lower portion of
• the sheaf, representing the . straw, , is I about
three feet wide and the heads spreat out about
five feet. Only half of the sheaf shows, but
that is sculptured in proportion and sticks out
about two feet from - the panel. Taken alto
gether the effect produced is ihat ol grotesque
ness rather than beauty. _..< :.-{. ■-.. - .;■.;.•
- The sheaf of wheat was modeled in clay by
an Italian and afterwards cast in plaster. He
worked on ie a long time and when it was at
last placed in position he was very proud of
the results of his efforts. There is considerable
carving and plaster ornameiition on- oiher
parts of the building, but it was all of about
the same quality. as the sheaf of wheat. No
attempt has been ; made to keep the different
ornaments in proportion toone another. Within
five feet of the sheaf of wheat, ten feet high,
there is a lion's head occupying a panel about
eighteen inches square. i ■
'i'ne building was erected by C. Rafou, its
present owner, about 1855, and at tne time
was considered a magnificent structure. It
was the tirst large brick building to be erected
in the neighborhood and «andh»tls surrounded
it on all sides. Bush street was then little more
than a few surveyors' stakes and a name on
the city map.
——^ ™^— — — — ™ — — —
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Inspector— You don't carry enough life-pre
servers.
Steamboat Man— Oh, I guess there are enough
for the people who would think of them in an
emergency.— Puck.
Ragson Tatters— You don't know what It is,
pardner, ter be trowed down by everybody,
wid no frien's nor riottin'.
The Other— Don't I? I'm abaseball umpire.—
Philadelphia Record.
"Were these apples grown in the penitentiary
or the workhouse?" asked the cheerful idiot.
"Neither," answered the confectioner.
"Theu why nave you marked them 'From
one sent up?' " — lndianopolis Journal.
Mrs. Bowers— l do wish you would go to
church with me occasionally. How are people
tT know that 1 am married if they never see
you with me?
Mr. Bowers— Easy! Take the children with
you.— Puck.
Teacher— Thomas, I saw you laugh just now.
What were you laughing about?
Tommy— l was just thinkin 1 about some
thing.
"You have no business thinking during
school hours. Don't let it occur again." —
London Answers.
"I see," said Mrs. Fogg, "that nervous disor
ders are caused by the piano."
"And does the paper say that the principal
sufferers are not the persons who do the play
ing?" replied Mr. Fogg. "Propably not, how
ever. What is the use of saying what every
body knows?' I—Boston1 — Boston Transcript.
Fair Patient— ls there no way of telling ex
actly what is the matter with me, doctor?
Doctor— Only a post-mortem examination
can reveal that.
She— Then for heaven's sake make one. I
don't see why 1 should be at all squeamish at
such a time as this.— London Tid-Blts.
A SIMPLE DRESSING SACQUE.
The dressing sacque shown here is cut on ex
ceedingly simple lines. The front is seamless.
The back has the center forms and side body
cut in one, thus making only three seams back
of the under arm seam. The round collar is
joined to it by a simple seam, which is hidden
in between the collar and sack.
A blue flannel, with black zigzag lines, had
a frill of blac-K chiffon around the collar; bows
of black satin ribbon were used to hold the
edges of the front together. A new method of
buttoning a garment and yet avoiding button
holes (the bugbear of many a home dress
maker) is shown ou this garment. A silk cord
is sewn just inside the edge, which at intervals
forms tiny loops just large enough to allow the
buttons to slip tbrougn.
A sacque of mignonette green oashmere had
all the edges buttonhole stitched in scallops
with black silk. The collar was further
adorned by a narrow ruffle of black lace.
For spring and summer wear wash fabrics
are preferred. Pink batiste, with a ruttie of
Valenciennes lace on the edge of the collar
and down the front. White and blue duck,
with trimmings of creamy white lace in bands
set on collar and around the edges, is effective
and serviceable.
Brown hollands, with trimmings of white, is
equally useful and can be brightened up by
bows of rose pink, light olive green or tur
quoise blue.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Cathode X Rays— J.A. R., San Lorenzo, Cal,
Why the ray from the Crookes tube will pene
trate steel and flesh and not bone has not yet
been determined, but experiments are being
made with a view to ascertaining that fact.
The explanation given up to this time is that
"the bones of the hand show as distinguished
from the flesh because they retard the rays
more than the flesh."
English Inheritance— M. It., Oakland, Cal.
Aliens cannot inherit real property in Eng
land, though they be the direct heirs. A child
of British parents who happened to be born in
the United States, for instance, while the par
ents were traveling, and was afterward taken
back to English territory and in time adopted
his father's citizenship, would, despite the
fact of birth iv a foreign country, be consid
ered a British subject, and in such case, it
is said, be entitled to inherit.
The China Steamer— T. P., City. The fast
est time made by the steamer China of the Pa
cific Mail line from this port to Yokohama was
twelve days and forty-five minutes. This
steamer, the finest that is now running to the
Orient from this port, is 4940 tons gross and
4097 net register. Her measurement is 440.4
length, 48.1 Deam and 32.8 depth. The length
of her promenade deck is ~20 feet. She is a
three-decker, four-masted and was built by the
Fairneld Company at Glasgow in 1889.
Gent— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. "Gent" was
originally, It is believed, a contraction of gen
teel. Subsequently it was used as a cpntrac
tion of gentleman, until Thackeray by his pun
gent satire drove this word as a contraction of
gentleman almost completely out of use In
the "Canterbury Tales," by Chaucer, in Mil
ler's tale occur these vvords: "As any wesil
her body cent and small." Spenser, who lived
from 1553 to 1599, in his "Faerie Queen"
wrote:
• Well, worthie irope! said then the !ady gent
And pupil fit for such a tutor's hand,
He loved uh was his lot, a lady gent.
In Madame Knight's journal, 1794. there is
'•Law you, sais she, it's right gent; do you take
it? tis drendful pretty." .
These show that the writers of those times
used the contraction in sense of genteel In
later years it was used in the sense of gentle
man, but it is no more proper to be used in
West Point-W. L., Alameda. Cal. How to
enter West Point has been answered in this
department so often that almost every person
in the State ought to know by this time what
If you want a sure relief for -ains in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an
/\HCOCrC S Plaster
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine.
the requirements are. Write to the Congress
man from your district and he will furnish you
with a circular of information that will tell
you all you want to know about the military
academy and the qualifications necessary for
entering. ________^___—
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
The late Dr. Van Dyck. the Syrian mission
ary, spent his last days translating Ben Hur
into Arabic. This celebrated story has also
been translated into French, German, Italian,
Spanish, Dutch, Bohemian and Armenian, and
published iv raised letters for the blind.
Gertrude Simmons, the Indian girl chosen to
represent her college, Earlham, at the Indiana
State oratorical contest, is a bright young
woman of 22, with straight black hair, dark
face and other Indian attributes. She speaks
English without accent and with faultless
articulation.
M. Barre, the sculptor and engraver who
died recently in Paris at the age of 85, de
signed the coins issued by Napoleon 111 In
1852. His best busts are those of Pius IX,
Napoleon 111 and members of the Bonaparte
family. .One of his latest busts was that of
Mme. Jane Hading.
Explorer Nansen is married to an accom
plished woman, who after his departure in
search of the north quietly settled down
in Christiania to her duties as a teacher of
vocal and instrumental music. The Nansens
own a pretty littie house, iv which Dr. Nansen
does nearly all his work as a student. The
Nansens are very popular in Christiania.
The executors of Cardinal Bonaparte have
decided to sell at auction his personal effects.
Among these are the throne of Napoleon tha
Great; the small tnble upon which the Em
peror wrote at St. Helena; two carpets which
once belonged to line. Laetitia, the mother of
Napoleon, and a beautiful miniature of the
Empress Josephine.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townaend's.*
Soft chewing molasses candy. Townsend's.*
FrECTAL Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pran
Clippiug Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
New goods all over the store. Don't think of
old styles or old prices. What $1 used to buy,
1b cents, and even 50 cents, is likely to purchase
now. -We have many new things in Pictures,
Frames, Artists' Materials, Leather Goods, Sta
tionery, Lamps and Shadeß, Artificial Flowers
and Toilet Articles, which the public is invited
to see. Everybody welcome at all times. San
born, Vail cfc Co. *
Mrs. Chaflice — Johnny, I have discovered
that you have taken more cake than I gave
you.
Johnnie— Yes, ma; I made believe there was
another little boy upending the day with me.—
Texas Siiter.
To purify the blood, restore the lost appetite and
build up the whole system take Hood's Sarsa
parllla. The necessity of a spring medicine la
universally admitted. Take only Hood's.
Coronado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon lurilier north. Kound-trlp tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotal del
Coronado, $60: longer stay *2 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st.. San Fra-icisco.
Evkby mother mods Parker's Ginger Tonic.
It dispels pain, sleeplessness and debility.
Parkers II aik Balsam Is life to the hair.
"I really wish to help you," said the prosper
ous person, "but I am afraid it would be
wicked."
"Wicked? Why?" asked the brother in need.
"Why, if I were to give you assistance it
might make me proud. As it is I will go
around all day feeling what a sinner I am in
refusing." — Indianapolis Journal.
NEW TO- DAT.
PRICES ?
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Baskets, Coffee Pots, Cream Pitchers,
Oatmeal Bowls, Custard Cups, Spooners,
Plates, Dairy Pans, Hand Basins, 5c eacb,
or 6 tor 25c. • .'-iV ", ? .<-VK
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Pails, Meat Dish, Dish Pans,
. Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish, Salad Di«h (
10c each or 3 for 25c. ...
TEA SETS.
4-4 Pieces complete for 12 Persona
* * Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations. ;'<;.;
Money-Saving Prices, per set
2.25, 2.50, 2.85, 3 00, 3.75, 4.15
DINNER SETS.
00 Pieces complete for 6 Persona
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Dar set
3.65, 4.85, 5.00, 5.85,
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per s,»t
5.50,6.50,7.25,8.00,9.50,10.50
BreatAmerican Importins Tea Ca/s
1344 Market st., S. P.
JHITi >g=:r 7iiir- 065 Market St., S. F.
K£T ° 17 kearny st., 5. F.
IRJ "" ' 1419 Polk St.. 5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
■Iftliru ' 333 Hayes St., 5. f. %:■
MONEY" 146 Nintn st - s - F -
m w ii». ■ 21S Third st.! S. F.
c fill Ilin 200S Fillmore st., 5. F.
oAVINu 25>0 M«*sion St., 5. F.
wnw ihu 3006 Sixteenth st.. S. F.
n T n n r A 104 Second St., 5. F. s
STIJKFS ! 3259 Mission st., 5. F. ; -■
V.l. WiihW a ; : 52 Market st, S. F.
'■ m*m. 917. Broadway, Oakland.
&BL^BK££^ 1053 Washington st.,Oak'd.
fcaJMEiSSy .131 San Pablo aye.. Oakl'd.
\gU ''^ 616 E. Twelfth St.. Oakland.
1355 Park St., Alameda. »
TRY, OUR
Money-Savtne Prices) < AA In
"at OUR \ I{||l n "■
Money-Savins Stores) 1V " Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.WEDNESDAY v: MARCH*II, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater,- "A Milk White Flag."
< oi.uMßiA Theatek— "The Wicklow Postmas."
SiOKOsco's Opera-Housk— "The Silver King."
«-fovf»'» Alcazab.— "The Mikado."
Tivom OpEKA-HovsK.-ThP Hoolah."
Oki'MFxtm.— Hiab-Class Vaudeville.
Thk. AvrtiToniuM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— Thursday evening, March 12, -Materna I
aud Ondricek.
t MAODOKODOH Theateb (Oakland) — "Th»
Lion's Mouth."
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bicycle Tournament.
Phcot thk CnrTEs-Dally at Halght street,
ii«- Clock east of ih«» Park.
i *cincCoABT Jockkv < i.t-b. — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Baldwin <tr llammoxi*.— Real Estate, at 10
Moritt:onirry stre-t.
I'.y H. J. LEi-TnoLTZ.— day (Wednesday),
furnliure, at 773 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
By i ivan & Dotub— Saturday, March 14,
r>ersrs, wagons, etc.. at '2432 ahiornia Btreei. at
11 o'clock. •
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The Woman's Congress will be held the week
commencing May 4 at Native Sons' Hall.
The Woman Suffrage Association held an
Interesting meeting at Golden. Gate Hall.
A temporary organization of the cooks and
waiters of this City was effected last night.
The weather forecast for to-day is fair, with
continued high temperature and light winds.
A voluntary contribution for the leper rem
edy fund was* received from Stockton yester
day.
Mrs. Marceau is engaged in preparing across
eorr.plaint in answer to her husband's allega
tions.
The detectives are still in the fog as to who
Ftrangled Berthe Paradis in her den at 27 St.
Mary street.
It is possible that the entire building trades
unions may be called out to support the strik
ing painters.
The interior decorating of the chapel at St.
Jr-tth's Home Hospital on Park Hill was com
pleted yesterday.
Nearly every journeyman painter in the City
was called off his work yesterday to join in
the painters' strike.
, Major T. C. R/an spoke on "Truth Told, or
Romanism as it Is. Was and Ever Shall Be," at
Metropolitan Temple last night.
Henry E. Osterfeld is suing Wells, Fargo &
Co. for" as a reward for information
which led to the capture of a criminal.
Local suffragists claim that Frances E. Wil
lard violates a pledge in arranging for & Na
tional convention in California this year.
C. L. Dinglcy is suing in the Justices' and
als-o in the Superior (our: to recover $27,000
from the stockholders of the Pacific Bank.
The Lathers' Protective Union has ordered a
strike for higher wages, one of the results
was a fr«e-for-all right on Post street yesterday.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company has
announced a3O-ce!it rat.- to New York oa cer
tain commodities, to go into effect immedi
ately.
The Supreme Court has decided that the
IVtaiuma Savings Bank can commence fore
closure proceedings against George H. White's
estate.
But one favorite finished In front at Ingle-
Fide yesterday. The winning horses were:
faude.'aria, Afflatus, £d Kearney, Babe Mur
phy and Midlo.
Mrs. £lia TowiiFend, wife of the proprietor of
the Texas lamale factory, 1161 a Mission
ureet, was fatally burned last night by her
dress catching rire.
At the meeting of the Woodworkers' Union
last night tbe political principles of the recent
labor convention were adopted with but a few
unimportant chances. BPIB
Judge Angelotti of San Rafael has been in
stalled as Judge of Department 3of the Su
perior Court wnile Judge Murphy is busy with
trie I)urrant bill of exceptions.
The trial of the suit of Mrs. Henrietta Hey
denteldt to set aside deeds conveying away
from •r Judge Heydenieldt's property came
before Judge Coffey yesterday.
Mrs. Brown appeared before the ecclesia- •
ticni cou. icil yesterday, making a vigorous de
fense of her husband. Incidentally she took
occasion tjj tttack Mrs. Cooper.
Dr. Heii-y H. Thrall, the pioneer dentist,
died yesttirday morning from the results of a
fall on the! no'w-covere.d steps oi hi.s residence,
619 Pine s"4 iet, last Tuesday evening.
The trial of Cesare Crespi for the libeling of
G. Almaiia came before Judge Wallace yester
day. The principals in the suit are the editors
of the two Italian papers in San Francisco.
The tna.l of the R. H. McDonald case was re
sumed before Judge J'.ahrs and a jury yester
day morning. Columbus Waterhous^'s famous
£100,000 check was the subject of examina
tion.
J.E.Edwards of the Olympic Club lowered
the miic indoor record and all the interme
d.rtte distance marks at the Pavilion tourna
ment last evening. There was a big crowd
; resent.
Affidavits in rebuttal were presented yester
day in the case ot the Southern Pacific Com
i any against the Railroad Commisfioners in
the matter of the freight traffics and the case
\.ill be argued end submitted to-day.
The meeting of the Tuilors' Union last night
was devoted to the work of encouraging mem
bers to bring Into the union ail their co
workers. It was expected to effeci permanent
organization, but the delay in the arrival of
their charter fiom the Jiast caused this work
to be postponed.
Several answers have been filed in the Xoe
Fuit and in each of them the judgment in the
suit of Antoine Bovie vs. Xoe ci al. is cited as
a bar to any iurther proceedings. That judg
■■ as rendered in the old Twelfth District
■ in 1860, and was dug out of the old
papers by accident. The account of the dis
covery was published in The Call.
STRICKEN WITH PARALYSIS
Captain Hughes of the Ferry
Steamer Oakland a Very
Sick Man.
Has Been Gradually Failing Ever
Since Kis Daughter Stella
Disappeared.
Captain William Hughes, commander of
the ferry steamer Oakland, is lying dan
gerously; ill at his home, 1914 Stevenson
Btreet. Sunday last he started for the
ferry-boat to take up his usual run to Oak
land, but when half way down Market
street he was taken sick and returned
home after sending word to the office of
the railroad company. Monday morning
he was worse, and when a messenger was
f-ent to his house the information was
given out that the whole of his left side
was paralyzed. Everything possible is
being done for him and there is a chance
of his ultimate recovery. Should he pull
through, however, it will be months be
fore tho traveling puDlic will sec him back
on his old run.
Captain Hughes has been master of
the steamer Oakland almost continu
ously for the last twenty years. In all
that" time the vessel never met with any
thing save trivial accidents, and it is said
of him that he could lind liis way across
tli bay. in a fog better than any other
master in the employ of the Southern
Pacific
Several months ago his daughter, Stella
Huebefl, wandered from home and part
of her wearing apparel was found on the
rocks hear the Cliff House. The beach was
.-. arched and the disappearance was widely
advertised, at the time, but no trace of the
young woman was ever lound.
The loss of his daughter preyed very
much on the mind of Captain Hughes and
he gradually failed from that duy on. Ihe
stroke of last Sunday is considered to be
the culmination of a gradual attack that
began the day his daughter disappeared.
Captain Hughes' place on the OaKland
will be taken by Captain Clarewell of the
ireiffht steamer" Transit and Mate Hansen
will be promoted.
It is estimated that in India, counting
all Protestant missionaries, there is about
one to every f-00,000 people. The entire
revenue of all the Protestant missions of
the world is computed at £2,450,000.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Youngest Set of Officers Afloat
Are on the Ship Sierra
Pedrosa.
TWO OF THEM ONLY NINETEEN.
Revenue Cutters Bear, Rush and
Perry Have Been Ordered North
in a Hurry.
The British ship Sierra Pedrosa sailed
for Antwerp yesterday morning with a
load of wheat. This was Captain Starkey's
first voyage to San Francisco as a master,
and he made quite a host of friends dur
ing his stay here. He and all of his officers
were brought up in the "Sierra"' line, ana
are the youngest set of men that have
ever come to San Francisco in command
of a ship. Captain Starkey is 28 years of
age, Chief Officer Burch 24, Second Officer
The British Ship Sierra Pedrosa, Which Has the Youngest Lot of Officers That Have Ever Come to
San Francisco in One Ship.
[Sketched by a ''Call " artist.]
Steol 19 and Third Officer Burke 19. Al\
four were at various limes apprentices in
the employ of the company and have
risen to their present positions by merit.
The Sierra Pedrosa has a crew of thirty
one all told, and although sho has been in
port since January 21 there was not a
sinele case of desertion. The condition of
the ship going to sea shows that Captain
Starkey and his officers are thorough
seamen. Bhe was as trim alow and alolt
as a yacht and the manner in which the
men Handled the capstan showed they
kne w their work. As soon as the tug came
alongside the anchor was tripped and the
Sierra Fedrosa started on ncr long
vovaee.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Bteamer Australia sailed for Honolulu
yesterday morning. On her way a close
lookout for the missing Rio de Janeiro
will be kept, and should this steamer
have broken down between here and
Honolulu Captain Houdlette will r>rob
ably pick her up. The Australia took out
the following passengers in the cabin :
R. K. Hind and wife, Mrs. Kelbourne, A.
Liebeuroth, Alex Mi-Lagan end wife, Mrs. R.
W. T. Purvis, Mrs. O. C Phillips, Mrs. E. .1.
Parker, C. C. Prouty and wife, Mrs. E. W.
Pratt, W. D. Rothschild and wife, Miss Carrie
Kea, George Rose and wile, Charles A. Beer?,
George G. Beers, Major Henry A. Bartlett and
wife. O. \Y. Baldwin and wife, Miss Annie
Blowers, W. Cole, Mrs. W. L>. Cornish, .Mi-s
Cornish, -Mrs. I. T. Cohrs, Miss Kthel ML
Damon, C. R. Dilworth and wife, S. R. Dowdie,
Julien D. Hayne, Theo Hoffman ana wife, F. B.
Cooper and wile. t'. M. Swanzy, O. B. Spalding,
Dr. J. B. Tennent. Mrs. V. Ward, Mis.s Ward,
Miss V. Ward, A. White, wife and child, W. C
Wilder Jr., E. Z. Williams. J. W. Windsor and
wile. Miss L. M. Wright, W. 11. Lyon.
The coast defense steamer Monterey
started for Puget Sound yesterday. She
was on her way there recently, but en
countered a gale after leaving: San Diego
and lost two of her boats. Her captain
put into Santa Barbara, and when the
storm subsided came on to San Francisco
to replenish his store of provisions. She
will probably be docked at Port Orford in
order to test the new drydock that has
been in course of construction for over
four years.
The British ship Stratndon was got out
of the mud at ti>e Union Iron Works yes
terday, and will sail for England Satur
day. Four tugs after half an hour's puil
ing had her in deep water. The Strathdon
is now as good as new, and as the mud
cleaned all the barnacles from her bottom
Captain Phillips expects to make a smart
trip home.
Ihe whaling bark Lydia is the last of
the "wind jammers" that may go north
this season. She sailed yesterday and
after a short cruise in the Southern seas
will probably mate for the Arctic in time
for the . summer whaling. The brig
Hidalgo may go out next month, but if she
doei., it will be for a cruise to the Arctic
direct.
Everybody was busy on the revenue
cutters Bear, Rusi and Perry yesterday.
News had reached the commanding officers
that their vessels were expected to be at
Fort Townsend prior to April 15, and as
this is at least a month before the usual
sailing date there was a flutter of excite
ment. It is thought that an early start is
to be made for Bering Sea to head off the
tieet of sealers which is already chasing
the herds both on this coast and in the
Japan Sea. The officers do not like the
cuange in the sailing date, as many of
them had arranged for leave of absence.
NAVAL MEN ACQUITTED.
Lieutenant* Daniels and !><>rry Are
favorably Treated by the
Court-Martial.
The court-martial in the cases of Lieu
tenants Daniels and Dorry concluded its
investigations and sent its findings to the
Treasury Department at Washington. It
is understood that the court exonerated
both officers, who were in a happy frame
of ruind as they left the Federal building
yesterday morning. #
Since Dr. Bodkin, who preferred the
charges of drunkenness and conduct un
becoming otticers of the navy, refuted to
proceed further, as he declared that the
court-martial had planned to whitewash
the lieutenants, there was nothing left for
the board to do but find that the charges
liad not been substantiated.
hecretary Carlisle was notified Jnst week
that the case hail virtually fallen through,
and he ordered that the evidence which
had been taken be at once transmitted to
the department. This was done yester
day, and the court, tiiouirn its decision is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKCH 11, 1896.
not final and may be reversed by the Sec
retary of the Treasury, went out of exist
ence.
AS THE CITY HALL ANGEL.
3lr». De Jarnett«'g Address to the
W niiixn Suflfrage Association.
There was a good aitendance at the
monthly meeting of the Womaa Suffrage
Association at Golden Gate Hall yester
day.
Mrs. A. Kalfus de Jarnette, editor of the
San Jose Report, read a paper on the de
mand for suffrage.
Colonel Dickinson gave an earnest ad
dress, in the course of whic'i he informed
the ladies that ari ex- United States Senator
had informed him that if women voted
there would be no Republican majority in
the State, a statement which Colonel Dick
inson vigorously combated. "Give the
women the right to vote, and in twelve
months they will purify politics as they
do their homes. Women will yet occupy
as proud a position as the angel that will
; surmount yonder City irlall."
Pertinent remarks were made by Mrs.
M. E. Johnson, Miss Hattie Cooper, Mrs.
; Woodhams, Mrs. Stocker, Mrs. Woods,
t Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, Mr. Wood
! hams and others.
Miss Cooper reported that Mrs. Trues
! dale, proprietor of the Berkshire, would
entertain Miss Yates, Miss Bay aud Miss
MilJs during their nine months' sojourn
; here, and the association extended a -vote
j of thanks to the lady for her hospitality.
• The Berkshire will" De the guests' head-
quarters during the session of the con- !
gress.
Mrs. Nellie HolbrooK-Blinn, Mrs. A. A. i
Sargent, Mrs. M. E. Johnson, Mrs. Woods, \
Colonel Dickinson, Miss Cooper, Mrs.
Solomon,, Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton, Mrs. i
Chamberlain and Mme. L. A. Sorbier were I
appointed a committee to solicit member- !
ship.-
MARRIED AT MIDNIGHT.
The Peculiar Story Told by One
of the Heydenfeldt
Claimants.
Mrs. Henrietta Heydenfeldt's Straggle
for a Portion of the Judge's
Estate.
The trial of the suit of Mrs. Henrietta
Heydenfeldt to set aside deeds conveying
away the property of Solomou O. Heyden
feldt came before Judge Coffey yesterday.
The claim is made by the plaintiff that
the deeds convey away from her, Heyden
feldt's natural wife, the property that
should rightfully behers. On the other hand
it is contended that the plaintiff was Hey
denfeldt's half sister and that he could
never have married her.
In his opening statement to the jury
Mr. Crittenden, counsel lor plaintiff, said
he would prove that the plaintiff was Hey
denfeldt's stepsister — the daughter of
James Manaban by his first wife— and the
stepdaughter of Mrs. Heydenfeldt, who
married Manahan after Heydenfeldt the
elder had died. Mr. Crittenden said, too,
that he would prove that in 1853 Judge
Heydenfeldt took the plaintiff to Sacra
mento and there, at midnight, while he
was disguised by a false beard, they were
married by the then Chief Justice, Judge
Murray, who wore a mask. The marriage
certificate was lost, but he said he would
show mat Heydenfeldt lived with her and
acknowledged her to be his wife.
She had been driven from her husband,
' he said, by ill treatment, ana she had been
' persuaded into another marriage by Hey
denfeldt's relatives, but she had never
! lived with the man she subsequently mar
i ried, and had only gone through the cere
! mony to rid herself of the importunities of
! Heydenfeldt's relatives.
The only testimony submitted was
I the deposition of William H. Haydin, who
j was a friend of Judge Heydenfeldt's and
to whom the Judge acknowledged his
marriage to the plaintiff. This was in
I 1854. about a year after the ceremony at
Sacramento. The case will continue to
day.
MUST FINISH ON TIME.
City Hall Commissioner* Will Graut
Contractors No Further
Kxtnnsions.
City and County Attorney Cresweil
stated with much leeling at the meeting
of the City Hall Commissioners yesterday
that he was not disposed to grant the con
tractors for the new City Hall dome any
further time.
He said that he ha*d been inspecting the
dome and had found that though the
ninety days' extension last granted was
near'y up the work was far from complete;
that the indications were that it would
be several weeks be.ore the angel was in
place.
He declared himself in favor of putting
into force the $2. r >o a day penalty named in
the contract for failure to finish the work
within the specified time.
Mr. Cresweil also stated that he had
ascertained that but three men were kept
busy, when at Jeast a dozen could be util
ized if the contractors were desirous of
rushing the work.
Auditor Broderick stated that he was
tired of delays and would not assist the
contractors further in the matter.
The contract time expires April 10, and
the penalty will be enforced unless the t-x
--tei ior of the dome is finished by that date.
O'Connell & Lewis ar^ the contractors.
The portions of* the an^el not yet in
place were accepted by the Commissioners
yesterday, and will be put up at once.
RATEA CUT TO NEW YORK
Freight Can Be Shipped via
Panama for Six Dollars
Per Ton.
NOW A BATTLE OF ENDURANCE.
The Southern Pacific Not Inclined to
Make Further Reductions
at Present.
Six dollars will now carry a ton of freight
j from tnis City to New York via Panama.
This is the rate that was officially an
' nounced by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company yesterday, and which is to re
'■ mam in force until further notice on as
; phaUum, barley in batrs, borax, canned
fruits (strapped), beans (donble sacked),
; mustard seed (double sacked) and dried
I fruit.
The rate on wine in wood has also been
reduced as follows: In lots of less than
1000 barrels the rate is 3% cents per gallon,
or $7 50 per ton ; in lots of 1000 barrels or
over, ?>% cents per gallon or %~ per ton.
Canned salmon will be carried for 35
cents per 100 pounds, or $7 per ton, while
on antimony, boneblack, brandy, glue, ore
(chrome or manganese), peas, quicksilver,
rice and tallow the rate of 40 cents will
continue In force.
Up to the time these rates went into
effect the rate on all the commodities
named was 40 cents per 100 pounds, or |8
per ton. The cut was made to meet that
of 50 cents per 100 pounds instituted by
the Sunset route on the Sd inst.
"When this 50-cent rate was introduced
by ihe Southern Pacific an exception was
made on beans from the southern part of
the State, where most of the beans tl at
are exported are grown, on which a 62K*
cent was made; but in order to meet the
present situation the railroad yesterday
made the 50-cent rate on beans apply to
this territory. This is all the action the
railroad company will take, according to
the statement of Mr. Sniurr, the general
freight agent, to meet the latest cut by the
lines interested in the Panama route.
"We are carrying ali the business that
we want to at the 50-cent rate," he said.
It is believed by the Panama Railway
people that the 30-cent rate will give their
route a fair share of the through business,
so long as the railroad company does not
go below 50 cents. It is admitted on both
sides, however, that the rates notv in force
entail a loss on all concerned and it is now
a battle simply of endurance between the
Southern Pacitic Railroad Company (or
what is known as the Sunset line) and the
Panama-Pacific Mail combination.
The peculiar feature of the situation is
that the Sunset line is lighting the Pana
ma lines single handed, none of the other
lines carrying through freight for less than
75 cents per 100 pounds, though all have
the right to put in the 50-cent rale if they
so desire.
THE WATERHOUSE CHECKS
Leading Witnesses in the R. H.
McDonald Case Testify to
Records.
Bookkeeper Belleman Admits a Lapse
of Memory as to Dates and
Names.
The case of The People va. R. H. Mc-
Donald of Pacific Bank fame, which was
taken up in Judge Bahr's court last Fri
day, came on for trial before the following
jury yesterday morning: W. H. Wharf,
Francis Thonfas, I. Blum, G. Xeubauer, J.
Klinklaus, H. Kozminsky, J. W. Steinart,
P. Borchardt, Gnorge H. Saundera, F. A.
Will, J. Hillman, A. Shirek.
The morning session of the court was
taKen up with the submission of proof
baring on the incorporation of the bank
ing institution.
Columbus Waterhouse, whose $100,000
check has played such an important part
in the proceedings thus far, was the first
witness called when court reconvened at
2:30 p. m.
On direct examination by Attorneys
H inkle and Peixotto witness testified that
he had given the Dank the $100,000 check
with the understanding that it was to be
returned to him in three or four days;
that it was to be used simply to help the
bank out of a temporary embarrassment.
The check was returned at the specified
time. On close questioning he admitted
that he did not have more than $-JO,OOO
credit at the Sacramento Bank at the time.
During the cross-examination Carroll
Cook questioned witness closely as to his
memory of the day on which the check
was given to the bank.
Mr. Waterhouse could give no definite
answers without consulting his notebooks
and memoranda.
"You had most of your transactions with
Richard?" was asked.
"I had."
"While Richard was in Europe did you
not have considerable business with
Frank?"
"Yes, sir."
Here followed a series of close questions
concerning the conversations which oc
curred about the check and whether they
were with Richard or Frank.
A. E. Belleman, an accountant, testified
that lie had been connected with the
Pacific Bank for nearly ten years. He
was th"re at the investigation of the Me-
Dona.d*.
"You have been interested in this case
since R. H. McDonald's arrest, have you
not?" asked Mr. Peixotto.
"How do you mean?"
"You have called on him at the jail, have
you not?"
''I do not see the object of that kind of
questioning," interposed Judge Bihrs.
"We want to show that the witness is
friendly to the defendant."
"You must infer that from witness
testimony," said the Judge.
After ashort and pointed interchange of
ideas on the subject of such practice Mr.
Peixotto submitted a check for witness'
exiiiniiiuti.il], and aske ; ihe latter if he
could identify it.
"Yes it is a check for $100,000 hande 1 me
among a number of others with me re
quest tbat I make out deposit tags."
"Do you know whether it was Richard
or Frank McDonald who handed you the
ci.ecks?"
"I think it was Frank."
"Then your recollection is better now
than it was when you testified before,"
and Mr. Peixntio read from me transcript
of his previous testimony during the
course of which witness said he could not
tell positively who handed him the six
checks. He could not be certain.
Attorney Cook objected 10. the reading
of the transcript and the objection was
sustained by the court.
A technical controversy ensued on con
clusion of which Attorney Cook nia>le
the contention that the certificate of de
posit in evidence failed to sustain the alle
gations. "The Flood case was based on
the charges of fraud, in that the certifi
cate of deposit had been made out as cash
instead of checks on deposit," he s:iid.
"But this certificate shows that the
check was receipted for as a check and not
as cash."
On further questioning witness recalled
that Frank McDonald had brought him
several bundles of checks on the last day
of Decem ber, 1892. He could not remem
ber haying' bad any transaction with
Richard McDonald on that day.
"Did you make out the report for the
Hank Commissioners?" asked Attorney
Peixotto.
"I did."
And then followed a list of questions of
more or less relevancy aud no general in
terest.
J. K. Carter, a bookkeeper of the bank
since 1884, and still in the employ of the
institution during the liquidation, was
called and testified as to the receipt of the
$100,(100 checks and showed how the taps
and checks were balanced in the receiving
teller's book or blotter. They rirst ap
peared in that blotter on the 3(1 of January,
1893, that being the first business day after
the 3ist of December, 1892.
Page 112 of the receiving teller's record
was introduced and a spirited discussion
followed as to the admissibility of such
evidence.
The question of the handwriting in the
entry recording; the receipt of the Water
house check was taken under advisement
by the court.
Trial of the case will be resumed this
morning at 10:30 o'clock.
Spring Opening.
Yon are cordially invited to attend our
special exhibit of imported hats and bon
nets Wednesday and Thursday. March 11
and 12. No cards, yeavey's, lo's2 Market.*
Illegal Fishing-Tackle.
Chief Deputy Babcock of the Pish Commis
sion has received word from Valleio that
Gondo and Kiquno, who were arrested for
possessing illegal sturgeon-sear had heen found
guilty by a jury in Vallejo on their second
trial. Their fine cannot be less than $100
each. These are the :\vo fishermen who on
January Ul gave Deputies Davis and Wilson
such a merry chase in a Bteam launch in Kau
Pablo Bay.
INCREASE OF EXPORTS.
Detailed Report Showing Advanc
ing Conditions of Local
Trade.
Annual Meeting of the State Board
of Trade— Election of Offi
cers Held.
The annual meeting of the California
State Board of Trade took place yesterday
afternoon.
President X. P. Chipman read a lengthy
report, in which he briefly outlined the
history of the board since its second and
real beginning in 1887.
He then, as chairman of the committee
on State industrial resources, read the
sixth annual report of the committee, con
taining tables showing that the board sent
from the State during the year, of fruit,
nuts, wine, brandy and vegetables, 48,871.1
carloads of ten tons each. This is a gain
over 1894 of 5346.4 carloads, and a gain
over 1593 of 8042. U carloads.
The shipments of fruit alone have in
creased from 16,195.7 carloads in 1890 to
37.1G0.7 carluads in 1895. Compared with
1894. fresh deciduous fruits fell off by rail
'2353 carloads in 1805. Dried fruits by rail
1007 carloads. Citrus, fruits on the other
band pained 5550 carloads. Raisins have
increased steadily, the crop now averaging
4600 or 4700 carloads.
Wine and brandy shipments were nearly
double in 1895 whai they were in 1891,
while canned fruits fell off neariy 40 per
cent, and vegetables a boat 50 per cent.
Mr. Chipman made the prediction in the
report that daring the year 11300 an export
of 75,000 carloads would be made from
vineyards, orchards and gardens.
A resolution was passed complimentary
to Secretary J. A. Filcher.
The election for directors for the ensu
ing year resulted as follows: General N. P.
Chipman, "W. 11. Mills, B. M. Lelong,
Frank H. Buck, E. W. Maslin, J. S. Em
ery, L. C. McAfee. J. A. Morrissey, J. P.
Irish, C. M. Wooster and Miurk L. McDon
ald.
The directors elected the following offi
cers: General N. P. Chipman, president;
NEW TO-DAY.
7r^
All
this war talk isn't
affecting the *£ *£
"MANTELL"*^
cigar one bit*
Its
flavor is just as nat-
ural, its quality just as
uniform— as ever*
Priets:
10c— 3 for 25C-2 for 25c. t
NEW TO-DAY.
For Skin Tortured
ft A RTFQ ~&Sk~ s^.
And Tired
: Application of &&^ a * sSfi '^^yM%
7N^£§^ A warm bath with CUTICURA SOAP, and a
single application of CUTICURA (ointment), the great skin
cure, followed by mild doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, the
new blood purifier, will afford instant relief, permit rest and
sleep, and point to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure
of the most distressing of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly and
crusted skin and scalp diseases, when all other methods fail. '■
Sold throughout the world. Britiih depot i F Nrwbbrt * Soxs, I, Klne Edward-it., London. Fottbb
Dm l. anl Cbiuical Cobpobatiok, Sole Proprietor!, Boston, U. s. A.
L. C. McAfee, first vice-president; J. S.
Emery, second vice-president; J. A. Fil
cher, secretary and general manager;
Crocker-Wooiworth Bank, treasurer.
How M. Floquet Got His Start.
A statement is going the rounds as to
how M. Floquet pot }iis start in life. It
was in I*B7, when the Czar of Kussia.vis
ited Paris as the guest of Napoleon 111.
While the two menarchs were driving to
pethtr in the Bois de Boulogne one day, a
Pole named Borezo-vskj tired a pistol at
the Czar, with n.urderous intent, but
missed him. Two days later, while all the
world was ringing with the echoes of that
shot, the two Emperors visited tne Palais
de Justice. As ttiey were de.-cending the
prand stairway together, Floquet, wearing
his advocate's gown and his famous revo
lutionary hat, sprang squarely in front of
the Czar, causing the latter to halt. Then,
waving his outlandish hut in the aston
ished monarch's face, he shouted aloud,
"Vive la Pologne, monsieur!" That was
the incident that made him famous, and
which made his political fortune. Of
course, he was locked up for it, and, in
deed, it was a bit of bad breeding. But it
made him the hero of she day with all
tho Republicans and Revolutionists of
France.— Westminster Gazette.
Rome idea of the terrific force with
whicfi a bird passes '.broush the air may
be paino'i from the fact that a common
curlew flew through a piece of pate glass
a quarter of an inch thick at Turnberry
lighthouse, Ayrshire.
NEW TO-DAT
m ARGONAUT
¥4 OK
f '' ■ . v m u^V Bl n
J ' . ! ; : \',p *tw a m
mm WHI^FV
iiiliilill " il!lJ! * 1 - 1
Five Years
IliiH •In Wood '
|pll|jil| Bottling.
pii F MARTIN
fc^S 411 Market St.
SJSW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLrbPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. t.RNKaTJXK Kreli.no, Proprietor <fe Manacer
DON'T IVTISS THIS!
rp — — TO-NIGHT «I»
3EJC TIIK MERRY OPKRA, H
I "THE HOOLAH!" I
O BHIGHT MUSIC! O-
Xj "THE COVXTKV BAJCD." Xj
j^. Lovely Costumes! JSL.
3EI Beautiful Scenery ! J3E
"A Trip Through the Midway Plaisauce."
NEXT WEEK—
"MARITAKTA V*
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MECHANICS' PAVILION. ;
— - — TO-NIGHT, MARCH 11 —
FINISH
OF TH?; GKEAT
BICYCLE TOURNAMENT
Grand Final of the 10-MILE CLUB
. CUP KACE.
All the Prizes Will Ue Delivered To-
night Ili^h-Gridp -'96 Bicycle
• Given "as a Gate Prize.
Admission — Afternoon -sc. Evening 50c
: Kcserved seats on sal at Sherman, Clay & Co.^
SPECIAL C. A. C. V. BENEFIT THURS-
DAY NIGHT.
BICYCLE RACES!
"Grand. Testimonial Benefit '.V
California Associated Cycling Clubs
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
THUB DAY EVENING, MARCH 12.
OTTO ZIEGtTjER
Will ride . against the world's one-mile record.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
"-■ • ■.-. .-- (OAKLAND). -•■ '--.- -' :■•■•'
F EDKKIOK WADE.
To-nlght, "The Lion's Month": Thura. eve., "Vlr-
ginius" : ■ Friday eve.. --King Lear ; ; : , Sat. Matinee;
••Julius Cfesnr'! : B»t. eve , '"Damon and Pythias" ■
i'r SliT Choice seals now on s.ue.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
/RiCDLAfIQia.(iOTTLODo cp- ttiiCJAisruMAflißi-- ■
A j KNOCK-
CI<EA> I OUT I
The Company and the I'!»v Poth a Great Success.
EUQ^NB O'K,OTJ:R,KES
"THEWICEOWPOSTMAN!"
JOHN L. SULLIVAN. I'ADPY RYAN
AND PARSON' DA VIES.
Monday Next — -"A TEXAS STEER!'',
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
fABKWZLI WJEKK 1
w.t.carletm
~offla~compam!
SIATINEE TO-DAY AT t P. 31.
| EVERY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINEE.
"THE MIKABO ■!"
Prices— Night, 75c, sOc, 35c, 25c, 150.
. 3latinee, 50u, 35c, "sc, 15c.
jt&P&*T l-l EATR£ 'p*ops.
— -TO-NTIG-ST ■
HOTT'S
Greatest Success, the Stnpenilou«i Spec-
■ ' tacular 31u»ioal Comedy and Mili-
tary Satire,
T7t7"H:iTIS
. BRASS BAND, " NEWEST CATCHY MUSIC,
-; A LAUGHING SUCCESS!
50 PEOPLE 5O
Mte *^*J I iEA' s f'S^£ props.
S WeekB, beginning Mnnda}', March 16
"SOMETHING NEW UNDER THE SUN." ; .
First Time Here of the Picturesque Romantic
Comedy, ' .v.
"CAPT. IMPDDEKE" or "MEXICO !
'. By Edwin Milton Royle.
Management of Arthur C. Aiston.
Carload of Special Scenery, Costumed,
Calcium Lights, Properties and Jtiil'ects.
Seats on sale TIIURSD AY.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO. Sole Lessee and Managac
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Grand Proinct'on. After Weeks of .Preparation, of
the Incomparable English Success,
"THE SILVER KING"
Without a Solitary Exception
"The Greatest Dram;* of the Century."
JCvkntno Prick.*— 2so anJ 51i .
t .- : v . : Pamlly Circle and Oallerr. 100.
1 Fgual Matluees Saturday unti Sund»y.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Btocltioa ani Po^aK.
to IIGHT AND DURING the WEEK
IliS EXTRAORDKm ATTRACTIO.iS
NEW TO SAN FRANCISCO!
CHA3. £1. WARD,
The Famous siuger, Song-writer and Monologuiat.
IHK AJHOS FAMILY,
The Greatest Acrobatic Quintet in the World.
Return Engagement, for One Wee* Only, of
RACHIiL WALK
The Celebrated Creole NlghtTngale,
And Ou>' Feerles* Vaudeville Company.
. Reserved seats, SMOj fiatcony, 10c; Opsr* cai.n
and Box seat 3. SQa . . •
THE AUDITORIUM.
Friedlanueb. GoTTtoB&Co., Lessees&aionagers
. The Greatest oM hem All!
THURSDAY EVENING. MARCH 12,
SATUJ'-DAY ERNOOX, MARCH 14,
• : The World-Kenowned Wagnerian Singer,
KMK. AMALIA, MATKI'.X
And the «reat Bohemian Violinist,
— —-HE i:i: FRANZ ONDKICJ-.K
ISIDORE LUCKSTONE, Pianist.
Seats now on sa!e at Sherman. Clay & Co. :. ■
Pnc<s-50c, $!,$! 50 apd $'2.
THE WEATHER IS FINE, SO
Slioot the Chntes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon' and Evening.
ADMISSION— —10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go- Ride), 100.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
' (KAIN OH SHINE.) "
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION • Sl.OO. .
Take Southern F«clnc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 P. x.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to gran'i
stand. $1. "j Take Mission-street electric lm« dlreo*
to track. : ~ :
A . B. SPRECKEIA W. LKAKE, ,
* President, . t*creiar*
78
IN DEFENSE OF
HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Brown Tells What
She Knows of the
Great Scandal.
NOT EASILY CONFUSED.
Declares She Has Perfect Confi
dence in Miss Overman's
Present Honesty.
STARTLING EVIDENCE PROMISED
The Minister's Youn? Friend Is Again
a Witness— Old Letters Cause
Her Much Confusion.
The eager, ((aping crowd which gathered
yesterday morning in the d:irk gas-lighted
assembly-room where I>r. Brown's twenty
judges sit ami ponder over the testimony
placed before them and incidentally ask
embarrassing- questions, was doomed to
keen but not lasting disappointment.
The live hundred or more people had
together expecting to see the ac
cused pastor on the rack. They wanted to
hear his explanation of a few important
details around which now hang consider
able mystery.
Instead of this they saw only the leading
lady in the drama and later the reverend
gentleman's faithful spouse, upon whom
in reality falls the burden of Miss Over
man's acts, whether they be according to
Mrs. Davidson's interpretation or her own
-ion.
It was plainly evident that Mrs. Brown
fully understood her delicate position. She
had nothing to offer in the way of testi
mony except an expression of confidence
in her husband's integrity, a belief in Miss
Overman's present avowed purpose to tell
only the truth and an oft repeated opinion
tl at Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper was largely re-
Bponsible for the unhappy condition of
her household.
As a whole Mrs. Brown was an asr. eeable
witness. She was nearly always certain as
to facts, but wavering as to details. If it
waa shown she was mistaken as toany par
ticular matter she accepted it as a matter
rthy of a second's thought. True at
times she became slightly earnest, but
never actually combative.
The council was supposed to convene at
10:30 o'clock, but it was nearly forty min
utes after that when Moderator McLean
rapped for order. Every seat in the room
wa^ occupied, though the "standing mem
bers'' were not as numerous as usual.
Mrs. Brown, Miss Overman and Mrs.
Davis occupied teats in the Bret row. Im
ttely in front of them loomed the
portly form of Attorney Nagle, while on
his right was seen the slim figure and
sharp, heavy-mustacbed face of Deacon
Morse. On the left oi l'r. Brown's attor- |
ney was to be seen the 16-year-old son of j
the pastor.
Behind Mrs. Brown and her small circle j
of friends Bat Mrs. Cooper, her daughter
Hattie, Mrs. George Gaden and Mrs. Lena
Blanchard.
It was exactly ten minutes after 11 when
Attorney Nagie asked the council to ex
plain to him why the resolution declaring
Dr. Brown to be anything bat 8 clandes
tine man had been expunged from the
record. When tbis was made clear to the
pastor's counsel he asked that Mrs. Pad
dock be called.
Mrs. Paddock proved to be a middle
aged lady, with eyeglasses, a wonderful
memory and a diary. The witness recalled
with perfect distinctness that she was
ntattne church on the evenings of
December -4, 11 and 18. She knew this be
her "notebook" so recorded it. Mrs.
Davidson had not spoken at any of these
meetings, except the last, and then of her
own volition. Dr. Brown had not called
upon Mrs. Davidson, she was sure, because
the pastor's face bore a look of anguish
Bhe had never observed before.
Miss Overman was then placed on the
stand for cross-examination. She was as
guarded and wary as ever in her answers,
and it was not until near the close of the
mornine session that she demonstrated
the possibility of becoming confused.
Ti;e witness was closely examined con
ig the existence of other Tunnell
letters. She admitted, with a .«miie, the
possibility of two more, but could not be
mire until these precious documents were
placed In her hands. Then the prosecu
tion wanted to know something of the
alleged altered letters written to Mrs.
Davidson. The witness said there were
live in the original bunch, and that she
had destroyed all but one.
Judge Advocate Woodhams at this point
sprang a little surprise. He asked the
witness to identify, some ten or twelve
letters written from Tacoma to Mrs. David
son. Mr. Nagle objected. The moderator
could not why the prosecution should
s-how its hand at that stage, and he must
insist, therefore, that Mr. Nagle do not
further interrupt tiie examination by use
ejections and questions.
The letters handed Miss Overman for
identification have already been published.
They bear only indirectly on the case,
showing merely that the witness enter
tained a very high regard for Pastor
Brown. Miss Overman was much con
fused during tLe period of identification,
bat when she learned they had already
been civen to the public became airy and
even Bippant in Ler remarks.
At toe afternoon session Mrs. Brown
was placed on the witness-stand. Be
ginning with her marriage to Dr. Brown,
the witness ran rapidly over succeeding
events, touching lightly at Tacoma. and
then getting aown to the real meat of her
testimony by introducing the meeting
wi'h Mrs. Stockton.
The testimony of the witness was di
rected largely toward Mrs. Cooper. She
aecnaed that lady of being fully aware of
Mrs. Stockton .- character, and then of In
troducing her to I'r. Brown as a pure wo
man. Later on Mrs. Cooper acknowledged
to the witness and her husband that Mr*.
Btockton was a disreputable woman, but
had tied their hands by pledging absolute
secrecy.
Mrs. Brown s:ii.l that Mrs. Stockton bad
come to her husband on one occasion with
a view to seeking his aid in bringing to
tine a wealthy friend of hers who owed
bar something for an injury done in the
i ■:!-:. It was not offered in evidence
whether Pr. Brown aoceded to the wish oi
the winsome widow.
Then came the Turkish tea incident, the
?to-y told oy the witness being practically
i < -nine as that related t>y l>r. Brottn,
Mrs. Stockton and Mrs. French. Mrs.
Brown's full testimony and cross-examina
tion will be found in the proceedings as
printed in detail.
TheTe are all sorts of rumors Hying
about concerning evidence yet to be Intro
<iui id. Mr?. Cooper is said to have placed
in the possession of the committee on
charges testimony more incriminating
than anything offered so far. This is
denied by the members of the council,
though they admit having anonymous
charges under investigation, though so far
they have made but little progress.
1 ac council will meet this uioruing at 10
MRS. BROWN BEFORE THE COUNCIL.
[Sketched by a '"Call" artist.]
(/clock. An effort will be made to have
Dr. Brown called as the first witness.
DAMAGING LETTERS.
Mr. Woodhams Openly Assaults the
Credibility of Miss Mattle
Overman.
It was 11 o'clock yesterday morning be
fore the council emerged from their meet
ing-room, and it was observed that Judge
Advocate Woodhams' countenance wore a
determined and business-like expression.
Lawyer Parkinson, another council mem
ber who had been absent for several meet
ings, made bis appearance and sat at the
left hand of Moderator McLean.
Mrs. Dr. Brown and her son Valentine
arrived early; then came Dr. Brown's
physician and Dr. Brown's lawyer, Mr.
Nagle, and after them all came Miss Mat-
He < Herman, very much improved in ap
pearance since the last time she appeared
before the council.
Mr. Nagle, who was totally unconscious
of the thunderbolt in store for him, iisked
the moderator for an explanation of the
action of the council in having adopted
the Deacon Williams resolution and after
ward having rescinded and expunged it
from the record.
The moderator replied that the council
had refused to commit itself on the point
as to Dr. Brown baring had clandestine
meetings with any woman, and refused to
bind itself not to beat further evidence on
that point. It had been stipulated that
the council needed no further evidence
that Dr. Brown was in the habit of going
to or from the church with any woman
other than his wife.
Miss Julia A. Paddock was the first wit
ness called to the stand. Miss Paddock is
petite and gray, and assies her vision with
a pair of gold-rimmed spectacles hung by a
line gold chain. She produced a notepaper
memorandum-book, as clean and as un
rumpied as though it had come iresh from
the bindery, and, in answer to a question
by Mr. Nagle, read the following note en
tered therein under date of December IS
1895:
Church this eveni:ip. Anniversary of my
own dear mother's death. Raining little most
of the day.
On that evening, said Miss Paddock,
Mrs. Davidson either read a chapter from
the Bible or prayed, the witness could not
tell which. If it was a pra) - er it was full
of scriptural quotations and did not sound
like a prayer. Mrs. Davidson had her
head bowed and held a prayer-book in her
hand.
Dr. Brown did not say anything to or
about Mrs. Davidson, but he presented the
appearance ofja person in mental suffering
or inten>e mental anguish. He made no
remarks upon Mrs. Davidson's prayer or
reading. The witness was positive that
Dr. Brown did not call upon Mrs. David
son to read or pray at that time.
•He didn't open his head— or rather his
month, " explained the witness, in worldly
fashion. This hyperbolic expression
caused a smile.
The witness, in reply to Mr. Tenney,
said that Dr. Brown seemed ill during tiie
whole evening 1 .
Mi>s Mutiie Overman, at the request of
Mr. Nagie, was recalled for the purpose
of further cross-examination. In response
to the first question put by Mr. \Yood
hams she Mid that at the time she rewrote
and changed the letters written by her to
Mrs. Tunnell she also rewrote and
changed live letters written by her to Mrs.
Davidson. One of those letters was pub
lished i:> the newspapers and the four
others wore torn up and the pieces thrown
away by her. She had done the rewriting
by request of Mrs. Davidson.
The witness repeated, in reply to a
further question by Jud go-Advocate W og
hams, that she had brought down with
her from Tacoma the remainder of two
writing pads and some scraps of writ'ng
paper in her trunk. She alsj brought her
ink with her and a box of pens. She did
not remember whether they were Gil
lotte's No. 3 or Sp?ncerian.
At this stage of the proceedings Mr.
Woodhams announced that he hart, per
haps, a dozen letters written by nattie
Orerman to her beloved fr;end. Mrs. I>a
ridson, and that he proposed to have them
idcntilied and introduced i:: evidence. He
read the following sentence fmni one of
the letters dated February :'., 1 S05 :
I pm M ii laii to know that I am discussed hy
yourself and Dr. Drown, even ou any ml .
"That was in the original letter, sir. I :
dont recollect what it referred to."
Mr. Nagle, who appeared to bo very \
much annoyed when the letters were in
troduced, rose to his feet and objected. He
demanded that he and bis client be pt-r- !
pitted to read each letter through before :
it was put in evidence.
'Mr. Wood hams, what did you wish to
say about that?" asfeed Mr. McLean.
"I wish to say." replied the judge advo
cate, with an ice-cream-freezer glance at j
Atti rney Xagle, "that I propose to conduct !
the examination in my own way."
Moderator McLean immediately piled on i
an iceberg by announcing that Lawyer j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, IS9G.
Parkinson, who sat on his left hand, was
of the opinion that the judge advocate
hail charge of the introduction of evidence,
"and w° should be guided by him."
Air. Nagle, who was warm enough to
have started an Alaskan glazier In motion,
proceeded to argue upon this question and
the judge advocate remarked that he was
entitled to take a short cut to arrive at the
truth.
The judge advocate read the following
from a letter of February ti, 1896:
* * * I am glad to see you. If you will
pardon the expression, only a knowledge of
the truth, and tliiu his will and not mine bo
done keeps me here. My thoughts are con
stantly picturing you arid I>r. Brown in ihe
daily duties of life. * * * Of ten my eyes are
so dim that I can hardly see to attend to my
daily duties.
"That was written by me to Mrs. David
son." replied the witness after scrutinizing
tbe letter.
Here Mr. Nagle, who had been fidgeting
in his cliair, and upon whose rubicund
profile there lowered a scowl, interrupted
the proceedings with tbe demand that the
whole of the letter and not a part of it
Bhould'be put in evidence.
No notice was taken of Mr. Nagle s per
tnri alion, and another of the letters was
banded to Miss Overman, who identified
h as having been written by her to Mrs.
Davidson. She said that she would like to
have the privilege of taking the letters and
looking them over with the view of ex
plaining the references in them to Dr.
Brown.
Mr. Nagle announced that the letters
were a surprise to him. It was the tirst
time that he had seen them. He sug
gested that if was unfair to the witness to
ask her about them before she had had an
opportunity of reading them all.
Sir. Woodhams assured the gentleman
that Miss Overman would be given ample
opportunity for explanation.
Mr. Nagle continued to argue upon the
' proposition and was interrupted by Mr.
Parkinson asking whether the chair had
. not already ruled against Mr. Nagle on
that point. The moderator replied that
' he had, and Judge Advocate Woodhams
inquired, with a severe air, whether he
■ was to take the position that he had to
contend w:th an opposing counsel in con
ducting the examination of witnesses.
"Mere dilatory interruptions should not
be permitted. Mr. Woodhams should be
' allowed to conduct his examination in lm
own way," responded Moderator McLean.
The remaining letters were handed to
Miss Overman and identified by her as
having been written by her to Mrs. David
son. One of July 3 she said she had
I changed. A sheet was missing from some
i of the letters and Miss Overman asked
where they were. Mr. Woodhams assured
her thai he did not know. They were in
the condition in which he haa received
them.
Mr. Williams called the attention of the
council to the fact that the letters were
written on three different kinds and sizes
of paper. He asked whether that was the
case with the hlieyed changed and rewrit
ten letters of Miss Overman to Mrs. Tan
nell. Mr. Wood hams replied that such
was the case.
The hour of noon having arrived a
recess was had until 1:30 p. m.
MRS. BROWN'S STORY.
The Pastor's Lady Pays Her Com
pliments to Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper.
With eyes downcast and sunken, as
though drained 'dry by secret tears, the
I pastor's wife, who occupied the witness
stand during the entire afternoon session,
was the object of much absorbing and
painful interest. On her face rested a
shadow, which, though deep and dark,
could not obscure the traces loft by the
corroding touch of care. Sne had passed
a sleepless night at the bedside of her sick
ETusband and was plainly worn out phys
ically as well as mentally. Her testimony
was given in a low, plaintive voice, ren
dered deeply pathetic by the note of grief
and shame which ran through it. Only
once, when she referred to Mrs. Cooper as
the cause of all her husband's troubies,
did her tones ring out loud and clear and
with a force so direct and incisive that the
lady referred to winced and moved un
easily in her chair.
At ten minutes before 2 the members of
the council, who had been in secret session
for about an hour, filed into the lecture
room, where the public proceedings
opened with B prayer by the Key. Mr. Sink.
In the petition ur. Brown's name was
voiced in terms of respect and affection
and a blessing asked for him in his hour of
illness, and sore trial.
The prayer ended, Attorney Nagle re
quested that Miss Overman's cross-exami
nation be deferred for a time, and that
Mrs. Brown be placed on the stand.
"Dr. Brovn'i illness is such," explained
Mr. Nagle, "that Mrs. Brown may be
forced to remain with him constantly un
less there should be a sudden change for
the better in his condition. For fear that
she may be thus kept away I ask that her
testimony be taken now that she is here.' 1
At the invitation of the council Mrs.
Brown took the stand. She was dressed
very plainly , in black, ana her .face was
drawn and pale. During the examination
by. Nairle she was allowed to tell her story
in her own fashion, the attorney merely
directing her attention to certain points
which he wished to bring up.
"I was married to Dr. Brown in July,
1866,'' commenced the pastor's wife, "and
our family consists of four sons. Our mar
ried life has been a happy and united one.
1 rirst knew Miss Overman in Tacoraa,
where my husband waa pastor of a church.
She used to do sewing for me, and Dr.
Brown first met her at our lunch-table.
She came frequently to our house, and
during the few weeks preceding our de
parture for San Francisco she came almost
daily."
"Now," asked ; Nagle, "what do you
know of Mrs. Stockton?"
"In August or September, 1893, Mrs.
Cooper introduced Mrs. Stockton to my
husband as a teacher in one of her kinder
gartens. About a week afterward Mrs.
Stockton came to our house and asked Dr.
Brown to go with her to the house of a
rich gentleman friend, from whom, being
a widow with a child dependent upon her
and in need of means, she hoped to secure
financial aid. Dr. Brown accompanied her
thither, and I cannot recollect hearing
more of the matter.
"I next met Mrs. Stockton in October,
1893, when she volunteered to assist me in
preparing and serving the lunch which the
church ladies tendered to the members of
the general association which met in the
church parlors.
"I was never, that I can recollect, intro
duced to Mrs. Stockton, tiiough I plainly
remember her joining the church."
"Did you not try to exclude her from the
choir on one occasion?" interrogated
Nagle.
"Yes," answered Mrs. Brown, "though
not through any personal feeling of any
kind. In Tacoma I had had charge of
the choir, and on one occasion I
organized and directed a chorus of 400
voices. Hence, when the Smith revival
meetings were about to open in our
church, the task of selecting .singers was
assigned to me. Among the volunteers
for the choir was Mrs. BtOCKtOD, whom I
rejected, as I did not fancy her voice. No
personal feeling, I repeat, was involved in
my action, and it did not cause any ill
feeling. Mrs. Stockton continued to visit
me, an-J seemed as friendly as ever."
"Now, Mrs. Brown," remarked Nagle,
"perhaps you can give us a little light on
the famous Turkish tea episode?"
"One morning shortly before the tea,"
responded the pastor's wife, "Mrs. Stock
ton came to our house in great exciiemflnt
and indignation. She showed us a letter
from Mrs. French, wherein that lady re
quested her to refrain from taking part in
the programme of exercises at the tea,
assigning no reason for the request. Dr.
Brown and I went with Mrs. Stockton to
ask an explanation from Mrs. French.
"That lady persisted in her refusal to
give any reason for wishing to exclude
Mrs. Stockton from tne programme, and
displayed some anger during the inter
view. When we had left Mrs. French's
house, Mrs. Stockton was in a violent
rage, and demanded of Dr. Brown whether
he intended allowing;Mrs.French thepriv*
ileges of the. church. 'Certainly I do,'
was Dr. Brown's answer; 'you don't think
I'm crazy, do you?' At this, Mrs. Stock
ton left us in anger."
"When did you next hear from Mrs.
Stockton? inquired Nagle.
"Mrs. Cooper met us at a ministers'
meeting in the old Y. M. C. A. building,"
answered Mrs. Brown, "and asked to see
the doctor and me alone. After binding
us to the most inviolable secrecy, she
said: 'It makis me fairly ill to see you
with Mrs. Stockton. Do you know, she is
a bad woman?' In support of her asser
tion, Mrs. Cooper mentioned the name of
a gentleman as being her informant."
"Who was the gentleman?" queried
Nagle.
"I prefer not to state," was Mrs. Brown's
answer. "Dr. Brown and I have sorrow
enough in connection with this affair, and
we do not wish to make any one else suffer
by dragging lm name into the case. This
man, according ' to Mrs. Cooper's state
ment, asked her to employ Mrs. Stockton
as a teacher in one of her schools, which,
after some demurrer, she consented to do.
'I kept her,' continued Mrs. Cooper, 'as
long as decency would allow; but at last I
found it would" be impossible to keep her
any longer.' Must I repeat Mrs. Cooper's
woYds?" pleaded the pastor's wife, raising
her eyes in an appealing way to the rugged
countenance of the venerable moderator
"it was a terrible tale."
• "I think you had better repeat what you
can remember," answered Dr. McLean".
"Well, then," resumed Mrs. Brown in a
lower tone, a flush of shame passing over
her face, "Mrs. Cooper went on to say:
'The gentleman told me if I could not
keej) Mr*. Stockton with me to send her to
some other place. 1 sent her to Port An
geles, where in a short time her name was
carried about amid trreat scandal. She
was universally regarded as the gentle
man's mistress, and he was supposed to be
the father of her child.'
"These are, as far as I can remember,
Mrs. Cooper's exact words. Dr. Brown
asked her whether she had known Mrs.
Stockton's character when she introduced
her to us, and she answered: 'Yes; I
Knew it all the time.'
"We kept our promise of secrecy to
Mrs. Cooper until she turned upon us and
became our euemy. After the arrest of
Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Cooper sent my hus
band a very kind letter of sympathy.
Then, when Mrs. Stockton commenced to
figure in the affair Mrs. Cooper changed
her attitude entirely. She sent my hus
band an insulting letter which I opened
and put in the tire without lettine him see
it. "We often open each other's letters as
my husband and I have no secrets between
us. The letter was so grossly and heart
lessly insulting that I could not bring my
self to let the doctor see it."
"Now,"' observed Mr. Nagle, "let us hear
about Miss Overman's visits to your
house."
"Soon after our arrival here from Ta
coma," answered Mrs. Brown, "Miss
Overman wrote me a letter complaining of
hard times and lack of rest. 1 invited her
to come and take a rest with me. After
some delay she came, at my invitation, be
it remembered, and remained with us
about tive months. Then her people in
sisted upon her return, and I prevailed
ui>on her to delay her departure until Dr.
Brown went, as ne was going to lecture in
Tacoma. She waited, at my request, and
when Dr. Brown went she accompanied
him, with my consent and at my sugses
tion. I was unwell on the day of their
departure, but Valentine saw them off.
As I wished Miss Overman good -by I told
lier to lose no time in repeating her visit."
"Did she come again?" asked Mr. Nftele,
"She did," answered the minister's wife,
"though not at first to my house. On her
second visit to the City I noticed that a
change had come over her, and suspected
that Mrs. Davidson had something to do
with it. The first time I saw Mrs. David
son I took an intense dislike to her, though
I never could tell why. I invited Miss
Overman to my house a* number of times,
but she did not com*!, ana treated me with
marked coolness. I sought an explana
tion, and found that Mrs. Davidson had
told her that I had referred to'Mattieas
an object of charity. This was after Miss
Overman had left "Mrs. Davidson's com
pany. Mattie left on a Thursday night at
II o'clock, going to the Hotel Pierpont,
whence she telephoned to us, asking to
see the doctor and me. We repaired
thither the ensuing morning, and re
mained an hour, during which time the
misunderstanding which had threatened
our friendship was explained to our mu
tual satisfaction.
"I repeated my invitation offering her
the hospitality of our home. She said she
wished tirst to sec Mrs. Tunnell and get
her to come and Keep her company. In
the evening she told us over the telephone
that she had removed to the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel, where we went the next day,
Saturday, and found Mrs. Tunnell with
her.
"The following day, Sunday, Miss Over
man aim I met Mrs. Davidson. I gave
.Mrs. Davidson a. look whicn told her thai
I knew of her efforts to sow discord be
tween Mattia and me, whereat she be
came perfectly white about the mouth,
but showed no other sign of emotion. I
never saw Mrs. Davidson again till I saw
her in court. Miss Overman and I went
JULIA A. PADDOCK READING FROM HER MEMORANDA.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
out together, and I continued to visit her j
at her rooms, where 1 generally found !
Mrs. Tunuell with her. On the ensuing
Thursday, in response to my urgent and
oft-repeated invitation, she came to my
house, and has since remained there. I
wish to repeat that she came at my invi
tation and has remained at my earnest re- j
quest. Dr. Brown has had nothing to do j
with her coming or remaining."
Mrs. Brown proceeded to corroborate
the testimony of her husband with re
gard to the visit of the unnamed lawyer '
who called upon the doctor for a letter of |
recommendation for Mrs. Stockton, and to
the fact that the doctor refused to give
such a letter and ordered the lawyer out
of the house.
•'Do you think,', asked Lawyer Naele, !
"that there was ever anything wrong be- ]
tween your husband and Miss Overman?" '
"I know that there was not/ replied
Mrs. Brown, positively, with much em
phasis on the "know."
"Do you believe that your husband was
ever disloyal to you with Mrs. Stockton?"
"Never; with Mrs. Stockton or any other
woman," wad the equally positive and em
phatic reply. "I consider that no husband
could be more loyal than he has been
to me."
Mrs. Brown went on to say that the doc
tor opened and road all letters received by
her and that she opened and read all let
ters received by him, or that they were
read to her by him. At the time he re
ceived the letters from Miss Overman, j
after she had returned to Tacoma, Dr.
Brown read them to the witness. Some j
she read herself.
In cross-examination by Mr. Tenney,
Mrs. Brown said that she "had had such j
unbounded confidence in her husband that :
she never took any precautions to watch
him or investigate his actions.
She said also" that if Mrs. Cooper bad not
introduced Mrs. Stockton to Dr. Brown,
Mrs. Stockton would never have been re- j
ceived into the church. She (Mrs. Cooper)
knew that Mrs. Stockton was a bad j
woman. The witness took a dislike to
Mrs. Stockton, she did not know why, ex
cept that Mrs. Brown did not like Mrs.
Stockton's voice. The witness had heard
her sing two or three times in prayer
meeting and did not like it. Mrs. Stock
ton's name was mentioned as one of Uiose
to be selected for the choir, but she re
jected Mrs". Stockton and some others.
At that time "she had no suspicion that
Mrs. Stockton was a bad woman until as
sured of that by Mrs. Cooper.
Mr. Tenney put on his sweetest, his
most engaging smile as he asked :
Dr. Brown never told you about Mrs. Stock
ton throwing her arms around his neck and
kissing him?
No, sir.
Was not that an Indication that there were
not the utmost confidential relations between
you and your husband?
He tola me about it afterward.
But that was long afterward— several months
had gone. Now, if he had told you nt the
time would you have thought that sufficient
ground for considering Mrs. Stockton some
what of a loose character?
Why, no. 1 don't think I would. I would
have to have more grounds than that.
Did you think th«u a pure woman, knowing
what men are, could invite a clergyman to her
room alone and then throw her utma around
his neck and kiss him? Don't you think your
husband should have told you about it.
He told me soon afterward.
In reply to another question as to why
Dr. Brown was such an intense partisan
of Mrs. Stockton over the Turkish tea
affair, the witness said that her husband
did no more for Mrs. Stockton than he
would have done for anybody else. She
said also that when Mrs. Cooper intro
duced Mrs. Stockton to Dr. Brown, Mrs.
Cooper well knew that Mrs. Stockton was
not a good woman, and that Mrs. Cooper
NEW TO-PAT.
'11111 l' 1
Great Ease
And comfort in Buckingham & Hecht's
Shoes. Do not weary the feet; as com-
fortable as slippers. Every pair stamped
on the sole and inside the shoe —
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHT.
A guarantee of high quality and Home
production.
Kast's City Distributors,
738-740 Market Street.
knew also that if Mrs. Stockton's true
character were discovered Mrs. Cooper's
own name might be questioned. "Mrs.
Cooper is the bitterest enemy we ever
had," added Mrs. Brown.
Mr. Tunney took up Mrs. Brown's state
ment that it was she who had invited Miss
Overman to stay with her after the David
son affair, and that Dr. Brown had noth
ing to do with inviting her. Mrs. Brown
corrected tier statement by saying that she
had understood Mr. Tenney to inquire
about the first time Miss Overman came to
stay with tin,' Browns.
During the course of his questions Mr.
Tenney used the word "embraces" when
referring to the Stockton kiss, and Mrs.
Brown corrected him by saying that there
was only one embrace on that occasion so
far as she had heard.
In response to a question as to whether
the witness had seen the overwarm letter
sent by Mattie Overman to Dr. Brown
which called fortli Dr. Brown's allered
leiter 01 reprimand Mrs. Brown replied
that she did not remember having seen
that particular letter.
<>n being asked as to whether she knew
that Dr. Brown and Mattie occupied the
same section in the car on the trip from
this City to Taeoma she replied that she
wa» aware of it at the time and did not ob
ject to it.
Mr. Tenney pressed Mrs. Brown to re
late wbyDr. Brown had given Mr. Patton
$l'O for Mrs. Tunnell, and the witness re
plied that sne did not know why, unless
it was because Mrs. Tunnell was a poor
woman.
"Theti," suggested Mr. Parkinson, "that
NEW TO-DAY.
mipiius
COLORED
DRESSGOODS
Additional Novelties!
We have now a most Elegant
and Extensive Assortment of
everything correct in Novelty
Textiles, direct from the Best
European Looms.
THE LATEST
Figured Mohairs,
Genuine Redferns, -
Dresden Effects,
Genuine Scotch Suitings,
Check Snitings,
Handsome Mohair Crepons,
Silk and Mohair Crepons,
Changeable Mohairs,
Diagonal Mohairs,
SE DABLA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
The hand of fate hovers over the unwise, th*
youth who in error have dashed the cup of lif«
to the floor. It is a fearful. horror to be as
strong as an ox to-dar, to be weaic as a kitten
to-morrow. It is a solemn warning ; it should
be heeded. : Catch yourself in the nick of time.
If you cannot help yourself the
GREAT HUDYAN
Will help you. Hudyan is a purely vegetable
preparation, but is a powerful one. .
Hudyan restores, rebuilds, renews the fires of
life. It is for man. It is man's best friend. If
you suffer from weakness, from impaired or lost
manhood, if you have used up your kidneys or
injured your liver you should write and learn
all about the Great Hudyan. Circulars and
testimonials free. .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
!; SAN FBANOISUO, CAIj.
• Vi f \\\
ADJUST THE CURRENT BEFORE
you go to bed. That's the way you do
with Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is the
only belt made that can be regulated, and
makes the use of the electric current a deep
pleasure, as you see your strength growing
each nieht. You absorb a certain amount
of electricity into your body every night,
and as electricity is the force that feeds the
nerves, brain, sexual organs and stomach,
of course, it gives a natural vigor to all
these functions. It builds up a vigorous
manhood and womanhood. .-.'."■
If you -are weak or ailing try this famous
life renewer. Be true to your own consti-
tution. Don't, DON'T, DON'T make your
stomach a distillery for all the poisonous
drugs known to man. Study this subject
as a practical business matter, and, as you
would like evidence, read the little book,
4C Three Classes.of Men," which ia free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite I'alace Hotel. OfflC« hours; 8 a. U. to
8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. •
OFFICES AT:
LOS AXOELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
20 4 south Broadway. | 255 Washington street.
gT GRAND OPENING OF gj
jSg SPRING AND SUMMER |g
tg STYLES. . i |g
I'toC Stop paying extravagant prices *£jf^
jS» for your clothes ! You can get ,C3t
Stylish, Perfect-fitting Garments made to
order by JOE POHEIM, the Tailor, at
fyW PER CENT LESS than
j&7% any other house on the
"jL ■ Pacific Coast. £*
Business Suits, $13.50 to $25 j^y
(made to order)
Clay Worsted, S 17.50 to $40 /S£*?\
French Pique, 20 to 45^jHH^^4
All-Wool Pants, 4 to b^jfl Ml
Dress Pants, 6to 10 jHß|tf
Stylish Overcoats, 15 to 35 M»^os/
My Suits from $17.50 to $35 trlpl^
cannot be beat in the world for fj «v\l|
stylish cut, best of workman- I] ti i\jf
ship, trimmings, and quality* fijS Ml||
Joe Poheim JjM
The Tailor '%r ff^*
has no competitor in fine tailoring at moder-
ate prices. Perfect fit guaranteed, or no sale*
201 & 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
724 Market Street.
JJJO & Jll2 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
1 STHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE VOUB
X eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Ejrejlauai
with instmmenta -of ' hti : owa lnvenUoa,' vraoj*
•uperiorlty ha» not b«ea equaled, iijf saoo«w a*«
(ittndue to the merits ot my woiib
OlLce Hours— l 2 ioU.il
THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
—OF THE —
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
• OPEN UNTIL MIDMtiHT.
LI PO TAI JL, /T\
Chinese Tea and Herb LJL \
; Sanitorinm. S*^-«
No. 727 Washington St., V♦» \ J .
San Francisco, Cal. ■ V'wT W
Cor. Brenham Place, abovt ttOa' r\
tlieplaxa. J*X~~ ,-fw.
Office Houm: 9to 12, '^^ X± I ' JM&\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, » A.M. tol3 M.
U. Po Tai Jr., 6on of the famous LI Pj
Tai, has taken his father's business'
and Is, after eleven years* *tudy ia
China, fully prepared to locata an 4
treat all diseases.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Ib a powerful aphnxl'.* «.! >',w(:m (<v:»,<> «■- u»«
sexual and urinary «jr<a t* .-' Km* ».'.\v>» - *i> •
frreat remedy for dtaoasMM o;:vi .'■. < •/A V;«»k-
-der. A great Restorative l»vis<»4giir.^ji>4(^\-*%\ii'*;K
Sells on its owa M<-. -*'•.• Jv*J-*V**M .*».
monlals necessary. : ;
' ' ; >Ahfcß. AI.KS Jt «Kl>«\ *»-*m*»*, '
823 Market St., S. *\-' v ','.-£ V i,\v*«*»jwas something that your husband did not |
confide in you?' 1
"My husband confides everything to'
me," was the reply, with a very emphatic
stress of vo.'ce.
Mr. Parkinson continued to question
the witness as to Mrs. Tunnell's absence
and was informed that that lady was a
very nervous woman. Mrs. Brown said:
she '.vent away from here on Recount of her
health, and she is a very nervous woman. I
think Mrs. Tunncll preferred not to come back
on, account of her health. If she were here I
mink it would be a good thing. Knowing how
nervous she is, think it would be well probabtv
t.itu she should not come back. I think my
husband and Mln Overman spoke to Mr. Pat
ton about Mrs. Tunnell coming back, but I
uon t remember that they urged him to induce
her to come back.
The gold watch presented to Miss Over
man Before her return to Tacoma was the
gift of Mrs. Brown, as a souvenir of her re
gard for Miss Overman. Dr. Brown at
.Mrs. Brown's request went downtown and
selected the watch and brought it home.
In the afternoon Mrs. Brown presented
the watch to Miss Overman. That was a
week or two before Miss Overman left this
City. Mr. Parkinson asked:
What was your purpose in going to Mrs.
French's with Mrs. Stockton?
We proposed that Mrs. French should tell us
why she had stricken Mrs. Stockton's name
from the programme of ibe Turkish tea.
Did you think that she would tell you in the
... c of Mrs. Stockton?
No.
I'id Dr. Krown urge upon Mrs. French that
Bhe should replace Mrs. Stockton's name on
tuo programme?
He a>Kfd her to let the name remain there
Did Dr. »rown say to Mrs. French, "You may
have a shadow on your own home some time?"
' cannot repeat what was said. My husband
and Mrs. French wen- both very much excited.
ion knew at that time about Mrs. Stockton
having put her iinns about your husband's
neck and having kissed him?
I don't remember— l can't say— l think
probably I did.
The witness proceeded to say that Mrs.
Stockton's name was still on the church
roll and she did not know why. It was
also drawn out by Mr. Parkinson that Dr.
Drown did not tell his wife about his pay
ing Mrs. Davidson 5500 until two cr three
weeks after that payment Lad been made.
She saw that something was troubling
him and he told her he would tell her all
about it when the time came.
Mr. Sink asked whether Mrs. Brown had
ever tried to get from Mattie Overman any
explanation as to her changed behavior to
y artl her and Dr. Brown after Miss Over
man had returned from Tacoma. and Mrs.
Brown replied that she had taken a dis- j
like to Mrs. Davidson and she thought j
that if Mattie Overman wanted Mrs.
Davidson as her friend she could have her
h-" such. Mrs. Brown made up her mind
that when the time came she would find
out why Mattie treated her and her hus
band so uistantlv. She admitted that she!
thought that Mattie's explanation about j
changing theOverman-Tunnell letters was j
rather singular.
Dr. Mooar asked whether Mrs. Brown i
had not intercepted a letter from Mrs.
Stockton to Dr. Brown, requesting Dr. i
Brown to meet Mrs. Stockton at 4 o'clock j
that afternoon. The witness said that she ;
and her husband went to the appointed j
place, the corner of Montgomery and j
Gutter streets, and found Mrs. Stockton \
waiting there. She asked Mrs. Stockton I
whether she had written the letter, and i
Mrs. Stockton denied that she had ■
written it.
The attention of the witness was called
to that part of the testimony of Mrs.
Stockton in which Mrs. Stockton said that
sue had a conference with Dr. Brown and
Mrs. Brown in the doctor's oihee, in the
course of which she, Mrs. Stockton, con
■ to having had improper relation*
with Dr. Brown, and in which Dr. Brown
admitted tiiat such was the fact. The wit
denied point blant that any such
conference ur interview had taken place.
In answer to a question by Mr. Hoyt,
Mrs. Brown said that she was satisfied
with Mattie Overman's explanation of the
< >verman-Tunnell letters as published in
■■ivspapers, and that she believed that
1 r husband also was satish'rd with the
.nation made by Miss Overman under
•'Was Miss Overman aware of your.babit
of oftening Jetters addressed " to Dr.
\S.' asked Mr. Williams.;
• l Y<i ; II think she was. She used to see
me dim' \when she was in the house." .
Mrs. isrown also said that letters ad
dressed to Dr. Brown at his residence were
delivered there, and letters addressed to
him at the church were delivered at his
oi!ice in the church.
How could Mrs. StocktOD have been
near the corner of Sutter and Montgomery
streets at 4 o'clock if she had not written
the letter inviting the doctor to meet her
there?" asked Moderator McLean.
"She was not standing there. She was
walking there with another lady,"
hastily answered Mrs. Brown, "but she
assured us that she didn't write the note.
I had to take her word for it."
"And if Dr. .Brown had gone there alone
be would have met Mrs. .Stockton?" pur
sued the moderator.
"I don't know, I'm sure."
The witness went on to say that her
husband brougut the notes to her that had
been written by Mrs. Stockton inviting
him to the corner of Montgomery and Sut
ter streets. She waa not aware that her
husband was familiar with Mrs. Stock
ton's handwriting. That was after the
Turkish tea.
"Hadn't he before that time received a
note from Mrs. Stockton inviting him to
call upon her at her room before the kiss
ing episode?" asked a member of the
council.
'I suppose so," was the reply.
'■If you had in your mind then what
Mrs. Cooper had told you about Mrs.
Stockton's beint; a bad woman,'' asked
Moderator McLean, "would you and your
husband have izone down there to meet
her? It probably maybe that this writ
ten invitation was given before Mrs.
Cooper had given Mrs. Stockton this bad
reputation after the Turkish tea?''
.''lt may be so," replied Mrs. Brown.
The council adjourned until iO o'clock
this moraine.
DR. H. H. THRALL DEAD.
The Pioneer Dentist Succumbs to the
Effect* of a Fall.
Dr. Henry H. Thrall, the well-known
dentist, died early yesterday morning at
hi« home, 619 Pine street. His death will
be a great shock to his many friends, as it
was wholly unexpected, being the result
of an accident. He slipped on the snow
covered stepa while entering his residence
just a week since and fell violently striking
his head. The fall caused concussion of
the brain, which resulted in paralysis and
eventually death. He did not recover
consciousness after the accident.
Dr. Thrall was one of the best known of
the men who came to California in 1819.
He was born in Syracuse, N. V., in 1824.
Immediately upon reaching San Francisco
be established himself as a dentist and
continued to enjoy a large and lucrative
vractice till his retirement a few years
ago.
lie early interested himself in the
National Guard; becoming a charter mem
ber of Company 13, First Infantry Regi
ment, N. G. C, known as the City Guard,
in lrt.")J. lie was made alieutenant-colonel
on the staff of General John McComb,
nl Brigade, in IS'X), and served after
ward on the staff of Colonel W. 11. Smed
burg. Eventually Dr. Thrall was retired
with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.
Dr. Thrall was a member of the Society
of California Pioneers and of the California
Commanderv of the Knights Templar.
The latter will have charge of the funeral
and services, which will take place at the
Masonic Temple to-morrow afternoon at
1:30 o'clock. TT
The deceased loaves a widow. He was a
sympathetic and charitable man, and
tl.ere will be a host of friends to mourn
bis loss. '
Stolen Articled.
The police have in their possession several
articles found upon a well-known thief. Among
them are a lady' 6 small open-face silver watch,
t pair of gold sleeve buttons with , a small dia
mond in the center- a large j locket with a
knieht's head on one side and Initials ou.tne
tuner, and several while and colored handker :
chiefs with initials on' them. They are evi
dently the proceeds of a burglary or ourglanes
»nd the police want owners for them.
THE STRANGLER
STALKS AT LARGE
Berthe Paradis' Murderer
Yet Undiscovered by
the Police.
WAS THIRD IN A SERIES
She Was Found Throttled in Her
Vile Den on St. Mary's
Street.
RAGS STUFFED IN HER THROAT
Many People Arrested on Suspicion,
but the Mystery Seems Greater
Than Ever.
Within thirty days the deadiy fever of
murder has run riot in the tenderloin.
May McDermott wan strangled first by
some unknown in her den at 137 Morton
street. Then May Conboy was murdered
in her resort just across the way. Finally,
yesterday morning Berthe Paradis was
also assassinated in her abode at 27 St.
Mary's street Dy some miscreant who is as
much unknown as he is at large.
The main facts of the killing were given
in yesterday morning's Call. The woman,
who in the prosecution of her infamous
trade had to be conspicuous in her neigh
borhood, was seen with innumerable men
and women of her class until 1:30 o'clock
in the morning, when she and some
friends were served with drinks in the
dingy rooms she occupied. Later, prob
ably an hour afterward, her "friend,'' who
bears the relation of husband to her in
their circle, discovered her dead body
lying across the bed.
The woman's mouth was stuffed with a
bandana handkerchief and a towel, and
later this morning a long carpenter' s pen
cil, Mat on one side and rounded on the
other, was found under the bureau in the
room. Its condition indicated that it had
been in use during the stuffing process.
Aside from this pencil there is abso
lutely nothing on which the slightest clew
might be worked by the detectives, who are
'•stumped" in the case just as they have
been in that of poor May McDermott.
in fact they are of the belief that t^e
two women may hav>" been killed by the
same person. The details of these mur
ders are much alike. Both women were
very frail, physically as well as morally.
They had both been drinking and both
having been seen to enter their lodgings to
receive visitors at about the same hour,
were found in identical positions on their
beds, the murderers having disappeared.
The question arises now, not only with
the detectives, but with the women of the
victim's sphere, whether the "Denver
Strangler" has not reached this City.
The nemesis they are afraid of is the un
known, who, in Denver, Colo., in Novem-
Berthe Paradis, the Woman Who Was Strangled to Death Yesterday Morning by
an Unknown in Her St. Mary Street Den.
[From a photograph.]
be?, 1894, strangled three French cour
'■ tesans and a Japanese woman. All his
■ crimes were committed much in the same
j manner as were these, and the murderer
has never been captured.
A feature in the present case crops forth
; from the lij s of one of the women living
opposite 27 8t Mary's street. She said:
"The police drove us out of Morton
street and we went to Dupont. 'Blanche,'
i as we called Bertha, went to live at 408
! Dupont street, and she was driven out of
i there. Here we are crowded in this back
j alley, right under the shadow of the
I cathedral. Look ur> there!" she ex
claimed, pointing to the towering sieeple.
"Do you reau that sign?"
The sign beneath the clock wr.s easily
j read — "Son, observe the time and flee from
evil."
•'Just you put, 'Girls, fly from evil,' and
you'll have it right. We won't want the
police to drive us out; we'll just gel of our
own accord. This choking business is get
tinir too promiscuous."
As a matter of fact the women of the
town, in the districts where dwell the
lower class, have been in fearful dread for
the past few weeks that the mysterious as
sassin might come their way, and while
the murderer's hand has claimed two vic
i tims the result has been to drive many of
' the outclassed ones into private life.
Bertha Paradis, the murdered woman,
was born in Alsace, thirty-two years ago,
whence, as a yountr woman, she went to
Lyons. It was there that she met Cesar
Chabert, the first man who yesterday
found her dead. With him she consorted
and led the life in France she continued to
lead in this City. He, a big burly individal,
weighing over 200 pounds, permitted the
frail little woman of half that weigiit to
be his means of livelihood.
In telling his story to Captain Lees after
the murder he stated in a manner most
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
frank that he had never worked since he j
met "Berthe." Later, at the Morgue, vhere j
he viewed the corpse, he wept lilce a child, |
his heart seeming to rise into his overlap, j
ping throat. Sobbing in a most pitiful
manner, he exclaimed:
"Berthe! Berthe! pourquoi mas tv
I quitte?" Meaning in English. "Bertha!
Bertha! why did you leave me?"
The man was thoroughly in earnest and
was heartbroken. He had lost his best
friend and his grief was uncontrollable.
Around him were a few men of his class,
all big and sturdy enough to drive drays
or do longshore work, but who, like
Chabert, rely for a livelihood on the out
cast women of the town. They all sym
pathized with the friend who had met
with such a great misfortune, and
endeavored to console him with the infor
i mation that she could only have lived an
j other month according to the autopsy's
j revelations.
The autopsy showed that the woman's
left lung was completely gone and there
was little left of the other. Consumption
had completely eaten her and the slight
est pressure on her windpipe could have
caused death.
This man Cesar Chabert was taken into
custody by Captain Lees' men shortly
after the body was found, but he was re
leased during the afternoon, the fact that
the woman alive was worth more to him
than the woman dead being prima facie
evidence that he did not kill her.
August Miller, the barkeeper in the
Asior saloon at the corner of St. Mary and
Pine streets, was one of the last men who
saw the Paradis woman alive. He spoke
to her at 1:30 o'clock in the morning when
she had him send some drinks into her
den for herself and two visitors — L. J.
Marks of 1120 Twenty-fourth street and
George Malgren of LOB Minna street.
These two men were strangers to each
other, having met in the Astor saloon,
where both were drinking and shaking
dice prior to visiting the Paradis woman's
abode and following it up by visits to a
number of other dens. The "drinks they
took in den L' 7 were served to them by
Oscar Seidenhoff, a waiter, who runs
errands between the Astor saloon and the
houses of ill repute in that district.
The two visitors were arrested, but were
released almost immediately after mak
| ing their statements. Their movements
during the entire night until after the
body was found were detailed, investi
gated and found true, forming an alibi
sufficient to cause their release.
Late last night Captain Lees was again
handling Cesar Chabert, the dead
woman's alleged husband. He wanted
him to explain his life with her more in
I aetaii. The fellow went over the ground
jof their meeting in Lyons, France, and
their coming to this country. He had
never had an anery word with her. The
bandanna found stuffed down her throat
i was one he had purchased her as a token
I of affection because she used snuff, and
I the stains were not so apparent on a red
i handkerchief as on a white one.
Chabert stated that he felt quite ill, and
I for the past three years he has remained
j in repose in the "room he anc* the dead
i woman jointly occupied at 528 Pine street.
He was there all of Monday until about 3
o'clock, when he went put to purchase
some chops and vegetables.
"I always did the cooking for us both
and our friends," he said, "his eyes bright
ening. "I'm a very good cook; I know
what's good."
The woman came home for her evening
meal and remained with Chabert until
7:1"> o'clock, when she retu ned to iier
place of business. Chabert fe.t weary and
lay on the lounge smoking and dozing
until 10 o'clock at night, when he thought
a stroll would do him good. He waked
to the University saloon, near the Poodle
dog restaurant, nearly a block and a half
away, to see his friend, the proprietor,
Monsieur N. Sandoz»
Feeling tired he rested himself there
until after midnight, eating meanwhile to
get strength enough to go and see the
woman who was toiling for him in the
alley. He found her dead.
Captain Lees feels that the present cas3
is as mysterious as any he has yet had to
handle, but he is sanguine tha 1 if hard
work can wipe away the mist and la." Hare
the murderous villain it will not be long
before he will have the strangler in cus-
tody.
For the first time in years Captain Leei
had his hair cut yesterday.
THE MARCEAU CASE.
Preparations, ]>eing Made by the Wife
to Vindicate Her Name.
Mrs. Marceau is still guarding the most
rigorous seclusion tti her rooms at the
Palace Hotel, where, under lock and key,
she is preparing a cross-complaint. The
lady positively declines for the present to
speak for publication; but her mother,
who is staying with her, is somewhat
more communicative.
"The manner in which Mrs. Marceau
has been treated," she remarked last night,
"is heartless and brutal to the last degree.
It is very hard : for. me to see how this
thing is preying upon her mind, realizing
as I do that I am powerless to help her.
"At the same time a day is coming, and
very shortly. when the truth, will appear,
and the falsehoods which have caused my
daughter so much ; suffering ; will be ; re
futed. Mr. Marceau's conduct has been
most unfeeling and unscrupulous."
• — * — •
Zimmerman Pleads Not Guilty.
Genre W. Zimmerman, charged with using
the United States mails for the purpose of
fraud, when arraigned before Judge Mor
row in the United States District Court
pleaded not guilty. Zimmerman lives in
Siskiyou County, and it is there the offense
against the Government is alleged to have
been committtd.
WILL BRING CHEAP COAL
H. W. McNeill Has New Mines
and May Ship to This
City.
WILL CAUSE A CUT IN PRICES.
He Worked for Five Years to Get the
Property— Owns Many Other Mines
in Different Places.
H. W. McNeill, formerly Western man
ager of the Oregon Improvement Com
pany, Seattle, and with his brothers owner
of seven large coal mines in different parts
of the country, is at the Palace.
He has recently developed a large coal
mine "only five days distant from San
Francisco," as he puts it, and is thinking
seriously of shipping coal to this City.
"If I do," he said, "you may look out for
a big cut here in prices. I have lately de
veloped a number of veins in this prop-
11. W. McNeill. Formerly Western Manager of the Oregon Improvement Company,
Who Contemplates Sending Coal lie re and Causing a Big Cut.
\Skttched from life, by a " Call " artist.]
erty, and I am now going to run a 1500-foot
tunnel in it, which will fully develop the
extent of the coal.
"I was live years trying to get this prop
erty, and finally succeeded, after a good
deal of effort. I had a notion to try ship
ping the coal here. I think I can open
eyes before I tret through, for I will sell a
great deal cheaper than coal is being sold
for now."
Mr. McNeill is a man with whom de
veloping coal mines and building rail
roads has been a life business. His East
ern home is at Oakland, lowa. He
discovered, developed, and, with his
brothers, now owns the extensive coal
mines there. He also owns others near
by in Nebraska County, lowa. He also
bought some time since the extensive coal
mines at Banff, British Columbia.
"This property consists of about 10,000
acres of coal lands at the Canadian Pacific
crossing of the Rocky Mountains," said
Mr. McNeill. "We have been operating
them five years. They are 000 miles from
tidewater. * The coal is true anthracite and
because of this is admitted free of duty in
the United States.
"We had quite a fight and had to prove it
was anthracite betore the Government
would accept it, so there in now no ques
tion about it. vVe are shipping now about
100,000 tons a year. Our market is from
Winnipeg to "Vancouver. . We have a
crosscut tunnel in now showing fully 100
feet of anthracite.
"This mine will be a great property
eventually, but that most concerns one's
children. Of course, 100,000 tons a year is
no coal, so far as shipments are concerned.
We have sent a little to Spokane, Helena,
Seattle and some other points, but only a
littie, in order to test it."
Mr. McNeill is developing other mines
in different sections. He is largely
interested in the Victoria Consol
idated Gold Mining Company, a
hydraulic property at Cariboo, B.
Gii He is also interested in the
Kootenai mines, and in a cinnabar prop
erty in the Holmaleo River country, over
400 miles north of Vancouver.
Mr. McNeill will be here several days,
and while here will look up the facilities
for landing his coal here. The property
from which he is thinking of shipping to
.San Francisco is on. the upper coast and
the last acquired by him.
He was one of the builders of tne lowa
Central .Railroad.
THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS
Native Sons' Hall Chosen as the
Place and May 4 the Time
of Meeting.
Woman in Government Will Be the
Theme, but There Will Be Many
Subdivisions.
The programme for the Woman's Con
gress is practically completed. A few
topics are not yet assigned, owing to the
delay in communicating with the speakers.
The time of the assembling of the con
gress has been changed to the week be
ginning May 4 in order to secure the Na
tive Sons' Hall. There will be a prelimi
nary public meeting for the purpose of
presenting the plans of the* congress
shortly prior to its assembling.
. Mrs. Lovell White and Mrs. George W.
Haigut of Berkeley have been elected
members of the advisory board in place
of Mrs. W. E. Hale and Mrs. Charles 8.
Nash, resigned.
The programme for the congress is as
follows:
Monday — "Government"; address of wel
come, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper; response, Miss
Susan B. Anthony. Introduction of speakers,
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper. "Analysis of Govern
ment." "Beginning of Government," Mrs.
Charlotte Perkins-Stetson. "Functions of Gov
ernment," President Kellogg. 'Failure in
Government." "Evolution of Government,'
David Starr Jordan. "Present Status of Gov
ernment." "Trend of Government To-day,"
Rev. Anna tf.Hhaw.
Tuesday— "Form of Government," "The
Chief," Mrs. William Keith. "The King." Miss
Nellie Conners. "The Emperor," "Tne People,"
Mrs. Stetson. ''The Family," Miss Catherine
Gray don. "The Tribe," Mrs. Frances Fuller
Victor. "The Stale or Kingdom," Mrs. Mary
Preg. "The Nation," Miss Eliza D. Keith.
"What Americans Came From and What We
Came For," Rev. Anna ri. Shaw. -'What We
Did for the World." "What We Are Now," Dr.
E. A. Ross.
Wednesday— "Woman as a Popular Myth,"
Miss Cordelia Kirkland; "Woman as a Plain
Fact," Miss Sarah Severance; '"Woman as a
Social Factor," Mrs. Eliza A. Orr; "Woman as a
Social Sufferer," Rev. Eliza Tupper Wilkes;
"Woman in Religion," Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean;
"Woman in Poetry," "Woman in Fiction,"
Mrs. Lovell White; "Woman as She Was and
as She Is," Rabbi Voorsanger; "Woman as She
Is Said to Be," Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson;
"Woman as She Will Be," Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
Thursday— "A Historic View," "Primitive
Woman," Miss Sarah Gamble; "In Savagery,"
Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster; "In Barbarism,"
Mrs. E. G. Greene of Santa Cruz; "In Ancient
Civilization," Mrs. George Oulton; "In China
and Japan," "In India," Miss Sarah B. Knmlin ;
"In Northern Races," Miss Agnes Manning;
"In Feudalism," Mrs. Mary Field of San Jose;
"Our Foremothers," Charles Murdoek; "in
Modern Europe," Mrs. Ellen M. Henrotin; "In
America To-day," Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
Friday— "Great Queens," "The Queen Dow
ager," Mrs. B. Sturtevant Peet, "The Power
Behind the Throne." "Mothers of Great Men,"
Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt; "Heroines of History,"
Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs; "Mothers in Israel,"
"The Slave as Ruler," Mrs. George T. Gaden;
"Women in War Time 6." Mrs. E. O. Smith of
San Jose; "The Loaf-Giver," "Woman's Stake
in the Country," Miss Sarah Severance; "The
Mothers, Old and New."
Saturday— Claims, general and special:
"Housekeeping and City Keeping." Hon. Tay
lor Rogers; "Nature's Nurse and the Public
Health," Dr. Harriet Masson; "The Right of
Representation," Mr?. Alice Moore McComas;
"Women as Citizens," Mrs. Enima Seckel Mar
shal: "Reaction ot Injustice," Miss barah Sev-
erance; "Private Spirited Mothers," Rev. Anna
H. Shaw; "A New CitUenßhit,," Mrs. A. A.
Sargent, Mrs. Mary A. Swift, Miss Mollie K.
Connors; "A Stronger Home; How Far is
Woman Adapted and Adaptable to Political
Functions," Professor 11. 11. Powers: "Chil
dren of a Larger Growth," Rev. Anna Shaw;
"Practical Ktliies for the Home and Govern
ment," Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper.
Sunday— Sermon by Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
Miss Shaw and Rabbi Voorsanger will
debate the question of suffrage for women
at a public meeting to be held in this City
in the near future.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red
Letter
Days."
It isn't the few dollars we
make (or don't make) now
— it's future business we
count on.
There is only one kind of
furniture to sell that will
make future business.
Here is a brand new Par-
lor Table — just in (ioo of
them).
Too pood for a "salp"?
Yes. but not too good for "Red Letter Days"—
can't be.
54.60.
Good size :
Top two feet square.
Carved and ornamented.
If it cost $20 the polish wouldn't be any better—
impossible.
We have only ioo of this
style.
Some in quartered oak.
Some in natural birch.
Some in mahogany finish.
Your choice of wood —
$4.60.
Remember — ioo is not
very many (we sold 54
rockers in 4 hours) — "Red
Letter Days."
See them in the window— center window.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole A Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. : _______
SPECIAL BARGAINS
TO-DAT
lU
'wmmmmmmm NEW wmmmmmmm
SPBIBG_fiOODS
Although all offerings throughout our magnifi-
cent new stock are Bargains when taken in com-
parison with prevailing retail prices, we offer our
to-day's patrons the following and many other
EXTRA SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS !
PARASOLS PARASOLS !
At SO Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS; in gloria, in black only, unlined, will be offered at 50c.
.A.t 73 Conts.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria, ruflk'd trimmed, unlined, will be offered at 75c.
A.t $1.00. \
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, Jined in black, will be offered atsl.
At 61.50.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, double rufile, in black, will be offered at $1 50.
jA.t 00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, double and treble ruffle lined, will be offered
at $2.- !•■::.""
$1.50 to 97.50.
LACE PARASOLS, in gloria, surah and gros-grain, trimmed with chiffon and French
lace, from $1 50 to $7 50.
_a_t di.oo.
LADIES' 24-INCH BLACK SUNSHADES, paragon frames, natural handles, will be
offered at $1.
j£SJt 61.75.
LADIES' FANCY SHADED PARASOLS, witn natural handles, this season's im-
portation, will be offered at $1 75.
WHITE PARASOLS.
WHITE PARASOLS, in cotton, China silk and lace trimmed, in all the latest shap««
and designs, from 75c to ?6 00.
BLACK AND COLORED PARASOLS.
In ruffle, shaded, striped and lace trimmed, in all the latest styles, from $3 to $10 each.
LACE DEPARTMENT!
_£Lt 15 Coxits «*. "y«,x"cl.
CREAM NORMANDY VALENCIENNES AND POINT DE PARIS LACES, 4, 5 and
tj inches wide, regular value 25c.
At 25 Cents a, Yard.
BUTTER NET-TOP POINT YEN ISE LACE, 5, 6 and 7 inches wide, regular price 45c.
At 85 Cents *i Ynrd.
CREAM AND BLACK CH ANTILLY LACE, all silk, 5, 6 and 7 inches wide, regular
value 40c.
EMBROIDERIES!
jA.± 15 Cents a, T*arci a
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBKOIDERY, regular value 25e.
HANDKERCHIEFS!
-A.t 12 Cents Each.
1000 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular value $2 40 per dozen.
GLOVES! GLOVES!
At 35 Cexxts.
700 pairs 5-HOOK AND 4-BUT KID AND UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, odd
sizes and slightly soiled, colors and black, reeular value $1, will be closed out at
35c a Dair.
A.t 45 Cexxts.
800 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in tan, mode and slate shades, regular
value $1, will be closed out at 45c a pair.
__3_.t SO Cents.'
750 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, colors mode and slate, regular value 85c, will be
closed out at 50c a pair. • '; ,v
At 75 Cexxts.
600 pairs 5-lIOOK KID GLOVES, in tan, mode and brown shades, also black, regular
value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
At 9O Cents.
500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), in colors and
black, regular value f 1 50, will be closed out atTtOc a pair. ' . . ■
MEN'S 1 BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
. .At 25 Cents.
150 dozen BOYS' CALICO AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with two pleats in back
and front, in a variety of handsome patterns, worth 50c, will be offered at 25c each.
- - .At 35 Cents.
75 dozen Boy's FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, in very handsome patterns and all
.a* sizes, worth 65c, will be offered at 35c each. _^} "
At SO Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made of eood heavy mnslin
and trimmed with silk and embroidered trimmings, extra value for 75c, will be
offered at 50c each. ' •
■ At 15 Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED MERINO SOCKS, in assorted vicuna shades,
worth 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair. , .
' - .<:■■: _A.t 2O Cexxts.
150 dozen, MEN'S FULL- FINISHED IMPORTED COTTON SOCKS, with double-
spliced heels and toes, in assorted tan shades and black, worth $4 a dozen, will
be offered at 20c a pair. .
". : : ■■■ ■. At 00.
76 dozen MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRALIAN LAMBS-WOOL UNDERSHIRT 3
AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, worth $1 50, will be offered at
; Si each. .
LADIES' WAISTS!
At 5O Coxxts.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of percale yoke Lack, in fancy stripes and checks,
laundried collar and cuffs, price 50c. ;',>/. *
At 00.
100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of fine lawn, French percales and dimi-
ties, laundried collar and cuffs, regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1. .
/MfWs**^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Martot Street corner of Jones, /
910
TEN-MILE RECORD GOES
In the Club Cup Race H. W.
Squires, Acme, Brings It
Down to 24:59.
EDWARDS IS A WONDER.
He Lowers the Eighth, Quarter,
Half, Three-Quarter and One Mile
Indoor Marks.
There was the same close exciting fin- j
ishesand the same interested, enthusiastic
crowd at the Pavilion bicycle races last
nisht which have characterized the previ
ous nights of the tournament. The men
are now so thorough ly accustomed to the
track that they tear around the steep
curves with a speed and recklessness
which seem hazardous in the extreme,
when in reality' they are as safe as though
upon a perfectly level course.
There is nothing particularly new among
the exhibits this week except the arrival
of another sextet, enameled yellow, which
is vicing with the maroon-finished one for
a larjre share of the public's attention.
The meet to be held Thursday evening
oi this week under the auspices of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs will
receive the support of all the wheelmen,
and as the association will derive all the
benefit if it is successful a tidy sum is as
sured its treasury, which is now somewhat
depleted owing to the expensive prize list
for the recent twenty-five mile roaurace.
Otto Ziegler Jr. will rule an exhibition
mile against time and Floyd McFarland,
W. A. Terrill and other crack local men
who have not been seen at the present
tournament will compete in special events.
Oscar Osen, J. E. Edwards, Cnarlejr Wella
and all the other speedy men will also
ride.
The programme which has been ar
ranged for the associated clubs' beneht
Thursday night is a particularly attractive
one, as will be seen by the following: One
mile scratch, invitation ; one mile profes
sional, for Osen, Campbell and other
cracKs; one mile scratch for winners of
semi-hnals who have not won a prize;
mutch race at rive miles between George
Tan tan, Olympic, and T. A. Griffiths, Bay
City; one mile dealers' race; record trial,
Otto Ziegler Jr., against world's mile in
door record. Other events will probably
be added as they occur to the committee
oi wneelmen in charge of the affair. C.
M. Smith, Garden City Cyclers, will
probably try for the world's unpaced half
iuile record, which he feels certain he can
lower considerably.
The gate prize offered by the manage
ment was drawn for during the evening
and won by the holder of ticket No. 19,467.
TLe drawing was from a large glass globe,
the ticket being picked out by little Hector
McNeill, son of 1). R. McNeilL
A. A. Hanson of Minneapolis, long-dis
tance champion cyclist of the world, ar
rived here yesterday from Minneapolis,
and was at the track ia3t night. He holds
tlie track records from thirty to 100 miles,
and a road record of 575 miles in twenty
four hours. During L 894 his mileage rec
ord on the road was 21.053 miles, which
has never been equated, iiie nearest any
one ever came to it oeing some 14,000 odd
miies. He will remain on the Coast for
sniiio time, and may be seen in competi
tion here.
J.W.Thomas of Syracuse, N. V., also
arrived here yesterday. He is interested
in a large factory there. He was surprised
at the immense crowds and excellent rac
ing at the indoor tournament, and he
had never seen anything like it, in the
Kast.
The wonderful Fowier sextet wiil be
ridd'.-n in the park again next Sunday,
manned by K. 1\ Ayiward. Acme Club;
AW A. Terrill, Bay City Wheelmen; Uscar
Osen, Olympic Cvclers,and Messrs. Bmith,
Kavlin and Sp;ildina;, tiie cycling editors
of the Examiner, Chronicle and Call re
spectively.
The evening's racing commenced with a
haif-mile handicap, ana on account of the
number of entrams it was found necessary
to divide the race into nine preliminary
heats, four senii-nnulx and a linal. B. J.
Kaynaud, Bay City, won the first heat in
I :U5 4-5, having 40 yards' handicap. The
second heat went to C. I>. Gooch, Reliance,
in 1 :04 it-5, from WJ yards. 11. Sternberg,
California, won the third from GO yards in
1:05. N. Ackerniun, San Francisco Road
Club, took the fourth in the same time
from 35 yards. The next heat went to H.
B. Freeman, Bay City, in 1:05 2-5, handi
cap 40 yards. A San Jose rider took the
sixth heat, Tony Dehua.-' winning in 1:04
from HO yards handicap. G. Krafts, unat
tached, won the seventh in l:0T> from 55
yards. The eighth went to G. A. McKay,
iiay City, 1:04 4-5 from, 45 yards. In this
heat B. F. May, Imperial, had a. narrow
escape. His wheel slipped on the last
turn and he went sliding against the rail
ing. As it was padded he escaped unhurt.
Another Bay City won the ninth, A. L.
Holling, ironi 45 yards, his time being
1 :07 2-5.
At tnis juncture the announcer stated
that John E. Edwards, the crack of the
Olympic Club, would try for the mile in
door record, jiiiced by Etran and Jaegiingof
the Imperial Ciub on a tandem. The pace
did not seem very fast at the start, but it
livened up perceptibly as the hali-mile
mark was passed. His time for the frac
tions of the unle were: Eighth 10 seconds,
quarter :31 4-5, haif 1:02 1-5, three-quarters
1:34, mile 2:06 1-5, which lowers the former
record six seconds. Edwards was loudly
cheered when the audience learned of 'his
performance, which was very remarkable.
There were seven heats to the mile
scratch, besides two semi-finals and a final.
Delmas, Garden City, won the first heat
rather easily in 2:30 2-5. J.C.Williamson,
Santa Rosa, won the second heat in 2:32.
Lefevre, Acme, fell in this heat, and after
ward claimed Williamson fouled him, but
his claim was not allowed.
F. L. Daly, Bay City, won the third heat
by stealing a march on ii is competitors in
the sixth lap, keepinp the lead thus
gained to the finish. Time, 2:39. Met
calf, Imperial, was jiiven the fourth heat
in a close decision between Boyden, Re
liance, and Hall, Bay City. It was one of
the prettiest finishes of the evening.
Time, 2:29 4-5.
In the fifth heat C. D. Bates Jr., Reli
ance, was entered and his well-known abil
ity scared out the other contestants who
declined to ride against him . So Bates
went the mile alone paced by C. M. Smith,
Garden City. Referee Welch informed
him that in order to qualify for the final
lie must ride his heat under 2:29 4-o, the
fastest heat. This was easy for Mr. Bates,
for he covered the mile in 2:17, considered
very fast time for the track.
Next came the ten-niile club cur> race,
beum the linal preliminary heat, four hav
ing already been run during previous even
ings of the tournament. The deciding
heat will becontestfd to-r.itrht. The start
ers in last nieht's heat were Wiliiam Yeo
man for the Reliance Club Wheelmen, A.
A. Onion, Imperial Cycling Club, and H.
W. Squires, Acme Club Wheelmen, all
«;ood men.
The intermediate miles were made as
follow?: One, 2:32 4-5; two, 4:57 : three,
7:23 4-5; four, 9:53 3-5; tive, 12:24 2-5;
bix, 14:57; seven, 17:28 4-5; eight, 20:02;
nine, 22:24 1-5. Then came a pretty sprint
for home. Yeoman's wheel slipped on the
next to the last turn and he lost fully a
second regaining his balance. Squires bad
the lead and won in 24:59 by a small
margin. The time made is the world's
record for an indoor track. The race was
very exciting and one of the most interest
ing of the tournament. The time made is
the fastest yet made in any of the trial
htats and it was evident before five miles
had been covered that the record would be
broken. Squires was loudly applauded
for his victory. The best previous record
was 25:12.
Raynaud, Bay Cily; Gooch, Reliance;
Ackerman, San' Francisco Road Club, and
McKay, Bay City, came out for the hrst
semi-tinal of thetalf-mile handicap. Rey
namt rode wide on tne last bank and lost
all chances of winning. Gooch won, from
sixty yards, in 1:03 4-5; McKay second.
In the second semi-final the starters
were: G. Krafts, unattached ; T. Delmas,
Garden City; A. B. Holling, Bay City, and
H. Sternbcrg, California. Delraas rode a
pretty race, and won in a fine finish in
1:03 3-5. from thirty yards. He was loudly
cheered for his splendid performance.
Krafts was second.
The iirst semi-tinal of the one-mile invi
tation came next, those who had qualified
being F. L. Day, Bay City; C. D. Bates Jr.,
Reliance, and P. Metcalf, Imperial. Bates
won about as he pleased, in 2:44.
The starters in ttie second semi-final
were: T. Delmas, Garden City; J. \Vil
liamsbn, Santa Rosa, and A. M. Boyden,
Reliance. Delmas took the Jead on the
sixth lap and was never headed, though
the other two pressed him hard. The time
was '2:33 3-5.
After an intermission, giving the riders
a chance to rest, the final of the half-mile
handicap was run, those who had qualified
in me two semi-finals being T. Delmas,
(iarden Ciry, aiid C. D. Gooch, Reliance.
Gooch proved an easy winner, having had
thirty yards more handicap than his com
petitor. Time. 1:03.
The last race was the final of the one
mile invitation, the starters being C. D.
Bates Jr., Reliance; T. Delmas, Garden
City, and J. Williamson, Santa Rosa. The
men all had admirers in the audience, and
though the hour was late every one stayed
to see the finish of this event. It was a
pretty race, and De.lmas won in a hot fin
ish, Williamson second. Bates third.
Time, 2:31.
SUMMARY :
Half mile, handicap:
First heat— Won by"B. J. Raynaud, 40 yards,
Bay City. Time, 1:05 4-C>.
Second heat— C. D. Gooch, 60, Reliance,
1:04 3-5.
Third heat— Steruberg, 60, California,
1:03.
Fourth heat— -X. Ackerman, 35, San Francisco
Road Clup, 1:05.
Fifth heat— H. B. Freeman, 40, Bay City,
1 :05 2-5.
Sixth heat— Tony Delmas, 30, Garden City,
1:04.
Seventh heat— G. Krafts, 55, unattached,
1:05.
Eighth heat— A. McKay, 45, Bay City,
1:04 4-5.
Ninth heat— A. L. Holling, 45, Bay City,
1:07 2-5.
First semi-final— C. D. Gooch, 60, Reliance.
Time, 1:03 4-5.
Second semi-final — Delmas, 30, Garden
City. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Final— C. 1). Gooch, 60, Reliance. Time,
1 :03. Second. T. Delmas, 30, Garden City.
One-mile scratch, invitation:
First heat— T. Delmas, Garden City. Time,
2:30 2-5.
Second heat— J. Williamson, Santa Rosa.
Time, 2:32.
Third heat— F. L. Day, Bay Ciiy. Time,
2:37.
Fourth heat— P. Metcalf, Imperial, Time,
2:29 4-5.
Fifth heat— o. D. Bates Jr., Reliance. Time,
2lX7a
First semi-final— C. D. Bates Jr., Reliance;
time, 2:44. Second, I. Metcnlf, Imperial.
» Second semi-final— T. Deluias, Garden City;
time. 2:333-5. Second, J. Williamson, Santa
Rosa.
Ten-mile clr v cup race:
Aem« Club Waeelmen, H. W. Squires first;
time, 'J4:59. -ccond, William Yeoman, Reli
ance Ciub Wheelmen.
The events to be contested to-night are a
one-quarter mile scratch, one mile handi
cap, and the great iinal heat of the ten
mile club cup race. This is looked upon
as the best programme of the tournament,
and will doubtless draw a big crowd. The
meeting would have ended with to-night's
racing had the management not kindly
offered the useof the Pavilion and track to
the associated clubs for their benefit to
morrow night.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Mclnerny, Oakland A A Gibson, Abbott Mine
C Vivian, ss Costa Kica J X Keiltz, Presidio
J Fernandy, Presidio B F Bean, Stockton
CL> Uankel it w, Portia F Barneti Aw, Bakersflld
J \V M Ho^an <tw, Hdbg Mrs McGinley, California
G Rush, Fresno Mrs C Stuarts, San Jose
J Martin, Yalleio F Slavin, Portland
H Hniith, Ashland
BALDWIN* HOTEL.
J B Farlow. Stut Lake B Levy. St Louis
F A .Moses. Newark H *< Pellon, Nev YorK
h .11 tiiiholiz, New York B M Birdsaly. Xew YorK
(; (i v't-iidenlall. Li verm A J Crowley. San Rafael
Mrs S I'.flir.-Hii. Monlral A Bell, lortland
C W W alknr. st Umla J W Thomas. Denver
<; W Hesse, Chicaio B B Jacques, 1 owell
Mrs B B Jacques, Muss W II \S alser, California
Miss i) Gmy, Woixlland Miss C (Jray, Woodland
y,T3 W A Mepnetis. Cal J Ermine, Altoona, Pa
Mrs Ermine, Altoona Miss J s Ermine. Altooa
W H lioii.concord, N H W I^ockwood <fc wf, N V
J S Tarpe <fe \v, N H W It Myers it wf, Ind
I 'r X.. ibaii. New \ orlc Miss j" Johnson, Salinas
B KJohnston, New Yrk W V Taylor, Petalama
PALACE HOTEL.
F. S Hail. Tacoma - H iritsch. St Louis
S Finnell. Teliama E Mncy & w, m, v, N V
B F Meyer. El Pa-o Dr J .Matison, Tomales
M X Daily. San Jose J Stern. Kio Vista
T W Hubbard. N V \V O Breyman, Portland
Mrs J F Herney.Chieasio Mrs B 11 Cbapin, Chicago
E S de (iolyer. Salt Lake J C Dunlap, Nev
J WhytP, N V J W Kich«rds. Aspen
G E Braedon, Pueblo Mrs P.rag loii. Pueblo
I) B McCoy, N V Mrs -McCoy, X V
\V X McCoy, X V Mrs W X McCoy, H V
\V A Cnmmlngs <tw,N V E D Grlffllh it w, N V
3 J Taylor. Philadelphia Mrs A Taylor, Phr.adel
Miss A J Taylor, Phila E Marsh .i w, Brldeeport
B C Koelile & iv, Phila L Einstein, Fresno "
II Henry, N V G \V P.oope, hoston
L Lippincott. Phila J W Danelson, X I
S X t<mitn, Boston X (5 Wheeler, San Jose '
Mrs A Hhane, Chicago Mrs G H Voorman.Chlca
\V S stamm. Chicago Dt J H JolillTe, X V
F Hayes it «r, Chicago ill Buck, Vacaville
II yon Mum, Germany Yon Brunning, Germany
J Burk, Ban Jose
LICK HOUSE.
J Parker. Salinas J L Hudner, Hollister
W X Rogers iw.Amalla Mrs R A Hills, Los Ang
T P Bowden, Plymouth C A Rice, Santa Cruz
Mrs F X Wallace, Portd <i C Whe ler. New York
H Kckhoff, San Kafael C S Jones. Newman
Mrs C Hamilton. Wcstly W H Cleary Jr. Sheep Rb
FA Healy. Sacramento B F Moore, Los Angeles
J Sullivan A w, San Jose F Wilson, Oakland
H Pos'clthwaite, S Jose R I Bwntly, Sacramento
V A Dixon, San Jose Dr W J iioward.U Valley
H McNfcmee, >anta Crz otto Musey, Cali.ornia
A E Miller. Sacramento F J Cram. Cnicauo
MrsCi \V Kerby.Rwd ly II R Davidson, San Jose
H Fuhrhman <St w, Seail M C Wllcox. J'.uttr, Mont
.1 I! Axen, Seattlp < \V( )Neil,Wallace,ldaho
X F Bohmau, Portland R W Barclay, Tacoma
W H Patterson, Reno A C Kistler, Cedarville
X Bt-zlers, France C D Eaton. Urantsville
P McGowen, Kureka J Sinclair. Kureka
S P Walker, California \V H McMlnri. San Jose
I S Ma^nes, Marstifield W R Coburn, l>ake Co
D P sinious, Los Uatos L Fister, Volcano
T E Johnson, San Jose J L Siner <fe w, Phlladela
W A Selkirk, San Berno W J Williams. Plea-antn
C Manter<t w, Pt'l'ownd a \V Fancher, Merced
Dr A M Gardner. Napa
GRAND HOTEL.
g A Smith, Cor.rtlanel A T Sinclair, Halt Lake
J P Meyers, Nevada City Miss Daniel, London
II S Nathan, Sac A A Hansen. Minn
Miss Farnsworlh, Minn Miss I I'eierson. Minn
Miss t' Mack, Minn J F Clapp, Chicago
A Anderson, Tucson L Maguire, Pinole
X X Buck-l«>ton, Oakland II C Bagley, Cal
1* Lewis, l<os Angeles G Bush, N V
U*m Bush, X V P. E Mason, Kssex
J B Hart <fc f. Or Miss Hart, Or
X <; James, Hollister M.ss X Bacon, Sac
T B Murks, Fn-srio Mrs R J Bacon, Sac
A J Smith, Antioch G Baker, Ft MeQuestion
G W Fitch, N V F s Mcfiowan, Astoria
W I. smith, w<fcd.Tcma Mrs RS Willis * d, Cal
H B Adams, Stockton J H Balsdon. Grnd Islnd
C W Thomas, Cal . A Colin, Red Bluff
Mrs A X Kikert, Cal C X Hughes, Chicago
F B luck, Ansjels Camp P A Buell, Stockton
Dr J II Glass, Pso Hoblt's A J Regan, San L Onispo
M .1 Shearm. Boston Mrs M X smith. Sac
A X Hawkins. Hollister X S llojrroft. Cal
X B Morrow, Santa Kosa F Sanborn. Watsonville
J Baird <t w, Leadville .1 Ryan, Grand Forks
J A Bohu <t f. Minn X D Badßer, 111
L A Patterson A w, Ohio W A • ummings & \v,NY
H C Jones, Santa Cruz C B Wenthorwax.Aberdn
E W Holland, Tulare G W Luidlaw, Chicago
C L Aver 3' <ft w. Conn R B Griffith, Grnd Forks
C W Renilck, N V L Gerashe, Victoria
a w \\ ilson, Valle.io I) R McCoy <fe w, N V
W X McCoy <fe w, N V
BTTSB HOI'SK.
I* H l homp-on, honoma P Mnrphy, Jarksonville
P If Winston A w. Mass MissLMcK'Miz.lp.Manitoa
S Matthf ws. Salinas W H Jones & wf, Wil-
Wm htickan. Sacto liamsbt;ru
I) M Dysarl, Cuba J X Johnson <fc wf.SnJose
W B A'lU-n. Tocoma A Goodby, Portland
Jos J,adii(\ Alaska II D Lace. Nan Jose
T Wdljbcr, Ilaiavia B Sh^pbard, llaiavia
(i W AtUuison, ivtluma X S IfeGiew, Petaluma
Alex Badun, lowa City A Iladoni, lowa City
John Papa. lowa City W Philips, London, Eujj
Wm Mitchell, Sjprra Vly J Jeans, winters
S Hfiideraon, Visalia Jas McMain, Colusa
8 s Merchant, HealdsbrgT M Brown, Kiir-'ka
J A llanliii, SantH Rosa .1 B Johns, Fresno
\V O McAbell. San Jose X I'errin, San Jose
J C MoAbell, San Jose .':r» J H Uonald, I'lacervl
011 lAYby, l'i»i*erville J CHalloway, Cioverdale
W i: Smith. Menlo I'urlc W Johnson, Oakland
Mrs Btiswell, Oakland H Poland. Lompoc
B G I'.yan, ixitnpoc " T) Mclntosh, Marslifield
\V- H Schroeder, Arago ' WII Clinton. Araffo
W S (iast. St Louis -..- ' T J Murray, Vulcun
A I.iebpuroih, t.hicngo Mrs LL- Curler, Eureka
A KuhpDstein, Fresno I) 1) Corcoran, Valtejo
\V O Btickner, Hanford P \V Mattbews. Eureka
(ieo Kyan, Kurvka J Johnson, Eureka
N Thompson. X V ■•' Mrs J Johnson, san Jose
Jas McOellan & wf, Cal M L Williams, Fresno
J Henderson <fe w, YumaTom Mailer, Merced
T X Briehtman. Mass H B News, w <fe 2 eh. Cal
Mrs Kstey »t eh, fc<n Jos O D Ingalls, Jlawihorne
W m Wonlilngton, Pa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 189(5.
A BID FROM STOCKTON.
Pioneer James Gillis Offers a
Site for the Wilmerding
School.
HIS FAR • SEEING PURPOSE.
The Veteran Wishes to Benefit His
Own City and Help to Make Bone
and Sinew for the State.
Enterprising Stockton comes once more
to the front — this time with a generous
offer of another site for the proposed Wil
merding School.
Sites have been offered by San Francisco,
Oakland and Berkeley, and Governor Budd
has already urged the claims of Stockton
before the regents of the university, who
have the power of selection. For every lo
cation offered special advantages have been
advanced with all the cogency elicited by
the magnitude of the incentive.
Stockton's latest offer, however, pos
sesses peculiar force owing to the person-
James Gillis of Stockton, a State Pioneer and President of the Union Transpor
tation Comoany, Who Has Just Offered the Berkeley University Regents a
Valuable Site at Stockton for the Wilmerding School.
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist.]
ality of the man who makes it. This is
none other than James Gillis, pioneer
miner and miller, and latterly president of
the Union Transportation Company,
which runs a competing line of steamers
between this City and Stockton. Al
though in his sitxy-nintu year, Mr. Gillis is
vigorous and full of lire and tight. He is
well acquainted with the different parts of
the State and is convinceu that Stockton
is the best loc-ition for the school.
He offers twenty acres of the Ernest
tract, situated two ana one-half miles
Irom Stockton in a well-settled, well-shel
tered neighborhood, having excellent
water in plenty at hand. He guarantees
a perfect title to the land, which he values
at $200 an acre. The soil, he says, is ex
ceedingly rich, being now cultivated as a
vineyard, which has borne grapes for forty
yeark The site is, moreover, directly on
the line oi the new Valley road, making it
extremely accessible.
Mr. Gillis dropped into town yesterday
with his public-spirited offer, and was not
backward in putting on record his appre
ciation of Stockton.
"I make this offer," he said, "for sev
eral reasons. First, I want to do some
thing for Stockton. It is a great town,
and the Valley road will make it a greater,
and I am willing to do my share in the
work.
"Then I want to get a school that will
set the idle loafers to work. There is not
the strength in the young men that
there used to be. The soil and trades are
not good enough for them. They want to
be gentlemen — come to the city, wear
good clothes and have a quill stuck be
hind their ear. The Wilmerding school
will teach them something useful.
"Last of all, my wife got into some
charitable scheme and wants mo to build
a home for aged people, and I thought I
would do something for the boys, too. So
I just thought 1 would offer this tract.
"Transportation facilities are all right.
There will be the Valley road ; and rates
from San Francisco to Stockton are down
to four bits— and they will never be higher,
because I won't allow it, that's all. I
have plenty of means and I intend to use
them as I please as long as I live.
"I have been fighting opposition and
monopoly for fifteen years and dropped
$100,000 each year, but I intend to stay
with it because there is something in
Stockton and that something is worth
developing. She hasn't got any place like
a Wilmerding School, but she ought to
have. She has one of tue finest libraries
and the best climate in the world.
Whether the city gets the school or not it
has a great future before it."
Mr. Gillis has interests in several banks
and mills in Stockton and neighborhood
beside owning considerable real estate. He
built and ran the Union mill, making
$100,000 out of the venture. He was after
ward connected with the Farmers' Ware
house. He came to California in 1819
and, according to his own account, has a
wife and "six or seven" children.
WILL FOUND A COLONY
Prominent Eastern Men Expect
to Establish One in
Teharaa.
They Have Arrived Here and Will
Bring Out Five Hundred
Families.
Thaddeus B. Wakeman of New York,
for mar.y years identified with the Popu
list movement la that State and at one
time candidate for the office ol Secretary
of State, is at the Grand in company with
a party interested in the foundation of a
colony on the New England plan in Te
liama County.
"We have secured the Ashurst wheat ranch,
near Kirkwood, In Tehama County," said Mr.
■\VaKeman, '-and we expect to locate upon it
about five hundred families. Twenty families
are already upon the site and are waiting for
a report from a committee sent out here to In
vestigate, and upon the report they will pre
sent those who have signified their Intention
to join the colony will come to this State and
locate."
The committee is composed of William
E. Smythe, president of the National
Colonial Society; John C. Fortiner of
Chicago, treasurer of the National Colo
nial Society; Thaddeus B. Wakeman,
president of the New York Colonial Club;
Judge C. D. P, Smith, president of the
Chicago Colonial Club; Fiank H. Baldwin,
president of the Colonial Club of Worces
ter County, Mass. ; Theodore N. Case, Mrs.
Roger Prosser, Theodore Perry and E. J.
Holden of Chicago, Charles A. Willis and
H. R. T. Coffin of New York.
"If this colony ig a success (and we seeno ob
stacle in the way of success) we shall establish
other colonies on the same lines and bring
here a class of people who will Have the State,"
said Mr. Wekeman, but, stopping for a mo
ment, he added: "No, not save the State, for it
does not need saving, but a class oi people
who will help develop it. The tract of laud
embraces between (JOOO and 7000 acres. A por
tion of it will be set aside for a village, for
manufacturing interests and the remainder be
divided into twenty and forty acre iarms, to be
disposed of to families in fee "simple, including
wood and water, with five years to make pay-
I meuts. The land will be sold at ift>s an acre,
| and for each acre owned each colonist, who
i will not r>e permitted to hold more than one
I piece of property, must pay #20 into themanu
; facturing association, which will erect a
i creamery and a packing and canning works.
! The idea is to raise fruit, hogs and dairy prod-
I uc'.s and use the Sacramento Kiver lor trans
| porting the products.
I "There will not be any religion cr politics in
I the colony scheme, which is to be conducted
on Populistic lines, and this I believe is the
first of the system that will break up large
I ranches in this State.' 1
Mr. femythe, in explanation of the man-
ncr of conducting the proposed colony,
said :
We shsli have public ownership. In the
management of our several small industries
we shall use the metho.l of commercial associ
ation modeled upon the California Fruit Ex
change system. Ail every colonist subscribes
to the common capital so all arc joint owners
in these public and semi-public properties.
The government will be that Of the New
England town meeting, our stockholders ex
ercising the power of direct legislation and
conferring administrative functions upon
their chosen servants.
But the sphere of associated man is extended
also to the social organization of the commun
ity. The colony capital provides for the pur
chase and improvement of the village center
and the purchaser of a 20-acre farm receives
an acre lot in the village, where he will make
his home among neighbors and close to
Church, kindergarten, schools, postoffice and
store. Thus we combine the advantages of the
Uiwn with the independence won from the soil.
The social heart of the community will be
Colonial Hall, which will be in the shape of
a quadrangle, inclosing a beautiful placita.
One side of the plneita will be a little hall
seating ebout 500 people. This will be avail
able for meetings ami entertainments. The
opposite side will bo the men's elubroom, with
billiard a;id pool tables and other accessories
essential to masculine comfort. The other two
rooms will be devoied to the public library and
the women's chi broom, for Ashurst will recog
nize the new woman in all its institutions.
Thus while we do msny things in co-opera
tion, we are really only shareholders under
the familiar form's of the joint stock company,
while every colonist is absolutely hi§ own man
in the sense that he is independent on hii own
property and receives the benefit oi his indivi
dual skill and industry.
REAL-ESTATE AUCTIONS.
Successful Hulph of Richmond Lots and
Potrero Property.
The Bale of lots yesterday in the neigh
borhood of Sutro Heights by 0. F. yon
Rhein & Co. was successful. The bidding
was spirited and good prices were realized.
There were fifty-seven lots reported sold
in all, and the total amount realized was
$23,510. Lots fronting on Point Lobos
avenue brought from $625 to $1000. Inside
lots on Forty-third avenue, 25x120 feet,
sold for $260 to $325. The same size lots
on Forty-fourth avenue brought prices
ranging from $410 to $275. The Forty-fifth
avenue lots sold for $400 to $275 each.
Center <fe Spader's auction sale of Po
trero property held yesterday brought out
a goodly number of purchasers, and the
price*, realized were eatisfactory. Six lots
fronting on Potrero avenue, between So
lano and Mariposa, 25x100 feet each,
brought a uniform price of $1000. while the
corner sold for $1250. A lot 37:6x100, on
the corner of Solano street and Potrero
avenue, sold for $1800, and the adjoining
lot, fronting on Potrero avenue, size 25x
100, brougnt $1000. Four Jots on Solano
street sold for $475 each. Three lots, 25x
100 each, fronting on Utah street, sold for
$375 each. Four lets, 25x100 each,
fronting on Utah street, including
the one at the corner of Nine
teenth, sold for $400 each. Three
adjoining lots, same size, fronting on Utah
street, brought $330 for the three. Thirteen
lot?, 25 by 100, ironting on Nebraska street,
sold for $175 each, excepting one corner
that brought $250. On Vermont street,
near Twentieth, seven lots, 25 by 100,
broueht $205 each. Seven lots in the same
block, four of which front on Nebraska
street ana three on Twentieth, sold for $120
.each. The lot at the corner of Nebraska
and Twentieth streets brought $175. Two
lots on Treai avenue, just south of Eight
eenth street, 27 by 119 each, sold for $500
per lot. The total amount of the sale was
$23,000.
Death of X.l.lie Farreli.
Eddie Farreli, the well-known politician,
died yesterday forenoon in his rooms on
Kearny street, near .Bush, from a complication
of .diseases. Karrell was known to men about
town as one of the most amusing and original
characters in the City. At different times he
held positions in the Mint and City Hall. He
was about 48 years of age.
Civil Service Examinations.
Civil service examinations were held yester
day for one meat inspector, sixteen stock ex
aminers and five loggers, all in the customs
service. The examinations were ordered by
the Civil Service Commissior, and consisted of
twenty words in spelling, rive examples in sim
ple arithmetic, copying and oral questions.
T. C. RYAN ON ROMANISM
The Speaker Deals With the
Subject From a Historic
Standpoint.
DONALD M. ROSS PRECEDES HIM
America the Battle-Ground of the
Hottest Part of the Religious
Conflict.
Last night the Metropolitan Temple was
weil filled with the enthusiastic adherents
of the American Protective Association.
They were delighted with a few stirring
words from their favorite orator, the Rev.
Donald M. Ross, and greeted his appear
ance with prolonged applause. M. T.
Brewer, State secretary of the association,
introduced the speakers.
Mr. Ross said in the course of his re
marks: "I am pleased always to be in
any reform, and the reason is that I am a
born fighter. Ido like to get into a fight
that lasts, even though it lasts ten years.
"In a long fight you have a chance to
get in some noble and telling strokes, and
I assure you I nave not struck my hardest
yet.
"The enemy have realized that it is bet
ter to turn tail and run than to stay and
leave their carcases on the field of battle."
Major T. C. Ryan, the speaker of the
evening, succeeded Mr. Ross and delivered
an address replete with patriotic senti
ment?, throughout the length of which he
was frequently interrupted with applause.
He spoke on the subject of "Truth Told,
or Romanism as It Is, Was, and Ever Shall
±5e." He spoke in part as follows:
From the year 312 A. D. when the Roman
Emperor Constantine pretended to have seen
a luminous cross in the sky, down to the pres
ent moment the Roman Catholic church has
been a crafty, venomous persecutor of all op
posed to its teachings.
It was this monarch who changed the gov
ernment of the church from its primitive sim
plicity and laid the cornerstone upon which
the present structure was reared.
The nistoiy of Romanism from this time for
ward has been characterized by arrogance,
cunning, craft and an ambition to exercise su
premo power not only over the church but
over the state as well.
It is interesting to recall the circumstances
regarding the institution of papal supremacy
because it furnishes one of the earliest in
stances of the exercise of miscalled religious
liberty.
The patriarch Boniface was head of the
Roman Catholic church during the time of
Emperor Flavins Tiberius Maiiricius, and it
was he who received a certain centurion, Pho
chs, who managed tp have himself proclaimed
Kmperor. Phocas conferred upon Boniface
the title of universal bishop with the privilege
of handing it down to his successors, decree
ing at the same time that the church of Rome
should be head over all churches. By this you
can readily see that Romanism, conceived in
sin and iniquity, has continued for twelve
hundred long years.
We hear it said that the inquisition is a thir
teenth-century atrocity. How many know
that papal prelates still exercise inquisitorial
powers, and yet it is a fact.
The Roman tribunal now in existence is tnat
established by Pope Sextus V In 1588. which
was styled the Holy Roman and Universal In
quisition.
It seems that in all its perversion of history
Romanism has forgotten that historic truth is
as much indestructible as»inatter itself. Some
how or other in the archives of the world God
preserves it. Men may cover it up by false
rubbish and damning theories, but like the
Son of God it carries an unquenched heart
through ihe grave of its buriai, and in spite of
brute force and watchful authority this eternal
truth of American history stands again to-day
looking back with eyes of immortality to curse
the entire Roman Catholic hierarchy for
falsifying the truth of the history of the best
Government that has ever existed.
Rome says she believes in religious liberty
and seeks to control the conscience of no one.
The deception of the devil when he took the
son of God upon the mountaintop and offered
him the kingdoms of the earth would he only
worship him is nothing in comparison with
the claims of the Romanists.
The great central principle of Romanism is
prohibition of free exercise of conscience.
In this country we are in the hottest part of
a mighty conflict; the organized and unorgan
ized patriotism of our beloved country has
formed its line of battle under the dear flag of
old liberty. We have formed no alliance with
politicians, who stand in the background
trembling as they see their schemes dwind
ling. From the silent chambers of our no"ble
and patriotic dead, from the pantheon of the
past, there comes a voice thundering into our
ears, "On, on, onward, ye lion-hearted men of
liberty."
We will work up to the fact that the only
way to right the deviltry of Romanism is fear
lessly. Raise your voice now, for in a little
while, if not careful, it will be at the peril of
your life. By so doing these skies may be
lighted up and the gathering storm clouds
may be driven back.
Sleep no longer. Rest no longer until the
iron hand of Popery, which is to-day throttling
free institutions and seeks to throttle our free
people, has been loosed and hurled back to its
muster, who seeks, through an ablegate, to
rule our Republic from hia tottering throne on
the banks of the Tiber. Let us put our shoul
ders to the wheel and resolve never to give up
the contest until America is free.
At the conclusion of the address Mr.
Brewer announced that Major Ryan would
deliver his last address before a San Fran
cisco audience next Friday evening at the
Temple. '
THE IDEAL UNIVERSITY
Lines of Expansion at Berkeley
for the Next Cen
tury.
Buildings to Be Grouped in Harmony.
More Land Expected From the
Government.
Regents of the State University met yes
terday afternoon and discussed in a gen
eral way a proposition to adopt some fixed
plan for the future construction of build
ings at Berkeley. The session was at
tended by Regents Wallace (presiding),
Houghton, Marye, Kellogsr, Bartlett, Hal
lidie, Martin, Reinstein, Crocker, Chase
and Slack. Secretary Bonte and Attorney
Mhoon were also present.
Mr. Reinstein introduced the subject of
adopting permanent plana for the ideal
university of the future, and incidentally
imparted the knowledge that he had writ
ten to many of the great architects of the
country and to many of the important col
leges of the land for suggestions. The re
sult was the receipt of hundreds of letters
and the visit to this coast of great archi
tects, who had come to survey the site and
give an idea of the scope of the work con
templated.
.He explained to the regents that it was
now time thai something should be done
toward the adoption of a grand permanent
scheme for the grouping of the buildings—
a plan in harmony with the importance
and dignity of the institution. The lines
should be marked on which the growth of
a century should follow. He desired that
the topic should be fully discussed at a
special meeting, and contended that no
time should be lost in approaching the
consideration of the question. The next
Legislature would doubtless be called
upon to appropriate money to erect per
manent buildings at Berkeley.
Georire T. Marye fully coincided with
the views expressed by his collea :ue, Mr.
Reinstein. The question was one that
transcended all other propositions, al
though it was not new. The university in
thid proposed work should have the service
of the most capable architects and engi
neers of acknowledged eminence.
J. West Martin fully approved of the
sentiments expressed. He spoke of what
had been done by the committee on build
ing and grounds, observing that the policy
pursued in the past favored the disburse
ment of money for education. Now it was
time to consider plans for grouping in har
mony the buildings to be erected in the
future.
In the discussion Regent 3 Hallidie, Bart
lett. Koughton, Black, Wallace and Kel
logg participated.
Various motions and suggestions were
made and finally the sense of the board
was expressed by the adoption of an
amendment offered by Judge Slack to hold
a special meeting April 28 to consider the
subject.
In the recular order of business the
resignation was accepted of Dr. W. P. Mc-
Nutt as professor of diseased of the heart
and kidneys, post graduate department.
The doctor still remains as a professor in
the university.
W. H. Rees", graduate student in chem
istry,- was made honorary assistant.
Professor Wright was granted leave of
absence to study in another university.
President Kellogg sought to make it clear
that Professor Stringbam desired that his
assistants should go elsewhere for new
lines of thougiit and training.
Professor Howison, through President
Kellogg, put in a petition to extend Mr.
Stratton's leave of absence until September
15. It seems that Stratton is getting new
lines of thought in Leipsic and desires to
complete his work there.
Judge Wallace uppeared to hesitate
about the justice of paying salaries to pro
fessors studying abroad, but with some
obv ous reluctance voted to let them draw
pay.
At the suggestion of Professor Hilgard,
expressed by President Kellogg, A. B.
Stubenrauch was appointed foreman of
the Paso Robles station, and Mr. Winter
hauiter was appointed secretary in place
of Stubenrauch. The vast volume of
French and German correspondence was
the reason given for these appointments.
Bills aggregating $4776 were read and or
dered paid.
G*orge T. Marye, from the committee on
internal administration, mentioned that
tnere was a bill pending in Congress to
equalize the land grants to State universi
ties, and that if it passed the Berkeley in
stitution would be the gainer. Therefore
he suggested that our representatives at
Washington should be requested to favor
the bill.
It was brought out in the discussion
that the bill allows 30,000 acres for each
representative in Congress. From that
allowance there shall be deducted the
amount already received. So California
with her seven members of the House of
Representatives and two Senators would
get nine times 30,000 acres, or 270,000 acres,
from which must be deducted 46.000 acres.
Under the bill the University of California
gains 224,000 acres.
A committee consisting of President
Kellogg, General Houghton and George
T. Marye was appointed to advocate the
passage of the bill.
President Kellogg reminded the regents
that charter day, March 23, would be ob
served at Berkeley.
The portrait of ex- Regent Horatio Steb
bins is ready and a committee will be ap
pointed to receive it from the donors and
place it in proper position in the library.
The time for which Columbus Bartlett
was appointed to serve as regeut has ex
pired. Judge Wallace ruled yesterday
that Mr. Birtlett was entitled to partici
pate In the proceedings of the board until
his successor qualified.
The time for which Timothy GuyPhelps
was appointed has also expired.
The power of appointment is vested in
the Governor.
WILL NOT BE CONTEMPT
The Petaluma Savings Bank
May Secure Its
Liens.
Another Phase of the White Divorce
Case Settled by the Supreme
Court.
Another one of the many frayed ends to
the White divorce suit has been clipped
off by the Supreme Court. The Petalurna
Savings hank has been allowed to com
mence proceedings to foreclose a lien it
has upon Georee White's property.
Just after Frankie White was granted a
divorce from George E. White she was al
lowed $200 a month alimony, the same to
be drawn from the community property if
sufficient and if not from White's sepa
rate property. It was afterward ascer
tained that there was no community prop
erty. This being the case Mrs. White was
allowed $100,000 from White's separate
property and a receiver was appointed to
take charge of his effects until the money
was paid.
In the meantime the Petaluma Savings
Bank had acquired a second mortgage
against White's property and they wanted
to bring foreclosure proceedings. But the
receiver in charge threatened to bring con
tempt proceedings if such action was
taken, so the bank appealed to Judge Heb
bard for an order restraining the receiver
from interfering. The order was denied
and then the Supreme Court was asked
for a writ of mandate compelling Judge
Hebbard to grant the order.
The Supreme Court denies the writ, but
does so in a way which makes it a victory
for the bank. The order, it says, should
have been granted. The bank was merely
taking steps to secure its lien and no con
tempt proceedings could be had against it.
The receiver cannot by contempt pro
ceedings prevent the bank from securing
its rights. It was contended that the
judgments under which the bank claimed
were fraudulent, and of this the Supreme
Court says:
If its judgments are fraudulent the receiver
is pursuing the proper course in suing to set
them aside, but it may be that he will not suc
ceed in establishing this fraud which he as
NEW TO-DAY.
foJore^BlackEy^ !
If you get hurt use Magic
Lotion.
Quick relief and great sur-
prise will be surely yours I
JTS" Read the Directions.
" Betternafnica."
Magic Lotion never poisons
like arnica.
Used at once prevents
Soreness and Blood Poisoning.
Cannot hurt a child
I R«ad the Directions. «df .
Nobody Likes to Aclie!
Sore Throats, Head Colds,
Boils and Burns
"Knocked Right Out"
BY THE
Wonderful Nagic Lotion!
Bead the Directions. «fi»
present apparently valid.
The suit was denied, because it was con
sidered unnecessary.^
Poolrooms Open.
All the poolroom men have not yet gone out
of the business. Yesterday Frank Smith, _a
clerk In the poolrooms of Henry Schwartz 20
Sdesdorff "Let. was arrested for violating
the ordinance, and was released on gn ing
bail. The warrant was sworn ou .before Judge
Campbell, as both Judges Jo«chim»eiiiud
(Wan refused to have anyih.ng to do «"h a.
declaring they were tired of i o<- r«om case",
and they thoueht the other Judges shouia
have their shared Judije Lows court was not
in session yesterday.
Chinese Bureau Active.
The Inspectors of the Chinese Bureau are
actively engaged in deporting Chinese who are
found without certificates. Two arrests were
made In such cases yesterday. It is believed
that a number of Chinese who have no rights
here under the exclusion act have been smug
gled in lately from the North, whila several al
leged actors 'from the Atlanta Exposition are
parading about Chinatown unmolested.
The Sather Bank.
A circular letter has been sent by the mana
gers of the Sather Banking Company to each
stockholder, announcing that at the annual
meeting of the company, to he held March -O.
the stockholders will decide whether to wind
up the affairs of that bank and permanently
retire it from the field, or to join in the organi
zation of a new national bank and otherwise
reorganize.
A Schooner Libeled.
The Union Gas Engine Company has libeled
the schooner Jessie Matsen in the United
States District Court. The claim is for $34 for
refiairs clone to the vessel.
NEW TO-DAX,. _
Sozodonf
6^ Pyre and Fragrant.
What it sav^:
The — from decay".
The gums — from softening.
The breath — from impurity.
The pocket— money. •
By using liquid Sozodont
every day, the powder (in
same package) twice a
week, you get the most
you possibly can for the
money. &&&& & <& & \
A small sample ' otVle free, if yon
mention this publication. Address the
Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall <t Ruckel,
Wholesale Druggists, >"ew York City. :
APnYSIUIAN WHO HAS DEVOTED *HlR-
ty years to the treatment of blood disease, and
who is in i>os»iesslon of a formula which has never
failed to cure syphilis in any stage, will take fcny
case under » posit iye guarantee tocure orrefUnd
money. Consult him at once. Write for full In-
formation, free, to the Moffat Chemical Co., room 1,
632 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. OmVe hours, 9
a. m. to 8:30 p. m. .
The Feeling of
Exhilaration
With which the rider starts
oat on a STEARNS wheel. is
not diminished by distance,
but expresses itself at the jour-
ney's end in a;glow of serene
satisfaction.". The STEARNS
wheel is not a treadmill, but a
pair of wings. Happiness lies
along the line of faithful
obedience to physical laws,
and the first of these laws
is to take the kind of exer-
cise obtained by riding a
STE ARN S wheel " daily.
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Stroet.
DEVANY, HOPKINS & CO.,
The Cyclery, .StanyAn Stroet.
RENTING. REPAIRING. TEACHING.
X BtndibrtktMQMKfebook, |8
I MONARCH I
X| 4 moiipls. fso mut $ICY, fXilly guaran- |X
GOING RAPIDLY!
Those few New, High-grade,
$100 BICYCLES for
S6O CASH!=
An opportunity to secure at
less than wholesale cost the best
of the many good wheels on thY
market is rare. Don't miss this
chance.
WHEELER & WILSSN MF6. CO.,
933 Market S opp. Mason.
s^^s^p^^Sh grade
ALL LATHEWORK^^^^^^fqr TWO YEARS,
A.L.BANCROFT 8: C 0.324. 324- PDST ST.S.^TWO UNIONS ON
A BIG STRIKE
Painters and Lathers Are
Demanding Better
Wages.
ONE CASE OF VIOLENCE.
Entire Building-Trades
Unions Likely to Become
Involved.
MANY SHOPS ARE "TIED UP."
All the Strikers Confident of Succees.
The Master Painters Remain
Silent.
Labor as a body is again being stirred to
Its depths. Trades unionism is taking on
a boom that it has not known for many
years. It is said to be the result of months
|IN(, PAINTERS CONGREGATED NEAR THE HEADQUARTERS IN TL'RK-STREET TEMPLE.
vl work, agitation and organization. The
— of the organizers is said to be the
not so much of their labors as the
fall in wages resulting from the
competition of the workers themselves.
Yesterday saw a general "movement of
the organized painters upon all shops and
"jobs" in the City, calling out the union
men, and with them, in many instances,
the non-union men.
A similar movement was made by the
lathers, a smaller body of men, and one,
therefore, even better organized than the
painters. In their effort to bring out a
small body of non-union workmen they
met with resistance, and blows were struck,
and threats of arrest are being made as a
result.
The committees appointed by the
Painters' Union to visit the 9hops and
the jobs were very successful in inducing
the men to come out. Especially was that
the case at the Parrott building, where be
fore noon the wort was wholly deserted,
although the men employed there were
nearly all non-union men. The men on
strike find sympathetic assistance from
the carpenters and other buiiding trades.
They fear, however, the interference of
newcomers who are said to be on the way
in large numbers at the solicitation of the
employers.
THE PAINTERS' STRIKE.
It Is Possible All the Building Trades
May Yet Be Called
Out.
The strike of the members of the Paint
ers' and Decorators' Protective Union has
a-sumed proportions little dreamed of by
the master painters or the public a week
ago. Within the past twenty-four hours
it has developed features as startling as
they are interesting Already other trades
unions have manifested a desire to take a
hand in the fight, and two incidents yes
terday showed that the laboring men in
many departments of trade have deter
mined to stand shoulder to shoulder in
a common fight for what they regard as
their rights.
Within the next thirty-six hours the
strike may be taken up by the entire build
ing trades unions of this City, now nearly
10,000 strong.
That the situation may be fully under
stood a few words of explanation of the
situation may not be amiss. Two months
ago the Painters' Union notified the mas
ter painters that on March 1 they would
demand $3 a day as the minimum wage,
eight hours to constitute a day's work,
and a recognition of the Building Trades
Council's working-card. The latter body
is composed of the principal unions in the
building trades in San Francisco. Under
the working-card system no union man is
permitte 1 to work on a job with a non
union man of any kind, and this principle
has caused more trouble in the present
dinagrjement than either of the other two
demands. Some master painters say that
They do not understand the working-card
system; others that they will not be dic
tated to by any union, and others that
they are willing to give $3 for eight hours'
work, but that they will employ any one
they desire.
'j'iie principal fight has narrowed down
to the demand for a recognition of the
working-card system, many of the master
painters having signified their willingness >
to agree to the other two propositions. j
.Several interesting features were devel- \
oped yesterday. The first is that the car- i
penttrs openly came to the front in one of
the largest jobs in the City and told four
non-union men that they could not work
on that job. This occurred in the J'arrott '
building, on Market street. Early in the
morning the committee from the painters
called at the building, and, assisted by the i
carpenters, induced the non-union paint
ers to go out on a strike with the union
men.
Snortly after the committee's departure
four of the non-union members slipped
back to work. The word went around tlx
bmiding like wildfire and ten minute
later every carpenter arose and was ready
to quit work rather than be false to hi>
union obligation.
The four painters were told that they
| would have to leave. By this time the
: other contractors in the building— and
i there were many contractors there— told
! St. Denis' foreman that it would be better
j to let the four men depart rather than
j start any trouble and run the risk of the
! entire building being tied up in a genera!
strike. The wisdom of this was quickly
seen and the demands of the carpenters
and contractors were complied with at
i once and no more painting was done in
; the building during the uay.
The second incident was even more of a
! surprise. That the painters are after St.
■ Denis' scalnis no secret, for the Psrrott
I building is the largest contract in the City
!at present. At Hooper's mill a large
amount of the finishing work is beiDg
; prepared by the milliiands for the St.
i Denis contract. These millhands are
; atliliated with the Building Trades Coun
cil through the Woodworkers' Inter
national Union. Although not asked to
do so a number of the millmen went out
and declined to handle any material for
I St. Denis. The meu evidently had an
i nnderstanding that they would be sup
i ported by their union or they would not
j have thrown up their work.
The third feature was a surprise even to
the painters. The scouting committees
sent out among the jobs all over the City
met with succesß that they did not expect
so early in the fight. Over thirty boss
painters so far have declared their willing
ness to accede to the journeymen painters'
terms. Amonp these is Thomas Downing,
who has several of the largest jobs in the
City that must be finished by specified
dates. Permission has been given to
painters employed by those men to return
to work. The strikers regard this as a
foreiunne- of their ultimate victory, for it
will give their friendly employers a aecided
advantage over tho-e who decline to com
ply with their demands.
There is one weak point in their armor
which they have not overlooked. The in
formation that a strike was likely to take
place was published two months ago in
The Call, at the time the Painters' Union
first made its demand. That information
was not overlooked by many idle painters
abroad, and there is a fear that they will
flock to the City to take the places of the
strikers. "Word was received last night
that the steamer from Portland, Or., which
is due here this mornine, has on board
fifty painters from that city. A committee
of twenty-five was appointed to be at the
wharf as soon as tbe steamer lands and
meet these painters. Every effort will be
made to induce the newcomers to return
to Oregon or join the local union.
At all of the meetings held yesterday the
leaders advised all the strikers to be pacific
in their dealings with those who are in
clined to be obstinate, and above all to use
no violence.
TWO BIG MEETINGS.
Proceedings by the Members of
the Union Engaged in a
Strike.
Shortly after daybreak about 600 mem
bers of the union started out to do
missionary work among the members of
the craft in all parts of the City.
Their mission was to try and induce all
journeymen to leave such jobs where the
bosses had refused to comply with the de
mands of the union.
By 2Vclock these committees began to
return to the headquarters, at 117 Turk
street, until the sidewalk of that blook was
black with men. The leaders were jubi
lant with what had been accomplished.
A little after 3 o'clock President Rose
! called the meeting in the Turk-street Tem
j pie to order, and every chair in the bie
hall was rilled. The principal business
transacted was the hearing of committee
reports and receiving applications from
painters and paper-hangers who desired
to join the union. Many of the applica
tions were taken in by the committees
who had been in the field. By the time
the meeting closed seventy-five applica
tions were received.
Most of the reports were received with
applause, particularly that from Mclvor,
lloae and Ames, who had been Jooking
after the St. Denis job in the Parrott
building. The committee reported hav
ing called upon the painters at work in
that building and after a little argument
| and persuasion induced all the painters
i and decorators to leave. Even the boys
i and foreign workmen went out, and so far
as the pointers were concerned the job
was completely "tied up." In their efforts
they were ably assisted by the carpenters
who were at work on the building.
This was the first instance of the car
penters taking an active part in the strike,
and they made their presence felt soon
! after the committee left the building. The
committeemen had hardly turned the cor
ner before four of the non-union men who
had gone out with the rent returned and
; told tiie boss that they were willing to re
i turn to work. This was not as easily uone
1 as said, for no sooner did tbe carpenters
observe their return than they went to the
backsliders and informed them that they
would have to leave at once and not return
until the strike was settler.
This report was received with cheers by
the painters and a vote of thanks was ex
tended to the carpenters for so loyally
standing by the painters. It was further
stated that the polishers at work on the
same building were desirous of joining the
Painters' and Decorators' Union if they
could and President Rose said that the
union would gladly receive them.
Other reports came in by the dozens, the
principal of which were as follows:
Haniieraan's shop, one paper hanger. at work
who promises to join.
Brace's shop, men «j nit and the shop tied ur>.
Thomas Dowii ing's men on intarly all his
jobs drawn into line and Downing has acceded
to the demands of the union.
Harvey Case, 3019 Washington, all quit ex
cept one man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
Stregen's job at 1229 Ellis street, men will
quit to-day.
Orsic's shop, one man joined/the others are
all right.
Baccigalupi the painter will pay $3 50 if the
others do.
McCarthy's job, at 211 Ninth street, men
promise to come in.
Foley's job, Bush and Mason streets, four
men signed applications and the boss favorably
disposed.
Sheehan's job 200 Eighth street, all union
Quadt's shop, all signed but one man. On a
McAllister street job live men are enemies to
the union. Quadt is also unfavorable.
Deerbaum; Eighth and Howard, willingly
agrees to all demands and will keep a union
Shop.. - . .;:;". ...... /..." -
Sellers' job, 3 Liberty street/one man signed
and two undecided.
Beguhle & Son, 2130 Market street, accede to
all aemands. ■ .
St. Denis job, 2015 Eilis street, one signed
ana two undecided.
Tellman in the Hammerup shop accedes to
all demands.
Patchen & Bateau, 1218 Polk, willing to eive
$3 but are against tne card system.
■. Keefe's shop is all right.
Clark's shop willing to accede to all demands.
Norman on Mission street accepts the terms
and his men are all at work.
Telimski accedes to all demands.
■ Upham's shop, Devisadero, union. and non
union men quit work at noon aud the shop is
tied up. ,--;■■ SKJVvWii
Mike Donovan's shop, men quit work and
tied up the *hop at noon.
Jerry Sullivan's shop also tied up. .
Kd Williams, Devisadero street, acceded to
all demands and his men are at work.- '
Frank Mercer, 412 Devisadero, acceded to
all demands and men are %vorking.
William Schaefer, Pacific street, agreed to
the painters' terms.
' Edwards, 19 Sharon street, agreed to all
'demands.
Reiner & Stoome r acceded to the demands
of the union.
¥. A. Krabler, 1430 Greenwich street, re
fused to recoguize the union or pay over $2 a
duy if he can gel auy one at that price.
A committee of twelve was appointed to
visit and argue with Mr. Krabler. The
committee was made this large as it was
stated that he had threatened to do bodily
violence to any more committees who
bother him or interfere with his workmen.
Another committee was appointed to
visit the Palace Hotel painters. Those
who tried to enter the hotel in the morn
ing were refused admittance.
A committee of five was selected to call
upon the fivje men at work on the Cuser
job' at the Tresidio and induce them to
join the painters' ranks.
About two dozen smaller committees
were selected to continue the wurk of call
ing upon the bosses, and where unfavora
bly met, of calling the men out on a
strike.
The striking painters met again last
evening and the hall was filled to the
doors. Most of the business was discuss
ing the latest reports made by the scouting
committees, which was substantially as
fallows:
Smith's shop, only one man working.
Easton is willing to pay $3, but objects to
the card.
J. E. Rose of Mission street declined to recog
nize the union or pay tne wages asked.
I'oter Creighton is employing non-union men
on the Y. M. C. A. building.
Three non-union men are working on General
Dlmond's house in the Western Addition.
Harry Goddard, foreman on the Fair estate
job, is undecided.
Donovan is working Oakland men on Mr.
Stowe's house on Pine street, between Taylor
and Jones.
Cooney's shop, all the men waited out ex
cept theJoroman. He objects to the oard.
Hoffman, job Jones and Bush streets, com
mittee ordered off the premises.
The report was made that five finishers are
still working: in the I'arrott building.
Charles Sheehan's shop. Eighth and Folsom
streets, is in favor of the union.
Hooper's mill, men working on St. Denis'
material walked out.
Union Iron Works, one man walked out
rather than work nine and a half hours for
s^'J 50. All the painters there are nou-union
meu.
James F. Keeny's shon is now a union shop.
R. J. Tanzy's shop is the same.
A similar report was made with reference to
Larry Dwyer'b shop in the Mission.
Mclvor reported that the Portland
steamer is due to-day with fifty painters
on board to take the place of strikers.
A resolution was passed that the painters
proceed to organize the polishers and fin
ishers in with the painters.
Nearly 100 applications for membership
were secured during the day and evening.
The meeting was concluded by Mclvor
making a rousing speech prophesying suc
cess for the striking painters. He urged
all committees and strikers to use pacific
measures in dealing with the master
painters and non-union men.
The committees will meet again at 8
o'clock this morning, and there will be
meetings in the afternoon and evening.
THE LATHERS' STRIKE.
A Lively Row at a Larkin-Street
Building: to Bring: the
Men Out.
There are about ninety lathers in the
City, of which number it is estimated that
only ten are outside the union. Wages
have run down lately, until men have
been working for .$1 a thousand. A strike
has been ordered for $2 a thousand and
the card system. Tne strike has been on
for several days and considerable feeling
has crept into the movement, because of
the persistence of non-union men in con
tinuing work.
The lathers held a largely attended meet
ing at the Turk-street hall last evening, at
which new resolutions to stand firm for
the Increase were made.
There was a lively tight yesterday after
noon in a building in course of construc
tion on the north side of Post street, near
Larkin, between lathers at work and
luthers out of work.
The building is being erected by J. F.
Logan, carpenter and builder, and Christo
pher C. Mooreliouse has the contract for
plastering. Five lathers, Charles Cahiil,
Peter Trade, James McCluskey and Joseph
Trade, and Walter Trade, a hoy, were at
work on the top floor of the building be
tween '2 and 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
when about thirty men, headed by Daniel
McCrae, entered the ouilding and ordered
the five to quit work.
Cahiil acted as spokesman for the other
four and refused to stop work. The in
vaders then tore down the scaffolding en
which the live were working and attacked
them. Cahill was struck over the face
with a scantiing, cutting his nose. He
ran to the front, climbed out of a window
and by working his way hand-over-hand
got into another room and ran downstairs,
pursued by several of the invaders. He
took refuge in a house next door, where
the blood on his face was washed off.
Peter Trade was set upon by a number
of the invaders. He was thrown to tiie
floor and kicked and beaten on the head
and face, which were covered with blood.
McCluskey was also beaten over the head
and face, but not so badly as Trade. Walter
Trade, the boy, was kicked in the mouth
and Joseph Trade escaped without any
violence.
After committing the assaults the in
vaders beat a hasty retreat and had disap
peared before Sergeant Blanlc and a posse
of men came upon the scene. The injured
men were taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the patrol-wagon, where their wounds
were dressed by Dr. Bunnell.
Cahill, in speaking of the cause for the
attack upon him and his companions,
said: "The lathers who were working on
the job were paid off by Moorehouse on
Saturday because he was dissatisfied with
r :eir work. He sent for me yesterday and
IVter Trade and I entered into a contract
with him to complete the job at so much
!>er day. We are members of the Lathers'
Union and took the work at union wages.
"We started to work this morning, and
Moorehouse, fearing trouble from the dis
charged men, told us if they came to the
building not to resort to violence, as we
would be amply protected.
"When the mob, headed by McCrae. one
of the discharged men, appeared, we could
have killed every one of them with our
hatchets as they could only get to us by a
narrow staircase. When ttiey came in
where we were working we thought their
intentions were peaceable, but were
quickly undeceived when they tore down
ihe scaffolding and attacked us."
Peter Trade and Orr brothers were taken
to their home. 2378 Market street. Peter,
who is well known in tnis City, having
had the contract .for the Fair building, the
Spreckeis building and other large struc
tures, was confined to his bed last evening
by reason of many bruises on his body,
produced by kicKs.
"It's too" bad," said his mother, "that
the boys should have beaten Peter so, for
these many years he has been working
hard, supporting the whole family."
COOKS AND WAITERS.
Quite a Number of Them Meet In
Response to a Call and Effect
an Organization.
In response to a call issued by E. W.
Tliurmat'i, chairman of the organizing
committee of the Labor Council, there was
a good attendance of cooks and waiters at
lower Metropolitan Hall last night. After
Mr. Thurman had addressed the meet
ing on the benefits of organization and the
advantages of becoming one of the many
bodies now affiliated with the Labor Coun
cil, Frank Carr was chosen chairman and
Leo Brown temporary secretary.
The meeting was addressed by W. Mc-
Arthurand T. F. Burns, both members of
the organizing committee of the Labor
Council, and also members of similar East
ern unions. Among the speakers who at
tracted marked attention was a cook who
had been a member of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Union of Seattle. He told of how
that organization had started with a mem
bership of 'out six and had eventually
grown to be !XK) strong.
Quite a number signed the roll and it
was then announced that there would be
another meeting on next Monday evening
at 8-30 o'clock, at Federation Hall, at 1159
Mission street, to effect a regular ortrani
tion and to augment the membership.
TAILORS' UNION.
The Non-Arrival of the Charter
From the East Delays Per
manent Organization.
It was expected by the members of the
Tailors' Union that the charter for which
they applied some time ago from the In
ternational Union of Garment- workers
would be on hand last night when they
met at 927 Mission street, and that they
would be able to effect permanent organi
zation, but they were doomed to disap
pointment.
There is no doubt, however, on the part
of the officers of the -local union that its
application f<^r membership in the inter
national body has been granted. It is be
lieved that the delay is simply due to the
press oi other business on the parent
body.
The meting was not allowed to be bar
ren of results, however, for quite a num
ber of strong addresses were made calling
upon the present members to use their
utmost endeavors toward increasing the
membership of the local union, and many
promised to heed the suggestion.
WOODWORKERS' UNION.
They Adopt the Political Principles
of the Labor Convention With
Few Changes.
At the meeting of the Woodworkers'
Union last night at Federation Hall a
special session was announced to take up
a special order of business. During this
session the political principles adopted by
the Labor Convention that recently met
in this City were ratified with only a few
minor changes.
C.P. HUNTINGTON'S WORDS
They Are Used Against Him in
the Trial of the Railroad
Case.
Southern Pacific Lawyers Try to Prove
That He Accepted the Whole
Platform.
The hearing in the application of : the
Southern Pacific Company for an injunc
tion to restrain the ; Board of Railroad
Commissioners from ordering the pro
posed reduction of : freight rates was re
sumed before Judge McKenna in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday.
; The imposing array of legal talent en
gaged on both : sides lined up before the
court with V a mountain of . books and
papers for I the Commissioners, Attorney-
General Fitzgerald, : District Attorney
Foote. Assistant ; Attorney-General \V. H. ;
Anderson, J. C. Daley and Judge R. Y.
liayne, the latter leader of chis force.
For . the railroad there ' were Wiiliam F;
Herrin;; Judge Garber, J. C. Fomds and
E. S. Pillsbury. ;i
The proceedings for the day consisted of
the introduciion of affidavits on behalf of
the railroad company in reply to the affi
davits presented on behalf of the Railroad
Commissioners. • , ;,
The tedious ;■ recital ;of '■ these was :: re
lit ved somewhat by a crossfire of objec
tions and argument between Jud^e Hayne
and Mr. Anderson on the ; one side and
Mr. % Herrin and ; Judge Garber on the
other. '■ . . ■'.' . : •.• ;.' ; - . . - : . •"■■'■ ~ : "--^ : .
The first of these was provoked by the
offered nrlidavit of rGeorge T. Klink of i the
auditor's department of the Southern Pa-"
cific. in rebuttal of Railroad' Commissioner
La Rue's affidavit concerninc the earnings
and expenditures of the Southern Pacific.
The f objection of "j Judge Hayne was to the 1
effect that the affidavit was argumentative
and made allegations of facts occurring
since the date of the Commissioners' pro
ceedings. ' . , : ' : ■ -
. The \ court <; agreed as to the argumenta
tive character vi the affidavit auu granted
the risrht of the respondents to controvert
any new matter introduced by the peti
tioners.
C P. Smurr's affidavit concerning hori
zontal reductions was objected to by Mr.
Hayne and ruled out as purely argumenta
tive.
Smurr's affidavit concerning grain
freight rates undertook to deny that the
Southern Pacific had a railroad monopoly
in the State; asserted that th 3 feeling
against it had been created by demagogues
and irresponsible and calumnious news
papers to advance their own interests.
"I object to this affidavit by What's-his
name bmurr," said Air. Hayne, "because
he evidently does not know the dignity
of an oath. These proceedings are before
a court of justice and not a campaign of
calumny and vituperation."
Judge" McKenna thought some parts of
the affidavit should be cut out before ad
mitted to the record.
Mr. Herrin then undertook to introduce
the printed testimony taken before the
Railroad Commission — a large volume—
by way of showing that the board had
fixed the rates arbitrarily.
This was objected to by Mr. Hayne,
he saying: "The railroad has hitherto
held that this testimony was erroneous,
and now they seek to prove their case
by its introduction."
It was ruled out. A number of affidavits
were introduced to show that the crops of
ISOS were less tbab those of 18U4.
The afternoon session began with the
introduction of affidavits as to assessed
valuation of property, and the first in
that line, that of Jabez S. Swan, created a
long discussion as to its admissfbility. As
a member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion he declared himself "able 10 state
that the assessed value of property gener
ally, including real estate in the different
counties in this State, ranges from 30 to (iO
per cent of the commercial value of such
property, the general rule being that the
assessed value is less than 50 per cent of
the commercial value of such property."
Judge Hayne objected to this stren
uously on the ground that this was not
rebuttal; that what other property was
assessed at was not at issue. The law re
quired that the property be assessed at its
full value. It was no excuse for the break
ing of the law in this instance that the
law was broken generally any more than it
would be to excuse a thief from, a specific
theft by urging that people, generally were
given to stealing.
Judge Garber answered this point in a
short address to the court. He had had a
case where this very issue was sai&ed be
fore the State Supreme Court.
The court admitted the affidavit.
Other affidavits were introduced show
ing specific assessments, among them that
on the property of Mr. La Rue. This Mr.
Hayne objected to as being a slur on Mr.
La Rue.
"It is only to show that Mr. La Rue is
treated in the same way that the railroad
is," said Herrin.
Other affidavits presented the assess
ments of all the morning newspapers,
which Mr. llayne again oDjocted to as be
in^' mere vindictiveness on the part of the
railroad company.
Another lot of 'affidavits of members of
the Republican convention that nomi
nated Mr. La Rue for his position as Rail
road Commissioner were presented going
to disprove ihe assertion that he had re
fused to be bound by the plank in the
platform declaring for a 25 per cent re
duction of freight rates.
Mr. Herrin having concluded Judge
Hayne presented the affidavit of George E.
Williams, to the effect that he (Williams),
at a time that he was presiding over the
convention, advised La Rue not to be
bound by the plank and he (La Rue) said
he would not.
The report of the proceedings before
the R.iiiroad Committee at Washington
was introduced also in which 0. P. Hun
tingtotl, in answer to Senator Morgan, de
clared that the improvements or better
ments on the road all are charged to the
current expenses fund, while Mr. Ilerrin
undertook to make it appear here that
they were extra expenses and had not
been considered by the Railroad Commis
sion.
The arguments will be begun this
morning. ________^^_
The Italian beggar must receive a license
to escape a challenge from the police.
There are 12,743 licensed members of the
confraternity in King Humbert's realm.
. NEW TO-DAT.
§ DO YOU
WANT TO
SAVE MONEY'?
ourcu S e to°L". ppea. ea( J ege Prices:
Paine's Celery fompound $ 60
Scotl'a hmulsion und Joy's warsaparilla...... , (>">
Syrup of Flga and Pond's Extracts.: : 35
i'iiiklinm'.s CompODOd and Plerco's I'rcscrii)- ,
■ ti0n....... ......... '..' ........ 75
Mme. Pray's Prescription, or Women's Frieud 75
Orauge Blossom and Li5ter1ne....... .......... 75
A yer's. Carter's and Beecbam'a Pi 115.:... 15
[ Capillare's and Cutlcura Ointment. 40
Manning's Almond Meal, 5-a-tb packages.. ... 25
Big G and Injection Erou.i ......... :.";.." 65
Swift's Specific and Walmpole's Cod Liver
Oil , 75
Cuticura Resolvent....... ...;..... 70
Cnpfdene ;•.;.: :.. '.. 75 '
Planten'a Capsules 40
Ln .Blaclie Powder.:.:... 30
Trusses (we guarantee a fit) 150
Electric Belts 4 00
Klastic 5t0cking5.......".:..;.... V 2 50
Ualvcnic or Fitradic Batteries..: ..'..;.*..•." 5 00
We save you 50 per cent on the price of pre-
scriptions, as. we pay uo commission to physicians.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY;
BS3 ]Vlar k.et Street,
Ssoutli side, bet. Fit'tli and Sixth.
• .- ■ t ■ ■ -'- . •
C^-'/Sk >ta rvivr — lake street. -.
▼ II IB I—B IA \/ I 32:6 25 :25 2ft 25 j25i25 i 25 32:6 F™"™"
\J 1 \J~LJr\ I • g §
1 /-V TVAIf 2 9 8 7 6 5■4. 3 2 l"
O TODAY. 1 1 si . jj 1 1
. ■ ■■-■■' , <Ru'3 3«.o.aQo]Qci
Take the Sutter-strest cars ' and transfer to 3 '■ 10 700 70 ° Co g
the Sutro Electric Road and get off at Eleventh g v 70 ° 70 ° 4» S
Avenue and see the block shown on this diagram. 3 ; 12 . 700 700 48 g o
I v
The ' f, <13 700 700 47 « =
el
/~9 1 J ¥ A . S 1* 700 700 4« « ■
Cheapest Lots 5; v'; 15 *. 70a 45 g 1
¥ I^\ • f ■ : •■■■'■'•% '•'■' U!J. 16 700 700 44 •<° ? —
In Riehmpnd. I: „■ :.Z:  $ 0
- /" • ■• T r ~ — —1 2
This property has been placed in our hands h g 18 700 725 42 g h 3
at prices away below any other property in the j g 19 725 725 41 g v o
entire section in order to insure a rapid sale. . v i — — — — — — -|> Z
5 20 725 Sold 40 « ! Ul ■*
if /"» fl if nm a « '"•' 5 21 725 -sold 39 •? v 5
$50 Cash. $10 Monthly. "MH^IHR' |
ALL STREET WORK DONE, ! -23 728 725 87 s I
, g C 24 725 725 36 g -^
Graded, sewered and macadamized. Half block '- — —
to public school. Be quick— l 2 lots sold already. g, 25 sold 725 sb g
This is a splendid chance to make money or < _, - : ■ » c
secure a home lot.  "; .-^'.- S § S . 2
Call for complete list of Richmond property. 1 " .*" *" 3 1 ? 1 1
... ■"■". .:.'.•''■• '."-,. .X■ j J au ' 5Q '' eu jOO ■ co
1 • • '26 27 28 29 30 31 32 IS3 34
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, — ■» » ■»!«!» »»'»«* |__
BSBttBPSBf CALIFORNIA STREET.
10 Montgomery Street. ::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::"":::::::::::^::::::::::
Wlßf Ml hftfTOiinfiim ii iithwib iiii 1 1 iiiiiiiiiiiiiirlilTliiii . Car Line.
NEW TODAY. :
BSFAIt c o
SWEANY,
San Francisco's ' •
Leading and Most Successful Specialist.
WHY
Do the sick people of San Francisco and vicinity
crowd his office daily ?
BECAUSE
They have been advised to consult him by
their former physicians, and friends that have
been cured by him. Because they have heard
of. his fame, which is beiner spread not only
over the - United States, but also among the
medical societies of Europe.
WHY
Do the Fick people have such faith and confi-
dence iv the ability of DR. SWEANY ?
BECAUSE
FACTS ARE STUBBORN THINGS, and the
wonderful CURES he has effected have created
confidence and delighted the hearts of those
who had struggled in vain for years againstthe
ravages of disease until this successful physi-
cian restored them to health.
WHY
Does DOCTOR SWEANY receive equal praise
and gratitude from lUCH and POOR ?
BECAUSE
Everybody, whether rich or poor, receives
equal care and treatment, and no suffering
human being is turned awpy.
Do people afflicted with SYPHILIS and infec-
tious diseases of the blood apply to DOCTOR
SWEANY for treatment instead of going to
Hot Springs ?
BECAUSE
Many have not the means of goin*? to the
springs, and furthermore . ihey are uncertain
as to the result*. On the other hand they Know
I that DOCTOR SWEANY can cuie them, and
j that his reputation has been established by
[ effecting cures of CHRONIC DISEASES where
other physicians of acknowledged ability had
failed. r
MEN WHO ARE WASTING AWAY
Take heed and secure proper treatment before
it is too late. If you are suffering from the
effects of early indiscretions, excesses and un-
natural losses, which rob the blood of its rich-
ness ar.d the body of its animating influences,
which enfeeble the constitution and result in
IMPOTENCY, PARALYSIS, SOFTENING; OF
THE BRAIN and finally INSANITY, if you are
tormented with morbid fear and your days are
passed with distressing thoughts of your
disease and you are unfit for the every-day
duties of life, if you have any or all of those
symptoms you are suffering from SEMIMAL
WEAKNESS, NERVOUS DEBILITY and their
kindred causes. DOCTOR SWEANY'S ex-
perience in treating such diseases has been
world-wide. He has cured thousands of others
and CAN CURE YOU.
CHRONIC DISEASES 2fS Tl 'Si:
! neys, Stomach and Liver permanently cured so
that there will be no fear of a relapse in the
t future. • . .
TUC DflflD %Vho call nt liis offices on
I fill rUUn Friday .afternoons are wel-
come to the uoctor's services free of charge. .
WRITE
.Your troubles if living away from the city.
i Thousands are cured at home by means of cor-
j respoudenee, and medicines sent tuem. Let-
ters are answered in English, French, German,
i Italian, Swedish, Xorwe^ian and Danish. .
Office Hours— 9 a,m. to 12 m.. 2to 5 and7t3
, 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 .m. only.
. ADDRESS:
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market Street, S.F., Cal.
. Opposite Examiner Office. . ,
v jto-pat;
f""f| HOLAH BROS.
I \ I shoe ca
MONSTER SALE
OF
Black Shoes
To make room for forty carloads of
TAN SHOES
Which will arrive April 1.
We will close out all our
Black Shoes at 25c, 50c and 75c
On the dollar for net cash, according to
the styles.
We have no space to carry them over, as we will
need it all for our
TAN SHOES.
PRICES WILL BE NO OBJECT
In closing out our
BLACK SHOES.
We want this known aa the
BOSS SALE OF THE SEASON
And to make it the Boss Sale we will make the
prices so low that every one will buy their Shoes .
during this sale . "
It will pay any one to buy all the Shoes they
need for the next twelve momhs during this »ale.
BEAR IN MIND
You will have nothing to lose and all to gain by
purchasing your . shoes during this sale, for it
Shoes are not satisfactory, or -just as represented,
return them at our expense and we will refund th«
money. . _
A RUBBER BALL 6R BASE BALL
Given with every purchase of Shoes.
We have just Issued
50,000 MORE CATALOGUES
' Showing all the latest style and up-to-date Shoes,
anil all at reduced prices. ..
*end us your address and we will mall you ft
Catalogue.
Notice to Our Out-of-Town Patrons
We Prepay Express or Mall Charges to any part
of the Pacific Coast on all orders for shoes at Cat**
logne prices on receipt of remittance.
! WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORE
ON MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention*
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
! 812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
. . PHELAN BUILDIXG.
long Distance Telephone 5537*
DR.WOXGWOO
Chinese DriiM Jff"*^.^^
and Tea anil Herb Mk -
Sanitarium, - fv Tm
776 CLAY STKKET, Jgk —^ ,f» ,
Bet, Kearny and Dupont, |m^l Ogs^ 2?
San i'rancisco. E"V **C* /w
I, the undersigned, have . MA j v fff .
been cured from fcidnty fiibM "*' -»
j troubip, from " whicU I|r WBl ™ M^ M
suffered for over 10 years, f T^J^jS J 3
Office honrs: 9:30 to 11 B g&flflilwfo
A.M.: i to 3. 7to9p.M. mmtmKsxa^-mmm^ti^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
OHARLES H. FHIMiIPS, ATTOKNEY-A*
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo»
■ite Palace Hotel. . Kesidence, 16'iO Fell at. Tei»
phone 073. Residence telephone, "Pine 2511."
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SLMMAUY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange firmer.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat futures fairly active.
Wheat freights steady.
rarley. Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran 50c hUher. Middlings unchanged.
Hay in moderate roc-lpt.
Flour and Millstuffi unchanged.
Beans and Seeds OOtet.
Potatoes firm. Onions weak.
Butter hss depressed. Cheese weak.
Eggs cheap, weak and dull.
Vegetables selling well.
Considerable change in Poultry.
Apples linn.
Apricots and Peaches hnrt by the frost.
Oranges steady.
Dried Fruit still neelected.
Provisions firm, but quiet.
Bprlng Wool cotnini; In.
Hops down to bedrock.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Oil qaotatlona ns i>-fore.
No cliHii^i' In Coff**.
Meat uinrkt't iinl:s:urhed.
r tplanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poiiits of equal air pressure; isc
th<rms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word •■high"' means high barometric pressure and
Is usuaJli* accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually ;ir<t appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the Co**;, and the isobars extend north and
■oiitti nions the coast, rain is probable: but when
•low*' is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain toatb of Oregon is Improbable. With :;
In the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
faiini toihei ',-.1 if or nla coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The revers- of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.
AVEATHKK lilßEAl' REPORT.
X'nitf.ii statks Dkpartmknt oif AsßirrL
ti kk. Wi aiiikk P.niKAr, San Francisco. Jan
nary 10, 1890. 5 p. m. Weatiier conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the samo date last year:
Eureka yj.nl. last season 32. 33: Red Bluff 1453,
last season IS; San Francisco 13.89, last season
'21.97: Fres-io 4.V3. hist season 11. 3J; S.-in Luis
Obispo 14.61, last season '2-.'.46; Los Augeles 7.82,
la>.' sv-iison 11.68; San UießO 4.44, last seison
10.-J8: Vuica .88. last seasou S.Ol.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Knreka
64, Ked Blurt 1 76, Sau Francisco 70. Fresno 72, In
dependence — . San I.nis Obispo 70, Los Angel-s
74, San DiegO .72, Yuma 74.
San Francisco data— Maxinrim temperature 70,
minimum 54, mean 62. Thi-re was no rainfail
durinsr the past twenty-four hi>urs.
An area of high pressure overlies the Western
half of the United States this i-vening, the highest
pressure being 30.42 'nches at Salt Lake City. The
hieh area movinc Jrorn the co&st on Monday niglit
eastward has brought with It decidedly warmer
weather, with clear sWy. There is very little
cloudiness west of the Rocky Mountains, and tb'e
temperatures to-night are high, being from 10 to
15 degrees above the normal. No rain has fallen
west of the Kocky Mountains durim? the past
twenty-four hours, and there does not appear to be
any prospect of rain durinit the next twenty-four
hours, The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Northwestern CoasU >
Forecast made at San Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight March 11, Ib9tj:
Northern California— Kair Wednesday; light,
variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday: lignt
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; continued warm
weather.
Vtah — Fair Wednesday: slightly warmer.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; continued high tem
perature,
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday;
continued hUh t-mperature; l.ght nonherly
winds, becoming easterly.
ALKXANPER G. McADIK.
Local Forecast Ofliclal.
NKW YOICK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 10.— There were
few features ot interest to the railway and mis
cellaneoua speculation to-day. Tobacco, as oi
late, monopolizefl speculative attention, and
figured J'or 92,700 shares in a grand total of
190,800 shares. The stock first declined V ? to 72,
and then on heavy transactions rose to 75V8. with
a subsequent reaction t0748/ 8 @7434. The advance
in this stock was ascribed to covering of short
contracts. There was little doing In Cotton Oil,
and the stocks were firmer, the common rising
li/i to 15 and the preferred lVa to 60y±. A house
credited with Vanderbilt connections was the
heaviest buyer, and it was also said that the com
pany had no floating debt.
This started a latent short interest in covering
the result, just noted. Sugar was quiet und Gen
eral Klectric firm. Leather preferred broke lV*
to 595/ 8 and the stock lacked support. In the
railway list Baltimore and Ohio was in fair request,
advancing to 18. All the Gould stocks were in
demand. Th' decision on the par; of the directors
of th • Western Union and Manhattan to make the |
iiMi:tl distribution to stockholders had a favora- I
Die Influence. The report of the Missouri Pacific j
for the year ended December 31, 1895, strength
ened that stock for a time.
1 be grangers, internationals, trunk ' lines and I
anthracites were without feature and the trading 1
in them was on an unusually small, scale, specu- |
laiion closed q-.iiet and tirm in lone. ..Net chances |
show advances of y«(S>5/8i Manhattan leading. To- I
bacco gained iy . while leather preferred fell 1%. |
- Bonds were liuil a!nt tirm. Tlie sales ifootea up 1
$1.828.U00. P.altimore and Ohio Consolidated I
lives rose 1 to 96; do fives of li)_s. 13/ g to 87; I
Lake Hhore second consolidated sevens, lVg to j
120fi/8; Northwestern gold sevens, 1 to IJBV2 I
Union Pacific sixes of 1898, 1 to-1043/ a ; do of
1899, 1 to 105, and Wisconsin Central lives cer
tificates, 1 to 44. -V
In Government bonds $155,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 117(&,117y 8 ; $1000 coupon fours of 1
1907, llOVi- .
Grain.
I.OT'R— Dull, easy. Winter wheat, low erades,
$2 50(5,3; do fair to fancy. $2 85(<£3 90: do patents,
$3 9tifat 15: M lunesoia clear. »2 70(g;3 30: Minne
sota Straits, %'M<if'A 6#: Minnesota pnients, $:» 3.V#
4 30; low extras, $2 ">o'oi;i : city mills, $4 15©4 25:
city mills paxents, $4 30@4 45; rye mixture.
92 50fg>3 30: superfine, Jf2 LU@2 70; tine, $2@'- ( 55.
Soiitiiern Hour— yuiet; common to fair extra,
f 2 40(53: good to choice, 93@3 30. Rye flour— £»ull,
easy ; $2 80ra,2 X 5. . . ,
Bl cKWiir.AT—
CORNMEAL— Quiet, steady; yellow Western,
$2 20@52.25: Brandy wine. 82 20. •
RYii—^tate, 49c delivered; Western, 48V2C
BARLEY—More active aud firm; No. 2 Milwau
kee.' 45c
ItLKY MALT— Firm. Western, 55(358c.
W H EAT — Spot market dull, e»s er with options.
No. 2 reo. store and elevator, 791/2 C: afloat, 81c:
1. o. b., 80y 2 (aßiyjc; ungradeu red, t>E@B3c: No. 1
Northern, 74 a c. '
uptions dull and weak at y @s/ 8 c decline on
easier cables, lower West and local realizing. May.
and July only traded in. No. 2 red, March. 73%c:
April. 73!«4c; May, 7ly2C; June and July. 71V«c.
>K.\ — I'irm, dull. »No. 2, lo6£c elevator; 41.'. 8 c
afloat. - t ■'• '-..-. -
Options dn:l and firm at V B c advance on higher.
\V( st aod local covering: May most active. March,
38c; May. 3Uy 8 c; July, 37c.
OATS— DuII, easier.
Options dull, . nominal; March, 2514 c; May,
253/ c s I > f »t prices: No. 2.253,4<ta26c: No. 2 white,
27>AC: No. 2 Chicago, 27c: No. 3,25 c; No. 3
white. 23c: mixed Western, 26@27c; while do,
i!7(*'J9c; white state. 27&29 C. •
FEED-Bran. 60@62%c.
M IHM.IN(iS-65(g.70c.
RYE- Feed, 62y 2 ®65c.
■ : Provisions.
. BKEF HAMS— at $14 50@15; tierced beef,
st<adv, dull; city extra India mess, $16<SM6 50;
cm meats, betur demand.: pickled tellies, 12 Ids.
■ 4^@il' c: dv saouliltr.s, iy^is; do bams, by 2
S»' 4 c. . ■ . -- . ;.:/■:-•:-- -..-.-
LARD— Quiet, stronger. .Westers steam. «s 62y ;
city. $5; May, $5.80.- Refined, quiet; continent,
f6 90; South American. $6 15; compound," 4s/ 8 @
i : uHK- Active, firm. iless, $10010 60.
BUTTER-Choice fairly active.firm. A\ estern
creamery. I4(<J22c: Elpins. 22c: imitation cream
ery roils. 9@l3c; rolls, 6@B>/oC. q .. •
CHEESK-Steady: unchanged. State large,
6@614<-; do fancy, 10i/ 4 c: 5mn11.6@103.4c;
p«n sKims, 3i4a»7c: full skims lV2@bc-
FGOS— \ctive. State and Pennsylvania, 12®
1214 c: Southern, lOVa^l l c ioeho,,se. case,
$2 50@2 85; Western, fresh, 11 14@ll» c: duck,
" TALLOW— Quiet, less firm. City. 3 13-16 c:
country, 4 (ff:-i"t.c. • J .
COTTONSEED- OlL— Firmer, Detter demnnd;
crude. 81c: yellow prime, 25 i.-jc: <lo oft grade, 25c.
RESlN— Quiet, steady ; strained common to good
$1 70®'l 75. •
TURPENTINE— Quiet, s!e»dy; 29V4@29»4c.
POTATOES— Steady: moderate demand; sweet,
$1 20@4 70. * ' ,
RlCE— Firm, fair demand: domestic, fair to ex
tra. 3f<&s 3 ic; Japan, 334@4c. •
MOLA&sKs— Fairly votive: choice firm; New
Orleans open ketrle. good to choice. 27@37c
COFFEE— Steady: sto 15 points up: March,
$13 25; April, $l'/85: May, $12 70@12 75: June,
*1 2 35: July. $12@12 05: August, $11 H!l@(aJil t>s;
September, 11 2a; ■ December, $10 96@11. spot
Rio, firmer, t\-Aet: No. 7. 13% c.
SCWAR— H»w, e«sv. quiet; fair refining. 3 r -sc;
cfiitrifticHlPb test. 4«4i&c. Hefinrd. quiet; Ka 8, '.
4*'-c: No. 7. 6 l-16c: No. 8. 4V4c: No. 9, 4 3-lbV; |
No. 10. 41/^c: No. 11. 4 l-16c: N0. '12, 4c; No. 13, !
8 16 16c: o9 A. 4 T-li'(q.t 11-Jtic; mohi A, 6Vic;
stuiiiiiini A, sc; confectioners' A.4%c: enHoar»n<l ;
crashed, 55/ st;; ])owdereil and cubes, oV±c; granu
lated, sc.
lTuit ami Produce.
CATIFORNIA FRUlTS— Almonds, soft-shell.
7y2fa-8c; do pnper-shell, 11<gi\'2c.
APkIC( Bags. 9 ' 1 '-'c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 4y @7c; do pe6led, 13@
@15c. .
f'KI'NES— Four sizes, baes, 514 c.
RAISINS— layers, 86(a95c: doClusters,
51 25@1 45: ao 2-crown. loose, 2S'«@2»4c: do
3-crown. 3i4©3Vj|C: do 4-crown. 4V4@*sc.
WALN UTS-Standard. 6y @7c; do soft-shell,
Bi<2(g.loc.
HOPS— Quiet: State, common to choice, 2y 2
@8c: Pitcilic Coast. 2y 2 @Bc. London market un
changed.
woOL—F irm: domestic fleece, 16@22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, »@l3.
3lerchandise.
PIO IRON-Quiet: $11 75®13 50.
COPPER— DuII: Lake. $11@11 12V ? .
LEAD— Easy: Domestic, $3 ic@3 12i' 2 .
TIN-Firmer; straits, $13 35(^13 40; plates,
quiet.
bPELTER-Weak: domestic, *4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO 3IAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 11.1-, March 10.— It was deemed ad
visable among wheat traders to wait and see what
information the Government would furnish this
afternoon, consequently there was less doing on the
market to-day than otherwise might have been. J
Conj- ctnre as to the reserves in farmers' hands j
which would be estimated in the report placed the j
amount anywhere from 110,000,000 bushels to i
130,000.000 busbels. Anything; over or under
these figures was considered oearish or bullish as I
the case might be. The market ranged lower than i
yesterday, a decline at Liverpool and large North
western receipts, 467 cars, not affording any confi
dence to holders. Chicago received 9£ cars and
Inspected out 206,062 bushels.
Uradstreet's reported a decrease in the world s
visible supply of 2,053,000 bushels. The tra.iewas
looking for a creater reduction, therefore selling j
was occasioned by the comparative smaUness of
the amount. Closing Herlm cables were lower.
Other Continental cables were not received by the
board. Export clearances were light at 188.936
bushels. The Daily Trade Bulletin cave a de
crease of flour and wheat in the United States and
Canada dur.ng February of 10,665,000 bushels.
I May wheat opened from 65c to 64% c, declined to
641/2 C closing at 64%@65— yac under yesterday. (
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 65 cars.
CORN— Was aftected by wheat, but not to the \
extent of forcing an Important di-cline. The feel
in? wbs barely steady at prices ranging a fraction
under yesterday. Business was dull and nothing j
eventful took place. Receipts were 535 cars. 3f>
over the estimate. There was no withdrawals from
store. Liverpool cables were quiet and steady.
Bradstreet's reported an increase in available sup
plies cf 635,000 bushels, May corn opened at
SOV'aC, sold at 30Vi@ s /»c, closing sit 301./4 C, nn
! chanxed from yesterday. Estimated receipts lor
to-morrow. 260 cars.
OATS— Moved scarcely at all. The Inactivity
gave the market an appearance of steadiness, but
j trading amounted to nothing. Receipts were 396
cars. Withdrawals irom store amounted to 44.427
bushels. Bradstreets gave an Increase In stocks of
374,000 mishels. Mayosts ciosed a shaile under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 170
C & KLAX- Was steady. Cash, 89@89y 2 c; May,
90 5901,4 C. Keceipls 22 cars.
PROVISION'S— The hog market made a gain In
prices of s(a<loc this morning, and as was natural
under the circumstances proJuct followed sutt,
opening higher and ruling firm afterward. Busi
ness was moderate. May pork closed 10@liy»c
higher, May lard 5c higher, and May ribs 7V 2 @loc
higher.
Closing Pricen.
WHEAT — March, 63y 2 c; May, 64%@65c;
July, 65y2C.
CORN— March, 285/ 8 May, 3014 c; July. 3iy @
OA.TS— May, 20% c; July, 21Vfjc: September,
2IV4C.
PORK— May, ?9 95: July, $10 12y .
LARD— May, $5 50; July, $5 t»2 '-■«.
KIBS-May. 32%; July, $5 42%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. li.v. March 10-The j
offerings of cattle to-day were lisht. Everything j
was disposed of at yesterday's decline. The de- |
mand was fair. The run of hogs was light, and all j
offeri ngs were quickly picked up at an advance of
s(a<lof. sheep were sienrty, there being a good, j
general demand. i Receipts were good.
TTLF-Kecelpts. 10,000. Fancy beeves, 94 50
@4 601 choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
S4 15*6)4 40: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600
pounds. $3 85(a,4 10; medium steers. 1150 to 1300
pounds, S3 60@3 8<): common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds. $3 30(<i3 50: feeders. 900 to 1200 pounds.
$3 40@3 75; stockers, 600 to 900 pounds, 92 76@
3 40; bulls, choice to extra, '93@3 50; do, poor to
good, 9i:@2 90: cows and heifers, extra, $ 3 50(g»
3 75; cows, fair to choic, $2 s<)@3 40: rows, poor
togood canners. i?l 50&3 45: veal calves, goo.l to
choice $5 25@6 25; calves, common to eood,
S2 75(^5: Texas fed steers, $3@4 10: Texa3 bulls,
oxen nud cows, 9-J 35@3 25; milkers and spring
ers, per head, $20@40.
HOGS— Keceipts, 14,000. Heavy packlntc ana
shipping lots. 94@4 15: common to choice
mixed. 93 9504-20: choice assorted. 94 20®
4 26; light, $3 95@4 25; nigs. 93 40®4 15.
ll KKl'— Receipts. IS.OUO. Inferior to choice,
*■-' 50^3 K5; lambs, 93 50@4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at Z(a,^Wi: last
loan at 3%, and closing offered at 3". Prime mer
cantile paper. 5@5y 2 %. Bar silver, 685/ c. Mexican
dollars. 643;@55y 2 c. Sterling exchange Is firmer,
with actual 1 ns<ness In DanKers Mils at 94 b7@
4 87i'4 for HO days and 94 88@4 88*4 for demand.
Postea rat»«, t* 88@4 89. Commercial bills.
C 4 86@4 86y»- Government bonds steady; State
bonds quiet; rauroaa bonas firm. Silver at the
board was dull.
iiWiN« «Torir.*.
Am Tel <fe Cable.... 91 | Norfolk 4 Wet... 1%
Atchlson 16i/i Preferred... 7
Preferred 2 5 5 /s Northern Paciflo.. 4
Adams Express. ..l 47 j Preferred.. 17
Alton, Haute. 56 Nonnwestern 103y 2
American Express.lll I Preferred/. -^^Vz
American Tobacco. 74% N. Y. Central 9ji/ 2
Preferred 100 1 N. Y. Chicago<fcß.L l 2y a
Bay Btate 28 Ist preferred..... 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17 /8 preferred...... JH
iirunswick iJinda.. J /t >% T. <fc N. H ........ 1 77
; Buffalo. Koch <fc P. 1* N. V.4 New Ens. 40
i Canada Pacific. ... 65 N . Y. Buaq <fc W._ 9.V S
; Canada 6outhern.. "0 ' Preferred... ...... 27
Canton Land 60% Ontario. . I.U/ 2
Central Pacific.... 1* Ontario <fc Western. 143^
1 Ches.— 0hi0....... 165/3 Oregon Improvm 2
: Chicago A1t0n..... I" Preferred. ...„—•
Preterrea 170 j Oregon Navigation. 12i/
; ChlcaMO. it. A Q ••' 77 ret-on Miorl Lin*. 4y 8
' Chlca|o"<SK.lll... 43 Pacific Mall tlj!
Preferred 98 Peona, D.<& Evana. 2V-
Chlcasouas.. ..... « V' 2 Plttsburg* W pfd. '19 ,
! Clevedt Pittsburg.ltiO IPullman Pa1ac*...157
I consolidation Coal. JW QuicksUver.......-, li^
: Consolidated Ga5..154V 2 ' Preferred...... .. 15i,
iC. CC. <fe Loaia. 35y 8 Beaain*... ■ 11%
Preferreti. ..... 88 KioUrande AWe«n 1« V 2
Cola Fuel <St Iron.. 9> 2 Preferred.. 43y 2
Preferred '9fiVs|Hock 151 ana....... 7is/ 8
Cotton Oil Cert.... l«»y KomeWat«fcOgdenllsy 2
i Commercial Cable. 155 bt. L.4S.W :•
D*l. iludson 12) I Preferred... lli^
Del.Lack<fcWesternl«iy SUPaul...... .....; 77y 8
i>enver<fc K. U 13 Preferred......... l<9y
Preferrea. -;9 Ut. Paul dt Dulat_ "'a
DlstUler* l^Vs Preferred 90
tienerai Electric... H Bt. Paul 4 Oman*. 4 11/-
Erie. ... 1 ■'•/» Preferred 121
Preferred. i^, '•*«. P. M. <t M......109
Fort Wayne 162 .Silver Cemncates.. 6><
GreatNorthern olo.lo3 't>outhern Paclflc... i 9
Green Bay.;.. x^ fcoutnern U. X..... 914
Harlem 29j> ; Preferrea 303/ 8
Hocklnir Coal.. 3i/ 2 bugar Refinery.... ll >7/ a
Hocking VaUer... l^Vai Preferred......... 1033,4
Homestaice... 30 . ITenn. Coal dt Iron. ;^»i/ 4
H. & Texas Cenu. 1V» Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 9t> Texas Pacific BS/
lowaCentraL - 834 lol.A.A.dt N.MicU, ...
Preferred......... 341/, 101. &OhloCen.... 10
Kansas <£ Texas.— I* "j Preferred .65
Preferred...;..... 2-i % lol.St. Louis 4
Kingston* Pern... 3 Preferred......... 10
L»ke Erie <£ Westa 193/ 8 Union Pacific .... 7'/i
Preferred 71 , L . P.. Den. dt UulL 4y a
Lace Shore 147 I.a Corda«»..._.. 6V»
Notional Lead 2 U4' ; Preferred loy
Preferred.......... Hsi/ a Guaranteed • 'i'iy%
Lonjtlslana. ....... 81 V. B. Express...... 42
Louisville 4 Naia. b* L. B. Leather 914
Louisville Na4 Ch. 9u, Preferred. _, ft»T/ 8
Preferred......... %l .U.S. Ruober 25
Manhattan <'onsoi. 3<» '■'- Preferred H2 .
Mempms4Ctiarls. 15 t'tlca B. River.. 161.
Mexican central... >1 , Wab. fc>. L. <t Pao.. *; t H
Michigan Central.. 95 -Preferred......... 18.
MInn4SJ.L i W'ells-Farg0........ e(V
- Preferrea.'....-.... .Western Union..-. 84%
Minn. & (St. Lcoau IS) |W is Central ...... : J ,\ 2
preferred..... 7» Wheeling 4 L.X.. - 11
2d preferred...... 49 j Preferred......... 37
Missouri Pacific.. 244 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 6014
Moblledt 0hi0..... 2 W U Beet 9
Nashville Chatt....' t8 Ann Arb0r......... lo
National Linseed.. 16 i Preferred ........ 2U*
N. j.li-ntral ;. lo«V4jßrooklynß Transit - 28
North American... , 6'/» ;
CT.OSINH ; BONTM.
V 4«, ree ....... 1081/4 M T2ds ....... 6014
Do, 4s coupon . . . 1 1 0 I -D 0,45............., 45..... ........ BBi/^
U 845newreg.....117 Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon. ..117 IN J Cent Oen 85...l 17.
Da 2*.. 95 Northern Pao Ist* 117
Do, 6s 1123,4! Do, 2dt.. ....... 11*V4
Do, 6s coudoil... 112 j;o, »0j.. .„....,. 82
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
> Cherokee 4s. 1890.100 I Nortnwest Consols. 1 38 y 3
Do, 1897.......... 1011 Do.aeb 58........110
DO. 1898.... ...... 100 084N]|«..;.,.l 9
1)0. J899.. '■";.:.'. IWI ' SiLAlronMtOen 79
i Paclnc 68 0f '05....— — . St L«fc S.F Gun 6s. l't>
! I). C. 3-6 65. ....... 110 H l'aul Consols ...188
Class 4.....:. 108 H. I. C. <fe lsti.lls
Do. Class 84. ss. 1<»8 i Uo. Pac Cal ists- 110
I.ti coii3'>i4s. 99 ; Pouthern K. R. fts. 91Vs
Missouri lundln?..— 'Texas Pacißc Orsti 89
JS* Carollni»oon 65.. 122V2 Texas Pacseconas. 23%
Do, 48..:.. 103 i:nionPaclstof»B.lo2y
Fo Carolina 4y>5...107 West Shore 4b... 105" 8
Term I'P'v .is „ fe6 : Mobile Ohio 45.. «6/4
Va funding debt... 61 V 2 R GranaeWest l«ta 7-' 1 a
Do, reg ChesifeOßs 108*/
JUo. deferred 65.. . 6VI Atchlson 4s 78V*
l>o. trust rcpts st 6.1 -Do. 2ds A... 2fi'/a
Canada Kouth2ds.. JO4 ABA 6s .105
Cen Pac lstsor'9s TOO ! Do. 2d 7s. :..... 100
L-en&RGlst 113 H <fc Tex Cent 6i.. 110
Do. «5..... ....... 89 Do.con6s 106
I-rie2ds.... 7uy s Reading *s. 7S
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Mißnoun tin. ....... 100
*>■& i * lbta Jjea dlv!o9
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WEUI IN LIVERPOOU
LIVERPOOL, Enq.. March 10.— The spot market
is dull at 6s 7^d@ss BVi)d. Cargoes steady at 28s
4y 3 d arrived.
FUTfRF.S.
The I'roduc? Kxchan^e ccble gives the following
Llven>coi Quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
fis (>il; April.'; F» 1 4d; .May. 6s t> l /ad; June, 6s
eVid; July, 5s D^ 1.
SKCITKITIF.S.
LO.VD')S", X.vii., March -Consols. 109 V&:
silver, 31 7-16(1; French Rentes, 102f 77Vic.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — 4 88y 3
New York Exchange, sight...... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic ■ — Par
Fine Silver, f, opnee — 68%
Mexican Dollars... 66Vi 56
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GKAINS.
WIIEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 22s 6d,
usual options, wl'h an occasional spot charter. The
chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered ton-
nage of 25,300, against 40.001) tons on the same
date last year; disengaged is.lou tons, against
44.600: on the way to this port, 26^,400 tons,
against 209.500.
WHEAT— The Dundonald takes for Hull 78,631
cils, valued at $89,450: Strathdon, for London,
43.094 ctlsat $48,000.
spot Wheat is dull at the recently reduced prices.
Futures show rather more aetivitv, hut are weak.
.No. I,sl 10: choice, UVi@l 12y 2 ; lower grades,
$l@108%; fxira choice lor milling, $1 20@l 26
%* ctl.
CAM. B0AK1) BAI>EB.
Lskobmal Session— lo o'clock— May— loo tons,
! $1 11; 300, $1 m/s: 200, $1 11V«. December—
i 200. $1 10: 200, s>l 09%: 300, $1 095/ 8 ; 700,
! $1 09%: 500, ?1 09.%.
Kkoii-au Mouxinq Skssion— May -200 tons,
! SI lls/ ; 200, $1 11 Va- Deceinber-1000, f 1 09%;
600, *1 10.
aktkrnoon Session — December — 900 . tons,
$1 09» Alay — 200. $1 11%:- 300, $1 11-^s-
Seller '««, new, storage paid— loo, $1 06y 9 -
BAKLEY— Shipment oi 16,689 ctls Brewing,
valued a. $15,450, to London. •>
Quotatioiis run alone with remarkable uni
-1 formity and the market for all descriptions Is quiet.
! Feed. b7 Vs(ja,7oo "|4 ctl ; choice. 71 /±(3i72V a -Brew
ing, 75@S^VaC
CALL, BOARD BAI.KS.
Inkormai. Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kkqular .Morning SfcssioN— May— 7oo tons,
71Vic December- 100, 7:«i-oc.
Aftk.rnoon Session— May— lCO tons, -71<%c:
100, 7iy c. December- 100, 73y a c; 100, 73V±c;
I 600, 73V8C
OATS— Dullness continues 10 characterize the
| market. Milling, 75@80c: fancy Feed, 80@82yj.cljl
i ctl: eood to choice, 72y>(g77Vic; common to fair,
70c: (■ray, 70(&75cf ned, tor seed, «s@*l 05;
Black 65c(g>$l 10: Surprise, 90@95c.
CORN— la very quiet at the low prices, with
1 ample offerings. Large Yellow, 87Vj@90c; Small
Bound do, 97i.«c(a$l ; White. 80@85c ~? ctl. ;
RYE— Is easy and quiet at 80<&S2VaC ty ctL
BUCKWHEAT— S6@9bc %i Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Prices remain undisturbed. Xetcash
prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 90@4 Is,
bbl: Bakers' extrus, $3 So@3 90; superfine, $2 75
($2 85 "f bbL
COKSMEAL, ETC. —Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
! Cracked Corn, $21 jj> ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tti sacks areas fol
' lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
' 2 ic; Hye Flour, 3 Vic; Rice Flour, 7VJC; Corn-
I meal, 2»4@3c; extra cream do, 3%c: Oatmeal,
! 3 4c: Oat Croats, 4Vic; Hominy, 4fa>4y2C; Buck
j wheat Flour, 4c; cracked Wheat, 3y c; Fartua,
! 4Va c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c;itollea Oats, 4y c;
I Pearl Barley, 4Vijc; Split Peas, tALo; Greeu do,
51.4 c 14 Ib. .-■'-'• ': \ --'■- --'■/
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is higher at $12@12 60 %> ton.
MlDDLlNGS— Unchanged at $16@17 f> ton for
lower grades and $17 50@18 50 y. ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, f16@17 ton
Oilcake Meal at ttn- mill, *21 f* ton: jobbing,
$21 50; Cottonseed Oilcake. $21.
- HAY— Arrivals are moderate and the niarKet Is
steady at th« old pr.ee*. Wheat. $*@11 60 1* ton;
Oat, $B@9 r> ton: Wheat and Oat, $B@ll '?■ ton:
i Barley, 97M9; Alfalfa. $7@9: Clover, $6@B 50;
! Comprettsed. $7<&>lo 50: Stock, $6@7 f4 ton.
STRAW— 3S@6Oc f* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Colored are steady at the Improved
prices. No change In Whites. Business continues
quiet. Bayos, $1 10@l i.O: Small Whites, $1 25
@1 40 ¥> cil; Pea. $1 40@l 50 f» ctl ; Large Whites,
*1 10<&l 15; Pink. 90<(g;*l 20; Reds. $1 65@1 90;
Blackeye, nominal; Rea Kidney, nominal; Limas,
] $2 25@2 55: Butters, $1 40@l 50 t* ctl.
SEEDS— Beyond the advance in Alfalfa there
j has been no advance for some time. ' Brown Mus-
I tard is quotable at $1 95©2 0j {* ctl; Trieste.
1 $2<&2 20 ft Ctl; Yellow Mustard, sl 40@l 60; Flax,
: $l7Wail 75; Canary, 3V4@3V»c f* l»>: Alfalfa, 8@
9c ■ 16: Rape, IS/if^c %i tb; Jlemp, 4c %» tb.
I DRIED PEAS— 25(^1 40 * ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Choice lots rule firm. New Pota
-1 toes are quoteble at 203 c 't> lb: Stockton
Sweets. $1 50@l 75 1* ctl: Merced Sweets,
$2@2 25; Salinas Burbauks, 75@90 fl ctl: River
liurbanks, 30@40c fi sack; Oregon Burbanks, 50@
70c: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70@85c; River Reds,
50(d)60c r p ctl: Early Rose, 40@60c; Petalumas and
Tomales, 40@50c.
ONIONS— Weak ana quiet. ■ Good to choice, 50®
60c '# ctl: Cut Onions, 26@40c; Oregon. 75{ai85c.
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 636 " boxes
Asparagus ana 562 boxes Rhubarb and 163 sucks
Peas.
In spite of the heavy receipts of Asparagus and
Rhubarb both sold remarkably well, owing chiefly
to liberal shipping orders. There are practically
i no Beans, Green Peppers, Tomatoes or Egg Plant
I coming in at the moment.
Egg Plant, %l Ib; Mexican Tomatoes. 50
I @1 75 %t box; Cucumbers, 60c@$l 50 H dozen;
Asparagus, 4@6c t* lt> for ordinary ; and B@loc
' for ex'ra: Rhubarb. 40r@$l ft box; Mushrooms,
10@15c * lb: Dried Peppers, 10@iay c; Green
Peppers, fi rb; Los Angeles Tomatoes,—— <p
box; Green Peas. iy2@3Vic "$ Ib for Los Angeles
and 3y 2 @sc %t lb for Bay; String Beans, :
Dried Okra, 12i/ 3 <: ; Cabbage. 40@50c ctl; Garlic,
4@sc £ Ib; Marrowfat Squash, $40 fi toa.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— shipments north kept the mar
ket steady yesterday, but It takes extra fancy But
ter to bring the top quo:atlon all the same. | Stocks
are liberal. Some packing on orders is being done
and this also helps the market more or loss.
Creamkby— Fancy, 18@19c, with specials at
20c; seconds, I7<&l7y c "# tt>.
Dairy— Fancy, 16@»16i/ijc f, Ib; good to choice,
15@16c: lower grades, 14c.
. Eabtkrn— Nominal.
CHKhsE— market continues to weaken,
though there is no accumulation of stock. Fancy
mild new, 11@11 y 2 c V tb: common togood, 9@loc
%*• Ib: Creum Chedaar, 12@12i/ 2 c: Youun America,
ll@12c; WesUrn, 115@12V2c: Eastern, 13@14c. ■,--.
Ei>OS— The tendency Is still downward and sales
are slow. Small ranch mixed with brown Eggs have
to be sold at the lowest figure, aa buyers consider
them inferior to large white store Eggs. We quote
store Kgps, loy 2 c: ranch Eggs, 10@12c ?. doz.
The ouside figure is hard to got.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POl'LTKY— Quotations show considerable change
Ducks are scarce, in demand and higher... Broilers
have advanced. Turkeys and young Koosters are
weaker.' •
■ Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c
fi tb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@17c; Oeese, V
pair, sfl 50(g.l 75; Ducks, $7(iiß i* doz for old and
9"<&8 foryoung; liens, 94(j£6i* doz; Roosters,
young. $6 50(af; do. old, $m 50@4: Fryers. 96@
6 60; Broilers, 95 50@B for large and 94@5 for
small; Pigeons, $2 75(gi3 it dozen for young and
92@2 25 for ola. '
GAME-Uare. 91@1 25;. Rabbils, fl 25@1 60
foi Cottontails and -f l > dozen for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Stocks are steadily growing smaller
and the market is firm at 91@1 25 y box : for good
to choice, 60@85c for common to fair, and 9 1 50
@2 for fancy. Reports from J Vacavllle yesterday
said that the damage to Apricots' by the frost, in
some ■ orchards at least, would ■be 50%, and to
Feaches2s%. • ; .
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges a>e In free supply
but steady at 76c@$l 26 for Seedlings: 91 50@2 75
f> box for Navels and $2 25(<12 60 for Malta Bloods:
frozen stock goes > down to nothing;. Lemons. 1@
1 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, .$4 60@5: California Limes. 75c
'$ box: Bananas, 91 25<&2 50 f 1 bunch; Pineapples,
92@5 dozen. _________
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
f DRIED -FRUITS— The market continues ne
glected.; The following prices rule on . the 7 ' Fruit
Exchange: , . ; . :
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y @3c f> th for quar
tered, 3@3V_c ¥> Ib for sllcedand'4l/.c^lb for
evaporated: Peaches,* MV 2 g4c ~$ lb and 6^_@6c for
fancy ; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7^@BVic
for me to choice. 91/2 C for lancy and U)'sllc
'f tb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2»/»c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c $
Ib for evaporated halves, 4@6y 2 c 9lb for quarters:
Prunes, S %@4c Plums, 4c l» tt> 'for pitted and |
iy 2 @2V«iCfor unpitted- Nectarines, 6@60 H Ib for
prime to choice and t>u,c for fancy. -SI««XiV
•lobbixh Prkks— Apples. 4@4y c; Peaches, 3@
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled In boxes, 10@12y c:
Prunes. 4c for the four sizes, 6c f» Ib lor 40@f>ii's
and 6c for 50M60V. Apricots, 6@9 l jot prime to
, choice, lO^llc'for fancy MooruHrk: Figs, black,
2y*@2.%c: White Kies. 3@sc: Pears. .6 y c for
evaporated halves and h@s%c for quarters:
Plums. 3Vi@4c for pitted and Kiel for unplt
ted; Nectarines. 4@sc V tb for prime to choice.
■ KAIBIMB AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as <fo lows, carload lots, f. o. b. , san Francisco: 1
London I\vers, 85<g)90c "c* box: four-crown, loose,
B*>4c "# lb; -three-crown. loose, 214 c f* Ib; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas.: 3%@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2 1 /2(3>23 / 4c; three-crown London layers.
70c; clusters, $1 35(<il 50; Dehesa clusf rs, $2 10
08*6] ; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76; -, Dried
rapes, 2V2C r» tb. ; • -
. Jobbixo Pbices — Four-crown loose, 3c; ■3
crowii, 2V4@2y c: 2-crown, l»/i@2c > seedlessSul
tanns, 4^4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@»l: clusters. $1 -Jo@l 50;
Dehesa clu:ters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2i/,c '
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc fl Ib: Walnuts, 7@Bc
fl Ib for No. 1 hard y@.9i«forsofishell, jobbin.:
lots; Almonds, 6@7y c tor Languedoc and BVb@
10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6c for
Eastern and 3y 2 ®iy2C for California: Jlickory
Xuts,s@6c; PecHiis, 6c for rough and 8 • for pol
ished: F lberts, B®9c; Uraiii Nuts. 7V2@Bc^tt>;
Cocoannts. $4 50@5 '& 100. *^
IIONKV-Comb is quotable at 10@12c^ lb for
bri?lit and B<a9c ' ? ' Iti : for lower grades; water
white extnwied, rafti&c * tt>; lisht amber ex
tracted, 4i4(<i4%c:(iHrk"Hniber, 4c: dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— •iidiYi-ro, • fr. ; • '■- ■•,-. . V
ntovisioNS.
CURED MEATS— market is quiet, but prices
are firm as a rule. Bacon, 6V<> 1 ' for heavy, 7Vic f*
Ib for light medium, 9Vbc fi tb" for light, 10y 2 c for
extra light and 12J/2C for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, riV @l2c; California Hams,
10iA@llc; Mi-d Beef, $8 >i bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 bbl :
extra clear, $16^ bbl: mess, $14 $ bbl; Smoked
Beef. 10@10y 2 c fi lb. -.-
LARD-Eaatern, tierces, is quotable at 6y c
tb for cdmjiound and 8c for pure; pails, BV2C; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6VSBC for pure;
half-bbls, 6%c; 10-Ib tins, 7y 2 c; do 5-lb, 7»4c tb.
COTTOLENE— 7V4c in tierces and 8c ■$ lb in 10
--lbtins. :•;■>/■ ' •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
lIIDES AND SKlNS— Prices show no change
worthy, of j note. Heavy salted • steers, 7c Ib ;
culls and brands, 6c fl tb; medium, 6c: culls and
brands, sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cow
h'des, 6@5y 2 c; culls and brands, 4@4y c; "salted
Kip. 5c t* Ib: salted Calf, 8c 1» lb; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7@7V 2 c;
dryKipand Veal, 9c: culls, 6y @7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer." 25@30c; medium, 15(&
25c; winter, 10c; >heepskins, shearlings, 10®
15c each; short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@50c each; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 cless.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3y 2 @4c; Xo. 2, 3c;
refined, BV-jfaiS^c: Grease. 2y c V Ib. - 4
WOOL— a few lots of new ciip from the San Joa
quln are coming in, bnt not in sufficient quantities
to quote. Quotations will probably be established
next week. We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9(5.11c IS tti ; san Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c: Nevada. 9c 9 Ib. - .• '
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@sc tb. Bhtp
ment of 228,111 lbs to London. The market is still
dull, and it is almost impossible to make sales over
2y c. ;...
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bac;s, June-July delivery,
f4 12y 25; San Quentin. «4 20: Wool Bags,
24®26c. : ' :S:J;-. • .
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 H ton: New
Wollingion. $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 60 'i*
ion: Senttle, ?si'ais 50; Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
Si 50; Wallsend, 60; f-coteli, $7 60: Hrvmbo.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 SOin bulk nnd $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egir, $13; Welsli Au
thracite- Egg, : Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and l'leasaut Valley, .$7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $li' 50 9 ton in racks.
CANNED FRUlT— Apricots are quotable at $1
@1 05*dO7.en: Peaches, $1 10@l 30: Pears, $1 26
(g-1 35 1* dozen; White Cherries, $2 25; Black
Cherries, $1 76; Plums, $1.
CANNED VKiiKTABI.KS— 80c %*
dozen: Peas, 95c@$l 06 f» dozen.
COFFEE— \Ce quote:
Costa rtiCA—l9@2oy 2 c for good to prime: 18 14
@18S-ic for good niixi-d with black beans; 17@lt)c
uom. for fair: 14@16 l /2>" for common to ordinary, j
Nai.vahor— l7V4@lßyacfor t'uirto good washed: j
19V2<S»-0c forß(«j<l washed peaberry. 16%@17V4c
for superior unwashed; 1604,0 for good green uu
washcd: 19@19 l «c for eood unwashed peaberrv. |
Guatkmala and Mexican— 2o@2o3;c lb for I
prime to strictly prime washed: 19(319^4e for
good to strictly good washed: i7V2W'lH*4c for fair
washed: 16©17 c for medium; l4(o.lBi/2 c tor
ordinarj-; 12@14c for inferior to common; 20y 2 (gi
21c for good 10 prime washed peaberry; 19@19VaC
for good uiiwnshed peaberry.
■ FI-«ll— Pacitic Coil, catch of 1895: 100- tb cases
quotable at 6c Ib; 50-!t> bundles, 6c "f, tb; Silver 1
King strips. 8c f, Ib: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c^lb;
Tablets, Be%». Ib; Seabright Blocks. 7V 3 c: Pacific
Herring, 18c ■ %i box; Dutch do. $l(ffil "-J5 ~f> keg:
White Fish, «1 50 in balf-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongues a d Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 8, *24: half-bbls— No. 1,
$12; No. 2. $10 50; No. 3, $9 50; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2, 81 60: No. 3, $1 50 . ,
QUICKSILVER— S4J # flask, t
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 90c %4 gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c; do raw, 48c; cases. 5c
more; Lard' Oil. extra winter-strained, bbls, 61c:
No. 1, 51c; cases Oc higher; China Nut,'39@47c $
gal.
PETROLEUM— Is quotable at 24y c^
gal ; Eocene, 2iy c ~<fi gal: lleadli ht, 175°, cases,
2iy a c; Star, 19y->c: •xtrastar, in cases. 23y 2 c;
As'.ral. 19y 2 c; Pearl, 19y 2 c: .Standard, 110° fire
test, 17Vijc # gal in cases, 18c faucets and 13y 3 c
In bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk, 14V2 C ; Mm
I eral Seal, hulk, 19c; wood bbls, aiijsc: cases, 24c
|l gal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls,
221 AC: cases. 26c 1H gal.
GASOLINE, ETC. — 63* Bonzlne, bulk, 16c;
cases, 21c; 74° Gaxolme, bulk, 16c; cases, 21c; 87°
Gasoline, bulk, 23c; cases, 28c f4 gal. . •
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6y cl* Ib. . "
RED LEA D-Quotabl" at 6y 3 e # tb. .
TURPENTINE-47C H gal.'
CANDLES— Granite Cundles, 6s, 16 or., 10i/4c;
do, 14 oz, 9yjc; do. 12 oz. 83ic; do, 10 oz, BVic;
Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz, B%c; do, 14 oz,
8c; do, 12 oz, 7 2C: do, 10 oz, 6*/ic: 1 arafline Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, 14 oz, 9 /i.c;
assorted colors, same sizes, lOVic.
LE ER-Extra heavy So'.e. 27@28c for No. 1
and 25@26c for No. 2; heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and
25c for No. 2: medium Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c
for No. 2; light Sole, 25c for No. 1 and 21@23 tjl Ib
for No. 2. -■■■■*> ." •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Keflnery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crusned, all 6c; Dry Granulated; 8 c;
Confectioners' A. 6Vic: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C,4s^c: Golden C, 4Va: half-barrels, ..Vic more
than barrels, and boxes /2 C more.
SYRUP-Goiaen, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
gal. . _____•
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds are quoted at previous prices. Whoie
snle rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V 2 c: second quality,
4V 2 @sc: third do, @-lc ij* Ib.
VEal— s@6c: small, 6@7c ?» Ib.
■i M UTTON- Wethers, 6@)6V2c; Ewes, . 6y a @Bc
¥ tb. '■ " ■■' ."■■•'' :■■■''■■■
LaMß— Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 70 "$ tb. . ■ '
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vic - for large and 4Vi@
43/sC for small; dressed do, 6@t;i/ic '$ tb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 10c each; Bedwood, «5 ® cord ; Oak,
rough. $6 50; peeled, $9: Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties, 35c apiece for 6xß. 41c for ' 7xß and 45@50c
7x9c. - .
TANBARK— sl4%»cord. . ,
: Retail prices for Pine are: No. '1- rough, $13@
$17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2. $11: No.
Flooring. $21(%26; Lath, $2; Redwood. *16 for
No. 1 and .9l3 for No. 2; Rustic. 818@23; Shingles,
common, $1 50; Shakes, $9 %i M.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR. 24 HOCKS.
rionr. ar. sks. 6.580i8r»". »lea ....... . 1,772
Wheat, ctls 108,160 Mlddlingi. 5ka..... 934
Barley, ct1a........ 10,495 H«r. t0n*.:........ 240
Oats, ctls ...; 600 Wine, gals. 36,100
Corn, ctls.. 1 Butter, ctls 107
Nebraska SOOCheese. ct15........ 13
Beans, ska.. I,43s'Kggs. dois ......... 8,220
Potatoas.sk*. 3.877 Flaxseed.sks 460
Oregon ;..... - 379 Tallow, ct15........ 10
Onions, 51u........ 160 Lime, bb15......... 231
THE STOCK MARKET.
The C'omstocks were weak yesterday, and the
best prices were somewhat lower than tbose of the
preceding day, though 'the decline was insignifi
cant. . '; : - •;■•.••:■• • ■•'• ",".,"•;■ S. ■' ■' C' : 'J:
On the Stock and Bond Exchange San Francisco
Gas rose to *84V», but fell back to f81i4@81»/i- '
t-esr. Belcher is assessed 10c, Bullion Con. Gold
of Grass Valley 20c, delinquent April 13. ; : :.-. ■
The Bulwer * Con. assessment falls delinquent in
office to-day, and the Julia j Con. delinquent sale
takes place also. - :\ \ .. .; .
■": The following- local corporations » will ■ pay
monthly dividends on March 16: San lrancisio
Gas 35c, Kdison I Light and Power 6«2/3C, •I'aclflc
Telegraph and Telephone - 30c, Minaet Telephone
and Teleuraph 20c and Oakland Gas 26c per share.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the Ha
waiian Commercial and Sugar Company ! has been
called for April 1, ■at which a proposition will be
acted upon lo create a new bonded indebtedness
of $7fi0.000. The present bonded indebtedness is
9900,000 and matures on April 1. lOn that date
$150,000 of that indebtedness, should ' the stock
holders approve, will be retired by a cash payment
and the rest of tha i ndebtedness will |be canceled
by : the , exchange of ' the ; proposed new Issue of
bonds. 's •■.-■-■■ : ■;-■-, ■,;/, :"• ■■■■.■•-••-: ;/ '-■:,:
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Halt | A Norcross Mining j Company , will be ho d
to-day, and both the old management and the op
position are equally confident of victory.
-,' Assessment* Fending.^ . . - ,„'.
Following Is a list of assessments now pen4tn*:;:
Company.
Union C0n.:...:..:..
Crown Point. 1 ;. *..;...
Lady, Washington...
Julia C0n.:....;./..
Silver King.;.;.....
'Andes.-;..............
Sierra' Nevada ; . . .
■ Bnlwer C0n;..'.V... .
Belcher ... ....;.-....
Con. Cal. A Va ;:..: .
Eodle Con.'r;:;.^;.-..
±1
. • v ~'
. '66
.11
, ' 27!
13
. - 11
110
. Xi
. 62
. '-j.6
. ';, 19
» Febl4i. March 17
.Keb 161. March 12
! .Kebl6 March 10
.Febl7. March 11
.Feb 28. April 6
.Men li. March 28
.Mch oi. March 27
I.Mch 7i. April 3
.Apr Si. April 28
.Apr 4. April SB
.Apr 7. May 4
SaLe Day.
J.AptlOj
, BOARD SALES. '
, FoHowlnswere the ; saie* In the San Francisco
BtocK Board yesterday; ;
tP(,'!'i«K KOSVi>|ri M<nroy cnM>iT\-"!>c> 9 : 30.
800 A1ta.;.:...i8i300CC*V.;..1.65 300 Occld :..'.. 93
100 Ande5.... 261200 (J P0int. ...34 200 ODhlr... 1.25
500 8e1cner...23 100 Exchqr....(>s Overmn...ls
7M) 80d1e.:...21 800 <fc 33100 Savaite....33
800 Biilllou....l]!lOO H&N....1.30.250 S Nev.....64
200 Ca1eda....10200 Justice. :..ll 100 «5
100 Cnallus;e..3d2oo Mexican. .»5 100 Union C...86
100......:..;;.3J2000ccid.....81100 .67
400 Ch011ar....47 300 ........... 100 V Jack 1...35
100 „.... .....481 i
. . A*TIfRJfOON' MCSSIOW— 't\Vl. -.
500 A1ta........16100 Ch011ar... 46 200 Potou 42
100 ..... ■.:....•. 17i<!00 ......... 47 100 Savage.. ..3l
100 8e1cher... 21J550 CC<kV...1.«5200 ...... ;....32
800 80die.....21 100 U P0int... 3^300 8 Xcv 64
160 ............20150 Mexican. .s4i2of) Vni0n....5«
350 Bullion..- 11 2)0 0ccidt1....96i300 Utah. .....09
400 8u1wer....2:: 0Dhir...1.20!200 V Jackt..3s
100 .......:.. 221200 Ovrmn...
Followini; were tne aaiea in tba Paclllo StooX
Board jesierday :
\ , .V '" BKonr,\n d»«<iTr»v— Tvo.
1100 A1pha.. .14200 C0nH......88|200 0cc1d. ....99
600 Alta 17U00 ............851200...... 98
200 ....:.... 18200 C1mp..:..01 400 ......97
200 Andes-.. 29^00 02300 ; ...94,
100 ...... .....2fc 300 Crown Pt.34i600 93
400 Belcher.. 200 Exchor.. .U.'-iaOu Ophiri.2:2Va
400 8di8. ..... 69400 U * C....321GH .......;...l.'^o
400 ........ 08:200 HA:N...1.3.V7000vrmn....1!>
BUO Isodle 2112U0 ....... .1.32Va tjOO l'<> 05i.'....43
300 Bullion... 12 000 1.3U4U0 5avaee.....34
1200 Buhver..24 lt;00 1.25ta0U Scorpion..o4
2000 2S^OO ..... 1.208C0 11 M...06
600 Ca!e<Jn ; 500 Julia 05700 S Nev....63
300 dialing;.. .HSliJOO Justice.. ..lo 1000 ail Hi 11. .02
C1i0nar.... 49300 Kentuck..of.6Uo Union C...56
200 M 47 200 L Wash....ot> Utah. 10
600 ......... 45300 Mexican.. ss 400 V JacKet..36
600 CUt V.1.66500 Occidtl.. I.oo'
AFTF-RNOON BKSSInS'- 1 :VJ.
200 AiDha 13300 CC&V...1%600 Ophirl.22i/a
400 Alta 17> 50 Confi 85400 1.20
700 IB 200 C 1'01nt...33 200 0vrmn....15
100 Andes 27 400G&C SI 200 Potosi 42
100 8e1cner....22u50 1I&N 1.2-Vfc3»o 41
200 2liloo 1.17 1.1500 SB«fc M...05
200 B <fc B 67800 1.16600 .....04
200 Bodie 20 200 Mexican.. ob 300 3 Nev....63
400 Bullion ...12300 f>4400 62
300 8u1wer...24 400 Mono 09 200 Union 56
200 C'hollar....4.V3ooOcc!dll.. .97300 V Jacket.. 35
200 46200 96300 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March 10-4 P.»f.
A^.' : . : 5,U Bid. A tkftl.\ ■ Bid.Aiktd.
•AfpnaCon 12 ISJJsckson........ 40 -
Alia 15 16 Julia. .;.. — 06
Andes .....U 26 'il Justice.. — 12
Belcher ...... 30 • 22bentucn. ...... 04 05
Best A Belcnee. 66 68 Lady Wasa.... — U6
BmionUou.... — -30 Mexican 53 64
80d1e.... 20 2l!Mayflower.... — 1.60
Bullion ....... 10 Mono ....10 —
8u1wer........ — 24'Mt. Diablo IS —
Caledonia 08 09 Nevada vineeo. — 05
Challenge Con. 30 3J Occidental 93 95
Chollar.. .... 45 46 Ophir 1.20 1.25
Con. Cal. <fcVa. 1.60 I.6sOverman — ■ 16
Cou. Imperuu. — 02.P0t05i... 40 42
Confidenco 85' — ibavasre .30 32
Con.New v- 04lteg. Belcher... 03 05
Crown Point,... 32 33 H*rra Nevail*. 64 64
Kasisierra.Na» — OllScorpion — 03
Exchequer..... 04 05 ! H1U..... — 02
Eureka Con ' — 25 Syndicate. ...^ 02 'i —
CioulU <t Curry. 31 . 32L'monCon 65 66
liale<sc JNorcM.l.ls 1.20 Utah.. 08 10
10w*. .......... — 04 Vtllow jacket 34 35
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 10-2 p. n.
TNITKI) BTATKB BONUS.
Klr>. Aiktd. Bid. Atked.
0 S4seonp..HßVa — U 4s reg...lOßy — :,
Do. new 15... 117 117%
WWiKUUnOffl RONDV
Cal-M,Cble6s.Uoy — IDo. 2d las Bs. — —
CalElecL6s.lO6 — - P&ORy6s.los 120
I'ntraCWßi — 99 P<£ChKv6s. — 106
Upnt-»tex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.Rft6*. — 116V 2
1-dsnL.ftl' 65.109 — Reno. WL<fcL — 105
F&CHRR6S.IO3 105 KlverW Co6s — 100
liearv-stK&s.lO.) 105 1.-actoP <fc L. . 100 102%
LoaAneli6s. — 101 [BFANPRRSsIOI 102'
Do.Gnted.Ua. — 102y a bPRRArIz6s — 06
Mkt-stCble6sl23 , - SPRRCaI6s..IO7Va —
DoßyConss..lot>Vin7y a 'sPßßCal:>s> — 97y a
NevCNgß7*. 99y a IOO IBPBrßCaias. 96V a —
N PCKK6s.lorfi/4 - SVWatera*.. — 120V 2
NRyCal6s. — 105 bVWater4s.. 99y a 99»
Ry Cal ss. — 105 StktnG&Eßi — 103
Uak«:as 5i..103'/ 105 SunstT«fcT6s. 100 —
Do. 2d iss 55.103 V - Butter-stßss. 110 —
Omnibuses.. — 12iy ! VisaiiaWC-tfs — yj
Pucltolliltis.. — — I
' * . . WATKK STOCKI.
Contra Costa 40 — | San Jose — »5
MartnCo 4» — jsprinsValley 99 99y a
GAS STOCKS.
Capital — 40 1 Pacific Lt<M. 4BVa 46y 2
Central.;. .. 95 — ISanFrancsco BiVl Biya
OakGL&H. 51 Vi Rl /i ! Stockton. . ... — zi^g
I'acUasiaip. 81 83 |
IXBOKANCE STOCKS. ,•
FiremansFd.l6s — Jbun , 40 —
COMMERCIAL BANK «TO"X«. .'
Amcrß&TC. — — ILondonPAA.l3o —
Anglo-Cal... BSI4 — London&SF. — 27%
Bank Cal.. — iMerch Kx-.. li — .■■-
CaISDATCa. '67 •58 Nevada.:.... — . —-
FirstNatlom.l7B 182 y 2 bather BCo. — ' —
liraugers.... . — —I
■ \ >"! SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GerS*LCO..l*2O — Sav&Loan.. — 102Va
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security.... ..? 46 266
Mutual.....; - 41 . Union Trust. Bos —
bFSavUnion — 482 Vi •'. •
STBF.KT RAILROAD «>TOCK*,
California.. ..lo7i/ — Oak.SLJfcHay — 100
Ueary-st 60 77^>resiQio..-. 4V» ; —
Market-5t.... 461/8 46y a Sutter-5U.... — ■ — :
rUW I— ST'KK-l. ■ ■ ■
Atlantic D... 15 16 Jud50n....... — —
California.... — 9n Vigont. — -Jlyvi
Gianu 16 IP '
• MITKLUVFori PTOTXI
Alaska P)cn». 92y a 9Sy a OceanlcSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 iPacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMiils.. — — iPac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — . PacldfcNCo. — SO
Kdlson Light. 8834101 jl'ac Roll Mill 29U, 4'J>/a !
(iasConAssu. — — ' [PnrfPalntCo. ti^ 8 7Vj
Ger Lead <o. 85 — IPacTransOo. — . 24
HawC&SCo.. 17 IBV2 PacTA'rco 60 —
HutchSPCo.. 17»4 17%SunsetT<fcT.. 41 —
JndsonMfgO. — — United — U5
MerKxAssulOO 110 I • ;
' MORS'IN'O «KM[IIN-.
Poard— so. Hawaiian Commercial. 18S/ 8 : 50 do,
18y 8 t 60 do. 18V4: 5S V Water, 98y : 25 Hntch
lngon I'lo. 18: 5 do, 18y 8 : 4.1 Market-st Rail
way, 46Vi: 100 S X Gasllßlit, 84: 200 do, 841/4:
45<io, 84%;.200d0,838/i: $500U « V 4% Bonds,
99%- "
>ireet-60 Market-st Railway, '46l,4: 60 S V
Water. 99; *1000 S V 4% Bonds. 995-i; if 3000 S V
6X Bonds, II8V2; f 2000 do, 11934- '
/ AFTKRNOON KE9SIO*.
Bonds— 6o Hutchlnson a P Co." 173/ i: 100 SF
Gaslizht, 8*; 100 do, 8H: 200 do. 82; 50 do, 81 y 2 ;
fisooo 8 V t% Bonds, 99%; f 2000 Si'iKP Kail
way Bonds, 101 y a .
Hard to Swallow.
At a mess dinner the conversation
turned on animal training.
"Ah!" said Major Minks. "I remember
when I was at Bogglnywaliah I tamed an
oy«ter. He used to follow me all over the
house like a dog. The Kitnuiphars used
to bring him to dessert, like a child, and he
would sit on the table at my side with his
shell open and crack filberts— most affec
tionate little creature."
"Have you got Him still?" asked a
doubting auditor.
"No, sir; he came to an untimely end.
A friend of mine came into the dining
room in my absence, saw the oyster with
his shell open and swallowed him. I shall
never have another such pet!" exclaimed
the major with a sigh.
"No doubt your friend swallowed the
oyster," said the president, "but I'm
afraid we can't swallow the story." — Spare
Moments.
The German Empress is said to have
worn a robe with a train six yards long on
the occasion of the Emperor's birthday.
It was of the finest Lyons silk, the mate
rial alone being wortSi £300, while the em
broidery in the working occupied twelve
persons for at least two months.
THE CALX CALENDAR.
\V.
Fr.
6
Sa.
7
/^vLast
9
10
4SSk New Moon.
PS/ March 14
18
19
First Qua
Vi* March
1 24
SI
®J3?.
■& Ma
STEAMERS TO AKRIVE.
Umatilla ....... I Victoria * Pu«et Sounu
Btate of Ca1 . . ;. . I Portland ; . . .'.;. .": ;.' v. . ...
C0r0na....;. 7... San Diego. ...... ..:....'
Alameda. Sydney...;.. 1 .;.;'.;.,....
Kan Benito lacoma ............
South C0a»t..... Portland ;;... .•...-.
I'oniona. ."■.....- riumboldt 8ar....
Crescent City... {crescent . cut- ...... ....
Eureka.. ':..-'.. , Newp0rt:............:..'.
City of Sydney. I Panama .r.......
JTara110n. ....... Yaautna iJay...... ......
a real ■ ......'... Coos Bay ................
Wellington...... Departure 8ay...'...:..:
Weeotur:....... Eet K1ver.......;......;.
Empire. ...:. .";;. '■ Portland '.:".'. .'. .:...: . . :■
Del N0rte....... jliravs Harbor
City or I'ueDia. . | Victoria & ±"ueet Sound
Queen .V. ........ | P0rt1and . : . . . .* . : ... .\ ;:r.
Anuro ..;..;.. Coo« 8ay....;..-........:
Mackinaw ...'..". oma .........:......:
Banta K05a... ... Pan i)iego.. .:.... .;..'.;.:
Del Norter...... Grays HarDor;.....-.;..^
North fore Humboidtßay
5un01. ........... Grays Harb0r.:........;
. BtjPaui;.,' ...... Newp0rt. .......... ......
Peru ........ China and Japan........
..Mclill
. Mchll
..Melt 12
..Mchia
..Mchl2
..Mchia
..Mch 13
..Men 14
..Mchl*
..Mch 14
..Meh 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 15
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Men 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 17
..Mch 18
..Met! 18
OCJiAN STKAMJEKS.
Dntt>« o f I>«parture * rom San ' r r»nrl«ro.
BTKAM-'-K. ; I -riVATIIK |
H\n.-t.
j PIER.
H0mer...... Coos 8ay...... !Mchll. r >i>n Oceanic
Weeott.:.... Eel River..... Mchll. Ham Pier 13
*.r»«o ...... ; Coos nay...... Mchll.lUAM Pier l.i
«t p»m.....: ; New Dors ...... 'Mchl-J. 9am Pi or 11
Coos 8ay.... : Mexic0........ Mchl2,loAM Pjprll
Corona : fan Dteea..... Mch 14,11 am Pierll
Ftaieof Cai ; Portland..:...: Mchl4.loAM Pipr'2l
China..;...:. China <6 - Japn Mcbl4, 3pm PM 8 S
Pomona.:... j Hunibolflcßav Mcnl4. 'Jhji Pier 9
Dmadlla.... ! Vie it Pzt Me hi 5. am Pier
Jaraiion.... ! aaulna Bay.. Mebl6,loAM Pier ' 2
Eureka...., Newoon ...... Richie. Vau Pier 11
: Eanta Koxa.. ' w an D1ee0..,..- MchlK.llAU Pier 11
Queen.....;. ( Portland :.. MchlH.lUAii Pier 24
Del None .. HravsllarDor. MchlH...
City Sydney Panama... Men) 8,11! Ml' Mss
S>l'>", 3IOOX AM> XII>K.
V. S.. Coast and Gkodktic Sdrvkv Tide")
EULLKTIV PfKr.ISIIKI) BY OFFICIAL f-
AI'THORITYOF THE SfPKltf XTK.V J
Wednesday, March 11.
Sun rises 6.25 Moon rises 5.03 am
Sun seta 6.15, Moon sets
Mhicli- 1896.
* Tlmp Feet: Ti^ Feet Tit1 ' p BRll*"i». Feet
sh w; lii AVJ .i,>V . ii W
LI: 4.00 1*. 3 £.41 5.01 4.221— «.« 1 .10 4.7
12 4.40 l.fc 10.351 5.0 4. 52 -0.3111. 40! 4.7
LSI 5.18 1.4 11. 48 5.^9 0.1 •:....
II \V Fee iI. W F.et H W Feet' I, W Feet
14 0.02 4.7 5.52 1.1112,04 4."> 5.55 0 5
15 0.2 j 4.7: 6.28; 0.8 12.40 4.2 ,6.19 o.i»
16' 11.40 4.7 ! 6.54 0..V 1.15 4.0 6.45 1.3
17 i 0.57 ! 4.8 7.H0 0.3| 2.051 3.7 7.11 1.7
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides th<>
early morning tides are given in the lett hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives (he last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by < he charts
HI'DKOGBAI'HIC BULLETIN.
Branch HTrROORAPHTcOFFicn, U. S. N. |)
Mkbchants' Exchanok. >
: San Francisco. March 10, 189*. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Rill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon .of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich lime.
A. F. Fkchtki-kk,
Lientennnt U. S. N.. In chantß.
SHIPJ'IN'U LNTKLLIIiKNOK.
ArrlTPrt.
TUESDAY, March 10.
> Stmr Homer, Drisko. 40 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse. to J I) Spreckels & Bros Co.
- Stmr Geo Loomis. Brida:eu. 40 hours trom Ven
tura: oil, to Union Oil Co. Up rivprdirect.
Stmr St Paul, Duirean, 70 nours fm NYwport, eic;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins «fc Co.
■ Stmr Scotin, Johnson, 21 hours from Roc^port;
23* M ftlumber. to J X Hantfy.
.stmr Progreso, Anderson, 4 days from Seattle;
2500 ions "coal, to.P B Cornwall.
Bktn Ara«o. Remmers, 7 days from Wlllipa Har
bor: lumber, io Simpson Lumher Co,
Schr Pioneer, Sprague, 6 days from Grays Har
bor; M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Seven Sisters, .Steinboru. 96 hours from
Bo wens sanding: r r ties, to I E Thayer. Oakland
direct. - *■ " .
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 8 days from Portland;
lumber, to WA I) wight. ', v ;i
Cienrft.
TUESDAY. March 10.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Kureka; Goodall, Perkins
& Co. ' .
Br ship Eulomene, Cross, Liverpool; Geo W Me-
Near.
Br ship Sierra Pedroaa, Starkey, Antwerp; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
* Sailcl.
TUESDAY, March 10.
Whal stmr Narwhal, whaling.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, Kureka.
U s fitrnr Monterey, Ludlow, Port Orford.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego, etc
Simr North Fork, ilansen. Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwiek, Eureka.
Brship Dninlon.'ilil, Girvan. Hull.
Ship Hoanoke, Hamilton, Honolulu.
Ital bark Casaboua. Cuneo, Leith.
Bark Gatherer, Nervick, Prince William Sound.
. Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, Hl!o. .
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Eureka.
1 c : e^raphio.
POINT! I.obos— March 10-10 p v— Weathar
hazy; wind E; veloc.iy 8 inues.
-:• -,-.".*• ■; '"' ■'• -.CliHr;er «., i^  v., .": r -•('■■ •■■
The Br. ship Buteshire is chartered for wheat
or Darley toKuropeat 2'2s 6d— ls 3d less direct.
• The bark Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hiio;
schr Jennie Wand, milse for Kahulul: schr Twi
light, mdse for Unga island, AlasKa.
•" ' Spoken.
Dec 9— Lat 8 S, lonK 125 W, Brbark Sardhana,
from Victoria, for London.
Jan 27— Lnt 8 s, long 29 W, Br bark Doon, from
Liverpool, for Honolulu.
Feb 2— Lat 21 S, Ion? 29 W, Br ship Thomas
Steveus, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports."
• POINT REYES— Passed Mar 10— Stmr Jewel,
from Caspar, for Newport. '•
FORT KOSS— Arrived Mar 19— Schr Etta B, hnc
Mar 8.
■ SAN PEDRO— Sailed Mar 9— Schr Premier, for
Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed M.ir 10— Ship Columbia, hnc
Mar 1, for Departure. Bay.
BOWKKB LANDlNG— Arrived Mar 10— Schr
Monterey, hence Mar 9.
Sailed Mar 10— Schr Newark, for San Francisco.
KOOKPOKT— SaiIed Mar 9— filuir Scotia, for San
Francisco.
"EUREKA— SaiIed Mar 10— Schr Occidental,- for
Ban Francisco: schr J Q Wall, for San Francisco;
schr Fortuna, for San Francisco; stnir Tillamook.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Mar 10— Schr Bender
Brothers, hence Mar 7. ■
TACOMA— Mar 10— Schr J M Colman. for
San Francisco. — .. -
POKT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 10— Schr Joseph i
Russ, from San Diego.
PORTBLAKELKY — Arrived Mar 10— Bktn Wil
lie R Hume, hence Feb 26. -
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Mar 10— Bark
Enoch Talbot, from San Pedro, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 10-£chr Mary E Russ,
hence Feb 29.
: Sailed Mar 10— Bark Aureola, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 10— btmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived Mar 9— Schr Bessie X, hence
Mar 7.
Sailed Mar 9— Schr Archie and Fontie, for San
Francisco. Mar 10— Schr Bessie X, for San Frau
cisco. . " -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 10-Schrs Chas
Hanson, C T Hill and Webfoot. for San Francisco.
B Arrived Mar 10— schr O M Kellogg, hence Feb
27 : schrs James A Garfield and .Daisy .Roue, hence
Marl. '■■ ■ ■ ■•■••■■ ...,.',
: HUENEME— SaiIed Mar 10— Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
PORXTOWNSEND— Arrived Mnr 10— Bktn Re
triever, hence Feb 28: schr Prosper, hence Feb 26.
Foreign Ports.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar B— Br ship Hilston,
hence Sept 27: Brbark Vortigern, from Tacoma.
Sailed Mar 9— Brship Drummuir. for Antwerp.
- LONDON— Arrived Mar 9— Br bark Castor, hue
Oci 19. : ■ ' "-'-■•■••■:
- LElTH— Arrived Mar B— Br bark Pass of Leny,
from Portland.
COLON— Mar Stmr Advance, from
New York. ■
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Mar 9— Br ship Pegasus
for Newcastle. • v
I KJNsALli— Passsd Mar 9— Brship Lismore, hnc
Oct 27, for Queenstown: Br ship Earl' ol Zetland, j
from Portland, for Queensiown.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steameri.
--• NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 10— Stmr : Spree, for
- G IBRALTAR— Arrived out Mar , 10— Stmr
' ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Mar 9— Stmr
ANTWERP— out Mar 9— Stmr South
wark.'
! mportatl on«.
EMPIRE CITY— Per Homer— Bo Mft lumber, 2
P Marshtteld-290 tons coal. 60 sks potatoes. 2 bis
woolens, 17 tubs butter, 131 pkgs mdse, les lamp
chimneys, 40 bxs apples. ,":; ; i; ..
NEW PORT -Per St Paul— bxs oranges, 46
bxs lemons, 87 sks peanuts. 8 bxs mandarins. \ a
sks dried apples, 1 lot household urntiure, 2 crates
hoxs. 1 coop chickens. 4 sks nuts. _
; ; Monterey— bxs butter, 6cs cheese, 3 sks aba
lones, lbx dry goods. _'. 
i San Slmeon-13 tubs 77 bxs butter, 5 csegß3. 2
coops chickens. : 1 sk turtles. 19 dressed calves. 1
sk abalones. 7 bxs fish. . -
Arroyo Orande-9 cs eggs, 1 bx butter.
■ Nipoma— 4Bo sks beans, 17 sks dried apples, 1
bx butter. _ 
Sania Maria— l 6 bxs butter. 7cs eggs, 2 colls
rone, 2cs twine, Ics noots and shoes. • ■
Port Harford— 34 bxs fish, 28 sks dried fruit, 15
CSeggS. ■'■■" '■:■'' '■ ' "•' ' ■" : ''■ ■
Los Alamos— l hx butter.
Cayucos— b.xs butter. 10 cs eggs, 1 coop chiclt
ens, 6 flasks quicksilver, 51 dressed calves.
San Pedro— '-' cs sardines, 3945 sks barley.
f , Gavlota— 3 hand trucks, 6 bxs butter, 29 sks
crawfish. ,„ . ,
San Luis Oblspo-ll bxs butter, 12 cs eegs. 4 sks
spices. 1 pkg mdse. 50 sks beans, 1 bbl salmon, 9
dressed calves, 3 cks porter.. . „ - "
Ventura— 2ll sks beans, 1 cs chill peppers. 1 ox
snoes, 1 drum cheese. 3 bdls mats. 1 bx butter, 16
«* eggs, 97. bxs lemons, 382 : bxs oranges, ; 2 ; bxs
figs. •• '- - ■;- ■'■' ■ ■'■ •••■-• - '■ -■-'. - ■ '*■ "•■
•' Los Angeles via San Pedro— 3 cs mdse, 9 bxs
oranges. t« •' . . ' > ' • >
■■■- Santa Barbara-1 cs dry goods, 2 bxs tobacco, 34
bxs lemons. 1 keg ollvei. ■ -j ; '.
- Carpenteria-370 sks flax.
'-■'■- : ■ ■. '.'.',.._. : ] . : Consignee*. ; ', :- '■ ; .-;.
- Per Homer— J D Spreckeis A Bros Co: Enterprise
Brewery: McDonough <fc Runyon; Standard Co:
Hilmer, Bredhoff Schulz: Wellman, Peck &K.i. -.
Bandon Woolen-mills: *-" C E Whitnev <fc Co: -r Bay
City Soda Water Co : W C Price <fe Co: F A Cornell ;
Simpson Lumber Co: P A Buell A Co. '
Per 8t Paul-Brlgham, Hoppe A Co: F B Ilalghf.
BG RuW&Co: Mitchell: CE Whitney & Co:
Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: L Myer
stein; Hilmer, Bredhoff «t Schulz; Jlilis Bros: H H
j SatUer & Co; •Se Bernardi 4 Co; Qetz Bros A Co ;
Western Meat Co: Wood. Curtl3 Co: Del Monte
Milling Co: M T Freitas & Co; I-evi Spiegel & Co:
Allen &l*ivls: A Wyss: J X Arnisby «fe Co: V A.
Parkin: O B Smith Co: /Wheaton, Brton &( o:
Milanl A Co; C Carpy * Co:. Jloftman. Fleishman
<fe Co: Jacob Unnii; Braver. OrassiioiT & < o; O B
Starr- Gray * Barbieri; American Union Fish C o:
Kowalskv & Co; G Camillonl »fe Co: S Levy <fe Co;
]. Scaten'a <t Co- J Ivancovlch <ft Co: P Gusmanl;
■\Vetmore Bros: II I'utarcl j W C Price A Co: Frank
Bates: Smith's Cash Store: Wltzel <fc Baker: Union
Brewm- Co: CC Pennell A Co: Baker it Hnmilton :
GoodiUl, Perkins ft Co: Wellman, Peck A Co: JA
FoUerACo; J Hoffman: Pacific Coast Ush Co: J
C Bauer * Co: ' McDonald «fe Co; A Palaimi: Vl>
Virgillp: Cahn, Nlckelsonrg <ft Co; A Gerberding A
Co; Wirl-'ud Bre-viriir Co: H Meckmaii* Co: J De
martlni: Marshall, Tegsfart * Co; J Sf-tnveitz r: O
Ninmiann; H N Til'len & Co: . h Feldman Co;
Chas Montgomery A Co; American Tobacco Co: C.
M Itichter: ]•: H Stevens it Co; Kraker Mfa Co: A
Levy ,t Co: J H Cain & Co; C Doychert; CaUaneo
<fe Co.
For Late. Shipping IntrWyenct See ■ fiftmnth JPn<j'._
AUCTION SALES.
FIRE lIYIWnirPITI^I^' SAL :.
nhh L'ADLhiiuliiii^ oALa.
Jeremiah Noonau'B .Stock of Goods Ke-
moved to 7T:» Market Street,
Xear Fourth.
On WEDNESDAY, the 11th anl THURSDAY
the _'th days <>t Mur«h, lS9t). al ll o'cioofc a. m.,
we will commp:ic?* tr-; immense s^le, with about
50 liarr ou-tits MX) kanges -ami Stovw, new
airi Bi'coi!d--iHiid. Balance of the salvage slock
will be sold from day to day as quickly as it can be
r-moved, which will bu a'iverti.se"i In the mormuit
pain'rs.
On account of the damage done by the fire to
Noonan's store it has Ix-en found insecure. We
have for this reason received orders from the Pa-
citlc Coast Fire Underwriters to remove the eoods
to 773 Market st., and there for their account sell
to the highest bidder the Batvagt of abon $40,000
worth of Furniture, Carpets, Ranges, Bedding and
goods too numerous to describe. I
Jmliana Auction Co., r.Mt >utt«»r. It. I-!.
B. M. I'.IKDSALL. Propr.
H. .1. LF.nTiTOTiTZ. AtictioneiT.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
SPlx-art Class $8.00
Second. Clasa . -dSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PEKIUNSi CO..
Geueral Agents.
O. IE?.. _dS3 IST.
ASTORIA AILPOETLAND. .
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15......... March 9 and 19
biaieof California sails ....'March 14 and 24
From Spear-st. WhurfJPler "J4) at 10 a. it.
GOODALL, PERKIXS * CO., Geril. Supts.
F. F. COX>OR, Oeneral Aijent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPLY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM AgL-
O Broadway wharf, .San Francisco, as 'ffeMC
lollows:
For Mary Island, l-orln<, 'A'ransel. Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), ai a a. m., March 15, 'SQ,
April 14. '2!'. ..
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C>, Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes andXevr
Whatcom (Bellin«ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
March 5. 10. If), -0, '_'■>. 80. and every fifth
day tnereafter. connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., at. Tucoiua with N. P. R, R.,
I at Seattle with G. N. Ry., al Por; Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 v. m., Mnrcn -J, 6. 10,
14. IS. 'J., 26, 3D, and every fourth day thereafter.
ForSant» Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cav-uco*,
Port Harford (San Lnia Obispo), Gaviota, sair.a ■ •* ...
Barbara, Ventura, Jlueneni", San Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana .Sewpon, at 0 a. m.. March
4, x 1/, 16, '20, -4, -.s, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San DiegOi stoppincr only at Po:t Harfor
(San Luis Obispo), S&nta Barbara, Port Lo»
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and rw?wport, 11
a. M., March 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, '21, 2ti\SJ, and
every fourth day thereafter. . ..- J ..-:,'
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Miffatlan.'La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), stß WiUain-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each montiP •■•--;;•
Ticket oilice, Palace Hotel, 4 >*ew Jiontgomery
street. • ?»,-:. -
(JOOCALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
• 10 Market st.. Han Francisco. _
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COIPAH.
J «f*3S33' 4 **&w Cool^'ardie gold fieMs
(Freemantlel, Ausira-
jESfi^ ' Un> 4& ' llft : $'-2i) first clas-i;
«yOV'ir tiVJ' $110 steerage. I.owvs:
£B3fjfo& Bxt *^'*rj'* v ratea to Capetown,
S&J&/ T~^^l» \Vm. Australian steamer,
Hjf V» - ifflarfl&J Honolulu and Auok-
'/A y Steamship Australia,
Spkciali Pabtie3.— Reduced rates for parttei
iiarch 10 and Ann I 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Monteornerv street.
i'reiitht Office, 827 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKEL-S & BlilK CO.,
: ■ Ueneral Agents.
IW.UUIE GENERAL TR ABATLAJTIQUE .
French Line to Havre. 
COMPANY'S PIER (NK\V).42NORTH A«a
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -g^**i^r
this line avoid both transit oy Eis^lish railway ii.i J
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class. $116. ■•
LA BKKTAGNK. Capt. Rupe.....
..-. .....March 'Jl, sa,k
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf.
March 28, 10 a. st
LAKOKMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle :
April 4, sa.m
LA TOI'RAINK, Capt. Santelli:
,'.'. April 9
JBts" For further particulars apply to
"::..-: A. FORGET, Asent,
No 8 Bowling Green, Xew York.
,T. F. FUGAZI «fe CO., Agents, 5 iMontgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ' -
WHITE mR LWB.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BKTWEEX
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAlLt>'(i TiVEKY \\ XXX.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD/ACCORD- -«■
in-,- to steamer an:l accommodations nJtdSSt
selected; second cabin, $35 and K4O;- Majeinc and
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from Kngland, Ire-
land, i Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
Oeneral Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under tirand Hotel. G. \v. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
BETHERLAHDS IXERICAI STEA« MVI.
GATIOS COIPAH.
New York to Boulogne (Parl3), Rot*
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from« New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9a.m.
Ch°apest route to Europe. First cabin $45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. , Lowes: steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to ; local ticket ' agent or
THOMAS COOK <fc SON, Pacific Coast pasienger
•gents, 621 Market St.. S. F. :
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET COXPAIT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALIi /frff^
fortnightly for the West Indies and e^Suf
Southampton, '■' calling en - route at C^r'oourg_n.
France, and Plymouth to land passencer*.
- Through bills of lading, in connection with tba
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and trea»>
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
• Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. , First class, $l!t.v. third
«taaa, 497 MX For further particulars apply to
. - : FARUOTT <fc CO., Agents,
■ 306 California sb
STOCRTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P.M. I>aily, Kxcept: Sunday.
W Accommodations Reserved by TelephOM.
■..■;':.. '-y'r STKAMEK ,:,?.■■■ .,- ; ..-.
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary; Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone M»in 805. C.»i. Nay. and Impt.'Co.
fALLEJO, MARE BUI ft, *BEmiA^PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
Bte:;montickllo,
: Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo 30 a. : . M.
i .. and 4f.ii.; Saturday, 12:30 noon-
•- , ■ ■ SQnday— a r. m. • .
■; •* T. M. only. . - '
Landing, Miliioa 1* Pi«r 4,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
ESCAPED OVER HIS JAILER
A Desperate Indian Gains His
Liberty From Centerville
Prison.
HAY WARDS Y. M. I. AT WORK
Rev. Charles Wendte Resigns as
Superintendent of the Coast.
Unitarian Association.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 10. }
Manuel Pastor is an Indian residing
near Centerville. Last night he was in
custody and this morning he gained his
liberty by jumping over the, prostrate body
of his jailer.
Saturday night Pastor was in a mur
derous humor and he cut another Indian
in such a ghastly fashion that the victim
nearly bled to death. Pastor was arrested
and brought to the County Jail. Last
night he was taken to the calaboose at
Centerville to be ready for his preliminary
examination this morning. When Jailer
I'.uker went to the cell this mornintr to
jrive the Indian his breakfast the prisoner
was very ugiy. Baker tried to induce the
fellow to take the meal from him, but in
rain.
Without giving the least indication of
what he was about to do the Indian dealt
the jailer a stinging blow on the forehead,
and as he fell the prisoner jumped over
him and took to the woods. He has not
yet been found, and when Deputy District
Attorney (rreene went up to Centerville to
day there was nothing for him to do but
to return.
FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH.
Two Ladies Elected Members of the
Board of Trustees.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— The an
nual meeting of the First Unitarian Church
was held last evening, at which time two
ladies were chosen to serve on the board
of trustees for the followm,' year. The re
porta were such that a feeling prevailed
that, considering the dullness of the times,
rogress shown was very flattering.
Tiie ninth annual report of the trustees
showed that the membership of the con
gregation had held its own, but the finan
cial problem has been a difficult one.
There has been subscribed on the debt
fund $581y(5O, of which $3854 L 0 has been
paid, the balance being due on or before
June 1. This is the result of the effort
made to rair-e $9000 with which to reduce
the debt last fail when the pastor resigned.
All of the floating debt has been paid, and
in the funded debt, while there is
yet $2000 more payable on the subscrip
tioiic. The trustees also reported that on
Jane 1 the pastor would resign the super
intendency ol the American Unitarian As
sociation on the Pacific Coast, devoting nis
entire time to the church. This wiHtake
a large amount of extra work from him,
which has been making inroads on his
health.
The Sunday-school report shows there
are thirteen classes and a like number of
teachers and over 400 volumes in the li
brary. Louis C. Allen oas succeedei W.
G. Maxweil as superintendent. The re
: ;:;t Woman's Auxiliary showed
they h>J been actively at work through
{'.-.- year. That of the Stnrr King
■ nity t rougiit that society to its
•\ < ar. The Unity Club has been do
►nsideraWe literary work, besides
g the successful mock trial called
•Widow O'Grady*a Goat Case.'' The of
lirers are: H. G. Walker, president; Mrs.
Eion Warner, vice-president; Hiss Mar
guerite Warner, secretary; Fred Winter,
treasurer.
The pastor, Rev. C. W. "Wendte, In re
porting his pastoral work of the year
spoke of the increase of attendance and
deepening interest in moral and religious
affairs during that time. The Sunday
school wa3 especially prosperous and the
young people in their religious meetings,
charier work, lectures, clas-es and zeal for
the church were proving their readiness to
take up and carry forward the work of
their elders.
He tenderly referred to the dead, the
thirteen marriaees were mentioned, the
Sunday lecture courses and the public dis
cussion of Protestant and American prin
ciples in which he had borne a part until
self-respect had compelled him to drop all
controversy with an unscrupulous and dis
courteous opponent. He also referred to
the great activity displayed by the mem
bership of the church in the public and
nn?ectarian charities of the City. Their
influence, he said, was felt for culture and
charity iv Oakland's higher life. The
church stood freed from the pure doc
trinal distortions and ecclesiastical parade.
Ti>e following were elected as the new
board of trustees: Warren Olnev, G. C.
Perkins, John P. Irish, .Mrs. C. H."l<eding
ton, Francis Cutting, E. A. Kluegel, B. F.
Denham, George S. Meredith, S. P. Hall,
A. K. P. Harmon Jr.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Planning to Entertain the Delegates to
the State Convention.
HAYWAEDS, Cal., March 10.— The ex
ecutive committee having in charge the
arrangements for entertaining the annual
convention of the Young Men's Institute
held a public meeting in Luce Hall last
night, at which there was much enthu
siasm shown. From the remarks made it
was plain to be seen tnat the citizens did
not intend to leave anything undone to
make the affair the most -uccessful one
ever held. The following sub committees
• were named to assi-t in getting things
into shape for the coming guest?:
Parade— F. S. Perry, Dr. A. J. Powell,
William Pann, William Pimental, J. E.
Geary.
Ho'tel— R. P. Lewis, B. P. Hooson.
Decoration — John Haas, C W. Heyer,
A. V. Morgan, George Oaka, Cohn Silva.
Hall— Dr. A. J. Powell, J. E. Geary, R.
P. Lewis.
Banquet— R. Reid, C. W. Heyer, Wil
liam Zambrisky, Dr. A. J. Powell, William
Pimental.
Ball— Golden Gate Council No. 115, Y.
M. 1., of Hay wards.
George pakes was named as a commit
tee to interview tne officials of the Hay
wards electric line to secure a speciai rate
on that road during the sessions of the
convention. These committees are ex
pected 10 be able to report progress Friday
night at the next meeting.
'"''.. ACT Of A LUXATIC.
Kngineer Peterson's Oesperate Attempt
to End Bis Life.
OAKLAND, Cal... March 10. -Benjamin
Petersen made a desperate effort to leave
thi3 world of troubles this mornimr. He
is a gardener who lias been living at 1801
Bevenib street, and as h had been out of
work for some time his funds had run low,
and he became despondent. He went to
the Ladies' Co-operative Aid Society last
night and secured a bed for 10 cents, and
at an early hour this morning took a
broken-backed pocSet-knife. and jammed
it into his neck live times iin the attempt
to end his life. y
Find his efforts were not successful
he came to his sense 3 sufficiently to seek
the Receiving Hosmtal, where he arrived
at 5 o'clock covered with blood. Dr. John
son was called end sewed up the wounds.
Ceteweri claimed the A. P. A.'s were after
him. but later in the day said it was the
Catholics. He was examined for insanity
and committed to Agnews during the
afternoon. He is a Swede, age 52, and
says lie has a brother living at Kankin,
Wash.
Municipal League-
OAKLAND, Cal., March 10.— The Citi
zens' Municipal League amended their
constitution in minor details last night
and elected the following members to the
central committee, having been nomi
nated by President Inskoep: Messrs.
Charles Heurterson, H. N. Dalton, E. P.
Flint, I. .1. Warner, William Winnie, B.
C. Cuvellifr. Dr. T. C. Coxhead, Charles
i Roetb, Giles H. Gray, W. J. Meed, Dr.
John Fearn, A. M. Ben ham, E. G. Bus
well, Gary Howard and Dr. N. X; Foster.
Hill's Trial Kegins.
OAKLAND. Cai.., March 10.— The trial
of Benjamin L. Hill for the murder of his
wife, Agnes Hill, who was shot dead by
him in the vicinity of Twelfth and Kirk
ham streets on January 1 1, was begun be
fore Judge Ogden to-day. The impanel
ing of a jury occupied the entire day. The
jurors were questioned by the defense as
to prejudice against the plea of temporary
insanity as a defense in the case of mur
der.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call, )
908 Broadway, March 10. <
Councilman Dr. Buckland is Miffering from
a bail iy swollen hand which lie attributes to
the Lite of a small spider, received last Satur
day.
The suit of Ben Brown against the Alatneda,
Oakland and Piedmont Electric road for
$10,000 damages tor being struck by a car, has
been set for June 2.
The remains of William Hiekey, the veteran
railrond detective, who died last Sunday, were
taken from his Alameda home to Sacramento
tii is afternoou, there to be interred.
Mary P. Thomson has been granted a divorce
from William Thomson on the ground of ex
treme cruelly. The wife is given the custody
of a minor child and the household furniture.
An "intelligent" voter recently returned a
r ( '£istra;iou blank to the County Clerk, with
the statement that he was 155 "feet and 56 A ±
inches high and '28 years of age. County Clerk
Jordan wants to engage that voter lor "a flag
pole.
Rosso'? cottage on Lake Meritt dam, which is
one of the landmarks of that vicinity, is to be
sold at public auction to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock at Justice Clift's court to satisfy a
judgment obtained by \V. M. Watson & Co., the
liquor dealers.
Judge Frick has admitted the will of the late
Walter W. Blow to probate, and appointed
Mary A. Blow, the widow of the deceased, as
executrix. No bond was required of Mrs.
Blow, as the same was expressly waived by the
terms of the will.
The well-known orator Peter Gori will pive
an address at Montana Hall on Saturday next
a; Bp. m. Mr. uori is one of the ablest and
most diversified speakers of the Italian lan
guage on the coasi. He is very popular with
nis countrymen and a large attendance is Cer
tain.
AN OLD CALIFORNAIN ILL
Boys Who Got Into Trouble by
Writing Their Names in
High Places.
A Lost Will Found— Remains of W.
E. Hickey Taken to Sacramento
for Interment.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., March 10. —J. C.
Smith is lving%eriou<»lv ill at his home on
Central avenue. Mr. Smith is an old-time
California!!, prominent in times past in
tiie commercial and political life of the
State. In early days he was one of the
best-known lumber-dealers. Later he was
a breeder of blooded horses, importing
from Europe some Normans of high pedi
gree. Under the. regime of William Eng
lish he was the treasurer of the Democratic
State Central Committee. Mr. Smith
numbers his acquaintances and friends
among all the older Californians, and
there is general regret over his illness,
which, on account of his advanced years,
is likely to be quite serious. Dr. Beverly
Cole and other ieading physicians of San
Francisco have made him friendly profes
sional visits on the score of old-time
acquaintance and everything that is pos
sible is being done for the amelioration of
Ms condition.
Wrote Thoir Names High.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10.— The Ala
meda youth embraced the first oppor
tunity "to write his name high up on the
scroll, proceeding to perform that feat as
soon as the tower of ti;e new City Hall
was thrown open to visitors. The inside
of the picturesque tower was scratched all
over with hundreds of names, and the
defacement was so pronounced that the
City Attorney called the attention of the
municipal board to it and stated he had
contemplated proceedings against tho-e
whose-names were proof of their having a
hand in the work, but he found no general
statute q uite covered it. He didnot think
that it came under the head of -malicious
mischief. He therefore suggested that an
ordinance covering such acts shouid be
framed, and his suggestion was adopted.
Lost Will Found.
ALAMEDA. Cal., March 10.— The will
of George B. Couturon, who died in San
Francisco May 1, 1884, has been filed ior
probate by his widow, Marie Augustine
Couturon. It has but just been found. It
was supposed that he died intestate, and
letters of administration weje issued im
mediately after his death to his widow-
The will was found among old papers that
had been overlooked. The estate is small,
being estimated at $1000, and is bequeathed
to the widow.
The Late W. K. Hickey
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 10.— A special
car, attached to the '4 o'clock train, was
switched at Park street to-day to receive
the remains of William E. Hickey, the de
tective who had been in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company and who died
last Sunday night. The remains were con- |
veyed to Sacramento for interment. They !
were escorted from the residence of de
ceased to the car by a special committee
of Oak Grove Lodge of Masons, consist
ing ot E. K. Taylor, B. P. Sanborn, F. J.
Fletter, Stanley Steptienson, J. A. Collins
and J. \V. Harbourne.
. CUT THROUGH BARS.
Two Prisoner!! in Oakland Jail Get
Free Only to Be Cap*
tured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, March 10. f
Two prisoners named Fountain and Kil
burn took advantage of the dilapidated
condition of the City Prison to-night and
cut their way to liberty. As they jumped
over the outside wall they fell into the
arms of Captain Fletcher and Officer
Masfcey and were at once marched around
to the front entrance and put in t lie tanks.
No sooner had they been placed in con
finement than several other prisoners ap
peared at the open window and assayed to
walk into freedom. They seemed to* scent
danger, however, and hurried back to their
cells. Inquiry and investigation showed a
plot to deliver all the prisoners in the jail.
Fountain was a trusty and it is supposed
that he took soap impressions of the keys
of some of the cells and with a small rile
which was found sewed in his trousers
made duplicate keys. Two or three
cells were opened, and" some of the old
rusty bars that prevent too much daylight
from getting through the windows were
broken. Nothing then remained but to
creep through and over a board fence into
the street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896.
CHANCE TO HONOR GRANT.
Calvin B. Macdonald Again Takes
Up His Long Silent
Pen.
THE SAME SPIRIT AS OF OLD.
The Veteran Journalist Writes of the
Unveiling of the Great General's
Statue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
( JOB Broadway, March 9. \
Calvin B. Mac Donald has again taken
up his pen. For a long time the veteran
journalist has retired from active work,
but he now thinks that the opportunity
for a great National tribute to U. S. Grant
is offered when the statue of the General
shall be unveiled.
The old editor has issued his ideas on
the subject, and the language shows that
CALVIN B. MacDONALD.
although far advanced toward the mid
night of life, the same spirit still lives in
him that inspired his writings while editor
of the American Flag many years ago.
The tire of the veteran warrior and jour
nalist can be seen in every line, and those
familiar with his work pronounce it the
second best among his many contributions
to patriotic literature.
Regarding the opportunity to honor
Grant in the near future Mr. Mac Donald
writes:
On the 27th of April. 1892, when the body
of General Grant was about to be committed
to the tomb on the Hudson, a great oppor
tunity for the performance of a sublime Na
tional drama seemed to have beeu forever lost.
The entombment of the great warrior ought to
have occurred in the erening, at the time
when the flag of his country was descending
for a night's repose, and when the reverbera
tions of tlie sunset gun were announcing to all
the inhabitants of hill and plain that another
day of universal freedom and National
glory had been fulfilled. Then the unparal
leled incident would have been eloquently
referred to by American orators a hundred
years thereafter, and the most inspired genius
of the future would have exhausted its art and
invention in givingimaginary form aud beauty
to a scene of National gratitude, love and de
votion, such as had never before awakened the
emotions of patriotic mankind. American
poets would have sung over it; beautiful
women of the distant time would have wept at
the tender recital, and where there had been
only continuous woods and voiceless desert,
young children, in the prosperous abodes of
labor, would have conned it in their school
books and clapped their nands over the won
derful story oi their country's Leonidas.
General Grant's career is without a parallel
in ancient or modern times. In civil occupa
tions he had been a failure. He came out of
the West looking like a plowman and had great
| difficulty iv obtaining a footing among the
dress-parade military men of thnt time. He
took command of the army after three prede
cessors had failed, and after repeated defeats.
The North was discontented and the South
confident of victory, and it does not appear
that at first he had the entire confidence of a
half-frantic administration. It was not gener
ally DeJieved that the silent, undemonstra
tive man from the prairies could
bring order out of military chaos, or
be aole to successfully cope with the solendKi
Confederate commander, General Lee. But,
having been aroused from his gloomy torpor
by tne electrical touch of a pinion of the out
flying War Spirit, and realizing that conquest
involved the slaughter of men, and sometimes
the decimation of armies, he set his face with
an iron front and bore down on the rebel capi
tal with the steadiness and momentum oi an
Arctic iceberg.
Since the time of Alexander of Macedon no
military commander has ever sustained the
popular honors that have attended General
Grant, not only in his own country, but all
around the circumference of the globe. It was
all one whether he traveled without ostenta
tion, through empires or kingdoms, common
wealths or republics, or in half-barbarian
islands of the sea— the people every w here hailed
him es a aemi-go<i.
And there is still time and will be occasion
for the grandest obsequies the world ever saw.
At his death General Grant's body was laid in
a temporary tomh, where it still remains, and
the bivouac of the illustrious dead is continu
ally guarded by a Union soldier-sentinel,
i There has been a popular subscription in sums
ranging from 1 cent, to $5000,- and to the ex
tent of $000,000, to raise a becoming inonu
me nt over the greatest warrior of the nine
teenth century, and on the "J7th day of April,
1892, the than Fresidentof the I'nited Btatet
lmd its foundation in lha presence of an in
numerable throng.
The iuaiestic pillar is still being carried up
ward by tlie votive hands of American labor,
and when it shall have been finished the re
mains of General Grant will Le "forever laid"
beneath the lofty dome. Then there will be
time tor the la-t act in the drama of the great
soldier's history, the Passion play of American
patriotism. Then let the dreamless sleeper be
called forth by one of the tremendous voices
that shook the Wilderness when the evening
sun is taking a parting glance at the drooping
standard-sheet of his heroic devotion. Let
the seemingly dead rise again at the tremen
dous reveille that had so often animated his
great soul for victorious battle.
Some of us who. in the days of battle and
war, humbly shared with General Grant an
earnest wish for the restoration of our coun
try's unity, Mill lament that we had not laid
up a granite fragment in that perpetual monu
ment of a nation's gratitude and love, and can
only hope that when it shall have been thickly
clad with the mosses of tune, the exultant sign
of our Union's salvation may be still streaming
out from its summit, and may still continue to
glitter and flash in the sunlight oi a thousand
other successive years.
Calvin B. Mac Donald,
471 Fourth street, Oakland.
In Memory of Rickard.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— The
Board of Town Trustees at their meeting
last night paid a hign tribute of respect to
the late Reuben Rickard who was twice a
member of the town board, once its presi
dent, and twice a member of the Board of
Freeholders. Eulogistic resolutions were
passed.
The Father Killed.
HAYWARDS, Cal., March 10.— Mrs. J.
R. Thomas, who resides on Castro street
with her three daughters and two sons,
received a telegram to-day from Damas
cus, Placer County, announcing that her
husband had been kilied in the mine there.
Mr. Thomas is well known here, but for
sonic time past has been working in the
mines where he met his death. No de
tails were given. Mrs. Thomas left to
night for Damascus.
PEOFIT FROM CITY LAND.
The Merritt Kstate Has Keen Derivinc;
It for 31 any Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) w
.908 Broadway, March 9. j
Mayor Davie claims to have found anew
plan to keep the Twelfth-street dam in
repair. He has also discovered that the
wealthy Merritt estate has been collecting
about $350 per year for rents from prop
erty that belongs to the city. To-night
the following statement from the Mayor
was read at the meeting of the Council :
Gentlemen: Your attention is respectfully
called to the fact that the Merritt estate col
lects a monthly rental from the keepers of the
boalhouses at "the Twelfth-street dam on Lake
Merritt. The said rental amounts to about
per annum and has been so collected for
years past.
The boathouses are owned by the parties oc
cupying them, and they are paying the said
rental ior the space occupied by the houses
and docks.
It appears that the space occupied by the
said boathouses belongs to the city of Oakland
and not to any private parties. The records do
not show that the said property is or ever has
been assessed to the Merritt estate or any other
parties or person.
Therefore, if the above facts in reference to
the title to the property are correct I would re
spectfully recommend that the said property
be placed in charge of the Board of Public
Works with instructions to lease the property
to parties desiring the same and the revenue
so derived would assist in keeping the Twelfth
street dam in erood condition.
1 would also advice, in connection with the
matter at hand, that the city bring proceed
ings against the Merritt estate for all rents pre
viously collected.
The matter was referred to the City At
torney.
THIS IS TOO FAR WEST
, Senator Perkins Writes From
Washington of the Vice-
Presidency.
He Thinks the California Delegation
Should Go to St. Louis
Unpledged.
Oakland Office San Fhaxotsco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 9. f
Ex-Senator W. E. Dargie, proprietor of
the Tribune, received the following letter
to-day from United States Senator Perkins :
United States Senate, )
Washington, 1). c, March 3, 1896.}
Editor Tribune, Oakland, Cal.: Your letter of
February 20, inclosing clippings in wtiich my
name is mentioned in •connection with the
Vice-Presidency, was received to-day.
I cannot fail to feel flattered at such a com
pliment as that which has been paid me in
placing mv nume before the people as has
been done. It has been more than flattering
to learu how trie proposition has been received.
I shall always remember with most sincere
gratitude the numerous expressions of con
fidence and friendship which I have received
during the past week. Though there is no pos
sibility that the desires so warmly expressed
will be realized my frieuds may be assured
that tiieir kindness and good will can never
be forgotten.
I am ot the opinion that it will not be possi
ble to go so tar West for a candidate for Vice-
President. Indeed Ido not thine that either
of the candidates ior the two highest offices in
the gift of the Nation can be drawn from srates
we.-t of lowa. With a Presidential candidate
from the Middle West, of scholarly attain
ments, eminent in statesmanship aiid of un
questioned honesty, ami with the Vice-Presi
dential candidate irom New England or New
York, I think that cfae Republican party would
sweep the country.
I am of the opinion that California should
send to the National Convention a delegation
of representative men who shall be entirely
unpledged, and, in consequence, left free to
vote tor the best men brought forward for
nomination. The State will thus be placed in
a position to make its influence felt, and will
be able to work for the best interests oi the en
tire country. Besides, it may thereby secure |
the power to name a cabinet officer, which
would, perhaps, prove ot more benefit to the
entire Pacific (.'oast than to have a Vice-Presi
dent chosen irom that State.
My name has been brought forward as a pos
sible Candidate for Vice-President without any
consultation with me, find, in fiict, the move
ment was started without my knowledge.
How far it has progressed Ido not know. The !
position which I occupy confers high honor, j
and is one which gives an opportunity for j
usefulness that 1 have taken advantage "of to j
the extent of my power. It presents a field
which is wide and in which it is. perhaps pos
sible for nir> to secure as many benefits for the
Pacific Coast as I could in any other. Though
my own preference is for wort in this field. I
shall always gratefully remember those who
have desired to give me higher honors. Yours
very truly, George C. Perkins.
EDITORS AT OUTS.
Cesare Crespi on Trial for Libeling G.
Almagia.
Cesare Crespi is on trial before Judge
Wallace for libeling G. Almagia through
his paper, "II Messag-iero." Almagia is
editor of a rival piper, "L'ltalia."
The libel consisted in referring to
Almagia in rather slighting terms, but
there is a wide difference of opinion as to
tbe precise meaning ol the words used,
and so a study of orthography, and Italian
orthography at that, has become necessary
to the jury. The feeling on both sides is
bitter, and various charges are being made
by ttie principals and their witnesses. An
attempt was made to show that Orespi
was interested in the extensive shipping
to this country of spurious olive oil in
lieu of the genuine article, and also that
Almagia had deserted from the Italian
army and had been imprisoned for a year
in consequence. Evidence on those* in
teresting points was cut short, however.
The case will continue to-day.
YOUNG LIVES SACRIFICED
Disobedience of an Ordinance Re
sulted in Killing the
Booth Girls.
WILL BE RIGIDLY ENFORCED.
More Money Paid Out for Damage
Suits Than Would Suffice to
Eauip the Cars.
Oakland Office Sa>" Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. March 10. f
The killing of the two little girls of Fritz
Booth by the Eighth-street cars has called
attention to the necessity for safety guards
to .be at once placed upon all cars. The
feeling is general that not another day's
delay should be permitted, and that it is a
matter in which every family is interested.
Over a year ago the City Council passed
an ordinanbe relating to guards and pro
vided that all steam or dummy cars, or
cable, electric or horse cars, "shall have a
suitable buffer or guard appliance of suit
able design and construction for the pur
pose of removing from and clearing the
track of persons and obstructions; rail
buffer or guard shall be placed in front of
such car or dummy ana attacned to the
frame of the forward wheels or trucks
thereof, and shail run at a uniform dis
tance of not more than one and one-half
inches above the roadbed or parts over
which such cars run, and shall be so con
structed as to prevent persons or objects
on the roadbed of said car from being ruti
over or upon by any such car or dummy."
There is another section which requires
'•that each car shall have a suitable device
attached thereto and placed in front of the
rear wheels or trucks of the car and over the
rails on which such cars run." Such device
must be constructd of iron, wood or otlier
strong material, and must not be more
than one and a half inches above the track.
According to the ordinance it should
have gone into effect March 23 of last year,
and within ten days thereafter all com
panies operating cars were to present to the
City Clerk designs of their guards and
have them approved by the Council.
Only the Alameda line and the Hay
wards road have complied with the law.
A fine of not more than $500, or 230 days
in jail, is the penalty for each and every
day the cars are left unguarded. The or
dinance does not, however, specify which
of the offending officials or employes is to
be made to suffer.
"I notitied each company in this city of
the terms of the ordinance," said Chief of
Police Lloyd to-day, in speaking of the
matter. "The Alameda line has a guard
that has picked lip a child and carried it
around a curve unharmed. Tt is known as
the Clark guard, and I consider it the best
there is. The Haywards line has another
kind, more suitable for the country road
bed. The superintendents of the other
roads wanted time, so as to look about that
they might secure the best guard, and not
to be harsh 1 have let them go along. Had
tnat car such a fender as the Alameda line,
the Booth children might have yet been
alive and anyhow their bodies would not
have been so cruelly mangled."
"I believe it is time to force the street
car companies to place fenders on their
cars," said Councilman Towle to-day. "I
think the Ordinance and Judiciary Com
mittee should have the City Attorney pre
pare an ordinance that would have the
effect of bringing them to time so as to
have it introduced Monday night. I
know we have an ordfnance, "but it seems
to be non-effective, and it is time to stop
this killing of people to avoid the expense
of placing of proper protection on the
cars.
"The companies payout more in damage
suits every year than it would cost to
equip the cars with the best safety appli
ances for saving life. I believe the ordi
nance we have should be strictly enforced.
If it does not meet the needs then I am
ready to push a new one along. I cannot
understand why they do not see it this
way and put fenders on the cars of their
own accord."
Coroner Baldwin has set the inquest for
Thursday nij,ht. "I want all ti.e evidence
possible," he said, "and I am procuring a
jury of representative men because I real
ize that the verdict should carry weight,
especially with regard to adaquate guards."
BERKELEY'S FIRE DANGER
Citizens Want a Better Depart-
ment and a Better Hydrant
System.
Town Trustees Discovered the Defi-
ciencies at the Burning of the
Jensen Residence.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— The ex
perience of tho-e who witnessed the fire
last night which destroyed the home of
Charles Jensen on Haste street has taught
them a lesson which they will not soon
forget. The absolute inefficiency and
almost utter u.-<elessness of the fire depart
ment occasioned by the lack of water sup
ply and the resultant devastation of the
house and almost its entire contents have
Kiven rise to much unfavorable comment
among the Berkeley citizens. The Board
of Town Trustees are blamed, in the first
place for not having larger and more
numerous fireplugs on the mains, and in
the second place for not compelling the
local water company to either put down
more and larger pipes or to withdraw their
franchise.
Prominent citizens are free to express
their opinions in relation to the inade
quacy of the facilities for quenching even
the smallest' blaze. The only water that
was available at the lire last night was a
stream from a two-inch plug through an
inch and a half nozzle, with a force which
carried it about fifteen feet at most. The
volunteer hre department, with their hand
hose-carts, reached the scene as Quickly as
could be expected, but almost too late to
be of any service beyond preventing the
spreading of the flames. The devastating
element had full sway and did not cease
until the entire building was in ashes.
Though the loss of the house and its fur
nishings was comparatively small, not ex
ceeding $3000, yet from the manner in
which the flames worked it is believed the
entire block would have gone up in. smoke
had there been other dwellings in the im
mediate vicinity.
The neighborhood in which the fire oc
curred is near the center of population
srnd many of the most expensive houses
in Berkeley, and it is considered fortunate
for them tnat the building which was
ablaze was somewhat remote from the
rest.
Two members of the Town Board them
selves were at the scene of the fire, and
one of them was overheard to express his
chagrin at the sight of half a dozen men
scurrying around the burning building
with a large-sized garden hose with a
stream barely pouring from its nozzle at
tempting to put out a Dig fire. It is un
derstood, as a result of last night's experi
ence, that a movement will be instituted
by a number of Berkeley's most promi
nent citizens to discover why the town,
with its 12,000 inhabitants.cannot have bet
ter protection against fire than is afforded
by two or three hand nosecarts and an oc
casional small hydrant. • . ■
New. Chapters of Delta Upgilon.
BERKELEY, Cal:; March Two new
chapters of 1 the Delta Upsilon college fra
j ternity will be organized in San Francisco
I next Friday evening, the local orders of
Omega Alpha at Berkeley' and the Alpha
Upsilon at Stanford merging into the well
known National order. The installation
j ceremonies attendant with the formation
' of the new chapters will be performed by
United States Circuit Judge Sherman of
Chicago and Hon. Thornton Penrield,
secretary of the executive council of the
National fraternity: They will come to
this coast for the special, purpose of con
ducting the initiatory ceremonies. The
exercises wiJl take place at the California
Hotel, after which a banquet will beheld
at the same place. President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford will act as toastmaster
at the banquet, and among the other
speakers will be Dr. Samuel B. Morse,
president of California College, East Oak
land; Principal J. B. McCbesney of the
i Oakland High School, and Professor A. F.
Lauge of the English department at the
State University.
The Stanford chapter of Alpha Upsilon
numbers twenty men, while the Omega
I Alpha of Berkeley numbers twenty-three.
Tlie Delta Upsilon fraternity is the only
open and non-secret Greek letter college
! brotherhood in existence. It was founded
I at Williams College in 1334; there are now
, twenty-nine live chapters of the order
and it has between loO'and 200 members on
the Pacific Coast.
',;V "Work of Town Trustees.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— At the
meeting of the Town Board last night the
License Committee recommended that a
' saloon license be granted J. J. Higgins on
condition that he pay $100 back license
and $50 for a quarter in advance, and that
Mrs. Higgins of Lorin be refused a license,
her application not being properly signed.
■ The recommendations were adopted. The
I protests against the assessments for the
i macadamizine of Alcatraz avenue were
overruled Wednesday ni«ht was set as
a time for hearing the. protests against the
i opening of Wheeler street. The ordinance
J creating the office of food inspector was
j passed and the salary was fixed at $25 per
! month. Dr. H. N. Rowell, the Health
Officer, was appointed to fill the position.
The question of the petition for the call
ing of a special election to raise $20,000 for
school bonds by a direct tax was consid
ered Dy the board. They decided to take no
action regarding the matter until after
April 4, when a school district election is
to be held. The petition asking for the
special election bears 312 signatures.
Freshman-Sophomore Field Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10.— The
freshman-sophomore field-day sports will
! take place next Saturday afternoon on the
university cinder path. The entry-list
closed to-day with about twenty men on
the board. Captain Merwin of the Varsity
track team stated to-day that he had ex
pected Lloyd '99 to break the present U. C.
record of 29 feet 11 inches for the shot-put;
Dorn '98 to break the U. C. hammer record
of 123 feet 10 inches, and Lloyd to break
the pole-vault record of 10 feet 4 inches.
Dorn and Lloyd have been surpassing the j
records in their specialties in practice '•
almost daily for the past week. Dorn has
thrown the hammer 135 feet, Lloyd put the ]
snot 42 feet and vaulted over 10 feet several j
times lately.
Flower Show Coming.
BERKELEY. Cal., March 9.-The |
Woman's Auxiliary of the local Unitarian j
Society has decided to repeat the flower !
sUow given last season in Stiles Hall under :
the direction of the church.
The show last spring was under the j
management of Mrs. R. W. Brehm. This I
year's exhibit will be in charge of Mrs. C. '
Wattles. The show last year was a great
success, both from an artistic point of
view and financially, and it is expected
that this year's exhibit will be quite as j
good. Berkeleyans are proud of the possi- j
bilities the town possesses in the way of
floral exhibits, and there will be a very
general co-operation to make the coming
display a thoroughly representative one.
Will Visit the Presidio.
BERKELEY, Cal., March . 10. — The j
senior class of the university will visit the
Presidio to-morrow morning for the pur- j
pose of witnessing the new dynamite guns
and mortars in operation. Lieutenant
Frank L. Winn of the department of mili
tary science at the State University will
escort the visitors about the grounds of
the reservation. Those of the College of !
Mechanics will be taken by their in- j
structors to the Union Iron Works in the
afternoon. ',
'978 Blue and Gold.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 10. — The
editor and manager of '97's Blue and Gold
expect that the book will apDear on the
last drill day of this term, April 25.
LADIES DEEPLY OFFENDED.
They Decline to Receive a Paltry Sum
I'rorn the Supervisors.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 10. )
The Ladies' Aid Society feels that it has
been insulted by the Supervisors. The so
ciety has been carrying on a very useful
work for many years. About two years
ago they leased a large building on Thir
teenth street and opened a co-operative
home. The institution was soon placed
on a paving basis. About a month ago
the place was partly destroyed by lire and
the furniture was ruined. Unfortunately
the ladies did not carry any insurance and
their loss was very heavy.
Last Monday they appealed to the Su
pervisors for aid and the sum of $25 was
voted them. This sum was considered
very paltry in view of the showing mane
before the board of the work done by the
home. To-day the ladies sent the follow
ing communication to the clerk of the
board :
Board of Supfnisor* of Alamcda County —
Honorable Sik>: The meager pittance of
you have seen ti t to apportion to assist the La
dies' Co-operative Aid Society after their se
vere loss by (ire is too insignificant to find a
welcome in the home where so many have
found food. and shelter when short of means.
If the society is obiiped to fail that inferior
sum will not prevent it, and the ladies prefer
to struggle oa in the future as in the past,trust
ing in God and those who believe in tho
brotherhood of man, and do unto others as
they would be done by, rather than feel under
any obligations for so small a favor from the
county they have saved hundreds, yes, per
haps thousands of dollars. Therefore we must
respectfully decline to receive the appropria
tion.
Mrs. L. E. Drake, Mrs. L. L. I'lummer, Mrs.
E. J. Call, managers.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel and Kose Lavfnson to Maurice, Jacob
and .Noah Brandi, lot on SW corner of Grove | and
Octavia street,' \V 55 by X 120, subject to mort
gage; $10.
M. J. .Simmons to Joseph D. and George L. Sim
mons, lot on N line of Bush street, 165 W of La
guna, W 27:6 by El 137:6; $10.
• William W. Main to Medora T. Main, lot on S
line of Oak street, 156:3 W of Pierce, W »6 by S
137:6; also iot on W line of Twenty-tnird avenue,
100 S of Clement street, S 50 by \V 120; also lot on
E line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 100 S of Clement
sueat. 8 50 by E 120: gift. ..-■■
M. J. and Margaiet J.Dolan to Annie Drlscoll,
101 on H line or Post stret, 100 X of Baker, E 37:6
by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Hutter street, 85
\V of Brederii k, W 27:6 by X 110 Rift. ' ;;
: Annie Driscoll to J. J. Driscoll, same two pieces;
gjft.---vt.--r..- ,- r -- :.?• ,:/ ; . "- .;, -.-, :• :.-■■ .:,.±.;.. ; 
K. D. and Jennie Cranston, ; Hutch and Theresa
Keenan to Thomas T. l'otiiri£er, lot- on \V line of
Cole street, 25 S of Waller, S 25 by W H4:4V2: $10.
J Thomas T. and Susie E. fottin?er to Julia lA'ahy,
same; $10. ,; ... '■ . - ; • :- .
William and lizzie Hinkel to Albertine Stillwell,
lot on E line of Cole street, 233:9 6 of Wal.er, & 50
by E 125; $10.
: Peter Donnelly to Bridget Donnelly, lot on W
line of >*oe street. 102 N of Fifteenth, H 26 by \V
96; gift. ■-;;■ •:-■, •- ■>■ ■ ■- : -v: ••=,.;■■ . •■ .
H L. and Pauline Schoenberg to Jacob Xagel, lot on
E line of Bryant ; avenue. ;35 S of Twenty-first
street,' s 25 by E 75; $10.. , :
.Same io G. T. Knopf, lot on E : line of Bryant
aveuuc, 60 S of Twenty-tirst street. S 25 by E 75
--$10.;-' ■-: :■■■ ''n - ; :-.-.-, N ■■'■.'. :, -.' >;? v-v - ■
Louise Ellwin to Stephen A. Born, lot on E line
of Castro street, 51:6 IN' of Twenty-third, R 25 by
E105;510.% ; : / .
G. and Mary Katto to G. Filipelli. lot on E line of
Kearny street, 82:6 Sof * ilbert, S 27 :6 by E 110
--$lO. > .--•..-■ ;-;.:•- ■■■;.! ■■■ :, ■ .-•:-■:■.:
-i Thomas and Clara L. M.Gorman to Herman
Murphy, lot on S line of Filbert street, 137:6 Eof
Taylor. E ii by S 137:6; $10. .
K. W. and Mary E. Tansell to Herman H. Held
bush, lot on S line of C street. 57:6 W of Seven
teenth avenue, W 25 by S 100: $10.
Barbara Gronneberg (by William H. Stackpole,
attorney) to James W. Coleman, lot on W line of
Thirty-seventh avenue, 150 Sof L street, S 50 by
W 120: $10.
Patrick and Annie McXamara to Catherine Mc-
Xamara, lot '5, block X, Park Lane Tract, map 3;
gift,
Annie and Catherine Peering to Mary A. Birch,
lot Tin N line of Montana street. 290 X of Orizaba,
X 100 by X 125, block V, Railroad Homestead As
sociation: $10.
Rttgene B. Aklen to Bertram F. Alden, lot on
XW corner of Fulton and University streets. W 30
by N 100, block 75. Railroad Avenue Extension
Homestead: $10.
M. Martin to (». Pederson. lot on W line of Lau
rel avenue, 150 s of Crescent, 525 by W 70,
beinsj lot 136, Holiday Map A ; .*lO.
Thomas and Hannah M. Philllua to Spring Val
ley Water Works, deed of easement as to piping,
etc., through lot 171, Mission and 1 hirtieth street
Homestead; $1.
odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John H.
Sbeper and Hy Schuttheis, lot in Harmony section,
plat S; $77.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Patrick and Kate McPonnell, Ann and E. Cava
nagh to William Mann, lot on RB corner of Myrtle
and Twelfth streets, E 83:8, S 34:2, W 72:6, N
53:95 H to beginning, block 568. Oakland: $10.
W iliiam and Agnes G. Mann to Patrick and Kate
McDonnell, Ann anil K. Cavanagh.lot on SE corner
of Myrtle and Twelfth streets. S SS:JW- 8 , E 78, X
33:3%., \V 80% to beginning, block 568, Oak
land; $10.
Kmeline Uaggett to a.W. Root, lot on NE corner
of Harrison and Eleventh streets, E 45 by X 78,
block 162, quitclairr deed, cakland; $10.
D. J. Buckley to Sarah E. Atherton. lot on S line
of S Fifteenth street, 74 W of Cypress, W 40 by
S 66, block 582-B, Bagge Tract, quitclaim deed,
Oakland: $5.
Jacob Weill to Sarah Weill, lot on SE corner of
Forty-fifth ami .Linden streets, X 90 by S 50, bein^
lot 4, block 2104, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land Township; $JUO.
William Clark to W. W. Davis, lot on X line of
Durant avenue, 200 W College avenue, W 50 by X
130, block 9, property of College Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley : $10.
Ivey I* and Hettie B. Borden et al. to Celia'O.
Hewes (wife ot' M. S.), lot on W line of Sherman
street. 550 Bof Kin^s avenue, 575 by \V 150, be
ing lot 12 and N 25 feet oflot 18, Bay Side Tract,
subject to a, mortgage for $2000, Alameda; $10.
J. S. and Philornena 8. (jonies to Eduardo P. da
Rosa, lot beginning at a point in the middle of coun
ty road from Oentervllle to Newark at corner com
mon to lands hereby conveyed and lands of Bern,
thence X\V 22.50 chains, SW 1.96 chains, H\V 83
links, S\V 2.66 chains, SE 10.65 chains, NB 5.23
chains, sio 11.90 chains, XX 25 links to beginning,
Washington Township; $1200. ,
Benjamin Teal (by Tax Collector) to M. McCann,
lot on SW line of San Pablo avenue, 117:6 Sof
Twenty-flrst street, SW 435, X 128:3, XX 334, N
136:6 to beginning, Oakland; $42.
Josephine li. McCoy (by same) to same, same;
Oakland; $284. -
Frank M. Cerlni to Florence M. Creely, lot on E ;
line of Myrtle street, 35:6 N* of Twenty-sixth, X
35:6. by E 125, block C, Xorthern Extension to
Oakland, Oakland: $10. • .-■■
Estate of William P. Cerlni (minor, by guar
dian) to same, lot on E line of Myrtle street, 71 X
of '1 wenty-sixth, X 1 35:6 by E 125, block C, same,
Oakland ; $10.
James Moore to Francis R. Musser, lot on W line
of San Pablo avenue, 100 N of Milton street. X 50
by W 100, lot 33, Milton Tract. Oakland; $10.
\Vells, Fargo & Co. to Josephine Shipley, lot on
Xof Knox avenue, 549.60 \V of Telegraph. \V 45,
X 112.17, E 45.01, 8 112.06 to beginning, portion
of loi 36 and 37. Knox Park, Oakland $10.
Unknown owners (by Tax Collector) to M. Mc-
Cann, the rear 40 feet of lots 8 and 9, block 9,
Jones Track, Oakland; $2.
D. V. and Frank Prentiss to Frank A. Pratt, lot
on XW line of Twenty avenue, 125 XE of
East Eleventh street, 'XE 25 by N\V 100, lot 11,
block F, Knowles & Potter subdivision, Kennedy
Tract, subject to a mortgage, East Oakland; $10.
J. J. Heim to Maria H. Peralta, lots 5 and 6,
Drexler Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
A. A. Fink to Charles F. Brignardillo, lot on S
line of Virginia street, 160 E of California, E 40 by
5 135 2 , block 1. lauds of state Iniversity
Homestead Association 5, Berkeley: $10. .
Joseph C. and Carrie Kitchell to Kate McDonald,
lots 18 to 22, block 55. tract B, Berkeley L. and T.
I. Association, Iterkeley ; $10.
11. B. and Laura A. Piuney to Louisa L. Mat
thews, lots 12, 13 and 14, block A, Prospect Hill
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Walter J. arid Mary C. V.'eatherly to W. P. Fuller
6 Co., (a corporation), lot on XW line of
Bay avenue, 69:9 H\V from a point
of intersection of said avenue with W line
C. P. K. K. Company's railroad track, thence SW
85 by XW 200, Brooklyn Township; $10.
T. X., E. D. and Eliza A. Bassett to Pnebe P.
(wife of J. R.) Van Arman, lot on E line of Bassett
street, 137:6 X of Lloyd avenue, X 37:6 by EIOO,
being lot 11 and X hall of lot 10, block B, Fruit
vale station Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
W. E. and Erminia Dargie to W. M. Coffee, lot
39, .Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5. '
Same to same, lot 39, Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $5. '■ X^';Y:V
Annie O. Miller to James P. Dunn, lot on S line
of Eagle avenue, 304:11 W of St. Charles street, a
150 by W 25, block X, Columbus Bartlett prop
erty, Alameda; $10.
Beniamin Kuddock to Mary Ruddock, lot on \V
line of Arch street, 100 S of Stanley. S 150, XW
196. E 117:2, bloc* 27, City Land Association;
gift.
George W. O'Brien to Claudia R. O'Brien, lot on
X line of Virginia street, 30 W of Edith, w 40 by
N 100, being lot 7, block C, Edith Tract, Berkeley;
gift.;
■ George ana R. C. Qnackenbush to H. W. and
Mary M. Miller, lot 1, block 4, Xewbury Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to C. E. McCaf
ferty.lotonE line of Tenth street,4ti4.44 S of Cnan
niog way. E 135, S 68.78, W 135, X 51:56 to be
ginning, being lots 22 and 23, block 138, corrected
map of Avery Tract, Berkeley: $5.
George and Mary C. Flemming to William T).
Huntington, strip of land bounded X by lot 8,
lands of Brooklyn .Land Company, E by right of
California Railway. Company, S by rignt of way
along S line oflot 9, Brooklyn Land Company, and
W by High street, being portion of lot 9. lands of
Brooklyn Land Company, subject to a mortgage
for $1200; $10. ' ■ ■- •
Andrew F. Magrane to William H. D'Arcy, lot
6, being a resubdivision of lots 12, 13, 29 and 30,
Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. and AnnaC. Bammann to Jennie Woodward
(wife of Charles J.), lot on E line of Lafayette
street, 40 Sof Eagle avenue, S 45 by E 108, Dlock
47, Encinal, Alameda; $10. .
J. M. Ollmpia to Maria J. Ollmpla, lot on XE
line of Haywards road at a stake distant 74:6 X W
from X corner of said road and Ward avenue, KE
100, XW 25, SW 100, SE 25 to beginning, town of
San Leandro, Eden Township; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Carl Dlel with Hood & Watson, to erect a 2-story
frame building on W line of Capp street, 100 S of
Twenty-third, S 35 by \V 13(2:6; $2370.
Kstber Rosner with C. M. Weste and L. T. Fenn,
to erect a 1-story cottage on X line of California
street, 107 :6 \V of Twelfth avenue; $975.
Mechanic*' Institute.
At the election of officers of the Mechanics'
Institute last night there were forty-two bal
lots cast and no candidate received a majority.
At tne conclusion of the balloting Joseph Leg
gett and Oscar Lewis, on whom the final result
seems to have centered, were even. Balloting
will be continued to-day at 5 p. m.
To Bring Seidl.
R. E. Johnson, Ysaye's manager, arrived here
last night from Denver. His object is to com
plete arrangements for bringing the Seidl or
chestra here in M«y.
NEW TO-DAY.
:m theowl
|» DRUCCO.,
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
S DRUGGISTS!
1128 MARKET ST.
BAKER'S #%r
TAR Ik A A POSITIVE
COUGH . ZDCi_ CURE
BALSAM, Mm Will
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco —^Los Angeles.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound .. .75c
Paine's Celery Compound . . . .......... .60c
Joy's and Hood's 5ar5apari11a.. ;....... 65c
THE OWLDRUQ CO.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills . . . . . . . ....... .35c
Castoria .... . . . . ................ ....... 25c
Syrup of Figs;.... 35c
Cuticura Resolvent . . . ............... . .70c*.
"Warner's Kidney Cure .85c
Allcock's Porous P1a5ter5. ........... . , . 10c
Carter's and Beecham's Pills.. 15 s
Allen's Malt Whiskey .V. Bsc
Romany Oil . :. .......... ......... . . . . . 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
theowlTdruqco.
/^"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^
JUaJI 625 KEAKSY ST. Established
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
()2")KEAB«TST. Established
i m 1N54 for the treatmentof Private
Mj^W Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
iMHUI disease wearing on bodyandmlndaad
<MHHa.SklnDiseaafs The doctor cures
ynQM fall. Try him. Charges low
Curefifruarantrrd. Callorwrit*.
»r. J. T. UIBJB9M. Box 1897.5AQ Franc££
fesHttM'-. ■ ■- {symmuniKKsßis..- ■ ...
1314
XOTICE OF MKETINtiS.
»_SB> MISSION LODGE NO. 18P, F. «
_^ a:jvi A. M.-Called meeting IIS -#V-
(WKDNhSDAY) EVENING nt . :30 JLl\
o'clock. Firs, dog^-By^^theW^grA
Js_ss>- MOUNT MOIUAH LODGE NO. a
[5-^44 F. ani A. M.-MeeUng ' 11M , 5 ,-J\- !
(WEDNE-DAY) EVENING at f.oOJ^J^ ■
o'clock. Hrst degree.^ FKOLICH •Secretary.^
■_3S» CROCKETT LODOE, No. 1 39, F. a
K^.e' t t A. -Calied meetine: TIII^^V
EVENING at 7:30 sharp. D. Ist. By order^^ |
of the W. M._ U. FORTRIEOE. Sec _£x_ I
wRaF EXC-.LSIOB LODGE, No. 166. 11 .
Et^d? f ,^ A ji.— special rai'f.intilli^ «l
(WEDNESDAY) EVENrNG, March 11, at 7O^
o'clock. ''V-,-K. SMITH, S^r..aT_
_--—= ANNUAI/.MEETING-THE REGU LA R
annual meeting of stockholders of the
Western sucar Refining Company will be held at
the office of me oompany, 3*7 Market St., Ban
Francisco. Ca!., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at thehonroi 12 o'clock m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing yearaod the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer-books will close on Friday, March JO,
lS9t>, at 12 o'clock m.
RoHF.RT onnaßD, Secretary.
"rf-^= gTOCKHOLDKRS' NOTTrE— OFFICE OF
i!>^? LaCandelaria Mining Company, San Fran-
cisco California. January 31,1896— 1n accordance
with 'a resolution adopted at n. meeting the Moard
of Trnstees of La Candelaria Mining Company held
this day a special meeting of the holders of
said company is hereby called to be held at the
office of said company, at 530 California street,
SaTi Francisco, California, rootn 60, the principal
place of business of sai.t corporation, and the build- .
ing where its Board of Trastees meet, on TUES-
DAY, the 7th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10
O'clock a. M.
The object of said meeting is to take into con-
sideration and decide upon the proposition to in-
crease the capital stock of said company from two
million six hundred and eiehty-eight thousand
dollars ($2,688,000), divided Into twenty-six hun- j
dred and eighty-eight C-6881 shares or one Uiousanl
(S1000) dollars each, the present capital stock of
said company, to thirteen million four hundred,
and forty thousand dollars ($13,440,000), to be j
divided into two hundred and sixty-eight thousand ;
eight hundred (268,800) shares of fifty dollars
($5O) each. By order of the Board of ! mstees.
* GEORGE A. HILL. S.-cretury.
_F£Cl".\_ NOTICES.
K-S» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
ES—^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
it— =» windows cT-EANED and FLOORS
&-' (icrubbed: reasonable rates: payment for
raaraateed. c. ROSSI 4 CO.. 24- Sntter.
nr"— = MMX. HANSEN AND ASSIST A NTS—
&£_»' Electric, vapor, salt waterbaths. 116 I aylor.
DlVlD_>"_> Nt>TICKS.
(^-^"FrviDtCNIT NOTICE— DI VI DEND No.
tir—? 29 (15 cents per share) of the liutchlnson
Sncor Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 3-J7 Market street, on
anil after FRIDAY, March 20, 1896. Transfer
books will close Saturday, March 14,1896. at 12
o'clock x. K. H. sIIKLI'QN, Secretary ■__
SITUATIONS WAKTKD-FEM A
PRINGS, RESORTS AND COUNTRY HO-
t* tels— lf yon want any female help write or
wire. C. R. HANSEN <£ CO.. 110 Geary st. j
IPIBBT-CLABS GERMAN AND FRENCH |
cook desires place: 2 nent housegirls, country j
preferred: 2 stronc ranch cooks; 4 young girls,
$10, to be se seen at MME. LhOPOLD'S, 20 Stock- I
ton s'. I
C~ ' OMPETENT GERMAN COOK AND HOUSE-
I work <rir! wants situation: best references; ,
city or country. MISS CULLKN, 823 Sutter st.
riOM PETENT FRENCH WAITR ESS AN D
\j seamstrefs wants situation: or as nurse: AN D
se&mstrefs wants situation; or as nurse: best
references: city or country. MlsS CULLEN, 333
Sutter st,'r*'
Tl! iBOCGHLY COMPETENT NORWEGIAN
1 girl wants situation either at housekeeping or
second (tlri BBd seamstress, or to do cookine and
peneral housework: wages tSS to 880; am expe-
lienced and competent to till either situa ion; in
writing please ■ a'- a few particulars. Address G.;
rox 153. Cull Office.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY, WITH (iROWN-l'P
daughter, wish situations in same house:
mother as housekeeper, da'ehter as chambermaid
or nurse. Ca'.l ■ ■ i- a Yerba Buena St., off Clay, bet.
Mason and Taylor.
ESPEC T A I . E , MIDDLE - AGED LADY
Jl wants sii nation ceneral housework, nurse the i
Bick. or a good mother for motherless children: is i
qoick on foot; good references. Please call 241
Fifteenth St., near Mission.
\\" ANTED— MIDDLE - AGED LADY WITH
'» several years' experience will take char-.-e of
an invalid or care of children going East or to
Europe; wil nive services f'-r traveling expenses:
hest of references. Address A. X., 1033 PosU
W ANTE D-B V PERIEN CE D COOK, WORK
»» in boarding-house or small restaurant; sleep
home: wages moderate. Apply 988 Howard St.,
cornet sixth.
TMMEDIATELY-SITUATION WANTED BY
J- young woman for gen-ral housework in private
family: 'wages $15 to $20; city only. Call at 916 J
Howard s:., near Fifth.
KESPECTABLE YOUNC WOMAN WANTS
place to attend s;ore or do second or chamber
work, where she can sleep home. Address S. L.,
box 181, Call Office.
IR< iN KR- FIRST-CLASS IRONER WISHES
J. position in hotel or public laui.dry- Call or ad-
dress 22 Fifth st.
•\r <JIJ NG GIR L ( IRISH) WISH ES POB TION
1 in respectable family: willing and obliging:
pood ref. cc Call or address 2"J Fifth St.
PELIABLE WOMAN WITH CHILD 6 YEARS
J I of air" wishes situation as cook on a ranch. Call
227 Second at.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE '
O Ctrl to assist with light housework: wages 910. ]
all for two days, 554 Stevenson, bet. 6th and 7th. I
YGOOD GIRL TO DO GF.NERAL HOUSE"-
work and cooking. Call 2917 Sacramen:o su
TWO S WEDI s H GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS
as laundress or chambermaid, separate or to-
gether. Call or address 221 Fifth st.
/ ' ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION' FOR
*T general housework. Call or address 34 Third,
upstairs.
SWEDISH GIKL. RECENTLY FROM THE
East, wishes to do ceneial housework. Please
call {il3 Sanchez st. take Castro or Mission-st.cars.
Y~WOMAN TO DO HOISEWORK OR COOK-
ing. Call 2 days 47 Krie at. ]
yoCNT, Gl L WISHES SITUATION TO DO
1 general housework and plain cooking. Apply
a. 1705 Baker sr.
T\BEBSM AKtR. FIRST-* LASS STYLISH DE-
1' slcuer, de-ires engagements al $laday; good
cutter and fitter. Address S. D., i>o\ 129, Call.
"T^ASTKKN GIBLWISHEB SITUATION FOR
Ju general housework. Apply 302 Liberty St., near j
Church. I
P EHPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUA- I
it tion housework andcookinc. Apply 319 Ellis. !
VioEoiTed woma n WISHES day - WORK.
Vj washing or housecleaniug or washing to do
home. Address C. box 98. Call Office.
QITU ATIO N W NTi:n BY A COMPETENT I
O woman to do chamberwork or housework: first-
class city reference. Apply 51 1 -. Hyde, rear.
~\ >"rcvtestant woman WISIIKS situa-
X tion to do light housewor- or take cart- of child, j
Apply 20 Willow aye., on* Larkin st.
SrfITATION WANTED BY A GOOD COOK
,_ and laundress: references. 5;.0 i dly st.
E H I E N C K D Wi >M . G«761) COOK,
J_ wants slHia io i in good family; only kitchen
v i r« ; no obiectfou to small bo-el: city or country.
14 Natoma t. . ■
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION
O to do reneral housework and plain cook'.ng. Ad- '
dress C. box 143. ali Office.
Q ITUATION WAN lED BY fTRST-CL SS
JO cook or housekeeper; best reference. 5:612
i o-t su, 2 days,
/ iOOl> HARD-WOKKINO WOMAN, GOOD
" ' plain ccok and general houseworker, wan s sli-
liation in small family. Address M. H., box 135,
Call «'ffiee.
'or.vVr lady of RKFINKMKNT WOULD
1 like to act as lady's maid. X., box 112. Call.
2 c M PETENTGIRLS WISH SITUATIONS IN
_■ j-.nva-e hoi el as chambermaids. Calloraddress
X..804 Larkin st.
V I \T . R] KINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES
>.^ sitna'ion as lady's n aid. or for second, work.
Call or address M., 804 Idir^in su
Yjefined young woman. wishes POBI-
JV tion as housekeeper. Call 15 Eddy st., room
40. second lioo'. " j
\"v>I "N(. LADY, UNDERSTANDS ALL KINDS !
1 of boose work and sewing, would like a posiiion;
email salary and Instruction in music. Address
181_ Bush st.
vr r a T - W E"_ISH GIRL, GOOD SEAMSTRESS,
J-> wishes to >ew for dressmaker. 11 y Antonio
St., off Jones, near Kilin sS^fcsf>
Tr>IBBT-( LASS DRESSMAKER WISHES A
y few more engagements by the day, $1 50. Ad-
t: reis P., box 49, Call ofllce.
p ESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
JV io do housework In srr.all fnmily In country:
Finall wages; with chl'd 4 years. Address 1408
Sanchez su, nr. Twenty-seventh.
\\r aN Ti I> —R i: STA U RANT WAITING, '
»' < iianii-f-rwork or iiousework by competent
3 ountt woman; . no triflers need app'v. Call or ad-
dreas 139 Fifth ft.
ASTERN ■LA DV WOULD LIKE SITUA-
J_ tion as i ousekeeper. Call or address 137
! eventh st.. room 1. ,
I)E s I' Ki'i A BLK YOUNG GIRL, GO(Td
J I seamstress, willing and ohli^inn. wishes situa- I
tion to do second work in private family. Call nr '
ttddre&s . , HO4 Larkin St.
D! : SB3J A R I : it WISfI'ES WORK BY THE
day. Address 416 Grove st.
\ ; OUNG WOMAN WAN'IS HOUSEWORK,
J cl' arrlag or laundry work by the day. Call or
Sddn s- 766 Folsom st. ;•_•
/ IOLOREU WOMAN WANTS PLACK lIOUSE-
\J work and pli-.in cookinsj 'can. give reftTfnce.
'26 Bernaril, off Taylor, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
V" .\N i r- WANTS WORK 1!Y THE DAY
»' washing or housework. Call or add. ess 661
Ho-.vard st. " .
] ) ELI ABLK. WOMAN WTSHKS SITUATION
J. - .is cook for few men or will do chamberwork.
Audiv-b- A., box 18, CalL
(STTFATIOXS Continued^
ITUATIOn"waNTEiTbY NEAT GERMAN
girl for upstairs wor.<. Call at 1818 Ellis st.
HESPECTABLE £ WOMAN W i»HES TO GO
out working by the day, washing, ironing,
housecleaning or nursing; $1 per day. Address or
call 133 Twenty-sixth st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
! t_> Catholic woman in a small Catholic family: is
very good cook and has best of references. Address
I). F., box 104, Call Offioe. . \
ITUAIION WANTED BY AN AGED WOM- j
IJ an to do housework: wages no object. Apply
lat 107 illiam st,
I 1} ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO DO WASH-
It ing and ironing by the day. Address 30 Frank- j
lin St., in bakery. • ' |
ELIABLE LADIES' nurse wishes a
few more engagements. Address 30 Fr-nklin j
St., in bakery. -_ .
RAINED NUBSK, SCOTCH. WISHES BE-
-1 engafrement as masseuse or in medical, sur-
gical and mental diseases: lady or gentleman;
would go by the nour to patient's residence; terms
moderate. ' Call 441 McAllister st. ' .
■JSESPKCTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WITH A
JV child wishes a situation to do houseworK; coun-
t ry preferred. Address R. V., lox 137, Call.
11/OMA.S WOULD LIKE WASHING' AND
TT ironing to do at home. Call or addre»s 139
Minna st. •.
GKRL WISHES SITUATION* TO DO GSN-
eral housework in private family. Apply 717
Twenty-second St.. near Valencia. .
I ADY WI ES SITUATION AS LADIES'
Vj nur.se or invalid. 123 Twenty-slxtn st., corner
Capp.
LADY WISHES TO DO WASHING, IRONING
Jj or housecleaning by the day. 123 Twenty-
sixth st.. corner Capp.
WISS GIRL WANTS SITUATION: GEN-
eral housework ln private family. Helvetia
Hotel. 431 Pine
ELIABLE WOMAN WANT* CHAMBER-
It work: sleep home. Address W., box 91, this
olHce. . . .
Ftuations wanted by a number of
O good, respectable girls; cooking and house-
work; young neat second girl. 11 1 Antonio st.,
off Jones, near Eliis.
A' OUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
1 housekeeper; city or country. Call or address
ZS Se enth st., room 36.
i MERICAN "WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
s\ wants a situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
pQMPETENT KINDERGARTENER WHO
O spenks German fluently wishes a governess' po-
sition. Address D., box 104, Call Office.
ADIES' NURSE WISHES A FEW MORE
engag ments. Address Nurse. 408 Goiigh st.
1-KTENT WOMAN WHO CAN DO |
\J French or American cooking wants situation; i
is first-class laundress; fond of children; will work j
city or country in neat family: moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st. i
XPi RIENCEiTtaIL()RESS WISHES EN- j
Easements to do plain sewing and mending.
Call or address 120 Vi Geary st., room 15. ,_ _■
T» ELI ABLE BC A N D I N A V I A G I R L WANTS
-It a situation to do general housework. Please !
call or address 414 Folsom Rt., near First.
KESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED lady, com-
■ petent for housekeeping or any place of trust, j
wishes situation in a good family; no-objectlon to I
country: references If required. Address A. 8., j
Lorln station, Alameda County, Cal., PoatolHce
box 65.
XPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER UN- j
derstands bookkeeping desires position; . good
city references. >. 1.. box 135, Call Otllce.
INCHKsTKK iIUUSE. 44 rHIBTI BT- NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 per night:
$1 fiO to .f 6 per week: convenient mid res]>ectable:
iree hus to ann trom ; I <■ ferry.
Slat ATIO.NS MA' . iKi* -M ALfc.
• X FURNISH COOKS, STEWARDS, BAK-
t» ers, waiters, butchors and other hotel and res- i
tiuirant he-ip; also f.rm and dai y hands aid
mechanics on short notice free of charce: phone
GrautlBs. C. R. hansk.n & CO., 110 Geary st.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. sUPPLIES^oiTks: ALL
. branches -.short notip». 14(ieary. tel.(Jrant46.
HUNTKK <fc CO., VH'NESE AND JAPAN- ;
esc employment ottice. 17 Webb St.. belc.v
Kearny, bet. California and Facrtmento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
*J office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office: best help. 414V2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
NGLIS HMAN, 23, WISHES POSITION AS
gentleman's companion or work in private
family: good references. Address G. C, box 116,!
Call Office. ♦ !
B^ UTLER, FIRST CLASS. WANTS CARE OF i
private place; understands all outside work: i
gi o i references: will furnish bond for faithful ser- |
vice. Address W. G., box 15, Call Office, Oakland.
ENGLISH COAC».MAN: THOROUGHLY j
understands his business, also garden and j
cows; first-class references. Address 808, 1649
Everett St., Alameda.
AKER, FIRST HAND ON BREAD, CAKES
XJ ani pastry, wants steady situation; city or
country. 171 Clara St.. near Fifth.
VURSERYMAN W ANTS SITUATION AS
J.V commercial traveller for nnrsery or seed mer-
chant. G. KO.XIGS, 424 O'Farrell su
WANTED-SITUATION IN LA WOFFICE OR '
tt wholesale house by a I right capable boy. Ad-
dress W. H., box l'_J,Call Office.
AKER, FIRST - CLASS MAN, ANTS
work; bread or cakes; city or country. Ad-
dress Baker, 309 Third st., Oakland.
7S OMPETENT MAN WANTS PLACE: CARE
\J of horses: good gardener and good driver; pri-
vate place r-f<-rrei!. L, box 164, Call Office.
ARDENER; SINGLE; UN DEKSTANDS HIS
business: wishes a good position. Address .
frank Mclaughlin, box 147, can office.
pOMPETENT COACHMAN WITH GOOD CITY ]
\J references, steady and reliable, wants a situa '
tion. Address C. R.. box 136. Call Office. |
pELIABLE MAN WISHES A SITUATION;
J V understands care of horses: good driver: refer-
PBcea, \d(iresa 1909 Polk st.
CtOACHMAN AND GARDENER WANTS
\J situation: city or country : best of references.
Address M RS. OLSEN, 11 Vs Antonio st.. oft' Jones. ;
WANTED— .CARE IVR HORSES AND j
T» garden by a middlp-aged man who thoroughly :
understands his business: can milk and make |
himself useful; best of reference. Address C. H.,
box 47, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY a" GERMAN
0 couple, no children, to take care .of private
| place or fruit ranch: wife is a good cook, man can
do any kind of work. Acldre3s J. T.. 912 Ilowara.
|7>JRBT- CLASS CABINET- MAKER AND
r French polisher wishes situation. Address E.
W., box 15. Call Office.
OUNG " MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
! 1 bookkeeper, clerk or similar i apacity. Address
R. X.. box 101, Call Office.
; v\' ANTED — SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
I *» gardener; understands the propagation of
| greenhous'." and outdoor plants; also the taking j
care of orchard or a nrst-class private place, ln- ;
i qulrd at seedstore, 516 Battery st. j
QWEDE, 23, WHO UNDERSTANDS TAKE
O care of private place; also porter or waiter; city
j or country; best references. Address C. E., 713
i Minna st. ,
: STRONG GERMAN BOY, 15, WANTS ANY
\ r> kind of work: lives with parents. 1305 Mission.
AN 35 YEARS OLD, single," SEVERAL
years' expi rience in business, wants situation
as shipi;ng Or bill clerk: b'-st city references. Ad-
dress R. G.. box 35, (all office.
Gl : N TJ.KM A N OF EXPERIENCE. SPEA K-
ing and. writing English and German with
equal fluency, desires a position as bookkeeper,
cashier or collector in hotel, manufacturing estab-
lishment or real estate office. CP. F.,221 Main st.
BA I'.KK -V;( i; HER WANTS STEADY
position; city or country. Address FRANK,
pox liiB. Call Office. -
pOoKKEKPER WITH COMMERCIAL EX-
« > perience desires to keep accounts for 2 to 3
hours a diiy; good reference. Address B. X., box
j 14.-> call Office.
j I APANESE lIOUSK-CLEANING ANDCAR- j
«J pet) washing indows; any kind of work by j
the day. 160«.) Pacific aye.. near Polk st. ■ ■ .
: FfUATION WANTED— GEBMAN. GKNER-
, > ally useful; good hni.seman: uiiderstands gur-
' denin 1 -: : can milk: city references; moderate ages.
Situation Poatoffice, Nortb Tenii'S";''. Alameda Co.
TEADY MAN OF M WA* i SITUATION
O as salesman in first-class grocery or boot and
*h'»e store; was 7 years in grocery, 4 years In boot
i and shoe utisiness: best of references. Address J.
| L. SALVAGE, 1045 Market^
S NURSE. COMPANION OR VALET TO
- invalid gentleman; comes well recommended. j
I Address v.. i>o* 38, Call Office.
! \\r ANT r.D— SITUATION BY MAN; NURSE
j »'. or traveling compan'on to invalid; can give
1 goo I references. Address Companion, box 17,
j North Temescal, Alameda County, Cal.
WEDE WANTS SITUATION as COACH-
k 1 " man; understands care of horses and carriages
thoroughly: also care of garden; tim-class refer-
ences: city or country- Address W. 8., box 101,
Call office. ■ • ••■-•-,
1-KJIALE HELP WANTKD.
TiFa i t r ess~ rVm N^rvATSX^^iTsr^FXRE
»» paid: 2 waitresses, city. "JO: restaurant, city,
I 15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary St.
! Q GERMAN HOUSEGIItLS, $25: 6 HOUSE-
-0 girls, $20, and a number of girls for light house-
work. .$.O and $12. C. R. HAN&EN _ CO.. 110
Geary st. '" .- " ..-■.'.
VT)UNG" SCANDINAVIAN RANCH COOK.
1 >3S, nar city. ; C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st. . _____________
pV k kn7;krman HOUSE(iiRL FOR SANTA
U Barbara, $25. and fare paid; co!ore<i girl for
housework-, country, $25. C. R. HANsEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. * ]' •'
WA N KD— COOK AND SECOND GIRL. SAME
* ' house, a short distance, see tady here: 3 French,
Scandinavian and (ierinan second girl*. .*2O to
■ $25: ranr-h cook,-$25: cirl in linen-room, hotel,
; $V 5: Protestant 7 coos- and laundress, across the
' b-y, *25; \\ai:res«. *'iO. and girls for housework.
-I. F. ROSBTI _ CO., 312 Sutter aU -
\ T 'FTiIRL FO it OOKING ; AND DOWN-
1^ stairs work, American lam'ly, near city, $25,
s.-e lady berc: second gir!. small family, $20.
MURRAY _ KKAI.iV, 634 Clay St. " .
pHAMBKRMAID.WORKINGMEN'S HOTEL,
\J ci;y. $15; strong Protestant woman as cook,
plain, country hotel, *25: 20 women and girls tor
buuse\\or_. MURRAY _ KEADY, 634 Cley sUT ,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1596.
f»KT.P TrANTKD-Contlnni»l.
OUSEWOBK GIRL, mono coVnty, 2 in
II fflmily, #20, see lady here: Point Heyes, $15;
Palo Alto, $20: cook, Stockton, $25; San Rafael,
$25. ■ and other towns: 15 housework girls,' city j
and country,s2o and $25: 6 young girls, assist,
i $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler st..;;
WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK, PALO ALTO,
»T $20: see lady here; foreigner preferred. MISS
CULL* 323 Sutter st. .
'WOKKING. HOUSEKEEPER; $12. MISS
I TT CULLE.V. 323 Sutter st. . ■■'F.-.^
\TUKSK; CHILD 2 YEARS: $12. MISS OUIi
i> LEN. 323 Sutter st. ■•-•'.-
ANCH CuOK, $25; LAUNDRESS, $30;
It nurse, 1 child, $12: second clr!, $25; French
1 scams; res , $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
CIOOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, $25;
j \J gooa place. MISd CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU
OOK, AMERICAN FAMILY OF 3, $30
Vj Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. •- ■.' ' '
\Y ANTED-COOK ANDSECOND GIISL, SAME
• t» place, country. $25 and ,i<ls; French second,
j Pl 5; French maid and seamstress, $25: second
i girl, city. $20: 2 young girls, country, $15: girls
for housework and assist, $15, $10 aud $12. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton st. '
WANTED —19 WAITRESSES, COUNTRY
TT hotels, $20, room, etc.: 5 waitresses, city. $15
and $i.'o: cook, Jewish family, $25; 10 houseglrla,
$20: 1-J houseßirls, $15: 15 young girls, $8, $10
and $12 a month assist, etc. ; neat girl for second
work: youni; girls to assist in small restaurants,
etc.; head waitresses, $Z5. etc. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency, 749 Market st.
OOK FOR AMERICAN FAMILY. $?5;
waitress, 820; 2 nursegirls, $12 and $13: 10
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
HEAD WAITRESS. $25: 5 WAITRESSES,
city and country, $20: chambermaid to assist
at waltfns, country hotel, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearuy st. -..' .
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
TT bousework: wages $16. Apply bet. 9 and 12
at 1229b Ellis st.
ALESLADY FOR NOTIONS AND ANOTHER
0 for niuslln underwear; also a lady barber. U.
S. Industrial Agency, room 167; Crocker .building.
rpilE POOR SUFFERING WITH ASTHMA,
i. rheumatism, nervousness, sore eyes, etc.,
treated this week free. 1207 Market st. ■
. II r ANTED— APPRENTICES. 114 SIXTH ST.,
tt Globe Millinery.
■yoUNG . GIRL WAN! ED TO DO LIGHT
1 housework. 427 Natoma st.
\Y ANTED-PANTS FINISHER; FIRST-
»" class: no other need apply. 14 Natoma st.
IRL FOR SUMMER RESORT; MENDO-
r cino. Apply 106 steuart St., room 2.
T\.' ANTED— SWISS OR" GERMAN GIRL.
TT Swiss Hotel, 627 Commercial st.
EAT YoUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN TAKING
XI care of baby. 738 Ellis su
yOL'Xti LADY TO LEARN DRESSMAKING.
-I- 126 Kearny st., room 23.
G" IRL TO ASSIST I N LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
VJ 1217 Webster su
\' OUNG GIRL FOR KNERAL HOUSE WORK;
-I good home: $10. 408 Sanchez st. '
CIOLORED WOMAN FOR KITCHEN WORK.
V.' App'y at 579 Harrison st. before 10.
■\ r OUNO GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: $10 TO
-L $12. 1122 a Sacramento st.
rpo DRESSMAKERS-FIRST-CLASS SKIRT-
i- makers. 504 Sutter st.
\V NTE — GERMAN A'UR&EGIRL. AT"
tt ply 2528 Pine ;
TTOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH BABY";
JL wages $5. 1117 Geary st.
r\ ERMAN GIRLTO ASSIST IN housework
VJT at 418 Hrannan st.. bakery.
A PI'RENTICE WANTED AT DRESSMAK-
-lA ing. 2240 Post st.
WANTED— GERMAN OR Scandinavian
tt girl to asiist in Ren^ral housework. 812 Doug-
lass su, Castro or Mission and Twenty-second si.
cars.
"yoT'NG GIRL TO ASSIST. MUST SLEEP
i home. Apply 12 Liberty st. : a. m. '
\\r ANTED— TWO ~ FIRST-CLASS 'SW E I) I S I
tt Norwegian or German girls to go to Napa who'
understand cooking. Call Wednesday and Thurs-
day, after 10 a. m., at 331 Guerrero st.
OONG AND DANCE GIRL FOR COUNTRY
0 during summer lo work in music hall. Call or
address ALBERT A. SMITH, 214 Third st. - .: .;, -■;;
1 ADIES TO LE ARN lIAI I.- DRESSING,
JJ beauty culture, etc. 131 Post St.. room 20.
\Y a'n'iKD— IN AMERICAN FA MIL V,
TT young girl of willing and cheerful disposition j
to do plain cooking and cleaning, with care of one !
child of 5: no chamberwork no ".-ashing or bak- I
ing; wages $10 and carfare monthly: pood home I
and kind treatment for a girl fond of children and
of lively disposition: references required. Address
MRS. T. V., box 136, Call Office. ■
AIRDRESaING, 26c A NT) 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10lessons.fl 50. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKEBS AND GIRLS TO LEARN i
quick method of cutting, fitting and flmsninx;
new styles patterns, 25c ud; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
-\Y r INCHEST>:-». HOUSE. 44 THIRD, NEAR i
TT Market— Electrk; lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $t> per
week: i-»e bus to and from tiie ferry. T --t,"
! Vf OST CONVKNTENT AND RESPECTABLE;"
_»1 Winchester House. 44 Thin! St.. near Market;
'-00 rooms; 25c to $1 60. per night; $1 ul) to $6 per
week: free bus to and trom the ferry. ..
PPRENTICES TO LEAJtN DRESS CUT- I
XV tingand making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
AAV HENCE PATTERN HoT SK-DRESS-
icntt school. 1231 Market st..r>et. Hth and 9:h.
MAj.l. : tl__l' to A: li:lt.
HEAD WAITBB FOB A SUMMER RESOBT.
C. R. HANSEN A i 0., 110 (Jeary st.
EADC OK, RESTAURANT, PASTRY
cook and baker, hotel, $60; vegetable cook,
first-clnss country hotel, $45; second cook, hotel,
city, $40. c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN QUARTZ-
mlners: 2 Italian miners; see parties here. C.
R. HANSEN- CO., 110 Geary st.
W ANTED— RANCH TEAMSTERS, $20:
.»T young Scandinavian for assistant jttnitor. $30
and room; 6 men to clear land, #1 day: vegetable
gardener, $26; boy t«> assist in garden, $10;. cook
and wife, .¥35 and f 40, and othe'B. Apply to J. F.
! CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\\rANTED— GERMAN WAITER, $35: KNG-
tt llsh groom, with references, $30: assistant I
pastry coo<, $20; dishwasher, $15, etc. LEON
ANDRE, -15 Stockton 3t.
ANTED — COLORED BELLBOY. $15; J
tt \vhee! aright, country shop, steady work. $50. ;
board and room. etc.. MARTIN'S Employment j
Agency. 749 Market st.
U" r AITKK 80Y,5:5 AXD room board.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. :
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS MAN TO TAKE
tt charge of crockery and stove department: :
i must unders business from A to Z; permanent '
position; $1500 per yenr to right party. Address
I F. M.. box 64, Call i.llice.
! T\RY-GOODS SALESMAN; ALSO A WINDOW- 1
XJ dresser, cal at once; also a competent saddle i
; maker. U. S. Industrial Agen.y, room 167, CrocKer ■
building.
TIIK POOR SUFFERING WITH ASTHMA, I
rheumatism, nervousness, sore eyes, etc.. treated !
this week free. . 1.07 Market st.
HE PAINTERS, $3 50 PER DAY: 10 PAPER- ■
_i«J hangers, $4 50 per day; steady work. 310 ,
i Sutter sU
AITER; A LSO DISH. WASH ER. park i
Hotel. 1830 Haighl st.
\\r an i D- EX PERI KNCED cloak OPER-
! TT a;orß. LOWENTHAL'S, 9 Stockton st.
OOD CAKPKNTFR TO WORK IN EX-
i vT change for room tind boa 922 I'osl st.
AILOR PRESSER WANTED. 12 MONT-
gon.ery st. . V .- - .
DRESSER ON COATS; STEADY WORK; |
JT good wages. 641 Market St.
TRONG BO i FOR . TAILOR SHOP. 54 1 I
0 Market st.
MEN TO GO NORTH FOR THE SUMMER. !
Call early this monim? 228 Pacific si. .
TAMALK-MAKERS WANTED. APPLY 532 j
1 Haves st.
■ T7l!'.sT-CLASS CUTTER WANTED. APPLY
j -T \V. F., box 126. Call Office.
OPERATOR WANTED ON GENTLEMEN'S
. coats. 834 Howard st. .
OOK, YOUNG MAN, FOR RESTAU-
rant; wages $30. . 1309 Castro st.
OY TO RUN GO RDON'T RKSSf HANCOCK
JJ BROS., 661 Market st.
1?OB SALE— CHEAP: ONE OF THE BEST 4
-T chairs transient barber-shops in the city. Aiv
ply Call Office.
BOY WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS TRI
ming cutting ou ladies' shoes. J. C. NOLAN _
j CO., 541 Market st. ■ V :
OY TO LEARN PRINTING. ADDRESS I
H. P., box 47. Call Offlce. .
MALL BOY WHO CAN MAKE HIMSELF
j k5 usejul; good home. Roddy's Hotel, Nebraska
and Twenty-sixth Stg. .'
OOK ON RANCH; DO CHORES AND MAKE
butter: wages *15. Cook, box 14, Call Offlce.
<_ 1 Kir- LA UN DP. V RO UT X ; GOOD SALARY
j <3>_cM/. to steady Swede. STRAND, 45 Third.
(_Orn pabVneb IN bestaurant;
! <J_.OU. clears $100 per mo. STRAND.4S Third.
! q a n . st ka iTy .MAN WANTKD as PART- ■
O' '"• rier In; genteel -. cash business: clears '
$75 per month each; ; no experience necessary;
i duties toserve customers. STRAND. 45Third su
I YEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
! -i-* 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
; strictest attention to morning calls; open all nigliu
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
ull grocers keep it. .' <•■'■"- , ; v-
! C(i(\ MEN lo GET A FINE, STYLISH, DUR-
| O\'\J able calf sho- to order, $2 50. 9.*>9 Uowar;!.
j \\J ANTKD-SEAMEN FOR EUROPE ; AND
''•South seas and other ports. 10 S:etiart st.,
I upstairs. ;■•" .; :•:•.-" ":;:. '• '.;■■. .;V.- '. : - •- . ■ . ■..;; -,: "-■■■-■.
j ANTED- FIRST-CLASS MEN TO : SOLICIT ,
j »T orders : for j custom-made suits at wholesale
! prices: city and country. E. H. LEVY, 118 Bush.
ATELLoW FRONT. 636. CLAY ST.; MEALS,
i with coffee or tea, 5 cents., ■'- ,': - •'•_■' •: .■ ; -;/ -Ys-
ARBERS, ATTENTION— LET, Al SHOP;
j 1J luw rent. 4U6 Cu^tro st , junc. Market ana 17th.
I ' ■■*■■■- ■ ■ . - ■ ' : -
HELP -Continued. i
rOR ATA^fTA^Tfii^BRITrBLTirETFvriTS
X 1 tons,' will leave san Francisco for. Cooks fniet ■
on Mareb 12, with passengers; each passenger al-
lowed ; 800 ..pounds baggage, including rowboat.
Information regarding mining will be given by a
practical miner who has i een there. For fur.her
particulars apply to FRED HOLMES, 606 Bat-
tery st. ■. • : ■■
EXPERIENCED SHOP-CUTTER ON CLOTH-
J-J ing; others need not appl}'. 20 Sansome st.
I>ANTH (DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR SALE;
-«-• anybody. fitted. - 518 Market st. ■■■
EST MEaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKKD; 8
courses, lUc, at >cattle Reslaurant.' 137 Fourth.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
■L^ 5c up: men's half soles, 40c 1003 Mission st.
4 N EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FUR A
-/v thorough business man, 25 to 30 years, with
small capital: must speak Spanish, giva first-class
reference and furnish bonds." Address N. A., box
108, Call Ofliee. •
W A TED-SEAMEN; ORDINARY AND
»» green hatids for deeivwater voyages, whaling.
Apply 117*Drumiu,* upstair* PETER McMAHON
MEN'S i/jj-SOLING 50o: LADIES' 40c; DONE
ITX while yuu wait. 638 Market, opn. Palace Hotel.
DO NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be (Jove by," and come and see: half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait: all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price: work
guaranteed. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second. i
W r ANTED— MEN AND LaTjTes TO LEARN
barb»r trade: only 8 weeks lequired; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays nnd Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber. School. 1515 Howard st.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, -*, SOME
■i*l nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARKERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retarr Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
L> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. c. Hamann, 238Va O'Farrell.
ELCHO HOUSE, ; 863Vfe MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 029 SACRAMENTO
»» st.; 200 rooms; best in the city sing.c rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
(Jj-J TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS:
tip large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
POSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
-Lt 20c to 50c night; glto $4 week: opeu night.
W A XTED-M KCHANTcsTcLERKS, LABOR-
'» ers tocall if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 sutler st.
V A N T D- LAEORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Bolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third «.: 15a
large room?: '25c per night; $1 to $S per week.
W INIHESI'ER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: ir»*e bus to and from I he ferry.
1 l\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J 'V and 20c a night. including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
eht IN" CIT »'— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, ao AND
25 cents per night; SI, $1 25, 91 60 p«r weaic j
I'm-ltic House .Commercial and Leldeadorff sta.
vy ANTED— mkn TO -t.ET bottle sharp
»' steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
IMtliE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X I also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
'PKY ACMK HOUSE, 9^7 .MARKET ST.. BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a nii;ht: f 1 a week.
WAN TED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
» » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
readlnr-room: dally papers. H6 Clay Bt. _^
AUENTi WAN X I>.
VGENTS— WE HAVB THE o n y MONEY-
-^V making noveliies for hard times: write or
call; our agents are all niakiD; money. Alumi-
num Novelty Co., 110 snt:er st.
FURSITUBB WAJiTEI)
UTaLON^K^P^AY^2O~FEir CENTT^JIORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
ASH PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
COB BCHWERDT, 821 Miss on. bet. 4th 'A sth.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
6econd-hand furniiiire and carpets by I.undy
Furnllnre Co.. HI 3 .Marker, st.: rail or send postai.
i;u..ais HA.tl'KO,
FtJBNISHEB BOOM FOR HOTJSEKKEPINO,
east of Tenth St. P.; box 18. Call.-g
BOARDING A>D BOOMB WANTKD. |
i^rNT^D^BoXRD^A^To^RCKm IN PRI-
» » vate famiiv by a single man: terms must be
moderate. Address EDWARD STEAN, box 101.
Call • 'ilice.
■\V.-.>'TKl>-3Ii^CKLLAN>-:OUS.
w~a7ct~t77 V: bu~y~"X~^^^^
I WANT TO BUY A SECOND-a.\NT> . 16-
-ball pool-table: prefers one that can be. turned
into a bliliard-table when desired. Address, price
asked, 8. J. LEGGETT, Yountville, Napa County,
Cal.
1 3 A"RY BUGGY IN GOOD CONDITION; MUST
I-> he cheap. H., box 151, I all office.
C* IiCOND-HAND 2-H. P. ENGINK: GASOLINE
P preferred.^ Address T. E.. box 50, this otlice.
Ur ANTED — JEWELER'S TOOLS; SECOND-
liand; viz.: 1 seat bench, rollers, drawbecch,
polishinc machine, etc.; state price. Address!'.
8., box 77, this oltice.
WANTED- YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
» » repairing: best woric at half the regular pric?.
ipKUSjS, wjitchmaker, 126 Kearny st.. tliirvl rioor.
KLL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
l~ elrv 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Si.xtli at.: yend postal.
LU9 I .
i^s^^N^mTß^r^F^rXmTTTTs^'Tior-
-J sion certificate, army Ac! June, No. '2V8,6'26;
Return to JOHN HAND, 1013 Twentieth st., bet.
Casiro and Collingwood. city.
T OST— BUNCH OF KEYS, IN NEIGH BOR-
Jj hood of Bush and Octavia sts. Findir return
toKPPINGf:R&CO., 311 California St.; suitable
reward.
O-T— diamond AND emerald RING.
Return owl Drugstore; reivard.]
-I OST— A GOLD CHAIN BRACELET WITH
J-i lock. Finder please return 543 Jessie (reward).
OLD CORNER i > R '.PURSE: INITIALS a"
J H. W. Return 661 Howard: reward-
T WHITK RlssiAN TERRIER; LONG
JJ wooll> hair: reward. 819 Treat aye.
TO-T — ENGLISH PUG DOG; NO COLLAR.
-LJ l.eturn to 311 Eddy St., receive reward.
fflj-l REWARD— LOSi MARCH 4. 3-STONF.
»g) I\J diamond rinc, goin? struight from 300
liiird st. 'o Pine St.: no queatio:is asked if re-
turned to 300 Third st. .
I OST, M a 11 2— MICROSCOPE AND CASE.
J Leav at Call otlice, Broadway, Oakland.
Large reward. ' * * ■'■ *
OST ALL COMFORT and pleasure by
Ij not getting my slio made to order by
GEO. lll'.YANr fir S5. 204 i ii-k" St.. near .lones.
DKNTISTS.
HONESTiWORKiiVJSBYAIiOWESTii PRICES. j
UK. HARIKWSTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1. j
LH'LL SET OF TEKTH, $7; WARRANTED
r tive years. DR. V. CAVaI.sKY. 24 sixth St.
ETOFTEKTII"WITHOUTA PLATE. DR. H.
n <.. Yiir.NH, 1811 *Po;k St. ■-*■■-
\\K. GEORGE W.LEKK. THJS GENUINE
XJ Leek ilentist, discoverer of palnlesi extract. on
and patentee of im rovea bndge work or teem
without a-iy plate, move.l from 6 to SO O' larrel! s'«
"1 Va7n"lK>S i . XTRAC'I lON. r.Oc; ' CROWN
i bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 «rp; 13 veari'
experle cc. ; R..U.WAL.-.H. D.D.3., 816% Geary.
I jR.II. ii. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
-1 ' work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 io 9.
RTLTfrCRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS, ;
crown work, brid"-» work and teeth without |
jihies a specialty. 103 »'eary st.. cor. »irant aye.
CROOMK DENTAij ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V ke:, bet. 3d and 4th, pus specialists; only reli-
sble agent lor painless extraction: artificial teeth
irm-ii.*.; liliir.gs tnn $1: extractina 60c. with gassl.
q> n" a" SET FO!l TKETH; WARBANTKD AS
CT • pood as can be made; filling $1. Dli. SIM.Ma,
denti.st, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
i\B. ltTdlum hill., 1443 market st..
1 ' near Eleventh: no charge tor extractin? when
plates are made: old. plates made over like new;
teeth troir. $8 j>er set: extracting s<ic-. gits given.
I OIiTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. tMlti MAX-
y J ketsu DR. KI.KS W. DKCKKR.
DR. J. .1. LEEK, MA RKKT. COR.*GOLDKN
Gate aye.— Open eveninev >un.lavs till noon.
LIT WORK R K A IXARLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. .1 . W. XXV U2tt Market at.
ATTOK.NKYS-AT-liAW. .
ADVICE FREE^bIVORCEIiAWS A S PEC
J\ alty; private: no charze unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wiiis, deeds, eic., at-
tended 10. G. W. HuWE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
J.N O L BN, ATTORNEY- AT- UW, 719
• Market st.: advice free. .
jTm u r ray, ATT'Y AND cou lo AT
• law: advice free. ; 24 sixth st.. rooms 14, 15.
W~W. DAVIDSON, I ATTORNEY^'i- LA W,i3a
» Camfornla «t.. rm«. 14-1S: advlc* fra*.
I'UOPOSALS. I '.i
PROPOSALS POB IMPBOVEM KNTS AT
scnoo houses— >e.i!cd proposals will be received
by the Superintendent of : Common Schools, in
open session of tbe Board of Kducatlon, new city
Hall, on Wednesday, March '25, 18»6,at 8:30 p M.,
for the construe. ion of water-closets, outbuildings
and bulkhead at the Longfellow Primary and Rin-
con Grammar schools, lit : tfie De.nman Grammar
School and at the Cooper Primary School, in the
City and Coun yof San Kra cisco, in accordance
with plans - and specifications at the olHce of
Charles I. Havens, architect of the board, room 55,
Flo:>d building, corner Fourh and Mar:;e: sts. -
The bo:irn reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public gool may -require. .'■< :
' CiEOKGE bea.nstoN. Secretary.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOV^D^n7R77TT ; r6'I)ONNELL TO '1206
Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty, y
R. A.dk LUCIS.PH YSICN-SUBG
Unlv«-fAitv Turi 11. Italy. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
HKWINti MACHINKS.
:V LL KINDS BOUGHT,; SOLD, EXCHANGED;
-tl reuted,' repaired; lowest rules."; '205 Fourth at.
■ ■ ■ - r ■-■
; PEKSOSAM. ;*
I'^^T^lDT^M^CTS^Filir^YE^F M AGGI E
i A O'CONNOR, late of Baldwin Holel, please ad-
dress A., box 1, Call Ofliee. .
ri ENTi.EMAN OF SOME MEANS GOING
V.T East wishes - acquaintance of a v respectable
maid or young widow of some means ' not over SB:
object matrimony, Address for 3 days, W. G., Call
Brunch OlHce, 116 Ninth st.
Ul I)( >W I : X WISHES TO MAKE ACQUAINT-
» » an c of lady over 35 years of age; object mat-
rimony. Address F., box 73, this ofliee.
QAN FRANCISCO, MARCH 9, 1896.— HAVING
0 no further, connection wttU Albert Schutes,' I
will not be responsible for his actions. J. A.
SCHALICH.
TNFORMATION WANTED OF SAMUEL J.
1 PURSGLOVE. 1870 or 1371 at 1-21 Berry St..
Sun Francisco; 187 d said to have gone to White
Plains. Address MHS. L. FAURIE, 2112 bt.
Claude St., New Orleans. La,
AN FRANCISCO. MARCH 8, 1896— MY WIFE
MARY LAVINIA having left my bed and
board without provocation, I hereby caution the
public I will not be responsible for debts contracted
by her from this date. J.VU. J. COLEMAN.
VlcE CURLY HEAD BOY, 4 YEARS OLD,
i-* for adoption. Address MRS. RYDER, 714 Pe-
raltast., iiakiimi.
AYE YOU LETTERS SHOWING YOU ARE
entitled to money in England and want
money? 214 Post st.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
■A- cialty; prlvatei no charge unless successful; all
law suits. claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. UOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
COME TO MY HAIR-DKESBING PARLORS
Vj once and you will come again, the prices are
so moderate and the work so thorough; 2.'; c for
hair-dressing, includes waving and enameling the
face. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
1 i iriA CARDS, 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
JL \l\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
B. L. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER^
• ful: ruph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. R. JACKS, agent, 214 Braunan.
OUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENTLY RE-
-0 moved from face or limbs without injury Dy
MME. WAMBOLD; consult free. 116 V Fulton.
jyiCi OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-L) ry nl|tht cor. Market and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
advertisements in living li-rht; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
TADIE3' HAI COLORING GUARANTEED;
J-i superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. K. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
1/OR FINE Pol 1.1 AMJ GAME GO TO A.
■ J STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PANTS DRU M M ERS- ~~ SAM PLES) FOR
J sale; anybody fitted. 518 Market st. ■
AKI'L\OI'ON'« SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
JT and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenin?
classes: instructors, .1. H. K. Partlngton. Gertrude
I'artington.R.L Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
RS. STEWART, MANICURE AND CHlROP-
odist: 50c and aud $1. 120 1/2 Geary st.. r. 10.
"DAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND^
JLt ing new edge on razor, 25c; razor concave.l,
50c: razor honing and setting, 2. r >c; first-class
work. Razor Exchange, 630 Market St.
*uo\ rtir-DH, MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
OF^rrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
<a»l A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<Ipl floor. '206 Leaven worth s'.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURIfS
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDcr-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
ADDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
x\. become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay st., 8, F. __^
IjOURCJUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER:
»J instani relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st..
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
chester Hous", 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to *6por
w«?ek: free bus to and from the ferry.
llililtAli ADVANCfc-SON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-i elry, etc.: lowest rates. 94S Market st.
p LOA KS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ infra' cost. Fac:orr. '20 Sansomc at., npnalrv
OLD GOLD, MLVER. G E N AND LADIES
' ' rlothlng hoi;'-T. * I'OI.MAN. 41 Third st.
JJii.-SSji AX l:;it -..
KEMOVED— BRADLEY, TO TAYLOR ST.
Elegant stylish suits $5 up: dresses made over,
ISS'K. GIBSON, DESIGNER. AND COS-
tumer, just arrived from London, Eng.: lafst
styles and perfect tit guaranteed. IH'-'2V Hushst.
LiilCa . . u.\AL
Tkik^leeTmlvg^sT^hooll qFaTiFYING
pupils to fill positions; 6 weeks. 5 Stockton
si., room 2.
TTOICE BUILDING. pantomime and act-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary S.
TOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. •
A YRES, THR LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
■i\- lege; Individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
clay and evening 326 Montgomery st.
RS. MELVJLLE ISNYDER, STUDIO 514
; Sntter; teacher vocal music (Italian methofl),
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classt s; dancing.
IJRo"fTsSOR G. MANS F I EL I TEACH OF
JL violin, Ktiitsr. mandoline, bnn.io. 1707 Market.
/ i IITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND Vut'Al,
VJT lessons;s3 mo. MARY Wi:sTIIAUS, 39 Fifth.-
I) ANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 50c PER LES-
I 'son: music furnished. 125 Tenth hi.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
or class: moderue. MISS DILLON. 3U5 Larkin.
f^LOCtTIoN— DRAMA, DKLSARTE. PHYSI-"
-J cal ' culture, voice culture. OLIVE IIOFF
SCHBOE D K R. 299 Hyde St.: call after 1 p. m.
TNDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION IiOOKKEEP-
J. ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College 723 Mark-t.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTIN G^
I) Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, i'th and Mkt.
SCUOOI» ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay: estab..'64. VAN PKB NAIL. .EN, 723 Mkt.
\7 lOLIN, MANDOLIN. GUITAR. CORN
V tnucht. Prof. 1.. Ml'.RKf. ! 26 G*>arv TPMnnable
"^"panTsh", ~fTTench , GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Langunui-s, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POS f ST.
Bookkeeping, busineu pruciice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taogbt. Write tor catalogue.
IGHT"«CHOOL;»riiALL' 15 i...->. v;i .LLJ-.i. E:2l
j- ' PostM-ommerciw'. shorthand. Enalish; low ra'»»
JOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJU: RKA-
V eonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045 i' Valencia.
i 'HKMIvrRY A.n D ASSAYING. (JUNNINU-
' ■ ininv'a splioo'. ■ •■- >;.'wr- ■«■■ ! rowel! sis.
t'LAlii\ <)\ A.N V>.
£(\C AND ?K~~" ~~SOc~XNITiL
UU PROFESSOR r.EOV.
533 POST. BT.-.w ; '. : -iV:i*
Wonderful power to tell p;.s;. present and future;
advire on all afl'ars: rMnovesevil Inflbeacra; let-
ters with stHnn* answered: hours. 9 a. m. to Sp. m.
pROF. Z.»NzTc, iliE 7 ~^TITTE~M All AT MA
1- palmist and clnirvoyant medium, SI 9 Elite
St.. tella post, present i.ii'l fotOR events with ut-
most truth; sitlincs: lf.dies sl'c, gents $1
KEMEMBF.K THE skkhkss of THE AG
gUARLIGHT, parlor 6, 116 a (inun aye.
,\j ME. LKG TIK: PKESKNT. PAST AND F'U-
i'l tnre; 26c 311 Tehama St., upstairs.
ME. AIORKAU. B'3T MEDJUM: RKVKALS
1 as;, prvsentn.-id future:2sc up.761 Howards:.
M" ME. ARNDT, BKKT FORTUNE TKLi.ER t.\*
tbe world: 50c »nd 4*l, shows you ihe picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, oor.Market
MME. POKTEICcARD- IiEADKR; T.-LLS
past, prrsent. future: ladies 50c. gents 91;
palmistry, > lairvoyanl, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk s:.
ME. SYUILLE — LIFE-READER: PAST.
present, future; charms; fee 50c. 914 O'Farn-ll
M~~"~r's. P,. BAUMAN. THK 111 NOWNKD ME-
.card-reader.' 1 Si* Turk st.
MME. STEWART THK GRBATEBT CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world; seventh
diiugn l»-r; lihs read cards .sine-' 11 ye^rs of vi';aml
mining, lawsuits -and - nnirriiice: ladles or gents
50c. 917 Market si., pr.rlor.4 3 und 4.
\J ME. RA VENA OF 828 HOWARD ST. AN-
I'l nounceH to her patrons removal to 5 Fourth, r.
Sand 4: sittings daily; tips race.s; names given: 25c.
? A. I ME/dr", THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i'I er by eegs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exceptec; names given; nood advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
poaslbie; fee i!=l : letter $2. 929 Post'st.; nr. l^irkin.
si'imrtJ.»i.iSM. ~
ADDIE SWAIN, M E DIUM. HANN BLOCk"
Berkelej:, >at. and Sun.; until then 227 Geary.
~ ~- A A
A , PROF. VAN DE VERK.
' A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pi tance. '' - : . ■ . \ ■
If you would know wha the future holds for
you call witnout delay. Advice on al! matters.
PROF. VAN DE VERJK.
. 1646 Market gt.
ECZEMA. RHEUM A.TISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on b»ld heads, and other chronic diseases
treaiea oy. W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market St., r. 2.
G-^YPS V MEDIUM -SITTIN(JS Da ILY " (SUN-
davs include!): 25c. 946 MUsion: hours 10 to 9.
MRJ.J HULTHEN.CLAIRVOYANT,TRANCE
medium, mineral psychouietrist. 1007 Market.
VI RS. SEA L. MEDIUM: Sll TINOS; TOBACCO
i'l habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured- dis-
eases of women cured; hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6tU, rm. 8.
RS. J.J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
T'lin- medinri! ■ slitincs $1. 21S Stockton st.
* '■ v ; * "..- »TOKAUJB\-.*..v.*;..; '
TH. ; . 722 MISSION— StThTaGbTaT
• reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, '- PIANOS, ETC
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 731 and 753 Maricetst.-:
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
-tnre, etc. SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market. *
\ MERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR
-fV ket: storage at lowest rates." 'Phone Mint 32.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE-"
_ liold goods, etc J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market sc.
\Y ILSON ; BROTHEItS. 1710 MARKET-
• » Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
mOBUYrSELIToR^EXCH A A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see STRAND & CO 45 Third st.
ip;a CORNER GROCERY and b a r :
<Jt>4oU. offer wanted. STRAND & CO., 45
Third st.
(UI'A CIGAR STAND AND LAUNDRY
«T) IOU. office: bargain if sold this week: owner
going to Alaska. . STRA NP CO., 45 Third at.
<_..-) 7 SALOON MEN, ATTENTION - SA-
«J)_I U. loon: No. 1 loiation; pays well; full
value in sight; great bargain. STRAND & CO..
45 'Third at.
acca RESTAURANT: AMONG WHOLE-
*S)OO\r. sale houses: near Market St.; day trade;
clears $100 to $150 per month: great bargain on
account of departure. S 1 RAND & CO.. 45 Third.
<_> Q 7 JV *"R IT.VTORE : 3 LIVING-ROOMS:
«IpO I O. clear3s7s per month: no opposition;
cheap rent: bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
ai. Cif\(\ LIQUOR - STORE; TRANSFER
<JpJLUUU. corner; full value in stock, etc.;
large trade; 4 rooms. STRAND A CO., 46 Third.
_»9flA. RESTAURANT ON THIRD ST.. Nl'..
«JpOUl.'. Market: pays well. STRAND, 45 Third.
I ■ ©OP C\f\ GROCERYIN BERKELEY.HOUsE
»J} — UUU. and lot included. STRAND, 45 Third.
flfl AAA RESTAURANT: EXCELLENT lo-
•irllH'U. cation: trade of $35 per day: clears
$100 per month. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
C_/'AA SALOON AND RESTAURANT:
»_IUUU. transfer corner; receipts $20 per day:
well fltted-np: full value; cleais $150 per month:
1 a positive bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third St.
j C»7?; A SALOON; OLD ESTABLISHED COR-
<t_n • «JU. ner; steady paying business; well fitted
! up: long lease; reasonable rent: owner leaving
city; full value. Apply STRAND* CO.. 45 Third.
m>7'A BAKERY, 4 ROOMS; ALL STORE
I «Jp I O\J. trade; cheap rent: lease: clears $75 a
j month; bargain. STRAND <&. CO., 45 Third st.
W" ANTED— A NUMBER OF VARIOUS KINDS
of business, for which- I have cash buyers, for
quick sales. STANLEY, 21 Vi Third st.
"I ii(\ BRANCH BAKERY: GREAT BAR-
<Jp_LIM'. gain: sickness cause of selling. STAN-
LEY, 21i/fe Third st. ___^___
C_l c A STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
«Ir-L«^U. tion store: stock worth $200: splendid
! chance for small investment. STANLEY, 2iy 3
Third st. _J
I <Bil ~(\ LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
i «flj-LUU. 2years: easily managed; good living;
suitable 2 ladlei or man and \\ He. STANLEY,
21 1/ 2 Third st. _______
d_9^n SALOON; CHEAP: GOOD STOCK
»iP^j<Jv. and fixtures ; good location. HEGARTY,
; 850 Market st. \ _
j Agents" WANTED FOR good SELLER.
j J% HEIi ARTY, 850 Market St., room 10.
<_ ifiA SAMPLE-ROOM ON MARKET st.,
I •i?'±' 'I', close to Baldwin Hotel; rent $60: fonr
■ years' lease: to be sacrificed: owner going East.
Call 533 California St., Phu>nix bar.
I <£tttZ.(i CORNER SALOON. WITH CIGAR-
»]T)U«JU. store: magnificently fitted up: hand-
some clubroom; old-established: popular place;
! receipts average $20 daily; satisfactory reasons
for selling. STENRERG & CO.. 632 Market st.
■ ©9mmii PARTNER IN PLUMBING AND
! <3>i_UU"..g a8 U | nX business: full line steel and
I castiron ranges, laundry stoves and broilers: in-
voice $6000: established *0 years. STENBERG
j <fc CO., 632 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
ARTNER WAN TE D- WHOLESALE, RE-
tail fish and oyster business: located in most
: popular and well-known market In city: large
; first-class trade; establishi-d 30 years. STEN-
j BERG & 0., 632 Market st.
j <J_O- A HALF INT ST RESTAURANT
*$>4UO\J. and oyster- house; best- location; Mar-
■ ket St., rear City Hall: well fltted-up place; nres-
| ent o« n<r intends running place day and ni«ht
I and prefers partner to hired help. STENBERG
I & CO., 632 Market st.
j SJ_ 'I 7 - BBANCH BAKEBY. NOTIOXS;
; <_)X'l ♦). near 2 schools: 3 living-rooms; low rent:
,Al trade: great uargain. STENBERG & CO.,
! 632 Market st.
G» IXA CORNER SALOON; HANDSOME
i«)"'. plnce; superb bar fixtures; fine paint-
ings, cash register, safe. etc. : positively more than
value in sight; investigat on afforded. STEN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market st. '
"VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINKSS
i-> promptly for cash. HEALY &CO., 23 Kearny
I GJXAA STATIONERY, SCHOOLBOOKS.
O'J ■ " '•candy, has exclusive trade of school near
store: rooms: full value. HEALY. 23 Ke.\rny st.
\ dJ»OKfI PARTNER WANTED— AI CASH
! _.«JU. business, clearing to ench $75 per
1 month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
! hours each day to rlusiness. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
ARGAINS TO-DAY— KLEOANT LIQUOR SA-
loon near Market and Powell sts., 2 entrances:
I downtown sal«>on and lunchhouse, $150: commis-
| sioii and produce house, shorl distance from San
! I' ranclsco: groc Ties, liquors and shipping supplies,
I city front: partner in saloon, $175. Apply W. F.
i HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearnv st.
\\ A NTE D— s2so- I' A.: . Ni.K 1 hr.,v..
*' tate business; splendid chance; guarantees7s
j per mon hi>rolit; opposite ferry? b. CURRAN,
j 1!23 Knst s:.
Cj j ill j Fii.»T- CLASS SAMPLE- ROOM,
; ♦U 1 L I Uu. with large patronage; near Examiner
Office: ov.ner 30 years in business: wants to retire:
rare chance. Call 533 Caliiornlii a:., Phnrmx bar.
1 (STl I A A BK A XCK BAKERY; " CENTRAL;
•^ll '17. north of Market. BARRETT & CO.,
'■ 921 Market s:.
j *|.7' RRANCH BAKERY; 4 FINELY
! »iT I I «J..furnlshPd rooms; receipts *4 to $6 a
: day: rent $14. BARRETT & sKIF. , 92t Market.
1?OR SALE— STOCK AND FIXTURES OF
branch bakery. confectionery, notions, etc: 2
I living-rooms: rent low; good location: bargain;
I price .*9.'.. Apply J. P. JOHNSTON & CO., 872
i I'.rondway, Oakland. ■ •
$!j'Tr;/Y cornkr GROCERY AND iTaR
. <|P 4 «Jv/. with living-rooms: rood bartrade: cash
j custom; low rent: in very best location: rare
\ cliance. 'Particulars 533 California st.. Phcenixbar,
I? OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY AXD BTA-
-l tionery store; chenp. 326 Ninth >t.
T>ARTNER WITH $1000 TO TAKE INTER-
J est in placer location: strictest investigation al-
lowed. Address Partner, box 101, this office.
Al r f\f\fl THF. LARGEST AND BEST-
'•■ 1 »J.Ul t\t . paying beercrottoand rantauraiu;
! <ream of trade: monthly t)roH;s of $1000 guarnn-
' teed: books open for inspection. Address S. G.,
I WILKE, 11 48 s utter st.
| DRKIS II BATiniOUSE FOR SALE OR
! JL lease to right parties: a fine Turkish bath plant.
, situated In the heart of the city of Spokane: the
1 only house of t.'.e kind in the city; the same now
: ('.oiiig a tine business with bright prospects. For
I particulars address A. A. BRACKA, 307 Hyde
; block, Spokane.' Wash.
1>"OR s A I CHEAP; FIRST-CLASS SALOON;
I F fine cash register, safe and rooms: must be sold
! this week: cause sickness. Call 209 Ellis st. -
ACHINE-SHOP FOR SALE, IN GOOD RUN-
nintr order and wlch fine trade; cheap for cash,
era lortion can stond if secured. Address L. M.,
I l.ox 152, Call ollice.
DELI c \ ( V store AT bargain: OWNER
is ie;ivi city; good location; nice rooms. 305
j Leavenworth M, ' .
! BA X 1 R V AND GROCERY; 2 NICE ROOMS;
good neighbor; low rent. Apply 555 Folsom.
, m»i Of\ RESTAURANT FOR SALE. IS-
UU. 'quire 706 California st. '
IO R S E-(5 R OC K R V AND HOME BAKE RYI
Fa bargain. Geary st.
V "v.uNER . BROCERY AND BAR: CHEAP;
! \J ownt-r going away. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
1 Ai)QC NICK. PAYING HESTAURANT: RE-
I — O«J. celpts $16 day low rent. 402i^Geary.
"m. I .".A fTS^T-CLASS RESTAURANT AND
I «Jp"ic)v". oyster pace: everything new; best lo-
I cation in tne city;* low rent : no trlflera need an-
swer. Address R. R., box 147, Call Otiice.
j <_ iQX ■ RESTAURANT; JUST THE PLACE
1 fV^l^Jt). for man and uife: well established; re-
> ceipts daily $ 0 to $'J5; : full investigation allowed
I for one week: rent only $25. paid up until the 10th
tof April. 513 Jones St., near Geary.
1 <tt9^n PARTNER WANTED FO * WOOD
1 <J?._tJU. and coal yard; must understand read-
, ing and writing; can clear $75 a month. Call 810
i Sixth st.
I "L^oTTsALE— SALOON; ONE OF THE BEST IN
j JC San Francisco: location and fixtures Al: sell-
I ing on ai-count of leaving city. Call on W. D.
UK nDBICKSAN, 120 Sutter st.
I>APEH-FLOWER STUllf.; S .±SL> _TX-
tures for sale cneap. 625 Taylor st.
j dtTtAli DOWNTOWN -BA.LOON: GOOD LO-
-1 cation; day business. . Ci 1! Oflice.
j fijOAll SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE. 1N-
; tlp_.U' '. quire 49 Stevenson st.
! \\, anted-intelligent MAN, with
»' $1000, 10 s art a new smokeless powdermill.
Address H. A., box 23, this office. ,
I ARTNEK. GOOD BUSINKSS; YOUNG MAX
I X preferred; furniture and storage. 414McAllis-
I ter st. ■ .
\\' ELL- PAY DOWNTOWN RESTAU-
i »' rant with 20 rooms for sale cheap,' ou account
:o( other business; also good saloon. Inquire
I LAM LE <fc CO t , -65 Third St. .: --' ;
I SA LOON FOR SALE". APPLY AT ANCHOR
! O Brewery. 1431 I'acific st.
I <s_^n,O, STATIONERY. CANDY. ICECREAM
tsO\J\J. pnrlor, with stock of cigars and tobacco;
leantitnlly fitted up: stock and fixtures worth
more than the money. 'Apply this office.
AKERY, CANDY. CIGARS AND LAUNDRY
office; bargain: HvliiK-rooms;. low rents- no
agents.' Inquire Call Oflice. ' '. ;;.-•;
I q^QCA RESTAURANT; WfJLT ESTAB-
»4pOU\J. lished; gooi s'eadv trude; - evervthinz
i in good running order; sure targain. 126 Ninth.
' <2»9AA t'iGAirsTORE-iioob locatTon-
<iD^W' bargain. Inquire 131 Montgomery aye!
I? IN E HOTEL FOR RENT CHEAP; 12 SUN~
X nyslde. City. Apply G. H. UMBSEX & CO..
14 Montgomery st. •
SMALL FIRST-CLASS DAY"saLOOX- GOOD
O reasons for sale. ; Inquire frultstore. Bush and
Dupont sis.; call 10 to i 2, 3 to 4 p. m. :Z -;.
I "POB SALE-MY I!E>TAURA> T: *T HAVE
I r other business. 1416 Howard or 2881 Sixteenth!
V«OR S A LK-COR X ER GROCERY AND BAR
-I with 6 living-rooms upstairs; rent cheap- gooi
trade. Aptly at 201-203 Market st. .^ - ■ " ■ S
L>ARGAIX; RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION-
i» good business; investigate this. LYNCH, 935
LEX DID BUSIN. SS OPPORTUNITY FOR
O alive man: grocery Bn bar for sale.cheapTs
J lvlnßMrooms: rent only $20: reasons? P ply
this office; principals only. •«.., Apply
rrsivKW . CHANCKS— Contlnn«_U__
1"^OR " SALE~OR~EXCfI ANGE— COBNEBSA-
' loon- established for years; finely fitted up and
box 6, call Otiice. -
OR SALE^GROCERY AND BAR. 721 POLK
C street. v>j ■ .^
rT^Tp-' SALOON; GuOD LOCATION: RARE
S chance^ee this.' LYNCH. »35 Market st._ _
TTu-TC;H'EITsiIb>T"cHEAP: ON ACCOUNT
1) of -iCKness. Howard st.
pKOCERYiNDBTR: i ORSE AND XV A- ON;
IT 3 years' lease: no opposition. Apply Call.or-
nla Brewery. Douglas and Diamond
IPIBBT-CLABS SALOON; CHEAP ; F I N
X cash register, safe and private rooms. -209 Ellis.
0 MALL MORNING AND EVENING ROUTES,
S daiU papers A P . 6to 7 p.m., 1713 a Buchanan.
_»^AAA INTERIOR AGENCY OF* THIS
OUU 0 . paper lor sale. Inquire at thU office.
W ANTED^TEN ANT FOR Tlllf-M'-M AUOS
» House in Holiis'.er: very favorable lease to
right party: furniture, carpets and , t l xl " n "',, a^
pric«. Apply to THOMAS McMAUON, b2B Mar-
ket st. ____^ _^__
TO WA(JON-MAKERS-WANTED PARTNER
1 in old-established shop in thla city; first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. O. 8., box 11U,
Call. .
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH:
1 Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only. _
\\rANTED TO BUY A GOOD BUSINESS 410
■II Kearny St., room 6. • _^__^_
_,ODti«xti-_oiis_:'"» fOX MX.
ATOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR sale
IN from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
CORNER HOUSE $5000
DU 40 rooms, clearing $150 per month.... 40 >
21 rooms on Eddy street, only -,n?n
19 rooms on Sinter street, payments ..... 1^ w
16 rooms on Taylor street,.. «I ,JJ
4.=« rooms on Market st... inn
12 rooms new and good on Mission 6 "O
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opposite Fifth st.
OA-ROOM HODSE; CLEARING $100; FINE
-SU location. DECKER. 10.0 Market St.
0>O l 10-ROOM HOUSE ON. SIXTH |ST.
«Jp_j_;t>. DECKEB, 1020 Market st.
"fl_?: ' A CORNER HOUSE, 20 ROOMS. AL-
tJpUUU. ways full, clearing $50 month: 12
rooms, fine location: 36 rooms, only f750: 8)
rooms, clearing $200 month. $2800. HEALY &
CO., 23 Kearny st.
<_ \l\f\ P.aITgAIN: 12 ROOMS; HOU
tIBiUU. finely furnished; central location;
clearing $40 month: rent $40. BARRETT &
bKIFF, 921 Market St.
({!.'>- nrT*°" HOUSE, CLEARING $150
»IpD«.JUv/. to $200 per month: low rent; every-
thing complete for notel; bargain seldom met with;
investigate. BARRETT & SKI 921 Market at.
CjOAAA HOTEL FOR SALE; 2-STORY
tJ)_UUU. building; new furniture; 22 rooms;
fine bar; 11 ! years' lease; ground rent $15 month;
18 steady borders; 25c fare to city. COITOX,
906 Market st.
<2_Q/lfl C ZY 9-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE;
»IPOt:U. tine transient location. Apply 402y_
Geary s:. .
T3OOM ING-HOUSE: 22 ROOMS; CHEAP FOR
JLV cash; no exchange; clears $126 month: can be
investigated; no agents. L. H., box 8, Call oflice.
<rr, 7AA ON ACCOUNT OF oTIIER BUSI-
i UU. ness: 45 rooms; ciearins $100 per
month; $600 cash, Dalance installments. 115 Sec-
ond st. •_'■-■'
ARGAIN; $800: 26 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms: fine location on Market st. : departure.
J<pply Call. __ j
I fli.9-n HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
<3j OOxl. newly furnished. 35 Taylor st.
lf Ol)M FUKN ISHKIi ROOMING-HOUSE;
1 U all full. Call 1537 Mission st.
QAQ FOURTH— HOUSE: WELL LIGHT-
OUOed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI. Sl7 Washington s:.
!-<.•»... i .i-. i<>;. »Aili,
H ? ~GTKB^SKTrTreB^IT < U^RE*^!NS~BfcD^
m ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: st>-p-iad-
ders,2Uq per step; furniture exchged. 779Missioi. .
yURXITURE OF 8 0 0 BE OF 8 ROOMS FOR
X I sale. 913 Howard st.
IRE SALE : '
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets flB 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves , 7 50
Carpets, yard ' 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
A(U\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
tA/1/ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: loldlng-beds,
$10; bed- ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ...*7*»
uedloiinges trimmed with plush $5 50
1 Brussels Carpet, laid 45c ap
! Enelisli Linoleum, laid , 40cup
j Window shades in ocolors TWSC up
1 SHIREK it SHIREK, 747 Market nt.. o^iosite
Grant avenue; no branch aiores. t I
- L'Atit'-i' ti...A.Si.\(i. )
/-Treat \veste r>Ts 'team' CAirpE-r'BEXTC
VJ ing works; latest improved machinery. 3i- yard.
G. GEORGE.oftice 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
ARPETS CLEANED, 8c PKB YARD; HE-
KJ laid. 5c per yard. S. STRATTOX, 18 Eighth.
ITY SI A M CARPET CLEANING, RENOVA-
tinc. 38 Bth. STEVENS, m;:r. Tel. .-outh 250.
pARPETS CLKA NKI) AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON <_ CO., 23 Tenth; teU
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <fe CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7_
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. .453 Stevenson: te.l. south 223.
TVTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
1> yating Works HAMPTON«tBAILLY; layin?
»nrt alterlns:. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission -JH.
lITHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH:
"» poor wor_ eend to SPA ULDING'S PloneerCar-
ret Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
/ IONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORK_ JM
\ I ijoldfn tiate itvp. : telonhone easr 12& ■ .
HOKSJSS.
FOR SALE— GOOD STRONG BUSIN E S S
buggy, harness and good centle horse: reason-
able. Call for 3 days, bet. 10 and 11, California
j Horse Repository, 510 Van Ness aye.
SALE OR EXCHANGE— YOUNG, GENTLK
mare, with good business buggy; harness. 4_
McAllister s:. - .
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
•Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 6:-!0 Commercial s 1 . .
IST-CLASS I'A»I'UKAU_: l'i,t,.\ , 1 .. . v t
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 .Market st.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
_ Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
I 1 C A SETS new A.ND SECOND-HANI) HAR-
-I*J\j ness: all kinds; wasons, bugeies, horses ani
6craper»: sand-wasons. 1128 Mission st.
rTc. h. WESTPIIAL. VETERINARY sur-
j,eon for S. F. Police Depar'nient. OiJice ani
hospital, 121 City Hail aye.: telephone south 4(U.
A A HOBBKS -FOR SALE; ALSO WAGON 1
I _.l/ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arciid» Hen*
; Market. 327 Sixth st. -, auction sales every W^'ner
cay. SfLLIVAX <fe IKjYLE, Auctioneers
1(1(1 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AL_
X\jyj kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*;
igo 20 chean horses. Kitieenia and Valencia sty
WA\.O.% A..-«_» ;■ tAun.AUIiS. "
FOR SALE-^A~6-SEATED EXTE!WION-TOP
rockaway. as good as new; cost $6." 0; will bo
sold cheap. ■ Also top pole buggy; cost $300; wl.l
be sold for $100. Apply, forenoon, NE. cor.
Broadway and Goiigh; entrance star>le on Oough.
FOB >AL_- -UlaCt.l.i;A>_.OiJSi ~
ICYt-LK ALMOST NEW, 1)5 FOWLER;
strongest and best wheel made:, perfect condi-
tion; ■ bargain. Apply Cash, box 100, Call Otiice.
FALC ON BICYCLE— IB9S MODELj GOO D
J: condition. 65 First st.
ARGE ' WATCH DOG (FEMALE) ITABLE
for store, etc., cheap. 819 A'abama st.
G" OOD INCUBATOR FOR 500 EGGS FO
sale cheap. Address 1113 Nebrasku st.
FOR SALE CHEAP: BUSINESS BUGGY ;
almost new. 220 Thirteenth si., r,r. Howard.
ROCK Y AND BAB FOR SALE, INCLUD^
VT ing building with lease. Apply on premises,
■ 220 Kast st. .
TMPROVKD RELIABLE INCUBATOR: 200
•* eggs; thoroughly tested: almost new. 1324 Pine.
MEW; WALL TEXT, 10x10. GOOD CONDI~
— V tion, very cheap. T205|l aguna st.
"p OOD DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE, WITH
VJV all "attachments, for sale reasonable at 818
Treat aye. .
QUANTITY NEW AND SECOND-HAND
_»afeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st.
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS. BEST STOMACH
' bitters in market : huy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city. Oak-
land, Alamed a.'; PUTZMAN & SCHUBMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: , phone red 391.
hU I L bTNGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
L) AC K ITH - SHOP OUTFIT. FORGE
steam pump, boil erAenttine; cheap. 516 Mission
BUY '.YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
. tan furniture at the factory and save middle- "
man's profit; we will treat you "right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KINO'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth si.
NE;SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZ_
hre and burglar proof safe. 1 03. 11l Market at.
(."'IRE AND .BURGLAR SAFf., L ETT E
-T press, platform gcales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
\TEW KANGEB CHEAPER THAN SEC'ONI>
i> hand. *V r . S. RAY Mfst Co.. 12 California s~
C\OVti TER S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
-' bought »nd Bold 1121MiMarket beu 7t_*ndS>li
- :.;; ' • TO LKASE,
O^EA^^UrrXFLE FOIOIILK RANCH:
X barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; bath. 1613
Marketst.BOVStt TO r,ET.
SUNNY HOUSE OF^^R^OMT^X^BATfIT:
hot and cold water: stable privilege; electric
pass door; only $15. Apply 927 Brannan St., near
.Mutn.
\ PPRK.CIATED IF SEEN; 8291 2 SUTTER
-£>- St., nr. Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
*/AQ FIFTH-9 ROOMS, BATH; REASON-
—vO able. P. WHITNEY. 1201 Webster st. '.
OAf* LEAVENWORTH, NEAR SUTTER— IO
UVJU sunny rooms and bath; 1 month's rent free.
1 70.7 JONES ST.— 4 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
x • Ul $15; near Broadway.: _^_^^
DTYLISH MOiJERN^IToUSE, 3022 CLAY—
O 9 rooms, bath,' garden, etc. Cali on BALD-
WIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. -
Q9H HOUSE 9 ROOMS; FOR IOR 2 I'AM-
<P_.U. ilies. 630 Webster st.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD;
rent $15. 147 Valencia st. ■
QT^ VKMH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
<£>xO. 30 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534JA
California st. -
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISfYeD; PAPA
contented: house rented' from BALDWIN «fc
11AMM0N D. 10 Montgomery s'. 1 t ; v r
FIHMSIiKI) HOISKS.
EL. PARLOR FLOOR, FURX. OR UNFURN.:
J adults or doctor: tlat 4 rooms: refs. 203 Taylor.
COITAGKS TO LET.
 1 1 M■ W C^TtXg^sT'b > A^WiNDOWsT4"
0 L-L. rooms. Point Lobos aye. and Collins st.
Ql I ?Ti\ s.M aLL COTTAGE, 3 TAY ST.,
•_ 1 L.tJ' 1 . near cor. Clay and Powell.
C UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
0 large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Delores.
FLATS TO x.Ki. •" •
1, . 1IIl; X K-R( >OM KLa't'."T23S"mISSION
rl.' l st.. near Ninth.
\- X W FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH, WAT-R
_> free, $12. 529 Ivy aye.
9 FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS; 812 AND 812Va
_. Jessie nr. Ninth: $12 and $14: key at grocery.
9A-7-209 WEBSTER— SUNNY. FLATS OF 6
—\J 1 and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rent
. reasonable.
<£;9A, FINE UPPER FLAT 8 RO.'MS AND
<it-"« bath. 1029 Valencia, near Twenty-first.
<s>l (* UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS. 106 MORRTs
•_ 1 aye., near Sixth and Bryant sts.
VTICE SUNNY' FLAT OF 5 ROOMS, IN GOOD
-1 order: rent $12 50. 224V4 O'Farrell st.
<|A SUNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. ISIS GROVE
-L". St., near Lyon, Golden (iat-> Park.
"I 190 MCALLISTER ST.— UPPER FLAT:
11-t) moderu; 7 rooms and bath; $30. G. H.
1 BBEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
"VTEW BAY-WINI.OW FLAT; 5. LIGHT
— 1 rooms; $18; bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom,nr.sth.
"1 JQQ MCALLISTER ST.— LOWER FLAT; 7
x 1O«7 rooms and bath: $27 50.
QD UPPER FLAT: 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 5
Everett St., nearTbird.
1 Ci 1 EDDY— NEW SUNNY CORKER FLAT;
J-Utrx Brooms; latest improvements: basement.
(» "I C ONLY- FIVE SUXXY R- V<3mB; BATH;
0 LO fine basement and yard; 217 Collingwood
Bt., near Xineteeuth and Castro. BALDWIX &
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
IjEAUTIFUL FLAT — 5 LARGE SUNNY
XJ rooms, bath and laundry. 1015 1/3 Mission st..
near Eleventh.
YEW SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
-^> was $20, now $13 50; CastrO cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 508 California st.
■\TEW, MODERN. SUNNY, UPPER, CORKER
— > flat; 6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 Eighteenth.
9 ELEGANT NEW FLATS: 6* AND 7
— > rooms: all mod m; sun in every room; on elec-
tric line; the best location in the Mission. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom.
rUT.9ili.-OMS, iil7s^\LT WATER BATH
x included; all luoiiern impiovements. 915 a Post
street; rent $45.
LEGANT 1 I.A I 6 " ROOMS AND BATH;
all iat'--*; improvements. 713^ Grove st. "
Q9.) CA ELEGANT SUNNY MODERN
•_—«>.•)''. fiat Opp. Jefferson square; 5 rooms,
bath. 925 Golden <.;lie aye.
Q-| 1 3 ROOMS, BAr H ". 409^ THIR-
i?II. teenth st., above Valencia.'
71 FII.LMORE— SUNNY CORNER SIX
I t rooms and bath: cheap to good tenant.
I EW EPS FROM CITY H.M.1.: -ELEGANT
x flats: 5 and 6 rooms. 10 Grove st.
H- ROUMS, BATH: FLAT, 4 SUNNY
r.K)ms. hutli. garden. 1706 Post st.
: 'LA T. $14, SIX 1 ROOMS, SUNNY; 629 SKC-
J ond st., nr. Townsend; cottage, 4 rms., yrd.. $11.
.• I 9 HAVES. COR. BUCHANAX— 2 FLATS
I- of 3 and G sunny rooms, bath, etc.
/"IOZY FLATS: SI N.NV. NICE LOCATION:
\J 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sjtcra-
mento, below Maaon. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
\IOST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 BOOMS,
J'l wliji bath and ail modern Imnrovements:
ie3slki»hst.: renis3O. MADISON <i: BURKE,
jipenti- ■ ' '' ';"'.'.' ■' '"*.' ' '_
ABV HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMO.N I», 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
j low Hrviim. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
faou&iiKKiii'iNti KOOJIS.
Bryant Avenue.
11A1 BRYA XT— CORNER, 6 FURNISHED
11U1 rooms or 3 complete for housekeeping;
low rent.
California Street.
QQfl 1 CALIFORNIA — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
_.OUtr nished rooms: closets, bath, grate.
Kddy Place. \
9Q EDDY — CHANGED BANDS; LARGE
" _.»/ room, light housekeeping; single rooms; rea-
sonable. I _^___^___^____
. • ~~ Eighth Street.
m EIGHTn— 3 SUNNY UXFURNISHED
Xxtt housekeeping rooms; references.
~~ JCllis Street.
JT A A ELLIS— FURNISHED PARLOR WITH
. OU"i light housekeeping; also room with stove.
* ~ Fifth Street.
Q99JFIFTn— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O_j_ j housekeeping; $9.
Folsom Street.
Ql A FOLSOM — SUNNY FRONT AND
OIU kitchen: furnished complete; no children.
luuon Street.
1 FULTON— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
xUO housekeeping; gas, etc. reaso#>ble.
Golden Uate Avenue."
QAQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— TWO SUNNY
OUO housekeeping rooms, $15; single, .$5.
Larkin Street.
49 Q LARKIN - NICELY FURNISHED
tt_,«7 suites: single: running water; bath; gas.
OA i LARKIN-SUNN V FURNISHED ROOMS
CVi for housekeeping: $7 and $8.
c- Ail Ister Street.
OA(\ MCALLISTER-NICELY FURNISHED
O:rU sunny rooms for housekeeping. '
31inn». Street.
ml MTNN A— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
Xii 3 Ing suite, $2 25 week; bay-window house-
keeping room, $2 50 week: single, $1 week. ;
~ Mission Street.'
nf*l MISSION— ELEGANT FRONT ROOM <fc
00l kitchen furnished complete for housekeepg.
f\r*l MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
tJVx. also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
Ninth Street.
1 O£l NINTH-FURNIs"hED HOUSEKEEP-
J. _<U2 ing and single rooms; bath; cheap,
,~ ~" O'*arrell sireet.
nOl O'FARRELL-TWOCOMPLETELY FUR-
DOx nished rooms; housekeeping: no children.
Scott Street.
nO SCOTT— 2 I.AKGE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
xx«J housekeeping; partly fnrnlaned. -
Sixth. S ree;.
Ol PI SIXTH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
ZiXXiz rooms with kUchen; rent reasonable.
~~~ South ParK.
"I [* *OUTH PARK- LARGE WELL' FUR-
-1 D nished housekeeping room; $8; single.
Muckton Street.
m 1-613 STOCKTON, NR. PINE— FLOOR 3
Ull and 4 unfurnished rooms: yard.
1 OOA SI OCKTOX-2 NICE SUNNY HOUSE-
-IO_U keeping rooms, complete, cheap: single.
• ■ Tarlur Street.
1 AO TAYI.OR-NICELY FURXISHED SUN-
IUO iiy room and kitchen: also back parlor.
.'. Tehama Street.
Ano TEHAMA-NICELY vvnN t s iiki)
\Z\) rooms, with range, from $6; suites, $10:
private. ; • ■ * ______
Third MtreeE. ?
OQ'A THIRD/- 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OO^: keeping rooms; water included: rent $6.
lurk Street.
OA" TURK— FRONT ALCOVE ROO_-,NIC_-
oUO ly furnlslifil. with kiiclien, bath, gas.
lIOOJUS TO'XKI. - ' 
l.ddy Street.
'On EDDY-LARGE UKNISIIED ROOM,
OOU $7; also others, $4 and $5. .'.-~- ■•---•■-■ ■■■
Jii_hth : ijtreet.; . .
SHERMAN APARTMENT KOUbB, 28 BTH
si., near Market; luiul»_ed _ud unfurnlslied.
_-_,. ROOMS TO lET- Continued.
■ilia Street, i, -- -' ."■
THE RAMO.VA. 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
-1 clsco, MRS. KATE S. HAKT, manager— \
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house; contalnins 150 rooms, large and small, J
sunny rooms, single or en suite; tras and elec- i
tricity, hot and. cold- running water in each !
room; elevator and fire escapes: situate conven-
ient to the business Center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters: electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door. ■
7»OO ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM.
— » |
, Fifth -Street.
0911 FIFTH— FRONT ROOMS $6 A MONTH;
\ O_i*±2 single rue ins $1 a week; new house.
Geary Sireet.
C 1 Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE OF i
ulO bedroom and parlor; also suites and single. j
1 1 Al GEARY, COR. van ness aye.. THE
11U1 Martinet: nrst-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted : breakfast If desired. - :
bolden date Avenue.
QQA GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
OOv/ sunny room: private family; $B.; :■'.•/ !
COO GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT AL-
U—.O cove suite. " '".' .' -'■' .
. Grove Street.
1 /y-riGROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE j
X\JO front room, $8: single room, $4. !
Harrison Street.
"1,1 QQI HARRISON— SUNNY FURXISHED
-L-LOO2 front room, private family, $3 to re-
spectable party. . -.
liayes Street.
]f|Q HAVES— FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
lyO use of kltcheu.
llickory Avenue
190 HICKORY AYE. ■ - SUXXY FRONT;
x_.O room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent cheap.
Howard Street.
-'Q HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
000 room for light housekeeping: $7.
rjf\A HOWARD, COR. THIRD-FIXELY FUR-
t VJrk nished large front room-, first floor; suit-
i able clairvoyant or dressmaker; also housekeepg.
Q99 HOW A R D— S XN V FURNISHED
<y— .— . rooms; gas, bath and grate: cheap rent.
AKGE ELEGANTLY, FURNISHED FRONT
room; bay-window, grate, etc.; privileges;
• rent only $8 to a permanent party. 923 V» How-
ard st.. near Fifth. '-' fc •
Jackson Street.
im Q JACKSON. NEAR"-' MASON — FUR-
JLUJLO nished sunn; suite; single $5. - |
Jessie Street.
4QX JESSIE, NR. MIXT— PRIVATE FAM-
ttOc) ily; a sunny single room; rent $5.
. . :. . <iones street. . :
907 -ONES — THE A' AX WINKLE: NEW
—U I management: elegant tunny suites and
siogie: newiy furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny Street.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
_— ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first clau
in tvery respect : terms reasonable.
Jtlarket Street.
7Q7 MARKET-THE ESMOND, OPPOSITE j
10l Grant aye. newly furnished sunny suites |
and singie rooms; rent reasonable.
1 ______________HIIZ . '
■yOSEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET. ,
X Sixth and 'fceventh— Single and suites; per
Bight, 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families j
Minna street.
r A Q MIXXA— NICE FROXT ROOM, $4 A j
*J^kV month; double room for two, $8. . !
(\(\7 MINXA, COR. EIGHTH— XEWLY FUR-
! UUI nlahed bay-window rooms ; week; tran- ,
sient. ;
Mint Avenue.
9 « MIXT AVE.- FURXISHED SUXXY BAY- j
— .tt window suite, $12; also others, cheap.
J»iMsiori St le«si.
f\-\O MISSION — MONTNOMERY HOUSE: i
! UlO nicely furnished front room, cheap.
ITi 9' MISSIOX— CHEAP FURNISH AND !
! 1 —'J uniurnished rooms; housekeeping; others
1 9J XI MISSION— sU.v NY DOUBLE I
.1 — j.l«»'i and single rooms; reasonable. j
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
xj furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
3lontgomery Street.
"I Q MONTGOMERY ST.. OPPOSITE LICK—
: JLO Finely furnished rooms, en suite and single;
j from $6 up. ' . . •
:■••■? ■• * ".' •; Ninth Street. ;.: -
"I 9^l NINTH -NICE LIGHT AIRY FUR-;
I— U2 nished rooms; single or en suite. . .
O'Farreil Street.
Q97 O'FARRELL— WELL-FURNISHED SIN-
O— i 1 gle room, $5 a month. ■
Perry Street.
1 rrn PERRY, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH—
llu Minny front room; for two or man and wife; i
reasonable. ■ - .
l-o\rell Street.
91 C POWELL — SUNNY. QUIET, FUR- ,
— .'lO nlshea rooms; $8 and $10.
Bsusch Street.
BBAUBCH, NEAR HOWARD-3 OR 5 NICE
unfurnished rooms; large yard; cheap rent.
liuss Street.
91 RUSS— LARGE BUNNT FURNISHED!
_.x room for gents or couple; bath, closet.
Sutter sireet. BP— _
I OA.rr SUTTER-LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
! _._.U«J furnished or unfurnished; new flat. \
- Taylor Street.
1 99 TAYLOR— NICELV FURXISHED SUN- I
1 _._ nj- rooma. ; » ;
9 A TAYLOR — LARGE SUNNY ROOM, |
-iU suitable for 1 or 2 gents: gas; rent $8.
Tehama Street.
Oil TEH AM A— 1 OR 2 FRONT ROOMS,
Ol 1 furnished; no objections to some cooking;
j rent $5 to $B. ■
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD. NEAR
»V Market; most convenient an'l respectable: 200
! rooms 25c to $1 60 per night; XI 50 to $6 per week;
i electric lights in every room: reading r"iu: iree bus.
Turk Street.
1 9£ TURK— FRONT SUNNY ROOM BUIT-
x_.O able for gentleman: $6 permonth.
Twelftn Street.
4 TWELFTH ST., COR. MARKET— SUNNY
front room, nicely furnished : suitable married
couple; $8. - -■
31iscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, iOPpT CITY HALL— FUR-
nlshed rooms, single and suites: i*S and $16, lip.
BOAi;ltlS(i AM> KUUJW,
THo^mTssion stv^laroe handsome-
•xiJ—^ttly furnished parlors, bright and sunny:
' must be seen to-be appreciated; fine view; suit- I
1 able for man and wife; board and rent $25 each.
': ni NATOMA— SUXNY ROOM; SINGLE AND
: Ol double: $1 up and board. - :■ '< '<■ i :'.
QA'A VAX NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
OUU nished rooms; aunallday; board optional.
1 IinOITAVIA-LARGE SUNNY RONT
I ItIU alcove suit, with board; also single rooms.
-1 "I n TURK— REMODELED— NEWLYFURN- I
J. .JLUislied suites and slngle;first-class table board
V X K L Y FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
JL\ passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
i $1 per day; $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 to
: $30 per month. Hackmeler's Hotel. *
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; 84 50 j
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel. |
GEORGE GRUENIG, Proprietor. .".-.',
HACKMEIER'S HOTELTI2S-129 EDDY;ST,;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro*
prietor: board and room $5 snd $6 a week and up.
OTEL BEHTLING. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. . ■ ■■-'-.
4 \VEi^K ! S NEWS : FOR 5 CENTS— TH^
J\. WEEKLY CALL, in wranDer. for mailing.
CHILDKCN IiOAKDKD.
0" N^^m^W^r^wTILTSRToN^VA^T^D^TO
board; girls preferred; not under 5 years of
■ age. Apply this otlice. . . /. .._■-' .-: ■■*'
LADY WITH HER OWN HOME WANTS A
few children to board. Address E. M., box 49,
i CallOflice. . ■
AD Y HA VINO A NICE HOME WISHES 1
or 2 children to care for; mother's care; near a
school.' 1034 Folsom st. ,\- ;:.::.:<, :
rtHILD TO BOARD; GOOD HOME; MOTHER'S
,\J care. ; Call 109 Fourteenth St., nr. Folsom. -. .
\\T ANTED— 2. CHILDREN FOR BOARDING;
»• will receive mother's care. Apply 14 Chatta-
nooga st: -■.- ■ •-?■
YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
' 1 child r to board; terms $8., 1709 Lexington
avenue. - ■ ■■ -■>< ■-■• ■' ■-" -:"-'-.■ : 'V '.' '
GOOD HOME FOR INFANT: TERMS MOD-
erate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
OFFICES to LET. '
E^HlegaStt offTTes antj fTrnTshe~d
rooms at 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
SPRECKELS BUILDING, - 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny ofßces; low rent; I electric-light;
I heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing 01 U. H. UMJiSEX <fc CO., 11 Montgomery at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, J896.
= PIANOS. i'i6_lXS. ETC. '
aT*rTvl-D^^6t~OF~ CELEBRATEI) 'HIGH- I
-r*- grade T. I_ Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate.- H. LUEDKRS. 82 Ninth st. - -■- — ..• ... ;.-..
LOOK AT THE RATTLETRAPS AND SO-
callod bargains in cheap new and second-hand,
pianos at other places, then come to us and you
will appreciate our genuine otters. A used Hard-
man (this piano took the first award at the Colum-
bian Exposition) fine order, will be sold at once at
a nominal price: n fine new Chase Bros., damaged
In shipping, will be sold this week on installments
at much less than its value; 100 pianos in stock
and selling at prices : and terms which cannot be
equaled. i. The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts. ' ..■:•?;
Cjj('n/\ STEIN WAY OFFERED, FOR $200
tJDUVW by lady obliged to part with it: imme-
diate sale necessary. Room 10 Flood building. . ■
ViriDOW FORCED TO REMOVE TO . NEW
'" York oilers new Wheelock upright at the
price of transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st.
Q( \ PIANO: FINE CON > lON. SCHMITZ,
<J)t7\J. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.'
HANCE OF A LIFETIME TO B^JyTaN
\J organ; we have 50 that must be closed out in
the next 80 days; cash or installments; prices
from $25 upward. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
to 20 O'Farrell st. ■
OP FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
;_ 929 Market St., Spreckels building. •
RE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Stetnway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor, Kearuy
and Sutter sts. > • • 1
WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
*» first floor: sole agents Hallet Davis Pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
OA AAA SHEET MUSIC 1 C'J . COPY. STAT-
*.V.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister su
TEINWAY, $165; WEBER, $260: SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. . BRUENN, 228 Post. ~
OME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one: very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
A~~ GOOD SQL ARE, S4O; A FIXE SQUARE,S9O;
. aflneuprigh-, $125. Call soon. -
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
SHAW, 4=425; 2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195:
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. ;
AIXES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence: also renowned. Bush it Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT cfc CO., 524 Post st. , . -
pOXOVER PIAXO: • AS GOOD AS/ NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
I'A.VY, 338 Post st. .
pHICKERIXG,KNABE,STECK.VOSE,STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell. ;
Ql I^\ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
tU)x 4 xj. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T\ECKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FISCHER AND
XJ other first -class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHLER &,
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell at. > " • .•
I^ASY TERMS;-LO\V PRICES. KOH.LER &
-Hi CHASE. * •
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby <& Evans, Brijjgs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MULLEII, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
OTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, |125; squares, $35 and $55.
II KINK. 410 Post st.
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for. all female troubles, no matter
irom what cause; restores always in one day:
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
teed. DR. POPPER and MRS. DKS. NAIL. Private
home in confinement. 318 Kearny st. ■ •
Ti ss v TABLETS: INCREASE YOUR
weight 3 to 5 pounds a month; cures indiges-
tion and constipation: $1 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TER, 1170 Market su. San Francisco.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home lor patients: best skill: medical attend-
nee: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market st.
HOME. A FRIENTJ AND MOTHER'SCARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
1 \R. J. 11. JOS-ELYN, THE GREAT SPE-
xJ cialist, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. His female monthly remedies are
sure and safe in their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in
their action and warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket st., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let-
ters to box 2275.
ADIEB. CO.\SLLT KitEE MRS. OR. SCOTT.
216 i'owell St.: only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities ana diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
neTer falls: perfectly harmless: free -Jrom any bad
ertects; never -makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
tDe times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. DR. <fc MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50.
I LL FEM A L E IRREGULARITIES RE-
-«-*\ stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
flueme t: French pills cruarantced: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post su, near Larkin.
DR. CAUGHREAN, SPECIALIST— ASTHMA,
gravel, male and female diseases successfully
treated: poor treated free Fridays. 1118 Market st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A.EOON TO
J\. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; $'J 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOb BKOS.. Oakland, Cal.
H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Jones. Diseases of women and children.
"I ADIES — DA UDET'S FEMALE REGULA
XJ ling Pills: strongest, safest, best: 'never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drnfstore, 14 Ellis St.,
tormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
SURE CLRE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eages, from whatever cause: a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 22ttTurkst.
\i RS. DR. WEi.ENKR: PRIVATE HOME IN
i'l confinement; irregularities cured In a few
! tours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OH ANY FEMALE DISEASB
■SS Mrs. Dr. Pnetn and be content. -s*Vt*t—
JIO.NEK TO LOAS.
A DVAXCESOXDIAMOXDS.JEWELRY. ETC
-. V Columbia Loan & Collateral Otlice, 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT; IST, 21) or 3D MORTGAGES;
■TV estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, room* 2-3.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
XJ l.niin Association, cor Battery and Pine sts.
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIA^'O WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, 3ewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy: private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
■\ 1 ONEY LO A N ON JEWKLRY AND
iij other valuables at the Security. Loan OQice,
110ttMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc.
D~~T RECT FROM US OX. YOUR FURXITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate otlice rm. 68, Donohoe build 'g. 1170 Market st.
AKLAXD LOANS OX REA_ - ESTATE,
first mortgages secured on short notice; cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMEROX,
Broker. 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ■
I OANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
JIJ mortgages, - furniture or pfanO3 without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
■IST__D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
xtates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPUY,62BMrku
Q^nn AAA ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
'jUUUrates. A.SCUULLER.SOB Montgy
I ST&2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON "FURNITURE
.1 & pianos; no removal. 240 Montgomery st.. r. 13.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals: low rate. J. E. DAMOX, 303 Montg.
<_f>AA AAA MODERATE: RATES OF IV-
tJAJK) .\)\J\J . terest. Rm 214, 328 Montgmy.
TF YOU WANT TO LOAN YOUR MONEY AT
x Bto 12 per. cent Interest on good security call
at 410 Kearny st., room 6. ■ • -■■■•.-_ ■ -
/ PAWNBKOKERS.
T'we^RBARNF ST.. "llboM £-MX>X_ V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: l eU*vator: jiledges lor sal ) cheap. ■ v -
~~~~ FINANCIAL. " ~~~
<8i 1 nTr?\fi XO LOAJN OK LIFE INSUR-
<t3DIV/vf.Vt/V/ ante policies: Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
T OANS O.V IST AND 2D MORTGAGES ANId
XJ life Insurance policies: low. rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. '
, MONEI -WAIiTED.
WANTED— TO SELL A FIRST MORTGAGE
.»». of $1000, bearing interest at 10 per cent, on a
fine ranch in Napa County: also wunt *300 on
house and lot in East Oakland, and a few others
from $100 to $10,000 at 8 and 10 per cent on quar-
ter value: no expense to lender. Apply or write
to A. ti. WILLEY. Golden Gate, Alamertaco.. Cal.
. .; STORI.S TO LET. ;
TT7r^o"'^T^r^sM'^^
trJLU in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN <fe Co., 14 Montgomery st. « V".' •--■■-•■ - ; *:■%
.; STABLES TO L.F.T. ' \,--.-: : -r;-^
mO^^T^6^L^A^E-^T^BTET72TNATO^A
8t.:60x75: hayloft; room for 25 horses. - J. T.
WHITNEY. 1201 Webster at. : -.-:?;
- .-.:, ; .■.■:, ■;; BICYCLES. ..- j : ;;-;.. v --:., "
CYCLER Y-NE w" WHEELsTt(J 'LifiTj
1 best accommodations. * Terminu* Usary, li>
AiUater aud l^weU si. car Uues. .
CITY RKAt ESTATE,
pi H.UMBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
Ollice and Salesroom,
14 Montgomery s:., near Market
Call and obtain ono of our Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. .
IMPROVED PROPERTY AT PRIVATE SALE.
BARGAINS.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
ol» r»o nnn substantial 3-story
«|pZo.UUU. brick buiidingand lot 37:9x80.
COZY MISSION COST AGE.
tfUQnnn Elizabeth st.— a beautiful
♦JpOUUU. bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, etc.; brick loundation; stone walks; lot
25x80.
FINE MISSION RESIDENCE; CORNER.
CfcTr^nn mission warm belt — nice,
«Jp i O''U. modern and nearly new bay-window
residence of 8 rooms a d bath; all modem im-
provements and conveniences: lot 30x96:6.
FAIR.MOUNT.
QflOZfl BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF 6
iJjIOOU. rooni3 aud bath-large lot, 30x80.
COR INVESTMENT NR. MONTGOMERY AYE
OL'Qnnn corner on Greenwich st.-
jjpJyUUU. 5 flats and 2-story house; rent, $85
per month; lot 50x49:60.
COTTAGE, NR MARKET AND GUERRERO
o*ynnn custom park— substantial
tJpOUUU. bav-wlndow cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc., etc.
A BARGAIN ON CALIFORNIA STREET.
OL'in £.{\fl 2 3-STOKY BUILDINGS; RENT
«Jr_LU.OUU. $117, brick foundation, etc.; large
lot. 34;4y 2 x137:6, with L 34:4 y 2 x37 :6.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
<Si 1 O Pinn WASHINGTON ST.— CONTAINS
tlrJ^j.OUU. 14 rooms and 2 batbs, etc., etc.:
lot 32x103:10; unsurpassed and unobstructed
marine views.
COZY MISSION HOME.
(3«9QAA SANCHEZ ST. — BAY-WINDOW
tJijiOUU. cottage of 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment; lot 25x85.
REAL BARGAIN ON GOLDEN GATE AYE.
sfilf'Qnn 2 FLATS AND COTTAGE; RENT
$38; front part of lot vacant: 3 flats
would make very line investment; lot 27:6x137:6.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
<2i7nnn VALLEJOST.: 2 3-STORY HOUSES
«Jp I \J\J\Ji in several tenements; rent $70.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
GU/iPvnn STKINKR ST.; 2 FLATS AND
tJptLOUU. house; rent $42; lot 27:6x110.
G. H. UMBSEN <fe CO., 14 Montgomery st.
A T AUCTION — "
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
SALESROOM
218 AND 220 MONTGOMERY STREET,
MILLS BUILDING.
ONLY ONE -THIRD CASH.
BY ORDER OF THE
M. MORGENTHAU COMPANY,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11,1896,
At 12 o'clock, noon,
We will sell the remaining property of the cor.
I ■oration in
MISSION BLOCKS 144 AND 145, COMPRISING
f>o twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty .five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
60 tweuty-rive foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
ON
rWENTY-FIKST STREET.
fWENTY-SSCOND BTREET.
POTRERO AVENUE AND
HAMPSHIRE STREET.
STREETS ALL SEWERED,
LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
Title guaranteed by the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company for the nominal sum or
$10 per lot.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBBg <ft CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.,
Mills building.
NEWHALL'S SONS A CO., Auctioneer*
CC. BEMIS,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th ay e .; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st; 55x
1 37:6 fee U
$2600- E. side of Stanyan et., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450-san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700-50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms ear.h. at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes bouses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story S-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. Noo and Castro: 26
1 1 1 4 feet.
f 8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
EAUTIFUL
LEVEL LOTS.
$5 MONTHLY.
$350 TO $400.
If you have not seen that new block In the
Castro-su addition you should go to-day: take the
Valenciaor Mission-st. cars aud transfer at 14th
to the Guerrero-st. electric road, and get off at
the corner of Castro and Chenery sts.; curs pass
the property; agent on the ground daily, Sundays
included.
TELL US WHERE
You can buy lots within the same distance of the
City Hall for $350, on $5 monthly payments,
with al: the street work done, including 'grading,
sewering and macadamizing; water piped to every
lot; many of the lots do not require any grading,
but are ready for honip-bulldlng.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery sU
OME-SEEKERS, ATTENTION!
A POSITIVE PICK-UP.
Desirable sunny 8-room house, in fine condition,
with lot 25x93, can be purchased for $4UOO.
TERMS: $400 CASH, BALANCE $30 PER
MONTH. INCLUDING INTEREST; CHEAPER
THAN RENT.
House located In Western Addition: has fine
marine view and is near the Park; investigate
without delay.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Agent, 416 Montgomery.^
E~BOOM TRACT, '•
MISSION ST..OPP. ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
LOTH $400 AND UP.
$10 PER MONTH; "NO INTEREST.
HOUSES BUILT ON INSTALLMENT.
OFFICE ON THE TRACT.
OPEN EVERY DAY.
■jjr-TTTT POSITIVE BARGAIN; a LOTB 25x
i^tJOyj. 100 each; near Mission road; worth
$750. STRAND <ft CO., 45 Third st.
ARGAIN — LOVELY 2-STOKY HOUSE; 7
rooms: bath, laundry: nicely papered: wooden
mantels; fine, view; NW. part: $3300; part
cash, balance easy terms. C. 8., 635 Sacramento.
ffl«9.# nnn 4«X80; FINE PROPERTY; 3
igiAO. \)\J\J, stores ;B flats-.rents $160. 325 sth.
d>l /\f\ CASH; BALANCE SAME AS RENT;
•IP 1 yJ\J cheap cottage home. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st.
M~~ARIN COUNTY-6000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cat any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 84
end 65 Chronicle building.
IITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN : IM^
J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TwLSG, Sonoma
Cl ty. Inqu I re «32 Market st- S. F.
ICE 6 -ROOM, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
and bath; brick foundation; nigh basement;
all modern: will sell with or without furniture;
cheap; e?*y payments. 1011 Capp at.
■ . "-^ Gvr%y real ESTATE.
!'*lli7^PEcir&"co?'s" : ""- " : "'"■" : ~*~^
AM. SPECK & CO.'S
• CHOICE INVESTMENTS. i r
<£ CAACASH, BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
«JptIV/U ]y payments, buys elegant new house of
: 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath : and large
£ lot: in perfect order. •■■ .'•••■ '
©Q( \ AA 5 MPLENDID FLATS • within 4
*IpOUl/U. blocks of Hibernia Bank; : rents $42;
"• -i/. a Bteal. -•■..-.■ ■■•>.■. ■-.•-•-■ -- f ■■■■■-' ■-■■■:>■ ■■■ ■■
fI&OAAA ELEGANT MODERN 6-ROOM
tOAAA ELEGANT MODERN 6-ROOM
— .UUU. cottage: select location.
Qnnn STORE AND 2 FLATS: rents
(JpOvl/V. $30;. 0n1y a few blocks from the City
Hall; must sell.
<_QGnn ELKG ANT 9ROOM RESIDENCE:
«JpOt/UU. vicinity Washington and Broderick.
(_ AA A 2 ELEGANT NEW FLATS NEAR
<Jp»JUUU. Hyde; rents $50; 2 fronts: mortgage
i •. ■■.■s4ooo. ■-' -■■■ ■■ - ■--■'• '••-*• -■-■-*
QiCZ.(\(\ 3 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; RENTS
«JnUUUU. $61; in vicinity of Hatxht st. v
Ss7()00 STuKK AND 2 FLATS ON MlS-
tp I UUU. sion st.
© QAAA* STOHK AND FLATS ON FOLSOM
CiOUUU. St.; rentss6B.
J ffi tiffin 2 ELEGANT NEW FLATS ON
«UU»JUU. McAllister st. v ;
©]C : mA ELEGANT MANSION OF 12
-LcI.tJUU. rooms, on Pacific • aye.; -worth
$25,000.
fliO^AA L0T. 25x120 FEET; HAIGHT ST.
inn AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
eJpI^.UUU. Mission st.: 50x80.
<2J 1 *> nAA STORE AND 4 FLATS: RENTS
<U>-L_S. UUU. S116: on 'McAllister street.
dKIQ AAA GRAND BUILDING OF FLATS;
«JpIO.UUU. within 2 blocks of City Hall; rents
$100. ~ -
<Jt^ i ) AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY: NEW
i&tJZ,.\J\J\J. building, near Tivoli; rents $300.
fl£7A AAA market st. invesment,
lU.UUU. near Maze: rents $420.
V| 1 A AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
ifl)l± V.UUU. Market st.; lot 60x165; 2 front-
ages; inside. ' . .
A. M. SPECK <fe CO..
../..■■■- 602 Market st.
O'FARRELL&CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, HOUSEBROKERS
AND AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©7AAA PROBATE SALE; MAKE OFFER:
«JP I \J\J\J. Washington st., near Dupont; rented
to Chinese for $83 per month.
QJ^OOO WEBSTER STREET: PACIFIC
«Jpc>Vl/V/. Heights; magnificent view; nearly
new 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath; worth
$8000: sold at this low figure to make Immediate
-sale; close to Paciflc-ave. cable and Fillmore-st.
electric-cars. •
ffIjOAAA JACKSON -ST. CORNER, PRE-
iZ)O\J\J\J. sldio Heights; sold to close an estate ;
make an offer. ; ■
©9AXA ABIG BARGAIN: DEVISADERO
*jp'-v/«Jl/. St., near Waller: fine view; lot 25x
116; short walk from the Haight-st. cable-cars.
©9XAA COTTAGE ON POST ST.; 4 ROOMS;
«JP_/01/U. lot 25x137:6; street paved and ac-
cepted. - '•'■ ■. . .
Q.AO^f\ BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTER
«IP +*O\t. and California st cable-cars: resi-
dence of 8 -rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
ffI»7KAA REDUCED FROM $10,000; TURK
«H> O\J\J. St., near Van Ness aye.: lot 27:6 x
120 to rear street; both streets paved and accepted :
2-story house, used for business purposes: rent $40
month: tenant will pay Increased rental for a
lease, make his own repairs and pay the water bill.
I■■ - - :
9AA EACH-r2 LOTS NEAR 17TH AND
<rIZ,IJU Market sts. ; worth $1800 each; If you
are looking for a big bargain in this line be sure to
call and get particulars concerning these lo:s.
©ft^AA PROBATE SALE; MAKE aNOF-
<pU«JUI/. fer; 8 2-story houses a short walk
from Market and Fourth sts.; lot 50x80; rents
$58 50; must be sold to ciosu un estate. -
CjQKAA SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR DE-
tJpOUUU. vlsadero; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; worth $6000; street paved and accepted.
<n»97'A RI^HT AT TRANSFER POINT
*4P«-" I O\J. between Butter-st. cable-cars and Su-
tro electric-cars; large lot; suitable for business. -.
<&QAA SANCHEZ ST., A FEW STEPS
tsO\J\J. from 24th-st. branch of Mission-st elec-
tric-cars; lot worth $1350.
$90 000 THREE HANDSOME, NEARLY
i\pZi\J.\J\J\J, new residences on corner right at
main entrance to Golden Gate Park; rents $lao
per month: a solid and substantial investment,
with an assured future. ;. . ~ .
(BjXAAA CHEAPEST PIECE OF PROP-
«JP«JUv/v. erty in the market; nearly nemtivn-
atory residence on tlie nortli sid-- of Oak st., near
Scott; contains 7 rooms and bath and hii;h base-
m»nt; street bitumlnized and accepted by the
city; if you are looking, for a cheap home near
Golden Gate Park, be sure io see this place.
ffIfOXAA RENTS $40 A MONTH; 4 FLATS
IUuiJUU. near Valencia and 18th sts.; always
occupied by first-class tenants; offerfd at this low
figure to make an iramediae sale; street paved
and accepted; stone .sidewalks.
rpHE DEMAND CONTINUES AND SO DOES
i-THE SUPPLY.
The brisk manner in which lots are being sold
and bouses are being built on our subdivision of
the Academy Tract is in itself the best gtiHrantee
of Its popularity and the appreciation people show
when a good thing is offered.
• With to-duy we place our entire reserve.' consist-
ing of some of the choicest lots contained In the
tract (some of which bave never been offered be-
fore) on the market. ■
It will be a case of first come first served. •
The prices remain the same, $375 to $500 in $10
monthly payments.
Lots are level and ready to build on.
Come see them to-day. - * 
We have a branch otlice on the property.
Take the Mlssion-st, electric cars; ride to Fran-
cis 8t: our representative will meet you and be
pleased to furnish further information. ■
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
IN HOME LOTS WE OFFER THE MOST DE-
X slrable loti ever placed on the market at the
prices asked.
We hav,- six level lots commanding abeautlfnl
view at $175 each. .
FOUR LOTS AT $200 EACH.
TWO AT $300 EACH.
■ Those are our special ' offering . /"or to-day. All
areaujacent to car line and ready to build on.
O'FARitELL <fe CO.,
11 Montgomery st., or at our branch ollice, Mission
and China aye. . .' "" - : ' ,
J^OR SALE-ONE OR TWO LOTS ON FALCON
and Twenty-second st. at your own price. Call
at 865 Mission st.
XjtOß SALE— E_EGANT ROOM HOUSE.
X 1 done by day's work; salon parlors: reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful carden;
stone walks; view Golden ; Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
"L>OR A HOMK LOT— FRUITVALE TER-
X minal Tract: low prices; easy terms.
Gj^AA ' CORWFB; 51x100:. IN BEKKELEY;
<ptIUU. on railroad; $J0 monthly.
■ $Joo— Corner; 60x100, with creek.
$1500— Corner; 100x100: macadamized.
$1000— 100x100; $15 monthly.
$175— Lot 25x135; $10 down: $6 monthly.
| - .- CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st
OUSES-AND LOTS FOR SALE ON~EASY
terms. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN HOUSE. 7
rooms and bath. Apply Sunday between 10
and 2 o'clock. 163 Tremont aye., Ashbury Heights.
AHEAP FOR CASH; HOUSE 5 ROOMS: 4
\J lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank sts. (Holly Park).
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 5
rooms and bath. - Apply 929 Twenty-third st.
MODKRN 2-sTORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an I cottages built at equally reasonable rates. Call
and .see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mis-
sion st. . • "- Jrj,;-y£.
ffl.l AAA FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
1 UUU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly.
$350-1 acre hill land: *5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 60xl0(»: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. -..
IPOR SALE .OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
' Francisco property a modern bouse of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
281/2 Zoe st., city. . , ■■■■;..■ / ; : ;;
PROPERTY to EXCHANGIi. .. .
I '"£ ACR ES "hA^D^^A^iSiTASo^LESTO
IO exchange for ' lodging-house. DECKER,
1020 Market st . ■ : *■ . ,
STORES A 6-BOOM flat to exchange
«5 for vacant lot or improved pro ertv ; will assutrie
mortgaee or pay cash diflerencp. Apply-to H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market 9t., opposite Fifth. ? ..
1 >»QA acp.es timber land, kern co.:
X_-01/water: tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
COIN'IKV KKAL JiSTATt.
WE HAVE A LARGE LIST OF IMPROVED
and unimproved chicken and fruit 'ranches,
town lots and villa sites in and around Novato for
sale, send for our list: .terms to suit everybody.
A bargain In a 10-acre chicken ranch. SHAiSD <fc
RIBLET, Novato, Marin County. . T ■': •'■*:.*.
1 AAA ACRES, ALL LEVEL, CULTIVATED
IUUU land, fronting on railroad; vicinity of
Menlo Park. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. : *-.-■'■' ■■ ■'•■'- '■....-•• ■
ORANGE LANDS. •■
RANGE LAN '
BARGAIN PRICES. '"
. -. BARGAIN, PRICKS. .
$70 PER ACRE. :
BIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS. •
I ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
, A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time ■ a good Investment: It will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five, annual
payments; no Interest; the trees Dlanied on this
| property will begin bearing In about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth - years will : be paying . large re-
turns. ••• .•-".: '—■■'.■. '■■ - .V.:-~ --■;':-; -;''*.;-./-«■
■ We have an experienced horticulturist inchtirge
of the rolony who will care for. non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. '<:/■ - ; r ■■
• ! For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to STON, ELDRIBGE & C 0. ,: .
- ..,;:;» - - 638 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. ;----■ r : - ; ---- ■-■ - -' v -::-^ -■' - ."■■'•'■ -■: ■-v-as -. : --
ANTED— A : RELIABLE, WKLL-RECOM-
mended farmer-tenant | for a 1 200 acres | good
level ranch at Woodside, San Muteo County; take
charge at once; crop this season volunteer hay and
summer fallow ' j> the ranch ; place suited for dairy;
has new 7-roomea house; close to school. Apply to
L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay at., 8, F. r Terms liberal.
- > ' " ;.-: : - ■'■•:•■■■•..-•■
REAL ESTATE-Continned.
"I7SrABLISHEiJ ....... .......16 YEARS.
Hi N. D. WICKELS
■,■ ■..■'. :- ' ■ . - : - ' ' ,--.. THE :-.'
.. LAND AGENT. . . vf-V
SALE AND EXCHANGE of oountry property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
•--•.■-•-■ lates:and'
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Maricet si., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME 3
for sale. WOOSTKR & WH ITTON. San Josai
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BKAL. KSTATB.
fTIHE WARNER TRACT AT ELMHURST IS
J- rapidly advancing. For property in this tract
at first hands, apply to WARNER & CO., 465
Ninth St., Oakland. ;; ■ .; . . ■■ ; : , :
AYE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda;. easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. , CHAS. P. KEKN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. ■ ■ .
pOTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; CORNER
\J lot 118x134;- fruit trees and goou. barn; one
block fro n ■ electric cars, East Oakland; for ex-
cha nee for property centrally located and pay
$I*2oo cash difference; value, $4000. See E. K.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oaklanu.
XCHANGK LIST— HOUSE, BARN AND 10
-Li acres fruit and choice vines, near Brentwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots in Stockton, near ec ricroad,
$1000, clear; block of 12 lots in growing town of
Acton, $1000, clear; modern cottaueof 5 rooms
and stable, $3500 mortgage, $1250; modern 7-
room house. Pacific avenue, Sana Cruz," for clear
ranch, «7500, bank loan $3000; 160 acres, Howell
County, Mo.. $1600. clear; bargains in lots and
houses for sale. BENHAM <Jt THOMAS, 465
Ninth st-., Oakland.
"fiTo 9>"^n"FI N 2-STORY MODERN HOUSE;
♦JpO^itJU. 7 rooms and bath; must be sold;
large lot; 10 minutes' walk of City Hall. A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth st., Oakland. ,
LOOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNE V, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKIASD HOUSES TO lET.
T OWER FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS;
-I i $16; near local train. Apply 855 Harrison st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
. . AL.AJVI <; I>A RKAI, i- STATE.
"TiOR SALE. . . • ",- •" < ' '
$2200— 550 cash: $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and 1
bath : new colonial cottage.'
$2800— No cash: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner j
house: 6 rooms and batn.
$3000— 550 cash; $30. monthly;. 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage. ~
5f3500-S2OO cash: $3J montnly; 33x150; 6
I rooms and ■ bath; . elegant , cottage on . principal
driveway. ■■• .
$3500— 5100 cash: $35 monthly; 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET-FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections peri ect. .
. vv; ; V' '■:' TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE <fc REMMKL. Bar-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., S. F.
OR SALE— . r ~~" ' ~~~-
Ij^Oß SALE—
House S rooms and bath, Central aye. house 4
rooms. <-rand st. cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Q. 1 (\fi To $T5O DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
I «D 1 "y 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
j convenience; near station, scool. etc ; with large
! lot; $2400 to $o000: send for illustrated book of j
Alameda, free. Alameda Laud- Company, 1500 I
lark st., Alameda. -. -
OR SAL! —$4250; HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: MOD-
ern: gas. bath. etc. :-Io; 60x140: Central aye.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Ptrk St., Alameda.
T OOK-$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
±J from Park st., Alameda, on installments; I line
location. H.B. PINNE Y, 902 Jiroadway, Oakland.
Q^Ork MA LARGE 5-ROOM COTTAGE ON j
I tlp^vUU. Alameda aye.: cheapest piece of
i property in Alaimda; to be sold in 30 days. E. D.
j JUDD, 'I424 Park st.
I fl!'Wnn AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE: j
I tIrZiOUU. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150 ;
! cash, $20 per month— No. 732.
, $1750— Cottage; 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
month; a snap — No. 736. ■
$2000— New cottage; - 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739. .
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner;
. 94x115: street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
I muki' 3 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698.'
$'»50— iy a acres land on Bakers - aye.; worth
$1700: one-half cusn. '
Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. 11. P. JIORKAL CO., 1432 Park st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for maiiias.
■ JJEKKELEV KiAL- KSTATE.
: r EW^2-STORY HOUSE; 7 iT66m.S.~BATH
JLi and modern ; improvements: electric lights,
beautiful location; scenic park; block adjoins uni-
versity grounds. Address box 231, Berkeley.
TOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
tl Insurance, removed to Berkeley station. •■••■.■..■.
L£(iAL rMOTICKS.
OTl^JFro^ XDlll^i^Tir^()R^s'^ALE^OF
XN personal property— Notice is hereby given that
the undersigned administrator of the Estate of
CHARLES MATHEWS, deceased, will, in pursu-
ance of an order of the superior Court of the City
and County of San Francisco, sell on THURSDAY,
March 12, at l:« 0 P. M..al public auction, through
S. L. Jones <t Co., auctioneers, in front of the Mer-
chants' Exchange. No.— — California st., in the
City and County of San Francisco, the following de-
scribed personal property belonging to said estate,
to-wit: ' •
One light bay horse, called "Tempest," \ *
. One phaeton, '
One buggy robe,
One S t of harness, and
One whip.
Said property will be sold for cash in United
Slates gold coin and subject to confirmation by said
Sup-rior Court. .A. C. FREESE, > -
Administrator of the estate of CHARLES MATH-
EWS, deceased. ' >■
Dated March 10, 1896.
iiUILDING ANl> LOAN ASSOCIATION
/CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN^AS,
\J sociation— Home office, 222 Sausome st., 8 F,
General savings <fc loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pr.«. ■
Oliver Kldridge V.Pr.; W Corbin, &Gen.M%a
' " : SILA.I.mi.A.Xi ?* i.it^i.XoiA 1 .
The following marriage licenses. were Issued by
the County Clerk's office jresterday: .
John Wnllers and Lena Tbonen, 29—34.
' Jacob B. Lewis and Harriec Rosetuhal. 24—20.
Frank L. Voorhies and Lottie Martin, 41—26.
F. L. Bosqul and Mary F. «evnold3. 27—27. s
ittVOJ&Clt FKOC*,ji.lil>oS. :
Complaint filed:
M. Jorgensen against Margaret M. Jorgensen. I
Divorce granted :. -:"'■ r . ! •
• Nancy B. Le Compt from Alva E. Le Compt. for
desertion; by Judge Murphy. . Custody of minor
child awarded to plaintiff. ■ •
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-OEATHS.
: [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be. handed In at
either of tne publication offices and be indorsad
with the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.]
ItOKN. , ;
FEDER— In this city, March 6, 1896, to the wife of
.' Daniel Feder, a d"aughter. ■ ■ ■
HUND-In th»s city,' March 7, 1898, to the wife of
. Dr. F.J.Hund, a daughter. :-. .
McKEE-ln this city. March 10, 1896, to the wife of
Jobn Dempster McKee, a son. : :.
PRATT— In this city, March 6, 1896, to the wife of
Dr. E. W. Pratt, a son..
THOMPSON— In : Vallejo, Cal., March .8, . 1896,
to Mie i wife of . Chaplain ' F. .Thompson, U. S. N.,
a daugnter. ' .;.■.■.:.. , . .
THOMPSON— March • 10, . 1896, to the wife of
v Thornton Thompson, a son. igg&l^g^bwHS
WHELuN-February 28, 1896, to the wife of J. J.
Whelon, a daughter. -, \ : . ' ' v r:..; > :
.. MARRIED. . •-.-•■;.. '. :
BOGLE-O'BRIEN-In San Rafael, March 8. 1896.
" by the Rev. . Father Hngb ' Lagan, Eugene |E.
Bogle of San Rafael and Cecelia I. O'Brien of
San Fraucisco. .' - : .
McCARL — BL'ANCHFIELD— . March 5. 1896,
■ Samuel F. McCarl of ' San Francisco and Mrs. K.
JJlanchneld of Stockton. ; -. .-;-.i^i ■'■•*.
SLATTERY— In this. city, February
• 15, 1896, by the Rev. Father Ramm, Edgar F.
Slattery and Catherine A. Hughes. ; ; • -: t.
SMITH— GRAF— In this city, January 23. 1896,
by Justice Kerrigan,' Frank H. Smith and Carrie
V. Graf. ,-*.VV- ;.-. t?'-. '-■'::: ,-.'. ,- ■ ;. . -"V-, v -.
-.-■';.-;■'. . : ... : .v-;' . : DIED.: ;:;:••..■. :.-^:-. -;••;-■
.'. Barry, Thomas - ■ -i_ •' Kennedy, John
Biggy, Margaret K. ■ '» La Vallee, Elmina ,
Booth, K. .A. and I. E. .-Leonard, John J. ' -
' .': i.orer, Joseph * y -„.*■■, Mac Imy re, Marie E."-"^
C Bresse, Louis C. .\ ■ V ' McLoughlin, Francis ; ,"
Butler, Bridget McQuaid,' John C. .
v Caetano. Manuel ' Meade, Jane . ■ .
Callaghan, Dennis' Miller. Charles '
'■*: Cohn, John ' ! ■ Pratt (infant) ;'
Cross, Susan h'tt ■ • . Roskamp, Henry F. - .
Delahanty. Charles J. : Rowe, Dr. N. ■;*
Farrell, Edward G. ■ :c: Ryan, Mary E. , ;
■ ; :\ Gaffrey. Bernard . " : Sanders, Marah A. ■.-•
r*;; Hamilton, Andrew • Thrall, Henry H. : ;
'■ Johnson, Anthony • Wilson, Robert B. ; .
BABRY-In tola city, March 10, 1896, Thomas,
beloved son of John and the late Annie Barry
and brother of James, Gus, John and Dora Barry
and Mrs. William Fleming, a native of Boston,
' Mass., ai<ed 31 years. >. . ' '/ \
J£S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock m.. from bis late
residence, 7 Church lane, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, Dolores and Church streets, thence
to Mission Dolores Church for services at 2 p. v.
• Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. >
BIGGY— An anniversary solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated at Holy Cross Church, Eddy
street, near Scott, TO-MORROW (Thursday), for
the repose: of the soul of -the late Margaret E.,
beloved sister of W. J. and P. J. Biggy. . Friends
and acquaintances are : respectfully: invited to
- attend. ...... .-.-, , . • ,  .  : . ■'
BOOTH— In Oakland. March 9. 1896, Kate Anna
and Idah Emilie, only .and beloved children of
Frank K. and Emilie B. Booth. •
i^* Friends and 1 acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. . m., ■ from the
family residence, 1172 Kighth street, Oakland.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets, San Fran-
cisco, at 3:30 o'clock p. M. ,
BORER— In this city, March 10. 1896, Joseph
Borer, a native of Switzerland, aged 61 years.
BRESSE— tn this city. Louis Clement, beloved
husband of Caroline, and father of Louis and
Eugene Bresse,' Mrs. Galavottl and Gustave
Bresse, a native of Maules, France, aged 66 years
2 months and 29 days. . . . _ ■ ■ '? - '
aSTFrlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'ciock p. m.. from Masonic
Temple; corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
and from his late residence, 1518 Franklin street,
at 1:30 o'clock p. M. Please omit flowers.
BI'TLKR— this city. March 10, 1896. Bridget
Butler, beloved sister of Mrs. Annie Burr, and
aunt of Mrs. Katie Smith and Charles H. Burr,
: a native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 54
years. x
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW. .
(Thursday), at ■ 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her ' late
residence. 447 Va Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Churcn.. Mission street, near Tnlrd,
where a solemn requiem mass will be. celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. A. M. Interment Mount. Calvary. Ceme-
tery. ~ . . . ,
CAETANO— In Oakland. March 8.1896, Manuel
Caetano, a native of Azores, aged 45 years 6 •
months and 21 days. ■ '"
CALLAGHAN— In this city, Mnrch 10, 1896, at
his residence, 938 Pacific street, Dennis, beloved
husband or' • Isabella Callaghan. and father of
■ John F., Mary, Annie and Henry Callaghan,
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 66 years.
.Notice or funeral hereafter. ' ■■ • ■ '
COHN— In this city, March 10, 1896, John Cohn,
beloved rather of Mrs. Edwnrd Man assp, Mrs.
M. C. Lenz, Bertha, Lena, Minnie, Leon, Jense
and Albert E. Cohn, a native of Germany, aged
76 years and 9 months. >
4B~Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 10:15
o'clock a. m., from his 'late residence, 2332 Pa-
citic avenue. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 11:45 a. m. train from Third and Town-
send streets. Please omit flowers.
CROSS— In this city. March 5, ]«96, Susan Cross,
a native of Canada, aged 62 years and 1 month.
JSa-The funeral will take place THIS . DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. si., from the par-,
lors of Halsted & Co. .
DELAHANTY— In this city, March 9, 1896
Charles J., beloved son of John E. and Mazgle
Delahanty, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 5 days. •■ .
■JKiTFrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from the
residence of the parents, 842 McAllister street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. • > ■ '
FARRELL— tn this city, March 10. 1896. Edward
G., beloved husband of Virginia Farrell, a native
of New Jersey, aged 49 years.
friends . and : acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at - 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Co., 123 Stock-
ton street, corner Geary. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GAFFREY— In this clty| March 9, 1896, Bernard
Gaffrey , a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
HAMILTON— In this city. March 8, 1896, Andrew
Hamilton, beloved husband of the late Annie
Hamilton, and father of George and Frederick
Hamilton and Mrs. L. Herhn;:, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 65 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, March 9, 1896, Anthony
Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 59 years.
KENNEDY— In this city, March 9, 1896, John
Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
LA . VALLEE— In ' this city. March 10, 1896.
Elmina. beloved daughter of Minna and Emery
La Vallee, a native of San Francisco, aged S
years 8 months and 11 days."3ffl£Mßßlssi
JO" Friends and acquaintances -.are respect-
futly invited to attend tue funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of" the parents. 509 fanchez street.. be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to
Holy Cross Cemetery by electric funeral-car. No
! carriages.
LEONARD— In this City. March 9, 1896, John J.
Leonard, a native Of Pennsylvania, aged 32
years. .
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from' the par-
lors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train to
, Holy Cross Cemetery.
MacINTYKE— In Oakland, March 9. 1896, Marie
X., beloved daughter of Maria J. and I. G. Mao
Intyre, a native of Oakland, aged '6 years 9
months and 9 days.
IHTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents. Forty-seventh street, near
Grove, Oakland, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where services will be held, commencing at 10
a. M. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. .
McLOUGHLIN— In this city, M:«rch 9. 1896.
Francis McLoughlin, a native of Ireland, aged 71
years.
j£3TFriends and . acquaintances arp respect-
fully mvi to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy «fc Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by the 10:40
o'clock a. m. train from Third and lownsend
streets. .
McQUAID— Tn thiscltv, March 9. 159(5. John C.
McQuaid, a native of Ireland, aged 6S years. '
MEADE— In this city. March 10, 1896, Jane, be-
loved wife of Patrick Meade and mother of
James, John and Katie Meade, a native of n.«
parish of tirestown, County >'eath, Ireland,
aged 46 years.
49* Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fuhy invited toattend tie funeral TO-MORROW
1 (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, a. m., from her. late
residence, 230 Ffibert street, thence .to ' .st.
Francis Church, Valle.io stre't, where a requiem I
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:bO a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MILLER— this city, March 10.1896, Charles;
beloved husband of Christine Miller, and father
of Charles and Lulu, son of Jacob ana Marie A.,
and brother of • Richard. Louis and ■ Emil Miller,
a native of \ Germany, aged 37 years 11 months
and 16 days. A member of Vereiu Eintracht
and Mission Turn Verei:i. •
JJfS"Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Mission Turn
Verein Hall, Eighteenth street, between Valen-
cia and Guerrero. lutermenD 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
PRATT— this city, March 6, 1896, infant son of
| Dr. a.-id Mrs. K. W. Pratt. . . . .
ROSKAMP — In South San Francisco, March 9,
1896, Henry Francis Roskamp. beloved husband .
of the late Christina Roskamp. and father of Mrs.
William Coyle, Mrs. Joseph Hagerty, Mrs. Frank
Coyle. Mrs. Charles Haserty, Henry, Louisa and
! the late Christina Roskamp. a native of • New
York, aged : 53 years 2 months and 13 days.
A member -of Exempt ; Firemen's Asso-
ciation of San Francisco, a member of San Fran-
cisco Police Department, and an honorary mem-
ber of V.'M. I. .No. 32. [New York and Phila-
delphia papers please copy.J . •
■ KS" Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
full v invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
( Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 931 Twelfth avenue, between N and
streets south, thence to All Hallows Churcn, ,
wnere I a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. \-'L -.•-■-.■.:■■ ' ■ .■-•■.-. ■
ROWE— At his residence in Chicago, 111., March
10 1896, Dr. N. Rowe, editor of the American
Field. ' . - ,V *
RYAX-In this city, March 9, 1896, Mary E.,
dearly beloved wife of Daniel Ryan, and sister of
. Mrs. Kate Kennedy, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 56 years. *
flffl-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at S:3Oo'ciock a. m.. from ncr lata .
residence, 5*7 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of :
• her soul,' commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy / Cross Cemetery. : , '•*.
SANDERS— In this city, March 10, 1896, Sarah
A., beloved wife of A. A. Sanders, and mother of
Oliver (deceased), Frank E. and Grace S. San-
ders, a native of Montreal. Canada, aged 60 years
and 10 days. • . '■.-. . ' .
gg-Frlends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toa-.tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday). at 10 o'clock a. m., from her lat*
residence, 713 Post street. Jnterment private. ,
THRALL— In tniscity. March 10, 1896, Henry
Homer Thrall, a native of Syracuse, N, V., aged
; 72 years and 2 days. . . : -
WILSON— In this city,: March 9, 1896, Robert
Bellew, beloved husband of Mary Josephine R.
Wilson, and son-in-law of James McGregor, a na-
tive of Bootle. Liverpool, England, aged 33 year*,
4t3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. lIIBV2 Treat avenue, thence to St. ".
Peter's Church, where a requiem hieh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bla soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ■•;-. : ;; '- .
I UNITISD UNDERTAKERS' |~
EMBALMING PARLORS. V
• ' Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals E
at Reasonable Rates. '
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
: McAVOY A. CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIEECTORS k EMBALMEE9,
tO VUth St. , Opp. Lincoln School. :
Telephone 8080.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIANi
X laid ont on the lawn plan perpetual care; bean* I
: Ufnl, permanent ' and easy of access; - see it befoM 5
lajylnc a burial place elsewhere.
Vltjr Offiv«* 9 City H»ll Aveoa* |
1516
THE BERKELEY
DUKE IS LOST
Fears That Young Olden
bourg Has Been
Murdered.
MISSING THREE DAYS.
He Strangely Disappeared in
This City Last Saturday
Afternoon.
HIS MONEY AND A DIAMOND.
He Carried a $500 Jewel, the Gift of a
Duchess, and a $250
Draft.
BERKELEY, Cat.., March 10.-* dark
Teil of mystery enshrouds the Jong con
tinued and wholly unaccounted for ab
sence from Berkeley of Charles Louis
Olden bourg, who, as was announced in
The Call, has prospects of inheriting the
title of Duke of Oldenbourg and a vast
estate in Germany. The last time he was
heard from was last Saturday, when he
boarded the 11:15 train from Palo Alto to
San Francisco. His brother fraternity
men at the university fear that he has
fallen the victim of foul play, and state
that his unprecedented absence is wholly
unaccountable. What gives rise to the
theory that he has been foully dealt with
is tiie fact that when L. A. Hilborn, one of
his "frat" men, left him on Saturday
Oldenbourg wore on his hand a huge dia
mond ring, valued at $500, the gift sent to
Charles Lewis Oldcnbourg, Heir to a
German Dukedom and Accompanying
.Millions. Who Was Yesterday Re
ported as Missing. His Friends Fear
Foul Play.
[From a photograph.]
him by the late Duchess of Oldenbourp,
besides bavins on his person an order on
the London. Paris and American Bank of
San Francisco for $250.
The rin* was beautifully wrought, hav
ing a circular setting of a'number of large
diamonds, and was especially attractive to
the eve.
Telegraphic dispatches and telephone
messages of inquiry have been sent to his
friends in various parts of the State by his
fraternity men- liere. asking if anything is
known of his whereabouts, but" without
avail. His sister in San Franci«co sent
several inquisitory messages to Berkeley
to-day asking if anything had been heard
from Oldenboure.
L. A. Hilborn.'r. C. '96, one of the pros
pective duke's most intimate colleee asso
ciates and a member of the same Greek
letter fraternity, stated this evening con
cerning the missing heir to royal
distinction :
"I cannot account for Oldenbourg's long
silence in any way whatsoever. 1 have
been an intimate friend of his ever since
he entered colleee and never before has he
remained away from home so long without
lotting some of us know of his whereabouts.
We expected him back to Berkeley on Sat
urday, but he did not come;" Sunday
parsed and no Oldcnboure; Monday came
and went and still nothing was heard of
him.
We began to be alarmed lest he hud
fallen the victim of foul play, and so to
day we have been sending out messages to
all his friends that we know of asking if
they have t-een him.
"What makes us credit the theory that
he has been foully dealt with, besides his
seemingly unwarranted silence, is the fact
thai he had on ids person so much money
and such an attractive ring.
"What adds still more weight to my
fears is the fact that a mysterious romance
and burden of jealousy aie connected with
the possession of the roya! heirloom. Just
what is the nature of the mystery I am un
able to state, as I only heard Oidenbourg
remark that such was the case.
"if we do not hear from him by to-mor
row I shail notify Captain Lees of the case
and at the same time telegraph his father
in Mexico the facts as I know them."
The students at tne university have been
anxious for the past four or rive clays to
see the prospective new duke and congrat
ulate him, it being a fact that he has not
been in Berkeley since the announcement
of his success, but he has not appeared.
The theory of foul play as advanced by
i is fraternity brethren has caused no end
of comment among Oldenbourg's friends
and fellow-coliegians.
ANGLER GREEN'S LUCK.
He Kefused a Bait That 'Would Land
Him h Fish Commissioner.
Charles Green, a well-known angler, was
approached a few days ago by a man who
said that if he (Green) had aspirations for
the office of Fish Commissioner the op
portunity was now at hand for him to de
clare himself.
The stranger proved to be a political
schemer who was trying to make a few
dollars from anglers who would have no
objection to be Fish Commissioners. He
stated to Green that he had a strong pull
politically, and that if Green would ad
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U.S. Gov't Report
Rti^l Baking
ABSOLUTELY PURE
• • .. . ■ ■- .- ■,-.•■ -. - . '■.■/■.■■■ .--.
vance him some money, so that he
could make a fight for him in the clubs he
represented. Green's chances of being ap
pointed a Fish Commissioner on the new
board were excellent. Green did not bite
at the tempting bait offered, but it is quite
probable that the sharper has won some
money from those who are easily hood
winked.
Some of the anglers who visited Point
Reyes last Sunday had very good success.
Among the lucky bait fishermen were
John Benn, who caught two large fish,
"Doc" Simpson two fish, R. McMillan
three fish. Al Smith and R. McFarland
caught one each. Thirteen large fish were
landed.
A letter was received at this office yester
day from Guernevi lie, which states that fif
teen large steeiheads were caught on Sun
day in the Russian River, near Trenton
station. The catching of steeiheads above
tidewater is unlawful; the season will not
open until April 1.
Charles Precht caught about fifty small
trout last Sunday from the Sonoma creek,
near Shellville. He used trout fiies, and
reports having hail excellent sport whip
ping the sluggish water near the mouth of
the creek.
Harlow White has been appointed chair
man of the Olympic Gun Club annex,
which body will be divided into three
classes for trap-shootinc, namely, cham
pionship, first and second. In tne first
named will appear the names of J. S. Fan
ning, C. Nauman, M. O. Feudner, Arthur
Webb, H. C. Golcher, W. J. Golcher and
C. A. Haight. A special prize will be
given to those winning the greatest num
ber of class medals during the season.
The much-talked-of bluerock shooting
tournament at Sacramento will be held on
the 29th inst. A large number of trap
shooters from this City will enter the race
for the prizes and glory.
Tne annual meeting and election of
officers of the California Inanimate Target
Association will be held at the Olympic
Club on the evening of the 21st inst.
A 100-bird bluerock shooting-match will
take place at the Oakland track on April 5.
The entrance fee has been placed at $5.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold its first
regular trap-shooting contest on Sunday at
Alameda Point.
A WOMAN FATALLY BURNED
Terrible Sufferings of the Young
Wife of G. Frank Town
send.
Her Life Might Have Been Saved but
for the Gross Stupidity of
Three Men.
Mrs. Ella Townsend, wife of G. Frank
Townsend of the Texas tamale factory,
1161 a Mission street, was fatally burned
last e/ening, and if it had not been for the
gross stupidity of three men her life
might have been saved.
She and her husband conducted the
tamale factory themselves. She was an
expert in preparing and cooking the
tamales, and her husband attended to the
customers. They occupied the entire |
ground floor. j
About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the ■.
husband left the place to deliver some
goods. Mrs. Townsend was alone, and
shortly after her husband had gone she
started a big fire in the kitchen stove.
Then she went into the front room and
filled the lamps. In doing so she un
knowingly spilled a quantity of the oil
over the front of her dress.
Mie returned to the kitchen and stood
in front of the open stove. The flames
leaped out and set fire to the oil on her
| dress and in an instant she was enveloped
;in flames. Writhing in pain the unfor
; tunate woman shrieked for help. Three;
men who were passing heard her screams
and ran into the place. They saw her in
a blaze of flame and instead of endeavor
ing to extinguish the blaze they ran out
of the place to the Receiving Hospital for
the am OuJance.
A Mrs. Jones lives on the floor above '
! and she also heard the screams. She paid
:no attention to them at first, but as
they continued she went on to the
stoop cf the first floor and saw Mrs.
Townsend on the floor of the kitchen
writhing and shrieking in her agony.
Instead of going to her assistance Mrs.
Jones simply joined her screams to those
!of the tortured woman. When she was
■ asked later why she did not help to ex- i
tinguish the flames she said sha was
afraid of the fire.
Meantime the ambulance had been hur- j
riedly got ready and Dr. Kinne accom- i
panied it. He "found the woman slowly !
roasting to death, with no one near her. j
i She was tenderly lifted into the ambu-
I lance and driven to the hospital, where ;
! Dr. Weil expressed the opinion that she j
could not live till morning. She was liter- I
ally masted from her feet to her head.
The saddest part of all is that in a few
days she would have given birth to her :
i first child. She was 23years of age, and she !
and her husband were married in Green
ville, Mich., two years ago, her maiden
name being Ella M'cGovern.
When the husband returned from dcliv
! ering the goods he was horror-stricken
j when told that his wife had been taken to
the hospital almost burned to death. He
hurried to his father and together they i
went to the hospital.
Mrs. Townsend was still conscious, and
husband and wife had a pathetic inter
view. The dying woman told him that if
help had come her own life and the life of
her unborn babe might have been saved.
The husband was heart-broken at witness
ing the terrible sufferings of his wife,
which she bore with fortitude and resig
nation.
Mrs. Townsend became delirious about 9
o'clock, and as it was evident that she
might dib at any moment, it was decided,
with her husband's consent, to perform an
operation in the hope of saving the child's
life. The operation was performed by
Drs. Weil, Bunnell and Rinne. The child
was a boy, and there was just a flicker of
life when it expired. The doctors said
that it the husband had given his consent
sooner the child's life would have been
saved.
Mrs. Townsend died about half an hour
later, and n- r body and that of her child
were taken to the Morgue.
Days to Be Remembered.
The "Red Letter Days" of the California |
Furniture Company are ones that are long and '
pleasantly remembered by the numerous pat- I
rons of that house. On these occasions furni
ture of all kinds of the most artistic and fash
ionable fief igns run be purchased at very low ]
rates. The reductions are genuine and extend
to every department in the house. The goods
offered at tne "Red Letter Day" sa.les are not
articles purchased expressly for such a sale,
but are the same ascan be found in stock in the
house the year round. The "Red Letter Sale"
for 1800 is now in progress and th? usual ex
cellent success that aitends thes>e sales is no i
exception this time. The, people of California |
only have a chance like this once a yenr and
those in need of furniture of any description
should make early selections.
Two Musicians.
Frau Materna, the well-known Wagnerlan
singer, arrived here last night by the overland
train. She will be tendered a reception at the
Palace Hotel to-morrow. Krane Ondriceit, the
Bohemian violinist, arrived with Mnie. Ma
terna.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896,
BIG COMBINE OF
LIGHT COMPANIES.
Edison Electric and the Gas
Company About to
Unite.
NEGOTIATIONS PENDING
Subject Discussed at Sessions of
the Compromise Pro
moters.
GAS STOCK HAS ADVANCED.
The Mutual Electric Company Has
Not Yet Been Admitted to the
Consolidation.
Active negotiations hare been in progress
since last Thursday to effect a consolida
tion of the San Francisco Gaslight Com
pany and the Edison Electric Light and
Power Company of tuis City.
The conferences have been conducted
with great caution to prevent discussion of
the subject on the street, yet rumors eman
ating from day to day have enhanced the
value of the gas company's stock.
On the strength of a report generally
accepted as true gas stock advanced from
81 to Bi}4 last Monday and then fell off
again to BIV3. Brokers have done consid
erable business and note an advance during
the past two weeks from 74 to %i}.£. There
is talk that the stock will go to 100 if the
consolidation is effected od favorable
terms.
As far as can be ascertained the negoti
ations have been conducted by James B.
Stetson, George W. Prescott and Joseph B.
Crockett.
A prolonged session was held Saturday
afternoon, and then it was believed that
the differences existing had been adjusted ;
but Monday morning it was learned that
several points of disagreement still existed.
Yesterday another session was held and
word passed around la*t night that the
committee would meet again to-day.
Conflicting opinions were expressed last
night. A well-known broker, who is in a
position to get early and accurate intelli
gence of th« deal, said positively that no
A Part of the Chapel at St. Joseph's Home, Showing Upon the Altar Vault the
New Painting Representing the Death of St. Joseph,
agreement bad been reached, and it was I
doubtful if the parties negotiating would
ever come to an agreement, as five or six
points of difference still existed, and
neither side was inclined to make the con
cessions necessary to a settlement.
On the other hand a well-know capital
ist, who is not at present an owner of either
gas or electric stock, said: "You may rely
on it that a consolidation has been effected.
Prescott, Stetson and Crockett, having the
i matxer in hand, will reach an amicable
' conclusion. Capital prefers compromising
to fighting.
"There may be some minor details to
be adjusted, but you will find that an
agreement has been reached on the main
question."
As far as ran be learned the Mutual
Electric Light Company, with which Al
vinza Hayward and P. B. Cornwall are
j connected, cuts no figure at present in the
negotiations for consolidation of the gas
company and the Edison corporation. It
Is possible, however, that the three cor
porations may get together and advance
the price of light throughout San Fran
cisco.
CAPTAIN GOODALL HOT.
He Tells Sir. Fillmore What He Thinks
of the Monopoly.
The Harbor Commissioners held quite a
lively session yesterday. Captain Charles
Goodall of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and Superintendent Fillmore of
the Southern Pacific exchanged compli
ments, and the honors were undoubtedly
with Captain Goodall. The trouble was ail
over a lot at the corner of Broadway and
Pacific, Drumm and Davis, which is now
used by Gooaall, Perkins & Co., ana half
of which the Southern Pacitic desires to be
fixed up as a frcightyard. "You can't
bulldoze me," said Captain Goodall, ad
dressing I'illm.ore. "You know that you
want to get your hands on the north end
of the water front in order to injure our
trade and incidentally the shipping of the
port. It only meaim the issuance of a few
more bonds on which you may or may not
pay interest, while we are putting up good
solid cash."
At this Fillmore laughed and remarked:
"A corporation, firm or individual is lucky
to be able to pay the interest on what it
owes these days."
This remark seemed to arouse Captain
Goodall, and he thundered forth: "When
you were building your road the State of
California gave you sixty acres of ground,
which will eventually be the most valuable
part of the City. Reclaim that land and
do the handling of your freight on it.
Goodall, Perkins & Co. rent month by
month from the State a lot 27.3 feet square.
On that we have spent over 512,000 in im
provements, and on it we have all the nec
essary facilities for minor repairs to our
vessels. Your corporation sends out, per
haps, two steamers a week, while the four
or five vessels owned or managed by
Goodall, Perkins & Co. are sent to sea
every day in the week. Yet the few facili
ties we have are to be curtailed and the
Southern Pacific get half of the small
apace we occupy."
The matter finally went over to give the
Commissioners an opportunity to thor
oughly investigate the matter.
Postmaster Frank McCoppin read a let
ter from Second Assistant Postmaster-
General C. Neilson. iv which the latter
said the Government would probably
sanction the streetcar system of mail de
livery in San Francisco. President Colnon
said that all the facilities necessary at the
ferries would be provided.
The question of the free fruit mar
ket came up again, and the Commis
sioners set apart Lombard street in order
to do everything possible to encourage the
movement.
Fruitstands, newsstands and all other
places in the ferry depot are to be cleared
out within thirty days. President Colnon
said it was about time the commission got
out of the "peanut business," and the
other members agreed with him.
"DEATH OF ST. JOSEPH"
A Sacred Scene Depicted Over
the Altar at St. Joseph's
Home.
Decoration of the Pretty Chapel at
the Home for Incurables Now
Completed.
The pretty chapel connected with St.
Joseph's Home Hospital, that overlooks
the whole City from the top of Park Hill,
has just been given the final interior
touches that complete its attractiveness.
Fresco art ; .sts have been at work upon
the walls for six weeks, but the greatest
achievement of their brushes is a sacred
group forming the life of a picture that
occupies the hollow half-dome above the
altar. The scene represents the death of
St. Joseph. Sitting in a large easy-chair
and apparently falling into a natural
sleep is the aged saint, with white hair
and flowing beard. Kneeling a little be
hind him at his right is the Virzin Mary,
who is watching lovingly and caressingly
over him, while Jesus at the other siae
looks with sad tenderness upon the peace
ful face.
The settings and the background are a
tropical conception, in which grass and
wild flowers and palm trees appear in the
soft hues of a twilight that shows.a distant
mountain silhouetted against the evening
sky.
The painting is by George Gumpel, who
rerently came here from Seattle, where he
did some interior decorating in the Acad
emy of the Holy Names and for the Ladies
of Our Good Help.
It was some time before an appropriate
scene could be decided upon, the choice
being limited to the death of the patron
saint of the institution, but Father Max
millian finally found a very small minia
ture painting after the Duseldorf school,
and it formed the original from which was
produced trie present laree painting cover
ing a semi-circle of nearly 700 square feet.
Ah Quay's Writ Denied.
The Supreme Court has denied the writ of
habeas corpus applied for by Ah Quay, an Oak
land Chinese, who was fined $100 for selling
lottery tickets. The fine was levied fey Judge
F. V. Woods, Judge of Police Court No. 3 of
Oakland, and the action was brought to test
the validity of the court under the present city
charter of Oakland. The writ was denied be
cause the action was not one of which the Su
preme Court should take original jurisdiction.
A Misleading Headline.
"I am going to quit reading the Farm
and Hanch," said Mrs. Verger, tossing the
agricultural paper aside.
"Why, what's the matter with it?" asked
Colonel Verger.
"I expected to read something sensa
tional in it under the head of 'Harrow
ing.' "—Texas Sifter.
The Pacific is at least a mile deeper than
any other ocean, so deep in some parts
hat it can scarcely be fathomed.
POLITICS OF ONE DAY.
Christopher A. Buckley on the
Outcome of Democratic
Politics.
MR. WARDALL ON POPULISM.
The Republican Situation Develops
Nothing and Awaits Days
to Come.
The workings of Republican politics in
San Francisco developed nothing in the
way of definite news yesterday. The Re
publican County Committee will meet on
Thursday evening, mainly to elect a suc
cessor to County Committeeman J. E.
Donovan, deceased.
The proposition for another meeting of
the State Central Committee gathered
further strength yesterday among the lead
ing Republicans of the City, but nothing
definite was determined. This and several
other matters, which are parts of the local
Republican tangle, await the develop
ments of the next two or three days and
the meeting of the executive committee of
the State Central Committee on Thursday
afternoon.
In neither the Fourth nor Fifth Con
gressional districts have the tangled af
fairs of the party developed anything new
or anything which points to a harmonious
settlement. All elements of the party are
looking forward to something in the line
of harmony and are anxious for it, but
nothing beyond the proposed meeting of
the central committee has been advanced
which affords any definite promise of sat
isfactory results. Neither of the commit
tees elected in the Fourth District have
held further meetings, or are likely togao
so before the meeting of the executive
committee on Thursday. It is still likely
that before that day a meeting of the cum
mitteemen of the Fifth District called for
Redwood City will be rearranged, though
Messrs. Ayer, Keefe and Ross of Santa
Clara and San Mateo counties still consti
tute an independent faction, the purposes
of which are little understood. To-day
and to-morrow will likely develop a num
ber of facts and promises.
FATE OF DEMOCRATS.
Chris Buckley and Others on the
Democratic State Central
Committee.
The Buckleyites on one hand and Gavin
McNab, W. P. Sullivan and others of the
Junta were extremely busy yesterday in
preparing for the Donny brook fair which
is expected to occur on Saturday when
the Democratic State Central Committee
meets at the California Hotel. They were
also busy about preparations for the re
spective meetings of their general com
mit tees.
The Buckley general committee will
meet at Odd Fellows' Hall on Wednesday
evening, adopt lone, serious and forcible
resolutions setting forth the regularity
and right of their organization; create an
executive committee of ninety members,
whicu Avill in future be the practical
County Committee; appoint an able com
mittee to represent them before the State
Central Committee and talk a good deal
about these and other things.
The Junta's general committee will meet
on Thursday evening and probably adopt
long and torcible resolutions in support
of the right and regularity of their organi
zation, appoint an able committee to rep
resent them before the State Central Com
mittee and talk a good deal about these
and other things.
The main question of interest regarding
the meeting of the Junta's general com
mittee on Thursday night is whether or
not there will be a pitched battle between
the Rainey and anti-Rainey forces, the
Daggett and Lanigan strength in thecom
mitiee beinc credited to the Rainey side.
Gavin McNub and Chairman Sullivan are
making every effort to arrange things by
compromise or otherwise, so that there
will be no pitched battle, and so that an
appearance of harmony will attend the
meeting. Unless they do good and shrewd
politics between now and Thursday even
ing, the merry row they are seeking to
avoid will occur. No truce has yet been
arranced with the Maxwell forces of the
Forty- fourth District, and the Ralney-
Daggett forces are yet in the attitude of
war.
The defeat of the Junta strongly appears
to be sealed by the strength which Kamey
displays in the Junta's new general com
mittee. The shrewdest observers on all
hides who are best acquainted with the
makeup of the new ueneral committee
credit Rainey, Daggett and Lunigan with
having a majority of about seventy in the
new committee. It is both possible and
likely that Rainey will not consider it
good politics to display this strength on
the eve of the meeting of the State Central
Committee, and thnt at the meeting of the
Junta's general committee on Thursday
evening the proceedings will appear to be
a defeat for Rainey.
But whether Rainey displays his control
or not, his large strength in the committee
is depended upon by both the Bucklevites
and the independent Democrats to defeat
any proposition in favor of the recogni
tion of the Junta by the State Central
Committee.
SUFFRAGISTS INDIGNANT.
Accuse Frances K. Willard of a Viola-
tlon of Faith.
The woman suffragists regard with any
thing but hospitality the intention to hold
a National Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union convention in this State.
That is, those women suffragists who are
not members of the white ribbon army
are opposed to the holding of the conven
tion in California this year. They allege
that the choice is a most unwise one, and
that such suffragists as are to be found in
the W. C. T. U. ranks are Deiujj misled by
a fanatical spirit.
"Wait a while," was the warning the
Simon pure suffragists nave ihe followers
of two banners, when the matter of hold
ing the National Convention here was first
agitated. But the white ribboners didn't
see it that way. They urged their claims
for the convention and have received the
assurance that it will be held here the
second week in November. The Native
Sons' Hall has been engaged for the oc
casion and an earnest effort is being put
forth to secure a much increased member
ship in order to niake a good showing be
fore the convention.
Those who meet at the high councils,
or are close to those having authority
therein, say that Miss France* E. Wiliard,
leader of the Temperance Union, has vio
lated a promise made to their com mander
in-chief, Miss Susan B. Anthony. They
aver that Miss Anthony told Miss Wiliard
that California is a viticulturist State,
hence the convention of temperance
women would antagonize a large propor
tion of its citizens. She assured her that
the assembling of her clans at this time
would tend toward the defeat of the
eleventh amendment to the constitution
of California, because voters would con
found the objects and work of the two
forces. It/is claimed that Miss Wiliard
gave her promise that the convention
should not be held in California this year,
and that the authoritative announcement
thnt the plan would be adhered to aroused
much ind'gnation on the part of the
suffragists who believed they had been
"tricked."
"And now," said one of the indignant
ones yesterday, "our only hope is that
they won't be able to get transportation."
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS^
LIB DEPARTMENT!
THE LARGEST AND
MOST COMPLETE STOCK
AT
The Lowest Prices!
We have just received an enormous
shipment of HOUSEKEEPING LINEN
GOODS in both IRISH AND GERMAN
MAKES, and as they come to us direct
from the manufacturers, we are enabled
to sell them at extremely low prices. The
collection includes TABLE DAMASKS,
DAMASK LINEN SETS, LUNCH SETS,
DAMASK NAPKINS, HEMSTITCHED
LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
DOYLIES, DAMASK TOWELS, HUCK
TOWELS, TRAY CLOTHS, HEMSTITCH-
ED SCARFS, LINEN SHEETS, GLASS
LINENS, CRASHES, STAND COVERS,
BATH SHEETS. Turkish Towels, Pillow
Linens, all widths, and Richardson's cele-
brated 4-4 Irish Linens.
■ i=: SPECIAL ! — =3-
-500 dozen Satin Damask Napkins, 25
inches square (Irish manufacture), new
designs - - - - Price $2.50 a dozen
Housekeepers should examine our stock
of above goods.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
FOR THE LEPER PATIENTS
The Goto Remedy to Be Im
ported for the Pesthouse
People.
An Anonymous Voluntary Donation
From Stockton— Gratitude of
the Afflicted.
The recent request of the lepers at the
Pesthouse for the Goto remedy through a
letter written to Supervisor Benjamin was
not made in vain, as many generous re
sponses are coming in. Mr. Benjamin
now has over half of the $200 needed to
purchase the celebrated leprosy medicine
in Japan.
Besides the sums contributed elsewhere
The Call has received two voluntary do
nations, the first about two weeks ago, in
closed in a note signed "M. R. — M. F."
Yesterday another gift was received
through this office, wl.ich was promptly
turned over to Supervisor Benjamin. It
was a new dollar bill inclosed in the fol
lowing note:
Stockton, Cal., March 7, 1896.
To the Editor oj The Call— Dear Sir: Having
seen in your paper that money was being
raised to purchase medicine for the lepers, I
inclose a dollar, which I nsk you to give to the
proper persons for that purpose, and oblige.
The written note was anonymous, but
tbe dollar note is not and it is as welcome
as the sender is modest. Such a spirit
will bring the remedy to those unfortu
nates at the Pesthouse.
Supervisor Benjamin states that he has
been unable on acconint of sickness to
make anything like a canvass for dona
tions, but so far $111 has been voluntarily
donated.
"Dr. Fitch, who is well acquainted with
the Goto remedy, having used it himself
in the Hawaiian Islands," said Mr. Benja
min, "thinks that $200 worth of the medi
cine is enough for a good trial. Allof the
members of the Board of Health and
every physician I have spoken to are
anxious to see the remedy tried here. So
1 am going ahead to collect the money.
There is no fund for this purpose or we
would rind a way to buy the remedy; con
sequently we have to procure it by contri
butions.
"The patients themselves are overjoyed
at the prospect of getting a treatment that
will alleviate some or their unspeakable
misery. I received the following letter
from . Frank Bindt, the leper, a few
days ago:
Twenty-sixth Street Hospital, March 7.
Mr. Benjamin— Peak Sir: Your kind favor of
the sth inst. reached me this morning, as did
also the copy of The Call containing iliat en
couraeing and interesting account of wha; has
been thus far accomplished.
I wish to thank you on behalf of all the
patients for toe kind interest you have shown
for our welfare. AYe fully appreciate the fact
that were it not for your kindness it would be
impossible for us to obtain these Japanese
remedies. Very gratefully yours,
, Frank Bindt
P. S.— The patients out here are nearly wild
w th delight at the prospect of soon having
these remedies. 1". H.
"I think" continued Mr. Benjamin,
"that it would be an excellent idea for
The Call to announce in its columns that
any contribution, no matter how large
or "small, if sent to the oflice, will be
placed in the proper hands for the benetit
of the lepers. Those poor fellows out
there, condemned by their misfortuno to a
lingering death, are often in need of small
things, such as clothing, especially under
clothing. The City feeds and lodges them,
but provides nothing else. A iittie money
judiciously expended for them now
and then would add much to their com
fort and go far toward mitigating; the
horrors of their existence. 1 fet'l <» great
interest in them and will not oeaae my
little efforts in their behalf until I see their
condition bettered.
"When I get the necessary $200 I will
see Collector Wise and have theVeraedy
admitted here free of duty. "W*ien it is
received it will be placed in the hands of
the proper physicians, who will treat the
lepers with it in a manner calculated to
bring about the best results."
Acting upon the Supervisor's sugges
tion The Call will receive any donation,
contribution orgift intended for the lepers,
which will be placed in Mr. Benjamin's
hands.
NEW MINING COMPANY.
Claims in the Pine Peak District to Be
Developed Soon.
The Oro Camino Gold Mining Company,
composed of prominent Oakland and Sun
Francisco mining men, has been incor
porated with a capital of $100,000. Among
those interested in the corporation are:
"William Butterfield, >'. G. Butterfield, A.
X. Hungerford, E. C. Rigney and W. S.
O'Brien.
The company's claims are situated in
the Pine Peak mining district, Calaveras
County, and active operations in develop
ing the properties will be begun in the
near future.
NEW TO-DAY.
FURNITURE
FOR
4 ROOMS
$75-
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 6-Peice Suit, plasfc
trimmed.
Bedroom— 7-Peiee Elegant Snlt, bed, bureau,
■ washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pU*
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dining-Koom— Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs. > ; ■ >.
Kitchen— Kange, Patent Kitchen Table and twe
Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any« ■
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306. Stockton
and 23 7 Post Street.
. j|y Free packing and delivery across the bay. ,
PATRONIZE i HOME INDUSTRY.
lilt ItlliKlT FKOM TDE
MANUFACTURER.-
RKFINKI* JtAR1R0N. ..... .81.75 ba««
ANGLE 1R0N...... ............ "\-2.25 flat
BAND 1R0N....... 2.00 **
Kound Edge Tiro Steel '..'.. 2.00 flat
Toe " .:. 2:40 "
Plow " ......... 2.25 "
German Hammered " 3.75 bas«
ricW " OO "
Machinery. " 2.00 "
Spring? " ....... 2.50 ••
(nlil Rolled " ••» 3.25 ■■:,**
Finlnhed charting 3.25 ••
Terms .•— Casfi. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUOSON M'F'G. GO.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COAL! COAL !
\Veninet0n................"..?1000 ....
Boutiiflpid ..:......:.:.....:.. .9 50 ■ ....
i. (m .iiiftMii«y ........ .. 7 00— Half ton ■Sso .
heattle ....................... 8 00— Halt too 4 Oil
BrvAiii ....;................. 00-Hair toa 4on
■ .'reiopuone— Black— 3s. _
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
- :■■■*<■■■ 083 Howard Street. Near Ciriltb