■
VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 105.
NEW LIGHT SHED
ON THE DISPUTE
Venezuela Sends Important
Information to the
Commission.
TACTICS OF THE BRITISH
Daring Attempts to Grab the
Gold Fields of Invaded
Territory.
PEOTEST AGAINST USURPATION
At One Time It Was Feared That
England Would S^ize the En
tire Orinoco River.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13. -The
Venezuelan Commission, at its regular
meeting to-day with all the members pres
ent, virtually reached the conclusion that
the main points at issue in the dispute
hinged on documents lying in the royal
archives of Spain and Holland, and per
haps some other countries, and that
while such documents would probably be
quoted by each of the disputants in sup
port of the contradictory claims presented,
the duty would devolve on the commis
sion not only to verify by actual exainina
tfon all such citations, but. if practicable,
to develop contemporary documents which
might throw strong side lights upon the
evidence submitted.
While definite action was postponed
until the full British and Venezuelan case
shall have been formally brought under
consideration, there remains no doubt that
some of ihe commissioners, or, at ail
events the secretary of the commission,
Mr. Mallet-Prevost, and agents under his
direction, will soon be sent to Madrid and
The U&ga«.
It is explained that this determination is
nut due to the alleged di covery of mis
quotations in decrees and treaties already
in the commission's possession, but from
the conviction that the final decision of
the commission ought not to be open to
any attack as to inconclusiveness of the
pivotal evidence upon which such decision
will in all probability be found to depend.
In the preliminary investigations of the
commissioners they have been confronted
with numerous diametrically conflicting
..-.Mid translations. While geograph
ical discrepancies are within the power of
-the commission to harmonize through the
tiiiormous mass of corroborative charts it
commands, comparatively indecipherable
and partial illegibility of royal decrees are
thought to be matters which necessitate
personal and expert examination.
The commission expects to be in pos
i of the British Blue Book as well as
the greater part ot Venezuela's case early
next w< ek, and in view of this anticipation
Coudert and Oilman, who have hitherto
spent little time in Washington, will re
main here for the present for daily meet
ings, at -which the weighing and com
parison of evidence will be prosecuted con
tinuously. No one of the commissioners
has yet hcd an opportunity to carefully ex
amine the British case, as the only avail
able copy that has reached them was one
of the advance edition sent by Embass.ador
Bayard to the State Department, which
may contain typographical or other errors
incident to hasty prepaiation. The regu
lar copies for the commission will arrive
here, in all probability, to-morrow even
ing or Monday next. While access to a
State Department copy ha 3 been allowed,
there has been no opportunity to examine
it fully.
The agents of Venezuela have presented
to the Venezuelan Commission, among
other documents, the official report of the
Minister of the Interior at Carat as to the
Minister of Foreign Relations, dated May
23. 1960, consisting of forty printed pagi-s,
(> v< ring the radical advances of the Brit
ish colonial officers into the disputed ter
ritory following the rich discoveries of gold
from 1885 to 1890, as investigated by a na
tional committee appointed by Venezuela
to make a scientific exploring expedition
in Guiana territory. The elaborate report
of this commission is now forthe first time
di.sclosed, and shows, according to the tes
timony of the British magistrates and
others in the territory, that as late as 1883
no British settlements existed even as far
west as the Pomaroon River.
As iate as 1888 the settlements are re
ferred to by the English as the '-lecently
acquired district," and the colonial Gov
ernment is shown tobeeierting its author
ity in every way to rush emigrants into
the interior, its success in some degree
being shown by these figures of gold ex
j.oris: 1885, 939 ounces; 1886, 6518 ounces;
1887, 11, 90*3 ounces; 1888, 14,510 ounces; and
for tne first six months of 1889, 14,424
ounce«.
These documents, and especially those
relating to Venezuela's formal protest
against the usurpation, seem to place Vis
count Geoimanston, Governor of British
Guiana, in the light of suppiessing the
tacts, although it is shown that he was in
constant communication with Lord Salis
bury. Testimony is adduced to demon
strate that the British authorities were
most generous to the Indians, thereby
securing access to the gold districts in the
interior deserted by Venezue'ans.who were
attracted by British b'amd is-hnients to the
coast settlements.
The publication has been submitted
without argument, Venezuela relying alto
gether upon the simple statement of
fiicts. It appears from the Venezuelan
official report of the Guiana-boundary d.is
].ute that the expedition was sent out be
cause Venezuela became alarmei lest the
British should attempt to seize te entire
Orinoco River and prevent the republic
Irom using it in anyway. The c ief ex
ecutive of the commission, R. F. Zeigas,
formerly Venezuelan Minister to England,
found everything to confirm the most seri
ous fears of his Government, and only
through his energetic protests to the colo
nial Governor and the activity of Vene
zuelan Ministers abroad was the policy of
The San Francisco Call.
the boundary extension temporarily
lowed to rest by Lord Salisbury.
"IT IS VXWAitItAXTABLE."
The Demand That Knalund Jlust Arbi-
trate the JHtpute.
LONDON, England, March 13.— The St.
James Gazette says that the Venezuelan
dispute will not be settled until the United
States no longer insists that we must
arbitrate before it upon terms fixed by
itself. The more quickly the British and
American nations understand that this
demand is unwarrantable the greater like
lihood there will be of a settlement upon
other lines than the ignominous retreat of
Great Britain.
DOUBTS NANSEN'S SUCCESS.
Antarctic Explorer Borchgrevink Will Seek
the South Magnetic Pole Next
September.
WASAINGTON, D. C, March 13.— C. E.
Borchgrcvink, the ijTorwegian Antarctic
explorer, who arrived here to-day, doubts
the success of Nansen as reported recently.
He knew Nanseo as a boy; they grew up
together in Christiania and attended the
same schools. He says of the report from
Siberia:
"I do not regard it as probable, coming
as fhe news does iji the dead of winter. I
am not at all certain that he followed the
currents as indicated, because of my
knowledge that Nansen did not place
credence in the drift theory himself. In a
private letter, just before his expedition
sailed, he expressed doubts as to that
course, and said it was hut a faint theory."
Mr. Borchgrevink announces that he
himself proposes to start from England in
September next on an expedition to dis
cover the south magnetic pole, from which
he anticipates incalculable benefit to
science.
HARRISON IN THE MIDST.
The Ex-President Had Difficulty in Extricat
ing Himself From Fighting
Students.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 13.—
During the oratorical contest to-nicht the
Butler students hung outn piece of canvas
with a woman caricatured upon it, and
beneath it the words: "Earlham-Humilia
tion."
The Earlham struJcrts construed this
into a reflection upon Miss Gertrude Sim
mons, the Indian maiden who represented
that institution, and hisses were hearo!
from all parts of the opera-house. A few
moments later an umbrella fell from the
upper boxes to the floor, and the Butler
students tried to recover it. Tlie Earlham
students made a rush for it. and a fight
ensued in which some fifty engaged, and
which was stopped only when a detail of
police arrived. Ex-President Harrison
was in the midst of the struggling mass of
humanity, but finally extricated himself
and left the scene.
MOB VIOLENCE FEARED.
The Lcuisville Legion Ready to Protect the
Suspected Murderers of Pearl
Bryan,
LOUISVILLE, March 13.— The Louis
ville Legion is now holding itself in readi
ness to be ordered to Covington at any
time. Colonel Castleman yesterday re
ceived orders from headquarters to get
both battalions ready to move at an hour's
notice. Preparations have been pro
ceeded with quietly and all notices have
been most confidential.
The object is to prevent mob violence to
the murderers of Pearl Bryan should any
be attempted. Jackson and Walling are
to be tried in Cincinnati to-morrow and
there is apprehension of trouble on account
of the strong feeling existing in Covington
and Newport.
Llxcitetnent is running high among the
Legion boys and the army to-nignt pre
sents a very warlike appearance.
NICARAGUA^ REBELS DEFEATEi
An Important Battle Lasted Four Hours
and the Government Forces Were
Victorious.
NEW YORK, N.Y., March 14.— The Her
ald's correspondent in Managua, Nicara
gua, cables that 1000 rebels were defeated
at Pita), near Momotombo. The battle
lasted four hours. The Government troops
were commanded by General Pniz, Pablo
Reyes, Emiliano Herrero and Bodan. The
rebel loss was heavy. The enemy was pur
sued by Federal troops.
An engagement in which the rebels were
defeated also occurred at El Jablon, be
tween Lapaz and Nagarote, Thursday.
The insurgent loss was thirty-five killed
and eighty wounded. Forty-two prisoners
were taken by President Zelaya's men.
One cannon and quantities of arms and
provisions were captured. The principal
families of Leon have fled to Honduras.
PREFERS TO STAY IN JAIL
An Embezzler of State Funds
Who Appears to Be Very
Penitent.
Downfall of the Secretary and Treas
urer of the lowa Pharmacy
Commission.
DES MOINES, lowa, March 13.— S. J.
Spaulding. secretary and treasurer of the
State Commission of Pharmacy, w.ns ar
rested to-day for embezzlement. He has
custody of fees collected by the board and
for some time has beer, suspected of
irregularities.
It was impossible to get absolute proof,
and nobody had access to his bankbook. It
was learned that he had lost large amounts
on the Chicago Board of Trade, and to-day
the commission flatly accused him of los
ing the money. He confessed and states
he has lost about $15,000 of fees and $6800
of his own money. YVhen taken into court
and asked if he desired to give bonds, he
said be did not, as lie was unwilling to go
abroad again in ihe community. He went
to jail of his own accord.
fieretand Will Write.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13.-A Sun
special from Washington says: It is again
reported that President Cleveland is about
to write a letter announcing that he does
not intend t<> have his name presented to
the Chicago convention for renotninat.on.
There is also a report that Cleveland's
friends are preparing to make an aggressive
light to secure nis renomination.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 14, 1896.
DEMOCRACY COMES TO TOWN.
CUBAN LEADERS
WAIT FOR ARMS
Gomez and Maceo Are Not
Ready for a Big
Battle.
EVADE AN ENGAGEMENT
Roving Bands of Insurgents Con
tinue to Prevent the Grind
ing of Cane.
MINOR VICTORIES ARE WON.
Some News From the Disturbed Island
That Did Not Come Through
a Censor's Hands.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 13. —Gomez,
the rebel commander-in-chief, was re
ported near Jovelianos, province of Matan
zas, yesterday. Maceo has entered the
province of Havana. He is said to have a
strong force, but refused an engage ment»vith
the combined columns of Vicuna Burnal,
Inclan, Prats, Tort, Molina and Alamanza.
A battalion is now in active pursuit of
him.
All of the 17,000 additional troops sent
from Spain since the middle of February
have arrived and been equipped for service.
Most of them are now in the field. Some
6000 are being held in Havana and its
outskirts aa a precaution against disturb
ances in the city. The new troops were
better than the average sent from Spain
and should give a good account of them
selves.
Nine important towns hare been laid m
ruins, tobacco-houses have been burned
and a large portion of the great tobacco
district is a waste. -
Gomez has been in Mantanzas province
alK>ut two weeks, and Maceo has also been
there during the past week. Witn their
two columns aggregating 12,000, and the
column of Lacret and others, they have
effectively prevented owners of sugar es
tates from obeying the order of General
Weyler to begin grind lug. '
Cane has been burned from one end of
the province to the other, but buildings
and machinery have not "been harmed, so
far as can be learned. The outlook for any
more grinding in Matanzas and Havana
pr vinces is not bright. In addition to
burning cane, many railroad culverts and
bridges have been totally destroyed, dyna
mite being used in some cases.
Half a dozen columns of troops are hav
ing aniJy skirmishes with the rear guards
or outposts of Gomez and Maceo. By the
time a sufficient force of Government
troops is brought up to make an effective
attack, the insurgents, being all mounted,
move on. Tney apparently have sufficient
ammunition for these skirmishes, but have
not enough to make a decided stand.
There is no qnestion that if rifles anu am
munition are landed in any quantity there
will be many more men in the field, and
hot tights will follow almost immediately.
VICTORIES OF IJSSUKO&STS.
Some Xeu>» That - Escaped <- the I'm*
- ' • ' •• Censor* Supervision. :'■' ; :
; KEY WEST, Fla., March ! 13.— Private
advices receive*! in this city by the steamer
, Olivette ; irom Havana, dated March 10, at
General Aguirre's headquarters, report a
battle at the town of Jiguiabo, in which
the rebels defeated a detachment of
Spanish troop's, capturing all their arms
and ammunition.
. The insurgents, under the command of
Major Paul Arrango, captured the town of
San Antonio de Rio Blanco, half a milo
from the city of JanVco, which was guarded
by a detach men; of A S§A«iah volunteers.
At |th c \ approach of the" < insurgents the
volunteers sent a commission to the insur
gent leader, offering i, to : surrender. -. They
delivered about eighty rifles', and '.■;■ 2000
rounds of ammunition, and twenty volun
teers deserted and followed the insurgents.
Arrango went in the direction* of the Ovi
deo plantation. There they were ambushed
by 300 Spanish troops. They charged the
troops, dislodged them and drove thcru in
great disorder from the field. The troops
left twenty dead and the insurgents lost six
killed and two wounded.
From Ovi^eo plantation the insurgents
went in the direction of Campos de
Florida, where they met a train carrying
500 troops. They wrecked the train and de
feated the troops, killing many and cap
turing a lot of arms and ammunition.
Jose Azoui and 127 other Cuban sympa
thizers have been transferred to Morro
Castle dungeons, where their sufferings are
something terrible. They are fed on bread
and water, and are compelled to sleep on
the damp eround amid a lot of tilth.
On the 10th inst., six small Cuban boys
were met on the public road by a detach
ment of Spanish troops, who fired on the
boys, killing them.
At Palraos de Pedroso the Spanish troops
entered the town, killing everybody in
sight. It is said fifteen persons were shot,
and among the killed was a man named
Perdomo, an American citizen.
CONSIDER EH BY CLEFEIjAXn.
The I' resident Giving Attention to Affairs
in Vubn.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 13.— The
President is known to be giving much
attention to the situation in Cuba. So far
as can be learned nothing definite has yet
been the outcome of his consideration.
Rumors that an investigating committee
or an army officer has been or will be sent
to Cuba does not find corroboration
among well-informed officials. Several
army officers have applied for leave of ab
sence with permission to go to Cuba, but
the permission asked for was refused.
While it is not believed at the War De
partment that any of the officers who
made such application desired to take
part in the present hostilities it was
deemed best to keep them away from
Havana.
It is obviously im^. i. ]f that any
American army officer should have vitited
Cuba under present condition? without his
presence being promptly reported.
It is aiso learned tbat permission to go
to Bermuda and other British fortified
ports near the United States coast has
been refused to United States army officers
since Mr. Clevelapd's Venezuelan message
was sent to Congress. The reason for this
is obvious. American officers must be
held in distrust as persons seeking infor
mation about the British forti heat ions,
and the AVar Department did not propose
to take any chances.
A HUX oir "BLVK JAY."
Canted Oreat Exritetnent in the Colorado
Mining Exchange.
DENVER, Colo., March 13.— A run on
Blue Jay caused intense excitement on the
Colorado Mining Exchange to-day and
over half a million shares were sold at
prices from 6 t0 29 cents. It is reported to
night that but lilt c stock has been issued
and some of the orokers will have diffi
culty in making settlements. The excite
ment was due to a report of a great strike
on the property. Later in the day a report
was afloat that officers in the Blue Jay
Company had combined to raise the price
so as to secure money to meet payments
due next week. For a mouth the mining
stock market has been lifeless, but to-day's
excitement has set the speculators crazy.
A livelier time is predicted lor to-morrow.
MOVES FLASHED
UNDER THE OCEAN
Opening of the Greatest
Chess Tournament
on Record.
EXPERTS ARE PITTED.
Games Played Simultaneously at
Brooklyn and London for
the Championship.
AMERICANS EXPECTED TO WIN
On Both Sides of the Atlantic Many
Persons Watch the Prelimi
nary Battle.
LONDON, Enq., March 13.— The British
team which did duty in the international
ches3 match between the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland on the one
side and the United States of America on
the other, conducted their games in the
Pillar Hall of the Cannon-street Hotel in
this city to-day. The affair created the
greatest interest and no end of enthusi
asm. At about 2 o'clock the hall began to
fill with the most notable persons known
in metropolitan chess circles, the arrange
ments being supervised by Sir George
Newnes, the president of the British Chess
Club. Among those present were the
president of the City Chess Club, a good
many officials of the Metropolitan, Bo
hemian, St. George's and other chess clubs.
A friendly greeting sent over by the
American team from the Brooklyn Chess
Club was very cordially received and
caused much applauding when read by
Sir George Newnes to a brilliant assem
blage of chess experts. Sir George also
announced that owing to the indisposi
tion of the British player, O. E. Jones, E.
M. Jackson had to take his place on the
team. Before the beginning of the match
the general opinion prevailing here was
that the American team was decidedly
stronger than the British.
In the course of the play the opinion
about the strength of the American team
and the expectation of an American vic
tory was borne out by the positions arrived
at in several of the games. The admira
tion for Showalter's brilliant and dashing
attack in his game against Burn was gen
erally shown and no end of flattering re
marks were made by the spectators about
the Kentuckian.
Pillsbury, too, had Blackburn at his
mercy. an«.i Gunsberg, who was one of
those present, remarked to some other
bystanders that Pilhbury had an easy win
by playing 19 11 x B Ch. The spectators
were more surprised when Pillsbury later
on played 26 X r B 7, losing thereby a most
valuable piece, and general regret pre
vailed at the accident. Jackson' splay was
very much appreciated by his many
friends, but speaking generally the British
ers found it very hard work indeed to cope
with the American players, and they were
rather glad when time was called, half an
hour earlier than originally agreed upon.
Among the numerous spt ctators was the
Lord Chief Justice.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13.— The
international chess match which opened
to-day between the United Kingdom of
GreaJ Britain and Ireland against an
American team, a contest which was
played on eight boards, the moves being
forwarded between this and the British
end by cable, the length of the wire being
3483 miles, was the biggest chess spectacle
ever known in this country. The hand
some and beautifully decorated hall in
the Bank building at Court and Remsen
streets, Brooklyn, was the scene of action
in this country. Over 1500 spectators, in
cluding an extraordinarily large number
of ladies, were present during the fight.
While the players were placed on a large
platform, with their boards and men
placed on tables in front of them, the
moves made on these boards were repeated
on very large boards which were sus
pended on the walls of the hall, and
every spectator present had a chance of
seeing the game at every stage during the
progress of the fight.
Most interest was centered in the games
played by Pillsbury and Sbowalter. It is
a pity that Pillsbury threw away his
chances of winning when he had the vic
tory within easy grasp. Showalter, how
ever, is surely going to win his pame to
morrow when play will be resumed.
After players had been paired and after
it had been ascertained which players
would have to conduct the white and which
of them the black pieces play commenced
at about 10 o'clock and was continued until
6:30, with an hour's interval between 2 and
3 o'clock.
The details of the play:
First table— Pillsbury (A) against Blackburn
(B); Queen's gambit, 35 moves. Pillsbury got
the best of the game In the opeuiug aud middle
game, but for an ill-considered move he might
have won straight cut. As it was he had to
give up a piece and he will brobably lose to
morrow.
Second table— Burn (B) vs. Showalter (A),
Queen's gambit declined, 35 moves. Showalter
excelled in this game by brilliant and dashing
tactics, and, barring accident, he will win to
morrow, i
Third table— Burille (A) vs. Bird (B), Ph Q4
opening, 40 moves. This was a pretty game
and full of interest because of Bird's irregular
style of play. At the call of time the game
looked even. »
Fourth table— Tinsley (B.) vs. Barry (A.)
Queen's gambit declined, 29 moves. This game
was evenly conducted throughout, the po
sitions being equal at adjournment to-night.
Fifth table— Hymes (A.) vs. Locock (B.), Ruy
"Lopez, 32 moves. At first Locock had the ad
vantage, then Hymes gained in position, and
honors stood easy to-night.
Sixth table— Mills (13.) vs. Hodges (A.), Ruy
Lopez, 34 moves. This was a pretty and even
fight all along the game, neither side being
able to claim an advantage at the adjourn
ment.
Seventh table— Delmar (A.) vs. Atkinson (B).
PQ 4 opening, 33 moves. These play
ers conducted this game very cleverly and in
spite of repeated trials neither side could make
much impressions and so things stood at the
adjournment.
Kizhth table — Jackson (B.) vs. Baird (A.),
Guioao piano, 30 moves. Jackson's bril
liant play will probably carry victory in this
game to be resumed to-morrow for Baird's
chnnce looked hopeless to-day.
Play will be resumed to-morrow at 10
o'clock to be continued until 7 p. m., when
the games left unfinished will be adju
dicated.
DIED FROM A BROKE* HEART.
Sad Circumstances Connected With the
Demise of a Voted Hector in
New Jersey.
LONG BEACH, N. J., March 13.— The
sudden death Wednesday night of the
Rev. Dr. E. D. Tompkins, for the last
Twenty-live years rector of St. James Prot
estant Episeopel Church, was a great
shock to the com inanity.
The circumstances surrounding his
death are extremely sad. L<atoly he had
noticed a marked change in the de
meanor of his parishioners toward him.
Last Sunday morning when he appeared
in the church not a single worshiper was
in the church. This was too much for him,
and returning to the parsonage he wrote
out his resignation. He then took to his
bed, where he remained until his death.
It is given out that death resulted from
nervous prostration, but it is generally be
lieved that he died from a broken heart.
Outside of his immediat^parish he was be
loved by the entire community, and the
people are still at a loss to understand the
cause of the sudden affront put on him,
except it be his tendency to the high
church form of worship, which to some of
the members appeared objectionable.
INDEPENDENCE OFFERED
England Ready to Relinquish
Suzerainty Over the
Transvaal.
Kruger, However, Must First Redress
the Grievances of the Uit« <
landers.
LONDON, Eng., March 13.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria, the capital of the Transvaal, say
ing that President Kruger is considering
an important dispatch which he received
through Sir Hercules Robinson, the British
High Commissioner in South Africa, in
which Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, the
British Colonial Secretary, suggests the
abrogation of the Anglo-Boer convention
of 1884 which gives suzerainty to Great
Britain if the Transvaal will redress the
grievances of the Uitlanders and enfran
chise the British subjects in the Transvaal
who desire to become burghers.
Mr. Chamberlain al~o suggested a treaty
of amity, by the terms of which Great
Britain will guarantee the independence
of the Transvaal.
President Kruger has intimated that he
■will reply to the dispatch in about three
days. The dbpatch adds that the prepara
tions that have been made for Preident
Kruger's visit to England indicate that he
will probably start very shortly.
HATVBAJj GAS EXPLODES.
It Wreck* a Building and Burn* Eleven
Men.
. CINCINNATI, Ohio, March.l3.— A curi
ous and unavoidable 'accident took place
to-day at Rheniistrom r Bros.' distillery.
; Workmen j have ; been >1 or >; several , day
boring 'artesian "well ; to improve the
water supply of : the distillery. This after
noon, at a depth of 200 feet, a strong flow
: of natural gas was struck. The gas gushed
forth in such quantities that the room "was
'quickly, tilled. £; As soon as the gas reached
, the iurhace a violent explosion ■; took place,
1 wrecking the building ! and seriously burn
ing eleven men who were unable to escape
in time.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ITALY APPEARS
READY FOR PEACE
Progress of Negotiations
Made With King
Menelik.
VETERANS REASSURED.
Temporary Check in the Wild,
Flight to Escape Duty in
Abyssinia.
OVERTURES ONLY TO GAIN TIME
Another Great War in the Soudan
May Grow Out of the Anglo-
Egyptian Expedition.
ROME, Italy, March 13.— Official con
firmation has been received of the rumor
that negotiations were in progress to bring
about peace between Italy and Abyssinia.
Tne news has given general satisfaction,
for tne great mass of the people have been
opposed to the war, especially when there
were prospects that reserves would b«*
called out to serve in Abvssiuia.
Ever since this action seemed probable
men who were liable for military service
have been fleeing from Italy. The rail
roads into France have been loaded down
witii refugees. And this flight to avoid
service in the army, instead of diminish
ing, has been increasing uitil it is about
reaching the point of a panic.
News was received to-day that the whole
garrison at Verona has deserted and has
crossed the Austrian border into Tyrol,
tnking their arms with them. Hundreds
of Italian deserters are crossing the Aus
trim border every day.
The news from Africa continues dis
heartening. The Abyssinian King
threatens the Italian garrison at Adigrat
with annihilation, and the situation is al
most equally dangerous further north, in
the neighborhood of Kassaia. The Der
vishes are closing in on that town in large
numbers.
News was received to-day by the Gov
ernment authorities of another Italian
defeat. A large force of Dervishes attacked
Sabdevali, a small place between Adisrat
and Kassala. The Italian garrison, greatly
outnumbered, was driven from the place
and retreated to the hil!s. The loaa on.
each side is unknown, but it is believed to
be considerable.
Major fealca, who went into the Abys«
sinian army for the purpose of asking per
mission of Kine Menelik to bury the bod
ies of the Italian soldiers killed in the bat
tle of Adowa, has announced that he has
entered into negotiations with the King
for the conclusion of peace.
Accordine to the Italian Militaire, King
Menelik offers in the peace negotiations as
much as Italy could have hoped for before
the battle of Adowa.
DEVEA TED CHIE F ALiy URIX.
Conflicting Stories Concerning the At
tack Upon Sabderati.
LONDON, Eng., March 13.— The Rome
correspondent of the Central News tele
graphs that information has been re
ceived by the Italian Government that a
strong force of Dervishes has made an at
tack upon Sabdevali, between Kas.sala and
Adigrat. The Italian force, beine greatly
outnumbered, retreated to the hills. The
losses of either side are not known.
The Post will to-morrow publish a dis
patch from Home saying that the report
that Dervishe% had attacked Sabdevali is
inaccurate. The Dervishes defeated Chief
Alinurin, an Italian ally, and not to
Italians themselves. A hundred of the
latter re-enforced Chief Alinurin and
enabled him to maintain communication,
with Kabila.
The Rome correspondent of the Daily
News telegraphs that He learns from a
creditable source that the negotiations
Spring
Medicine
Your blood in Spring is almost certain to
' be full ■of impurities— the , accumula-
tion of the winter months. Bad ven-
■ tilation of sleeping rooms, impure air
in dwellings, factories and shops, over-
eating,' heavy, improper foods, failure
of the kidneys and liver properly to do
extra work thus thrust upon them, are
the prime causes of this condition.' It
is of the utmost importance that you
Your Blood
Now, as when warmer weather comes and
the tonic effect of cold bracing air is
gone, your weak, thin, impure blood
! will not furnish necessary, strength.
! ; That tired feeling, loss of appetite, will
open the way for serious disease, ruined
health, or breaking out of humors and
impurities. To make pure, I ; rich, r d
. blood, Hood's Sarsaparilla stands un«.
- equaled. Thousands testify to its
merits. Millions take it as their
Bpring Medicine. Get Hood's, because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Ii the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists.sl.
Prepared only by C. I. Hood <fc Co.. Lowell, Mass.
XlOOU : S Dillc are the on P ills to take.
nOOU S flllS wilil Hood's sarsaparilla,2
with King Menelik are mainly for the
purpose of gaining time. The negotiations
are based on a modification of the treaty of
Uccialli excluding an Italian protectorate
from Abyssinia, the restitution of Tigre to
Ras Mangascia and an exchange of pris
oners. The correspondent adds that the
postponing of the departure of Italian re
enforcemenft for Abyssinia is not con
nected with the negotiations.
1 he Times will to-morrow publish a dis
patch from Cairo saying that Colonel
Gallalino, who was reported to have been
Killed at the battle of Amba Alagi. is not
dead. He was seve»ely wounded and is
now a prisoner in the hands of the Abys
sinians.
A.\GL O - EG YPIIA X EXPEDITION.
It May Lead Vp to Another Great Sou
dan War.
LONDON, Exc. March 13.— The Anglo-
F.pyptian expedition that is to make a
demonstration toward Berber and Wady
Haifa, in favor of the Italians at Kassala,
is much discussed in the lobbies of the
House of Commons.
In an interview, Sir Charles Dilke, M. P.,
who is an acknowledged authority on for
eign affairs, denounced the decision of the
Government to join the expedition. He
said that if the affair should result in a de
feat, Groat Britain would be compelled to
immediately intervene on a large scale,
and it would possibly lead to another Sou
dan war.
The Times to-morrow will publish a dis
patch from Cairo saying that the ultimate
object of the Anglo-Egyptian expedition
to the Soudan is undoubtedly for the relief
of Kassala, wnicb, if it should be captured
bj the Dervishes, would become a serious
menace to Suakim and Tokar. Possession
of the fertile province of Dongola is es
sential to the protection of Egypt from
Dervish raids, inasmuch as besides being
a convenient base for hostile operations, it
furnishes large food supplies to the Soudan
countries ruled by the Khalifa. The
writer of the dispatch hints at a final ad
vance to Omdurman and a re-conquest of
the Soudan.
PARIS, Fkaxce, March 13.— The Temps
ruaKes a vigorous attack upon the Anglo-
Egyptian expedition. It declares that it
is a mere pretext to enable Great Britain
to prolong her occupation of Egypt.
MANY VETERANS EXPECTED
There Is a Promise of a Large
Attendance at the Grand
Army Encampment.
Railroads Have Been Compelled to
Make Concessions in the
Rates.
CHICAGO,^ 111., March 13.— There is
now no doubt of the success of the Na
.tional encampment of the Grand Army in
Bt. Paul the first week of September from
the standpoint, of attendance. The rail
roads which run to the Twin Cities have
surrendered to the survivors of the Union
army on the question of the return limit
of thirty days on the tickets, which was
the only bone of contention between the
railroads, the citizens' committee of St.
Paul and the Grand Army executive.
This change came about at the meeting
of the Western Passenger Association in
St. Louis this week. The passenger offi
cials did not formally grant the concession
■which the Great Western and Wisconsin
Central roads had previously given, deem
ing the establishment of such a precedent
detrimental to their future interests, but
half a dozen of the lines in the Eastern
committee of the association applied to
Chairman Caldwell for relief from the ad
verse action of the association in Chicago.
With this wholesale desertion from the
stubborn stand taken by the Western
trunk lines, the chairman was compelled
not only to put the roads applying for re
lief on the same footing as the three who
had taken independent action, but he gave
all the members of the association permis
sion to take independent action, which
means submission to the terms dictated by
the G. A. R. and citizens of St. Paul.
GOING INTO THE BIG BASIN.
All the Arrangements Complete for Dock
ing the Warship Indiana at
Beaufort.
BEAUFORT, S. C. March 13. — The
docking of the great warship Indiana at
the adjacent Port Royal Basin has been
anxiously looked for here and by the
people of the entire South Atlantic Coast.
The railways worked up lal|fe excursions,
and there was quite an invasion of visitors
to see the docking of the noted vessel.
The Indiana had quite a rough time of it
down from Hampton Roads, encounter
ing a gale and heavy southwest winds. The
hatches leaked a bit from the firing of the
heavy guns fore and aft for the board of
inspectors.
Captain Evans is deligfited with the
trip thus far. The Indiana is drawing
24:3 feet, and had she been drawing 29
feet she could have come in as well. If
nothing unfavorable occurs and the west-
erly winds are not too high the docking
will occur in the morning in the high tide
at 9 o'clock. The authorities of the naval
station and the dock officers are confident
there will not be the slightest trouble in
docking the vessel and giving her bottom
the first cleaning it has received since she
has left the Cramps' shipyards.
The Government Coast Survey boat,
Blake, is now in Port Koyal Bay to see
whether there have been any changes in
the course of the channels since the last
survey. If the Indiana goes in the dock
en time in the rooming the expectation is
the two large pumps will have the basin
empty by noon.
Apollinaris
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
NOW SUPPLIED IN
"SPLITS."_
Ask for "Splits" (half pints)
at Restaurants and Bars
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First St., San Francisco,
Eepresenting CHARLES GKAEF & CO., N. Y., for Mineral Waters.
COCKRELL TALKS
ABOUT FINANCES.
Silver Championed by the
Democratic Statesman
From Missouri.
BLAME LAID ON FOSTER.
A Republican Secretary of the
Treasury Said to Have Made
a Surrender.
ONE CURIOUS CUBAN INCIDENT.
Sherman Admits That He Made a
Mistake, but Will Explain Only
m Secret.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.-
With the exception of one rather curious
episode at the opening of to-day's session
the Senate was entirely relieved of all con
sideration of the question of Cuban bel
ligerency, ana had its attention turned to
financial questions. An allusion had been
made in Sherman's speech on Thursday
to a private communication which Lodge
of Massachusetts was supposed to have
received from the Secretary of State and
to have made known confidentially to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Lodge said Sherman had fallen into an
unintentional error, that he had had no
interview with Mr. Olney and had received
no private communication from him, and
that the paper which had been sent from
the State Department and had been read
to the Committee on Foreign Relations by
one of its members was the statement by
the Spanish Minister giving the Spanish
version of affairs in Cuba. Sherman ad
mitted the mistake he had fallen into,
and to a suggestion that he should com
municate the paper to the Senate he re
plied that it was a matter only to be read
in executive session.
Hoar of Massachusetts and Wolcott of
Colorado commented upon the peculiar
position in which the matter was thus
placed, and Hawley of Connecticut indi
cated his purpose to move that the Senate
insist on its disagreement to the House
substitute for the Cuban resolutions and
ask for a further conference.
The financial condition of the Govern
ment was presented in a four-hour speech
by CocKrell of Missouri, in which he ar
gued that every Government obligation,
with the single exception of gold certifi
cate?, was payable in gold or silver coin,
at the option of the Government, and he
charged that Charles Foster, while Secre
tary of the Treasury, had, in October, 1891,
surrendered voluntarily, meekly and sub
missively the right of the Government to
redeem United States notes or greenbacks
in silver as well as in gold. That action
on the part of Foster Cockrell described
as the Pandora's box out of which had
come all the financial ills that had since
fallen upon the country.
Immediately after the reading of the
journal Lodge called attention to an inci
dental statement made yesterday by Sher
man as to a communication which he
(Lodge) was supposed to have had witb
the Secretary of State and to private pa
pers which he was supposed to have re
ceived concerning affairs in Cuba. The
paper referred to was a full statement of
the Spanish Minister giving the Spanish
side of the question, and which was sent
to the committee from the State Depart
ment and was read to the full committee
by one of its members (Frye). The read
ing of these papers, Lodge said, had been
confidential and had been mentioned by
the Senator from Ohio simply by inadver
tence.
Hoar commented upon these disclosures
as presenting a remarkable condition of
affairs, and asked whether the papers re
ferred to ought not to be laid before the
Senate. %
"Certainly— in executive session, " said
Sherman.
Wolcott suggested that the Senate found
itself in an unusual dilemma. If it were
essential (he did not think it was) that
Congress shonld act on the question of
Cuban belligerency, the Senate was con
fronted with the position of having to vote
on questions of fact, on testimony repos
ing in the breasts of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations alone —
testimony which they could not divulge to
the public and could divulge only in ex
ecutive session. He would be glad to
have explained to him whether or not
Senators were expected to yield their own
judgment and conscience, and to follow
the opinion (intelligently formed no doubt)
of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
based upon information which could not
be divulged.
Hale called for the regular order of busi
ness. The House bill, providing for a tem
porary increase of the revenue, was taken
up in order to give Cockrell (D.) of Mis
souri an opportunity to address the Senate.
He commenced by giving the condition
of the treasury on the 3d of March last.
He argued that all Government bonds
were payable in either gold or silver coin
under the Stanley Matthews joint resolu
tion. He declared there was not a single
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
obligation pi the Government payable in
gold, with the solitary exception — the gold
certificates — and that their exclusive pay
ment in gold was a voluntary assumption
on the part of the Secretary of the Treas
ury. If it had not been for that assump
tion on the part of the Treasury Depart
ment there would have been no trouble.
There had been no raids the treasury
gold prior to October 19, 1891. "Why? Be
cause of the general belief that the notes of
the Republic were redeemable in silver and
that the Government reserved the option
so to redeem them, as stated by Secretary
Sherman in his finance report in 1878. The
silver dollar had been up to that time the
watchdog of the treasury, and had been in
finitely more successful in keeping off gold
raiders than the Rothschilds and the Bel
monts had ever been since, and they are
still the watchdog 3of the treasury in
France and Germany.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada suggested,
"Yes, everywhere except in the United
States." In this connection Cockrell read
a letter of October 8, 1891, from' the Re-
publican Club of Boston to Charles Foster,
Secretary of the Treasury, inquiring as to
the payment of United States notes in
gold, and Mr. Foster's reply, stating,
"Treasury notes are redeemed in goJd
when presented to the treasury or any
sub-treasury." .
That correspondence, Cockrell said, bad
opened Pandora's box, and all the ills that
since had fallen upon the country had
been simply because Secretary Foster sur
rendered voluntarily, meekly, submis
sively, the right of the Government to
redeem those notes in silver as well as in
gold.
Secretary Foster had not redeemed a
dollar of those notes in silver after October
14, 1891, whereas Secretary Carlisle has re
deemed some nineteen millions of them
in standard silver dollars, redeeming and
canceling the notes, and no harm had
come of it. If every ounce of the silver
bullion in that treasury had been coined
into silver dollars and paid out in redemp
tion of treasury notes, no harm would
have come. The surrender on the part of
a Republican administration was, Cock
rell said, voluntary, and was in defiance of
the express letter and purpose of the law.
Cockrell proceeded to argue against the
proposition for the issue of fifty-year
bonds to retire legal tender notes as anti-
Democratic and as in direct conflict with
Jefferson's inaugural. It was the worst
remedy for financial ills that an execu
tive officer had ever proposed. It would
be a tame surrender of the use of silver
and would cost the people at the end of
the fifty years over $2,631,000,000.
Referring to Secretary Carlisle's recent
speech in New York Cockrell said the dis
guise had been thrown aside and that
"sound money" meant gold and nothing
but gold. He declared such mono
metallism was anti-Democratic, contrary
to the Democratic platform. England, he
declared, had been unable, with all the
resources of the Bank of England, to
carry out its gnld monometallic standard
and twice had to borrow from France.
He denied that a courageous advocacy of
free silver would dmde the Democratic
party.
Reading from a list of Democratic rep
resentatives elected in 1892 and 1894, he
showed that tliere had been a terrible fall
ing off of Democratic representatives
elected in the latter year, due to the fact
that that election had been under the gold
monometallic standard of President Cleve
land. Cockrell quoted extensively from
the speeches of Secretary Carlisle, and,
speaking of his speech at Covington last
summer, declared he was loth to believe
that any Secretary of the Treasury could
make such ridiculous statements until he
read of similar statements made b y other
tools in the employ of the gold bullion
company of New York. It was ludicrous
that Secretary Carlisle should attempt to
bolster up the "theories to which he had
come a recent convert" by reliance on
such "stuff"' as that, the only excuse being
the latitude always allowed for the zeal
of converts. He appealed for the re-estab
lishment of the conditions existing prior
to 1873, for the country could not be worse
off than it had been since the perpetration
of the crime of 1873. Bimetallism was no
experiment, having been in use from the
time Abraham marched out of Chaldea
until Great Britain drove silver from use.
In conclusion Cockrell appealed to the
country to declare its independence and
declare for the equality of gold and silver,
or else resume its dependence upon Great
Britain, whom it had twice defeated, and
ask her to take it under her avaricious and
selfish guardianship and protection.
"We should," he declared, "haul down
Old Glory, the starry banner which has
waved over the power and freedom and in
dependence of the country, and hoist in
stead the gold-standard banner of Great
Britain, and cry out, 'Long live the Queen
of Great Britain and Empress of India.' "
During the latter part of this speech Sir
Julian Pauncefote, the British Embassa
dor, bad been an occupant of the diplo
matic gallery and an attentive listener to
Cockrell's speech.
At 6 P. m., the Senate adjourned till
Monday.
ASSAILED BY HERR BEBEL
Vigorous Denunciation of the
Acts of Germans in
Africa.
This Causes a Great Uproar in the
Reichstag, and Socialists Make
the Most of It.
BERLIN, Germany, March 13.— During
the discussion of the colonial budget in
the Reichstag to-day the chamber was the
scene of a tremendous uproar and con
fusion. Herr Bebel, one of the Socialist
leaders, made a violent attack upon the
systems pursued in Africa by Dr. Carl
Peters, the explorer, Herr Leist, formerly
Governor of the Cameroons, and Herr
Wehlau, who was Leist's substitute, de
claring them guilty of every species of bar
barity, including murder. He denounced
the discipline pursued by the courts in
these cases, which had proceeded from the
palace at Potsdam, and declared that the
mild sentences imposed upon Leist and
Wehlau was an act of blackest shame
the world had ever seen. He demanded
that Dr. Peters be tried for murder.
The remarks of Herr Bebel created
great excitement, and the chamber soon
drifted into a state of tumult, the Social
ists shouting violent denunciations of the
Government's course and the President
vainly ringing his bell for order.
Dr. Kayer, director of the Colonial De
partment, finally obtained a hearing, and
declared that Peters had only executed
blacks in cases where the safety of the
lives and property of the Germans in
duced such a course. He was assured, he
said, that the lives of the blacks in the
German colony were as safe as those of
the whites.
The London County Council exercises
jurisdiction over about 120 square miles.
ONE VOTE GAINED
BY REPUBLICANS.
Aldrich Is Given the Seat
Occupied by Robbins of
Alabama.
DONE ON PARTY LINES.
Populists ot the House Joined in
the Vote to Oust a
Democrat.
IMPORTANT BILLS AEE PASSED.
One Provides That Engineers and As
sistants Sailing Under American
Register Must Be Citizens.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.— The
Republican strength in the House of Rep
resentatives was increased by one this
afternoon when, by a vote of 173 to 59,
Gaston A. Robbins (D.) was declared to be
not entitled to the seat occupied by him
as a Representative from the Fourth Dis
trict of Alabama, and William F. Aldrich,
hiß Republican opponent, was placed
therein. This result followed a two days'
debate of the report of the Committee on
Elections No. 1, to-day's session being oc
cupied by Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas, in
a three hours' speech in behalf of Robbins,
and Daniels (R.)of New York, closing in
an argument of an hour or more for Aid
rich. The Republicans now number 247
members, the Democrats 101, Populists 7
and silverites 1.
There is a vacancy from the Eleventh
Texas district, caused by the recent death
of Representative Cram. Aldrich ap
peared at the bar and was sworn in by
Speaker Reed, amid Republican applause.
The vote was along parity lines, the Pop
ulists uniting with the Republicans in vot
ing Robbins out. White of Illinois was
the only who voted for Rob
bins, while Cobb, Dockery and De Armond
(D.) of Missouri voted with the Republi
cans for Aldrich.
Before the election case was taken up
two bills were passed. One was to require
that engineers and assistant engineers on
steamers sailing under American register
shall be American citizens; the other was
the tonnage-tax bill, repealing the recipro
cal provisions of the law of 1384, of which
only Germany and the Netherlands took
advantage, and reducing the tax on the
coastwise trade between the Americas, be
tween the United States and the West
Indies and between the United States and
Hawaii from 3 to 2 cents a ton.
At the evening session not a single item
of business was considered. Upon the
usual motion, made as soon as the House
reassembled at 8 o'clock, to go into com
mittee of the whole, Erdman (D.) of
New Jersey made the point of no quorum,
The roll was called and 145 members re
sponded to their names.
On motion by Pickler (R.) of South Da
kota, a resolution was adopted directing the
sergeant-at-arms to arrest members absent
without leave, but it was within a few
minutes of 10 o'clock before the warrant
was prepared and signed by acting Speaker
Payne (R.) of New York. At that hour a
vote by ayes and roes was obtained upon
a motion to recall the roll, and that ex
hausted the period intervening until the
nour when the session expired under the
rules— lo:3o o'clock. The House then ad
journed until Monday next.
XO FJtESH CONDITIOXS.
Article* for the Corbett - JFitztlmmons
Fight Stand as Sent.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13. —The
alleged cable dispatch sent out to-day by
the Chicago Associated Press stating that
the National Sporting Club of London
"has not yet offered a purse for a match
between Robert Fitzsimmonsand James J.
Corbett, and that no articles have oeen
sent by the club to the United States for
their signature," is pronounced by George
W. Atkinson, editor of the Sporting Life
of London and the National Club's repre
sentative, to be "bosh." The articles of
agreement arrived in this city from Lon
don a week ago ana were forwarded to
Corbett, who signed them last Wednesday
in Pittsburg. They are now in the posses
sion of Sam Austin of the Police Gazette,
who exhibited them this afternoon to a
representative of the United Press. When
Mr. Austin read the epunous dispatch of
the Chicago concern to-day he at once
cabled Mr. Atkinson to learn if there was
any foundation for the statements and that
gentleman replied as follows:
"If articles are signed as sent they will
be accepted by the National Club, but they
will not allow any fresh conditions. As
sociated cable bosh."
It ES CUED BY FIR EM EX.
People Carried Out of Burning Build-
inga Just in Time.
LINCOLN, Nebe.. March 14.— Fire broke
out in the wholesale and retail millinery
establishment of M. Ackerman & Co. at
12:30 this morning and is raging fiercely.
The entire department has been called out.
The Ackerman building is in the heart of
the business district and adjoining build
ings are threatened. Four men rooming
in the third story were carried down by
policemen nearly suffocated.
The fire was practically under control
shortly before 2 o'clock. It originated in
the basement, worked through to the first
floor and totally ruined the stock on that
landing. It was confined to the Ackerman
block, and the loss is probably not over
?60,000: insurance about two-thirds. Dis
trict Judge Cornish and State Representa
tive Spencer were among those rescued by
the police. One fireman was injured.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 13.— Fire to
night caused $100,000 loss in the dry-goods
store of E. B. Nugent on Fourth avenue;
insurance, |90,000. Several men and women
who had apartments on upper floors were
rescued by firemen.
JFnunht for the Girl.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., March 13.—
Angry at each other because both were
foud of the same girl, Fred Tucker and
George Jacobs, two boys about 17 years of
aa;e. met in a barn in this city Wednesday
night and settled their quarrel in a fight,
Each boy had something of a local reputa
tion as a boxer. When they met the
flighting was tierce till the fifth round,
when Jacobs was knocked senseless by a
vicious blow.
Smallpox on a Steamer-
BALTIMORE, Md., March 13. —The Nor
wegian steamship Gurley arrived from
Port Antonio yesterday with a case of
malignant smallpox aboard. The vessel
reached her dock, but was ordered back to
quarantine with all on board. Four pas
sengers landed before the smallpox case
was discovered and are being searched for.
The steamship was passed by the quaran
tine officers, but when she arrived at her
dock a colored boy belonging to the crew
was found to have smallpox. The Gurley
is in the banana trade.
BEVOLT7TION IN HAYTI.
There Ban Been a Serious Outbreak at
Jackmel.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 13.—Steam
ers arriving here this morning from Jack
mel, Hayti, report the outbreak of a revolt
in that town. The report says the Gov
ernment troops have been scattered by the
insurgents and their commanding officer
bad fled. The revolt is spreading.
AmneMty to Mot era.
ROME, Italy, March 13.— The Ministers
have decided, to recommend to King
Humbert that he grant amnesty to those
civilians who were convicted by military
tribunals for connection with the late
riots in Southern Italy and Sicily, includ
ing Giuseppe deFelice-Giuffrida. Dr. Nicolo
Barbarto and Garibaldi Bosco, all of whom
were elected members 2. the Chamber of
Deputies while in prison.
For International Hitnet alii tin.
BRUSSELS, Belgium. March 13.-Prime
Minister Faverau, replying to a question
asked in the Chamber of Deputies to-day,
assured the house that the Government
recognized the importance of international
bimetallism, and would agree in any meas
ure that would insure by international
agreement stability in the monetary ex
change of gold and silver.
Won by the Ailta.
CANNES, Franc*:, March 13.— T0-day
was the first day of the Cannes regatta.
The principal event was the race for the
Prix d'Honneur. The Ailsa crossed the
line a winner, the Britannia was second
and the Satanita a very bad third, she be
ing a long distance astern at the finish.
Caro and Cabinet Retire.
PANAMA, Colombia, March 13.— The
Star and Herald says that the resignation
of Senor Caro, President of the Republic
of Colombia, and $he Cabinet is definitely
confirmed. It is said that President Caro
will be succeeded by General Quintero
Calderon, and that Abraham Moreno will
become Minister of the Government and
Pedro Molino Minister of War.
Heath of a Vice- Admiral.
ROME, Italy, March 13.— Vice -Admiral
Racchia, commander of the reserve squad
ron, died at Scezzia yesterday on board
ttie Lepanto, his flagship.
TAILORS JOIN THE STRIKE
Ten Thousand Garment- Workers
Involved in the Trouble
at Chicago.
Non-Union Men Will Assist Other Em
ployes in the Fight Against
Reduced Wages.
CHICAGO, 111., March 13.— Seven thou
-Band men and women, members of the
fourteen local unions of tailors, went out
on strike this morninp in sympathy with
the clothing cutter? and trimmers.
While the strike was practically brought
about by the clothing cutters' and trim
mers' trouble, the tailors also have griev
ances of their own. They say that before
they will return to work they must have
an increase of wages of 25 per cent. The
strike not only affects the wholesale houses,
but ten friendly firms who are having no
trouble with their employes.
Since the cutters' and trimmers' trouble
with their employers beean the tailoring
trade haa been very dull, and leaders of
the new strike say that many workmen
have been idle for weeks for lack of | ma
terial to work on. These people are not
included in the estimate given at head
quarters that 10,000 garment-workers are
involved in the strike which began to-day.
The leaders declare that 3000 tailors who
were not members of the union have
joined hands with them, believing the em
ployers intended to reduce their wages
after the defeat of the cutters and trim
mers.
Secretary Abel of the Clothing-cutters'
Association said 13,000 tailors had re
sponded to the call to strike. Telegrams
were sent to-day to Meyer Schoenfeld of
New York, the noted Hebrew organizer,
and Charles F. Reichers, president of the
United Garment-workers' Union of Amer
ica, requesting their presence in Chicago.
They are expected to arrive before Monday.
The strikers are conlident of winning,
because spring orders are coming in and
must be filled, while *he strike of the cut
ters and trimmers has depleted the stock
of unfinished garments. The manufactur
ers declare they are not affected by the
strike. They are stillordering non-union
cutters from New York.
At a meeting of the Cutters' and Trim
mers' Association to-night it wa3 decided
to call out all their members. This will
tie up the entire clothing manufacturing
industry in the city.
OF IXTEREBT TO THE COAST.
favorable It r port, on the Mineral Lands
Claaaifieation Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.—Rep
resentative Loud was to-day informed by
the Treasury Department that all bids re
ceived by it for building a fence around
the new Postoffice building at San Jose
had been rejected.
The appointment of J. Gilchrist to a
vacaucy in the Internal Revenue Depart
ment at San Francisco was to-day con
firmed by the Civil Service Commission.
The House Committee on Pensions to
day favorably reported the bill increasing
the pension of T. V. Purdy of San Jose to
$3D a month.
Representative Barhani introduced a
bill removing the charge of desertion now
standing against the military record of
Louis W. Mayer of California.
Senator Perkins presented a petition
of citizens of California protesting against,
appropriations for sectarian purposes.
Pensions were gi anted as follows: Cali
fornia — Original: Gotlieb Maier, Ukiah.
Original, twenty years' service — James
Gardiner, Vallejo. Original, widows, etc.
—Anna M. A. Hurst, Nevada City; Mary
H. Neal, San Diepio.
Oregon: Original — Julius B. Gardner
McMinnville; William Brown, Tillamook.
Increase — Patrick Grogan, Baker City.
Washington: Originai— John C. Caro
ther, Ellensburg.
The report of the Senate Committee on
Public Lands on Johnson's mineral lands
classification bill is unanimous, and com
pleteiy ignores the recommendations made
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The bill will undoubtedly pass the
Senate in a few days, and if the House ac
cepts the amendments it will soon become
a law.
Barry Elk*' Performance.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 13.— At
the Villa Maynard meet last Wednesday
of the Jacksonville Wheelmen Harry Eiks
of Saratoga, N. V., rode ten miles in com-
Eetition in 24:58. Chairman Gideon of the
 A. W. Racing Board telegraphs that
the best time for ten jniles prior to Elks'
performance was 25:32. Llka therefore
holds the world's amateur championship
for ten miles in competition. Liks' per
formance was the more notable because
the racers were not paced for nearly two
miles of the distance.
EVACUATION OF
EGYPT IS URGED
Motion Made by Labouchere
in the House of
Commons.
TEMPORARILY CHECKED.
But the Subject Will Be Debated
on the Question of Al
lowances.
ERRORS IN THE BLUE BOOK.
Some Small Mistakes Which the At
torney-General Explains Were
Due to Haste.
LONDON, E.n-g., March 13. — In the
House of Commons to-day Mr. Reginald
McKenna, Liberal member for North
Monmouthshire, inquired whether the
Government of the United States of Co
lombia, in notifying Great Britain that
Colombia would not recognize G. F. B.
Jenner, British Minister at Bogota, in fu
ture, had stated that the action of the
Colombian Government was due to defects
in Mr. Jenner's diplomatic temper.
George N. Curzon, Under Secretary of
the Foreign Office, replied that Mr. Jenner
himself had stated that the Government
of Colombia would not recognize him, but
that Colombia had not notified the British
Government of the fact or of the cause of
its action.
In the course of the discussion of the
army estimates Mr. Labouchere, Radical
member forNortbampton,orfereda motion
demanding the immediate evacuation of
Egypt by Great Britain.
"Mr. Labouchere, speaking to his mo
tion, proceeded to criticize the policy of the
occupation of Egypt, but the Speaker
stopped him, saying that the chair would
only permit the discussion of matters im
mediately relating to the army.
Mr. Labouchere replied that it would be
impossible to discuss the question upon
that basis, and that he therefore would
not move the resolution.
Sir William Harcourt contended that
the mere accident of the forms of the
House ought not to prevent the discussion
of the situation in Lgypt. He suggested
that the debate on the Egyptian situation
should take place on the coming up of the
vote for men, which he thought the Gov
ernment should allow to be consid
ered at the earliest possible time.
Mr. Balfour, the Government leader,
agreed that the vote for men should be
taken on Monday, when Mr. Labouchere
should open the debate.
Sir E. T. CTurley, Liberal member for
Sunderland, a.»ked the Government to
explain how it was that certain quotations
in the Venezuelan blue book marked with
inverted commas as having been taken
from documents embodied in the appen
dix did not correspond with the words in
the documents. He also desired to know
why in more than one case the sense of
the original passages had been departed
from.
Sir Richard "Webster, Attorney-General,
replied that the quotations were material
parts of the case and were correct. Tiie
slight verbal discrepancies were due to a
hurriedly revised translation of some of
the documents, and there had been no
time to make corresponding alterations in
the quotations. The errors in one case
consisted in putting a summary within
quotation marks.
EXYL, iIX Hit BY MIUK.
A Union Pacific Receiver Before the Sen
ate Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.—Oli
ver W. Mink, one of the receivers of the
Union Pacific Railroad, was before the
Senate Committee on Pacific Roads this
morning. He had been connected with
the road, he said, principally with the ac
counts and finances department, for
twenty-seven years
Questioned by Senator Wolcott, Mr.
Mink gave in detail the earnings and ex
penses of the Union Pacific road and its
various collateral branches since going
into tho hands of receivers in October,
1893, up to January 1, 1896.
In that period the gross earnings were
$32,832,602, and expenses $21,171,233. Sen
ator Wolcott then turned the inquiry into
the diversion of main-line earnings to the
payment of collateral trust obligations,
and Mr. Mink said the interest on these
bonds was paid for the purpose of holding
the system together, to preserve intact the
road from Kansas City to Denver, so it
would not end with the Union Pacific
proper, in the middle of the great plains.
When the receivers were appointed it
was not thought the financial depression
would last over a year. While the depres
sion still continued the earnings of the
road were increasing. The main line, he
said, would always earn the interest on its
first mortgage bonds if the system were
kept intact; the only danger was that a
very large part of the principal was due.
The overdue interest on the main-line
HEW TO-PAT. 1
!)®(BXsX«)<SX»>®®~@^^
"A man convinced against his will
Is of the same opinion still.*'
Do not be induced
against your better judg-
ment to buy any Bicycle (•
except a S
COLUMBIA I
HARTFORD
POPE IUIIHCniIN CO.,
344 Post St., S. F. ; Cal. |
'' Instruction and Renting Pe- $
,j partment— l97o Page st., near @
» Park entrance. ®
mortgage would soon be i»aid-that ; due
on January 1 probably within ninety day*.
PHI FATE POSTAL- CARDS.
Important Changes in the Postal Zau»
to tie Recommended.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.— The
House Committee on Postotiices and Posi
roads to-day ordered two bills, introduced
by Loud (R.) of California, favorably re
ported. The first provides that no indem
nity shall be paid for loss of registered
matter in excess of $10. For a small loss
the actual value of the package is to be al
lowed. The second bill amends the law
regarding postal-cards so aa to P 1 " 0 ™ 6
that beginning July 1, 1895, it snail be
law;ul to transmit by mail at the postage
rate of a cent apiece, payable by stamps to
be affixed by the sender, written messages
on private mailing-cards, such cards to be
sent openly in the mails, to be no larger
than the size fixed by the convention of
the Universal Postal I'nion, and to be ap
proximately of the same form, quality and
weight as the stamped postal-card now in
general use in the United States.
Land Grants Approved.
WASHINGTON. 1). C, March 12.—Sec
retary Hoke Smith to-day approved the
following grants of land to railroads:
Four supplemental clear lists to the Cen
tral Pacific Kailroad Company, successor
to the California and Oregon Railway Com
pany, embracing 20.326 acres in Redding
(Cal. ) land district. Another grant of 44,883
acres in the same district; 1743 acres in
Marysville (Cal.) land district; 199,772 acres
in tb"e itedding land district ; 160 acrea to
the Oregon California Company in the
Roseburg (Or.) land district.
Jiy the Popular Vote.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.— The
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions this morning directed a favorable re
port on the proposed amendment to the
constitution providing for the election of
United States Senators by the popular vote
of the people. The joint resolution and
report will be submitted to the Senate in a
few days.
Promotions in the Army.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: Lieutenant-Colo
nel .H. A. Theaker to be colonel, Major
G. B. Russell to be lieutenant-colonel. Cap
tain Charles Porter to be major, First
Lieutenant R. F. Ames to be captain, Sec
ond Lieutenant H. F. Sargent to be first
lieutenant.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations: George
H. Newman of Tennessee, Indian agent at
the Colville Agency, Wash. Postmasters —
California: Thomas Fox, Sacramento;
Josephine J. Gagney, Los Gatos.
NEW TO-DAY. \
Ipili
SUCCESS!
Never was such consternation
in the ranks of our competitors
as our $6 50 All-wool Suit Sale
has produced. .
4r Br
Don't delay ! Come To-day or
never. Sale positively closes to-
night at 10 o'clock. Remember,
these are ALL-WOOL SUITS and
Not Union Cassimeres or Satin-
ettes. * _____ i ''<; ."
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET.
OUR ONLY BRANCH IN S.F.
Is at 211 Montgomery street. Avoid firms
using a similar name. ' .- .. : r
' .;.:-; 'j^., "._' AUCTION SALES. "■'■; J^'^i
FORCED SALE.
ft* fc* te*
Buggies. Hacks. Carts.
j£k.V AUCTION,
THIS 1 DAY, I
5aturday. ............ ...:..... March 14, 189«
%^ ? - At 11 o'clock, on the premises, ; :
2432 CALIFORNIA STREET,
■';■<, V- vrz WILIi SELL -.. .
The Entire Contents of T. J. Sullivan's
.. Stables,
. . . :'--■'.: . . . . CONSISTING OF. . .. .
Lease, good will, etc., and 25 bead Al Livery and
Carriage Horses: 4 fine five-glass Landaulet Car-
riages, latest styles: 2 Coupes; Open and Top Sur-
reys; Phaetons; Open and lop Buggies; Carts;
40 sets Single ' and Double ■ Harness : Saddlery,
: liobes, Blankets, etc. ' . ' -
Also, the Office furniture, Including grand Com-
bination Safe. : * - .-....■_
'- Sale positive, rain or shine. No . limit, no re-
serve. Kvery article sold separately." " '
ts SULLIVAN <& DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers.
:.';; ---. ■-; ..:■.<:■ ::*,; Office— 327 Sixth street.
FIRE UNDERWRITERS' SALE.
At 773 Market Street, 'Near Fourth.
On SATURDAY, the 14th day of March. 1896. at "•
■■ 11 o'clock a. m., for account of the Pacific
• ' ■..-•' Coast Fire Underwriters, >;.
We will sell ; about 100 SHOWCASES, COUV-
• TERS AND SCALES, removed from I
..:; : Noonan'satore.: , >i .. ;....■, ■.-.. J ,-. N .-....- , ™ .."•.•
. Look out for further advertising '
Indiana Auction C0.M20 Nutter R. la
_ .V ■ v '-: ■'- -'*■■ B - M. BIRDSALL. Propr. *
H. J, leutholtz, Auctioneer.THREE BALLOTS
YET TO BE TAKEN.
Increase of the Anxiety of
the Party Leaders of
Kentucky.
FOR THE LAST EFFORT.
Republicans Determined to Elect
Boyle to the United States
Senate.
BLACKBURN'S CHANCES WANE.
Democrats Defeat Legislation of the
Session by Booking Measures
in the Senate.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 13.-Only
three more ballots can be taken for United
States Senator, and as time brings the final
ballot nearer, the anxiety of the party
leaders becomes more feverish. It be
tokens a forthcoming struggle as a last
effort to elect, but whether that will take
place to-morrow, Monday or Tuesday none
but the leaders can say, if even they know.
There are very few who believe a Sena
tor can be elected, and these few believe
that if any can it will be a Republican.
Among these are St. John Boyle himself
and his leaders and advisers.
As for the Blackburn leaders, they have
given up hopes of electing him and are
centering all their energies upon prevent
ing Boyle's election, and that is why they
persist in having so many of their friends
present in the State House each day.
They will, if possible, prevent Wood
Duniap from entering the House and
taking his seat, and Senators James and
Walton from entering the joint assembly
and voting for United States Senator.
It was fully expected that Duniap would
take the oath this morning, and as the
hour of noon approached members were
anxiously watching for his appearance in
the House; but he did not come. Sen
ators James and Walton were in the
House, and sat out. the joint assembly, no
effort being made by the Democrats to
have them removed.
The joint assembly took another fruit
less ballot at noon. The vote stood:
Blackburn 50, Carlisle 13, Buckr.er 1. No
Republican voted.
There was the usual amount of vaporing
talk, but no blood was spilled. The Sheriff
and a number of deputies we-e in the State
K<>i;se at the request of the Governor, but
their services wer^ not required.
To-night Governor Bradley stated most
emphatically that he would not call an
extra session. The financial legislation
will be unfinished when the Legislature
adjourns. The measures have passed the
House, but are being hung up in the Sen
ate. A Senator who is a leader of the
Der«*>crats made it his boast to-day that
nooe of these measures wouJd ever pass
in ftte Senate, the object being to cripple
Kp^ublican Government. In view of
the attitude of the Democratic majority of
the Senate in this particular the Governor
considers that it would be useless to call
an extra session.
— ♦ —
SILVER 31 EX OF OHIO.
They Hold a Strong Session and Indulge
in Sarcmtn.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 13. — A
meeting of silver men, renresenu'nz nearly
ever county in Ohio was held at the Hol
lenden Hotel to - night. It was stormy
from the outset, and at several junctures
it seemed that the meeting would be
forced to adjourn. The main source of
contention was the proposition of A. A.
Brown of Cincinnati— that four silver men
be recommended to the Democratic State
convention as delegates at large to the Na
tional convention. Arguments pro and
con on the political advisability of the
motion were hotly made, sarcasms, satire
and innuendo being freely handed about.
The motion was finally laid on the table.
At an early hour Saturday morning the
meeting adjonrned. It is likely that an
other meeting will be held.
McKinley'a Name Applauded.
PITTSBCRG, Pa, March 13.— A mass
meeting to boom William McKinley for
the Presidency wag held in old City Hall
to-night. The attendance is estimated at
2500. Every mention of McKin ley's name
tcis the signal for applause. Plans were
perfected for a McKinley organization and
a vigorous campaign.
XORTHJZKK PACIFIC FLAXS.
Reorganization to lie Financiered by
■^ Morgan <£' Co.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13.— 1t is un
derstood that the Northern Pacific plan of
reorganization will shortly be issued. It
provides for an assessment of $10 per share
on the preferred and $15 per share on the
common stock, for which no security will
be given. The preferred stock, however,
■will receive a portion of its face value in
new first preferred stock. The common
stock will receive less than its present face
value in new common stock.
The consol bonds will receive first pre
ferred stock to the extent of at least the
face value of their bonds. They will prob
ably receive some security in adjustment
or overdue interest. The bond charges of
the new capital will not be far from
$3,000,000. abou-t the figure named by Mr.
Hill in the London agreement. It is un
derstood that there will be a voting trust
of at least three members and possibly
five. J. P. Morgan and August Belmont
will" be among the trustees and it is prob
able that the Deutsche Hank will be directly
represented. It is not likely that James J.
Hill will )>e directly represented. The
plan will be linanced by J. P. Morgan
Co. " ' \
Failure of •>" Old Firm.
BALTIMORE, Mb!, March 13.— Meyer,
Ivcinhard & Co., clothing manufacturers
for forty years, made a deed of trust for
The benefit of their creditors to-day. The
• members of the firm also made individual
deeds of trust. The trustee is Matthew
Krser a retired capitalist. Liabilities esti
mated at $250,000 and assets $125,000.
Shrinkage in values and bad debts were I
the cause. i
JtKLISK IS* MAX WHEAT.
There Was a Jtush to Unload in the Chi
cago I* it.
CHICAGO, 11i,., March 13.-There, was
a big break in wheat on the Board of
Trade to-day, May selling nearly cents
under closing price yesterday and 1
cent below the opening price to-day. The
market opened weak on the depressing
cables and generally finer weather, "the
start being 63)4 cents to 63% cents, which
was the curb price yesterday. There was
a wild rush of the longs to unload and
selling by the discouraged holders of May
wheat. The covering by shorts and buy
ing by New York houses helped to sup
port the market for a sbort time. The
nigh point of the day for May was te%
cents. The price declined steadily until
<i'J ]  cents was reached, the lowest point
for two months. The market closed at
that figure.
Aimed at ttig Hats.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 13.-Repre
sentative Fosdick of Cincinnati introduced
a bill to-day making it a misdemeanor to
wear a hat in a theater while witnessing a
performance. It provides a penalty of
from $2 to $10 fine. It is of course aimed
at the big theater hats. Action was post
poned.
Southern Pacific Earning
NEW YORK. N. V., March 13. -The
Southern Pacific system reports for Jan
uary gross earnings of 53.942.492, a de
crease of $4903; expenses 12,671,325, de
crease $151,368, and net earnings of
$1,271,167, increase 1146)455.
GEXERAL WALKER'S LETTER.
Jt I'uta a Aetr ¥ha*e on the Blue and
Gray Controversy.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13.— A
Journal special from Richmond, Va., says:
General L N. Walker has sent a letter from
the headquarters of the G. A. R. at In
dianapolis to an editor friend in this city
denying tLat he fver made the statements
witb reference to the Blue and Gray parade
credited to him. "I entertain no such
sentiments toward the men who stood up
in the ranks on the other side and gave me
a manly chance for my life in battle. We
fought it out like men and I believe that
the matter should be buried forever."
This letter has attracted very general
attention in Confederate circles. A circu
lar inviting Southern veterans to attend
the laying of the cornerstone of the Jeff
Davis monument, in which reference is
made to Walker's sentiments, has just been
prepared. The letter was to have been con
sidered to-day by a sub-committee, but
General Walker's letter puts a new phase
on the matter.
ALL SONOMA BALLOTING
Denizens of the Guerneville Red
woods Are Backing Their
Favorite.
Parachute Descents and Bronco
"Busting" to Electrify the
Visiting Crowds.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 13.— A spe
cial committee of ladies, consisting of
Mrs. E. F. Woodward, Mrs. L. W. Burris
and Miss Isabel Donovan, re-enforced the
regular decoration committee to-day on a
visit to the Board of Supervisors. The
board was asked to decorate the court
house with evergreens and azaleas for the
coming carnival, at a cost of about $100.
All of the members of the board seemed
willing to comply with this reasonable re
quest except Chairman Hall, and neither
the beauty of the ladies nor the eloquence
of the gentlemen could obtain from the
economical presiding otticer more than a
promise to consider the matter.
It i-« now definitely settled that Ronco
vieri's American concert band, of thirty
five pieces, will be engaged for the corona
tion concert, as well as to lead the parade
and play for the floral ball.
J. C. Snell, a balloonist and parachute
jumper from Sacramento, will risk his
necfc twice during the festival for the edi
fication of the crowds, and a swartiy gen
tleman from Mexico with an unpronounc
able name will ride fiery, untamed bron
cos, which will probahlv be purchased
from some of the streetcar companies of
San Francisco.
Captain John H. Witts of the Crescent
Cycle Club of Fall River, Mass., wheeled
into town to-day and is the guest of the
Santa Rosa Bicycle Ciub. Captain Witts
has just finished a trip across the conti
nent on his wheel and will be in attend
ance at the carnival. He was,shown the
sights of the city to-day, and, among other
tilings of interest, saw the big ballot-box,
half-full of silver-laden envelopes, by
which the contest for Queen will be de
cided. Captain Witts soon became
affected by the voting mania, and during
the afternoon deposited over 500 votes Jor
his favorite candidate.
Miss Julia Guerne lias forged steadily
ahead all day and is now thought to be
leading in the contest. Miss Guerne is the
daughter of George Guerne. the well
known breeder of trotting horses, from
whom the town of Guerneville takes its
name. That she is an exceedingly popu
lar young lady is evidenced by the heavy
vote that has been polled for her every day
during the contest.
Ben Pippin, Marshal of Guerneville,
while in town recently said that his town
would have a candidate in the race for
whom the boys from the redwoods would
go to the bottom of their purses. Mr.
Pippin quaintly declared that his candi
date "might not be the bell-cow, but would
travel well up in the herd."
t The vote will be counted to-morrow at 1
o'clo ck p. m. and again at 7in the evening.
LOS AXGELES JURY DISAGREES.
-Vo Verdict Reached in the Lowry Em
bezzlement Cane.
LOS ANGELES, Cai... March 13.-After
being out twenty-eight hours in a vain
endeavor to agree the jury in the F. E.
Lowry embezzlement case was discharged
at 7:30 o'clock this evening. The jurors
refused to say how they stood, but it is
rumored that on the last vote eleven were
for conviction and one for acouittal.
Friends of Lowry crowded around him
and»offered congratulations. Lowry him
self seemed elated, and he and his faithful
wife, who has stood heroically by him
Hnce the beginning of the trouble, left the
Courthouse together looking happier than
in many months bsfore. A retrial of the
case will probably soon be ordered.
Lot Angeles Lawyer Arrettrd.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 13.— M. V.
Biscailuz, who was at one time a man of
wealth and an attorney of local renown,
was anested to day on a charge of embez
zlement. The complaining witness is Mrs.
Aguilar, a poor widow, who has a son in
San Quentin. She alleges that she some
time ago gave Bi E cailuz $12 .50 to send to
her boy, who was sick in prison. Bis
cailuz pretended that he sent the money,
but she afterward learned from her son
and the prison officials that he appropri
ated it to his own use. Biscailuz has been
very erratic of late, and has been under
arrest several times on similar charges.
WRECKED AT C.OLCOSUA.
Two Central Facifir Hatsenger Trains
Collide.
GOLCONDA, New, March 13.— Two Cen
tral Pacific passenger trains collided at
this place this afternoon, demolishing
both engines, telescoping the baggage cars
and injuring Engineer Wicklow ami Fire
man McDermott, though not seriously.
The east-bound train was waiting for the
west-bound train. The air brakes on the
west-bound train refused to work and the
collision resulted. No passengers wore
injured, though many were considerably
shaken up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
X-RAYS OUTDONE
AT SANTA CRUZ
Successful Tests of the
Horseshoe Magnet in
Photography.
PICTURES IN A SECOND.
Concealed Objects Are Outlined
Without the Aid of the
Crookes Tube.
RESULT OF AN EXPERIMENT.
Instantaneous Reproductions of Many
Articles Through a Hard
wood Board.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 13.— Otto V.
Ort, a photographer and electrician, has
concluded experiments at his studio that
HIDDEN OBJECTS PHOTOGRAPHED BY MEANS OF A HORSESHOE MAGNET.
[Otto V. Ort of Santa Cruz has discovered that he can picture articles through m hard substances instantaneously by a system much more
simple than that of Roentgen. With a common magnet the. outlines of a number of objects were reproduced through a hardwood board.
The negative from which this illustration was made showed that the objects had shifted position after the magnet had been placed upon
them, and consequently had been reproduced in duplicate and triplicate. They are pictured more clearly at the poles that at the
curvature of the magnet.)
demonstrate the fact that emanations -from
a horseshoe magnet have the same effect
on a sensitive plate as that produced by
the Roentgen or X-rays. He accidentally
left a common horseshoe magnet near a
bunch of dry plates and found in a little
while that the plates were "fogged" or
clouded from the action of the magnet.
This suggested to him that the permanent
magnet might have the same effect on a
sensitive plate, so he undertook the exper
iment.
Mr. Ort was aware that emanations from
an electric magnet would affect a dry plate,
the same as the light would affect it, and
since the horseshoe or permanent magnet
also affected the dry plates, as instanced
by the accidental placing of one near a
bunch of them, he concluded that the ex
periment would become a demonstration.
Otto V. Ort of Santa Crnz, the Photographer Who Photographs Hidden Objects by
Means of the Horseshoe Magnet.
He took an ordinary hardwood plate
holder, such as photographers use, and
placed within it the sensitized plate
adapted to photograph and on the top of
the box placed various articles of alumi
num, cojtper, zinc, abalone shell, brass
and sheetiron. The aluminum was repre
sented by small squares, the copDer by
small washers and one-cent pieces, the zinc
by triangular putty points such as are
used by glaziers, the abalone shells by a
round fragment about the size of a nickel,
the brass by a Yale key and the sheetiron
by a flat drawer-key. On these articles he
laid an eight-inch horseshoe magnet, and
wrapped around this box, anicles and
magnet :i piece of olack pap^r, placed th»
package within three 1 1) ickrtesses of card
board and carried it into the dark room,
where it was left for twelve hours. The
plate was then removed from the plate
holder and developed by the liko-hydro
potash process.
Ort found that he had produced a fair
negative, but was surprised to see that
some of the articles had been photographed
in duplicate and triplicate. It occurred to
him that this was produced by a jarring of
the pieces. The sheetiron key was taken
in triplicate and the brass key in duplicate,
and the one-cent pieces in duplicate. One
of the washers and one of the putty points
lodged on the piece of abalone shell. This
disturbance was causea by the placing of
the horseshoe magnet. But it opened to
Mr. Ort the possibility that the production
was instantaneous, and if this could be
proven the twelve hours in the dark room
would be shown to be unneccessary.
He toot another plate, confined it in the
box only one second, and was rewarded
with a faint impression of the articles.
The first picture shows the outlines of
the several articles quite distinctly, so that
an observer may distinguish their shape
and form with ease, though the duplica
tions look much like shadows. The ob
jects are more strongly represented under
the poles of the magnet than at the curva
ture. There is a light circle on the photo
at the end where the curvature of the
magnet lay, while the poles are not repro
duced in the picture.
Mr. Ort is confident that the permanent
magnet may be used with success in this
Jine of experiments and feels that he has
demonstrated that there is no need for the
production of fluorescence in order to pro
duce a photograph. He says he has never
used a Crookes tube, though he is satisfied
that he could use it successfully from the
information he has gained from newspa
per accounts. He believes that there is
something beyond the mere production of
a photograph in the uses of the permanent
magnet and he will give some attention to
experiments that may prove of benefit to
science.
SAW A. WHITE SEA OTTER.
Santa CrUt Fl.thirtnen Allow A Small
fortune to t'.srupe.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 13.— Two
fishermen. William Bw&nson and Arthur
I Googins, while off Lighthouse Point this
■ morning, discovered a sea otter that at
tracted small attention at first, as they are
often seen in these waters; but within in a
few minutes t lie otter came within thirty
five feet of their boat, and to their surprise
they discovered it was mow white. Mr.
Gooeins and Mr. Swanson had never
believed in the white sea otter stories, and
were inclined to doubt their first im
pression, but white it was without doubt,
and that it was a sea otter they were quite
as certain.
The stranger seemed tame enough, and
as they made no effort to molest it it
played about the boat for nearly half an
hour, when something frightened it away.
They had no firearms or means of captur
ing it, and while they supposed that it
wo uld have been a valuable catch as a cu
riosity they were not aware of the commer
cial value of the white sea otter. When
they returned to the wharf this evening
and reported thoir adventure and learned
that the skin would havu been worth sev
eral thousand dollars they v,-ere greatly
chagrined. *
Wona Mow Cher's Srcnnd Victim.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 13.— Gee Ah
Lung, who was wounded by Wong Mow
Chee at the Agnew ranch Tuesday night,
died at trte County Hospital this morning.
This is Wong Mow Chee's second victim,
Yee Yuck Nam having been killed in
stantly. An inquest will be held to
morrow. Won* Mow Chee has already
been arraigned on v charge of murdering
Yee Yuck S'ani.
AN ELOPEMENT
AT HOLLISTER.
A Young Woman Leaves the
City With a Putative
Preacher.
AIDED BT HER SISTER.
Professor Simmons, Revivalist
and Phrenologist, Carries
Away a Convert,
MISS M'CROSKEY'S ESCAPADE.
Comes to Town With Her Mother and
Boards a Train With the Wily
Exhorter.
HOLLISTER, Cal., March 13.— The an
nouncement this evening that Miss Annie
McCroskey, a young lady of about twenty
summers, had eloped with Professor Sim
mons, who has been holding revival meet
ings here for the past few weeks, threw
Hollister into a state of excitement.
Simmons' daily and evening meetings,
which were conducted in a tent, have at
tracted large congregations. In addition
to preaching, he pretended to know some
thing of phrenology, and the flattery
which he gave to many who came forward,
to have their "bumps" examined resulted
in a short time in the formation of a large
clas«, of which Miss McCroskey was a
member.
Last week the young woman branched
out and occupied the stand in the tent
, both as a preacher and phrenologist. Her
; success at this first attempt was more than
I she could stand, and the encomiums of
i the wily professor placau her completely in
\ his power.
The elopement was evidently a prear
ranged affair. Miss McCroskey came to
town to day with her sister, Edith, aifti
they were heard to remark as they parted
with their mother on the street, "She is
not on to the racket."
This would have been true had not Dis
trict Attorney Dooling and County Clerk
Foote been on the train on which the
elopers departed. These officials recog
nized the young lady and her companion,
and as soon as Uilroy was reached word
was sent to the parents of the girl, who are
prominent and respected people.
Professor Simmons came here from
Napa, where, it is said, his actions were
not above reproach. He had been here
but a few days v.ben there was questions
as to his moral life. One of the local pa
pers published a statement at which he
took offense, and to vindicate himself he
had many persons testify in an open meet
ing as to what he had been. It was
reported here this evening that the couple
were arrested in San Jose, and will be re
turned here to-morrow.'
ARRESTED AT SAX JOSE.
Sitnmona Apprehended and Placed in the
County Jail.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March 13.— T. J. Sim
mons, the so-called evangelist, was ar
rested in this city this evening on the
arrival of the 5 o'clock train from Hollister,
on instructions received from Sheriff Hol
brook of San Benito County. Simmons
was accompanied by Miss Annie Mc-
Croskey of Hollister, and his detention
was due to a warrant sworn to by the
young lady's father, charging him with
abduction.
Deputy Sheriff Black made the arrest.
The minister objected vigorously, and de
clared that the officer could not arrest
him without a warrant. Simmons was
taken to the County Jail. The yo»ng lady
was not taken along, as instructions had
been received to have her sent to a hotel.
Simmons is about 49 years of age, and fs
both an evangelist and a phrenologist. He
talked freely.
"I hardly know what kind of a state
•ment to make," he said. "My arrest was
uncalled for. There was no reason in the
world why I should be laken from a train
and thrown into jail like a common crim
innl. Miss McCxoskey and I were on our
way to Calistoga, and intended to stop in
San Francisco long enough to be united in
marriage. I have been married before and
have four children, but my wife died four
years ago. I am an evangelist, also a
phrenologist, and for the past two months
have been holding meetings in a tent at
Hollister. I taught Mi«s McCroskey the
science of phrenology, and we learned to
think a great deal of each other.
"Alter we had decided to get married I
asked the father if I could have his daugh
ter. He refnsed, and — you know bow it
is — I was determined to have the girl any
way. I went to the train to-day and the
young lady came of her own free will and
joined me before the train started. I
can't be held for abduction, and Miss Mc-
Croskey is nearly 23 years old. My arrest
is an outrage, but I an: determined to
have redress. If it takes money to get
satisfaction I've cot lots of it, and this
affair will cost somebody $20,000."
Miss McCroskey, who eloped with Sim
mons, is a daughter of Ben McCroskey,
an old resident of Hollister. She is of
medium height, slight build and is of pre
possessing appearance. She seems to be
very much in love with Simmons, and de
clares that she will marry nim in spite of
all parental objections.
SAATA AXA MSAVPEABAXCE.
Mist Cora Knight Handera Away While
Temporarily Deranged.
.SANTA ANA, Cal., March 13.— Miss
Cora Knight, instructor of English in the
Santa Ana High School, disappeared just
before the opening of school to-day. I
Searchers were out this afternoon and
tracked her to Santiago Creek, where she
had followed the junction with Santa Ana
River. There all trace was lost. At 7
o'clock to-ni'ht Professor Perham, Super
intendent of Schools, found the missing
young woman on Fifth street, near the'
river, and conveyed her to her home.
Her mind was wandering and she im
agined she had been asleep. Miss Knight
bas been in poor health of late, and her
present condition is believed to be only
temporary.
Miss Knight is a daughter of H. T.
Knight, the engineer at Folsom prison,
and a niece of D. A. Bender, general freight
and passenger agent of the Virginia and
Truckee road at Carson City, and Banker
Bender of Keno. She is a graduate of
Berkeley, where her sister is at present in
attendance. She came here from Oakland '
last fall.
NEWS FROM SAN JOSE
Death of a Prominent Writer for
the Italian Press of San
Francisco.
Prospects Favorable to a Heavy Yield
in the Valley— Crime of
a Boy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 13.— Deputy
Sheriff Curley of San Francisco, who was
a visitor at the County Jail to-day, identi
fied the picture of Lee Haller, who served
a term here a year ago for petty larceny,
as that of Highwayman Schneider, who is
now in jail at I'kiah charged with high
way robbery and assault to murder ex-
Sheriff Standley.
About three mont v s ago, it is charged,
Schneider held up the stage between
Ukiah and Round Valley. In the hot
chase given by the officers after the rob
bery Schneider shot Standley.
On February 25, 1895, Haller was arrested
by Constable Murtin for looting the depot
at Mountain View. When arrested he
carried a revolver that had been stolen
from Sourrisseau's gunstore in this city.
The evidence was not sufficient to convict
him of burglary and lie was prosecuted on
the charge of stealing the revolver. He
was convicte'l of petty larceny and given
120 days in the County Jail.
DECEIVED A. GIRL.
A Sixteen- Tear- Old Hoy Arrested by San
Jose Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 13.— George
Silvers, a 16-year-old boy, was arrested by
Chief. Kid ward this afternoon on a war
rant charging him with deceiving Nettie
Davis, a 17-y ear-old girl of Oregon City,
Or. Silvers, whose home is in 1 Oregon
City and who was employed in the Will
amette paper-mills at that place until
about a month ago, has been visiting his
uncle, Joseph Berryessa, at Berryessa for
the past week. 'He admitted .he was
wanted and acknowledged bis guilt. -'■ Tv
Silvers said he left Oregon City about a
month ago and came to San Francisco,
where he stayed until about a week ago.
When arrested he had in his possession
four letters addressed to Frank Smith,
which he had just received at the post
office. They were from a young friend at
Oregon City, and one. of them informed
him that the girl's father, William' Davis,
who is sexton of a church in Oregon City,
had sworn to a complaint charging him
with a grave offense. He had a gold watch
and $18 in his possession.
Silvers takes his. arrest philosophically
and has expressed a willingness to go
back to Oregon City and marry Miss Davis.
DEATH OF C. b. XIZZISI.
Pneumonia Causes the Passing of a
Prominent Italian.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 13.— C. S. Riz
zini, a prominent Italian resident of this
city, died at the St. Charles Hotel this
morning of pneumonia. He was a native
of Parma, Italy, and 45 years of age.
The deceased had been an officer in the
Italian army and came to this country
twelve years aeo. Most of his life in this
country was spent in San Francisco, where
he was connected with the Italian press.
Ke located here about two years- aero and
was engaged as teacher or the Italian
school in ihis city, besides contributing
many articles to the Italian press of San
Francisco. He was a prominent member
of the Masonic fraternity of San Francisco,
of Court Italia, A. O. F. of A. of San Jose,
and the Society of Veterans of the Italian
Army in San Francisco. His remains were
this afternoon shipped to San Francisco
for interment.
Jtlti\GS OUT THE BUDS.
Warm Weather a Soon to the Santa Clara
Valley Orchards.
SAN T JOSE, Cal., March 13.— The warm
weather of the past week is bringing for
ward the fruit buds rapidly throughout
the valley. The prunes, cherries, peaches
and other fruits are bursting into bloom,
and if the cold weather had any damaging
effect upon them it is not yet perceptible.
Thus far the prospects for a good crop are
very bright. Apricots and almonds were
generally getting- into bloom when the cold
weather came. The indications at that
time were that the apricot crop would be
short, from causes in no way connected
with the weather, and there has been little
if any change in the prospects since then.
All" the otuer fruits are making as good
a showing as could reasonably be desired.
Considerable more rain will be needed,
however, to carry the fruit through to per
fect maturity.
Halberstadt Held.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March 13.— August
Halberstadt.alias George Miller, the ex
convict, who held up Charles Berry man
and who subsequently escaped from Officer
Monroe and exchanged a fusillade of shots
with pursuing officers, was arraigned be
fore Justice Gass to-aay on a charge }f
assault to murder preferred by Officer
Monroe. His examination was set for
March 19. Bail was fixed at $2000, in
default of which he was sent to jail.
Halberstadt will also be prosecuted on
the robbery charge. He has served three
terms in San Quentin for burglary, and
charges of prior convictions will be placed
against him.
Sentenced for •* Moscow Murder.
SEATTLE, Wash, March 13.— Harry
Gerdou was sentenced to life imprisonment
by Judge Piper at Moscow, Idaho, to-day,
for the murder of Emmett Fox. Frank
Smith, his accomplice, will be sentenced
to-morrow.
M'CARTY VISITS
CANTY'S RANCH.
Food Purchased for His
Band of Starving
Horses.
FINDS MANY CARCASSES.
Dying Thoroughbreds Eagerly
Lick Up Water From Their
Owner's Hands.
CRESCENT'S PITIFUL NEIGH.
One Mare Found Nearly Buried Under
the Earth Pawed Up in Her
Struggles.
MODESTO, Cal., March 13.— "White
•Hat" McCarty returned this evening from
Canty's ranch, whither he went to see hig
band of starving horses. When inter
viewed he said he had put 2&4 into the pas
ture. To-day he found 109 living and
thirty-four dead, the balance being on the
lower part of the ranch. He will go down
to-morrow to hunt up those in the brush.
McCarty was accompanied by Admer N.
Brown, a former employe. When they ar
rived at Canty's ranch this morning they
found the men, under Canty's directions,
separating the weakest horses and feeding
them, giving them better pasture and haul
ing feed. McCarty offered to buy a load of
hay and Canty sold it. McCarty found
three valuable animals unable to rise. One
was the mare Crescent, sired by Prompter,
and another Daisy S, the mother of three
of the finest horses on the coast — Little
Bob, Mesattent (bought for $6500) and
Phyllis. At present the horses found by
him to-day are being well fed on bran, hay
and grass. McCarty denounces Canty
strongly. He says:
"I wouldn't think of letting such an
j outrage go unpunished. I nave $300,000
! invested in the horses, their value ranging
I from $300 to $4500. Some of them belong
!to my son. It is pitiful to see some of
i them. Crescent, when approached, neighed
! feebly. Brown and I carried water in our
j hands, which the mare licLed eagerly.
One mare was nearly buried by the earth
pawed up in her struggles.
"When they were hrst put into the pas
j ture Canty told me the horses could run
: the entire length of the land to the river;
! then he put in a cross-fence, confining all in
I the poor pasture on the island. Cftnty tells
i me he buried all that died near the road.
• I cannot see why his neighbors, seeing the
\ condition of the stock, did not breafc down
i the fence and let all out to feed."
The date for McCarty's examination has
not yet been set by the court.
Fire Xear Sonora.
SONORA, Cal., March 13.— The resi
dence of John Harney on the Sonora road,
near Jacksonville, was totally destroyed
by a fire caused by a defective stovepipe.
It was insured for $800.
NEW TO-DAY.
MfH P
SOS
You may not be quite ready for
your Spring Suit How about a
pair of Trousers ?
, Some right clever Tailor- made
Trousers to-day in genteel,
dressy stripes. Awfully clever
goods. Special for Saturday at
— $1.75.--.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED). .
THE FRISCO BOYS, '
aiUaiSKEARNYST
34
AMADOR COUNTY
PEOPLE DUPED
Victimized by a Folsom
Ex-Convict Who Posed
as a Preacher.
CLAIMED HE WAS RICH.
Found Money, Friends and a ;
Home by Exploiting His
Wealth.
—
FLED, BUT WAS RECAPTURED.
Caught by a Constable While Tarry
ing in Stockton— Long Record
of Crime.
STOCKTON, C.vl., March 13.— Constable
F. B. Fenton of Sutter Creek boarded the
Sacramento train at noon to-day in a
happy frame of mind. This was due to
the fact that he had for a companion
"Rev." J. A. Smith, reputed to be a very
smooth swindler, whom he had arrested a
few hours before on the water front in this
city. The constable had returned from
San Francisco on the morning boat after
an unsuccessful hunt in the bay cities for
Smith, and found him while awaiting
a train.
The officer and his prisoner stopped at
the Sheriff's office, and the former told the
local officers who dropped in to inspect his
catch the story of the operations of the
swindler in and about Sutter Creel:, Ania
dor County. Smith, according to t Beer,
drove the gospel-car into Atuadi r < ' unity
about six months apo with the ay ed in
tention of evangelizing the sturdy moon*
tain population.
As camp-meeting services vere in
progress at the time he had ample oppor
tunity to display his accomplishments as
an exhorter. He won the confidence of
the people from bis first appearance, and
an actual jealousy sprung ap as to who
should entertain the gifted speaker and
show him ihe deference duo his high at
tainments. J. \V. Siebule carried Suiith
away and gladly lodged him under his
own roof.
One day the hum bte preacher confided
to his host that he had just got word from
England that he had fallen heir to a fortune
of 140,000, by the death of a titled relative.
He. said he had no use for the money; all
he wanted was a home in which to rest
after labors in the spiritual vineyard.
If Sebole would agree to lodge and feed
him during the term of his natural life he
would leave him the bulk of the $40,003,
|600 to the pretty servant girl, and $1000 to
each of his host's nieces. The offer was
accepted. This was rive months ago, and
the confidence man had never been both
ered E>y board bills.
I: is now learned that during this period
of rest Smith varied his church work by
making love to several marriageable
women and several who were not in a
position to consider matrimony. His at
tentions created talk, and about a week
ago the preacher said he would have to
make a trip to San Francisco to interview
the British Consul in regard to his finan
cial standing and to make arrangements
to collect the interest on his legacy.
Sebole did not suspect anything until sev
eral days after the preacher's departure,
when he found that he had taken all his
belongings with him.
Then the people in lone and Sutter
Creek began to talk, and when Seboie
besan to investigate he found evidence
sufficient to satisfy him that he- had been
duped. The erstwhile host and friend got
mad and swore out a warrant charging
Smith with swindling, and it is said other
charges will be made. Constable Fenton
started out to look for the man, and, pre
vious to finding him on the water front
here this morning, he learned considerable
of his history.
It appears that but ashort time ago
Smith was released from Folsom, where
he had "done time," having been sent
from Santa Cruz for obtaining money
under false pretenses.
He also married a girl named Hattie
Lawrence in San Francisco and took her
to Santa Cruz on a honeymoon trip, the
expenses of which were paid by his dupes.
He cut a wide swath in Santa Cruz and
lived part of the time at a fashionable
boarding-house on Fourth street. When
discovered he escaped to British Columbia,
was apprehended there, brought back to
Santa Cruz, tried and convicted and se^t
to Folsom.
Constable Fenton started for Amador
County to-day with the convict. There he
will he made to face some lively music.
Smith preached here about two years ago.
He evidently did not know the othoers
were looking for him, as he did not seek
to hide bis identity.
ROMANCE OF PETALUMA
A Divorced Wife Breaks Into
Her Ex-Husband's Home
With an Ax.
He Had Refused to Pay Alimony and
Is in Jail — Progress of a
Family Feud.
SANTA ROSA, March 13. -Two cases in
the Superior Court of this county are at
tracting much attention. One is an action
for unlaw.ul detainer brought by Mrs.
Mary A. I'erry atTainst .Joseph Perry, her
brother; Frank Justen, her foster son,
and Gussie Josteu, her niecej'and the other
is tl»e divorce mil of Gussie Justen vs.
Frank Juften. All of the parlies are from
Pefaluma, and the litigation is the result
of a big family quarrel.
, Many years ago Mr-. Mary A. Perry, be
in well-to-do and childless; adopted two
children to cheer nndtiomfort her old age.
One of these was Frank Justen, who upon
reaching man's estate fell in love with and j
married (.ussie Perry, a niece of his foster
mother. In order to secure a home to the
young people, Mrs. Perry deeded to- her
foster son about $4000 worth of property, I
but placed the deed in escrow \v;tu Lip- i
pit & Lippitt, attorneys, of Pttalunia.
The couple took up their residence on j
the property, and for a while the course of >!
true love ran smoothly. But some time '
last fail, after several violent quarrels, the
young wife left her husband and com
menced' a suit fora divorce. " She asked for j
a division of the property and for alimony
an<( counsel fees to the extent of $120.
The court granted the prayer for ali
mony and counsel fees and made an order
directing Justen to pay within ten days.
Justen claimed to have no means of rais
ing that sum and refused to comply with
the order, and so a few days ago he was
pinced in the County Jail here, where he
lias since remained.
Shortly after commencing her suit Mrs.
Justen, "accompanied by her father, re
turned to her husband's home, only to
Bod all of the door* tightly locked and
the premises vacant. Thinking that pos
session was nine points in the law the
yoUBR wife procured an ax, and, battering
down the front door, took possession of
the house. She and her father have since
resided there.
Now comes Mrs. M. Perry, who declares
that Blie is .-till the owner of the property,
and asks the court to dispossess all of the
defendants and declare the escrow deed to
be vaid. An effort will be made by Jus
ten s attorneys to-morrow to show the
court that he is unable to pay the $120 ali
mony, and have him released from jail.
The Monterey at I'nrt loicnaend.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., March 13.—
The United States coast defense monitor
Monterey, Captain Kempff in command,
was reported off Cape Flattery this even-
Ing, bound hither, whence she will pro
cvai at an early date to the recently com-
Dieted drydock at Port Orchard. The
Monterey will be the first vessel to occupy
the new dock, and the trial will be watched
with much interest.
JAIL-BREAK AT LAKEPORT
George Coburn, a Kleptomaniac,
Cuts Through the Floor
of His Ceil.
Had Been Convicted of Burglary and
Sentenced to a Term in
Folsom.
LAKEPORT, Cm.., March 13.— George
; W. Coburn, who has been confined in the
; County Jail at this place for four months,
: escaped Wednesday night by cutting
through the tloor and then through a 20
--inch brick wall. His flight was not dis
; covered until yesterday morning, and the
| oih'cers of San Francisco nnrt intermediate
i points were notified at once. It is sup
posed that he will make tor Sa:i Francisco
' and endeavor to obtain passage to Ukiah.
His father, W. K. Coburn, spent consid-
J erab'.e time with him in his cell and last
Monday went to San Francisco. He is
'■ suspected of having aided his son in ar
ranging the escape and officers were in
structed to shadow him.
Young Coburn is a kleptomaniac of the I
worst type. He has been stealing from his :
neighbors for ten or twelve years and al- i
though many of his thefts were commit- i
' ted in open day he was only recently ap- |
; pri'henued. At his trial a "wagon-load of j
, articles which he had taken was exhibited '
jin court. The plunder consisted of old
clothing, boots, shoes, books, canned fruit,
pepper sauce, bottles of ink, crowbars,
axes, lamps, stoves and innumerable other
\ articles. Some of these were utterly use
less to him and could not be disposed of. !
He never soid any of his stolen goods, but j
hid them in caches in the brush.
Coburn was convicted of burglary in the !
■ second degree and sentenced to three years i
in the penitentiary. He was to havebeen
taken to Folsom several days ago, but the
• Judge granted a stay of proceedings to i
; give his attorney time" to prepare a bill of !
i exceptions.
CoDurn is about 30 years of age, has a '
, sandy complexion, light hair, blue or gray i
! eyes, and is about five feet six inches tall. !
He has a cunning, foxy appearance, and at
the same time a cringing, apologetic air, j
: and never looks one in the eye.
A MISSION HIGH SCHOOL
People South ot Fourteenth Street
Will Petition for
One.
An Enthusiastic Mass • Meeting and
Birth of the "Mission High
School Club."
The citizens of the district south oi i
Fourteenth street held an enthusiastic
mass-meeting last night at the Mission C
Parlor of the Native Bons.
The question of having a high school in
that part of town was thoroughly dis- !
cussed, and an association known as the !
Mission High School Club was started, !
which will continue to aeitate this desire
of the !ar<re number of inhabitants living j
in this part of town.
Thd following officer? were elected : John
H. Grady, president; Mrs. W. .1. Hardy,
vice-president; Miss Lucile Bailey, secre
tary, and E. P. Murphy, treasurer.
Hi eeches were made by J. F. Crosset, J.
H. Grady, E. P. Murphy," William Metzner
and St'libol Director William Henderson.
Mr. Grady stated that 30 percent of the
High School children of the City came
from that portion of town south of Four
teenth street and that in the present state
of affairs the children were new oblieeu
to traverse the length o^ the City in goinsr
to and coming from school.
Director Henderson said the matter of
expense was the main thing that the
board would have to first consider. He
thought, however, this difficulty might
perhaps be obviated by bonding the City
for say $5,000,000. He was of the opinion
that the Lowell Hijrh School for boys
might be moved to the neighborhood of
Twenty-third street.
It was decided to hold weekly meetings
of the club on Friday nights.
The following resolutions, submitted by
President Grady, were adopted:
Whereas, The large district south of Four- 1
teenth street, representing 60 per com of this I
City and Couniv, and its inhabitants paying a I
large share of taxes and furnishing several
thousand school children, whose intelligence
and ability cannot be excelled, is entirely
without a high school or high school
facilities; and whereas, there are now sup
ported in part by our people four high schools, i
ali of wliich are' situated in one section of the
city, and as by their great distance our chil- !
drcn are practically denied the advantages of ;
the course of studies they teach or would |
teach them; therefore be it
Ktxoh'ol, Tnat the parents of this large dis
trict, in mass-meeting assembled, earnestly I
request the Board of Education to take imnu. ; - i
diate steps to till this long-falt want and piace '
us on the same footing with other sections of j
the City. Be it further
/.■< * That a committee of seven be np- i
pointed by this club to present the-e resolo- '
ttons with Mich other facts as may appear to j
them at once to the Board oi .Education, and i
ta!;e such steps as may be required to attain j
our end.
The appointment of the committee of
Bfren was postponed until the next meet
ing.
The Police C'lminUtioneri.
The Police Commissioners heard a number of
cases last evening. Officer Murty Callinan
was lined .*25 for being in a saloon while on
duty. Officer Joel L stoddard was fined fSO
on a conviction of neglect of duty. Officer E.
K. li.idc, jointly sccowd with Stbddant, was
acquitted. E .1. Thomson and George Farrcll
were r.icli fined .+SO for drinking in a saloon
while tin duty. The ciinrge of using vulear
language to a civilian was dismissed. Michael
.1. Heapy was fined $10 lor making an uiilaw
ml arrest.
If TRorBLKD with Bronchitis on Asthma
try at once Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant, an old
established" medicine for all Coughs, Colds and
Lung affections.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
THE STRIKE IS
NEAR A CRISIS.
I Union Men Confident of Suc
cess Within a Very
Few Days.
MASTER PAINTERS MEET
They Discuss Their Troubles in
Secret Behind Closed
Doors.
SIXTY BOSSES HAVE GIVEN IN.
If the Strike Lasts Two Weeks Longer
the Building Trades Will Be
Involved.
!
________
The painters' strike for higher wages,
shorter hours and a recognition of the
Building Trades Council working-card ;s
still on, but the strikers are confident of
an early victory.
Their confidence in this ultimate end is
based on two or three propositions. First,
nearly sixty of the boss painters have
capitulated to the union's demands; sec
ond,if the strike continues two weeks longer
it will involve the entire building trades
in this City, which threatens to tie up
every piece of work under way and stop all
contemplated work, and, third, the strik
ers are satisfied that there is a division
in the Master Painters' Association, a
majority of which have already agreed to
the union s terms.
There are several remarkable features in
the present strike, which has been on for
rive days. Every meeting of the strikers
has been held with open doors, a thing
unprecedented in labor 6trikes, and the
most singular thins is that the strike has
cost the union only $47 30 for relief of mem
bers, hall rent, etc. So far not a single act
of violence has been committed.
The Master Painters' Association held
its first meeting since tbe strike last even
ing, but it was held with closed doors and
the members and officers were pledged not
to divulge what had been done or said.
Whether this means that they are prepar
ing to compromise with the strikers or
tight can only be surmised.
MASTER PAINTERS MEET.
A Division of Opinion as to the
Policy Toward the
Strikers.
The members of the Master Painters'
Association held a meeting last evening,
the first since the journeymen painters'
strike began last Monday. There was a
large attendance present and the debate
lasted from 8 to 11 r. m.
The debate as to the policy of the asso
ciation on the strike question was longand
spirited and judging from the silence of
the members after the meeting was over
no conclusion was arrived at.
A resolution was passed enjoining all the
members from giving any news to the press
or public of what had been done in the
meeting.
One thing was learned and that is that a
committee of about ten was appointed,
but whether to confer with the strikers, to
organize a fighting campaign or to draft an
agreement, could not be learned. After
the meeting the committee was organized.
BOSSES COME TO TERMS.
Encouraging: Reports Made by the
Striking Painters' Com
mittees.
The regular afternoon meeting of the
striking painters in the Temple yesterday
was a most enthusiastic affair. The reason
was that with very few exceptions the re
ports of the committees showed that there
are very few master painters now holding
out against the union's demands. A list of
over sixty boss painters who have given in
was read and received with cheers.
Danielson of the North Beach committee
made a statement that caused a little sur
prise. He said that all of the shops in the
Latin quarter, except the recognized union
shop*, are tied up, and not a single foreign
painter is now working. These painters
are all standing firm for the union.
This condition of affairs, Danielson said,
was caused to a very great extent by
Pietro Gori, the anarchist. The latter had
been of L-reat service to the committee, as
he had given much of his time to explain
ing to his countrymen the principles of
unionism and the' importance of all union
men standing together in trouble and in
peace. A vote of thanks was extended by
the striking painters to the anarchist.
Attention was called to newspaper adver
tisements for painters and decorators.
The advertiser offered the former $3 .50
and the latter $4 50 a day. This was de
nounced as a bosses' trick to fill the town
with worJcmen to fill the strikers' places.
Several of the committees and a number
of strikers made reports on individuals and
jobs.
Committees 1 and 7, A. M. Beach
chairman, reported that at 220 O'Farrell
street four men were locked in so that the
committee could not see them, and James
Kienfteld, 2019 Hyde, Pessano ifc Caratto,
2008^ Mason, and L. Bedoni, 12 Jasper
place, have given in to all demands.
"The Mis-ion dißtrict is all tied up," was
the report of committee 2.
Committee 4, Mclvor chairman, reported
nearly every job so ith of Market from
Tenth to tTie water front is all tied i t>.
Took out two men from a job or> Fourth
street. Koch, the painter, who has held
out so long, at ast gave in and sent in his
application with the assurance that here
after his will be a union shop. Molvor
preen ted the following communication
from liradley & Son:
This is to certify that Bradley & Son agree to
all conditions an d accept the card system of the
I'aintets' Union. Bhadley "«fc BOH,
, * 9~'3 Mission street.
The letter was received with cheers, as
this tirrn. which does a large amount of
work and employs many men, has beld
out up to the present time with much tiini
ness.
Committee 7, Saurwine chairman, re
ported two men working on Franklin
street who are not union men. This is
Haver's job.
W. M. Welch is out for the union and so
are his men.
Tuson on Larkia street has given in.
Lavigne on Golden Gate avenue has
given in to all demands.
Committee 10, Kerrepan chairman, re
ported that Palmer & Speetzen have
given in.
O. W. Boyd of i'4ol Sutter street and C.
G. Foley of 2110 Filliuore street have
xiven in.
The Shaffer Bros, are still holding out
aeainst the union.
C. F. Schadt, business agent of the Car
penters' and Joiners' Union, was called
for. He stated that in his rounds he has
Kept a 6harp outlook for non-union paint
era. Only at one place, at the farther end
of Taylor street, did be find a non-union
job, but the boss promised to support the
painters. In all his rounds he has heard
much discussion by tbe public in general,
and all seem to hoL>e the painters will win
the strike. He advised the men to keep
on lirmly, but not to resort to violence,
and said:
Your fight is the fight of the carpenters and
all branches of the trades unions, and I for
one would be in favor of nil the carpenters and
all the other unions turniug out to-morrow to
help the striking painters if necessary. Your
fight ia our tight, and if you lose all the rest of
us will lose. When your wages go down ours
are sure to fall, so 1 say we must stand to
gether, and if it |s necessary let us tie up the
whole building trades in this City. All our
hopes of getting our rights for the next four
yenrs depend upon our success this year.
This is the election year, ana now is our chance
to secure our rights.'
Mr. Schadt told of an experience in the
forenoon on Hyde and Union streets. Dur
ing a discussion with non-union carpen
ters an olhciou? policeman told the gath
ering of men that when the lathers get
ready to go to work for them to do so and
he would be ready to shoot the head off
the rim striker who interfered with the
workmen. The union laborers, who to a
great extent pay the taxes from which this
policeman secures his pay, greatly appre
ciate this kind of police protection. The
speaker is glad that the entire force is not
made of the same clay as that of the
North Beach policeman.
A report wits made that in the Physi
cian's Home Hospital, on Sutter and Jones
street*, the nurses arc painting the floors.
President Rose ipld of an interesting ex
perience he had with Krebler's men on a
job on Bush and Jones streets. He said
that the non-union men were very abusive
and even threatened the committee with
violence. One of the carpenters there was
also very ugly and ahused him roundly.
Some one became alarmed and sent for t fie
police and a squad of three arrived a little
later, but found nothing to warrant police
interference. However, before the com
mittee left they took out two painters who
will join the union at once.
The painters will acain meet at 3 o'clock
to-day and again at 8 o'clock in the even
ing at 115 Turk street and initiate over 200
new members.
FRIENDS OF THE UNION.
Master Painters Who Have Ac
ceded to AI! the Strikers'
Demands,
During the meeting of the striking
painters a request was made that the sec
retary state the names and addresses of all
the boss painters who acceded to the de
mands of the union, so that the commit
tees need not call upon them again. The
secretary stated that the following is the
list, with possibly a few additions, names
accidentally omitted in taking the many
reports made: .
J. Cooney, 141 Fourth street.
B. L. .Brandt, Montgomery street.
— Stanton, Geary and Mason.
J. Sohofleld, 4 Bergonie place.
.Rhodes Bros., 205 San Jose avenue.
P. J. Cramer & Son.
W. T. Buck, Devisadero and Fulton.
— Meyers, 761 Mission street.
J. Chaban, Polk. street.
T. A. McCarthy, 615 Natoma street.
-- Buck worth.
— Williams, Devisadero and Pine.
— Pyiie, 2126 Pine street.
Crow & Curly, 720 Haight street.
Tom Welsh, 1313 Fell street.
J. M. Noiinan, 1034 Folsom street.
— Gerkin, Oakland.
T. Vorath, 246 Ninth street. .
Charles Hoffman.
Edmundson on housework.
Antonetti, O'Farrcll street.
T. J. Cramer, 908 Pine street.
William Armstrong, McAllister street.
Burr t Shields, McAllister street.
J. Thompson, 2019 Polk street.
W. Roberts, 1873 Mission street.
George Best horn, 1105 Scott street.
Wad bam & Co.
Shaeffer Bros.
burner & Co.
Rhorig, Howard street.
8. J. Dwyer, 1320 Utah street.
Ehurt & Elert, Post and Jones.
Brown & Johnson, Market street.
. O. Williams, Fremont street.
J. Lundy, California street.
Schenky, Bush and Devisadero. , . •
Charles Bernard, Merchant street.
William Barton, Hyde and Union.
Orick, Howard street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
B. M. Gallagher, Sacramento street.
Smith. 231 Mission street. rf vu ■k. v
Leon Lavinc, Golden Gate avenue andGough.
C. G. Koley, 2110 Fillmore street.
O. W. Boved, 2401 Sutter street.-
S. C. Murray, (>_':> Howard street.
Tuson, MarKet street.
Mark McCord, Market street.
Swan & Stein, Market street.
T. Downing, Mission street.
Dearborn, Eighth and Howard.
Begubl & Son.
Hamerup 0 K.
Patchel & Batea. •
Norman, Mission street, near Thirteenth.
F. Merschen, 412 Devisdero street, corner of
Oak. I ::■>•;■;
Edwards, Nineteenth street, . .
H.F. Waen«r, California street.
Agmar, California street.
James Rienfeld, 2019 Hyde street.
L. P. Bedom, 12 Jasper place.
Pessamo & Carrate. 2008 Mason.
W. Koch, O'Farrell street. .
Bradley & Sou, 923 Mission street.
INDORSE THE STRIKERS.
Words of Encouragement From the
Labor Council and the Car
penters' Union.
There was a pood attendance at last
night's meeting of the. San Francisco Labor
Council, and those present expressed their
sympathy for the striking painters in no
uncertain terms. One member stated that
he had found seven sailors about to under
take a job of painting offered them by one
of the firms which the Painters' Union i|
endeavoring to bring to time. He showed
them a copy of The Call, wherein was
contained what he considered the fairest
and most complete public statement of the
condition of aff iirs, and when the sailors
had seen it they gw up the job.
"Sailors, as a rule," h> explained, "don't
go a-scabhing; at least union sailors don't,
unless they are fooled, as these fellows
were."
.1. K. PriiUips, chairman; vV. McArthur,
secretary; A. Milner, O. Grassmann anJ
Josep Walter, all of the committee on
law and le.tris'ation, presented the follow
ing resolution aneni the painters' strike,
which was unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The California Painters' and Deco
rators' Union No. 1 is now on a strike forth©
introduction and maintenance of 'the union
card system, for the eight-hour day, and for a
minimum uaee of $3 par day; and whereas,
these demands are reasonable And in keeping
with the principles of decent labor; therefore,
be it. •■_ ." -\'. . ... ' . ■ . • .■.•.,.
Resolved, That the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil In regular session assembled, indorses the
strike of ihc Mid ion, and guarantee* its
support morally and financially, and --■-' .* ■'■ :
, Jit-olvui, That the Han Francisco Labor Coun
cil requests the support of the public, the
press and all fair employers toward , the end
that the workers involved may secure their
demands.
The secretary of the Coast Bean?en's
Union requested that a rumor to the
t-ffect tliu" that otyanibatkm was on t)>e
eve of a strike be disregarded, as it wa.< en
tirely without foundation.
.1. T. On yon, representing the Iron
mooluers 1 Union No. KM entered a protect
against the sale of prison-made Stove*.
lie reported that large numbers of these
stoves, made in Salt-ni, Or., by convicts
employed under contract in one of the
foundries there, were shipped to this City
for sale, and that a fresh carload was now
on the way, consigned to a leading hard
ware house.
The council decided to take no imme
diate action in the case of the striking
lathers.
At a meeting of: the "Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union No. , 22 a resolution was
adopted providing for the sending of a
latter to the sinking pa"nter« voicing the
union's approbations of their attitude in
words of. encouragement and good fellow
ship. ' ■ '/..■'■ . -, ;■ ...'■",' ': ■ .;■ .
The union decided to" raise its initiation
fee, which will be $10 in place of $2 as here
tofore, after the Ist of May next. A union
of Italian carpenters : will be formed by
delegates ;: from union No 22 .- on ■ next
Thuisday night at Apollo Hall, on Pacific
street," near Stockton. Delegates from the
union.will also attend; the Labor Conven
tion to-morrow. * Preparations j are being
made for the union's annual picnic, which
is set for April 26 in Sunset Park, among
the Santa Cruz Mountains. <■►
THE DEMOCRATIC ARENA
Hot War Over Buckley for the
State Central Committee
To-Day.
BUCKLEY WARRIORS READY.
The Fate of the Junta Depends on the
Hazard of the Meeting This
Afternoon.
The Democrats will occupy the political
arena to-day.
The meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee in the billiard-room of
the California Hotel at 2 o'clock this after
noon is a momentous one to the party— at
least it might be a momentous one if this
happened to be a Democratic year.
The meeting to-day may not' decide the
political fate of Chris Buckley and the old
friends of his who have rallied together in
exceedingly formidable array, but it will
have a strong if not a determinative influ
ence on the local party situation.
The party now consist* mainly of three
elements. First come Buckley and the
Democrats who lean to the faction he
dominates. This faction has the bulk of
the "push," the bulk of the old-time and
experienced practical politicians of the
party, and the bulk of the votes and vote -
makers^ which count at election time. It
has, too, the bulk of the political skill and
shrewdness if not the brains and influence
of the party in San Francisco. It regis
tered 11,800 votes at its last enrollment
and it voted about 6000 names at its recent
uncontested primary. A large majority of
these nanns are believed to be legitimate.
\ . Among the avowed members and cham
pions of the Buckley element are such
men as Judge Robert" Ferral, George R. B.
Hayes, Peter F. Dunne, the United States
Land Receiver, Railroad Commissioner
James I. Stanton, John McCarthy, James
H. O'Brien. E. T. Mills, Joseph Roths
child, A. J. Clunie, James C. Nealon, Dr.
Bryan.
Secretly favorable to this element is a
large number of men of party influence
who would exhibit no open alliance.
Among them are generally reputed to be
Kussel! Wilson, W. W. Foote, Jud?e Gar
ber, E. C. Coogan, W. F. Goad, Fleet F.
Strother,- E. P. Cole, Thomas E. Bishop,
A. H. Lough borough, W. B. Wilshire and
many others of liKe standing. .
The second most notable element con
sists of the aggregation of political forces
which has come to be Known as the Junta.
Gavin McNab and his friend and follower
W. P. Sullivan now and for some time
have controlled and managed this organ
ization. It, contains a larger percentage —
leaving actual numbers out of considera
tion — of the decent, honest and respectable
element of the party than does the Buck
ley element. The Junta was organized
and it exists solely to oppose Christopher
A. Buckley's return 10 political power. It
has no other end. It proclaim* the slogan,
"Decency, anti-Buckleyism and anti-boss
ism," and it asks recognition on this
ground alone, regardless of the wishes of a
majority of the party and regardless of
whether or not a large majority of the
party want Buckley, and Buckleyism.
The Junta enrolls among its supporters
a large number of good, decent and some
what influential Democrats.
This support of influential and yet highly
respectable Democrats is, however, rather
passive than active, as Is often the case
under such circumstances. But these good
people constitute a minority of the organ
ization. The Junta aggregation is com- j
posed first and mainly of- Itainey and
lis Fire Department political strength,
Superintendent of the Mint : Daggett and
his patronage political strength and Inter
nal Collector Welburn and the political
strength he wields through his patronage.
To those three powers Gavin McNab is in
close friendship. Gavin McNab alone can
hold them together and Gavin McNat)
wields their combined powers as one club.
Added to these factors is a minority ele
ment of unquestioned decency, in the name
of which all things are done by Gavin Me-
Nab.
So ps far as practical politics go the situ
ation now presented is one of Gavin Mc-
Nab vs. Christopher A. Buckley.
But there is a third element in the party,
and it is a big one. It is composed of
Democrats who have no use for Buckley
for one thing. For another thing they
have no more use for Sam Rainey who,
they believe, controls the Junta, when it
comes to practical politics— not the talk
ing, which is attended to by Gavin McNab.
This third element includes nearly all of
that large element of the party that has no
use for John Daggett, who figures so
largely in the Junta in. conjunction with
his personal and political friend, Sam
Rainey, who has fomrht Daggett's battles
in Sacramento and elsewhere and who gets
men in the Mint whenever he wants them.
It is the general understanding among
local politician* that Daggett and Rainey.'s
combination looks to Daggett's interests
in State politic* and Rainey's interests in
local politics. Dacgett has had the hand
of many Democrats against him since the
famous Stockton convention of 1884, when
he was formally read out of the party, and
he has reopened a lot of those old sores
»nd gained a fresh lot of Democratic ene
mies through the way he has wielded his
Mint patronage. Some are simply dis
appointed and some kick because Daggett
has come down from Siskiyou and tried to
control San Francisco politics. What Dag
gett wants just now is the delegation to
the National convention.
• This third element includes, too. the
many anti-BucKley men who have no use
for Gavin McNab, th*» anti-Buckley boss.
Among the legion of local Democrats who
have enemies ready with a club M Nab is
a star. Among thesf are counted Judge
Sullivan and J. J. Dwyer, who led the
anti-Buckley revolution of 1892, and many
who took leading parts with them. Still
others, who have simply a hopeless desire
to see something decent loom up in Demo
cratic politics, care nothing for anybody
whose name gets mentioned in all the mess. |
\ Their position toward the \ Buckley and I
Junta factions is, "A plague on both your !
houses." Eugene* Deuprey. chairman of :
the last municipal convention, and ap- J
pointer of that "Deuprey committee,",
which was used to start the Junta organi- I
zation, is one of these ahti-Bucklevites who !
will have nothing to do with the Junta.
This is the local situation which con- I i
fronts the Democratic State Central Com
mittee to day with its chief problem. It is
partly a matter of principle and discretion f ,
nd largely a matter of practical politics.
The members from the interior are nat- !
rally opposed to Buckley. For four or
, five months Gavin McNab, assisted by Max I
Popper and others, have been \ seeing and ' \
■ writing to the country members of the i
committee, explaining, that the. situation I
was one of the: entire decent elements of i ;
the party against a dethroned and unscru
pulous boss, who has sold - out and who
won"d sell out the party, and getting their
assurances of support and their proxies.
The State Central Committee consists of I ,
103 .member?. , Most of the 'eighteen San i
Francisco member? are against Buckley. I
Nearly nil the interior members * are i"
against BucUey; but the Buckleyites !
have not don • the missionary work that
Gavin McNab has done.;: ,
There are two main question? related to
to-day's meeting— ln>w far will the mem- •
bers, present consider ; the situation .•■.:. to I
be one -that calls for a new and clean deal j t
in the shape, of an open primary, and to
what extent will it be a ' proxy . meeting,
with Gavin McNab voting the proxies? v'
It r was generally thought yesterday that J
not more than 80 of 60 of the 103 members '
would answer rollcall to-day. The Buck- | «
leyites concede, that > the proxy , Business ' i
will defeat them, if they are defeated, and [ c
! . -./• :.■..■'
Gavin McNab was yesterday quite hilari
ous over the prospects or victory he
thought he paw before him.
The interior delegates have generally
taken lately the position that they will
wait and hear the evidence before they will
dec Me.
The question that will arise to-day will
be, as lias been often explained, whether
or not the State Central Committee shall
give the Junta the prestige of official recog
nition by resolution and the issuance to it
alone of the call for the State convention.
This would be only. a matter of prestige,
but it would b!*"a ::reat advantage and
victory for Gavin McNab.
The Burkleyites claim to have "the" reg
ular local party organization, are pre
pared with abl': orators, witnesses and af
fidavits to prove the regularity of their
organization and that the Junta faction is
a minority born in trickery. To-day the
old liners will be championed at the
meeting by Julge Ferral, George R. B.
Hayes, Peter F. Dunne and others.
The position of the Buckleyites is, first,
that the ttate Central Committee has no
initial right to interfere; that its sole duty
is to can a state convention, if two fac
tions come before it and ask it to act as a j
committee of arbitration then it may do j
something.
It is planned that the fight shall come !
up on the presentation of a resolution j
instructing the secretary of the State j
Central Committee to issue the call for the |
State Convention to the Democratic or- j
ganization of San Francisco of which W. |
Jr. Suhivan is chairman and John F. Mc-
Govern secretary.
This would extend official recognition to
the Junta, though if it is adopted the
Buckleyites will go right ahead as the reg
ular party organization, send its delegates
to the State Convention and light it out
there. But the Buckleyites don't want tho
damage that would thus result, in the way |
of moral and political effect.
The committee oi twenty-rive appointed '
at the meeting of the Buckley general !
committee last Thursday night to take I
charge of the case before the State Central !
Committee held a meeting at 935 Market '
street last night and chose a sub-commit- j
tee to do the talking and fighting to-day. j
This committee is asfollows:: George R.
B. Hayes, Keel B. Terry, M. J. Donuvap,
Henry Ach, Jowph Rothschild, James H.
O'Brien, D. fid. Gavigan. James Devoto
and James C. Nealon.
When tne resolution mentioned is of
fered to-day some member of the commit
tee friendly to the Buckley side will ob- j
ject to iis consideration, on the ground ;
that the committee has, by all Demo- ,
cratic principles and prestige, no jurisdic- j
tion to thus intrude itself into local politi- j
cal affairs and judge and regulate them.
It can only act as A committee of arbitra- :
tion, when both sides agree to present a ;
case.
The committee will probably decide to |
proceed to do something, and then the de- i
inand will be made, and undoubtedly con- i
ceded, that representatives of the "regu- j
lar" local organization be given an oppor- !
tunity to be heard before they arc cxc- j
cuted.
Then, according to what appeared yes- I
terday to be the favorable course of" things, j
Gavin McNab will object to their being ;
given a bearing unless they v» r iil agree in J
advance to be bound by thederision of the j
State Central Committee. Mr. McNab, j
feeling confident of a majority of the com- j
mi tee, will agree to submit his case with- j
mi reservation and abide by the judgment, j
rhon the h>bt wili develop.
The Bucklfyitcs wiil not agree to sub- ,
ruit to anything in advance. They will |
*ay that if the committee wants to be fair j
they will accept its arbitration on the basis ;
that there be lield an open primary in the ;
selection of the officers of which both sides j
«hail fairly share. In other words, they I
will offer to meet the Junta at a primary !
ilection.
Quite a number of State Central com- j
mitteemen arrived in the City last night. I
Few or none from the interior would com
nit themselves on the local situation. All
wanted to "hear the case first."
Daggett controls several of the commit
tee, and they and others who are controlled
n other ways will "go down the line" for
McNab. Many of the members were open j
:o conviction as to what ought to be done
n the interest of tha party. Then there
ire the proxies.
Ihe Burkleyites say that the calling of
the meeting for a Saturday afternoon was
1 scheme to shut off debate and fair in
vestigation through the members wanting
to hurry through and get home, and de
bate and investigation are what the Buck
leyites want and what Gavin McNab does
nut want.
Next to the loca' fight the only thing of
interest, unless some anti-railroad resolu
tions are introduced, will be the selection
of a place to hold the State convention.
Stockton began its campaign earliest,
but last evening Sacramento was making
the most noise and feeling continent of
winning.* The last time the convention
was held in Stockton was in 1884. That
was the famous Stockton convention. It
is said that John iJagsrett has bitter memo
ries of Stockton, and that his influence
will not go to that city.
Sacramento has not had the Democratic
convention for about seventeen year?, and
the Sacramentans were declaring last nipht i
that it is time tsioy saw one.
They hold that it cuts no figure that the ;
Republican and Populist conventions are i
going there this year.
Isidor Alexander was the first Sacra
mento hustler to appear. Last evening he j
was joined by M. R. Baird and P. J. I
Shields, who are with him on the com- |
mittep, and by a committee of citizens ii>
Muding William Beckman and Postmaster
Fox.
W. M. Gibson led the delegation of Stock
ion workers that appeared about the hotels
ast evening.
BUDD MUST BOW TO LAW.
Some Cold Legal Facts Which
Confront the State's
Executive.
Impeachmnt and Mandamus Threaten
H:m if Lieutenant - Governor Is
Omitted From His Proclamation.
If Governor BucM carries out the pro
gramme whi h he is raid to be c< ntempiai
iiiK of omitting to provide for the election
of a Lienn nant-GuVemor in hia coming
proclamation it is the opinion of enfinent
lawyers that lie will fi rid a deal of cold,
hard law to explain away. Tiie object of
this omission is, of course, to continue his
nominee, Jeter, in office, thus insuring a
Democratic administration in case the
gubernatorial chair should by any means
become vtcant.
To do this it In reported that he intend.?
to go contrary to the obvious spirit of the
statutes and the unmistakable will of the
popple who adopted the State constitu
tion on the pretense of what he considers
serviceable technicalities in tliecode provis
ions. That those technicalities are mate
rial is not generally believed by legal au
thorities.
Article V of the State constitution
reads:
When any office shall from any cause, be
come vucant, and no mode is provided by the
constitution or law for filling such vacancy,
the Governor phall have po^er to fill such
vacancy by granting a commission, which will
expire at tiie end of the next ?esslon of the
legislature, or at the next election by the
people.
This section seems to decisively deter
mine the ultimate method of tilling vacan
cies, but to provide against any possible
temporary vacancy of tbe important office,
section 15 of the same article provide?,
after stating »he manner in which the
Lieutenant-Uovernor is to be elected, that.
"If during a vacancy of the office of Gov
ernor, the Lieutenant-Governor shall be
impeached, displaced, resign or die, or be
come incapable of performing the duties
of his office, or be absent from the State,
the Pr sident pro tern pore of the Senate
shall act as Governor until the vacancy be
In view of the preceding article, the
purport of this section is obvious.
The Political Code virtually re-enacts
the provisions of the constitution and
further says in section 999:
When any office becomes vacant and no
mode is provided by law for tilling *ucn
vaea»ev the Governor must nil such vacancy
by erantin* a commission, to expire at the
nexfse"sionof the Legislature, or at the next
election by the people.
Section 1001 provides that:
A vaeancv occurring in the office of either
the Secretary of Slate. Controller, Treasurer,
Attoruev-General, Surveyor-General or clerk
of the Supreme Court must be tilled by a per
son appointed by tbe Governor, who shall hold
| office for the nnexpired term.
It is upon the omission of Lieutenant-
Governor in this section that Governor
Budd is said to rely for his authority to
withhold a proclamation for that ofhee,
yet it would seem that the very omission
here brinus it under the section of the
constitution which urovides for the man
ner of filling offices for which no mode is
! particularly described. The spirit of the.
| section providing for the appointment of
| a temporary occupant for this orh.ee ap
; appears by analogy in section 2 of article
I V of the" constitution, where it is pro
! vided that "vacancies which occur in
| offices during a recess of the Legislature,
I the appointment to which is vested in the
Governor and Senate, or in the Legisla
ture, must be filled by the Governor; but
the persons so appointed can only hold
office until the adjournment of the next
ses s ion of the Legislature."
Political sections 1053 and 1054 provide
for the issuance of .a proclamation at least
thirty days prior to an election which
"must contain a statement of the time of
election and of the office* to be filled." It
is intimated that this section is another on
which the Governor reiies to retain Jeter
in office. His medus operandi will be to
wait until exactly 30 daj> prior to election.
He will then issue his proclamation, and
any proceedings commenced after that
date will be too late to result in a va'id
election for Lieutennnt-Governor, as it has
been held that a special election without
the full time of notice prescribed is illegal.
In speaking of this matter Attorney John
E. Richards said :
It is evident from the law on the preposition
that it is the duty of th<- Governor tol.^uea
proclamation for the election of a Lieutenant-
Governor in tho faH. Should he neglect this
duty the people have two remedies. One is by
writ of mandamus. The people can sue for a
writ on the showing that the Governor threat,
ens to issue a proclamation leaving oft' this
office.
It is true some doubt has been expressed as
to the availability of this remedy, when di
rected aguinst one of the three co-ordinate
branches of the Government, but California
cases have repeatedly held that where the
act is one »>urely ministerial anil not the sub
ject of discretion the Governor oi a state is
liable to mandate.
In a case reported in the thirty-ninth Cali
fornia it Ik said : "If the act is enjoined by law
and the non-fulfillment of It is a wrong to a
particular person that particular person may
apply for a writ of mandate."
In this case perhaps any person deprived of
his right to vote lor a Lieutenant-Governor
would be held to have suctained a particular
wrong. At any rate by that time there will be
regularly nominated candidates for the office,
and these will certainly have sustained a par
ticular wrong.
ShoulJ the people deem it inadvisable to
employ mandamus pfooeedlngl a .-<econd
remedy is at hand, namely, impeachment.
In view of the plain provisions of the law, tt
is not likely the Governor will run the risk of
impeachment by what will undoubtedly be a
Republican Senate. Moreover, it is the gen.
eral view among Republicans that when Mr.
Millard died the President pro tern. of the Sen
ate became Lieo tenant-Governor. Should Mr.
Jeter remain in office it is not unlikely that a
Republican Senate would recognize its own
officer. Governor Budd would then be put in
a dilemma. The principle exempting co«
ordinate branches of the government from
mandamus, which is urged with doubtful
pertinence in his defense, would be unques
tioned where the Senate was concerned, and
the Democratic executive wou'd be without
any possible means of forcing the recognition
of his nominee.
Other attorneys expressed themselves in
a similar vein.
X
ft 0
iwiTaWiririiifn iffrr 1 " . . - -;^#arvGUESSED NOT WISELY.
Three Favorites Won, Still the |
Bookies Had the Best
of It.
DTTNGABVEN COULDN'T LAND.
Mount McGregor II at 12 to 1 and Old
Toano at 15 to 1 Both Won
Practically Unbacked.
Yesterday happened to be one of those
days at the racetrack when the talent be
come detached from their loose coin and
then wonder why they did not back the \
winner. Three first choices out of six
landed purses, still the wily penciler had i
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pifty-slxth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Friday.
1 March 13. i 896. Weather Cold. Track Good.
BSfi FIRBT Four furlongs; two-year-olds; penalties; allowances; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight-
I St.
V*
Retting.
Op. Cl.
.
818 iOeorge Palmer.... 4
B'_'3 I Early Notice 102 2
805 St. Dunstan Kl7 3
8*23 'seven Up 102 1
Retorter . 110 5
807 straggler 110 left
M8 TheKoman 105 left
Dolce. 107 (left
I
!
!
I
i
1 2
35
41/3
2 1/a
5
1 3
2 h
4 V a
36
5
12
24 i
34
44 :
5
Macklin
18. Jones.. .,
(iarner
Frawley
Shields
Pryce
Cochran
J. Chorn
3 7
5-2 13-5
2 7-5
2 60
2 15
* x
30 100
I 2 Ji
i
:::::::: j
!
I
i
I
I
Starting-Rate used. Won • asily. Winner. A. $. Spreekels' b. g., by Ecuador-Kitty Gunn. lime,
:50ii. * Coupled with Retorter. '
QO7 SECOND RACK— Six furlongs, selling: purse $ 400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
>t.
S 4
Betting.
Op. Cl.
BKO Walter J. 3 103 7
K-U Brametta, 3. 95 2
7*9 All Smoke. 4 103 9
819 Doubtful. 3. 97 1
B'J4 Starling, 5 104 4
828 Edsemount, 3 103 8
766 New Moon, 3 99 5
8-J4 Middleton, 6 106 3
35s Addeladi. 3 95 6
::::::::j
4 4
3h
84
2h
s*
61
1%
7 4
2%
34 ■
6
I*
9
Ih
1 h
8
12
5
7
4
9
1 i/fe I Macklin
2 i/» Uiarner
3V 3 jSnider.
4 4 Cochran
54 McHugh
6 6 Coady
720 McClain
810 Beauohamp
! 8 ! Rowan
2 5-2
3 6
4 5
2 13-5
20 12
4 rt
10 12
25 50
100 200
i
I i
startinr-gate used.
Time, 1:16%.
Won drivinp.
Winner, F. McDermitt's b. c, by imp. True Briton-Lillie S-
COO THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs: selling: purse $400.
Index.
' Horse, age, weight.
St.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
801 Mt. McGregor 11,8 93 3 11
(821) Babe Murphy, 4.. P9 1 3V2
822 Mobaiasca, 3 90 4 4 2
799 Boreas. 4 104 2 2^
765 Ma10DiaD10.4....110 5 1 5
828 ! Sir Reel, a 104|left
11 12
3^l 2h
4 1 45
2 h 3h
5 6
1 4
33
2 2
4 10
5
12 !
24 I
34
43 I
5 i
!E. Jones ,
■Cochran
I Garner
! Macklin
i Peoples
Piggott
8
6-5
1
8
60
30
12
1
6-5
15
100
100
I
........I
i
Starting-gate used.
Gregtir. Time, I:'JHi 2 .
Won easily.
Winner. Burns & AVaterhouse's b. c, by Day Star-Miss Me-
CQO ForRTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling;
OOU. $400.
; purse
ludex.j Horse, ace, weight.
Std. !
! V* J M
1i 2 : I^l
2 iy 2 22
&yz 3h
6^-6 Va
3h 52 !
4 4%
7 7
s .i
Betting.
Op. Cl.
—111 mi in 1 f ii
787 CanriHo. 4 96 4|21
*:«•_> Dangsrven, a ... 100 3! 1 h
(7R6i'Hi.lau'o. 4 9H 2 83
Ml Tar and Tartar. 6. 97 6 4 h
(745V May Day, 5 100 5 51
821 r)uehofMilpitas,4 91 7 7
824 Klirtilia.4 91 162
12
i 41
I 7
1 4
33
2h
i 6
I 42
i 5 1
7
14 E. Jones
2 6 ! Cochran
3h Slaughter
4 10 Garner
5h Piccott 1
6 it, Hewitt
7 R. Jsom i
! 6-5
5
8-5
7
12
25
: 8
6-5
6
4
5
15
50
20
Startinp-gate nsed. Won easily. Winner, K. Van Brunt's b. c, by St. Saviour-Imp. Lizzie Hampton,
Time. 1 tS
QA(\ FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds; penalties; allowances; pnrae $500.
Index. Horee, weight. | Bt. j Vi j y I 3 /i j Str. Fin. | Jockeys. op?' ci.
(815)!Wm Pinkerton... 97 1 1 1 iy 2 12 12 11 Garner ...7-6 1
328 Judge Denny 103 6 2h 3 1 33 IV* K'oady — ....... i 6 20
798 M..nta!lade P8 3 ! 32 21 21 34 Slaughter. 15 100
Hl4 I Governor Budd... 95 2 6 3 62 6 4^ E.Jones... 10 60
(825) s»tj Leake 112 5 | 4h 4b 52 " f>V% iMacKlin ....... 6-5 7-6
777 iMirambo »8 7 .". 7 7 7 64 Cochran :.... 15 60
(S19)! Afflatus. ....100 4 I 5h 5 2 4^% 7 j McClain 10 2O
£ rting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. g., by Shannon-Fan nie Lewis. ' Time,
] : "f 5 ■j- .-.;; ..--..1 •.■■■• :'..-.;. -^.:..y::: ■• ■ ■••••' ■■" • •" '■ ;
8 /i
Betting.
Op. Cl.
I !
!
j::::::::
2h V ' 2
3 2
63
4 h
7
! 5 h
1 2
3 1
2 1
6 2
4 h
52
1 2
3 3
2 1
6
B 2
7
4M
11 Garner 7-5
214 iroady ....... 6
3 4 slaughter...'..... il5
4 yt !E. Jones j 10
fiL) MacK1in.. ....... 6-5
6 4 Cochraa :.... 15
7 McClain 10
1
20
100
60
7-6
60
20
!
I I
l SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; purse $400.
InU<-.\. Horse, age, weight.
801 Tonno. a. 106 4
(828)1 Service, a 109 2
808 shielrtDearer, 4...105 1
764 -^ r Kichard, 6....109; 6
HB9 Tim Murphy, a. . . 107 3
fi 1 6 Tobey. 4 102 1 7 i
7:>l sea 4 102 5 1
M osier. 3 97 8 |
¥* '
........
V* >A
2 i 1 y 2
3 Va 4 6
In 2 2
7 3 7 10
4 3 31/2
6Va 6ii
52 6^
8 8
1 2
42
2 3
56
3 3
7 10
6 h
8
Fin.
11 ,
21
33
4«s
D 5 <
m !
7 15
8 :.-
Macklin ...... 6
Shields ;.\ I
E. Jones :. 3
(Shaw .. 4
J. Chorn 8-5
(Ofuiy : 10
Garner.... 8
IR. Jsom. I 8
Betting.
J Op. Cl.
13
7-2
4
3
30
10
30
::::::::
I
Star; ing-gate used.
Tline. 1:1434.
Won handily.
W. J.
by Lougfellow-Salara.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
In races where the hoires have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
(Ustarce are given.
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: •, about.
FIRPT RACE— HaIf a mile; two-year-olds.
I Best |
3dex. I Name. ! Lbs record, i Dlst, '
| 1
- I.adyLaurelwd.ilOO no rec. |
S3H Seven Up 100 no rec!
823 Sweet Liberty.. 105 no rec.
xl* Pink Smith 108 no rec. ;
82:-! Sister Modred.. 105 no rec/
K2* Inflammator [108 no rec!
SIS Wallaba ilOB no rec. :
652 Sister Adelle ... i 105 no rec.
SlB The Sinner '100 no rec.!
*-;s Investigator 111 100 no rec
*32 Dolore. 105 no rec.
901 Roena B 105 no rec
772 Kinpstreet 108 no rec.
823 Viking. ...» 103 no rec
Name.
....
....
....
....
....
:::
'Laurel wood farm .. Duke Norfolk-Neilson
|J. Kobblns Ip. Calvados- Virginia Dare
Oakland stable Torso Santa-Rita
jH. T. Griffin Imp. Moccasin- Klectrical
{California stable... Ip. SirModred-s Jm Douglas
.... Kim wood stock frm Imp. Bnitus-Ariola
ICE. Hutchinson.. Hyder All- Walnut
E. Corrigan Riley-Risterly
'Del Monte stable... j St. Andrew-Viola
... I)'l Monte stable... limp. Sir Modred-Why Not
i Pueblo stable Wlldidle- Kosette
.... Burns* Waterhouse Imp. Maxim-Lulu
I Burns*Waterhouse Kinu Thomas-Deception
.... G. Wright iHerald-Ei.eena
....
....
....
....
|....
BECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
(776)
835:
838
(829)
830
.• 824
819
801
830
835
829
815
(831)
837
833
Seaside
Ferns Hartman
Artist I
Philoniena ,
ilmp. Alien I
(laud Hill
Treachery i
i Miss Ross i
Little Jimmie..|
iMorven !
(Model '
Gold Bug !
San Marco
New Moon
Riro
Name.
1 Best |
Lbs record. DIgL
112 1:15 i6 f
100 1:29% 7f
117 1:17 6f
109 l:09V s^f • !
100 no rec !
100 l:02V 2 6 f .
106 1:124 *6f
98 l:16V 2 6f _
1 100 no rec.
114 1:16V 6f
1 109 1:07.% Si^f
114 1:17 6 f
10H 1:15% 6 f
98 1:17% 6 f
114 1:14% 6f
Lbs'
Lbs Tk. Owner.
105 Fa. 'P. Siebenttaaler.....
88 F.. !B. Schreiber |
109 Va. C. Gillman I
1100 Fa. McXauehtfln-Muir. !
I J. McCullough I
90 F... C. E. Murrav
104 V... J. G. Brown <t Co..
1103 F... \V. R. (iriffln
E. C'orrlgan i
104 II..: White & Clarke I
1 05 V... California stable.. . .
106 Fa.'J. Hunter j
97 F... P. Dunne
97 H.. W.D. Randall
95 F...;5. C. Hildreth j
Owner.
jimp. Mariner-Marin
[Imp. Woodlands-Honora
Imp. Darebln-llirondelle
!Hlmyar-Last Ban
iEsterlinjr-Al Meh
Imp. Deceiver-Useful
Hanover-Deceit
Imp. Rosstneton-Vir. Dare
i Longfellow- Rena B
jimp. Chevlor-Lurline
(Imp. Sir MOflred-<rypsy
il'ittsburg-Moliie S
St. Blaise-Hound Dance
iHyder All-Namonia
TH
and an eighth miles: handicap.
Name.
j Bent I
Lbs record. Dlst. '
Lbs Tk. i
Pedigree.
Index.
796
(820)
(814)
(834)
825-
-'Tenacity
Ert Kearney ;
Rev dlßandidos
Yankee Doodle.
Sir Vassar :
85 1:56
114 1:42
1(12 1:55
105 1:49
96 1:29
;lV4»m ' 90 F. . E. Corriean ! Lonfcfellow-Modesty
lm 118 Fa. ii. J5. smith |Tom Uchiltree-Jledusa
lVfe m ! 95 F.. Lone stable Imp. T. Briton-Km. Collier
1 /-Bin 80 F.. Cambridge stable.. Prince Royal-Manzanita
7f 98 F. H. F. Griffin iSir Dlxon-Vassar
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; General Arthur stakes.
' j I Best |
Index. Name. !Lb« record. 1 Dlst. LbsTk.l Owner.
5^7" i ibertine 120 1 :44y 2 1 m i 1 15 H.. J. G. Brown & Co.
(404. Sister Mary 1151U7 1 m ;109-H.. W. B. Sink !
H"O I'sallator 1 J 4 1 :47V 2 1 /-Km 115 Fa. Elmwood stck fm :
<779> Wheel of Fortune 108 1:471/4 11-Mm 112 F... 1. Harvey I
V>o PPiipcr : 108 : 1:49 U-Km 109 F... I'. Dunne
1061:47i/ 2 i/./6m 111 F... Burns .t Watrhse!
f«''7/ Thornhili 101 ! l:l6Vi im7oy 102 Fa. T. Lundy :
} y ~ . ,jii Ye 1001:8854 7f 98 F... : K. Corriean !
Viv BrawScot i 97 1:5534 \l-J6m 10P ft.. H. Schreiber
829 MolMe K ! 8011:08% 6y 2 f 102 F... J. Robbins |
! ! I
Lbs Tk.i
Leonatus-Falalse
limp. Woodlands-Sister
Imp. Brutus-Installation
iGano-Jennie B
H i mloo- Francesca
! Wlldidle-Free Love
Imp. Cheviot- P. Anderson
Apache-Virgie
Imp. Midlothian-H. Scratch
Imp. Manner-Cantenac
FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles: selling: hurdle.
|
Index. :
: .[■■ .Best
L,bs Record
Tk.
810 Arundel ...... l^jno rec. •• ••. :•••
828 Esperance ...... 140|2:49 , lVa m
*10 Alxis - J«a 8:87 * IJ m
810 ne110.... ..'.:.... 125 no rec. ........
524 Harry. Lewis.... 132 no rec.
718 K'ontentrhent... IS-!|..._.. •••
g-/8 Uncertainty.... 13b \
810 NeliieO.. Ifl no rec.
771 Iswiftaure. ...... 1 3a no rec ,
-.-
...J
...:
.....
....
Floodmore stable.. Duke Norfolk-Elaine
K... 1. A. Tobin lAlta-Motber Hubbard
i... Garden City stable. Argyle-Frisa
i). i-'. Johnson Sld-by Reveille
J. Maddox Versal!le«-Cousln Kate
E. Corrigan. Favor-imp. Sally 1 1
jC. E. Murray 'Emperor-Quandary
...|G. B. Morris & Co.. Sampson-Unknown
j |A. H. Small ;Coloma-Laura D
S
....
....
....
....|
SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs.
Index.
; ' Best !
Lbs record. ! Dlst.
LbsTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
Iv'ame.
833 Re<i G1enn......
820 [jORM ......
817 Lobencula.. ....
(404) Smier Mary
799 .Va.ior rook
820 Wyoming.......
i>3» ' Mobalasca. . :'.. .
81:5 JKamsin....
i 98 l:29Vai 7f :
113 \\-Z4.* 6% t
i 981:291/4! 7f
108 1:20% 6V 2 t
95 I :2OV* ■ 6% f
87 1:29 Vl 71 ■
94 1:16V4 «f
| 96 1:27i/i 7.f-
-iW F... Cambridge stable..
!124 H.. A. Shields
117 F... G. B. Morris & Co..
109 F...'W. B. Sink |
98 F... Livingston stable..:
108 F... J. G. Brown
103 F^. E. Corrigan
95 F... L. tzeil
Glen Elm-Red Girl
I Voltiguer-Pert
II ud sou-Zulu
Imp. Woodlands-Sister
Bulwark-sister to Violet
P«rd<?e-Capr)fp
Apache-Tricksey
Blazes-Miss Hail
BJtVENTH BACi
furlonss; gelling.
Index.
833; Cliurro ..........
835 I .I<h- Terry ..... : •
%T1 jZoolem... .......
" 8;- 1 ! KJarc1a.. :........
. l Hcfoaiis ...... .V ;
837 jKdgemount ■
(835),Kowulsky j
831 Isieepißg Child..]
Name.
I,hs record.; Dist. jLbsTk. Owner. Pedigree.
jy<2 i •'• i t). A. Hoftlg Tp. 11l Used-Minnie l'ayne
9S 1-17 Bf 107.H. .|Burns<fc Waterhouae. Flambeau-imp.. Teardrop
107 1-17W *> f 138 H.. iB. Schreiber Zorillii-Fraiilcin
108 l : 4li£ ! 1 m 96 F... A. G. Morris I Wildidle-Mtfhthawk
104 1-19 *>* 97 H.. I C. F. Sanders IPaniquc-IHIa
93 1 -11% ' BVa f 1 102 : Fa. ! 1. one stable I Three Cheers-Etta W
; QSI-15 i 6f 94JF... E. Corrigau IsaacMurpby-Derochment
|l01jl:14 1*6 1 |lOflllT...iw. D. Baudftll Jlp.CHo'tb'iUat-liiJaGoß
i
much the best end of it. George Palmer'
Mount McGregor II and Toano all stepped
over the plate at remunerative odds, but for
the most part were allowed to run loose.
There was a decidedly Arctic tinge to
the air, and the weather prophet pre
dicted either a typhoon or a snowstorm,
but fortunately neither was experienced.
The sport was good and the crowd large,
as usual. Eddie Jones carried off the
riding honors, getting two winners past
the wire in front and once finishing
second.
A coap was tried with Louis Ezell's old
black horse Dungarven in tbe mile and a
sixteenth selling event, but the aged racer
proved unequal to the occasion. Eddie
Jones, on the 6 to 5 favorite, Cabrillo, took
the lead after passing the stand and took
no chances thereafter. He said "adios"
to Cochran on Dungarven at the far turn,
and, gradually opening up a cap of day
light, won by "four lengths in 1 :48 U. The
black horse finished about the same dis
tance in front of Hidago. The latter horse
opened a warm 7 to 5 second choice, but
1 receded to four, the smart ones claiming
that little Slaughter could not do him jus
tice, and he did make a sad mess of it.
The great Crescendo's chestnut sister.
Dolce, made her public debut under very
unfavorable auspices, for she was left at
I the post in the two-year-old race, along
i with Straggler and The Roman. When
i the barrier was raised Geo. Palmer, at 7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1.84*6.
to 1 in the betting, carrying President
SprecKels' red, white and blue colors, soon
parted company with the remaining five
starters, winning easily by a couple of
lengths in 50^ seconds for* the four fur
longs. St. Dunstin, the 7to 5 choice, fin
ished third behind Early Notice. The post
odds against Dolce were 4 to 1.
The unlucky Walter J finally struck a
winning gait and landed the purse in the
second event of the day. a six-furlong run.
He opened an 11 to 5 choice, receding in
the books until it was 13 to 5 against either
Walter or Doubttul. Macklin on the
former had his mount in the lead after a
quarter had been traveled, and he had no
trouble in winning by half a length from
Brametta. All Smoke was third.
The erratic Mt. McGregor II was the
startling surprise in the seven-furlontr
snin. Going to the post 12 to 1. Jones had
the big colt in front, almost from the jump
and he won romping in 1:28}4, with Babe
Murphy and Mobalasca, each at 6 to 5 in
the ring, trailing in behind in the order
named.
Sam Hildreth's chestnut gelding Wil
liam Pinkerton, was an even money
chance for the fifth event over six furlongs,
and leading the entire distance, passed the
judges an easy winner by a length from
Judge Dennv. Sam Leake, the7tossecond
choice, ran disappointingly.
The betting on the concluding race of
the card was very open, there being no
very pronounced choice. When the horses
were called, Tim Murphy was first in de
mand at threes, with Service, Shieldbearer
and Sir Richard fancied in the order
named. Practically friendless, with 15 tol
about him, old Toano headed Shieldbearer
at the end of a quarter and came in a
shifty winner, a scant length before Serv
ice. Tim Murphy was unplaced, Shield
bearer finishing in the show.
Track and Paddock Items.
The card for this afternoon is a grand
one, seven well-filled events being down
for decision. The feature of the day's
sport is the General Arthur cigar stake,
at one mile and a sixteenth, with one of
the greatest fields that has yet faced the
starter at the meeting. Among the prob
able starters ia the crack Libertine, asked
to carry top weisrht— l2o pounds. With
Sister Mary, Installator, Wheel of Fortune
and Pepper also in, a new track record
sh ould come very near being hung up.
W. L. fetanfield's consistent gelding
George Miller has placed so many races to
his credit that many racegoers have a cu
riosity to see the "Kansas City Hindoo
s>how"his caliber in company with some of
the "best of 'em." He will be piven an
opportunity on the coming "ladies' day"
at lngleside.
The management has arranged a special
race at hve and a half furlongs, for a $1000
purse, weights to be 10 pounds below the
scale. The starters with their weights will
be: George Miller 110, Libertine 113, Belli
coso 109, Magnet 109 and Yankee Doodle
97. This event will excite more interest
than any that has yet been given since the
advent of the Eastern division.
Dick Ledgett did some great "rooting"
for Walter J when that cult was leading
his field to the wire in the second race.
Dick owns imp. True Biiton, sire of the
youngster, and is very proud of the black
horse's record as a getter of winners.
George Barren, the wealthy young turf
man, has booked six of his fnares to be
bred to Ledgett's horse. Following is the
list: Lottie L, Carasade, Monday mare,
Fabiola; mare by Kingston and a mare by
Judge McKinstry-Ursula.
Sir Reel refused to break when the bar
rier was rained, and the stewards decided
to refuse his entry in the future.
PARDONED, BUT DYING.
William Mugarrieta Has Only Kscaped
San Quentin to End His Life
at Home.
There was a sad scene at the Sausalito
ferries yesterday when the steamer that
connects with the San Quentin train
arrived. A convict who had been pardoned
by the Governor was on his way home to
die. J"u?t as he was being welcomed by
his mother and sisters, a violent nt of
coughing seized him, and a few minutes
later blood was flowing from his mouth.
A violent hemorrhage followed, and for a
time it seemed as though he would die on
the wharf. The police ambulance was
summoned, but by the time it reached the
ferries, the man had partially recovered
and was driven home in a hack which his
relatives had in readiness.
The unfortunate man is William Mugar
rieta. and he was sent to San (^uentin in
February. 1895, for robbery. Even at that
time he was in very delicate state of health
and hiQ attorney made a strong plea on his
behalf. The Judge was inexorable, how
ever, and gave him the full sentence.
Ever since his relatives have been trying
to get his term commuted. Governor
Budd would not acquiesce until last
Wednesday, when the prisoner had two
hemorrhages. Warden Hale telegraphed
the Governor that the man was dying and
recommended his pardon. The Governor
at once acted on the suggestion, and Mu
garrieta was set free.
HYACINTHS AND VIOLETS
California State Floral Society
Holds a Successful Ex
hibition.
Exquisite Display of Bulbous Plants,
Roses, Tulips and Wild
Flowers.
The California State Floral Society held
a very successful meeting yesterday at the
maple-room annex of the Falace Hotel.
The display of flowers was varied and
beautiful. Violets of gigantic size and deli
cate perfume were moat in evidence, al
though the tall stems and white blossoms
of the narcissus, togetner with multi-col
ored roses, tulips, wild flowers and quanti
ties of bulbous plants, did much to com
plete the excellence of the exhibit.
An entertaining paper on the iris was
read by Mrs. 8. L. Walker.
"The Iris Germanica," said she, "should
be in every garden— it is exceedingly beau
tiful and easy blooming. Buddhist.priests
take a lively interest in the plant, and the
Buddhist shrines are largely decorated with
the iris. It should be sown early in the
spring and will «row well in any rich soil."
The treasurer was instructed to hereafter
pay the premiums as soon as awarded, in
stead of waiting until the awards are ap
proved by the board of directors.
The advisability of introducing at the
next spring exhibition the featurs of prac
tical demonstrators in the cultivation of
plants was discussed. This will be for the
benefit of amateurs, and the work of trans
ferring planty, budding and grafting will
be carried on by competent persons.
The society has in progress a grand
azalea show at the nurseries, at Lombard
and Baker streets. The display of azaleas
is said to be particularly tine.
The thirteenth semi-annual exhibition
or spring exhibition will be held at the
Palace for three days, commencing April
30. The entire east side of the hotel, which
includes the ladies' reception-rooms and
Marble and Maple halis, will.be devoted to
the exhibit.
The exhibits yesterday were: Native
bulbs, twenty varieties, by Carl Purely,
Ukiah; Golden Gate violet, Professor
Emory E. Smith ; new extraordinary varie
ties of violets. Duchess of Marlborough and
Princess of Penoea, grown by De La Koche.
The following premiums were awarded:
For the new collection of violets, to Mrs.
G. C. Boss of Belmont. For the best col
lection of bulbous cut flowers, Mrs. E.
Lewelling of ban Lorenzo.
A Coventry firm is executing an order
for 150 bicycles for the use of officers of
the Salvation Army.
REV. MONSIGNOR NUGENT
The Liverpool Divine Will Ar
rive in This City Next
Week.
WORKS FOB HOMELESS BOTS.
How He Organized the Yonth of Eng
land Into Great Temperance
Bands.
Very Rev. Monsignor Nugent of Liver
pool, England, is coming to San Francisco.
He is now at LO3 Angeles. There is a
probability that he will accompany the
Archbishop on tho return of the prelate
from the south the latter part of next
week.
The Monsignor will stay in San Francisco
for a week or more. He will be the guest
of the Archbishop while here. The Mon
signor is well known as a lecturer and
writer. He is the editor of the Liver
pool Catholic Times, which is said to have
the largest circulation and to be the roost
influential Catholic publication in the Eng
lish-speaking world.
Monsignor N agent is a canon of the ca
thedral of Liverpool. He has always been
prominent in rescue work and social re
form in that city. He invested several
thousand pounds of his personal estate in
founding and maintaining a home for
newsboys.
He is regarded as one of the pillars of
the diocese ot Liverpool and was a great
favorite with the late Bishop of Liverpool.
He is idolized by the people and a great
favorite with all classes by reason of his
broad and tolerant religious views.
Though advanced in years he is exceed
ingly active and his mental faculties are
unimpaired. In personal relations with
all he is simplicity and directness personi
fied. He has always been very charitable,
but is recognized as an able financier. None
of his charitable enterprises has been
known to fall through by reason of poor
management.
Monsignor Nugent is perhaps the best
known and most popular man in Liverpool
of Irish ancestry; he is a great favorite
with the sons of Erin who form so consid
erable a proportion of the city's popula
tion, while Englishmen, whether Catholic
or Protestant, look upon him with much
favor. His charities, so wise in their ad
ministration and so tar-reaching in their
results, have endeared him to the hearts
of all. He was the first to establish the
League of the Cross in England. This
organization has enjoyed a wonderful
growth in that country, and has spread to
America, where numerous bauds of young
temperance workers are springing up. It
is after the English organization that the
League of the Cross in San Francisco was
planned.
Monsignor Nugent will doubtless receive
a warm reception from the Irish and
Catholic people of San Francisco. Already
the officers of the League of the Cross are
considering arrangements for his re
ception.
IN THE QUIET SEASON.
Elaborate Preparations for the
Verein Bal Poudre This
Evening.
Home Lnncheon— Ehrman Tea—Hell
man Dinner in Honor of Messrs.
Lazard.
Most elaborate preparations have been
made for the bal pouare to be given this
evening by the members of tne verein at
their elegant clubrooms on Post street.
The gentlemen of this fashionable club,
with customary gallantry and a deference
to the leap year, have placed the entire
affair in the hands of the ladies.
The committee who have the entertain
ment in charge consists of Mrs. Moses
Heller, Mrs. Alfred Greenebaum, Mrs.
Feuchtwanger, Mrs. S. Rosenbaum, Mrs,
Marcus Gerstle, Mrs. S. Ehrman, Mrs. M.
Ehrman, Mrs. A. Mack and Mrs. Walter
Castle.
It is the boast of these ladies that in no
way has the aid of man been solicited, and
that the living pictures, pantomime per
formances and dances that will constitute
part of the evening's programme, are
original, and have been eutirely managed
by them.
On Tuesday evening Mrs. J. H. Jewett
entertained a'limited number of friends at
a card party at her residence, corner of
Bush and Jones streets. Every entertain
ment over which Mrs. Jewett presides, elabor
ate or simple, is always characterized by some
original and delightful novelty. The card
party was no exception to the accepted rule,
and a delightful evening was spent by all.
Mrs. E. S. Howe and her daughter, Mrs. A. G.
Elliot, gave a delightful luncheon last Satur
day. Among the guests were: Mrs. William
Hume, Mrs. George B. Tlngley, Mrs. Franke
Elliott, Mrs. Thomas B. Ludlum, Mrs. M. A.
Morrison, Mrs. M. V. Tingley Lawrence, Mrs.
L. W. Hudson, Mrs. Francis Cuttiner, Mrs.
Theo. Smith, Mrs. George Elliott, Mrs. S. Elliott,
Mrs. Edward Mills, Mrs. M. D. Jonus, Mrs. S. C.
Walker, Mrs. Mary Howe, Mrs. Charles Spauld
ing, Misses Marion Hudson, Edith Elliott,
Zunella Elliott, Mary Young, Gussie Weeks,
Alice Ludlum, Mary Elliott, Emma Elliott,
Fannie McClure, Susie McClure.
On Thursday at ternoon at her residence on
Van Ness avenue Mrs. S. Ehrman gave a de
lightful tea complimentary to the Misses Hat
tie and Carrie Sachs, who leave to-day, accom
panied by their mother, Mrs. M. Sachs, for an
extended European vlsi t. It was a young girls'
tea and the decorations and refreshments were
in keeping with the event. The hours were
from 4 to ti o'clock and the guests were limited
to forty. Mrs. Ehrman received her guests, as
sisted by the Misses Hattie and Carrie Sachs,
Miss Carrie Schweitzer, Miss Helen Schweitzer
and Miss Jennie Schwabacher.
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellmati gave an elaborate
dinner *t their residence on Franklin street
last evening complimentary to Messrs. Lazard,
the Paris bankers, who are visiting here en
route to a tour around the world.
Hothouse blooms decorated the table and an
elaborate menu was discussed. Covers were
laid for eighteen.
There was a large and fashionable assem
blage at Odd Fellows' Hall last evening to at
tend the regular monthly entertainment and
dance given by that popular club, The Native
Sons of Vermont.
The programme, literary and musical, at
these affairs is always of a high degree of ex
cellence, but last evening's entertainment by
far surpassed any given by this organization
this season.
After un orchestral overture Alfred G. Sanders
gave with delicious effect the humorous recita
tion "How Kuby Played." Monroe N. Callen
der followed with a cornet solo, after which
Miss Ida Valerga .-aiijj with exquisite taste the
celebrated cavatina from "Rooert la Diable."
The selections by the Press Club male quartet
were received with enthusiasm, as was also
Mrs. Inez Sexton Hutton's song, "Forbidden
Music."
"Six Months Ago," a charming comedietta,
with Harry E. de Lasaux, Thomas Irwiu and
Miss Minnie Perry in the cast, concluded the
evening's programme, after which the floor
was cleared for dancing. The officers of the
Pacific Coast Association Native Sons of Ver
mont are: President, F. Dellingham; secre
tary, S. G. Cheever; treasurer, R. A. Jewell;
vice-presidents— George Partridge, Hon. R. B.
Carpenter and Dr. J. Towusend.
Rear-Admiral Beardslee and party are en
joying the perfect days of March at Coronado
by driving through the olive orchards and
orange groves that border San Dtego Bay.
Many social courtesies of a pleasing nature
have been extended during their stay, and
many return courtesies have been shown by
the naval officers who are quartered there. On
Monday the compliment of the marine band
from the flagship Philadelphia was tendered,
and a delightful hour's concert was given un
der the palm trees upon the grand front of Ho
tel del Corouado. The verandas and balconies
were filled with gay life, and many pictur
esque little groups were formed under neigh
boring palm trees.
Mrs. Daniel E. Hayes and daughters, the
Misses Hayes, have closed a delightful season
at Coronado, which extended through many
weeks, and have returned to San Francisco.
Mrs. H. D. Underwood of Mare Island, with
her child and maid, is at Coronado and Is en
joying the social life and glorious weather.
A large number of San Franciscans were
down to witness the water carnival on San
Diego Bay and several are tarrying yet to taste
the round of novel sports provided for the
week.
Among those of note who have arrived at
Coronado recently are: Mr. and Mrs. F. Till
man Jr., F. B. Grimaldi, Mr. and Mrs. G. \V.
Frink. Mrs. J. B. Brockenbrough, Mr. and Mrs.
C. E. Hamilton, E. H. Rhodes, E.G. Denneston,
O. B. Culver, G. M. Balthayer, San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. Edward H. Kittredge, Oaidand;
Miss Mary R. Jacobs, Monterey; Mrs. J. Fa
netta, Misses Fanetta. San Rafael.
The weddiug of Miss Pauline Levy and Mr.
Frank Jacobs will be celebrated Sunday, March
22, at high noon at the residence of the bride's
parents, 920 O'Farrell street. Invitations have
been issued to relatives only.
ATTACHED HILL'S REALTY
The Mining Man Sued on
Heavy Promissory
Notes.
Stock Speculations Get Him Into
Financial Straits— Heavily
Mortgaged.
Sheriff Whelan took formal possession
of sixteen pieces of property belonging to
John T. Hill, the millionaire minintr man
who kept a record of his periods of hilarity
in a "jag book," yesterday on attachments
issued in a suit begun by Charles P. Har
ris, the Pine-street stockbroker.
This property consists of business blocks
on Battery, Sansome, Broadway and other
downtown streets and is said to be worth
|500,000. Several years ago Hill, who is
now president of the Benton Consolidated
Mining Company, was one of the heaviest
operators on Pine street and carried heavy
blocks of stock in many then prominent
mines. Through his speculating he be
came indebted to Harris to the extent of
several thousand dollars, the latter carry
ing him at times when funds for margins
were not readily available. About a year
ago Harris asked for a settlement, but as
the mining man was not in funds at the
time he persuaded Harris to take notes to
the extent of over $18,000 at 7 per cent in
terest.
One of these notes, amounting to $1000,
fell due in August last, and a suit on it is
still pending. Day before yesterday notes
for $83S8 became due, and as the coin was
not forthcoming suit was begun.
Hill is said to be heavily involved and
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
holds mortgages, executed in 1894, on his
real estate to the extent of $250,000, nearly
all of which has been invested in mining
ventures.
Attorney George W. Fehell, -who repre
sents Harris in the litigation, said last
evening that while the mortgage held by
the Hibernia Bank was a heavy one, there
was little doubt that the property was
worth far more than the obligation, and
that the notes would be satisfied before the
attachments were released. Harris also
holds other notes against Hill to the ex
tent of $8500.
TRUNK LINE IN CHINA.
Colonel Jefferds Proposes to Build a
Koad 1400 Miles Long From
Peking; to Canton.
Colonel M. R. Jefferds of New York, who
has been six months in China in reference
to the building of a grand trunk, north
and south railroad, is at the Palace. The
road is to be 1400 miies long and extend
from Peking to Hankow, and thence to
Canton.
Colonel Jefferds claims to have raised
10,000,000 taels in support of the road al
ready. He says, however, that the Chi
nese, as yet having had no experience
with railroads, are not fully assured that
railways are beneficial to the country.
They have suggested that he see the Chi
nese merchants here, and if they are will
ing to commend the road and aid it in
every way they can, they will come to the
front and subscribe more. A tael is $1 35,
Mexican money.
Through Prince Kung. Superintendent
of Military Affairs, and Prince Ch'ng, the
assistant, representing the Emperor of
China, Colonel Jefferds received a docu
ment somewhat in the nature of a conces
sion, and authorizing him to go ahead
with his enterprise. The cost of the road
is estimated to be 40,000 taels a mile.
However, only the section from Peking
to Hankow, a distance of 750 miles, is to be
at first considered. The capital stock is to
consist of 100,000 shares of 100 taels each.
Colonel Jefferds, after being here a week,
will go to New York and Londen in the
interest of his enterprise. A large portion
of the route proposed is over almost level
plains.
Baldwin Theater.
It Is announced that in consequence of the
success of "A Milk White Flag" at the Baldwin
Theater, a performance will be given every
Sunday night during the run of the piece.
Loss of Blood and Dropsy
From the Nug?et, Chehalis, Wash.
The neighbors called her a walking corpse.
For fifteen years she had suffered from loss of
blood and dropsy. She had not the strength to
standalone. She had spent thousands of dol
lars with the doctors and had been unable to
find relief. Her case was considered hopeless.
That is the experience of Mrs. C. Reed, a well
known lady of Chehalis, Wash.
A Nugget reporter called upon her at her
home last Tuesday. She was willing to be in
terviewed, she said, if sbe could be the means
of pointing out to other unfortunates the way
to recovery and good health.
"It has been over fifteen years since the
malady asserted itself." said Mrs. Reed. "Since
then, until within the last few months, I never
knew what it was to be well for a single day. I
could not sleep. My appetite went away and I
began to lose flesh. This continued
for years. I became so weak I could
not wait upon myself. I had to have
the help of others to dress und undress, even
to walk from one room to another. I lost all
my strength. In addition I had dropsy of the
blood. My limbs were swollen and nothing I
could do seemed to afford me relief. The doc
tdrs said I must take iron to strengthen and
invigorate my blood. I took iron— took it by
the t»ottle and by the box ; took it morning,
noon and night; but it did no good and I had
finally lost all hope.
"At last I saw an account of Dr. Williams'
Pink rills for Pale People. I thought this
fitted my case exactly and I tried to get some
of the pills. They were not kept at the drug
stores here and I had to send to Olympia.
They came finally, however. I began to take
them and experienced relief immediately.
I sent for two more boxes to the Dr. Williams'
Company at Schenectady, N. V., and by the
time I had taken them I felt like a new woman.
I have been taking them occasionally since
then.
"It was two years ago that I began to use
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I was sixty years
of age th.en and had not been able to do my
housework for many years. Now lam able
to care for myself, to do my own work, and 1
can waik lone distances without being espe
cially fatiguea.
"I think my cure is a marvelous one and is
due entirely to the Pink Pills for Pale People.
Without them I fear I should have been dead
before now.
"Since my cure has become known the drug
gists here nave always kept the pills, and I
do not have to send away for them any more.
1 have recommended them to several of my
neighbors, and I know that they have done
much good in more than one case similar to
my own."
In order to confirm this statement beyond all
doubt Mrs. Reed offered to make affidavit to
Its trutn and the affidavit is here presented:
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of May, 1895.
J. M. Kepner, Notary Public.
Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills contain all the ele
ments to give new life and richness to the
blood and restore shattered nerves. They are
for sale by all druggists, or may be had by
mail irom Dr. Williams' Medicine Company.
Schenectady, N. V., for 50c per box or six
, -boxes fox $2 50.
DELTA-UPSILON SOCIETY
Stanford and Berkeley Students Organize
Chapters and Banquet at the
California Hotel.
There was an enthusiastic gathering of
students of Berkeley and Stanford uni
versities last night at the California Hotel,
the occasion being the formation of two
chapters of the non-secret college society,
Delta Upsilon. The society hitherto has
had no members on the Pacific Coast, and
the proceedings marl#ed an event.
The Rev. Thornton B. Penfield of New
York, a representative of the executive
committee of the National Council of the
fraternity, was present to initiate the
•members of the two chapters.
President Jordan of Stanford was also
present to help the young men out in any
way he could. There were grave speeches
and college songs, and when this part of
the programme had been completed
twenty-three Berkeley and twenty-one
Stanford students had been initiated.
Then everybody adjourned to the banquet
hall. There a great spread ha-.l been pre
pared. The blue and gold colors of the
college students were displayed in the
violets and poppies which formed a large
Dart of the decorations.
It had been arranged for President Jor
dan to act as toastmaster, and his speech
setting forth the good points of the Delta
Upsilons was greeted with enthusiastic
cheers. The following were the toasts:
"The Executive Council," Thornton B.
Penfield. Columbia, '90; -'The University
of California," Professor A. F. Lange,
Michigan, '85; "Stanford University,"
Professor W. R. Dudley, Cornell, '74;
'•The Stanford Chapter," Benjamin F.
Bledsoe, '96; "The California Chapter,"
R. C. Wyckoff, '97; "West to East," Dr.
S. B. florae, Colby, 'bl; "The Coast
Alumni," Professor G. B. McChesney,
Union, '57.
There was an abundance of music dur
ing the evening. Among noted names of
members are the following: James A.
Gartield, Rev. Redtield Proctor, Stephen
J. Field, David Starr Jordan, Attorney-
General Miller, J. B. McChesney of Oak
land, Dan Lamont and President E. Benja
min Andrews of Brown University.
There are 31 chapters and 7000 members
in the United States.
Jabez Swan's Alimony.
Jabez Swan was in court yesterday to have
the amount of alimony which he nas to pay
his divorced wife reduced. He said he had
sold out his business;, and that he was doing
nothing, but anyway he would pay his divorced
wife $20 a week. He was formerly ordered to
pay her $50 a week. The case was taken under
advisement.
NEW TO-pAT.
*£ <& Do I smoke
"MANTELLS"?*
Betcherlife! Nothin f
too good for me! <£ <£
10c— worth two-bits.' Colmirr dealers not yet
supplied can have them; shipped on approval-
return at our expense. - .
THE WKRTHKIMER CO., S. F.
. "' RAILROAD TRAVEL
RIG REDUCTION E RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTLANT), OR.
SATURDAY ..MARCH 14,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8, P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
. ! of Market st., at 8:00 p. m.
Ar ft ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
wOiUII deeper. ;".>
, • ....ALSO.... -:^\':*
First-class tickets,- including berth In "1 A. 09
Pullman Standard Sleeper, *jp ' ' ' .
SPECIAL NOTICE. J>; :
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets to
sold or baggage checked to such points.
JBS" Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Seduced Kates.
For further Information apply at • ■ ■■ •':.'".
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel .
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T.H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Trallio Mgr. " . ■ Gen. Pass. Agt
SAN & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San. Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:39
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m. ■■ ■■
SDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80. 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
' ' San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6.25, 7:55. 9:30, 11:10 a. M.;
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY 8-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M-; 1:40, 3:4%
6:00,6:25 p.m. ; ; ;
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
■ schedule as above. ' ■ .
Leave ; Tl - rt ' Arrive ■•..
San Francisco. O ct! 28. ', Ban Francisco. .
WBKK I SUN- De«?nation SUJI- ; I WXBK "
; Days. I hays, destination. . days. | Days.
7:40 am| 8:00 am! Novato, 10 :40 am| 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 PM 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm I 8:15 pm
■ ■/-■ ■ ::-■■ ■ • ■■. ; Fulton, ■■.■'.■ - •.-■■•■ ■. .::
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
. :•■:>. • • '<■'■ ■■-'■ Geyserville, • • ' > ;
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~ i Heta, . .
I Hoplancl & ' ' :
7:40 am 8:00 am| Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:16
7 am! ■ - 10:30 am
' . 1 8:00 am Querneville. 7:30
8:30 pmJ . • j ..'■■:■ ':"-..■:■": 6:15
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:60 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
a: .:. . ■■■ j ■-.--. - I Glen Ellen. ;•; -\, '-::'. j .
7 :40 AM 1 8 :00 am j SphMf ono , 110:40 am 'lo:3o am
8:30 pm|6:oo pm : oebastopoi. | . 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bo! in as. • ■ . /
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland ; Springs,
lOlseyville, Lakeport. ■. - v
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, ' Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport, ;
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureica. ' "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
- On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building. :
H. 0. WHITING. • R. X. RYAN, <
Gen. Manager. - Pen. Pass. Agent.
SOOTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
;„ ... (Via Sausallto Ferry), •
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 9*16, 11:00
A. M.: 1:45, 3:45. 6:15. 6::'O p. m. ■
Ban Quentin— 7 :3o, 9 :15 A. M. : 1 : 15, 5 : 1 5 p. m.
Extra trips for San Ratael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
:'*■>= ■-— ■ -■■■ '■■■:■: ■:■- SUNDAYS. ;/ > ' "'r'^. \ : - '■.■',.■
For Mill Valley, San ■ Rafael ■ and ■ San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a.m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, *6:19
:p. M. •AWes not run to San Quentin. " -
; * v; • ; ; , THROUGH. TRAINS. v .
T:SO a. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— and way stations. :
•:00 a. m, Sundays-rolai Royei ana w*7it«UtßA '
inrg to-pat. '.'■■:-_
v / . . V* I (jo^o \ \
*^w- r,..- o[o ;■■ /' II
IB ° °"lClr^
i\\\(ik Jiff
Just alive with good things on
a Saturday.
Every counter on our big sec-
ond floor teems with special ad-
vantages to parents that have
little folks to clothe.
otto
Some very swell Reefer Suits
to-day in all new spring colorings,
Deep, drooping sailor collar, pret-
tily braided, sizes 3 to 10 years.
On Saturday, not after, at
--$1.75.—
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13/ ;15 Kearny Street
■ RAILROAD TRAVEL;
moxrrummn pacific cobopajtst.
(PACIFIC (SYSTEM.* « *
TritlM I«ST« nntl arc illl« lo nrrl at
MAN niA.NC IS« O.
HAW — Fl'.OM KOVEMBER 20, 1895. — AltltlV
Haywurds, Nilcs and Way Stations.. 10: 1
7:09a Atlantic Iliprcss, Ugden and Kast.. 8:43»
7xooa Benicia, Vacaville. Eumgey. Sacra- ■
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:13p
7:30a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, CalU- . '
. toga and Santa lit,; •. 6:13*
9: A Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Jlftrysville, Red Bluff • -
and Sundays Orovillc.... . 4:l»p
•8:39a Peters and Mi1t0n.....:....;.......- *T:1»p
9:OOa Han Leandro, Hay words S. Way St'ns - 11:45a
•:OWa Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Ycsaoltc), Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles 4:43p
9:90a Martinrji and Stockton 19>43a
1<):OOa San Leandro, Haywcrda and Kiles . 1:45p
12t00M8anLeacdro.IIaywarda4Vir'£ySt'ns 2:45?
■ 1 :()»!■ Niles, Ba:iJr -so and Livermore S:4Sa
v 1:00p Sacramento Kiver BtFHincrs *O:O9»
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations.. ...... t~:43p
?:OOp SaaLeandro, Ilaywards & Way St'ns ■ 5:45»
4 : OOp San Leandro, Hay wards & Way St'ns Bi43p .
«:VWl' Martinez, '■ Han llamon. • Vallcjo, j .
Naps, Calistofa, El Verano and
BantaHosa... 9il»a
«:••* Benieia, Esparto, Woodland, - •
A Kuigbts Landing, ; Marysrille,
OroTille and Sacramento . . . . . I»i4B*
4tMp Nllrs. San Josq, LiTermoro and
Stockton 7i15»
B:A9p San Leindrc, llaywards& Way St'ns 8:49*
Bt2Or New Orleans Kxi>r<-n3.l'resiio.Bakere- .- :
field. Santa ll.ir'nura.l.dS Angeles.
Demlnj;, El Paso, If aw Orleans and ' ■ ■"-
East :i9t4SA
8:30r Santa Fo Iloute, Atlantic Express
-'■' for Mojave and East....; 10:43a
8:00p Kiuropcan Mail, Ogden nnd Bast.... . 9:4.1a
6jO«J?!lnywarils, Nilvsand Kan J050.:.'... 7:4Sa
)7t9Op Valle]o t~:4a»
7zoop Oregon Express, Sacramento, 2U»rjs- .
ville, Kedding, Portland, Pnget
Sound and Kast 1 0:4
7:O«p San Leandro, Haywardst Way St'r.s 1 0:39p
9:00p San Leandro, Hay wardst Way Stns ttl2:9«A
•^•iMr "Sunset Limited," Fresno,' Los '
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans '■
and Cast in«43»
fflltlßrßan Leandro, Haywnrda& Way Sfna • ?»1»A
j BAITTA rnCZ DIVISION (Snrron- flange). "
Sil » A Newark. C'ciitfiTill(\H»ii.lu»o.Foltoii,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .:..;.;... .:;:...'.. ..V BiM|
•Stlßp Newark, OentcniUe,' San Jose, New : ;;., •
Alinaden,' Fcltoii, Boulder Cr.'ck, ■ : . ..
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...... 1:110a
i ■ 4ilsp Newark. .San <l<>sa and l.os !■..■■ . . . 9:39a
1 tlli43p Hunters' K?c-.trsion Ban Joel- and '
Way Stations t7iS9r
COAST VISION (Third X Tounsctiil Sis.)
9:43a San Jo?o and Way Htativms (Mew '
- Almaden Wednesdays only) l:4s>
Slid A San Jose, Trrs Finos, Balm Cruz, -
,:■?,- Pacilic Grore. Paso Roblrr, Sau , .
Luis Oliispo, Gcadalupe and Prin-
, • cipftl Way Stations 7:93»
' 19:49a Ban Josnaml W«y HUti0n5......... 5:«0p
11:43a Palo Alto and Way Stations Js:39l
■ *2:30p San .lose. Cilrny. Tres Pinos, Kauta
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey nnd PaciUc
s Cimvo ..................;.......:.. # IO:40*
•3:30p San Joso Rndl*rincipal Way Stations »:47a
•4:30i« San Jose ami Way Stations ' ••*:O0»
3:30p San Joso and Way Stations./....... *»:4Sa
6::iOi> San Jose and Way Htatioiiß......... r»:n.iA
«11:43p San Jose mid Way 5tati0n5......... +7:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr#m Sll mtiC!SCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— .
•7:« 9:00 ]1:00a.m. tl:OQ »2:09 13:01
•1:00 . 1 5:00 T ■ »6:00 P.W. : .
/rtmOllLiXD— Foot of Broadwsj.— *6:00 8:0i
10:00a.m. J12:30 *l:00 $3:00 *3:CO }i.38
*3:00r.M. .■■-.■' ■ •■'- . -. -. -
A for Morning. for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted ♦ Saturdays only.
! Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nigfcts only. '
and Saturdays . • Sundays and Tburadajft
Atlantic
Pacific
RAILROAD Ww^^yß^B
Trains leave from and aurriva ifi^^^^F^UßjK
•x ilarkei-Street Parry. <fsB«SSpV»TE!I
SANTA PE EXPRBSS
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Line
teares .very day at 3:30 r. -•■ ca "^ n f.
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to a g
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ioS
Denver and St. Louis. . . '.»it»-i*i2r*
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
% Solid Vestibule Train Dally, j with Diningcaf* ■
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. U. «d 3:30. . m. daily.
< The best raUway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust; Interesting scenery!
; and go* meal* In Harvey's dining-room or dlnisr
"***" 1 lokek Ofllo9-644 Market Street,
I ■-■■■..- Ghraalpic »*lldAa«a_
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE, j
Editor and Proprietor. ;
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
r«!lv and Sunday Call, one week,bycarrler..so.ls
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 8.00
Tally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail. ••••• 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street, > ,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street, j
Telephone Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay; . open until
1:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 l.arkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc>W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
QDtll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. •
118 Mot a street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE :
{Mini 81 and. 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY..... MARCH 14, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Republican harmony is assured.
The Democratic rumpus has the floor.
So long as there is no deficit in the duck
shooting G rover doesn't worry.
They have more weather in the East
than we do, but we have the best of it.
The Brown case is ended and there is a
breath of relief in every breeze that blows.
Russia has not put her foot into Africa,
but it is by no means certain she has not
had a hand in it.
Bayard has been shooting off his mouth
again, but this tiuie he wasn't loaded and
nothing was hurt.
Campbell of Ohio says he won't run. and
thus does another Democratic possibility
go rolling off the log.
It is now said the British Blue Book on
Venezuela is full of garbled statements,
and the expected has happened.
As KingMenelek is said to be advancing
slowly, the Italian have a chance to get
peace with honor by beating him in afoot
race.
The Senate is so accustomed to postpon
ing things that even a motion to delay is
nearly always laid over for further consid
eration.
The anti-option bill, of which 90 much
was expected, has gone to pot. The House
Committee on Agriculture dropped it in
the i=oup.
The wisest thing the Democratic party
can dcrts to follow its great leader and go
duck-shooting and fishing for the rest of
the year.
The report that Cleveland objects to mid
dle-aged women riding the bicycle was
undoubtedly started by some one who
wishes to boom the custom.
A mid the noises of the time it is worth
noting that Carlisle has relapsed into si
lence and quit guessing when the revenues
will begin to yield a surplus.
The withdrawals of gold from the treas
ury have now run up to about $150,000 a
day, and it won't be longbefore the reserve
is down to the danger point again.
Huntington's statement that seven
eightbs of the press of California favor the
funaing bill is a final and conclusive proof
that the old mans memory is completely
gone.
In saying "The Republican party is the
protective tariff" Mr. Clarkson has ex
pressed a whole platform in a phrase terse
enough to serve as a motto for a campaign
banner.
From the rapidity w^th which the gar
ment-makers' strike is spreading in the
East, it is probable clothing will be so short
this year that everybody will have to wear
knee-breeches.
By the steady process of declining, one
after another, the Democratic leaders
are forcing the party into a position where
it must either renominate Cleveland or go
out of business.
It won't take more than a hurried sur
vey of the situation for the Democratic
State Committee to find out what kind of
a time the Buckley parrot and the Kainey
monkey have been having here.
The bill providing for the establishment
of a naval station at Goat Island has been
reported favorably to the Senate, and from
tbe way things are moving we may see the
new station before we see the new post
office.
From the frequency with which Senator
Hill appears as a defender of the admin
istration, there seems to be something more
than a possibility that he may yet show up
as the administration candid ate for the
Presidency.
Between popular sympathy with the
cause of Cuban independence and patri
otic indignation at the insults to America
committed in Spain, Cleveland has a
Bplendid opportunity to make another
grand-stand play.
The Senate has passed a bill creating a
body to be known as "The Art Commission
of the United States," and while such a
commission mieht promote our art the
chances are it will simply sit down on it
and draw a salary.
Senator Sherman's heated question, "If
there is no state of war in Cuba, where in
the name of hell does war exist?" may not
have been expressed in what Senator Hoar
regards as the proper way, but it was perti
nent to the occasion.
It now appears that the protest of
Havana merchants against the action of
Congress was obtained by forcing most of
the signatures', and it therefore stands as
a protest against Spanish methods rather
than against this country.
General Weyler is something of a politi
cal boss as well as a butcher. lie is said
to have put up all the tickets to be voted for
in the coming election in Havana, and,
besides, will appoint the men who are to
count the vote. He has a sure thing.
Tho proposal to put upon the angel of
the City Hall a set of movable wings at
tached to gearing, so that when the wind
hlew thny would generate electricity, has
the merit of novelty and utility, but it
would never do to let the idea get abroad
that the tutelary angel of our City is a
windaaiJJ.
REPUBLICAN PLATFORMS.
The Examiner of yesterday, in entertain
ing its readers with criticisms on the plat
forms adopted by the Republicans of lowa
and Ohio, declared the utterances of the
first to be vague on the tariff and those of
the second to be vague on the currency
issue. The lowa idea on the tariff, it
thought, would suit Democrats as well as
Republicans, while the Ohio idea ou the
money question, it declared, would suit
nobody at all. From the judgment thus
pronounced it drewno conclusion in ex
press terms, but evidently intended the
reader to infer that Democrats have a
lighting chance against Republicans this
year, and that to find exercise for their
energies are not of necessity compelled to
resort to fighting one another.
The hope which our contemporary has
thus held out to the warring factions of
the party whose State committee meets to
day has, however, no foundation to rest
upon. The lowa platform on the tariff is
an indorsement of the record of Senator
Allison on the subject, and there is no
vagueness in that record. He has taken
part in the making of three tariffs for this
country, and in every one of them his
handiwork has been shown in the upbuild
ing of protection in the broadest and full
est sense. He was also the man who
brought about in the Senate the adoption
of Blame's great plan of reciprocity in con
nection with the McKinley tariff. His
record, therefore, includes protection and
reciprocity, and is as definite, distinct,
clear and luminous as that of any states
man who ever served the American peo
ple in the halls of Congress.
Equally unfounded is the charge of
vagueness made against tlie Ohio declara
tion on the currency question and most
futile is the assertion that it will please
nobody. The declaration is the same that
has been made by the Republican party
on the subject since the controversy be
gan, and is the one which the people have
repeatedly indorsed by overwhelming ma
jorities. The essential part of it is em
bodied in the phrase "We favor bimetal
lism and demand the use of both gold and
silver as standard money." On that plat
form in Ohio McKinley was raised to of
fice and Bushell after him, by majorities
so large that Democracy was well nigh
swept from the State, nor can there be any
question that the people of the Union, as a
whole, will give an equally strong support
to whatever Presidential candidate stands
on that platform in the coming campaign.
On the same day the Republican coaven
tions were held in lowa and Ohio there
was a Democratic convention in Rhode
Island. The Examiner would do well to
study the declarations made by that con
vention before it again undertakes to criti
cize Republican platforms. The dispatches
of the day stated that the platform adopted
by the Rhode Islanders ignored National
issues altogether. That is the Democratic
platform so far as it has been made— a
platform of nothing.
A NAREOW ESCAPE.
The fact that the steamship City of Rio
Janeiro has not been lost is a subject, for
rejoicing, but the Pacific Mail Company de
serves none of the credit. The story is sim
ply this: The ship was supplied with coal
sufficient only for a run in fine weather,
and her sailing power was inadequate to
make headway against adverse winds.
W hen she had covei-ed 2000 of the 3000 miles
between Honolulu and Yokohama her coal,
under the stress of severe head storms, \v;is
exhausted, and it was impossible to pro
ceed 1000 miles further to her destination,
i^he was compelled to put back 2000 miles
to Honolulu, flying before the storm, to se
cure coal. Even there she had great diffi
culty by reason of the fact that her owners
have no supply station on the island. Her
mast«r managed to borrow coal and then
proceeded on his way. In time the ship
will reach Yokohama in safety.
Meanwhile the passengers were sub
jected to a terrible strain of fear and
anxiety, their business suffered, and their
friends on shore were in great distress.
Every life on board was in peril, to say
nothing of the valuable cargo, including a
million in treasure. Had the steamer been
coaled properly before leaving San Fran
cisco all of these sufferings, losses and
anxieties would have been avoided, nut
there was a very heavy demand for space
on the vessel, and an adequate supply of
coal could have been taken only at the sac
ritice of considerable money ready to be
paid for freight. The company was well
aware of the possibility of such a storm as
that encountered, but it proceeded on the
chance that none would occur and that the
trip would be made without accident.
It was just such a policy as this that
caused the wreck of the Colima on the
southern coast some months ago. That
steamer also belonged to the Pacific Mail
Company. The deck was loaded with
lumber. Everything would have gone
smoothly had not a violent storm been
encountered, but when it came the top
heavy ship was unable to live, and she
foundered, drowning many persons and
destroying much property. In all prob
ability the Colima would have ridden tbe
storm safely had she not been made top
heavy.
AN AVOIDABLE DANGEK.
A study of the list of those who have
been killed by cable and electric cars would
show that a very large number were
crushed by the meeting of cars. The case
in Oakland, in which two little girls lost
their lives, is illustrative of the prevalent
danger. They had waited for a car to pass,
and not observing one approaching from
the opposite direction and unable to see it
by reason of the intervention of the car
which they had avoided stepped in front of
it and were run down and killed. It will
be found that many children thus lose
their lives, as they cannot be expected to
be so careful as adults; but the list of such
casualties by no means concerns them
alone.
While the victim is unable to see the car
concealed by the one which he has avoided,
the gripman or motorman of that car
likewise cannot see the victim. The rem
edy for this would be the requirement that
when cars meet one of them should be re
quired to stop until the other bas passed
on and left the view clear, and should pro
ceed very slowly until it is entirely clear of
the other. It should further be required
that when two cars meet and one of them
stops to discbarge a passenger the
other car also should stop, and remain still
until the other car has passed on.
It has been suggested that the teachers
of the public schools urge these rules con
stantly upon the pupils: "1. Look both
ways when crossing a street or alighting
from a car. 2. Never try to cross the street
when a car or team is near. 3. Do not
board or leave a moving car. 4. Always
leave a car from the right-hand side." The
first of these admonitions covers the danger
here mentioned, but net sufficiently, and
perhaps an ordinance regulating the speed
at which cars may pass one another may
be necessary to eliminate ii altogether.
Of course, any such requirement would
not reduce the obligation of the companies
to furnish their cars with efficient fenders.
Those on some of the electric cars could
not Lave been more ingeniously devised to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1806,
mangle the unfortunates after tripping
them. The subject of fenders seems to
have been lost sight of lately, and doubtless
the companies hope, by the employment
of careful operatives, to prevent the fre
quent sacrifice of lives and an ensuing agi
tation, which would require an expendi
ture of a large amount of money in
equipping the cars for the protection of
life.
Even the best fender that can be devised,
however, is not a pleasant thing to encoun
ter, and fendorsarenot the only safeguards
that might be employed. The unfortunate
phase of the matter is that the cruelty of
some of the fenders in use causes them to
be charged with all the evils that the pres
ent system of operation embodies. The
question is larger than that of fenders.
PROGRESSIVE ARIZONA.
The report made by Charles F. Hoff in a
Call interview concerning affairs in Ari
zona is highly encouraging. Under the
stimulus of a prosperous year for cattle,
an extension of irrigation and the develop
ment of numerous gold mines, the cities
of Tucson, Phoenix and Prescott are eager
to make improvements which shall put
them abreast of modern cities, and for this
purpose are appealing to Congress for per
mission to issue bonds each to the amount
of $100,000. Naturally these progressive
people chafe under the cumbersome Terri
torial regulations which require them to
seek authorization from Congress for the
performance of acts, the value of which
they alone are competent to judge, and
accordingly are moved to secure laws
which will permit them the exercise of a
wider liberty of action.
The interests of California are so closely
identified with those of Arizona that a
nearer relation than has heretofore existed
should be established, and the influence of
California's delegation in Congress should
be thrown into the scale with Arizona's
needs. Unlike every other State or Terri
tory of the great West not bordering on the
ocean, Arizona has no mountain barrier
separating it from the coast. It is natur
ally a part of California, being very similar
in climatic and other conditions to South
ern California. Under a higher state of
development it would be in a position to
command the commercial facilities of the
Pacific both by land across California and
down the lower reaches of the Colorado
River to the Gulf ot California.
The development of Arizona would mean
a draft upon California for some of our
most valuable products, including lumber
and bituminous rock. It would have the
further effect of creating a local rail traffic
which would tend to reduce the overland
transportation charges with which Califor
nia is burdened. Being convenient to
Mexico the Territory is in a position to
establish commercial relations with that
republic which would be valuable to our
entire Nation.
California and Arizona present the best
opportunities in America for the invest
ment of capital in the development of rich
native resources. While our State is much
better known Arizona, with all its vast
wealth of soil and minerals, is practically
an undiscovered country, its development,
rapid as it has been in recent years, not
nearly approaching the volume of its
native wealth. It can produce many of
the line products which have given Cali
fornia its fame, its climate is Wonderfully
healthful and it lies convenient to the
markets of Mexico and the Southern States.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
The leading feature jof to-morrow's Call
will be an exhaustive discussion of the
Salvation Army, giving something of its
history, its general scheme, its work, pur
poses and discipline ana the desertion of
Ballington Booth. It will be found an
interesting review of one of tbe greatest
religious movements of history.
Adeline Knapp, in "Our Busy Streets,"
gives a graphic picture of one of the most
interesting charms that San Francisco
possesses.
"The San Bruno Light" is another of
the series of articles which have appeared
in The Sunday Call describing the light
houses of California, and it will be iound
as readable as its predecessors.
An instructive chapter from history will
be devoted to "Farragut in California," as
it will be remembered that at one time he
was in command at Mare Island.
"Marriage in Japan, 1 ' by Euphemia Bur
ton, is a delightfully written account of
the quaint customs of that country in a
matter which has an untiring human in
terest.
Those who have bewailed the extinction
of the buffalo will be pleased to learn that
here in California there has grown up a
considerable industry in the breeding of
this noble animal. The description of a
breeding-farm in this part of the State will
be read with considerable interest.
These are only a few of the special arti
cles that have been prepared for to-mor
row's issue, and besides these are tbe regu
lar Sunday departments devoted to novel
ties in the realm of science, literature, the
drama, society, children, and all the oth
ers. The Sunday Call is entirely an origi
nal production, is unlike any other Sunday
paper, and is particularly welcome to East
ern people who want to know something
about California.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
British officers in Dublin must wear mus
taches by order of Lord Frankfort do Mont
morency, the general in command.
Rain-in-the-Face, who was a leader in the
Custer massacre, is now a policeman at the
Standing Rock agency and is looked upon as a
valuable man.
It is announced that Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid have offered their beautiful house in
West Chester, N. V., to ex-President Harrison
in which to spend his honeymoon. The offer
has not as yet been accepted.
The Emperor of Austria dislikes German
cooking and cares only for French cuisine.
When his relatives of the house of Tuscany
visit him to please their tastes he has Italian
dishes served. On certain occasions the Em
press, who is a Bavarian, orders German
dishes.
The Baroness Burdetl-Coutts Is very fond of
all kinds of animals and birds, and at her
Hiphgate home she has an extraordinary col
lection of them. Goats, llamas, ponies, don
keys, nightingales, parrots, robins and a vari
ety of others are among her pets and all share
her favor.
A laborious genealogist announces that
Queen Victoria had nine children, of whom
she has lost two; forty-one gran dchildren, of
whom eight have died, and twenty-three great-
grandchildren, all of whom are living. She has,
therefore, sixty-three descendants living
seven children, thirty-three grandchildren and
twenty-three of the next generation.
More people know the late ex-Governor Rob
inson as Lizzie Borden's counsel than as a
brilliant chief executive of the old Bay Btate.
The trial established bit fame as a criminal
lawyer, and he was besought afterward to de
fend murderers, but he refused all such offers.
He believed entirely in the innocence of Miss
Bordeu and frequently said so.
Some German papers give very unfavorable
accounts of the health of Archauke Franz Fer
dinand, heir-prospective to the Austro-Hun
garian throne. He is wintering at Cairo, and,
according to these reports, has been obliged to
forego walking exercise, only appearing on
the terrace of the hotel with an attendant to
support him. He looks very ill and takes a
desponding view of his own case. ]
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
•'Of all the places that 1 ever got Into and
didn't want to get into again," said L. W.
Adams yesterday, at the Grand, "that place is
British Guiana.
"When I went down there, about a year ago,
to take charge of a number ol placer and
quartz mines for a New York syndicate, I
didn't know the siege I had to run.
"If I had I suppose I wouldn't have gone.
Not because the mines are not good enough,
for they are. They are really about the richest
I ever struck. Tne placers there averaged
somewhat near 16 cents a pan, so far as I pros
pected, and average quartz was about $40 a
ton. My comDany made money, and so did
about all the others there.
"We were on the Barima River, quite a long
L. W. Adams, Who lias Returned From British Guiana After a Year of Strange
" '. J Experiences There. ' ' )i'^S>"^\
[Sketched' from life by a "Call"., artist.]
distance up from Georgetown. Had, in fact,
to get a lot of natives and paddle in small
boats a good part of the way and twist around
waterfalls. There is a dense tropical growth
along that river, and in the boiling sun
malaria and fevers were bred. They attacked
Americans and Europeans with unusual fatal
ity. It took only a little time in many cases
for these fevers to get a grip on a man, and un
less he had a strong constitution he was
liable to be carried off. The natives stood it
well. They did not seem to be affected like
the outsiders.
"These natives worked for $1 or a little more
a day iv the mines, and I found them very
tractable and useful. My company made
money. It was really interesting to note the
development of wealth in those mines.
"The British residents down there are very
slow. There are no people like the Americans
to push forward and make themselves felt.
With them, to see that a thing was good was to
act on it. They were generally successful.
The British were too slow. Still, notwitn
standing the richness, I would not advise any
of our California miners to go to British
Guiana. I think, on the whole, they will be
happier, and in the long run as prosperous,
here."
Every actor of prominence has had his ups
and down in the profession. It is almost nec
essary that the follower ot Thespis should buck
up against the downs at some period in order
that his nature may be mellowed and h:smind
broadened by the hard and lasting impression
of experience. There was a time when Tim
Murphy was lighter in purse and heavier in
heart than he is this season. It was in the
days before he crossed Charley Hoyt's horizon
—before he had been given the small part of
Dodge Work in "A Brass Monkey," the acting
of which, however, gave Hoyt a "line on the
ability" of the man who was afterward to make
of "A Texas Steer" such a tremendous success.
They were the days of Murphy's callow youth,
but he already had the theatrical bee buzzing
under his headgear. It was then his wont to
organize a company of amateurs in his home
city, Washington, and go barnstorming for
weeks at a time.
On this particular trip the attenuated Mur
phy had led his aspiring actors and actresses
down into the country school district of Vir
ginia. At Culpepper there was a hall which
also did duty as an opera-house. Murphy for
gets now whether it was "Ten Nights in a Bar
room" or "Julius Caesar" which was down for
production that night. At any rate he used to
take tickets at the door until near curtain
rising time, then rusn back on the stage, make
up In a desperate hurry and be ready for his
cue.
This night at Culpepper the hosts were slow
coming out to buy tickets at 10,20 and 30
cents and the house was meager when time
compelled him to give up the door to the rural
manager and go on the stage. He severely
cautioned the house manager about letting in
people without the price and skipped to the
rear.
When Murphy obeyed his cue and stalked out
on the stage what was his amazement to find
the hayseed manager sitting in the front row.
As soon as his time and business would permit
him he went down under the stage to the door,
through which the orchestra emerges and dis
appears, and yelling at the rustic asked what
in thunder he was doing there.
Mr. Rural Manager, having in mind only the
terrible warniug Murphy had given him to
prevent the possibility of letting all his country
friends in to see the Bhow for nothing, yelled :
"That's all right, Mr. Actor; theykain'tanyof
them git in on yer. I've locked the door and
got the key in my pocket."
When Murphy finally induced him to go
back to the door there were fifty or sixty people
waiting patiently for th*e doors to open.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A Note of Warning.
Santa Clara Journal.
Beware of "Gold Bricks."
Slake It a Penal Offense.
San Jacinto Keglster.
Pugilism is not a manly art nor a physical
science, it is a degrading exhibition of low
brutality, and the sooner it is treated as a
general offense everywhere on the continent
the better for public morals.
Great Britain Would Stand Alone.
Oakland Tribune.
Great Britain in some of her recent contro
versies must have liadanew sense of isolation.
It was evident that if involved in a war she
would stand alone. Russia, Germany and
France would not be with her.
The "Wisdom of Concentration.
I<oa Angeles Express.
The present predicament of the Italian Gov
ernment should afford an object lesson to
those American politicians who are everlast
ingly clamoring for an extension of the juris
diction of the United States Government.
A Search Warrant Needed.
Pacific Union Printer.
Lost.— ln Washington, D. C, during the
month of February, a Memory. Finder will
please keep it until called for by the owner,
C. P. Huntington. A liberal reward will be
offered, payable in 100 years, interest at 2 per
cent.
England Wants Them.
San Jose Mercury.
The gold fields in Alaska promise to be as rich
b those ip Africa, and England hopes to secure
them by means of a change In the boundary.
But this country is not in a mood to grant
England any concessions just at present, and
her hopes in that direction are destined to be
shattered.
Gold Nearer Home.
Berkeley Gazette.
Our advice to the men both old and young
who are now casting their eyes toward Alaska
is to investigate the rich mining regions close
at hand in your own State before passing over
it and going to a country that you know not
of, and where only hardship and misery await
you.
The Way to Resume.
Fresno Kcpubllcan,
Horace Greeley once remarked that the way
to resume is to resume. The idea applies with
force to a good many other things which some
people appear to think should be done in a
rvundabout way. The way to coin silver tor
instance is to coin it, and all of it which ia
taken to the mints trom the mines of this coun
try. To do anything less than this is to dis
credit the white metal and weaken its value in
comparison to the favored yellow metal.
THE WRECKERS.
All night the sea has thundered :
The wluds have fiercely reaped.
And first fruits of the harvest
Along the shore are heaped.
I watch a group of children
Upon the bearh bolow.
Glad wreckers waiting for their spoil
After the nijjht of woe.
From out the thlcklv driving mist
A dory leaps to land ;
The fisherman is ambushed by
The eager shouting band.
The boldest wrecker of them all
springs on his shoulders brown.
While others seize his brawny aims
And liercely pull him down.
They lead their captive slowly
To their stronghold by the hill;
A cottage low, where weary eyes
With tears of welcome fill.
O children! keep your prisoner fas>
Sot let him once «?o fr^p.
Till tempest clouds be overpast
And sunsbiue light the sea!
George T. Packard In the Youth's Companion.
AN OLD CITY NURSERY.
The oldest nursery in San Francisco and,
possibly, in California occupies a plat of land
near the corner of Battery and Oregon streets.
It is not the first nursery started in the City,
but those that were started before It have long
ago been removed to maice room for improve
ments. One would not look for a garden of
flowerß and young trees in this locality, as the
immediate surroundings are old tumble-down
buildings, crowded in together so closely as to
scarcely leave a square yard of land between
them.
The garden is a quaint old place that some
how makes one feel as if it did not belong
there. Everything about it is old-fashioned
and 60 cramped for room as to make the plants
seem to be gasping for air. The garden does
not occupy much more than 125 square yards,
Portion of the Oldest Nursery in San
Francisco.
and yet over 5000 plants of different kinds are
growing there. There is scarcely room to walk
between the different beds, and hundreds of
plants in the first stages of germination are in
boxes ranged one above another on a tier of
shelves. Every inch of the garden is pictur
esque and interesting, no matter from what
point it is seen.
When the nursery was first laid out it was in
the center of San Francisco. The Merchants'
Exchange occupied the building just across
Oregon street, and the Postofiioe opposite on
Battery street brought crowds down that way.
While the garden is now used mostly for grow
ing trees and vines, in the oldjdays thousands
of flowers were grown there. Most of the roses
for the first State ball in the Legislative hall
were grown in the same beds that are in use
to-day.
The nursery was started by Reed & Williams
in 1860, at the time when they attempted to
get a corner on the tree and plant business in
California. The first use of the garden was as
a supply depot. In 1863 the present proprie
tor, H. Meherin, bought them out. He made
few if any changes in the arrangement of the
garden or greennouse, so that it looks to-day
much the same as when it was first laid out.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"I want an additional clause put on the
anti-smoke ordinance." said Gaswell.
"Go on," replied Dukane.
"I want every cigarette smoker to be com
pelled to consume his own smoke."— Plttsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
"Did I understand you to say," said the Bos
ton lady to the art critic, "that what Mr. Van
Dobbles' picture needs is atmosphere ?"
"Yes."
'■Ah! Then I begin to understand a remark
made by Mr. Van Dobbles, which was hitherto
unintelligible."
"About this' picture?"
"Yes. He said he wished he could think of
some way to raise the wind on it."—Washing
ton Star. __
"George dear! 1 '
She looked anxiously at the clock, which
pointed at 12:30.
"What is it, love?"
«'I don't wish to hurry you away, George;
but you know that papa is not overly fond of
you, and he is an early riser."
At this hint George commenced to get ready
to take his departure.— Harper's Bazar.
Mamma— What do you mean by taking that
piece of cake? When you asked for it, didn't
I a&y no ?
Tommy— You did; but last night I heard
papa say that when a woman says "no," she
always means "yes."— New York Truth.
Wiggles— That was rather a shrewd .thing
that the people in the Fifth-street Church did
with their pastor.
W aggies— What was that ?
Wiggles— Oh, they gave him twenty volumes
of the collected sermons of successful preach
ers.—Somerville Journal.
Hungerford — Do you believe, doctor, -that
the use of tobacco tends to shorten a man's
days ?
Dr. Powell— l know that it does. I tried to
stop once, and the days were about ninety
hours long.— Spare Moments.
She— Oh, Mr. Jones— those two lovely poems
of yours in this week's— a— a "
lie (a poetical star of the seventh magnitude)
— You mean my two sonnets in the Weekly
Sundew?
She— Yes. How exquisite they both are!
He (much pleasea)— And which do you like
best?
She— Oh, the longer one!— Punch.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. H. Cutter of Portland is In the City.
G. H. BarnUart of Tucson, Ariz., is on a visit
here.
Judge Harris of Sacramento is at the Cali
fornia.
J. Q. Adams of Spencer, lowa, arrived here
yesterday. .
John R. Armstrong, electrical engineer, o:
Stockton is in town.
M. A. Plaisted, proprietor of the Riverside
Enterprise, la at the California.
John D. Gougar and Mrs. Gougar of Lafay
ette, Ind., arrived here yesterday.
B. T. Lacy leaves this evening for an ex
tended business visit to Eastern cities.
S. S. Badger of Chicago, who is interested In
gold mining in California, is at the Baldwin.
George Carrothers of Findlay, Ohio, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan, accompanied by his
daughter.
Joseph Brown, the Democratic politician of
San Bernardino, formerly a banker there, is at
the Baldwin.
H. A. Martin, a wealthy British manu
facturer of woolen goods, is among the arrivals
at the Palace.
Judson C.' Brusie, the attorney, playwright
and politician, of Sacramento is among nu
merous visitors here.
Attorney John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles, a
member of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, is at the Palace.
X W. J. Deater. editor of the Madera Tribune,
is among those who have come to attend the
convention. He is at the Lick.
John Vance, one of the owners in the Eel
River Valley Railroad and also in a hotel and
other enterprises at Eureka, is at the Grand.
William C line, the grocer, leaves this even
ing, in company witn his brother, Martin, for
Los Angeles, wnere he will establish a branch
store.
James B. Olcott of the Department of Agri
culture is here, en route home from Australia,
where be has been collecting botanical speci
mens.
John L. Sheffler, a wealthy resident of Frank
fort. Ind., is at the Palace, accompanied by
Mrs. Sheffler and Misses Blanche B. and Mabel
D. Sheffler.
George Cochran Browne, a wealthy young
man of Brooklyn, N« V., has arrived hero, after
a tour of Europe, India, China and Japan. He
is at the Palace. j
Thomas Fox, the new Postmaster of Sacra
mento, who ha 3 just received his appointment
after a hot fight for the place, is on a visit here.
He is at the Lick.
Tom D. Lane, superintendent of the great
Utiea gold mine, the product of which has
been enormously heavy for the past two or
three years, is in town. "
A prominent party of New York people, con
sisting of J. B. Dutcher, J. G. Dutcher and
Samuel and Edward W. Hetts, arrived here yes
terday. They are at the Palace.
W. E. Hall, formerly chief clerk to the Chief
of Police here, who has for some time been on
his vineyard near Fresno, is in the City. He
has became interested in mining in Northern
California and also in Alaska.
James Brennan, a mining man of Australia,
arrived on the Alameda yesterday, accom
panied by his wife, and they are staying at the
Cosmopolitan. Mr. Brennan is a brother of the
Rev. Father Brennan of the Mission Dolores.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 13.— Among the
arrivals are: W. Miller, Cosmopoliton; J. H.
Porter, Hoffman ; G. A, Spicer, St. Cloud ; W. c.
Hunter, Coleman; Dr. T. J. Turner, St. Denis;
B. Ambler, Astor; Miss F. L. Shepard, Murray
Hill.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Religions of the World— S., City. Meyer's
Konversation Lexicon gives the following
figures of the religions of the world:
Christian — Roman Catholic 216,000,000,
Protestant 137,000,000, Greek, Armenian and
Abyssinian church 95,000,000; total 448,000 -
000."
Non-Christian— Buddhist and Brahmin 672 -
000,000, Mohammedans 200,000,000, Jews.
7,000,000, other creeds 125,000,000: total
1,004,000,000.
Fournier de Flalx in the quarterly report of
American Statistical Association for March
1892, furnishes the following figures of creeds
and number of followers: Christianity 477
--080,158, worship of ancestors and Confucian
ism 256,000,000. Hindooism 190,000,000, Mo
hammedanism 176,834,372, Buddhism 147 -
000,000, Taoism 43.000,000, Shintoism 14-
-000,000, Judaism 7.180,000, Polytheism 117-
-681,669. The followers of the Christian
churches are divided as follows: Catholic
230,866,533, Protestant 143,237,625, Orthodox
Greek 98,016,000. Church of Abyssinia 3 000 -
000, Coptic 120,000, Armenian 1,690,000
Nestorians 80,000, Jacobites 70,000; totai
John F. Finnerty— A. B. W., San Diego, Cal.
John F. Finnerty, the well-known orator prom
inent in Irish affairs, is called "colonel" by
courtesy. A friend of his, when asked how he
acquire! the title of colonel, said: "You might
just as reasonably ask why all members of
some of our prominent clubs are called gen
erals, coloneis and judges. Mr. Finnerty is
one of the handsomest men in the United
States, and is considered one of the most elo
quent orators in this country; he served as a
war correspondent, rendered valuable services
as a patriot citizen in war and in peace- he
served his country in the Congress of ' the
United States, and defeated many an ahi«
antagonist in debate. For these reasons if foi
none other, do you not think his fellow-citizens
should call him colonel?" a
Roman Coin-E. F. P., Watson ville, Cal. in
view of the fact that there are so many imita
tions of old Roman com3 it is impossible to tell
without being certain that the coin you di
Bcribe is a genuine one, what its value is Tht
com ought to be submitted to a numismatist
who will be able to determine its value if it is
a genuine one. ""uonuis
The Naval Academy-G. J. T.,City Thosp
who are named to act as a board to examine
into the qualifications of applicants for admis
sion to the naval academy at Ann*nnii a >>«
nothing to do with re Jiving appKuon*
All Ptich must be sent to the Congressman ««
the district m which the applicants liy^ * tmJ
\ limb" Jse 7^" * SUfe r^«^*^»»ia^ebaX^drcheir^
• - Aiiu DS| use stu *\" *■ ** ■ ■ " v -* ' ■ ■■ " *■ .* --■ :a - . ■ ■ ' ■- '■ ",■" ■"■'■■'-- -'.~ '-■■'- n
! A llrnr'lr'c Porous \
\ r\IICUCK S Plaster |
L Bear IN Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and unit*- / 5
P tions is as good as the genuine. r , A
H^^l^HH^.MBk aa^. Mot. m^ — ' . ■ ■ ■ M
being done, the Congressman will notify the
applicants of the time and place where the
examination, if any, is to be held. The Con
gr«Tm»n is permitted to make a selection
without a competitive examination.
Name ant> Memory— J. M., Sonora, Cal. The
words "For my name aud memory I leave it to
men's charitable speeches, to foreign nationg
and to the next ages" is from the will of Fran
cis Bacon, who lived from 15bl to IWO.
A MODEST AND PRETTY BICYCLE
COSTUME.
Experienced riders who do not approve of
bloomers find the rather short skirt the ideal
garment. It is becoming off the wheel as well,
and is graceful and really more modest than
the longer skirts which are narrow enough
not to catch in the wheel, for these latter cling
and show the outline of the form very plainly.
The skirt if properly made never annoys one
by blowing. To insure this the fabric muij
have some body to begin with, ana it niusi
further be faced up about live inches with the
goods. The neatest finish for this is small rows
of stitching. If the goo-is is not heavy an in
terlining of canvas may be used between facing
and skirt. The skirt should be lined with satlne
to Insure a freedom of movement tnat is impost
sible with woolen goods. The knickers may
be made of the satine for summer wear, and
then a skirt lining is not necessary. The leg
gings should match the costume or the facing.
A cheviot of mixed tone is very jaunty with
leather facing and leggings. A band of leather,
is put on the hat also, and the gloves and but
tons should be of the color of the leather.
The skirt has a front gore, and from that is
seamless to the center back, where one pleat is
laid on either .side.
The skirt buttons at the top of the front. The
top fits perfectly smooth without darts, as it la
cut circular at the sides and back. The waiss
fits smoothly over the nips, and is cut with the
back and side forms in one. A plain cloth,
black or brown, looks exceedingly well with
white cuffs and collar.
This skirt Is appropriate to wear with shirt
waists for the summer. t
Townsexd's famous broken candy, 10c a lb. •
Molasses crisp popcorn candy. Townsend. •
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.'
Extra fine chocolate creams at Townsend's.^
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market it. •
50 lbs. choice prunes $1. Sbarboro & Co.,
grocers, 531 Washington street. •
Genuine Eyeglasses and Specs, 15c to 40c. 81^$
Fourth. Sundays, 73B Market, Kast'sshoestore*
Sfeciai, inlotmation daily to munufaetnron
business houses and public men by the Prew
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Lord Beaconfield's brother, Mr. Ralph Dis
raeli, is still living. He bears no resemtlance
to his distinguished brother and has always
lived a quiet, retiring live, having been for
many years clerk of the House ni Lords.
Strong muscles, steady nerves, good appetite,
result from blood made pure by Hood's HarsWpa
rilla. This is proved by what thousands say about
Hood's. It is the ideal spring medicine.
SUFFEBEBB FROM COUGHS, SOBE THBOAT, etc,
should be constantly supplied with "£rown't
Bronchial Troches."
Maxv influences combine to make the hair
crisp, lifeless, thin and gray. The best restorative
is Parker's Ha ik Baijah.
If you suffer irom looseness of the bowels. Dr.
Slegert's A ngostura Blttors will surely cure yon.
NEW TO-DAY.
reaTestate
FOB SALE BY
Tim laps & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
INIOS TRUST BIiILDKG, CORKER MARKET.
NEW PROPERTY. .
Rents $200: $45,000: North Beach corner front-
ing Montgomery ave. ; very prominent corner; 3
car lines pass; 60-vara. '
Magnificent Pacitic-ave. residence and very large
lot; best portion; finest marine view out there and
best block inside Buchanan st. •
Pacific Heights corner and tine new modern rest*
dence; $24,000. !
I Cor. Lake st. and Twenty-fourth ave.; 120xl00t
fine view; $3500. : . •- . -
-Twenty-fourth-. and Chattanoo'ga st«. corner;
117:6x65 to an alley, and fair 2-sxory: only 97500.
Two-story and basement; lot 26:4x80: house has
18 rooms: only $2800: very easy terms ; Tehama
St., bet. First and Second.
■■ Chenery st.; lot 50x100; electric-cars pass;
$840. . .
■ ■ INVESTMENTS. • ;
. Make offer; Ellls-st. corner: rents $274 50 ;•
$30,000; 90x126; covered with 6 2-story dwelling*
and 9 flats; both streets in good order; most be
■old to close an estate. ... •■
Ninth St., bet. Market and Mission; 50x100:6;
frame buldlngs; cheap.
Ninth st.. near Mission; good business block; 2
flats and lot 25x70: store should be put there:
$13,000. r . : . <
Page st. and Rose ave., looking out to Market St.,
bet. Franklin and Gough: 27:6x120, fronting both
streets: cottage and 2-story dwelling; $12,000.
B Valencla-st. store and flat near Twentieth st.i
rents $35; $dlso. -\ » , • !
Howard st., west side, bet. Sixth and Seventh, I
28x90 • and a-story double store and flat of 19*
rooms; rents about $700 a year; $8750. 1
-' CHEAP / LOTS. -". :
$4000— VERY «HEAP: D ST., facing the Park,
cor. Thirty-fifth ave.; 120x450. making 18 lots.
CHEAP; $2000 only each: 3 lots 27:6x137:8,
on north side Sacramento, bet. Spruce and Maple;
cable cars pass: easy terms.
Reduced to $13UO; very cheap; Gearyst. lots, !
west of Central ave., 26x100; cable cars pass.
Gough-st. lots; 25x112:6; $4500 each; bet.
Grove and Fulton; street bituminized.
Very cheap lot, 37:6x96:3, on Laguna St., near
Waller, one block from Market st. only $37 50.
• Dsvisadero. near Washington; 25x110; reduced
to $3750; street paved; electric-cars pass; fine lot.
and neighborhood. -
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE !
LOTS.
Reduced to $9000: make offer: NW. cor. Padflo
ave. and Broderick it.; 35x127:8: a ; very sightly
lot. with view of bay and 1 block from the can.
Jackson - st., bet. ■ Gough ; and Octavia; 125x ■
127 :8, or any size front.
Pacific ave., north side; any size, 25, 50 0r 75 feel i
front; price reauced to $200 a foot; fine marine 1
view. - .■■■,. ■■■.■:. .-. ~- ■ ...-. v ■ ■ - ■■ . ■ ■■.■ . . •..;■■
Marine view; north side Broadway, between
Devisadero and Broderick; finest view on Pacitio
Heights and cannot be shut off; 40x137:6 only
$6400. or larger size. -
southwest corner Broadway and Stelner; 27:6x
110; $4500; good view; street in order. .SATURDAY .MARCH 14, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
BaXBWTK Thfatkr.— "A Milk White Flag."
California Theater—" Capt. Impudence: " Or
"Mexico," Monday eveninp. March 16.
Columbia '1 hicaikh- "1 he Wicklow Postman."
Xokosco's OPKKA-Hors>- — "The Silver King."
UrovFß's ArcATAB.— "The Mikado."
Trvow Opeka-House.— -The Hooiah."
< bi'hkt-m.— Hlfch-Class Vaudeville.
The Auditorium— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— Materna and Ondncek.
M*rroxorGH Tiikater (Oaklakd)— "Damon
and Pythias."'
. Native Sons' Hall— Mason street, ncarPost—
lecture by Bev. Anna H. Shaw, Monday e*%ning.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bicycle Tournament.
SrTBo Coney Isi^ni>— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert, to-night.
;-iio..T the Chctes— Daily at Haight street,
tie block tost of M-..-> I'ark.
1 acific Coast Jockey Olttb-— to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By H. J. Leutholtz.— This day (Saturday),
Showcases, etc.. at 773 Market st., at 11 o'clock.
. : liY Sullivan & Doyle- day (Saturday),
■-' horses, wagons, etc., at 2432 Califoniia street, at
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN. BRIEF.
Pupils of the Italian school defended Crispi
on Powell street.
Monsignor Nugent of Liverpool, now in Los
Angeles, is coming to San Francisco.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted James H.
Cummings for obtaining property by false pre
tenses. ;.: '
The French Christian Union is working in
the interest of a home for convalescent
women.. \. ' ■
i An ex-convict has been arrested for stealing
a watch belonging to an actor in the Baldwin
Theater. .
The -Supervisors have postponed aotion on
removing the hog ranches from Bay View for
fix months.
Lord Talbot Clifton has been sued for the
price of a pair of snowy-white polo trousers and
a scarlet coal.
Major T. C. Ryan lectured last night at Me
tropolitan Hall on "Jlonasticism has no place
in the Republic."
I>r. C. H. Steele lectured at Cooper Medical
College last night on ants and their almost hu
man metnods of life.
The First Beethoven Symphony was played
yesterday afternoon by' the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra.
Rev. Anna Shaw and Miss Mary Garrett Hay,
: ited women suffragists, arrived* last night to
open the State campeign.
The California State Floral Society held a
Pijccessful meeting yesterday at the Maple
Room of the Palace Hotel.
"Cloudy weather; probably rain Saturday
night"— prediction issued last night by Local
Forecast Official A. G. ftfcAdie.
Miss Farnesworth of Minneapolis leads in the
three days' ladies' bicycle race at the Pavilion,
her score bemp 5."> mile*, - r > laps.
An attachment was placed upon the store
fixtures and stock of D. G. i amarinos, the
Sansome-street fruit merchant, yesterday.
George Palmer, \Naiter J, Mount McGregor
11, Cabrillo, William Pmkerton and Toano
were the winning hones at Ingleside yester
day.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw will give her first lecture
on "The New Man," Monday evening, March
lti, at 3 o'clock, in Native honn' Hull, Mmwn
: • .: 1 ■■-:.
Dr. .1. K. McMurdo and Pr. A. P. O'Brien,
City physicians, inspected the deadhouses oi
Chinatown yesterday and will report two oi
the wor.-t i:s nuisances.
: Counsel Ileirin closed his argument
railroad .in the case against the state
Railroad Commissioners in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday.
Jackson McCullum has been arrested on a
change', of burglary. He confesses to having
broken into' twenty Western Addition homes
\vithih the past-six weeks.. '
'Sajnruel B. Thompson, charged with felonious
assault, '.was., allowed to plead guilty to simple
isssult .yesterday, .and was sentenced to six
ir)j3inhs.iii the County. Jail.
The Ca.llnghan heirs have incorporated un
der the ' name of the Callaghan Estate Com-
Msjr. The estate, valued at £900,000. has
V*..!! wade the capital stock.
;. The' Francisco Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union tendered a reception to Mrs.
Helen JI. Cougar alter the semi-annual con
vention-at the First Christian Church.
:e Hebbard has decided that the Home
fdr- the .' lnebriates has no title to the lot on
Tenth and Point Loboa avenues. The lot was
I to the home under an illegal ordinance.
P. J. White has commenced suit against the
Arch-bishop to set aside a deed conveying to
him a lot owned by Ellen Gallagher. The deed
was executed just bviore Mrs. Gallagher's
death.
At the meeting of striking painters yester
rtav the secretary read a list of over sixty mas
ter painters who have conceded to all de
mandfc of the union and are now conducting
-hops.
The libel ?uit of John G. Chase against
Charles M. Shortridge. proprietor of The Call,
was concluded yesterday in the Superior Couit.
The jury promptly returned a verdict in favor
of the defendant.
Mrs. Helen M.«iougar gave the first of a series
of free lectures at the Young Men's Christian
Association last evening. There will be two
more of the >cries. To-night she will talk oi a
••Way out for the unemployed."
Judge Slack has made an order approving
the sale of the interests of the minor Fair heirs,
the children of Thomas E. Fair, in the Fair
estate The Nevada Bank of San Francisco is
mentioned as the purchaser of their claims.
An enthusiastic mass-meeting wn< held last
night at the hall of Mission Par. or, N. B.G. W.,
by tee citizens of the district south of Four
teenth street for the purpose of agitating the
matter of gettlne a high school for that part of
town.
The Joint Judiciary and Streets committee of
the Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
recommend that the City Surv.-vor be author
ized to make a survey of the district south of
t:.e park, though at his own risk as to compen
sation.
The creditor? of William Jobson have peti
tioned to have him declared Insolvent. Debts
to the amount of nearly s£6oO are represented
in the petition. Jokson is manager of the
Burr Folding Bed Company, and practically,
the company itself.
The architects whose plans for a building
on the site of the old hall were not recom
mended by the Municipal Buildings Commit
tee of the "Board of Supervisors, appeared be
fore the Supervisors last evening to explain
the merits of their plans.
I/egal authorities are not inclined to agree
•with Governor Iludd that it is optional with
him to name the Lieutenant-Governor's office
In his comine proclamation. Articles of the
constitution and code sections are cited, obvi
ously making it a mandatory duty.
CAMARINOS ATTACHED.
The Sannome-Street Fruit Merchant Is
Trying to Get a Rebate on
His Bent.
An attachment was levied upon the
property of D. G. Camarinos, the Sansome-
Btreet merchant and proprietor of the
Fiarta restaurant, yesterday, by A. O.
Larkin. The cause of this action is an
arrears of rent amounting to $900. For
some time Camarino? has been trying to
get a rebate on the fiOO per month, which
he paj s for the lease of the premises, on
account of extensive repairs he made three
years ago on the building. The agent re
fused to negotiate on this basis, hence the
attachment. .
"It all comes of a renter trying to fix up
the place he occupies," said Mr. Cnmannos
yesterday. "It has l.een fourteen years
since I leased thi< place at $100- a month,
bo yon see I nave paid Mr- Larkin almost
■ It bad been an old fish market,
and about three years ago the rotten floors
fell into the basement and ibe building
almost went down also.
"Well. I spent $?000 in making repairs
and overnaalir.g the old lam Ipm down
a bituminous pavement on Merchant street
alongside ol the building, changing the
little roadway from a filthy, muddy
into a nice, clean street. 1
fitted up the restaurant portion in gocd
Btylewith tile rloor in some places and a
marble slab at the door. In fact, 1 en-
Uanced the value of the property 50 per
cent and for all this I never even got a
'thank you.' Rent has gone down all
around me, but mine has staid at the same
old fit-lire, I have been trying to get it re
duced, but Mr. Laikin lias been East much
of the lime unj I have not been successful
in my efforts."
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Two More of the Old-Time
Whalers Withdrawn From
the Trade.
TURNED INTO CODFISH BOATS.
j Charles Ryan, a Longshoreman,
Hurled to His Death on the
Bark Empire.
The whaler of to-day roust have an aux
iliary bcrew or else the chances are all
against her. The days of the "wind-jam
mers' 1 have gone by. and over haif of the
old-time fleet have either been broken up
or are lying rotting at their anchors.
i Steam whalers that can right their way
j through the ice to the Mackenzie River in
! the spring and back ajraiti when fields
j begin to form in the fall are what are
wanted nowadays, and not sailing vessels
that may be caught in an icetield and per
i haps held there for days.
Very few sailing vessels paid expenses
Two of the Old-Time Whalers, That Cannot Compete With Steam Vessels, Now Being Fitted Out at
Fremont Street for a Cod-Fishing Cruise.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
last season. In fact, the only one that
I made anything like a good showing was
i the Cape Horn Pigeon, which came in full
:of oil and bone. Captain Scullun was so
! well satisfied with his venture that he lias
I fitted out the brig Hidalgo and will make
i another cruise to the Arctic.
Amone the whalers that will never start
! on a whaling cruise are the schooner La
; Ninfa ami the old bark Emma F. Harri
i man. Both hare been rut in the codfish
| ing business and in future will make
yearly trips to Eenng Sea instead of to
the Arctic. Captain Dollard ha? chartered
i the La Ninfa and hopes to bring back 150
tons of lish. He is one of the best Known
masters in San Francisco an 1, although it
is live years since he his last cruise,
| still he" knows niore ahout Bering .^eii than
! half tne captains that trade there.
The La Ninfa has been laid up in Oak
lard Creek for more than B year, and it is
! to be hoped that this new venture will be
! a success. She will carry ten boats and a
I crew of fifteen men and will be gone about
six months.
The Harriman, which is also being
transformed into a cod-fisher, is an olu
j timer. She was built at Searsport, Me.,
in 1882, and made her maiden voyage from
| Nantucket. During her time sbemadea
I fortune for her owners, but on her last
i cruise she only brought in 120 barrels of
| oil. That was in 1883, and since then she
; has been tied up in Oakland Creek. Both
vessels are being fitted out at Fremont
street wharf, and two gangs of men are
. kept constantly going on each. The "try
ing out" apparatus is being removed and
; the vessels cot ready for their new voca
: tion. The Harrinian will take 350 tons of
i salt with her. as the captain expects to
j take at least 000 tons of lish if he gets any
thing like a showing.
Lieutenant- Commander Turner and
twenty men of the Naval Reserve left for
Mare Island on the tug Governor Irwin
i this morning to bring the monitor C-j
--manche to San Francisco. On her arrival
here she will be anchored in the bay and
thereafter will be used as a training-ship.
Sergeant Hayes of tbe special police mi
; ployed by the Harbor Commissioners
wants to find C. K. Carlson. He has a
check for $1H belonging to him, drawn on
Temple Grove No. 19, V. A. O. D., for
I sick benefits. It was picked up near the
ISansaJito ferry. Sergeant Hayes can be
• fou nd at the chief wharfinger's office.
Charles Ryan, one of the men employed
| in unloading the coal cargo of the bark
Empire into the barge Colonel Baker, met
\ with an awfully sudden death yesterday.
■ He was standing on the scaffold attending
I to the hoisting bucket, when the rope
' broke. In consequence he was dashed to
: the deck, about twenty-six feet below, and
instantly killed. Ryan was well known
j along the front and was a sober, hard
working man. His body was taken to the
Morgue.
Jerry McCarthy, a teamster, lost one of
his finders on Main-street wharf yesterday.
! Some time ago the Harbor Commissioners
j deci'ieil ttiat the iron mooring bits that had
| bff-n placed on the different piers wereuse
| less and ordered them taken up and re
■ placed with piles. The bits had been re
i moved from Mum street and McCarthy
; was nutting them into his wagon. As In
was lifting one in his horses moved and
: the heavy bit fell on the third finger of his
right hand, cutting it off clean at the sec
ond joint. The wound wa* bandaged up
temporarily and McCarthy went to Dr.
j !Stant<Hi for repair 3.
Captain "Patsy" Anderson, the genial
! an) skillful master of the steamer Pro
gre?o, has determined to forsake the sea
aid turn farmer. His ranch in the Santu
Clara Valiev is in a flourishing condition
and "Patsy"' thinks he can steer it to bet
ter advantage by remaining ashore. His
| place in the Progreso will be taken by .
CaDtain Stores, who was formerly master
i ot lh-:> Willamette Valley, but lof the last
: two years was chief oilicer of the vessel he !
I now commands.
NOT FOR THE HOME.
Judge Hebbard Han Decided a Land
Suit in Favor of ihe
City.
In the suit of the Home for the Inebriate
against the City, Judtre Hebbard has de
cided in favor of the defendant. TJnesuit
v.as to quiet title to a lot on Tenth and
Point Lobos avenues, which was set aside
by the Supervisors in 1869 for the use of
the home.
The action taken by the board in Jan
uary, 1808, was confirmed the following
March by the Legislature, which passed a
law giving the Supervisors power to set
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
aside portions of land for public purposes
In 1853 the Home for Inebriates incorpor
ated, and in 1870 the Legislature passed a
law giving to the home title to the lot as
signed to it by the Board of Supervisors.
In March. 1895, the Legislature repealed
the act of 1870, and in May, 1595, in the
case of the California Academy of Sciences
against the City and County, it was decided
the Board of Supervisors had no power to
set apart any land for the use of private
corporations, and therefore the plaintiff
could have no title to the lot, at least until
after the passage of the act of 1870. The
question considered by Judge Hebbard
was whether or not the home acquired
title under the act of 1870, and if so. did
the repealing act divest it of that title.
The court holds that while in 1868 the City
granted a right for a public use, the Legis
lature two years later conferred it upon a
private corporation. This was, however,
only a trust, or in trust only aould the
home take the land, and the* act of 1895
could and did act in the nature of a ter
mination of the trust. Judgment is there
fore given for the City.
• — «. — *
RECEPTION TO MRS. GOUGAR.
Ilonored by the County Woman's Chris
tian Temperance I'nion.
The hours of the semi-annual conven
tion of the San Francisco County Woman's
Christian Temperance Union were full of
earnest, honest work.
The union held an all-day session at the
First Christian Church yesterday. Among
the chief features of the day were an ad
dress by Dr. G'.iild on "Non-alcnholic
Medicines"; an add res; by Rev. A. Camp
bell in which he assured the ladies that
I there is no doubt as to the ultimate
; triumph of prohibition in California, and
' an essay by Miss Marian Cummings on
"Proper Representation."
Mrs. P. 1. bpencer and Mrs. C. B. Wil
liams acted as a committee to escort Mrs.
I Helen M. (»ougar from her hotel, and they
I presented the distinguished lady to the
audience. The guast of honor made a
brief address in her characteristic keen
and vigorous style, in the course of which
she stated that party spirit is the greatest
menace to national life, and commended
the single-tax men and those who favor
T>roportional representation, saving that
they were among the truest and most
courteous exponent! of National and po
f' ll reform,
the close of the formal programme.
? was a season of hand-shaking, in
h the white-ribbon lidies vied with
other in doing honor to the weil
vn lecturer.
HOG RANCHES MAY STAY.
Supervisors Have Postponed
Action in the Matter for
Six Months.
Attorneys for the Owners Claim That
No Nuisance Exists at Bay
View.
The Health and Police Committee of tho
Board of Supervisors at its meeting yester-
day decided to recommend the postpone
ment of action on the petition of the Bay
View residents, who want the hoe ranches
removed from< that district. The last meet
ing of the committee was given to listen
ing to the arguments of thf property-own
ers, and yesterday the members listened to
the ranchers, who were represented by At
torneys Grr&ysoß and Mogan.
These lawyers asserted that the ranches
were rot a nuisance; that they
were situated on land overflowed frp-
quently by the tides, and that as a matter
of fact the section was not at all suitable
for residence purposes and not likely to be
utilized as such. They claimed that the
district was more than usually healthful.
Healt Inspector Kinney was of an en- I
tirely different opinion. He denied that
the ranches were on tide lands, and stated
that on his last trip to the neighborhood
he had seen the carcasses" of four hops that
had died and were left by the ranchers to
rot and taint the air. He declared that the
filth from the pens wa3 let in the open to
be bak'd by the sun, and that at times the
stench was almost unbearable.
The attorneys for the ranchers suggested
that the odors might come from Butcher
town, but Mr. Kinney COmbatted any such
idea, saying that he was thoroughly fa
miliar with Butchertown stenches, which
he could, if necessary, divide into sixteen
distinct classes.
The committee discussed the matter,
Supervisor King claiming that to remove
the ranches would be to kill the. industry
in the vicinity and work a hardfl ip on
many poor people who had invested their
all in tli*"- business.
Supervisors Morganstern and Dunker j
fcjp-eed with King, while Benjamin and :
l)imond took the vie.v that the ianche3
were a nuisance that should tie al atei. A
motion to lay over for six months was
carrie 1 by the votes of King, Morganstern
;m<i Dunker.
The San Francisco News Letter is rec
ognized as the; leading weekly journal of
this coast. Arthur McEwen and other
leading writers contribute regularly to its
editorial columns, and the articles therein
coverall the lending topics, of interest of
the hour. A new department has lately
been started called 'Ilmtle: Down, which
consists of witty and sarcastic comment
upon the happenings in the world at large.
The Town Crier lays his lash with old
lime vigor upon the backs of rascals and
frauds in nil walks of life, and tie other
departments are brighter and newsier than
ever. The San Francisco News Letter has
lately been issuing a series of -. beautiful
half-tone engravings entitled i Picturesque
San Francisco, showing the City's prettiest
spots. Plate 4of this series appears in this
week's' issue. Music ;- and 'the play are
touched upon cleverly and candidly in the
department of Pleasure's Wand.
STAR SUFFRAGISTS HERE
Miss Anna Shaw and Miss Mary
Garrett Hay Arrive From
the East.
TO OPEN THE CAMPAIGN.
Conventions of Education Will Be
Held in Each County Next
Month.
Miss Anna Shaw, vice-president at larce
of the National Woman's Suffrage Asso
ciation, arrived in the City direct from
j Chicago last night. She was accompanied
! by Mi.-'S Mary Garrptt Hay, one of the Na
i tional organizers of the same body.
The object of these ladies in visiting Cal
ifornia at this time is to inaugurate and
carry forward a campaign throughout the
! State in favor of the constitutional amend
-1 nient that to be voted upon at the fall
i election granting suffrage to women. It is
; Intended that each of the fifty-four coun-
I ties shall be visited and 8 two-day conven-
tion held so that these ladies with others
may enlighten tho voters why woman
should be granted the ballot.
Miss Shaw and Miss Hay were met at
Sacramento by Miss Lucy Anthony, a
niece of Miss Bosan B. Anthony, who
has been in the City for a month past, and
Him Harriet Cooper. Miss Shaw and Miss
Anthony will lie the guests of Mrs. A. A.
Sargent, 1690 Folsom street, while in the
City.
Miss Shaw wili make h?r first public ap
pearance at Stanford University Sunday
before the students of that institution.
She will speak in the new Native Sons'
Hal! in this City Monday evening on the
rabiect, "'The New Man."
Miss Hay will make her headquarters
while in the City at the Berkshire. She
comes direct from New York City, al
though her home is in Indianapolis. Her
father, Andrew Hay. is a promi:iont poli
tician and Ma«on there. He has been a
National Hank Kxaminer for many years,
but was removed by I'resident Cleveland.
Miss Hay i» a most affable woman to
meet, and strikes one as a woman of force
and character. She is in appearance very
much Hkc Miss Shaw, but somewhat
younger. She was connected with the W.
('. T. I*, work of her native Stale for seven
yean, serving for some time as State
treasurer. Sne will have charge of one of
the two sories of meetings that will he
conducted simultaneously beginning April
6 at San Diego.
Mias Harriet Mills of Syracuse, N. V.,
who will come out during the month, will
conduct the other s-eries. Misa Elizabeth
V. Yates of Maine will arrive nere about
the same time and will accompany Miss
Shaw. She is one of the National lecturers
of the association.
Miss Hay will make her first public ap
pearance in California before the Alameda
County Suffrage Club, at the Altany Ho
tel, Mon lay afternoon at 2:30. She will
speak In the Armory Hall, Alameda,
Thursday afternoon at the same hour.
The glories of this State tilled Mist Hay
with enthusiasm.
"It was the grandest sight of my life."
said she, "to emerge from the snow and
cold of December into the warmth and
balmy air of June to-day. The change
was so sudden that I could n.ot realize it at
first. We had been plowing along through
ice and snow for hours', indeed days, when
all of a sudden we were in the warmth
and sunshine, surrounded on all sides
with all kinds of fruit trees in full bloom.
It :s much farther across the continent by
travel than when you look at it on the
map, but it pays one to take the journey
now to enjoy that >rrand scene as we saw
it to-day, I for the firs; time. I have never
been farther west before than Denver."
The National headquarters of the
Woman's Suffrage Association is in Phila
delphia, where Miss Rachel A very, as cor
responding secretary, has charge of the
office. The headquarters of the California
association is at l«J30 Folsom street, where
Mrs. A. A. Sargent, the State president and
ex-officio National vice-president, resides.
She, with Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, the head
of the joint campaign committee, have
charge of this series of county conventions.
Miss Susan B. Anthony, president of the
National association, will arrive in the
City to-day from Los Angeles, where she
has stopped a couple of days en route from
the East. She will assist in the county
conventions to some exent, although it is
expected she will remain in the City the.
greater part of the time directing the
movements of her co-laborers.
The cities and towns tn bo visited by these
ladirs, with the dates of the conventions,
wrieh is subject to a few changes, is as
follows :
San Monday and Tuesday, April 6
and 7. Miss Hay.
Sania Ana— Tuesday and Wednesday, 7th and
Bth, Miss Jlills. • -
Los Aiiuoles— Wednesday and Thursday, Bth
and 9th, Mi>s Anthony.
Santa Thursday and Friday, 9th
and 10th, Miss Mills, v
- Ventura— Friday and Saturday, 10th and
llih, Miss Hay. '
Riverside— Sunday and Monday, 12th and
13th, Mies Mills.;
c ai: Bernardino— Tuesday and Wednesday
14th and 15th, Miss Hay. .
Bakcrslield— ihursday and Friday, 16th and
17th. Miss Mills.
Visalln— Friday and Saturday, 17th and 18th,
Miss Hay. ■ v--s"C : v "■';-'■ '■, . .
Tulnre— Saturday and Sunday; 18th and.l9th.
Him Mills. • •
Hanford— Monday and Tuesday, - 20th and
21st, Miss Hay. .' : . ■ :..
Fresno — Tuesday ' and Wednesday, 21st and
22d, Miss Mills.
Madera— Wednesday and Thursday, 22d anil
23d, Miss Hay.,;
. Thursday and Friday, 23d and 24th
Miss Mills. . :-.•■ , - •
Modesto— Friday and Saturday, 24th and
20th. Miss Hay.
Stockton— '■- and Monday, 26th and
27th, Miss Mills. - -■<--
, ■ - Sacramento— 28tb, Miss Hay. .
Pls'evada City— Wednesday, 2!) th, Miss Mills.
Auburn — Thursday, 30th, and Friday, May
1. Miss Hay.
Yuba City— Friday and Saturday, Ist and
2d, Miss MilK
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Property-Ownerg Indignant Over As
sessments for the Lyon-Street
Sewer.
The regular monthly meeting of the Pre
sidio Heights Improvement Club was held
last evening with President George R. San
derson in the chair.
Andrea Sbarboro denounced the pro
posed assessment of Presidio Heights prop
erty for the purpose of enlarging the
Lyon-street sewer. He said that the sewer
would benefit only the Fair property at
Greenwich and Union streets, and that only
that property should bear the expense.
The Fairs had, he said, bought the prop
erty for a song and could well afford to
bear the expense of necessary improve
ments, which doubtless had been figured
on at the time of thepurchase.
Others agreed with Mr. bbarboro, and
Secretary B. E. Severns was instructed to
draw up a formal protest to be presented to
the Supervisors. A list was circulated for
signatures to the protest and forty names
were secured.
The caib also resolved to petition the
Supervisors to erect an electric-light mast
at Maple and Sacramento streets; to grade
First avenue to S per cent, so that bitumen
may be laid as ordered, and to erect a
modern school house on the lot owned by
tne City on Clay between Walnut
nd l.aurel, the site of the old Clay-street
School.
AT WORK BY DISTRICTS
In the Fourth Primaries Are
Referred to the County
Committee.
The Republican Committee of the
Fifth District Will Act
TcDay.
The regular Republican Congressional
Committee of the Fourth District held a
meeting yesterday afternoon at the ottice
of the National Ice Company, 327 Market
street, and organized by electing C. C.
Bemis c lairman hud Louis Pockwitz sec
retary. All of the seven members of the
committee were present.
After organization, a discussion of so me
length on the course demanded by the best
interests of the party followed. The result
of the discussion was the unanimous
passage of a resolution by which, in the
interest of fairness and harmony, power
was delegated to the Republican County
Committee to conduct the primaries for
delegates to the State convention under its
supervision.
The returns are to be forwarded to the
Congrrs ional committee, who will can
vass the same as a returning board, and is
sue credentials to those entitled to seats in
the conven 1 ion.
In cases where contests arise the con
testants ffimt present their claims with
such proofs as they may have ;o the secre
tary at his ortice, at the northwest, corner
of Turk and Taylor streeis, live days be
fore the day upon which the convention
meets in Sacramento.
The Congressional ' committee of the
Fifth District, elected at the meetine in
Redwood City day before yesterday, will
meet for organization and action at 2 p. m.
in the law clilce of John E. Richards, in
the Crocker building.
A large delegation from the Repnblican
Club of the Xhirty-Jiflli District, headed
by Chairman F. V. Northup, called last
evening at tlie headquarters of John D.
Spreckels, at 8.">0 Market street, and ten
dered their congratulations ana their as
surances of support and co-operation in
the light for clean politics and Republican
success, which Mr. Spreckels is leading.
This club is one of the largest in the City,
numbering about WO members among
whom are a great number of the leading
Republicans residing in the Mission, and
its roll is rapidly increasing.
Tlieie will be another meeting of the
Third District Congressional Committee
this afternoon in the Hobart building on
Market street.
EXPLAINING PLANS.
Architects Appear liefore the Board of
Supervisor**.
The Board of Supervisors met as a com
mittee of the whole last evening to exam
ine and hear explanations of those plans
for a building on the site of the old City
Hall which had not been recommended by
the Municipal Buildings Committee.
Nearly the full board was present, and it
was evident the business in hand was not
considered either serious or important.
Each archittct was called, and while bis
plans were shown to the board he ex
plained them ; each was given fifteen mm
NEW TO-DAY.
FREE
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREE
With. Our
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
i
: Onr 50c Teas ...Cost 75c elsewhere !
' 1 Our 40c Tea5..".. ...... ......C05t 60c e15ewhere j
; Our 35c Tea5....... ....Cost 50c elsewhere
j Out 30c Tea5....... Cost 40c elsewhere j
i Our 25c Teas Cost 35c elsewhere j
I Our 20c Teas ..Cost 30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN: AWAY.
I Great American imDOTtifli Tea Cd/s
1344 Market St., S. P.
mm^ ?-. 965 Market St., S. F.
fi!7rs4Kßt£y 140 sixth St.. S. F.
• ISUEfcatV^ 017 Kearnv St., S. F.
I )%gly mm T 1419 Polk St., 5. F.
j 521 Montgomery ave., S. P.
! inA ...,, 333 Hayes St., F.
mfIPIFY- I4fi Ninth St., 5. F.
muni. i 218 Ihird at., 5. F.
1 m .iiiiia 2008 Fill more St., 5. P.
flAVlrlii 2SIO Mission St.. S. F.
I OnVlllU 3006 Sixteenth st., S. P. ;
A _-Ar>r-/% 104 Second St.. S. F.
RTflrttS' 3259 Mission St., S. P.
O I 11 1 1 1 9 • s2 Mar ket flt . f s. p.
! j^^«^— -_ 917 Broadway, Oakland. ; }
: JCTJ^^^Sjj" * 1053 Washington st., Oak' d. !
rafllaSyyfef 131 San Pablo ave., (akl'd.
I IMJ3"**^ 616 I:. elf th st, Oakland.
' 1355 Park St., Alameda.
TRY OUR
Money-Saving Prices) IAA i-
■* at OUR * v I 111 I A In , . i .
Money-Saving: Stores) IVV Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
KO SPECIAL DAY. i
« Pure and Sure."
BAKBMG POWDER.
Every ingredient used in making Cleveland's bak-
ing powder is plainly printed on the label, information
not given by makers of other powders. T
•Recipe book free. Send stamp and address. Cleveland Baking Powder Co., N. Y.
ntes, and before the last one had his say it
was after 10 o'clock.
When tlio last architect had finished the
committee rose and reported and then the
board adjourned. The StiDervisors at the
meeting next Monday will set the time for
a special meeting at which some plan will
be selected.
Died In the Street.
A. Bourgoin, owner of a bookstore at 547
Washington street, died suddenly from pneu
monia in a drugstore at the corner of Kearny
and Washington streets yesterday afternoon.
He was on his way to tne* French" Hospital at
the time of his death. Bouriroin came to this
city from I'aris iv the early sixties, and opened
the store on Washington -.treet, which busi
ness he retained until his death.
AlniHgia'B Revenga.
Cfesar Crespi was found guilty of libel by a
jury in Judge Wallace's court yesterday.
Crespi was accused by G. A.'magia of libeling
him in the Italian pa(>er II Mcssagiero, which
Crespi owns. AlniftKia claimed tbat Crespi had
published an article in which he was desig
nated as a leader of a lawless band similar to
the Mafia. Almapia warned vengeance, and the
jury has given it to him.
NEW TO-DAY. |
It's one of the sights of the
town — our big Hat Department
on a Saturday. You'll see there
your very swe lies dressers —
people who won't pay the exclu-
sive hatter $2 for a hat when
! they can buy the same hat in the
Big Store's Big Hat Department
and see a larger assortment and
newer goods at
—95c—
More 6f that new Spring Hat,
the Tourist, in wide and medium
width brims. Very clever goods,
in cedar, otier, silver gray, hazel,
tobacco and black. Very swell
styles. Just what the exclusive
hatter taxes you $2 for.
. In our big Hat Department at
—95c—
RAPHAEL'S
. INCORPORATED*.
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11. 13, 15 Kearny Street
NEW TO-DAY -AMUSEMENTS.
" MECHANICS' PAVILION.
MARCH 13. 14 and 15,
I-i.AJDr.ESf
BICYCLE TOURNAMENT!
STAR LADY RIDERS OF THE WORLD
J MISSES FAftNESWORTH, PETERSON and
I MACK, ot Minneapolis, Chicago New York
City, and MISSES WEST and WORTH, of
..; California, will compete for
THE THOUSAND DOI LAB
(S1OOO) CASH PRIZE
And the Championship of the World.
Admission— Afternoon, 25c; Evenings, 50c.
GRAND OPENING.
SUTRO
CONEY
ISLAND!
SATURDAY - - - - MARCH 14,
-.;.'■••;.' AT 3 O'CLOCK P. M.
SATURDAY EVENING AT 7:30,
GRAND ATHLETIC EXHIBITION
j BY THE OLYMPIC CLUB. /
I Concert by tMSMaa'l California Expo-
: : • • ; sition Band; -
Admission. 15 C ':"■: Baths, 25c.
LECTURE
REV. ANNA H. SHAW.
ÜBJECI .......... ..."THE NEW MAN"
; ; NATIVE SONS' HALL, ;
i Mason Street, near Post. ' MONDAY,
! ; March 16, at 8 P. M.
: ADMISSION ' 50c, including re«e-Ted
seats. earn can be secured March 14
1 and March 16.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
miCOLAfiOLS/jOTTLQD « q>- Us«3A.no runwtßi- •
A GREAT I THIS H|
MATINEE I AFTERNOON
Everybody "Will Go to See
MR. EUGENE O'ROURKE in
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN!"
The Great JOHN L, SULLIVAN,
The Celebrated PADDY RYAN,
The Famous PARSON DA VIES.
Monday Kvg. Next— Hoyt's "A TEXAS STEER."
(tAuroiwiftsr
«•'«■
2 Weeks, beginning Monday, March 16
••SOMKTHr.NO new rXP^I! the sun."
First Time Here of the I'lcturesque Komantlo
Comedy,
"CAPT. IMPlieiFor "MEXICO!"
By Edwin .Miltpn Koyle.
Management of Arthur C Alston.
Carload of Special Scenery, Costumes,
Calcium Light*. Properties and Ktt"ect».
Seatft Now Selling.
Matinee I hoyt-s
To-day. A «- IT „
To-night, A MILK
Sunday WHITE
And All ri apt
Next Week. FLAG I
K&~ Regular Performance Sunday Night
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Kksksti.ne Krklino, Proprietor & Manager
—LAST NIGHTS! —
rp OK rj»
DE3C THE MERRY OPERA, -XX
S".THEHOOLAII!";
CD BRIGHT MUSIC! O
Xj ••THE COUNTKV BAND." Xj
jA. - Lovely Costume:*!- jSK.
T-^ Beautiful fc'cenety! 13C
"A Trip Through the Midway Plaisance."
MONDAY EVENING-
"jyTAH.XI' AJT.A. !"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOr;.
ORPHEUM.
O'FurreU Btreeu Between Stoclctoa na.i Pav^i:.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday). MARCH 14.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, lOoj
• Children, 10c, any part.
I MORE EXTK.4ORDI.fARY ATTRACTIONS
NEW TO SAN EKAN CISCO!
CIIAS. DB. -%7«7--A.3FLX>,
The Famous -iujjer, Song- writer and Monoiogulgt,
IHt ATMOS FAMILY,
The Greatest Acrobatic Quintet In the World.
Return Kngagement. for One WeeK Only, of
RACttBL WALKbR,
The Celebrated Creole Nightingale,
! And Our Peerless Vaudeville Company.
crover's ALCAZAR.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
10-NIGHT AT 8
Positively Last Two Performance* of
"THE MIKADO !"
And Farewell Appearances of
W. T. CARLLTON
In an Francisco.
Prices— Nißht, 75c, sOc, 35«, 25c, 150.
3latinee. .">.»(•, :;.".i-, •.'."»«■. 15c.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbiedlan iikh, Gottlob Co., Les3ee3<&Managart
GRAND MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
The Greatest of All Musical Events. ■
The World- Renowned Wacnerian Singer, ,
MADAME AMALIA MATERNA,
And the Great Bohemian Violinist,, '
HERR FRANZ ONDRICEK.
ISIDORE LL'CKSTONE, Pianist.
Farewell Concert To-morrow (Sunday)
.• ight.
Seals on sale to-day at the Auditorium.
Monday Next— The Weird, ■ Mysterious ANNA
EVA FAY. , - -
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTKK MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
' THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, ; j
Grand Production, After Weeks of Preparation, of
the Incomparable English Success,
"THE SILVER KING
Without a Solitary Exception
"The Greatest Drama of the Century."
f.VKNIxra I'kic*-*— 25c an! .133.
Pamlly Circle and Gallerr. 10a. ■■ .
Usual .Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AND TRIP THE TROLLEY!
Afternoon and Evening.
TAKE IHE CHILDREN TO-DAY 1
To-morrow (Sunday) Afternoon
EMIL MARKEBERG
Will Make a New and Novel Balloon A|.
: cension and Parachute Drop, .Liberat-
ing Carrier 1 igeons.- .
FIREWORKS ST. PATRICK'S NIGHT.
ADMISSION .., 10 CENTS.
Children (Including Merry-Go- Round Ride). 100.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
F EDEKICK WAi'DE.
MATINEE TODAY (Popular Prices), "Julius
Caesar' 1 : to-night (farewell performance), "Damon
and Pythias." Choice seats on s no.
Next Monday— Maierna&Ondricelc Seats ready
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
: (Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION SI.OO.
Take Southern trains at Third and Tow»
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. u.
Fare t for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track. : : •
r A. B. SPP.BCKELa. W. 8. LEAKS
President. Secret wry.
78
DR. BROWN'S FATE
IN THE BALANCE.
The Council's Sacret Session
Leans to Condemna
tion,
DR. POND'S BOMBSHELL.
A Strong Vote on the Grave
Charge of Intimidating a
Young Lady.
MATTIE QUIETLY DEPARTS.
The Pastor Made a Dramatic Argu
ment in Defense— A Verdict
Expected To-Day.
Dr. .Brown's twenty judges went into
executive . session yesterday afternoon at
2::-:0 o'clock, and for nearly eight hours
(straggled with the knotty prohloms which
they were called upon to adjudicate with
that wisdom and conseienciousness with
which they themselves would like to be ad
judged.
Last night at 10:30 o'clock they ad
journed to meet this morning at 10. They
declared that r.o conclusion had been
reached as to whether the pastor is guilty
as charged. It was evident from their reti
cent manner that the subject of their con
sideration bore heavily upon them.
Not one of Dr. Brown's ecclesiastical
brethren but bore a look on his face of in
tense sorrow and in some instances a look
of extreme sadness. They seemed to ap
preciate the fact that i)r. Brown's life, as
that gentleman often expressed it, was in
their keeping to do with it as they willed.
If an unfavorable conclusion was reached
it meant the utter ruin of the accused pas
tor. On the other I, and, a partial exoner
ation would surround him with an atmos
phere which would cling to him the bal
ance of his days. Should a verdict of ac
quittal be handed in they appreciated the
fact that not a few would be willing to cry
"whitewash!"
Altogether Dr. Brown's brethren recog
nized the weight upon them, and no belter
evidence of this can be found than that
they labored for nearly eight hours and
then announced that they had determined
nothing.
Immediately after retiring to the library
Dr. McLean called the' council to order
and then in plain though terse language
omiined the work before tnem. Just what
happened at the afternoon session is not
definitely known, but it may be said, as
coining from one who claims to know, that
the entire case was briefly reviewed, not
with a view of reaching a verdict in so in
formal a way, hut rather with the idea of
refreshing the minds of the council as to
the et.rl:er details of the scandal.
Miss Overman's explanation of the in
criminating Ovcrman-Tunnoll letters was
discussed at great length. Some few mem
bers of the council were outspoken as to
their belief of the truth or falsity of her
Btory. Others had become impressed with
the fact that whatever else had cone before
Dr. Brown's chief witness had in this in
stance at least related a plausible tale.
Then the evidence of Mrs. Thurston was
canvassed, as well as that of Mrs. Barton,
Mr. Bickford and the widow Stockton.
This last lady's statement, evidently
told by her with keen relish, was not con
sidered by the council as worthy of belief.
They did not, however, hold Dr. Brown
entirely blameless for certain details con
nected with Mrs. Stockton's first appear
ance in the church. It wa3 argued that
the pastor would have been much nearer
his duty had he told his wife of that first
impassioned kiss voluntarily offered by
the winsome widow and involuntarily re
ceived by him. This was not considered
7'articularly non-ministerial, for the one
reason, probably, that the osculation was
not of his own seeking, but the fact that he
waited nearly one month before recount
ins this episode to his better half was con
sidered at least a mistake of judgment.
At 6 o'clock the council took a tem
porary recess, coming together again
one hour later. As the reverend
gentlemen fiied out of the Mason-street en
trance, en route to the hotel, reporters
vainly sought to learn something of the
proceedings. Dr. McLean merely put nis
linger to his lips and passed on. The
other members of the council toot the cue
and did likewise.
The evening session was productive of
something tangible in the way Dr. Brown's
judges feel concerning the evidence intro
duced against him. Enough was said and
done to show that the council thought Dr.
Brown guilty of un-ministerial conduct, if
nothing more.
The layman from Stockton introduced a
resolution in effect that Dr. Brown was
guilty of unministerial conduct in the
charge of intimidation brought by a young
lady member of the church. " Thirteen
members voted for this expression ot opin
ion, for such it was, for the reason that the
council will take no definite action until
Midi charge has been thoroughly sifted to
the bottom.
Rev. Mr. Rader, Mr. McKee and Dr.
Williams spoke at great length on tnis
subject. Dr. Williams said Dr.' Brown had
come to him soon alter this matter became
public property and toid him the whole
s-tory. He personally did not think that
the accused man meant actually to in
limidate the young woman, but rather to
urge upon her a suspension of judgment
in his o'.vn case. Mr. Scudder and Dr.
lioyi also took part in the general debate,
the latter claiming that inasmuch as Dr.
Brown had apologized to tne young lady,
the matter sh uld be allowed to to at that.
Dr. Freeland, however, took quite another
* i*-w of the ea^e.
He said that Brown only added insult
to injury in commenting in any way on
the visit of the young woman to" tho
church and her subsequent inspection of
the organ. When tins witness had ap
peared be ore the council, the reverend
gentleman said, she had shown herself to
be rnodesi and unassuming, and one upon
whote character not a breath of suspicion
had ever rested. J)r. Kreeland added that
one lady had said to him that people were
more angry over that matter than any
thing else.
Then another rote was taken on the in
timidation matter, and it was voted as the
sense of the council that the accused pas
tor's conduct on this, occasion was. in a
«-nse, unministcrial. This action of the
council is not to be considered final, but
merely a means of getting things in shape
for to-day's work.
K<*v. Ur. Pond surprised his brethren by
offering a supplementary motion to the
effect that Dr. Brown's conduct on this oc
casion was unbecoming that of a Christian
gentleman. Mr. Barker, who had voted
on the previous question, asked the privi
lege of withdrawing his vote. He thought
tbat it the matter was brought to the at
icntion of Dr. Brown in this way it would
Lc of lasting benefit to him.
ilev. -Mr. Hatch, who had voted against
the original motion, f.-*n r e another little
surprise wh n he declared with much ear
nestness that, though lie was opposed to
tiie council taking tiie action suggested by
Dr. Pond, he personally felt that Dr.
Brown, in this one case at least, had been
uneentlemanly, unmanly and unministe
rial. This opinion, however, would not
cause him to vote, in this one matter at
lea^t, with the majority.
The case of Mrs. French, or more, cor
rectly speaking, the Turkish tea episode,
was next considered. The council was not
at all certain as to just how much imuor
anoe should be attached to this affair.
Some were of the opinion that it should
he eliminated entirely from the proceed
ings of the body, while others contended
that The charges were vital to the general
accusation of unministerial conduct. At j
this point further discussion of the matter |
was postponed until to-day. The balance I
of the evening was spent in reviewing j
what had be^n accomplished since the j
council had gone into executive session I
and formulating plans for reaching, if pos- j
Bible, a speedy conclusion to-day.
Miss Martha Overman has given a sur- i
prise to her friends and members of the
council by a hasty departure for Southern
California. Her objective point is said to
be Los Angeles, but as Mrs. Tunneli is
known to be on the Mexican side of the
border, it is thought that she is making
straight for the arms of her aged friend.
The sisrnih'cance of this movement fol
lowing on the heel* of the close of the case
is not fully understood at present. It is
generally thought, however, to secure an
affidavit of some character from Mrs. Tun
neli, return it by mail to the City, but to
keep herself alool from the courts of justice
and possibly Grand Jury proceedings.
Miss Overman left on her soutliern trip
Thursday afternoon at 5 o'clock, but her
absence from the City was not related by
Dr. Brown to any one until to-<!ay. The
council was kept'in absolute ignorance of
her departure.
At the close of Dr. Brown's address to
the council yesterday a most unusual
scene occurred. His partisans and a few
of those who have bitterly opposed him
sent forth yells of applause, shouted all
sorts of congratulations, waved their hats,
handkerchiefs ami parasols, and behaved
in a generally unseemly manner. One ex-
Dr. Brown Receiving the Congratulations of Friends on the Close of His Argument.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
cited citizen shouted the name of Dr.
Brown as a possible Mayorality candidate,
his speech being received with loud and
prolonged applause. D:. Brown was im
mediately surrounded with a host of
friends who assured him of their confi
dence and congratulated him on his mag
nificent oratorical effort.
Deacon Morse said last night that Pastor
Brown was greatly overcome by his exer
tion of the morning, and had been forced
to take to his bed.
DR. BROWN'S ARGUMENT.
He Caused a Number of Women
and Old Men to Shed
Tears.
Dr. Brown made the speech of his life
yesterday forenoon before the council.
It was the speech of his life because it
was on behalf of bis life as a minister of
the gospel, and, as was expected, it was
characteristically picturesque. Strong
lights and shadows passed across its skill
fully woven web. In the drama which he
was reciting there were sunshine, clouds,
thunder and rain.
The sun shone when he spoke of himself,
of his unspotted record as a minister of .
the Congregational church; and the rain
fell from his eyes when he begged the i
council not to believe the wicked and per- j
jured witnesses against him, but to re- :
] member not only his own innocence but
that of his grown-up sons in the East, his
devoted wife andhis sorrowing parents.
Young women and old women and old
men shed tears when his words began to
flow, but they were his partisans. The \
eyes of half his audience were dry, cold,
skeptical and hard.
A paid attorney could not have pleaded j
better for Dr. Brown than did Dr. Brown .
i himself. He overlooked no point either j
| within or without the evidence brought be- :
I foie the council. He introduced alleged |
j evidence in his speech, prefacing its intro
, auction with the statement that his argu
| ment to the council should be considered '
ias testimony under oath. Thus, he de- I
! cared that the retail saloon-keepers were !
i seeking to destroy him and had collected
I a fund for that purpose, some of which
j fund- he /"believed" (and doubtless under
oath) "had be^nused, by the way in which
i I have been maliciously maligned in the
I public newspapers of this City.
His slap at a venerable and respectable
lady member of his congregation and at
her daughter was greeted with approving i
smile 3by his Christian friends, male and '
I female, when he remarked that Mrs. Stock
ton had entered the council chamber "with
appropriate escort." Her escort on that i
occasion were Mrs. Cooper and her daugh- j
ter Hattie.
It stormed and thundered in the stento- j
rian tones of outraged innocence when the
speaker told the council what wicked I
women Mrs. Stockton and Mrs. Davidson |
were, and what magnificent liars were Mrs.
Barton. Mrs. Thurston and other wit- i
nesses against him, who had vilified him ■
and persecuted trim for months.
It was remarked as an appropriate sequel i
to this characteristic speech that one of !
his gray-haired admirers should have nor- I
mated him a<« a candidate for the mayor- j
alty of San Francisco, thus mintrling reli- i
gion, perjury, scandal and politics in one !
unsavory stew.
The doctors argument, or very copious i
longnand notes of the same, were in a i
manuscript which the doctor held in his I
hand and consulted at frequent intervals, j
He began by informing the council that j
the trial was one of the most remarkable
that had taken place in the history oi Con- J
gregationali^m, and that the same could [
be said of the council. Then he said that j
it was his province to plead before the j
council that lie might be permitted to live. !
The council had been called for the pur- I
pose of ascertaining the truth of certain
grave charges which had been made ]
against him primarily by two individuals i
and "taken up and iterated and reiterated
with strange intensity and persistence by
the great daily newspapers of this cosmo
politan City."
"These charges were made." he repeated,
"by two women, both of whom on their
owu sworn testimony, one in your presence
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1596
and the other in the Police Court, are
utterly unworthy of credence. These
charges were made by one of those women
only after she had been arrested and placed
in jail for extortion, and were made against
the man who had caused her arrest, and
by the other woman after she had^ been
publicly accused of an attempt to commit
blackmail, and they were made against the
man who had dared to expose her."
Dr. Brown recalled the words of Judge
Campbell, who, when holding Mrs. David
son to answer, said that it was the very
essence of blackmail that the blackmailer
will lie and swear to her lies to blacken
the character of her victim. And she will
have a story definite and specific ready to
tell to the community if he dares at any
stage to resist her demand upon him.
The speaker proceeded to comment upon
the life and character of the woman, to
whom he referred as Mrs. Davidson, Mrs.
Pierce, Mrs. Buck, Miss Abbott and Mrs.
Mary A. Sturgis, some of which names, he
said, were legitimate and some of which
were illegitimately gained. He raked up
everything of her alleged career that had
been published in the newspapers, but he
did not say that the newspapers had ma
liciously maligned Mrs. Davidson as he
had said that they had maliciously ma
ligned him. On the contrary, he did not
mention the newspapers at all in connec
tion w:th ttio alleged record of that pious
and gray-haired chanter of psalms.
The attention of the council was next
called to the series of Overman-Tunnell
loners and the Overman-Davidson letters,
whose contents were spoken of as tending
to corroborate Miss Overman's testimony,
to the effect that she, at Mrsi Davidoon's
instigation, had rewritten and remodeled
the original letters for the purposes of the
conspiracy between them.
Dr. Brown laid stress upon the proposi
tion that in one series of letters Miss Over
man speaks of him in terms of respect ana
in the other series in terms of disgust and
reprobation. The letters written by Mr<=.
Davidson to Miss Overman at the same
period aivi a Jthe very time that Mrs. Da
vidson declared that the doctor was con
1 fessing to her a series of violations of the
seventh commandment sliow that Mrs.
; Davidson entertained for Dr. Brown the
: highest possible respect, speaking of him
! as '"truly called of Uo;i to do a great work
in the church in San Francisco, and a man
j tilled with the Holy Ghost." He was not
in those letters anywhere referred to as
■ "an old reprobate 1 ' by Mrs. Davidson.
Dr. Brown instanced the tone of his own
letters to Miss Overman, partly extending
over the same period, as a proof that no
illicit relations existed between him and
her. In connection with this matter the
doctor remarked tbat any nian who would
be fool enough to have illicit lov<»3 would
be tool enough to write illicit letters. He
asked the council whether they considered
his letters to Miss Overman love letters or
were they what upon their face they pur
ported to be — letters of advice on literary
and spiritual matters.
These slanders, continued the doctor, in
a burst of indignation, were circulated
against a man who had led a spotless life
for forty-eight years; "who had never been
known as a ladies' man and who l.ad rather
been regarded and remarked upon as an
icicle among women."
The speaker proceeded in his argument
to contend that the theory of his guilt
came into collision wit h all the admitted
facts of the case. 'Ihe specific charges
against him by Mrs. Davidson were
five in number: First, adultery with Miss
Overman; second, that his crime was com
mitted on November 24, 1894; third, that '
it was committed at a certain specified
place, namely, the corner of Sixth and
Bryant Btreeta in this City; fourth, that
that place was a lodging-house; and fifth,
that that lodging-house was kept at that
time by one Jane Elizabeth Badain.
Here were live specific allegations cap- !
; able of being proved or disproved. No at- |
i tempt even had been made before the j
j council to prove them, he said.
Dr. Brown in commenting favorably
; upon the testimony of Detective Keymour
referred to him with much apparent fervor
i as "that Roman Catholic, Detective Sey
: moor, who, during these months of trial,
i has been a second brother to me."
Dr. Brown made a very ingenious argu
: ment as to the reason why he paid Mrs.
Davidson $500 on demand and why he :
had refused to pay anything to Mrs. Stock- |
ton. He cited the fact that Mrs. Stockton j
was her own only witness. She was not
backed up by a white-haired woman be
i lieved to be a sincere Christian person and i
! of good standing in the church as Mrs. '
Davidson was. When he turned Mrs. I
; Stockton's lawyer out of his house he had !
: not ni3de so many enemies, except Dy his
1 position on the public school question, but
that enmity was not personal. The church
of Rome was not friendly to his course,
; but he would say that members of that
church had given him personal assurances
of their sympathy and help in this trial.
He added :
In the midst of all the vicious, malignant
and slanderous articles ever written about me
the Monitor has been silent, and there is a
significance in that which 1 shall not now at
tempt to explain.
He should forever honor the men who
had been able so completely to bury their
prejudices and forget their pride and to
remember only the elements of common
humanity which bound them to a suffering
man.
Dr. Brown proceeded to argue that pub
lic sentiment was not specially alert and
aroused over crimes against the seventh
commandment at the time Mrs. Stockton's
lawyer visited him and made certain de
mands upon him. That was in Novem
ber, 1894, but in November, 1893, he argued,
there was a totally different set of circum
stances. Mrs. Davidson was believed to
be a noble Christian woman and she pro
fessed to believe the story alleged against
him. He was led to believe at that time
also that there were three women in
league against him, namely, Miss Over
man. Mrs. Baddin and her lodger, who
would swear that he was a guilty man.
That was a formidable array as compared
with the unsupported word of Mrs. Stock
ton.
Public sentiment at that time had been
aroused as it had never been aroused be
fore in San Francisco against the offense
which Mrs. Davidson had alleged aeainst
him because of the North Beach ex
posures. Besides that, he had aroused
the antagonism of large classes of people.
He had made a vigorous canvass among
the residents of his neighborhood to ob
tain their sienatures to a protest which
he had prepared against . the proposed
establishment of a liquor saloon almost in
front of the church door, and he had
thereby incurred the enmity of the
saloon-keepers. He continued:
At'that time I was painfully aware of the
fact that the eyes of every retail liquor-dealer
in the community were upon me, aud that a
larjre sum of money was lodged with those
j liquor-dealers to be used against me in any
j trial in which I might be concerned. I have
j reason to believe that some of that money has
been used by the way in which I have been
maliciously maligned in the public news
papers of this City.
Dr. Brown also mentioned the fact that
at the time he paid Mrs. Davidson the fSOO
a considerable number of members of the
| church were arrayed against him. Mrs.
j Davidson chose her time when he was at
his weakest and when his foes were at the
maximum of their strength. Of all these
things she skillfully reminded him. The
community was in a state of mind ready
to convict any minister accused of a viola
j tion of the seventh commandment, and
! was prepared to accept without proof any
! charge against the pastor of the First Con
! gregational Church.
Mrs. Thurston's statement was com-
I mented upon most severely. She had
i given her testimony with an air of mys
; tery, he said, as if she were keeping back
more than she cared to telJ. Her testi
mony as to Dr. Brown building a tire for
Miss Overman was false, because there was
: neither stove, grafe nor fireplace in the
room, nor any other place in the room
where a fire could be built without bnrn
, ing down the houße. He had no doubt
| that the rest of Mrs. Thurston's story de
: pended as largely upon her imagination
;as that part of her story had. That
, is, ne added, observing a good opening
to get in a whack at the newspapers,
: Mrs. Thurston's imagination, aided by
i the newspapers, which had published
i those matters before Mrs. Thurston had
' testified anywhere, and "aided by a latent
' grudge against the pa.*tor of a rich
church," comprised her testirnonv.
1 Stripped of all imagination, the only truth
■ ful statement that he would admit that she
; had made under oath \\; % s that Miss Over
man and Mrs. Tunnell had told her that
i Miss Overman was in love with Dr. Brown.
Alleged inconsistencies in the testimony
;of Mrs. Barton were taken uj Her story
I that Miss Overman and Mr-, i^tvidjon had
invited her to sleep at Mrs. Davidson's
house on Geary street on the night before
Christmas eve he declared to be palpably
false, becau3e Miss Overman and Mrs.
Davidson hud had a rupture of their
friendly relation* on December 19.
Dr. Brown's grotesque penchant for get
ting funny in the midst of the mots sol
emn things cropped out in his review of
the testimony of Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper.
He alleged ironically that her statements
were as essential to the case as were those
of Mrs. Barton. In the first place, she had
proceeded to affirm that some one had
called her daughter "a pock-marked
thing." Then she had said that Mrs. Tun
nell had left Dr. Brown's house through
the back gate, when the fact was that there
vras no back gate on the premises. Ho
also poked fun at fl familiar stanza quoted
in Mra. Cooper's statement, beginning:
Right forever on the scaffold,
Wroug forever on the throne.
Having read the stanza in elocutionary
style Dr. Brown threw the audience into a
tit of merriment by facetiously pleading
guilty to the charge if Mrs. Cooper had
quoted the stanza as an accusation against
him.
Miss Hattie Cooper's testimony was dis
missed even more flippantly by his remark
that he could not commend anything j
better for Miss Cooper's consideration i
than the motto which she said was hang- i
ing in the Co-operative restaurant:
' PREPARE TO MEET THY GOD. :
Dr. Brown next turned his attention to
the intimation that he was, or had been,
interested in sending Mrs. Tunnell out of
the City and keeping her out of the way.
He flatly denied that he had anything to
do with any conspiracy of that kind. He
would be the happiest man in the world,
he said, if she* would return and testify.
He added:
She left this Citvat the Instigation of Martha
Overman, who had been hepeful that she might
pass through this terriblo ordeal without be
ing obliged to reveal her «.'.vn guilty love for
me.
Tho charges of intimidation preferred by
Mrs. Blanchaid and a young woman of the
congregation, who inspected the big organ
in tbe church, wore taken up next. The
speaker declared that Mrs. Blanc i.ard was
not and never had been a member of his
church, yet she had voted twice on the
"THE SANDS WILL GLOW WiTIl A FERVENT HEAT."
floor of the lecture-room in ihe Brown
matter. She had made a sworn statement
in the preseyce of a notary pubiic one
night, .and when the transcript of the
shorthand reporter's notes of that state
ment were brought to her the next day for
her signature she refused to sign it, alleg
ing as the reason that she desired legal ad
vice.
Then Dr. Brown said to her. "If you in
sist ur>on not signing it, bnt upon going
for advice, I shall consult the police
authorities of this City." Dr. Brown
argued that tnat statement could not, by
any means, be construed as intimidation,
tie also denied that it had been bis mten-
tion to intimidate the young woman,
whom he had seen coming out of the
organ.
With reference to the allegation that he
had done an unministerial act in continu
ing the church relations with Mrs. Stock
ton after the commission of an act that
looked like immorality, the speaker dwelt
upon the fact that on the Sunday follow
ing the Stockton kiss Mrs. Stockton had
begged his pardon, and for months after
ward had conducted herself with the de
corum of a lady. He asked the council
what was there in the forgiveness of one
who has erred that could conflict with the
standing of a minister.
Attention was next called to the arduous
nature of the duties for which he was re
ceiving a salary of $4000 a year. On ordi
nary Sundays, taking the two services to
gether, more than 2000 people stood before
him, he said. Extra addresses had brought
him into* contact with large audiences in
Metropolitan Hall and Odd Fellows' Tem
ple. Men whose names he did not know
had stopped him on the streets, had taken
him by the hand ana thanked him for
those addresses. In spite of the fact that
he was so well known the charge had been
made against him by Mrs. Stockton that
for months and months he used to wait
for her on the street corners with pleasant
propositions to her to spend a lovers'
hour with him on the rock piles of Castro
Heights or on the scrap-iron heaps of
Rincon Hill, and yet nobody of the thou
sands who knew him by sight had been
produced on the witness-stand to say that
they had seen him. If Mrs. Stockton's
story were true, he said, she could bring a
thousand people to prove it. He added :
But, instead of that, Mrs. Stockton, with ap
propriate escort, conies Into this council with
stories of restaurants, etc.
This thrust at Mrs. Cooper and her
daughter, who were Mrs. Stockton's escort
when she came to testify, was greeted
with smiles by the friends of the speaker.
He went on to call attention to Mrs.
Stockton's apparent poverty a short time
ago, and he inquired now it was that since
then, without any visible employment or
compensation, she had. accumulated "a
capital 6O large that from the income of it
site can dress like the daughter of a mill
ionaire and bedeck herself with diamonds
like a queen?"
The peroration of the doctors address
was eloquent and at times pathetic. When
he spoke of his wife, his aged father and
mother and sons in t:*e East, his voice
broke and the tears came. With him
wept his wife and those women members
of his congregation who still believed him
to be innocent of wrongdoing. Referring
to his wife he t^aid: "I was married as
young as Shakespeare, but far more hap
pily than he."
He spoke of his eldest son, a farmer on
the plains of DaVota; the second son, a
minister of the Congregational church in
lowa, and the third, holding a responsible
position in one of the largest dry -goods
houses in the city of Chicago.
"Do you think," he asked, "that I would
wait until this time of life to wreck an
honorable career, to sport with harlots and
to spoil the virtue of a confiding young
woman?"
He spoke in terms of praise and grati
tude of the Jewish woman who bad come
to him with her husband to express their
confidence in Iris innocence. This ex
pression of commendation was followed by
the reading of a letter from the president
of the First National Bank of Kalamazoo
and also trustee of the First Congrega
tional Church of that place speaking in
the highest terms of Dr. Brown as a man
and as a minister of the gospel. Then Dr.
Brown referred to his army record, and
said that he had risked his life more than
once for the preservation of the nation,
and he had imperiled Iris position by ad
vocating unpopular reforms.
He asked whether he, with such an
honorable record-, was the type of a man
who would wait until his gray hairs came
upon him, and he, a grandfather of a
beautiful child, to become guilty of charges
made by two women, one of whom had
left a trail of crime all over the continent,
and the other of whom swore that she has
nothing to lose when she swore to her own
infamy.
His 'home, he said, awaited with bated
breath the decision of the council, and it
was a home which, until now, had no
shadow of suspicion or scandal. His sons
in the East and West, his father and
mother, who had consecrated him to the
ministry before he was .born, awaited the
verdict that would fill. them with new
gratitude to God. If the council should
decide him to be unworthy of his trust ho
would never see again tlie faces of his
father and mother, whose gray hairs
would be stricken down in sorrow ana in
shame to the crave. He asked:
Have you considered what will be the effect
on society if your verdict will be adverse?
Have you considered that in the face of the
greatest odds I have undertaken to battle tor
every man of moans sufficient to make him a
target for blackmail? Ciive me the victory and
the business of the blackmailer throughout
America and throughout the world, for the
story of this thing has crossed the oceans, the
business of the blackmailer in every city on
the globe will receive such a blow as it never
received before.
He closed by likening himself to Xeno
phon's hosts when they came in sight of
the ocean and cried "The sea! the sen!"
So also would he cry in the event of a
favorable verdict "The sea! the sea!"
As the doctor concluded there was a
burst of hand-clapping with cries of
"Hurrah! bravo! bravo!" from the west
side of the room near the door, and when
the clapping had subsided a gray-haired
man arose in his seat and. shouted: "I
nominate Dr. Brown for the next Mayor of
this City. Three cheers for Dr. Brown!"
The cheers were given by the old man,
who possessed the husky, stentorian voice
of an old sea lion on the Cliff House rocks.
The council then took a recess until
2:30 p. m.
NOBLES' MYSTIC SHRINE
A Great Caravan Will Depart
To-Day for Sacra
mento.
Class of Thirty Novitiates Ready to
Meet the Arab Tests of
Courage.
A caravan of Mystic Shriners by decree
from Islam Temple will leave the foot of
Market street at 3 p. M. to-day and by spe
cial trnin be transported to Sacramento,
arriving there at 6p. m. To the Shriners
the Golden Eagle Hotel will resemble "the
shadow of a great rock in a weary land,"
and there they will dine and afterward ad
journ to the Masonic Temple.
Thirty novitiates have been corruled at
the capital, and after the Shriners dine
the awaiting candidates will be put to the
Arab testa of courage.
Some injunctions have been issued, not
against the journey, but for its guidance.
The shriners are thus enjoined: "Wear a
soft hat; bring your fez and jewel; don';
need dress .suits; come sure."
At a recent meeting of the shrine a Sac
ramento committee consisting of Nobles
W. B. Knight, R. P. Burr, Charles M. Col'
lan, W. A. Gett Jr., W. B. Miller, I. J.
Scott, T. W. Heintzelman was appointed
with lull power to "round up" the candi
dales and see that the caravan is started
homeward on schedule time.
The steering committee, consisting of
Imperial Potentate Charles L. Field, Nobles
F. M. Cartan, W. H. P. Titus, John P.
Fraser, C 8. Benedict, J. G. Edmundson
and J. H. Gray will be held responsible
for the proper starting of the caravan and
everything else, including all kicks.
LOOKING FOR KELLY.
An Engineer Who Slipped Away From
His Captors to Escape a Warrant.
The Police Department would like to
know what has become of William Kelly,
an engineer, who lives at 318 Ghenery
street. Kelly was arrested Wednesday
last by Policeman Carson on a charge of
drunkenness, and after having been
charged at the Seventeenth-street ptation
he was transferred to the Central station.
While he was sobering up from the
effects of his debauch his wife appeared at
the Poiice Court and swore out a warrant
charging him with battery. She stated
that previous to his arrest he had beaten
her cruelly, and she wished him sent to
some institution where he could be induced
to mend his ways.
The warrant was issued in due form, but
when it was sent into the prison to b<;
served on Kelly he was not to be found.
His coat was in the cell, but neither him
self nor a Droom he had been sweeping
up with could be found.
Mrs. Kelly stated yesterday that Kelly
had been seen at liberty and was laughing
at the tricK he had played on the prison
Officials. He said that when the "drunk"
squad went out to clean corridors and the
Police Court floors he had gone with them,
and on learning on the outside that a war
rant had been issued for him he had
quietly slipped away from the inebriates
and gone to his usuai haunts to get an-
Other coat.
SUTRO BATHS OPENING.
Elaborate Programme Arranged for
To-I>ay's Festivities.
The programme for the opening day of
the Sutro Baths is as follows:
Exercises beginning- at 2p. K.J Presidentof,
the day, Colonel Taylor; speeches by Colonel
Thomas H. Barne; address by Henry E. High
ton; address by Hon. Adolph Sutro; 3 o'clock, j
batns open for" bathers; concert by Cassassa's
California Exposition band.
KVENING.
Grand athletic exhibition by Olympic Club
with following programme, beginning at 7:30
p.m.: Triple bars by Messrs Belan, Leandro ;
and Rathbun; boxing, Ed Carter and J. Mr-.
Manou and V. Tnurmann; perch act, G.S.
Miehlins and Walter Hoag; wrestling, Spiro i
and Phillips, litiMer and Werz, Armbruster
and Knight; Kingston and Wand; ieneing and
sword contest, Professor L. Tronchet and Cap
tain l)ilt!ttn; ioils, Messrs. Oitionand Lastreto;
tumbling, Messrs. Cook, Toohey, Stalsnian and
McNally ; swimming and diving by members
of the Olympic Club; concert by Cassassa's
California Exposition band.
AFTKRNOoN.
March, inaugural (Cassasa), respectfully dedi
cated to Hon. A. Sutro; grand overture (Heut
ner), festival; grand American selection (Kap
puy). introducing r.opular melodies; dance r la
pigeon (Gilder); gems from "Tro'vatore"
(Verdi); concert waltz (Rosa's "Imnassioned
Dreams"; popular selection, "Robin flood' 1 (De
Koven); march, "King Cotton" (.Sousa).
EVENING.
March, "Marines"' (Hrooke); overture, "Ber
lin in Smiles and Tears'' (Conradi); "Danse
Fantastique" (Le Thiere); operatic selection
(Verdi); waltz, "Espana" (Waldteufel). Inter
mission oi ten minute. Medley, "Metropolis
at night" (Tubani); aong for cornet. "Sei Xich
Bos" (Zeller); gems lrom "Red Hussar" (Paul
Jones Morelli); sjavotte, "Loving Hearts" (Kot
tanu); galop, "The Racer" (Mintidj.
Charles H. Cassava, musiual director.
NEW TO-DAY.
HE CAN SEE
The value of this wardrobe— so can
you if you will look at it. The price
— "our Mission-street price" — is but
$25 for polished oak, with bevel mir- '■
tot. Also have them with oak panel
door instead of Tcirror. They come,
in curly birch, too. AVe don't need
to brag about this wardrobe — it's no ;
more of a "bargain" than all "our '
750 Mission-street prices" are.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
The Power .of Beauty.
i^^^^p><SJjfflE^^^^^ Whether in man or woman, a
HI *wßfflF^i^s JIH of those who behold
Wsk WCimS vimO them. But good health must
ygPjgllr;, TsS[ e 7 e is lusterless > tne cheek pal-
Tflißfflß^- xSffi litl and tne form bent. To get
JHW&BBsk <I^L that elastic step and bright eye i
V«B^\^ -*^ma tlie force ot ' ie nervous system !
, V Dr. Santo must be strong. |
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt |
Is always the tried and true friend of the nerveless man or'
woman. It builds up the nervous and vital organs • when they . :
are weak. .;-:; \ . . ..' : |
DR A T BAVnn tv.. m T ,v COJUR D'ALENE, Idaho, October 22, 1895. j
thai before I mod mr r i, i Slr : X Wlsh you to Publish , to the world, so that all may read, I
and Sousness J^h??ir J, v w , aS *£ run Uowa with spermatorrhea, night losses, lame back
your Belt ?i or ton months ml y Un , aDle to t wo , rkl and also totally impotent. Now, after usine
Dlexlon is ruidv 7.« rt', 7 w l eal ' ne 5 9 , is a " gone, my health has returned and mv com-
very muoh whi{ ?nn? r?f Ux £ ° f b » rd work and am : health v and; happy. ■ I thank you
resi*e«ful v ■ Belt, and good advice have done for me, and beg to remain you« ,
Ito . u>> . . J. A. SNYDER. !
Stacks upon stacks of letters like this are sent to Dr. Sanden j
every year, and many grateful hearts are filled with happiness ;
by the possession of new life and energy from this famous
Electric Belt. If you are weak try it. . Get the book "Three :
Classes of Men," free. . . • :
I
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO. .
Office Hours BA.M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. ' |
v - : r —OPPIOBS AT— v
L .£? ANGELES. CAL. . ,:; . li. PORTLAND, OR. : <
.04 South Broadway. . l.rV, 253 Washington streefc !l
RANK INJUSTICE.
If Other People Knew the Truth
It Might Be Different.
From Weav»rvllle Comes a Not«
of Warning.
TT IS A PITY THAT THERE ARE NOT MORE
i 1 people in this world of ours who are willing
! to let the rest of us benefit by their experiences.
1 When a man knows anything that is for the
; general benefit of his race it is strange that he
j does not see how absolutely unfair it is to keep
! EXPERIENCE, which cannot be bought .with
! money, to himself to the exclusion of all others.
i And yet the men who do this continually are
; to be counted by the thousands. A conspicu-
! ously bright example, though, of those who are
i infinitely more public-spirited and of those
who abhor anything like injustice, Is Mr. S. J.
Baily, the well-known and highly respected
thinker, whose home is now in Marysville.
Like most men occasionally subject to nervous
strain, Mr. Bailey became once the victim of an
insidious disease, which was gnawing at his
very heart's strings, and he was at a loss as to
what it was best to do. That he did the very
best thing possible is now not a matter of doubt,
for he applied to the managers of the great
medical institution which is located in the big
white building at the junction of Market, Ellis
and Stockton streets, and of what was done for
him by the specialists of that grand establish-
ment he speaks in plain terms. And he tells of
what he knows well. Read his letter; it is
right straight to the point: . •
WEAVERVILLE (Cal.), August 8, .1895.
Hudson Medical Institute. San Francisco, Cal.
Gentlemen: I will now state that after two
months' treatment with you that I feel fully re-
stored to health and express my gratitude to
you for your speedy aid. And I will herein
state that any person suffering from any nerv-
• ous disorders would be doing themselves an
absolute injustice not to consult the Hudson
Medical Institute without delay. Publish this
if you like. Yours in health. g BAILEY .
Here is comfort for every nervous man that
there is on earth, for Mr. Bailey was indeed a
sick man when he placed himself unreservedly
in the hands of the clever physicians of the
Hudson Medical Institute, but they have suc-
ceeded, as thousands of others will willingly
testify, in curing all the curable cases which
have been brought to them.
K. C. Taft of Stowe, Cal., writes: "I am feel-
ing fine with not a sign of the disease now."
Mr. A. Burton of Grass Valley says: "The
medicine that I took did me lots of good." '
. Frank Minturn of St. Louis. Mo.: "I have
not felt as well in five years as I do now." i
S.M. Hooker of Los Angeles writes: "I ndw
feel as though I was a cured and a well man."
Letters of thanks of this and similar nai.ire
come by the hundreds every day to the mana-
gers, arid the Hudson Medical Institute is now
recognized as the greatest and grandest cura-
tive establishment in the wide. world. YOU
CAN BE CURED THERE IF YOUR CASE 13
CURABLE. _
All the Follow iijf vMMt Are Curable.
Catarrh ot the head, stomach or bladder: all
bronchial diseases: all functional nervous diseases;
St. Vims' dance; hysteria; shaking palsy; epi-
lepsy: all venereal diseases; ' all kinds of blood
troubles; ulcers; wastes of- vital forces: rheuma-
tism! (tout; eczema: all skin diseases, from what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis: all blood-poisoning;
varicocele"; poison oak; lost or Impaired manhood t
spinal trouble; nervous exhaustion and prostra-
tion; incipient paresis: all kidney diseases: lum-
bago: sciatica: all bladder troubles, dyspepsia?
indigestion; constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating department.
Special instruments for bladder troubles.
These are a few of the special diseases in which
exceptionally remarkable cures have been made by
the specialists, and it may frankly be sta-ed that a
helping hand is extended to every patient.
Circulars and Testimonials of the Great Hudyan
sent free. . • _____
HUDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Sure
Shirts
Sure to fit, sure to ■• J(L
look well, sure to tf^|J[2_____ l
wear well — — the TJ trad*
home-produced I AT T)
STANDARD _\_T>
M SHIRTS. I MARK .
Hj Z3 I I I K, 1 •->. I MARK.'
gj Ask for them. All 1 [fi] ffil
dealers. VNU
H Neustadter Bros., l^J V^
H Mfrs., S. F.
TBESU(Si|FTHE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM.;
-OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. ,
f OI\EX UNTIL MIDNIGHT. !THE CHARGES AGAINST CHASE WERE TRUE.
Prompt Verdict of the Jury
in "The Call" Libel
Suit.
EXPOSURE OF A SCHEME
Architect Chadwick Swore That
Chase Asked Him to Com
mit Perjury.
THE SPEECH BY MR. DELMAS.
A Powerful Argument Reviewing the
Attempt to Build Up a Dam
age Claim.
The $50,000 libel suit of John G. Chase
against Charles M. Shortridge, proprietor
of The Call, was concluded in the su
perior Court yesterday, and the jury gave
an immediate verdict in the defendant's
favor.
It was shown that there had been no
libel in an article published in Thk Call
and that the charges against Mr. Chase
were true.
The trial of the case was in Department
5 of the Superior Court, Judge Matt F.
Johnson cf Sacramento presiding in the
place of Judge Hunt.
D. M. Delmas and John E. Richards
represented the defendant, and the attor
neys for Mr. Chase were C. A. Reynolds
ana J. H. Heenan. The jury was com
posed of John F. Quad*. Charles Whelan,
Henry Root, J. J. Pastene, L. T. Lewis, J.
B. Lewis Jr., John Watkins, C. R. Haw
thorne, Thomas BlanchfieJd, James Bad
ger, John Corbett and D. L. Mayers.
On February 5, 1895, an article was pub
lished in The Call stating that several
charges had been made against Mr. Chase
by members of the order of Foresters.
Among other things, according to the
article, Mr. Chase, an ex-chief ranger, was
charged with drawing money from the
sick-benefit fund when not entitled to it,
and issuing to himself a clearance-card to
join another court when objection was
made. The heading of that article was as
follows:
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Queer Practices of Forester John G. Chase.
His Expulsion Ordered by the
Grand Council.
LOCAL FORESTERS ARE , INDIGNANT.
The Members of Court Enterprise, Which
He Nearly Bankrupted, Demand
His arrest.
. Claims for damage^ were based on alle
gations that Mr. Chase had lost building
contracts on account of the publication of
the article, and that lumbermen had re
fused to deal with him.
In the trial of the cese the plaintiff had
evidently depended on Architect Jame3 P.
Chad wick as the chief witness, bur the
whole sum of Mr. Chad wick's testimony
was a plain, emphatic declaration that
Chase had tried to induce him to commit
perjury in the plaintiff's behalf. Mr. Chad
wick declared that Mr. Chase had not lost
certain specified contracts on account of
The Call publication, though' the plaintiff
had personally sworn to the contrary. He
produced documents which appeared to be
bids that Chase offered on certain build
ings last July and declared that the docu
ments had really been presented to him
by Chase on Monday of this week for the
first time and with the intention that the
witness should use them in giving false
testimony. It was on Tuesday that the
trial was begun, and Mr. Chad wick then
declared that the bids were first seen by
him the day before.
This revelation created a decided sensa
tion among the listeners in the courtroom,
and there was a little ripple of merriment
when Chase's attorneys set out to impeach
their own witness.
Before Mr. Chadwick had been called
Plaintiff Chase wan in the witness-box.
He told many things about his experi
ence in various fraternal organizations,
and when Mr. Delmas began the cross
examination he told some more. Ques
tions as to whether Mr. Chase had been
arrested sixteen times for drunkenness
and other misdemeanors were not an
swered, as Mr. Heenan's objection was
sustained.
"If you are 52 years old to-day now old
were you in 1855?" asked Mr. Delmas, re
ferring to statements that the plaintiff
bad made regarding his early life in Massa
chusetts.
"Eleven."
"And you say that you were treasurer
of the Good Templars' organization at that
time?"
The witness said that he might have
been 12 years old at the time.
"Were you going to school?" was asked.
"I was."
"Studying arithmetic?"
"I don't remember about that."
"Where did you keep the money, in a
child's toy-box or in a bureau drawer?"
"In a bureau drawer."
"Who kept the key, you or your
mother?"
"I did."
"How much money did you have on
Land at one time?"
"About $100."
"In coin?"
"No, I think not."
"In greenbacks?"
'1 don't think we had any greenbacks
then."
"Do you remember seeing any green
backs at that time?"
"No. :l
Mr. Delmas inquired about the connec
lion of the witness with the Good Tem
plars, and asked:
"Were you not repeatedly arrested here
for drunkenness?"
Again an objection was made and sus
tained. r
In the direct examination Mr. Chase had
testified that on account of The Call arti
cle about him he had lost several building
contracts, which contracts he specified.
He asserted that he had presented bids to
Architect James P. Chadwick. and that
although the bids were the lowest, they
had been rejected on account of the state
ments in the paper. •
Architect Chadwick was then called, and
it was on his declarations that the plain
tiff expected to win tne «50,000 libel suit
against Mr. Shortridge.
The witness, however, plainly stated that
Mr. Chase had asked him to give false tes
timony in the case. He said that on
Monday of this week Mr. Chase had hand
ed hocus bids to him, expecting that they
would be used in the case as bids that had
been rejected last July on account of the
article in The Call.
He had been very careful not to commit
himself, he stated, giving Mr. Chase "all
the rope he wanted," but not saying that
he would or would not swear as requested.
When the bogus bids were presented to
him he informed Samuel M. Shortridge,
the defendant's brother, and made a com
plete statement of the case.
The plaintiff was evidently not prepared
for such an exposure, but Attorney Hee
nan launched out a vigorous attempt to
break down the architect's statement. Mr.
Delmas objected to the form of one of the
questions.
"I have the right to impeach the wit
ness!" exclaimed Mr. Heenan.
"But he is your own witness," was the
retort.
Mr. Heenan abruptly abandoned the in
quiry and Attorney Reynolds, his asso
ciate, arose ana asked for permission to go
on with the questioning. Judge Johnson
would not permit that, however, as it was
contrary to the rules of practice. Mr.
Reynolds then communicated his thoughts
to Mr. Heenan and the latter asked the
questions.
Architect Chadwick ilatly contradicted
the plaintiff on every material point.
Mr. Delmas at the cross-examination
produced one of the documents which was
alleged to be a bid presented by Chase to
the architect last July.
•When did you first see this?" he asked.
"Yesterday," was the reply, and Mr.
Chadwick related his conversation with
Mr. Chase and the incidents connected
with it.
The other alleged bids were produced
and Chadwick gave similar testimony re
gardinc them.
"And he asked you to swear to these
things which you declare under oath to be
false?" continued Mr. Delmas.
'•Ye?, sir," replied the witness. "He
wanted me to commit rank perjury."
Harry B. Jennings, a barber, was the
next witness. He testified that he wa9 a
member of the order oE Montezuma. Mr.
Chase applied for membership but was
blarkoalled on account of the charge of
embezzlement.
Patrick D. Fitzpatrick, a plumber, was
called to testily about Mr. Chase's business
affairs. On cross-examination it was shown
that after doing work by order of Mr.
Chase, he had been compelled to sue the
owner of the house to get his money, but
he did not regard Mr. Chase as responsible
for thai debt, and in other instances the
latter had }>aid him.
Michael McGreevey is a bricklayer. He
has held Bab-contracts under Mr. Chase.
Though called on as a witness for the
plaintiff, he admitted to Mr. Delmas that
he had experienced difficulty in collecting
money. Once he had quarreled with Chase
at a primary.
"Did that election fight have anything
to do with business affairs?" was one of
the questions.
"There micht have Deen some feeling on
that proposition."
"Was the trouble settled there and
then?"
There was vehemence and a sort of sup
pressed excitement in the answer that shot
t'.irth:
'•It was not, sir."
"Did yon have trouble in getting your
money from Mr. Chase?"
"Well, he sent me to the owner of the
place and I had to put a lien on the prop
erty."'
The next witness was John C. Chase Jr.,
who, although a carpenter ana living at
his father's house during the period in
question, knew practically nothing about
his father's building operations.
"Didn't your father tell you about his
contracts?" asked Mr. Delmas.
"Yes, he told me when he got a job."
"Didn't he tell you what it was?"
"No."
"What was the contract that you say
Mr. Chadwick went first to talk with your
father about?"
"A. cottage, I think."
"Whose cottage?"
"I don't know.
"Where was it to be built?"
"I couldn't tell."
"What was the price?"
"I never heard."
"Did your father get the contract?"
"No."
Other alleged contracts were gone over
in the same way and the grown-up son of ,
Mr. Chase showed that he had little knowl- j
edge of his father's business affairs.
"Did your father ever get a contract
from Mr. Chadwick?" Mr. Delmas asked.
"No."
Attorneys Reynolds and Heenan, repre
senting the plaintiff, went to the witness- i
stand to declare that Mr. Chadwick had'
told them that Chase had lost building
contracts on account of The Call article
and that he would so testify.
The two attorneys admitted to Mr. Del
mas at the cross-examination that as fees
in the case they were only to get a per- i
centage of any damages that might be
awarded to Chase.
When tho defense was begun on Wednes
day Mrs. Martha Wiebeke and other
property-owners denied that they had re
fused to give building contracts to Chase
on account of his reputation after the Call
publication. They swore positively that
they had not received bids from him.
Mr. Chadwick was recalled to testify
furtner about the building operations
which Chase had alluded to and he pre
sented a notebook containing the record
of his work for more than two years to
show that Chase had not presented bids as
claimed.
Mrs. Lyons, a cook on Second street,
testified that she had paid $1 80 in lodge
dues to Chase, and that the latter had not
made any raturn of the money.
Several officers in the Ancient Order of
Foresters were called to prove the allega
tions made by Tim Call.
George F. Brown, who has been the pre
siding officer of Court Washington, A. O.
F.. testified that Chase had made illegal
claims for si<k benefits and had received
the money when not entitled to it.
"Once the financial secretary and I called
on Mr. Chase," said the witness, "and we
were told at the door that he was sick
that be either had smallpox or was going
to have it."
"That he was going to have smallpox?"
Mr. Delmas inquired.
"Yes, that was what the young lady at
the door told us. Two days afterward I
S»W Mr. Chase driving along Market street
in a wagon with a load of lumber. I didn't
know what to make of it."
"Perhaps," suggested Mr. Delmas, "he
was going to buikl a pesthouse."
Other testimony of the tsainc nature was
given by Mr. Urown, and the records of
the order were introduced, whereby it was
proved that Chase had been expelled.
Mr. Brown's narrative was supplemented
and emphasized by other officers of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
order, including Permanent Secretary Fal
coner.
Miss May Frances Nelson was a witness
who gave some testimony about Mr. Chase
and his lodge dealings. She left the wit
ness-box just before the forenoon recess,
and when Judge Johnson had the court
called to order again Mr. Delmas requested
that she return to the stand.
"Mrs. Nelson," said the counselor, "did
anybody make any slurring remark to you
as you passed out a little while ago?"
"Yes,'* was the reply, "a remark was
made by John G. Chase Jr."
"What was the remark?"
"It was so slurring that I do not wish to
repeat it."
Judge Johnson displayed an active in
terest in the proceeding, but it was found
that it was just outside of the courtroom
that the words had been spoken. When
the statement of the witness had been
heard, Mr. Delmas announced that he was
not inclined to go any further with the in
cident. Judge Johnson, however, declared
that he would not tolerate any attempts,
such as mentioned, to insult or intimidate
witnesses.
Mrs. John G. Chase Jr. was a witness for
the defense, testifying about the alleged
illness of her father-in-law when the lodge
benefits were claimed.
Witnesses in long array testified in re
gard to minor points of the case, and the
subject of character was taken up.
Yesterday forenoon the arguments were
begun, each side being limited to an hour
and a half. Mr. Reynolds argued for
Chase, and delivered a forcible, eloquent
plea, in which he asked for charitable con
sideration of his client's case.
Mr. Del mas replied. At 3:45 o'clock
Judge Johnson pave his instructions to the
jury regarding the law of libel. The jury
retired, and in three or four minutes riled
back into the courtroom.
Henry Root, the well-known San Fran
cisco inventor, was a member of the jury,
and he had been chosen foreman. When
asked by the Judge whether a verdict had
been reached Foreman Root replied in the
am'rmative and presented the document to
the clerk. The reading showed the verdict
to be in favor of Mf. Shortridge.
There had been no delay in arriving at
the verdict against Mr. Chase, and only
one ballot was taken. The verdict was
unanimous.
MR. DELMAS' ADDRESS.
The Counselor's Eloquent Argu
ment Before the Jury Yester
day Afternoon.
The address delivered by Mr. Delmas to
the jury was, in part, as follows:
If your Honor please and gentlemen of the
jury :
It is not my purpose, gentlemen, to detain
you at any very great length.
As you all understand, this is a case for
libel brought by Mr. John G. Chase against
Charles M. Shortridge, the proprietor of The
Morning Call.
Without going into any minute details, the
charge alleged to be take is, In substance, thnt
i Mr. Chase, the plaintiff, while being a member
i of the Order of Foresters, was guilty oi ernbez
-1 zlement of certain sums of money which were
j paid to him. The other charge is that Mr.
Chase, while a member of this order, whs
guilty of fraudulently obtaining sick benefits,
and that on account of these practices he was
finally tried by the order In the court properly
instil uted according to its rules aud constitu
tion, and was with disgrace expelled from the
order.
This article was published with the idea that
' this paper owed it as a public duty to make
i known to the numberless members of this
j charitable institution called the Foresters—
! people ns a rule of humble rank, of humble
station in life, as you have seen them— that in
their ranks was a man unworthy to be of them;
a man who, instead of seeking the noble and
lofty purpose that they pursued, was acting to
their detriment. The charges were made by
the newspaper after full, deliberate investiga
tion, and they are true. We assert that it is
true that Chase, while a member of this or
ganization, received moneys in his official
j capacity, kept them and appropriated them to
: his own use, and that while a member of this
association he also resorted to fraudulent prac
tice in order to obtain allowances of sick bene
fits to which ne was not entitled.
The whole question before you, gentlemen,
turns upon this plea which is called in law
"A plea of the truth in justification. "
My learned young friend on the other side
has chosen to place himself before you in a
position of humble standing, alleging his lack
of learning, alleging his lack of experience.
Let me tell him that in the cause of truth and
justice these are advantages. It does not need
a lawyer to point out truth to your oyes. The
truthful woman who appears before you does
not need a lawyer to point out to the jury that
she is a good and truthful woman. If the
cause of the plaintiff is true, if lie has been in
jured, if his character has been such in this
community that these charges against him
have produced a wrong, his own wrong would
speak triumphantly and be aided by the voice
ox the most part of the world. \
Now, gentlemen, let us examine the charges
before us. The first charge is that of embez
zlement. Well, that consists of two items. In
the first place these are not great items. We
do not charge that Mr. Chase embezzled $50,
--000 or if 100,000 as some bank cashiers or presi
dents have done. You have seen these Forest
ers. It is the first time in my life that my at
tention has been especially called to them.
They seem to be well-meaning, earnest people,
blacksmiths, carpenters, worters of all kinds,
daily laborers and contractors, all flocking to
gether according to the great laws of the earth
to afford ample support in the hour of distress,
in the hour of sickness and in the great hour
of sorrow and death.
Now, here is a humble woman cooking in &
saloon on Second street. Ido not Know why it
lies in the mouth of the attorney of Mr. Chase,
who himself, although a Good Templar,
kept a saloon on Brannan street, to
criticize her occupation. If there be any
taint or disgrace in the occupation it applies
to him as well as to her. This woman tells
you that this man came to her after he had
ceased to be a member of Court Washington
and collected $1 80 from her— not a very large
sum, but yet it took a few days of hard work
from her, and she paid it to htm, being $1 30
for two months' dues— os cents per month—
and 50 cents for a death rate. She tells you
specifically he took her book from her, and
that money never was paid by Mr. Chase into
the funds of that court. We deem that if he
received it then for that purpose he em
bezzled, and the only question for you to de
termine is, Did he receive it? or, in other
words, Is Mrs. Lyons telling the truth? For
what motive she could have for that falsifying
upon that subject nobody can imagine.
The counsel says: "Of course I do not charge
that this woman was bought by Mr. Shortridge.
'Of course I do not charge that she was tam
pered with by counsel on the other side."
But he clearly insinuates, and if such be the
Insinuation it hardly deserves a reply. A
charge of that kind cannot be supported by
insinuation, especially when it would be as
false as it is in this case.
If Mrs. Lyons is telling the truth, therefore,
it being admitted that that money was not
paia over by Chase into Court Washington, it
is a fact that he embezzled.
Mr. Chase had claimed that the money
received by him from Mrs. Lyons was the
initiation fee to another circle, but Mr.
Delmas dwell upon the fact that no at
tempt had been made to prove that allega
tion, which would have been easily suscep
tible of proof if true. He left to the jury
the question of veracity between Mrs.
Lyons and Mr. Chase.
The plaintiff had aserted that instead of
being expelled from the Ancient Order of
Foresters he had withdrawn from it be
cause it is an English order. Mr. Delmas
took that up in connection with another
item of the embezzlement charges, and he
said :
We will now take Mr. Frederickson and his
initiation fee of $2. Mr. Fred?rickson is one
a^^b^j^m nßb m ' hß^h m jhbi mm iihb hi <^^^ zi /&r^^ *&E£&^k ss^ B^Esi^oi *^k
SPEKIA IS FUR TO-BAY '
For the benefit of our to-day's patrons who have learned to
look forward to SATURDAY as THE GREATEST BARGAIN DAY OF
THE WEEK we offer the following and many other equally
Tempting Bargains in New Goods!
NECKWEAR !_NEGKWEAR ! HOSIERY ANDDNDERWEAR ! MEN'S I BQYSJJRISHINGS! | GLOVES! _ GLOVES !
At 75 Cents Each. At 15 Cents a Pair. At 15 Cents. At 45 Cents.
BATISTE LACE YOKE COLLARS sal- 150 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIB- 200dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS, 2000 pairs 5-lIOOK UNDRESSED KID
lor shape li .Ten shade vilue sl% BED COTTON HOSE, double knees, in assorted opera shades, navy and GLOVES, in mode, tan - and slate ,
lor snape, injeu suaue, vaiue 1 .0. heels and toes, fast black, extra good white figured, black, light, fancies, etc shades, regular value |l, will be offered
At $1.00 Each value at 20c. extra value for 25c, will be offered at at 45c a pair.
BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE COL- At 25 Cents a Pair. 15c each. At 50 Cents.
BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE COL- At 25 Cents a Pair. ' At 50 Cents.
LARS, sailor shape, value $2. 75 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED • At 25 Cents. 1800 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES in
«. «i en 1? 1 FRENCH LISLE -THREAD |HOSE, 150 dozen BOYS' CALICO AND CHEV- mode, tan and slate shades, regular
At <J>l.."5U H,acn. double knees, heels and toes, warranted 10T WAISTS» made with two pleats value 85c, will be offered at 50c a pair.
BUTTER AND BLACK ESCURIAL fast black, regular value 50c. in back and front, in a variety of hand- .
LACE COLLARS, with Epaulettes; '..> . o . ■ some patterns, worth 50c, will be of- At 65 Cents
also Batiste Lace Collars in linen . At 2n Cents a Pair. fered at 25c each. ifrTTON T fnotTT MOTTq
shade; value $3. 125 dozen LADIES' MACO COTTON  o'ttFTAmP OHSo T S S
utf> . ftP . OiiE 'A high-spliced Heels ;and toes, ' L Ati3s Cents. GLOVES, in natural and white regu-
At $2.30 Each. Hermsdorf dye, black and assorted tan 75 dozen BOYS' FAUNTLEROY lar value $1, will be offered at (we a pair.
MOUSSELINE DE SOIE AND ESCU- shades, will be ottered at 2oc a pair. BLOUSES, in very.handsome patterns
RIAL LACE COLLARS, with Epan- At o - r__ . _ o «_•„ - and all sizes, worth Usc, will be offered rpnfc
lettes; also Batiste Lace Collars with . At 25 Cents a Pair. t- «. o^ at 35c each. / At Go Cents.,
Epaulettes in linen shade; regular 50 dozen LADIES' FIN BLACK MACO 1200 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOTT9-
-valuess. • • COTTON HOSE, silk embroidered boot At 50 Cents. QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
patterns, suitable for slipper wear, will 75 dozen MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED GLOVES, in tan and mode shades,
be offered at 25c a pair. NIGHTSHIRTS, made of good, heavy also black, regular value $1 25, will be
A __ „ ■ -. _ . muslin, and trimmed with silk and offered at 65c a pair.
TTTiffTiTn 1 rrriTT htm ■ .At .73. Cents l.acli. embroidered trimmings, extra value
WiriNfJl V IrTT TUfl I :35 dozen LADIES'' NATURAL GRAY for 75C, will be offered at 50c each. ... -_ „ .-
Pf JblUlilll-! iMljUlu! SANITARY WOOL VESTS, high ' At 75 Cents.
. neck long sleeves; drawers to match; . At 60 Cents 1000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors
At 25 Cents a Yard. regufar value ' 1 ' ■. :' 52 dozen MEN LAUNDRIED "STAN- SerSlt'^^i? 11116 **' " mY *
CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEIL- • ■ — - LEY'/ SHIRTS with collars and cuffs offered 7jC P alr '
ING 13 inches wide, special value. COSSETS ( Z CORSETS I tt^Wfm^^- ' At 90 Cents.
A^cn^«f D oV^ UUIIOUHJ. , UUIIUUIU. ■ each. 900 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large
At 50 Cents a Yard. — ~ . A1 nn buttons to match gloves), all shades
CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEIL- At $1.20. At $1.00. and black, regular value sl 50, will be
ING, 27 inches wide, special value at LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, latest 45 dozen MEN'S TWELVE -THREAD offered at 90c a pair.
50c a yard. French modei, long waist and high BALBRKiGAN UNDERSHIRTS and
bust, three side steels, silk embroidered, DRAWERS, in vicuna shades, fancy _^_
■ guaranteed a perfect fit, black and silk finished, will be offered at $1 each
LADIES' GOWNS! "™ ' — ■ CHILDREN'S SUITS I WAISTS!
Ats^ nts . ' PARASOLSLPARASOLS! : PARASOK!_PARASOLS! CHILDKEN , s -^ ITS ,_ 4Io
LADIES' GOWNS, made of muslin At 50 Cents ' At $1 00 • I°.. lull skirt, blouse waist, finished
lined back, tucked yoke, will be offered CARRIAGE PARASOLS," in Gloria, in CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk Gloria, with deep sailor collar, will be offered
at each. black only, unlined, will be offered at lined in black, will be offered at $1 at ?1 j0 each.
At $1.00. ■• . 50c each. each. . , - At $1.00. .
LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsntta At 75 Cents. At $1.50. LADIES' STRIPED AND FIGURED
muslin, deep square collar edged- with CARRIAGE, PARASOLS, in Gloria, ruf- CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk Gloria. LAWN WAISTS, yoke back, extra
emcroidery, full sleeves, regular price lied trimmed, unlined, will be offered double ruffle, in black, will be offered full sleeves, perfect ht, will be offered 1
?! 25, will bo offered at $1 each. at 75c each. -i ■ at $1 50 each. at $1 each. *
UU Murphy Building, / Cftr Murphy Building, j m(j Murphy Building, / ml* Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jonss Streeis. Market aid Jones Streets.
of the men of very moderate means and it's a
matter of marvel to me, gentlemen, It is &
matter of wonderment to me, that an American
of such Americanism as Mr. Chase, whoshrank
with horror at the idea of being connected
with the English institution, that he could
have received the $2 from Mr. Frederiekson,
who is a Dane. But he received this $2, and
there is no ques tion about that. But did he
pay it over into the treasury?
Miss Nelson, the treasurer or financial secre
tary, produced her books. She says that she
never received the money from him ; that she
asked him io y>ay it over, but that he never
paid It. He alleged that ho was amply respon
sible for the amount, and he remains respon
sible to this day; and financially the lodge (or
court) under these circumstances forgave the
$2 initiation fee for Mr. Krederickson.
The simple proposition, gentlemen, is
whether Mr. Chase, upon this subject, is tell
ing the truth, or whether Miss Nelson is tell
ing the truth; whether Chase kept that $2, or
whether Miss Nelson stole, as counsel inti
mated, that $2 received from the Dane, Mr.
Frederickson.
Mr. Chase, gentlemen, was expelled—igno
miniously expelled— from the Order of Fores
ters. That is not a matter with which Tin:
Cali, had anything to do. It was a trial in
which we didn't participate. It was a trial of
the court, as I understand it, the court of high
est jurisdiction in that order, composed of ear
nest, upright men, desiring to do what was
right, desiring to declare and enforce justice.
Mr. Chase appeared with the Fame counsel
that represented him here. That court, sitting
as you now sit, doing justice, unanimously
pronounced him guilty.
After some discussion as to the merits and
demerits of the case the court decreed that
John G. Cnase Sr. be found guilty as charged.
All the members of the committee voted in
favor of the motion. It was further declared
that "the verdict of the committee be that
said John G. Chase be expelled from the order
for the period of ninety-nine years." That
was a fair and impartial trial, and certainly
we had nothing to do with offering any evi
dence there against Mr. Chase. It was a trial
among his own friends, among his own breth
ren, represented by his own counsel ; and
the jury after discussion, sitting by themselves,
as you will see, unanimously declared him
guilty as charged.
♦ • • Mr. Chase claimed that he was sick
with smallpox; not Uvo days later he was seen
driving along Market street on a load of lum
ber. Two days after he was so dangerously
sick he was cured by a dose of cobblestones on
Market street administered through a lumber
wagon. * • *
You can appreciate what it is to get out
every morning with the regularity of the
rising sun a newspaper of twelve or sixteen
pages with all the matter that goes to make
up a great metropolitan journal. Judge Mr.
Shortridge by what he has done. Was malice
his purpose in this publication? He did not
know Chase. He had never had any dealings
with him.
These facts were brought under his notice
after the charges had been brought up in the
Foresters' court. Ho deemed it his duty to
publish these charges and he has done so.
Mr. Delmas closed his address with a
request that The Call be vindicated for
its action in publishing news that the fra
ternal organizations with which Mr. Chase
might associate himself had a right to
know. '
Auditorium Concert.
The following programme will be performed
this afternoon at the new Auditorium by those
great artists, Fran Materna and Franz Ondri
cen, assisted by Isidore Luckstone, pianist:
folonaise, A flat (Chopin) Ismlore Luckstone
Concerto, O minor (Bruch) Franz Ondrlcek
Aria, "IMenzi" (Wagner). . .Mme. Amnlin Matrrna
(a) Air (Bach), ('>) Homanw, (c) Tarantelle
(Ondrk-ek) Franz Ondricek
Jlomanze and Moto Perpetuo (.Rels), aria, "La
Juive" (Hale»y) Mme. Amalla Muterna
Hungarian airs (Krnst) Franz Ondricek
Stop, Thief!
Stop a small mulaily. whicM Is stealing your
strength, before It outruns your power to arrest it,
and recover what it took from yon. The safest ana
promptest recuperator of waning vitality is llos
tetter's Stomach Bitten, which renews vigor, flesh
und nerve quietude because it restores activity to
those functions whose interruption interferes with
general health. Use the Bitters for dyspepsia, ma
larial, rheumatic and kidney complaints and bil
iousness.
MONASTICISM IN AMERICA
Major T. C. Ryan Declares It
Has No Place in the
United States.
HIS VIEWS ON THE SUBJECT.
Convents and Monasteries Alleged to
Be Maintained in Defiance
of Law.
Major T. C. Ryan, the eloquent speaker
in the cause of the A. P. A., last night
again attracted a large attendance to Met
ropolitan Hall.
President B. P. Hudelsqn of the State
Council of the A. P. A. opened the meet
ing by asking the audience to sing "Amer
ica." This done, he spoke as follows:
Friends: It is not my purpose to attempt to
make a sueech or anything like a speech this
evening. lam before you principally to per
form a duty that la laden with pleasure and
honor— that of introducing Major Kvan. Since
his coining into our midst we have been made
to realize more than ever our great responsi
bility in this tremendous hour of our country's
life and history.
If there is an American within the border
lines of the United States to-tlay who does not
realize that this is a critical hour in the history
of our Republic, that man is not alive to the
issue and his eyes have not yet opened to look
upon the great and momentous questions and
problems with which we are confronted.
1 am giad that in the far-away West the peo
ple are becoming aroused as never before— the
people are thinking as they have not thought
for very many years. And after studying the
situation carefully for a year or more in the
State of California, I will say to-night, it is my
profound conviction that the people are so
thoroughly aroused in California that with
two or three exceptions it is an absolute im
possibility to elect to any office in any county
of the Slate any man who is under the domin
ation and control of the Roman Catholic
Church.
This is certainly encouraging, and. as we
think of this, we can, indeed, congratulate our
selves. Friends, let us, as true, liberty-loving
men understand that we are standing for
great principles. Let us ever rise above these
little bickerings; these contemptible questions,
whan compared with the momentous ques
tions confronting us. This is an hour when 1
hear a voice and call from the Almighty (iod
to every man and woman in America to ri.se in
their might and do their whole duty. Let us
hear that voice and forget the little things.
The hour is coming when we, like the fath
ers of this great Republic, must forget the little
questions on which we have been divided
heretofore. I trust that in all these meetings,
in all our work, there shall be that harmony
that conduces to the upbuilding of our great
order and the observance of the great prin
ciples that conduce to the up-building of our
magnificent Government and the perpetuation
ot our American institutions.
In introducine Major Ryan he paid a
high tribute to that gentleman's elo
quence and probity. MajqrKyan spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: It
gives me great pleasure to stand before this
audience in the discussion of what to me is a
great <iuestion. 1 have chosen for my subject
"Monasticisrr has no place in the Republic." I
hope to impress you with the thought that in
a land of liberty there is actually no place for
an institution into which the citizen of good
repute may not walk at any time and investi
gate as to its character.
A real man ought to be able to govern him
self; a real man ought to be able to pray for
himself; a real man ought to be able to tight
for himself, and a really honest man ought to
pay all his bills himself. We are now too much
inclined to leave these duties to others. The
duties of American citizenship fail to impress
us as they onght. We fail to remember that
our liberties have been handed down to ur at
a tremendous sccrifico of blood and treasure.
We fail to remember that a nation.is a family
largely extended and thai a father always en
deavors to prevent the introduction into his
family of anything detrimental or menacing
to the best interests of his family. The same
holds good of a Government, which should pre
vent the introduction of everything that may
be a menace to tbe welfare of the Nation.
Peace is never likely to come to America
until we order the Jesuits from our borders.
With the coining of these Jesuits has come the
low idea of citizenship. I believe that citizen
ship shoul'i not be conferredon anyone unless
he has shown his ability to perform the duties
of an American citizen and a patriot. Citizen
ship is one of the cheapest thiugs in the I'nited
States to-day. I believe it should be obtain
able only at a great price; there ought to be a
premium on it. Along with the Jesuits have
come anarchism and all the worst aspects of
socialism.
He then mentioned a number of organi
zations wbich lie said came with these
Jesuits, and included also the inmates and
those in control of monasteries and con
vents. Continuing, he said : "Monasticism
is but the adopted child of paganism,
nothing more or less." He described mo
nastic institutions as "constructed like
penal structures, and behind the walls of
Which no law officer, or even the President
of the United States, can go without the
permission of some foreigner, who has no
respect for American institutions." He
continued:
I do not know what is going on behind those
walls, and I do not care, but I object to any
foreign power coming here and defying the
power of our authorities. Let me say to you
that the time is near in Missouri when no or
ganization will feel it necessary to petition tlia
Legislature or the Governor of that State to
open these monastic institutions there. The
young people are growing up and will soon
have the ballot in their hauds, and they will
see that such men are elected that petitions
will be unnecessary for this nurpose.
The first principle of conventual life is the
crushing out of natural instincts-. These
people of whom I am going to speak have
been improperly educated. They think it is
impossible to be in the world and not of it. ■
Instances were cited 10 show that this
idea wa.^ wrong — that contact with evil
does not necessarily contaminate. Refer*
ence was the*n made to the requirements
for leading a monastic life, the abjuration
of all that, is most passionately loved,
whether music, flowers or children. Then
the renunciation of the wiil power by
monastics and conventual inmates was
spoken of. Tnese requirements, he said,
were impeachments oi the wisdom of God.
He added:
Uo you realize that a life in a monastic in
stitution requires the renunciation of a moth
or's love, that sweetest thing in human life?
If I had a son I would rather he carried the
instinct of murder in him throughout life; I
would rather he carried the instinct of theft
throughout his life; than forget his love for
the mother that bore him.
Any organization that requires the renun
ciation of the love of music, of flowers, of home,
of mother, is unfit to exist within the domains
of this Republic of liberty.
The people who live in these secluded build
ings are barred from that intellectual growth
that comes with wide interchange of thought.
They uelieve that pure thoughts can only be
cultivated in this isolation. They fail to con
ceive that the pure in mind has never any but
puro thoughts- Think of a person extremely
lond of Kood literature being compelled to re
nounce all except a fevr prescribed Docks. This
is not only un-American, It is un-Christianlike.
Monastici9m ro'us its inmates of all that is
good and dear in friendship. What has God
created us for, anyway? Wo are put here to
aid others as well as ourselves. When a man
or a woman is shut up in a monastery or a con
vent all this power for good to otners is taken
away from t tie in.
In monnsticism we are deprived of the won
derful and great influence of women for good.
I protest against this state of things. It is a
relic of barbarism.
CRISPI'S BLACK EYE.
How PuptU of the Italian School I'p
-Im-I«I Their Honor.
There is a hard-working little woman,
proprietress of -a stationary-store on Pacific
street, between Stockton and Powell, who
can hear evidence to the fact that there are
stanch defenders of Italy's cause among
the rising generation of the local colony.
She took the unfortunate idea into her
head on Thursday of exposing in her store
window Le Petit Parisien, a French news
paper, whose title-page was adorned with
a caricature of Menelik administering pun
ishment to Crispi. A band of pupils, re
turning from the Italian school, liappened
to pause before the window to gaze at the
rich stores of marbles and other delights of
boyhood which it contained, and their
eyes were caught by the sight of C rip pi in
Bersagliere uniform fighting with Wene
lit. According to the pittire, Crispi had
received a pronounced black eye.
"Impossible," cried the boys, "this is an
insult to the Italians— to our lively sharp
shooters—let us tear up the paper." No
sooner said than done; v deputation of the
diminuitive warriors entered the store and
intimated to the proprietress that she had
better hide the Crisni-Menelik !ight. The
good woman begged to be excused, saying
that it was a matter of business with her
to expose her wares where they would
catch the public eye but this was not re
ceived as a satisfactory excuse by the little
fellows, and they were proceeding to
menace her window when she concluded
that it would be wise to capitulate. The
odious Petit Parisien was removed from
the public, view and hidden under a pile of
old periodicals, after which the small war
riors left the field of battle, jumping for
joy at the victory they had won.
FOR CONVALESCENT WOMEN.
Farlor Meeting in the Interests of the
New Institution.
A profitable parlor meeting was held at
the home of Mrs. G. Barstow, 927 Pine
street, yesterday afternoon in the interests
of the philanthropy for women under the
auspices of the French Christian Union.
The design is to build up a borne fur con
valescent women in connection with La
Famille at Torrens court. It has been
recommended by. hospital authorities of
the City that such an institution be en
couraeed, as the need for it is great. "La
Famille." the home for young women who
are temporarily unemployed, is one of the
worthy charities of the City.
Mine. Marie Marshall presented the
work in a manner calculated to interest
the large audience. She emphasized the,
fact that the work of the French Christian
Union is non-sectarian and has no na-
tional lines.
A feature of the afternoon was the ar
tistic rendering of a Haydn trio by the
daughter and two sons of Dr. Huss.'Miss
Huss accompanying them at the piano.
Will Not Enter Politics.
The Woman Suffrage Association is adhering
to its policy to affiliate with no political party.
An invitation from the Woman's Republican
Central Club to join its ranks has been ig
nored. The request that it be read at th«
meeting of the association on Tuesday was
refused because of that policy which Miss
Anthony impressed upon her followers in her
final instructions in May.
NEW TO-DAT.
Only $3.50,
JIJ But Worth $1000.
tflniy $3.50,
But Worth $1000.
Dr. Scott's
JStfp. Catarrh
Our Customers. 11 ift 1 1 1 ! ( 1 1 1 •
A six months' treatment for $3 50. Call fat
free trial.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 Market street, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
On and after this date our store will be open all
night to accommodate our patrons.
FREE CONSULTATION.
Our physician : will ; give free consultation and
diagnosis daily between 10 a. m. and 12 m. and 7
to 9p. m ■ ■ .
WRITE US.
Patients in the interior treated successfully by
writing for our question blanks.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
998 Marlx.ot Street,
, South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
Noir that the excitement attending the
cycle tournament at the Pavilion is over
the wheelmen will ro set and discuss road
racing which promises to be a populai
pastime tnis summer.
The season when trout can be lawfully
taken with rod and line above tidewater i;
near at hand. On April 1 anglers will be
whipping many favorie creek*.
The rifle and trap shooting clubs will
gather at the Oakland and Shell Mound
parks to-morrow where several interesting
matches will be decided.
Judging by the many boats that are be
ing built for the oarsmen of this City and
Oakland a very lively season of aquatics
may be expected.
As the Olympic Club will hold a boxing
tournament in April in the Pavilion inter
est in fisticuffs i-s rapidly increasing. The
National Club will also give an exhibition
next month.
Handball, basket-ball, coursing and
cricket are pastimes that will have many
supporters during the summer months.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Clubs Will Now Prepare Their
Teams for the Relay Race.
CLUB EVENTS TO-MORROW:
California Cycling Club, try-out, Hay
wards.
Camera Clul> Cyclists. San Jose.
Garden City Cyclers, Ceutervill*.
Imperial Cycling Club, Santa Rosa.
Liberty Cycling Club, Centerville.
Olympic Club Wheelmen, Redwood
City.
Olympic Cycler*. Centerville.
Santa Rosa Wheelmen, with the Im
perials.
Now that the big indoor tournament is
over, as far as the club wheelmen are con
cerned, they are turning some attention to
the sport in other directions. Touring will
he very popular from now on, and the
great annual relay is only distant three
weeks from to-morrow.
The recent indoor meeting has been an
immense success from all points of view.
The dealers have profited immensely by
the advertising it gave them and the way
it boomed the sport. The racing men were
brought into competition with one another
pportunitv to win valuable
s. The interest in clubs was revived,
for it had lagged somewhat during the
winter monl
There was intense rivalry between the
Bay City Wheelmen 111111* the Olympic
Club Wheelmen, out it was the sort of
r:\alry which promotes the sport. Thurs
day night, when Wells, Bay lity, beat Ed
wards, Olympic, in a match race, there
•i the malti se cross cam]).
Later in the evening the tables were
turned, and Tantau, Olympic, bent Grif
fiths, Bay City, in a five-mile match race;
but the Ba} Citya did not sulk. They
joined in the Olympic Club yell, which
fhook the building, and grasped hands
with the Olympics, saving: "Now it's
horse and horse; the honors are easy. 1 '
And the goon -fellowship which is so char
acteristic of the individual members of the
two clubs on the road was preserved in
the same decree as rivals for supremacy
in track honors. This Is .all as it should
bp, and marks a new «-m in the sport on
this coast, for heretofore there has always
been endless strife between these
two big clubs The hatchet was
I ractically buried Thursday nisht when
'resident Kerrigan of the Bay Citya
grasped hands with President Adams 01
the Olympics directly after the Tantau-
Grimths race, and they declared it '"horse
and horse." The Olympics were glad to
win, the Bay Citys were glad they had won.
A:iti thus eni- a fight which commenced
in 1884, when several active cyclers who
withdrew from the old San Francisco Bi
cycle Club, which was absorbed by the
Olympics in 1893, organized the Bay City
Wnenlmen. The rivalry has always been
extreme, and it was carried into the Olym
pic Club. It will be just as intense in the
future, but in a gentlemanly sportsmanlike
Way.
The most consistent performer during
the indoor meet of the new racing men was
George Tantau of the Olympic Club Wheel
men. Last Tuesday night was the only
night during the entire tournament that
lie did not win a heat, semi-final or a rinal.
His record is summarized as follows:
Thursday niirht (opening night), won
ninth heat mile scratch; won third semi
fnial; also rode dead heat with Griffiths,
Bay City, in the ten-mile club cup
race. Friday night, won eleventh beat
mile handicap, from 45 yards, and third
semi-final; won third heat two-mile
scratch. Saturday night, won third heat
mile invitation; " lost semi-rinal, but al
lowed in rinal on a foul; won linal in
2:303-5. Monday night, won fourteenth
beat mile handicap, 45 yards; won fourth
semi-final. Tuesday night, won nothing.
Wednesday night, in quarter-mile scratch,
won third neat, second semi-final, and rode
second to Edwards in the linal. Thursday
night, defeated Griffiths, Bay City, in live
mile match race. Time, 13:26
For s new rider this is 1 remarkably fine
record, and Tantau, who is ft modest, un
assuming young man, is deserving of all
the credit that has been showered apon
him. He rode all his races fairly and be
came very popular with the Pavilion audi
ences.
The California Cycling Club will hold a
ten-mile try-out to-morrow from Fruit vaii
to Hay-wards, to aid in the selection of the
club's' relay team, which will be particu
larly stroiifr this yoar.
The regular monthly meeting; of the
North California division, League of
American Wheelmen, will be held next
Saturday evening at 8 o'clock at the rooms
of the Gar-len City Cyclsrp. San Jo«e. All
the delegates from this City and Oakland
will go down early Saturday afternoon,
some !>y wheel and others by train. Chief
Consul Kerrigan and the secretary-treas
urer are going down on a tandem and offer
to pace any of the delegates or officials
who think they can ride fast enough to
keep up with them.
The steamer Alviso, which makes daily
trips between Alviso ai.rt this City, will
hereafter leave the furmer port for here at
7 r. M., the old time card having been
changed. It is a popular route for wheel
men returning from a trip to Snn Jo:-e, as
they only have to ride a few miles op on
the Oakland side and then take the steamer
and liave :: pleasant trip home by water.
The run of the Camera Club Cyclists will
return that .vay to-morrow.
The Olympic Cyclers have a joint run
scheduled for to-morrow with the Garden
City Cyclers at Centerville. After one of
If r- Gregory's fine lunches, for which fee
has become celebrated among the wheol-
Baen. there will be a match cam« of base
ball between nines from the two clubs and
other competitive athletic events.
W. K. Bouton, who has beid the position
of secretary of the Liberty Cycling Club
for the past two y<-ars, has resigned his
office, owing to press of business. Frank
Thrali has been appointed secretary pro
tern, until the next reirular election of the
club, which will be held on Tuesday,
March 12.
The < harden City Cyclers will hold a five
mila handicap road race next Sunday
over a new course which they have re
cently chosen, from Morgan U ill to San
Martine, Santa Clara County. The start
ing-point is about twenty-one miles south
of San Jose. In this race Otto Ziec'.er Jr.
will ride trim the scratch mark, paced by
tandem«, and as the course is perfectly
straight, smooth and level, he hopes 'to
reduce Hamiin's world's five-mile road rec
fcrd of 11 :11 2-5. After the race the cyclers
will hold a bullshead breakfast and bar
becue. They have invited the It-ague
officials, who will hold a meeting in San
Jose the night before, to attend, and the
invitation has been accepted.
A physician offers the following sugees
tions to wheelmen: "Remember that a
long ride on a hot and dusty road beneath
a hot broiling sun is attended by consider
able fatigue and perspiration. Always
take a coat with you to use when alighting
from your wheel. Do not stand around in
some draught for the danger of taking cold
is very great. Throw your coat over your
shoulders at least. Don't kill yourself on
the road; there is no reason forover-exer
tion in a spin for pleasure, if it is expedi
ent to make a fast run and you come home
in a >:reiit state of perspiration do not take
a cold bath; dry the body well and b?the
in lukewarm water, afterward refreshing
yourself with a cold shower bath. And,
whatever you do, don't smoke while you
are riding."
The regular meeting of the Imperial Cy
cling Club will be held next Monday
yev c yen ing.
The Olympic Club will have a club run
to Redwood City to-morrow. The mem
bers will take the 10:45 train to MillDrue,
wheeling the balance of the distance. An
easy pace, smooth roads and a good dinner
at Redwood are assured. The run will be
GEORGE TANTAU, OLYMPIC CLUB WHEELMEN.
in charge of Captain Fawcett and Lieuten
ants Berges and Piagemann.
The laiest news about Arthur A. Zim
merman, the world's champion cyclist, is
Chat he will edit the cycling columns of
the New York World, and every one is
wondering whether he will make as good
a writer as he did a rider. He. nas never
si-own any taste for literary work, or abil
ity either.
"The Camera Club Cyclists will tour to
San Jose to-morrow, Maying ontheß:4j
narrow-gauge boat for Alameda. Alter
luncheon at San Jose the cyclists will visit
Alum Rock Canyon, where those who
t.ike their cameras can get some
pretty views. The return home will be
made by steamer Irom Alviso, leaving that
point at 7 p. m.. or those who wish can take
the train at San Jose. Captain Argenti
assures an easy pace, and expects a large
number to make the run.
The San Francisco Road Club is growing
rapidly in membership, seventeen new ap
plicants having been admitted at the last
meeting. The racing men of the club
showed up particularly well at the recent
indoor tournament and gave the club a
standing in that branch of the sport. Last
Saturday evening after the races the club
aave a banquet to some of the visiting
members of the Petaluma Wheelmen and
San Jose Road Club who were its guests.
Captain Pixley acted as toastmaster, and a
■very jolly time was had.
The Liberty Cycling Club will have a
run to Centerville to-morrow, taking the
9a. m. broad-gauge boat. A committee of
three, consisting of W. E. Bouton, J. Mc-
Laughlin and W. Beattie, has been ap
pointed to arrange for a five-mile road
race from San Leandro to Haywards on
April 10.
An Eastern cycling paper tells of a queer
race which was run in South Africa a few
weeks ago. For some time the question of
the speed of an ostrich has been the sub
ject of considerable discussion, and a
noted cyclist there determined lo test his
speed against the powerful bin.. A smooth
course was selected and the chase began.
The wheelman drove the pedals around
with great velocity and came abreast of
the bird. No sooner did it perceive the
man than it started at a headlong gait, and
although the rider was covering ground at
a two-minute clip, the ostrich quickly dis
tanced him.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a ten
mile road race a week from to-morrow.
Some of the entrants will be Wells, Long,
the Terrills, Hall, Vincent, Day. Reid,
Menne, Languetin, Freeman, McKay and
Goddard.
To-morrow a joint run of the Imperial
Cycling Club of this City and the santa
Rosa Wheelmen will be held at Santa
Rosa. The members of the local club
will take the 7:30 Tiburon ferry and the
train to Santa Rosa, using their wheeis
there.
Since the upper crust of soe'ety adopted I
the wheel, says a prominent dealer, there j
has been little hesitancy on the part of the >
middle class to fail in line with the gene- j
ral procession. Rich and poor alike enjoy !
the exnihrating pastime. It isa sure roa>i ;
to health and strength. An insight to j
nature can be had in no better way than
on the seat of a bicycle. It affords the j
laboring classes an opportunity of reach
ing their places of labor without the daily
expenditure of from 10 to 20 cents in caf
fare, and this little sum will grow into I
hundreds in years, and those hundreds j
will uuild a home. While the rich use the !
wiieel for recreation, the less fortunate j
mortals use it for business as well as
pleasure.
The Adeline Cycle Club of Adeline sta
tion, Oakland, was organized last Sunday
with a charter membership of thirty.
Clubrooms have been secured and a bil
liard-room, bowling alley and huniball
court will bo. part of the accouterments.
The following officers were elected for the
first year: S. Carty, president; Miss M.
Estellita, vice-president; Miss G. I'erkins,
secretary; P. Ny, manager; H. Hansen,
captain: Miss C. Mitchell, sergeant-at
arms.
Persons desiring application blanks or
information regarding the League of Amer
ican Wheelmen will be furnished the same
by sending a postal request to the cycling
editor of i he Call.
The North California Pivision, League of
American Wheelmen, now has 1209 mem
bers, the last bulletin showing an increase
of ninety-nine In one week. During the re
cent indoor tournament league members
THE SAW FKAJN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
were admitted every night at half price on
presentation of their membership cards,
and those who took advantage of this
privilege saved themselves 25 cents each
time tljey attended the races. Asa year's
dues in the league only costs $1, the
economy of a membership in the organiza
tion is a I once apparent.
D. R. McXeill is going to build a six-lap
board track in Central Park for the wheel
men of this City, and the Bay City Wheel
men have already negotiated with him for
the use of it on Decoration day. May 30,
when they will hold a big race meeting.
Spalding.
THE BOXERS.
AH About Green, Ryan, Corbett and
Fltzslmmons— Skull Protectors.
The National Athletic Club has an
nounced that its next fistic exhibition will
be held in April and that the stars of the
evening will be George Green, the boxer
who defeated Danny Needham at the
Auditorium last month, and Tommy
Ryan, the Chicago weiter- weight, who was
defeated a few evenings ago by "Kid"
McCoy before the Empire Athletic Club of
Long Island, N. Y.
According to the latest news from the
ring side, it appears that Ryan was not in
as good condition as he might have been,
and besides, he met an opponent who
handicapped him several pounds in
weight. McCoy, however, proved to be a
tolerably clever and game fellow, and also
a heavy puncher.
Commenting on the match, this is what
the New York Sun gays: 'Ryan was a
I strong favorite at 2 to 1 when the match
was made; the sports predicted that Mc-
Coy would certainly be defeated, but those
familiar with Ryan said that he was not a
j game fellow, and could, not undergo pun
ishment without quitting." "Why," said
a clubman once when he had Ryan booked
for a right, "he is the hardest man in the
world to get in the ring. He is like a rat,
for you have to corner him before you can
make him tight." When he did "right he
was all there and the sporting men never
j let slip any opportunity to pee him meas
i ure his sjteed against some other man, and
that is why a big crowd jonrneyed_io Mas
j peth, L. 1., last night in the face of a nasty
i wind storm. It was a punching match
■ from the call of time. McCoy astonished
| the crowd by the ease with which he
! punched and got away. Most of the time
| Ryan was on the run, but he was not fast
enough to avoid his opponent.
"McCoy assumed the lead and the aggres
sive from the start, and after he had struck
! .Ryan as he pleased for eleven rounds he
j forced him entirel}' on the defensive. No
I one had doubted the result after the eighth
j ruund. One minute and rifty-four seconds
i of the fifteenth bad gone by when McCoy
, crossed Ryan with a right and left punch
lon the jaw. Ryan dropped to the floor
; and was counted out. McCoy DOW has an
j excellent claim to the welter-weight ciiam-
I pionship of the world, and no doubt Ryan
| regrets having separated from his old
manager, Parson Davies. Larry Burns
and Jack Downey fought an eight-round
preiiminarv, which the referee, Tim Hurst,
decided a draw."
So far as George Green is concerned
Ryau will find the Californian as g:une as
a Mongolian pheasant and as clever as any
of the boxers of the present day. Green
stands an excellent chance of whipping
the Chicago welter-weight, but it can be
safely said, however, that a contest between
men of the caliber of Green and Ryan
should prove very interesting and well
wonh croing a long distance to see. It is
to be hoped that the National Club wili
secure this match.
As a precaution against possible acci
dents it lias been -suggested, that the man
agers of the Nationel Club place padding
on the floor so as to softly receive the skull
of any representative of the awkward box
in? squad who may fall like the great Mc-
Goldrich of Los Angeles on Thursday
evening last, when he lost his equilibrium
owing to a failure on his part to protect
his chin from attack. A hint to the wise
in this respect should prove sufficient. A
fall upon a hard floor is frequently at
tended with serious results, especially
when a knock-out blow is administered.
The following article concerning Cor
bett, Fitzsimmons et al. appeared in the
New York Sun, and some good, sound
arguments are produced in it to prove that
Corbett is a better man as a lighter than
Fitzsimmons:
James J. Corbett, it is stated on excellent
authority, is trying to arrange his Western
trip so that he can return Kast for the purpose
of having a businesslike talk with Robert Fitz
simmons. ('ort)ett haR made several mistake'
in iiis lifetime, anl one was made on the night
when he turned over the world's heavy-weighi
championship to I'eter Maher. He reolizes
that it was foolish to take that step, but his
most intimate friend explains the situation in
tii is way: "Corbett is not only a boxer, but
lie is also a business man. Heis willing to
yield to any demands within reason that may
be made on his time to the neglect of his busi
ness,'but he does not propose to ruin his
money-making ability as an actor. Last year
Coroett exhausted several months getting
ready for Fitzsimm'ons, and every man who
knows anything about boxing knows that Jim
was not only in condition, but was anxious to
settle the question of trie championship. Win
or lose, he wanted the case decided. He ex
pected to win, but he viewed the fight in the
light that it would be better to lose than have
this tiresome rivalry continue.
When the year opened Corbett had made all
arrangements to go on the road; his company
had been sinned ana his route laid out. For
him to default at the last moment meant the
loss of a large sum of money, and besides he
would suntain a loss to his business reputation
it he breke his engagements. His friends nd
vised him to give up tne championship for the
reason that if he fought Maher and won he
would have to fight Fitzsinimons, thus making
two lights, and on the other hand if he fought
Fitz with the opening of the new year he would
have Maher following him about for tli«> re
mainder of 189(>. To-day he has only one man
to light, and that is Fitzsimmons. Fitz must
tight him, or Corbett -naturally becomes the
holder of the championship. Let me say right
nere that tbere is not a cowardly bone in Jim
Corbett's body, -and he does not deserve the
abuse that has been showered upon him so
unstiuudly. Compare his record with that of
Fitzsimmons I Corbett never laid down for
$35. Tha most creditabie fight of his life was
against Peter Jackson, and yet there is a man
that Bob Fitzsimmons has said he could not
defeat.
The only chance that Fitz has to defeat Cor
bett is by a chance blow, and I think that is
not a very bis one. Corbett does not shrink
from it, and it may interest the public to know
that Corbett last 'fall trained up to the best
condition of his life Oi course he was two
years older than when he fought Mitchell. He
had deteriorated perhaps^.o percent, but he
was 40 percent better than JoeChoynski when
Joe narrowly missed beating Fitzsimmons at
Boston. Another thing not generally known
is that Corbett has a new punch that is an im
provement on the celebrated Fitzsimmons
puncn. It is the surest, most accurate blow
Jim has ever tried, and in practice it has never
yet failed to work. Much has been said against
Corbetts health, and I desire to say that, whiie
he has been sick at times, he is really in first
class health. Last summer and full he had
trouble with his knee, but that was conquersd.
His stomach never required more than two or
three days to get in good condition. Those who
are willing to back him have not the slightest
cause for alarm, and you have only to ask one
of his backers to know how they feel regarding
him to get Jin expression of satisfaction.
The so-called dead-game sports who haunt
barrooms, wear yellow diamonds and their
best clothes at boxing shows don't like Jim,
aud they never will. What is more, lie does
not care for their friendship. Corbett has al
ways been square and honest in his dealings
wuh all men. He lias been a generous oppo
nent; he attends to his own affairs, and only
.asks for the same treatment in return. Be
cause Bob Fitzsimmons has defeated Peter
Maher twice, that does not prove that he is
a better man than Jim Corbett. There is con
siderable talk about Fitzsimmons making
Corbett wait two years for a light. Well sup
pose that he did so. Corbett is the younger
man and age is telling on Fitzsimmons more
than it is on Corbett. Both men have fought
tneir best tights, but delay will be more serious
to the Australian than to the American. As to
the business Corbett is doing, 1 can say that
since the late fight he is playing to more
money than had been taken in since the year
opened.
THE ANGLERS.
Fly-Casters Will Practice at Stow
Lake This Aftarnoon.
The anglers of this City will be pleased
to learn that the Fish Commissioners have
had some of their deputies patrolling; the
streams which are within easy reach of
the local fraternity.
Last week the clerk of a prominent hotel
at Glen Ellen was arrested by a deputy,
who caught the poacher with trout in his
possession.
The transgressor was taken before a
justice, who lined him $5 and costs. The
coin was handed over and now the resi
dents of (!len Ellen and vicinity who have
a predilection for catching trout out of
season are a bit careful that no strangers
are about when they cast their lines.
Two men were chased by a deputy of San
Rafael a few days ago who happened upon
"the anglers" when they were fishing the
headwaters of Lagnnitas Creek. The deputy
or constable was searching for poachers
who have been killing deer when he en
countered the fishermen.
Bame Warden Mogao discovered recently
a new scheme by which some professional
fishermen who reside near Ager were ship
ping trout to this City. The fish were
taken from the Klanuith River and shipped
in boxes which were labeled "wild rab
bits." The warden looked with suspicious
eyes upon this rather strange address, and
had tne boxes opened for inspection.
They were shipped by (i. Rogers of Ager
to 6. Berti of l'-'O Washington street and
A. J. B. linmel of 1U» Washington street.
The consignees declined to accept the
boxes from the expre>s company, and con
sequently the Game Warden was power
less to arrest the merchants.
During the past month angling for steel
heads in the tide waters of the Russian
River has been very goon. John Butler
and Mr. Donaldson returned from Dun
cans Mills last Tuesday with nine beauti
ful tish, that averaged from two pounds to
eleven pounds in weight. Several tisJi
were also taken from the Taper-mill Creek,
near Point Reyes.
According to the appearance of the
weather a rainstorm is not far off. Con
sequently a rush of winter fishermen is
expected' to-day to various points fre
quen'ed by the handlers ot salmon roe
and shrimp.
John Gallagher, the champion angler of
OaKiand, recently returned from Pesca
dero, where he enjoyed several days of
good fishing in the Pescadero la«oon.
Among a party of anglers who enjoyed
pood fishing ]a«t Sunday near Point Reyes
were Rod McMillan,. lohn Benn, Al Smith.
Louis Rondeau, J. McFarland and several
other disciples whose names oould not be
ascertained. McMillan caught five fish,
but one of the number hn<l the appear
ance of what is generally known among
the jrinteT anglers as a hookbill. "1 con
tend that the fish, notwithstanding its
color, is a stoelhead that has been in fresh
water for some time," said General Battu.
McMillan did not acquiese, however, but
argued thattne fish belonged to the hook
bill variety.
"I a>:ree with you, McMillan," retorted
John Benn. "Any fish that is as brown aa
this fellow must be game and a memner of
the hookbill family. Yes, that's a hook
bill sure enough, Me; can't you see," and
old Benn smiled blandly as ho looked into
the eyes of the handsome disciple of Wal
ton.
The Fly-casting Club will meet this
afternoon at Stow Lake for the purpose of
enjoying a little practice in casting.
A. N. Cheney, the Slate Fish Ctilturist of
New York hasissued the following circu
lar relative to the planting of fry, which
should prove interesting reading to Dep
uty Fish Commissioners:
Rrook, brown, rainbow and Loch Leven trout
should be planted in small spring rivulets
tributary to the larger intended to be stocked.
From the rivulets they will work down as they
grow into thr- main stream.
Lake trout snotild be planted among bowl
ders or rocks on a shoal in midlake very near
to deep water, into which the young trout
soon find their way. In the absence of such
shoals with rocks to afford hiding-places for
the youiiK trout they may be planted on nat
ural spawning-bods, when they are known.
In transporting young trout If tnev come to
the surface of tne water in cans it is a sign of
exhaustion, and the water should bti frequently
aerated by dipping it from the can in a dipper
and let fall into it again from a considerable
height.
It is safer to aerate the water placed in the
cans at the hatchery than to add fresh water
during the jo urney, the qualities of which are
unknown. Should the water in the cans be
eurae warm, the temperature should be reduced
by the addition of ice broken into small pieces.
If the water in the cans containing young
trout should be warmer or colder than the
water in the lane or stream at the time of
planting the fish, the temperature thoula be
equalized by mingling the two waters in the
can before the tish are turned out as marked
changes in the temperature may Kill the young
trout.
Fishcans ordinarily hold about 5000 trout
fry, and not more than three cans of fry
should be planted in one year in a .stream from
six to eight miles long, and the fry should be
well distributed throughout the length of the
stream by planting in rivulets, as previously
stated, as by bunching the plant there is
danger of exnausting the food suitable for the
young tlsh.
Fry or yearling fish should be planted as
soon as received and never under any circum
stances kept over night without constant
watching and aerating the water. Trout are
sent out by the Mate in the spring or fall, as
transportation during the hot months is at
tended with great risk.
Applicants for tisli should so far as pos
sible ascertain the kinds and quality of the
fish food in the streams they desire to plant.
THE OARSMEN.
South End Rowing Club's Entortaln-
ment— New Shells and Barges.
The South End Rowing Club will hold
its rirst reception in three years on Thurs
day evening, the 16th inst., at Native Sons'
Hall.
The club will be assisted mainly by the
Olympic Club Minstrels.
A well arranged programme, chiefly
musical, will take up the tirst two hours of
the evening, to be followed by a reception
and dai.ee.
The committee having the matter in
hand consist- of Messrs. J. E. Scully, John
D. Mahoney, William J. O'Brien, James P.
O'Sliea, John A. Lenalian and Al Fritz.
The South Ends are abo maninc prepar
ations for a championship regatta, to hi
held at El Canipo on Decoration day,
May 30.
The Stockton Athletic Association,
Olynndcs, Ariels, St. Mary's College, Dol
phins, Pioneers and Alamedas are expect
ed.to take part.
Joe Brennan, formerly of the Ariel Club
but now a member of the Farragut Club
of Vallejo, is in the City and states that he
will endeavor to get up a strong crew from
Vallejo to row in the junior events at El
Canipo.
The South Ends will hold a special
meeting next Wednesday evening. Al
Rodger?, the raceboat builder, has been
awarded the contract for building the club
two outrigger skiffs, to be finished by
April 1.
The Ariel Boat Club's entertainment and
dance at Union -square Hall on April 7
promises to be a brilliant success.
The principal professional talent of the
City have volunteered their services, and
the rowing fraternity will undoubtedly
attend in a body.
A new juniorcrew has been orsanized ia
the Pioneer Club, composed of the follow
ing men: W. Foley, stroke; \V. Cook,
afterwaist; F. Panow, forward waist; J.
Hanley, bow and captain; and G. Fitz
simmons, coxswain.
The South End senior barge crew, the
candidates to represent California in the
regattas of the N orth and East, will soon
begin active training.
Within the next two we>ks the Dolphin
Club at North Beach will have selected
its racing crews for the season.
Many candidates for positions in the
boats liave been tried out, and Captain
W. 0. Patch thinks he can select a crew
that will prove worthy emulators of the
crack South End crew.
The Dolphins will all be bedecked in
their new uni forms next Sunday and will
rendezvous at Harbor View.
The rowing fraternity will be pleased to
lf-arn that Bob Ellis, the crack rower of
the Ariel Club, is rapidly recuperating
from the accident he met with recently.
Efforts are now being made to have the
Columbia Boat Club of Oaklapd join the
Pacific Athletic Association.
GUN AND RIFLE.
Contests That Will Be Held To-Mor
row Before the Bi'tts and Trap?.
To-morrow the Gruetli Shooting Section
will hold a prize shooting competition at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, and the dis
tribution of prizes won at the butts will
take place on the evening of the 19th inst.
at 421 Post street.
The California and Eintracht Scbuetzen
clubs will also put in an appearance to
morrow at the San Rafael ranges.
Speaking of backing for targets, this is
what Shooting and Fishing says:
Get a piece of boiler-plate of suitable size and
one-quarter of an inch thick and bore holes for
screws. Fix it firmly on two inches or more of
solid hard-wood backing. Cut bottom and bide
pieces to project at;out four inches from the
face of the plate and cover them with two
layers of tin. On the side pieces nail thin
strips, leaving a space between in which the
cardboard slides. Have it at least three inches
from the plate, to prevent its being torn by
splatters. With this arrangement the fresh
targets can be .slid in from the top to replace
the old ones; thu lead will not fly and can be
collected for melting, and if plenty of thick tin
is used the sides will last a long whMe.
Howard Black and C. Neuraan killed
3."j0 «eese in one day's shooting recently
near Rio Vista.
There will be a number of trap-shooting
contests held to-morrow at the Oakland
Trotting Park.
HANDBALL.
*
Programmes Arranged by the Pro
fessional Courts.
The games announced for to-morrow,
and which will be played at the San
j Francisco ball court on Howard street, are
!as follows: •
G. McDonald and R. Shea to play M. McNeil
; and P. Ryan; J. White and J. Collins to play
| R. Murphy and M. Ed ward*; J. Kelson and P.
Hutchinson to play P. Kelly and J. Slattery:
A 1 Pennoyer and J. Kearney to play I). Con
! Nolly and G. Hutchinson; P. Donnelly, the
: amateur champion, and J. Riordau to play M.
J. Killgallon and T. F. Bonnet; J. Harlow, the
I coast champion, and W. Williams to play J. C.
; Kealon and M. Dillon, the game to be the best
three out of ti\ •• 21 aces.
The man.- ■ of the Union court have
selected sew ... good teams from among
| the local players, and tood playing will
j certainly result to-morrow afternoon.
Basket-Ball.
Basket-ball has become a very popular
i pastime with the members of the Young
Men's Christian As?ociation, and recently
the Rushers, who held the championship,
reorganized for the season, with the fol
! lowing players:
G. Kiarman (captain), E. Spacher, E.
j Fleischer, P. Shaw, W. Hassel, W. Mitch-
I ell, D. Hunraiian,; substitutes— R. Mar
i chand, L. Eld ridge, C. Kraiger.
Much credit is due the popular and well
known manager, Fred Shaw, in fathering
together the cream of basket-ball players,
i among whom may be mentioned Captain
j Kiarman and E. Spacber, who are the best
i goal throwers on the coast. It is hi> in
j tentiou to arrange series of games with the
I various other teams for a valuable trophy.
Coursing.
The dogs that have been entered for a
coursing meeting which will be held to
morrow at Ocean View will enter the slips
in the following order:
D. Yweedie's White Rustic vs. Villa kennel's
Electric, I). Tweedie's Dublin Stout vs. J. J.
Meahcr's Annie Dally, I. Kyan's Magpie vs. J.
J. KUiuunda' Valley Queen, F. Laumister's
King Carlo vs. C. Evans' Mascot, E. Tepper's
Menlo Maid vs. J. G. Thompson's Something,
J.G.Thompson's Happy Day vs. R. I'rinjjie's
Never Lift. ('. Coop's California Violet vs. R:
Prtngle'a Lady Byron, J. G. Thompson's Any
thing vs. D. Dunlea's Evening Star, Villa ken
nel's Tempest vs. T. Nunan's Yreka, Villa ken
ni'l's Maud li TB. J. Qnaiie's Captain Morse, J.
Sexsmith'fl Mission Boy vs. J. Moffett's Molly
Bawn, M. Kyan's Sculptress vs. i>. Burfeind's
Tnx.
The Cricket Association.
The Cricket Association elected the fol
lowing officers at its last annual meeting,
held last Wednesday evening at the Occi
dental Hotel: J. W. Warburton, president;
K. H. Delafield, first vice-president; D.
Hearneld, second vice-president; R. B.
Hogue, third vice-president; A. Coates,
fourth vice-president; Ben Clark secretary
and treasurer. The association will com
mence its season of cricket in April and
games will be held at Golden Gate Park,
Berkeley and at the Alameda grounds on
Saturdays and Sundays.
Clarke Wants a Pension.
Alfred Clarke wants a pension. He has ap
plied to the Superior Court for a writ of man
date, compelling the Police Commissioners to
pay him from pension fund an amount suited to
the rank he held prior to his resignation from
the force in 1888. lit- says he was on the force
from December, 1858,. to January, 1888, and he
last held the position of clerk to the Chief of
I'olice.at a salary of $150 a month. He says
he has applied ioj- the amount of his pension
for January and February of this year, but the
Commissioners refused his demand. Now he
wauts them compelled to grant it.
Mrs. Goodenow's Suit.
The damage suit of Mrs. Lina Goodenow,
whose husband was killed by the Howard-street
cars, has ended with a verdict in favor of the
defendant. It hns been tried four times. A
verdict for the plaintiff was rendered first, then
a new trial was granted ana then followed two
disagreements, now there is a verdict for the
defendant railroad.
■ NEW TO-DAT.
Consumption
and lung troubles
To the Editor v— ] have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lung Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing. By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases have been Permanently Cured. So
proof- positive am I of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, 1 propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their
Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely,
T. A. SLOCUM, MX.,
183 Pearl St., New York.
When writing the Doctor, visas' 1 state yon roail hit
letter in thi» paper and oblige— The Editor.
WILL MAKE THE SURVEY.
Hearts of the South of the Park
Property - Owners Glad
dened.
AT MR. TILTON'S OWN BISK.
The Work Will Go Ahead in Spite
of the City and County At
torney's Opinion.
If City and County Surveyor Tilton cares
to go ahead and make the survey and
establishment of grades asked by South of
the Park property-owners and then look to
the courts for his compensation he is at
liberty to do so.
The matter came up before the Judiciary
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday, a number of the property
owners being present to urge the matter.
Some time ago when the board was
petitioned to do do the work at an expense
of $11,000 the opinion of City and County
Attorney Creswell was a«ked as to the
i legality of the Surveyor charging anything
[ for the work outside his regular salary.
The answer was in substance that under
the law the $500 per year salary received
by Mr. Tilton was all he was entitled to.
This aroused the property-owners to ask
the opinion of other attorneys who fur
•nished opinions that the survey was a legal
charge asrainst the City and the result was
yesterday's argument.
Edward Ewald addressed the committee
i on the great necessity of establishing
j grades so that a sewer system might be
I put in. He said that in the present con
dition of the tract not only the property
but the lives of the residents were in dan
ger, owing tothe manner in which the win
ter rains accumulated in the lower places
to become stagnant and a menace to health
during the summer months. The winter
rains, he said, sometimes made the houses
so dangerous from washing under the
j foundations that the occupants were afraid
to stay in them. He declared that the
i laws quoted by Mr. Creswell, in his opin
ion, had been declared unconstitutional
by the Supreme Court, and intimated that
i ueless the board granted the request of the
I property-owners to have the work done by
Mr. Tllton as City Surveyor suits would
be brought to compel them to do so.
Mr. Ewald also intimated that Mayor
Sutro was opposed to the work because he
wanted all ttie improvements made on the
north side, in which he was more inter
ested.
Mayor Sutro then opposed the proposed
survey on the eround that at present it
would be a waste of money to survey the
tract and establisti grades* in the present
condition of the district because of the
shifting sands. He declared that the first
thing to do was to plant grass and shrubs
on the sandhills so that they would be
come stationary and not sllift over the
stakes and monuments as fast as they
were placed.
Mr. Ewald explained that the district
which was to be surveyed did not contain
shifting sand, and that the larger portion
was already covered with grass and shrubs.
Tne motion to recommend the authoriz
ing of the Surveyor to go ahead with the
work was passed unanimously.
A LUXURIOUS MONGOL.
Ridea in a Pullman, Eats Big Dinners
and Insists on Going Buck
to China.
United States Marshal Frank Morrell of
"Williams, Ariz., arrived here yesterday in
charpe of a Chinese woman 75 years old,
who is to be sent back to China in default
of the usual certificate allowing her to re
main. It is a singular case and the Gov
ernment has been trying for a year ana a
half past to avoid the expense of deporta
tion. The elderly Ci.inese woman, how
ever, who was discovered on this side of
the Mexican border, has been determined
that the deportation law of this country
shall be carried into effect.
She wants to go home to die, and as she
realizes the cannot live much longer, and
doesn't want to spare any of her own
money, she insists that X'ncle Sam pay
her expenses home. On the train from
the south she occupied a seat in one of the
finest Pullman cars and ate her meals reg
ularly in the dining-car. As she is an Ori
ental of anything but hitrh degree such
luxury was never before known by her,
and she seemed to enjoy it to the utmost.
Her expenses must "be paid back to
China, as they have been here.
NEW TO-DAY.
I ft** — — • —^— — /"\\ \
Every pair of our Shoes is
stamped with our name on
the sole and inside the Shoe.
That name guarantees you
Home, Manufactured Shoes,
with a reputation for quality.
, KAST'S, City Distributors,
738-740 Market. /
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD USE DAMIANAMTTEKS THU
kj great Mexican Kemedy; gives Hualiii »uj
Strength to the Sexual organs. ■"»«<•" »"«
BbSj?? maSollStoreoss,:
HIK <m: YA WV* Z*? (» tlon of a ( alnolll ' French physician, will quickly cure vou of all nor
■ \\\ /^ijm^i *; \T ? ons or diseases of the generative «>rKai, , such as Lost ManbSoT
g\ JU \£ **aU Insomnia, ,l'atns in the Back, Semiiml KtiHssions.KprX-o,^ DebiMtv"
m li^% { *&§' Pimp es,t' n fltriess to Marry, Exhausting Draint, Varioorf^e ri^
M , \_/ V V : Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevent? nnk-t
H nessoi discharge, which If not checked foars to Snprmnfc^-rhr^j
■ BEFORE and AFTER £ ' Ihot.^"?^1 h 0 t.^"?^° f . I?lpotencr - •'V»"«»K*K-leL ns e S theli^r, tht
CrPIIJENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ~ " u ** l " u . ea '
PrJ^i r t e csp?!)^^tro^n« K le^ - Jt 5
als. A written suaramee riven »nd money returned if six boxes does not effect a ?iX£nJ? onl "
%IJX) a ho^ . six f.,r $\(». by mail. Bond for fuze circular and testimonials permanent cur%
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal For sale by
. BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell strtab
NEW 1 TO-PAT. ,
REMEDIES CURE
CATARRH m ALL THROAT AND LOG
DISEASES.
Catarrh Leads to Indigestion, Insomnia,
Nervous Disorders, Consumption and
Many Other Diseases— Munyon .Posi-
tively Cures by His New Method.
Catarrh, itself an unpleasant disease, is
an insidious foe, and leads to other very
serious diseases. If not cured it will ex-
tend to the stomach and affect the di-
gestive organs, causing dyspepsia, which
makes life a burden. Weakness, debility,
insomnia and even insanity have followed.
Catarrh negiected also reaches the lungs
and ends in consumption and death. Dis-
charges from the Nose and Throat, Baa
Breath. Stuffed- np Nostrils and Head,
Pressure and Sharp Fains in the Head,
Dizziness, Sneezing, Nose-blred, Inflamed
Watery Eyes, liability to take Cold, stupid
heavy "feeling in the Head, Nausea, Deaf-
ness and Hawking and Spitting of Mucus
are some of the symptoms of catarrh.. -
Are you a sufferer with catarrh? Have
you taken all sorts of drugs and patent
nostrums? Are you tired of paying big
doctor bills without being cured? Are you
willing to spend 50 cents for a cure that
permanently cures catarrh by removing
the cause of the disease? If so, ask your
druggist for a 25-cent bottle of Munyon'a
Catarrh Cure and a 25-cent bottle of Ca-
tarrh Tablets. The Catarrh Cure will
eradicate the disease from the system and
the Tablets will cleanse and heal the
afflicted parts and restore them to a health-
ful and natural condition.
:=-;,; :;fi A Specific for Each Disease.
Professor Munyon puts up a separate
remedy for every disease. His Rheuma-
tism Cure seldom fails to relieve rheuma-
tism in from one to three hours and cures
in a few days. His dyspepsia Cure speed- •
ily cures all forms of stemach troubles.
His Cold Cure never fails to cure the most
severe cold in a few hours. The Munyon
Remedies are sold at all druggist's, mostly
at 25 cents a boitle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
RSF^e o
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRO3UO
diseases of the lifad, throat, lunirs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder]
of the bladder and tirinai*' orprans, rupture, pile*.
varicocele, hydrocele and" swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfnlness, failing memory and ail the distress-
ing ills resulting trom nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. (Jonorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis; thoroughly and forever cured. . -- . .. .
WRITK your trouble* if living away from tin
city and advice will -be 'riven you free of charge.'
Address F. L. SWKAN'Y, M. D., t
737 Market St. (Opposite Examiner oilice),
San Francisco, UaL.
VISIT...
Thos. H. B. Varney's
Rambler Diclorama.
IT IS ELEGANT.
New Rambler Bicycles and
Tandems to Rent. -
Two large Riding Academies.
Storage . Lockers . . Baths.
Market, Tenth and Stevenson Sis.
GOING RAPIDLY 2
Those few New, High-grade,
$100 BICYCLES for
S6O CASH •!==
An opportunity to secure at
less than wholesale cost the best
of the many good wheels on the
market is rare. Don't miss this
chance.
WHEELER & WILSON MFG. CO.,
933 Market St., opp. Mason.
4 ROYALTY couldn't ride a a
A more perfect wheel than the 5
IMONARCH
A It the King: of Bicycles. Royal i
>in every line and fcatnre^g—gg^ A
K imn<\'U. $sa* n .l $100, rally /jSrStfriSSw^^, #
J Monarch Cycle M°fgXo.E W®Hf
ALL LATHE^WORK^SSr^^FDR TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324 POST ST.S.F.STATE RIGHTS DENIED.
District Attorney Foote Says
Congress Alone Can Fix
Freight Rates.
ARGUES FOR THE GOVERNMENT
Probability That Counsel for the Rail
road Commission Will Open
on Monday.
Chief Counsel Herrin concluded his ar
gument in the Southern Pacific case in the
United Ststes Circuit Court yesterday
morning, closing his three days' speech
with a scathing denunciation of the prac
tice in vogue on the part of political par
tie* in exacting pledges from candidates,
whereby they engaged to perform certain
public acts after their election.
'"One of the Railway Commissioners, a
defendant in this action," continued Mr.
Herrin, "was pledged by his party to
secure a reduction of freight rates. It ;s a
remarkable fact that the only reduction
PACIFIC TELEPHONE
« TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
TELEPHONES^
« ■ .
WITHIN REACH OF
EVERY HOUSEHOLD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
$2.50 PER MONTH AND 5c PER SWITCH.
Double Line and Long Distance Instruments.
OR KITCHEN TELEPHONES
Will Be Supplied by GROCERS and Other TRADESMEN
FREE Upon Application.
IT WILL CONNECT WITH ALL TELEPHONE SUBSCRIBERS.
L. H. JACOBI,
Contract -A.ge:nt,
2ie B-clsli Street.
made by this commission was in the
case of the Southern Pacific, to the exclu
sion of the other lines in California. The
act of a party or people in pledeing a Rail
road Commissioner to reduce rates, or
to perform any other function whatever,
is unexampled in the history of any State,
save California. I maintain that if ihe
acts of a body pledged before election to
do certain ihincs were to be sustained by
the court ii would virtually mean a con
fiscation of railroad property in Cali
fornia."
At the close of Mr. Herrin's argument
Mr. Pillsbury, who was to have been the
next to address the court, waived his right
to speak at this juncture, provided he
might be allowed to do so later.
Judge McKenna said he could see no rea
son for not acceding to Mr. Pillsbnry's re
qnost, if the other counsel had noobjection
to ita being granted. For himself, he said,
the order in which the arguments might
be made wab of no moment.
After a brief sottovoce discussion among
the barristerial luminaries on both sides
it was decided to allow Mr. Pillsbury to
follow Attorney-General Fitzgerald. As
sistant Attorney-General Anderson will
precede his chief in reciting the history of
the mortgage which the Government holds
against the Central Pacific Company. Ex-
Judge Haynes will follow Mr. Pillsburv,
and Mr. Garber will close for the railroad.
When this course was finally agreed
upon United States District Attorney Foote
addressed the court on behalf of the inter
vention of the United States Government.
Mr. Foote looked rather feeble, and several
time during his spirited address his voice
trembled and became husky. Still his
argument was well worthy of the man,
being pernaps as florid and ornate a mas
terpiece of oratory as has been heard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, JB96'.
within the Circuit Court room for some
time.
He said that while no court hadfpower
to arbitrarily set aside a legislative enact
ment still courts might use their authority
I in applying the provisions of an enact
| ment to particular cases. He could not
I see how California should be treated by
} any other rule than the other States of the
! Union. If the Government has a right to
; tax one business enterprise it may tax all.
If the power exists in the Railway Com
'•. mission to override all other powers, then
I the Federal Government cannot be called
supreme nor the Federal constitution the
I highest law of the land.
"It is pretended now," he continued, "to
reduce the rates of the whole Southern Pa
| cine system and its leased lines. This
seems to strike a blow at the'rudimental
principles of justice. Surely taxation
should be as far as possible uniform.
Why, then, should one institution be
i singled out for attack?"
The matter of reducing transportation
; rates of interstate railways pertained, he
contended, to the Federal Government
and not to the States in particular, nor to
any State-constituted commission. He
cited the law to the effect that Congress
was the proper authority to pass upon
such is>atters. The Government, in con
stituting the railway company a legal cor
poration, supposed that its roads would be
run in a manner conducive to the general
good of the people of the entire Republic.
The corporation was to hold itself in readi
ness to transport troops, munitions and
mail matter as well as freight and pas
sengers. To do this the roads would have to
be kept in perfect order, whatever the cost,
and their owners were responsible under
this head to the Federal Government. He
cited dicta of Justices Field and Waite of
the United States Supreme Court in sup
port of this view.
The railway, he went on to argue,
should be subject to the public control in
so far as its business might affect the pub
lic interest. A diminution in its revenues
might work an injury to the republic,
either by forcing the railway into the
hands of a receiver, or by rendering it un
able to make any contributions to the
sinking fund. With the- railway thus
crippled, he said, many evils might with
reason be apprehended. Who could tell
when war might cast its blighting shade
over this country? In such an event the
utility of the railway to the country at
large would be luminously apparent.
How, save by means of the railway, could
troops, ammunition and supplies be con
veyed across the continent to places where
they might be most urgently needed.
"Congress," Mr. Foote went on to state,
"has given evidence of its intent to retain
the right of supervising the business of the
transcontinental railway and of regulating
its rates in case they mfght require adjust
ment. This right stiil remains with Con
gress, and has never been transferred to
the jurisdiction of any other tribunal."
Mr. Foote gave an outline of the rail
way's history, dwelling particularly upon
the events in connection with its incorpor
ation, as tending to show that the Federal
Government had retained in express terms
the right to control the operation of the
road, placing it under the jurisdiction of
Congress.
"The Government," he said, "aided the
establishment of the railway as a National
thoroughfare, a transcontinental highway
between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of
this ReDUblic. The project hung fire for
some years, until the civil war opened the
eyes of the people to the need of such a Na
tional highway, and the scheme was forth
with carried into effect."
In conclusion Mr. Foote said the ques
tion to be decided was whether the action
of the Railway Commission in the present
instance could be considered constitu
tional. He claimed he had proved to his
| own entire satisfaction, if to no one else's,
I that the Railway Commission had no con-
I stitutional right to take such action. Con
| gross reserved to itself the power to limit
j railway transportation rates, and had not
delegated that power. * Regard must also
! be had to the principles of natural justice
| and equity underlying the case at issue.
The railway, the country's protection in
the day of war and its comfort in time of
peace, had done much to render California
great and famous. He thought Califor
nia's hand should be the last to be raised
I against an institution which had so sig
nally benefited the State.
Court adjourned until next Monday,
when the counsel for the Railroad Com
missioners will open.
WHITE SUES ONCE MORE
He Wants the Lot Mrs. Galla
gher Left to the Arch
bishop.
The Deed Was Executed Too Near
Her Death, He Says, and Was
Never Delivered.
P. J. White, administrator of tne estate
of Ellen Gallagher, has added another suit
to the litigation over the disposition of
Mrs. Gallagher's property.
The suit is against Archbishop Riordan,
and it is to set aside a deed conveying to
the Archbishop a lot on fourth street
valued at $25,000. The deed was executed
April 5, 1895, and three days later Mrs.
Gallagher died. She had not given the
deed to the Archbishop, but had placed it
in the care of Father Nugent, the defend
ant in the recent suit. It was not deliv
ered by Father Nugent until after Mrs.
Gallagher's death.
The plaintiff claims that the deed -was
testamentary in character, and so was
void because executed within thirty days
of Mrs. Gallagher's death. It is also
claimed that the deed i a void because it
was not delivered to tne Archbishop until
after the maker's death.
The property is situated near St. Rose's
Church.
ORGANIZED FOR BUSINESS.
The YosemSte and Merced Railway
Elects Officers and Officials.
The directors of the Yosemite Valley
and Merced Railway Company met Thurs
day in the Mills building and elected
officers for the ensuing year as follows:
O. D. Baldwin, president; James Cross,
vice-president; American Bank and Trust
Company, treasurer; Theodore Reichert,
secretary.
E. T. Preston was elected general conn-
Bel, A. L. Stetson, general manager, and
G. A. Wulkop, traffic manager. An ex
ecutive committee consisting of Messrs.
Baldwin, Wulkop and A. L. Stetson was
appointed to manage the business affairs
of the new corporation.
DEALER IN SLAVE GIRLS.
Wong Sam Is Exposed as an
Importer of Chinese
Women.
SAD STORY OF DONG SUN YET.
She Was Sold as a Slave in China and
Brought to California to Follow
a Life of Shame.
Dong Sun Yet is a pretty Chinese girl, 20
years of age, and now a central ligure in
THE DEALER AND HIS CHATTEL BEFORE THE COURT.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist, i
i the Custom-house scandal. She was im
ported from her native land for the pur- |
• pose of engaging in an immoral calling in j
I San Francisco. She was brought over last
I November by a Chinaman engaged in the j
business of importing Chinese slave girls
and sold to Wong Bam and a woman
j named Ah Ling.
Dong bun Yet was on the witness-stand |
in the examination of Wong Sam before j
United States Commissioner Heacock yes
terday. She figured in the Custom-house
and Treasury Agent scandals, inasmuch as i
she exposed the character of Wong Sam, j
who is the one man on whose evidence \
i Major Moore expected to get a conviction
\ is the case against "Dick" Williams, the j
■ inspector now under a cloud. According i
' to her story Sam is c lit person for San
[ Quentin. llis businass is said to be that of
: a dealer in Chinese slave girls.
The witness stated that Ah Ling and i
i Wong Sam met her at the steamer on her
! arrival here. After being sold by the Chi
naman who brousrht her to this port for
the purpose of leading an immoral life
[ Wong Sam told her that he and Ah Ling
had bought her. Though a native of Chi A
she was told to say that she was born in
California, that, sbe went to China with
her mother when only 3 years of age, and
that her father was & merchant in China
town.
Dong Sun Yet admitted that her life in
Canton had not been the fairest. She had
been a slave for live years and was sold as
such lor $350. Mexican coin. This was
when she was about to embark for Califor
nia. She was told on leaving that after
serving as a clave for four years and a half
in San Francisco she would have earned
her freedom. Fortunately the missiona
ries had heard her story and took her un
der their sheltering wing.
Another Chinese woman testified that
Wong Sam had asked her to negotiate for
the sale of Dong Sun Yet. On being ques
tioned as to how she knew it was the same
woman that she was asked to sell she pro
duced a picture of Dong Sun Yet taken in
China.
Special Agent Moore was not present at
the examination of Wong Sam yesterday.
He has been vanquished all along the line
by Collector Wise, and is now regarded as
a person of a retiring disposition. Collec
tor Wise, on the other hand, took an ac
tive part in the prosecution, which was
conducted by Assistant District Attorney
Slessinger and Lyman I. Mowry.
The case will* be continued at 10:30
o'clock to-day.
"Texas Steer" at the Columbia.
The sale of seats for Hoyt's "Texas Steer" at
the Columbia Theater next week began Thurs
day with a rush, and the management confi
dently predict big business for the entire en
gagement. Everybody knows the fame of
"Texas Steer," and from the sale of seats so far
it seems as though everybody intended to see
it again for the second and perhaps third times.
It is computed that there are in
London some 50,000 families in such a
miserable plight that each family has only
one room to live in.
A GRAND JURY SESSION
An Indictment for Obtaining
Property by False Pre
tenses.
Supervisors May Amend the Open
Poker Ordinance as the Jury
Requested.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon
indicted James H. Cummings for obtain
ing money and property by false pretenses.
The indictment was found on the testi
mony of L. W. Schelle, W. H. Schooler
and A. Bainbridge and in due form re
ported to Judge Slack.
According to the testimony and th«
documents in the case Cummings in Sep
tember, 1894, obtained from G. Scheele on
an assignment of a promissory note and a
mortgage real property to the value of $7500.
Cummings represented that a promissory
note of one W. T. McCarty was secured by
mortgage on land in Sonoma County
valued at $5000 and land in Butte County
worth $2500. It was further represented,
according to the testimony, that H. M.
.Barstow, an attorney of JSapa, had ex
amined the title to the Sonoma County
land and found it perfect.
The complainant went before the Grand
Jury ana stated that the Sonoma County
land was not as highly cultivated as repre
sented; that it was not near Petaluma, as
Cummings stated, and that the title had
not been examined by Barstow.
It was further snown to the jury that
the Butte County land was not adjacent to
Bidwell's orchard, as represented and that
the soil was not a rich loam.
The Grand Jury was satisfied that Cum
mings made false representations to
Schelle and upon the false pretenses did
obtain valuable property.
The case was once in Judge Joachimsen's
Police Court, but waa dismissed on the
ground that the land was there for Schella
to examine before he parted with his
goods.
Last Monday the Grand Jury sent a com
munication to the Board of* Supervisors
asking that the ordinance against open
poker games be re-enacted to cure a defect
in the penalty clause. The Judiciary Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors has
recommended that the board correct the
ordinance according to the suggestions of
the District Attorney and the Grand Jury.
Early in the session of the present Grand
Jury a communication was received from
the Board of Education inviting thorough
investigation of School Department af
fairs. The subject was referred to the
committee of the jury which consists of
Frank P. McLennan, Alpheus Bull Jr.
and C. L. Haskell. It is expected that an
investigation will be made in accordance
with the request.
Says Mr. Searlea Does Not Care.
to the Editor of Tke Call—Sib: In The Call
of to-aay you have given prominence to a
statement that Mr. Searles desires to have me
j elected president of the 4rt Association. You
also recommend an opposition ticket, but add
that the members would not care to oppose
1 Mr. Searles' wishes. There is no foundation
! for the above statements. Mr. Searles does not
j know that there is to be an election, and has
! never given a thought to the presidency. He
j would be not only surprised, but indignant, to
know that such a rumor was afloat Ido not
want to be president, and Mr. Searles does not
I care who is president. Such unauthorized and
! lalse publications do not tend to encourage his
| generosity to this institution. I hope that you
| will give to this communication equal promi-
I nence with the article above referred to, in
j order that the members may have that free
dom of choice you intimate they do not care
to assert. Respectfully, H. G. Platt.
March 13,18&6.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
M3I3IARY Of THE MARKETS.
Coal coming in freely.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat lower. ;
All other cereals unchanged.
Hay easier and in larger receipt.
No change in Beans.
Potatoes steady. Onions firm.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline.
Poultry shows some fluctuation.
Vegetables keep steady.
Oranges firm and in reduced supply.
Apricot crop promises to be short.
Provisions unchanged.
No variation in Hides.
Hogs firm.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; lso- |
tnerms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and I
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low" ;
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low" is Inclosed with Isobars of marked curva
ture rain sooth of Oregon is improbable. With s.
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather m.'.v
be expected in summer and colder weather in win- '
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.
WEATIIER BUREAU REPORT.
»
■ United States Department ok Agricuia j
TURK, Weather Bureau, Sax Francisco. March I
13, 1898, sp. m. Weather conditions and general j
forecast : ■
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date 1
as compared with those of the same-date last year: 1
Eureka 32.01. last season 32.56: Red Bluff 14.53,
last season 25.30; San Francisco 13.89, last season j
21.99: Fresno 4.93, last season 11.78; San Luis
Ob:spo 14.61, last season 22.60; Los Angeles 7.82,
last season 12.57; San Diego 4.44, last season
10.67: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
50, lied Bln9 74. San Francisco 54, Fresno 72,
IS 4 ibi.spo 70. Los Angeles 68, San Dieso 60,
Yiima ga
■ San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54, I
minimum 46. mean 50. There was no rainfall j
anririi: the past twenty-four hours.
There are indications to-night of an approaching j
change in the weather. The fair weather condi- I
lions which have prevailed for the last ten days
have given may to conditions favorable for rain I
and decidedly colder weather. An area of low j
pressure is forming over Eastern California and
Western Arizona. There has been a decided fall !
in pressure during the past tweny-four hours over :
the Southern Pacific Slope, and in the past twelve ;
hours the. pressure has fallen as much as two- •
tennis of an inch over Northern California. Cloudy j
weather prevails over California. Northern Nevada j
, and Western Arizona, while snow is filling In I
Vtub. Over "vVashington and Ore-eon the weather '
continues clear. An area of high pressure overlies
the i>l iteau region and appears to be pushing i
westward. Should this high area move over
Utah ajul Nevada, decidedly colder weather with
rain and in some places snow may be expected. ■
High wind velocities are reported at many stations
torrvigbt. : Conditions do not yet warrant fore
casting frosts in California for Saturday night and.
Sunday, but all interested in fruit-growing should
consult! the map of to-morrow.
Forecast made at San -Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight March ti, 1896: •
. Northern F California— Fog alone the coast -and
probably showers Inland; colder; fresh westerly :
changing to southeasterly winds.'
Southern. California— lncreasing cloudiness and j
conditions favorable/ to frosts Saturday, night; j
cooler: westerly changing to northerly winds.
• Nevada— Cloudy weather and probably snow; I
. colder. .' " ■ ' „ -. ' '• . "
.. :It ah— Snow Saturday : colder.
: . Arizona— Croudy;.. decidedly colder.
San Francisco and -vicinity— Cloudy weather:
southwesterly winds changing to southeasterly;
probably xain.Saturday night.
. " „ o ALEXANDER O. MCABIK,
■ ■ ■ • Local Forecast Official.
>'EW YORK MARKETS,
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 13.— Speculation
at the Stock Exchange was quiet to-day. Total
sales were only 173,750 shares. General Electric
was the feature of : the trading at the opening, sell
ing at 383,4(&,39%. The final sales yesterday were
373/ 8 . The. jump in the stock was the result of the \
oflicial announcement of the settlement of differ-:
ences between the company and the Westing- :
bouse, which includes an interchange of patents to
a certain extent, a division of territories, etc. After
the • »ny rise the stock receded to 37 1 /2<!J37 s /i.
Pacific Mall was also a strong feature in the ear.y
trading, and advanced to 27*4-
It was reported that the steamer Rio Janeiro had
arrived at Honolulu and this strengthened the
stock. Later on there was a reaction to 26, bat a re
covery to 27 followed. The railway list did not re
spond to the advance in General Electric and Pa
cific Mail and ruled weak. London was a moderate
seller. Cable advices had it that the foreigners j
were disposed to sell because of the Senate debate ;
on the Cuban question. The currency plank I
adopted by the Ohio Republicans it was also said '
was unsatisfactory to certain European holders
of American securities. It should be said, how
ever, that the offerings by foreign houses on the i
whole were insignificant.
In the. afternoon dealings Tobacco was the spe
cial card and advanced 3 per cent to 82. The ad- :
vance was ascribed to manipulation and covering
of short contracts. Northern Pacific affairs re
celvt d more attention, ant it was given out that a
syndicate headed by .1. 1". Morgan liad been I
formed to reorganize the company. The reorgani- j
sation plan will be given out on Monday. Specula- I
tion closed linn in tone. Net changes show de- i
clines of ; 4 to " h per cent in the railway issues j
and gains of \ 4 to 2 per cent in the industrials. ;
Sugar lost % per cent.
Bonds were lower. Transactions aggregated . j
$927,000. Atehison general fours certificates fell '
%to 78: Missouri Pacific sixes, % 10 90Vj: St. i
Louis and Southwestern seconds, 114 to -9 8 / i;
Union Pacific gold sixes, 1% to 93: .Tennessee
(Mai, Birmingham division, consolidated sixes
rose- 3 to 95.
, Iti Government Donds 525,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 116%@117: $'21,000 of 1907, im/ a -
Grain.
FLOUR— Unchanged, dull: easy. Southern flour
unchanged, easy. live flour firm, quiet, $2 t>o@
a 90.
BUCKWHEAT—
MEAL— Quiet: v low Western, $2 20®
2 25: Brandy wine. $2 -0. i
RYE— Stat«% 49c delivered; Western. 4HiAc.
KaklEV— Firm; No. 2 Milwaukee. 4S@-isc
HA KLEY MA LT— Firm. Western, 65fc(,58c
WHEAT— DuII, weaker; No. 2 rev, store and ele- '•
valor, 77«4c: afloat, 79 1 . c: 1. o. b., 7b%(gi7i*«/ i e; :
ungraded red, 6iJ@Soc;. .no. 1 Northern, 72i^@ i
72% c .!
(i|iions were fairly active and weak at is/»@2c '
decline on easier cables, weaker West.foreign selling '
and local liquidations, May and July most active.
No. a red, March, 7iy 8 c; April, 713/ 8 c; Mav.69-Ve;
June and July, 693/ B e.
COKN— Dull, firm; No. 2, 38% c elevator; 39' Ac
afloat. ■
' options steady. Vi(& 3 /8C lower with the West,
Closing weak. May and July most active. March,
38c: May, '6by 2 c : June, 36c; July, 36y a c
OATS— DuII. easy.
Options easier, dull; March, 25y 8 c; May,
25c. Spot prices: No. 2, 8&% c: No. 2 unite, 27c:
NO. 2 ChteuKO, 1:6^0: No. 3, 24i /2 c; No. 3 white,
25Vic: mixed Western, 25y 2 - 2tsVi|C; while do,
*7@29c; white State. 27®29c.
>KED-Bran. 60&62^c.
MIDDLINGS— 6 s(*7dc.
H V B - Feed, 62 ViQWc
I'rovisions.
BEEF— Quiet, unchanged; beef hams dull. $14 50
(£ls; tierced beef, quiet: city extra India mess,
$15@16 50; cut meais, steady: pickled bellies, 12
It*. sc: do shoulders, 4y a ©4%; do hams. «y 2 fa.9c.
LARD— steady, quiet. Western, steam. »5 65;
city, $5; May, $5 70. • Refined, dull; continent,'
$6 90: .South American. *t» 15; -compound,
4fc«(s4 %c / -■-'---' 'I '•■•■: _ -I. '.
= i'ITKK-steadv. Mess, Slo@lo 50.
BUTTisK— Steady. Western creamery, l4@22c;
Elglns. 3Sc: ; imitation creamery rolls, 9@l3c
rolls. 6@BV 2 c . „-„,,
CHEESE— Fair demand. State, large. 6@6i/ 4 c;
do fancy, IOV4C: ; do small, 6@10%; part skims,
3Vi(«7c: full skims iyg@6c.: . f ,
EGGS— Fairly active. State and Pennsylvania,
llV»fflll s /i.c: Southern, 103.4 c; icehouse, case,
$2 So@2 70; Western, fresh, 103/ 4 @llc; duck,
23@28c.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady. City, 8 13-1 6 c: coun
try, 3y A &SV»e. -
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, firm. Crude, 21c:
yellow prime, 25V£@25s,ic: do off grades, 2&1
@25i...\
RESIN— DuII, steady. Strained common to good,
*170<ai 76.
TURPENTINE— Quiet. steady; 29@'29i/ic
POTATOES— Firm. Sweet, $1 20@4 76.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic, fair to extra. 3@s'4c;
Japan, 33/i@4c. " :
. MOLASSES — Moderate demand, firm. . New
Orleans open kettle, good to choice. 27@37c
' COFFEE— Steady, 6@lo points advance. March,
«13@13 15: April, $12 85; May. sl2 65@52 70;
June, $12 35: July. *11 95^12: September, $11 20
fill 30; December, $10. 90@10 95; January,
10 80. Snot Rio, ; quiet, steady. No. 7. 13%©
13-ic. ■■■•■.-. ,
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady; fair refining. MfcCJ
centrifutrnl: 96 ■■ test, 4 @ 4y B e. Refined, quiet;
No. 6, 45,.c: No. 7. 5 l-l6c: No. 8, 414 c: No. 9,
4 3-16 c: No. 10. 4y c: No. 11. 4 l-16c: No. 12, 4c:
No. 13, 3 16-16 c: off A, 4 7-16@4 11-16 c: mold A.
sVic; standard A, sc: confectioners' A, 4%c: cut
loaf and crushed, 6£>s c : powdered and cubes, BVic;
granulated, 5c -
.. " ; Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA ... FRUITS — Raisins, S-crown
loose, 3t 2 c; do 4-orown, 4@sc; do London
layer*, 80(dS90c; do clusters $1 25@1 40.
APJtICOTS— Bacs, 3 @l'-'i/ c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 13i /2 @lSc: unpeeled, 4@
B»4c. ■ .
PRUNES— Four sizes, bags, s@si/ ? c. ."-'o- '.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7%@Bc; do paper-shell,
11 (31
WALNUTS— Standard, 7@7i/ 2 c; do soft-shell,
2 @loc.
HOPS— DuII: State, common to choice, 2%@ |
8c: Pacific Coast. , 2y a @Bc. London market un- |
changed. ■
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, lts@22c; pulled, (
15@33c: Texas, 9@13.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON— Quiet: *1176<518 50.
COPPER— DuII: Lake." *10 80@ll.
LEAD— Easy : Domestic, S3 07i/ 3 10.
TIN-Quiet; straits. $13 30: plates, dull.
BPELTEK-Firm; domestic, *4 10@4 20.
CHICAGO MARKETS. \
CHICAGO, In-, March 13.— Yesterday after
noon's curb on wheat was weak, with selling of
"long" wheat in small lots taking place. The
opening this morning was with all the depression
remaining, and numerous stop orders were exe
cuted at the decline. During the morning there
was ' a moderate ' rally, but it was as a result of
covering by "shorts" and not of buying for an ad- (
vance. It is agreed to by all classes with few ex- .
ccDtions that it will only be through the means of
actual damage to winter wheat that values will j •
appreciate. Liverpool cables v&re weak and y$A I
lower. The weather, though cold, was not pre.ni- ! '
dicial to the crop. Receipts at Chicago were 26 :
cars, and the Northwest had 290. Local.withdraw- :
als from store were 122,716 bushels. About noon ! 1
the liquidation by "longs" became energetic and j
prices slumped to 62% c for May, a full cent and a ■ :
halfdecllne from the outside for the day. Export j
clearances were fair at 312.648 bushels. Closing
Continental cables were generally lower. The
close was weak at tht inside quotations of the day.
May wheat opened from 62V2@63S y ic, sold be
tween 64(5;64V8C and 621 ,c, closing at 62 Vjc bid.
15/ 8 c under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 40 cars.
CORN— Was dull. The wheat market was the
principal explanation for the weakness, although
there was nothing reassuring in the situation of
corn itself. Receipts were 283 cars, and 76,800 ,
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cables j
were quiet' and unchanged. Export clearances
were 198,449 bushels. ' May corn opened at 30c.
declined to 2P5 B e. closing at 29'ic, *4@ s /sc under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 350 ;
cars. ,
OATS— A moderate decline was noted In oats. |
The tone of the other markets was responsiole for
the loss to prices. Receipts were 179 cars, and
62,792 bushels were taken from store. May oats"
closed J^c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 235 cars.
FLAX— Was firmer. Cash, 90c; May, OOUjC
Receipts were 19 cars.
PROVISIONS— Product had no prospect of firm
ness, in view of the surroundings. All the grains
were weak, and the yard reports were no better, a
larger number of hogs coming In than was ex
pected, and prices losing /2 @sc. A depreciation |
took place at the start, and at the close there was i
none of the loss recovered. May pork closed 7^,c !
lower, May lard unchanged, and May ribs 6c
lower.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT — March, 61c; May, 621,4; July,
63 "Ac.
CORN-March, 28y c; May, 28*4 c; July, 3034;
September, 32c
OATS— May, 2034 c; July, 20y a c; September,
21c '
PORK— May. $9 66: July, f 9 82i£.
LARD— May, $5 42y a ; July, *5 57Vi-
KIBS— May. *5 20; July, $5 30. .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ik., March 13.— There
was a fairly active and strong market for cattle
to-day, the receipts being light and the demand
good. There was a good supply of hogs. Prices
were firm and 5c higher in some instances. Re
ceipts of sheep were light and prices ruled 103
higher.
CATTLE— Receipts. 4000. Fair to best beeves,
$3 60fa.4: stockers and feeders. $2 70@3 80: mixed
cows and bulls. $1 50@3 75; Texans, *3@4.
HOG9— Receipts, 27,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. 93 &5@4 05: mixed and butchers',
S3 85&4 0&; rough packing. $3 75@3 85; light,
S3 Hs@4 12 V 2; pigs, SS 40(0,4.
SHEEP— Receipts, 60U0. Western, S3 15@3 65:
lambs, S3 50f$4 70.
. DUX'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
. NEW YORK, K. V., March 13.— R. G. Dun &
Co. will say to-morrow in their weekly review of
trade: Failures for the week have been 300 in
the United' States against 266 last year, and 60 in
Canada against 57 last year. .
Waiting Is still the rule. Large hopes, but little
actual business - explains the strength of some
markets and the weakness of others. Tho«, far
there is a decided increase in the demand for boots
and shoes secured by considerable concessions in
price, but in other branches of trade concessions
are made in vain or are not made. Meanwhile, it
is encouraging to know that one of the most im
portant business Interests has realized definite
improvement.
The insurance companies, of which returns are
given- in detail this week, show a larger business
and larger income than ever before, and also a
I remarkable soundness of mortgage loans and other
Investments. » * ■
As prices about February 21 were on the whole
I the lowest ever known, in this country consider
i able space is given this week to comparison of
[ quotations in the most important branches of
! manufacture which show the extent of the reaction
since the rise last fall. It is especially noteworthy
' that prices of materials have varied quite differ
ently from prices of manufactured products.
Thus cotton is 27.6 per cent higher than a year
: ago, but cotton goods average only 10.7 percent,
: Wool s but 5.3 per cent higher than a year ago,
; but woolen goods are on the whole but 4 percent ;
lower. Pig iron Is only 17 per cent hieher than a I
year ago, while finished products of iron and steel
; average 45 percent higher. Boots and hoes are
! practically no higher than a year ago, while leather
has risen 11.5 per cent, and hides at" (he moment I
] are only 2.2 per cent higher. '1 hese comparisuns
are important because they disclose something of
I the grave dislocation of prices which inadequate
1 consumption arid combinations have produced. ;
The output of pigiron March I was 189,583 tons
weekly, against 198,599 February 1. but the un
sold stocks have risen 69,764 tons during the past
month, or 17,441 weekly, and the unsold stocks of.
the great steel companies are not included. There
is reason to believe that actual consumption is
I still at least 10 per cent smaller than the produc
! tion of pig, and the price of Bessemer at Pittsburg
j has iigain declined slightly to $12 25, with excep
-1 tionally large sales below that figure. Prices of
I finished products are not quotably lower, although
j all markets are weak In tone. Of the minor nie
alscopper is in moderate demand at 11.12 c, and
there is more movement in tin at 13.4 c, while lead
is slightly weaker at 3.15 c. Tin : plates are weak,
> in part because of light demand.
Cotton goods sell but slowly, notwithstanding
I recent reductions in price, and the enormous ac
| cumulation of unsold stocks causes apprehensions
; in many quarters. In woolens the demand is very
! largely for low-grade goods, and fierce competition
affects the prices of the better grades materially.
j In cl£y worsteds the manulacture has been so fur
j overdone that stoppage of some most important
works Is considered not impossible. Sales of wool
at the three chief markets are the smallest in live
i years. Prices are still maintained, with decrease
I in Australian supplies.
The market for wheat Is weaker, with no belter
; reason than the Government report of wheat In
! farmers' hands, which is altogether out of keeping
I with the Government estimate of ayeprago. and
I yet is probably more nearly correct. : Western re
j ceipts still exceed last year's, and for two weeks
! have been 4,567,392, against 3,636,715 last year.
I while the Atlantic, exports, flour included, this
i week, a little smaller than a ; year ago, have been
I for two weeks 2,921,097, against 3,510,152 last
' year, : .
Corn Is a shade firmer, without apparent reason,
; andcottuD gaimd a sixteenth, although the pros
pect of the yield this year is at least as good as it
has been at any time. ,"
'1 he stock market has not been much changed.
BANK CLEARINGS.
YORK, N. V., March 13.— Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
March 12. with comparisons, . as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York.., $623,111,217. 9.2 .;.../
805t0n........... MJ.268.094 4.0
Chicag0:....:..." H.->.358,,0J 0.9 ......
Philadelphia 66,336,1*27 ...... -■• 8.5
St. Louis.. .23.690.386 ...... 6.7
Pitt5burg......;...:.;... 12.379.749 1.6 ......
Cincinnati..: 12.003, .00 ...... 0.8
8a1tim0re............:.. 14,443. '26.3 ......
Sao Franci5c0.......... 12.740,372 .:.... r 8.6
Kansas City.'.;;.. 9748,117 - 0.3 ....:.
New Orleans... 8,414, 1.5 ......
; Louisville 6,663,664 *2.3 \......
: Detr0it. ................ 895,486 1.2 ......
Minneap01i5...:......... ft.BU.I9H 1.9 ......
1 C1eve1and............... . 6,211.834 9.2 ......
Providence , 4/235,100 6.4 ......
Milwaukee 4,248.004 ...... 2.7
indianauolls ."......, 3,721,422 3.1
8uffa10........ 8,920,360 10.4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. MARCH 14, 1896.
St. Paul. - 5,f>49,364 2.6 ......
0maha.................. 4.512,640 49.8
'Denver.................. 2,722,013 1.4
Salt bake.....:;..;....: 1,411,961 31.7 ......
Los Ange1e5............. 1.356.081 5.4 ......
Portland. 0r............ . 897,449 ...... 14.4
Tacoma 488,456' 7.7
Seattle.:..: 414,105 5.0 ......
5p0kane........... 380,823 6.4 ......
Totals U. 5.... 43,098,024 ' . 6.0 ......
Outside of New YorK -•-;■-• ;.v- • ' •
City... .......:. 413.986.807 .
DOMINION OK CANADA. "
Montreal J.... $9,203,850 ...... 7.0
T0r0nt0...... 6,666,493 24.2 ......
Ha1ifax........ 974.086 1.0 ......
Winnipeg..... .. 1,011,611 54.3 .
Hami1t0n......::..:....;: 62*2,622 12.2 ......
, Totals $18,478,712 5.7 ......:
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, . Exchange, Money and Railroad
.'-;.' Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3@3 Ya%: last
loan at $%, and closing offered at 3%. Prime mer
cantile paper. 6@sy a %. Bar silver, 68y c. Mexican
dollars, 65Vg@56c. e*terllng exchange is easier,
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 $6%
@4 87 for 60 days and f 4 873;@4 88 for demand.
Posted rat**, $4 87y 3 @4 t*By . Commercial bills,
«4 85 3 i@4 86. Government .bonds steady; State
bond* linn; railroad bonds easier. Silver at the
board was strong.
' ■ lUOflK* STOCK*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 i Norfolk A War.... I*4
Atcnison ......'... 16 | Preferred....;.... 7i/4
Preferred '- & A' Northern Pacific.. 3
Adams i--xpwss...l47 Preferred las/ 8
Alton.'ferreHaute, 60 Kortnwestern......lo3y
American Express.lll Preferred.... 14 i/ 2
American Tobacco. 81% N. Y. Central £734
Preferred.. 100 X . Y. Chlc«Mco<ft&L I'-^
Bay State Gas 21% Ist preferred..... 'U
Baltimore « Ohio.. 16 I 2d preferred. 2H
Brunswick Land*.. 0 %, X. Y. AN. H.......176
Buffalo, Boch & I*. 1* I«. Y. * New Kng. 40
Canada Pacific.... 65 N. Y. Bus<i<fc W... 9%
Canada Southern.. *9% Preferred......... 26
Canton Land....... 607/ 8 Ontario. 13
Central Pacific... 15 Ontario Western. 14%
Ches.<& Ohio. 16^4 Oregon Improvmfc .51,,
Chicago Alton .155 I Preferred —
Preierrea... 170 Oregon Navigation, 12i/$,
Chicago JJ.&Q....' "'• - jOreeon Bhort Line. 4y
Chicago <fc K. 111... 43 ; Pacific Mai1. ....... 26y*
. Preferred......... 96% Peoria. D.<fc Evan*. 2y~
Cbicagowaa........ 6«3 /8 Pittsburgh W pW. 19/
Cleve A Pittsburg.l6o Pullman Pa1ace...157
Consolidation Coal. 30. Quicksilver „ 1.1,4
Consolidated Gas.. 154 Preferred. ... 15
C. C. C & Su Louts. 3H>4 Reading ... 11%
Preferred «» KkKirande dtWettn Ik
Colo. Fuel «S Iron.. 29 I Preferred. 43
Preferred..:....- '98 Bock 151 and....... 71i£
Cotton Oil Cert.... 16Vi AOgdenll6i 4
Commercial Cable. IHO St. L.«fe 8. W 5
Del. Hud50n....... 12t>V 4 Preferred H34
Del.Lack&Westernl6iy a St.Paul..... 77v 8
Denver<EK. 13 <i Preferred.... l-9i.4
Preferred ißi 8 Bt. Paul* Duluta. -.4
Distillers. .18 , Preferred 89
General Electric... 37 % St. Paul A Oman*. 4014
trie ......... IS i Preferred.. ....... 124
Preferred .... :->9 ;Bt.P. M. '* M 110
Fort Wayne 160 ; Silver Uertincat«s.. 6*14
GreatNortb.ernDfO.lod Southern Pacific. 19
Green 8ay.......... .*/% souinern A. X..... 91/.
i Harlem .....29 1 Preferred. 303/,
Hockln* Coal Sl /2 bugar Kefinery....ll6v% |
Hocking Valley... l, I Preferred. 101
Homestake .. 30 Term. Coal <& lroa M*/.
H. * Texas Cent-. lJ * Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 95y a Texas Pacific 8s/ 8
lowa Central. 8i, 2 ToI.A.A.A N.Micli,
Preferred 3/ 14.101. & Ohio (Jen.... SO
Kansas dt Texas.. H4ii' Preferred 65
Preferred iol.Bt.Louts&K.O. 4~
Kingston & Pern... 3 ; Preferred 10
Lake Erie & Westn 29 Union Pacific 7V. I
Preferred 79y 2 L. P.. Den. & Quit. 4
Laxe Shore 147 V .B. Cordag*....,.. 6V» '
National Lead . 237/ 8 ' Preferred 10
Preferred 851^ Guaranteed - 2'^
1 Lonidsland 81 I. S. Express.. 40
• Louisville & Nash. 52s, 8 U. B. Leather 9y, '
Louisville Ka<t Co. 9i 4 r Preferred 6ly« 1
Preferred 2o ,U. S. Ku0ber....... 26
Manhattan Consoi.ll3y 8 Preferred s4 .
Mempnis & Cnarls. 13 Utlca B. River.. 151
Mexican Central... lls /4 Wab. 8. L. & Pao.. 6J«A ;
I Michigan Central.. 95 Preferred 1 73 / I
I Ulnn&H. l Vv'ells-Far5r0.. ...... 96
Preferred. , Western Union.... B^% '
lllnn. A St. Lcom. 19 Wts Central.. ...... 3 V*
Ist preferred Wheeling <t L. X.. ios«
2d preferred 49 Preferred......... 36 v, |
! Missouri Pacific.... 23% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 61 V«
! Mobile* Ohio 2i% W v Beef 8%
; Nashville Cbatt.... 68 Ann Arbor 10
; National Linseed.. 16 Preferred 25
' N.J. Central 106 Brooklyn Transit 22
I Nprth American... 5' 4
CTO. i.\u BOKIM.
! fF4f,re« 108 !MKT2dS «0
Do. 4b coupon... l l0 V a Do, 45..... 86
; V 6 4s new reg..... 1163,^ Mutual Union 65.. .115
Co, 4s coupon... 1 1 f.Si, X J Cent Gen 55..,117y a
Da 25... 95' I Northern Pac lsts.ll7 .
Do, 6s. 11-%! Do. 2da...... 1121^
Do. 6s c0uD0n.... 11234) Do, SCs :... 81»/
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 one west Consols. 139
Do, 1897 100 1 Do, deb 65........ 110
Do. 1898.......... 100 O RAN lsta 110%
Do. 1899 ..100 BiLAlronMtGenßs 79Va
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... Bt LA 8 F G«n 65.1P6 .
D. C. 3-6 6s 110 ibt Paul Consols ...128
Ala Class A 4.T.....K8 bt. P. C. APa lsta.llßVi :
Do. Class 84. 6s. 108 i Do. Pac CaJ ists.. 1 1 0 1 > 2
LaConsol4s... 98 .Southern R. R. ss. 90y«
illesonrl fundlne..— Texas Pacific firsts 89
N Carollnacon . r.'JVz Texas Pacseconas. /3
Do, «i 103 UnlonPaclstof96.lo3
Fo Carolina 4y 2 »... 107 i West ore 4s 1051/,
1 Term new as.. S7'4;Mobtle A Ohio 45.. <?6V a
. Aft funding debt... CIVijR OranaeWest lsu 76 .
Co, reg Ches<fcO6s 109
Do. deferred 6«. .. . 6V». Atchlson 4* 78
Do, trust rep st 6 . Do, 2ds A. ....... 26
Canada South Ms.. iU4i/ 2 HA 8 A 65....« 108
1 Cen Pac lstsor'9s 101 j Do. 2d 7s. .......102
Den&RGlat 113 B A Tex Cent 110
Do. «s 891^: runes 106
; Er1e2d5...... 741/2 Reading 4s 77V a
Kansas Pa Consols 73 • Missouri ....... 100
Kb Pa lsta DendlvlOs I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., March The spot market
Is dull at 6s 6V2'l. Cargoes dull at 28s 9 V«<l arrived.
FOTHKES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool Quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
6s 634 d; April. Ps 5%d; Way. 5s 6 /jd; June, 6s
6%d ; July, 6s 6*43.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esq., March 13.-Consols, 109 13-1«;
silver, 31 9-16 d: French Rentes, 102f 77% c.
EXCHANGE AND ' BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — f 4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight ..... — 4 BHV«
Sterling Cables — 4 88 Vis
New York Exchange, sight...... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine Silver, Q ounce — 68%
MexicaD Dollars...: 66V4 66
PRODUCE MABKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market continues to shade off.
Business la at a standstill, as the shippers are not
buying. Shipping descriptions are lower, but
choice milling keeps up, being scarce. No. 1,
$1 Ob»i: choice, 91 10; lower grades. $I@l 07Vi;
extra choice for milling, $1 20@l 25 'f> ctl. * "
CALL BOARD SAI..KB. I
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— Boo tons.
.$1 0934: 300, $1 101/s- December-600, $1 07%;
100, ?i O7.v s ; 200, $1 07%.
Regular Mornixo SSkssion— December— lloo
tons, SI 071/4; 1100, 91 071/g. May— loo, $1 091,4;
100, *1 09%; 300, $ 1 09%. ; \ .
A kternoon Baboon — December — 200 • tons,
II 071/4', 700, $1 073/,: 1100, *1 07V,: 800,
$1 075. May— $1 09%; 700,91 09:'*; 400,
91 10; 100, 91 101/g. /; -. ;-. .■ kV
BAHLEY- The market shows nu fluctuation.
Feed. t>7Vj<o,7o.: $ ctl; choice. 7iy 4 @72y c 'ft ctl;
Brewing, 7 s@B2y c.
. CALL BOARD SALKB.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kkoit.ak Morning Session— May— 4oo tons,
71«/ 8 c; aoo,7lVic; 200, 7H/8C
Aftkrnoon session— May— tons, 70% c;
200, 70% c; 100, 7iy 8 700, 71c. December—
100, 7-/ c. :
OATS — Are very quiet. Milling are quot
able at 75@80c * ctl; fancy Feed, 80@82»/ c '$>
ctl: cood to choice, 72 2 @77 Vic; common to fair,
65@70c: Gray. 70@75c; ned, for seed, 85@$1 05;
Black 65c(<u$l 10; Surprise, 90@95c.
CORN— Dealers report the market dull. Large
Yellow, 87y>@90c: Small Bound do, $ I@l 02y 3 ;
White. 80@85c ?. ctl.
KYE— BU@Biy 2 c fl ctU
BUCKWHEAI— •$ CtL
FLOUR AXD MIL.LSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 90(d,i ?> bbl ; Bakers' extras, 93 80®
3 90: superfine, $2 76@2 86 '■& bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 BO;
Cracked Corn; $21 f> ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-!b sacks are fol
lows, usual discount to the 'trade:: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour, 31,4 c; Rice Flour, 7^c; Corn-'
meal,' 2 :< .j[(gJ3c; extra -cream do, 3'/ 2 c: Oatmeal,
334 c: Oai Groats, 41 c;. Hominy, .4fai4V2C; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; (.racked Wheat, tfVic; Farina,
4yac;> whole Wheat Flour, 8c: Rolled oats, 4 y c;
PVurl Barley, 4y 3 Split Peas, 43/ic; Green do,
sVic '# lb.' •■- - ' ■■.-■
HAY AND FEKDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$12@12 50 $ ton. * . f,
MIDDLINGS— »» ton for lower grades
and $17 50@18 50 'f, ton for the best.
FEKDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. ;«l6@l7 » ton;
Oilcake Meal at th>- mill, *21 ~& ton: jobbing,
$2150; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. .
■ HAY— Is weak under increased arrivals, but no
lower. Wheat. $*»$ 11 60: Oat, $B@9: Wheat and
Oat. $8@11: Barley, *7@o; Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover,
$6@B 60; Compressed, $7@lo 60; Stock, $6@7 %i
ton.
bTKAW- 3B@t>oc 1* bale. -.*:.
'beans AND seeds.
. BEANS— Continue quiet. Bayos, 91 10@l 'JO:
Small Whites, sl 25@1 40; Pea. $1 40®l 50; Large
Whites, $1 10@l 15; ,; Pink. 90c@*l 20; i Reds,
$1 65@1 90;: Blackeye," . nominal; Red 1 Kidney,
nominal; Limas, $2 25@2 65: Butters, 91 40(31 60.
• NEEDS— brown : Mustard, 91 95@2 - 05 ; Trieste,
*'_"i-J 20 f> ctl: Yellow Mustard, *l 40@tl 60; Flax,
$1 70®l 76; Canary, 3i.4@3yao "t* ft; Alfalfa, 8'&
9c a fc: Rape. l%@2c %* tt>; Hemp, 4c $ lb.
DRIED PEAS-91 25(^1 40 » ctl for Nile* and
?1 26®1 45 tor Green. . ;
■."■■■ .-- ■ -■ : ■"-■- ■'■'■'■-■....■.. '■..■■ ■'-'.;.■■ .v ". .^■■-..-- ■'..
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
, POTATOES— Steady and not materially changed.
New ' Potatoes are ■, quotable :■ at - iy 2 @3c "$ Ib;
Stockton Sweets, 91 60@2 fi ctl; Merced Sweets,
92 25@2 75; -- Salinas Burbanks,' • 76<8>90: Kivef
Burbnnks, 30@40c 5) sack: Oregon Burbanks, 60®
70c: Oregon Garnet Chiles, '7o©Bsc; River. Reds,
60@60c %* ctl; Early P.cise, 40@46c; Petalumas and
Tomales. 40@50c.
■---. ONIONS— steady. Receipts light. Good to choice,
60@86c Tfr ctl; cut Onions, 26@40c; Oregon. 90c®
9 1 15 i? rtl. .•:.-.-... - ■ (:■-■ - :.:■■■...■ ,;;-.•
i VEGETABLES— Arrivals were BtJ9 'boxes
Asparagus and 649 boxes Rhubarb I and 210 sacKS
Peas. - ■-'. ,- ... ■ . -,■ .y - - , ;,- ■; .-.,..-
-■ There was no particular change in any descrip
tion. ■,"■ ■ - . ■• - ...• ■ ■ .■;.:. ■■-: - .■■■-••
Egg Plant, — « ft ; Mexican : Tomatoes, fl 50
@1 75 31, b0x; Cucumbers, Sl@2 * dozen: As
paragus, $1 26®1 75 $ box for ordinary and f2@
2 50 for extra; Rhubarb. 50@75<*; Mushrooms,
10@25c i^- ft; , Dried Peppers, 10@12V*c: Green
Peppers, — -; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 26@1 75
V box; Green' Peas- iy 2 (a2< ft for Los Angeles
and S@3i/ 2 c $ft for Bay; String Beans, 10@12i4c:
Dried Okra, 12VaC" CaDba«e, 4O@6oc%>ctl; Garlic,
4@sc %* ft; Marrowfat. Squash, f35@40 %4 ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Fairly steady at unchanged prices.
Some ; packing in ■ going on, which keeps the mar
ket from demoralization. *
Creamery— Fancy, 18@19c; seconds, 17@17%c
ft ft. . . . . , .:■ -■_ .•■--,:.- ,'.:- -. ' --" . .
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16y cfi ft; good to choice,
15@16Vac; lower grades, 14c.
KABTERN-Nomlnal. -
CHKESK — Stocks continue light. Fancy mild
new, ll@lli/ 3 c ft; common to good, 9@loc $> ft:
Cream Chedaar, 12@12y 2 c: young America, 11®
12c; Western, 12®K'y 2 c: Eastern, 13®14c.
EGGS— The decline continues and prices for fine
ranch Eggs were never lower ■ in this market than
they are to-day, store Kegs, 2 @loc; ranch Eggs,
10@llc$dozeu. - ::. ■---.-
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys are firmer again. So are
young Roosters. Geese are higher. Hens show no
change. . . , <'-,'-.:*■'■
Live Turkeys, 13®14c "& ft for Gobblers and 13
@r4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14(a,17c; Geese, $
pair, 2@2 50; Ducks, $6 50®7 60 V doz for old and
*7 60@8 M) for young; Hens, $4@S f* doz; Rooster*
young, $6 60@7 60; do. old, $3 50@4; Fryers, $6®
6 60; Broilers, '95 60@6 '. for : large and $4@5 tor
small ; Pigeons, $2 75@3 W dozen for young and
$2 26@2 50 for old. :
GAME-Hare, 76c; Rabbits, *1 25@1 60 for
Cottontails and $1 f dozen for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Are steady at $I@l 25 # box for good
to choice, 50®86c for common to fair, and $1 50®
2 for fancy. ,
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are firmer . under
lighter supplies at 75c@*l 25 for Seedlings: $1 75®
3 f». bx for Navels and »2 26@2 60 for Malta Bloods ;
frozen stock goes ■. down to nothing; -Lemons, ?1®
1 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6@5 60: California Limes, 75c
$ box: Bananas, 91 25(92 50 ft bunch; Pineapples,
$2@5 ~t. dozen. ________ :.-."?
DRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Reports of damage to Apri
cots continue to come in from all over the State
and the ; general opinion is that the crop will be
very short. The following prices rule on the Fruit
Exchange:
Carload Lots-"A pples, a^@3c "& ft for quar
tered,3@3Vic '$, ft for sliced' and 4V 4 c "# ft for
evaporated: reaches, 3Vfe@4c %> ft and sVb@6c for
fancy: peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7ya@BVac
\ for prime to choice. 9yjc for, fancy and 10®llc
I "$ ft for fancy Moorpark ; Figs, black. 2^c for un
-1 pressed; White Figs, 4@5 - in sacks: Pears. 7c
ft for evaporated halves, 4 _ 1? c 3 ft for quarters:
Prunes, 3S,i@4c: Plums, 4c ¥ ft for pitted and
iy 3 @2y a c for unpitted; Nectarines, s@6c %i Ib for
prime to choice and (5 1 . jc for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Apples. 4@4y c; Peaches, 3®
4c and 6c for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12V 2 <- ;
! Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c f, ft for 40@50's
I and 5c for 50@60's: Apricots. 6®9V c lor prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Mooruark; Figs, black,
2V4@2«4c: White Figs. 3@sc: Pears.' By 3 c for
evaporated halves and :T@sVic-- for quarters;
Plums. 3y 2 @4c for pitted and l@lV«c for unpit
ted Nectarines. 4@sc $ ft for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c ?. box : four-crown, loose,
88,4 c *$ ft; three-crown, loose, 214 c t* Ib: two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas. 33/i@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y r*23ic; three-crown London layers.
70c: clusters, *1 8501 50; Dehesa clusters, $2 10
@2 25: • Imperial • clusters, ?2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, 2y 2 c 1* ft. \. . . ' . . o
| Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown. 2Vi@2y c: 2-<rown, l%@2c Seedless Sulr
tanns, 3»4@4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2y»c; 3-crown '
London layers, 85c@»l: clusters, «1 40® 1 50; .
Dehesa clu:ters. 92 25; Imperial clusters, 92 76;
Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6®Bc # ft; Walnuts, 7@Bc
"& ft for No. 1 hard and9@9»A forsoftshell, jobblnit 1
lots; Almonds, 6@7i / 2 < ' for Languedoc and BY2®
10e for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6c for
Eastern and 3y 2 @4y 2 c for California: Hickory
Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8" for pol
ished: F.lberts, BCa;9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc* ft;
Cocoanuts. 94 s(>i ■:.:. r 100. .^ ;„ 1, .
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c V ft for
bright and B@9c ¥> ft for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@6i/ 3 c 1* ft: light amber ex
tracted, 4V4@4%c: dark umber, 4c: dark, 2®3c.
BEESWAX— <S ft.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6 Vic for heavy. 7V 8 c
for light medium, 9y a c f, ft for light, 10 Vic for
extra light and 12V a c for. sugar-cured: I Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, llVJ»@l2c; .California' Hams.
10Vi@llc; Mess Beef, .T8 "0 bbl: extra mess do,
98 50; family do. $ 10; extra prime Pork, $9 bbl:
extra clear, »1« %l bbl: mess, $14 $ bbl; Smoked
Beef. lO@lOy c"0 ft.' ■ ■- ■ . ,
LARD-Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6%c V
ft for compound and 8c for pure; pails, B Vic: Cali
fornia tlerrfs, 6c for compound and 6'' 2 for pure;
half-bWs, 63,ic; 10- Ib tins, 7y 2 c; do 6-lb, V*Ac ft.
COTTOLENK— 7Vic in tierces and 8c 1* ft in 10
--ft tins. ' ':
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Ueavy salted steers. 7c;
culls and brands, 6c; medium. sy a @6c; culls and
brands," 41 2 -"■; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 5c ft; culls and brands, 4c; salted
Kip. 6c t>- ft: salted Calf, 8e H Ib; salted Veal,
6c; dry tildes, iO®llc; culls, and brands 7_V 2 c;
dry Kin and r Veal, 9c: -culls, 6y?@7c; dry Calf
lbc: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 70@35c each: Kids, 6c;
Deerskins, good summer. 25(&30c: medium, 15@
25c; winter, 10c; sheepskins, shearlings, - 10®
15c each; - short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
(a Me each ; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about 2 c less. -. . v ' . ■ .
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. BVs@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, 6Va<<!)s»ic: Grease. 2iAc ~?i ft.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9@llc 1?. ft; San Joaqulnand Southern, 3@6c:
Nevada, 9c ?. It,. . '. • • .-Trij. .'
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@sc & Hi.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
r Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
94 25; San Quentln. $4 20: Wool Bags, 24(5i26c.
COAL— Harrison 's circular says: : "During the
week there have been; twelve arrivals: from the
northern collieries 24,997 tons of Coal, from Aus
tralia 8394 tons, from New York '200 tons. Job- ■
bers and retailers are complaining or the stagnancy I
of trade, as since our snowstorm orders axe coming
in very slowly, hence . there Is quite an accumula
tion of British Columbia' Coal in yard, which must
lead eventually to diminishing, their Imports, as
they are now taxing their yard room. The demand
for steam uses holds up. and cargoes on arrival are
delivered to consumers ■■ direct from ship's I side.
Each week we hear of some I new source of supply
whence cheap fuel will find its way to our market:
these promises do not materialize,: as the cost of
production added to the transportation is Invari- |
ably in excess of pencil calculation. Freights from
Australia are being marked I up, now making the j
cost of Colonial imports fully 10% higher; than I
prices named In January, and unless outward grain
freights improve still higher quotations will rule.
Besides, the f. o.b. colliery prices have been cut so
fine In Australia that it is generally believed a
higher cost may ; be named in the 'near future.
Freight rates from ■ Great Britain are > steady."
Wellington Is quotable at $8 ij* ton: New Welling
ton. 98 * ton; Southfleld : Wellington, 97 50 $
ton: Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, 95 50: Coos Bay,
94 50; Wallsend, 96 50; Scotch. 97 50; Brymbo,
97 50; Cumberland; 913 50 In bulk and 915 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 913; Welsh An
thracite • Egg, — _ ; Cannel, : 98: Rock : Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60; Coke,
910 60 in bulk and 912 60 $ ton in sacks. •
RICE- Chinese mixed, 93 2.Vd»3 4,6: No. 1, 93 56
@3 76 ft fell; extra, No. 1, 93 90®4 10; Hawaiian,
93 50; Japan, 93 65®4 12 V 3 : Rangoon, 93 10
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kennery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, • Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6c: ■ Dry ■■ Granulated, 63.4 c;
Confectioners' A, s Vic: Magnolia 'A;'4%c;<Exira
C, 45/ c: Golden C, 4y 2 : ' half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more. !
SYRUP-Goloen, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
V gal. -;- ■■■■■■ :-■ .. - •.-•••• .; \
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm and occasionally bring 4^_o.' t . Beet
and Mutton are unchanged. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows: I .' 1
BEEF— First quality,'. 5y 2 c; second quality,
4Vi@sc: third do, 3i/ 2 ®4c^"lt. :
V ••.A1 — Large. 5000! small; 6®7c f, ft. -
_ MUTTON- Wethers,; 6@tiy 3 c; Ewes, : 5y a ®Bc
1* It,. ' -.-.;;. ,:-- -"• -, ..- 7 -':.[, •■ !-...••»>•; ; .
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7c ~$ ft. v
PORK— Live Hogs, 4V4c for large and 4»/sC
,for small; dressed do, 6®6Vic V ft.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, qr. «_•...... 4,475 Butter, ct15. ....... 316
Wheat, et1a. ....... Cheese, ctls 46
Barley, ctls ...;.. .. . 6,h*o Eggs. doz . . . . ..... 16,440
Burns, ska. : Wool, b1».r........:j 47
Potato**, •_■.. 2,022 Quicksilver, flaslcs 122
Onions, •k5.......i'i- 218 Leather, rolls .. M ■ 36
Br»n, met.. 2,4-20 Hides, n0........^ 473
Middlings, •__,'.... 720 Pelts. o«l»:.«:..... 105
Bay. t0n*,......... 60S Tallow, ctls 10
Wine, ga1a.. ....... 47.2C0_. v :
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
-, Butter and Eggs are still cheaper. No change in
Cheese. ;;.;■. .■'- ;■. ■.' • .' . ;. ." ~_'.'-.. : -' r . :■-';'
Ducks and Oecnn are dearer. Meats show no
change. Fish soils at last week's prices.
Asparagus Is cheaper. So are Green Peas and
Rhubarb. String Beans and Tomatoes an rather
scarce and dearer.
Following is Thi Call's regular weekly retail
price list: - •  , :
S ■■'> "■/■'■ ' ■'■ : ' — PER TON. - ' "..■''■ '• ■-
Cannel ;.... @10 00 Pleasant Val 9 50@10 00
Wellington. ®10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- - t , Welllngtoa — @ 950
* lington.... 010 00 , Scotch — <|) 950
Seattle 7 00® 760 Coos Bay . . 6 60® —
Castle Gate. 9 MXa 10 00 , . .
, '■'■- ■'.'■•■ .■[■:, DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC. '.
Butter, fancy, %* ; I Cheese, Eastern... 15@20
V -square.;.-: ...40(3 — Cheese, Swiss... 20® 30
: ,do, ¥ r6ll ...... .3Na>37 Common Eggs... 10®12
•" ■ do. choice .... . 35<a — RanchEitgsf(dzl2W* ls
0rdinary a0........30@32 Honey, comb, fitt>.l2(q>ls
Cheese, Cal ...... 15® ,— |; ; do, extracted.... B®l2
' MEATS— PKR POUND.
Bacon... 10@17 1 Pork, fre5h........ 12@15
Beef, ch0ice.. .....12@15 Pork, salt .... 12@15
-» do,- good .......'. S®lo Pork Ch0p5. ;.....12@15
Corned 8eef....:.. B@— Round Steak...... 8&10
Hani, Ca1....\.....13(cj15 Sirloin Steak. . .12y 2 —
'■• do, ■ Eastern . . . 15(ai — Porterhouse, d0...17@20
Lard.... .............12^15 Smoked 8eef...... — ®15
Mutton ..lC<gl2 Pork Sausages.... — ®20 I
Lamb....... ...12@15 Vea1;.;............10®15
Spring Lamb. . . . . . 15® —
. , ; POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens. each. .... 60© 60 Turkeys, ■& ft .. 18® 20
Young KOost- 'Ducks, each... 85®1 00 :
• ers. each.....' bs@ 85 Geese, each..r:l 75®2 00
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, t» pr.. 6O@ ■■ 70 •■
each......:... 40® 50 Rabbits, Of- pr.. Xs@ 40!
Fryers, each... 60® 6ft Hare, each 15® 20
Broilers, each.. 40® 50 1 i >•.-/.
' ' ■ fruits AND nuts.
Almonds, % Ib 12®15|Limes, *S d0z......10@15
Apples, ~$ ft;...... •5® 6 Oranges, fl doz. 10r»'25 ;
Bananas, <s d0z.;.15<»20 Pears, * ft......... — ®10
Cocoanuts, each...lO@l2 %* ft....... sfa>ls
Cranberries, f* qt. . 10®ll! Walnuts, 1* ft. . . . . 15® —
Lemons, $» d0z..;.15®20 ;
VKMKTARLK9.
Asparagus. 's» ft... : Mushrooms, V 1b..20@35
Artiehokes.^ldoz. Mr'fat Squash,^ ft 5® -
Beets, f* doz 12®15 Onions, ~f, ft....... 2® 3
Beans.white $ft.2Vi@ 5 Peppers, green,^lb — @ —
Colored, % tt>...2y 2 ® 6 Parsnips, f( a0z....15®20
Lima. ft. .... .. 4® 6 Potatoes, "$ Ib . . ... 2® 3
Cabbage, each...'.. 6(o>10 do. Sweet. <& ft.. 4(u) 5
Cauliflowers, each. 6® 8 Rhubarb, > ft. . . . 4@ 5
Celery, * bunch... sdi — Radishes.'Wdzbchs.l2®ls
Cress, ?Sdzbunchs.2U@2s Sage, "$ ft 25@35
Garlic, # Ib 6fg B String Beans, # n..16fa!20
Green Peas, $ ft.. 5® 6 Thyme, fl ft.......20@30
Lentils, f, ft. ...... 6® x « Turnips, Ift d0z....15@20
Lettuce, "£ doz 15®20 Tomatoes, $ tt>....12®15
FISH— PER POUND.
Barracuda... — ® -iShad .....12® —
Carp B@loJSea Bass — ® —
Codfish 12fa>— Smelts ~......16®18
Flounders... lor*l2 Soles 10® 12
Halibut.... —Ml s Skates, each 10&15
Herring. 10@12]sturgeon — ©15
Kingflsh...... — l Tomcod... ...15@20
Mackere1 .......... —(A —'Clams, $ ga1....;.. @15
do, H0r5e......... —® — Do, hardshell, fi
Perch...... .10@12' 100... .....50<a —
Fomnano —/a — Crabs, each ....:. .12(3)15
Rockfish 15«j) — Do. softshell, « dz.25(§35
Salmon, smoked.. .2oo} — Mussels, ~$ qrt...t.10@15
Salmon, fresh 16® 18 Oysters, Cal.f! 100.40® —
Shrimps.... B@loDo, Eastern, fi dz.26® —
•» ♦ — * — - — i — •
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market did rather better on the afternoon
call and there was a slight advance over the best
prices of the preceding day. and the close was still
h igher, as will be' seen by : ,the quotations.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange -San Fran
cisco ' Gas | was weaker at . 881%@80%, falling
figures. Edison was steady and unchanged. The
sugar stocks were stronger. ;,','-.''-;'"-' •■-, t l "'
| At the annual meeting of the Potosl on Wednes
day the old management was. re-elected: A. K. P.
Harmon, Thomas Co'e, Charles Hirshfield, ,E. P.
Barrett and Thomas Anderson.' ■; A. K. P. Harmon
was ' re-elected president,' Thomas Cole vice-presi
dent E. Elliot secretary and H. M. Uorbam super
intendent. The company >. has a < cash balance of
$8311 in the treasury. At the meeting 83,000 ;
shares were represented. ,- ■'.-., •.. . * - v>
Last night Jeremiah Lynch, the newly elected
president Of the Hale & Norcross, with Directors
A. Krausse and Thomas McDonald and the newly
chosen superintendent, H. W. Tangerman, left for
Virginia City to take formal charge of the mine.
" Th • Homestead dividend of 25c per share will
be paid on the 25th. ■
A semi-ann ual dividend of 4 per cent is now pay
able.' by- the jujndun. Paris and American Bank,
limit cd. of this City. ' , .
• The California-street Cable dividend of 50c per
share was paid on the 11th.
BOARD SALES,
Following were the sale* In the Baa Francisco
f-tocic Board yesterday:
«rnui.Aß morvivi RICTSTOV rnwvvrivn 0:30.
600 A1pha. ....12|100 Ch011ar .'...47,500 Mexicn....s3 I
LOO Alt*. 14400 CC.I V....1. 55 200 0ccid.....96
100 Belci»er...2'2|loo :...-. 1.60100 97 I
50 B Eureka D.46 100 0Dh1r...1.20 •;
200 80die.....20 100 H&X ...'.1.10 300 S Nev.....61 \
200 Bullion.. 10| 10.... 1.00 300 ............62 ,
250 Ch0Uar... .48 '200 Justice.. ..lo.loo Uni0n. ...66 j
AFTFRNOOX BKBSIO I *— ■•i:3l.
100 Alta 15210,CC<fcV...1.60'6000cddt1....97 i
1000 Belcher..23 650 O & C ....30500 Union....6K
200 B<t ...69 300 Mexican. s6|4oo V J»ckt..37
100 Challnge..3'J| |
Following were the sales in the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday : ~ . : •- : . ~vi..:.;~
200 Alpha.. 12% 600 CCV..I 671/2 700 Ovrmn.... 13
750 Alia lo '200 Confl Hi 200 Poiosl 42
400 ...... k 14 400 Crown Pt.33 800 Savage.;. 32
200 Andes-... 27 600 0 <fc C 29 200 Scorpion..O4
MO 8e1cher....'22'400 H*N...1.10i400 S JSev....6v;
300 8A8... ...66500 Julia..... 05460 Union C...53 j
200 8u11i0n.. .10|300 Mexican. 63 300 Utah. .....09
100 Caleda 09300 Occidtl.... 9*Boo V Jacket.. 35
200 dia1ing.. .33 ; 160 0phir... .1.20;300 ...36
300 Chonar. ...47' 1
." ■ , ArTKIIVOOX ~ HICSSIOX— 2:TI.
600 Aloha. 100 C0nf1....:.91 1200 Ovrmn. .ls '
800 Alta .....16 100 ..:.:.. ".;:.. 95 300 P0t05i.....43 '.
200 Andes.... 27 200 C Imp .....01 200 Savage.. ..32 ,
400 8e1cher....22|200 ....... .....02 '200 ...... .;.:..35 ;
600 ............24500 C P0int... 35^600 B«fc M...05
900... 25.200 36500 S .Nev....64
600 ....«;.. 26300 ............37 1600 ..........65 |
100 B& 8.....67!6000&C.....31 300 .....06
400 ..'.681260 II&N ....1V 8 200 ............67
100 80d1e..... 1000 Julia.:... 05 300 Union .....56
100 8u11i0n...! 1300 Mexican.. s3 200 ......57
200 8u1wer...25 400 ....:. ...... 55 300 ...58
•200 Cba11nz...34 300 M0n0..... .09:600 Utah/... 10
200 Ch0Uar....47-2000ccidU..:.95 600 YJaeket..3B '
450 C C A V.1.60 200 ...........9»'500 ......89
100 ...ll»' B WO Ophir. .1.20 300 ...........40
200 Conn" 86.600 I.22y a ' ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. March 13-4 p.m.
Biii.AulerdA Bid. Attend.
Alpha Con 12 13 Jackson. 40 -
lll».;,. t , ...... 14 15|Jntia. ........ — 06
Ande5..;. ...... 27 «9 Justice ...... 10 11
Belcher 25 26 b'entuct ...... 05 06
Beit <fe Belcher. 68 7,0 Lady Wash.... — 1)6 |
BcntonCon.... — 30 Mexican.. ..... 55 67
80die. ;....;... 20 21 Mayflower.... — 1.60
Bullion.. 10 1) M0n0.......... 09 —
8u1wer.. ...... 24 25 Mt. Diablo la —
Caledonia .... 07- 10 Nevada Queen. — 05
Challenge (Joa. 31 33 Occidental 96 98 i
Ch011ar......... 49 60 Ophir ......1.20 1.25 \
Con. Cat A Va. 1.60 . 1.65 Overman ...... 14 .■ 16 I
Con. Imperial. — '■'.' 02i1»0t0ai.;..;...^ 44 45
Confidence...^ 95 98,bavare.......^ 34 v35
Con.New Yort — 04 Pepc. Belcher... 06 OB
Crown Point... 36 38 blerra Nevada. 68 70
KastHierraNav — 04 scorpion ...... — 03 j
Exchequer..... 04 "05 Silver Hi 11..... — 02
Eureka C0n.... — 25 Syndicate... ... 02 —
liould «t Curry. 31 32 Union C0a..... 68 69
Bale <fc IS orcn. 1.10 I.lsLtah .......... 09 10
10na...... .....— Oil Yellow Jacket. 40 41
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 13-2 p.m.
* * - tJJfITKD STATUS BONUS. ' '
, Biri. Aiked. '"■ - Bid. Asked.
D 8 4sconp..ll/« — U8 48 1081/4 —
Do. new is.. 117 118
: ■ ■• ,! : ',. ; . V Mi^ciri-i.ANKntrs BOSDI -.
Cal-ntCbless. HOi/4 — lDa'2d!ss 6s. — : —' '
CalElecL6s.lll — l'&Oßy6s.los 120
CntraC\V6s. 90 109 P<tChßv6s. — 105
Dpnt-st 77 95 Pwl-st.KR6s. — - 116 i/ 3
EdsnL&P6s.llO — Reno. WL&L — ' 105 -
FACURR6S.IO4 105 : River W Co6s — 100
Gearr-Btßss.looV los |>actoP & L..100 102 »-i
LosAnel.6s. — 101 BF«tNPRRS«IOII4IO2 .
Do,Unted.6a. - 102 bPRKArIz6s - . 94i/ a
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - BPRRCaI6s.. 107y 3 —.-
Doßv«'onss..lo6V 3 107 SPRRCaI&s- — % 97»/a
NevCNgß7s. 99V2 100 BPBrRCaWs. 96V» —
N.PCRR6S.IO3I/4 — KVWatere*.. — 120
NRy Cal 6s. — 105 6VWater4s.- 99*4 89%
Ry Cai 6s. — ; 105 stkin«<feE6» — 102Va
Oak Gas 65. . — 1041/2 SunstT&T6s.loo <■' —
Do. 2d Iss 55.103»4 — Sutter-BtR6s.HO —
Omnibus — ' l'2iy 8 ViaallaWCtf* — 91
PacKoUM6s_ — — ,
..,'■.-. - . . WATER STOCKS.' . , ~;^.V*- :--} '.-
Contra Cost* .40 : — Ban Jose...!. • — 100 :
Marlnl'o.... 49 — Spring Valley 99*4 99%
. ■'[',' ' OAF STOCK '.
Capital — 40 ' I Pacific Light. — 48
Central., 95 — : Francsco 80% ; 81 Yt
Oak a LA H. 61 6 13,4; Stockton. .... — 21 y»
Gas Imp. ; 80." 8 81 V*!
■ ■■'-';."'-•;■■ '.;':.. INHUK*NCK HTOOKS.
Flrem'ansFd.l6s 175 |t>un.v... ...... 40 —
• V ' ' ' COItHKKCIAI. BANK BTOCKI. '
Amerß&TU — — , I London A. 130 —
Anglo-Cal ... — 60 | London ASF. — 27>/j
Bank of Cal.. 237 — Merch Ex.... Vi —
CaISD&TCo.. 67 — Nevada...... — —
iirstNationl. 178 : 182 1/2 1 Bather B Co. — —
Grangers.'... — , — ■ I ." , .;
,' : ' '. "- * SAViNst bank nncicv
OerSALCo.;i42O — . jgav&Loan.. — 102^|
HumbS&L.IOOU — ' I Security.:/... ' - 260
Mutual..... - 40 Union Trust.Bos . —
bi'bavUnlon — 482 1 '/.-' ,,;/ '
.'• • V ' STBKKT KAILKOA D STOCKS.
California.... 107 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-«t.'..:. 60 ' 77^1nresldio.V.-. ■ *Kb —
Market-as..- 47 — ,Suuer-*u..... — — :
;':/•., : - POWIIKB BTOCKi. ;i
Atlantic D... 15 in iJudson.'...... — —
California,... — 98 ' iVigont....... — 1
, Gianu. ...:... 17Vi 19 : : ,', -■ -
'■ . *. MI*iCjtI«I.ANKOn» STOCK*
Alaska Piers/- 90 « 93 OceanlcSSCtt * — 20
BlkDCoalOo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 'l ' ■ — -V;
CalCotMUls.. ■:-■'"—^'-: — Pac Borax.^ 98 100 :.
CalDrToock. — ' — Pac IAN —-v"80 -■ ■■
EdisonL:ght.loli/4102 ; Pac Roll Mill 29% Ws
Gascon As so. ; - - ParfPaintCa 8% 7*/,
Lead 10. — 87 iPacTransO* .— „ 34
HawCASCo. 16»/ 4 17S/ 8 I'acTATCo 65 — ;.■;■
HutchSFCa. 17/$ 18y*j6un»etT AT.. *1 — ,
JndsonMfgC. — — . United C Co.. — US'
aterKxAssnlOO 110 :!;; -\;
./ - : " ' :v' MORN IV» ; lEurov.' , , .
■ ' Board— 3o Edison Light A Power Co, 100% : 00
Hawaiian Commercial, 17%: 100 Hutchinaon S P
Co, 18: 10 Oakland Gas, 61%; 60 8 F Gaslight,
813/4 -, iso do, 80%: 50 do, 80%; 60 do, 80%. .
Btre«t-SSO Huichlnson BP Co, 18; 60 Pacific
Gas Imp. 81: mo SF Gaslight, 81%:'1OO S V
Water, 99%. : . .
.■; -,' AFIERSOOS sksston. "
'Board— 4o Giant Powder Con. 17Vi: 10 do, 17;
60Hutchlnson ; 8 P Co, 181/4 ; 5 Pacific Gas Imp,
Ml : :10 S V Water, 99^.
Street— 3oo : Hawaiian Commercial, 17Vi; 25 S
V. Water, 99 V . ;. .
Twenty million artificial teeth are an
nually made in America, different colors
being prepared for different countries. In
Canada the demand is for snow-white
teeth, in South America they prefer yel
low, while the Chinese will have nothing
but black teeth.
THE CAI.I. CALENDAR.
Mauch, 189^.
9
/7>Last
jjCii Xew Moon.
%£/ March i4
I
16
17
19 20
26 27
3 First Qua
\J) March
I
I 23
»5
| 30
/Oi Full M0(
Vj> March
!
OCKAX STKA.iI-KS.
Dates of Departure Irom San frinrltco.
■TEAMUR.
llrtSTIN-ATIOX
SAIL*.
corona
State of Cai
China........
Pomona... j
Umatilla....
* arm ion |
Eureka .....
Areata I
a ratio |
Eama Kosa..
Del .Norte .. !
Homer......
Weeott...... |
Queen.......
Empire. .....
tit Paul......
CltyPuebla.. i
Sunol........
BelKlc.......
A Blanchard
City Sydney
I Ban Diego..... <
Portland.....:.
I China & Japu ,
| Humboldt Bay
Vic & Pet Snd
I f aaulna Bay.. '
Newport j
I Coos Bay. ..... j
I Coos Bar. !
; San Dleeo....'.
! Grays Haroor. I
j Coos Bay...... |
I Eel River.
i Portland
[Portland !
I Newport ...... j
I Vic <fc Pitt Snd
Grays Harbor.
China & Japan
Portland....... !
Panama
!Mchl4.1lAMlPlerll
Mchl4.10AM|Pier21
,Mchl4, 3pm PM 3,3
Men 14. 2pm I Pier 9
MchlS. 9am | Pier »
MchlB.lOAM 'Pier 2
Mchl6, 9am Pier 11
| Mchl7.10AM Pier 13
!Mchl7,10AM Pier 13
MchlH.llAM Pier 11
|Mchl8,12 Mi....
Mcbl8. Spm Oceanic
iMchlH. 9am Pier 13
Mchl9.10AM|Pier 24
Mchl9, 5pm ! Pier 13 9
I Mch2(). 9am. Pier 11
Mch 20. 9am Pier 9
Mch20,12 m 'Miss I
Mch21, 8pm P M S3
Mc1i21.10am Pier 13
Mch25,12 M P M S 3
SXKASIEitS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMHJR
From
South Coast..... j
Crescent City... j
Eureka .....
Farallon '.. !
Wellington !
Areata...;:..... j
Weeott.. :....;.. I
Empire ....... I
Del Norte.....;.
City of Puebla.. ]
Queen....;...... j
A ra co. I
Mackinaw ...... '
Santa Kosa.
Del Norte....... i
Sunol....;:.......
North Porn.. ;
Pomona.
BtPam ....... !
Peru.. ;
Alice Blanchard
Progressist......
San Bias.. :v..v".
City of Sydney.
Corona..,.. . '
State of Cal.....
Walla Walla....
j Portland...
! Crescent City-' '...'.. j
| Newport :..:
j Yaoulna Bar...
! Departure Bay.....
| Coos Bay..;... ..........
| Eei Stiver .;.'............
I Portland..
'Grays Harbor........'...'
I Victoria & Puttee Sound
j Portland -..'.-. ....v. "..:.".'
I Coos Bay............
'lacoma.:...........
• fan Diego-'.......*.......
j Grays Haroor.;.....
Grays Harbor ..'...
; Humboidt Bay
i Humboldt Bay. ....... ..
\ Newport. ....;
China and Japan
I Portland........... ......
! Coram ........;..'.
Panama.;.... .............
Panama ............
San Diego
; Portland ."'.;.- .....
| Victoria & Pugec sound
..Mchl4
..Mch 14
:.Mchl4,
..Mch 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 15
..Mch 15
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Men 17
..Mch 17
..Mch 17
..Mch 18
..Mch 18
..Mch 19
..Mch 19
..Mch 20
..Mch 20
..Mch 20
!. Mch 21
..Mch 21
SUN", 3IOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey TrnK")
Brr.LF.TiN Published by Official >
AUTHORITY OF the SUPERINTENDENT. j
Saturday, March 14.
Sun rises 6.21! M00n rises
Sun sets 0.18. Moon sets 0.00
March- 1896.
Time
E? H W
Feet
Time)
iir~wj
i Tlme ; Feet
Tlmt> Feet
L \V
■ ■
14. 0.02i 4.7 j 5.52 1.1 IV. (it
16. 0.2*1 4.7 1 6.2H 0.8 12.40
16, 0.40! 4.7 i 6.54 O.!> 1.15
17 i 0.57 4.8; 7.30; 0.3i 2.05
18! 1.21 4.8 8.15 0.1 i 3.05
19| 1.48! 4.8! 9.04 o.o| 4.2tt
20 ! 2.22 4.8 10.02 -0.1 I 6. 02
4.5 5.65; 0.5
4.2 6.191 0.9
4.0 6.451 1.3
8.7 1 7.11 ! 1.7
3.4! 7.40 2.2
■ 8.1 8.16! 2.5
I 3.1' 9.05 ! 2.8
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are bnt three tides, as so"metimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United Slates Coast Survey
rharts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts
HYUKOGKATHIC BULLKTI>.
Branch HyrßnoßArmc Office, TJ. S. N. "»
Merchants' Exchavok. J
-Bax Francisco. March 13, 189 R. »
The time ball on Telegrapn li.il i was droppeJ
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the l'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtklkr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING liNTKLLIGKJiCK.
Arrived.
. FRIDAY, March 13.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 16V2 hours from Eureka;
pass ami m Use, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
StmrSan Benito, Smith, 95 hours fromTacoma;
4600 tons con!, to sI 3 Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 13 ■; hours from Green
wood: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co. .
Scbr General Banning, Marschall, 11 days from
New Whatcom: lumber, to A A Caster.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 20 hours from , Point
Arena; 125 cds wood, to- Bender Brothers.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 3 days from Eureka;
256 M ft lumber, to McKay & Co.
■:. Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing; 164 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood."
Schr Moro, I Jorgenson, 20 hours from Albion;
lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
bchr Fortuna. Kosich. 72 hours from Eureka;
lumber, to Pacific Pine Lumber Co.
Schr J G Wall, Gallup, 3 days from Eureka;
lumber, to Chas Kelson.
Schr Ottillie Fjord, Segethorst. 7 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Wilson Bros <fc Co. -
ScHr Helen Merriam, . Gruggel.' 11 days from
Nehalem River; ■: — M ft lumber, toSH Harmon
Lumber Co. .
■ Cleared. • . .
FRIDAY. March 13.
'." Stmr Ella Rohlffs, Jacobsen, Chignlk; Alaska
Packers' Association. ■
.. Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co. . .
Bark Wllna, Slater. Nanalmo: John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
Sailed. - :.,j,.t :y:-
FRIDAY, March 13.
Stmr Proereso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Kockport. .
MtmrOlpsv, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Schr Annie Gee. Pearson. Portland. ••
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen, Portland.
: Sclir .Bessie K.Anderson; Albion. .- -
, Scnr Elvenla, Johnson, Uumboldt.
:  Telegraphic. .
POINT I.OBOS— March 13—10 r m— Weather
foggy : wind W; velocity 12 miles.
. ■■:: <'hnrt»r< . j\ : ."■ ;
The : schr Fred E Sander loads lumber at Port
Gamble for Yokohama; sclir Glen.lumoer and
mdse at this port for Karatonga; bark Wilna, coal
at Nanaimo for this port. .
.': Spoken.
Feb 25— Lat 14 N, long 28 W, Br ship Narcissus
from Antwerp for Portland."- '
Feb 2-Lat ai S, long 27 W. Br bark Wythop, fm
New Westminster, for Liverpool.;
• Domestic Ports! - :
HTJENEME-Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Westport,
from Newport.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Noyo.
hence Mar 12. ■ . ■
PORT HA I>LOCK — Arrived Mar 13— Schr Spo
kane, from Honolulu. ' •*■-■'?.-""
• ALBlON— Sailed Mar 13— Schr Moro, for San
Francisco. " » ■■■ - . - .
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 13— Ship Louis Walsh, for
Callao. . \
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr
National City, hence Mar 12. ;
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar I*3— Br ship Marathon,
for Queenstown. , V
LOMPOC— Arrived Mar 13— Schr Rio Key, for
BoweiiS Landing. ■ -5 > ■ :
•5 REDONDO-Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Tillamook.
for Eureka.-,* :. ■ . .
CASPAR— Mar 13— Stmr Caspar, 'for San
Francisco. -■•;:• ?'■■.'• •.::- - •
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr South Coast,
from Portland. •". '■' • :
POINT REYES— Passed Mar 13-Sehr Penelope
hence Mar 5. on seal Ing voyage; stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro, for Eureka. :  . - . . ..• •.- ■• .•«..
'•-.■.' COOS BAY— Arrived Mar 13-^Stmr ■ Arago, hnc
Mar 11. -•■'■-'■." * ; ' '■"..'■,."' y . ■■ --■,' ''I. 1 '; ■ ■- : '.-' r
; Sailed Mar 13— Stmr Arcata. for San Francisco. '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 13-Schr Fred E
Sander, from Guaymas. : ■■•:- .
-■ PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Mar 13-Stmr
Newsboy, from Redondo.
PORTLAND-Salled Mar 13— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. . - .-» '
TATOOSH- Passed Mar 13-Schr G W Watson,
from Seattle, for Newport; stmr Mackinaw, i (rum
Tacoma, for San Francisco ;.U S stmr Monton'.v,
hence Mar 10. for Port Orfora. , ' . "
-SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 13— Baric J I) P»t<«r«i,
hence Mar 2. " : . "
VENTURA— Arrived Mar 13-Stmr Goo l.oouii«.
hence Mar 12." ■ .... ?■-'■;:"■: ■■■ .
: ; sailed Mar 13— Stmr Geo Loomls. for s»n Kran>
CISCO." •?••<--.: :V-' : - "■■_■;. ."— .-■•■ " . .-'-. ■ ■ - . ■ '■■:-.- -■':'.
; GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Mur 13-iChr Ji>n*
nic Stella, hence Feb 25. :• . , . -
" Sailed Mar 13— Stmr .Del Norte, for Kan Fnvn*
Cisco. ■:.'':■;'■''■'.. ; '^v^ :,V- '-":: ."'.i^.,'* ■, v "'-s' v V". .■-'-■ '■"■ '
.Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 12-Rtmr AltUtica,
from Colon; ship S P Hitchcock, from Honolulu.
' '". '\?f *.-'■*.-. Foreign Porto. ; ' ■
BAN JOSE DE GTJATEMALA-Batlwi Mar 13
—Baric Helen W Aim j, for Gilbert Islands, i ■ •• 1
'• DUBLIN- Arrived Mar 11-Br ship KinKora,
?rLMOUTH-Arrived Mar 12-Br ship Duchal-
d °l!u n NK-ATrived Vi Mar U l^Br S hlp Mllttad-.
■ h O OUT B H-Safled 12-Br ship Tasmania,
for London; Br ship : Thomas i Stephens, for PIY
mouth : Br ship Eurasia, •Liverpool. _. . .
OUFKNSTOWN-AiTived Mar -12-Br snip as
pico ■ from Santa ; Rosalia; Br ship Heckle, from
S S P ailed g >iar 12-Br ship City of Benares, for Dub
-11 SWANSEA-Sailed Mar 11-Br ship Glenaoon,
f °NANiIM^-^iledMar 13-Ship Elwell, for
c& SYl)XKY^Arrived Feb 4-Br ship Cardigan
shire. hence Dec 81. Jan 31-Ship Conqueror, ftn
Entered out Feb 13-Br ship Cardiganshire, for
San Francisco: Br bark Salamanca, for San iran
cisco, via Newcastle. NSW. _
NANAIMO-Sailed Mar :3-Snip Elwell. for ban
Francisco. • ;v*. •-
Movements of Train- Atlantio Ste»merg.
XKW YOKK— Arrived Mar 13— .Stmr Anchoria.
from Ulasuow : stmr Haale, from Bremen; stmr
Mohawk, from London: stmr Gprmanic. rrom
NKW YORK- Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Fulda, fm
si IL'.Y ISLANDS— Passed Mar IS-Stmr
Noordinnd. from New York, for Antwerp.
OKNOA— Arrived out B£»rl8— mbu Weifa.
BRE iKN — Arrivoil out Mar 13— Stmr Weimnr.
MOVILI.K— Mallei Mar 13— Stmr Elhioi>a, for
LIZAUD— Pass -:d Mar 13-Stmr New York, for
I'KAWi.K JPOIKT— P.iss«d Mar 13-Stmr Urn
bri.i, troni New York, for Liverpool
!innor:;iH(>n».
EUREKA — Per Pomona— 2 cs dry coods, 2 cs
tobacco, 17 rolls leather, 6 pictrs express, 1 skcoin,
86 pkgs mdse, 32 bxs butter, "200 M shingles, 130,
--336 ft lumber. 45 sks peas.
B R ana E R R-5 bxs 7 hf-bxs fish, 5 bbls 10 cs
cider, Srii/i bxs butter, 766 sks potatoes, 1 ca hard
ware, 30 bxs apples.
Consignee*.
Per Pomona— H Crocker A Bro; A N Ballard; A
Cbesebrougb: A C Nichols <& Co: Bauer Bros: -F
M Johnson: Dodge, Sweeney & Co: FM Johnson:
Enterprise Brewery: Htggfns «fc Collins; Uibernla
Brewery: Wieland Brewing Co: Wltzel A Baker;
FBJlalght: Levi, Strauss A Co: Standard Oil Co:
Baker A Hamilton: John Hoey; American Union
Fish Co: Brischam, Hoppe & Co; O B Smith <fc Co:
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Murphy, Grant & Co: US
Brewery: P Butler; Snchs Bros; A Paladini: <*
Be>-ti it Co: Wells, Farso <fc Co; Get?. Bros A Co: J
M Moore; Norton, Teller <te Co; ' H N Tilden A Co;
■ Wheaton, Brton <£ Co: Ross A Hewlett: National
Brewery; Dairymen's Union: C E Whitney A Co;
D McGeorge; National ice Co; J \V Monroe; Mo-
Kherson & Rncker.
For Late Shippinn Tntrll ionic* See Fifteenth Page.
: j^SL OFFICE FURNITURE
MfcSsSgpS AND FIXTURES. ', ,
ra-^ll3 c - F " WEBER & co "
*^tg^^^ 300 to 30fi Post, St.. cor. Stockton
-OCEAN^ STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
——TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
; PUGET SOUND.
First Class... 1010.00
Beoond Claaa S3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
OOODALL, PEBKINS4 Cft,. •
Qeueral Agents,
O. R..JS3 N.
ASTORIA AIIIORTLAO.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class;
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 8a115................ March 9 and 19
feiateof California sails. March -14 and 24
; From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. U.
GOODAXJj, PERKINS A CO., Geul. Snpt*. '"^Zm
F. F. CONNOR, Ooneral Agent, '
j ■ ' 630 Market street.
| PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL ' ™OM' ./tegT
Broadway wtarf, Man Francisco, ar'.&sSsiu
follows:
For Mary Island, boring. -WrangeU Jn-.ieau. Kit
1 lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., March 15, 30,
| April 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
! Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. h.
i March 5. 10. 15, i.O, 25. 30. and every fifth
1 day. thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with, .
! the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. X. By., at. Port Townsend with.
Alaska steamers. .'-•■• ■.:■•*- :
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum- - ■
; boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it., March 2, 6, 10,. ' ••
14. IS. 22, 26, 30, ami every fourth day thereafter. ' ."
For Santa Cruz. Monterey,. San Simeon, Cayucos, [
I Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa " :
! Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East San | .... v
i Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9a. it.. March • .
I 4, x. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day" •■
thereafter. ' .-.-..••::■.'' :
For San Diego, stopping only at Pqrt 'Harford' -.:•':
, (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, ■ . Port- Los .
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 \ ■
A. M., March .2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 2'A '26.: 30,.j»ud . f \
| every fourth day thereafter. • ' .- _• \ '•■ -r ;-'* • ','''.'• ;
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatla.D, L* '..•':.
j Paz, Al:ata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. W(ilMXk-
; ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month. ■ ' : < .«j > ■
Ticket, office, Palace Hotel, 4 j JN'ew -Montgamery - .
■treet. ' •• ' ' ■ . .^.- ■ : .■•■
GOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Geni Agent*. " „
■■"•■■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.^ ...%.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPACT. " ; : P,
•_ l gfKT**Tnfci_ Coolgardie gold flelds ;'• -'
fQ "^M^ (Freemantle), Austra- ' ' :
MjT*S? sjkf^y «9 - , Ha: $220 first • class; '}. ■
ifflTo^^-OyNnf II! U» * 110 steerage. Lowest
( » w rates to Capetown,
fjßfr/ '/ff^ft \^^ Australian steamnr,
jKjf '^'^m^MISw Honolulu and Auck- '.-.' •■'
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, l'ut>s-
Spkciai, Pabtiks.— Reduced rates for parties '
April 7. . ;
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street. ■<■••
Freight Office, 327 Market street - :5 '
J. D. SPKECK.ELS & BROS. CO.,
■■:..■ General Agents.
COMPI6JIIE i GGVERAL TRAXSATLAXTIQUE
French Line to Havre. -j
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH rwrt ■*
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■£&&$[
this line avoid both transit oy English railway a, id
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe.......
........ ■......;............. March 21, 5 a. M
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
'...:....;...................„ ..March 28, 10 a. k
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle. •
April 4, da.K
LA TOURAINE, Capt. Santelll
April 9
MS" For further particulars apply to
. -A. FOKUET, Agent,
. , - No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
■ J. .F. FTJG AZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. V
<gfrsEft_K lIIWWMIttHJH USE
tSs?§ss§§>sss> TWIN-SCREW express
". ■! f*ySgS^--'; Line from New York to
Plymouth (Loudon), Ch<>rbounr, Paris & Hamburg.
Normannia.... March 26 I A. Victoria:.".. April 23
F. Bismarck... April 9 | Columbia .....May 7
I. Cabin, $60 and upward; 11. Cabin, $15 and $50.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 41/2 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOUKG-PARIS, 6y 2 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. Y., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL J**OL^
fortnightly for the West Indies and *-*A*tM
Southampton, calling en route at CerbouTih. •
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. .
.. Through bills of lading, in connection with the
I Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight »nd trea».
are to direct ports in England and Germany. .
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. , First class, 9195; thiH
' -* — »»7 40. For further particulars apply to
~* VARROTT & CO., Agents,
• 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier ;. No. 3. Washington St.
At 5 ! I*. M. Daily, Except Sunday.
»*- Accommodations Reserved by Telephoned
STKAMEK>:
T. C. Walker. J. Peters,
»li»ry tJi»rr«tt, City of Stockto*.
_lVU>t'hone Main 806. Ciw. Nav. and Impt. Co. - < ■ -
FALLEJO. lire •mm, PORT ' *
COSTA kB CROCKETT.
STB.' MONTI CELLO,-
I r*llyi except Saturday and Sundav-10-30 A.-it
and 4 r. M. , Saturday, 12:30 noon-
•* R M;only.\ Snn<llly - 8 '- u. •- K-
Hr, M. only.
I LRndiag, Million I, Pi, «,
. . ■ " ■.■ - ■ .Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
BARNE`S REPORT
IS UNEARTHED
Lyons Post to Fire Some
Hot Shot at the Direc
tors To-Day.
WAS LONG SUPPRESSED.
The Methods of Conducting the
Canteen Characterized as
Disgraceful.
HUNDRED PER CENT PROFIT.
Not One of the Directors Was Doing
His Duty or Obeyicg the
By-Laws.
K Oakland Office Sax Frakcisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 13. )
The report of the committee appointed
two years ago by the Veterans' Home As
sociation and which was suppressed by the
d. rectors has been secured by some of the
old soldiers interested in the present
charges made by Lyons Post and it will
iorm a large portion of the evidence that
will be introduced at the coming investiga
tion. Referring to this report, which
is known as the Barnes report, General
Barnes said: "It has been trampled out
uf _.it and instead of adopting it the
directors applied to themselves more white
wash than a colored man uses on his back
tiled. I was 'eleemosynary counsel' of
that investigating committee and knowing
the feelings of the directors I robbed it
of everything that might hurt the feelings
of the directors."
The following sections of the celebrated
report, every copy of which vanished as
toon as it was rejected, are those which are
said to sustain the charges of Lyons Post:
It may as well be noted here that the by-laws
of the association call for four Quarterly meet- !
ings of the board of directors. They prescribed
that prior to such meetings the committee
known as the auditing committee should
examine the rep rt and books of the treasurer
and fully verify the correctness of his a counts.
The treasurer was himself a- required by tne
by-laws to present at such meetings a full, de
tailed and itemized report of the finances of
the association in his charge and of his re
ceipt? and expenditures.
Comrade C. E. K.Royce became treasurer of
the association on the 2Sth day of January,
1592. examination shows that almost imme
diately after Comrade Royee became treasurer |
he commenced misappropriating the funds of
the association, his first embezzlement amount
ing to $290 94, and occurring March 2, 1892.
At the .time when the first quarterly meeting
should have been held hi? misappropriations
. amounted to the sum oi* 34 lS *6. a considerable
Bum, it ii true, but small in comparison with
the amount misappropriated at the time of his
resignation as treasurer, and which now ap
jears to be the sum of $18,973 09.
It' the required quarterly meetings had been
held, and the treasurer had been compelled at
such meetings to present hi! books and ac
counts for examination, and if the auditing
committee had, as required by the by-laws,
jersonallr examined his accounts and re
ported" ■Jhereon, the enormous loss which the
tsjociat^in has sustained through Treasurer
Koyce would have been rendered impossible,
aud his peculations., if be had indulged in any,
wouid have been limited to the first three
months of his administration as treasuer. The
probability is that Treasurer Royce knew from
past experience in the board that the directors
of the association did not hold the meetings
required by the by-laws and had not habitu
ally or otherwise "required the treasurer to
keep any books or j-resent any regular de
tailed of itemized statement of his transac
tions. The loose method! which had preceded
: .- term of office were in themselves an en
couragement and instigation to embezzimeut,
of which he promptly availed himself.
During the whole course of the investiga
tion, tnough the committee has sought to ob
tain the statements and views of the board of
directors concerning the condition of the af
■ lairs of the Home, it nas not been aided to any
great extent in the solution of any question,
and is compelled to report that in whatever
direction it has turned its investigations It has
foand numerous evidences of neglect upon the
part of the board of directors and of its com
mittees, which certainly justifies severe criti
rclsm, if not the institution of lesral proceed
ings to recover of them the moneys which, if
th«y had attended to their duties, would never
have been stolen.
Your committee took samples of such staples
bp coffee, tea, rite, sugar and other articles as
were then on hand, and procured the same to
be carefully examined and tested by the Pur
chasing .Department of the United States Gov
ernment, dealing in similar goods for the use
of the army of the United states. So far as
these samples were concerned, none of them
were of the quality or character represented by
the sellers or the members of the committee
on i-upphes. They were of inferior quality and
told ai considerably above average market
prices even of goods of the pooi quality deliv
ered. These- fact." and the investigations of
the committee lead it to the conclusion that
the present method of purchasing supplies for
the Veterans' Home, tbrongh the agency of a
committee ou supplies, ought to be stopped.
There is no reason, as far as the committee
can learn, why bids for supplies should no; be
solicited and advertised for in the way usually
adopted, by other public institutions, nor why
contracts should not be made with responsible
lowest bidders, protected by proper bonds and
•with all the usual and ordinary guarantees for
the fulfillment of such contracts. If contracts
were made for supplies, and samples furnished
wherever possible, and copies of duplicates of
contracts deposited with the commandant at
Yountville, it would be possible for the busi
ness to be inuch'more economically and satis
factorily conducted than at present. It is
enough to say upon this subject that the pres
ent system has Riven rise, whether justly or
unjustly, to suspicions of unfair dealing and
iilegitimai2 profits, which will continue to re
dound to the injury of the institution as long
as it continue* to be sanctioned by the board
of directors.
Your committee has given considerable at
tention to the canteen established at the home
in July 1892, and which has since been and
now a in operation there. Quite a divergence
of opinion has been found to exist as to
whether or not there should be any canteen at
■■< the Veterans' Home, bat there seems to be no
difference of opinion that tne method in which
the canteen has been operated is subject to just
criticism and ought to be changed at once.
Your committee has examined with some
care the annual and other reports of soldiers
homes both State and National, and while the
canteen sysiem appear- to have been adoi ted
in -ome of them nothing like the canteen at
the Veterans' Home at Yoiintville Is found to
exist anywhere. In homes where the can
teen Is tolerated no spirituous or intoxicating
liquors are permitted to oe sold. Ko beverage
wronger than beer is permitted to be used, and
even the per diem quantity of that to the con
sumer is limited.
At Yountville. in addition to steam beer, va
rious alcoholic preparations and bitters and
an abominable concoction known as "whisky
bitters" are freely supplied and drunk by the
barrel. 'i'hiß la*i compound in said to consist
of hich-erade spirits, doctored with essences
aud bvniPS the effect of which upon th« per
sons using it cannot but be most injurious. -No
restraint appears to have been piaci d upon
the i'oii«ijwpilon of these intoxicating and in
jurious liquids, the only limit to tneir use
ueing the pecuniary capacity of the veteran to
Koree of the members of the board who have
appeared Defore the committee cud officers at
ttio home have estimated the profit* of the
canteen us hijth as 100 percent. This exorbi
tant profit appears to have been Justified and
allowed .upon the theory that it would be de
voted to the benefit, in some form,- of the
Home. Xo such result has been reached so Jar
in the- history of tne cauteeu. duo partially, 1.0
tloubt, to the met that the moneys derived
from the can-.- fund have nearly .■..: <>.••■■:
embezzled by Treasurer Rofee and cons.ltute
a considerable portion of bis stealings.
While the committee is not wholly agreed as
to the advisability of maintaining the canteen,
it Is unanimously of opinion that the methods
hitherto adopted in its.operation ought, to bo
changed, and particularly that the sale of ftlO
holic beverages should be stopped and some !
limitation lie put upon ihe right of individual I
member! of the home to avail themselves of its
privilege*. It is a shame and a disgrace to I
everybody connected with its operation that j
so large a part of the pension money received !
by veterans and the money earned by their !
labor a i the honie should be expended in get
ting drunk, on poisonous liquors sold ai a profit :
of 100 percent at the canteen, and the commit- !
ommends that the board of directors, j
without more ado. take the matter of the can
teen in hand and see that, if it Is maintained,
it shall be administered as in other homes for
old *oldiers, Mute aud National.
The committee, moreovor, believes that the j
canteen ought not to be run as a business \
t, that whatever is tarnished
to tha inmates of the home in the way oi
erases, I etc., should be of the best j
quality ?,:, | as nearly a; cost v may be.
In considering the question at pensions the j
committee baa been often reminded by the de
vocates of the can to en that the old soldier has i
a right to tret drunk if he desires. While this j
may be true insomemeapurßKformsnoJasrifi- i
ration for Use practice of getting him drunk
or furnishing aim alcoholic drinks as long as
bi has a dollar of pension money with which
sh his inebriety; and if the veteran
is to keep his pension and' the canteen is to be
continued, it ought to be maintained under
suitable restrictions and with an entirechange i
In the present and pas; systems of supplying 1
alcoholic drinks in unlimited quantities to the
injury of the imbiber and the destruction of
the peace and decency of the home.
Your committee is informed and believes
that in most, if not all, of the State homes, the
hospital department is attended to by compe
tent, trained, educated nurses. ma:e and
female, who know what to do and how to do
for the sick, diseased and suffering men in j
their Charge. Such nurses should be provided
without delay. Moreover, the committee ob
served that in tne laundry department the ;
clothing, bedclothes and other articles u.>ed by \
the healthy and well fire mil gied with and j
washed in the same water and at the same ,
time with those of the diseased and sick and
those whose misfortunes necessarily render
filthy all they toaeh. This ought not to be;
and "in some way provision should be made
for keeping the hospital clothing, bedding,
towels and cloths from contact la the laundry |
with similar articles used by the well and I
- free from disease.
The committee has no desire to inflict pain
where pain is not necessary to the accom
plishment of an object, and it therefore re- !
trains from the expression of its dissatisfac- |
tion at the manner In which business at-the j
office in .San Francisco has been manaeed, but ,
a -••> rotary must be made of sterner stug than ,
Comrade Rockwell if he failtd to catch some
thing of the spirit of negloet, inattention to
and ienorance of the regulations of their
mod responsible stations, which character
ized many of his superiors in- uftice.
When during the course of Mr. Rockwell's
examina;ion he was inquired of concerning i
plain and unmistakable failures on the part
of the board of directors to comply with the
by-laws of the home in respect of its meetings !
and accounts and general business, he could
onl}- reply that such matters were not in his -
department and were none of his business, j
When some oT the directors, who ought to
have known better, wen inquired of concern
ing the requirements of the by-laws they had I
..r.ly to answer that they had never read the j
br-Lawl and did not know that such acts were
expected of them as the by-laws demanded.
The committee regrets that it is unable to
select any members of the board of directors;
who have fully dischareed the duties of the
office to which they were elected. While raeet
• the board" have been held, those re
quired by the by-laws nave not been convened,
and the business of the home has oeen prac- ,
tically in the hands of a few. The board as a
board" has undertaken neither to control the
administration and discipline of the home nor ■
the purchase of supplies, nor the expenditures !
of money, nor the auditing of accounts, nor
any other matters essential to the proper con- !
duet of the affairs and discipline of the home: ;
arid the committee feels compelled to s-ay that ;
much of the real responsibility and blame for
the acts and omissions of duty of officers of the :
home most rest upon the board_ of directors.
For this neglect of duty and of the require- .
ments of the by-laws no explanation or even
apology has been offered beyond that of ignor
ance, and the committee is of the opinion that
public confidence in the a<im:ni.'-trauon of the i
affairs of the Veterans' Home, which has cer- j
tainly been lost, can only be restored by the
resignation of tnose of tne present board who j
were members of it prior to the recent election
and by the appointment or election of others
in their places.
The argument will be made that every
thing reported two years a^ro will oe
equally applicable at tnia time. The in- j
gating committee consisted of: B. J.
Loop (chairman), C. A. Fuller, Magnus
Tait, E. C. Thatcher, Jerome Dea?y (sec- ;
retary).
The followinc composed the board of
dire 'tors at the time tnia report was made:
\V. C. Burnett, William H. Keddiek, Sam
uel Deal, W. H. H. Hart, J. C. Currier, K.
li. Herrick, G. H. Stevens, M. D. Hyde.
G. W. Arbuckle and H. T. Hobert Of
this number W. C. Burnett, William H.
Reddlck, J. C. Carrier and <t. \V. Ar
buckle have continued as direr-tor?, and
the present board consists of: W.C.Bur
nett, WiliiaTn li. Keddick, J. C. Currier,
<i. W. Art nc.de. 0. A. Fuller, S. J. Loup,
J. A. Garrett. J. D. Barnett, G. W. Strohl,
C. A. Blinn ami S. W. Backus.
•General W. H. L. Barnes and Judge A.
J. Buckles acted as counsel for and as
sisted the committee in this investigation,
and General Barnes wrote the report.
OAKLAND POLITICS.
; Forthcoming Meeting of the Third Con
gressional District Committee.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— Ala
xneda County members of the Third Con
gressional District Committee Till meet
next Wednesday evening at the City Hall
in Alarueda to finally arrange for the
selection of delegates for this county to tne
State Convention. There is so far no ap
parent break in the deadlock, and each
faction is working bard to gain a vote from
its opponent, one vote in either case
meaning a decision.
It la well known that Senator Earl,
George Morrow and E. K. . Taylor are
inclined to send ex-Mayor George C. Par
dee to St. Louis to name the next Presi
dent, while Morrison, Long and Inkier are
considered friendly to Senator Denison.
As Denison has said that he is confident
of success in the county delegation and
that he does not care whether the dele
gates are appointed by the committee or
elected at a primary, the position of Ingler,
Morrison and Long in forcibly objecting to
primaries is not easily understood.
County Clerk Frank Jordan, who is en
ergetically working for primaries in the
interest of his stancti friend and supporter,
Dr. Pardee, saicl to-night that the feeling
in favor of primaries is beinp manifested
more every day.
"Ail the dust-throwing and all beating
around the bush will not serve any pur
pose," said Jordan. "The Republicans of
this county do not want any body of men
to do their politics for them." They .will not
stand it. It Denison's friends have cause
to feel so confident as they say they are,
why should they oppose primaries? If
the* committee is* not working for an ulte
rior purpose it will order primaries."
The action taken next Wednesday night
by. the Alameda men will depend in some
measure upon the decision of . the Third
District committee which meets in San
Francisco Saturday. .
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
NOT TILL HIS
SVENGALI COMES
Then the Sleeping Jap Will
Be Roused From His
Trance.
FRAUD OR HYSTERIA?
Violent Experiments Tried on the
Man Who Only Wakes
to Eat.
HAS SLEPT FOR TWO WEEKS.
One Doctor Thinks He Is Shamming,
but Anothei Says It Is a Genuine
Case of Hysteria.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 13. J
The Japanese doctors are at swords'
points regarding Tushako Hirano, who
has Deen sleeping at the Receiving Hospi
tal, with the exception of meal times, for
over a week. Dr. Kurozawa says Hirano
is actually a marvel, while Dr. Kodawa
thinks he may be a fraud.
Steward Victory of the hospital is a stu
dent of psychology, and he believes that
the little Japanese is under some myste
rious influence and that not until he is re
leased by the same person that now con
trols him will he awake from his slum
ber. The steward says there is no differ
ence between the sleep of Hirano and that
of any other hypnotic subject.
When the sleeper's Svengali appears
then he will awaken.
Tushako was picked up by an officer at
Twelfth and Franslin streets and taken to
the City Prison, where he was charged
with violating the "sleeping-out" ordi
nance. For several days he lay in a. stupor
at the prison and no food rjassed hia lips.
He was then taken to tr-e Receiving Hos
pital and after a little time he took nour
ishment. For several days he has been
roused and fed three times a day, but as
soon as his ravenous hunger is satisfied he
at once resumes his sleep. When it was
thought that the man was shamming vari
ous devices were resorted to for the pur
pose of testing his sleeping qualities.
Dr. R. Kodawa of San Francisco, who
came over to see the sleeper, is not certain
that the sleep is genuine.
"It may appear strange," he said, "but
It may be that Hirano is feigning. I have
seen him before, and I had experience with
him on two occasions. In each case he
was in a sleep like this, and in each case I
woke him up. He was once in a Japanese
mission in San Francisco. He fell asleep
there and I went to look at him. I spoKe
to him, handled him and poured cold
water down his back and he came to him
self.
"On another occasion, when I was at the
medical college, he claimed that he suffered
a great deal from a tooth, and I wanted
him to have it extracted. He said that he
worshiped God and that God would re
move the pain if he went to sleep. He
slept, but he woke up soon after I called.
He had the aching tooth, too, and I guess
he has that tooth yet. Ido not know why
he. should deceive, but he may think that
if he appears sick he may bring people
who will give him money and other arti
t cles. I think that if be should be left
alone in a room with nobody in a position
where Hirano might be watched he would
soon open his eyes."
This morning Dr. Kurozawa conducted
a severe ordeal on Hirano. He was ac
companied by the supjrintendent of the
' Japanese Mission at San Francisco.
! Hirano's fingers were bent backward until
I they were almost at right angles with his
j hand. His toes and limbs were likewise
'■ treated and placed in unnatural position?.
1 The eyes 01 the sleeper, however, never
opened, although he writhed in pain. He
did not eive expression to any articulate
utterance, but he groaned in agony, some
times sitting up in bed and at others
squirming away, from the experimental
ists. The doctor and the superintendent
left the hospital declaring that the case
was the most pronounced one in hysteria
that they had ever known.
The patient was taken to the County
Hospital this afternoon. ;
SAYS SHE STRUCK HIM.
Murderer Hill's Excuse for Taking His
Wife's liife.
OAKLAND, Cm.., March 13.— The attor
ney for Benjamin Hill, on trial for the mur
der of his wife, made his opening state
ment for the defense to-day. Attorney
Bradley reviewed Hill's married life. With
respect to the events that immediately
preceded the shooting he said that after
leaving the house Mrs. Hill had; told her
husband that she would not live with him ;
that she had been unfaithful to him and
that she wanted to be taken care of by the
man who was the father of her unborn
child. She also told Bradley that she did
not love her husband; that »he had never
loved him and that she«married him solely
for the money ho had supplied. ■
Hill begged her to forego her resolution
to ; abandon him, and when he did so, she
became angry and .-truck him in the face.
These acts, Attorney Bradley said,- might
not in themselves justify killing 'in a sane
man, but were sufficient to render a man
who loved his wife as Hill did to become
insane, and on that ground he would -ask
the jury to acquit the prisoner.
When reference was made to the aban
donment of the prisoner by his wife, Hill
laid his head on the table and wept. Sev
eral witnesses from Snisun testified to the
good character of Hill before he left Suisun,s
and the case was continued to Tuesday
morning.
Mayday Fete.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— A meeting
of the Mayday Fete Association was held
last night and steps were taken to prepare
for the Moral display at the Oakland Trot
ting Park.
Tiie management of the park will have
expended fully $100,000 in erecting a new
trianu stand and other buildings, renewing
the track and remodelingttoe grounds gen
erally by thar time, and it is hoped it will
be possible to have the grand opening of
the park on the same day. A. committee
will wait on President Williams of the Cal
ifornia Jockey Club to-day and make the
necessary arrangements tor that purpose.
Must Wait Four Days.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— Adelia
Everett, the 15-year-old girl who is anx
ious to become somebody's wife rather
than go to Whittier, was in the Police
Court this morning and her case went over
till next Tuesday. Grandma Hobart. the
only relative and guardian of the girl, has
not raafie up her mind whether she will
consent to marriage or not. Mrs. Pres
cott of the Humane Society argued against
tiie match and Attorney Ayer argued in
favor of it. The grandimi will decide next
Tuesday, and Adelia will stay ia prison
till then.
Mrs. Wilraore Stays In Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— Mrs. Wil
more's attempt to get out of jail on habeas
corpus proceedings was unsuccessful to
day. The petition was read, and Judge
Otfden declared it defective on several
pointy so it wa^ denieU. The prisoner
was accompanied in the courtroom by sev
eral ladies iiom the First Baptist Church.
A new petition will be prepared.
Apologize br Be Sued.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— A. Krueer,
the private detective who has been work
ing up evidence against violators of the
license ordinance, has sent notice to Theo
Gier that the latter must retract his state
ments or be sued for libel- At the meet
ing of the Merchants' Exchange Mr. Gier
said that Krnger had worked up case? for
the police ana afterward had offered to
square them for n consideration. Kruger
denies doing bo and demands an apology
or damages. Mr. (iier says he can prove
all he has said, so the case will probably
go to trial.
Clark's ChaniDion.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 13.— Rev. John
W. Ellis, pastor of the Centennial Presby
terian Chinch, called on the District At
torney to-day and examined the testimony
taken in the hearing of William Clark, the
aged Kast Oakland gardener, charged with
immoral conduct toward two little girls.
Rev. J. W. Ellis said it wa« impossible for
children to teil such stories and said they
had been coached in the matter by Mrs.
Prescott of the Humane Society. District
Attorney Mahew denied any such thing.
The case will be heard May 5."
(Juest of the Mayor.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— David B.
McCoy, superintendent of the New I'ork
Central and Hudson River Railroad, was
the guest of Mayor Davie yesterday. Mr.
McCoy introduced himself as a friend of
the Mayor's brother, Labor Commissioner
Davie of the State, of New York. Mayor
Davie toot Mr. McCoy and wife around
the city and suburbs," and concluded a
day's pleasure with a purely California!)
dinner. Everything was 'native from
wines to cigars*, and Mr. McCoy said nianv
complimentary things about them. It is
HENRY AIiRAH.M, MANAIiKK DENTAL COLLEGE TEAM.
[From a photograph. l
! supposed that Mr. McCoy is here for the i
I purpose of being able to make an Intelli
gent report to the Vanderbilt line man
agers of the working and value of the
Southern and Central Pacific roads. He
says he is here for pleasure.
£xpen*ca Reduced.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13.— The report
of the Commissioners on the extension of
Seventeenth street has been riled with the
City Clerk. The total damages are fixed
at $6378. The owners awarded damages
are aiso assessed $5142 for" benefits, so that
the assessment it very Hgnt Thttxpenses
of the commission are $812. Under the old
law they would have been $1200.
Saved by a Foot.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13. -For a long
time several blocks of streets have been in
a bad condition and any proposition to
have them macadamized has been fought
by the property-holders. Street Superin
tendent Miller has found a way to get out
of this difficulty. There is a section in the
treet law that provides that a protest
shall not be estimated when improvements
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
Mrs. J. A. Sample Owes Her Strength to This the Best
of All Remedies.
For the unfortunates who lie awake,
staring at the ceiling and counting the
strokes of the clock, every sleepless night
is an eternity.
Mrs. J. A. Sample of 1558 Broadway,
New York City, was afflicted with insom-
nia until her nerves were on the verge of
prostration. She thinks her condition
was due to indigestion. Here is what Mrs.
Sample says:
'■I have used Paine's celery compound
with marked and decided benefit. It is
especially useful in insomnia, arising from
indigestion and poorly nourished nerves.
"I should add that my granddaughter,
Vera HaHeigh, was so thin and puny at the
age of 10 as to cause us the greatest
anxiety We had no difficulty in inducing
her to take Paine's celery compound. To-
day the roses bloom in her cheeks, and I
never saw a healthier, stronger child than
Paine's celery compound has made her."
The brain is the center of the nervous
system. Sleep alone rests this vital organ,
extending less than one block are ordered.
Last' night a bundle of resolutions of street
work were ordered each one loot less than
a complete block. This will prevent pro
test, and the city will pay for the extra
foot.
The Free Baptist*.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 13. —The
Golden Gate Association of Free Baptists
is holding its semi-annuai session with the
Oakland Free Baptist Church, Rev. Philip
Graif pastor. To-day's programme is as
follows:
i*"- ; Prayer meeting, 11a.m.; business meeting,
11 :S0 a. m. ; lunch in the vestry for delegates,
12:30 F.X.i Pacific Coast Union, 1:30 p. M.;
conference sermon by Rev. William K.Moserve,
pastor of the Union-square Free BaptistCnurch
of San Francisco, 2 p. m.; covenant meeting, 3
p. M. ; adjournment, 4p. m.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
A lamed a County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters. <
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, March 13. 1
The" jury in the case of Franz & Fuchs vs.
Frank Bieler after a session of ten minutes re
turned a verdict at 2 o'clock this afternoon of
$2146 for the plaintiff. A stay of execution
was granted for twenty days.
In her suit for a divorce several weeks ago
Mrs. <ieorgo E. (iaylord charged her husband,
who is a sort of spieler at the pier, had been
top gay with Mn, Ed Blair, with whom he is
said to have gone out bicycle riding. Mrs. Gay
lord got bet divorce and now the sequel is a
suit ny Ed L. Blair for a divorce from his wife,
in which he names Gaylord as a co-respondent.
Arrangements have been made by which a
permanent passageway will be maintained be
tween Blair l'nrk and Mountain View Ccme-
U-ry. The new plan goes into effect initnedi
art ly bo as to accommodate those going to the
Elks' Rest services on Sunday next.
The widow of the late Robert J. Thomas,
who was killed by tailing down a shaft in tne
Pioneer mine, has left her home in Hay wards
to go to the scene of the accident. Besides a
widow the unfortunate man leaves live chil
dren, who reside in Hay wards.
M>.«. Lizzie Carter, formerly of this city, now
of Omaha, is again experiencing the mania for
crazy letter writing. Attorney F. M. Sawyer
is the victim of lier epistles: In them she
charges him and a number of others with
crimes which, however, are only the creation
of her disordered fancy.
Dorothea Olsen of Alameda claims to have
information that her youDg husband Peter
prior to his marriage with her had a wife and
child in Sweden. Peter is at present chief cook
and parlor boarder nt the County Jail and was
not to be seen to-day, so his story could not be
obtained.
together with the nerves. During the i
waking hours the nervous svsteni work 3
incessantly. Poor sleep means a poor !
nervous condition, and prolonged insom-
nia leads in every case to prostration, and
too often to dread insanity. The mischief
that results from weakened nerves is much
greater and more destructive than most
folks even dream of.
The all-important thing for nervous,
run-down persons, and for those who are
losing sleep is that Paine's celery com-
pound builds up the whole physical sys-
tem, and by improving the digestion and
regulating the nerves it insures sound, re-
freshing sleep.
In winter most women and many men
lead hothouse lives. A flagging appetite,
a disposition to pick at this dish and that,
rather than to eat a square meal, is among
the early indications of failing health.
Then comes delay in falling asleep, and
the fretful, uneasy feeling the next day.
Deliverance from such a mis rable con-
dition by the use of Paine's celery com-
BERKELEY FIELD SPORTS.
I Students Have Entered for a
Series of Athletic Con
tests.
Josh, the College Boys Funny Period.
ical, Is to Appear in a New
Form.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 13.— The
sophomores and freshmen of the State
University will contest to-morrow after
noon on track aud lield on the university
grounds.
About forty students have entered for
i tke various events. A good deal of train
ing has been done and it is thought that
one or two records will be broken. Lloyd,
the captain of '99., is expected to break the
university record in the shot-put, hfi hav
ing already done so in practice, and he has
a record very near the U. C. record in
the pole vault.
Dorn of *Bfl hag surpassed the university
record of 127 feet 8 inches in the hammer
thro w by several feet in practice and he is
relied upon to repeat the periormance to
morrow.
Following i 3 the complete list of entries !
for both track and field:
Field events: 16-pound hammer throw —
Dorn, Hill, '9B; Miller, Hooper. Jessen, Gries- ]
berg, Pearley, '99.
shot-put— Dorn, Hill, Newman, '98: Lloyd, :
'99.
Polo vault— Budd, Mumma,'9B; Lloyd, Ed
wards. Cuinmings, '99.
High jump — Miller, Bakewell, Dozier,
Mumnia, '98; Lloyd, Claussen, Pasche, ,
Houghton, '99.
Broad jump— Dorn, Dozier, Miller, '98;
Lloyd, Dresser, Claussen, Edwards, '99.
Track events: 100-yard dash— i>ickie, Proc
tor, Muuro, Baugh, \Yhitcomb, '98; Dresser,
Morse, PascUe, Donnelly, '99.
220-yard dash— Dickie, Proctor, Jones, Dorn,
Baugh", Whitconib, '98; Dresser, Morse, £ug- .
Strom, '99.
440-yard dash— Jones, Miirnni, Brown,
Reeve, '98; Hought'jn, Lloyd, Dresser, '99.
880-yard run— Jones, KeeVe, Newhall, Ander
son, Brown, Miller, '98; Carrol, Jackson, Stead
man, '99.
Mile run— Brown, Anderson, Reeve, New
hall, "98; Carroll, Jackson, Steadman. 99.
120-yard hurdle — born, Jones, Baugh, Bake- ;
well. '98; Cummings. Castelhun, '99.
220-yard hurdu— Dorn, Baueh, Bakewell, :
Jones, Mumma, '98; Castelhun, Cummings.
99.
A number of prizes have been offered
for record-breakers and winners of points. !
A pair of running spikes will be given by '
Clabrough, Golcher & Co. to the student
winning" the "largest number of points;
E. T. Allen <fc Co. offer a similar prize for
the breaking of a U. C. record ; John Elliot
of the Olympic Club will give a goli medal
to any student who breas.i the university
record in the mile run: a sweater wili be
given by Root Bros, to the athlete who
wins the greatest number of points on the
field, and the winner on the track will be
furniohe'i with a running suit by J. Printer.
The officials of the clay at. the track will
be a* follows.-. Referee, A. W. North, U. C,
'{*>; field judges— R. \V. Kemp. L. C. ; E.W.
Eugren. A. C. ; C. K. Mots?, U. C, '96;
judges at finish — R. Morgan '91, J.G.Howell
Jr. 'IMJ, C. Holton 'yti, timekeepers — Pro
:e«sor Magee, P. Kocli '!!6, Cf. K. Swigle
I*7; starter, H. B. Torrey '!)5; clerk of
course, H. Graham :«i; scorer, R. T.
Chestnut '97; marshal, F. Hade 1 tin ger
'96; announcer, F. W. Henderson '97.
liil»t-<'!:i-s Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 13.— The final
game for the baseball chain nionship of the
university will take place to-morrow after
noon between the dental college and the
class of '99, which two have been Victors
j in the contests that have already taken
place.
A great deal of athletic enthusiasm has
been aroused in the dental college, and
Manager Henry Ahrahm of the dentists'
nine says that the Thole dental college
will turn out to cheer their representa
tives to victory. The advent of the
affiliated colleges in Berkeley athletics is
something almost new with this season,
I and much satisfaction is expressed at
prominence the affiliated men bare
won, for the co-operati n in athletics
of the several hundred State Uni
versity students who study in San
Francisco means that the number of
men from which Varsity teams or nines
can be selected will be much increased, and
consequently that better records may be
hoped for.
The deutal college nine to-morrow will
pound has caused men and women from
every section of the United States to write
sincere, hearty words of praise and thank-
fulness for this grand invigorator. People
enjoying perfect health sometimes wonder
at this gratitude; but whoever has suffered
from prostration of the nerves, of which
insomnia is ons of the symptoms, will
understand how hard it is to overstate the
torment of this condition. And whoever
has been made completely well by Paine's
celery compound feels that no words can
overstate the joy and gratitude such per-
sons feel.
This is the state of mind of thousands of
nervous, sickiy, broken-down persons who
have used Paine's celery compound and
been made well.
Mrs. Sample tells of the happy result in
the case of her grandchild. One of the
most conspicuous instances of the remark-
able power of Paine's celery compound
over debility is shown in the relief it has
afforded children. Of course, the dose is
adapted to the age of the little patient.
The compound purifies the blood and cor-
rects any tendency to constipation. Pal«.
puny children are made vigorous, rosy ana
healthy by this incomparable remedy.
j consist of Thomas R. Wheeler, catcher;
! Thomas 8. Morden (captain), pitcher; W.
I H. Harney, first base; P. K. Bonnell, sec
ond base; Henry Abrahm (manager), third
base; H. 0. Menton,- shortstop; William
Lonisson, George Hayne9, J. I. Richards
j and L. J. Roth, fielders. ,
The freshman class nine will be made up
as follows: Catcher. Mott ; pitcher. Kaars
berg; first base, Hall; second base, Mc-
Laren; third base, Krug; shortstop, Bach
elder (captain). The outfield will be chosen
from Ely,/ Dutton, Webster, Huffman,
i Swan, Talcott.
j The winners will receive the inter-class
baseball championship silver cup, whicH
was won last year ana is now held by the
class of '98.
The New Josh.
! To-day/under the auspices of DeWitt H.
Gray and James M. Oliver, will be pub
. lished Josh, in the interest of the uni
| versity men of the Pacific Coast.
In appearance the new Josh is bright,
clean-looking and "smart." In many re
i spects it recalls the attractive features of
; New York Life. In policy it is apparently
conservatively aggressive.' Its salutatory
i runs in this way:
Newspapers mold public opinion, so some
one has said. Poor, moldy Public Opinion I
They have told you that with this issue Josh
becomes a lampoon of the most lampoony
type; that henceforth Josh will cut and slash
without fear of God, man or the faculty.
Nothing of the sort. As for cutting and slash
j ing, that will only be turned in what you will
! all agree is the right direction; and as for
: fear— well, we have not really begun to trem
| ble as yet. But, most positively, we do not
; seek an empty treasury, nor fifty-odd libel
I suits. la the words of the country editor's
! first edition, "we have come to "'and shall
; remain just so long as you show your apprecia
• tion of the witty side of life. When that is
! gone Josh wishes to die. Same to you.
There is a manifest intention to make the
paper newsy, as far as compatible with the
; avoidance of crQuble, and with that idea
even the opinion of the dailies is not
. scorned by the management, which sub
mitted advance copies yesterday for a "no
tice" in these columns. . Similarly the
sweet girl graduate is catered to, although *
in a critically superior style that is strictly
non-committal. The editor will also en
i deavor to take the alumni into camp. He
says:
Among the new features of Josh which we
hope soon to introduce is a series of letters
from the alumni throughout the State. There
is not one among us that would not enjoy hear
ing of Brown in Portland, Smith in Los Ange
les and Jones in the Interior. Their college
training still influences their action?, and
sometimes they do things really humorous.
Josh will let you judge ere long.
The illustrations are distinctly good and
the advertising patronage shows a faith
that is encouraging.
Michigan Will Meet Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 13.— The Uni
versity of Michigan track team wants to
meet the Berkeley athletes should tbev go
East this >ummer. Captairf Merwin of the
U. C. team received word to this affect
from the Michigan manager ro-day. The
letter was in response to a communication
sent by Captain Menvin some time ago
asking if a meet between the two teams
could be arranged should the Californiana
again cross the continent.
'The stipulations which they made in
accepting our prouo.«ition are very satisfac
tory, on the whole," said Captain Merwin.
"They will guarantee us $200 cast* and
many courtesies to us. They will meet us
in all the events, both on track and field.
Oniy first places will count in this con
test."
Toiling College Men.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 13. — The
students of the State University turned out
in full force this morning to put the finish
ing touc es on the work of improving the
campus, which they began two weeks ago.
The new waik from Center street to the
football grounds, under the historic oaks,
was completed a little after noon, and then
the attention of the entire force was turned
toward the excavating and filhnz in
around north hall and the work of mak
ing the new walk from north half to the
electrical building. '
The task will be resumed in the morn
ing at 8:20 and will continue until mid
day.
Sankey Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal.. March 13.— Ira D.
Sankey, the evangelistic worker and noted
singer, held exercises at Shattuck Hall
last evening before a crowded house. T. c
pastors of the local churches and others
assisted at the meeting.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAESY »T. Established
i in 1834 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. Lost Manhood. . Debility or
I disease wearing on body and mind
I .•skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
I others fall. Try him. Charges low
Curenarnarantrrd. Callorwritet
l>r. <!, F. UUBBOITt Box 1997, SuxFnoOaiii
1314
REV. MR. ROSS TO
FATHER YORKE.
The A. P. A. Champion De
clares Father Becker
Still Lives.
SAYS HE IS IN MICHIGAN
Use of the Deadly Parallel to
Show That the Chancellor
Was Wrong.
MORE AUTHORITIES QUOTED.
The Protestant Clergyman States That
His Opponent Slandered His
Own Church.
The following letter from Rev. D. M.
Ross is self-explanatory:
Eev. Peter r. Yorkt— Snt: T see by The Call
of Sunday and Monday. March 8 and 9, that
you are eoing to leave the City for awhile— two
weeks, I think you cay. lam sorry you are go
ing, because you h?.ve not finished answering
tl"e quotations which I submitted to you at
yonr own request. You told me last week you
were jroins: to devote one whole letter to the
"marriape" question : and while the people were
honoring you with their attention and their
expectancy you ya ss ed the question over, and
announced that you had answered everything
and every person in sight. How comes it that
you say i'r. <>:ie Utter you are going to answer a
charge, and in tho next, without giving the
answer, declare that you answered everything
that hail hen said against yon t I? it by the
rules of loeie or of grammar, or of mental
reservation that you accomplish the feat of do
ing and not doing the same thing at the same
time?
I think that your bump of making promises
is so largely developed that it has crowded out
the bump of fulfilling them. Early in yonr
newspaper talk last December you promised to
write to a priest back Kast for confirmation ol
a fish story you told, but you have not yet ful
filled the promise you made of prod-uclng his
letter. At a debate in Healdsburg, where Mr.
Walarap knocked you out so completely that
yon swore off debating, you stated that the
priest in Swartsville was" dead, and that you
had the proof, but you did not fulfill your
promise to produce It; and, by the way. we
nave since learned that the said priest is alive,
and that yon forgot to tell the truth. But per
haps you were rattled at the time.
You were not rattled, however, when in the
quiet of the Monitor office you wrote in answer
to Mr. HubbellN inquiry after Father Becker,
late of St. Helena, that the sa:<i lather was
dead. We knew that here also you forgot to
keep to the truth.
We sent a quiet letter to his new Bishop,
Rev. John Vertin, a man who tries to keep to
the truth, except when the interest of the
church requires otherwise, an 3 received a
ci> mt, concise answer.
In order ttiat there should be no mistake we
inquired for the Father Becker, late of St.
Helena, Cal. Let me append yonr words and
the Bishop's side by side, in the' "deadly paral
lel." so that you may see yourself as others see
you:
YOHKE'S WORD. | THE BISHOP'S WORD.
Becker Is Dead. Becker Is Alive.
"The priest you name M a Bar ettf, Mich,,
this morni us (Becker) is Feb. 18, 1896.— Mr. ,
before c;od, else your cur- <>an Franetteo: Rev. K.
rish soul would "not have Becker is now In this,
slandered him by innu- diocese. He is stationed
endo. Face the living at Ontonagon. Ontona
and, moral leper, skulk eon County, Michigan,
not among the tombs."— Yours, sincerely.
Call, December 28, 1895. John Vertis,
1 Bishop of Marquette.
Are you not ashamed of your falsehood and
of your language? You call a man at once a
cur and a leper for exposing your pruriency.
What is the sense of callinsr any one a d< p ?
While on the question of promises and con
sistent conduct let me draw your attention to
your original position and subsequent course
of action. If you remember, you came at me
in your first letters like a scalping Indian.
Yonr onset nearly scared the wits out of me.
For some day^ I could see war paint and feath
ers and scalping knives wherever 1 raised my
eyes. At nieht I dreamt of all the Indian sto
ries I had ever heard or read. Your war-.vhoop,
as you danced around me, was "put up or shut
up." I said: "Let the public in to see the
Fcalping." You answered in Vanderbilt's la
conic words: "The public be anathema." But
finally, when C. A. Hubbell took your bet op
(ondition thai proofs be submitted in open
court, you said: "Thatsuits me admirably."
We thought you. meant what you said, hut
•what was our surprise when Foote let your cat
cut by Baying that you engaged him with the
express understanding that all be in private.
You made Foote your scapegoat. Perhaps he
is happy.
Besides, you ought to be brave enough to
meet me anywhere, seeing you have the whole
deposit of truth and religion on your side,
and I have only lies and forgeries "on mine.
Again, let me "hold the mirror up to nature"
in the deadly tmrallel .
YORKK CONSISTENT. [YORKE INCONSISTENT.
"Talking matches Kor three months he
prove nothing. Put up has talked incessantly
or shut up." fS«?e The; through the Dress, ami
Call during December, j 'through his hat," and
winds up by saying on
Ithegthinst. that he has
I proven himself right and
I all else wrong.
Wnat think you of a two-faced person like
••the mythical James? What think you of a de
ceitful priest? What think you of a priest who
strives more for victory than for truth? Is he
under any circumstances God? Can he, with
out moral sin, say ei?o te absolvo? Let me tell
you, sir, the lie which you uttered about
Becker, and which Bishop Vertin brings home
to you, will stay with you. It will be with you
■when you are alone and when you are in com
pany. It will stalk with you into the sanctu
ary and stand beside you and the altar. It will
weigh your words down to earth, though your
face be turned to the heavens. It will stand
by your deathbed and dwell with you in eter
nity. The living God has declared that there
Khali in nowise enter heaven anything that
xnaketh a lie.
In your interview of Stinday, March 8, in The
(all you shY: "These old slanders against my
<hurch have heen Fqnarely met and refuted.'"
That sentence is worth "looking at for a mo
mer.t. Who t-landered your church? What
were the slanders? When did yon ever meet
anything squarely— except a square meal?
What have you tefuted?
I know of r,o fewer than a dozen Roman
Catholic laymen in this City who have sn:d
that you told lalsehoods in your attempted re
plies to my lectures. I know of a number of
Roman Catholics who have looked upSchrader
and found out your willful falsehood about
the Syllabus. I have read your hysterical at
tempts to answer or refute or turn aside ray
proofs, as you tried to set yourself right with
the public. But let me ask you what can be
an answer to my proofs? Let ns see. lam
asked by you to find the following statement
or the substance of it, in any Roman Catholic
publication: "In case of conflict between eccle
siastical and civil powers the ecclesiastical
ought to prevail. " Please note that your own
words are ''the statement or the substance of
it."
I take this proposition first because I took
it first in the lectures, and since you give me
the choice between the- sutement or its sub
stance, I choose to find the substance of it
since it gives a wide and clear field.
PROOF. ' V'IRKE'S ANSWER.
• Pope Plus IX, In his "Koss outfit to sell his
famous Syllabus of De- Catholic books and buy a
cember 8, 1*64.88 inter- dictionary" iso* that he
preted at his own re- could tell the meaning of
quest by SchratUr in his nil me obsolete words
work. "Der I'abst und which my hired man and
die Modernen ldeen": the ol!lce boy find tor me
••In conflict of the laws of and which I use to prove
both powers the civil law 1 Know something).—
does not prevail." > iaminer, February 2.
That quotation from the Jesuit Schrader is
clearly the thing you demanded from me. It
is clear to any one who know.- the English
language so perfectly r.s you say you do that
bince the civil. law does not prevail whenever
it may happen to be' in conflict with your
church the church law ought to end mustpre
vail. . ' .
Let me show in the deadly parallel what you
asked me to find in substance and see if I
have not found it in this quotation. Lit it be
understood that it is the Pope who says the
state laws do not prevail when in conflict with
his church law.
THE PROPOSITION. THK PROPOSITION IN
HITBSTAXCK.
, "In case of conflict In conflict of the laws
between ecclesiastical of. both powers the civil
and civil powers the law does not prevail,
ecclesiastical ought to .Schrader, with approval
prevail." ,of Pope Pins IX.
Follow that up with Brownson, Sehouprje,
Jouin, ecclesiastical laws, X'apal letters, allo
cutions and decrees of councils and you haye
not a loot to stand on in your denial of the
propositions. Brownson says: "If the religion
and the laws cmio in conflict it is the laws
that are to be reformed, not the religion that
is to be suppressed."
Your answer, In order to be valid, ought to
contain the statement that my proofs were not
taken from Roman Catholic publications, lou
dare not do that. You have not and you can
not answer me in any other way than by call
ing jne vile mimes. And when you have used
up all the nasty terms that you couid remem
ber you ran away to Tx>s Angles and thus
hoped to make an honorable retreat. You *ay
that Riordan is not well lately and that, there
fore, you must go on a holiday. Just so.
bir.l have had men close to you and to him
for three months, and his own word for it is
that he is all riernt.
On the 9th you say you must stop writing
for a while, but that if anything worth no
ticing: is said it will keep. No doubt— truth
always keeps. So will the A. P. A., and you
will know on election day. Do you remember
the last thing you said as you jumped on the
train to get away from your wreck and failure?
It was an answer to Major Ryan, consisting of
"You dirty dog." That is choice language for
a priest, isn't it ? And of course it was a con
clusive answer to all the mfljor's quotations
from Dens moral Theology! I see you are
going to gather your stuff up into a cheap
book. 1 hope you will. I'll guarantee you
that I shall buy a copy and I will put up the
money for it. I'll not do as you did with that
hundred dollars wnich you promised to "put
up." I will not run away to Los Angeles on
what I promised to give to charity. I'll give
what I promise for your book for future refer
ence. And if you do not put into your book
all the nastiness that appeared in your letters
to the press I shall carry a file of" the papers
and the "bit" 1 book with" me, so that I can say
in the language of the ballad singer:
Jus: look at that.
Just look at this;
And tell m • if I'm not
A very pretty Miss!
Let me quote a few of my proofs and see
what your answers are. I shall use the
"deadly parallel."
Rnss' FIKST PROOF. TOBKE'S FIKST REPLY.
••The State is only an "The mountains are in
inferior court, bound to labor, and there appears
receive the law from the a (irapij'c-taiied Ross."
Bopreme court (the Examiner (Feb. 25).
church) and liable to
have its decisions re-|
versed on appeal."
Brownsox. j
Is that quotation not plain enough in its
assertion that State laws are subject to repeal
when they come into conflict with the church?
: Is my quotation not the substance of your
j challenged proposition? But what a learned
answer you gavel
Againlei us draw the "deadly parallel."
PROOF. YORKK.
Pius IX said: "If the P. Ross, an unnatu-
I church should hesitate or ralized Canadian. who de
j give way before an oppo- votes himself to t!:e pro
| sitiou of newspapers and lection of our American
I of Government* its office institutions, must neces
! as witness and teacher of sarily be a fraud and a
i reve ation w ould be hu m bug. — Kxamiuer,
: shattered throutrhout the February 28, page 4.
I world."— Life of I'ius, by
Hazard.
1 cannot see the connection between the proof
anil your answer, but it must be there, for you
I say you understand the English language fairly
well and no one else does.
Lei me submit your own church laws, as
ound in "Klemeuts of Ecclesiastical Law"
PROOr. TOKKE.
If princes and their The "I lements of Ee
laws deviate from the clesiastlcal Law" is a
law of Hod the church text-ix>ok of ihe church
] lias authority from <;od in the United States.
j to j u d s«» of that devia- '
lion and to oblige to its
co rec-tion.
Why cannot you say that these quotations
are not from Catholic publications? Never j
j mind telling us what they mean. Other peo- j
pie areas learned as you and can tell what
th — Beuieocea mean. Simply show that they
; are not in the text-books referred to or that
( the text-b'.>oks are not Catholic publications.
j Failing in that, put up your hundred dollars !
! for chanty, instead of junketing around on it I
I in your cowardly "run away."
I purpose showing you lip in this matter,
I even to your heart's content.
- Again let me ask you to answer this proof i
i anu tell me. does it not push the laws of the |
| State in their cognizance oi crime to one side? |
PROOF. YORKK'B A3KSWKM.
Q.— Is it allowed to Archbishop Riordan
transfer priests of bad and Key. P. C Yorke
morals from one parish will leave for Los An. c- j
to another instead of.de- lea to-morrow. — Inter
posing them? view in Tm Call,
a. — If the character of March 8, 1898.
such priest is unknown
! In the new parish, and
; there is a reasonable !
; hope that by the change "
> he will rpform.it is un- !
i quest onably lawful to'
I transfer him.— Volume
I, "Elements of Ecclesi
astical Law," page 171.
Let me ask you why is that law in your
church? What is the occasion for it? What !
percentage of priests comes under it? If there j
were only a few priests— rare instances— for j
whom such a need existed, would that law be
made! Does it not require over half the priest- !
hood to feel the need of such a provision before i
I it would become an accepted statute? True, i
the laws of your church are not made by vote
I of the priests, but if the priesthood was "white' '
I such a law as that could not exist for a single ;
: day. Imagine what a bellowing you would in
j dulge in if such a law was found in or prac-
I ticed by any Protestant denomination! Do
I you remember any cases of immoral priests
] sent to parishes where their immorality was i
i not known ? I know of several at present.
Do you think such a man as comes under i
I that statute is God, even in the confessional. !
! I approach the inside of your church with
reverence, and will not slander any holy thing !
within it, but I say without hesitation that I
when a church or society or Club covers up the
"bad morals" of its members, there must be j
"something rotten in the State of Denmark." i
And you, sir, a member of that institution, |
j call other people "dogs," "asses," "bulls,"
"frauds," "humbugs," "lepers," "liars" and
what not! Fie on your coarseness! Clean out
your mental stable, and show yourself a master j
! of refined language and a companion of moral ;
| men only before you assert in your conceit i
that you refuted all slanders. Can an institu- !
tion that covers immorality be slandered?
j The greatest slander on your church this year
: is your vulgar, coarse and indecent defense of
; it. Yours truly, Donald M. Ross.
HEIRS TO LARGE WEALTH.
Mrs. I.aiiclilm of New York ClaiuiM an '
Interest in a California K-t.-it.-.
Mrs. Laughlin and daughter of New
York are in the City to inquire into the
estate of James E. Lauphlin, who came to
California with his brothers, Peter ana
Patrick, about fifty years asjo.
They acquired considerable wealth,
which finally passed into the possession of j
certain attorneys, who have been paying
interest in tne sum of $1500 annuaily to
two nephews of the deceased, James Langh
lin, but have refused to close up the estate
because of the absence of other heirs.
Mrs. Laughlin, who is here reeking in
formation on the subject, is now quite ill
at the International Hotel, where s*he and
her daughter have room?. She feels that
she will have no aimcultv in eventually
establishing her claim. All she knows fs
that the nephews have been receiving in
terest from the estate for a number of
years. She has no knowledge as to who
controls the estate.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
D Harmon. Nevada City T Maclay, Petaluma
a B Hill, Petaluma Louis Janes, Mill Valley
H M N Spring, San Jose W F Stephen, .San Jose
X j Wodley, Detroit W C He*, Fieepor:
R C Terry, Clayton A C Milter, Sacramento
llcvn 1 1-ox Aw, Sacto Mrs E Fisuer, Vacaville j
E F Bern hard, Fresno W J Dealer, Madera
A c Hemming, Lincoln Enoch Knight, Los Ang '
C R Thompson, Quincey Hon ACaminetti. Jackson !
J Toohy, Tulare J S Meriver, Lini-oln
c Sbea, Jackson C V Thompson, Eureka
■ i E Kitts. Pomona PA Layne, Madera
Ed Park,san Jose F T Craw. Stockton
L A Chambers, Chicago .1 W Lawrence, I'.lmlra
S r> Harr, Stockton C Fowler, Davlsville
N I Lowney, Stockton A P Chilei <fe w, Cal
J C Thome. Portland J Tully. Chico
Mrs N Hartnett. Salinas Miss E Har;nett, Salinas
Miss r Hartneit. Salinas J A Todd A w, Chicago
G D Hunt, Chicago Hon J Markley, Sacto
Baldwin hotel.
F A Lyon, Sacto Chas Reynolds, Denver
F R Bell, Denver J Roach, Marysville
J Giles, Chico T Robinson, Cal
F Gamer, N V T Costeiio. N y
H sticklers. Cal J C I.yncb, Cncamonga
W F llernst, San Mat?o <; E Ha Ob, >an Ma co
3 Smith. N V Mrs E M c ooke, B< a'on
s s Bridges. Chicago C A Tackley, London
j C iraux. Chicago I Brown, cai
F Morvell. Artz M Boehter, Indianapolis
II E Decker, N V G F Mann & w, N V
X C Ong, < hicngo T B U llmeth, N V
Mrs L Marsha, Chicago T 8 Cobb, Mich
W M Ketchiini, Ciicaco W J'almiog, Cal
H B Smith tt w, <'olor:ido B P P.arker, Livermore
M DeVrirs, Stockton s It Horsho, Chicso
MrsAValroi. Reno Mrs Ilnrsho, Reno
OOSXOPOUTAM HOTEL.
Jno Kincry. Kans Mrs M Styerstrom.SLake
Jno Ilimhins. Salt Lake .1 A Wood. Porterville
.1 W Norton, M is 0 R Hurdick. B I
s a Qurdner, Boston i-t Weir ,v w, Forestvilie
Mist Kenyon, l-'o-estvll Mrs Kltehie, l-'orestville
1' Langfrits, Denver w .1 lirrxienck , Merced
M E Beatty, Portland A Zabor, Oakland
X Uogt, Brooklyn Bliss L p;.elps. Vaiiejo
Jas si,i^i,is. Merced (i Carrothers <k d, l'ulare
.1 X Arnisironc, stocljtn F Frater. Portland
II Caleb, Eugene, Or F Kern <fe w. Cedar Rap
II Parkhins. 11l H s Fox, Brookville, O
C McLean, Australia A G Twitehin. Australia
J Rrvnnan «fe w, Austral J sbarrocli, Australia
Jas Nolan, Australia F Patterson, San Jose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr* Mrs E VMarev.N'Y J B Flacc & wf, N York
Mrs J C Robinson, N V W E Gerber, Sacramento
J J Genoa, Philadelphia MrsFMcLaughlln.staCK
C H Jont-s, Mich W H Wyman, < oronado
J E Terry, Sacramento It White, London
s s Sart'oVd, Cleveland Mrs A W Lemore. Denver
L A Shaw Jr. Chicago S L Fulweilder, Pliila
J C Aikeu, New York Mr A: Mrs J X Herod, Jap
A Newton, Chicago E 8 Churehil , Napa
J N Burke, San Jose C H Brickwedel Jr. stmr
J H Ftlckinger, San Jose China
J W Mitchell. Los Ang F C Lusk, Chico
A Leach. Los Angeles \V R Burke, Los Angeles
J A Gibson. San Diego F Carney, Marinette
Mrs Carney, Marineue A X Carney, Marinette
C J Titr.s. Sacramento C F Latimer, Ashland
A L Black Aw. Whatcom Master Black, Whatcom
F Lowengart, Portland It s Howard. New York
J W Stout, New York E Schmitt, Milwaukee
W J Chlem ft w, Mil wau (» V Eaton, Stanford
T A Lock wood A: w.Chigo W M Strong <t w, Detroit
L Deitz, Philadelphia T T Lane, Anjcels Camp
E M O'Brien, Chicago R \V Foster, Chicago
H II Hilton, c hicaeo 8 B Smith <fc wl, Coio
It s Root A «•(, Denver F Thomas & wf. Denver
H Godriani, London J B DutcherA servt, N V
E Wlllets A- wf, N York J(J Mitchell & wf, N V
s Wlllets; New York T Wollstein & w, Chicago
MJ«a Wollstein. Cliicago N Bowden. San Jose
LM Bineham.liurlinKton H J Edwards, sun Jose
V Dclafleld, New York L Allan, Stanford
M -A Murphy, Colton Mrs Leach, Oakland
E Warner, Nashville J M (Jniv Jr. Nashville
C H Phillips, San Luis MrsC H Phillips, Sn Luis
GRAND HOTEL.
B F Hartley, Auburn C A Swisler, Piacerville
Mrs Blocklinger, Wash XI) Conanton, Wis
J B Allen surer City T Wilson, Cnl
A J l>avis. Colusa A T Terry, Stockton
M A Dealy, Cal X X Pierson, Santa Rosa
C Walker Santa Rosa B Baker, Mass
11 E Baker. Mass Miss X shoals, Folsom
A T Osborne, Los Ang Mrs M Shonls, Folsom
G Mason. Santa Cruz Miss Hunger, Los Ane
Mrs J Lin- us, Portland J M Vaude <fe w, Eureka
It U Goodspeed, Cal C }l Hurt. Knights Ldg
Miss s Bf-azley, Mo E H Griggs, Stanford
E E Harlow, Stockton D Donohoe, Marysville
H P Knoblock, i hio C Clemens, Grants Pass
Mrs D Conley. San Jose M V Kuley, Fla
Miss V Conley, San Jose . J H Deakin, Enpland
C F Kams, I.os Angeles F Kol'.iker, -acramento
J Trayner, Marysville Mrs A Lisle. Columbus
Mrs S Rounds, Los Ang H X Stalil, San Jose
(i Armstrong, Snlinas II T I'anar, Cal
H E Decker, N V T B Huehes. Boston
W a Hoiser, I.os Ang J A Ferguson, Fresno
W H Lorentz, Stockton W s Tinnius, Martinez
X V Krownwell, N V F Ketterman. Tenver
J X Rose, Lakeville W E Peck. Santa Craz
D C Clark. Santa Cruz X J Briaeoe, s.-in Jose
.1 c Ttoe. .sto<ic on J C Rpddock, I kiah
X H<\nike, Blrcksfourg J T Suliivan, Berkeley
F J T.tßßert, tunford Mrs Biockhurs. Blocksbg
1> BMcvoy, N V W X McCoy. N V
E «' Weiidnok, Sacto W Beckman, Saeto
J Dorham, Chicago J) Lnbtn, Sacramento
J It Roberts, San Jose .1 O Tunston, Sacto
J L Ilolinan, ZanesviUe P J Shields, sacto
I. 0 Grant, Salinas W II smith, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Bodelson, Honolulu C P Rossbach, Honolulu
B I, Fisher Alumcda F Adams, Alameda
W Drummond, Kansas W Cook, Ploasanton
A Wicklatid, Cal J Carrol!. Honolulu
H Sherwood. Honolulu .1 CavanaKli, oakiand
A Jobnson, sacto M 11 • unan, Fargo
L Williams, Trenon A Frinjrs, Australia
Miss II Soder, Mariposa Mrs U Zt-ller, Mariposa
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nit ti' in the j-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHt'Kt'H NOTICES.
WT~g= CENTRAL JaETHODIMT EPISCOPAL
LS>*' Church— Mission St., bet. >ixth and Seventh.
I Pentecostal services. Rev. Joseph H. Smith, 're I
i evangelist, the associate of ihe iate Dr. S. A. Keen, I
will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. and conduct >
a Pent> costal mass-meet in,, at 3 p. M. Sunday. j
Prayer mid testimony meeting at 9:30 a. m. '
Young people's street- meeting at 6p. m. Young !
j people's rally at the church ft:3o p. m. Sundav-
i school l P. m. Pre.-.cnlag Monday at 2:80 and
• 7:30 p.m. All-day meeting Tuesday; Pentecostal
; praver-meeting 9:30 a. M.: pleaching 10:30 a. U.
i Love- feast 1:80 r. m.; question-drawer opened at
: 2:3 ■■ p.m.; children's meeting 4:30 p.m.; young
I people's rally at 6 p.m.: final jubilee service at
i 7:30 P. M. All are welcome.
! HOWARD-ST. METHODIST EPISCO-
| 2*~-^ pali'liurch, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
: pas'.or. Mr. Martin Schultz, musical director; W.
j F. Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. Hours
of public services, 11a.m. and 7:30 p. M. .Sunday-
school at 12:30. I'raver-meetlng W-dnesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:30 Sunday evening.
Morning sermon by a former popuar pastor. M. C.
Brigcs. D.I). Evening subject, "A Pathetic Ap-
peal." Pastor's residence, 212 Powell st.; telephone,
black 1131: church telephone, black 661.
CK5f» UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
&~-& Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkin — Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor, will
preach morning and evening. March 15. Morning
subject, "Assurance." Evening subject, "Deter-
mining. Influence." This centrally located chnrch
I will heartily-welcome visitors, who also may .find
j it worth their while to attend. Air. Norris, organist,
j leads the song service. .
| WrX* FIRST I'KESBYTKRIAN CHURCH,
ls*£r ■ cor. Van Ness and Sacramento st. — Rev.
i Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Kdwin 11.
i Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Mr. Jeuks will preach at 7:30 r. M. Sunday-
! school at 12:45 p. m.; Young People's society of
: Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are welcome to
!' these services. -■•"•' -"•--
NOTICE OF aiEETJNGis.
! JCTS* MISSION LODGE 7 NO. 169 F. •Jl
; u»-^ and A. M.— 'era and members _^Jf\_
: are hereby notified to attend the funeral of^S Jf
our late brother, ELLIS ROBERTS, from 'V >
, the hall of this lodge, TO-HORROW (SUNDAY),
I at 1:30 P. M. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
SFts* con cord I a LODGE NO mO£& • "
! *-*' 122, I. O. O. The funeral #»#|sra£.
j committee is hereby notified to as-
! semble at Odd Fellows' Hall SUN- *?/)»***'
DAY, March 15. at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late brother, HENRY MILLER.
By order of 11. A.SCHULTZE, N. Or.
Christ Koeber, Secretary.
i jiPgJF* B. p. O. ELKS. GOLDEN (Tatew^?
i ffit^^ Lodge No. 6 — The members are
\ hereby notified to assemble In the lodge- Jt'\
room, Alcazar building, SUNDAY MORN- #T -,S
ING. March 15. at 11 o'clock sharp, to attenu the
dedication or the Elks' Ke;t. of Oakland Lodge
No 171. Visiting members cordially invited, liy
order. " • . J. O. REIS, E. K.
Attest: W. c. Dudley, Secretary. -
Etr3p NOE FRAUD — MISSION DEFENSE
m~& Union meets THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-
ING at 8 o'clock, at the ball, southwest corner of
Guerrero and Twentieth sts. Everybody Invited.
JOHN 11. GRADY, President.
A. P. Van Duzer, Secretary.
aPs= ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
t^^fi" annual meeting of stockholders of the
Western Sugar Refining Company will be held at
the office of tne company, 327 Market St., Sun
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
I for the ensuing year and the transaction of such
| other business as mav come before the meeting. '
Transfer-books will close on Friday, March 20,
! 1896, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
m^S* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
: S^S f THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for #1 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
u^- 15^ meals (private rooms) at Ellis-street Res->
j taurant, 250 Ellis s:.
! 'jtr^r' ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
! ■ t>JS' a prospecting party In charge of experi-
| enced mining men having knowledge of the coun-
try will leave this city for the -discovered
gold Melds within a few days for the purposemf
locating gold properties Par les wishing an In-
terest apple at once. Rooms 80 and 81, Columbian
building, 916 Market St.' *
F5»""lUIi 'TENANTS EJECTED. FOR .$4;
l*-*& collection* made,' city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., 1 room B. Tel. 6580.
»^gp WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
«»- iP scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
dt.mni.-es cuaraMteed. (J. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.'
I »-^> MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
Jr-'V Electric vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ft^S" DIVIDEND NOTICF^^VIDENrTI?.^
»~-^ 29 (15 cents per share) of the Ilutcbinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be pavable at the
i ollice of the company, 327 Market sireei, on
! and after FRIDAY. March 20, 1896. Transfer
books will close Saturday, March 14, 1896. at 12
o'clock M. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MTITATIOXS WANTED-FEMALE,-.
FIRST-CLASS ORBHATf COOK DESIRES
situation; understands all branches of cooking; !
best references. MISs CULLEN, 323 .-Milter st.
V EAT WILLING GEKMAN WOMAN, WITH
x\ a child, desnvs a situation; good cook: refer-
ences; country. Ml-ss CULLEN. 323 Suiter st. - '
PETE NT, RELIABLE, MOTHERLY
woman wants a situation us mother's helper or
a* nurse In an Institution: can- take charge :of •
country hotel or roomtag-nonae: best- references.
Address B. <>.. box 38, Call Ollice.
IJELIABI.E ELDERLY WOMAN WISHES A
-IV place to do general housework: home desired
more thau wages. Ap. 312 C.emcntina, nr.Twelfth.
OMrETK.NT, WOMAN WISHES A SITTUA-
\J tion as cook or working housekeeper In a small
family. Address M. C, box 4. Call Office. >..;
MIDi>LK-A(fKD LADY, WITH A BOY ll
years old. wants :i housekeeper's place in citv
or country. ■ 189"Fourth St., room 19. •
RELIABLE. EXPERIENCED WOMAN WITH
child 5 years of age wishes a situation; can
take full charge of house. 227 Second at.
EXPERIENCED MIDDLE - AGED LADY i
wishes situation as Invalid's nurse; wages rea- .
sonable: city or country. , Aadr. 846 Mission, r. 4.
LADY, HIGHLY CULTURED, 'PROFICIENT
X-i in both music and French.wishes pupils; would *
attend public or private schools. Address .MJit.
L., box 78. Call Olhce. .
_JSJTTIATIONS WANTED— Continued.
JKyiNETT~YT)T : NTrTAI7Y™rjEsT^
tiou as companion to lady or assist with bouse-
-1 hold duties: pleasant home . want'-d more than
wages: references: San Francisco preferred. Ad-
dres<C, box 6. Call Office. Oakland. .
"DEFINED r YOUNG LADY WISHES ANY
-It Wind of sewing or mending.' 1169 Mission St., !
room 1 5, second floor. . !
PELIABLK GIRL wishes situation, do !
-It cooking and housework: city or country ; wages j
$20 to $25. 2410 Geary st. - . - :-' f :-.>. ■-■-.■■, j
EELIABLE W iMAN DESIRES SITUATION j
as houseKeeper: no objection :to tha country. !
Call or address 149 Taylor St., room 8. '
GOOD SCANDINAVIAN GIRL ; WISHES
situation to do cooking in American family;
wages $25 to $30. Call 766 Vi Folsom st. .
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
VX do general housework and cooking. Apply 499
Haight st., nr. Fill more. . -
GE liM AN WOMAN WANT* WORK BY THE
day; washing, ironing, house or office cleaning.
Call or address 612 Minna st.
OMAN WANTS ANY KIND -OF PLAIN
»» sewing to ' do; gent's clothes cleaned and
pressed. 114 Fourth St., room 15.
A ' i (UNO EDUCATED WIDOW WISHES A [
.' situation as infant's nurse or general house- j
worK and cooking; country preferred: best refer-
ences. Address MRS. SHERWOOD, 531 Sui.er
St.. upstairs. '
I RST-C.ASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
"I garments to work by the day; terms $125.
Call or address 218 Eddy St., upstairs.
GK MAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJT take care of baby or children. Apply Twenty-
fourth st. and Treat ave., over fruitstore.
SCOTCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
chambermaid or taking care of children. Ap-
ply S., box 4, Call Oflice, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY, with GROWN-UP
daughter, wish situations in same house:
mother as housekeeper, daughter as chambermaid
or nurse. • Call 4% Yerba Buena St., off Clay, bet.
Mason and Taylor. HFWE
WINCHESTER- HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week : convenient nod resi^ectabie:
• He- I.m to an.-l from Me jerry. .-'-_'
-SITUATIONS- \i .-. > JciJ-alALfc.
Pc. o. cook's soc. suppXTesTooicsTall
. branches: short notice. 4«.earv. tel.Grani4s.
UNTER & Co., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
esc employment office, 17 Webb st.. below !
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; tel. 23L
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT '
0 office; best help. 81 4 8 Sutler: ! el. Gram 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V ollice; best help. 414' 2 O'Farrell; tel. i-.. 426. i
yOUNG MAN. WITH M.I, FAMILY Is li-
i- es situation as gardener or care of fruit ranch; !
best reference. 147 Thirteenth St., care pastor of '
the First Swedish M. E. Church.
MACHINISTS— SITUATION WANTED BY j
vise hand of long experience: model, experi-
mental and uei oral work; skilled in working of
ini-tHis; at moderate salary: reference furnished.
Address Mechanic, box 16, Call Office.
PRACTICAL . ELECTRICIAN — UNDER-
-L stands wiring, dynamos, arc lamps and steam;
had charge of large station: holds college certifi-
cate for lighting and power. HUGO, Fortuna,
H.umboldt County, Cal.
pOACIIMAN AND GARDENER A NTS Slf-
\J nation; city or country; best of references.
Address, care MRS. OJ BON, 11 /2 Antonio st.
AN AND 'WIFE. WIT- OUT CHILDREN, j
just from Germany, wish situations in city
or country. Apply G. THIEDIGS, New Washing-
ton Hotel, Fourth st., city.
I." 1 MPLO Y M I-. N r ASKED; «35 A MONTH; [
li property security. A. KHEUDE. Pulaski st.
LIABLE BOY OF 15 YEARS WISHES A I
situation. Call or address 28 Hawthorne st,
I HAVE j FOUND" SECRET OF DISGUISE OR I
-I illusion: by it I can disguise newspapers and i
j planets, etc., can be distinctly seen, on them; I !
: wish a situation to travel. HENRY' KELSEY, •
. 1016 Pine
MPLOYMK.NT WANTED BY A MARRIED i
man who understands raisins; of chickens by ;
! incubators; needs employment and a home more
than large salary. K. K. A., box 105, Call Office. ,
ADVERTISER REQOJ RES I'OsiTloN AS '•
clerk or bookkeeper in wholesale or retail i
house; excellent references; moderate salary.
j R., I6TilLlenst.
"MUST CLASS ~ TEAMSTER WANTS SITUA- \
r tion in country to drive team or do any kind of :
farm work: is steady and reliable. Address C. P., i
box ll y, Call Office.
OOD GARDENER (SWISS) WISHES SIT- '
nation; middle-aged, single; lake care of i
] horses, cows, etc. ; best of references. Address I
1 Gardener. 60 Third si.
VOUXfI MAN, WHO IS A FAMOUS HORSE-
X trainiT, to saddle and harness in aristocratic :
< style: a good coachman and understands the care ;
: of any stock; good reference; 5 years' experience.
Address F. Y.. box 15. (all Office. •
OOKKEEPER — A COMPETENT BOOK-
i -D keeper with 12 years' experience wish '8 situ-
j at ion in the city with wholesale or commission
houee: best of references: highly recommended
i by present employers. Address L., box 81, Call.
/"COMPETENT OAKE BAKER AND ORNA-
! \J menter with many years' experience wishes
j situation; city job preferred. Address G. P., 921
Mission st.
AN AND WIFE WITH ONE CHILD WANT ,
situation on ranch: man good all round farm- !
er; wife first-class cook; ' wagts $30. R. P. G., j
637 Howard st. ,
S" TrUATION. WANTED by CARPENTER j
and stairbiiilder; city or country. W. 8., room
28, 1421/2 Fourtn st. :
'< OM PETJiNT COACHMAN WITH GOOD CITY
\J references, steady and reliable, wants asitua '
tion. Address C. li., box 136, Call Oflice.
S' BAD V MIDDLE-AGED MAN, A SWEDE,
0 wants situation to wash dishes in the city; good
references. Address E. H., box 61, this oilice.
ITUA'fION WANTED FOR a FIRST-CLASS |
0 cook; German; steady and sober; restaurant or
coffee and lunch house: moderate wages; good ref- '■
erences. D. J., box 105, Call ofiice. .
UTLER, FIRST CLASS. WANTS CARE OF
private place; understands all outside work: i
good references: will furnish bond for faithful ser-
vice. Address W. (J., box 16, Call Office. Oakland, j
Ba i : b, FIRST-CLASS MAN, WAN TS j
work; bread, or cakes; city or country. Ad-
dress Baker, 309 Third St., Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER WITH COMMERCIAL EX- !
perience desires to keep accounts for 2 to 3 j
hours a day; good reference* Address B. K., box ]
143 Call Ollice.. '
I tXpan'ese housk-cleaning and car-
I ') pet; washing windows; any kind of work bv j
the day. 1600 Pacific ave.. near Polk St.
oil' I ' A TH WANTED— < GKNER- i
O ally useful; good horseman; understands gar- l
dening; can milk: city references; moderate wages. '
Situation Posioflice, North Temescal. AlameduCo. I
\\"ANTrl> SITUATION BY MAN; NURSE
«* or traveling companion to invalid; can give I
good - references. --. Address Companion, box 17, '
North Tf-mesca', Alami-da County. Cal. j
FEMALEIIiai' WASTED.
TO 1 ANTED— A LADY'S-MAID ANIPsEA^T- '
'» stress, $25; rook, wash and ironer. $25; nurse, ,
8 children, $20: laundress and < -bamber" aid, $-_'5;
20 good housewo rk girls for city and « ountry, $25 j
and $20. Apply to MISS PLU.NKETT, 424 Sut- ]
ler st.
ANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR I
'» maid for private family in country, $26. Ap- ,
ply MlSs PLUN KETT. 424 Sutter st. |
\UANTED— A r.IKL FOR LIGHT SECOND j
tt work: must speak little Spanish. Apply MISS i
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st. ,
HEAD WAITRESS, $25. ROOM, ETC.; 2 I
waitresses, country, $20, room,- etc.: waitress, !
$5 a week: waitress, $15 and room: 12 house-girls, ]
1 S2O: 13 honsegirls, $15: 9 * .erman eirls. $20; 7 :
! Swedish girls. $20; 10 young girls, *8, $10 and '
| $12 a month, assist, etc.. pice tamilie.-.; girl for 1
I San Leandro, 3 In family. $'-0: see party in office
! 11» m". to-day. MARTIN'S Employment Agency,
749 Marke. st. _. " j
fi ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN HOUSEGIRL, i
" * 3in family, see party here 10 a. m., $25. C. R. I
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL" FOR BENICIA. $20: HAY-
wards, $20; San Leandro, $20: San Bruno,
*15; Vallejo, $15, and 15 housegirls for this city, ■
$15, $20, $25. C. It. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary. j
\\r A ITKKSS, SKA-IDE RESORT, $20, CALL i
»» early; 2 chambermaids and waitresses, $1 5; i
waitress for Monterey, see party here, $15. c. R. !
HANSEN & CO., 11 0 Geary st. • j
WANTED-2 GIKLS FOR HOUSEWORK IN !
»T. Stockton $20 and $25. Palo Alto $20, San '
Rafael, $25; nurse, 2 children, $20; German
nursery governess, $25; young second girl, $16; ■
laundress and waitress, $20; cook, German stvle. .
; 3 in family. $25, and girls of all nationalities for
! cooking and liouseworK in city and country. J. F.
CKOSETT A CO., 312 Sutters .
} EXPERIENCED GIRL, SECOND WORK AND I
Jli sewing, across the bay, $20; cooks and house-
work girls at MURRAY A REA D Y'S. 634 Clay st.
OMAN FOR HOUSEWORK, PA LO ALTO, I
$22, see lady here; 2 housework girls. Stock- i
j ton, $25 and $20; 2 second gins. Mare Island, 815 j
I each; 12 housework •girls, city and country, $20 '
i and $25:? 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS :
1 I'LLEN. 323 Slitter st. -
V EAT HOUSEWORK GIRL, $25. MISS CUL- I
I -LV^LE.V, 323 Nutter st. ■ ; - i
I I\ ' OMAN— i 1 1 ) I • 1-. WO II : »20 : PALO ALTO; 1
I » » see party here. ,MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stock-
ton st.
WAITRESS FOR COUNTRY: $20. HOTEL
_»' GAZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
E A T GIRL OF ABOUT 15 YEARS WHO
J-> 5 can speak German to mind children ; no other
work; references. 3 830 Eddy st. . ■ :- . . _ . : |
W ANTED— A BRIGHT ~LADY COMPOSITOR i
'» on weekly p»per. Address," giving reference
and wages, Printer, box 42, this oflice. ■■ -
y OUNS (URL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; j
X sleep home. .1109 Van Ness ave.
Wanted- A GIRL to do general
** housework.' 226 Devisadero st. •
• V'or.M, g7rL TO > MIND BABY AND AS-
X slst housework; sleep home.' 1334a Union st.
EXPERIENCED FINISHERSO.N CLOAKS AT
M. SKMINOFK's, 1228 Market st. .'
GOOT) TAILORESSI AND BUTTON-HOLE
J maker on custom coats. 436 Sixth 5t. . . ,
GIRL FOR GENERAL USE WORK, $15.
Apply after 10, 634a Twenty-nrst si. £*.-
'■: . . ».
■> HKtP WAyTKP-Contlnw»cl. ___
GIRL - FOR CH AMBER WORK. « WAITING
and sewing; only one thoroughly competent
need apply: city, reference required; good wages.
j Apply 2226 Sacramento st. ;
MIDDi E-AGED GERMAN GIRL OR WIDOW
as. housekeeper; one who can attend to a
j store. Address J. H. E., box 78, Call Office.
GOUPLEOF YOUNG WOMEN, GENTEEL AP-
V pearance, to solicit; salary. U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. • ,
WANTED^- 2 APPRENTICES TO LEARN
»» dressmaking and millinery. 1234 Golden
Gate ave. : - \
OPERATOR ON BORRAZ BRAIDING-MA-
chine. DANNENBAUM.MUELLER & KAHN,
723 Market
XPERIENCED HAND ON LADIES' WRAP-
XJ pers, shirt waists, corded sunbonnets; work by
power or at home. 409 Hayes.
LA D I ES TO . LEARN HAIR-DRESSING,
-i-j beauty culture, etc. 131 Post st., room 20.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101c«sons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
PIRESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
A/ quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c un; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'"Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $6 pur
week: f'»e bus to and irom. the ferry.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. '44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 &0 to $6 per
week: free bus to and trom the ferrv.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-<v ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
T AWRENX 7 E PATTERN HOUSE— d'rESS-
JUccttln? school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
JULIS lltL '*' \» A -• li±L>.
WA^tleD-FR^NCh" STTBTJrTAIfrrcIIORE
• » man for country, $25 and found; 4 more men
to clear land, see boss here: farmers; bo.v for vez-
etable garden, $10; oysterruan, $30 and board and
increase; baker to buy shoo, and others. Apply to
J. F.'CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
■BLACKSMITH FOR A CAMP; BLACKSMITH
I ' for a ranch; 4 nail operators. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SHINGLE-MAKER, SEE BOSS HERE: r 5
O wooacboppers; Ita'lan farmer; ironer: 3<ooks;
3 waiters; porter: German boy as porter: farmer
and wife. MURRAY & READY, Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS COLORED WAITERS FOR
country hotel, S3O. C. R. HANSE.V & CO., 110
Geary st. * .- •
EAD COOK, $00 TO $65, SECOND COOK,
$35 to $40, for country ho:el ; 3 waiters with
dress suits, first-class hotel, $30; 3 waiters, coun-
try hotel. $30 and $25: kitchen hand for summer
resort. $25. ' C. K. HANSEN * CO.. 110 Geary st.
CAMP COOK, $35, ETC.: ALSO SECOND AND
dishwasher, railroad* work. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency, 749 Market st.
MAN TO assist WAITERS, $25. HOTEL
HI GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment,.sccretarr. CONRAD TltOfclLL. Cs7Clay.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCIIS.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF cal. employ-
ment. Sec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238y 3 O'Farrell.
MAN AND WIFE.GERMAN, WANT SITUA^
tfon; wiff> a eood cook; can do washing and
ironing; speaks French and English: man car-
penter, painter, ceneral house and farm work. Ad-
dress 759 Mission st. .
> ne"rge"tic person with SMALL cap-
-Li ital to take active interest, in a monopolizing
business. Call and investigate at any time at 606a
Shor.ve.l st., city. " ; ■
THIRST-CLASS TAILOR OPERATOR ON LA-
£ dies' jackets: steady work and good pay. At
DAVIDSON & M t LLKRS, 121 l'o^t st.
COMPETENT PANTSMAKER FOR THE
country to wt-rk by the p ece. Inquire at M.
SEILER .v CO/8, 120 Geary st.
Tl' ANTKD - EXPERIENCED HAT SALES
'• man; first-class reference required. RA-
I'HAKi'S.
TRONG, BRIGHT BOY, ABOUT 16 YEARS
0 old, who can bring unquestionable noiramen-
dations. 124 Post St.. be ween '.) and 10 a. m.
\\ r ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS BARBER; CALL
" early. 602 Clay st.
1 JABBER; SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND
I* Sundny. 872 2 Howard.
ARBELt FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
107y 2 Fifth st. .
hARBEK FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY";
$4. 626 Fo rth st.
1; AiiBER WANTED. 757 HOWARD ST.
AHBE't TO-DAY; WAGES |»; BOARD. AP-
ply 412 Folsom st.
TXABBEK FOR SATURDAY. 1303 DUPONT
i) street. . >
T)ARBKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
D Sunday, 114 Hayes st.
OY ABOUT 15 FOR boo i black in BAR-
-1 > ber-sl:op. 328 Mo itgomery st., room 618.
OOD PAPER-HANGER WANTED AT 334
Geary st. Call 8 a.m.'
WANTED — BUTLER, MA RE ISLAND;
TT wages .*3O. Call 315 Sutter st.
IV ANTED — LATHERS. FOURTH AND
TT Welsh stu.
YOUNG MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL TO
A buy interest in show-card and sign business:
good chance to I. arn tr.ide and make good living.
FRASER, 809b Mission st.
I/ 1 OR SALE— TWO-CHAIR- BARBER SHOP;
J. cheap: good location. 415 Hayes.
A\l\ MKN to get a fine, stylish, dur-
r)\J\f able calf shoe to order, $2 £0. 959 Howard.
WANTKD-MEX TO GO WHALING;' " NO
*T experience required. A pply at once L. LEVY'S
clothing-store, Battery and Jackson sts.
/"I LOV E-M AK K US ; " WORK GIVEN HOME.
VT Inquire B. BLUMENTHaL & CO., 18 and 20
Battery st. ;
p KEEN HANDS and seaman, CAKPEN-
VI ters. coopers and blacksmiths to go north.
228 Pacific.
AIKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-L' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; woek $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet read room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all nighu
VI AN TO TRAVEL AND APPOINT AGENTS;
I*l salary $80 and expenses; $100 cash securitv
required: references. Address M. T., box 118, Call.
TOCK BRICK MOLDERS WANTED. APPLY
0 in shoeshop, 803 Folsom st.
I~Tew~good~ men for merchant ships
1 and whalers, immed:ately. 225 Clay, upstairs.
WANTED— GOOD LATHERS ON FELL ST..
»T near Ash bury : no strikers need apply. --•
OMESTIC SALESMAN-ONE WHO S IV A KS
German preferred. S. T.. box 161. Call Office.
Wanted— industrious MAN AS part-
*» ner; good corner and location; first-class fix-
tures, with stock; 1 barrel whisky: pool and
billiard table; cheap rent, with rooms; only small
capital. Apply 1324 Mason st.
k|| MEN WAITED TO EAT 15C MEALS. 250
OU Ellis St.
\\' ANTED— A MAN TO ACT AS OVERSEER
»» of hogs, out of school hours, and do general
work at un orphans' home where there are over
200 children; moral and undenominational re-
ligious instruction to be part of the duties re-
quired; one in middle life with good health, and
who has had experience in the management of
children, preferred. Address Templar, box 66.
Call Oflice, S.F. . .
IUHEKE IBTHEMAN-THAI HA* $2500 TO
TT loan employer for 12 months, interest at 8
percent? or will give interest in the huslness;
must be sober and honest and give good reference;
duties are timekeeper and assistant superintend-
ent: from $1000 to $5000 per month will pass
through his hands; locution, country; salary $90 a
month and board. Address W. 1... box 163, this
ollice. . '
[ESTABLISHED BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE;
i-i fine location; only one In town: must be sold
by April 1, Address W. J. MePHER.-ON, May-
rielq. Cal. ■
WANTED — A FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN
'» who is acquainted with crockery ware, tin-
ware, stoves, etc. Apply 523 Market St., at room
7, bet. 3:30 and 6 p. M.
ANTED— PARTNER. OR WOULD SELL
*' barber-shop. 1 737 1 / 2 Market st.
OARTNER IN PORK AND DELICACIES
X store; small capital; horse, wagon. 235 Third.
TTesT MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKBD; 8
XJ courses, 10c, at .-eattle Restaurant. 137 Fourth.
L'OR SALE — RIiE(IA>T~BAKBKR^iiuP; 5-
X years' lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
OUP, MEAT, BREAD, WITH BEER, WINE
Oor coffee, sc. MRS. DALY, 6 1 9 Merchant st.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. ', , '
ANTKD-SKAMEN FOR EUROPE AND
*» South seas and other ports. 10 S:erfart • st. J
upstairs."
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS MEN TO SOLICIT
orders for custom-made suits at wholesale
prices; city and country. K. H. LEVY.II3 Bush.
ARBERS, ATTENTION— TO LET, Al SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro st June. Market and 17th.
\\r ANTED— SEAMEN; ORDINARY SEA AND
tt green hands for deeivwater voyages, whaling.
Apply 117 Drumtn, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACHAMKNTO
'" St.: 200 rooms; best In the city- sing.'e rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c. ;e q:* 
D~ O NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be done by," and come and \ see : half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price; work
guaranteed. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
ANTED-MEN .AND LADIES TO • LEARN
i » » ; barber trade: ■ only 8 : weeks required ; -. t«ols
given and wages paid for Saturdays >md Sundays;
catalo»r,e*. . .->. F. Barber. School. 1515 Howard st.
TVTEW ; AND , SECOND-HAND shoes , from
i-i 25c up: men's half soles, 40c. 003 Mission st.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, BUM
nearly new, 25e to $1 25. . 562 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863^ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 26c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
Vf EN'S Vi-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
1»1 while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
Ujjl TOTS4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
tiP JL" large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
.-■..-
.-...... - _ • r . . _
HELP WASTED- Continued.
R~~^s^Aisniau^Er3^r^LTr?sTTrß^^
li 20c to 50c night; *1 10 $4 week: openall night.
W ANTED— MECHANICS. CLERKS, LABOR-
" ers to call if they do not receive their just dues:
law and commercial collections ; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 1 10 Sutter st.
TAT ANTED-LAEORERS AND mechanics
VV to know that Ed ilolkln, Reno Home proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150
large room sj_2sc per night: $1 to $3 per week.
\\T INCHES! -J.JR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
»T Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
II MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
•J." »U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CITi'— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night; 11. »l 25, *1 60 p«r weet
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
»» steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
T.-'REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X also a bottl eof lager. sc. at 637 clay st.
qpKY. ACME HOUSE. Hit! 'MAIiKET «t.. BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
",»» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week; ,
reading-room: dally papers- ■ 36 ('!»'• nt.
AtiKNT. WAN s El). _
M~~ALE A~NT> "FEMALE; SPLENDID AH-
tides; big profits; quick seller. 623 Kearny
St., room 12. .
A GENTS— WE HAVE THE ONLY MONEY- j
A making noveUies for hard times; write or
call; our agents are all raakin? money. Alumi-
num Novelty Co., 110 Sutter st. ._
fukmtuke WANTED j
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT. MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. I^eave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
ASH PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA- j
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th sth. |
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR j
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy i
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.; mil or send postal. j
HOUSES WANTED.
I Vr ANT E I D— TO~REN t" HOUSE" "S?" 36" OR^O j
»» rooms north of Market street; good location j
for table board or restaurant: rent must be reason- !
able for first year. P., box 161. this office.
KOOUS WANTED.
Ty^A^rrF^^TTN^uTtNTsTTE d carpet e d
" room, with kitchen attached; between Goush
and Buchanan, Fulton and Oak Ms. Address N.,
Cull Brancn office, s:-i9 Hayes st. '
~W A NT:; : >-~~fl~T_E AN E 6 ~VsT~
TToiLER \v ANT ED, 40 TO 50 H ORS EI'O W K R ";
'-> also engine,' 3 to 6 horsepower. P. D., box
153, Call. ,•■■.■■"■•■■.-•■:/
\\r ANTED- YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS ]
» » repairing: best work at half the regular price, j
DEUaS. watchmaker. 126 Kearny St.. thirl floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW j
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
CLAIU\'iVA>Ts.
B^^6u^nrFoßriTu»r»TpE^
STARLIGHT REMAINS
ONE WEEK ONLY.
. This marvelous little woman announces that 1
this positively her last week in this city.
Those almost supernal ur.l powers that have
lightened the burdens 01 thousands will be at your '
disposal but one week more. If you are unhappy '
! see her before the opportunity is lost. She has I
j located the most prosperous of the Cripple creek j
1 mine*. Unhappy married coupe* reunited: in- i
vestments whether large or small assured success
by her power of prediction.
Pi ice 50c and $1 for tills brief period only.
Don't fail to consult Ihe ".-avant" of the age at
parlors 5 and 6. 110a Grant ave. *
MISS MEL VINA, CLAIRVOYANT, PICTURE
or ftuore husband or wife. 786% Howard st. i
ME. ESPh-UANZA— CLAIKVuYANT AND I
card-reader. 2_B Taylor st.
! VIMK. RAVENNA reads " your life
i i»l fluently, tips on races, names given; 25c up.
I i Removed from 828 Howard St., to 5 Fourth.
CAC AND $1. " 50c AND $1. I
«JU PROFESSOR LEON.
533 POST ST.
Wonderful power to tell p;ist, sent and future; j
j advice on all affairs; removes evil inuueucts; let- j
ters with stamps' answered: hours, 9 a. m. to Up. m. j
I^ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MA 1 1 ATM A [
1 palmist and clairvoyant medium. Ml5 Ellis
si., tells past, present i.nd future events with ut-
most truth; slttincs: ladies sL'c, gents $1
TVEME.MBER THE SEERESS OF THE AGE,
it STARLIGHT, parlor 5, 116a Grant ave.
ME. LKGI'.Ti'E; PRESENT, PAST AND FU- ;
ture; 25c. 811 Tehama St.. upstairs.
ME. MUREAU. BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS j
past, present and future :2sc up. 764 Howard st, '
MM E. A RNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN j
tbe world: 50c and $1, shows you ;he Dictureof ;
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
MME7 PORTER, CARD- READkR;. TkILS |
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1; '
palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $1 60. 126 Tone st. !
ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER: PAST. |
present, future; charms; tee 50c. 914 O'Farr-.-ll
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium;and card-reader. . 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART the greatest card
reader and clalrvoyani; in the world; seventh j
daughter: has read cards since 11 years of ate; and !
! mining, lawsuits and marriage; ladies or gents
50c. 017 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eges and cards: tells entire life, past,
I present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake iru- [
possible: foe .*!; letter it 2. tv^!> Pus' St.. nr. Larkin. !
SPIRITUALISM.
A~ --- ~7X
PROF. VAN DE VEKK.
A splendid opportunity to consult this famous !
medium for a mere piitance.
If you would Know wha the future holds for '
you call witnout delay. Advice on all matters.
PROF. VAN DE VERE.
1646 Market st.
MRS. SHRINER, GRAND CIRCLE TO- I
night; tests to all 25c. 311 Van Ness ave. j
A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10c. MME. ;
."\ YOUNG, 606 -McAllister. Skeptics invited. j
C/.EMA. RHEUMATISM.- ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bnld heads, and other chronic diseases 1
trentea by W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market St., r. 2.
G'y ps y MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN- ;
davs Included): 25c. 946 Mission: hours 10 to 9. j
\|RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT ■
I'l :r -ih-h merHiim: sittings ♦!. 21 S Stockton si. !
DENTISTS. j
HONEST WORK: VERY I6^VEST^T-rTcEs7
DR. HARDCASTLE, 028 Montgomery, mi. 1. '
IpULL SET OF TEETH, 7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H. '
0 G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction !
and patentee Of Improved hndge work or teem ;
wit 1:0111 any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'F.-\rrell s:. '
V>AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN |
JL bridge work a spocialtv: plates, 85 up; 13 vear*' j
experience. B. L. WAI.sH, D.D.s.. 815% Geary, j
I \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
-L' work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS, ;
crown work, bridge work and teeth wittiou:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st.. cor. Grunt, ave.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
/ ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
sblsagent icr painless extraction: artificial teeth
lirmj!s: n'Hlr.ssirm $1: extracting 50c. with gassl.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH? WARRANTED AS
«4P ' good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
77k. LUD"LUM~HILI, . 1443 MARKET MT
\) near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new; '
teeth from $8 per set: extracting We: gas given. i
1 'OLToN DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »U6 MAR-
'_> k.tst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DK. J.J. LEEK, 120« MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
U Gate ave.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon. j
LL WORK • REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. .1 W. KEY. 112H Market st.
. . LOS I. ~~
IOST-A BLACK FEAT?n~R~OSTRICH TIP
i collar on Bush st. Return to 1109 Bush st. and
receive reward. .
I OBT— OVERCOAT AT MOUNT CALVARY '
i Cemetery: $5 reward. Grocery-store, Seven- !
teenth and Dolor, ' •
TOST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY I
xi not getting my shoes • made to order bv !
GEO. KKVANT for »5. 204 I urk st.. near Jones. \
■ ATTOK>E_S-AT-LAW. . '~"
AB'viCE FBBK^DI VOROIf LA WB~ A "spici-
alty; private;; no charge unless successful- all '
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc ' -it-
tended to. G. W. Howe. att'y-at-law. 85o'Mar'ket.-
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW. TTf}
Market st. advice free. : . '
TT\ 3. MV R BAY, ATT Y AND COUN SELORAT '
1 . law; advice frt.e. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14. 15. I
WW. DAVIDSON. ATTORNK Y-AT-LAW AM
fT . California ■„. run. 14- It: ad view free. ;
BUIIDING AND LOAM ASSOCIATION j
pONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN \S
V sociation— Home ofliee, 222 Sansome at., 3 _* '■
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pti*
Oliver Kldridge V.Pr.; W Cor bin, sec.AGe'n. M%a
..-■ - • •■•/ .-' TO LEASE. : "
TO LIEAP^^U ITABLK FOUMILK RANrai ■
barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; bath. 1013
Market st. .
:  ,CX € L s? ~ . " '
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHKELS~TO~LET- '
_■ best . accommodations. Terminus Oearr M_! i
Ailisteraud Powell »u cur lines. '
V J SEWING MACHINES. -
llk.nds"bought, -sold, exchanged"
•«• rented, repaired; lowest rates. .205 Fourth st.
FKKSON AI-S. _^
T*Mb — P^KIJK^ANY INFORM
Pclnc'endnghi/whereabonts will be gatefolg
received by his parent-. Address i. H. PICKLE,
McN ear's ranch, Port Costa, 1 ai. - . --
W ANTED - INFORMATION cONCBKN^a
VV JOE GRAHAM by his wife and family. HAT-
TIE GRAHAM, 619% Mission St., room 9.
ETER JACKSON, A NATIVE OF SANTA
j X Cruz, West India Islands.
T»OLITIC\L-BE AMERICAN PATRIOTS;
X read the greatest and best silver (bimetallic)
pap'lr. illustrated weekly. -The Silver Knish. : and
! National Watchman." edited by Senator Stewart!
published Washington City; Congressional
i speeches, and many able articles on money, gold,
' silver and greenbacks; $1 annually; sample
1 copies: subscribe through agent. CUARL_.»
i BLACKBURN, International Hotel, city.
i \V AH C -MMENCES; HOT-HOUSE ROSES
»V 25c and dot ; California violets, 10c bunch;
carnations, 26c doz. : also all flowers at low fig.
' urea. DOME NIP A CCI 3."8 Slitter st.
i ''I/ LOWER WAR; VIOLETS AND LILAC-. 5o
-T bunch; hothouse roses, 35c do*. : it.loor roses,
! 10c do/.. : California violets. 10c hunch. .-JI4B sinter.
EPICURECOFKEE PARLOR-CHICKEN DIN-
Jli ner Sundays,*2sc; 5:30 to 8 P. m. 731V4
1 O'Farrell (Barber). _____
4 DVICK FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
i A law, damage suits, insolvency. Knight Law
I and Collection Agency, 1001 Market St., S\V. cor.
Sixth st. ; ,
MATIONAL BASE ORE REDUCTION^ <(> M-
i\ panVs stock for sale. Apply In person, to R. T.
; BLAIKJE, 3 365 Sixteenth at.. West Oakland.
I INFORMATION WANTED OF DANIEL
I 1 O'BRIEN, late of Vancouver, Washington. Ad-
i dress his mother. MARY DONOVAN, 1717 Eddy.
HAVE YOU LETTERS SHOWING YOU ARE
entitled to money in Eug.and and want
i money? 214 Post st. ■
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
J\ cialty; private: no charge unless successful ; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
! pOME TO MY HAIR-DKESSING PARLORS
I \J once and you will come again, the prices are
i so moderate and the work so thorough; 25c for
I hair-dressiaz. Includes waving and enameling the
1 face. G. LEDKREK, 111 Stockton st.
I 1 #IAA CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
IUUU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
T B.L. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER-
' O . ful; triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. B. JACKS, agent, 214 Brannan.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPJICON SHOW EVE-
ry ni(r'..t cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
advertlsements in living Hunt; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
T ADIES 1 HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
Jj superfluous hair removed : bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBAHD, 923 Market st.
full fine poultry A.\U game HO to A.
J STRASSER. 78 and 70 Center Market.
T>ARTINGTON's SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i 1 and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
I classes: instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
! Partington.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 42-1 Pine st
RAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GKIND-
-I\j ing new edge on razor. 25c; razor concaved,
i 60c; razor honing _nd setting, 25c; first-class
j work. Razor Exchange, 080 Market st.
"PEMOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
II O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
C» I A UOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ONTHB
■ tip I floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
I /CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
I \J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
I ADDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
i _A. become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
; (the future Chicago): I will sell vou property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
I JiOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F.
! T"ou"l{QuTN"'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
i I > Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
; tral Pharmacy. S\V. cor. Grant ave. and sutlers:.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVER > KOOM— WIN*
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per nieht: SI 60 to *6p»r
week: tree bus to and irom the ferrv.
I Iji_,nAL ADVANCIi.3 ON DIAMONDS JEW-
ij elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES a l. SUITS KETAILED A?
\J nifrs' cost. Facrorv. 20 San^oino st.. upstair*.
/ |LD GOLD, SILVER. UENTS AND LADIES
' ' clothing bo^l!:h^■ « ''M.MAN. 41 Thirl st.
JJl>_3aJlA— .
DRESSES AND 11': WRAPPERS B6 CENTS
and up. 605 :t 4 Natorna St.. near Sixth.
I/MKSi-t i.A» HKKSSMAKI.N ! DONE; CUT-
-T ting an I fitting by S. T. tailor system; perfect
; fit gnaranteed. I)., box 78, Call Oilice, Oakland.
REMOVED— BRADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR
±\> Elegant stylish suits 85 up: dresses mndeover. j
R^r"K6sA~TcoTTAR^M^?T'GER~VIAN'" MlD-
wife: graduate in Budapest (Europe); can be .
consulted in all cases: ladies will find a good home
at reasonable prices. 786', Harrison St., ur. Fourth.
NEW I ROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all. female troubles.no matter
from what cause: restores always in^n- day;
cm be sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
teed. DR. TOPPER and MRS. Hits. NAIL. Private
home In confinement. 318 Kearny st. f
TIMSUK TABLETS I.MI-.KA-"! YOUR
weight 3 to 5 pounds a month: cures indiges-
, tion and constipation: 81 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TEIi, 1170 Market st., San Francisco.
its. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP 1
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
j regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
j home for patients; best skill; medical attend-
nee: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market st.
A HOME. A FHIENO AND MOTHER'S CARE.-
A MRS. DR. FUN 1416 Kightk st.,Alameda.
ADIES— CHICH ESTER'S ENG LISH PEN-
J ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take 110 other; send 4c. stamps for
I particulars, '-Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
! mail; at druggists ' Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
DR. J. 11. JOS->ELYN, THE GREAT SPE-
XJ cialist, still oners his valuable services to the
1 unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
! by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
: disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
i treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been,
1 strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure con rol. His female monthly remedies are
! sure and safe In their effects. His tried and valu-
| nble remedies iurlost manhood are never failing in
; their action and warranted lor both young and old.
I He excels all others In the cure of private diseases.
1 Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
; ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all lei/-
ters to box 2275.
jT A D I S. CO U LT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT."
j -I- 216 Lowell st.; only q;ur.lined specialist: $500
• for case I fail to cure; diseasesof the eye treated.
I~\ BLESSING TO LATHE'S" SUFFERING
- »- from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
] their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
• effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times;- Lome in confinement. Woman's I>i§-
' psnsary. 14 McAllister st-, next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. DR. „ MRS. DAVlS' French regu-
lating pills. $2 50.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
; rin-'nie M French pills guaranteed: consult free.
j MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post St., near Lai Kin.
i A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
I _-. ladies troubled with irreju arities: no danger;
; safe and sure; 92 50 expres* C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. . OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat.
I R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
-iy; j oiips. Diseases of women and children.
"I ADIES - DA DIETS F~EMA__T"r_GUL.\
J-i ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'3 dregstoro, 14 Ellis su,
formerly cor. Market and Third sta.. sole acents.
A SURE CUKE ALL FEMALE BIS*
eases, from whatever cause; a home In coa-
finetcent with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. •.'•_tf Turk st.
\.RS. DR. WEi.ENKK: PRIVATE HOME IX
I "I confinement; irregularities cared in a few
j r.ours without operation; pills $-'. 419 Eddy st.
1 F IRREGULAR ANY FEMALE DISEASB
■L see Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and be content. 254 V *t'a.
_________________
CPaNIHH,FKKNUH,ORRM AN; MODERATE.
» Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell
BOOKKEEPING - SCHOOL; QUALIFYING
pupils to till positions; 6 weeks. 5 Stockton
si., room 2.
\*OKE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 <;eary St.
JOSEPH UREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
j O Ninth st.
___________
j A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
■**- lege: individual instruction; -1 mouths' course;
<«ay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
;\|RS. MELVJLLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
«1 Sntter; teacher vocal music (Italian method),
piano; elocntion; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OP
violin, gult<\r, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
lUTAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons : gS ran.' M Alt Y ESTH A s. 39 Fifth.
HAN JO, PIANO AND GUITAR, PER LES-
son: music furnished. 125 Tenth st.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATES
-i or class: moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Lark in.
ELOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI."
cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE • HOF_"
! SCHROEDM;. -99 Hyde st.: call after 1 p. m.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEp"
- ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehl's College 72S Market.
OELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
XJ I'rivate theatricals arranged: pu oils rchenrtmt
onstage. R. r. :i.,,l 12. 1.0.0.F. block. 7th widMkU
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING. MR-'
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay ;_estab. 04. VAN DEE N AILLEN. 72SMk*'
IJEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST
XI Bookkeeping, bßsiness j-nictice. shorthand
electrical taught. n , telegraphy moderi
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue
,V IGHTSCHOOL;UKALL>SJit S.CwIZS.E -1
1> Post commercial, shorthand. English: low mr a
TTIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO- REA.
V ; -unable.,. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045 V, Val^.t
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNLS U-"
V ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell »ta.FFSraWWI rHANTE>.
& 525 . .ena^fSi , 2. ROCii ? Y BAB:
barrerwhf.Jli I L" barr * Is beer weekly; hali-
?_i™m li - ? moat *>' ions lease; cheap rent-
bargain; Investigate. REISER _ TASSET, 5 4t'V
S 1 251 » t-'K-^TRALLY LOCATED OKO- j
- and bar; fine cash trade: tall !
I.d fine t.«uw s: lut-s always oeen a bonknza:
-^ TAU_T.%°_^ r t_ ; «g On ' t ""» thlS - REIaER
SSOOoT^ ? UY A WELL-STOCKED
R t g i '^•?''- &n ' 1 »>akery store; rent $10.
ISSEf, o Fourth st.
\ "JrJvm^TV" <k;.!. YOUR ■ BUSINESS
•-^ promptly for cash. HEALY _ CO., 23 Kearny
8500 H . IA( Ks - M! ni iN< * &nd hobsb:
nritttn * , shoein e business: near the city; no op-
■ .c.-ur.ne $150 per month; own, build-
c^tl'a mam « Oh purchaser until trade is se-
ll FaLyl en r ot s ?- ns for .elUng. Apply W.F.
■UE.A-.1 _: (^o. t « Kearny st. .
8500 STAT [ONfcBY, SOHOOLBOOKS,
-, J y »w aU /' i 3as , exclUsive trade of scnoolnear
store, rooms: full value. IIKALY, _3 Ke.<rny st.
B*^so PA * tTNE R WANTED-Al CASH
b P s , ln^». clearing to each ?75 per
lonth: no night or Sunday work: must devote 8
bcurs each day to business. BEALY t BB Kearny.
B^so io°r« T ?~ l -" ASH TRADE: S_ 50 TO
r^cTT S3 50 ay i ro:;:; fine hor>e and wa«on-
pasl'y managea, .-TAN i.EV. 2114, TbirJ st.
\V A> 1 Kl> - A - l-M BKK OF VARIOUS KINDS
, ?' area, for
tju\ck. sales. STAS . : st . ■ >era ' lor
8100 Bl . lAX J-*H BAKERY: GREAT bar.
\\ ■,'■ R 1" : »>°tn.-ss cause of selling. ? TAX :
■ -li 2 I i,ir
S 1 .")( ) f. TA TIOXERY, CANDY AND NO-
v x ' 71 '- tion store; stock worth «20( l : splendid
li?rd e t f ° r Small investmem - STANLEY, 2I^_
81 50 !GHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
X A r- v ,? ars: easily manasfd; good livin,;
?nV ab ,l! .H_ ladies or »>»a and wife. STANLEY,
-Hi lhlrd st.
81 000 RESTAURANT AND LUNCH-
fV.T m* house: best location; steadv run of
trade: will excnanjje for real estate. 6TENBEBU
CO.. 632 Market st.
< i i'l H CORN KB SALOON. WITH CIGAR-
Ki\J*J\J. store: magnificently fitted up: hand-
eome clubroom ; old-established: popular place;
receipts average s_o dally; satisfactory reasons
for selling. > i ENBEBG _ CO.. 632 Market st.
<>)( li ), PARTNER IN PLUMBING AND
'- *"VfV7". Easbtting business: full line steel and
cas^iron ranges, laundry stoves and broilers: jn-
ToTce*6oi;o; established 20 years. STENBEKG
___!!__:. Mari^gt st., opposite Palace Hotel.
PARTNER WANTED— WHOLESALE. RE-
J- tail fish and oyster business: located in most
popular and well-known market in city: lar^e
first-ctasa trade: established 30 years." ST£N-
BERG _ CO., 632 Market st.
QI7A BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS;
'_ — !«/. near2 schools; 3 livlne-rooms; low rent:
Al trade: great bargain. STENBEKG.632 Markeu
< {" | | CORNER SALOON ; HANDSOME
*-^ I * JU ' place; superb bar fixtures; fine paint-
l"<s, cash register, safe. e:c : positively more than
value in sight: :.vestigatou afforded. , SItX-
BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
XT OTICE— DONM~MISS THESE BARGAINS:
— ' Saloon: pays well: exeat bargain ; §275.
Cigar store; 3 furnished rooms: *25a
I Restaurant, nr. Market; clears $150 month: $450.
Corner saloon, city front: worth $1000: $750.
Branch bakery: 3 rooms: make offer; .$175.
Fruit store; 3 rooms: clears $75 month; $ (78,
Liquor store: transfer corner: bargain; $1600.
Corner saloon and restaurant: cheap; $600.
To buy or sell see STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third St.
QTXA CORNER GROCERY AND _A~R
'- • <J\J. with living-rooms; rood bar trade: cash
custom; low rtnt; ia very best location: rare
chance. Particulars 53 3California St., Phoenix bar.
< 1 1A A FIRST -CLASS SAMPLE ROOM,
O XX\J\J . with large patronage; near Examiner
office; owner 30 years in business; wants to retire:
rare chance. Call 533 California si-, Phoenix bar.
»< 1 *7C BRANCH BAKERY; 4 FINELY
<_)■*■ iO. furnished rr-cas; receipts 54 to £*5 a
day; rent $14. BARRETT _ SKIFr, 921 Market.
I "OR RENT OK SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
IC^fleral jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-bouse, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the : op has been
ran for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easv. For
f'irther particulars inquire of ALEXANDER
WaT<on, Gilroy. Cal. . .
F-THE WHOLE OB HALF INTER-
est in a first-ciass saloon: centrally located; en-'
joying ffood patronaie; object in - ling half to get
a partner undersranrtin? the business: no others
need apply. Address W. 8., box 39, Call. .
T," 1 OB SALE OR T BADE FOITRANCH— LIVELY
X groc ry business in San Jose. Address Trade,
San Jose. Cal.
Q^XIoo N.~wTTfT>TXTUR_S AND STOCK,
O for sale very cheat) on account Of having an-
other place. Apply 420\_Hxth at.
8.. SALE: STANDS IN*
-L> vesngation: owner to leave for Europe by
April 15. 2-01 Mason, corner Chestnut.
Q O X A lTTdgTng*- HOUSE: FIVE FUB-
("- ~'-f' ' J ' nished rooras anl basement, all rented:
j ronr 525 a month: reason o' sale immediate de-
L__£_ CalJ Sl9 Stocfeton.
<".(v<, t-'t>KN_R~UQCOR STORE; CASH
«i«n: re "is:er, safe, fixtures, stock: value
_-R- re«on of sale immediate departure. Call
bi9 Mockton. •. '
Ql " < j THIRD. LAST AND LOWEST OFFER
•.»••''.■ quit the "Old News Stand." I_9 Sev-
enth su: candies, cigars, notions; living-rooms;
cow or never.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
*J capital wanted. 105 Stockton su, room 22.
LADY, IN GOOD PAYING - i NESS,
would like partner. 202ijT st.
I 'OR SALE— S.A L(J'>N AND LUDGING-HuLaE
of 8 rooms. 657 Mission st.
ood paying business for A young
man. FRa:>K C. McCANN. 122 Market st.
QQnn kestal-rant anTTbakery for
O'JVJV/. sale; owner has other business. 917
Mission st.
GOOD CHANCE FOR MAN AND WIFE
among the factories tor lunchhonse; well-Day-
ing saloon. Inquire at National Brewing Company.
PLANT; JUST THE PLACE FOR
J t man and wife: -'.I established: receipts
daily $UO to $25; full Investigation allowed for one
we»k; rent only £25. paid np until the 10th of
April 1 513 1 2 Jones St.. near Geary.
Q9HH RESTAURANT; OWNER GOING
O— *'U. East; must sell: goo i location and busi-
ness; cheap rent. Address 1.. box 81. this OtHce.
<"">(» CORNER SALOON ON LA KIN ST.;
'_ ' O\J. doing good business: 'le^antly fur-
nished: low rent: actn»l value $2000. Call 533
California St., Phoenix Bar. j
i^OR SA LE— COALYARD. Horses, WAGONS,
etc; rood trade; living-rooms; long lease. Ap-
ply this office. ,
»- i \(\f\ PART CASH— half interest
. OxjyJyJ. in proprietary patent to extend busi-
ness: United States and English patents; large
sales: immense profits; no competition; liberal
s«!ary to active partner. Address W., box 52, this
ofliee. j-..
B" ABOA I N — DISCOUNTS ANY OTHER;
restaurant for sale: come quick. 112 Third st.
|A SAMPLE-ROOM ON MARKET ST^
•^-r''U. close to Baldwin Hotel: rent $60: four
years' lease : to be sacrificed : owner going Eesu
Call 533 California St., Phoenix bar.
PARTNER WANTED FOR AMERICAN
X Transfer Company, SE. cor. Twentieth and
Mission sts.
QOO' SALOON; CHEAP; GOOD STOCK
rs_-_-»J. and fixtures: in good location: owner
cilng East. Call at tne place, 1934 Fillmore st.,
on te Carlo saloon. ■
Q. I ' AAA THE LARGEST AND BEST-
• 1 'J.\J*J\J. paying beer grotto and restaurant;
cream of trade: monthly profits of $1000 guaran-
teed: books open for inspection. Address S. G.,
WILKE, 1148dutterst.
"5 y- (\ PAYING DOWNTOWN SALOON;
t_5 # -*ov/. location unsurpassed : day business:
owner compelled to leave city. Particular* 506
■ c.y st. '
}~*on SALE OB EXCHANGE— *• INK RESTaU-
rant and bakery; living-rooms. Address. C,
box 4a, this office. ■
'"_ 1 f\ A LOON ;CHE A P; IN A GOoD LO-
- I t)U. cation; person going out of buslnes
Inquire 1169 Mission St., npstairs. "■.■:.■
TCE-CREAM, CANDY AND SODA WATER
-L business for sale; nice cash trade; must sell;
>avin? 'or Kiiron". 261 Third st. '
L UK KE.M— I ( H.M-HED HOTEL IN GOOD
r country town. I. N. PATTISON, ft Montgoai-
«*rv «tt. " • '"-"--' . .
_. i - i , KE-i'AUHANTON WATERFRONT:
>X 1 tH/« good trade; owner going away. Ad-
dress J. I)., box 151. this 01tH., . _ _________
I>'UTCHjSB-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP; OWN-
-13 er going to Eurooe. 524 Valencia st.
.-•-,! BEST RESTAURANT IN CITY;
0—O" • good reasons for selling. This oflice.
C<IRBT-CLAB« BU^rcllEß-SHOP FOR SALE.
V A pply Call Office. _________
i -OK SALE-SALOON: OLD STAND, 2862
x Mission at.; call from 12 to 1.
PESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION; OLD-
-1 t established place. . Call 51 Second st., upstairs.
"PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH
1 Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply thin omce. principals only. '
IV ANTED-TEN ANT FOB iiii: McMAHON
»> House in Hoi lister: very favorable lease to
right party: furnitare, carpets a " d / 1 r -T l tn . re < ?. I s t l
price. Apply to THOMAS MtMAUO>, 6J_ Mar-
ket «U - . ■- ■ ■''-'■■ ■■--■■-
"rpo a K ERS- WANTED PARTNER
I in old-established shop in this city: flrst-cUss
woodworker preferred. Address _. O. li., box 110.
Call. ■■:.■■•■■-■■-■- .
TURKISH BATHHOUSE -/OR SALfc .- OR
1 lease to right parties: a fine Turkish bath plant
situated in the lfeart of the city of Spokane ■ the
onlyhooseof the kind in the cttv; the same now
doing a line business with bright^, Prospect s._ For
particular'! address A. A. BRACKA, 307 Hyde
block, Spokane* Wash. ■■ ■
I>O-:A RESTAURANT; WELL : ESTAB- ,
OOOU. lisbw!: »00l steady trade: *£*£*}?*
in good running order; -"re._targal»__: i -» >miu.
jiOArt CIGAR-STORE; GOtiib LOCATION;
Q_:UU. bargain. Inquire 131 .Mont-omer?- ave.
FINK HOTEL FOK RENT CHEAP: 12 -UN-
_ nyslde, City.: Apply U. H. U-IBSh-N <fc CO.,
14 -lontgomerjr st. I
BUSINESS V HA rKS ~. nt! ?
C?99^ CIGAR-STORE FOR SAIE AT A !
O— — O. bargain. E. J. HEGARTY, 830 Mar- ;
! ket st. ... . ..-  .- •--..,..
i >i9^A SALOON; CHEAP: GOOD STOCK i
•„ — «>V. and fixtures; good location. HEGARTY,
860 MarKet st.
* i.KN ■'. WAITED FOR" GOOD SELLER!
| -.1- HEGARTY, 850 -Market St., room 10
! CMALL FIRST-CLASs DAY SALOON; GOOD.
. ►•- reasons for sale. Inquire fruitstore, Bush and ;
I Dupont sta.; call 10 to 12, 3 to 4 p. m.
. yOU SALE CHEAP; FIRST-CLASS SALOON; !
x fine cash register, safe and rooms; must be sold.
j this week: cause sickness. Call 209 Ellis sU
1/<OR SALE— MY RESTAURANT: I HAVE j
x other business. 1416 Howard or 2831 Sixteenth.
"L^OR CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
-1 with 6 livine-rooms upstairs; rent cheap; good :
trade. Apply at 201-203 Market st.
I I OPLENDID BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR
! 0 alive man; grocery and bar for sale, cheap: 9
■ living-rooms; rent only $20: good reasons. Apply {
j this omce; principals only. ■ ■ I
QftnO. DOWNTOWN SALOON: GOOD LO-
yUv/U. cation; day business. Call Office.
! Q9AA SALOON and LUNCHHOUSE. 1N-
; <?~yJy'. quire 49 Stevenson st. -
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— CORNER SA- !
X 1 loon; established for years; finely fitted up and :
carrying large stock and least-: cheap rent; good j
j location; near Market; 110 agents. Address S. H.,
box 6, Call Office.
IJUTCHER-SHOP: CHEAP: ON ACCOUNT I
J-> of«icicnesB. 1806 Howard st.
ji LOUGING-HOUSKS FOK SALE.
Q-10.A. BARGAIN: 12 ROOMS; HOUSE
W^W- finely" furnished; central- location;
clearing $40 month; rent «4U BARRETT _
SKIFF, 921 Market st. ■ _^
ifIjOXAA 40-ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING $150
*?'jO\t\.'. to $200 per month : low rent; every-
thing: complete for hotel: bargain seldom met with;
investigate. BARRETT _ SKI 921 Market st.
91 ROOMS ON EDDY STREET, ONLY.. 600
— 19 rooms on Sinter street payments.... 1000 j
16 rooms on Taylor street 750 '
! 41 rooms on Market st 2500 j
| 12 rooms new and good on Mission 600 |
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opposite Fifth st.
Q99X 10-ROOM HOUSE ON SIXTH ST.
C—— O. DECKER, 10-0 Market st.
NOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE
■_> from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third St.
W ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 57-ROOM i.odg-
** ing house: good location. 613 Mission st.
L OR SALE— CORNER ROOMING-HOUSE ON
X 1 Sutter St., nr. Jones: 30 rooms, etc.: partly filled
and will pay big results. O'FARRELL & CO.
OOMING-HOUSE: 30 ROOMS; CHEAP FOR
XI cash: good paying house, N. of Market st. Am-
ply 110 Sixth st. _^^
ROOMING-HOUSE: 22 ROOMS: CHEAP FOR j
cash; no exchange; clears $126 month: can be j
investigated; no agents. L. H., box 8, Call Office. |
BARGAIN rssbO: 26 NICELY FURNISHED I
XJ rooms: fine location on Market st.; departure, i
Apply Call. j
| _> A O FOURTH— NEW HOUSE ; WELL LIGHT-
' «JV/«.J ed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
• MARTINI. 317 Washington st. . ■
I li .N 1 1 feUS FOK >ALt.
HGT-irA^KTrToiKNTTITR^^A^^D^B-D^ ;
♦ ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad- i
ders, 'Me per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission, j
T^liTniture OF HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS FOR '
r sale. 913 Howard st.
"T7IIRE SALE !
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
• posed of.
i Oak bed sets $18 50
' Bed lounges % 8 00 '
I Stoves , 7 50 ■
; Carpets, peryard.. 55
Linoleum, per yard 55 :
' Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will :
i stand. Till such time we are conducting business '
at BE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
i NOON AN.
! _AA CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14; |
"IUU stoves. 55; parlor sets, 820: folding-beds, i
I $10; bed-:ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th. !
ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW....... $75 ;
*— " Bed lounges trimmed with plush $5 50 !
Brussels Carpet, laid .' 45c up
j Eneltsh Linoleum, laid .....40c up ',
, Window shades in s colors 25c up j
: SHIKLK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
| Grant avenue: no branch sores.
C_K_JJK_" tLtAM.Nti.
/ l BEAT WESTKIISTs^fE^A^^A^I^f^BEXT^
\J ing works: latest improved machinery : 3c yard.
| G. GEORGE.oince 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
CTARPETS~CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE- I
VJ laid. 5c per yard. 8. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL fcouth 250.
pARFEia CLEANED AND RENOVATED
V/ like new. FERGUSON* _ CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. 240
. . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
{ T McQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
! tl . ' ovatlna: works. 453 bievenson: Ml. south 228.
! XT ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RKXO-
-1 i> vatin? Works HAMPTON&BAILLY: layia?
sni! altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission .44.
\\THEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to HP A ULDING'3 PioneerCAf-
jret Beatinr Works. 853-7 Tehama: let So-40.
( 'ONKLIN-S CARPET BEATING WORK- SU
' J «;old»n Gate «v«». : telephone east 126.
•**; HOKsES.
L^C_^TA^ET^~V__iIB^Lin S^6~HANDS : i
gentle, and a good roadster. Apply 17 Uoff \
ave., near Sixteenth and Mission streets.
T^OR SALE— HORSE AND BUGGY; CHEAP.
£ Apply F.. Call Branch, Sixteenth and Mission.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
-L change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary end Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
ALE OR EXCHANGE— YOUNG. GENTLE
mare, with good business buggy; harness. 42
McAllister st. : ■
HORDES PASTURED: SEND CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
land feed year round. G.W. LUCY. 318 Market st.
S UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
1 rrt SETS NEW A-ND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wacons. 1128 Mission st.
R. CH. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY B UR-
teon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave.: telephone south 401.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOOX4
_U boggie*, cart*, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We^ae*-
Cay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"1 AA SET3 SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIi i
IUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
»iso 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia %'.%. |
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
-_ V^'EEKLY CALL, in rapper, for mailing.
WAUU.Ni A>l> CAiiiUAUES.
FOR SALE— PONY-CART AND HARNESS;
suitable lor a boy.- Apply 1718 Fillmore st.
FOR SALE-A 6-SEATED EXTENSION-TOP
roefcaway. as good as new: cost 8650: will be
sold cheap. ' Also top pole buggy: cost $300; will
be sold for $100. Apply, forenoon. NE.- cor.
Broadway and Gough; entrance staole on Gough.
/ 'OOD LIGHT DELIVERY WAGONS'; A BAR-
'T gain. 1110 Bryant «it.. nr. Ninth.
FOK SALE- MISCEJL.X'A>_.OUS.
IC YCLE ALAIOS'F^NEW, 'y5 FOWLER:
strongest and best wheel made: perfect condi-
tion; only $60. Apply Cash, box 100, Call Office.
11AR OUTFIT, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTE'RS^
XJ scales, etc.: cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
T SOS, BEDSTEAD. BUREAU AND WASH
JU stand, cheap. 326 McAllister st.
\\r ILSHIRE SAFE. COST $85, FOR $35. 328
>T McAlltiter. m
ICQ?; HIGH GRADE $105 PNEUMATIC
IP JO;safety for $35. 328 McAllister st.
OK bALE CHEAP: BUSINESS BUGGY; j
almost new. " 220 Thirteenth st., nr. Howard, i
TMPROVKD RELIABLE INCUBATOR: 200 {
J eges; thoroughly tested : almost new. 1324 Pine. j
r* OOD DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE, WITH ]
'JT all attachments, for sale reasonable at 818 -
Treat ave. •
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
L bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc-,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: - free delivery city. Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: ' phone red 391.
UTLDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
Y) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
LACKS i ITH - SHOP OUTFIT. FORGE I
steam pump, boiler—engine; cheap- 616 Mission
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND KAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you ritrht. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
OOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
L> KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth su » . :.:
NE t_ALL MEDIUM AND JLAROE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 3 09, 111 Market at. |
rpiKE AND BURGLAR saFk; letter- I
X* press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay. |
XTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND- j
j\ hand. --: W. H. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California su
7i O UNTJJ KS, SHELVING. ; SHOWCASES j
\'J bought and «old . 1121^ Market beL 7th andUca
: OFFICES TO LET. '-.',''
pltE^K__S~_UlLl)Lv7rT9^7^l^RKTcT^
Elegant sunny offices: low rent; electric-light;
heating and ianitor service free. i Apply at build- j
ing or G. H. UMHSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery at.
LEGANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
Jy rooms at 830 Market St.. corner Stockton. |
: stables ;V to let. ''.■■"
T^B—E^OR STALLS TO LET—COVERED
yard. 816 rr___Un iu -■_-./. "-' ,- -
-. .-. . ■ ■■■ - . : . ' ' • «
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
■'■ HOUSES TO LET.
Jj|4 polsok— H«ijBß i ßookaV'fni
H"^USE 10 BOOMS AND BARN; VERY
' cheap. Apply NICOL. 534^ California -t.
\ PPRECIATED IF SEEN: SSSVfc StTTTBB J
-CA- St., nr. Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN: NEW, CHOICE,
-"» sunny, 4 big rooms, bath. $18; water free. Ap- j
ply 1722 Howard st., near Thirteenth. j
fJA(i FELL-7 "rooms; BATH;SUNNY YARD; i
yjyJO rent reduced. ' ■-■' !
1 IAT HOWARD, NR. 7TH— S NICE ROOMS.
Xlv I bath, patent ivaterclosat: sunny yard ; $18.
OCS.E OF 6 ROOMS: BATH aND YARD;
rent $15. 147 Valencia st. - I
BABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN _
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
FUKXIS UED HOISES.
EL. PARLOR FLOOR, FURN. OR UNFURN.:
-j adults or doctor: flat 4 rooms: refs. 203 Taylor.
COITAGM TO LET.
Q'TO $30— NICE~CLEAN~COTTAGES AND
O'-'Mats: good tenants wanted. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market st. ■
■ c; 1 1 ■ NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4 j
CD J- -L . rooms. Point Lottos ave. and Collins st.
pOTTAGE-5 ROOMS; BATH AND BASE-
V mem. 311 Twenty-first st, . ': " ' ■ ■
UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6 i
t~ large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores. j
fLATS i*> __'!.
597 "BUNNY* FLAT; 6 ROOMS, |
"<2)_i I ,«JU. bath, laundry, basement, yard: near j
panhandle of Park; 1 month's rent allowed to
suitable tenant. MADISON _ BURKE.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 6 ROOMS
and bath; latest improvements; $20. 511
Greenwich. ' ' '
XTPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 545
1 Tnrkst. -..-■■
aiQ AND $14—1124 AND 1110 81 EVEN
'^JLO.son, near Herman: nice flats; cheap rent
17IRST FLOOR— ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
' unfinished basement; $16: clean and in gooa
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth st.
£»(' AND $7 — 3 ROOMS EACH; WATER;
D yards separate; Elm ave, 1512 G. G. ave.
QIOOAK Sl'. — ELEGANT NEW. FLATS:
•' I — rent reduced; 26 and $28; 7 and 8 rooms.
V RAUSCH ST.. NR. HOWARD— NICE FLAT
0 o' 3qr 5 rooms: large yard ; cheap rent.
Ur PERRY, NEAR - THIRD— BAY-WIN-
i dow middle flat, 5 large sunny rooms: bath.
r BOWIE AVE.-BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3
0 rooms: cheap rent.
FURNISHED FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; RENT
cheap, or for sale. 820 Howard. '
1 Pvl Ql ELLIS -UPPER FLAT,. 5 ROOMS;
J.U102 latest improvements; rent low; good j
tenant. ' : |
(_Q 3 ROOM-FLAT IN GOOD ORDER. 1623
is)O. ' Eddy st. ■ -
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH; FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden; $16. 1706 Post st. -
"VEW FLAT, 5 KOOMS AND BATH, WATER
■IN free, $12. 529 Ivy ave. ;
0 FLATS: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: 812 AND 812^_
— Jessie nr. Ninth: $12 and 814: key at grocery.
0A.7--09 WEBSTER— SUNNY FLATS OF 6
_.UI and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rent
recso nable. • ' :■ •>
C'OA FINE UPPER FLAT 8 ROOMS AND
— U. bath. 1029 Valencia, near Twenty-first.
<_-!/■• UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS. 106 MORRIS
•_ 1 O. ave., near Sixth and Bryant sts. ■■'■'
I'd EDDY— NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT;
_U_l 6 rooms; latest Improvements: basement.
BEAUTIFUL FLAT — 5 LARGE SUNNY
rooms, bath and laundry. 1516V_ Mission St..
near Eleventh. - ■
\TEW SUNNY FLAT-, d ROOMS AND BATH;
_-> was $20, now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HO VEY. 508 California st.
V hu, MODERN, SUN-NY, UPPER, CORNER \
-_> flat; 6 rooms: bath; stable. .123- Eighteenth.
0 ELEGANT NEW FLATS: 6 AND 7
— - rooms; all mod rn: sun In every room; on elec-
tric line; the best location in tb,e Mission. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom. " •
ELEGANT FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest Improvements. 713V Grove st.
_*}'-* 'fk ELEGANT SUNNY MODERN \
£)~O.iJ\J. flat opp. Jefferson square; 5 rooms,
bath. 925 Golden Gate ave. , .
Y>)9 HAYES, COR. BUCHANAN V 2 FLATS
U"±— of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc
OZY FLATS: SUNNY. NICE LOCATION;
V- 4 and 5 rooms: bath ; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
osr DESIRABLE FLAT of 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st.; rent $30. MADISON _ BURKE,
agents.'
ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery at-_ / ... . - - ■
LEU ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 room*, bath; $8 to $16.
UOLSEKKEPISIi KOOMS.
Eddy Place.
POO EDDY— LARGE sUNNY ROOMS, RT?IT-
UO- able for housekeeping, if desired; rent rea-
sonable. _^ "
Eighth Street.
m EIGHTH — 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
housekeeping rooms; references. •
Fifth Street.
! QQO FIFTH— 2 ROOMS -FURNISHED FOR J
O— — housekeeping; $9; also single. ■ i
A(\X FIFTH - FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
'±\JO housekeeping. . :■ ■■
Folsom.Street. »
Q1 A FOLSOM — SUN NT FRONT AND
OIU kitchen: furnished complete; no children.
Fulton Street. .
i (\O FULTON— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
IUO housekeeping; gas, etc.; reasonable. .
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN, NR. VALENCIA-2 LARGE
_ «J rooms, with use of kitchen; nicely furnished.
bo ward Street.
An HOWARD-LARGE SUNNY FURNISH-
] I "i— ed housekeeping rooms; $9 a month; single
rooms, $1 a week.
Larkin Street.
QQ£ LARKIN — 3 CONNECTING ROOMS,
O— O furnished complete for housekeeping; bath.
AQQ LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
:"d — suites: single: running water; bath; gas.
Leavenworth street.
0 A 1 LEAVEN WORTH — FURNISHED
__U_ rooms for houaekeepiug. . .
- Minna Street. ••
ml MINNA— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
% ing suite, $2 25 week; bay-window room,
$2 25. . ___^
3li»S!on Street.
Q/^1 MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
fJDI also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
1 fk'M MISSION-SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
_U_c_ rooms, furnished or uefurnished; single !
rooms. ■
"1 "I 9- MISSION— 3 CONNECTING- ROOMS
1 —•) with porch; complete for housekeeping;
$15; others. .'■.-■■ -
-1 A'- MISSION— FRONT DOUBLE PAR-
x.\jO*J lord complete; housekeeping floor. above
stairs. . •■■:-•.'-' ■ ..
New Montgomery Street.
1 ft' NEW MONTGOMERY, NEAR MISSION;
xXjO large house; "furnished housekeeping
rooms of 2, at $150 per week and upward ; also
single rooms 15 cents per night and upward.
Ninth Street.
9"I NINTH - BAY-WINDOW SUITE . FUR-
_J. nisbed ; for light housekeeping; also other '
rooms. .
1 9£! NINTH— ROOMS AND ■ HOUSEKEEP-
■I-D2 ing rooms with bath, from 76c per week up.
Scott Street.
m SCOTT— 2 LARGE. SUNNY ROOMS : FOR
'HO housekeeping; partly furnianed. \
(sixth Street. i . ■
91 pi SIXTH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
_ 1 ')•£ rooms with kitchen; rent reasonable.
: Sixteenth Street. : ■'
QAOp SIXTEENTH — SUNNY k FRONT
O\J£\j rooms furnished for honsekeeplng; 10.
Bhotwell Street.
9-1 7 SHOTWELL — 2, 3, 4 FURNISHED I
-I rooms complete for housekeeping; gas and ]
bath. ." ■ •■--.'■ -■-:■ >. : -■-■ ' '■ •-'■• ■■ '.-■■ '■ - •■■ ■-.<-:- !
Stevenson Street.
n\ cy STEVENSON, BET. SEVFNTH AND i
Ot_- Eighth— Furnished sunny front room for 1 ;
or 2; light housekeeping if desired; bath; central. [
' y" Stockton v Street.; ■
1 Q9fl STOCKTON— 2 NICE SUNNY HOUSE- j
_LO— \J keeping rooms, complete, cheap: single. |
• ; Twelfth Street.
1 A Z>. TWELFTH, , COR. HOWARD—
X—c) furnished rooms for housekeeping.
, - 'lurk Street.
Q/l' TURK— FRONT AI/JOVE ROOM, NICE- ]
Q\JO ly furnished, with kitchen, bath, gas. ; j
Vallejo Street. ;
TTNFURNISHED "r LARGE -'. SUNNY BAY-
U window room, grate: also double side room,
furnished, bath, housekeeping, if desired. : 1301 |
Vailejo, corner of Hyde. n'>-.: ' v . ,
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Confirmed.
Van >ess Avenue. .;'.*-'
1091 VAN NESS AVE.-NICELY ; FUR-
J-"*--L nished room: raßßtat water; grate.'
KOOlls TO Lfl.
Anthony Street.
8 ANThONY, OFF MISSION, NR \ SECOND—
Furnished rooms $1 and 75c per week. •_-
Bash Street. .
797 BUSH-SUNNY ROOMS, en SUITE AND
I — i single; light housekeeping. .
i inly Street. •
II Q EDDY— FURNITURE; CLEAN
" XJLO beds; sunny rooms; $5 up; front, $8.
■ 1 iKinli Street. 1
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
THE BAMONA. 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
) i cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house: l containing 150 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, . hot- and cold rnnnlnjr . water in each
> room; elevator and tire escapes; situate conven-
ient to the business center of the city, principal
hotels and • theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door. - - . ■
/^O€) ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY, ROOM. ~
:>l I Street.
9/£ FELL ST., NR. MARKET— FINE, LARGE
— "i sunny rooms; nicely furnished: prices to suit
the times. •
Jr'oKom Street.
Q9ft FOLSOM — FURNISHED SINGLE OR
O— \J double rooms from $1 a week.
Geary Street.
'1 Q GEABY — ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE;
bedroom parlor;lst floor; also sultes&single.
1 1 ft 1 GEARY. COR. VAN NESS AVE.. THE
-i-Lv/J Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast if desired.
Ooluen Gate Avenue.
9Q GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT Air
«-!.— .0 cove suite.
Haight Street. '
99 HAIOHT-2 SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS;
— — gas: bath. -
■ Hickory Avenue
"I 90 HICKORY AVE. — LARGE SUNNY
-L^O front room, suitable for 2: reasonable. ,
Howard Street. >' ,
1 1 9QI HOWARD— A NICE SINGLE ROOM
JL-LZO2 for $5; bath. V
1 HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED
J- — O I front suite or single: no children.
" Ivy. Avenue.
QAQ IVYAVE.-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
ij\Ju for 1 lady; stove and running water; $5. :
Jackson Street. "
1 AA9 JACKSON, NEAR POWELL—
A-\J\JZt front rooms; $5 month each.
Jessie Street.
VqX JESSIE, NR. MINT-PRIVATE FAM-
trOc/ lly; a sunny single room; rent $5.
Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U • management; - elegant snnny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
A "I p. JONES— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
1 1') single and en suite; terms reasonable.
Kearny Street. •
A KLINGTON HOUSE. 127 K EARN T-PLEA9-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first dasa
in every respect; terms reasonable. • ■
Liingtnn Street.
A C LANGTON- SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
ttc) let; private family; suitable for 2.
Lark in Street.
THE CRAIGBOURN. COR. LARKIN AND
' i- Post — Elegantly furnished sunny suite; also
single rooms. . : ■ . ■'
. '.. . Lily Avenue..
"I OA LILY A VK.- SUNNY FRONT ROOM
1 O-± furnished for lady.
Alarknt Street.
"\^OSEMITE' HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and 'beventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $5: families, ""■ r
McAllister Street.
99£>A MCALLISTER- NICELY FURNISHED
-i— U rooms; private family; $10 and $16.
31 Inn a street. ■ ' -■ : -
97 MINNA— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
0 I room to let, double or single; rent reasonable.
Mission -Street. . .".
17 C*O MISSION— 2 NICEFURNISHKDROOMS;
lUO $5 and $7 a month. .' K--i'"X-
Q] X MISSION— WELL FURNISHED LAROE
Ol front room; suitable for business.
Q9~XI ~M I lON ST.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
:/-.*)■> nishtd sunny bay-window front room; sec-
ond floor.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Ninth Street.
"I 1 Q NINTH-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW RMS.;
! J-JL cheap: lower flat.
O'Aarreil Street. ..
ZOGI O'FABRELL — FURNISHED ROOM
.U2 for 1 or 2 persons; rent reasonable. .
■ line Street. "
£9T PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN, $6
yJ^iX up; gas, running water; quiet. '
Second Street.
"9 SECOND-DOUBLE ROOMS, $1 50 TO $3;
O^i single, $1 to $1 50; 25c to $1 per day; hkpg.
' Stockton Street.
AAO STOCKTON — SUN NY FURNISHED
"i ' '— rooms, $8 and $10 a month. -
' Taylor : Street.
OK TAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
00 to let; for gents only.
1 99 TAYLOR-^ FURNISHED SUN-
-1 — — ny rooms. ;
in in I Stree;,.
TirrNCHESTF.R HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
IT Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; .*1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r m : tree bus.
Turk. Street..
OQQ TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
000 rooms; suites or single or housekeeping.
CJX TURK— FURNISHED ROOM.
/. Miscellaneous.
T7IULTON HOUSE. t)PP. CITY HALL-FUR-
X nished rooms, single and suites; $8 and sl6, up.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THa
.'V -WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
: EOAt.U:M. A>l> UOOJUS. . •
HnK^A^^fE^S^^VEV^NIcIELT^FUB"-
O\JJJ nished ' sonny room : • suitable : for 1 >or : 2
young men ; with or without board. ;'. .■ -
/"•I Q GEARY — PLEASANT SUNNY BOOM;
UJ.O gooa board; private family; terms reason-
able. ' ;, •■■■^ ;">-';';/., ; .----v'".rf'^.'-.-:.-/--V: ! ;.'::
1 MISSION ST.— LARGE HANDSOME-
xO£ i x ly furnished parlors, bright and sunny:
must be seen to be appreciated; fine view; suit-
able for man and wife; board and rent $25 each. -
Q "IN ATOM A— SUNNY ROOM; SINGLE AND
Ox double: $1 op and board.
1 A.l ft OCTAVIA— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
-L'i-L" alcove suit, with board; also sing!* rooms.
1 1 (i TURK— REMODELED— NEWLY FURN-
xJLOished suites and single -.first-class table board
VfICELY FURNISHED t ROOMS- UNSUR-
i-> passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 per month. •. Hackmeler's Hotel. .
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE : CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a 'month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGE ORUENIG, Proprietor. "" ',
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL,. 123-129 EDDY ST.:
new management ; GKORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor; board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERT LING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required: all mod-
era conveniences. V :'•-" . . ,-...
V CUai)l'.E.S BOAKDKO. ;
W™irjO^~wTLlTTAkE 1 OR 2"CHILDREN
to board;, a mother's i care. '■>- Address MBS.
J. 8., box 42, Call Office. --■,":v--, •,.-■-..- -.;■»: :^h:
.WIDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
» » kind treatment ■ and '■ mother's care; $8 per
month.- MRS. RYDER, 7j4 Peralta, Oakland.
: /CHILDREN BOARDED : MOTH R'B CARE;
\J refeience: terms reasonable. 1132 Sboiwell st.
NE :OB TWO CHILDREN WANTED TO
board; girls preferred; not under 5 years of
age.; Apply this office. , , .-■ ..-:.- -.-.v. .. ,
ADY WITH HEB OWN HOME WANTS A
few children to board. Address E. M., box 49,
Call Office. ■"; -: ;••■;. •? - ;-> > ■.-: .: .-:= ■• - - ,»; ■ ■ :■--■.
..W ANTED— > CHILDREN FOR BOARDING; j
- » » i will receive . mother's care. Apply. 14 Cbatta-
nOOga st. ■■'■■': - -■■•: i .v--. ■-■■.-■■■•-■■■. ■:■■':: ■;-■.■■■ ■■- .:• ■ ~.-A..-.i
': ; ., •:/.' STOKiS TO LtT. . /;.'V/' :
TTa^keTb^y^a^gT^hiy^s^olie^a^
tlv fine offices: liberal inducements. . ■ •
A~\ d FOURTH-SMALL STORE, WITH ROOM
t;±U In rear; rent low. . Apply to G. H. IMB-
SEN& CO., 14 Montgomery si. -^ ' ,
, PIANOS.. VIOLINS. ETC.
TTPRIGHT PI A NO, NEARLY NEW, FOR
*J. sale at a bargain.: 402 Van Ness ave.
Q> Ai\ : bargain — rosewood PIANO;
■'4! jttf.mnstbe sold. 132 Dorland. nr. Church.
<C ?U\ GOOD ROSEWOOD. PI AS O FOR SALE
«2J017. on $3 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
fflj X MONTHLY INSTALLMENT S : 3 NEW
\pO beautiful first-class make uprights 'left as a
pledge at half cost piice. 418 Ellis St.. room 3z.
ELEB RATED HAINES BUSH &
\J Gerts and Knabe p anos: .being overstocked
wholesale prices will rue during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 3'.'-t i'ost St., 8. F.
ARRIVED— IX)T OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
gradeT. L. Xelimann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
Cj£»fm STEIN WAY OFFERED FOR $200
«3pUUv7 by lady obliged to part with it: imme-
diate sale necessary. Room 10 Flood building. :,
WIDOW FORCED TO RKMOVE TO NEW
»* YorK offers new Wheelock upright at the
price of transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st.
©QA PIANO: FIN ECONDI'I lON. SCHMITZ,
<pt^U. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank. :• ; -
pHANCE OF A LIFETIME TO~BT~Y AN
\J orean: we have 50 that must be closed out in
the next 30 days; cash or installments: prices
from $25 upward. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
to 20 O'Farrell st. . r ...
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
iu San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT. 1
929 Market St., Spreckels building.
ARE YOU DhSIRcJUS OF. OBTAINING A
-* »- good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., steinway repre-
sentatives lor the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
andSutterats. -.■.-.- ■ ..■-
- G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
" first floor; sole agents Hailet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
9ft (\f\(\ SHEET MUSIO 1 CT. COPY. SCAT-
Z.\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 -McAllister st.
STEINWAY. $165; WEBER, $260: SMALL
upright, $80;- bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
CIOME IN . AND HEAR THE LATEST
• novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one very aim-
pie; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it:
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market. ;
TGOOb"SQCARE, S4O; A FINE SQUARE. S9O;
-A a tine uprigh , $125. Call soon.
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market St.
A SHAW, $425; 2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195;
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up. allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
ONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
V>" great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post 8L ' •;
pHICKEKING, KNABE, BTECK.VOSE..STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187 ; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ «fc SON. 16 O'Farreli.
<gj 1 17 FL CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<u> J. 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FIBCHER A D
other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHXER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell su
ASY TERMS;LOW PRICES. K.OHLER &
CHASE.
TJYKOX/iIArZY, 308 .POST ST.— SOHMER,
-L> Newby ifc Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD <& NEW
O H. MULL Kit. maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, f265; SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, ?125; squares, $35 »nd $55.
HKIXK, 410 Post .St.
mom;y to LOAA.
TsT&2D MORTGAGES. ALSO on furniture
i-& pianos; no removal. 240 Montgomery st., r. 13.
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
QOAA (\(\[\ MODKRATE RATES OF IN-
O£\J\J.\J\jyj. teres:. Km 214. 328 Montgmy.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY. ETC
x\. Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant ave.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-^V estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
T OANSIN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
Lj Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts.
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WIT II-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing, machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy: private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.
VI ONEY LOANED ON jewelry AND
ill other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT. from US ON YOUR furniture
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office mi. 08. Donohoe build 1170 Market su
LOANS ON BEAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval lin the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
"IST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E3-
JU»teB;lowest rates; no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
®^\ftft ftftft ON- REAL ESTATE; LOWEST,
tg)UUW,UUU rates- A.SCHII.I.KK,SOB Montgy
- PAWMtKOfi£KB.
AT 126 " KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate roonm: elevator: pledges for sal I cheap. - •■ '
____________
FLNA.NtIAL.
FIIR^SALE^A^B A N K^BOOK (fF^rTnTcALr
fornla Savings and . Loan Society of . San
Francisco; small amount; satisfactory offers
wanted. Address H. P., box 49, Call Office." ■ •-.
OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
life insurance policies: low rate of Interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery »•-.. -
CMftft i ft ft TO LOAN on. life INSUR-
«IDIUU. "UU ance policies: Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine.
; n^ ; ; AUCTION SALEsT _■___ _. ~
•\foTICE— AT'^PUBLIC AUCTION, ; ON TUES^
Xi day, March 24, 1896, at 11 a. m.. the Sterling
Furniture Company will cause to be sold at, its
warerooms. Nos. 1039 and 1041 Market street, San
Francisco, all of those certain parcels •of goods
named below, upon which the charges for storage
and advances are delinquent, unless the same be
paid before the above date. The owners of said
goods are hereby notified of the amounts due from
each, and demand is hereby made for payment as
follows, to-wit: ' 
No. 239, Bradley, L. L., bookcase.. $17 15
No. 251, Catalow, John, case, pictures, etc. 14 00
No. 260, Colin. N., case 17 25
No. 298. Daisley, Jonn, furniture. etc...... 34 50
No. 299, Herndon, D. 0., maps, etc.... .... 24 50
No. 346, Hill, H. W.. cases, marked glass. 13 25
No. 352, Hersey, Mrs. M. M., machine and
cases:... 6 SO
No. 359, Hope estate, furniture.....:...... 124 50
No. 864, Hudson, Wm., case, trunk, carpet .41 00
No. 375, Hogan, Mrs. J. F., turniture. etc.. 56 50
No. 391, Jewltt, Mrs. M.s..csand muchine 32 00
No. 420, Lelninger. Mrs. K-... 12 00
No. 450, Marshall, W., trunk...... 9 60
...........Nolan, Mrs. W. 0.. furniture, etc.. 32 00
No. 508, Newell Bros., scenery, properties. 80 00
No. 650, Poukney, Mrs. J.8., furniture, 40 00
No. 523, Pueschell, E. A., bamboo clothes
ra k ...................................... 4 07
No. 615, Sauffley, R. C, trunk5............ 14 00
No. 619, Sutcliffe, W. A., stove, pictures.. 46 76
No. 627, Schlam, Mrs. H. V., fornlture.etc. 57 80
No. 669, Widman. F. J., furniture, etc.... . 25 00
No. 674. Warren. I. P.. toolchest. 9 25
STOKAtiK ~~ "
BTsM^ITST^FTRivrTURE TO?H^2~ELITsI
• low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern , plan.
TH. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
reduced rates; basement. storage, s 1 50 per load
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO., 761 and 753 Market st.
A PPLYFOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
A ture, etc SHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON . BROTHERS. 1710 ■> MARKET-
" Storage: low rates; ■ telephone South 762. 1
,: legal .notices. , ! .
I"n~^t^e^s^¥erT6lTc^rt^>f^h^state
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10. - :
In the matter of the", application for voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
13,948. V
Notice is hereby given that the San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Co'urt of the | State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying ;to■ be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th. day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City ■ Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard. : ■:. .:■■".: V . ■ ;.
1 In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. ~ ■ ; . r { .'
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Clerk
~ of the Superior Court. -•. . ' .
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. ■:,■".■'.■'■:'■■■'-.: -'■'-_:■■:■:■. * : ...-.'■: '■■•\l-;.- ■ . ■'■
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
- In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution ■'- or "The Dinsmore Water ; Company"
(a corporation). \ Notice of hearing. No. 13,949. . Mi
-•Notice is hereby given that the Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the state of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California I In | and for the
Citv and County of San | Francisco an application
praying to De dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April. 1896, at the -hour of 10 o'clock
a. u. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of i>epar iment No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new | Citv Hall,
San '- Francisco, Cal., are appointed as the ; time
and place at which said application j will be heard.
"■■», In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said : Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. v: u .-, -^ ># • " *
rSeal.J ■' C. F. CUBBY, County Clerk. :.
■ - '■ <■ i , ; By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, .
Deputy County Clerk "and ; ex-offlclo Deputy Cleric
of the superior Court. ' ■ '- ■ -'• * . •/
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
j tioneri
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CC. BEMIS. '. :
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
- 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
.-.•..'" : FOR SALE.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th are.; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific ave. and Baker st.; 55x
137:6 feet. . -
: ?2600— E. side of stanyan St., bet. Carl ' and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. '- '
' $450— san Carlos Villa lot : 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. . ■ ■
$6000—2 modern houses Of 8 rooms each, at |
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses; ;
make offer. ... - "-.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on ' Harrison st.,
bet. First and Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan st., bet. >oo and Castro: 25
x 114 feet. ' -
8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
$93 fid d 40X80 • FINE PROPERTY: 3
stores ;B flats :rents $160. 325 sth.
A NTED— HOUSh-RENTING AND CARE
" of your Oakland property; reference First
National Bank. W. KINGS, real- estate agent, 457
Ninth St., Oakland.
;ft 1 »>?vA 4- ROOM COTTAGE, WITH BATH,
<!?-'-*•«-'"• in ■ Potrero, nea* sugar-refinery: a
bargain; on easy Installments. Inquire 410 Kearny
st. room 6. * , • . - ■
Ik 1 ril7n WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
•J)lU |l "dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; Broderick St., near llaight.
Ap-ply 1330 Mission st. ■ .
ODER N 2-STORY DWELLING,- 7 ROOMS; j
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats I
an cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and j
see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
V" I 5 - ROOM, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
-1-V and bath; brick foundation; high basement;
all modern; will sell with or without furniture;
•Cheap: eaay payments. 1011 st.
TTiOR SALE— ONE OR TWO LOTS ON FALCON
-C and Twenty-second st. at vour own price. Call
at 865 Mission st. .
CjXAA CORNKR; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
ilpO\J\J. on railroad; $10 monthly.
Corner; 50x100, with creek.
$1500— Corner; 100x100: macadamized.
$1000— Corner: 100x100: $15 monthly.
9 175— L0t 25x135; $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
ATA SACRIFICE— MODERN 7
J\ rooms and bath. Apply Sunday between 10
and 2 o'clock. 163 Tremont ave., Ashbury Heights.
pHEAP FOR CASH; HOUSE 5 ROOMS:
\J lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank sts. (Holly Park).
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 5
room* and bath. Apply 929 Twenty-third st.
COLNTKY KEAL ESTATE.
CjK.'-" 1 '- •'• BARGAINS. ~ ~~~
«3r«J PER ACHE; 500 ACRES STOCK AND
hay ranch; 80 acres fenced; house, barn; timber
and running water; on two roads. -
$3 50 per acre — 160 acres wtll located on main
road; house, barn: 75 acres fenced with pickets;
water and timber. W. L. FOSTER, real estate
agent, Kelsyville, Lake County, Cal.
M' ARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. •• .
. ; , - Runcho de Novato.
Tracts ent any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: lil-
A-J proved; easy- terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. : Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
TfSrABLISHEjJ... ..........16 YEARS.
-LJ N. D. KICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) ; most reliable,
; latest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE In America.
620 Market st., opp. Palace 'Hotel, San Francisco.
\\ E HAVE A LARGE LIST OF IMPROVED
»» and unimproved chicken and fruit ranches.
town lots and villa sites in and around Novato for
sale. send for our list:' terms to suit everybody.
A bargain in a 10- acre chicken ranch. ' SHAND &
| RIBLET, Novato, Marln County.
END FOK OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
for sale. WOOSTKR Jfr WH 1 T I < >N. San Josa.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
I pOTTAGE, 4 LARGE ROOMS, BAThTToR
\J vacant lot in city or ranch near Haywards;
equity $2500. Owner. 33 Whitney St., S. F.
"I «.;GA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN Co.:
J-^Ov/water; tine for cattle-raisiug. N..bx.16,Ca1l
j rpO EXCIIa'NGE— S4OOO": 40-ROOM LODGING-
i. house, centrally located in Oakland, clears
$100 per month, for ranch or house and lot. J. H.
EPSON. 90H Broadway. Oakland.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL, EBTATK.
OR SALE— LARGE LOT IN BERKELEY;
115x300 feet.
[ Northeast corner on Brush st. lot 75x110.
' 25- foot lot on .-an Pablo ave.: 150 feet on Tele-
graph ave.; 1 have been instructed to sell these
desirable properties cheap for cash; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply at once to • •-.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Eroad way. Oakland.
PRIZE BOY for a milkman OR a farm-
: X er: HOacres fenced, 40 acres included in a new
survey; 7 miles : from Berkeley, ' on San Pablo
Creek. 1 mile from the town of Glorietta, on the
line of the Cal. and Nevada R. K.; we will sell this
property cheap: 60 acres in hay. A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway, Oakland.
OR SALE— UNIMPROVED CORNER LOT,
75x110, on Brush St., will be sold cheap for
cash: no reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
THE WARNER TRACT AT ELMHUttoT 16
J. rapidly advancing. ' For property In this tract
st first hands, apply to WARNER <fc CO., 4tJ5
Ninth St., Oakland. :.:■;'■■■
I^XCHANGK LIST— HOUSE, BARN AND 10
J-i acres fruit and choice vines, near Brentwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots in Stockton, near elec ricroad.
$1000, clear: block of 12 lots in growing town of
Acton, $1000, clear: modern cottage of 5 rooms
and stable, $3500 mortgage, $1250; modern 7-
room house. Pacific avenue, San a Cruz, for clear
ranch, £7500, bank loan $3000: 160 acres, Howell
County, Mo., $1600. clear; bargains In lots and
houses for sale. BENHAM & THOMAS, 465
Ninth St., Oakland. :
<2> QO Z(\~ FINE 2-STORY MODERN HOUSE;
tjpO±>O\J, 7 rooms and bath: must be sold;
large lot:10 minutes' walk of City Hall. A. H.
BREED .v CO.. 460 Ninth st.. Oakland.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAMtDA REAL 1 STATE.
©OQAA COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND
O\J\J. bath; $2750, cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: $3000, cottage of 6 rooms and ba:h: all
modem and convenient to trains: very small cash
payments and easy installments. JOSEPH A.
LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 Park st., Alameda,
<Bi jnnn LOVELY COTTAGE OF 6 LARGE
«Jp:±UUv/. rooms; San Antone ave., one block
from Chestnut St.; lot 50x150: $2550; cottage. 5
rooms; fine location: $600 cash. J. H. YOUNG,
1*43 Park st., Alameda. .
Q> 1 (\(\ TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY NEW
. «IP 1 V/U 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sciool, etc ; with large i
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of !
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500 j
Park St., Alameda. ;.-.■.';-»•-■'..•: -
$£90.nn large 6- room cottage on j
%jp+AJ\J\J. Alameda ave.; cheapest piece of
property in Alameda; to be sold in 30 days. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park st. "■„-'■---';. -■-.-■■-■■.■■.;-.'.
QtOQAA AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE:
tIT-iOUU. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732. ■
... $1750— Cottage;: 5 "rooms, and bath; $20 per
month: a snap— No. 736.* .- -'• .; .
I $2000— New cottage: : 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739.
$1500— Worth $2700: to close an estate; corner;
94x115 ; . street work, sewer, etc., complete; . will j
make 3 building lots. :, . ' : .' ...
-' $3000— New modern cottage: near station; no j
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698. ''?aBgBBMgB^
. $950— IVa acres : land on Bakers ave.; worth ;
$1700; one-half cash. • ; : .
i Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts Of
Alameda. H. P. jMOREAL A CO., 1432 Park at.
J ALAMGDA ; HOUSES TO > LET.
H~^ouse! ;() r^c^sT^fiTe^^ocationl
' : reasonable. Apply rm. 45. St. Ann's bids. S.K.
, .'■;•>> iS.fc.Kn.fc.Ljfk i^Au i^bX'Ai'Ji.,
CHOW. BEAUTIFUL! i TREES IN BLOS-
som; so near the university: near the electric-
cars and railroad: cottage of 7 rooms; lot 50x135
and a corner. Apply .to : JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley station. .: .' , ; : . :
TOSEP-H J. MASON, REAL • ESTATE . AND
O : Insurance, removed to Berkeley at ion. ■-•■'■
:.'. ;, ; proposals.: ;'■; '■
TpROPOSALS FOII IMP^O\'EME2«TS^fAT
x scnoo! houses sealed proposals will be received
by the Superintendent of Common Schools, in
open session of the Board of - Education, new | city
Hall, on Wednesday, March 25, 1898, at 8:30 *.. j
for th« construction of water-closets, outbuildings
and bulkhead at the Longfellow Primary and Kin-
con Grammar. schools, at i the Denman i Grammar
school and at the Cooper Primary School, in the j
City and County of San Francisco, in accordance' !
with - plans and specifications -at the : office -of :
Charles I. Havens, architect of the board, room 55, j
Flood building, corner Fourth and Market sts. . ■
pi The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public good may require, r'• : : .■'■: .- ----- ■
- >GEORGE BEANSTON. Secretary.
■■;.;■ ;.;';-:^.v,: / PHYSICIANS. .;:,;:; IV--; .'-".. , '■■
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty.
■p|R.A.'DjsLUCIB,PHYBICN-&URGEON.ROYAL'i
1/ University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg.661 Martt ]
~-t- -~y ".*".' ■-,■■-....-■'-■■.. ■-■■ -■ ■ - i
.- ■:-'.- r - '. ,'i "." ■-r -- ■ ■'■'-■'■■ :-
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
- Domestic Ports.
. ROCKPORT-Arrived Mar 13-Stmr Hcotla, hno
Mar 12. *v* i•? v, v - .... ■■; ..^- ■■-
BOWEN9 LANDING— SaiIed Mar Stmr
National City, for Caspar. ~ .
I>IVORCJ£ PKOCEEDJ-NUS.
Complaints filed: • ' : -■ ■.. v
Wilhelm Gerlach against Louisa Gerlach.
Elizabeth McCann against Charles T. McCann.
Charles Hastedt against Maria Hasted t.
Divorce granted:
Gussie Friedman from John Friedman, for neg-
lect; by Judge Dainjarerfield.. :
BIRTIb— MARRIAGES— OEATH&
f Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inser.ed. They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
GEORGE— 10, 1896, to the . wife of Adam
George, a son. , ■
HORNUNG- In this city. March 11, 1896, to th«
wife of C. F. Hornung. a son.
KLOSE— In Oakland, February 29, 1898, to the
- wife of E. A. Klose. a son. " , ■ .
KOESEL— February 12, 1896, to the wife of Louis
T. Koesel, a daughter. :
MERWIN— March 12. 1896, to the wHe of E. L.
Merwm, a daughter. -
STADEMANN— In this city. March 13. 1896,
to the wife of Peter J. Stademann, a son.
WINTER— In this city, March 11, 1896, to the
wife of A. C. Winter, a daughter.
:'v. : . MARRIED. :','] .
ADAMS— JONES— In tnis city, March 12. 1896.
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Frank E. Adams of
San Lucas and Emma Jones of san Francisco.
HILL— SCHELLER— In this city. March 1896.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles Hill and
Adolphine Scheller.
KELI.EY-TESSIER— In this city. March 12.
189t?, by the Rev. Dr. Dille. George A. Kelley
and Mary Tessier, , both of San Francisco.
ROSS-CAMPBELL— In-this city, March 10,1896.
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Andrew Ross and
Sarah E. Campbell, both of San Francisco.
TAFT— MAHONEY— Ia this city, March 11. 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Charles A. 1 aft and- Cath-
erine Mahoney, bott of San Francisco.
DIED.
Barnes. William W. Lulk, Fred .
Bratmos. Irene Lyons, Margaret
Burke. Veronica Miller. Henry
. . Burns. Eliza - Morisson. M. E.
Campbell, Alvin A. Mini/., Augusta. -
Canty. John C. Paulsen, Andrew '
Cordes. William Roberts, Ellis
Daniell, Helen Ruddock, Benjamin
Fraud*, Harold B. '. -. Ryan, Charles J.
King, Patrick .*.:/' Se;vers, Ernest
Llchtenstein, S. H. Vandorn, Annie
Whaley, Lena
BARNES— In this city, March 13, 1896. Wllriam
W. Barnes, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 03
years. -
BRATMOS-ln this city, March 11, 1896. Irene,
beloved daughter of John S. and Teresa Brat-
mo3, sister of Christina, Oljja and Stella Bratmos,
and grandchild of John and Christina Duneri.
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 1 year 11
months and 11 da vs.
#J"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 19 Vandewater street, between Francisco
and Bay, Powell and Maso:i.
BURKE— In this city, March 13. 1896. Veronica.
beloved' daughter of Michael and Catherine
Burke, a native of >a:i Francisco, aged 13 days.
BURNS— In the City and County Hospital, March
13, 1896. Eliza Burns, aged 46 years.
CAMPBELT^-In this city, March 13.1896, Alvln
•Arthur, beioved and only son of A. L. and Vir-
ginia Campbell, a native of Hornitos, Cal., aged
2 years and 1 month.
CANTY— In Oakland. March 12. 1896, John C.
Cantv, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
CORDES— In Placerville. CaL, March 9, 1896,
William Cordes, a native of Germany, aged 25
. years. .
DANIELL— In this city, March 13, 1896, Helen,
beloved wife of Thomas F. Daniell, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 29 years 11 montns and 6
days.
FRANCIS— In this city, March 12. 1896, Harold
Bertram Francis, a native of San Francisco, aged
- 1 year and 1 month. -■• r ■ • ■'
KING— In San Rafael, March 12, 1896. Patrick,
beloved husband of Bridget King, and father of
the late Mary, John and Martin King, a native of
. the parish of Raboon, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 76 years.
e^-Tbe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. a., from his late resi-
dence, corner Sixth and C streets, thence to st.
' Raphael's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
.' at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Friends are invited to attend.
LUIK— In this city/March 12, 1896. Fred, beloved
husband of Minnie Luik, a native of Germany,
aged 63 years.
«3~Frlends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr <fe Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. - Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LYONS- In this city, March 13.1896. Margaret,
beloved wife of Thomas Lyons, and mother of
Mamie, John. Margaret. Thomas aud James
Lyons, a native of Ireland.
a-irFriends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. it., from her late
residence, 1328 Eddv street, thence to Holy Cross
; Church, where a - solemn requiem mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
i mencing at 11 o'clock a. u. Interment ■ Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LTCHTENSTEIN-In thisciy, March 11, 1896,
Samuel Harris Licbtenstein, beloved brother of
Benjamin H. Llchlensteln and Mrs. Emanuel A.
l/'vv, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 49 years.
1 Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
10:45 o'clock a.' m., from the undertaking par-
lors of Godeau & Lipman, 326 Slitter street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:4.5
o'clock a. m. train from Third and Townsend
, streets. J ::^-'^*-'- '-iij!
MILLER— In this city. March 12, 1896, Henry,
dearly beloved husband of the late Ottilie Miller,
and -beloved father of Charles,* Harry and- Ida
Miller, . a native of Prussia, Germany, a. — i 64
years 5 months and 3 days. A member of Con-
cor<lia Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.. and San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 4, A. O. U. W.
O"Friends are ■ respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
p. if., from his late residence. 718 Treat avenue,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■
MORISSON— In this city, March 13, 1896. Mar-
guerite Elizabeth, dearlv. beloved daughter of
Edward and Mary Morisson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 9 months.
MUNZ— In this city. March 11. 1896, Augusta
Munz, a native of Germany, aged 44 years. ■ (
PAULSEN— In this city, March 11, 1898, Andrew
Paulsen, a native of Aarhus, Denmark, aged 32
years.
ROBERTS-In Palo Alto, March 12, 1896. Ellis
- Roberts, husband of Hannah Roberts, a native of
Wales, aged 64 years and 5 months. Late a
member . of the San Francisco Police Depart-
ment. "■" ■ T . • ,
■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic Hall,
. corner of Valencia and Sixteenth streets, under
the auspioes of Mission Lodge No. 169. E. and
•A. M. Interment ■ Masonic Cemetery. Remains
; -'at the parlors of the Union Undertaking Com-
; Dany, 733 Mission street. •
RUDDOCK— In Ocean View, March 12. 1893,
Benjamin, dearly beloved husband of Mary Kud-
' dock, and brother of James and George Rud-
dock, Mrs. D. Murphy, the late James Andrew
and" Patrick Ruddock and Mrs. O'Neill, a native
• of Mallow, County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
. Friends and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully invited to, attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Saturday), at 9:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, Ocean .-> View, - thence -to ■ St. Michael's ■
Church, where a solemn requiem will
be celebrated for the . repose of his scul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery. - ,
RYAN— In this city. March 1 3. 1896, Charles J..
dearly beloved husband of Mary Ryan,';: and
father of Charles and May Ryan, and brother-in-
law of ; Nora. Maggie, Ka'i" and Thomas Flynn.
I and cousin of Thomas and Nicholas Healy, a na-
■ tive of Cooraclare, County . Clare," Ireland, aged
29 years. .. i ...-.•■■ '
afS~ Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. if., from > his late resi-
dence, 565 Howard street, thence to St. Bren-
:. dan's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
. will be. celebrated. for the repose; of his soul,
■ commencing a: 9:30 o'clock a.m. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
F. of A.— Members of Court Golden Era No. 36,
: Foresters of America: Meet at our ball. Alca-
zar building, at 8 o'clock a. m., to attend the
funeral of . our late brother. C. J. Ryan. By
order, <; H. WHITE, Chief Ranger.
SEIVERS— In this city, March 13, 1896, Ernest
Seivers,' a native of Germany, aged 50 years. .
VANDORN— In the City nna County HosDftal,
■ March 13, 1896, Annie Vandorn, aged 32 years.
WHALEY (nee Schaaf)- In Oakland. March 11,
1896. Lena, dearly beloved wife of Allen Whaley.
and daughter of Mrs. C. Schaaf. and sister of Mrs.
Lfc'i.Volgt;-- Lizzie, Willie* 1.-no ; and Bernard
- Schaaf. a native of San t rancisco, aged 20 years
.7 months and 9 days. l * '"* ■- *- r. ■*;- m ■-
: :j£g"Friends and : acquaintances "are "respect-
fully invited to a' tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
lof her aunt, 443 Green street, thence to L O. O.
F. cemetery. *-■  ■ ■- y. ■ .:,'■:.:•: ■- 1 ■' : ■'
I■ - UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
■" - v ■at Reasonable Rates. ' ■•<' "
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
I Me AVOY A CALL AC HER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EXBALMEBS;
, •0 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. ,
;~ lyr-. ■;.•_:'•'.'■'_-; Telephone 8080. - - -": -■'
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
Ft BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAIT|
J. laid oat on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
ttfol, permanent and easy of access; see it beXan
having a burial place elsewhere. . • ■_ k
- ' vitj Offlct. » UtjrH»llATW|«
' - ... "::•■-:.■■.: /..".. "-.
1516
TALBDT CLIFTON'S
POLO BREECHES
Sued for Their Price in the
Justice's Court Yes
terday.
WHITE AS DRIVEN SNOW
Collectors Utterly Failed to Find
His Lordship at
Home.
LILIIE WINTERS' LITTLE CLAIM
She Asks $65 for Services and Goods,
Wares and Merchandise
Furnished.
' A few wpeks ago a fender and a
pair of andirons entangled Lord Tal
bot Clifton, the English nobleman who
has $60,000 a year and spends more, in a
legal fight with a gas-fitter's linn which
insisted on being paid for the utensils,
and now it is a scarlet coat and pair of polo
trousers— spotless white polo breeches—
that have performed the same operation.
When his lordship became a member of
the Buriingame Club, from which fifty
members recently resigned because of the
un-American manners and sports that had
taken possession of the organization, his
wardrobe, despite its magnificent propor
tions, did not contain a pair of polo trou
pers that had not been worn at least twice,
and a scarlet coat — absolutely necessary
for the maintenance of his position as a
scion of the English nobility — was also
conspicuous by its absence.
The trousers and coat were indispensa
ble, and Lord Clifton sent his valet to the
most fashionable tailor the employe could
find to see that the deficiency was sup
plied.
Those trousers — or breeches as they are
described in the bill rendered, but not an
swered by his lordship — were a marvel of
the tailor's art.
No bicycle girl's bloomers were ever cut
with more care than were Clifton's
breeches. The snowiest of white cloth
was used in building them, the trimmings
were of the richest fabrics, and when the
tall and elegant form of Clifton dawned
on the gr.ze of the young scions of the
aristocracy assembled at Burlingame the
green-eyed monster took possession of
many hearts. When astride a dimin
utive polo pony Clifton's pedal appendages
nearly came into contact with the vulgar
earth, but the set of those breeches was
periect.
Nor was the coat in the shade in respect
to style. All agreed that the cut and fit
were a dream. But Lord Clifton failed to
pay for the clothes with the same grace
that he had worn them.
At first the firm, after waiting a respect
ful period, sent a bill and later a duplicate
of the same. No response being forth
coming a collector took a hand in the pro
ceedings, but was no more successful than
the paper intimations that the time for
settlement had come and gone.
Though he called frequently and not
always patiently at his lordship's luxuri
ous apartments in the Maison Riche he
never found any one at home but the
valet, who invariably explained that his
master was out. sometimes exhibiting a
stack of unopened letters, some of them
bearing on the envelopes the addresses of
well-known business firms, to prove his
assertion.
Tnen the firm became impatient and
turned the bill over to Raver with instruc
tions to sue it" necessary to get the amount
due. $77.
Thus it waa. that a suit entitled "J. J.
Raver vs. Talbot Clifton, a lord," was filed
in the Justice Court yesterday.
The tailor's claim is not the only one
that Raver is endeavoring to collertfrom
his lordship, for in the same complaint is
included ttiat of one Lillie Winters, which
demands $60 for "services rendered and
goods, wares and merchandise furnished."
INTELLIGENCE OF ANTS.
Their Socialistic Communities
and Almost Civilized
Methods.
They Have Nurses, Soldiers, Laborers,
Milkmen— Dr. C. H. Steele's
Lecture.
Dr. C. H. Steele, professor of materia
medica in Cooper Medical College and resi
dent physician at the Lane Hospital, gave
a very lecture last night on the
Lilliputian institutions of ants and the
almost human socialistic principles of ant
dom.
There are four stages to the period of
growth of the young. The ege hatches in
from iifteen davrf to six weeks, when the
larva.' or grub state is reached. These
grubs are assorted and consigned to com
partments according to their size by the
ever watchful and patient nurse ants. In
another six weeks the grub assumes its in
sect shape, though it is still very tender
and white, ana in this condition it is a
most tempting morsel of food to cannibal
neighbors from another tribe. But in an
other six weeks the nurses lift it from its
KEW TO-DAY.
'/"^^v. Instantly Relieves
Wz3 skin
W <i>"£J' VIII II
JML, TORTURES
J&Sr^stl / A warm bath with
flS^Z^/ Cuticura Soap,
/ single application of
Vr**j ■_ I '-- ;1 Cuticura (ointment),
IM the great skin cure, followed by mild
doses of Cuticura Resolvent (the
new blood purifier), will afford instant
relief, permit rest and -sleep, and point to
a speedy cure in every form of torturing,
disfiguring skin humours. A
Fold thronirhoittth.' world. P.riti'h depot: NrTrnnr,
London. J'oiiiß Di.c.j a Oiiem. Coki-., Ucrstoa', U. S.A.
cradle, unfold its wings and legs; it ac
quires its peculiar insect mail and is ready
to become independent of nursing.
Ants have regular hours for labor and
recreation, their common work purpose
being the laying in of supplies for winter.
So systematically have they ' arranged
their co-operative system that there is no
wasting of energy.
In youth each ant is educated to per
form s-ome special function in the com
munity, and consequently there is no fric
tion, and in every household there is great
harmony.
The queen or mother ant's duty is
simply to lay the cg>rs. ami she is not par
ticularly respected, but when she dies the
family affection manifests itself in much
ceremony over the body, which is per
mitted to lie in state for many weeks be
fore it is ejected from the habitation.
The males are the least important. As
the lecturer remarked it shows how com
pletely deteriorated the male becomes
where the female has obtained complete
sway, and this he predicted might be the
case with the new woman.
The females are the workers and they
not only perform the labor but do the
lighting* when two ant armies meet in bat
tle, as is often the case when one settle
ment in nice battle formation moves upon
another settlement to capture the edible
young.
The ant abodes are wondrously con
structed and consist of subterranean pas
sageways connecting different rooms,
among" which are large assembly halls,
living apartments and storerooms, all
guarded at their approaches by a regular
system of sentries.
Ants build roads, construct open and
covered bridges and make tunnels some
times of great iength. They hunt singly,
but they fight and forage in armies. They
never assail a prostrate foe, nor do they
pursue one that is fleeing, unless he be
escaping with booty.
Some species capture their black neigh
bors and make them serve as slaves, the
fjnes^oß, or the-
1 — \ -/\H.Ut.feHospiTf\L^
A Scene in One of the Chambers of the Ah Lick Hospital, Where the Dead and Dying Lie Side by
Side Next to the Room Where the Bones of Rich Chinamen Are Housed.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
result being that the captors finally be
come unable to care for themselves, so
much do they rely upon their serfs.
There are" carpenter ants, that build
homes of bits of wood; mason ants, that
make plaster by the aid of an acid they
exude; agricultural ants, that clear and
cultivate the ground and plant out grass
seed, and there are ants that milk the avis,
a sort of plant lice that secretes a sweet
fluid.
It is estimated that the ant can raise 3000
times its own weight.
The sick and injured are carefully tended
by the nurses, but if a diagnosis indicates
fatal injuries the case 19 abandoned.
HE STOLE THREE WATCHES.
An Ex-Convict Makes Free With the
Jewelry of an Actor.
Eugene Girard, alias Erniol Girardieu,
has been booked at the City Prison on a
charge of petty larceny. The charge, how
ever, having been preceded by prior con
victions on the same grounds magnifies it
to the degree of a felony.
On March 6 Girard entered the dressing
room oi Frank H. Crane at the Baldwin
Theater and stole a silver watch. On March
9 he entered the jewelry-store of Erick
Puthon, at 508 Bush street, and while the
proprietor was in the rear of the place stole
a silver and a sold watch.
Detectives Harper and Bee have recov
ered the three watches.
Girard served three months in the Coun
ty Jail, dating November, 1894, on a con
viction of petty larceny, ami on Augtist 8,
189">, be was again convicted and sen
tenced to six months' imprisonment for a
similar offense.
11.. Cut Hir Throat.
Adolph !•'. Anderson, a ronstabont in the
South End saloon at the I'otrero, attempted
suicide by cutting his throat yesterday after
noon, lie was conveyed to the City and
County Hospital lor treatment. Anderson,
who is slightly demented, has been complain
ing of late Unit hs was working too hard and
getting too iittic to eat.
Train* to Be Diftcontinued.
After to-day there will be no more Sunset
United trains leave this City on Saturday.
Beginning wiib next week these trains will
leave only on Tuesdays until April I<>, when
they will be discontinued altogether uutil next
season.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1896.
IN "CHAMBERS"
OF TRANQUILITY
Inspection of Chinese Dead-
Houses by City
Physicians.
DYING IN FOUL DENS.
Dr. McMurdo Will Report Ah
Lick's "Hospital" as a
Nuisance.
ALLEYS WILL BE CONDEMNED.
Interior Views of Some- of the Worst
of the Chinatown "Quiet
Nursing Places."
Some of tbe "Chambers of Tranquility"
and "Quiet Nursing Places" in Chinatown
Interior View of the Chinese Deadhouse in the Rear of the Wong Wan Company
on Stockton Street.
[Sketched on the spot by a "Call" artist.]
j described recently in The Call were visited
yesterday by City Physicians Dr. J. JL
McMurdo and Dr. A. P. O'brieu, who were
accompanied by the regular Chinatown
Health Inspector and a Call artist and
j reporter.
The visits were quite informal ami un
expected, and the condition of affairs dis
closed to the visitors was even more dis
tressing than the descriptions already
published.
However, much that is horrible and
ghastly to the sensibilities of the Cauca
sian in these "deadhouses," where the
dying and the dead are huddled together
in dark rooms within touch of each other,
is beyond the reach of legal process. There
is no law which prohibits the housing of a
dying man next to a corpse— if the corpse
is removed and buried within the legal
Hve days. Another corpse may be substi
tuted for the one Intricd, often is, and thus
the dying man kept within constant sight
and touch of lifeless forms— and there is
no law beyond the moral code to prevent
it if the dens are kept reasonably clean.
There is no law that can reach the case
of a family which hides tbe dead body of
its member until enough money has been
raised to pay the undertaker's expenses.
This is frequently done in Chinatown.
Sometimes the corpse is hidden in the
cellar or in trunks or boxes for a week or
more at a time — and no white man knows
it or can learn the secret until at last the
necessary burial money has been secured
and the Chinese undertaker is called in.
The dead body is then hauled away to one
of the "Chambers of Tranquility," de
posited on a table beside the dying, and
left there till the coffin has been made and
all the formalities for burial concluded.
There is a great deal of this sort of thing
in Chinatown, but it is only among the
poor people; and, of course, they don't
count. This is Chinese philosophy, at
Jeast; so vastly different from Caucasian
practice, wherein the poor are cared for in
health, nursed as tenderly when sick and
buried with as much honor when dead as
the rich. But the Mongolian is entirely
heartless toward the poor. The rich in
Chinatown are buried with great pomp
and ceremony, while the poor are left to
die amid all the horrois of the "Chambers
of Tranquility," and then are buried in
the City graveyard, in case their cousins
are too poor to pay for the shipment of the
bones to China.
Some of the things viewed by the visit
ing physicians yesterday are so atrocious
in their nature, so ghastly and so filthy in
their surroundings, however, as to come
plainly within the law. Dr. McMurdo will
report to Health Officer Dr. Lovelace rec
ommending that these places be con
demned as public nuisances.
Perhaps the worst of these was found in
a narrow alley running off- the north side
of Jackson street, between Stockton and
Powell. The alley is foul and damp, being
the dumping ground for the refuse of a
dozen families whose kitchen windows
conve niently open on it. The alley is
malodorous, and one must step carefully
or slip in the slime of the refuse. Near
the far end of it, on the eastern side, is a
rickety frame structure, from the door of
which when opened still fouler smells greet
the nostrils. It is dark and dump and
cold within. It is also bare and comfort
less, and squalid and unclean. Yesterday
the visitors found no dead bodies here, for
there has not been a death in Cbiuatown
reported within the past ten days.
But there were the tables upon which
the corpses are laid. Dr. McMurdo him
self vouched for it that many dead are
brought here. One patient was in the
dark and foul room. He was idiotic,
speechless from disease — his voice not as
strong as a low whiaper— and his frame so
! feeble and tottering that he must cling to
! the wails for support when moving from
his coach (one of those tables on which the
ii«';i<i are placed) to the fitucet for a drink.
I He was all alone, evidently a prisoner.
i Heavy cobwebs and s(r.hrtit a s of filth
| were pendent from the ceiling, and under
foot the broken boards were Slimy.
By and by. when the eyos of the visitors
became used to the darkness, a narrow
staircase was seen near the door. Mount-
I ing this and uoundine on the door and
calling out, "The doctor from the City
Hall," and repeating the calls and the
poundings many times, finally brought a
response. The door was opened and the
visitors passed through a long passage
way, which ended in the rooms of the
"Wong Wah Company, fronting on Stock
ton street. Here half a dozen Mongolians
were found, every one of whom disclaimed
all knowledge of the deadroom downstairs
and its living occupajit.
In an alleyway almost as foul with rot
ting vegetable matter and much other
refuse, which runs north from Pacific
street, between Stockton and Dupont, is
the Ah Lick Hospital, or "Quiet Nursing
Place."
It is certainly very quiet. Knocking on
the first door in the long brick building
brought a response from a very voluble
and somewhat rotund heathen, who was
overanxious to prove that all was well in
his deadhouses. He said they beloneed to
the Man Fook On Company, and reluc
tantly opened the three outside doors that
lead to as many dirty, dark and narrow
deadchanibers. Here the small chambers
are divided off into spaces like stalls in a
stable, and in each stall five boards rest on
sawhorses, making tables or couches; two
of these in each stall— one for the corpse,
one for the pauper that is soon to become
a corpse. There they lay and grin at each
other until at first one and then the other
goes off to the City cemetery in a pine box.
In one of these deadchambers was a tuber
culosis patient under the influence of
opium. He must have had "cousins" of
some means to enjoy the nepenthe. The
other living occupants of these dead
chambers in this "quiet nursing place" lay
motionless and so far as one could see un
attended.
"He die soon," said the voluble China
man, pointing to one patient. Indeed, it
would be remarkable if he lived another
day in these foul and wretched quarters.
Beside him was a door fastened with a
great heavy padlock, which could not be
opened for the inspection of the visitors
bpcause the keeper who had the key,
"Him glon away," explained the guide.
But inside this padlocked room were the
bones of the rich dead awaiting shipment
to China. In each one of these three dead
houses is a "bonehouse," as it is called,
and the man who had the keys to all of
them could not be found.
Both of these alleys will be condemned
by the Health Board, it is expected. At
least they will be reported as public nui
sances. They are certainly endangering
to the public health, for the odors that
come from them are laden with the
microbes of all sorts of diseases.
Haifa dozen other Chinese undertakers
were visited, most of which were found
fairly clean for Chinatown, and one or two
were scrupulously so. But the best of
them are sad affairs, and all of them con
tain berths for the dying. Sometimes a
thin partition divides the bunks of the
quick from the dead— sometimes not.
What a gruesome, ghastly custom it is,
though, to take a sick man to the under
taker's before death has closed his eyes to
the unpleasant scenes of such places.
In the best and cleanest "Chamber of
Tranquilitv" in Chinatown — that on Stock
ton, near Pacific— the visitors found a man
making coffins in the front room for the
two dying men in the back room. And
the back room and front room communi
cates hy a large open doorway. It is not
an improper thing, in the Mongolian
scheme of ethics, for the dying man — if he
be poor — to lie in his bunk at the dead
house and watch the undertaker nail to
gether the redwood box that will soon hold
his lifeless form. It was a question, often,
whether the coffin will be ready before the
man dies or tlie man die before the box is
finished.
THE LADY BIKE RACERS
Miss Farnsworth of Minneapolis
Leads in the Pavilion
Contest.
Two of the Riders Collide, Another
Drops Oat, and the Other Is
'Way Behind.
All the exhibits were removed from the
Pavilion yesterday and the cycle show,
which had been conducted so successfully
for the past seven days, was brought to a
close.
The three days' ladies' racing tourna
ment commenced yesterday afternoon and
was continued during the evening. The
contestants were Miss Farnsworth of
Minneapolis, Miss Worth of Oakland.
Miss Mack of New York, Miss West of
Alarr.eda and Miss Peterson of Chicago.
The racing consists of continuous riding
around the track one hour each afternoon
\ and two hours in the evening. The riders
indulge in occasional sprints in the en
deavor to gain a lap or favored position,
which lends considerable excitement to
the sport.
The score after yesterday afternoon's
hour ride was: Miss Farnsworth, 19 miles
4 laps; Miss Worth, 19 miles 3 laps; Miss
Mack, 19 miles 41aps; Miss West, 18 miles
1 lap; Miss Peterson, 19 miles 4 laps. Miss
Farnsworth had a slight advantage over
the others in the finishing sprint.
Dunne the evening's riding Miss West's
wheel broke down, and she was obliged to
drop out after having ridden 27 miles 1 lap.
Miss Worth also dropped back somewhat,
not being able to holu the pace.
All went well until about fifteen minutes
before the end of the evening's racing, |
when Miss Mack and Miss Peterson col
lided on the track and fell. Misses Farns
worth and Worth escaped the general mix
up, the former immediately sprinting and .
gaining -two laps before the others re
mounted and tried to regain the lost time,
but it was a hard race and they were un
equal to the task.
Miss Farnsworth led at the finish, the
score being as follows: Miss Farnsworth,
55 miles 5 laps. Miss Worth, 45 miles 2 j
laps; Mi«a Mack. 55 miles; Miss Peterson,
55 miles 3 laps; Miss West, '27 miles 1 lap.
The racing will continue this afternoon
from 8 to 4 o'clock and this evening from
8 to 10, and the same hours to-morrow,
after which cycle racing at the Pavilion is
at an end for this year.
President White of the Associated Clubs
is going to remove John IS. Egan of the
Imperial Cycling Club from his position
on the racing board for what he considers
a very mean trick, Kgan tried to play on
the association Thursday night at iia bene- j
lit ai the Pavilion.
Egan and Jaecling were asked to pace
Otto Ziegler Jr. in his record trial and
agreed to do so. Five minutes before the
event was announce! Egan went to White
and demanded a $25;pri7.e or they would
not ride. White was obi ieed tn accede to
j tlieir demands in order not to disappoint
the public, but at once brought the matter
before the other officers of the association,
and Egan will be removed and severely
censured at the next meeting.
It h probable that the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen will also take up the case
and suspend Eagan from all track-racing
for life. Jaetrling is not criticized, as it is
said he was not a party to the scheme.
The association netted a nice sum for its
treasury by the benefit. All the officials
worked hard for it and the racing men did
their best to make it a success, and they
are all very sore to think that one of their
I own men should try to make anything out
I of the bent-tit.
DEAN'S MINNEAPOLIS COIN
The Forger's Deposit Garnished
by the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank.
WHICH WAS DEFRAUDED ?
The Nevada Bank Has Been Sued for
the Amount of the Raised
Check.
The Crocker- Woolworth Bank has com
menced suit against the Nevada Bank for
the recovery of the $22,000 which it paid
out on the raised check cashed by forger
Dean and his accomplices.
Several days ago the suit was filed by
Lloyd & Wood, attorneys for the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, and since that time
about $1600 of the amount has been recov
ered. The recovery of this sum was ac
complished vejy quietly and successfully.
When Detectives Seymour and Whittaker
went to Minneapolis to bring back Dean
and McClosky, they were accompanied by
the former office-boy of Dean. He posi
tively identified the men, and this fact not
only facilitated the extradition of the men,
but also satisfied Mr, Maxwell and tne
other officials of the Minneapolis bank
that they would be entirely safe in paying
over to the Crocker- Woolworth Bank the
$1000 which it held as a deposit from Dean.
There is, in truth, (juite an interesting
story in connection with the Dean forgery
case that has yet. to be made public, and
there is involved in it also quite an inter
esting legal question for the courts to de
cide, quite aside from the guilt or inno
cence of Dean. When Dean was first
arrested the Minneapolis Bank officials
announced that there was about $1600 de
posited there in Dean's name. Of course
this sum rightfully belonged to the defraud
ed San Francisco bank, but there was no
precipitate haste made in claiming it.
For a time no one seemed to want the
money. The Nevada Bank had lost noth
ing in the Dean transaction, so it professed
no claim against Dean's estate. The face
value of the check was paid out by the
Crocker-Woolworth B;ink. Still this bant
had assumed the position ihat it was not re
sponsible for the big amount, and there
fore it hesitated to seemingly abrogate its
position by making a demand for the
$1600, which, though a small portion of the
$22,000 check, was yet a sum not to be
thrown away merelyfor the chance of re
covering the whole amount.
In its suit against the Nevada Bank the
Crocker-Woolworth institution disclaimed
all responsibility, and asked the court to
make the iNevada Bank refund the full
amount of the Dean check.
The Nevada Bank's answer to this suit
has just been filed by Attorneys Delmaa
and. Shortridge. This answer alleges, in
brief, that at tne time Dean deposited the
$22,000 check in the Nevada Bank be had a
legitimate balance there of $2200; that the
Nevada Bank received the check merely as
Dean's agent for the purpose of collection ;
that under the rules of the Clearing-house,
of which both banks are members, it is
provided that clearances shall be made at
2p. m., and if for any reason tne check is
refused by the paying bank it must be re
turned to the other bank before 4 p. m. of
the same day; that no money was paid to
Dean till the day after the check was de
posited, when he was paid $20,000, and the
cherk was not returned until about three
weeks after it had passed through the
Clearing-nouse.
Upon these allegations of fact the Ne
vada Bank claims that the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank was negligent in the matter,
and therefore solely responsible for hs own
lO3S.
Before this answer was filed, however,
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank, guided by
the lecal acumen of Messrs. Lloyd & Woou,
began to have a very large yearning for at
least the one-eleventh of a loaf that Jay
within reach, and as a preliminary meas
ure the $1600 in the Minneapolis Bank was
garnished.
Yesterday the money was finally paid
over by the Minneapolis Bank to the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, the latter risk
ing the technical point involved. It is
definitely understood, however, that the
Nevada Bank will seek to take no advan
tage of this transaction and that whatever
matters are involved in any way in the
criminal proceedings against Dean and his
bank account will in no way affect the
status or bearing of the civil suit pending
between the Crocker-Woolworth and the
Nevada banks.
ERIN CHORAL CIRCLE.
Grand Entertainment to Be Given St.
Patrick's Kve-A Unique Feature.
"The Erin Choral Circle," which is to
furnish the vocal music on the occcasion
of the St. Patrick's day celebration at Met
ropolitan Hall, Monday evening, March
16, held a rehearsal at St. Paul's Hall last
evening.
Professor R. D. Valerga acted as leader.
The membership of this choral society is
made up of some of the most gifted and
cultured vocalists in the City. The plan
of its organizers to admit only excellent
talent has been strictly adhered to. Hence
those who attend the celebration are sur t
to enjoy a rare treaj of Irish vocal music.
The subject of the Rev. J. P. Ferguson 's
Now
Is the time to cure your
lingering cough and
build up and fortify your
run-down system, before
the enervating Spring
days come. Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophosphites
will
do it
It is the standard emul-
sion. Nothing has ever
equalled it to give
strength and build up the
body. Your friends or
doctor will tell you that.
D*on't be urged against
your will for the sake of
a few cents to
try
some unknown prepara-
tion they say is "just as
good."
All druggists sell Scott's Emulsion.
Two sizes — so cents and $1.00.
the orator is a sufficient guarantee that
h?s noble theme will be treated in a wortg
manner. A unique and mghlv comroentt
able feature willbe introduced on^ this oc
casion, one in keeping with the spirit or
the fpast that i? the presentation to eacn
person entering the hafi of a book expten
atorv of that faith to the Propagation of
which St. Patrick gave his life. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to a similar purpose,
the work of the Christian Doctrine Society
of St. Paul's Parish, of which Father Con
nolly is pastor. The admission will be
50 cents. mmm
NEW TO-DAT.
j! £f Pl/RB MID fKAGRANT. '
\\ ■
i '.V- The ■ .\yV .\ ', \
: Powder Free* ";: ■;
\
i : In every package a bottle ?«
1 ; of liquid Sozodont (use ;
; daily), a box of fine Sozo- : '
\'. dont powder (use twice a «
week). No other dentifrice ;
i ; so complete, so safe, so '.
certain in giving the best «
results. Its popularity has
: lasted over fifty years, & j* % \ ,
I '. ■ <
I ■ ' A small sample bottle free, if you ' ♦
(' mention this publication. Address the ; ',^ '
I ;,; ' :_• Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall A Ruckel,
(. : Wholesale Druggists, New York City. _' <
I * c f. A A^if^r^LJ*U*l-J*L-A-A.AJ*U*»-j'l..rt_*crt> i\j"i_i">_A_rt_ *
DR. WILBOR'S
COMPOUND OF ■
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES.
Invalids need no longer dread to take
that great specific for Consumption— Cod-
Liver Oil and Phosphates. '; As prepared
by Dr. Wilbor, it is robbed of the nauseat-
ing taste, and also embodies a preparation
of the Phosphates, giving nature the very
article required to aid the healing quail-
ities of the Oil, and to re-create where dis-
ease has destroyed. This article also
forms a remarkable tonic, and will cause
i weak and debilitated persons to become
strong and robust. Dr. Wilbor's Emul-
sion should be kept in every family for
instant use on the first appearance of
coughs or irritation of the lungs. Manu-
factured only by A. B. WILBOR, Chem-
ist, Boston. It cures * consumption,
coughs, colds, bronchitis, debility, wasting
diseases, asthma, influenza, scrofulous
humors, pneumonia. Sold by all drug-
gists. ■.; , . • . ' -^
PATRONIZE HOME UDDSTU.
Bill DIRECT FROa THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IKON 51. 75 base
ASGLK IRON 2.25 flat
BAND IRON 2.00 "
Hound Edge Tire 5tee1......... 2.00 flat
Toe - " 2.40 "
Plow ■":■■ 2.25 "
German Hammered " 3.75 base
Pick . " 4.00 » "
Machinery " ...-...;.. 2.00 **.■
Spring *• ......... 2.50. **
Cold Rolled '• 3.35 '..'
Finished shafting 3.25 "
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'PG. GO.
SAN FRANCISCO. :
\ PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DKVOTKD THIB-
J\. ty years to the treatment of b'.oov! disease, and
who is In possession of a lormula which has never
failed to I cure syphilis in any stage, will rate any
case under a posU'.ve- guarantee to cure orrefund
money. Consult him. at once. Write for full in-
formation, free, to the MotTat Cnenaicn] Co., room 1,
632 Market St.. san Francisco, Cal. Office hours, 9
a. M. to 8:30 p. m.
4&RNYSI
IBTHEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOIT»
X eyes and . lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglauec
with Instrument* of his own invention, whose
superiority has not been equaled. Mj *340«« «M
Msndue to the merits of my wort ",
• Office Hours— l2 to 4v.u. -. . .>. ;. ■ - ,
~~ ',.- ." ... . ■_■■ .• -.•- .. •
COSMOPOLITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., saa
>rancisco, Cal.— most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $ 1; ; *1 i!5 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. ' Kooms, &Oo
and 75c a day. . . Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach beari n? the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHEY. Proprietor
IhjTuC VflSI soro Tnrcat, Pimple*, Copper-«
inA'E TUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old bores.M
'Suicnrs In Uouth, Halr-Kalling! Write COO&9
•• IBEMEDy CO., :X>7 Slavonic Temple*
aChlcaiio. 111., for proofs of cures. Cap»-iM
2ta3, 6500,000. Worst coscc cured ill 1M
Tjto 35 days. 100-page booh free. ■ f IB
MM-JiJUU—ir WULCOX COMPOUND
safe and SURE. Always reliable. Tak#
nosubstltute. Forsaleby all $2.n0. Send
*c for Woman' sSafeonard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
CO., 223 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHIL ADA., PA.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I/ EARXY , AND I WASHINGTON STS.—
IV modeled and renovated. KING. WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 50 per day, $2
to ?8 per week.' $S to 830 per month : free baths*
hot -and cold-water, every room: lire graces in
t-very room: elevator runs all night-. -\ —
- ; fcieo^B9i^'
K 3
MARKETSXSg^y
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNRT '* «.
\J, law and Notary Public, 638'Marlce£«t • «- *
site Palace Hotel. ..Residence, 1620 Fell mi' ?i?^*
phone 070. -k Residence ttl«phon». »«»• a" •!.••