VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 25.
GARRET HOBART AT HIS HOME,
Graphic Pen Picture of the
Favored Son of New
Jersey.
STERLING CHARACTER OF
THE STATESMAN.
The Vice-Presidential Nominee
Endeared to the People
of Paterson.
POPULARITY GAINED BY TRAITS
OF UNSELFISHNESS.
Aside From Business He Finds Time
to Assist His Wife in Noble
Work.
PATERSON, N. J., June 24.— 0n eacn
of the steps leading to Carroll Hall, the
home of Garret Augustus Hobart, is a
floral horseshoe about six feet in diame
ter, placed there last Monday night when
80,000 people marched by, shouting and
cheering for Pater;on's foremost citizen.
New Jersey is not at all behind Ohio in
appreciation of honors paid to her favorite
sons. And the smoke of the celebration,
the echoes of the cheers and of the big
bands of music had not died away when I
arrived last nicht from Cleveland. The
air was still full of enthusiasm and of Re
publicanism. Local pride was wearing its
Sunday clothes, and the silk factories ana
other factories in this, the Lyons of
America, displayed the stars and stripes
and the tri-c'olor.
Carroll Hall is a neat three-story resi
dence, with a giass lawn in front, shaded
by tall elms and surrounded by a neat
picket fence. On two sides of the building
and facing the two streets is a piazza,
where one can sit in the moist, hot even
ings of summer and watch the rosy sun
sets. It is not a Nob Hill house
nor a Nob Hill district, but a modest little
re-idence such as you will, find anywhere
on the hills of San Francisco outside of
Van Ness avenue, Pacific Heights or Nob
mrs. garret a. hobart.
Hill, and is far humbler in appearance
than you would expect to find when Mr.
Hobart's financial standing and social
position are taken into consideration. It
makes an excellent match for Major Mc-
Kinley's cottage in Canton, Ohio, just as
the two men make an excellent team to
bead the Republican ticket.
I found Mrs. Hobart and a few lady
friends on the porch enjoying the cool airs
that gently strolled from the Atlantic
after tbe sun had gone down. The hall
door stood hospitably open, and in a few
moments I was ushered into the presence
of the Republican candidate for the Vice-
Presidency. The back parlor in which he
was sitting was brilliantly lighted and
luxuriously furnished, Mrs. Hobart's re
fined taste being exemplified by the chaste
beauty of the articles of vertu there dis
played. Mr. Hobart was almost concealed
by the high back of an npholstt red easy
chair, to that the first glimpse I had was
at the top of Ms head, which was bald up
above the forehead; two locks of dark hair
had been brushed so that his portraits do
not give any indication of his baldness.
He was dressed in a iight brown suit of
grass cloth, a costume very popular in this
climate, and was dictating letters to a
young woman stenographer.
That he was very busy was evident from
a pile of about 1000 unanswered letters
jyingon tho table and I therefore remained
only lonn enough to get a good look at
him. He is neither tall nor short, stand
ing about five feet eigtit and one-half
inches, and is stout and compact, but
without any apparent tendency toward an
excess of adipose tissue; the forehead is
well developed, broadest across the eyes
and filling out a little a hove the temples.
The nose is straight, of the Roman order,
but not too long; the firmly-closed lips
are shaded by a long, sandy-gray mus
tache and the iirm, square chin sits well
forward. The general shape of the head
and face is round, the greatest width be
ing from chock to cheek on a level with
the moutu. The eyebrows are straight
and horizontal, close to the eyes and have
a downward leaning at the corners. Hi 3
The San Francisco Call.
I eyes are grayish-blue, but their keenness
is weakened by a slight cast in one of
them. Mr. Hobart is a man of intense en
ergy and of great capacity for business
affairs. Like his friend, Marcus A.urelius
Hanna, he is an active spirit in many in
dustrial enterprises, but I think he lacks
the coolness, the presence of mind, the
j self-poise which have made Mr. Hanna
one of the most remarkable business and
political managers in the country.
Mr. Hobart is so earnest in his energy
that he shows it in every movement. His
manner of speech is abrupt and quick;
bis language plain Saxon and to the bulls
i eye. I soon found that he would not talk
politics. He said that he would not do so
except from the public platform, but as
his political ideas are well known nobody
will suffer because of his silence. In his
younger days he was a Democrat, but
after he had begun to get an insight into
true business principles and the secret of
the prosperity of all nations he found that
Democratic free trade Utopianism would
not be successful even in the management
of a peanut-stand, and he became a Re
publican. He saw that the Republican
party was established on principles whieii
were for the best interest of employer and
employe as well as for the farming ele
ment of the community and for the whole
people. The Republican party to-day has
j no more devoted, earnest, sincere and self-
I sacrificing adherent than Garret A. Ho
l bart.
"I'm piled to the ears with work," he
said, with an impatient glance at the big
stack of letters on the table, "and letters
are coming in thicker and faster by every
mail. How was Major McKinley managing
to handle his correspondence when you
saw him at Canton?'
I replied that perhaps the major did not
| attempt to read all the letters that came
ito his address. I presumed that he took
up those from personal friends and bis:
men in the nation and let his private sec
' retary and his three stenographer clerks
! attend to the rest at their leisure. Many
of the letters received by Mr. Hobart are
from persons asking financial aid; one
from Massachusetts to perfect a patent,
I another to help raise a mortgage on a corn
I farm in Kansas ruined by drought,
! another to assist a poor but deserving col
ored family in Texas, and all of them as
| suring Mr. Hobart that should he be so
'■ generous as to send them a check or a
■ greenback they would secure all the way
from 100 to 1000 Democratic votes for him
Mr. Hobart would not mention it, but I
learned from others somewhat of the
known record of this gentleman and his
GARBET A. HOGART JR., SON OF THE VICE-PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE.
Young Hobart fa quite an enthusiastic politician. The lapels of his coat are
decorated with campaign buttons, and he talks understanding!}- on the ques
tions of the day. He says he is going to be a good boy, like his father used to
be, and study hard, so that when he is a man he can become President.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 25, 1896.
THE HOBART RESIDENCE IN PATERSON, N. J.
accomplished wife, Mrs. Jennie Tuttle
Hobart, in the matter of that charity
which, says the immortal poet, falls as
the gentle dew from heaven upon the
place beneath, blessing him that gives as
well as him that takes, and which be
cometh the throned monarch better than
a crown. The gentle hand of Mrs. Hobart
has wiped away many a tear of distress in
this town of busy looms; her kind words
and loving ministrations have changed
many a sob of sorrow into a smile of joy.
No roof was too lowly that she could not
stoop her gracious head to enter; no home
so dark and cheerless that her presence
could not fill with light and hope. Here
in Paterson and especially in the winter
season there are many opportunities for
the exercise of charity as there are in ail
manufacturing towns on the coast of the
Atlantic, and there are several Christian
societies which have taken the work in
hand. They are the Old Ladies' Home,
the Children's Day Nursery and the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
in all of which Mrs. Hobart is a leading
and most valuable member.
Neither she nor her husbana has done
these things in the middle of the public
highway with heralds before them bugling
their praises, but quietly and without show.
Not one-half of their benefactions has be
come known, for poverty with decent
pride exists in Paterson as well as in San
Francisco. "Generous, open-hearted and
free-handed" were tbe expressions I heard
to-day from business men and others
when they spoke of the candidate for the
Vice-Presidency from New Jersey. To
ordinary enterprises needing assistance he
has given double that which would have
been due irom him, because he dreaded to
be considered selfish or mean. Where one
man gave $10 toward the establishment of
some local enterprise Mr. Hobart gave $25.
He is unassuming and modest withal ana
a good Christian, he and Mrs. Hobart
being members of the Church of the Re
deemer (Presbyterian). With a Methodist
for President and a Presbyterian for Vice-
President the Christian voters of this
country should surely be satisfied. He is
not bigoted in religious matters, for he
has liberally subscribed toward the erec
tion of St. John's and several other Cath
olic churches. He is also a subscriber for
the Barnet Memorial Temple and for
every other church of every denomination
that has been erected in this city during
the last thirty years. Hospitals, orphan
asylums and oid ladies' homes of every
denomination have been Dlessed by the
cheerful giving of his hands.
This trait of nobility and of unselfish
ness has gained for the leading citizen of
Paterson all his popularity. From the
preen Catskill, where the clear streams of
rippling water refresh the tired New
Yorker, to the farthest point of Long
Island, where the waves of the Atlantic
bear a message from the Old World, Gar
ret A. Hobart has the hearts of the people.
Nobody here or in big New York city
thinks of calling him azjything but plain
Gus Hobart. That's how he likes to be
addressed, for his hatband always fits his
head and never requires stretching. Mr.
and Mrs. Hobart have but one child living,
a bright, interesting little fellow of twelve
years, who has been named after t:is
father Garret Hobart Jr. The boy takes
great pride in his father's nomination and
confidentially informed some of his play
mates the other day that he was going to
be a good boy like his father used to be
and was going to study very hard, so that
when he crew up to be a New Jersey man
he might become President of the United
States. Then lie would make good laws
and give everybody work that wanted it
and make everybody happy. If young
Hobart continues to stand upon that
platform until he grows up a big New Jer
sey man, I have no doubt that he will not
only be President, but the best President
the United States ever had.
As in the case of Mr. and Mrs. McKinley,
and as in the case of every other man aiid
woman in the world, death has knocked a';
the door of the Hoi arts. There are two
graves upon wl»i<' lather and in .;•■!■» or
have time and again poured oat their
hearts' sorrow, one a little girl avid the
other a beautiful, bniliant, talented and
accomplished young woman of 23 years.
This young woman, the pride of her
parents, the sunshine of their home, died
in Europe under peculiarly sad and dis
tressing circumstances while the family
was engaged on a continental tour. The
papers gave the full details at the time
and it is not necessary now to speaK of the
matter at greater length. Had Air. and
Mrs. Hobart possessed iess vigorous con
stitutions the shock would have killed
them. Their lives were bound up in their
daugnter, and her death coming with the
unexpectedness of a thunderbolt com
pletely prostrated them and left scars upon
their hearts that time can never heal.
Mr. Ho ban's offices are in this city,
where he has lived for the past thirty
years, and are plainly furnished. Every
tning speaks of business. The directory of
the business enterprises in which he is en
gaged is as long almost as the list of offices
in the Crocker building in San Francisco.
There are sixty of those enterprises in
which he is a director or other officer.
Among these he is president oi the Pas
saic Water Company, of the Acquacka
nonk Water Company, of tiia Morris
County Railroad and the Paterson Elec
tric RaiWay Company, a director of the
New York, Susquehanna and Western
Railroad and the Lehigh and Hudson
River Railway Company, of the First Na
tional Bunk of Pnterson, of the Paterson
Savings Institution, the Barbour Brothers
Company, the Barbour Flax Spinning
Company, the Pioneer Silk Company, the
People's Gas Light Comiany, the Pater
son Electric Light Company, and counsel
for the East Jersey Water Company, the
West Milford Water Storage Company,
the Montclair Water Company and other
allied interests, a director in the Long
Branch Water Company and the Highland
Water Company. He Is treasurer of the
Cedar Lawn Cemetery Company and sev
eral land companies.
Some of Mr. Hobart's most notable
achievements have been the discharge of
the trusts of receiver of the New Jersey
Midland Railroad Company, of the Mont
clair Railroad Company, the Jersey City
and Albany Railroad Company and of the
First National Bank of Newark. In 1880
this important work was done with an
energy and ability that drew from the
Chancellor of the State the warmest ex
pressions of approval, the complicated
business being wound up and the depos
itors paid in full inside of six months.
That the Republicans have a candidate
for Vice-President possessing the execu
tive ability to fill that or any other oflice
in the National Capitol cannot bo dis
puted, his life from boyhood being one of
intense activity and prominence in busi
ness and in affairs of state. He was born
June S, 1344, in Long Branch, N. J., of old
Knickerbocker stock, his ancestors on his
mother's side being Dutch and on his
father's side English. He graduated from
Rutgers College in 1863, taught school for
three months and then commenced tbe
study of law with the late Socrates Tut
tle, a distinguished leader of the Passaic
County bar, wnose office was in Paterson,
S. J. Mr. Hobart aiso became a member
of Mr. Tuttle's family on July 21, 1869,
marrying Mr. Tuttle's daughter Jennie.
The first public office which Mr. Hobart
held was tnat of City Counsel of Paterson
in 1871. In 1872 he was made counsel for
the Board of Freeholders of Passaic
County, but declined re-election. In No
vember, 1872, he was elected as a Repub
lican to represent the Third District of
Passaic County in the State Assembly, re
ceiving the largest majoriay that th 6 dis
trict had ever given. He was re-elected
to the Assembly in 1873, and was chosen
| speaker of that body. He waa strongly |
urged by his constituents to serve them a j
third term, a distinction then unknown in
the political history of the. county, but
he felt constrained to decline. In 1876, i
however, in obedience to the overwhelm- 1
ing desire of his party, he accepted the j
nomination for State Senator, and again
his popularity was manifested by the ma
jority of 1879, the largest ever cast by the :
'county, exceeding by over 100 per cent
that given in the county to Mr. Hayes for
President. Mr. Hobart was elected presi
dent of the Senate in 1881, and discharged j
the duties of the office with distinction.
During his incumbency as Senator he was
a member of some of the most important
committees, such as revision of laws, edu- i
cation, State library, industrial school for j
girls, printing, fisheries, elections, etc.,
and in 1879 to 1880 he was chairman of the
committee on judiciary.
Mr. Hobart did not go to the Legisla- :
I ture solely for the purpose of making
speeches and voting. He had original
ideas, he saw certain evils which needed
remedying, and he showed that he pos
sessed the ability necessary to remedy
them. Among the new and good laws
now in force and emanating from him is i
the law providing for a summary judicial I
i investigation oi the affairs of any county j
npon the application of twenty-five free
holders, an act which has been a number
of times invoked with most salutary re- j
suits. Another was an act charging the j
sinking fund of the State with the pay- i
meut of all the interest and part of the
principal of the State debt yearly, reduc
ing the ordinary expenditures some $100,
--000 per year, which was the cause of the
DRAWING-ROOM IN THE RESIDENCE OF GARRET A. HOBART.
removal of the tax upon which New Jer
sey prides herself; another was an act for
the arbitration of labor disputes. From
1880 to 1891 Mr. Hobart was chairman of
the State Republican Committee of New
Jersey, and under his leadership the party
conducted some of the most brilliant cam
paigns of its history. In 1884 he was
chosen a member of the Republican Na
tional Committee, upon which he has
served since that time, and has constantly
served on its executive committee.
In the same year he was nominated by
his party in joint caucus as its candidate
for United States Senator, but the Legisla
ture Deing Democratic he was defeated for
election by the Hon. John R. Macpherson.
During more than one Presidential con
test he was asked to accept the chairman
ship of the National Committee, but his
business interests were so vast that he was
obliged to decline the honor. On Decem
ber 12 last he was selected one of three
arbitrators by the thirty railroad presi
dents, whose duty it was to select three
persons to finally hear and settle all dif
ferences that might arise between the
members of the joint traffic association,
which membership constitutes the great
est aggregation of representative capital
in the world. Mr. Hobart's remarkable
capacity for business and his well-known
executive ability have led to his aid being
sought in the organization and develop
ment of perhaps more corporate and pri
vate enterprises than any other citizen of
New Jersey.
In his speech last Monday night before
the big ratification meeting, attended by
15.000 people, Mr. Hobart said something
which, it would be well for a lew score of
NOT YET READY FOR SILVER,
San Franciscans to repeat after changing
the language to suit the locai conditions.
This is what he said:
"Now the point I wish to make is the
importance of civic pride and public
spirit. It is this that has produced the
marvelous change in our city in this
period. I have been guilty myself of some
of that pride in the city of Paterson and I
rejoice in it. I invoke you Democrats and
Republicans alike to do even more than
you have done to manifest more civic
pride, more public spirit, to make Pater
son what it is destined to be, the greatest
city of the future of the State of New Jer
say, to make it possible to have larger fac
tories and more of them, to bring more
people here, to have moro and better
homes for them and so make it the lead
ing city in New Jersey. We want to make
a city of comfortable homes for working
people and with ample facilities for them
to earn enough to own and enjoy their
homes. It is the advancement of this
idea that f have devoted my time, my en
ergy, my work, to the best of my ability in
order that I might more fully show my re
gard and affection for those who surround
me, those with whom I am in friendly
contact every day of ray life."
Mr. Hobart left to-day for Canton, Ohio,
to be present on the occasion of the mon
ster celebration to be given there next
Saturday. John Paul Cosgbave.
TO NOTIFY McKINLEY.
Chairman Thurston Issues Instruc
tions to the Members of
the Committee.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 24. — Senator
' Thurston and family, accompanied by
Senator Bressler and wife, leave to-morrow
• night for Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Thurston
i has issued the foliowinz letter of instruc
tions to members of the committee ap
pointed at the St. Louis convention to
notify Governor McKinley of his nomina
tion as President:
OMAHA, Nebe., June 24, 1896.
The committee selected by the Republican
convention to notify Hon. William McKinley
I of his nomination for President, will meet at
the Hollenden Hotel, Cleveland, Ohio, June 2B,
and proceed by special train in the morning
; of June 29, to Canton, Ohio. The train will re
| turn to Cleveland the afternoon of the same
I day. John If. Thurston, Chairman.
READY FOR THE VISIT.
Major McKinley Will Welcome the
Members of the Notification
Committee.
CANTON, Ohio, June 24.— Major Mc-
Kinley said at noon to-day that he had
not been informed about the date of the
visit of the notification committee being
changed as announced in the dispatches
from Cleveland in certain papers this
morning. He is going on. with bis ar
rangements for the reception committee
on Monday, and has ordered a large tent
to be set up on his lawn Monday morning.
CHICAGO, 111., June 24.— A special
from Cleveland, Ohio, says: Mark Hanna
has been in receipt of numerous letters
daily since his return home, written by
friends in the East, asking him in regard
to the financial plank in the platform
adopted by the Republican party at St.
Louis.
In substance these letters set forth that
the Eastern press is filled with specific
statements that Thomas C. Platt and his
friends performed successfully an arduous
and delicate mission during the conven
tion in forcins McKinley's friends to ac
cept tbe gold declaration against their will.
"The skeleton of the money niank
adopted by the convention," Hanna said
yesterday, in reply to these pretensions,
"was in St. Louis before ex-Senator Platt,
Senator Lodge and E. H. Lauterbach ar
rived. Ido not desire to detract from the
j efforts made by these gentlemen for the
I cause of sound money, but I do wish to
state most emphatically that the plank
defining the party's position was advocated
by Western men, drawn up by Western
I men, and approved by me before a man
! from the East reached St. Louis. The
plank aB it was finally approved by me
went the convention without Eastern in
terference or suggestion.
'Finally, 1 may state with equal em
phasis that the plank shown me by Sen
ator Lodge as representing the Eastern
sentiment was not adopted by the con
vention, nor was it anything like the dec
laration made officially for the Republican
party, being only two or three sentences
long."
Convention of Letter- Carriers.
TOLEDO, Ohio, June 24.— Every State
in the Union is represented in the first an
nual convention of letter-carriers which
opened here to-day. President W. W.
Blackmore occupied the chair. Reports
of officers showed the organization to be
in a flattering condition.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
New York Democrats Are
Firm for the Gold .
Standard.
ALWAYS FAVORED TRUE
BIMETALLISM.
But the Policy of Waiting for
Other Nations to Act Is
Championed.
AN APPEAL MADE TO THE
SOUTHERN BOURBONS.
Asked to Avert Republican Ascendency
and tbe Probable Result of a
Force Bill.
SARATOGA, N. V., Jnne 24.— The
Democratic State Convention this after
noon adopted a platform declaring that
the Democratic party is and always has
been in favor of true bimetallism, but that
the restoration of the equilibrium of the
two metals, disturbed by Republican leg
islation, is wholly beyond our power with
out the co-operation of other navions.
This they believe possible to secure by
wise and well-directed efforts. Until it is
secured the rigid maintenance of the gold
standard is essential. Paper money should
be retired as rapidly as possible. The
Democrats of the South are appealed to to
avert Republican ascendency and the
probable result of a force bill by uniting
with the sound money men at Chicago.
President Cleveland's administration is
commended and a revenue tariff favored.
These delegates at large to Chicago were
chosen: David B. Hill (alternate, Robert
Earl); Roswell P. Flower (alternate,
Smith M. Weed); Edward Murphy (al
ternate. Jacob A. Canter); Frederick R.
Coudert (alternate, William Purcell).
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Hinckley of the State Com
mittee at 12:20 p. m. John Boyd Thacher
of Albany was selected for temporary
chairman, and made an address of some
length, in which he reviewed the existing
situation and declared it to be the duty of
the Democracy in such a crisis to speak
clearly on the financial question.
"Neither consideration of expediency
nor the selfish interests of those who own
; silver bullion," he declared, "should lead
I us to depart from the safe and secure
I path."
Committees were then appointed and a
recess taken. When the convention re
assembled at 3:30 p. m. the credentials
committee reported in favor of the sitting
delegates from Kings, Queens and Rich
mond counties, and the contesting Shep
ardites marched out of the hail amid
mingled cheers and hisses. The temporary
organization was made permanent.
The platform, as presented by Senator
Hill from the committee on resolutions,
was as follows:
It would be folly to ignore and impossible
to exaggerate the gravity of the conditions
under which the convention assembles. Most
of the other States of the Union have selected
and commissioned their delegates to the Na
tional Democratic Convention. By a move
ment evidently concerted, but. as we believe,
ill-advised and ill-considered, instructions
have been given to the delegations of a large
number of States having for their aim and
purpose the adoption of a new policy and a
new platform for the Democratic party.
No opportunity for a lair and deliberate con»
sideration of such policy and platform has
been afforded the Democracy <>f the State of
New York. Upon such new matter thus pro
posed to be incorporated among the tenets of
the party it becomes the duty of the Demo
crats of New York, representing their people,
to speak in no equivocal terms. Gold and sil
ver — the money of the constitution and of our
fathers— each at a Darity with the other in
purchasing power, has been the platlorm of
principles proclaimed by every National Demo
cratic Convention, which has thus adopted
and reaffiimed, in each declaration of party
faith for a century, the wisdom of Thomas
Jefferson, who said, "The monetary unit must
stand on both metals."
The action of a Republican Congress and a
Republican President deprived silver of its
equality with gold for the money and currency
of the Nation. From this act— for which the
Democratic party was in nowise responsible—
and from the action of other nations following
in the same course it has resulted that silver
has greatly declined in commercial value, and
there now exists a wide departure of the two
metals from the coinage standard of value,
bringing disturbance to the financial systems
oi European couu tries as well as our own* and.2
Awakening there, as here, the earnest appre
hension of statesmen and financiers. The
restoration of the equilibrium of the two
metals thus disturbed is a problem the solu
tion of which Is of the greatest consequence to
the prosperity of both this country and of Eu
rope.
Such co-operation by tbe united efforts or
statesmen and wage-earners here and else
where is believed to be near at hand and to be
possible to secure by earnest and well-directed
effort. Free coinage of silver by the United
States alone can have no other effect than to
change our present standard to one of silver
now a depreciated coin— and to retard, per
haps destroy forever, the success of the move
ment now general throughout civilized coun
tries for the restoration of free bimetallic coin
age in the principal mints of the world. The
proposition to separate ourselves from the
great nations of the world and adopt the mone
tary standard of Mexico and China does not
comport with the pride and financial industry
of the State of New York or the United States.
It should be resisted with tbe fervor of both
partisanship and patriotism by Democrats
everywhere when the ad option of such a course
threatens as it does untold evils to our Na
tion's commerce and industry.
For these reasons and with these convic
tions the Democrats of New York in conven
tion assembled make the following declaration
of their principles and appeal to the Demo
crats of other States to join with them in
incorporating these principles in the party
platform to be adopted at Chicago:
First— We are in favor of gold and silver as
the standard money of the country. We are
opposed as a pernanent financial policy to
gold monometallism on the one hand or to
silver monometallism on the other hand. The
pledge contained in the repeal of the Sherman
law, which repealing act was passed by a
Democratic Congress and approved by a Demo
cratic President, should be faithfully carried
out, wherein it was declared that the efforts of
the Government should be steadily directed to
the establishment of such a safe system of
bimetallism as will maintain at all times the
equal power oi every dollar coined or issued by
the United States in the markets and in the
payments of debts.
We believe that such bimetallism, to which
the Nation is solemnly pledged, can only be
palely secured and permanently maintained
through the concurrent action of the leading
nations of tho world. Neither this country
nor any other country independent and alone
Is able to maintain it, and itwould be folly to
attempt it. Being so convinced we are op
posed to the unlimited coinage of silver in the
absence of the co-operation oi other great na-
Major Charles L. Dick of Akron. Ohio, Who Is Said to Be Slated for the Secre
taryship of the Executive Committee of the Republican National Committee.
tlons. We declare our belief that any attempt
on the part of the United States alone to enter
upon the experiment of free silver would re
tard or entirely prevent the establishment of
international bimetallism. Until interna
tional co-operation for bimetallism can be se
cured—to which end all our efforts as a Gov
ernment and as a people should be in faith
directed— we favor the rigid maintenance of
the present gold standard as essential to the
preservation of our National credit, the re
demption of our public pledges and the keep
ing inviolare of our country's honor. We in
sist that all our paper and silver currency
shall be ket>t absolutely at a parity with gola.
The piatform opposes legal-tender paper
money as a part of our permanent finan
cial system and refuses to sanction any
par currency inconvertible with coin.
United States notes and treasury notes,
being in fact debts of the Government,
should be gradually paid off, retired and
canceled, in such manner as to cause no
contraction ot the circulating money of
the country. Opposition is expressed to the
repeal of any existing statute which ena
bles the Secretary of the Treasury by the
issue of bonds or otherwise to provide ade
quate funds for the redemption in gold of
our paper obligations whenever necessary.
A tariff for revenue only is favored and
opposition expressed to "Government
partnership with protected monopolies."
The platform farther says: "We indorse
tbe administration of President Cleveland
and particularly commend him for his de
termined efforts to maintain the financial
credit of the United States. The delegates
to the National Democratic Convention
selected by this convention are instructed
to vote and act as a unit."
The platform was adopted unani
mously. Ex-Governor Flower then of
fered the following, which was also
adopted:
Whereas, Party division at Chicago on the
silver question will endanger Democratic suc
cess at the polls; and whereas, Republican
ascendency in the Nation would undoubtedly
be followed by another attempt to establish
minority rule in the Democratic Southern
States by means of a force bill; therefore be it
Resolved, That the Democrats of New York
appeal to the Democrats of the South, in the
name of their political liberty and their prop
erties to avert the possibility of a force bill by
uniting with the Democrats of the East and
the West in framing a platform on which all
Democrats can stand, the united support of
which will lead to a glorious Democratic
victory.
Congressman Sulzer offered a resolution
warmly sympathizing with the Cubans in
their struggle, and John Greene of Kings
moved to amend it by urging upon the
National Government the advisability of
intervening with a view of bringing about
a cessation of the struggle. The amend
ment was laid on the table and Sulzer's
resolution adopted.
After the election of the delegates at
large, as named, and Of district delegates,
the convention adjourned sine die.
STRONG FOR SILVER.
Ohio Democrats Instruct Delegates
to Champion the Cause of the
White Metal.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 24.— The
Democrats of Ohio in convention as
sembled to-day adopted a Btrong silver
platform.
Allen W. Thurman, E. B. Finley, L. E.
Holden and John D. McLean were chosen
delegates at large and W. E. Decker,
Casper V. Hoppley, P. H. Degner, John
W. Conwell, alternates.
The State ticket nominated is as fol
lows: Supreme Judge, E. J. Blanding,
Cleveland ; Secretary of State, Cbilton A.
White, Brown County; Food Commis
sioner, Patrick McKeown, Cincinnati;
Member Board of Public Works, William
Beaumont, Licking County.
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Smalley at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. W. A. Taylor was introduced
as temporary chairman. In the course oi
his address he said:
"Tbe danger wnich threatens this coun
try is not her rich mines of gold and silver,
but that grasping financial policy which
has made England the home of landlords
and tenants, and which, being surrepti
tiously engrafted upon our own laws by the
Sherman act of 1873, has made it possible
to turn the United States treasury into a
broker-shop and enrich a foreign syndicate
with unpatriotic American connections
by compelling the issue of the bonds of
the people to keep intact a stock of goldi
which it turns to its own sinister account
at pleasure. You have no war to make on
capital. You will make no war upon it.
You intend to respect its rights, and you
intend that it shall respect your rights.
If you did more or did less than these
things you would be unworthy the title of
an American."
At the end of Colonel Taylor's speech
the report of the committee on rules was
called for, and the overwhelming vote by
which the report was adopted showed that
any opposition from the gold delegates
vrould be futile. The committee on perma
nent organization then presented its re
port, which was adopted, naming General
A. Warner permanent chairman.
In taking the chair General Warner
made a short speech. He said he believed
that Major McKinley was honest in his
money theory, but he could no more bring
prosperity to the nation that way than he
could lift himself by his bootstraps.
By a vote of 542 to 128 the convention
adopted the following platform :
We, the Democrats of Ohio, in convention
assembled, hold that the money question is
the vital and paramount issue now before the
people of this country, and that its early and
correct settlement is necessary to the revival
of business and the return of prosperity ; there
fore,
Resolved, That we are unalterably opposed to
the single gold standard and demand an im
mediate return to the conbtltutional money of
gold and silver by the restoration by this Gov
ernment, independent of other Nations, of the
unrestricted coinage of both silver and gold
into standard money at the ratio of 16 to 1,
and upon the terms of exact equality existing
prior to 1873, such silver coin to be a full
legal tender, equally with gold, for all debts
and duties, public and private.
Resolved, That the delegates at large this day
chosen by this convention and the delegates
to the National convention from the several
Congressional districts, be, and they are hereby
Instructed to use all honorable means to se
cure the adoption of the principles contained
in tbe foregoing resolution by the National
Democratic Convention, to be held at Chicago
July 7, and to vote only, for candi
dates for President and Vice-President
who are known to be in full accord therewith,
and to accomplish these ends to cast the votes
from the State of Ohio as a unit, as the major
ity may determine.
After selecting the delegates and the
State ticket named the convention at 5
p. m. adjourned sine die.
BLAND IS THEIR CHOICE.
Silver Democrats of Texas to Sup-
port the Missouri Statesman
for the Presidency.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 24.— The silver
Democratic convenion adopted a platform
to-day which favors the free and unlimited
coinage of gold and silver at the ratio of 1G
to 1 independent of the action of any
nation, and demands that a law be enacted
by Congress making gold and silver coined
at that ratio full legal tender. Governor
Culbertson, J. H. Reagan, H. Clifton, H.
Duncan, Congressman Bailey, E. 0. Sen
ter, W. A. Oake and ex-Governor Hogg
were elected delegates.
The delegates were instructed to vote for
Bland if, in their judgment, at Chicago he
proves tbe most available free-silver Dem
ocrat. He was declared to be the choice
of the Democracy of Texas.
VICTORY IS ASSURED.
Representative Babcock Says the
Republican Nominees Will Ba
Elected.
KEW YORK, N. V., June 24. -A Her
ald special from Washington aays that
Representative Babcock srf Wisconsin, the
chairman of the Republican Congressional
Committee, has returned from the St.
Louis convention.
He believes that the Republicans will
have no difficulty in electing a large ma
jority of tne members of tbe next House
of Representatives, and that McKinley's
election is assured beyond all doubt. He
admits that the Republicans will lose
some votes on account of their strong
declaration against the free and unlimited
coinage of silver, but he believes that, on
the other hand, they will gain very largely
through the accession of gold men from
the Democratic ranks. He looks for a re
shaping of political lines to some extent
in all the States, and believes the Republi
cans will profit by the changes that will
take place.
At the rooms of the Democratic Con
gressional Committee there is not that
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
confidence which characterizes the Re
publican committee and the action of the
Chicago convention is being awaited with
a great, deal of anxiety. Should the
declaration be for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver by the United States, in
dependent of other nations, it will be
practically useless to attempt to elect
representatives from many of the Eastern
districts. The committee will govern its
action largely by the action of the Chicago
convention, although it is probable that
sound money candidates will receive as
sistance from it, no matter what the
declaration of the convention may be on
the financial issue.
GREETED BY EDITORS.
Men cf the Press Pay Their Re-
spects to Major McKinley at
His Canton Home.
CANTON, Onio, June 24.— The interest
ing feature of the day in Canton was the
reception of Michigan editors and their
wives. An address was made by Editor
Gilson of Benton Harbor, to which Major
McKinley responded heartily.
Messages of congratulation reached
Major McKinley this afternoon from
Governor Bradley of Kentucky, Governor
Morrill of Kansas and Major-General O.
O. Howard.
Mr. McKinley received this evening the
following dispatch from Senator John M.
Thurston, cnairman of the notification
committtee:
"The notification committee will reach
Canton on a special train Monday fore
noon."
This message was made necessary by
reason of a false report sent out by the
Chicago Associated Press to-day stating
that the notification committee had
changed its plans and would not call on
Major McKinley until Tuesday.
To Select Silver Itelegates.
DENVER, Colo., June 21— Seven hun
dred delegates from every county in the
State will hold a convention to-morrow
for the purpose of selecting delegates to
the convention of the National silver
party to be held in St. Louis July 22.
Teller will probably be indorsed as Presi
dential candidate on a single plank,
though something may be added relative
to protection. The silver Republicans of
Colorado are enthusiastically supporting
this new party movement.
MAKING PAPER BULLETS,
The New Kind of Cartridges
Tried by the War
Department. ,
Experiments Result in the Selection
of a Harmless Contrivance for
Salutes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 24.— The
Call correspondent made inquiry at the
War Department to-day concerning the
report that paper bullets were to be used
in magazine rifles in tirine salutes. Gene
ral Flakier was absent from the depart
ment, but one of tbe chiefs of the bureau
made the following statement to the
correspondent:
"Y T es, it is true that we are going to issue
paper bullet cartridges to the army. In
order that your readers may clearly under
stand, I will say that the army now uses
about 800.000 of these blank cartridges
each year, so you can see that the cost is
considerable. The blanks are not all
used in firing salutes; in fact, very few are
used for that purpose. When a general
officer or other dignitary visits a port
cannon are fired in his iionor. A great
many magazine rifle cartridges are fired
over graves at funeral ceremonies, but the
most of them used in the army are fired
in skirmish and other drills. Of course,
you understand that the 45-caliber car
tridges used in the old Springfield rifles
have been replaced by 30-caliber cartridges
used in tbe new magazine gun, There
fore, the blank cartridges have been made
of brass, •bullet' and all, but in order to
cheapen the cost we have been experi
menting with wood and paper. We found
that the flying wood splinters were dan
gerous and that the paper bullets hereto
fore made were influenced by rain and
even by damp weather, so that they
swelled and would not fit the magazine.
We then experimented with water-proof
paper bullets and by coating them with
parafflne they gave very satisfactory re
sults. They are lust a trifle Bmaller than
the old paper bullets, so that even if there
should be any swelling they would yet fit
the gun and not stick. These water-proof
paper bullets have been experimented
with at Frankfort Arsenal and are now
pronounced perfect, and will be issued to
tte army upon requisition in place of the
old ones. The cost is only about one-half
that of the brass ones.
"Of course, you understand that these
blanK cartridges do not contain bullets,
but, in order tuat the cartridges will fit
the magazine, it is necessary to give
the tip of the cartridge the shape of a
bullet. The paper bullets are hollow, and
in the cavity will be filled smokeless
powder, as well as the charge in the shell
itself. Heretofore powder has only been
put in the shell, while the bullet has been
hollow, but we founa that the fragments
of flying brass, wood or paper ware danger
ous, and so we now charge the bullet with
powder also, so as to explode it before it
can do any damage."
MINE DEGREES AWARDED.
General Mile* Among Those Honored by
Harvard College.
AMHERST, Mass., June 24.— The sev
enty-fifth commencement exercises of
Amherst Colieee were held in College
Hall to-day. Among those awarded the
degree of B.A. were Arden M. Rockwood
and John A. Rockwood of Portland, Or.
Among those who took B.S. degrees
was Richard R. Rollins, Des'Moines.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 24.— T0-day
was commencement day at Harvard. The
following honorary degrees were conferred :
LL.D. — General Nelson A. Miles, U. 8. A.:
Alexander Graham Bell, inventor. D.D. —
M. E. Bishop John Heyl Vincent, of
Kansas. A.M.— Booker T. Washington
(colored), principal of the Tuskosee Nor
mal and Industrial Institute. This is the
first and only honorary degree ever con
ferred by Harvard on a colored man.
NEW HAViSN, Conn., June 24.— Yale's
formal commencement exercises were held
in Battell Chapel to-day, ana were the
most impressive ever held. Among the
candidates lordegrees were: LL.D., Hon.
R. W. Peckham of the United States Su
preme Court and Hon. J. W. Foster, for
merly Secretary of State; M.A., John La
farge, the art critic, W. fl. Hunt of the
Montana Supreme bench and Henry R.
Wolcott, a prominent Colorado lawyer.
LONDON. Enq., June 24.— Hon. Thomas
F. Bayard, United States Embassador to
the Court of St James, was the recipient
to-day of the degree of D.C.L., whicn was
conferred upon him by Oxford University
at Oxford in the presence of a larga and
distinguished company of guests.
liesieqtd by Matabele*.
CAPE TC WN, South Afbica, June 24.—
Reports have been received here that
various stations in tne Matabele country
have been attacked by the rebellious
natives and the white inhabitants killed.
The whole country around Fort Salisbury,
according to the advices received, is in re
volt and relief is anxiously awaited by the
beleaguered white residents.
INDIANA WANTS
FREE SILVER,
Hoosier State Democratic
Convention So De
clares.
SCENES OF DISORDER.
Hot Fight Over the Seating of
the Marion County
Delegation.
PLANKS FOR THE PLATFORM.
Governor Claude Matthews the Choice
for the Presidential
Nomination
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 24.— As
predicted, the silver men had control of
the Democratic State Convention to-day,
and although the small gold minority
made a desperate struggle they were
"turned down" mercilessly and a silver
platform adopted. The delegates at large
are : D. W. Voorhees, David Turpie, G. V.
Menzies and James McCabe.
The State ticket is as follows: Governor,
B. F. Shively, South Bend ; Lieutenant-
Governor, John Lawler, Salem; Secretary
of State, S. M. Ralston, Lebanon; Auditor,
Joseph T. Fanning, Indianapolis; Treas
urer, Morgan Chandler, Greenfield; Attor
ney-General, J. G. McNutt. Terre Haute.
Nominations for Appellate Judges, Super
intendent of Public lustruttion and State
Statistician were also made.
The convention was one of the stormiest
ever held in the State, the proceedings at
times being almost riotous. The first row
came when the report of the credentials
committee was read, displacing the gold
contestants of Marion County. The con
fusion was so great that a recess of thirty
minutes had to be taken. After this,
when the platform had been read, W. D.
Bynum, on behalf of the gold men, tried
to offer a minority report.
Chairman Bell declared him out of
order, but Bynum would not down.
Finally, after an hour and a half of wild
scenes, during which personal altercations
were narrowly prevented in one or two in
stances, Bynum was given five minutes
and made a motion to strike out the finan
cial plank and insert in its stead the plank
adopted at Chicago in 189?. Such a storm
of hoots and howls gieeted this that
Mr. Bynum was compelled to leave the
platform.
The convention then adopted the
original resolutions and completed its
business.
The convention was called to order this
morning at Tomiinson's Hall by State
Chairman Sterling B,"* Holt. The conven
tiou will nominate the full State ticket
from Governor down, will select delegates
to the National Convention and Presi
dential electors. In the matter of nomi
nations there is as yet little indication of
the action of the convention, except that
none who is not a radical free silver man
stands the ghost of a show of receiving
any favors at the hands of the gathering.
D. F. Shively of South Bend, a red-hot
silver man, probably leads 4or the Guber
natorial nomination.
All over the building were tastefully
decorated flags and big lithographs of
Claude Matthews, Indiana's choice for the
Presidency. No other Democratic face ap
peared apon the walls. President Cleve
land's likeness was conspicuous by its ab
sence from the decorations as well as his
name from the platform.
The report of tbe Oregon delegation de
veloped the fact that the silver people had
made a new move to down the Marion
County gold crowd by not recognizing the
district meeting of the night before and
requiring the Seventh District to hold an
other meeting with the silver contestants
seated.
As soon as the report was read Judge
Branyan moved as a substitute the name
of J. G. Shanklin for that of Menzie. By
num called for a rollcall on the original
motion, but was interrupted by Shanklin
himself, who came forward to withdraw
his name. He was greeted with cries of
"No! No!" There was the wildest de
light when he branched off into a silver
speech. A viva voce vote was taken on
the adoption of the whole report. It was
declared carried, though the noes were in
the majority. This carried with it the
throwing out of the Seventh District se
lections.
Holt at once introduced Permanent
Chairman Senator Bell of Fort Wayne.
The Marion County row was immedi
ately precipitated upon the convention
after the speech of the permanent chair
man. Bellamy read the report of the
credentials committee, the silver men
evidently having the better of it. The
report closed with a resol ution ordering
tbe delegates of tne Seventh District as
made up by the credentials committee to
retire and make new selections for dele
gates and Congressman. The report was
adopted under the operation of the
previous question amid very great con
fusion. In obedience to the order the
silver delegates from the Seventh left the
ball, but the gold delegates never left
their seats.
The platform was started on its way by
a motion for the previous question. By
num arose and a wild scene ensued. The
convention endeavored to howl him down.
Chairman Bell declared him out of order
and then declared the platform adopted,
but Bynuin gesticulated and declared that
he was acting under the rules.
The financial and tariff planks in the
platform are as follows:
We reaffirm our adherence to and faith in
the" Democratic doctrine of bimetallism, and
therefore wo demand the immediate restora
tion of bimetallism by tbe free and unrestricted
coinage of both silver and Rold as primary
money, at the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting
the co-operation of Great Britain or other for
eign power, all such coinage to be full legal
tender in the payment of all debts, public and
private.
Resolved, That we believe tbe existing tariff
will be fully equal to all demands for needed
revenue for the expenses of the Government,
economically administered under the condi
tions which will arise from the restoration of
bimetallism.
The remainder of the platform favors
prompt adjustment, punctual and regular
payment of all pensions; believes in ac
cording all the rights of belligerency to
the people of Cuba; favors the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of
the people; opposes all subsidies of land
grants to private corporations; indorses
the administration of Governor Matthews,
commends him to the Democrats of the
United States as a candidate for the Presi
dency,instrncts the delegates from Indiana
to the National Convention to cast their
votes in his favor for President and in
structs the Indiana delegates to vote as a
unit upon all questions involving platform
or candidates in that convention; opposes
redemption and final cancellation of United
States notes (greenbacks) or any other
notes of certificates issued by the United
States to circulate as money; demands a
sufficient stable volume of money, gold,
silver and paper to meet the requirements
of our growing population and the con
stant increase of our productive indus
tries, and protests against the increase of
the public debt by the issue of interest
bearing bonds or otherwise in time of
peace.
When Mr. Bynum was finally given
recognition he attempted to offer a substi
tute for the financial plank as stated in
the foregoing, but after another scene of
great disorder was obliged to leave the
platform.
The convention then proceeded to tue
selection of delegates and a State ticket,
after completing which it adjourned sine
die.
ACCEPTED THE OREGON.
Secretary Herbert Pays the Union Iron
Works.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 24.—Secre
tary Herbert to-day formally accepted the
new battle-ship Oregon from the Union
iron Works of San Francisco. The re
mainder of the contract price was paid to
the company, with the exception of a
small sum retained to cover the cost of
any changes or repairs for whicn the con
tractors may be responsible.
ADMIRAL RAMSAY CHOSEN
Will Be the Naval Member of
the Board to Select the Deep-
Harbor Site.
Work to Bj Commenced in August or
September, When the Rival
Claims Are to Be Heard
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 24.— Rear-
Admiral Ramsay will be named as the
naval member of the board to determine
the location of a deep-water harbor for Port
Los Angeles in Santa Monica Bay or at San
Pedro. He will be only temporarily de
tached, and during his absence his place
as chief of the Bureau of Navigation will
be filled by Captain F. A. Cook.
Rear- Admiral Ramsay's selection is the
first step in the direction of carryine out
the law of Congress in connection with the
settlement of this controversy. T.'*e warm
debate attending the adoption of a pro
vision in regard to the location of the pro
posed deep-water harbor at Santa Monica
or at San Peilro will be recalled as well as
the criminations and recriminations in
volving the name of Huntington and his
railroad.
The matter, as finally passed upon by
Congress, provided that the location of
the harbor was to be determined by an
officer of the navy, "to be detailed by the
Secretary of the Navy"; an officer of the
Coast and Geodetic Survey, "to be de
tailed by the Superintendent of said sur
vey," and three experienced civil engi
neers sKilled in riparian work, who shall
be appointed by the President. The other
appointments will be extremely impor
tant, not only because of the large amount
of money involved, but on account of the
fight being waged by and against Presi
dent Huntington and the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
The board will probably not commence
its work until August or September, and
its duty will be to personally examine the
harbors, the decision of a majority of
which shall be final as to the location of
the harbor.
When the report of the board is sub
mitted the Secretary of War is empowered
to make contracts for the completion of
the improvements to the location adopted
at a cost not exceeding $2,900,000. In order
to prevent a monopoly of the use of the
harbor by tbe Southern Pacific, the act
provides that if the board shall determine
in favor of the construction ot a break
water at Port Los Angel "s, no expenditure
of any of the money appropriated shall be
made until the Southern Pacific Railroad
shall execute an aereement that any rail
road company or any corporation engaged
in tb.e business of transportation may
share in the use of the pier now con
structed at the port upon terms that both
parties may agree upon.
TWO WILD BOOK AGENTS.
They Predicted the End of the World To
ll ay.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 24.— Henry
Koerner and Maurice Ruben, two Pitts
burg men, who made a prediction that the
world would end to-day, have attracted
tbe attention of the public several times.
Ruben is a Hebrew and his brother is the
owner of a large department store here.
He claims to be a convert to Christianity,
and has devoted much time to spiritual in
cantations.
The men made so much noise at night
that neighbors called the police. Rubens
relatives at one time had two insanity ex
perts examine him. They found him in
sane, and he was committed to Dixmont
Asylum. A few weeks later bis friend
Koerner got Ruben out on a writ of habeas
corpus,,and the judge lectured the physi
cians for committing him.
Since September Ruben and Koerner
have been lodging at the Oxford Hotel.
They make their living by selling Bibles
and religious publications for the Young
Men's Bible Society of Allegheny. The
hotel guests say there is nothing about
either man to suggest insanity.
FATAL RAILWAY WRECK.
One Man Killed and Two Injured in a
Smash- Up.
CHICAGO, 111., Jane 24.— Two freight
trains on the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul Railway collided last night between
Monroe Center and Davis Junction. One
man was killed and two injured. Thomas
Moore, the fireman, was killed. A man
named Daley was badly crushed and will
die. Another man named Baer was se
riously hurt.
Thirty-four cars were smashed and
burned. The wrecK was caused by tbe
breaking in two of the west- bound freignt.
When the two sections met again several
cars were thrown on the east-bonnd track
just as the east-bound train came alone,
and it ran into the wrecK.
AngeWs Anniversary.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., June 24.— An ova
tion is being tendered to-day to President
James B. Angell of the University of
Michigan by the students, faculty and
alumni of the institution in recognition of
the completion of the twenty-fifth year of
his presidency. It is the star event of
commencement week. An ode written for
the occasion by Charles Mills Gayley of
the University of California was rendered
by the choral union.
TWO SPANISH
VICTORIES WON,
That Is, if You Take the
Spaniards' Word
for It.
FOURTEEN MEN KILLED.
Battle With Filibusters in Which
the Rebels Were De
feated.
PRESIDENT CLEVELAND BACK.
He Will Consider the Several For
eign Questions That Are
Now Pending.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 24. — General
Gonzales Munoz reports that on June 19
he left the Brameales estate, near the
Cabanas province of Pinar del Rio, and
marched toward the Rubi Hills. The
rebels opened fire upon the troops from
strong positions, but after a vigorous
attack they were obliged to retreat. Con
tinuing their march on June 20, the troops
captured a rebel camp at Animar after a
short defense. The troops destroyed in
surgent plantations and burned over 300
huts. The rebels were commanded by
Bandera, Delgado and Diaz. They left
fourteen dead on the field and carried
away many wounded on their retreat.
Nine prisoners were taken by the Spanish
They will be summarily court-martialed.
The troops lost thirteen wounded, includ
ing Lieutenant Surg^nt.
A filibustering expedition which landed
recently between Varadero and Camarioca,
near Cardena3, had an engagement with
the troops under Colonel Gaston. The
fighting lasted five hours and the filibus
ters were dislodged from several posi
tions taken up by them.
The rebels," wno were commanded by
Ricardo Trujillo, lost twenty-three killed
and many wounded. The Spanish loss
was nineteen wounded, including a cap
tain. The troops are in pursuit of the
rebels, who fled into tbe interior.
Two brothers named Joaquin and Jaime
Bucet, who were accused of complicity in
the recent blowing up of bridges, have
confessed their guilt, but declare that they
caused the explosion as anarchists and
not as rebels.
THE CENAS QUESTION.
President Cleveland Will Consider It Itn-
mediately.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 24.— A Herald
special from Washington
President Cleveland will return to Wash
ington this afternoon and will then be on
the ground to consider the several pend
ing foreign questions. Secretary Olney,
who is also out of the city, having left here
Monday night, presumably for Massachu
setts, is also expected to return to-day or
to-morrow.
It is expected that one of the first sub
jects referred will be that of Cuba, al
thouerh it can be stated definitely that the
administration has no intention whatever
of changing its attitude on this question.
While not at all disturbed at the anger being
displayed by Spaniards against this coun
try, the authorities are watching closely
the developments in tne Spanish Cortes.
It is expected that the Ministry will
resolutely oppose the passage of any meas
ure having as its object a criticism of the
United States or a direction to take any
action against it. In case it should be
done, the Ministry, under the mode of
procedure in operation in Spain, will ask
for a vote of confidence, and if it fails to
receive it, it will step down and out, and
another Ministry favoring the views of the
majority will enter into power. In case
such a Ministry were formed it would
necessarily have to carry out the views of
its supporters, and then consequences
might be fraught with peril to the rela
tions between its Government and that of
the United States.
Senor Aguirre, a prominent advocate of
Cuban independence, who was for some
time connected with the official repre
sentation of the insurgents here, sharply
criticizes the representatives of the Cuban
Junta here, Senors Quesadu and Palma,
for what he declares to be their extrava
gant living and neglect of duty and their
alleged action in antagonizing every move
ment set on foot for the establishment of a
republic in Cuba. Senor Aguirre said:
"The expenses of Quesada and Palma here
are more than $50 a day. When the reso
lution recognizing the belligerency of
Cuba came up in Congress the members
who were desirous of aiding the' struggling
revolutionists consulted Quesada and
Palma as to what was best to be done.
They informed the Representatives that
they did not desire the resolution to pass.
What they wanted was armed intervention
by this country.
"So, also, when the question of the joint
resolution came up Quesada and Palma
fought it. They urged that a joint resolu
tion would look like an attempt to over
ride the President and they did not wish
It. They prevented its introduction in the
House. They could not prevent its intro
duction in the Senate, but through Sena
tors Lodge, Cameron and others they
killed it in the committee.
"So absolutely nothing has been accom
plished for all the outlay of money by the
legation."
Quesada and Palma deny Senor Agulrre's
charges in toto.
THEIR GOD IS KILLED.
And Now the Matabeles Are Expected to
Become Discouraged and Stop
Fighting.
LONDON, J£kg., June 24.— The Daily
Telegraph to-morrow will have dispatches
from Pretoria and Kimberly sayins that a
rumor is being circulated in those places
to the effect that the natives captured Fort
Salisbury, killed and mutilated fifty white
inhabitants and smashed the Maxim guns
in the place.
The foregoing report, however, lacks
confirmation, as do the rumors recently
current that Fort Salisbury, which has
been hard pressed by the natives, has
been relieved. There has been much fight
ing in various places in the disturbed dis
trict in the last few days.
Burnham, tbe American scout, found in
a cave in the Matoppo hills the famous
Matabele god Mlimo, the prompter and
fosterer of the outbreak, and vainly tried
to capture Mlimo alive, but, being unable
to do so, killed him. It is believed that
the death of their god will discourage the
natives and lead to the suppression of
the revolt.
FOUR 11 VSUUEIi SI.AIS.
Many Armenian* Put to Death During
the Outbreak at Fan.
CONSTANTINOPLE.Tukkey, June 24.—
Advices received here from Van, A3"a
Minor, say that in the outbreak which oc
curred there on Monday 400 Armenians
were killed and that the trouble was re
newed yesterday. A large number of
persons nave taken refuge in the con
sulate. ____________
WITTES AHEAD OH lIME.
The Transcontinental Bicycle llecord in
Danger.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V., June 24.—
John A. Wittes, who is riding from San
Francisco to New York in an effort to beat
the record of 47 days and 19 hours, arrived
in Poughkeepsie last night at 10:10
o'clock. He left San Francisco on May 14
at 3:45 p. m., and is about eight days ahead
of time. Titus and Chase met him here
on a tandem and will pace him to New
York, leaving about 3 A. M.
Wittes on his arrival went to bed at the
Morgan House. He was splashed with
mud, covered with dust, tne skin was
peeling off his face and he was thoroughly
tired out.
"I have had a hard trip," be said, "but
I don't care if 1 can only make New York
ahead of time. I reached Ogden in 10
days and 18 hours, and made my fastest
time between Omaha, Nebr., and Ham
mond, Ind., which is just over tne line.
The distance is between 600 and 700 miles,
and I covered it inside of live days/
Wittes is a young mats of medium height
and athletic build. He expects to arrive
in New York about 10 o'clock this morning.
STREET RAILWAY LOOTED.
Indianapolis Financiers Make
Some Peculiar Business
Moves.
Millions of Dollars Lost to the Stock
holders of a Prosperous
Company.
CHICAGO, 111., June 24.— A special
from Indianapolis says: The long expected
sensational exposure in the alleged wreck
ing of the Indianapolis Citizens' Railway
Comrany cume yesterday, when the law
yers for the frozen-out stockholders issued
a statement to the holders of 50,000 shares
in Chicago, Pittsburg, Philadeh>hia and
New York, saying that the present man
agement should be called on at once to
account for $7,813,000 in stocks, bonds,
cash and floating debt.
The circular yays that after careful in
vestigation the lawyers can find no trace
of 14,000,000 out of a $5,000,000 issue of
stock ; $3,0U0.000 out of a $4,000,000 bond
issue; $513,000 in net receipts during the
last tii'ee years, nor for what purpose
$3,000,000 of" floating debt addittonwas re
quirea uuring the same time.
The circular shows that Verner & Mc-
Kee, who purchased the plant from Sam
uel W. Allerton three years a o for $3,225,
--000, owned a controling interest, becoming
directors and dictating the policy; that
they have unloaded all but 1281 shares of
their holdings, yet they still retain con
trol of the directory and refuse to make an
accounting.
The board of directors now holds but
2040 share?. The shares have fallen from
175 to 26)^ i' 1 the mean time, and the
charge is made that some one ba* been en
deavoring'to make a good coup at the ex
pense of the company.
From the statement of President Mason
it is learned that the receipts have been
$171,000 annually above all expanses and
that now, with $513,000 net profits in three
years, there have been no dividends and
no statement i-sued by the directors.
When Verner & McKee secured tne roa<l
its stock was increased to $5,000,000 and
a bonded mortgage placed on it for
$4,000,000.
The stockholders say the step taken yes
terday will lead to an investigation that
will expose one of the boldest schemes to
unload stock and freeze out the pur
chasers that has been attempted in recent
years. The enormous profits were held
out to investors who bought tbe stock un
til it fell to 50 as a gilt-edged invest
ment. Since then different rumors hava
caused purchasers to ignore the stock and
the price ha* been gradually dec-lining.
Solid
Is the basis upon which Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla builds up the health. Unlike opiates,
narcotics and nerve stimulants, Hood's
Sarsaparilla builds permanent strength
upon rich, red blood, vitalized and vigor-
ous, loaded with nourishment for nerve;}
and muscles. Hood's Sarsaparilla perma-
nently cures scrofula, catarrh, rheuma-
tism, nervousness ana weakness, because
it purifies and enriches the blood.
"I have been a sufferer with sick head-
ache nearly all my life, and have also been
troubled with diseases peculiar to women.
I havb taken a number of bottles of Hood's
Sarsaparilla and have derived benefit from
it. I nave also been relieved of saltrboum,
and hives by Hood's Sarsaparilla, and it
has given me a good appetite." MRS.
CHAS. COYNER, Pleyto, Cal.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— fact the One True Blood Pnrifler.
V\e\r\f\ 'c Di llc the beBt mil eathartio
nOOCI S rlllS and liver stimulant. 'Zoo.
CORRECT NARROW TREAD
PATENT REINFORCED FRAMES
PIERCE PERFECT BEARINGS
PATENT BOTTOM BRACKET
ARE FEATURES OF
Compare a Pierce point by point
with other wheels with which you
are familiar. The Pierce likes this
kind of comparison.
$75 and $100.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST. AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. SACBAMENTO,ENGLAND TO SEEK
UNCLE SAM'S AID,
Will Soon Request the
Good Offices of This
Country.
ARREST OF HARRISON.
The Action of Venezuela in
Making a Crown Surveyor
a Prisoner.
STEPS TOWARD ARBITRATION.
An Interesting Acknowledgment Re
lating to Disputes on American
Territory.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jane 24.-As
soon as Secretary Olney returns to the
State Department, and he is confidently
expected to-morrow, he will receive from
Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British Em
bassador, a request from the British Gov
ernment to use his good offices with
Venezuela to secure the release from im
prisonment of Crown Surveyor Harrison,
who is represented to have b«en arrestt d
by Venezuelan police while he was en
gaged in constructing a road connecting
the Barima and Cuyuni rivers in the dis
puted territory.
This action of Great Britain is consid
ered in diplomatic circles a radical de
parture from the usual ultimatum methods
hitherto practiced on American republics,
and much significance is attached to this
tact as probably indicating the consider
able progress made toward an arbitration
agreement and the practical acknowledg
ment that the United States is a party in
interest in the Venezuelan dispute as well
as in future controversies regarding terri
tory on the American continent.
While it is universally agreed that the
new incident is exceedingly unfortunate
just at tins juncture there is croat diversity
of opinion in tiling the blame. Even the
British Government has the most indefi
nite knowledge of the exact locality where
the arrest took place, although it is
claimed that the surveying party had no
authority to go outside of the territory oc
cupied exclusively by English for the past
ten years.
The Venezuelans, however, find consid
erable satisfaction in the knowledge that
Great Britain will appeal to Secretary
y as indicating that it is not of so se
rious a nature as at first apprehended.
They place the whole blame for what has
occurred on Joseph Chamberlain's ag
gressive foreign policy. They point to the
fact that under aate of DecemDer 19, 1894,
they complained to Secretary Gresham of
the proposed road udoii which Surveyor
Harrihon was employed and called atten
tion to the fact that as the route lay in
Venezuelan territory a conflict would be
unavoidable, The appeal was effective for
the time being.
Ths road was abandoned until August
of last year, when the Secretary of State
for tne Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain,
sent to British Guiana his demand for the
colonies to raise funds for machine guns,
an increased police force and the construc
tion of the Baiima road. This was re
sisted by the Colonial Legislature, with
the exception of defense armament, until
the arrival of the new Governor from Eng
land a few months ago, when they were
induced to appropriate for a survey of the
road.
Venezuela r.ow claims that the responsi
bility rests wholly with Great Britain after
the warning sent to the Foreign Office
through colonial as well as through United
States channels. It is contended at the
legation here that the Venezuelan authori
ties who made the arrest must of necessity
liave been in their own territory, a3 they
are not permitted to cross the frontier
under any circumstances.
The two English posts are on the right
bank of the Cuyuni and the left bank of
the Amacura. Those of Venezuela are
directly opposite them, and this status quo
has been rigidly observed by the Vene
znelans. In their opinion Harrison must
have been arrested within the Venezuelan
line, and only after a warning to keep out.
The Venezuelans to a man, also, are
aware that they have everything to gain
by peaceful methods, and it is incredible
to their friends here that they could have
so disobeyed orders as to break the status
quo. It is said, however, that if Secretary
Olney calls on Venezuela in response to
(ireat Britain's request a full report
of the affair will undoubtedly be forth
coming as soon as the Caracas authorities
can investigate.
CORNELL FRESHMEN WIN.
An Exciting Four-Cornered Rowing Race in
Which Very Fine Sporf Is Wit
nessed.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N. V., June 24.-
Cornell's freshmen won the four-cornered
freshmen race this afternoon, defeating
Harvard by one and a quarter lengths in
10 minutes and 18 secouds.
Harvard was three-quarters of a length
in front ol Pennsylvania, while Columbia,
which was never dangerous, was beaten
over ten lengths.
Columbia and Harvard got slights the
best of what was only a fair start. Cornel!
gettinr off third, while the University of
Pennsylvania got away very badly.
Pennsylvania made up leeway quickly
and to the half-mile mark it was a desper
ate race tor the lead between Cornell and
Harvard with Pennsylvania rapidly clos
ing the gap.
At the half-mile the Harvard boat's nose
was just in front of Cornell, Pennsylvania
was hanging on the stern of the red and
white and Columbia was laboring in dis
tress a length in the rear of the Quakers.
Off Pennsylvania's quarters a cheer
from the Ithacan delegation announced
that Cornell had shot in front of the
crimson. Faster and faster the Cornell
shell shot throuirh th • water as Carter
quickened the stroke.
Nearing the bridge Pennsylvania
spurted. Going under the bridge the or
der was: Cornell clear of Harvard's can
v;ts; University of Pennsylvania lapped
on the crimson, and Columbia coming
hopelessly four lengths astern.
Then a nest ' Prate race commenced. Inch
by inch the Quakers gained on Harvard,
until a half a mile fron> home the two
were level and going after Cornell. Oppo
site the Cornell ijoatiiou&e the Cornells
were a clear length in front of Pennsyl
vania and Harvard, who were rowing bow
and bow in a desperate race.
The Harvard coxswain shouted at his
men for a final effort. Cornell swept to
the finish line a length and a quarter
ahead of Harvard, who were three-quart
ers of a length in front of the Qnakers.
Columbia came in completely played out
ten lengths behind.
The time ia as follows: Cornell, 10:18;
Harvard, 10:22; Pennsylvania, 10:25>£;
Columbia, 10:51.
THE RACING RESULTS.
Splendid Harness Contests at Pactolus
lark Yesterday.
RED OAK, lowa, June 24.— The splendid
sport at Pactoius Parti to-day was wit
nessed by 2000 people. The weather was
fine, the track fast and the horses game.
Pretty finishes were the rule, and every
heat of the day was faster than the class.
The best trotting time of the season was
made. The 2:19 pace was an especially
hot race, requiring seven heats to decide
it, with the horses prettily bunched in
every heat.
Pacing, 1:19 class, purse $1000, Idler won,
Radius second, Ira Band third. Best time,
2:13' 4 .
Troiting, 2:12 class, purse $1000, Kentucky
Union won, Pat L second, Bertie R third. Best
time, 2:io»i.
Trotting. 3-minute class, purse $1000, Ella
Ca'.houu won, ElvaG. Medium second, Mohican
third. Best time, 2:19.
CHICAGO. 111., June 24.— T0-day's re
sults at Sheffield:
Seven furlongs, Lady Rose won, Mollie King
second, Ben Hur third. Time, I:29 : >^.
Four and a half furlongs. Zamar II won,
Si.-gfried second, Tom Anderson third. Time,
:55'.,.
Six furlongs, Doctor G won, Serena second.
Sunny third. Time. 1:14 V
Seven furlongs, imp. Full Measure won,
Eagle Bird second, Outgo third. Time, 1:29.
Mile and a quarter, hurdle, My Luck won,
St. Brandon second, Hercules third. Time,
2:173£.
Six furlongs, Caesarian won, Simmons sec
ond, Teragnes third. Time, 1 :14.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 24.— T0-day's re
suits at Sheens head Bay: Five and a half fur
longs, Margrave won, Rubicon second, Agita
tor third. Time, 1:07.
Five furlongs. George Kessler won. Golden
Dream second, Fratello Jhird. Time, 1 :0 i%.
One mile, Lehman won, Dutch i-kaier sec
ond. The Swain third. Time, 1 :43.
Seven furlongs, Requittal won, Oracle sec
ond, Palmerston third. Time, 1:30 1-5.
Five furlongs. Nina Louise won, Marsh Har
rier second, Stachelberg third. Time, 1 :04.
One mile and a sixteenth, Jefferson won,
Doggett second, Domingo third. Time, 1 :55 1-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 24.— T0-day's results:
Six furlongs, Romance won, Foreseen second,
St. Augustine third. Time, 1:17.
Six furlongs, Bertha won, Roundelay second,
Denver third. Time, 1:16?^.
Five and a half furlongs, Aquinas won,
Goose Liver second, Algeo third. Time, 1:12.
Six lurlongs, Sligo won. David second,
Leader Ban third. Time, 1:15.
.•mx furlongs, Aco won, Constantine second,
Johnny McHale third. Time, 1:16.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June 24 —To
day's results: Five furlongs, Fortunate won,
Abe Furst second, Traveler third. Time,
1:(Hi.,,.
Six furlongs, Double Quick won, Trilby
second, Crumbauph third. Time, 1:17%.
Five and a half furlongs, Orion won, Captain
Pear&all second, Ben Brown third, lime,
One and three-sixteenth miies, Paul Pry won,
Ben Holladay second. Time, 2:10. Only two
starters.
One and a sixteenth miles, Stowaway won,
Rev del Mar second, Say On third. Time not
taken.
£ix furlongs, Strathreel won, Mattie Lee
second, Chicot third. Time, 1:18' i.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Scores of Yesterday's Games in Eastern
Cities.
BOSTON, Mass., June 24.— Two runs behind
in the ninth, Boston won out in good style.
Tenny's fielding and batting were tne features
of the game. Attendance, lsoo. Score: Boston—
8, 14, 6; Brooklyns— 7, 8, 3. Batteries— Nichols
and Tenny; Daub and Grim. Umpire — Hender
son.
LOUISVILLE, KY., June 24.— A single by
j Cooley and Parrott's home run won the gsme
I for the visitors in the ninth inning to-day.
Cooley's batting whs the only leature. Attend*
anct\ 500. Score : Louisville— 3, 7, 1 : St. Louis—
4, 13, 3. Batteries— Hill and Warner; Breiten
stein and Murphy. Umpire — Sheridan.
CHICAGO, 111., June 24.— Failure to hit
'■ Foreman at the right time lost to-day's game
! for the Colls. Terry pitched a good game and
was given a fine support. Attendance 2000.
Score: Chicagos— 2, 13, 13; Cincinnatis— 4, 10,
■ 1. Hatteries — Terry and Donohue; Foreman
and Vaughn. Umpire — Lynch.
; CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 24.— T0-day's
; game was a hard struggle from start to finish
I and was replete with brilliant piays. Siensol
made a wonderful one-hand running eaten
which cut off two runs for Cleveland. Score:
Clevelands— lo, 11, 2; Pittsburgs— s, 8, 3.
i Batteries— Wilson and O'Connor; Hughey and
Merritt. Umpire — Weidman.
At Philadelphia— Philadelphia-Baltimore—
, No game; wet grounds.
At New York— New York-Washington — No
• game; rain.
ISLE OF MAN YACHT RACES.
Contest for the Howard Gould Cup Won
by the Saint.
LONDON, Exg., June 24.— The Ailsa,
Britannia and Satanita started in the
Douglas (Isle of Man) regatta this morn
ing, over a fifteen-mile triangular course,
three times around. The Saint, the Peni
tent and Niagara started in a race for the
Howard Gould cup. The race for twenty
raters was won by the Saint,whicb finished
8 minutes ahead of the Penitent, the
Niagara last.
The Niagara entered a protest against
the Saint and the Penitent upon the
ground that they sailed a shorter course
than the Niagara did. The protest is
likely to be sustained.
Tue other ra ce was won by the Satanita,
Ailsa second, Britannia last.
MIGHTS CLOSE CRICKET.
English Beat the Australians in Inter
national Contest.
LONDON, Exc, June 24.— The cricuet
match which was begun on Monday be
tween the English picked team and the
Australians was ended to-day, the English
team winning by six wickets.
MANY SEATS COLLAPSED.
A Score of Prominent Persons Injured
During a Society Circus
Performance.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 24.— General
Alfred Orendorf, the well-known Illinois
politician, Postmaster Reddick Ridgely
and nearly a score of other people promi
nent in society circles here, were seriously
injured to-night by an unfortunate ac
cident which occurred at a "Society cir
cus," given on the lawn at th« residence
of Mr. and Mrs. James T. Jones.
The preparations for the affair were on
an elaborate scale. Seats had been built
in tiers, resembling a regular circus. They
were packed with people and a few min
utes before the performance was to begin
the seats nearest the street collapsed with
out warning, precipitating the occupants
to the ground.
Quite a serious panic ensued. Medical
aid was quickly summoned and all the in
jured were removed to their homes, where
they are being cared for. The most seri
ously hurt besides the ones named above
are Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Brainerd, Mrs. E.
W. Dana and Mrs. J. L. Hudson.
The injuries range from slight cuts and
bruises to broken limbs and injured
spines. It is not thought any of the in
jured will die.
»
Knights of St. John Meet.
DAYTON, Ohio, June 24. —The eigh
teenth annual convention of the Knights
of St. John opened here to-day with an
attendance of several thousand members
of the organization. The gathering is the
last annual convention that will be held
by the order, as the new constitution pro
vides only for conventions of State com
manderies.
Iteclined lo Admit Women.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 24.— The North
American Turnerbund this afternoon de
clined lo admit women to membership by
a vote of 218'^ to 163)^. The convention
adjourned «toi\ m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
OLYMPICS IN THE
WEBFOOT STATE,
Given a Royal Reception
on Their Arrival at
Portland.
GREAT SPORT EXPECTED
Preparing for the Most Interest
ing Contests in the Coast's
History.
BROWN LOWERS HIS RECORD.
The California Sprinter Covers a Mile
in 4:34 and Was Simply Out
for Exercise.
PORTLAND, Or., June 24.— A party of
seven tanned and lusty-looking young
men from the famous Olympic Club of San
Francisco arrived in Portland this morn
ing on the Shasta special over the South
ern Pacific.
The athletes are quartered at the Port
land Hotel and this afternoon they are
loosening up their muscles from the effects
of the long ride. On to-night's steamer
from California two more members of the
athletic team will arrive, they choosing to
take advantage of a sea voyage.
The members of the team are: R. W.
Edgren, W. C. Patterson, John Brunton,
P. M. Wand, F. R. Butz. D. E. Brown, M.
H. Collins and C. T. Krelling, the latter
two to arrive on the steamer. Beside these
there are Captain Leonard Gill, who is
managing the team, and W. R. Misner,
one of the stanch supporters of the
Olympic team, who comes in the capacity
of official chaperon and rooter for the vis
itors'success. The financial end of mat
ters is looked after by A. Acheson. The
boys are all well and report a fine trip.
The party was met at the depot by a
committee composed of B. F. Stevens,
John F. Logan, H. E. Judge, Rodney
Glisan and Louis J. Goldsmith of the
Multr.omah Club, which will entertain the
visitors until Saturday, when the most
notable athletic contest between the ath
letes of the North and South Pacific Coast
that has ever been seen yet will be held.
Judging from the widespread interest felt
in the games no previous meeting of the
Californians and Oregonians has ever been
by half so important.
The visiting athletes will be tendered a
reception to-night by the Multnomah
Club. Joseph N. Teal will welcome the
visitors in a speech and an informal pro
gramme will follow. A large number of
weli-known ex-Californians have arranged
to make the Olympic members' stay in
the city as pleasant as possible. If the
visitors are allowed their preference in the
arrangement of the programme, as usually
the visiting team is, the half mile will be
last on the programme. Dave Brown will
run in this event, and if the Olympic cap
tain finds that they need the points Brun
ton will run in this with him. Brown may
run the mile by himself, and the captain
says of him:
••\ou will miss a fine exhibition if you
don't see Brown run. He is the best man
on the coast and holds the record at 4:36.
He has a magnificent stride. In a trial
feat by himself last Saturday he made it
in 4:34."
Large delegations of visitors from the
Corvallis Agricultural College, the State
University and the Willamette Univer
sity at Eugene will come to see the
games, besides hundreds from nearer
towns. In anticipation of this the agents
of all railway lines centering in Portland
have been notified to place on sale excur
sion tickets for the occasion. The tickets
will be good to return home on Monday.
On Saturday night there will be an espe
cially interesting exhibition at the Mult
nomah Club, when Krelling, the California
pet, wrestles with Greenland, the Multno
mah champion.
THE COLEVILLE RESERVATION
Will Be Thrown Open to Homesteaders
Within Forty Days.
PORTLAND, Or., June 24.— The north
half of the Colville Indian reservation,
comprising several thousand acres in
Washington and Idaho, will be thrown
open to homestead settlement within forty
days, according to Commissioner S. W. La
moreaux of the United States Land Office,
who was here recently with General Land
Agent MiUs of the Southern Pacific and a
party of friends. One of the principal ob
jects of Commissioner Larnoroux's trip
through the West is to consult with the
Surveyor- General of Oregon and expedite
the work. The party returns home via
California and Salt Lake. The opening of
this vast tract of land is expected to pro
duce a big boom for immigration to the
Northwest.
"The Colville reservation will be thrown
open in forty days from the time I return
to the East, provided the Secretary agrees
with me," said Commissioner Lamo
reux. "I hope to have a force of sur
veyors at work on the reservation within
a few days from the time I return. This
year $550,000 was available for the Land
Department, whicti sum is far in excess of
the usual amount, and will aid very ma
terially in furthering the work. The land
offices I have visited are in excellent con
dition. The work of cranting patents is
done more quickly and smoothly now
than evpr before. In several instances in
the Missoula office papents have been re
ceived in forty days, whereas it used to
take months and innumerable letters.
For the year ending June 30, 1896, the
number of entries filed will be far in ex
cess of those of the year ending June 30,
1895. I am informed that the number of
mineral land contests with the railroads
is less this year than ever before."
HANGED AT HIGHLANDS.
An Insane Patient Strangled Himself
With a Sheet.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 24 —
Albert Sibley, an inmate of the Highlands
asylum, committed suicide last night by
hanging. He took a sheet from his bed,
attached one end to the iron bars of the
window and tied the other end around his
neck. He then threw himself forward
and slowly strangled.
Sibley was committed from Ventura
County and was about 30 years of age. He
was considered one of the curables, and
had been on parole during a portion of the
time of his confinement. At one time he
was allowed to go home in company with
his mother. He imagined himself to be
Jesus Christ and was in the habit of
preaching sermons to those with whom
he came in contact. He came from Napa
when a transfer of patients was made to
the new asvluna at Highlands.
The Coroner this morning held an in
quest and a verdict in accordance with the
above statement was returned. The
asylum authorities were exonerated from
all blame.
ST. HELENA EXERCISED.
Story of a Farmer Who Imagines He
Has Setn Dunham.
ST. HELENA, Cal., June 24.— City
Marshal Johnson and Constable Spurr
are on the road north of Calistoga hunting
Murderer Dunham. At 11 o'clock to-day
James Dowdell, a well-known farmer who
lives a mile south of St. Helena, while
driving to town was passed by a man on a
bicycle riding very hard and carrying a
double-barreled shotgun. When about
thirty yards ahead the bicyclist dis
mounted, laid his wheel on the side of
the road and asked Dowdell for a ride in
his wagon. Answering an inquiry as to
the bicycle, the stranger said a boy would
come along soon and bring it to town,
and they rode off, leaving it in the road.
Dowdell noticed that the passenger was
very alert and kept his gun in a conveni
ent position. He said that he came from
Napa, but offered no explanation of him
self or his strange conduct. Arriving in
town he hurriedly dismounted and passed
on toward Calistoga.
Dowdell going home soon after noticed
that the bicycle was gone. Then he be
thought himself of the resemblance of
this strange passenger to Dunham and
hunting up his picture in The Call was
convinced that he was the much-wanted
individual. He immediately came to St.
Helena and notified the officers.
Constable Spurr noticed the man as he
pot out of Dowdell's wagon and recalled
that his features and general description
were very much like those of Dunham.
The suspect was seen this afternoon on
the Calistoga road, riding very hard.
When he passed through town he had on
a gray cap, no coat, light trousers, a sash
around the waist, wore large glasses and
looked worn and anxious.
A CITRUS BELT MYSTERY
Two Men Suspected of Murder
ing Edward White
Arrested.
Harry Hezekiah and Billy Van Horn
of Dogtcwn in the Hands
of the Law.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 24.— The
murder of Edward White, which occurred
in this city about a week ago, furnished
one of the greatest mysteries known in
the annals of crime in California. This
mystery, it is thought, has been cleared
by the arrest of Hariy Hezekiah and
"Billy" Van Horn.
Hezekiah is a teamster who resides with
his mother, at lf>l4 St. Janus street. He
was in love with Georgie Abbott, the
woman who was with White when he was
shotdown and had asked her to become
his wife. He has a running mate named
"Billy" Van Horn, a tamale-vender, who
holds forth in what is known as "Dog
town." Van Horn is a iate arrival from
Arizona.
Hezekiah was with the Abbott woman
the night before the killing. The night of
the murder, early in the evening, both
men were at Georgie AbbotCs house when
White called. Soon after White ana Geor
gie Abbott left. As they were passing
Hezekiah asked White what time it was.
White told him and then in company with
the woman came down town, finally bring
ing up at the Vienna Buffet, where they
remained until 10:30 o'clock. When they
left the place they were followed by Heze-
K';»h and Van Horn, who had also fol
lowed them from the woman's house.
The men tally with the description of
the two men seen by the private watch
man. Hezekiah was arrested Sunday night
and Van Horn was taken into custody on
Monday night.
Detective Goodman found in Van Horn's
room a large 4i-caliber Colt's revolver
with one empty cartridge. Dr. Bryant,
when examining the wound, said that the
buliet which went through White was
from such a weapon. This is not all the
evidence that Goodman has collected.
He has other important facts which will
only be disclosed when the men come up
for examination. The two suspects are
now in jail.
STRIKERS WIN AT LAST.
A Sew Mexican Judge Decides That They
May Not Re Blacklisted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 24.— A deci
sion of great importance to blacklisted
railway employes listed during the strike
of 1894 has just been handed down by
Judge Collier of the Second New Mexico
District Court at Albuquerque. The sali
ent points of the decision follow:
"It appearing to the court that because
of membership in an order known as the
American Railway Union certain em
ployes of the receivers having in charge
the assets of defendant (A. and P. Com
pany) refused to perform their duties as
employes and were discharged from the
employment of the then receivers, and.
"It further appearing that in the opin
ion of the court such connection should
not be considered a bar to employment by
the receivers if applicants aie in other re
spects proper persons to be employed, tne
court being fully advised, it is ordered ad
judgeii and decreed that hereafter in the
employment of applicants desiring service
with the receivers no discrimination shall
be made against any one because of -mem
bership in said union, or because of refusal
to perform services during said 'strike,'
and the receiver by this court is hereby di
rected to give all needful instructions for
the carrying out in good faith of this
order."
LOS ANGELES CLAIMANTS.
liro More Great Grandchildren of Micah
l>yer Discovered.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 24.— The
family and friends of Dr. Will C. Lindley.
brother of Hervey Lindley, found much to
interest them in the recent story printed
in The Call, giving an account of the
heirship of the children of -Mayor Davie
of Oakland to an immense spoliation claim
due from the Congress of the United
States and amounting to $55,000,000.
The money was paid by France and held
in trust by the United States for depreda
tions to private persons and property dur
ing the exciting years about the end of the
last century. It appears that the two
little children of Dr. Lindley, Henry Mil
ton Liadleyand Elsie S. Lindley, are great
grandchildren of Micah Dyer^ and stand
in the same relation to the millions as
the Davie children. They would share
equally with them in the distribution of
this great amount of money.
■",.:: ■ . ♦ — -
HEW MEXICO POPULISTS.
Desire to Co- Operate With the Democ
racy in the Interest of Silver.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., June 24.—
The Populist Territorial Convention was
heid here to-day for the selection of dele
gates to the National Convention. Nine
tenths of those in attendance were in favor
of some plan of co-operation with the
Democratic party for th# free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, and resolu
tions expressing that sentiment were
unanimously adopted.
Peace Restored at Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., June 24.— The militia
all left to-day. The officer in charge of
the detachment which left here was noti
fied that the presence of the troops was a
useless expense to tne State. All the fish
ermen have returned to work, but the
catches are gradually growing less.
SANTA CLARA IS
IN THE CAMPAIGN,
Activity of the Republican
County Central Com
mittee.
BENT ON PARTY VICTORY
Prominent Men Are Called To
gether to Devise Ways
and Means.
TIME TAKEN BY THE FORELOCK
No Stone Will Bs Left Unturned in
Battling for the Cause of
Protection.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 24.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee at a meet
ing this afternoon named over 200 of the
most prominent Republicans of the county
to meet at Grand Army Hall in this city,
Saturday, July 11, to devise ways and
means which, in their judgment, will best
promote the interests of the Republican
party in this county during the coming
National campaign.
The appointments were made"in answer
to a petition from prominent Republicans,
who desired a meeting to reorganize and
advance local party interests. Those
named are from all parts and sections of
the county, and include men of all call
ings.
The committee also adopted the follow
ing strong resolutions:
Whereas, The vital questions facing the Re
publican party this yeak admonish us that
timely organization in this county is impera
tive in order to adopt such means as will in
sure the polling of a full Republican vote at
the coming election; and whereas, we are con
vinced that the evil tendencies ana disastrous
results of the Democratic administration of
this country have become so manifest to the
people at large as to prove that in all efforts
to promote good Government, progressive leg
islation in reference to immigration and per
taining to monetary matters and general Na
tional security as enjoyed by this Nation prior
to the advent of the present administration,
the people's chief reliance must be in the Re
publican party and tne triumph of its princi
ples, and believing that "protection" is of in
estimable value to the general Interests of this
country, and that a return to such a system
will again enable our citizens, agricultural
and industrial as well as commercial, to enjoy
the fruits of their labor in a manner be
fitting Americans, and will again make pos
sible that high standard of prosperity which a
fostering care of our domestic industries made
possible in tne past, thus again elevating the
standard of our working people far above that
of monarchical Europe, and by and through
progressive prosperity still bcuer enabling us
to extend that liberal public instruction which
constitutes the strength, and glory of our coun
try, and which is tne foundation of patriotic
character and the talisman of our unification
in National patriotic sentiment and the conse
quent upward trend and purpose of our pec
pie.
And last, but not least, in order to avoid all
local jealousy and promote harmony of thought
and action and to best advance the general
interests of the grand old party of the immor
tal Lincoln, Grant and Blame, we now here re
affirm our allegiance to the principles of the
Republican party and invite the co-opera
tion of all patriotic men, without regard to
previous party affiliations, to organize and
maintain a County Republican Club in aid of
the success of the Republican ticket and Re
publican principles, which success we are re
solved to achieve.
THE PARKER WILL CONTEST.
Judge I'ate rnon Presents the Issues for
the Jury's Consideration.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 24.— 1n the
Parker will contest the entire forenoon
was taken up in argument as to whether
the will as a part could be declared in
valid, the attorneys for the contestant
having abandoned the attempt to break
the will, except as to the subsidiary legacy
given to Jane Pomeroy. The matter was
argued by Coogan and Patterson for the
contestant and Delmas and Spencer for
the respondents.
Judge Paterson presented the following
issues to be submitted to the jury:
Was G. H. Parker of sound and disposing
mind and memory on October 15, 1892?
Was the document executed by G. H. Parker
on that day procured to be made through the
fraud of Jane, Noah and Marshal Pomeroy!
Was the document procured to be made
through their undue influences?
Was G. H. Parker on April 28, 1893, the date
of the first codicil, of sound and disposing
mind?
Whs said codicil procured through the fraud
or undue influence of the Pomeroy's?
Was G. H. Parker on July 5, 1893, the date of
the execution of the second codicil, of sound
and disposing mind?
Was said second codicil procured to be made
through the fraud or undue influence of the
Pomeroy a?
Was Parker acting under an insane delusion
or the fraud or undue influence of the Pome
roys when the provision was made by which,
if Edward ParKer should die before his wife,
the trustees should pay over to Jane Pomeroy
half of nil the property remaining after lega
cies had been paid ?
Was G. H. Parker acting under the insane
delusion, the fraud or undue influence of the
Pomeroys when that provision in the will was
made making Marshal Pomeroy the residuary
legatee of the other remaining half?
Did the same influence exist when the other
bequests were made ?
The counsel for proponents asked that
the jury be instructed not to consider the
testimony of witnesses as to the mental
condition of George H. Parker, unless the
witness had given a reason for forming
such an opinion. They also wanted the J
question as to the soundness of Parker's
mind eliminated from the issues to the
jury, but the court refused to do so.
Judge Reynolds then took the matter
under advisement until 2:30 o'clock, when
he decided that no special part of the will
could be attacked, but that the will as a
whole is either valid or invalid. In decid
ing the matter, the court said:
I have given the matter the most careful
consideration. After examining the petition
1 can see nothing in it attacking one special
part of the will only. Any special issue must
be set up in the issue. To single out one por
tion of the will and say that the testntoi made
it under the undue influence of certain parties
or a delusion, while in making the rest "of the
will he was of sound normal mind, cannot be
done. The will is either valid or invalid as a
whole.
Attorney Coogan then beean the argu
ment before the jury in behalf of the con
testants.
Death of a Gilroy Ex- Mayor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 24.— John G.
Otto, ex-Mayor of Gilroy, died at his home
at that place yesterday morning. He was
well known in the southern end of the
county and prominent in Democratic
politics. He was a native of Germany,
aged 70 years. A widow survives him.
The funeral wilt be held to-morrow.
Political Equality Club Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. June 24.— The Politi
cal Equality Club of this city has elected
the following officers: President, Mrs. J.
H. Henry; vice-presidents, Judge J. R.
Lewis, H. V. Morehouse, Mrs. T. E. Beans,
Mrs. S. L. Knox-Uoodrich, Mrs. A. K. de
Jarnette; treasurei, Mrs. L. J. Watkins;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. E. O. Smith;
recording secretary, Mrs. M. B. Braly. A
mass-meeting in tne interest of woman
suffrage will be held in the near future.
Committed to Whittier.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 24. — Adelia Craig,
a 14-year-oid girl of Santa Clara, was com
mitted to the Whittier Reform School this
morning by Judge Lorigan. The girl's
stepfather, A. McCaslin, said she bad been
beyond parental control for the past six
years. She refused to go to school and
spent most of her time in the company of
young hoodlums. About a month ago she
ran away from home and went to Santa
Cruz with a boy named Will Smith.
Arraigned for Hiyhtcay Robbery.]
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 24.— John Clancy,
who snatched a silver watch from John
Hoffenbach at the Western Hotel yester
day afternoon, was arraigned before
Justice Dwyer to-day on a charge of rob
bery. His examination was set for July 6.
In default of $1000 bail he was remanded
to the custody of the Sheriff.
LAKEPORT'S CARNIVAL QUEEN.
Miss Hattie Manloee Elected. After a
Most Exciting Contest.
LAKEPORT, Cal., June 24.— Miss Hat
tie Manlove has been elected Queen of the
Water Carnival. The interest in the con
test was intense, and the rivalry between
the different candidates was at the highest
tension for some days. Extensive prepa
rations for the carnival are beine made by
the various committees. The San Fran
ciso and North Pacific Railroad has
made a special rate for all points on the
line. The regatta on the lake will be the
greatest undertaking ever attempted in
the county.
LAUNCHING OF THE TAHOE.
Baby Bliss Christened the Boat
and Lisped Its Pretty
Name.
The N w Craft Is Thought to Be the
Fastest of Its Kind Now
Afloat.
, McKINNEYS LANDING, Lake Ta
hoe, Cal., June 24. — Hundreds of people
gathered early in Glenbrook this morning
to witness the launching of the new
steamer Tahoe. The Meteor went to
I McKinneys at 4:30 o'clock a. at. and
i conveyed the guests across the lake.
' It was feared last nignt that the water
would be too rough for the launch
ing to-day, but toward morning the breeze
died down and the ceremony went off
without a hitch.
Glenbrook was a mass of bunting and
flags, as was the steamer and stand on
I which the exercises took place. At 11 A. M.
I the United States Inspectors arrived from
San Francisco and inspected the hull be
fore she went into the water. At 12 o'clock,
the hour for launching, Baby Bliss, aged
2 years, son of William Bliss, was seated
on an elevated stand and calling out the
name "Tahoe," let go the ribbon at
tached to the champagne bottle and
christened the boat. Amid booming of
cannon, screeching of whistles and music
of bands the pretty little craft slid into
the water and was towed outward.
Robert Forsyth of the Union Iron
Works arrived from San Francisco this
morning. Messrs. Forsyth, Gregg, Car
negie, Smith, Young and McKenna had
charge of .the construction. James Gregg
had full charge of the launching and it is
needless to say both the building and
launching were a grand success. Mr.
Eckert got up the specifications and drew
the lines.
Ecichert also drew the lines for the Me
teor, launched at Lake Tahoe twenty years
ago, and the fastest boat in the world of
its size at the time of launching, its speed
being twenty-one miles per hour. There
is no doubt the Tahne will show itself to
be the fastest of its kind on its trial trip.
It is claimed that the Union Iron Works
has laid out over $13,000 on extras, over
what the specifications called for. Too
much praise cannot be given the company
and its employes for the building of the
finest boat of its sort with machinery to
run it that has ever been floated. The
Tahoe is about 170 feet long by 18 feet
beam and of 1200 horse power. It has a
steel hull, twin propellers to turn 400 rev
olutions per minute, electric lichts and
all modern appliances. A dining-room
and all conveniences are provided for
guests. There is also a 4000-candle power
searchlight for use at night.
The old and well-known lake pilot. Cap
tain Pomine, will command the Tahoe,
and he has an efficient crew to assist him.
CONSIDERS HIMSELF LUCKY.
One of Fresno's Forty Thieves Sent to
Prison for Seven Years.
FRESNO, Cal., June 24.— E. E.Jeffords,
the young man who was convicted in the
Superior Court a few days ago on a charge
of robbery, was this morning sentenced
by Judge Carter to seven years' imprison
ment in San Quentin. The prisoner after
wards expressed himself as much sur
prised at the judgment, having expected a
mucn severer sentence. In passing sen
tence Judge Carter spoke as if he had
made it a heavy one, making a review of
the evidence and asserting that the crime
was deserving of severe punishment. Jef
fords belonged to the famous gang of forty
thieves of Tulare County and was con
victed of the charge of robbing a Portu
guese sheep camp near Selma last June.
PINE RIDGE OFFENDERS.
An Aged Couple Arrested for Illegally
Selling Liquor.
FRESNO, Cal., June 24. —Michael Burns
and wife, an aged couple residing on Pine
Ridge, were arrested last night by Deputy
United States Marshal Bart Alford on a
charge of selling liquor without a license.
A son of the couple and a man named
Chris Wolf have been conducting a saloon
in a teni near the sawmills of the Fresno
Flume and Irrigation Company. It is
alleged that the prisoners have furnished
means for conducting the saloon and have
a part interest in it. The Federal authori
ties say that this is the beginning of an
effort to put a stop to the extensive illegal
dispensation of liquors in the mountains,
the chief evil of these places being furnish
ing the "firewater" to Indians.
San Bernardino Accident
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 24.—
The ten-months-old infant of Mr. and Mrs.
Hans Aarup was playing in their yard
yesterday, and in some way fell into a
watering-trough and was drowned. Mrs.
Aarup had been watching the baby for
some time, when she was called into the
house. During her absence the accident
happened. When the child was removed
from the trough life was extinct. The
Coroner held an inquest, and the jury ren
dered a verdict of accidental drowning.
Serious Bicycle Accident.
SAN BERNARDINO. Cal., June 24.—
Miss Espy Castle of thiscity was seriously,
if not fatally, injured by a bicycle last
night. While riding rapidly her wheel
rolled into a depression on P^ street and
the young lady was thrown forward with
great force and" struck on her head. When
picked up she was unconscious.
Justice Field at Paso Robles.
PASO ROBLES, Cal. , June —Associate
Justice Field of the United States Supreme
Court, accompanied by his wife and party,
arrived here on a special train this morn
ing. -, :, ~ . .......
FATHER JAMES
CLEARY HONORED,
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary
of His Admission to
Orders.
IMPRESSIVE EXERCISES.
Presented With a Silver Chalice
by the Children of His
Parish.
FRIENDSHIP OF HIS PEOPLE.
Solemn High Mass Celebrated by
Archbishop Riordan of San
Francisco.
PETALTJMA, Cal., Jane 24.— T0-day
one of the city pastors was highly Lon
ored. Not with a grand display, but with
a feeling of reverence and thankfulness,
the parishioners and friends of Rev.
Father Cleary, the pastor of St. Vincent's
Church of this city, celebrated the twenty
fifth anniversary of the ordination of their
pastor and friend to the priesthood.
On Tuesday morning the little children
of St. Vincent's School presented their
pastor with an elegant solid silver chalice,
which they purchased in order to surprise
him. To-night the final scene was en
acted when a committee of young men
called at the pastor's residence and pre
sented to Father Cleary a testimonial from
the people.
The solemn high mass at St. Vincent's
Church to-day eclipsed any scene Hereto
fore enacted at this house of worship.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan of San
Francisco was present, with many other
prominent members of the clergy, and the
big edifice could not contain half of the
citizens who sought admission. All classes
and denominations were represented, and
the public turned out to honor Father
Cleary. In accordance with the custom
on such occasions, the latter was celebrant
at the mass. Rev. Father John Nugent of
St. Brendan's Church, San Francisco,
acted as deacon ; Father Cassin of St.
Rose's Church, Santa Rosa, was master of
ceremonies; Father M. Riordan of Menlo
Park was sub-deacon; Rev. Father Lagan
of St. Raphael's Church, San Rafael, de
livered the address and paid a glowine
tribute to the honored priest. His remarks
were iell of feeling, and were heartily ap
preciated by the big congregation.
At the conclusion of the solemn high
mas 3 Archbishop Riordan made a brief
address to the audience, after which
Father Cleary entertained his visitors at
dinner, and the afternoon was pleasantly
spent in a reunion and with congratula
tions.
Rev. Father James Cleary is a native of
Alienstown, County Wexford, Ireland.
After a completion of his schooling, en
dowed with a splendid secular and ecclesi
astical education, the young clergyman
volunteered for the California mission.
He has been engaged at his sacred duties
since 1871, the year of his arrival in Oak
land. For two years he was assistant to
Father King, and in 1873 came to P«ta
luma, where for twenty-three consecutive
years he has labored for the welfare of his
flock. Loving and beloved, he holds a
place in the affections not only of his own
people but of the community at large,
which places the reverend father in a posi
tion that is an enviable one indeed.
Tuesday evening's commencement ex
ercises of the St. Vincent's Academy must
have been a triumph for the father, for by
his efforts the school was erected, main
tained and reared to its present efficient
standard.
During the more than score of years
that the pastor has labored here he has
always been ready and willing to aid any
public enterprise, and his assistance has
been of great value to the city. The har
mony and accord which prevails among
his flock is but an echo of his teaching. A
gentleman of the old school, courteous
and hospitable to all alike, Father Cleary
is revered and beloved with a sincerity
that is touching.
It has often been the wish of his
superiors in the church to send Father
Cleary to otner and larger fields, but the
good priest was as eager to remain in Peta
luma as his people were emphatic in their
desire to retain him.
Father Cleary ib now in Mb fifty-fifth
year, and his hundreds of friends have
bnt one desire, and that is that they may
gather at his golden jubilee here in Peta
luma in the same church and amid the
sam c scenes.
EAGLESON&Ca
AT
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
74S AXD 750 M ARKET STREET, S.F.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
34
A GEM CITY OF
PUGET SOUND,
New Whatcom's Commer
cial and Industrial
Advantages.
ITS MANY ENTERPRISES.
The Rich Agricultural Country
Tributary to the Young
Metropolis.
COAL MINES NEAR AT HAND.
Where Capital, Backed by Experience,
Can Find Opportunity for
Investment.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash, June 20.—
One of the most northerly and yet one of
the most important ports on Puget Sound,
from a commercial and industrial stand-
BELLI.NGHAM BAY COMPANY'S MILL ON THE WATER FRONT OF NEW WHATCOM.
point, is Belhngham Eay, upon which are
located the twin cities. New Whatcom and
Fairhaven, the former having a popula
tion of about SOOO and the latter about
2000, making a total population of about
10.0C0 practically within one city.
Situated as it is nearly opposite the
Straits of San Juan de Fuca, surrounded
by laree natural resources for agriculture,
mining, timber and fishing; having three
transcontinental railroads as outlets for
domestic and inland commerce, and sev
eral lines of steamers, be^i ies sailing ves
sels, as an outlet for foreign and coastwise
traffic; with forty-five shingle-mills in
Hctive operation in 18ft.">, having an output
of 488,600,000 shingles; eleven sawmills,
with an output of 37,290,000 feet of cedar
a:id fir lumber; four coal mines, three box
and woodenware factories and eight sal
mon canneries, besides several other man
ufacturing establishments of minor im
portance located at this point, or imme
diately tributary thereto, giving employ
ment in various industries other than
agricultural to 3000 men, and having a
payroll during the same year (1895)
amounting to about $1,200,000, it may be
understood upon what the importance,
commercially and industrially, and the
prosperity of this place depends.
New Wiiatcom is not only fortunately
situated as an industrial center, but also
has the advantage of being the county
seat of Whatcom County, one of the larg-
VIEW OF HOLLY STREET, NEW WHATCOM, WASH.
est in the State; of being well located upon
one of the best harbors on the sound; of
having an excellent water supply from
Lake Whatcom. a body of water twelve
miles long and 600 feet deep of pure, cool,
freestone water upon a level 316 feet above
and about three miles distant from the
city; an extensive sewer system, electric
motor and streetcar lines, good public
buildings, a public library, the best of
grade schools and hick school, an active
and energetic Board of Trade, daily news
papers; in fact all the conveniences, pub
lic and private, found in our larger cities.
Besides this New Whatcom is so located
that, while the islands serve to break the
force of the ocean storms, yet it enjoys
the cool sea air and moderate, even tem
perature coming from the Japan currents
of the Pacific the year around, and the
Olympic Mountains situated almost west,
upon the western peninsula of Washing
ton, serve to precipitate so much of the
moisture coming from these currents that
the rainfall is only about half that nj tne
west coast, being about the same in inches
as in Chicago.
Agricultural iy there are about 300,000
acres of land adapted to this purpose, im
mediately surrounding or tributary,
through which 1020 miles of roads radiate
' from the city of New Whatcom as a cen
ter—sixty-one miles of which are graded
and planked, ten miles graded and grav
eled and 950 miles partially graded or im
proved. This area and territory, agri
culturally, is destined to become one of
the most prolific and profitable to the
orchardist, the market gardener and dairy
man in the world. Moderate, even cli
mate, the rich soil of the Nooksack River
bottom and the soil of the uplands, so
well adapted to fruit-raising, has already
brought the territory into prominence in
National expositions and the commercial
world.
When it is considered that nearly all of
this development— agricultural, commer
cial and industrial — has been made within
the last six years; that four years ago there .
was not a cannery in Whatcorn County
and the fisheries were almost unknown, nor
scarcely a shingle-mill in operation — not
even a road in the county over which a team
could be driven with ease — it may serve to
demonstrate what an enterprising, push
ing people can do to make a forest and a
wilderness, having rich native resources,
a hive of industry and a community of
happy homes and growing prosperity.
The development of these resources is
still in its infancy and capital backed by
experience can find every avenue open for
investment in Industrial interprises.
No longer are corner lots and specula
tion offered as a field of investment, but
active enterprise and industrial develop
ment.
SURROUNDED BY FLAMES.
Forest Fires Threaten the Mining Town
of Sandon, B. C.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 24.— As the
Spokane and Northern train left Kaslo,
B. C, for this city this morning, a message
came over the wire from Sandon, twenty
miles up in the Slocan district, statine
that the town was threatened with de
struction from the forest fires which sur
rounded it. A few minutes later com-
nmnication with Sandon was cut off, and
it is believed the fire has reached the line.
All day efforts have been made to re
establish communication to obtain further
information from the besieged town, but
without avail. Sandon is a mining camp
of about 200 inhabitants.
» _
PANARENANS LIKE McLACHLAN.
Flattering Reception Tendered the Con
gressman by His Conatituentt.
PASADENA, Cal., June 24.— The non
partisan, informal reception this evening
tendered Hon. James McLachlan, recently
returned from Washington, at the Hotel
Green, was a brilliant and flattering suc
cess. It was attended by s veral hundred
people, Los Angeles being largely repre
sented by members of the Young Men's
Republican League and others. Two
bands were in attendance, one stationed at
the street entrance, the other in the hotel
parloro, which were decorated with Na
tional flags and bunting.
C. M. Simpson acted as chairman, and
after an informal address, the guest of
honor was introduced by him. He was
welcomed by W. E. Arthur, Esq., who
made a stirring eulogistic speech, which
was received with tremendous applause.
Congressman McLachlan replied most
fittingly and paye a brief history of bis res
idence in Pasadena and his political ca
reer, which was listened to with interest.
Speeches and a general jollification fol
lowed, in whic i the popularity of "Our
Jim" was made prominent. The reception
was a flattering tribute to the genial poli
tician. In referring to the occasion Mr.
McLachlan said that he felt immensely
gratified at the spirit of friendliness ex
hibited.
SANTA BARBARA EXCITED.
Fifteen Armed Men Capture a Tramp
Supposed to lie l>unham.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 24.—
Considerable excitement was created here
this morning by the rumor that Dunham
had been seen in this vicinity and that a
posse of nfteen armed men had started
out in pursuit of him. An inquiry devel
oped the fact that a tramp closely resem
bling the murderer had been given em
ployment yesterday at the farm of W. S.
Parks on the Modoc road and had taken
French leave of the premises in the night.
Men started out this morning in pursuit
of the supposed murderer, overtaking him
on the railroad a mile or so out of town,
where young Orelia, a lellow-student of
Dunham at Santa Clara College, positively
identified him as the complete opposite of
the criminal and the sensation collapsed.
Proposed Sew Railroad.
CARSON, Nev., June 24.— A map of tbe
route of the proposed Utah and California
Railroad was filed in the United States
Land Office in Carson this morning. The
road starts in Milford, Utah, and strikes
Nevada in Clover Valley. It runs to
within thirty miles of Pioche, leaving Ne
vada after running through Lincoln
County. From there it runs through Cal
ifornia only. The company is a strong
one, with George Q. Cannon president.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 25, 1896.
LYMAN TRUMBULL DEAD
Illinois' Venerable Ex-Senator
Expires After a Brief
Illness.
A Companion of Lincoln and a Promi
nent Character in the Nation's
History.
CHICAGO. 111., June 25.— Ex- Senator
Lyman J. Trumbull died at an early hour
this (Thursday) morning. He has been
j very ill for several days,
Lyman J. Trumbull was born in Col
chester, Conn., October 2, 1813. He was
the son of Benjamin Trumbull, who was
a lawyer and legislator of renown in New
England. He settled in Illinois when a
young man.
In 1840 he was elected to the State Legis
lature when Abraham Lincoln was a mem
ber of that body. The following year he
was appointed Secretary of State. In 1848
he was elected a Justice of the Supreme
Court and served two terms.
In 1854 he was elected to Congres3 as an
anti-Nebraska Democrat. In February,
1855, before the opening of the Congress to
which he had been chosen, be was elected
United States Senator, re-elected in 1861
and 1865, serving eighteen years.
His Senatorial services were invaluable
in shaping legislation and sustaining the
administration during the war of the Re
bellion. At the expiration of his term of
service in the Senate he resumed the prac
tice of his profession in Chicago.
MONTEREY ELECTION FRAUDS.
The Grand Jury Hakes a Report of Jta
Investigation.
MONTEREY, Cal., June 24.— Some
time ago the Monterey city election frauds
caused so much excitement that the Grand
Jury took it in hand, and now, after a ses
sion of ten days, that body has made the
following partial report to Judge N. A.
Dorn:
In obedlance to your Honor's instructions
we have investigated the alleged Monterey
city election Jrauds. We have caused subpenas
to be issued for a great number of witnesses
and made as thorough examination of the
case as the infoimation obtainable permitted.
That the grossest frauds have been practiced
there can be no doubt, but on account of the
conflicting evidence and the many other
features in the cuee giving rise to reasonable
doubts, we find ourselves unable to connect
any person with the commission of the crime.
We trust, however, that with the asnisttinee of
the officers whose duty 1 1 is to ferret out crime
and the co-operation of the citizens of Monte
rey who are in favor of upholding the purity
of the ballot that when we convene again
there will have been sufficient and positive
evidence gathered to enable us to file an in
dictment.
WOODLAND ROMANCE.
Runaway Child- Wife Puraued by the
Brother She Bobbed.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 24.— Abraham
Shamon, a Syrian, arrived on last night's
train in search of bis sister, who, he
claims, has been missing from her San
Francisco home for several days. The
stranger was pointed out to City Marshal
Warren and he told the official that his
sister was but 14 years of age and that
when she disappeared from horns there also
disappeared a lot of jewelry and Oriental
goods which belonged to him. The Syrian
was informed that the missing pirl had
married a man by the name of Iyalil Saba
last Saturday ana that the couple were
now residing in this city. In company
with the official Mr. Shambn visited their
residence and a lively war of words en
sued. The brother pleaded with the sis
ter to return to her home but to no avail.
District Attorney Hopkins was consulted
and he asked the angry brother to
return to the metropolis and swear to a
warrant chareing the couple with stealing
the good*. Mr. Shamon heeded the ad
vice and returned to the City this morn
ing.
MENDOCINO'S TIDAL WAVE.
Waters Rise and Fall Several Feet With
out Doing Any Damage.
UKIAH, Cal., June 24.— A tidal wave
struck Mendocino City, on the coast of
this county, yesterday afternoon between
3 and 4 o'clock. The sea rose and fell some
seven feet beyond its level in mighty
waves, gradually becoming less. The
wave extended to a boom on the river one
mile from its mouth, where the water rose
tea inches. It is expected that the big
boom at the Mendocino sawmill would not
be able to resist the pressure upon it. No
material damage was done in consequence
of the tidal wave, although at tbe time it
occurred there was a ves3el under the
chute at Mendocino Point. A tidal wave
is a rare occurrence at that place.
FRESNO SUIT SETTLED.
End of a Long-Standing Controversy Be
tween Two Corporations.
FRESNO, Cal., June 24.— Judge Webb
to-day decided in favor of defendant in the
suit of the Fresno Milling Company
against the Fresno Canal and Irrigation
Company, which has been pending in the
courts for several years. Tbe canal com
pany entered into an agreement to fur
nish the ruilling company with water
power by means of a ditch which passed
through the city of Fresno. The munici
pality adjudced the ditch a public nuis
ance and filled it up. The canal company
was, therefore, unable to fulfill ita part of
the contract with the milling company.
The plaintiff company sued for twenty
cents damages on every barrel of flour
ground since the water power was dis
continued, amounting in all to many
thousands of dollars.
A suit brought by the canal company
against the city of Fresno fordamaees sus
tained by h'lline the canal is now psnaing
in the courts.
PORTLAND LEPERS.
Live on a Ranch and liaise Garden
Truck for the Market.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 24.— At police
headquarters last night was reported the
presence of two Chinese lepers now living
in an old hut in a vegetable garden, about
a quarter of a mile below Burelbach's old
crematory. An officer's attention was
called to them yesterday. He says that
one of the lepers has a scab on the back of
his head five inches long, and his body in
and about the armpits is a mass of cor
ruption. The other, though, is not so
offensively afflicted. These lepers are
living alone in the garden and are raising
garden truck for the market. They almost
daily visit this city and traverse the prin
cipal streets.
THEOSOPHY AT SANTA CRUZ.
Countess Wachineister Discourses on
"The Conscious Universe."
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 24.— Countess
Wachmeister addressed a good-sized audi
ence at Odd Fellows' Hall to-night on the
subject of "The Conscious Universe," and
explained many of the misunderstandings
that have obtained among theosophists
not in direct touch with the head of the
society concerning the schism of the
Judgeites. Countess Wachmeister held a
reception here this afternoon at Garfield
Park, and created a good deal of interest
among theosophical believers, resulting
in the formation of a San Lorenzo branch
of the Theosophical Society proper. The
Countess will return to San Francisco to
morrow to join her son.
THE BETEINVER LOSES.
Skipper Bogan Hill Have to Furnish a
Wine Supper.
TACOMA, Wabh., June 24.— The race
between the ship Dashing Wave, barken
tine Retriever and schooner Jewett, from
San Francisco to Puget Sound, beginning
June 7, is ended. The schooner Jewett
arrived at Port Townsena three days ago
and the Dashing Wave arrived in port to
day. This leaves Captain Bogan of the
Retriever to furnish the wine supper,
which the losing skipper was to pay for.
URIAH WOOL SALES.
The Price Jumps From Sine Cent* to
Eleven and Three- Quarters.
UKIAH, Cal., June To-day wag"
semi-annual wool-sale day at this place.
Ten hundred and forty-six ba> a, aggre
gating 275,842 pounds, "were sold at an
average price of 10% cents per pound. A
week ago the best wool was quoted at 9
cents and late to-day 11% was paid for the
same quality. This > advance in price is
attributed to the fact that McKinley has
been nominated for President.
Petaluma Preparing to Celebrate.
PETALUMA, Cal., June 24.— As an ad
ditional attraction (o the Fourth of July
procession the sub-committee of ladies
under the direction of Miss Nellie Egan
are hard at work arranging for a miniature
carnival, and have already selected a tiny
goddess with a retinue of attendants, all
to occupy an elegant float. President
Foster "f the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railway has entered his famous
Hungarian ponies to be driven by his
children. Freddie Hedges of Santa Rosa
has entered his black pony and dogcart,
J. H. White's children will have a pony
outfit, the daughter of Mark L. McDonald
will join, as well as others, making a de
cidedly attractive feature.
Geological Surret/ of Puget Sound.
SEATTLE, Warh., June 24.— Professor
Israel E. Russell of Ann Arbor University,
a member of the United States Geological
Survey, in company with F. H. Ilias
worth, also of Michigan, to-day began for
the Government a geological survey of the
conditions of Pu»iet Sound. Later he will
be joined in the work by Bailey Wilson of
Washington City. Professor Russell has
scaled the Alps and made an ascent of
Mount St. Ehas in Alaska.
Seattle Bepubliean Deserter.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 24.— Dr. G. V.
Calhoun, one of the World's Fair Commis
sioners and a Republican Presidential
elector of this State four years ago, to-day
renounced his allegiance to the Republi
can party, saying that the St. Louis con
vention had introduced "a new dogma"
and that he would not indorse it.
Railway Property Burned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 24.— The
Los Angeles Terminal railway roundhouse
was destroyed by fire at 4:20 this morning.
Locomotive 4, the first oil-burning engine
in Southern California, was destroyed.
Also a stockcar, a pile-driving outfit and
building. The fire caught from an engine
and spread to a hfty-barrel tank of oil.
The loss is about $20,000.
Residence Burned at Orlana.
ORLAND, Cal, June 24.— The residence
of J. J. West was burned to the ground
last night at 10 o'clock. A heavy north
wind was blowing at the time, but the
bucket brigade kept the fire from spread
ing to other buildings. Mr. West had a
small insurance on his household furni
ture.
He Had Detrhides.
UKIAH, Cal., June 24.-D. S. Hem
street, a stocK-raiser living near this place,
was to-day arrested by Constable G. W.
Hughes charged with having deerhides in
his possession. He was taken before Jus
tice Sullivan and after his plea of guilty
had been entered he was fined $20, which
amount he at once paid.
Clergyman Hies at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 24.—
Rev. Libertus Morris Van Bokkelen,
formerly rector of St. Thomas C hurch,
Mamaroneck, N. V., died here yesterday,
aged 33. The remains will be embalmed
and shipped East for interment in the
Van Bokkelen family vault.
* "Violet Etynge" Dead.
ABBURY PARK, N. J., June 24.— Mrs.
Adelaide C. Mitchell, wife of Henry W.
Mitchell of Brooklyn and a famous author,
is dead. Mrs. Mitchell wrote under tbe
norn de plume of "Violet Etynge," and
contributed to the Ladies' Home Journal
and other periodicals and newspapers.
She was 42 years old.
Hammond Sails for England.
CAPE TOWN, Sooth Africa, June 24.—
John Hays Hammond, one of the leaders
of the reform committee, recently released
from prison, sailed for England yesterday.
STORM EXAMINES
RAILWAY ACCOUNTS,
Government Official Look
ing Into the Central
Pacific.
FOB UNCLE SAM'S SHARE
Central Pacific First-Mortgage
Bonds of $3,000,000 Ma
ture July i.
ARE RENEWED AT 5 PER CENT.
Tte Railway Examiner a "Dyed-in
the-Wool but a Sound Money
Democrat."
Secretary Thompson of the Central
Pacific Railway Company had a distin
guished guest yesterday in Mr. Storm of
Washington, D. C. The visitor caused a
flurry in the executive department of the
railway company at Montgomery and
Market streets, for he had come all the
way from the National capital to make an
investigation into the condition and af
fairs of the Central Pacific Railway. He
is the special representative of the United
States Commissioner of Railroads, and is
now acting in hi> official capacity.
Mr. Storm will be here for several days,
during which time Mr. Thompson will
make his visit a very pleasurable experi
ence between spells of poring over figures
and statements in the railway office. The
Government official is s courteous and
genial gentleman. While talKing of rail
road matters yesterday he found time to
say a word about politics.
"I am a dyed-in-the-wool Democrat," he
remarked. "But yet lam a sound-money
Democrat. Don't ask me what the people
are saying in the East about money. That
is tbe great moral question that is agitat
ing the country. I believe that if silver
was introduced the purchasing power of a
man's income would be reduced by half.
So it would be a very bad thing for a man
with a set, steady income, Everything
would immediately go up in price, and
money would not be what it was."
Then Mr. Storm talked about railway
affairs, in which he was assisted by Secre
tary Thompson. He explained that he
was here to investigate the Central Pacific
Company so that the Governm nt would
get its due from the corporation as pro
vided for in acts of Congress.
According to the Thurman act the Gov
ernment gets 25 per cent of the net
earnings of the Central Pacific and pays
nothing for transportation over the road.
That is, the cost of carry ing mails, Govern
ment freight and passengers is credited
against the company's debt every year.
In 1894 the Central Pacific in this way paid
$699,000 to the Government. The fiscal
yenr ends December 31. and the annual
statement for 1895 is now finished and in
the printer's hands. It contains statistics
of the road's standing with regard to tbe
Government, regardine interest, net earn
ings. Government transportation, etc., and
Mr. Storm is examining those figures in
connection with vouchers and other docu
ments bearing on the accounts. In a week
or so it is thought he will have concluded
his task and then, armed with a report, go
back to Washington.
The issue of first-mortgage bonds of the
Central Pacific mature Juiy 1. They are
the second batch to mature, the first
having come due January 1 last, and they
amount to something over $3,000,000. These
were issued in 1566 as the Central Pacific
was in course of construction and now,
after thirty years, they face the unruffled
countenance of Collis P. Huntington.
It was learned yesterday that the fact
of a few mill on bonds maturing was a
mere trifle among railroad financiers.
"We have made arrangements," said
Mr. Thompson, "to extend tae bonds un
til 1898, when all the first mortgage bonds
mature. But this is being done at a re
duction in the interest from 6 to 5 per
cent."
With this reduction of 1 per cent on
$3,000,000 from January 1 and $3,000,000
from July 1, 1896, the Government will
come in for a materially increased slice of
the net earnings*
PACIFIC GROVE DEBATERS
Will Man Be Driven Out of
Business By the New
Woman ?
An Interesting Question Now Under
Discussion at the W. C. T. U.
Convention.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., June 24.— At
the meeting of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union to-day a very animated
debate took place on the question: "Re
solved, That Woman Suffrage Would
Drive Man From Business."
Mrs. N. B. Eyster, in the affirmative,
showed the increasing aggressiveness of
tbe new woman and depicted in strong
terms the deplorable consequences to men
if further facilities were granted women
to supplant them.
Miss Severance replied in vigorous
style, showing that the suffrage would do
more than anything else to make men
and women co-operative instead of com
petitive, arguing that the pecuniary de
pendence of women is the chief reason of
lower wages for them, which makes them
dangerous rivais of men in the labor mar
ket. Woman suffrage would tend to
equalize the wages of men and women,
giving equal wages for equal work, and
thereby prevent women from cutting
under the price of labor. In short,
nothing else could remove the present
difficulty, or restore so many women to
household duties who are now obliged to
take work in other fields.
Mrs. Grace Kimball spoke for the affirm
ative, and while she made some good
points there was enough of satire to make
her points tell on both sides. Mrs. Emily
Hoppin followed in the negative, picking
the arguments of her opponents to pieces
in good style, but Miss Severence closed
with a ringing speech that carried the
house quite away, conclusively proving
that the ballot in woman's hand would
not in tbe least threaten tbe interests of
men.
Mrs. Mary Frank Brown gave an able
address on social work, urging this depart
ment forward as a valuable educational
agency. Parlor meetings were shown to
be actively carried on in many parts of the
State. Ladies from several counties spoke
of their experiences in their respective
localities.
Dr. Mary Bell Mallory led a symposium
on the best methods to secure temperance
legislation, in which a number of ladies
took part with a degree of enthusiasm and
intelligence that proved their experience.
A grand concert was given in the even
ing.
STOCKTON BANKS.
County Assessor Making an Inquiry
Into Their Condition.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 24. — To-day
County Assessor Ortman began his ex
amination of bank officials of this county
for the purpose of learning whether they
have concealed anything when makins up
assessment statements. He is convinced
that the banks are withholding informa
tion, and proposes to put the officials un
der oath and make them tell just what
funds, solvent credits, etc,, were on hand
the first Monday of March.
The Stockton Savings Bank was the first
one examined. The rest of the banks aro
to be examined within the next few days.
The bankers are obeying the orders ot the
Assessor very reluctantly. At first the
representatives of the Stockton Savings
Bank refused to be sworn, but finally con
sented.
WASHINGTON POPULISTS.
Declare Silver to Be the Main Issue and
Protest Against Fusion.
TACOMA, Wash., June 24.— The plat
form adopted by the Populist party at
their convention to-day declared silver to
be tbe main issue, and protested against
fusion throughout the State. Chairman
Jenkins of the platform committee offered
the following resolution, which was
adopted :
We heartily congratulate Hon. Henry M.
Teller and his associates for their manly in
dependence in bidding defiance to the money
power of the country. We commend his con
duct to the candid .consideration of every
patriot in our land, and invite to the standur'.t
of the people's party every man who believes
with us in redeeming our country from the
thraldom of the plutocracy, and the establish
ment of prosperity and progress with the
people again.
SAN LUIS HUNTER'S MISHAP.
State University Student Painfully In
jured Through Carelessness.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., June 24.—
Marcel Cerf, a young man of this city who
is a student at the State University, while
on a hunting expedition near Arroyo
Grande, was shot by the accidental dis
charge of a shotgun. While attempting
to remove the gun from a wagon it dis
charged and tore away the palm of his left
hand, leaving the bones exposed, and also
lacerated bis right hand and thigh.
Commissioners Sail for Her inn Sea.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 24.— The United
States Fish Commission steamer Albatross,
with the Bering Sea Commission, ap
pointed to make an exhaustive study of
the life and conditions of the fur seal in
Bering Sea, sailed for the north this
morning. The Washington City members
of the board, Drs. Stufuneger and Lucas
of the Smithsonian Instiiuion. arrived in
Seattle, where they joined tbe other
American members, as well as the British
representatives, last evening.
1 nhti County's GodUt-as at Monterey.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June 24.— Miss
Nellie O'Brien, a young lady of this city, '
has been chosen to represent Yuba County
at the Monterev jubilee celebration. Miss
O'Brien is emrioyed in the po^toffice here.
NEW TO-DAT.
i GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand
| -CONDENSED MILK..
Has No Equal
SOLD EVERYWHERE
\ m Greatest Highest Smallest 8
eg Quantity. Quality. Price._ S
jgj The largest piece of strictly &j
m high grade tobacco ever sold for m
jfl the price. Not the large size of M
» the piece alone that has made %
$ "Battle Ax" the most popular 1
5 brand on the market for JO cents, 8
QUALITY; SIZE; PRICE. 1
"THRIFT IS A GOOD REVENUE." GREAT
SAVING RESULTS FROM CLEAN-
LINESS AND
SAPOLIO
"FEEL
TIRED
f
JT IS ALWAYS THE SAME WHEN I
x lay me down to sleep I feel tired; when
I arise I feel tired. Now lam unable to
collect my thoughts, I feel confused, I am
irritable, I lack that vigor that I was wont
to have. No wonder lam desponient, no
wonder I am nerveless, no wonder I de-
spair. A man feeling tired all the time
I gets weary of life." These are the words
of a young man who
WAS
DEBILITATED
He suffered from Nervous Exhaustion
and its attendant train of troubles. He
could sleep only "in winks and nods; his
appetite was poor: his lips bloodless; his
eyes bleared; glimmering, flickering vis-
ions passed before him; he was a
MARKED MAN
Behold, a change has come over this
young man. He is a better man in every
sensrf of the word— better in health, in
spirits, in pocket, in ambition, in manli-
ness. Why? The answer is: He used the
great Hudyan remedy treatment. This
scientific discovery is the marvel of the
age, and rightly so. It is a man-maker.
Hudyan cures certainly. No fear of the
trouble recurring again. Hudyan is highly
indorsed by some of the leading people of
the Pacific Coast. ; ■.;.;:,
It cures Sperraatorrhea, Varicocele,
Drains, etc. You can get Hudyan from
the old doctors of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute and from no one else. If you really
want to know more about this wonderful
specific, you should call or write for
[ TESTIMONIALS ]
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
: Impure Blood, Copper- Colored— — :
! ;— i — Spots, Lumps, and the various :
| : symptoms of Blood Diseases, :
| : disappear by the use of the '.
; 30-day cure. Write for :
: BLOOD CIRCULARS ;
i nz
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.
48IRNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST O.\B TO EXAMISB
J- your eyes and tit tuem to spectacles and Ky»-
glasses with instruments of his own inventiuo,
whose superiority baa not Oeea equated. My tiu<
: cess has been due 10 iha merit* O( my wot*.
Office iiours— lii 10 4i: M."DO YOU DARE TO
CALL ME A LIAR?"
General Sheehan Demands
an Explanation of
Bartnett.
JEALOUS OF HIS HONOR.
Soon His Ire Cooled and Then
the Trial Proceeded
Peacefully.
T. S. WILLIAMS ON THE STAND.
Claimed in a Report That General
Sheehan Was Wasting the
Bank's Money.
The pugilistic spirit which at present
pervades the atmosphere has not only
broken out in the Police Court, but threat
ens to iuvade the sanctity of the Superior
Court as well. For a while yesterday in
the People's Bank suit before Judge Sea
well it seemed probabie that General
Sheehan's warlike spirit would lead him
to cause bodily pain and mental anguish
to Attorney Bartnett. The general is very
touchy about his honor and when the at
torney intimated that Sheehan had in his
possession a certain letter, which Sheehan
di nied having, the officer stopped twirling
his mustachiosand demanded an explana
tion of the presumptuous attorney.
At the opening of the court the ques
tion of admitting Attorney Bartnett's
amended complaint was argued before the
court. Judge Seawell, alter listening to
the argument, denied the motion to admit
the amendment and the aitorne y duly ex
cepted. Attorney Jamss Alva Watt was
recalled to the stand.
He gave a lengtny account of the pay
ment of the Lower Kings River Reclama
tion District claim. He had given the
money to W. E. Johns, who represented
himself as the agent of the district, but not
until Johns produced a receipt signed by
Judge Denson. In regard to the acquisi
tion and transfer of the bank stock, Watt
denied that he or Sheehan or Stone had
bought uji any
Stock had been transferred to Hardee,
Watt's stenographer, at Watt's instance.
Watt had no definite understanding
with Hardee in the matter, but had merely
told him in a general way that "it would
be all right." Altiiough Watt voted this
:stoek by proxy he did not consider him
self the real owner.
When the directors of the bank had fixed
Watt's salary tnev were aware of the
amounts that had been paid to him previ
ously. The salary was not considered ex
orbitant; in fact," several of the directors
had expressed the opinion that it was too
low. Watt himself declared that he
thought his remuneration was quite mod
erate considering the vast amount of work
he had done.
Watt had found great difficulty in get
tine; men to serve as directors on the bank
wheu he attempted to reorganize it. Watt
bad -*nde*Fored to get certain depositors
tv act as directors, but could not get the
necessary number. He was, therefore,
compelled to get outsiders, who were not
directly in the bank, to act on the board.
Mr. Watt requested permission to state,
in order to clear himself of certain insinua
tions, ihe amount of work he had done
while attorney for the bank. He told in
detail the various mrtters which had oc
cupied his time almost exclusively. Watt
had represented the bank in nearly two
score different cases, aggregating nearly
11,200,000. Although Mr. Watt worked on
this business harder than he had ever
worked before he found it necessary to
employ extra office help and outside legal
a^i.stance. In addition to woric on actu
ally pending actions Watt was called upon
for legal advice almost constantly by
Sheehan. Furthermore, he had to be up
at the bank on Market street a great deal —
in fact he believed he had spent two
thirds of his time there for a considerable
period.
At the opening of the afternoon Judge
S. C. Denson, the agent of the Lower King
River Reclamation District, was called. An
assessment had been made on land which
the People's Bank had a mortgage upon.
Denson urged the assessment as a prior
claim. He, however, came to an agree
ment with Dorn 6i Dorn, attorneys for the
bank, that both claims be paid pro rata.
The assessment was not made, and it began
to look as though it would not be paid.
Then W. E. Johns came to Denson and
offered to pay $1800 on the original assess
ment of $2532 14. Denson accepted this
offer and gave a receipt for the amount.
Denson supposed that Johns was a repre
sentative of the bank, and accordingly
pave him the receipt.
Ex-Mayor Ellert was put on the stand.
He said that Johns had come to him
claiming to be the representative of the
reclamation district. Watt did not ques
tion Johns' authority in the matter, as he
paid him the full amount, $2532 14, and re
ceived Judge Denson' s voucher.
E. J. Livernash was asked a few ques
tions acd at the conclusion of his testi
mony an exciting little passage-at-arms
occurred between Attorney Bartnett and
General Sheehan. Bartnett declared that
Sbeehan had in his possession a certain
letter. Pheehan declared that he had been
hunting diligently for the letter and had
been unable to find it. Upon Bartnett's
reiteration of his previous declaration
Sheeban, who' was standing close to the
attorney, demanded if Bartnett meant to
call him a liar.
Order was restored by the clerk and
Sheehan's choler having vented itself he
subsided.
T. S. Williams, who acted as director of
the People's Home Savincs Bank during
the most of 1895, gave testimony which
counteracted somewhat General Sheehan's
valuations upon the various pieces of prop
erty of the Dank. Williams had taken a
trip throueh Southern California in De
cember, 1895. examining the bank proper
ties. He found that Sheehan had ex
pended money ostensibly for the purpose
of renting the property, but upon exam
ination of the property Williams found
there was absolutely no call for expense of
any kind.
A report was made by Williams to the
board of directors in March, 1895, upon his
return from his trip in the south. Shee
han's estimate of the value of the Southern
California property was $498,000. Williams
?siimated it at $272,000. In this report
Williams says: "I do not think that the
management has been judicious and eco
nomical, and suggest that retrenchment
should be our watchword if we wish to
save anything from this wreck for ihe
creditors.' 1
T. Carl Spelling was questioned in re
gard to his services to the bank. He had
assisted Attorney Watt in his legal worK,
especially looking up statutes and cita
tions. At the conclusion of Spelling's testi
mony. Judge Seawell adjourned court
until 10 o'clock this morning.
Inspector Cleary Resigns.
Mike Cleary, the Customs Inspector, has not
waited to be dismissed. Yesterday he handed
in his resignation and Collector Wise accepted
it without a question or protest. With Dick
rt'illlaniß and Cleary gone Special Agent Moore
aas only one more of the suspected officials to
jet rid of. The person referred to Is Louie
Quong. It is believed around the Custom
house that Quong will not wait to be dis
missed, but will follow the lead of Cleary.
GAVE HER A BLACK EYE.
Policeman Monaghan Arrested for Bat
tery Upon His Wife.
Hugh Monaghan, sergeant of police, was
arrested yesterday morning on a warrant
charging him with battery and was re
leased on his own recognizance by Judge
Campbell.
The complaining witness is Mrs. Eliza
Monaghan, his wife. She applied for the
warrant yesterday morning and showed
Warrant Clerk Jackson a discolored right
eye in proof of the charge. The sergeant
lives at 1412 Vallejo street and is on his
vacation. On Monday when he went
home he called her vile names and beat
her. She ran out of the house to escape
further chastisement and when she went
back she found he had locked the doors so
that she could not get in and she has since
been living with friends at 1517 Post street.
She said he had been in the habit of re
turning home under the influence of
liquor and beating and abusing her and
sometimes expectorating in her face.
Mrs. Monaghan was a widow and Mona
ghan a widower when they were married,
about eighteen months ago. The marriage
was an unhappy one and some montns
ago Mrs. Monaghan applied for a divorce.
Judge Hunt heard the evidence and re
fused to grant the divorce. Since then
the bitter feeling existing between them
has been intensified and they have been
leading a cat and dog life.
FRENCH HOSPITAL.
The Staff Organized and tbe Equipment
Nearly Perfect.
The following communication has been
received:
San Francisco, June 23, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Si*'
We respectfully desire to inform your readers
through your valuable paper that we have now
fully compleied the organization of the med
ical staff of the new French Hospital, and
that we can claim without exaggeration that
our hospital is now provided with the best
medical service obtaineb'.e. The staff is con
stituted as follows :
Surgeon-in-chlef, Dr. H. B. de Mnrville: treating
physician. Dr. J. D. de Ihantreau; gynecologist.
Dr. Oscar Mayer; genito-urinary diseases, Dr.
Louis Bazet, formerly chief surgeon of the French
Hospital; oculist. Dr. Kaspar 1 ischl: nervous dis
eases. Dr. Leo Newmark; pathologist. Dr. Charles
Levison; visiting physician. Dr. J. E. Artigues,
who succeeded Dr. G. Gross, whose election was
recently decided to be illega by Judge Slack: den
tist, Dr. L. K. Brun; internes— Dr. A. J. Villain,
Dr. Joseph Rochex, Dr. Albert Stern.
O. Bozio,
President French Hospital Society.
Scene at the First Presbyterian Church on Van Ness Avenue During the Funeral Services Over the
POPULIST POLITICS.
No Congressional Nomination Will Be
Made Till After tbe National
Convention.
A meeting of the Fourth Congressional
District Convention of the Populist party
was held at 620 Market street last evening.
C. N. Harris presided and F. L. Browne
acted as secretary.
There were sixteen of the seventeen
delegates present for a conference, and
after a full discussion of the political situ
ation it was decided to make no Congres
sional nomination until after the adjourn
ment of the National Convention at St.
Louis. At a call for an expression of the
delegates present the name of Joseph As
bury Johnson was mentioned.
On motion the meeting adjourned to
meet at the call of the chair.
PAINTERS' UNION.
New Officers Elected— W. H. Wilson
Exonerated and Reinstated.
The Painters' Union held its annual
election of officers last evening, and the
following were selected:
President, L. A. Coffin; vice-president, A.
M. Beach, recording secretary, F. Busse; finan
cial secretary, C. E. Easting; treasurer, V. Me-
Avoy; conductor, A. Cheverria: warden, J. F.
Boone; sentinel, Harry Brown; executive
board— J. Griffin, Al Murphy and E. Fair.
Delegates to the Building Trades Council— J.
W. Bean, Al Murphy and W. Danielson.
J. W. Rose, the retiring president, who
is also a member of the recently organized
Paper-hangers' Union, was made an hon
orary member of the Painters' Union.
W. H. Wilson, who had been charged
with violating union rules, was exoner
ated and reinstated to full membership.
The Great Dry Goods Sale Continues
With Increasing Crowds.
The creditors' sale of the $85,000 stock of
the unfortunate merchants, James M. Moran &.
Co., 1009-1015 Market street, seems to have
stirred the dry goods buyers of San Francisco
in an extraordinary manner, as the rush of
purchasers increases every day, and the mag
nificent stock is slaughtered in a most un
merciful manner. It is a pity to see such a
beautiful stock of dry goods disposed of in
such a ruthless and merciless fashion. The
fortunate buyers, however, are not to blame
for grasping and taking advantage of such a
rare opportunity. •
Failure to Provide.
William Aston, a fireman, pleaded guilty in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday to a charge
of failing to provide for his wife and two little
girls. Mrs. Aston told the Judge that Mrs.
George O'Brien, a divorced woman, had en
ticed him away from his home and that his
mother had urged him to leave her. The Judge
ordered Aston into custody and to-day he will
appear for sentence.
Blew Out the Gas.
Osahilde Hori, a Japanese servant working
at 2700 Howard street, was found dead in his
bed yesterday morning. Death was due to
gas. Hori had recently come to the City and
it is supposed was not familiar with the work
ings of a gas jet. It is believed that he blew
out the gas and then retired, unconscious that
he had invited death into his room
Father Ferguson to Lecture.
Rev. Father P. Ferguson will lecture this
evening in Metropolitan Temple on "Exploded
Fallacies." The lecture will be delivered
under the auscices of the Young Men's Cath
olic Union. Admission will be free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
BURIED WITH DUE
MILITARY HONORS
Major-General W. H. Dimond
Has Been Laid to
Rest.
LAUREL HILL CEMETERY
Tributes Paid by Many Mili
tary and Civic Organ
- izations.
THE ENTIRE THIRD BRIGADE.
With Reversed Arms the Soldiers
Escorted Their Late and Be
loved Commander.
The funeral of the late Major-General
William H. Dimond took place yesterday
afternoon from the First Presbyterian
Church, the remains being escorted and
laid at rest with the pomp due his rank in
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
As early as noon Van Ness avenue from
California to Clay streets was crowded
with people, and it was almost a physical
impossibility for any more people to gain
admission to the church after the body
arrived.
The chancel was hidden from view by
I floral tributes. The general's staff sent a
! pillar of sweet peas over two feet in hight.
I The Third Brigade, N. G. C, sent an im-
Remains of the Late General Dimond.
mense shield of vari-colored pinks. George
H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., sent a broken
wheel of lilies and roses. The private
offerings required three wagons to convey
them to the grave.
The weighty metallic casket, draped
with the American flag, was carried into
church by six stalwart sergeants of the
Thini Brigade. Preceding it were Rev.
Dr. McKenzie and Rev. E. H. Jenks, as
sistant pastor of the church.
The honorary pallbearers, representing
military, social, civic and other organiza
tions in which deceased was most promi
nent, were as follows: Major-General Wal
ter Turnbull, retired officers of N. G. C. ;
Brigadier-General M. W. Muller, com
manding division; Colonel F. S. Chad
bourne, Governor's staff; Colonel A. E.
CastJe, division staff; Lieutenant-Colonel
B. H. Peppy, division staff; Major Han
sen, Second Brigade staff; T. H. Good
man, G. A. R. ; C. E. Wilson, Colonel W.
Edwards, Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights Templar; A. Cheeseborough,
United States Judge Morrow, H. G. Platt,
W. F. Good; Acting Mayor C. L. Taylor,
H. T. Scott, Chamber of Commerce; E. W.
Hopkins. F. W. Zeile, C. R. Bishop, I^natz
Steinhart, W. W. Montague, Board of
Trade; Colonel A. D. Cntter, George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R. ; E. F. Delger, Oc
cidental Lodge, F. and A. M. and J. D.
Nield, A. 0. U. W.
The immediate mourners, Mrs. Jarboe
and Mrs. J. Tobin, both daughter* of the
deceased, his two sons, Harry and Edward,
and his son-in-law, Joseph Tobin, followed
the casket.
After prayers by Rev. Dr. McKenzie,
who officiated, and the regular services
that reverend gentleman said:
"Words of eulogy could be fittingly
spoken on an occasion like this, but a re
quest is made that they be not prolonged,
but rather that they be short and few.
While we all know that on an occasion
like this there is a certain right of the pub
lic community to invade the privacy of
the domestic Dome, I will accede to the
request in so much as a brief eulogy is
concerned.
"It is not always words that express the
most. There is more than words can ex
press as a eulogy over the remains of our
departed friend in the presence here to
day of the business men and leaders in
every honorable path of life. This body
of citizens, leaving their places of business
at midday to Day their respects to the de
ceased, by their silence and sorrow eulo
gize the dead more than they could in
words."
At the conclusion of the church ser
vices the funeral cortege left the church
and was preceded down Van Ness avenue
to the cemetery by the Third Brigade
Band playing Chopin's Marche Funebre.
The entire brigade followed. Then came
Colonel Burns at the head of the Veteran
Guards, G. A. &. A corps of muffled
drums slowly rolled their sorrowful music
at the head of the Naval Battalion. Cap
tain Douglass headed the Veteran Fire
men.
The casket, draped with the American
flag, rested on the truck of a gun-carriage
hauled by six black horses.
General Dimond's unmounted steed,
draped in black, followed the remains of
his late master. Further back came pri
vate carriages reaching far in the rear."
At the end of Bush street General War
field ordered the military to form in line.
Captain J. Cunningham's Company X,
the special escort, fired three volleys as the.
casket was lowered into the grave.
During the obsequies the soldiers at
Fort Point fired a salute of thirteen guns
at intervals of ten seconds.
A BEAM GAVE WAY.
Frank Haskell, an Employe of the Fire
Alarm Police Telegraph Com
pany, Seriously Injured.
Frank Haskell, an employe of the Fire
Alarm Police Telegraph Company, living
at 9i& Stockton street, is in the Receiving
Hospital in an unconscious condition from
a fractured skull.
He and his wife attended the festivities
after the wedding of a son of Fire Com
missioner Edwards Tuesday night. At
an early hour yesterday morning, when
the company dispersed, Mrs. Haskell went
home with some friends and Haskell
started for his own home.
When he reached home he found that
he had not a Key with him, so he passed
through the saloon at 7 Stockton street
and climbed over the fence to his own
yard, tie was Climbing to the balcony
of his house when one of the beams gave
way and he was precipitated to the ground.
The people in the saloon heard the crash
and found Haskell unconscious.
Haskell was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, and an examination showed that his
skull was fractured and his left femur
broken. The operation of trephining the
skull was performed by Drs. Weil, Bun
nell and Kearny. Haskell is in a critical
condition.
Victim of a Runaway.
Robert Burns, 19 years of age, living at 1168
Fifteenth avenue, South San Francisco, met
with a serious accident yesterday morning.
He drives a wagon for John Quad & Co., Mar
ket street, and while on Harrison street, near
Steuart, the horse bolted. The wagon collided
with a truck and Burns was thrown off, strik
ing on his head. He was picked up in an un
conscious condition and taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that his
skull was fractured.
SUICIDE OF AN ENGINEER,
John Hooper of the Steamer Ex
celsior Jumped Overboard
at Sea.
He Was the Nephew of C. A. Hooper,
the Well -Known Lumber
Merchant.
Anotber lovelorn man has taken his
own life. He could not gain the lady of
his choice so he buried ii is sorrows in the
bosom of the ocean. He went about tbe
matter deliberately, and wrote a note of
farewell to all his shipmates. Then when
it came to his watch off he quietly walked
to the side of the ship and slipped over
board.
When the steam schooner Excelsior ar
rived from Unga yesterday she was minus
one of her crew. John Hooper, nephew of
C. A. and G. W. Hooper, the lumber mer
chants, had committed suicide. He was
young and well liked, and everybody on
the vessel bad tried to make things
pleasan t for him. Last year he finished
his "time" at the Risdon Iron WorKs, and
as he desired to become a marine engineer
he had to serve a certain length of time as an
oiler on a steamer before he could get his
certificate from the Inspectors of Hulls
und Boiiers. His uncles accordingly
put him aboard their steamer Excelsior
and on her the young man made several
trips. During the one just ended he was
moody and silent, confiding in no one.
Seeing that something was wrong with
him everybody on board tried to cheer
him up. AH their efforts were without
avail. It leaked out that he was in love
and that the relatives on both sides strictly
prohibited the marriage. This added to
the sympathy felt for the young man and
in consequence there was a general gloom
cast over the ship by his sudden dis
appearance.
The night of May 28 last young Hooper
was to have gone on watch at midnight.
He did not appear, and a search was
made. Every hole and corner in the
steamer was searched, and at last in his
bunk was found a letter addressed to Cap
tain Donaldson. In it he said he was go
ing to drown himself, and mentioning
the names of every one of the crew, he
thanked them all for the kindnesses they
had shown him. Captain Donaldson re
fused to discuss the suicide, and no in
formation could be gained at the office of
Hooper & Co. The young man was well
liked by all who knew him, and every
body will be shocked lo hear of his rash
deed.
The Excelsior came down in ballast and
brought as passengers Superintendent
Mayon of the Unga mine and his wife, A.
McKinney, ihe school-teacher at Unga,
and a miner. They all say that the mines
are doing well, and that everything is pro
gressing on the island.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
DISCLAIMED THE
TITLE "A. P. A,"
Hot Words Bandied by
Members of the School
Board.
DR. SOPER IS ELECTED.
Comte and Clinton Ask About
the New Director's
Affiliations.
SCOTT AND HENDERSON FIEM.
More Changes in the Names of
Schools — Transaction of Routine
Business.
At last night's session of the Board of
Education Dr. J. H. Soper was placed in
nomination by Superintendent Babcock to
fill the vacancy for the unexpired term
caused by the recent resignation of Henry
L. Dodge. A brief but brisk breeze en
sued.
"It is rumored," said Director Comte,
"that the gentleman belongs to the A. P.
A. and before voting I should line— "
"It doesn't make any difference," inter
rupted President Scott, "to what society a
man belongs, whether he is a Maßon or an
Odd Fellow. When he comes before this
body he stands solely upon his record as a
citizen."
"Dr. Soper," said Director Clinton, "has
assured me that he does not belong to the
A. P. A. — that treasonable society."
"I object," said Director Henderson, "to
these reflections upon the character of Dr.
Soper. The A. P. A. is not a treasonable
society and I call the gentleman to order.
His remarks are objectionable."
"Please suppress that jackanapes for a
moment, Mr. Chairman," retorted Director
Clinton. "The idea of bis presumption
in calling me to order, when he cannot
speak two consecutive grammatical sen
tences.
"I am advised that the Superintendent
has in his pocket an affiidavit from Dr.
Soper, denying that he is a member of the
A. P. A., and if so, I ask that it be read
before a vote is taken."
Preeident Scott ruled the readme of any
such affidavit to be out of order. The
roll was then called and Dr. Soper was
elected. Directors Ambrose, Barrett and
Carew voted in the negative, and
Directors Clinton and Comte explained
their affirmative votes by saying they did
not believe the gentleman was an A. P. A.
Director Henderson, in voting aye, took
occasion to declare that he was "a full
blooded American."
The excitement then suddenly died out,
and the routine business was quickly and
auietly transacted. Mary Fitzgerald was
elected a teacher in the department ana
assigned to the day substitute class when
a vacancy occurs. Miss Eva McKee, a
probationer, was also made a regular
teacher. Leaves of absence were granted
to Miss M. E. Fairchild and H. E. Whir
low. Several teachers were transferred
conformably to the recommendation of
the Classification Committee, and Web
ster's dictionaries were adopted for ex
clusive uue in the schools of the depart
ment.
Changes were made in the names of sev
eral schools as follows: Pacific-avenue to
Grant Primary, North Cosmopolitan to
Hancock Grammar, South Cosmopolitan
to Adams Grammar, Potrero Primary to
Irving Scott School, South San Francisco
to Burnett School, and Dudley C. Stone to
Dudley Stone School.
A resolution providing for the organiza
tion of the Teachers' Council was adopted.
Contracts wsre awarded for the furnish
ing of school supplies for the ensuing year.
The coal will be supplied by John Middle
ton and Thomas Morton; the school furni
ture by C. F. Weber & Co., the George H.
Fuller Desk Company and the Whittaker &
Ray Company, the books by Hough ton,
Miffiin & Co.; the stationery by Cunning
ham, Curtiss & Welch, the H. S. Crocker
Company, Payot, Upham <fe Co., and
the Pacific School-furnishing Company,
the maps by Miss Mane O'Brien. The
names of Le Count Bros., Banborn, Vail &
Co., Baker & Hamilton, J. Caire, W. W.
Montague & Co., and Holbrook, Merrill &
Stetson were also comprised in the list of
successful bidders for articles in their re
spective lines.
JOYFUL CITIZENS.
Residents of the Northern Section of
Town to Hnl I a Ratification Meeting.
The residents of the northern section of
the City are to hold a meeting under the
auspices of the North End and Kearny
street Improvement Association this even
ins at the old Y. M. C. A. Hall on Butter
street, ,nb:<ve Kearny, to express their
gratification at the action of the Board of
Supervisors in proceeding toward the ereo
tion of a new municipal building on the
site of the old City Hall.
This unsightly spot has long been an
eyesore to the residents of the northern
part of the City and they are overjoyed at
the prospect of its being covered by a
handsome structure. Able speakers are
promised at the meeting and an enthusi
astic demonstration is anticipated.
• — ♦ — • '
■fT Forthcoming Lincoln Club Picnic.
The annual picnic and excursion ot the Lin
coln Club (formerly the Morrow Club) will
take place on Sunday next at California
Schuetzen Park. There is a large amount of
enthusiasm over the project and a big crowd
is expected to attend. One of the features of
the outing will be a prize competition for the
nearest guess regarding a picture of a well
known belle to be published on the pro
grammes. Charles Cooper, John Gleason,
Adolph Wolf and Victor Casmajou will have
charge of the arrangements and assure a good
time to all. The club, of which Henry Martin,
the popular Native Son, is treasurer, is one of
the most prominent Republican clubs in the
City, ana that any enterprise under its aus
pices will be a success is a foregone conclu
sion.
*'■" '" ERY FEW PEOPLE
realize the extent to which substitution—
the fraud of the day— is carried. You will
have to learn, and the best way to learn is
to let the clerk talk and talk— he can do it
— he will do it. When he is exhausted
tell him you want what you want, and
that want is the genuine
w w^U[/*fetoto^
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: For a torpid liver and foul stomach
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla can't be
equaled. I make room for it in my medi-
cine chest. It acts nice in children as well
as the aged. Respectfully yours.
(Signed)
MRS. FLORENCE ROMAINE,
San Jose, Cal.
THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS
IN TAN SHOES.
vpLil J Jdfl
Ladies' Tan Boots, Button or Lace, very
latest style needle toe, V-shape tip, all
sizes and widths, at $2 15
Elsewhere $3.
$1,50
11 '. ~_^f : * A T^E*frri.. ijfr"" rc/*-^^»^
Ladies' Tan Kid Southern Tie, with tan-
cloth top to match, needle toe, V-shape
Up, hand-turn sole, all sizes ana widths, at.sl 50
I Jll fl i
Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-sbape tip, straight foxed.
Sizes stoB 75c
Sires BV2 toll 9fic
Sizes 11^ to 2 $1 15
A^wti
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows 1 Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
Shirt
Wastes
It's a waste to buy a shirt that doesn't
fit; it' 3 a waste to buy a shirt that isn't in
style; it's a waste to buy a shirt that
comes to pieces right away.
Avoid these wastes— buy "STANDARD"
Shirts. All dealers.
' TtradeT
I HARH I
&-\wj±.i:jsr>fs
IN RESPONSE TO THE DEMANDS OF MANY
of our patrons we have concluded to establish
a "Table d'Hote" dinner, beginning Thursday, June
28, from 5 to 8 p. v.. the price of which will be «L
The high s andard 01' excellence ilia t we have so
carefullj- preserved for so many years will recom-
mend this new featuiv to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain's Restaurant, 213 Sutter.
Bay direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
IllVf Tables, Etc.
11l I A ll clty Mall s q uar ««
Ull I A J. & *. KESSEL£R.
hew to-dat:
STATEMENT
OF THE
: CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
: Fire Insurance Copy
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1895. and for the ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
lions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished oy the Commissioner.
CAPITA!,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. • ~~~~
Real Estate owned by Company ... $255,014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortcage 1,101,254 IS
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. 789,916 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. . 65,200 00
Cash in Company's Office 11,552 84
Cash in Banks - 75,383 75
Interest due and • accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 624 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,695 79
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 91,616 51
Bents due and accrued 1,105 65
Ground Bents well 5ecured.....:.... 6,320 00
Total assets $2,409,584 63
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,556 07
i Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 122,549 85
Losses resisted, including expenses. 28,128 19
Grosa premiums on Fire Bisk*, run-
ning one year or less, $957,-
-219 08,.reinsurance 50 per cent. 478,609 54
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning more than one year, $890,-
-217 11, reinsurance pro rata.... 374,248 41
Amount reclaimnble by the injured .
. on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 563,632 17
Commissions and Brokerage due and
tobecomeaue 13,742 41
Total liabilities $1,600,466 61
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 59,485 06
Becelved'tor interest and dividends ,v ; -".-
on Bonds, stocks, . Loans, and
from all other sources '.. 41,077 66
I Received for net Perpetual Pre-
I , .mlums ....■ 5,192 92
Received from all other sourcis 8,921 05
I Total income. $1,298.840 76
EXPENDITURES. ~~ *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including 8206,392 81 losses of
previous years) 5826.672 70
Dividends to Stockholders 27,500 00
Paid or owed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,185 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 103,760 00
Paid for .State, National and local
taxes :...'. 32,093 97
All other Payments and expendi-
tures 100.993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,196 37
Fire Losses Incurred
during the year $790.514 50
BISKS AND PRK-
miumb. ' Fire Bisks. Premiums. <
Net amount of : •'- -'".'_*:•,■•
Risks written dur-
ing the year. $114,799,046 $1,460,028 76
Net amount of
Bisks expired dur-
ing the year. 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in
force December '■~X~:'" i -
-31, 1896 146,568,897 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD MABIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
of January, 1896.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-9 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FBAN CISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
Fire ml Life Line Company
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
j ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of th ■ state of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litital Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner. ■■ • -..»,.■
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock,' paid up
in cash... $533,333 83
ASSETS.
: 1 ■ ' . > * . . ' . .
Real estate owned by company $742,833 33
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,999,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,607,348 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge _--,;.■
of bonds, stocks and other market- '
' able securities as collateral 762,553 46
Cash in company's office 3,682 32
Cash in banks 230,666 67
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks and loans... - 69,466 78
Premiums in due course of collec- .
tion ::.■..:............... :... ■ 39,204 64
Bills receivable, not matured, .'taken
: for fire and marine risks 148,692 83
Due from other companies 218,363 73
- Total assets. ..: $5,802,456 88
1 LIABILITIES. ' ~-
I Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense $93,333 33
• Gross premiums on fire risks run-1
ning one year or less, reinsur- < .
mice 60 per cent I — ....'.'.: ! ' .01 inn , H
Gross premiums on fire risks run- f •«»•«*» 00
ning more - than one year, rein- J
surance pro rata .' J
Liability under life department.. -..- 3,818,829 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com- , .
pany ' 228,235 41
Total 1iabi1itie5........ ......... $4. 568,451 16
INCOME.. ■■•• ■
Net cash actually received for fire .
premiums ;...'..„...... $1,169,325 19
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources ' 414,339 65
Received for life insurance ore- .
miums ' 559,947 39
Total income. $2,143,662 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $583,502 59
Dividends to stockholders. 32,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 315,049 64
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 157,556 59
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,035,982 67
Total expenditures. $2,1 24,091 49
. . ■
bisks * premiums. j Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount, of risks
written during the
year $363,521,590 $1,659,334 61
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year..... 171,674,582 747,924 61
Net amount in i >roe
December 31, 1895. 161,354,9991 421,400 58
T. ED LEVIBBON, Vice- President.
.-,•■?-'. M. OLBEBS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Bth day
of April, 1896.
UUDM. AKERMABK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407— 409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FKANCISCO.
EaU IUC Vflll c Tnrcat, Pimples, Coppcr-lil
SglnAYfc TUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores|W
■■Ulcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write (OO&B
■REMEDY CO., 807 Masonic TempleJH
■Chicago, 111., tor proofs of cores. Capl-M
■tul, 8500,000. Worst eases cored in lfli
fglo OS day. 100-page book, free. E|
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
P—
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Frte :
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by currier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1.50
Wkxkly Call, one year, by mail »• 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation? 11
»o, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL io
your address. Do not let it miss you lor yon will
mIM it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-18.4
BRANCH OFFICES : :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hays street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lartin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clocfc
118 Kinth street; opeii until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City-
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
THURSDAY JUXK2S, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
IOK rRESIDFAT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
>OK TOCE-PMSSIDBNT-
GARRETT A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KLKCTIOX NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Whitney writes well, but Altgeld gets
there.
Every factory bell rings for McKinley
and prosperity.
Altgeld pardoned the anarchists, but he
draws the line at Grover.
By this time Senator Teller begins to
feel that he was too previous.
It will avail Whitney nothing to go to
Chicago, unless he takes his barrel with
him.
Democracy wili not fuse with Populism.
It has reached a time when it wants to be
alone.
The soldier candidate who went to the
front in 18(il will be at the front in Novem
ber, 1896.
The deficit tariff will go right along
making figures for Republican campaign
documents.
It Is now believed the Chicago conven
tion wili fuss around for about two weeks
and then split.
The tariff plank at Chicago will be a
straddle so wide that it will look like a
suspension bridge.
Sound money is the money that sets the
wheels of industry moving and fills the
country with prosperity.
The Democratic party has mortgaged
this country to the bond-dealers, but the
Republican party will redeem it.
The report that Cleveland may vote for
McKinley is the worst attempt yet made
to slander the Republican candidate.
The party of Thurman and Hendricks
has become the party of Altgeld and Till
man. What kind of evolution is that?
Free trade, frea silver, free buncombe
and free bosh make a combination that
won't wash when the tidal wave comes.
If you wish San Francisco to be a home
market for home goods join a Republican
club and work for McKinley and protec
tion.
"White silver savages" is what the Bos
ton Herald calls them, but the term seems
to imply that the Herald is a trifle savage
itself.
There are a great many men who do not
understand the money question, but every
body understands the need of work and
wages.
As Boies has long been the artful dodger
of lowa politics, he may be fairly consid
ered the logical candidate of Democracy
this year.
The gold reserve is rapidly sinking and
Cleveland will have the satisfaction of
pleasing his Wall-street friends with a
new loan before long.
There is no enthusiasm displayed in
Democratic conventions until somebody
denounces Cleveland and the crowd
makes the welkin ring.
Cleveland brought forward the mouey
issue to hide the tariff deficit, and he may
now try to bring up the Cuban question to
head off the money issue.
Some Democrats are trying to uphold
the gold standard and some the silver
standard, but as for the Cleveland stan
dard there is none to do it reverence.
As a gold-producing State California has
little to gain by the free coinage of silver,
but the welfare of all her industries de
pends upon protection, and therefere her
people must vote for protection first and
free silver afterward.
Ask the average Democrat whether he
favors Bland, Boies, Blackburn, Camp
bell, Carlisle, Cleveland, Gorman, Hill,
Matthews, Morrison, Pattigon, Russell,
Teller or Whitney, and he will give you a
vacant smile and answer, "There are
others."
it was noted at Washington that tne
telegraph at the White House was shut off
during the St. Louis convention and the
President received no private dispatches.
It is easy to draw from this the conclusion
that Cleveland has reached the condition
of Abner Dean of Angela when "he cur.cd
up on the floor and the subsequent pro
ceedings interested him no more."
In his recent speech to his fellow citi
zens at Canton McKinley expressed the
convictions of the people of the whole
country in saying: "We have come to
appreciate that protective tariffs are better
than idleness and that wise tariff legisla
tion is more business-like than debts and
deficiencies." That is the substance of
the whole matter. The people want
McKinley, protection and prosperity.
INVOLUTION OF BRAINS.
The degeneracy of the Democratic party
is to be lamented. It is a reflection upon
our system of government and an excuse
for the enemies of republican institutions
to say, as they do, that a system which
inclines one to lower levels of political in
tegrity and patriotism exerts a pernicious
influence everywhere. In a measure that
is doubtless true of the conduct of many of
the leaders of tne Democratic party , but the
rank and lile are true to the ethical princi
ples of the Government, only that too many
ol them have permitted party pride to keep
alive a degree of enthusiasm for the tradi
tions of the party tbat ia not justified by
the history of its going and coming in the
last forty years. The party of Douglass,
lienton and .Seymour has fallen into the
hands of political brigands.
Yesterday's gathering of the Democratic
party of Illinois in State Convention fairly
represented the personnel of the leaders
of the party oi to-day. The giant who
towered above them all as a true repre
sentative of modern Democracy was Gov
ernor Altgeid. For years he has been
charged with being in full sympathy with
the doctrines of Herr Most. How far the
charge is true may be judged by the fact
that immediately after he was inaugurated
he j.ardoned the Haymarket anarchists
who had been convicted of murder. In
announcing their pardon, Governor
Altgeld took advantage of the occasion to
charge the court that tried them with be
ing a foul nest of persecutors of good peo
ple, such as the Haymarket dynamite
bomb-throwers. lie was renominated for
Governor yesterday by acclamation, after
delivering himself of a coarse and brutal
speech, in which he roundly abused every
respectable Democrat in the land. Alt
geld would be the choice of the silver wing
of his party for President were it not that
Providence so shaped events that he should
not be born in the United States.
Next to Altgeld comes a long list of lead
ers of modern Democracy. Boies was a
rabid Republican until some ten years ago,
when, growing tired of waiting for his
party to recognize his transcendent states
manship, he joined the Democratic party
and was elected Governor on a Democratic
anti-Prohibition platform. He was called
the "whisky Governor," though he never
himself touches whisky or tobacco and
never swears. What a Democrat! Bland,
who was patted on the back by Altgeld's
convention, thinks that the "crime of
1873" furnishes the sum total of the science
of government in the direction of rascal
ity, and he dwelt upon that one idea so
long that his district, after keeping him
in Congress for twenty years, turned him
down by sending an obscure country phy
cician to Washington in his stead. Bland
is honest enough, but he has not found
out yet that the sun does not revolve
around the earth.
The best that can be said of Goverror
Tillman is that he rattles around in the
seatthat John C. Cal noun used to fill. His
greac delight is in attacking the Republi
can party, but the performance so resem
bles the effort of a dyspeptic child trying
to batter down Gibraltar with a popgun
that he only amuses. Ex-Congressman
Ciark of Missouri, who was recognized as
one of the trreat leaders of the Democratic
party at Altgeld's convention, was de
feated of re-election by a Republican itin
erant singing-school teacher. And so it
is. Calhoun's mantle upon Tillman's
shoulders; Benton's breeches hiding
Bland's nakedness ; Douglas' big hat on
Altgeld's little head, and Seymour's spurs
jingling on Boies' heels. The spectacle is
rather worse than the noble dust of Alex
ander stopping a bunghole.
DIVIDED AGAINST ITSELF.
Undoubtedly there is discord in the
ranks of the Democratic party. There is
evidence that the bosses are at outs with
one another. The party is divided into
two wings, and it is very evident that the
silver or anti-administration wing is not
bowing down before "Moses," as they
called Cleveland awhile ago. In Altgeld's
convention the chairman devoutly and
sincerely hoped tbat God would forgive
the Democrats of Illinois for their share in
foisting Grover Cleveland upon the coun
try in 1892. Any reference to the Presi
dent was hissed unless his name was
connected with something vile or dread
ful, when the speaker was applauded,
and "Say it over again!" and "Hit him
again!" was heard ringing throughout the
convention hall. Such demonstration of
hostility to a public man is not often wit
nessed. Had the convention stopped at
that a good point would have been made,
but the Altgeldites paraded their own true
Democracy just enough to be disgusting.
"We are the saints" is a little too brazen
for either wing of that party to sine.
In the Ohio Democratic Convention,
yesterday, Reuben Turney, an old wheel
horse of the party, spied Cleveland's pic
ture among the decorations as he mounted
the stand for a speech, and pointing his
finger at it he shrieked like a madman,
"That arch-traitor, that Benedict Arnold
of Democracy, Grover Cleveland." He
demanded that the picture be removed.
And so it goes from bad to worse with the
old party of treasons, stratagems and
spoils. The leaders have fallen out, and
they are telling the truth concerning the
true inwardness of one another's methods,
aims and purposes; but they only confirm
what the public has long suspected. But
good will come of it all. The party is di
vided on lines of personal hatred, and the
country need not fear danger from it for
many years, if ever again.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
A pamphlet of few words, but of much
force and meaning, has been issued by
Frederick K. Samuels of this City in ad
vocacy of a bill "to provide for an aux
iliary navy, ocean mail service and to
promote commerce. '• The object of the
bill is to advance our merchant marine
lo the position it ought of right to occupy,
and to enable it to maintain itself against
the competition of the subsidized mer
chant marine of other nations.
The chief objections to the existing law
is that it invests the Postmaster-General
with almost autocratic power over the aid
given to shipping-, with the result that pri
vate enterprise is entirely subordinated to
his opinions, and that the provisions for
the classification, speed and remuneration
ot steamships are inadequate to encourage
shipbuilding or meet The varied require
ments of different trades.
The essential features of the proposed
legislation are that some consideration
must be given to our merchant marine in
return for Government support, that rea
sonable security shall be given by the Gov
ernment for the capital invested and labor
employed against changes in administra
tive policies; that freedom should be given
in the selection of trades in which vessels
may engage without vitiating their right
to compensation; that no discrimination
shall be made in favor of any individual
or corporation, and that liberal provisions
of governmental support shall be made in
order to induce capitalists to engage in
the enterprise of shipbuilding, and thus
produce immediate beneficial results to
jour shipping interests.
That something should be done to pro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
mote our merchant marine service is be
yond question. All the greater nations of
the world grant subsidies to their steam
ship lines and as a result hava built them
up at the cost of our commerce. It i 3 by
reason of her liberal grants to snips that
England lias made herself virtually the
mistress of the commerce of the world and
added so much to her wealth and power.
While the British have been extending
their mercantile marine in that way, we
have been doing practically nothing and
as a consequence American goods are car
ried in English vessels to foreign markets
and our rightful trade has been lost to us.
Fan Francisco has much at stake in this
issue. This City should be the center of
Pacific Ocean commerce, and American
ships should carry and bring from and to
this port the goods that are interchanged
between the Orient and the West. At the
present time, however, cotton from the
fields of Texas is carried to Japan by way
of Liverpool, when a route through San
Francisco would save a journey of thou
sands of miles. So, also, we lose the great
trade of South America by reason of the
lack of American ships to carry American
goods to those markets on terms that can
compete with British goods.
Mr. Samuels has made his argument so
brief it can be read by even the busiest
men and so clear it can b* understood by
even the least comprehending. He makes
it plain tbat the object to be attained is
one of patriotism as well as business, in
asmuch as a merchant marine of fleet
steamships would be of great use to as in
time of war, and on this double plea
rightly and justly urees the importance of
immediate action on the part of the Gov
ernment in patting our shipping on equal
terms with that of any other nation on
the globe.
COUNTRY VS. CITY.
The Registrar-General of London, Eng
land, has submitted the census of the
great city and bis figures show an increase
in population of 200,528 since June, 1891,
making the population 4,411,271. One liv
ing right in London could hardly con
ceive how so many people could live in
one municipality. It is not so difficult,
however, to understand why all the cities
of civilization have increased in popula
tion so fast in recent years. The time was
when suburban life was considered the
more desirable, both for health and pleas
ure, but the Improvement in the construc
tion of houses, means of rapid transit and
sanitary engineering have added so
many conveniences that city life has
become very desirable, especially since
church, amusement and library facilities
have kept pace with the advance in hy
gienic and other health-giving agencies. It
may be said, in fact, that the city is very
much healthier than the town or villaee.
The growth of American cities and
towns is, however, attributable for the
most part to causes that are not at all con
ducive to moral health at least. This
comes from an idiotic idea that farm
life is somehow under a social cloud ;
that horny hands and brown skin are
barred out of fashionable society, and that
to "hold the plow or drive" is not nearly
so lofty an occupation as a clerkship in a
city. Farmer-boys do not like to admit
this, but it is nevertheless true, and the
census of the first occupation of a large
percentage of "city" men would prove it.
The young man makes a great mistake in
quitting the farm as statistics show. It is
very rare that a farmer fails to come out
more thau even at the end of the year,
and he never has to worry himself half to
death over bills payable, but less than live
out of every one hundred commercial or
any other Kind of business venture in the
city becomes a firmly established concern
whose rating is Al.
Some years ago an Arkansas land-owner
advertised for tenants to cultivate his
farms. He announced the terms, wnicn
were that be would furnish as much rich
cleared land as tne tenant might want, a
comfortable enough house, a team of
mules, farm implements, necessary seed
and furnish table supplies for the first year
on credit. At the end of the crop year the
tenant should first pay for his supplies.
After that he should take out enough of
the crop to provide seed for the next year.
Then he should give the land-owner one
half of what was left of the crop, his own
share being the same less the cost of his
table supplies, which the land-owner was
security for. The land-owner had enough
land to supply about sixty families. He
got enough, but out of the hundreds of
letters of inquiry there were less than a
dozen from cities, and only three accepted
his proposition. That is one of the rea
sons why there are so many impecunious
men in the cities. "I had rather go
hungry in the city than live well on a
farm," one man wrote.
REDUCED FREIGHT RATES.
The new schedule of traffic tariffs, which
is effective on and after to-day on the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Kail
way, applies to all points on the line.
The reduction i 3 greater than is indicated
on the rate sheet, as compared with the
charges of the Southern Pacific. The Val
ley road absorbs all switching charges in
its rate, so that the rate quoted in the
sheet includes all charges for transporta
tion between initial and destination points.
Tne saving thus afforded shippers on the
line of the road will be considerable, be
sides there will not be the annoyance that
has often arisen heretofore because of
separate charges.
Undoubtedly the opening of tlie Valley
road will work a great relief to the San
Joaquin Valley, both in additional facili
ties for reaching outside markets and as a
permanent rival of the Southern Pacific,
thus insuring rates that are not only fair
and reasonable, but which do not discrimi
nate for or against any individual or lo
cality. The mileage of the Valley road is
a little less than ninety miles, but con
struction is being pushed southward. The
fact, however, that it will always form a
strong competitor of the Southern Pa
cific, and a regulator of rates on the basis
of sharp competition, is of great im
portance. ______________
IS SPAIN PLAYING "BLUFF?"
Spain is preparing to send 100,000 sol
diers to Cuba. They are to be shipped be
tween the first of September and the mid
dle of December, and Weyler promises to
make short work of the rebellion when
they arrive. It is doubtful, however, if
anything of the kind is seriously contem
plated by the Madrid Government. A lit
tle while ago the captain-general said he
had troops enough, and that as soon as
the wet season was over he should move
against the insurgents and crush them
at one blow, and nothing has transpired
since to suggest the need of more soldiers.
According to his account of the daily bat
tles the insurgents are being killed off so
fast that there will not be one left by the
time the new levy of 100,000 reaches the
island. Then why does he give it out that
he will be re-enforced by 100,000 of the
flower of Spain's army in the fall ?
If it be true another army of 100,000 is to
be thrown into Cuba in the near future it
can be relied upon that it is simply a move
in the direction of preparing for a war
with the United States. A large standing
army in Cuba would come handy in the
event of a rupture with this country, but
it would only prolong the inevitable. The
presumption is, though, that Weyler is
simply playing a "bluff" game. Doubt
less he thinks this country would go a
little slow in the direction of recognizing
Cuban belligerency if it knew that 100,000
fresh Spanish soldiers were about to form
a base of offensive and defensive opera
tions, but if it is a "bluff" game he is
playing he is wasting a great deal of gray
matter.
There are two things General Weyler
should inform himself of. The sympathy
that is going out to the insurgents is not
prompted so much by a desire to see the
rebels succeed as by the brutal methods
that Weyler employs. His conduct of the
war is so infamously cruel and his encour
agement of the most diabolical attacks
upon non-combattants has so embit
tered our people against him per
sonally and as tne representative
of the Spanish Government that they
would espouse the cause of Cuba,
right or wrong. The other thing of which
General Weyler should inform himself
is that any attempt at "bluff" with the
people of this country would make any
settlement of the differences now existing
between the United States and Spain im
possible, except that his country should
submit and obey any demands that this
country might see lit to impose.
Weyier is altogether too fond of leaning
defenseless men up against a dead wall and
shooting them to death to commend him
self or his cause to any feeling of the people
of this country, except tne feeling which
creates an intense desire to go to Cuba and
wind up the earthly career of every one of
Spain's hirelings, from the captain-general
down. The Spanish official who said the
other day that after the inauguration of
William McKinley Spain would have to do
right by Cuba or light is a pretty wise man.
PERSONAL.
F. P. Wickersham, the Fresno banker, is at
the Lick.
W. C. Good, a merchant of Santa Rosa, is at
the Grand.
Dr. G. F. Mohn, a Los Angeles physician, is
at the Russ.
A. C. Maude, a journalist of Bakersfield, Is
at the Grand.
Dr. T. T. Tebbet3 of Sacramento is a guesj at
the Baldwin.
L. H. Frankenueimer, a Stockton merchant,
is at the Grand.
Fred Brye of Auburn ia registered at the
Russ with his wife.
A. C. RoseDdale, a merchant of Pacific Grove,
is now at the Grand.
J. A. Durant, a Modesto attorney, is one of
the late Lick arrivals.
De Vries Van Doesburgh, a vineyardist of St.
Helena, is at the Lick.
C. F. Martens of Hamburg, Germany, is a
guest at the Occidental.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
Raleigh Barcar, an attorney of Vacaville, is
making a short visit at the Lick.
K. E. de Yoe, a prominent merchant of Mo
desto, is among the Lick's guests.
W. W. Bradbury, a mining man of Oregon, is
staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Colonel Thomas Malloy, National Guard, is
at the Lick registered from I'etaluma.
John Weil, a big crockery dealer at Sacra
mento, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
J. Windsor, an English resident of India, is
among yesterday's, arrivals at the Palace.
John W. Howell, ex-cashier of the Merced
Bank, took a room at the Lick yesterday.
Thomas E. Johnson, a Santa Clara County
orchardist, is at the Lick registered from San
Jose-
R. R. Bulmore, owner of mines ai New Alma
den, is at the Lick with his sou, D. A. Bul
more.
Will E. Grant, The Call's enterprising;
agent at Santa Cruz, is visiting friends ia this
City.
G. E. Roper, the well known capitalist of
Los Angeles, is registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Otto Grunsky of Stockton, Treasurer of San
Joaquin County, is a late arrival at the
Grand.
B. H. Upham, proprietor of the Gloriana
Vineyard, near Martinez, is among the guests
at the Lick.
W. H. Spencer of Fresno has returned from a
trip to Portland and is registered at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Charles A. Mclver, a vineyardist and wine
producer ot Mission Kan Jose, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Charles W. Main of Peorla, 111., is at the
Lick. He is traveling in the interests of the
locomotive engineers.
Colonel C. T. Sivalls, a war veteran and gen
eral manager of Robinson's & Forepaugh's
Circus, is at the Baldwin.
Dr. W. H. Patterson, a physician of Reno,
Nev., is making the Lick his headquarters dur
ing a short visit in the City.
Mrs. W. F. Anderson and the Misses Mabel
Winnifred and VVireeme Anderson of Salt Lake
City, are at the Occidental.
John A. Mclntire of Sacramento, a mining
man, but formerly a wholesale grocer, is mak
ing a short visit at the Grand.
W. C. Edes of the engineering corps of the
Valley Railroad returned from the San Joaquin
yesterday and is at the Grand.
Dr. and Frank J. Ives of the United States
army and Mr. and Mrs. Eugene S. Ives of Los
Angeles are guests at the Palace.
T. M. McNamara, the attorney-at-law of
Bakersfield, is a guest of his friend, Major
Fahey, at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are H. V. Malmburg and wife, prom
inent residents of Effingham, Kan.
C. L. Ruggles, one of the proprietors of the
Stockton Independent, is in town for business
and pleasure. He has a room at the Grand.
B. Chaboya, who has charge of the pictur
esque Cook ranch, where fine horses are raised,
near Danville, Contra Costa County, is a guest
at the Grand.
H. L. Hirst of Denver, Colo., a medical stu
dent of Yalo University, is at the Occidental,
on his way to Australia, whither he will go on
the next steamer.
O. U. Hotting, proprietor of the Hotel Arthur
at Loiapoc, the town where saloons are ta
booed, was among the guests that registered
at the Grand yesterday.
S. Edkins and wife and W. Philip and wife,
who recently arrived in this City from Johan
nesburg, South Africa, have returned to the
Palace after visiting the Yosemite.
Earl H. Daggett of Visalia, the Deputy Sher
iff injured by a shot at the time of the at
tempted train hold-up near Goshen some time
ago, is at the Lick, having recovered from his
injuries.
Major L. W. Juillard of Santa Rosa is at the
Lick. He came down to the City for the Na
tional Guard court-martial, held at the Cali
fornia Tuesday night, and for the funeral of
General Dimond yesterday.
Charles C. Perkins, son of the Hueneme cap
italist, banker and oil-well owner, is staying at
the Palace during the entrance examinations
for Yale University now being conducted at
the Urban School on California street.
Clement Wilder of Wilder & Co. returned
last evening from a short vacation tour to
Deer Park Inn and Lake Tahoe. He reports
splendid fishing in Tahoe and Dormer lakes,
but sayi the Truckee River and tributaries are
yet too high. Snow in that section is disap
pearing rapidly.
Hon. S. W. Lamoreux of Washington, D. C,
Commissioner of the Land Department, is at
the palace with a t>arty of friends, consist
ing of his wife and two children, Frank B.
Lamoreux, wife and child of Stevens Point,
Wis., Charles Hathaway Webb and wife of
New York and A.T.Britten, wife and two
children of Washington, D. C.
Curtis W. Welch, a student in the Yale Medi
cal School and a resident of New Haven, Conn.,
arrived on the Umatilla Wednesday from the
Northwest, after a trip through Canada. He
contemplates entering the Cooper Medical Col
lege in this City. He is at the Occidental, and
will soon pay a visit to Los Angeles, where his
invalid father is recuperating.
Judge J. H. Pryor of Sausallto, the proprietor
of the Sausalito Xeivs, and the Judge before
whom the recent anti-pool room test cases
were tried, will start today on an overland
ride by private conveyance to Willow Camp,
Marin County, for a two weeks' outing. He
will be accompanied by his family and by J.
B. Davidson, Principal of the Sausalito Gram
mar School, and his family, and by Professor
Heuston and family of Nevada. Their com
plete camping outfit was shipped yesterday on
the gasoline steamer Jennie Griffin.
Editor Travers of the Alameda Encinal pub
lishes the following journalistic paragraph:
"Our esteemed predecessor, F. K. Krauth, who
for more than a quarter of a century manfully
and honestly controlled the columns of the
Encinal, and who, on the Gth day of this
month, celebrated the seventy-third anniver
sary of his birthday, desires to his
heartfelt thanks to his newspaper friends in
various sections of the State for the highly
complimentary words and kind wishes
extended to him through their columns,
backed with the earnest hope that they may
live long In the land and ever enjoy all the
blessings that can fall to the lot of humanity."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 24.— At the West
minster, C. E. Barrett; Broadway Central,
Mrs. Johnson A. Louderback; Grand, F. J.
Batchelor ; Grand Union, F. G. Adams; Bruns
wick, R. J. Ferrer; Imperial, J. J. Gottlob, T.
H. Kyan; St. Cloud, M. Marcuse.
WOMAN'S WAYS.
Dear summer maid, I'm half afraid,
Despite my store of reason,
Again you'll take my heart to break,
Just as yon did last season.
For be you fair or dark of hair,
I find myself enraptured:
Your sidelong glance cats like a lance,
And I straightway am captured.
At other times, wed to my rhymes,
I well may laugh at Cupid;
Content that girls should shake their curls
And pass me by as stupid.
But when the haze of warmer days
Announces summer burning,
I'm out of torts and feel my thought*
Loveward go lightly turning.
And while I know you'll bring me woe,
With heart light as a feather,
At your dear call I give up all,
So we may be' together.
How time will fly! You say sood-by
With some word lightly spoken;
For well you may be blithe and gay-
It's not your heart that's broken.
James J. O'Conneli.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
WHEAT AND SILVER.
WHY WHEAT-GROWERS WOTJLD LOSE BY THE FREE
COINAGE OF SILVER.
To the Editor of the San Framitco Call— Sir:
The other day in one of the Examiner's edi
torials it was intimated that the free and un
limited coinage of silver would raise the price
of wheat. This is the fallacy which has given
Populism its greatest hold. That wheat can
not be raised in price by the free, unlimited
and independent coinage of silver may easily
be shown. We all know, or should know, that
as we produce a surplus of wheat for export,
the price of wheat in the United States is the
foreign, or Liverpool pric3, less the freight,
insurance and necessary commissions of the
commission merchants — only this and nothing
more. But this foreign price is based upon
gold monometallism, the only money of inter
national trade. The wheat-grower, therefore,
is, and will be, subject to the falsely supposed
price-destroying single gold standard. No
matter what character of currency we have in
the t'nited States, the farmer will be paid in
the United States for wheat only on the basis
of gold monometallism.
If, therefore, we adopt the free and unlim
ited coinage ot silver and obtain the as
sumed benefit of bimetallic prices, these prices
will be only for goods of our own production —
not the subject of export. Our wheat farmer
will then pay bimetallic prices for what he
buys and be compelled to take gold mono
metallic prices for all he sells. He will further
have his return diminished, because he will
bo paid only in the currency of his country—
the cheaper metal, silver. But as the ship
ment of wheat will take sometime to reach
Liverpool ana as silver bullion is subject to
changes in value, susceptible of being
measured daily, the foreign purchaser to in
sure himself against the possibility of a fall in
the value of the fluctuating silver during the
transit of the wheat will, to save himself, be
Compelled to take something off of what he
would give if the payments were on the non
fluctuating basis of gold monometallism.
Surely no observant person will dare assert
that gold changes in value in the short period
of the transit of wheat from San Francisco to
Liverpool.
For two reasons, therefore, the farmer will
receive less for his wheat. For a like reason
European merchants must charge a little
more on what they sell ub to insure themselves
against the rising of silver by the time of our
payment for the imported goods. We shall,
therefore, pay more than we now do, while on
a gold basis, for what we buy from the rest of
the world, and get less than we now do for
what we sell. This is the permanent evil of
silver monometallism. When we conslder'that
in the quickened state of modern commerce a
difference of one-half of one per cent will
drive one metal out of the currency and into
the metal market, he must be a bold and
wanton man who will assert that tne two
metals will remain in concurrent circulation,
ana that we shall not have silver monometal
lism. From the foregoing reflections it may be
readily perceived why the wheat grower can
but lose by voting for the free coinage of silver.
Very resepctfully, John Heenan.
LADY'S DRESSING SACQUE.
A delightfully comfortable and stylish gar
ment is illustrated above. It is cut with a
loose front which is shirred from a yoke top.
The back is cut with a back form and an under
arm gore. The sleeves are the comfortable and
picturesque bishop sleeve. The sailor collar is
stylishly cut off in front to give the effect now
sought after.
A most dainty sacque after this model was
of white batiste. The sailor collar had a deep
hem, at the top of which was let in the nar-
row embroidery to give the effect of hemstitch
ing. The ruffle around the collar, which was
also of batiste, had the same finish at the top
of the hem.
Another sacque was of blue and white dim
ity, with a collar of plaiu blue edged with a
ruffle of Valenciennes lace.
A yellow dimity might be trimmed with a
collar of yellow and white striped dimity.
A pink lawn, with white dots, might have
a white collar trimmed with white or yellow
lace.
A blue Japanese siik with collar of white
batiste trimmed with inserting of yellow Va
lenciennes lace, with a ruffle to match, would
be very cool and stylish.
Pale green wash silk with a canary stripe
might have the collar of natural colored grass
linen.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Oh!" she said, "your conduct is enough to
make an angel weep!"
"I don't see you shedding any tears," he re
torted, and his tact saved the day.— Pearson's
Weekly.
Nearsighted Old Lady— Goodness me ! Here's
a man coming down the street with a brick in
each hand.
Her Daughter — Don't be frightened, mamma.
It's only Charlie Plußgins with his russet
glove's on."— Roxbury Gazette.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Grand opera has received a severe blow in
the death of Sir Augustus Harris, in the very
height of the London musical season. He
was one of the few impresarios who could
make grand opera pay, and that was owing to
bis wide experience and dauntless energy. A
dozen years ago opera was becoming a lost art,
as far as London was concerned. "Augustus
Druryolanus," as he was popularly called,
after his theater of Brury Lane, declared that
he would revive the opera enthusiasm which
had been ruined by the star system. He se
cured a fine company, but his troupe did not
include Patti, and the public had been edu
cated to consider that Patti was grand opera,
and grand opera was Patti. The immediate
result of his venture was that in six weeks he
lost £10,000. At first Augustus Harris con
cluded that he had buried grand opera, and
that the ceremony was rather costly, but the
next season he was persuaded to make another
venture, and that time London began to see
SIR AUGUSTUS HARRIS.
that opera was possible without Patti. For
several years there was little profit in the
opera seasons, but the impresario was edu
cating the public, and in these later years he
very much more than made back what he had
previously lost.
Considering that his earliest memories were
associated with the operatic stage, it was not
surprising that Augustus Harris should have
turned his attention to the production of
opera in London. In a recent interview he
said: "My first remembrance of opera dates
back to the time when, as a boy of six, I saw
'Martha* given at Covent Garden— the new
theater had just been built after the fire.
After that I was frequently behind the scenes
there, and when I went to Paris I used to meet
all the great artists and composers, either at
Faure's, Patti's or Carvalho's, where I passed
my Sundays. At Hanover, too, where I lived
for a time, for the purpose of completing my
education, I had the entree to the opera
house; so you may ima-gine that from my
earliest years I have taken a deep interest in
matters operatic."
Sir Augustus Harris was knighted for his
civic services, not for what he had done for
music. The Elms, his home near London, is n
beautiful place, containing many priceless
treasures pertaining to the operatic world.
Apropos of Saint-Saens' jubilee concert in
Paris, L'lllustration gives the following ac
count of the French master's early passion for
music: "His infancy offers many similarities
with the first years of Mozart. At 22 months
of age he was brought home to Paris from the
country, and all the impression he received
from the city seemed to be those of sound
and music. The ticking of the clocks, the
noise of the door-bells, the various peddler's
cries, rendered him mute with astonishment,
and he spent his time in running from one
room to another, to compare the different
sounds. The first time that he heard a piano,
the delighted child put one finger, then an
other on the keys, and finally began to form
chords. He wanted to know the relation be
tween the black and white notes, and his
friends promised to satisfy his curiosity when
he could read. At the age of two and a half
he was a fluent reader, and at three years of
age he could write down music, which he was
already beginning to compose. A few of his
earliest musical efforts have been preserved,
notably some waltzes, written at five years of
age. He was very fond of improvisation, and
it was especially by religious themes that he
felt himself inspired. The child, however,
was not only remarkable for his musical or
ganization he showed an equal aptitude
for the sciences, natural history and mechan
ics."
Giuseppe Verdi is setting an example of
noble charity as well as of gratitude to the
artists who have sung in his operas, ana have
so helped to make him famous. The magnifi
cent home for old and indigent artists which
he is builaing in Milan, and which will absorb
a large portion of his fortune, will be one of
the finest charitable institutions in a city
which is remarkable for possessing some of
the most splendid charitable institutions in
the world. In Milan the biggest hospital is a
perfectly ordered city in itself. There is
scarcely any class of indigence which does not
find some well-organized charity ready to
stretch out a helping hand. But strange to
say the singers who congregate therein such j
numbers have hitherto been overlooked in the J
charitable arrangements of the city.
Miss Margaret Reid, a clever young Ameri
can singer, has made a great hit this season at
Covent Garden Theater, London, as a member
of Sir Augustus Harris' company. She will be
remembered as the dainty little prima.douna
of the Bostonians. For the last two years she
has been studying in Paris. In London her
greatest success has been as Nedda in "I
Pagliacci." Miss Reid expects to sing in grand
opera at the Metropolitan Opera-house next
wintar if Abbey & Grau go on with their
pre»ent plans.
The younger Coquelin, who played here
with his father a few >earsago at the Grand
Opera-house, has yearnings to become a
lyric artist. It is said that he seriously con
templates abandoning the comedy stage for
opera, and to this intent he has been studying
singing very seriously of late. Ho is shortly to
make his debut as a singer at a grand musical
festival to be held in Amiens, France, to cele
brate the twenty-fifth anniversary ot the
i foundation of the Amiens Harmony Society.
Thea Dorre left the Tavary Opera Company
suddenly just before the disastrous New York
season. She had been billed to. appear in New
York, but the internal strife in the company,
which centered round Guille, had a good deal
to do with her sudden determination to leave.
She went immediately to London under con
tract with the Impresario Vert. There is a
possibility that she will sing "Carmen" at
Covent Garden this season, and an autumn
tour with the Carl Rosa Company ia also on
the tapis.
Le Temps, one of the best newspapers in
Paris, is authority for the statement that Offen
bach's operas are to be splendidly mounted in
New York next winter with Calve and Jean
de Reszke in the leading roles. If a less se
rious and reliable journal had made the state
ment oue would feel inclined to treat it as a
joke. ,
Ernest Gillet, composer of "Loin dv Bal,"
"The Mill" etc., has just completed writing
an onera-comique in three acts, entitled "Lo
«1 de la Vierge." The libretto, which la said
to contain both sentiment and gaiety, baa
been written by Charles Chlncholle, and the
music is remarkable for its melodies.
More than two hundred wreaths were laid
on the grave where Clara Schumann was re
cently laid at Bonn beside her husband. It is
nearly forty years since Robert Schumann
was buried there, but these two people, who
loved one another so much in life, have
iinally been united in death.
A Clara Schumann memorial evening is the
fashion in Germany.
Pauline Joran, the San Francisco diva, has
now played her fourth engagement at Covent
Garden.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Bishop Joyce of the Methodist Church will
soon start on an episcopal tour in foreign
lands that will occupy two years. He expects
to travel 50,000 miles.
. f .
J. W. Bradbury, the oldest living ex-Senator
| of the United States, celebrated the ninety,
fourth anniversary of his birth last week at
his home in Augusta, Me.
Professor Roentgen's great-grandfather was
a cabinet-maker, whose works were so famous
that Goethe alludes to them in his fairy story,
"The New Melusina," written in 1770.
The revolutionary relics captured by General
Stark at the battle of Bennington now rest in
a handsome black walnut case In the office of
the adjutant-general at Concord, N. H.
Miss May Abraham, the new English super
intendent of factory inspectors, is a beautiful
woman of the Semitic type. She began her
career as Lady Dilke's private secretary.
An eminent authority on hygenics has re
cently passed away in the person of Professor
R. Finkelinburg of Bonn. He was a pupil of
Kolliker and Virchow and the author of a
number of works on sanitary reforms.
A monument tc Theodore de Banville has
been unveiled by the Colonial Minister at
Moullns, which claims to be the poet's birth
place. The biographical dictionaries, however,
state that he first saw the light in Paris in
Extra fine Cream Caramels. Townsend's.*
♦ — ♦ ■»
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
» — •
Civilization Resting.
Santa Cruz Record.
With Cubans beinsr thrown into boiling
molasses and the Turks making a medium of
exchange of the ears of Armenians, it would
seem as though there is some hitch In the
glorious onward march of civilization.
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern Hues. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San i- ranclsco July 1 at 6 p. k.
special rate for the round trip to Chicago f 72.50.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pacific offi ce, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch.
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
• — ♦ — ♦
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeine this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through tin- excursions lo leave San Francisco
June ViO and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en soute and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook ifc Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under I'aluce Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific l.nilroiul. 11. C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 6i Chronicle building, B. F.
• — —
Northern I'acific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic r*at l onal Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Kduea'.ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market st., 8. F.
• — ■• — •
The time comes when everybody needs Pas
kkr's Oixgkb Tonic. It often saves life. •
I'AiiKKii's Hair Balsam cleanses the scalp.
-• — ♦ — •
The use of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters ex
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive organ*
In order. .
• — ♦ — ♦
When- - you feel 'as cross as a cat," a dose of
Ayer's Fills will make you as good-natured as »
Kitten. Try th"in for biliousness.
m "Now, Stop and Consider
J^W For one moment." We are taking no
Jm A chances, we can't afford to, there's not
trmjf enough in the business; but we guarantee
n every Hercules Gas and Gasoline Xx-
IH 6iNE,becauseweknowlti3safe. Send for
n Catalogue and Price List to
It. American Type Founders' Co.
'^ ■ ■ •; 405-407 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.no_textno_textnight. All eyes were bent on the great
illuminated entrance with the fixedness
that the pilgrim gazes toward Mecca.
The police had plenty to do. They did
it well. The fight spirit being in the air
they quelled a few incipient fights among
the spectators for places of advantage on
the overweighted curbstones.
As the crowd outside streamed on and
on into the glaring entrance and were
swallowed from sight outside the brass
band played on. Music will attract where
pugilism repels, and it continued to at
tract people till the mass of humanity
almost encircled the building and gazed
noisily or mutelr up at the silent walls.
THE SCENE INSIDE.
Thousands of Faces, Bits of Color
and Good Nature.
Inside the Pavilion was a vast array of
vacant chairs and bare benches, with here
and there a bit of color to relieve the eye,
but the chairs were not vacant long. It
takes a long time for 5000 or 6000 people to
pile into an auditorium and be ushered to
their proper seats, and this was the case
last night. The floor seemed to fill up
slowly, but tne crowd never stopped com
ing, and by 9 o'clock there were few va
cant seats visible even from a birdseye
view of the gallery.
Pendant from the great arches was a
canopy of two large American flags. Be
low it was the ring. White were its posts,
red the ropes and a circle of blue around
its base. Though bare, it was vivid and
even then eloquent of the combats to fol
low.
The lower floor immediately around the
line was divided into boxes by railings.
The various sections were separated by
curtains of red. At either end and on the
sides chairs and benches and long rows of
faces rose in terraces toward the gallery,
while over the gallery railings were more
tiers and rows of necks and faces "rubber
ing" to the best possible advantage toward
the magnet of all the thousands and thou
sands of eyes, the ring.
The California boutonniere is as much in
evidence on pugilistic as on other public
and popular occasions. The crowd was
dotted with it last night, but it did not ap
pear in all its sweetness, for the odor of
cigars rather smothered it, and the specks
of blood on the flushed faces in the ring
made an unusual contrast in pink.
In this great reservoir, the bottom and
sides of which were humanity, look
ing down from the heights above was an
occasional female face. The spectators
comprised, of course, all kinds, conditions,
and colors of people. There was the silk
hat and the little round hat over one ear
and the cigar protruding upward. There
were also bankers, business men, lawyers
and doctors conspicuous in the learning
and active life of the city as well among
the spectators.
When any well-known sporting man
came in he was greeted with shouts and
applause by the gooa-natured crowd.
For instance, when Justice McFarland
of the Supreme Bench of California and
Judge Campbell made their way slowly
down a crowded aisle, they received quite
an ovation of applause and cheers. They
smiled, but the smile had a sidelight
to it which spreads over the face of a man
who, biting a caromel, finds he has closed
on a lemon. It was an astringent smile.
As 9 o'clock approached the crowd of
spectators gazed harder at the ring, and
looked around for the principals, cheered
for them, and called for them. A brass
band struck up a lively march, and this
served to subdue the shrill whistle of the
youth who had poured $2 of bis hard
earned savings into the Corbett-Sharkey
till, and otherwise distract attention and
lessen 'be decree of impatience.
m
AMONG THE SPECTATORS.
Some of Those Who Formed Part
of the Big Crowd at the Me
chanics* Pavilion.
Among the interested spectators of the
contest were:
General Lucius Harwood Foote, poet, philoso
pher and ex-Uuited States Minister to Korea;
l)r. George Chismore. president of the Bohe
mian Club; 'William Greer Harrison, Horace G.
J'iatt, president of the An Association ; William
G. Stafford, secretary of the Art Association;
James A. Thompson, treasurer of the Bohe
mian Club; Joseph Crockett, ex-president oi
the Pacific Union Club; Lieutenant Fletcher,
U. B. N. ; George E. Hall, Charles M. Short ridge,
T. F.Boyle, A. F. Smith, H.M. Burke, K. Hahn.
James Graham; Charles Inckman, artist and
comedian; M. H. Weed; Lieutenant C'loman,
a.; Captain George W. Kirkman, D. B.
A.; George A. Story, A. J. Crooks, Harbor Com
missioner E. L. Colnon, Colonel Theodore Mar
ceau, Charles G. Yale, Harry Francis, H.
Mullins, Baron yon Schroeder, Supervisor
Morgeustern, Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, Frank Ames,
Kdgar Mlzner; Thomas Ruhm, U. S.
>:.; Solly Walter, J. J. Connor, J. S.
Matthews, SheriS of Monterey County;
J.J.Kelly, Monterey; H. Tyburn, Recorder,
Monterey County; T. E. Bock, William .Sproule,
A. B. ypreckels. Thomas Watson, Fred McNoar,
William Taylor, Gus Taylor, Theodore Payne,
General Walter Turnbull, George Mastick, N.
J. Briltan, F. H. Lowd' n, Dan 6'Conneli. Dr.
Hillyer, 1. W. Lees, D. B. Davidson, C. E. Bick
ford with party of fifty; Colonel Moore
head, San Jo.'o; M. Metson, Thomas J.
Clunie, Dr. Whitney, Phil Lilienthal,
Jerry T. Burke, Porter Ashe, Hugo Toland,
Fred Zetle, Alice Rix, Judge Campbell, Harry
Gray, Captain Carrington, U. S. A. ; Thomas
Cole, P. Hayne, Thomas K. Ashworth, W.W.
Foote. Russell J. Wilson. H. E. Vogelsang,
George Maltt-r, I)an Brewster, Harry liann,
Lloyd Tevis, William D. English, William Ham
ilton, Rudolph Herold, J. A. Fillmore, Van
derlvnn Stow, William Grant, Frank Michaels
George Loujrhborough, Alex Loughborough,
Frank S. Johnson, Albert Miland, Henry
Schwartz. Frank Burke, George de Goblia,
Thomas Dargie, George Hat ion, Thomas Wil
liams, Judge Greene, l>r. William Griswold,
A. Carry. Ed Zeile, J. P. Thomas. J. Ross Jack-
Fon, Lieutenants Royce and Arnold, U. S. A.,
Harry Pip«r, Captain Delaney, Jack O'Connor.
Dr. Morse, Dr. Fitzgibbon, L>r. Williamson, Dr.
Hart, Dr. George Redding, I. J. Truman, W.
H. L. Barnes, W. Z. Tiffney, James Gilhuley,
Charles Stanyan, Dr. J. Stanton, H. Jones, T.
Crawford Johnston, James Orndorft', Ed
Piercey, Charies Ford, Matt O'Don
nell, T. Allynn, Benjamin Cock
rell, Gustavus Maguire, George Carroll.
J. A. Kennedy, W. 11. Nolan, Joe Kennedy, U
T. Fox. W. J. Fox, Al Mornssey, Isadore Gutte,
Banker Wilson, Joun J. Crook's, George iimnt.
Fred Becker, Henry Birdoff, Cary Friedlander,
W. Duval, Ed J. Convey, John Fitzgerald,
John Kenny. Captain Bulger, M. Schweitzer,
John Sheehan, Phil J. Lawler, W. C. Barnes,
James F. Smith, A. C. Wilkins, \V. D. Shay,
Koscoe Salisbury, William McCracicen, Joe
Nolan, Henry Harrington, Rome Harris, Gen
eral Barillas. George W. Elder, Dr.
M. C. Peel, Eusreue Lent, Alex Truman,
John Curry, James C. Nealon, Judge Conlan,
Dr. Conlan. Mr. Morrison, Dr. Drucker, John
Kennedy, IV>p Sullivan, Jesse Marks, Nat
Goodwin, T. Daniel Frawley, Harry Stetson,
Al Stetson, James Hamilton, James O'Brien,
George A. Knight, T. T. Lane, Mose Qumt,
Chief Crowley, John E. Richards, Judge Tobin,
Supervisor King, Colonel J. H. Dickenson,
Henry Crocker, Collector John Wise, Fremont
O!der, Joe Morrissey, Attorney CreswelL
Jvdee Lawlor, H«rry Wise, Judge Barry,
Tuil" Troutt, John Dean, W. M. BuriKer. V. W.
Gaskill, I. M. Carroll, S. M. Horton, J. J.
Groom, V. Ferguson, Philo Jaccby, George
Barnes, Ueorge Boyd, V. S. McClatchy, Con
Mooney, Robert Y. Hayne, J. Boas Jr.
Santa Cruz was represented by Fred Swan
ton, John Lyons, Richard Thompson, J. Balky,
D Thompson, G. W. Burdett, M. C. Oaborn and
F. W. Ely.
Among those who came from points on
the Pacific Coast to witness the fight was
Jim Keating, champion middle-weight of
Oregon.
B. S. Park obtained a good flashlight
photograph of the scene in the ring when
Cnrbett and Sharkev shook hands.
BEFORE THE STORM.
Preliminary Bouts and the Scene
Encircling Them.
Many opera-glasses were leveled at the
notables as they passed down the long
aisles of faces. It is a fact, owing perhaps
to the stiff prices, that silk hats, white
shirtfronts, solitaire studs and the latest
neckwear were more in evidence than the
smug-faced and more bloodthirsty element
of the human family.
The crowd awoke to more cheers and
greater enthusiasm when the youngsters,
I Rochette and Howard, appeared as a sort
of footlight flash to tne introduction of
the two evening stars of pugilism. It was
like long pent-up steam that had at last
| found a way out. Hats went into the air,
and there was a yell for more "light!" As
a matter of fact, the smoke from thou
sands of cigars, and the chandeliers
turned low made the scene appear rather
dim.
When Billy Jordan, the old-time figure
of the prizering, appeared as the hoarse
voiced master of ceremonies, there was
another cheer. At this time the crowd
had worked itself np to such a pitch that
it would have cheered anything, and the
appearance of such a conspicuous person
as the man who would do all the talking
of the evening made even the seats thrill
with the vibration of the applause.
The tardy janitor was hooted as he
passed down the ai3le, the crowa im
patient for light and lively slugging, and
when a more brilliant blaze of gas light
j suddenly flashed out 6000 throats united
in a chorus of "Ah! Ah! Ah!"
Choyinski was the referee of this event.
It was a popular choice. His decision that
j "Rochette wins!" was followed with a
I shout from the crowd of "Good boy!"
The Davis-Smith contest excited more
! interest. "This will be a better one," it
was said. It was both better and briefer.
Davis went at it hammer and tongs.
Choynski was again referee. Evidently
the sympathy of the crowd was with
"Mysterious Billy." The decision of
Choynski that Smith won was ineffective
so far as Davis was concerned, for, after
I recovering from his grogginess, he re
mained in the ring.
The sudden appearance of Police Cap
i tain Wittman in the ring rout a hush on
j the vast assemblage as effectually as a
shower of rain. When he announced:
"The referee in this fight awards the fight
to Smith, and that settles it," the crowd
showed its approval by a burst of ap
j piause. Davis, who still reluctant and be
' seeching clung to the ropes, was hissed by
| most but cheered by a few.
CORBETT'S CAREER.
Success Has Attended the World's
Champion from the Be
ginning-.
James J. Corbett has had an eventful
ana successful career, with the details of
which Californians are especially conver
sant.
Corbett is now 30 years of age, having
been born in San Francisco in September,
1866. He received a good education and
subsequently blossomed out in business as
a clerk in the Nevada Bank. A natural
liking for athletic sports led him to join
the Olympic Club. He was for a time a
pupil in the art of sparring of Professor
Watson, and so great was his proficiency
with the gloves that the club lost no time
in electing him to be its official instructor.
The professional ring career of the
world's cnampion may be dated from the
time of his barge fichts with Joe Choyn
ski. The first meeting of the men was in
terrupted, but when they got together the
second time there was a long and spirited
contest, resuhing in a decided victory for
Corbett. A bitterness of feeling was then
engendered between these two celebrated
California pugilists which time has not
abated.
In a limited round contest with Jake
Kilrain at New Orleans the decision of the
referee was given in favor of Corbett, who
next met Peter Jackson, the famous col
ored champion, at the California Athletic
Club of this City. All San Franciscans
remember the details of that great battle
and believe that, although it was decided
to be a draw, the victory was virtually
with Corb tt.
His next big match was at New Orleans,
where on September 7, 1892, he fougbt and
won his memorable fight with the doughty
and presumably invinciblt John L. Sdlli
van, thus winning the title to the world's
championship. In his subsequent battle
with Charlie Mitciiell, the English cham
pion, the American was again victorious,
and maintained in brilliant style his title
to the championship.
Since tnen Corbett has been practically
out of the ring, though he has tried hard
upon several occasions to get inside the
ropes with "Bob" Fitzsimmons, the lanky
Australian terror.
The successful theatrical ventures of
Corbett with his manager, W. A. Brady,
his unhappy domestic experience, his
divorce and second marriage are matters
of current history, which need not be
dwelt upon, since they are comparatively
of recent occurrence.
The champion is a man who has brain
as well ai brawn, and it is his habit tc
make good use of both these gifts in all
his contests.
SHARKEY'S RECORD.
Began His Battle With the World
at Ten and "Drifted Into
the Ring."
Tom Sharkey, the sailor, does not make
any pretensions to fistic science or a ring
record, yet, according to his own state
ment, he has been the victor of a dozen or
fifteen brisk bouts. He is unquestionably
a remarkable man, of limitless pluck and
ambition.
"There's mighty little in my life worth
writing about." he said yesterday when
asked for some points. "To-morrow, per
haps, I may be a bigger man than lam
to-day. Whatever the result of my battle
with Corbett may be, I am feeling as
strong as a bull and do not fear to meet,
him or any man on earth.
"I was born in Ireland in 1872 and when
I was 9 years old ran away from home. I
took the name of Tom Kelly and for five
years my folks heard nothing from me.
Yes, I am a single man and have had
some pretty ham knocks in my time. I
came to this country when I was a boy of
ten and worked at the blacksmithing trade
in New York for two years. Then I fol
lowed the sea for the next eight years.
"I was always fond of boxing and just
naturally drifted into the ring. I never
took any lessons, and all I know of the
science has been picked up by experience.
"I've had a considerable number of
fights. Few of them are at all celebrated,
but every one of them was hard. I've
never yet been defeated. My eight-round
contest with Aleck Greggainswas declared
a draw, but as you know, when I recently
met Joe Choynski, who undertook to stop
me in eight rounds, the decision was in
my favor. I've defeated Sailor Brown in
one round, Billy Smith in six rounds,
Nick Barley in eight rounds ana- Jim Wil
liams in seven rounds. These are my
best-known battles, but I've also met and
vanquished at different times and places
Messrs. Thompson, Langley, Pickett,
Byington, Harvey, Gardner, Mulverhill,
Dunn, Miller, McAuliffe and Trainor.
That talk about my having made my jaw
a chopplng-block for my shipmates is all
bosh, as are many other things that have
been said about me."
. m
"THE CALL'S" PROPHECY.
It Foreshadowed Sullivan's Defeat
by Corbett at New Or
leans.
It will be remembered by the knowing
ones that before the Sullivan-Corbett
fiasco The Call was the only San Fran
cisco paper to come out fairly and squarely
and state that the champion's condition
was not what it should be, and that "Our
Jim" stood a far better chance than was
generally conceded by ringmen.
What The Call said on that occasion
may prove interesting. The following
THE SAN FRAjS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1806.
pertinent paragraphs are selected at
random:
Sullivan, according to the most reliable ad
vices Irom his training quarters, is in perfect
condition and fit io fignt for his life— so says
his trainer, Phil Casey.
Probably Sullivan is"in as good form as could
be got, but that is far from perfect-
It is out of the question to'suppose that Sulli
van, as he appeared in this City on his return
from Australia, could in a six weeks' course of
training work oft the handful of superfluous
flesh that lined his body without impairing
his really magnificent constitution.
The champion, if he hopes to win, certainly
looks lor a short and punishing flftht, and with
this aim in view he has trained accordingly.
Now, the question is, can Sullivan land on
Corbett when he makes that celebrated charge
which has driven terror into the hearts of his
former opponents?
He may, but it is extremely doubtful.
Corbett is as quick on his feet as the cele
brated pantomime pugilist, Ike Weir, and if
he can only remain cool and collected and
will not be subdued, so to speak, by the big
fellow's looks and general appearance, Sulli
van will find a delusion— a will-o'-the-wisp, as
it were— easy to see but hard to reach.
The Californian has long since mapped out
his plan of battle. He will tantalize the big;
fellow in every way imaginable, in the hope of
getting him to rush wildly at him. Rushing
and missing is more damaging to a pugilist
than a rush followed by a hit. Two or three
rounds of the former will get Sullivan with
bellows to mend, and then James will com
mence operations on Sullivan's face and stom
ach.
If Corbett is thoroughly game he has all the
other requirements necessary, and should, all
things considered, defeat "Sullivan on the
evening of September 7, provided the contest
will be allowed to go to a finish.
NEVER HEARD OF CORBETT
A Rich Hollander Arrives in
Town and Decides to
See a " Go."
He Tells of a Great Government Plan
to Recover Land for the
Peasant Class.
"Corbett? Champion of the world? Who
is he? I have not heard of him before,"
said H. Y. Spyke, a wealthy Hollander,
who arrived at the California yesterday on
a tour around the world.
And then when he was told briefly of the
celebrity whose fame had never reached
him at Amsterdam and of the fight to
come off in a few hours he hastily drew
out his notebook and on a blank space
below "Yosemite," "Del Monte," "Stan
ford University" he wrote "Corbett,
Pavilion (Mechanics')," and eagerly in
quired for further information about this
professional pumme'.ing so new to him.
The eyes of the man who owns the street
car lines of Amsterdam fairly snapped as
he heard of the brute force of the great
John L. Sullivan, another of the Ameri
can sights not on his list, and of the for
mer prowess of the colored giant from
Australia, and of the wonderful quickness
of Corbett, one of San Francisco's home
products.
"I must see that fight," said the enthu
siastic traveler, who had only a few mo
ments before been discussing in a serious,
business way the industries of Holland
and the great project of his Government to
reclaim from the sea an immense area
now covered by an arm of the North Sea.
The plans have already been made, Mr.
Spyke said, for building dykes and con
structing canals so as to confine the present
North Sea that forms the great indenta
tion in the north coast line of Holland.
It has not been decided yet whetner the
Government will undertake the work or
whether it will let the contract to private
individuals. The estimated cost is $100,
--000,000, but the land area of Holland will
be increased one-tenth. The work is to be
completed in twenty-five years.
There are two important economic prob
lems involved in this great undertaking.
All along the shores of lue sea live thou
sands of Dutch fishermen who for years
have supplied the markets of Germany
with salt-water fish. To protect this, in
dustry the Government proposes to re
serve a sort of inland sea, into which the
Rhine and other smaller rivers will be
allowed to flow on their wav to the North
Sea.
But the most important plan is that for
the settlement of the new territory. It is
all to be divided up into small holdings
for tbe benefit of working people. No man
who does not live on and work his section
will be permitted to hold one of the Gov
ernment leases, which are to be made for
long terms.
Cable-cars cannot be used in Amsterdam
because there is water everywhere only
three feet below the surface of the earth.
The great agricultural problem in Hol
land is not irrigation ; it is drainage.
In Amsterdam there are only forty
agreeable days in the whole year. It is
cold, and bleak, and windy, and foggy,
and there are sudden severe changes in
the temperature. Mr. Spyke is looking
for a nice mild climate for a married
brother who wants to try something better.
Mr. Spyke said that the architecture of
San Francisco is very ungraceful. Even
the Parrott building did not suit him. He
declares that as soon as he laid eyes on its
broad front crowded right up to the street
he knew no European architect planned it.
Mr. Spyke will be here ten days before
continuing his journey by the way of Van
couver and Yokohama.
COLD-BLOODED STUTZ.
Mrs. Borden'a Murderer Tried in Vain
to I ii Burn His Life for
810,000.
George Stutz, who killed Mrs. Cora
Borden and then completed the tragedy
by taking his own life, had evidently con
templated the course for some time. Last
week he entered the oflice of a prominent
insurance company and asked to be exam
ined for a policy of $10,000. He desired it
issued in favor of an Eastern relative.
Stutz was examined by the company's
physician, who discovered that the appli
cant was suffering from an organic trouble
of long standing. When told that the
company would decline the risk if sent
forward he displayed considerable vexa
tion, paying, as he left: "Some one will
hear from me later on."
Many of the murdered woman's friends
gathered at the Morgue yesterday to view
the body. One of the ladies urged that
the remains should not be deposited in the
potter's field, as she had left enough jew
elry io bury her decently. These jewels
consist of diamond earrings worth $100
and some finger-rings aggregating $50 in
value. In addition to this the claim is
made that she had some gold coins in a
chamois-skin bag which she carried in her
bosom. If this chamois-skin bag ever ex
isted it has not been found by the police
or the Coroner's deputies.
Mrs. 6'itzmaurice stated yesterday that
she would adopt Mrs. Borden'a boy. She
will attend to all the details of the burial
oj the murdered woman and will be as
sisted in this by a committee from Gettys
burg Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army, of
which Mrs. Borden was a member. She
was also prominent in the order of Com
panions of the Forest.
A Peculiar Will.
The will of Caroline Vetter, which disposes
of considerable real estate situated on Market
and Bixth streets and on Fell street, has been
filed for probate. The administrator named,
however, reports that there is no property be
longing to deceased. It seems that Mrs. Vetter
made a deed of iclft to her son, Frederick J.
Vetter, some time in February last, conveying
her real estate to him. The will was made in
1893.
The Durrant Cage.
But one more step is required before the
Durrant bill of exceptions is ready for the Su
preme Court. Judge Murphy yesterday ap
proved the engrossed bill, and now all that re
mains to be done is to have the record printed.
This can probably be done before the July
term of the Supreme Court.
LAMOREUX HAS
A PET SCHEME,
The General Land Commis
sioner Here From
Washington.
TOUR OF INSPECTION.
Would Facilitate Survey and
Settlement of Govern
ment Lands.
NOTABLE MEN IN THE PAKTY
Visited Yellowstone Park and Will
Denounce the Scheme to Cut
Off a Corner.
8. W. Lamoreux, Commissioner of the
General Land Oltice at Washington, ar
rived here yesterday, in the course of an
extensive tour through the Western States
for the purpose of perfecting his plan to
facilitate the opening up of Government
lands for settlement.
In the party with him were his nephew,
Frank B. Lamoreux.a lawyer of Wisconsin ;
Charles H. Webb, head of the big New
York drygoods firm of Dunham, Buckley
& Co., of which Governor Buckley of Con
necticut is a member, and A. J. Britten of
Washington, D. C, of the law firm of Brit
ten & Gray, and known as one of tbe big
lawyers of the country, partly because of
having framed most of the laws pertaining
to the public domain.
Through the courtesy of the Southern
Pacific Railroad a special train was in
waiting at Portland and brought the party
into this City yesterday forenoon after an
all-night stop at Red Blutf. W. H. Mills,
land aeent of tbe Central Pacific Railroad,
and Will S. Green. Surveyor-General of
California, accompanied the Commissioner
and his friends on the trip from Oregon,
While the tour is partly for pleasure, it
is mainly one of official inspection. The
office of every Attorney-General is being
visited, as is it is Commissioner Lamo
reux's purpose to see tbe land officials in
the several States, and to discuss a num
ber of important matters with them. His
pet scheme and the main purpose of his
visit is to have instituted a more rapid
system of surveys.
He wishes also to learn what additional
help each State wants In its land office,
this year's appropriation for Government
surveys being one-third larger than for
several ye&rs past and consequently allow
ing for additional work.
California, as one of the comparatively
new States, will have more than a third
extra work done.for she will get more than
a proportionate one-third increase of Gov
ernment funds.
Utah, California, Washington and Mon
tana all desire a speody extension of their
surveys, while the older States are not so
much concern«'o.
Since Mr. Lamoreaux assumed his pres
ent office he has introduced some of the
rapid methods he is at present advocating.
A few years ago the system of business
between the State offices and the general
land office at Washington was very com
plicated. From two to five years were re
quired from the making of the contract to
the tiling of the plat eventually opening
the land for settlement. Some surveys
made in California twelve year* ago, Mr.
Lamoreux says, are not yet adjusted.
Already he has succeeded in reducing
the time to a year and he wishes to estab
lish a system that will shorten the work
to six months. This he beheves can be
done by baying examinations made in the
presence of a deputy.
To save time Mr. Lamoreaux had Sur
veyor-General Arnold of Oregon and Sur
veyor-General Green of California meet
him at Portland, where he talked over all
his plans and schemes.
At Helena he conferred with the Mon
tana Mineral Commissioners, who have
charge of the classification of the mineral
lands of the State.
He spent a week in the Yellowstone
personally investigating the proposition
to cut off the northeast corner of the Na
tional Park in order to permit railroads to
bring the traveling public practically into
the Government reserve, on which no rail
roads can encroach.
The plan, as introduced in Washington,
was to changethepark boundary line from
the summit of a mountain ridge down to
the base. The change had been urged by
the Montana delegation.
Mr. Lamoreux says that he learned
that the Montana delegation had never
seen the place, and he also saw for him
self that the mountain side is heavily tim
bered, and the only shelter in winter for
the elk and antelope that are in the park.
He is now determined to oppose the
railroad proposition and to report ad
versely on it when he returns to Washing
ton. He says he thinks what he will say
will prevent the revival of the scheme for
a good many years.
Mr. Lemoreux will leave here to-mor
row for Los Angeles. From there he will
go to Salt Lake and Denver and finally to
the Democratic National Convention at
Chicago.
BALDWIN ON THE STAND,
He Denies Nearly All of Miss
Lillian A. Ashley's
Charges.
Says He Did Not Promise to Adopt
Her or Give Her _Any of His
Racehorses.
E. J. Baldwin was on the stand nearly
all day yesterday in Judge Slack's court,
bnt nothing new was developed from his
testimony. He was on direct examination
and tbe questions asked were propounded
by his own attorneys, consequently he had
an easy time. Miss Ashley's counselors,
however, promise to put him on the rack
to-day in cross-examination.
Mr. Baldwin's testimony was a general
and specific denial of each and all ot Miss
Ashley's charges, excepting that he
acknowledged having been intimate with
her at the Baldwin Hotel and at the Hotel
Coronado. He also admitted having given
her money several times.
The whole period during which the prin
cipals in the suit were acquainted was
gone over, and Mr. Baldwin's replies to
the questions usually were "yes" or "no,"
the most of the evidence being contained
in the interrogatives.
Baldwin denied ever having promised to
care for tbe plaintiff or her child. He
also said he did not promise to adopt Miss
Ashley. He expressed tbe belief that he
was not the father of the baby in the
case.
To the question, "Did she ever call you
'papa?'" he answered quickly and vigor
ously, "no."
"Did you ever say to her, 'we,' meaning
yourself and Miss Ashley, 'might have a
d aughter of our own?' "
"2s o, sir; I did not," answered Mr. Bald
win.
"Did you promise that if she would
become your daughter you would provide
a place for her in society, cover her with
costly gems, send her to school to com
plete her education and give her any horse
that she wanted our of your racing sta
ble?"
"No, sir."
"Did you say to Miss Ashley that al
though people 'thought you rich and happy
you were miserable and longed for a
friend ; that you were lonely and unhappy
and would change places with the ragged
est urchin in tlie streets for one hour's real
happiness?"
\\ bile the different phases of the ques
tion were being pathetically sounded by
Mr. Highton, Baldwin smiled erimly.
After thoughtfully rubbing his chin for a
moment, he softly replied: "No, sir."
Yesterday morning strenuous efforts
were made to introduce Miss Ashley's
deposition taken at IjOb Aneeles before the
beginning of the present suit, in it she
said that she was a virtuous woman before
she met Mr. Baldwin, but she has since
been forced to admit that she has her
shortcomings.
Baldwin testified as to dates and letters
which passed between himself and Miss
Ashley.
The trial will go on to-monow, with
Baldwin still on the stand.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Crew of the North Bend Has
a Grievance Against the
Owners.
The crew of the barkentine North Bend
arrived from Gray's Harbor on the steamer
Sunol yesterday, and they are now on the
warpath. Some days ago the mill at
Gray's Harbor caught fire and the flames
communicated with the North Bend. The
barkentine's deck was all charred, the
standing rigging burned and the forecastle
gutted. The crew lost all their effects
while fiehting the flames, and a few days
later were paid off Dy the company. Al
though they signed before the United
States Commissioner for the round trip
they did not receive any recompense for
tbe lost time or their lost kits and had to
pay their way to San Francisco. Yester
day they said they would take the matter
into court and make the company do
something for them.
Captain Hamilton of the British ship
St. Mungo is in a peck of trouble. He has
a negro crew and they practically run the
ship. They do as they like and come and
go as they please. A few nights ago the
men were ordered to stay by the ship.
The captain's back was hardly turned be
fure three of the men were over the side
and on their way up town. The police
will not interfere and the British Consul
cannot help the captain. Should the men
elect to go back to England in the ship
they will receive a warm reception at the
hands of the British authorities. When
the St. Mungo arrived here three of the
crew were in irons.
The races at Sausalito next Saturday are
going to be a success. An additional
event has been added. The mates of the
ships laid up at Sausalito und the mates
of the vessels this side of the bay are to
make up a four-oared gig contest, which
should be very excitine. The tlagsbip
will be the Orion and tickets for her can
be had from any of the masters in port or
from Captain Crowdace. The course for
the races will be from the Orion around
the Hahnemann, Wynstay, Ditton, Lynd
hurst and then back to the Orion. All
visitors with tickets will be taken off in
the ships' boats from the Marine wharf,
Sausaiito, to the various vessels in the
stream.
The special excursion to Benicia on the
Monticello next Sunday will not start at
10:30 a. m., as stated in yesterday's paper,
but at Ba. M. sharp. The occasion is the
wedding of Captain S. Randall of the
steamer.
The tug Barclay Golden is being got
ready for her long run to South America.
In order to utilize all the space possible
coal in the shape of compressed bricks
will be used. In this shape it is thought
the little craft will be able to carry enough
to last her to Peru.
T. Bailey, late head stevedore of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, has received little consolation from
the return of Senator Perkins. It now
transpires that Goodall, Perkins & Co.
have no longer any say in tbe employment
of the Navigation Company's servants and
that Superintendent YVard is supreme at
this end. It is rumored on the front that
the reason for Bailey's dismissal was that.
he coveted Ward's position.
The Mail Company' 3 steamer San Jose
arrived from Panama and way ports yes
terday with the following passengers: Er
nest S. Toye, E. Bacart, Adela De Chevz,
F. Alba, Ferd Arevallo, P. E. Woodward,
Mrs. Pauline Till, Herman Hecht, Mrs.
Alba. A. Wilhelm. Mra. Woodward, Dora
Till. F. Gonzales, Julio Alba, C. Martens,
H. D. Lombard, Mrs. R. De Chevz, Henry
Black, Mrs. J. Roca, Captain William
Olsen.
NEW TO-DAY.
We haven't any "cheap"
furniture- never had. Ours
is low priced and good.
The best dining table we
ever sold for $17 is shown in
the picture; not "cheap" —
low priced.
Quartered oak, highly polished; extends to 8
feet; (also 10 and 12-feet lengths.)
The best we can say is:
Your money back if you
don't like our furniture.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
ifT^T*" Mil JL^Jrl
When ordering please mention Call.
HEW to«dat:
HmiforTyiifJiiiF!
FIREWORKS!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FOR EVERYBODY.
LARGEST SELECTION !
BESTIALITY!
LOWEST PRICES!
Torpedoes, Firecrackers, Pistols,
Caps, Balloons, Cartridges, Cannon,
Paper Caps, Guns, Pinwheels,
• Roman Candles, Skyrockets,
Lanterns, Banting
. AND
FLAGS AND DECORATING MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
ALSO
ASSORTED CASES
OF FIREWORKS !
Put up expressly for family use,
containing from 150 to 500 pieces,
At $1, $2, $3.50 anl $5 per Case.
Note — Goods delivered free of charge In Sausa-
llto, Blithe-dale, Mill Valley, Tiburon, Antioch.Sau
Bafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, San
Lorenzo, Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley.
dlctorsweaTy
. This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions, Ex-
hausting drains of YOUN3, MIDDLE-
AGED AND OLD MEN. Gleet, Gonor-
rhoea, Stricture, Syphilis, Kidney, Blad-
der, Blood and Skin diseases, and all con-
stitutional and internal troubles promptly
cured. If you can't call, write at once.
Hours, 9 to 12 A. M. 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8
P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. Address
F. L. SWEANI, M. 0., 737 Market St..
. L. OnLANI, HI. U., San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Bavarian Lloyd Marine!
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MUNICH, GERMANY. ON SIST DAY
of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the Stale of California, pursuant to ■
the provisions of sections 610 and till of the Po- j
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by j
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $250,000 00
-ASSKTS.
Heal Estate owned by Company $120,916 45
Loans on Bond and Mortgage '2,'ZbO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 138,170 51
Cash in Company's Office 1,150 00
Cash in Banks.... 70,607 48
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,258 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion... 366,542 69
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Klska 22,612 62
Total assets $724,508 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid "1
Losses in process of Adjustment or I agi 050 00 i
in Suspense j v ( "i""'- Wl '
Losses resisted, Including expenses j
Gross premiums on Marine and In-'
land Navigation Bisks,' reinsur-
ance 100 per cent. 26,235 20
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, reinsurance 50 per cent:... 73,764 80
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 271,855 01
Total liabilities $453.105 01 j
INCOME. ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Marine
Premiums. $594,037 97
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 12,948 18
Received from all other sources 928 61
Total income. $008,414 7B
■ •> ..-:-:.;. :~ ■
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $55,000 losses of pre-
vious years) $406,653 65 1
Paid or allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage.......... 27,411 67 j
Paid lor Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers. clerks, etc. 34,765 61
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 2,177 28
Total expenditures $471,008 11
HASH PABST, President.
MAX VOGEL, Secretary."
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this lltb
day of April, 1896.
RALPH STEINER, U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters j
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th» |
lexual and urinary organs of both, sexes, and »
irreat remedy fot diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great. Restorative, Invigoratorand NervlnOL
Sells on - its own Merita— no - long-winded tejU-
monials necessary.
NAi!f.K, ALf'S St BRISK, Agents,
323 Market - St., S. t'.-^eud tor circular.)
NEW TO-DAY."
"^tATEMEIMT
OF THK ; , .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FRANKFORT
Marine Accident ani Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF FRANKFORT-ON-THE-MAIX,. GER-
many, on the Mat day of December, A. D.
1895, ah.l for the year enclin? on that day, as
made to the Insurance commissioner of the state
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and (ill of the Political Code, condensed
as per blanK furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. • "'.'.'.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid.up' 1  °
in cash..... .$■ 312,500 00
' ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company... ... ' $43,750 00
Loans on bond ami mortgage 604,32500
Cash market value of nn stocks and
bonds owned by company..'. 135,141 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, .stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. ..... 675 00
Cash in company's ollico 6.5 00
Cash In banks 128,047 44
Interest dne and accrued on all
stocks and loans ; . 22,175 53
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 50,224 15
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. ... 153,980 28
Total assets $1,144,840 75
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,531 00
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, $ , re-
insurance 100 per cent..'. 23,806 50
Gross premiums on marine time ■'• >
risks, $ , reinsurance 50 per
cent .V;... 22,059 25
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 43 75
Pension fund ;.... 7,440 16
All other demands against the com-
pany 5 107,081 12
Liability under accident and plate
glass departments.. .."..■...».'... 198,825 42
'iotal 1iabi1itie5. ..........„.....'.. $484,787 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for acci-
dent and plate Klass premiums...... $450,817 01
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums 411,998
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 28,904 10
Received from all other sources 42,376 25
Total Income $934.096 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for accident and
plate glass losses (including $
losses of previous year?) $ 105. 505 72
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 308,093 20
Dividends to stockholders 43,750 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 99,792 01
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 47,001 17
Paid for State, National and lo .al -
taxes 4,021 33
All other payments and. expendi-
tures ... 750 00
Total expenditures $608,913 43
.Losses Incurred dur-
ing the year $ $
. .
risks and pkemiumr. Marine Risks i Premiums.
Net amount of risks .;■'•■;.
written during the
year $118,235,422 $594,115 48
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 70,435,413 366,133
Net amount in force
December 31,1896... | 2,040.027 45,865 75
F. GERSON, President.
P. DU.MCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day
of April, 1896.
FKANK. H. MaSON, V. S. Consul-General.
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
J — OF THE
TRADERS'
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF CHICAGO, IX THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1895, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 r.ud
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. •
Real Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 223,550 00
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,318,349 55
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 47,500 00
Cash in Company's Oflice 1,468 05
Cash In Banks 72,351 85
Interest due and accrued on all
blocks and Loans 5,862 BO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages... 3,929 97
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 52,453 43
Due from other Companies, etc., for,
losses paid and premiums ad-
vanced 15,485 10
Total assets $1,747,269 82
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,686 16
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ...... 44,546 76
Losses resisted including expenses.. "1,465 90
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $831,-
-394 23, re-insurance 50 percent. 260,697 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $359,-
-899 12, reinsurance pro rata 201,306 61
All other demands against the Com-
pany 17,613 34
Total liabilities .; $568,265 91
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $669,379 93
Received for interest on Bonds and '
mortgages 14,706 17
Received for interest and dividends .■•; ■■>
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, , and ,
from all other sources .':.. 56.6-1 43
Total income $740,731) S3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $64,244 34 losses of pre-
vious years) $359,042 23
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 107,048 .10
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc...' 57,612 00
Paid tor State, National and local
taxes 19,162 37
All other payments and expendi-
tures .-....,:... 50,672 08
Total expenditures $643,536 78
Losses incurred during
the year (tire) $360,944 60
risks and prkmicms | Fire Kisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during ■ the
year $57,040,874 $833,694 10
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 49,931,262 751,083 95
Net amount in force De-
cember3l, 1896....... 61,472,748 911,293 35
E. BUCKINGHAM, President.
B. J. SMITH, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 55th day
of February, 1896.
E. S. WHITTLESEY, Notary Public
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESMJRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
910
ANOTHER VICTIM
OF THE DISASTER,
Dennis Griffin, a Laborer,
Dies From Serious
Injuries.
FOUR PERSONS NOW DEAD
It Is Believed That There Are
More Bodies Under the
Debris.
BRACING A TALL BUILDINi
The Work of Clearing Away the
Wreckage Will Be Actively
Begun This Afternoon.
Another victim has been added to the
list of those who perished in the Fifth
street disaster. Dennis Griffin, one of the
hod-carriers, who was caught in the wreck
when the Brighton House went down on
Monday afternoon, died at 10 o'clock yes
terday morning in the City and County
Hospital, and his body was removed to the
Morsne. He was sent from the wreck to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that the pelvic bone was fractured and that
he was seriously injured internally.
Griffin was the fourth in the list of those
fatally injured. He was a hod-carrier liv
ing at 21 Page street. He leaves a widow
and one little child. He was 29 years of
age and a native of Ireland. The others
who were killed and died from their in
juries were Jespe May, Mrs. Ernestine
Silverstein and Patrick McKeown.
Coroner Hawkins is still pursuing bis in
vestigation, so as to be prepared with all
the facts and witnesses when the inquests
are held, the date of which has not yet
been set. Yesterday the deputies im
paneled a jury and, with one exception,
the jurymen are all doing business on
Davis street. They are: J. Gallinger, 308
Davis; F. Gaughey, 306 Davis; 1. Er
langer. 304 Davis; D. Ross, 300 Davis; R.
Gilbert, 206 Davis; H. W. Rawlison, 201
Davis; A. E. Martinetti, 115 Davis; F.
Zann, 310 Davis, and Max Loebner, 102
California. The jury, after viewing the
bodies, was excused unti) called for the in
quests, after which nearly all of the dead
were removed to undertaking establish
ments.
The work of removing the debris of the
wrecked building will not be begun until
to-day, probably in the afternoon. There
is a strong belief in the minds of many
that there are at least two more bodies
under the east wall, where May was
found, and the other is supposed to be
one of Sibley's workmen, who, it is
thought, met his death near the southeast
corner of the structure which was the first
to go into the basement with a crash. Sib
ley thinks that there are no more bodies in
the basement, but his foreman, Davis,
when the boss is not near, expresses a dif
ferent view. He has said that he was in
the basement when the house fell and that
Workmen Patting Braces Against the Wall of the Lincoln House to Prerent It
Toppling Over on the Ruins.
there were two men at work there under
the corner that was the first to fall.
Several of the men who were at first re- I
ported to be among the missing have re- !
appeared all right, each with a tale to tell |
of how he managed to escape, but there
are two who have not been heard from,
and one was seen by the foreman in the
fatal spot mentioned. He does not Know
the men's names, because on such work
he usually hires the first likely looking
men who ask for employment. But to-day
the question as to whether or not there
are any bodies in the ruins will probably
be definitely decided.
All of yesterday was consumed in brac
ing up the walls and foundations of the
Lincoln House, at 20 Fifth street, which
work the Fire Department officials say
must be done before undertaking the
other. They do not propose to take any
risk of a repetition of Monday's calamity
and they say that the tail narrow building
stands on a foundation on the east side
that is none too secure. The first work
was to put up three 41-foot braces against
the wall, which will prevent it toppling I
over. This morning a long heavy timber j
will be placed under the east side to assist j
in holding the weight of the structure, j
This was pursued by Contractor Sullivan :
with a force of men and the work was not j
as safe as could be desired. They were j
forced to scale the high wall and make
their ladders as they progressed. Tackle
and falls were slung from the roof of the
building, and by these the long timber
braces were drawn into position and then j
lacked un at their footings on the street.
The question of who is responsible for
the disaster is still being investigated by
the Fire Department officials, and, judg
ing from remarks made by them, Sibley,
Davis and Gleason will come in for an
equal share of the censure. District En
gineer Shaughnessey, accompanied by-
Contractor Kelleher, who is an expert on
house moving and raising, went over and
under the wreck aeain, and found that
the situation was about the same aa stated
in The Call yesterday. The workmen
I had braced the sand embankments on
! the street against the cribs, which were
j only intended to carry the weight of the
building. These sandbanks were nine
feet ueep, and some idea can be obtained
of the amount of lateral pres
sure they exerted upon the direct
supports when it is remembered
sand runs at an angle of 45 degrees. With
a nine-foot bank the volume was about
four and a half feet square and seventy
rive feet long. Ordinary sand weighs
about one and a quarter tons to the yard.
It is no wonder, the experts say, that the
supports of the building were pushed in,
letting the structure topple into the street.
A!l of the facts bearing on this feature of
the case will be carefully noted as the
work of excavation goes on.
The crowd in the street around the ruins
was not so large yesterday, but still the
police were kept busy keeping the people
away from the dangerous places and from
getting in the workmen's way.
By night Mint avenue was well cleared
of the bic pile of debris from the wreck.
When one pile was carted away the fact
was revealed that the United States Mint's
big street scalps had been ruined. The
platform bad been crushed deep into the
space where the machinery of the scales
is located.
Every care is taken to save all property
of value, but nearly all articles are hope
lessly spoiled. Among the things re
covered was a suit of clothes supposed to
belong to Leonberger, one of the injured,
who is now in the German Hospital. In
the pockets were a watchcharrn and a
purse containing money. Pearl Wood
ward, whose escape from death has caused
so much comment, was fortunate yester
day in finding ncr purse, which contained
several dollars and some jewelry.
Many of the articles recovered from the
debris will never be taken away by the
owners, so effectual was the destructive
force of the falling building.
Gleason'B Denial.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Having seen an arti
cle in this morning's Call in connection with
the statement made by Chief Sullivan of my
very nearly having had a similar catastrophe
with the Langham building on Mason and
Ellis streets, I wish to state that the Chief's
informant is mistaken. I have never done any
work on the Langham Hotel.
P. w. Gleason.
\ Pickpocket Arrested.
James Hunter, alias >4 Kid" Vincent, a well
known pickpocket, was attempting to ply his
vocation in the crowd on Van Ness avenue
yesterday afternoon, gathered to see the
funeral procession, wfcen he was arrested by
Detective Graham and taken to the City
Prison. A woman who was with him escaped.
Hunter was sentenced to jail for six months
for vr.grancy by Judge Campbell about two
weeks ago and was out on an appeal bond.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 24— Stmr Werra,
from Genon: stmr State of Nebraska, from Glas
gow and Movllle; stmr Majestic, from Liverpool
and Queenstown; stmr DresJen. from Bremen.
Sailed June 124-Stmr MtLouis.for Southampton:
stmr Braunschweig, for Bremen; stmr Britannic,
for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrlved out June 24-Btmr
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived oat Jane 24- Stmr
Maaaiiim.
LONDON— Arrived ont June 24— Str Manitoba.
MOVILLK-Arrlveu out June 24-Str Clrcassla.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JONIS 25, 1896.
NATIONAL DAY
OF THE SWEDES,
It Was Celebrated at Shell
Mound Park Yes
terday.
MUSIC, GAMES, DANCING.
Addresses Made by District
Attorney W. S. Barnes and
Swedish Orators.
THE COMMITTEES IN CHARGE.
Full List of the Prizes and the Win
ners in the Several Spirited
Physical Contests.
The great Swedish natal day was cele
brated in a happy manner at Shell Mound
Park by the local Swedish organizations
yesterday.
According to the programme the exer
cises were to have began at 11 o'clock, in
the morning, but owing to the tardy at
tendance the festivities opened three hours
later.
The grounds were tastefully decorated
with the Swedish and American colors.
The Maypole, inseparable from the cele
bration of the Swedish midsummer day,
was erected in the center of the race
grounds. It was covered with greenery,
interspersed with flowers, and the Swedish
flag waved from the top.
It was a perfect day for an outing, but
being a working day the crowd did not
gain proportions until the late afternoon
and early evening.
The afternoon musical programme was
carried out as follows: Overture, ur op
eran, "Bjccaccio" (Suppe), orchestra;
Helsningstal, Forbundets Ordf, Hr. C. G.
Kjellstrom ; song by the vocal society.
The races were run amid great excite
ment, and the Drize-winners were cheered
to the echo. The winners in the several
contests are listed as follows:
Fat men's race, first prize— One pants pat
tern, donated by A. Peterson, tailor, 7l3J^
Bush street, Carl Thornberg; second— Onepair
of slippers, donated by Mrs. L. White, 38 Elev
enth street, A. Anderson; third— Two dozen
beers, donated by Carl Thomberg, beer-bottler,
110 Ninth street, P. Ericksou; fourth—Twenty
five fine cigars, donated by I. Tesche, cittar
dealer. Terth and Howard streets, C. Roiscke.
Lean men's race, first prize— Hammock, do
nated by C. G. Kjellstrom, Oakland, A. Tesche;
second — Bottle oi Swedish Cederlunds Caloric
Punsch, donated by J. Okerblad, wine and
liquor dealer, 16 Fifth street, A.Anderson;
MEW TO-DAY.
y^^^w Thp Flplicfht
FmmA Of Strong
/ IpO ) Manhood.
I 3 X IuUUIIUUUi
\fiiiiiT f vm^ M its possessor happi-
\>^ ness and fhi' admiration of both men
>g^^^^^=^_^^ and women. It is the stepping
>^Hsi stone to success in business. It en-
ables men to throw aside all barriers.
Who is the man who is always at the head of the great
institutions of his country ? The manly man.
Who is the man who throws aside all obstacles and wins
! fortune in the midst of famine ? The manly man.
Who is the man who, when other men hesitate in fear of I
i disaster, springs forward and snatches the dying spark from the i
ruins, whips it into a flame and lights the path to success ? He
is the manly man. /
The "manly man" is a man of nerve, of quick intellect,
courage and self confidence. He is the man who has preserved j
the power of manhood given him by nature ; or, having wasted
it once, he has regained it through the only absolutely certain
means open to him through
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Would you be manly ? Would you attain perfect manhood,
physically, mentally and otherwise ? Would you regain your
confidence in yourself, your nerve force, your vitality ? You
can. No man is so weak but that he can be made strong by Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt. No spark of vitality is so low but it can
be whipped into fire by this wonderful life-renewer.
Why not you ? Why not
recover your manly power ? Be //5L
the admiration of women and J vliliSk
envy of your fellow man. Be y l|i||§
I strong. Make your nerves steel, \l\~^d"V
your muscles like bars of iron. \)\f<!© J
Regain your sexual power, your ¥ W^^
j mental and physical vitality. M l/
| Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will fftk\&iCV
| give it to you. B?S<\\
"I can do the work of two . . , /iMw\ Bf
men now. My eyes are bright, Swi'K ut
my thoughts clear and quick. g Jr^L \ l^
I sleep well, eat well and feel x / \v<
like a new-made man," says J. \i\ V\
lA. Snyder of Cceur d'Alene, -AH \\
Idaho, in a recent letter. - "\n-
If this subject was one of ho!. L- _ ~ - ""^^^\
which men would care to speak '^ ~~ ~" — —^r
to the world this space could be made to shine with the gladsome
reports from grateful users of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is a modern remedy. It is new. It is grand in its work.
Its cures are marvelous. It saturates the weakened body with
electricity while you sleep. Electricity is life. It awakens the
dormant nerves and makes manhood complete and overpowering.
Much more could be said. Let Dr. Sanden tell you of it in his
book, "Three Classes of Men," a pocket edition of which will be
given or sent closely sealed, without marks, free on application.
Get it. It may be the opening of a new life to you. Call or
address •
js-A.i<r3C33isr BIjECTHIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 F. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
. OF i ipi c .ejS AT
iOS ANGELES, CAU , I PORTLAND OR.
i.04 BouUi Broadway. I 263 Washington streefc
•■ ■ -
third— Trfo bottles of wine, donated by Albert
Bergetrom, proprietor of the Capitol, 41
Fourth street, John Ryan; fourth— Two Indian
clubs, donated by J. Linden, 655 Harrison
street, Gustave Oissen.
Married ladies' race, first prize— Hammock,
donated by N. O. Winquist Oakland, Mrs.
Meudes; second— One years subscription to
Vestkusten, donated by Alex Olsson, pub
lisher, 921 Mission street, Mrs. J. Netzel;
third— Ten pounds Swedish "knackebrod,"
donated by J. Lander, baker, 121 Sixth street,
Mrs. Brooke; fourth— Two sacks of coal, do
nated by N. Gustafson, coal dealer, Tenth and
Howard streets, Mrs. G. Peterson.
Young ladies' race, first prize— Piano stool,
donated by Andrew Dahl, 13a Fourteenth
street, Millie Mendes; second— elegant fan,
donated by Mme. H. Anderson, 121 Stockton
street, Minnie Nelson; third— Dozen s2 cabinet
photographs, donated by D. Sewell, photo
grapher, 1025 Market street, Annie Peterson;
fourth— 2oo fine visiting cards, domited by the
WeU Coast Publishing Company, 921 Mission
street, Jennie Anderson.
Children's races, girls under 12 years, first
prize— Japanese woricbox. Mabel Verrey; sec
ond—Three Japanese baskets, Signe Swansen;
third— Paintbook, Ethel Gray.
Boys under 12 years, first prize—Pocket
knife, George Swansen; second — Purse, J.
Hinnice; third— Rubber ball, L. Roberts.
The tug of war between the San Fran
cisco and Oakland teams was won by the
latter, M. Lewis captain. The San Fran
cisco team was captained by Mr. Malni
atram.
After the physical contests there was
dancing in the pavilion, which continued
until the opening of the evening pro
eramme at 7:30 o'clock.
The band rendered several selections
interspersed with vocal music by the sing
ing society, end patriotic addresses were
delivered by Alex Olsson, District Attor
ney Barnes and Dr. Westerberg. Mr.
Olsson welcomed those in attendance at
the celebration and adverted to the ser
vices rendered the United States by his
countrymen. District Attorney Barnes
paid hieh tribute to the Sweedsand their
contribution to America's civilization and
National development. Dr. Westerberg's
oration was delivered in the language of
his countrymen.
Following is a list of the committee* to
whose labors much of the success and
pleasure or the day is due:
Committee of arrangements— C. G. Kjell
strom, president; Mrs. L. White, first vice
president; Joseph Okerblad, second vice-presi
dent; Alexander Olsson, recording secretary;
August Johnson, corresponding secretary; C.
Danielson, treasurer: I. Tesche, F. O. Malm
quist, George Wahlcranti, trusteos.
Reception committee— Charles Danielson, C.
G. Kjellßtrom, George Wahlcrantz, N. O. Win
quist, Augustus Peterson.
Floor manager— Joseph Okerblad.
Floor committee— L. Hammar, Albert Berg-
Strom, G. N. Turner, Charles E. Johnson.
Decoration committee— Mrs. G. R. Lindberg,
Miss M. Dahlbom, Mrs. L. White, Fred Sande
lin, Dr. A. Fehlen, K. E. Hanson, N. O. Win
quist, C. (t, Kjelistrom, Alexander Olsson.
Committee of awards — Joseph Okerblad,
Fred Sandelin, Albert Bergstrom.
The Native Daughters and the Native
Sons of the Golden West of the City held
a meeting in the office of the grand mar
shal last evening to make arrangements
for their participation in the demonstra
tion. H. D. Lansing of Precita Parlor
officiated as chairman, and Miss Mamie
Mcßae acted as secretary. It was decided
that the two organizations would parade
as one body, and all the flags and banners
are to be carried at the head of their divis
ion.
There were representatives of many par
lors present, and from the enthusiasm
•vinced, it is estimated there will be at
least 400 Native Sons and Native Daugh
ters in line.
Ordered to show Cause.
The administrator of the estate of Delia
Jaquith has been ordered to show cause before
Judge Slack as to why he should not account
for $3500 worth of her Alameda propeity.
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE!
7Tr^~~> ■ j *r""?i^f'i>"^ 4 i^ [ill ii |l it |
rgS«fe«^j^^L^^^g^ :m —fm. hJA 1 U 111/ ill •
M'iTTa^^?JJWT^r^!\^ r^ Saturday •••••••••• june 37, 1896
| I lS I 'J I ''1 1 'l**m I lillffiy^lfS^j^^W At 1 o'clock P. M. on the premises,
I at auction MURPHY STATION
-^—^ ArDRC of the Choicest Land in the
O5 U /^wivCr^ State of California.
Q^v ArDRC I " ! a "d 2 y ear old PRUNE,
OO AV/KCJ APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In 10= ACRE vp a A d rd TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soli. Its prolific resources stand at
the head of any district in this State. . ; •
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the home-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort wnere health combined with profit is at his command.
There are 10 pieces now planted in strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries arid Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for its luxurious growth of oak trees.
WHERE IT IS AND WHAT IT IS— About midway between San Jose and Stanford University,
I fronting the S. p. R. X. ; 8 miles from san Jose, 7 miles from Palo Alto, 4 miles from Mountain View,
i ami at the Murphy Station. The soil Is 40 feet deep, Is alluvial sediment and the very cream of this
rich valley. 1 his tract fronts on the main san Francisco and san Jose boulevard, and is opposite the
magnificent prune orchard of U. M. Delmas. valued at $1.,00 per acre.
To any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity.
t _-" t~jr. *-"" '*; ' "V ■ - „-- - — ."■ — -— it;. Iff 1"■ .lii I m T"\ v •m V
EXCURSION TRAIN
fc "-- TSSySihSS^Ii- 7 -' H 1 JJB^TPHSWBy To Murpny Station, near Mountain View,
lii^iiipili^W IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June 127, 1896, stopping at Vnlencia-street station, San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day.
$1.00 KOUND-TRIP TICKETS 1.00. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 26, 1896, all day. and on Saturday, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock A. M., and
• at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. M.,
1 from our representative. From other stations on the train, from San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo
Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds. l?Wi
TERMS— One-Fourth Cash, balance In 1, 3 and 3 years, Interest »% per annum.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 688 Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHIT TON, Real Estate Agents,
7 West Santa Clara Street. San Jose.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the state of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished.
by the Commissioner. -i:<{v-
-1 ASSETS. ; '/ f
Heal Estate owned by Company : $385,585 72
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by C0mpany........ 1,549, 50
Cash In Company's Office 1,129 88
Cash in Banks - 127,201 61
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 244.436 33
Total assests $'.', 307,366 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 38,589 95
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,545,-
-961 90. reinsurance 50 rent.. 772,980 95
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $882,-
-766 10, reinsurance pro rata.... 490,830 62
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities $1,537,814 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,896,651 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3.443 83
Total income $1,966,059 52 i
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses — $1,113,679 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 313,603 94 i
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charge; for Officers Clerks, etc.. 171,951 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.957 96
.All other payments and expenditures 149.964 34
Total expenditures $1,792,156 87
Fire Losses Incurred
during the year.... 51,062,339 00 ;/;
bisks * PKKMirvcs. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
■ written during the
year 15224,395,432I $224,395,432 $2,584,042 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 217,651,094 2,662.295 59
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895 208.943,226 2,428,728 00
E. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day
of January. 1896.
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
MAI & WILSON, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
5. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FKANCISCO CAL.
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds.
TREASURER'S OFFICE. CITY AND CODNTY
of San Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Dupont-street bonds issued under an
act of .he State Legislature entitled, "An act to
authorize the widening of Dupont street, in the
City of Han Francisco," adopted March '.'3, 1876.
are ht-rehy notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for surrender of said ;
bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at I
his office, in «he New City Hall, San Francisco,
until 12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 30,
1896.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds is about three hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars ($376,000). Bidders will state I
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered.
Bids to be indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. C. WIDBtSR, '
City and County Treasurer.
*-'^oStK^^sS*nM Bi£r «is a non -poisonous
*f'^!Kf3&" remedy for Gonorrhoea,
iMy^''" g^TO Gleet, Spermatorrhoea, i
f*3gW in l tosd»Ti.\js Whites, unnatural die- j
JumV Gn»r»oued ■ charges, or any inflamma-
nif not to stricture. tion. irritation or ulcer.i-
F ffiPrtrcnu contagion. tion of mucous mem- ■
f^ZITHEEvANS CHEMir.HOo. branes. Non-aetringent.
CINCINN »TI,O WBB Sold by DrnßßUtc
ifisipSk. USA T'Si or Bent ' n Pl a ' wrapper,
.2QiS?W/ ' J^PM by exprfsn. prepaid, fur
'^fiSM^r^l 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, C 2.">.
I *^*&SCfcS** p V IB Circular sen* or -• nast.
SM&Mi£& WLLCOX COMPOUND
TV WJLLCOX COMPOUND
ANSVP/LLS
™" Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Tsk*
•■OBUbstitute. For sale by all druggists. Send j
for Woman' Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC I
CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., phi i.ADA.. PA. I
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE-
-1 clalist treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stops
i Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases, j
; Sores and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo- j
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
; He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their j
, terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
1 Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
: Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer- ]
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. •
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patient* cured st Home. Terms
reasonable.
Hours— 9 to 3 delly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCOK McNCLTY, M. D.,
96% Kearny St. , S»n Francisco, Cal.
«- .Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
BIG REDUCTION I| RATES BY RAIL
FOnTIJAJXTP, OS=t..
SATURDAY JUNE 27.
Ami Kvery Fifth Dar Thereafter.
Leave from's. P. Co. 'a Ferry landing; foot
of Market St., at 8 p. si.
0 C II ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tour.
(pOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth la fflji A. OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. Clv
S r EC NOTICE
Thin train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
! sold or baggage checked to such points.
ftf~ Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Rate*.
For further information anply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, GOODMAN,
; ' Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 11:30 p. k.
SUNDAYS-? 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francinco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10. 1110 a v •
.t 2 i?s'5 3 p 4 M' 5 an 1 d 0 6 P^P S M. tUrdayB - EXtratrl ' ii
BU^, v 7 35 M. 9:<JBt 11:1 ° *. *- ! lAo > 3:4 *
• Between San Francisco and Schuet&en Park sams
schedule as above. —«™
San Francisco. In effect San Arrive "
San Francisco. A p,[f 2. San Francisco.
KjS ff> | W
7:30 AM 7:30 AM! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 fm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
/ Healdsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdals. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm 1
'- j~~I Pietn,
7:30 am Hopland 4 10:10 am
3:30 i 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 am — — 10:10 am
7 -.30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am | Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am| SebftstoDOl "10:40 10:10 am
3:30 pm 1 5:00 p.m] seD «"»topol. | 6:05 pM | 6:15 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, KPlseyvllle, Soda Bay and t.akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs- at
I Ukiah for Vichy s rings^ Saratoga Springs, Bluo
. Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City
, Fort Bragg, Westport, IJsal, Wlllets, Canto. Co-'
velo, Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rat is.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices". 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry).
* Rom San Francisco   n ing June 15, 1898.
"£> I ",, V , a i ley and Rafael -7:00, *8-00
6:i1r»K,35^ M A * Jt: * 1:15> a: -<>. 4:15 '
5:16, *t :ou, i :35 p. M.
Extra trips for Sau Rafael on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 P. M. ~"<w
_ SUNDAYS.
S^.^H. 1 . 1 ,V*i ley and San Ra*»el-*8:00. »9:00
•10:00. 11:3Ua.m.;**1-J:3j. •1:30, *2-16 •4-00
IJ-OOa M. 8:3 ° P "' i - xiratrl P » Saugalltoat
Trains marked .-• run to San Quentlu. »*12:30
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley
THROUGH TRAINS.
K^Srrt»3i n o Reyes » na w »* «utions-8:00 a. m.
Satuidays: a. m. * v " a *- 8 : 5:15 p. m. weekdays.
d For Point Reves « Cazadero and way stations—
1:00 a. v. Sunday,; I:^s^ nvtjti ti^
NEW TO-DAY.
(
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JUNE 30. 1890
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
Pacific-Street Business Property.
S. line of Pacific, 24 feet W. of Jerome alley,
or about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street.
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
above; rent $100 per month; cement stone side-
walk; lot 26x1b7:6.
Howard-Street Residence; -
E. line (No. 2107) of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath; in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood: cement walk: basalt rock in street;
Howard-street cars; lot 26x100 feet.
Oak-Street Lot.
S. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devisv
dero; this choice building lot is surr unded by flue
buildings; but 1 block from Golden Gate Park: ele-
gant lot for a home or for a builder to construct
French flats upon: street In splendid condition;
Oak-street cable and electric cars; lot 50x137:6
feet.
Western Addition French Flats.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Steinersis. Building comprises '-' French flats of
7 rooms and bath each. Br.ck foundation: base-
ment. Choice location; everything in Al condi-
tion Street bituminized; stone walk. McAllis er-
street cable. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet.
Railroad Avenue Business Property.
Building and lot (Xo. 101'J), west line Railroad
aye., 26:8 feet north of Servia St., or 13th aye.
Large building, of saloon and five rooms below
and seven rooms above; large and high basement
below. This is a business location. Street in
basalt stone. Klectric cars pass the property.
Large lot, 26:8x99:4 feet.
Mission Cottujje, Near Market Street.
, West line (No. 310) of Xoe, 181:6 feet Jsouth of
Market street. Handsome hay-window cottage of
i five rooms and bath, conservatory, basement,
; attic and stable. A pretty home. Must be sold.
Examine it. Castro-street cable. Lot 25x105
, feet.
Holly Park liooidencn.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of Patton street. Handsome bay-window
cottage of five rooms and bath, nearly new,
wash tubs and watercloset: brick foundation.
One block from Mission cars. Lot 25x1^7 feet.
Mission— Twenty-fourth Street Business
Lot.
N. line of Twenty-fourth st., 97:6 feet W. of Treat
> avenue. This lot is ready fo building; good busi-
ness location: street in basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; large lot 37:6x100 feet.
Outside Land Block No. 1092. '
8. - side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R st.,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first ayes. ; 42 city lots.
Golden Gate Park Residence Lot.
W. line of Clayton, 37:6 feet S. of Pago st. all
ready for building: fine residences surround this
lot: one block only to Golden date Park; Haight,
Oak electric roads: lot 25x106:3 feet.
Holly Park Kesidence Lot.
S. line of Plymouth aye.. 358:6 feet E. of Holly
st. and near Mission St.: pleasant surroundings;
street sewered and macadamized: lot ready tor
building; Misslon-st. electric-cars; lot 25x100 feet,
Richmond Residence Lot.
E. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 3. of Point
i Lobos aye.: lot ready for building: Twenty-fifth
aye. graded and macadamized; must be sold;
! Sutro electric-road : lot 25x120 feet.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, -
Salesroom 638 Market Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BOtTHKRN I'AVIFIC COMPANY. '
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave mid are tine to nrrlve at
nan HUM IStO.
i.ea7e — From Juxe7, ISO 6. — arrive
"•6:0Oa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:-S5a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogdeii and Kast.. **4.i»
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, .Rumsey. Sacrar
mcuto, Orovillo and Redding vi»
Davis 6:45r
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon. Kara, Calls-
toga and Santa R05a..............' €:13»
■:80a Niles, Bait Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Murysvillo and Res ,
ni.iiT 4tlsr
•»:30a Peters and Milton «7:13f
9:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Lob Angeles 4:45r
•:00a Martinez and Stockton 1I:1.~»a
»:OO.v Vallejo 6:l."ip
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore.. .... S:1&A
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •O:«Up
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations r7i4s*
4:»»Or Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, .-
Kapa, Calistoga, El Verauo uni
Santa Rosa.. 8:15*
I «4«Op Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Knigbl3 Landing, MarysTlll^
Orovillo at; 1 Sacramento 10:43 a
4sB9r Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7tl3r
4:3»r Merced, Berenda, Riymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 1 1:45 a
Bi#«p New Orleans Kxprecs,.Kresno.Bakers-'
•ielil. Santa Itarbain.Los Angelas
iteming, El l'aso, New Orleans and
S:»st 10:1 a
si#op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:10 a
5:00p Vallejo II:J3a
6:OOr Koropeaa Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:43 a
O:00i> Burwanls, Niles and San J05e...... 7:45 a
t7:O«i- Vallejo ;....". t":43r
7:00p Oregon Exprnns, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, Redding, Portland, l'ugct
Sound and F. r 10:45 a
SASTA «'ltrz IHVi'.iO.V (Narrow <-anire).
{7:43 a Santo Cruz Exiuraion, f anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... JBsO3p
Mil 3a Newark. Cciitcrville,S;ni.lose,Fcltou,
Creek, Santa Cruz and Way " ':
Stations 3:3«p
•8:13p Newark. Cenlorville, San Jose, New
Almaden, ivit >n, Donlder Creek,
(Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 1:20 a
J4:lsr Newark. San .1 Q3O and l.o* ijatos.... *[S>:.loa
COAST DIVISION (Third A. Toitiimchil Ms.)
•8:43 a San .lose aid Way stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
{7<3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations..... JB:33p
•:19A ban .)<>*«, Trcn I'inos, Hauta Crux
*?acilic Orove. Paso Rubles, Saß
Lulu Obispo, Giiada!npe and Prin-
ciiml Way Stations 7:05p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations :30p
10: lOa San .lose and Way Stations S:0»p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•8: 3O v San Matco, Menlo Park. San Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Prnos, Santa Cms,
Salinas,Monterey and PaciOcGrove *10:4Oa
■8:!IOp San Jose, P.icifio Grove and Way
Station *l;30F
*4:30p San Jose and Way Stations *b:oOa
5:30p San .1 030 and Principal Way Stations *B:4*a
0:»0p San Jose and Way Statious «::I3a
)11:45i- San .lose ami Way Stations ♦?:{■">]■
SAX LbA>i»KO AMI HAYWAKDn LOCAL.
7»(i:i»0Al ( 7:lSa
8:00 a i9:43a
Io!SSa Melrote,Semiß»ryP«k, Yt^t
'"ioSp Fitchbnrgr,S«nle»n(lro
»:00p SI ,nd ' 4:43p
4:00p ' ' 5:43p
5:00p Bmrwarilß «:15p
5:?,0p naywarai. 7 . 43p
7:«0p ' 8:43 p
S:OOp ._ x . . . —■■'-.i^' 8:45p
it:«»r « Runs through to Niles. 1O:.>Of
;-Hl:l5pJ tFromNilea. [ tng ; oQ|i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
"rom SAN FR&NIISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:08
•1:00 , tS:CO *6:ODr.M.
TromOAIUHD— Foot of Broad say 5 «:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *I:C3 12:00 *3:00 U-Zi
*'5:03r.M. ■ -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturday* only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
S Saturdays ar«.'l Sundays for B 1 '.' Cruz.
Atlantic i Jißl^6^
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrl v a <t{^3srßl%^»nK>
»t Market-Street Ferry. £§ts*?^off^t
SANTA FE EXPKtSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars lor
Denver and St. Louis. : _ _
The Popular S.vM'A #E ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
throueh to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery]
tad good meals in Harvey's dining-room i.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronic!* Bulletin*,THERE IS HOPE
FOR THE LEPER,
Five Packages of the Fa
mous Goto Remedy
in Port.
ITS CURES MARVELOUS.
Two of San Francisco's Afflicted
Have Already Been
Relieved.
WAS THE WORK OF CHARITY.
Supervisor Berjjamin Appeals Suc
cessfully for Funds Through the
Columns of "The Call."
Lying in the Custom-house of this City
awaiting the moving of the rather pon
derous machinery of the import laws are
five medium-sized but curiously marked
packages. The hieroglyphics upon these
packages proclaim them travelers from
the land of the Orient. Amid the strange
Japanese characters is scrawled in Eng
lish, "J. T. Marsh, Importer of Japanese
Hoods, San Francisco." Perhaps in the
vertical rows of Oriental character there is
something that tells the initiate that these
commonplace-appearing packages contain
the one hope of a groiiD of most wretched
beings. Perhaps the bare-legged cooly, as
ho carried these boxes along the narrow
streets of Yokohama, thought of the
frightful misery they were destined to re
lieve, but to the deckhand of the Rio
Janeiro they were rive packages for J. T.
Marsh of San Francisco. Nothing more.
Many months have gone by since it was
announced through the columns of The
('all ibai there was hope for the lepers
who lead a miserable existence at the City
l'e>thouse, living only that they may
suffer, and having nothing to look for
ward to but increasing suffering with in
creasing years.
Strangely enough it was through one of
the stricken ones that the story of hope
was first made known. Among the in
mates of the pesthou?e were two boys of
English parentage, but born in Hawaii.
Both boys were sadly afflicted with
leprosy, and on their arrival Dr. George
L. Fitch, an eminent specialist in this
dread malady, informed their father, who
was his friend, that the boys had not many
months to live. Then one of the boys,
Ernest Bindt, told of the wonderful results
which had followed the application of a
remedy used by Dr. Goto, a Japanese,
when Bindt was in Honolulu, he had the
confidence born of despair, that if he
could procure some of this same remedy
he yet might live and overcome his disease.
Dr. Goto was not a stranger to Dr. Fitcfi.
Several years ago when Goto was a young
man he came to this City and spent a term
at the Cooper Medical College. Even then
he was a specialist in leprosy and diseases
akin thereto, as had been his father and
his grandfather. Goto was himself born
in a leprosy hospital, and had been raised
with the thought that it was his mission
ir. iife to alleviate the suffering of these
unfortunates, who abound in his native
land. While in San Francisco Dr. Fitch,
who had recently returned from laboring
imong the leoers of the Sandwich Islands,
met the learned young Japanese student
and became much impressed with his
ability.
Accordingly when Bindt said that Dr.
Goto had successfully treated him for
leprosy, Dr. Fitch was inclined to give the
statement considerable credence, and he
advised the boy's father to send for tne
remedy. Fifty dollars' worth was pro- j
cured "first from the Goto Hospital in the
suburbs of Yokohama. This proved so
effectual that when it was exhausted a ;
Jike amount was secured, and by the time i
this had been used there was no need of ]
any more. Both lads were so far advanced
toward recovery that under the care of Dr. '
Fitch they became strong and healthy in
appearance, save that the fingers of both
hands were drawn close. Both of the
boys were recently declared cured by Dr.
Montgomery, and Dr. Fitch coincides in
this veidict. One of them recently es
caped and is at present earning a man's
wages as a laborer in the country.
When Charles E. .Benjamin was elected
to the office of Supervisor he at once
started on a tour "of inspection. The
prisons, the Almshouse and the hospitals
were all visited by him and in the course
of his duties he examined the Pesthouse.
He was much shocked at its condition,
and he determined to do what he could to
alleviate the sufferings of the inmates. To
this end he has repoatedly striven to have
a new pesthouse erected on the Alms
house tract. In this he has failed.
'•There are fourteen afflicted people
caged up there in a rookery in which 1
would not allow my team to be kept," he
declares, "and yet on account of the op
position of Mayor Sutro I cannot get
seven votes for the erection of a new pest
house lor which the money has been ap
propriated.' 1
While Investigating the condition of the
Pesthouse Supervisor Benjamin became
particularly interested in the lepers. Their
utter hopelessness appealed to nis sympa
thy and gazing in horror at their dreadful
lot he one day exclaimed to Dr. Fitch: "Is
there nothing in the world that could pos
sibly help these poor people?''
"Yes," answered the doctor, "There is
one thing, but it would cost some money."
And then he recounted the story of the
Bindt boys' cure and of Dr. Goto's marve
lous remedy.
"If money can procure that remedy,"
said the Supervisor, "they shall have it."
It was not a difficult matter securing
funds to purchase the remedy. A story of
wuat Dr. Fitch and Supervisor Benjamin
propos d was published in The Call and
a subscription hat was opened at its office.
Other parlies started out on a personal
canvass and in a day or two the requisite
|200 was raised.
It is a long way to Japan, and the
philanthropists interested might have
been seriously embarrassed had it not
been for the kindly assistance rendered
by J. T. Marsh. Mr. Marsh volunteered
to see that the purchase was made, and
this he has successfully accomplished.
His services and those of his agents were
donated, and the prompt arrival of the
remedy is due to his energy.
Although the five packages of the Goto
remedy arrived by the Bteamer Rio
Janeiro there is still a slight difficulty to
be overcome. The income duty on such
articles is 25 per cent ad valorem. That
would make a duty of $50, upon which the
subscribers have not counted. Supervisor
Benjamin, who was atone time connected
with tne Custom-house, says be is under
the impression that there is a clause in the
•ct whereby articles intended for chari
table Use and free dispensation can be en
tered iree. He intends calling upon Col
lector Wise to-day to see if such a clause
can be taken advantage of. "At any
rate," he says, "the remedy is here, and
we will have it in the hands of the Health
Department within ten days. If it is
necessary to raise $50 more I will have no
trouble in doing so. The lepers are now
c rtain to get the medicine."
Dr. Fitch, who has seen the Gato remedy
used in Honolulu, says it consists of pills,
to be taken internally, and hot baths in
water in which herbs have been steeped.
The effects of the treatment are said to
be almost immediate and in cases of anes
thetic leprosy the proportion of cures is
said to be very large.
"The notion that leprosy is incurable,"
said Dr. Fitch, "is fast being exploded.
Dr. Kitsato, a Japanese by birth and one
of the most eminent physicians in Ger
many, has recently declared that he had
an absolute remedy lor the disease. When
a man of his standing makes such a state
ment the medical profession listens re
spectfully. "
THE M'MULLIN CASE.
Judge Scawell Declines to Allow Per
manent Alimony.
Judge Seawell yesterday rendered a de
cision in the "-"se of Virginia McMullin
against Thurlow McMullin, for alimony
and permanent maintenance. The Buit
was brought on June 2, 1894.
Mrs. McMullin did not pray for a di
vorce, her claim being only one for main
tenance, based on an allegation that in
1877 the defendant had willfully deserted
her.
In his decision Judce seawell States that
the fact that the desertion had been appar
ently acquiesced in for so many years does
not bar the plaintiff from alimony, be
cause the fact of the desertion wos con
stantly going on. Neither does the fact
that Mrs. McMulii-.i refused to allow her
husband to see their child indicate that
she wished the rupture to continue. It
might indicate a desire to force him to
return in order that he might see his
child.
On April 13, 1895, the defendant wrote to
his wife proposing a reconciliation, but
this was refused. This ended the deser
tion on the part of Mr. McMullin.
Judge Seawell therefore awarded to Mrs.
McMullin alimony from the time the suit
was commenced, June 2, 1894, to April 13,
1895, when the letter of reconciliation was
written. The amount allowed was $800;
500 was also allowed for counsel fees.
Miss Hortense N'eilson, One of San Francisco's Embryonic Histrionic Stars, Who
19 Engaged to Play in the Boston Comedy Company.
i Mrs. McMullin's petition for permanent
maintenance was, nowever, denied and
judgment entered for the defendant.
BUSY AT HEADQUARTERS.
Woman Suffragists Preparing
for the Ratification
Meeting.
Numerous Sympathizers Visit the New
Offices in the Emporium
Building.
The Woman's Suffrage headquarters, on
the fifth floor of the Emporium building,
is one of the busiest offices in the City just
at present. Before the matting was down
on the floors of the three rooms, visitors,
who sympathized with the cause began to
call, ana there has been an almost constant
stream of them ever since. The building
is yet in the hands of the contractors, ana
is closed at 6 o'clock, otherwise the head
quarters would remain open all evening,
and it is believed that the sympathizers,
both men and women, would be in evi
dence tiil quite a late hour.
The rooms are numbers 563, 564 and 565.
Two of them are fitted up as offices, and
the third is a reception room, where Miss
Mary Garrett Hay, chairman of the State
Central Committee, is at home to every one
who comes to see her on business. Her
time is very fully occupied, however, as
she is in communication with sympathiz
ers in all the political parties, and has, be
sides, to keep in touch with work being
done by the women all over the State, and
in the clubs already organized in the va
rious districts of this City and Oakland.
Miss Hay is assisted by Mrs. Sweet, Miss
Susan B. Anthony's stenographer.
The two office-rooms of the headquar
ters during working hours contain a busy
corps of ladies, who are always ready,
however, to stop their writing or "typing"
to make a visitor welcome. Ti e rooms
are light and airy and are neatly but pret
tily furnished. Just at present what is j
occupying attention at headquarters is
the ratification meeting, which will take
place to-morrow night in Metropolitan
Temple. It is expected that there will be
a great rally of sympathizers with the
cause, and the programme which has been I
arranged leaves no doubt as to the interest
of the proceedings.
Charles M. Shortridge will be the speaker
representing the Republican party; Hon.
James Maguire, a Democrat" with a per
sonal sympathy for woman's suffrage,
will speak on the women's political cause
from a Democratic standpoint and Thomas
V. Cator will speak for Populists. The
rest of the programme will consist of five
minute talks by Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper,
Miss Mollie Conners, Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook Blinn, Mrs. Elizabeth U. Yates and
Rev. Anna Shaw. Miss busan B. Anthony
will preside. Admission is iree and there i
will be no collection.
Kreach of I'rouiise Demurrer.
Thomas Carter's attorneys have entered a
demurrer to the complaint of Mary E. Red
mond, who i» suing Mr. Carter for $50,000
for breach of promise to marry her. They
allege that the facts Etated are not sufficient
to constitute a ground of action.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO
CLAIMS THE STAGE,
New York Can No Longer
Boast of Her Actor-
Warwick.
LA FAILLE'S TRAINING.
She Will Take a Frominent
Part in the " Heart of
Maryland."
HORTENSE NEILSON HONORED.
A Galaxy of Embryonic California
Talent Is Well Recognized
in the East.
Dave Belasco of New York city has
obtained a worldwide reputation for his
heroic methods in making obscure women
with histrionic taleut prima donnas and
stars. But Dave with hi 3 quiet and sedate
Eastern environment can never hope to
compete with the virile climate of the
Pacific Coast. In other words, his brother
Fred is discounting him ten to one. It
transpires that Frederick is not a plagiar
ist of Dave, but quite the opposite is the
true state of affairs.
Kosalie La Faille, who last year was en
gaged by Belasco of the Eas,t, to play in
the ''Heart of Maryland," received a dis
patch yesterday bidding her to be in New
York city by the middle of August to ful
fill her engaeement in that company at
Herald-square Theater. Miss La Faille is
a daughter of San Francisco and at present
is a school-ma'am of exceeding popularity
and a subject also of great envy among
the young ladies of her present profession,
because she possesses in a high degree the
gift of acting. She will leave the latter
part of July for New York.
The old stage proverb that San Fran
cisco furnishes the majority of the histri
onic talent of this country is verified.
Witn her goes Charles Bryant, a San Fran
cisco youth, to take a prominent part in
the same company. In a recent letter to
his brother Dave Belasco writes: "If at
any time you have a young man or a
young woman of ability, conscientious and
studious, let me know and I can place
them in good companies. I am much im
pressed with the embryonic San Francisco
talent, and prefer to give its representa
tives a chow before all others," which
shows that Dave i 3 not only true to the
land of his birth but also appreciates a
goodthinp when he sees it.
Kosalie La Faille will take an emotional
part in the play. Emotionalism is her
forte. Mr. Belasco is putting her through
a course of sprouts in regard to falls, etc.
She works a la Mrs. Carter night and
day. A Call reporter happened to drop
into the academy yesterday. Miss La
Faille was in a horizontal position and the
building was still vibrating from the shock
of her recent contact with the floor.
"Does it hurt?" was asked politely as soon
as the future star had regained an upright
position. "Oh no; not at all now. I be
lieve I could fall from the top of the Odd
Fellows' building without any senous con
sequences."
Miss Mayme Nevada Heffron will be
another of the youne ladies to accompany
the exodus East. She will also take a
prominent part in the "Heart of Mary
land," and is an ex-member of the Colum
bia School of Acting. She was born in
Virginia City, and takes her middle name,
"Nevada," from her mother State. This,
by the way, will be her lirat name on the
stage.
Miss Hortense Neilson, the sister of
Alice Neilson of the Bostonians, is not the
least of this galaxy of theatrical stars near
the horizon. She has secured an engage
ment with the company of Kich and
Harris, the Boston Comedy Company.
She is a native daughter of California, is
well known here and immensely popular.
She will take a prominent part in the
comedy, '-The Night Clerk." She has
been put through falling, standing, walk
ing and articulating by Fred Belasco. She
commences to realize that acting is no
longer a thing of butterfly nature. ''Oh,
of course," said she, "I shall not sue Mr.
Belasco for compensation, and I do not
expect Mr. Belasco to do so either."
A telegram wae received by his brother
from Dave Belasco last ni^ht saying that
having won bis case against Mrs. Carter's
guardian he would be on this coast within
three weeks. During hi 3 visit here he
states that he will deliver lectures before
the actors of this City and the theatrical
students.
" / W*^ , 7£/ hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
41--J.-A «sIhI I Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj4<£.C-
GILROY HOT SPRINGS An Easy Trip
lijfi |§||1| ''' A riare AVhero X tlio Invalid <:■»» Surely j Since the new stage arrangements
" *■*'■ Kegaln Uealth-Wliere the Tourist to get to
3 i^^^rfv^? Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery, /ETNA SPRINGS
;^^^^^^^^^^^MiW*^ i \\.^ Whore th« Summer Pilgrim May Find
'~ =jl:^^?jF'^^^^^^^fey^t.' A v\i£ •V, ■¥'xi««i^ : ~ Kest, Refreshment and Kelaxatiou. _ , . "-~~T fill d with nat
3^^ . .. .  . . „ . ... Rwlmmlm: tank, 30x7!5 feet, filled up with nat-
:^^^^|^S ;^^SS^^fe^- A Mccc for t!i«' Annual Seeker After ;r,%E^j';^H''iE^ ub """^
"^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ "* itPpOSC anil IlCCliperatlOn. Take 7 o . c i ock - southern Pacific train to St.
:^^^lffffi^^f'Ti| 4 NS^^^^f^^ = " ■ A Rnral Ketreat, Whore the Adjacent Helena. stage leave* there at 10 a.m., stopping
,^!^Ba^^^aawß6gS(flP^^ 1 "iliy^r^* '~~ Hills Are Clothed In Carments at Angwlna for lunch, hut no long waits as in the
.^jf?^ ?^SmKSEMHW?E*^ of Matchless Glory Past. Returninij the stage leaves the Springs at
r«ra B^Bfi^ ~- Where the Ogre Malaria Never T.ifts His J"*; ,£r.w? k J?!"«7 8 Rate's Sl€»" 'oSU week.
T X Ohastly Head and U here the Raters For v Information call at 31S Battery St.,
-^r2a!SS^^§^^^fymßS3B^SS^S^ ¥*<*! Of oallll Own l ; reely I 10m Sa " l> ' railcisco - or a(ldre , 3 W. L. MITCHELL,
<T Nature's Own 1 ountain. manager, Lldeli I". 0.. Napa County. Cal.
i*^'siffit~~~*~^\^ -^ JL Third and Townswnd streets,3 % hours from "
"~ZZ~^2L^~<'^_ i »».-^_ •saKgjf-jic: — -^^. ■_ "~ ;- San Francisco. Vnre, $7 15 for round trip. U^^^A/^E3 8"^ SPRINGS,
— — " •"_ *~uajSBF ' n "iwil|]s?|Bapg!a= 355- stage connects with train Jrom Third and j n VVVHIvU P. O. PUTAH,
~ '^naE^^ 1- ■ ~=^»Laffliagr"~, Towusend streets. LiIKK COUNTT.
— ''""^SriWlTi,,. ROOP & SON, Proprietors. /ihanoed hands— renovated and im-
'___jmwbl— i^^^"^-" — " -- . v' proved. Accommodations— Table and service
.. *~~* i~ "~ ~~ ' 'mhii 1 ' ,:-. -•.:■'■ strictly first class: rates $10, »12: special terms
- —- -—^_ . Olltrri fOTIIiV 7 ! K'llYH ! for families; postoflice and telephoneon premises:
■ ' -, jAjiA til ALUM I^LliiU. round trlpWO: tickets at P. Co^s offices; cpi re-
• •,, ■- — . , _ „,,, I spondence invited. Address PKOI-. JUlifc.3
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896. | HEUGEN, Manager.
" "" '■ ' ——————————————————— __________________ _ ZAHN'S telegraph pigeon service dally, con- : ■ — — ' —
(HTTP nii TIfHT rmm uirui AMR CDDIHPC 1 Dec "^^ hthewlre3onhewofld \ altamojt hotel, Howards station
nr. nfln hPi nIbHLANu Mm W99sm^^ q-^ssixsass
IIIU u mi lnu 1 1 on the Border of Cleanse.- W^^M^^^* l^^m^C^^tj^^ sp3cial meB
SPRINGS LAKE COUNTY, CAI-i. i --\ ■•'LJ-m DAVI- ROBINSON. Proprietor.
TTAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF D°darX. K°jnnfs. SSBSfUKS^ ?ft I^^^^^^^^J OISOO.
- 1 - 1 - being one of the vosdbks of the would, and you like flue bathing, boating, hunting and fishing? pt^tttxo dft rfJTTTFni I IVf OUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT: 182 MILES
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as Co you need recuperation and rest afforded by over ro^t p T p«S^n».tinr ho iitarinV wild coat ■"•*• from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R.; air and
well as those in search of hkaiih. will bo well thjrty nd^of mineral springs? Shortest stage co« t exc.rs. on* ta | * » d §a" ■ cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
paid by visiting them. ™A f ttta^nd C _S» >- can bo had at Highland cm, pyrotechnic display* water carnivai*. grand g^g'^^.^^, ££?****' <*
bprings. concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotei , prietora. t.isco. .riacer ionm>. lai. .
The Fine* Summer Climate in Call- Fr l n - a Flnest mnln «- north of Saa and HONTE VISTA.
fornla. From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the rates, apply to _,__._ ____« - r JLv«n .
■ round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 50 WILMINGTON TRA^SPORTATIO^.CO., mHE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM.
~™ CTO ™~™,, ,-.~~ day or »1.0 to SIB per week. Take the S. F. 22« South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL Tine resort of the Sierras remlud Its friends and
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK. and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de- patrons to send promptly for full descriptive cir-
_ lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager. „ rt nFI HO SPRINGS. Sonoma cular to C. E. KINNEY, Proprietor, or C. M.
, , _ , _. tt H _, ban Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st. fl IT If|H \\ conntyTonly 4 1£ hours from iIAZARD. Manager. Dutch Flat Station, Cal.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism. liver, — VV h I' l ' V s£i ?r_?c? 8 co; but 9 miles *
Kidney and Stomach Troubles. ||A||l| 111 A O Tlflll 11 l\ II II II 11 staging: new road through ] rp.jp / -, r - X r C . rr»C
Will D Iff *1 Pft rSBIPJVf WI_IIUUU canyon new sanitary | |Hh (ih'VSr'KS
.„.,, mo TO *1- PKP WKFK ifilßSll II M3R l\ I ISIfl plumbing: natural temperatureof water 130- Fahr. ! 11 I L-, VJ L, I , ._. L.I\O,
TI-KMS SIO 1«> SSIj I ±.1. \VJ->tlt. 8 yiDI Bf PI IB rl ll|l 18 3 of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- Sonoma County, Cal.
'\ ■ WWOB hiiwiii iwi« • able wlnds: mosquitos and other annoying UXDEE >KW MA.VAGKJIEXT.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and Where Shall You Snend It? insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:ao "DATES $2 TO *2 60 PER DAY, $8 TO *14 PER
S. F. and N. P. Railway. n juati mv oycuu n. t a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Ronnd-trip ticket only $5.50. Xi week: all baths free.
. # m Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express. W. H. HARBO.V, Proprietor.
AHiirf-oa nil rnrrpsnoDdpnro to rartiftt Go where monotony 18 impossible, Rates $12 a week; baths free. '
Bpßi^coMKS^faS Fourth ■uSSTbT^' or where you may mingle with the light- j. g. mulgrew, Proprietor. nglin STIRMW 'If I) STAGE fOUPWY
Bartiett Springs, Lake County, Cal. hearted social throng, or bask in the sun- w^ T PRnPRfPTOiLrooDTDRV
ftlfflrin flAllrtnrno cinnivr<ci shine by the surgin ? sea, or stro l , under . ;^ CAPITOLA. 'V • ol^for^mnferS
P(ini?ff l TA\£!Rk\^ the shade Of the majestic redwoods! Wrtrl * -« r *' , parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
lilliriv WilVlllEiys>J ijl Illil\l>3. /3S*£ffTTTrd#>Y GEM RESORT. Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
mnn nni TIP ■ /in finmnr PaffiJliEti^'.KSlDHl . ivm..* *■»««• of trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
THR SKA KEAfiH H fli Kill J^^Bi?gJil_i 4 Santa C?uz ° f Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER lUD Ohti DDrUjCL IIUIIiLI, lj^2i!J#_fißi , r  , M h,Z w . ' "
• *TT* t *iU* l j-'' - Hotel at water sea cc: -rnr-r>« m c*r~»r->iiv?/->c»
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA. SANTA CRUZ, Cal. 1 nTin^r~7~ furnished and partly TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tnr , Tlfn TV . . r-AVvov nvTTTv jivti ■• ' • « j • i furnish'd cottages: frea fl Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
L ,, rvn TV . . convenient to Kan Jose amid Now under the proprietorship of ME. " *"/ M*ft camp ground; salmon Prices within the reach of all. Positive Kidneys
rrnzMounVain^ convenient to Kan Jose amid JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these of ME, | . *"/ W#ft camp ground; salmon Rheumatism, "out. .-rn.fula, Diseases of Kidneys
m nt.™ch?S t ™™™?£%"<&% 3 ™'f££ JOHN R. CHACE, Offer 9 all these oppor- L « $** and trout nshing ?nd Bladder and flivrinary .Diseases man Is heir
g e 3 ofrsoTersS 11 " 111111 '" 01 ™ 1 " tUnUieS - I* is the ideal health and *W F '^S&_____: to. *»^»f ffi£gf_ff 18 , B|xth St.
8S. B N"o "vHistior tne^ celebrated CONORFS3 i ure re3ort » nestling in a very bower of TT^^TaT^^TTT^r lake tahoe ■
SPKIN" mi nkkalwatek of the aikochaiy- ; loveliness. For further mformauoa ad- .________. iik -».-- k .-.- % -_ lARTF TAHOF
hemp class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia, dress J. R. CHACE, I \! Tft Stl O|II|S&IbiO L».*-M\.l_ 1/AIIWL..
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, skin Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel. I V 9 IRl\§'Kllllia\ -- .--....—. ~^
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom- . - I 0 I iBII«BB«liIBlIllJB l\/I^!/TMMr l \/'O
mended by all leading physicians. LaD 3 I VII VI 81 1 II VI ! I VI PK. I l\l IN E_, V £"*
.S^A^i^iFWmvmi!!?" 15 " TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES. SONOMA COUNTY. ' mV/I\ll^lMiJl \^m
Sl<i.\r,l> rOK Hi' Al.l II A>D l- ( JM.rUrwl.
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele- Jo**\ . » T .^t-«t xrv for ttfattr rfst Most Sheltered Spot oa the Lake,
phone and telegraph: good stables. ' W^tto mm A N IDEAL PiiAOr< tun « JiUjAJjiii. -i hJiat
RATES, *10 to $15 per week: only 2% hoars /%& - W ff #.>> HSSSH A POPULAR FAMILY RESORT: LARGE
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. \Vrlte for B V^ s« ** *Jl Si frSV ?t"H 2" »L rh» cpiphratPd I Sunn revV^r -A. new hotel, just completed; iron and ma(rnesi»
particulars. 3. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal. M s£l/*€l^l£4X/ \ SSu^prln^ "woXrtuf""^^!^"^^!* springs; dancing-hall and parlors; hot bath
>^ . M||| M /tf lirilWlr Table first-class. Hend for circulars. rree Boats and Freo Fi9h ,__ Tackle.
r' A ■ Li, I 110 DCtlUtlllll nII*" .r» '! fi{\. fTA I\fT!|T^|lT CIDDIIVfi^ No rattlesnakes, no poisou oak: table excellent;;
kA | Under the Old Management til) 111 111 II 111 NlKllll^ dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to $lvi
&7& B-t-X A N AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA vlv IV l/IJilVXl^l KJlllH.l\nWj per week. Round trip tickets to Tahoe City, $16.
i^+jKMftr'&m&i HOTFI ■Vr ft « 1 n c t V av« 9 'a^"AV" Hofei Tlnzad^ra^MO TWO MILES FK#-HOPiiAND.MBXD6ciXO ' MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
fßr*yviljwl > f J. *=* «-« MfisT I iv/ A 4 1.4 Irani leaves at j :■*■>. rioiei enzaaero raies, «piu i /^ A __ i ._ f n . .nnAaoirh an/i niananrp Th« hp«f ,  ., . ,„ , . . .
SIS imlm AM S^JK'SSST^-Stftf* &SS9tSS^S£^S HOME rest forjhb SUMMER.
I — — — ! when notified. Terms, $10 per week. dre.»i> P. O. box 226.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA. ;£> (\r AHOT F I Telephone at HO^ E^ PteSlaeat - P^ieSopoif «£££
1 J\/Wr\ I IV/ m. i A * -f : Address box 33. Sebastopol, Cal.
=SSE= HMOT r^l.. CALAVERAS 810 TREES. ISSIIS
unexcelled table, service and general appoint- FT^.?r fatties Kxcel lent Table » and newly- ™,^ „t , clt t ~T~p t m » «o- tl,« Clsco; ti^°'i' hunting, bathing and boatin C un-
ments. it is enjoying deserved patronage and h ™ m f; DaHv state piUhotfl for L\KE The Hotel Situated Right Among the BUrpaBB ed. Terms. ?7 per week. Excellent table;
'"■"qEO P SNELL Manager ET=2S « »- . s.^,» 5 ux_.w «p.». gaflSgl^vJirjaaaa^f
OEO. P. SNELL. Manager. JAS . »_«,__. .... c. BS BgJRXJSSK£~ Fi - « p^o p^ce _ f r^T^r
mill n&* tPk HOT SPRINGS, c nn » RAY HOTEL THOMAS COOK _ SON. 621 Market street. ley. $20 a month. IMA Ueary Bt.
8 BUB li R |81(| Montert-y conn- SUUA DAI llyjlt^^' S. F., Agents. ___^ . ATTRACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT
at?* 01 Be II a ! I tv - ( -' al - — The r^^r,. -pay crTP \tt.' 11 n\ rTF\R T.AKK ! ~ ~~ ~ ' XV rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
f El BB MHH SI I Carlsbad of Sifmoft^turelaneHoda Spring is famous tor ... »v , T  r , -. « v n t r^ ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particular*
I niiniwu A m f t^-Fot the^rvrm'Tdeirc^Swa^^ l\{ |> |[ WI\T and terms address box 85, Sebastopol, Sonoma Co.
nre, climate, accommodations, V.^TV u U taasn" a^'swim^ng lUAllll II M 1 " »jl liill TO, rro LET FOR SUMMER MONTHS-FUR-
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge , f*! 1 °° 1 ?: I ,™»»iH K ' Il Svwhf«^A fine bar loss i • } nished house near Loomls, Placer County. Ad-
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas- t£ n u TheX" uppM wlVih^very | The Gem of Sonoma County. dress W. DKWK, Loomls. :
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's 'i ", .v,» tnartPt .frnrd... and the comfort and wel- Nine miles from Santa Rosa. TTn ™, n ,- r „. „ nvTHPSi'i<iTiniii?.9fl
playground, croquet aud dance hall for families. ' )est th . c ™^ r ™g °c«e^ Slv look™ d^ atte* Free TXT "HITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-' H o ™^,?.* ' ridY"^"™ Santi Cr^^cUmate 'J?
S&Se'nttar 8 vSun^^ndMd camping^roS" 5^^ connect with the AY bor; the place wherejou feel at home T.W, &^u^n^^^nVnSiitSi\ s'auTngfro^
~ ' I ~ : • ..„. ~~- TJOTEL VICTORIA, BONORA, CAL,, THE
mSIAM 'WRINCK CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA, | ST< helena sanitarium, and e^^s m^^' ££*££?**& ■
iIMA XVVA »MIILU^\ Tocaloma. Bertrand's Hotel, narin Co.. Cal. j ST. HELENA, CAL. fflh'lUke^paUilfe 5 : Z ti a £Zn££SSS£&
California's Famous Mountain Spa! xpiRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE- RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN- th« Hotel Victoria will be found of the hichest
™v™ii».vTn»,..T „ ■*+ J? lightful climate for camping; dancinu pavilion, |IV vaiids, consisting of larse main buildinar, cot- order; rates $1U 10 *15 per wetk. JOHNC. ilOß-
havb rou iJKKXiHBRE latkly. croquet and lawn tennis ; tine irout fishing, bath- ; tages and tents on mountainsldeoverlookint?: Napa KISO.v, lessee.
JOOOfeet above Napa 77". climate tmsnr- tnir and swimminc splendid drives to Bear Val- Vulley. Steam heat, elevator, call bells aud night- T>LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT-NEW
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsur- {05. no S toflice express telegraph and livery at I watch" service. Massage, electricity, medicated I DLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
passed. Views magnificent. 1 able supplied from both hotels- terms $8 and Sl'J per week. ; and steam baths are among the reme.lial agents. X) hotel, now open many new improvements for
orchard and ocean, Held and farm. Hot and cold viCTOKW KRAUSS, Manager. Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful inoun the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
Napa Soda water baths. lelephoue and Postofflce. jos. F BEKTRAND. Proprietor. tain walks are arnon>; the amusements. > J ure over.the water; a naphtha launch, etc. -good fishing
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet, city office 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2t04 p. if. water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda- and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
swings and hammocks. New improvements every | x ' ny "*"** ' ; ! ! _ tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular. P. 0., Lake Ca Do not address Blue Lakes.
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re- j . — — — — ■ — — —
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM- ___._- ..._ -■_■ ■■«*■■«■ . QKYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
MING TANK. All ideal summer resort. Chil- MM ffl 1 1 |ftl MM U II Mi fta Cl Df\MITA HATCF O would like a few boarders: new house, adjoin-
dren's paradise: mothers' delltjnt: husbands' rest. Baj B lIV E Hill iTI ll B"P id . CL DUIMIU 11'/ I I_L< Ing church and Poatoflice; good view. For further
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs lIIWWHiniM ■■**■!■—■ - Tow OPEN - TO TOURISTS FOR THE particulars address MRS. H. M. CLOUGH, Bky-
l '-°- The Recoimlzed Family Summer Kesort JN season ; saft and fresh water bathing, hnntin*. land, Santa Cruz County, Cal.
: The in c °f n Sant a CrcTMoSni fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms A T BELMONT, SAN MATED COUNTY,
WHEN ITI^IAH in ie Santa Cruz Mountains. . reasonable. . O.W.MORGAN, A board for summer months; private family
VisiTlNO UlvlArl Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt- Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,CaU beautiful grounds: large rooms; 3 minutes from
VISITING sTop A _ the ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park lable " — — station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BaImont.
Bior ai uift excellent. Climate unsurpassed. ><end for souve- |_ ! , i .
DAI AfC HATDI nir. Btaee at Madrone every Monday. Wedues- CRirSI CD <»DDIMfi<J " UROOKsIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
tr r\.\-4t\\*>t-j lIUI CL. day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with uLilULLirv _)r IV l l^t VJ *-> , !J> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
TV. H. FOBSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS, train leaving the City at 8:15 a.m. v COUNTY. accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
rmiJSISTHENEWEST~IiARGKST AND BEST VIC PONCKLKT, Llagas. Cal. popULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE T ONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
1 hotel In Ukiah, and It is headquarters for X year round. Telephone connections. Round- Jj send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
tourists. % ikitriannir^Offk trI l' tickets at Southern Pacir>c ollices, $10: special I dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
. n r-^^^.:h l^ ot ss. 1 2^si7 n ,- INVERNESS. wsi^^&WS^Sf^*V?SS ov^SoSi^^TS */?* y o^ ■&'
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. TNVEPNESS MARIN COUNTY— 'i
~~ : ~ 1 privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated SARATOGA SPRINGS,
f)I IYTITIAV lIAITCir wX I 15 n oi^B^^^*?h.n*iv*o?Lr«lS& TAKE CO-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER . . fa
■ Bj/ll IA I fill 1111 1 \\h, onthecoast; beautiful drives: shooting and fish- Li resort In State: 8 different sprrn--,: good fish- X- MA
1 JLilall Ili 11 Vil ltvUkJJLit in - within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North me and hunting; accommodations hr.,.-ciass; rates - X" bHB*
. . ■ Paclnc Coast Kailroad. Stages meet trains. Apply $10 per week ami upward: table unexcelled; hard- "ry |Jj» fc>w» K"^».
18 Hiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line. . \ i" tv "/, daily 331 Montgomery street, room 51. finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS. Bach- A^^Ss^^T^^^ I* 4M*
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of 11 Al' vriil B V C<1)I) I\f\Vl I) II elor P. P., 1-aUe Co., CaL . . . fi_^S§9i__E 1 1 »« SSS^hl^^
IT cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of II AffTVfll l IIT ttDDIIVfi I7SDII /y^SlßiiisS HH! 8" HHBESEaE^*
JIOIMAU MM rAliJl walls springs. fflllil^ i llllli^&
or apply KRUSE&CO., '° 7 Front St., San Fran- \V ij,lbE OPEN FOR BOARDERS -. JUNE -1. TTnTKr AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS '''W.^BISS WMISS»?SS WS'''
Cisco, for particular?. W Write for particulars WM. T.ROSS, proprie- H noar the Kussian River . Terms very reason- .-«Xj|.P Cg£ WBW ? *$%
~~ ~~ ■ — tor, Oakville. Napa Couniy. « al. able> or p sr ticulara address *jj^i!^~JJ_^i_S^gßBBgS^S— ! l *~ ** *■,'
inmAnn nnnivn mrnnii «ir ■ mnn ' ~"~ JOHN TAYLOR, Manager, - ~~*" 1 ■ ' ■^^^^* B^-
ASTORG SPRING MINERAL WATER magnetic springs. "" ton I>oslomce - sonoma county - Tinmiif VMDIDP
rTHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: JX THE HEART OP THE SANTA CRUZ HOTEL DE REDWOOD It II J. JjJj 111' 1 lillJ-
-1 cures most any disease of long standing: cured 1 Mountains- hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt- nUICL UC< KCUVVWU ' A&V A JUU JJ JLTJL JL AliWiEJl
hundreds; recommended by thousinds in four i nK and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets TN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ FERE-PROOF, #
K^l'^Vro^e^r^Te^roV^ L^K^^S^."^ *"""«?*"' ! }£°^S?n££&%r£ S^nd^for^lSr Grand Boulevard and 6 3 d St. We,t,
County, one-QuaitermUe from spring, has privilege ' — — : — ■ I to M. S. COX, Laurel, Cal. NEW YORK.
of the water. ■ I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ncHATH'S . —^ ; ■ 100 single rooms. 100 rooms, witi baths,
-_.-__. „-- ttunting, FISHING. BATHING AND | |/| A M ATU < UflT CDDIIIPC 200 unites, 2to 7 rooms each, with private bathr
»?. HAZEL_GLEN. -tl camping out witn the toys, and never had KLAiIIA IHMU I vSrHlnbOi 10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
H.MCL.L, ■.UL.El^l. such a good time before In my life. Completely tjeswic" BIBKIYOD COUNTY. CAL/ f A Overlooking tentral Park and the Hndson Kltm.
OO D PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM- forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like J) no ted fishing and health resort. Hot mud 'and AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS. ■
'J Ily five miles from Cloverdale ; rates moderate, going into business again I tell you that is the BU ] pnur bathg> A cuisine and service vnequalled anywhere in
.Inquire of MRS. T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P. place to *> to have area 1 good tim ea nd comp.ete * ■ EDSOV HRO«» x. rotl - le tor q ' ■ America.
J. HEALY, 203 Powell st. change. .For particulars address A. B.MCMATH, EPSON BROS.. Proprietor. PMMBpn* crossing the Jersey ferries take either
" — ~~ Huiiviiie, uai. cth or 9[h aye a L ,, t0 c6th 8t (or Broa< i wa y cable
UdTCI CfIQTI AMII TAMALPAIS VILLA. SUMMER BOARD AT BIIBLHIBAHE. SSXiJStIA a SSSS. a^SZ
•VTOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE- Ing pavilion; salt water bathing. Address IRA G. HOITT. In .New York W. JOHN.&QN. QUINN, M», ,
Xi sort. MRS. J. J. CU_L_N T , Prop. . MRS. PETER SMITH, Manager. Holtt's School reopens Angust 4. WJa. r*U___, fropr. ; .
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
rade looks very much better.
ilver continues to rise.
arge shipment of Tailow to France.
heat and Barley quiet.
ats and Corn in fair demand.
Hay weak and cheap.
eans unchanged.
otatoes aud Onions weak.
utter, Cheese and Eggs week.
oultry depressed by Eastern stocic
egetables in good supply.
astern Apple Crop short.
ried Fruit prospects good.
resh Fruit generally lower.
ranges selling higher.
Hams firm and very active.
nother advance In Hogs.
Explanation.
Tn» arrow fliea with th* wind. The top figure*
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
Jays; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and h'nidredths,
Curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, conmct points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Th*
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low" j
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
ail'! accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows' usually first appear on me Washington
coast. Whtn the pressure is high in the interiot
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
.but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wlih a "high" in Ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
.weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result
WEATHEH BUREAU REPOKT.
IMIKII States Depabtmest or Agbicul
ini X , wkathkrßi-beau, San" Francisco, June
24, 1-96, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
.■ The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 98. ban Francisco 60,
Fresno 104, San Luis Obispo 76, Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 68, Yuma 102.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 5'J, mean 55.
The pressure is highest this evening in Western
Montana, from which section it diminishes to a
Blight depression in the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys of California. Northerly winds
Btlli prevail in the Sacramento Valley, but they
have been less severe than yesterday. The tem
perature has remained nearly stationary. The
conditions are-such as would indicate that the
'norther which has prevailed during the greater
portion of the past two weeks will cease within
the next thirty-six or forty-eight hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. June 25. 1^96.
.Northern California— Fair: cooler in the Lower
Sacramento Valley Thursday; fresh to brisk
westerly winds along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh to
brisk westerly winds along the coast."
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair; somewhat warmer Thursday.
.Ar.zona— Fair Thursday.
*an Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy and
foggy Thursday morning and Thursday night;
trenerally fair during the day ; brisk to high west
erly winds.
W. H. Haiihok, Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFW YORK. N. V.. June 24.— American Pugar
•was traded in to the extent of nearly 150,000
shares to-day, and the fluctuations in this specialty
completely overshadowed operations in the rail
way and miscellaneous list- The stock opened
slightly lower, but soon advanced to 116% on
purchases to cover short contracts, but a break to
ll:-P... quickly followed. Stock hela on slender
margins was thrown overboard, and for a time the
market, so far as Sugar was concerned, was de
moralized. No new reasons were Riven for the
break, and, in fact, none were needed. The street
has settled down to the opinion that the turn on
the long side of this specialty has been carried
through successfully, and that in the immediate
future, at least, the stock will luck the support of
influential parties.-
The break led to buying for a turn and a rally to
11 4(n.l 153 : g followed. Tobacco and General Elec
tric were weak for a time, the former on state
ments that the directors had decided to postpone
ac. lon on the dividend. The reports that a num
ber of Important orders recently placed with the
iiwii-ral Electric Company hadjbeen canceled re
ceived little credit. The railway list cut away
.from the industrials and in the late trading was
decidedly strong. In the last hour the traders
who are still in con troll began to cover and as a
result the best pries of the day were reached in
the cases of the grangers and the internationals.
I The market dosed strong in tone. Net changes
show gains of Vs@l per cent. Sugar lost 1 per
cent. The total sales were 669,000 shares.
- Bonds were quiet and higher. The sales footed
up $695,000. Kansas and Texas seconls rose 1
to 58%: Kansas and Eastern lives, 1 to 93; St.
Louis and San Francisco second sixes, class C, 1
to 116: St. Paul Terminal fives. 1 to 114, and
Chicago and Missouri .stiver fives, 1 to 110.
■ In Government bonds $25,000 coupon fours of
1907 Bold at 110.
Grain.
FLOUR — Easy; Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 55: do, fair to fancy, $2 45@
3 45:. do patents, *3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear.
?-J 40@2 HO: do straights. $2 95@3 55: do
patents. $3 25@4 30: low extras. *1 70@2 25;
city mills, 84: do patents, $4 20@4 25; rye mix
ture, $2 40@3 10: superfine, Hl 60@2 25: fine.
$1 Eo@2 00. Southern flour dull, easy; common
to air extra, $2 lt)(&'2 70: good to choice do. 92 70
(a [i. Bye flour quiet and easy at $2 40@2 80.
COKNMEAL— Doll, steady; yellow Western,
*'.' 05@2 10: Brandy wine, $2 15.
RYE— Dull, steady; Western. 39c.
BARLEY— Quoted at 34c f. o. b. afloat.
BARLEY MALT— UuII: Western, 48@56c .
WHEAT- easier: No. 2 red. f. o. b.,
7is/ 8 c; ungraded red, 62@72c; No. 1 Northern,
665/gC.
: Options were dull and steady at Vs@i/4c decline.
i-'emember and July most active. No. 2 red, June,
627/ 8 c; July. 62y 8 c: August, 63Vic; September,
63S/ 8 c: December. 65 Vic
CORN— DuII, firm; no. '£, 34c elevator,
35c afloat.
Options were dull and steady at unchanged
prices to i /8 c decline: September and July most
active. June and July, 34c; September, 34% c;
October, 35y 2 c.
OATS— firm.
Options dull, steady; July and September, 2li/ c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 2l^c: No. 2 white, 23y.>c;
No. 2 Chicago, 22l4@^'2^c; No. 3, 'JOVaC: No 3
wnite. 2214 c; mixed Western. 22@23c: white do,
24@26%c; white Mate. 24@25V4c.
FEED BRAN—
MIDDLINGS— 6Oc
YE— Feed, 55c.
: J| :£'< yrovißions.
REEF— Steady: quiet: family, $8 6009: extra
miss. $6®7. Beef hams, dull, nominal: $14 50@15.
'■ierced beef, dull, steady: city extra India mess,
$ll(a;l3. Cut meats, quiet, firm; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 414 c: do shoulders. 4Vic; do hams,
9V*@93/ic.
LAUD— Quiet, firmer: Western steam. $4 35;
city.s3 75@4: July, $4 35. refined, slow, $4 45@5;
compound. $4@4Vic
rORK-Quiet: out mess. $8 26@8 50: new, «8 76
(£9
.BUTTER—Steady, fair demand; State, dairy,
H'@lsc: do cif-amerv, lliA(aisV&c:: Western
dairy. Hi niali' 2 C ' do creamery, 113/i@lsV2C
do factory, 8@llc; Eigins, 15y»c; imitation
creamery. It)(ai2c.
. FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
writ clock & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE;
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main CB2B
J. S. rl Kiiy. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on - latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. .fii&W YORK,
CHEESK— Easy: State, large, 6V3@7c; do
small, sV2@7 Vic; part sKims, 2<Si4V2C; full
skims. li/i@'2c.
EGGS— Quiet, easy; State ana Pennsylvania,
11V2@12V2<5: Western fresh, ioy 2 @11%c; do per
case $1 50(*2 85.
TALLOW— DnU, unsettled; city, 3y a c; country,
3S-q(S3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Queit; Crude, 20Vic; do
off erade, 243, 4 c: prime yellow, 24%@25c.
TT'KPKN'IINK-Quiet, easy: 25S/ 4 to26^c.
POTATOES— Quiet: Southern, 36c@$l 50.
RlCE— Firm: unchanged.
MiiLASsES — Firm, inactive: unchanged.
COFFEE— Quiet: unchanged to 6 points down;
June, $11 70; July. $11 60: August, $10 95; Sep
tember, SlO 45@10&0; October, $1015; Decem
ber, $9 9&; March, *9 85. Spot Bio dull; No. 7,
13c.
SUGAR— dull; steady; refined quiet;
steady ; unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y 2 <ai2c.
PEACHES— Peeled, * u>, 12@13c; do unpeelea.
PRUNES— Four size nominal, sc.
RAISINS-Two-crown loose Muscatel, Si/4®
3Vsc: do three-crown, 4i4(K4Vac: do four-crown,
4Vs(<ssc; do London layer-.. 90c@$l.
BOPS— steady. State common to choice,
2^r<ißc; Pacific Coast. 2yfc(a>7c.
WOOL— Steady, fairly active: domestic fleece,
15@21c; pulled, 15(5,33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PICS IRON-Qulet. American. C 10801313.
COPPER-Dull; lake. $11 50@12.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. $3 02Va@3 05.
||TIN-Firm: Straits. $13 50@13 60.
PLATES— Moderately active.
bi-ELX.fc.ii— Dull: domestic $4 05@410.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, June 24.— Wheat continued
Inactive to-day. The trading showed a prominent
absence of outside interest, the scalpers and local
small fry keeping the market from falling into
utter lifelessness. The feeling was irregular, but
fluctuations were not important or broad and the
changes represented the sentiment controlling the
local crowd. The fact that new wheat is grading
well occasions some comment at the present time,
as it augurs favorably for the quality of the winter
wheat crop. Liverpool cables were quiet and V4^
lower.
Receipts In the Northwest were 371 cars, against
509 last Wednesday, and 195 a year azo Chicago
received 49 cars and inspected out 19,600 bushels.
Paris closing cables were 10 centimes lower to 10
centimes higher for flour, and unchanged for
wheat. Antwerp was unchanged, and Berlin un
changed to Vi mark lower. Export clearances
were light at 159.000 bushels. September wheat
opened from 575,g@57V2C, sold between 67% c and
571 4c closing at i-73/ B @S7V3C, Vi@¥»c under yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 17
cars.
CORN— moderate and active occasionally,
but at times was so dull as scarcely to constitute a
market. From want of any direct influence prices
accepted the action of wheat as a guide, to that
price changes were somewhat irregular and in
definite. Receipts were 287 cars and 172,635
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cables
were quiet and easy. Export clearances amounted
to 285,961 bushels. September corn opened at
28% c, sold between HBS/ 8 c and @-9c, closing
at tne Inside— Vi@% under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 400 cars.
OATS— Were steady during the morning, though
dull and uninteresting as to tra c. The lack of
business permitted prices to maintain a certain
degree of firmness, but there was nothing particu
larly new or encouraging in the situation. Re
ceipts of 169 cars were something below the num
ber expected. Withdrawals from store were 42,
--428 bushels. Export clearances amounted to 89,
-573 bushels. Weakness, due to liquidating sales,
developed during the last hour, prici s suffering :n
consequence. September closed Vi@%<? lower.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 290 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 79c: July, 79c; Sep
tember, 80!,4c; December, 82Vic bid. Receipts
were 10 cars.
PROVISIONS— The demand for product this
morning was unusually good and sellers were as
sisted in obtaining belter prices by the apparent
urgency and determination of buyers. 'I he hog
market was irregular in tone, some grades being
strong whilst others were weak. September pork
closed 10c higher. September lard 2>/2 c higher and
September ribs a shade higher.
BUTTER— market was quiet to-day. The
supply was ample for the demand.which was mod
enue.Creamerles—Extras, 14V2 C : firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, 10@12c; Imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, 10@10Vac; firsts, B^(g)9c; packing: stock,
t>c; roll, 6®7c.  ..^
EGGS— The supply was light, whilst the de
mand showed Improvement. The feeling was
firm. Fresh stock sold at IOmIMc %* dozen.
MONEY— Was 6@t% on call ana b% on time
loans.' New York exchange was quoted at 75c
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT — June 56>4c: July, 6614@56S/ 8 c;
September. 67S/ B @S7V2C
CORN— June. J5714@27%8S July. 27V2@27%c;
September, 2.8%-
--oats — July. 16@lbV'8c; September, 165 /8
1634, c.
1 oßK— July, $7 12y a : September, $7 30.
LABI)- July, S4 07 Vi". September, *4 22Vi.
KlJJti— July, »3 7zy : septemoer, *3 90.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., June 24.— The
supply of cattle on sale to-day was large. Choice
lots were firm, however, out other kinds moved
slowly and were weak. Receipts of hogs were
weak. The demand was good and the feeling, ex
cepting for heavy swine, steady to firm.. There
wrs a good demand for sheep at steady prices.
CATTLE — Recemts. 16,000. Fancy beeves,
f 4 40(si4 50: choice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. $4 20<5>4 35 good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. $400i'a.4 16: medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds. $3 80r<t>3 95: common to fair steers.
950 to 1300 pounds. $3 50(d)3 75: feeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. $3 50@3 85 ; common to choice
stocKers. $2 76(4,3 50: Dulls, cnuice to extra, $2 HO
@3 25; bulls, poor to choice, $2 @ 2 85;
cows and heifers, extra, $3 60©* 00; cows,
fair to cnoice, $2 30(33 50: cows, common to fair
canners'. $1 25(a>2 "25; calvm good to choice.
$4 60(35 25; caves, comirSon to good, $3®
4 50; Texas steers. $2 50® 3: Texas steers, $3 10
@>3 85: Texas cows and bulls. $2 10@2 75: milkers
and springers, pel head, $'20@35.
' HOGS— Receipts, 29,000. Heavy packlnz ana
shipping lots, $3 05C<£3 30: common to choice
mixed. S3 30&3 40: choice assorted. $3 50&3 55;
light, $3 30@3 50; pigs. $2 55{53 65.
SB KEf- Receipts. 14.00U inferior 10 cnolca,
$21^4 25: lambs, $3@6 45.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N.Y., June 24.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc
tion to-day, realizing the following prices: Prunes
—Tragedy, $3(ffi3 65 half crate. Plums— Royal
Hatlve, $1 60 fi half crate: Clyman, $1 30@2 10.
Peaches— Alexander, $1 15c@l 60 f* box. Apri
cots—Royal. $I@l 30 % half crate.
The Producers' Fruit Company sold as follows:
Aprlcois, 95c@$l 25. Plums-Royal Hative,
$l;30@l 50. Peaches— Alexander, $1 15@1 45.
Tragedy, $3@4 75. '
Porter Bros. Company sold: Pears— Bartletts,
$4 25@4 30. Cherries— Royal Anne. $1 40(5)2 65;
Black Oregon $1 80@2 10. Prunes— Tragedy,
$2 26; simonl. $1 6()fo".'. Plums— Clyman, $1 25
<&2; Koenig Claude, $1 65: St. Catherine, $1 75.
Peaches— Alexander, 70@$l 95c. Apricots-
Royal, 35c@$l 05.
BOSTON , Mass., June 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the neutral auction
to-day at the following prices: Plums— Clyman,
$2 70 per half crate. Peaches— Alexander, $1 25@
150 per box: Brlggs Early May, $128. Apricots
—Royal 80c@$l Oo per half crate.
The Porter Bros. Company sold: Prunes—
Tragedy, $3 85. Plums— Abundance, $2 60; St.
Catherine, $1 70: Cherry. $1 45; Royal Hative,
$1 40. Peaches— Alexanders, $1 30@l 40. Apri
cots—Royals 80c@$l.
CHICAGO, 111., June 24.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Consolidated Auc
tion to-day, realizing the following prices: Prunes-
Tragedy, $2(@2 10 per half-crate. Plums—Abund
ance, $1 306&2 05 per naif-crate; Clyman, $1 15@
1 35: Royal Hatlve, $1 05@l 25; Slmoui, $1 25;
St. Catherine, 90c@?l '-'0: Yellow June, #1.
Peaches— Alexander, 75c@$l per box; Hales
Early, 85@90c; Garland, 75@85c. Apricots-
Royal, 80<$90c per half-crate. Pears— Madeline,
half-boxes. 75c.
Porter Bros. Company sold: Cherries— Tartar!
ans, $1 80: Royal Annes, $1 35. Plums— Royal
Hatives, $1 25; Clymans, 90c@$l. Prunes—Si
mon!, 6.V@sl 20. Apricots— Royals, Montgamets
and others, 65@85c Peaches— Alexanders, 45
@70c.
BUFFALO, N. V.. June 24.— The Producer*'
Fruit Company sold California fruit in the Con
solidated Auction to-day as follows: Plums— sl 70.
Peaches— Bsc@sl 45. Apricots— sl 15@1 75.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 24.— The Producers'
Fruit Company sold California fruit at auction to
day as follows: Peaches— 4s@7oc. Apricots— sl.
MONTREAL, Quebec. June 24.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at open auc
tion to-day, at the following prices: Plums— sl 25
@1 65 per naif-crate. Apricots— 76c@sl 05 per
half-crate. Peaches— sl 10 per half-crate; boxes,
50c@$l 05.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 24.— Porter Bros.
Company sold at auction | to-day California fruit
as follows: .Plums— Clymans, $1 50, Apricots-
Royals, 65@75c. Alexanders, 60@80c.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Rullroad
Shares.
Money on cal! has been easy at 1%@2%; last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4Vi@s%. Bar stiver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
53%@543^c. Sterling •Exchange Is dull, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87 Vi
for 60 days and $4 88@4 BS Vi for demand. Post
ed rates, $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills. $4 H6(w
4 8634. Government bonds dull: State bonds
dull; railroad bonds quiet. Sliver at the board was
firm.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91% Norfolk & Westrn . 4
Atchlson...... 14y 4 | Preferred. 9y 4
Preferred 2114 Northern Pacific. 4Vi
Adams Express 147 Preferred 13 ,4
Alton, Terre Haute 56 Northwestern lo^a
American ExpressllZ Preferred... 148
American Tobacco. 6534 N. Y. Central . . 97
■ Preferred 98% N.Y..Chicago&».L. 12
Bay State Gas ...24 , Ist preferred 70
Baltimore <fe Ohio.. 18% 2d preferred 30 .
Brunswick Lands.. Vi N. Y.<fe N. H 172
buffalo, Roch <t P. 16% N. V. & New Eng. 40y 2
Canada Pacific... HI N. V., susq & W... *Vl
Canada Southern.. 49% Preferred......... 24
Canton Land 60% Ontario. 13
Central Pacific... 16Vi Ontario & Western 13'/«
Cues. A. Ohio j. 53 Oregon Improvmut iS
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred.........
Preferred.. ;.:....J7o Oregon Navigation 14 '
Chicago, B. & a... 77»/ 8 Oregon Snort Line. 8
■ - . ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
Chica«o<fc E. 111... 41 PaclficMall 2434
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. & Evans IVi
ChlcagoGas 67 Pittsburg <fe W T . pfd 15
Cleve«fc Pittsbnrg. . 163 IPullman Palace 156
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .158 | Preferred 11
C. C. C. &SL Louis 32 ißeading 161/4
Preferred. 75 IRioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel* iron.. 26 I Preferred 40
Preferred 100 Hock Island 69^
Cotton Oil Cert 1 234 Rome Wat<fcOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 jst. L. <fc S. W 4S/ 8
Dei. Hudson 125 I Preferred 10
Del.Lack&Westrn.ieO Ist. Paul 77%
Denver <t R. O 12y 2 | Preferred. 128y a
Preferred. 47:>/ 4 iSt. Paul <fe Duluth. 20
Distillers 16 ' Preferred 85-
General Electric... 30y*St. Paul & Omaha. 42y 3
Erie 14 : Preferred 123
Preferred 343/^St. P. M. & M 112
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 695/s
Great Northern pfdl 16 Southern Pacific... 18\a
Green Bay y% Soutnern K. R 9
Harlem 295 : Preferred 28
Hocking Coal 1 ISugar Refinery ... .lisy*
Hocking Valley... 15 \ Preferred 102
Homestake. 33 Term. Coal & Iron. 2H%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 04 Texas Pacific 7y2
lowa Central By»Tol.A.A.& N.Mich.
Preferred 32 VfcjTol. & Ohio Cent. . . 30
Kansas <fe Texas... lis/»| Preferred. 70
Preferred 24Vi|Tol.SuLouis<fcK.C. 5
Kingston <& Pern... 3 j Preferred 6
Lake Erie & Westn 17S/a Union Pacific 7«y»
Preferred 69 :U. P. Den <fe Gulf.. 2y 3
Lake Shore 161 iv. S. Coraage syj
National Lead 23141 Preferred 10
Preferred 89 Guaranteed 2oy a
Loim Island 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville <fc Nash. 50>4U.S. Leather BMI
Louisville Ma <fcCh 8y 4 : Preferred 60y 3
Preferred.. .... 19 iv. S. Rubber 18
Manhattan C0n501. 10234 Preferred 77ya
Memphis & Charts. 15 Utlca <fc B. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... 0^ Wab. b. L. & Pac.. 6Va
Michigan Central.. 96 j Preferred It 3 A
Minn&aL. |Wells-Fargo 96
Preferred (Western Union.... 84%
Minn & St. Lcom. 17 'Wisconsin Central. iy 2
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling &L. E.. »y 8
2d preferred 46 Preferred 34y 8
Missouri Pacific... 23y 2 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 54V<i
Mobile* Ohio 20 |W. U. Beef 8
Nashville <fc Chatt. 68 |Ann Arbor H l /*
National Linseed.. 20 Preferred 24
N. J. Central 106 Brooklyn Traction. 22i/fc
North American... 5y 8 Erie 2d pfd 2H/i
CLOBINO BONDS.
U S 4s, registered.. 108% M X T 2ds 68^
Do 4s. coupon.... 1093,4 Do 4s 82
U Sisnew, regstrdll7 Mutual Union 65... 11 4
Do 4s, coupon 117 ;N J Cent Gen 65... 120
Do 2s 943AiNorthernPaclsts.ll 6V3
Do 6s 113 Do2ds 1103^
1 06s. coupon 113 Do3ds 67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l4l
Do 1887 100 Do deb 6s 110
Do 1898 10l» OR& M lsts. 11l 14
Do 1899 100 St L&lronMtGen 5s 78
Pacific -is of '95.... St L<t S F Gen 65.113 V%
D C 3-65s 10y 1/4 St Paul Consols. . . .132 >/_
Ala Class A4s 103 St P C <fe Pa lsts. ..119
Do Class 84, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 110
La Consol 4s 95 Southern R R 55.. . 93
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsis. S5
N Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 21
Do 4s 100 Union Pac lsts '86.103%
So Carolina 4Vis... 106 West Shore 4s. 10tj:y 4
Term new 3s 80 Mobile <fe Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... 69 Vfc R Grande West lsls 76%
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio 65. ...107
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 4s 79
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do 2ds A *oi/i
Canada South 2ds. 106 G H A S A 6s 101
Cen Pac lstsof '9s.lo3l/s Do2d7s 97y a
Den A P. G Jst lll^H * Tex Cent 65.. 109
Do 4s 92 ' Docon6s. 100
Erie lids 65 V»| Reading 4s 793/ 4
Kansas Pa Consols 7oy 2 ! Missouri 6a. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divllli/4!
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IV LIVKRFOOU
LIVERPOt3L, Esu., June 24.— The spot market
Is quiet at as 3d@ss 4d. Cargoes steady at 26s I . 2 d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FI'TCRKS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 10y 2 d; July. 4s 10y 2 d; August, is UH/fcd; Sep
te 1 bt-r, 4s 10V 2 d: October, 4s 10y a o.
SKCI'RITIES.
LONDON, ENa, June 24.— Consols. 112 15-16;
silver, 311/ ad; French Rentes, lOlf 17y 3 c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $488
sterling Kxchange, sight — 4 89
scr.iiic Cables — 4b9V4
New York Kxchange, sight — l'-V2
Nfw York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, V- ouuee — 68%
Mexican Dollars — 641,4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. ,
WHEAT— Tne Holt Hill takes for Liverpool 23,
--077 ctls. valued at $22,600.
The market continues lifeless. No. 1 quotable at
95c: choice, 97% c; lower grades, so@93»4c; extra
choice for milling, $I@l 10 i» cU.
"A 1.1. BOARD sales.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 98% c: 1200, 98% c. Seller '96, new,
storage paid— loo, 95% c; 100, 96a
Regular Morning tsKssioN— December— loo
tons, 983/ 4 c: 700, 986/gc.
A v ikkmion Session — No sales.
BaßLKY— Shipment of 44.417 ctls. Brewing,
i valued at $38,000, to Liverpool.
i The market is quiet and unchanged. Feed, 67Vi@
683,4 c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 7&@Boc.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
tons, 71c; 100, 707/gc.
Rkgui.ar Mobnins SESSlON— December— loo
tons, 71c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— No change to report. Milling are quot
able at 87V 2 @9oc ?* ctl: fancy Feed. 90@)92%c;
good to choice, 82y2@90c; common to fair, 77%@
82y c; Gray, 80@85c; Surprise, 95cig>$l 02%.
CORN— Fair demand at steady prices. Large
Yellow. 87%@92%c; Small Round do, 97 Vat- 1 ;
White, 77%®8-2y 2 c t> CU.
RYE— 72%@76c If* ctl.
BUCKWliifiAT— Bs@9oc ? ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 «* bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 60;
superfine, $2 75@3. • " :~
CORNMEAL, ETC. - Feed Corn, *19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 Tgt ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23,4 c: Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 2 c; Corn
meal, 23 4@3c; extra cream do, 2 c; Oatmeal,
334 c: Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4@4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
2 c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4(Vic;
Pearl Barley, 3 c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
sy*c * lb. _^ - .
HAT AND FKEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-$15@16 50 ton.
MIDDLINGS-i!!17 50@18 50 f( ton for lower
grades and $19@20 ~? ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $21 per ton; Jobbing, $22;
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
HAY— Is dull and weak at the low prices. New
Wheat, *7@10: New Wheat and Oat., $7@9 50:
new Oat, .$5 50@8 1» ton new Barley, $5@7; sec
ond cutting of Alfalfa, $6(36 50; new Clover, $U@
7 SO. Old Hay Is quoted at $7@ll $ ton.
as follows: Wheat, $B@ll M): Oat, $5@7 50;
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@8 50; Barley, $5(a»7 50 $
ton; Clover, $6@7 60 3» ton; Compressed Oat,
$6 r>o(g.B; Compressed Wheat, $7@10; block, $5@
6 t- ton.
bTRAW-20@40c ¥ bale. •
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,sl@lo7y ; Small Whites, $1 15
to 1 30: Pea, $120@l 35; Large Whites, 90c@S105;
Pink. 85@92%c; Beds, $1 25: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, nominal: Llmas, $2 35312 65: But
lers, $1 25(a)l 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50®
2 26$ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 fl ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 23/, c
$ tb; Alfalfa, 7%@9% V lb; Rape, 2y 2 ft _>;
Hemp, 3y 2 c ~f. lb.
DRIED PE AS-f 1 2&@l 40 $ ctl for Nlles and
$1 25®1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— tendency continues downward.
New Garnet Chiles, 86c@$l: new Peerless, 76@
90c; new Early Rose, in sks, 85c@$l: new Early
Rose In bxs from the River, 90c@$l 10: new Bur
bank Seedlings. $I@l 40; Oregon Burbanks, 60@
76c; Humboldt Burbanks. 50@76c -tf ctl.
ONIONS— White, lower at 40@50c; Red, 15@25c
$ ctl.
VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are firm and scarce.
Corn is steady. Summer Squash is demoralized.
Green Corn, 75c@$l 60 $ sk: Alameda Corn, $1 50
@2 i& crate; Hummer Squash. 26@40c for Bay and
10@25c "$ box in small boxes; Egg Plant, 10c
V ib: Tomatoes,' $1 60@2 50 % bx: Cucumbers. 50c
ra..*l 50 'ft box; Alameda Cucumbers, $1 5032 50 $
box; Asparagus. 60c@$l 25 $ box for ordi
nary and 51 60@2 25 for extra: Rhubarb, 25
@7Bc « box: Dried Peppers, 6®l2iAc: Green Pep
pers, 20@25c $ &>: Green Peas. 50cfa)$l "# sack for
common and Bo %* lb for Garden: String Beans.
I(a3c %* Vb for common ana 6@6c $ lb for Garden;
Horse Beans. 40@50c * sack: Dried Okra, I 2y 2 c;
Cabbage, 46@50c$ciI; Garlic, 2@3c $ lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— The weakness continues and prices
show a downward tendency.
Crkamkry— Fancy, 15c, with sales at 15% c;
seconds, 14@14y 2 c * Ib. •
Dairy— Fancy. 13y 2 @l4c; good to choice. 12%
@13c; lower grades, ll@l2c.
• CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6%c V lb; com
mon to good. s(ii.6c: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7@Bc 'if, tb; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12@12yac.
EGGS— Continue weak and quiet. Farallon Eggs,
17@18c: Oregon, 10c: Eastern Eggs. 10@12c V
doz:. store Eggs, 10Va^l2c: ranch Eggs, 13(9 15c,
with sales of extras at 16c; Duck Eggs, 12%@14c
%* aoz. . - ■ ■ -
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 13@lR%c
for Turkeys, $5 50(56 for Hens and $4 60@5 for
old Roosters. .] .
Local stock is weak, owing to the Eastern arriv
als. Live Turkeys, 11@1 2c for Gobblers, 10@llcfor
Hens: Geese, 1& pair, 90c@$l: Ducks. $3 50®4
for ola and Sl@s '«i dozen for young: Hens. $49
4 50: Roosters, young, $6<s7 60: do, old, $4@
4 50: Fryers, $4@5; Broilers, $3@3 CO tor large
and S2@2 50 for small Pigeons, $1(&1 50 V doz
for young and old.
GaME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
The river boat was late and prices ranged lower
in consequence, as will be seen. Fancy Apricots In
bulk brought $25 and poor went as low as $15.
The majority brought $20@22 50. Choice Peaches
were firm. Cnerries are In less demand, as the
season is about over.
Commission merchants are pointing to the fact
that recent sales of fresh fruit on the Eastern
markets have netted the California grower less
than the San Francisco pr.ces. This is notably the
case with Cherries, Apricots and Plums.
Arrivals of Cherries were 466 bxs. selling at 90c
@$1 35 IB box for Black, and 90c@$l 25 for Royal
Anne. . . ,
Peaches, 30@75c a box. and 60@90c 9 basket.
Plums, 40@< 5c 1» crate and 36@65c t* box.
Cherry Plums, 25@40c fi box
Apples, 25@50c %i small box and 25@36c $
basket and 6Uc@sl %4 large box.
Green Pears, 20@36c Q box and 20®30c ?i
basket. • ■-.
Royal Apricots, 20@40c & box, 40@50c fi crate,
20@30c ft basket and $15@25, ton in bulk. Moor
parks, 50(5)65c ¥> box.
Figs, 40(a.50c ft box for single and 75c@$l v> box
for double layers.
BERRlES— Supplies were larger all around.
Receipts of Strawberries were 792 chests, selling
at $4(gis fi chest for Longworths and $3@4 for large
berries.
Gooseberries are about gone.
Raspberries, $3 50@« %* chest. Newcastle Rasp
berries, 60@75c fi crate.
Blackberries, $3@5 V chest.
Currants, $2 50@4 50 ~f> chest.
GRAPES— Anotuer lot of Thompson's Seedless
came in from Yuma, too late, however, for yester
day's market.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges are higher at $I@2
for Seedlings, $3 50@4 for Navels, and $2 50&3 50
9 box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1®
160 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6(0)6 60: Bananas, $I@2 9 bunch;
Pineapples, $I(s4 %4 dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Prospects for Dried Fruit: this fall are more
cheering. The Government agricultural reports
announce a serious deficiency in the Apple yield of
the country, owing to the heavy wind aud rain
storms, to unusual ravages of the canker-worm
and other Insect pests, and to the enormous crop
last year, which overstrained the trees. The per
centage this year is only 71, and all parts of the
United States report Apples dropping badly. Now,
the Drl d Fruit market of the Eastern States is
regulated Dy me price of Apples, and as they prom
ise to be a diminished crop this year the outlook
therefore is tor good prices later on. Ihe chief
cause of the low prices for Dried Fruit last year
was the immense crop of Apples, which will not
occur this year.
Peaches are also rather under 1895, being 70%,
against 73% last year.
Carload Lots— Apples, lV2@2c ISJ n> for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4(a14 1 ' 3 c for evaporated;
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, y@Bc
for crime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10(a)llc '$
It. for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2y c for im
pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c $ tb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c fi Ib for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums, 3yjcf4 lb for pitted and
lVa<g)2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3y a 4*sc f* tt> for
prime to choice and 5y 3 c for fancy «
Jobbing ■ Pbickh— jr.vaporaieo. apples. 4@sc
# lb; sun-dried, lV2<§}2c: Peaches. 3i/2@5« and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxeß,l2V2C # Ib: Prunes, 3Vic
for four sizes, 4y a c for 40@50's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricots, 7(a)9c for prime to choice,
10(a>ll for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3y 3 c:
White Figs, 3@sc; Pears, 8c fi tb for evapo rated
halves and 4@7y 2 c for quarters; Plums, 3y 2 @4c
for pitted and l@l%c foruupitted; Nectarines,
4(ftsc V Si for prime to choice
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown. 2y 2 c V tb: seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, 13/ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c 9 box: clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clus
ters, (2 10@2 25; Imperial Clusters, $2 60@2 75. ■
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown loose, none: 3
crown, 3@:«Vic fi tb: 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c * tb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 60@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as follows: Wal
nuts, »@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c $ lh for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c for
Lunguedoc and 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, ti@6y 2 c %i tb for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, o@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9©loc Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 <$ 100.
HONEY -Comb 10@12y c %i «> for bright and 8
@9c "$> tb for lower grades; water-white extracted,
6@5t /2 c ■¥» lb: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c
BEE3WAX-25@i7y 2 c fi tb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are very active and Bacon Is firm. Lard is
moving off well. In fact, the whole Provision
trade Is In much better shape than at this time las
year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c fi
Ib for heavy, 7c fi lb for light medium, 9c %i tb for
light, 10c for extra lleht and 12c V. lb for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams lI L /->@l2c Ib:
California Hams, C@loc $ n>; Mess Beef, $7©B:
extra mess do. $8 60&&9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, *B@B 50; extra clear, $14 * »bl;
mess, $12 50@13 "# bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c %* lb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces is quoted at sVic f* Ib
for compound and 6V4C for pure; pails. 7c 'f* th;
California tierces, 4»4c for compound md 6c for
pure: half-bbls. 6Vic; 10-tt> tins, 7c; do 5-tb, 714 c
COTTOLENE— 6@6Vic in tierces and 6»/,«,(g,7VaC
fi lb in 10-tb tins. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers, 7®
7%c fi Ib; culls and brands. 6@6y c c fi Ib : medium,
6©6VsC "$> Ib; culls and brands, s@sy«c fi S>: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6@5y 2 c; culls
and brands, 4@4y c; salted Kip, 5c $ tt>; salted
Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10y 2 @llc:
culls and brands, B@By 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, B@9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35ceach; Kids, sc: Deerskins, eood summer.
30c: medium. 15@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@15c each: short wool, 2u'@
36c each; meaium. 40@)50c each; long wools, 50©
60c each. Culls of all kludi about ]2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi@3V»c: No. 2,
3c: refined, 5y2@53/ic: Grease, 2ya c «* Jb. Ship
ment of 400.000 lbs, valued at $15,000 to France.
WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@IOV2C; do
lower grades. B@9y 2 c fi tb; Nevada, 6@9c f« lb;
Han Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4 Wd}6%c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective. 6@6y 2 c $ lb.
Nominal at iy 2 (sl3c %4 Jb. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26y 2 c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 fi ton; New Wellington,
$8 "c« ton; Southfield Wellington, $7 50 if! ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, *7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 In bulk and $13@14 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 fi ton In sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6 14 c;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 c: > Magnolia A. H e; Extra
C, 4y 2 <;: Golden c, 4»/8c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c: Black Strap, 10c
*gaL _______
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very firm and another advance Is noted.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, sc; second do, 4V3@i3 / £.c:
third do, 3y 2 @4c t3 fb. .
VE*\L— Large. 4@sc; small, s@6c fi lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 5@5y 2 c; Ewes, 4@4y 3 c
fi lb. ■-•■•— "- ■..
LAMB— Spring Lamb. s@sy c % tb. i ■ :".;;:.' -
PORK— Live Hogs, 3y B <a>3y4C "$ «> for large and
3Va(4i36/sc for small and medium: dressed do, 4'/
@534 c.
RECEIPTS OF . PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks.... 64.100 8 ran, sks 300
Oregon 14,618 Oregon.. 400
■ Washington.... 3,126 Hay. t0n5........ 320
Wheat, ctls 1,337 Butter, ctls. 20-4
Utah...... 430 Cheese, cth, 223
Oregon .... 1,895 Eggs, doz 8,760
Washington.... 2.935 Hides, no 559
Barlej.ctls 2,732 Pelts, bdls. 105
Oats, Or, ctls Wool, bis 179
Washington.... 1,630 Wine, gals 32,200
Corn, ctls 250 Tallow, cus 8
Beans, sks. 561 Quicksilver, flsks 175
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,974 Lumber. M feet.. 50
Oregon 287|Flaxseed, Wash. 322
Onions, sks 36Q Mustard Seed, sk 8
Middlings, sks... 20(r
THE STOCK MARKET.
Compared with Tuesday's closing prices, the
market was firmer yesterday. Chollar recovered
somewhat to $2 85, Gould & Curry to $1 35, Hale
<fe Norcross to $1 76, Potosi to .$1 36, Savage to
$1 45, and so on. ' Business showed no ' Improve
ment, however. The close was very weak."
The Overman delinquent sale takes place to
day.
At an executive session of the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday morning It
was decided to adjourn from Friday, July 3,
at noon, until Wednesday, July 8, at 11 a m
The Savings and Loan Society has delared
semi-annual dividends on deposits for the six
months ending June 3o at the rate of 4.32 percent:
per annum on term and 3.60 percent on ordinary
deposits, payable July 1. • .
, The Columbian Banking Company of this City
has declared the usual semi-annual dividend of 6
per cent per annum, payable July 1.
' BO Alii) : SAL.ES.
Following; war* the **>■«* 1Q tha San Fr*aotso«-
Btoccßoant yesterday: ' ', ■ '
REGULAR MORNtxn S~SsrO>J mHKIt!(Ct!«IJ 9:311.
200 Alta. 161300 Pt.. 61 50 0vrmn....26
550 Andes... .31 200 .......... 50 400 Potosi... 1.36
100 8e1cher....52 400 G &C. .1.25 100 .........1.30
1000........ .5« 160 ....... .1.30 550 Savae... 1.45
100 Benton ...20400 .. ......1.85 100 .........1.40
450 8<fc8..... .971850 . _1.7o!'2OO Hcorpton..os
300 80d1e..... :>0 100 Mien 78 300 Ner....b9
600 Bullion. .MX) ...........80 200 .....70
100 Bulwer... 32 200 ...:.... ....79 200 H111....U3
600 Ch01ir.. 2.76.300 0ccdi... 1.30 2nO Uni0n. ...70
600 CC&V...1.95 0phir.. .1.36 100 ....:.... ..71
100......... 1.90.300 0vrmn.. ..25 300 V JacJn...s2
1000 Con 1m.. 02* :
- ,- ..-.• •■-■■- '•
iFTEBXOOX SKS«IOV-3:,11.
200 Alt*. 151100 Ch0ur... 2.80 200 Mono.. 06
100 Ande5.... 32 200 2.751300 Occidtl..l.2o
100 ...... 31|lfiO C P0int.. .48 100 ....1.-zb
100 Belcher.. 6l|looo ES NevOS 50 0ph1r...1.30
350 B A 8.. ..91800 GAC....1.3G 700 0vrmn.... 22
400 .i. ....... .90 100 1.25 550 Potosi. . 1 . 30
100 Bodle 481200 ..........1.35 200 1.35
60...... 47200 HAN... 1.70 SUO Bay 1.30 I
500 8u11i0n... 22 200 Me* 7» 500 ... .....1.25 I
100 Bui wer. ..32 200 77 100 8 Ny 69 j
450 CCA V.. 1.90 250 .... 761200 YJack»l..49 I
m
following wen tne sates iv ens Pad as btoolc i
*Ofirii yesterday: . ■ • •
KEGtTI,AII SFSSIOV— IO: VI.
300 AlDha 16400 Crwn Pt...50.t>00 Ophir... 1.35
400 Alt*. 16 600 Exchqr...Oß 200 1.32y»
600 Andes.. ..3l 500 C....1.35300 Potoji..l.:'s
300 Belcner.,.so 400 1.321/3(900 1.32V
-400 B AB 86150 ....1.30 ! 300 1.30
400 971400 1.25 400 1.27%
300 98 50 1.2011400 5»v«f.. 1.40
800 91200 1.27V5650 1%
500 Bodle 50600 HAN... 1.70 500 1.35 |
200 8u11i0n. ..25 200 ...1% 500 Scorpion..o7 I
800 .:. 24 JUO Julia 10 300 SB AM... 16 '-
200 Caleda 16.400 Justice. ...oß 600 15
700 17 500 Kentuck..O3 100 S Ny 71
200 Challge...3l 500 L Wash.. .o4 .. 70
1100 Cb01r..2.70 201) Mem 81,600 S Hill ....03
400 . 234100 80 200 Union C. 70
100 ..;... 2.77 Va 1 300 76900 69
850 CC V.,1.92% 800 75 300 Utah 10
150 Confi.... 1.06 600 Occd. 1.271/2 200 V JacKM..53
3300 Con 1m..02i300 l.'ib|soo 64
500 ConN V.. 04 300 0vrmn... .26 200 50
t.y,, . AFTKRSOOK SESSION— 2: 3 1 }.
300 Aloha 16 1000 C Imp ..02|'200 Ovrmn... .23
400 Alt* 16,800 C P01nt....49'300 Potosi . . 1 .30
100 15 360 G<fcC.l.27V ii!so 1.25
400 14200 1.20100 1.27Va
150 Andes.... 32 300 ..1.30 400 -...1.321A I
300 31300 1.22i/jtOO 5ave... .1.36
200 Belcher... l2oo. 1.17% 300 1.271/,
400 49300 1.20 500 1.2b
300 BAB. 92j300.H<ftJNl.72V 1200 1.20
400 86200". 1.70300 1.15
200 Bodie 50600 1.60200 1.10
400 8u11i0n... 24 400 Justice. 200 Scorpion. .o7
200 23 300 Kentck... o3:soo 58AM....15
100 Bui wer.... 31 300 Alex 79 300 BKv 69
300 Caleda.... 17 100 77 200 68
200Ch11nKe...31i400 74200 65
700 Ca11r.,.2.80 200 Mono 07 500 811 Hi 11.. .02
800 23/4 200 0ccd..1.27y |400 Union 68
100 ......2.77y,300 1.26 300 65
200 2.70 400 1.17y, 200 63
200 2.67%300 1.101200 Utah 09
600 CCAV...1.93 500 Oph!rl.32W4oH V Jckt....50
400 1.90 300 1.27V 2 200 48
.60 C0n11....1.05 200 Overman. 24l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 24—4 P. m.
Sid. Asked. • :.'-. Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 16 17 Julia — 10
Alta. 14 16JustIce. 05 06
Andes 30 32Kenluck 03 03
Belcher 47 48 Lady Wash.... — 05
BestAßelcher 85 86 Mexican. .:.... 70 71
Benton C0n.... — 20 Mono OB 07
Bodie 48 50 Nevada Queen. —.- 05
Bullion 22 23 Occidental. ...1.10 1.15
Bulwer. 31 33 Ophir 1.25 1.30
Caledonia. ! — 17 Overman 21 22
Chollar 2.65 2.70 Potosi 1.20 1.25
Con.CalAVa...l.Bo 1.85 Savage 1.10 1.15
Challenge) Con. — 31 5c0rpi0n....... 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Seg. Belcher... 14 15
Confidence.... 1.00 1.10 Syndicate. — 04
Con .New York 04 -Ibilver Hi 11.... — 05
Crown Point... 46 47 sierra Nevada. 65 66
EastSierraNev — 05' lon Con . 60 62
Exchequer.... — 09 Utah 08 10
Gould AC'urry.l. 15 1.20, Yellow Jacket. 47 48
UaleANorcrs.l.ss 1.60,
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Champion Providence.....
Bid 20 00 Bid 60 00
Asked 25 00 100 Savannah ..... 46 '
200 Edna 40100 „ 48 j
200 41 200 Sebastopol 50
Kennedy 200 „ 61
Bid 10 50 Thorpe
Asked 12 00 Asked 95
Keystone Con. . Ybarra „...
Bid ......65 00 Asked 100
600 Lock wood Con. 35 %
LOCAL. SKCOKITIES.
Bid 2 Hnmboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks 87
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 6 76
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water 98 00
Bid 50 San Francisco Gas. 84 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jane 24-2 p. it
. fNITKD STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked.] Sid. Asked.
U8 4s c0up.. 108% - i: S4s rez...lOßy s —
Do new Issue — 118 |
lIIBCKMMNKOrS BONDS. '
Cal-stCnless. — 1121& PacßollMSs. — —
CalElecLßs — 122V 2 Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCWSs — 97 1" AO Ky 65. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 95 100 PAChRy6s. — 107
Edsn l.dt I*o*l2o — Pwl-stRRBs. — 116 V,
F&CHKR6s.IO4i/^lO7 Reno, Wjufeli - 105
Geary-stßss.lO2 — Sacto PA L. — 102%
LosAngLds. — 100 SFANPR 55.1008/ 8 101
DoGuteed6s — 103 !SPRKArIz6s — 963/4.
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — isPRRCaI 6s.
DofiyCon6s..losy a lo6 iSPKRCaI 6s. — —
Nat Vln6s Ist 96 — ;SFBrRCal6s. — 101
NevCNgß7s. tts 106 SVWater6s..ll9y* —
NPORR63. — 108 SVWater4s.. 99Vi 69%
NRy 68.104*4 - StktnG&E6s .— 100
NBy Cal 6a. — 100 SunstTAT6sloo —
Oak Gas 55.. 100 1041/j, suUer-BtKss-107y a —
Eo2d is 6s. 104% 106*4 VisallaWC6s — 9i
Omnibus OS.HBV4 — ',
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 — | San J05e..... — —
Maria C 0.... 50 — |Sprng Valley 98»/» 98%
. GAS STOCKS.
Capital 20 30 Pacific Lleht 48 50
Central 95 — San Francsco . 948/ 8 B*%
OakGL&H 52 52% Stockton..... — 2iy 3
PacGaslmp. 85% SliVi . -
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — |Bun .......:.. 25 60
i-f ill M r.R'.'IA I. BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — |LondonP<fcA.l2Byil3o
Anglo-Ca1.... 6134 — London ASF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 239 — Merch Ex... 18 —
CaISDATCoS4 57 Nevada...... — -,—"-.<
FirstNationl. — 187y 2 jSftther Co. — —
Grangers.... — — I
, SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
SALCo. 1400 1445 . ISav&Loan.. — 100
HumbMAL.UOO 1450 ■ Security 250 U6O
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
BFSavUnlon — 490
STBEKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 — lOak SL<fcHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 44% 44%Sutter-st — —
rOWDEB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 24 24y 3
Eastern D... 75 80 Judson D.... — —
California.... 81 95 Vijtorlt. 40c 96c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 96%, Nat Vln Co.. 76 —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24%
Cal Cot Mills - — , PacAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtl2oVil2o%Pac Roll Mill — —
GasConAssn. — • — Parf PainlCo •6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransCo.- — 24
HawCASCo.. 191/4 20 IPacT&TCo. 69 100
Hutch S PCo 321/4 *2% Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 j United C Co. — 25
MElee Light 4 - ,I s .
.~ . BAI.ES-IIOKNI.VII BXSaiO2r. '
Board— Ti''.'"'--i'.-.i, : : . ; .
150 Hutchinson 8 P Co. 22 60
130 8 F. Gaslight. 94 50
$3000 S V 6% Bonds 119 60
Street— -
30 Market-st Railway 44 50
20 Pacific Lighting ;... 48 00
. AFTKRNIION SESSION.
Board— - ■• ' ; „■
5 Bank of California 239 00
50 Market-st Rai1way............ 44 50
• — ♦ — «
To brighten " and I freshen carpets,
sprinkle them with tea leaves or wet pa
per, and sweep thoroughly but lightly.
Grease spots may be drawn out by cover
ing the places with' coarse brown or butch
er's paper, and then passinp over them a
warm flat iron. Put a little oxgall in a
pan of warm water, and with a fresh cloth
wrung quite dry, again go over the carpet.
To prevent moths under carpets, use
coarsely ground black pepper mixed with
camphor arid strew thickly about the
edges or wherever the moths are to be
found.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Franclnco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
JITNK. 1896
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast and geodetic Sitkvby Tids 1 )
BriXKTijr Published by Official V
AtTTHORITY OF THK SnPKRISTKXDBST. )
Thursday, June 25.
Sunrises 4.47 1 Moon rises. ..... Fit
Sunsets 7.37 Moon sets
June— lß96.
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
aarly morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day tn the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydrmbaphic Office, U. S. N., -»
Merchants 1 Kxchanuk. V
San Francisco, June 24, 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m.. (Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtki.kk..
Lieutenant U. S. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, June 24.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 16 hours from Albion;
230 M ft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
Stmr Excelsior, Donaldson. 71/2 days from Unga
Island; ballast, to C A Hooper & Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 59 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass ana mdse, toGoodall, Perkins
<fe Co.
(Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 58 hours from Victoria;
pass and tndse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr San Jose, Mortensen, 25 days from Panama,
etc; pass and mdse, to P At S S Co.
Stmr Geo Loomts, Briagett, 33 hours from Ven
tura: 6350 bbls oil, to Pacific Coast On Co.
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLeod, 10 days from
Seattle: 2«25 tons coal, to Central Coal Co.
Brig Consuelo, Friis, 25 days from Mabukona; j
5184 bogs sugar, to Welch & Co: 2054 bags sugar,
to Williams. Dlmond it Co: 53 pkgs hides to Chas j
Nelson.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielsen, 3% days fm Grays
Harbor; 230 M ft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, 4y days from Grays
Harbor: 800 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Confianza, Weber. 6y 2 days from Nehalem
River; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, 10 hours from Fort Rosa;
50 bxs butter, 25 hogs, to Ross & Hewlett.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, 11 days from
Seattle; 315 M ft lumber, to J H Baxter.
Schr Novelty, Herriman, 3Vi days fm Columbia
River; — M. ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Chas E Falk. Anderson, ivi days from Port
Blakeley; lumber, to Renton, Holmes & Co.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 12 hours from
Point Arena: 100 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 45 bits butter, to J H Newbauer & Co.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. June 24.
Stmr Empire. Anderson, Astoria; N P S S Co.
Stalled.
WEDNESDAY, June 24.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Arago, Con way. Coos Bay.
Strur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson, Moss Landing.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria.
Br ship Holt Hill, Williams, Liverpool.
Ship Baring Brothers, Lihby, Mollendo.
Ship John A Briegs, Balch. Puget Sound.
Bark Aureola. Van Dalhern, WUlapa Harbor,
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, Collins Landing.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, Fort Ross. V. : '. .v- >■
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. June 24—10 p. Weather
foggy: wind SW: velocity. 16 miles. ..--'. :
V . V Charters.
The ship El well loads coal at Nanatmo for this
port.
The bark C D Bryant Is chartered for wheat and
flour to Sydney at private rates.
Spoken.
June 16— Lfct 35 N, long 16 W, Br ship G W
Wolff, from Antwerp, for Portland.
Domestic Ports.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed June 34— Br ship
Glenalvon. for Callao.
PORT TOWNSEND— June 34 — Bktn J
Quickstep, for Vancouver.
NEWPORT— Arrived June Stmr Alcazar,
from Port Los Angeles.
REDONDO— Arrived June 24— Stmr Laguna,fm
West port.
POINT ARENA— Arrived June 24 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence June 23.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 24— Stmr Caspar,
hence June 22.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 24— Schr Okano- •
gan, for Kobe. Japan.
MENDOCINO— Arrived June 24— Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 22.
Sailed June 24 -Stmr Point Arena, for San Fran
cisco.
CAYUCOS-Salled June 24— Schr American
Girl, for Port Angeles.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 24— Stmr Del
None, for San Francisco. ■
ASTORlA— Arrived June 24— Br stmr As'.oun.
from Hongkong: stmr State of California, hence !
June 82.
TACOMA— Arrived June Ship Dashing
Wave, hence June 7. -^ .;.;.-
VENTURA— SaiIed June 24— 9chr Fanny Du
tard, for Port Hlakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 24— Schr Louise,
from Umpqua.
• EUREKA— SaiIed June 24— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed June 24— Stmr Alca
traz, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed June 24— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence June 7, for Tacoma; bktn Retriever,
hence June 7, for Port Hud lock.
GREENWOOD— June 24— Stmr Green,
wood, for San Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Cleared June 23— Ship Henry B
Hyde, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port«.
SANTOS— Sailed June 17— Ger snip Kepler, for
Puget Sound. • N
ROYAL ROADS— June Brship Kvn
anca, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Passed June 23— Br ship Celtic
Bard, hence Jan 23, for London.
PANAMA— Arrived Jnne B— Stmr Colon, hence
May 8.
Sailed June 13— Stmr San Juan, for San Fran
cisco. BAY— Arrived June 22— Br ship Forfar-
ALGOA BAY— Arrived June 22— Br ship Forfar
shire, from Portland.
HONGKONG— June 23— Br stmr Em
press of India. faom Vancouver.
. MONTEVIDEO— Arrived June 17— Dutch ship
Nederland, from Glrgentl, for San Francisco for
repairs. • ■ -
• NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived June 30-Br ship
Invergarry, from Table Bay, to load for San Fran
cisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived June 23— Br ship Al
dergrove, from Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 22— Br stmr Brae
mar, for Tacoma.
CORINTO— SaiIed June 11— Stmr Costa Rica,
for Panama. .
CHAM PE RlCO— Sailed June 4-Stmr City of
Panama, for Manzanlllo. <
BARRY— Sailed June 22— Br ship La Escocesa,
Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June 23— Br ship Manx
King, for Victoria. .I .'. ■'
Importation*. '
VICTORIA— Per Umatilla— a sks ore, 1 p*g
brandy. 2 pkgs mdse. . •
Port Townsend— kegs nails, 51 pkgs mdse.
Killisnoo-2500 sks guano, 224 bbls oil. \
' Juneau— l cs mdse.
Sumnrum— 49 sks concentrates.
G N Ry via Seattle— 645 bdls green hides, 1 cs
woolens, 1 bx bicycles and parts.
Seattle— lo49 tons coal, 11 cs bacon. 10 bxs
shoulders, 5 cs hams, 5 bbls tongues, 36 bxs
smoked meats, 8 bxs salmon, 8 bxs halibut, 52
Ms fish, 1813 sks oats, 100 sks wheat. 100 sks
flax, 4 express. 2 sks coin, 1 bdls dry skins,
200 bxs herrings. 3 bdls calf hides, 3 bdls green
calfskins, 167 bdls green hides. 8 bdls dry calf- j
I skins. 18 bdls dry hides, X cs shoes.ll6 pkss mdse,
I 96 sks bones, 44 sks tankage, A bars iron.
Tacoma west of Fargo— l sk tails, 2 bdls skins.
j 166 bdls green hides, 1 bx boots, 1 cs boots and
shoes. 1641 sks wheat, 319 pkgs furniture, 300 ht
sks 180 qr-sks 1083 sks flour. 22'J sks flax.
Tacoma— 6l pkgs mdse, 186 sks bones, 11 bdls
hides, 1 cs clocks.
Everett— 6oo bdls snooks, 3 pkgs mdse, 284 rolls
32 bdls paper.
Anacortes— l pkg mdse.
New Whatcom— 4B pcs lumber.
East via Vancouver— 67 ahas, 23 dry goods,
6 cs ladles' vests, 2 cs lining, 6 cs underwear, 4 cs
shirts, 10 cs copper tubes, 4cs metal capsuls, 1*
cs tobacco, 9 cs cigars, 1 cs hosiery, 16 cs caps. l-s
cs flannels, 80 cs baby food. 6 bbls ammonia, 68 cs
boots and shoes, 12 kegs syrup, Ibx glassware, 1
cs wooden names. ' „ .„
SAN DIEGO— rer Corona— l sic ore, 150 cs mln
eral water, 8 bdls skins. 2 bbls wipe. 4 bdls calf
hides. 781 bxs lemons, 33 bdls green hides. 1 bx
beeswax, 36 bxs oranges. 7 cs fire rackets, 77 pcs
curbing, 162 pic£s mdse, 8 mils hides, 3cs black-
Ing. 26 bbls pickled fian, 85 bdls dry flab, 7 C 3 ex
tracts, -5 ttiliow. . • ... . ■ ..
Newport— s4 iks peanuts, 61 bxs oranges.
Redondo— l3l bxs lemons, 86 bxs oranges, 1 ca
honey. 7 pKgs mdse, 150 bbls wine. {
Los Angeles via Redondo— 96 cs canned meats,
27 pkgs mdse, 4 bxs soap.
Port Los Angeles— 2 sks Chillies, 15 bxs lemons,
1 roll carpet. 2 pkgs mdse, 4 C 3 shoes.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles -225 pkg*
mdse. 1 bx butter, Ics drugs 19 tiats. 13 Ink
rollers. 6cs rubber stamps, 38 pkgs machinery.
Santa Barbara— 7s pkgs mdse, 2cs cigars.
Port Harford— l92 pkgs mdte,3 cs seeds, s2 bxs 2
kegs butter. 1 bdl 20 dry hides, 3 Ddls sheep pelts,
2 coops chickens, 38 cs ejjgs, 1 cs cheese, 1 coop
poultry, 43 dressed calves.
Rocksldinz— 33s sks rock.
Santa Miiria— 436 sks beans, 173 sks mustard,
368 sks barley.
Coimienee«.
Per Umatilla— Buckingham, Hecht A; Co; E J
Calley; L D Stone <& Co: American Tobacco Co;
TrlestiCo; '1 tie Wer heimer Co: OH Meyer *
Bros- Mack <fc Co: Dunham, Carrigan & Co; Sachs
Bros; Griussl & Co: Blake, MotHtt & Tow ne: WG
Richardson; Stauffer Chemical Works; C B Rodo
& Co; JF Wetzel: Bellingham Bay Imp Co; C E
Brooks- M X Nickels: Pacific Bone and Coal Fer
tilizing Co: Sawyer Tanning Co; Simmer Tannin?
Co: Bisslnger^ Co; C J Leist & Co: Catholic Art
and Book Co: Cahn, Nickelsburs <fc Co; Del Monte
Milling Co; Doernbecker Furniture Co; General
Electric Co: O w Howard: Italian- wls« Agricul
tural Colony: Kittle & Co; Labor Exchaiice; Thos
Watson; Moore, Ferguson it Co; S Sel vater: C W
R Ford & Co: Lanil & (onlay; I) X Browuileld; Q
W Gibbs; N Ohlandt Co; J Nielsen; HDutard;
Peo Plon: Wieland Bros: American Union Fish
Co: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Bros it Co:
Reid <fc McCullough; Brown Bros & Co: Union Gas
Engine Co; Frye, Bruhn & Co: Q Camlllonl it Co;
Kowalsky & Co; Allen Lewis: SH Frank & Co;
Duff & Co: Milani & Co; W«' Hlnton ; H Dutard ;
Wells, Fargo & Co: Oregon Imp Co: J M Doolin;
H W Higglngs <fc Co: Alaska Commercial Co; J 1)
French: C D Bunker.
Per Corona— san Francisco Brewing Co; A H
Griswold; Wetmore Bros; W B Sumner Co: Jit
Altken; Hilmer, Bredhotl <&Schulz; Kin^an & Co;
C B Rode & Co: MT Freitas & Co: M 9 Slmas: Joe
Sylvester; Capt A Barrett: Norton Tanning Co; 11
O Greenhood;* J R Aitkin; J Ivancovich A 10: Cl
R Starr & Co: Sunset Telegraph and Telephone
Co: Hills Bros; Wolf & son; Dalton Bros: Immel
& Co; E R Stevens A Co; A Galll Fruit Co; Harney
<£Clute: Campodonico it Malcolm; Union Oil Co;
Lev! it Co; Eveleth * Nash : Southern Cal
Fruit Exchange; W C Price A Co: Gray A Barblerl:
Nash ABoesenecKer: Holbrook', Merrill A Stetson;
E H Rexford; Palmer A Rev; Lachman A Jacobi;
W s Newhall: .1 M Spofford; Western Meat Co; A
J Smith: A Massih; Sherman, Clay A Co: Adam
Rice: Garcia A Maggini: Pacific Transfer Co; Pac
Ammonia and Chemical Works; IXL Tamale Co;
N Turman A Son; Walter A Co; Ross, >iiK!-'lnsA
Co; C M Thompson; Davis, Haber & Co: Kohler A
Chase; Marsh .V Kidd; X J Calley; Win X Logan ;
FToplitz; M O'Brien: Washburn, Moen Bffg Co;
OHT Jackson; C Carpy A Co; D M Osborn it Co;
Chaix A Bernard: Wheaton, Brcon A Co: Benin
A Lepori: Philadelphia Brewery; L D Stone A Co;
F Cavafcnaro: J Hoffman: Brigham, Hoppe A Co:
GetzßrosACo: Hoffman A Alexander: F Uri A
Co; Russ, Sanders A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; J
de Rosa: Norton, Teller A Co; VVitzel A Baker;
American Union Fish Co: San Francisco Fish Co;
G Camilloni A Co; Slnshelmerßros; Enterprise
Brewery; an Francisco .brewery Co; Chicago
Brewery; Fredorlcksburg Brewery; Pacific Paving
Co; EKruseJr: C E Whitney A Co: KronACo:
Mars nail A Reim-?rs: Buffnlo Brewery; Marsh A
Kidd; Cox Seed and Plant Co; H Ueckman A Co;
Cal Bottling Co: Bit Ruhl A Co: II N Tilden A Co;
Hills Bros; Witzel & Baker; Western Meat Co.
For Lad- Shipping lntfMiaence See Fifteenth ran*.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS."
O. I^. o _c«3 3NT.
ASTORIA ANIPORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH- INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June -7, July 7, 17 and 27
State of California sails. July 2, 12 and 32
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. st
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class $8.00
Second Class $500
Meals and berth' Included.
Ticket Office— 4 flew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JOfgA-
_ Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as ■"fr'-frX
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorln*. WrangeL Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at 0 *. m., June 3,
13, ~.H. aw. - > 1 1 >■ :-t. is. is. -'H.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. if.
June 3, -. 13. i*. 23. "S. ana every fiftl*
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Brattle with G. N. Hy., at Port Townsend wltH
Alaska steamer*.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hun>
boldt Bayl str. Pomona, 2 p. m.. June 2, 6. 10,
14 lx. -_"J. 26. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuooi,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. .Sun Pedro. East Sail
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Juna
4. 8. lit, 16, 20, 24. 28 and every fourth day then*
8anDle«?o, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Aneeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m.. Jump 2 B. 1". 14; 18, •-'■_'. 26, bOand every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
raz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), s'.r. Orlzab*
10 a. M.. June id 27, ana 25th of each month there-
" Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
itrte <iOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl Agent*.
It) Mnrk»t st. San Francisco.
COfIPAGIIIE GESERAL TR.WSATLAiVri(|OB
French Lin« to Havr«».
COMPANV'SPIER (NEW), 42 NORTH A*tt
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aif I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. - New YorK to Alexandria, Egypc via Part*
tirst-c;ass 9160; second -class.
LA TOURAINE, Capt. Santelll.. . .May 2& 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE: ; May 113, 8 a. Jt
LA GASCOGNE ...-'a c 20, 7 a. Mi
LA .NUK A.N PI X...._ July 4. 6a. K.
LA GASCOGNE.. July 25. 11 a. M.
LA NORMANDIE August 1, 5 a, H.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leb'>euf. .June 6, 7 A. X.
gjf For further partlcaian apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3 Bo v ing Green, New Yorlt
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
•venue. San Francincu.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ■ 1 by
AUSTRALIA. . \JtsS. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, Juna 25,
at 2 p. M.
* Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
s! au'stßALI A for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day July 11, at 10 a. x. Special party rates.
• ' J. D. SPRECK.ELS A BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
c^qK HAMBURG-AMERICAS LOB
•^plmlMp TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
'*^T^t^ a^!£m" , Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, Paris A Hamburg.
Columbia. July 2 I .V. Victoria. July 16
Normannia Juiy 0 I F. Bismarck July 33
I Cab., $95 and upward; 11. (.'at)., $50 and upward
"PLYMOUTH-LONDON*. 4 ' ■» li.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply !(',-AMi.Kir\N Line,
37 Broadway, N. V., or to KAHN A HERZOG,
Agents, 401 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >M^
fortnightly for the West Indies and SSSB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
vnuice and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. in connection with the
Pacinr Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treat-
r,™ to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from Han Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, ?195: third
iiHsis. »97 60. For further particulars apply to
Class, ♦»< »~- FARROTT A CO Agents,
306 California sb
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 P. Hi Daily; after Juiy 1, « P. M.—
* freight received up to •>::{() P. M.
. Sunday at 7P. 31.
•sr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
I STJbIAiIJEKs:
T. C. Walker. ■ J. I>. Peters.
3lary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co
FALLEJO, MARK ISLAND, *IiEMCIA, POST
COSTA All CROCKETT.
STK. BIONTICEt,r.O,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o 4. m
and tf.it; Saturday, 10:30 a. M., 3:30 r« Hi
•**«. only. s "^-«'-H-
I*adin , Mi*»ioa 1. Flat a»HOMEOPATHS ARE
IN FULL CONTROL
Lady President of the Board
of Health Is in
Danger.
SHE MAY BE UNSEATED.
Allopaths £are Their Rivals to
Do Anything So Un
gallant.
A SURPRISE LOOKED FOR.
Mayer Davie's New Appointee Changes
the Complexion of the
Beard.
Oakland Offick Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 2i. )
The difficulty regarding the appoint
ment of successors on the Board of Health
to those members whose terms have ex
pired is yet unsettled. Mayor Davie stated
to-day that Drs. R. H. Chamberlain and A.
E. Small have accepted the positions
made vacant by the retirement of Drs.
Akerly and Fisher.
The terms of the retiring members ex
pired on the first Monday in this month,
but although several prominent physi
cians have been offered the vacancies,
none have accepted till to-day.
The chief difficulty in the way of their
acceptance was the commonly repeated
story that no one could be appointed wno
would not do the Mayor's biddine in the
matter of dispensing the patronage.
In the gift of tbe board are the offices of
Health Officer, secretary, Sanitary In
spector and Assistant Sanitary Inspector.
Nearly two years ago the Mayor named
two members of the board and it was gen
erally understood there would be many
changes. Secretary Schafer was removed
for a short period, about two weeks, but
the Mayor's lady appointee, Dr. Sareh
Brmey, who is now president of the board,
reconsidered her action and subsequently
voted to reinstate Schafer.
Mayor Davie's appointments were an
innovation, inaßiuach as it was the first
time that representation was given to the
homeopathic school. It created a lot of
excitement and there was always more or
less friction between the two schools. The
East year has been one during which there j
as been iittle active work for tne Board j
of Health, and peace has prevailed.
When the terms of two members ex- j
pired, two weeks ago, the Mayor was in a j
position to give either school control of ■
the board by his new appointees. Several i
doctors stated that they had been offered I
the vacan^es, but the professional jeal- j
ousies of the two schools forced them to j
decline. Every possible inducement not j
to accept, was put forth by the repeated !
statements that the members would be but
tne mouthpieces of the Mayor.
The two new appointees have taken the j
board out of the power of the regular j
school, as both Drs. Chamberlain and j
Small are homeopaths. This makes the i
coaipiexioa of the board three to two.
Dr. Saiah I. thuey and Dr. Beckwitn are
of the old school, while Dr. Larkey is a
homeopath.
At the next meeting there is likely to
be a surprise. It is rumored tbat the
three homeopaths will demand the presi
dency, ana that the newly elected lady pres- j
ident will have a short reign in the chair. |
The old school dares the homeopaths t >
tlo such an ungallant action as to unseat a
lady, and the situation is one of interest.
Should any arrangement have been
inane prior to their appointment, all the
patronage may be redistributed. The
Mayor denies that he has been around
offering the places to doctors and requir
ing obedience as the price of the honor.
He says the various reports have been cir
culated by his political enemies for the
purpose of annoying him.
ENCINAL YACHT CLUB,
The Fawn Will Race the
Catherine Ahout the Middle
of August.
The Commodore's First Yacht Is to
Carry " The Call " Across the
Bay in Future.
ALAMEDA. Cal., June 24.— The boat- i
owners of the Encinal Yacht Club met last j
night to further consider the challenge i
sent by Captain Sutherland of the San ;
Francisco Yacht Club for the perpetual ;
trophy at present reposing in the Encinal j
clubhouse.
It was decided to pit James Tyson's
Fawn against the captain's Catherine, and
Commodore Leonard, Secretary Holt and
Captain Hanley were appointed the com- j
mittee to prepare her for the race.
According to the articles of agreement
the race must be sailed within sixty days
after the acceptance of the challenge.
This will make the day of the race about
August 14.
The course will be the one known as the
outer Encinal course. The start is from
the narrow-gauge mole, around Blossom
Rock, thence to Hunters Point, returning
via Mission Rock to the starting point.
Ti.e distance covered will be about fifteen i
miles.
Commodore Leonard says the Encinal
Club is in a more nourishing condition j
than ever it was. It has a membership oi
120, each member owning a share of stock
worth $35. Only rive more shares have to
be allotted, and when these are taken the
limit of membership, according to the ar- \
tides of incorporation, will have been ;
reached.
When Commodore Leonard built El I
Sueno on his own lines and plans and :
found her to be such a "hummer," be had !
no further use for the first fruits of his >,
eMftT in yacht-building, Little Annie, j
Mr. Franklin purchased ncr and he is now
patting power into her, so that she may j
carry The Call across the bay to the |
Broadway wtiurf belore any of the ferry
boats are running in the mornings.
High Honor* of R. S. "Wheeler.
AI-AMEDA, Cal., June J4. — The City
Treasurer's son. Roswell S. Wheeler, re- j
ceived his diploma to-day from the Uni- j
versity of California as a doctor of phil
osophy. In addition he received a certifi
cate of competency to tench history and j
civil government in any high school. He
leaves to-morrow morning for the
Faraiione Islands on a birds-egg hunting
expedition.
Chosen Friends.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 24. — Webster
Council No. O. C. P., elected its
dftirers last night as follows: Councillor,
H. L. Zimmerman; vice W. A. White;
secretary, Mrs. A. A. Bradley; treasurer,
James H. Perkins; prelate, Miss C. A.
Zimmerman; marshal, Mrs. A. Shattuck;
warden, Mrs. Greenswell; guard, J. O.
Forsberg; sentry, I. H. Hopps.
The County Exposition.
ADAMEDA, Cal., June 24.— The County
Industrial Exposition that opens in Oak
land, August 3, is meeting with the hearty
co-operation of producers in this city.
Numerous applications for space have
been filed with the secretary embracing
all the chief industries in the place.
GOOD YEAR'S WORK.
Marked Growth in the Business of
the Local Fost-
Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— "The postal
business of this city for the fiscal year end
ing July 30 will reach a total of over $99,
--500," said Postmaster White to-day.
"This, with an aggregate of over $275,000
for money orders issued, foreign and do
mestic, and about $350,000 paid in the ag
gregate is not a bad showing for a city
whose population is mostly in business
in an adjoining city. The expenses of the
office are about $50,000 a year, so, you see,
we turn a neat balance over to the Gov
ernment."
The postal system of Oakland is divided
between the main office, two stations, two
substations and a number of postal agen
cies. At present there are thirty carriers,
five substitute carriers, eignteen clerks
(including those in charge of stations and
substations) and four special delivery
messengers. The clerks are divided as
follows: Stations, two; substations, two;
mailing department, three; money order,
two; register, two; distribution, two; di
rectory, two; general delivery, one;
stamp, one; relief, one. With the great
amount of mail and the frequent arrivals
and departures of mails from 5:30 a. m.
until 12 midnight, this force is not con
sidered sufficient lor the rapid handling of
the mails. There is nearly twelve tons of
second-class matter alone sent out of the
office every month in the year.
SATISFACTION IN DEATH,
A Shooting in the Home of Colored
People on Jefferson
Street.
A Longstanding Quairel Between
Two Women Ends in a
Tragedy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 24. f
Amanda Calloway went to revenge an
I insult at the house of an acquaintance,
! and her satisfaction will probably be
death, for she was shot.
The shooting was done at the house 657
Jefferson street, where Pleasant Hill, a
colored flagman, resided with Mary Wag
ner. From the stories of the parties, who
: are all colored, there has been bad blood
between the women for a long time.
Mary Wagner is credited with making
\ remarks about the reputation of Mrs.
! Calloway, who is the mother of seveial
j children.
This evening about 7 o'clock Mrs. Cal
| loway went to the house where Mary
i Waener lives as housekeeper to Pleasant
| Hill. She made known the object of her
I visit and the women were soon quarreling
| violently.
Mary Wagner finally ran and obtained a
j gun and quickly fired three snots, which
entered the arm, breast and hip of her
visitor. Est her Mings and Hill were wit
i nesses to the shooting, but it was done too
! quickly for them to interiere.
The victim was taken to the Receiving
j Hospital, and the doctors at once stated
that it was impossible for her to live.
W.ileon the operating table Mrs. Cal
lowav made a dying statement to Detec
tive Snorey. She said: "I believe I will
die. Mary Wagner shot me three times
because s:ie said my husband was not the
| father of my children. It was ail done
I without provocation."
Pleasant Hill says that the two women
were quarreling and that Mrs. Calloway
told Mary Wagner she knew Bhe had a
eun and that she would make her swallow
it. After a struggle for the gun the shots
were fired and Mrs. CaJloway fell.
Mary Wagner was taken to the City
Hail to be held pending developments.
DEPARTMENT ESTIMATES.
Figures Being Turned In to Auditor
snow Slowly.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— The es
timates from the various departments for
j their needs for the ensuing year are com-
I ing in to Auditor Snow slowly, but as it is
' yet early he will have plenty of time to
consider them.
The City Attorney, in his estimate, has
an item for $6000 to cover judgments and
costs of suits against the city. The City
Wharfinger wants $2500 put in for dredg
ing about the docks. The Chief of Police
believes he should be allowed extra patrol
men, which, together with the other ex.-
I pense?, foot up to $72,000, as against
I $72,890 83 used in 1894-'J>.
Street Superintendent Miller has es
• timated $50,000 for the city's share of the
I expense for the proposed permanent high
; way through East Oakland. He has also
| estimated that it will require $10,000 to
! repair the Twelfth-street dam and $10,000
'to clean the streets. His total estimates,
! exclusive of the above improvements, foot
■ up to $86,000, as against $87,536 97 used ia
1894-95.
The Summons Came.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— 8. J. Aker
man of San Francisco came to this city
last evening to be the guest of Judge C.
H. Fox. After a pleasant evening he re
tired, feelini: well. This morning he was
found dead in bed. Deceased was a single
man, 70 years old, and came to California
in 1849, and was a member of the Califor
nia Pioneers.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
i Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Ban Feancisco Call,}
908 Broadway, June 24, 1890. j
Jesse Bowles of Livermore was discharged
| from insolvency in Judge Ellsworth court this
I morning.
! Couuty Clerk Jordan has several clerks con
! stantly at work on the great register. It is ex
! pected that there will be about 25,000 names
i on the new register.
The Supervisors will meet as a Board of
1 Equalization Monday, July 7, and, after order
i ing an advertisement of ;he fact that they" are
! ready to hear complaints against the asscss
j ments made, will adjourn for three days.
Congressman Hilborn to-day received notice
j from Commissioner Murphy of the Pension
' Office, Washington, that a widow's pension oj
i IJSI2 a month had been granted to Mrs. Kliza
; beih Murphy of 7(52 Alice street, Oakland.
Tne Fifteenth- street African Methodist
! Sunday-sr-hoiil will hold their annual picnic at
' Leona Heights (Laundry Kami) on Thursday,
I June 25. A large attendance is expected,
! as arrangements hare been made ior special
cars.
At the inquest In the case of William M.
Towle, tne l>ownlevllle man who shot himself
on the Piedmont, it was developed that the
man was despondent on account of sickness
j and lack of money. A verdict of suicide was
j rendered.
Manuel Souza, a car-cleaner, attempted to
jump m train which was switching at the
j.ier. He missed his footing nnd fell on his
la-nd, receiving severe but not fatal injuries.
Souza is -M years oi age and lives at Twenty
third avenue. Ho was taken to the tabiola
Hospital.
Martin O'N'eil, who was arrested by Special
Officer Woods on April 19, has announced his
intention of suing the latter and his bonds
men for alleged mistreatment received at the
hands of the officer. O'Xeil resisted Woods
when arrested in a drunken brawl, and he wag
clubbed into submission. Later it was fouua
that his leg was broken, but when, or bow it
occurred no one knows.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
CROAKERS MUST
CROAK NO MORE,
Story Told by a Book
Just Twenty Years
Old.
WHAT MAJORS SAW.
Pardee Saw Shacks and Vacant
Lots; Davie Sees Great
Buildings.
PROGRESS OF TWO DECADES.
Comparatively "Recent Facts That
Read Like a Chapter of Ancient
History.
Oaklakd Office San Fbascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 24. J
Twenty years ago to-day & book was
published in thiß city that was a practical
The Center of Traffic as Mayor Davie Saw It Yesterday.
answer to that element who, having noth
ing to lose, are forever saying that Oak
land is making but little progress.
Although issued in the Centennial year,
the book reads like an ancient history, and,
were the facts not indisputable, thousands
would doubt them.
The Centennial year seems but a brief
instance in the past, but the record of im
provements and values of twenty years
presents a remarkable contrast to the con
ditions of to-day.
Mayor Davie has a copy of the book and
this afternoon he was looking from the
steps of the City Hall down fourteenth
street toward the lake and trying to con
vince himself that the picture of the same
spot in 1876 was not false. Dr. E. H.
Pardee was elected Mayor in that year
and it was while he was in office that the
railroad company laid the foundation for
the powerful opposition that may be said j
to have culminated in the warlike events
that marked the career of Dr. G. C. Pardee
as Mayor.
Tlie'father saw the beginning of what it
is hoped the son saw the end — the restora
tion of the water front. There was a treat
battle for a steam railroad out Market
street to the foothills. The line would
The Same Spot as Seen by Mayor Pardee in the Centennial Year.
[A comparison of the two views ia typical of the city's progress In twenty years. 1
have been run in connection with a ferry
from the foot of Market street to Ban
Francisco. Daring the struggle for the
franchise the Southern Pacific Company
had a bill slyly passed through the Legis
lature prohibiting the passage of any new
railroad through the town "excepting by
the unanimous consent of the City Coun
cil. A great storm was raised, and Dr.
Pardee Sr., who is still enjoying fair
health, presided at an indignation meet
ing, the result of which was that the bill
was vetoed by th« Governor. The fran
chise was never granted, and in that re
spect the railroad won the day, but they
laid the foundation for interminable trou
ble and opposition, which exists to this
day.
One of the most lamentable personal
events that ever occurred in Oakland was
the suicide in the Centennial year of Ben
jamin F. Ferris by drowning" in the Sac
ramento River, about 4 o'clock on the
morning of the 20th of May. He had taken
passage in the steamer Amador at San
Francisco the previous afternoon, and
when the boat was near Sacramento, in
the vicinity of what is known as the
Chickory ranch, he threw himself over
board and was drowned. His remains
were found in due course and conveyed to
Oakland. Deceased was Mayor of tne city
in 1865, and was Justice of the Peace lor
several years. He was frequently a mem
ber of the City Council, and was one of the
founders and the first president of the
First National Gold Bank of Oakland.
The cause of the rash act was temporary
insanity, caused by financial embarrass
ment.
The great event of interest in the month
' of June was the wonderful trip of the
lightning train, chartered by the New
York theatrical managers, Messrs. Jarrett
& Palmer, to convey their company, with
i Lawrence Barrett as star, from New York
to San Francisco in the shortest possible
time. The train started from Jersey City,
opposite New York, at 1 o'clock on Taurs
day morning, the Ist of June, and crossed
Broadway, Oakland, twenty-two minutes
past 9 o'clock on Sunday morning, the 4th
day of June. The actual time occupied in
making this unprecentedtrip between Jer
sey City and Oakland wharf was 83 hours
39 minutes and 16 seconds. People were
out, lining the front streets of the city,
from early morning, looking out for the
fast train, which dashed through Oakland
at the rate of fifty miles an hour. Cheer
after cheer greeted it at every station in
Alameda County. This unprecedented
journey was looked upon as the greatest
railroad feat ever performed.
It was just twenty years ago that the
Eighth-street bridge was built, which is
the cause of so much contention and which
is at present barricaded.
The most marked difference is every
where visible in the buildings that have
been erected in the business portion of
the city and the busy suburbs that have
grown up all around. All the large busi
ness blocks west of Broadway have been
built since then, and the districts in North
and East Oakland. The city nas almost
trebled in size during the past twenty
years in area and doubled in population.
In 1876 Joe Hilton assessed the whole
city at $22,000,000. This year Assessor
Snow's assessment is $46,000,000. The pop
ulation in the Centennial year was 35,910.
Now it is estimated at between 75,000 and
80.000.
In the former year one of the big events
' was the inauguration of a conple of horse
'< car lines. Now t ere is not a city in the
I Union with a more complete system of
electric roads tban Oakland. They run out
to the foothills in several direction?; a belt
I sweeps through Oakland and Alameda;
i line 3 run to West < >akland on three differ
! ent streets; to East Oakland on three
routes, one of which goes clear through to
Haywards.
In 1876 the tax rate wr.s $1 30; this year
itissl.
"I don't think the people have anything
to be ashamed of in the last twenty-year?,"
I said the Mayor. "Considering tho proxim
i ity to and competition from San Francisco
| the progress has been wonderful. In the
| Centennial year, which does not seem very
I far back, Oakland was contented to play
second fiddle to San Francisco in every
thing. Now that idea is completely dis
missed, and there ia more pride among
Oaklanders, generally, than is found in
j most cities. There are others — but they
J cut no figure in this stoay."
COUNSEL SATISFIED.
Satisfactory Settlement of the Crowley
Divorce .Finally cached.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— The divorce
suit of Mrs. Alma Crowley from Dr. D. D.
Crowley has now been satisfactorily set
tled to all parties concerned and the de
cree will now be filed. The attorneys for
Mrs. Crowley, Messrs. \V. R. Davis and
F. L. Mutton, were awarded $350 fees this
morning by Judges Ogden and Frick.
Mrs. Crowiey gets a divorce on the
ground of extreme cruelty and the home
stea:l for life, or until she marries again,
the final ownership to be in tne children.
She is also awarded $I'_'s per month ali
mony, and iepairs, taxes, insurance and
njedical expenses.
Two Houses Burned.
TEMESCAL, Cal., June 24.— An alarm
of fire at 2:50 o'clock this morning startled
the community. It was turned in by
Special Watchman Hitchcock, who saw
the flames while in the vicinity of i'abiola
Hospital. The fire, started in a vacant
| house formerly occupied by a colored
family named" Moore and spread to the
adjoining house, occupied by Patrick
Quinn. The latter saved most of his fur
i mture. The fire is supposed to have been
of incendiary origin.
The Rev. John C. Campbell of Lexing-
I ton Baptist Church, Eleventh strest and
| Lexington avenue, preached a sermon on
i Sunday night to bicyclists.
WEDDING IN BERKELEY.
President Kellogg Officiates at
the Blake- Thacher Mar
riage,
Scientific Salting of Roads to Allay
Dust by Absorption—Republi
can Rally.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24.— One of the
most notable weddings which has taken
place in Berkeley for many months was
held this evening at the residence of
Charles T. Blake, on Bancroft way, his
only daughter, Miss Eliza Seely Blake and
Sherman Day Thacher Deing the con
tracting parties. President Martin Kel
logg of the State University officiated,
in the presence of over 100 invited guests.
Miss Ruth Williams of San Francisco
acted as maid of honor, and William L.
Thacher of New York, a brother of the
groom, served as best man.
The bride, who is one of Berkeley's
fairest belles, was dressed in a costly
white-corded silk gown — the wedding
dress of her mother— with a full -skirt
train and a corsage of mousseline de soie,
decollete. She carried in her hands a
bouquet of white roses, while the brides
maid carried white roses and maidenhair.
The home of the bride was beautifully
decorated with pink sweet peas — the wed
ding flower. On the bridal table, which
was decorated with pink ribbon, sat a
huge vase filled with the most fragrant of
the wedding flowers.
After the ceremony the wedding party 1
repaired to the home of Anson S. Blake,
which adjoins the residence of the bride,
where the wedding breakfast was served.
Covers were spread for over one hundred.
The groom is the founder and principal
of the Ojai Valley Boys' School, Ventura
County, where the newly-married couple
will make their home. lie is a graduate
of Yale in the class of '83 and of the Yale
Law College in the class of '86, while the
bride graduated from the State University
in '95.
The happy pair will leave for the East
in a few days to spend a two months'
honeymoon.
Salting the Roads.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24.— The State
Bureau of Highways has been experiment
ing at Berkeley in sprinkling the roads
with salt.
The theory of the experimenters was
that salt absorbs moisture from the air,
and, therefore, keeps the roadways damp,
and the experiments were with the view
to determining what grade of salt is the
cheapest and most lasting.
With the assistance of the department
of chemistry at, tho State University,
under Professor W. B. Rising, a number
of experiments were made, and the result
of the trials of the several different kinds
of salt has been embodied in a report to
Governor Budd.
School Certificates Granted.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24. — The
County Board of Education granted
teachers' certificates to the following ap
plicants from Berkeley this morning, as a
result of the recent examinations:
Grammar — Miss Louise McKee, Miss
Nellie F. Miller, Miss Margaret Steedman, Mrs.
Christine Hutton.
Primary grade— Susan M. Hall, Miss
Emclie E. Kiggs.
instate of Reuben, Rickard.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24.— The es
tate of Reuben Rickard, a former presi
dent of the Board of Town Trustees, who
died recently in Australia, was appraised
yesterday. The total valuation of the es
tate is placed at $57,779. It consists of
promissory notes to the value of $28,000
and Berkeley real estate estimated at
$29,000 with personal effects to the value
of $779. his heirs are two sons and a
daughter. -/^
More Japanese Students.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24.— Reports
have reached Berkeley that several Japa
nese will be sent to this country by their
Government to enter the State University
in the class of 1900. There are at the pres
ent time about fifteen Japanese attending
the university, the first one ever graduat
ing from it having taken his degree with
the class of '95. A second one graduated
last May.
The four who are to enter in the fall
will receive instruction which will spe
cially fit them for service in the Japanese
Government.
Republican Rally.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 24.— The East
Berkeleyans held a rousing meeting at
Odd Fellows'.Hall thiseveningjand formed
themselves into a permanent organization
for campaign purposes. The speaker of the
evening was Judge R. C. Carpenter of Los
Angeles.
» — — •
WANTED FOR FORGERY.
Meyer Cohen, Who Failed to Appear
at His Wedding, Is Now a
Fugitive.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— Julius Abra
hamson of this city has sworn to a war
rant charging Meyer Cohen, the ex-news
paper man and baseball enthusiast, with
forcery to-day. According to the story
told by Abrahamson it was about two
weeks ago that Cohen presented him with
a check on a San Jose bank for $37 50
signed "Asha Greenberg" of San Jose, his
prospective father-in-law.
It was after banking hours and it was
cashed for accommodation.
The check was placed in the bank for
collection, and several days later word
was received that it was a clumsy forsrery.
'Abrahamson sent Cohen word to settle at
once or he would have him arrested.
Within a few hours after the receipt of
this warning Cohen had left town. It has
been learned that Cohen had made several
attempts to get larger checks cashed
about the City Hall, where he was well
known. It Is said here that his Eastern
record is rather against him and that he
only escaped prosecution there owing to
the* interested parties desiring to keep
from publicity their names.
FOUND A BODY.
The Bemalm of Frederick Schelfler
Discovered by Tramps.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24. —Coroner
Baldwin was notified this morning that
three tramps had found the remains of an
unknown man in the bushes in the vicin
ity of Flemings Point, beyond West Berk
eley. It was stated that the features were
unrecognizable, as the man had appar- j
ently been dead for some time.
When the remains were brought to the \
Morgue they were identified as those of
Frederick Scheifier, a butcher, formerly
an employe of Fred Becker. He was last !
seen by friends Friday, and as he had j
Deen drinking heavily it is believed he
committed suicide, as he often declared
he would. A partially filled wine bottle
was found at his side.
Coffee W«s Poisonous.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 24.— Several
members of the jury who tried the Root
gold brick case have been sick since they
were discharged last Saturday night, and
they attribute their trouble to a meal they
ate in the iury-room.
Juror Hewlett, one of those affected,
explained the matter to-day thus: "You
Know," he said, "if coffee is allowed to
stand in a copoer vessel for any length of
time it becomes poisonous, if the tin
plating is worn off the copper, and it is
just possible that this caused the trouble.
But whatever tbe cause, the pain was
something frightful, and I for one never
wish to pass through such an experience
again."
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Sales
AUCTION SALE FOR CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed In my hands by the CREDITOBS of the
ORIENTAL ©TRADING® COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises.
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. M. and 2 P. M., and Continuing Dally Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the coast, consisting of Oriental Ococo Rug», Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Satsuma. iiaga, Kochi, Cloisonne, Awat.a. BUliu. Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments, Sale positive as store is rented. Ladies particularly Invited.
CH.AS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
AUCTION SALE.
SHERIFF'S WAREHOUSE,
211 Xj«.x-lx.iix Stroot,
Corner Larkin and Ash Avenue,
THIS DAY, AT 11 A. M.
To close np the business of the late Wescott <fe
Son I will sell the unclaimed goods of the above
warehouse, including 10 Pianos, 20 Elegant Fold-
ing Beds and ten thousand dollars' worth of Fine
Furniture and other croods. The chance of a life-
time to get elegant, furniture.
L. H. Bl'ltD. Auctioneer.
ARE BETRAYED BY BLOOD
Tramps Identified as the Assail
ants of Helpless Chi
nese.
Arrested as Vagrants, Their Soiled
Clothes Aroused Well-Founded
Suspicions.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 24. j
Three would-be murderers were arrested
by chance this afternoon. They are Jo
seph Williams, Charlie Carson and
Thomas Keenan, and they will be booked
for a cowardly assault upon three un
protected Chinese last Sunday, and which
may yet prove to be murder.
Constable Gaiiett of Kan Leandro ar
rested a batch of fa've tramps yesterday
and took them before Justice Quinn this
morning. They were sentenced to ten
days for vagrancy and were brought to the
County Jail to-day. As they were being
booked some blood was discovered upon
their clothes, and this aroused a suspicion
that they might be the men who essaulted
the Chinamen last Sunday midnight in
the lonely shanty by Lake Merritt.
The city police were notified and the
tramps were taken before the Cuinese,
who are still seriously sick in tiie Chinese
quarter.
The Chinamen were quite positive in
their identification and picked out the
three guilty ones without any hesitation.
There will probably be many people at
the jail to-morrow to see the prisoners, as
there has been a series of robberies com
mitted on the county road during the past
month and it is believed that the ang is
that now under arrest. Joe Dieves 1 house
was robbed Sunday night, and visits have
also been made at Mose Gunst's house,
and a few days ago the Villa Hotel at
Haywards was systematically looted.
These men have been doing the neighbor
hood for some time, and some of them
have been imprisoned lor vagrancy quite
recently.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Margaret Fuselier to Anson P. Hotaling, lot on
R line of Page street, 165 i&A Kof Gough, E 27 :3 %
by *< 120: 910.
Ursula H. Holding (nee Dauterman) to Mrs.
Sidney Ytagle, lot on N line of Waller street,
J431:» W of Fill more, W 25 by N 120; gift.
Charles A. Mill i van to Owen McHugh, lot on N
line of McAllister street, 137:6 Eof Lou, E 87:6
by 137:6; 10.
Robert Faessler to Samuel E. Moore, lot on S
lint? of Washington street. 192:0 W of Locust, W
27:6 by 1-J7:Bii: $10.
John Coop and James W. Smith to Sophia John
stone, lot ou W line of Clayton street, 110 N of
Frederick, X 25 by \V 125; $10.
Will am and Lizzie Hinkei to William A. Shaw,
lot on \V* line of &hr«ider siree;, 76 .N of Beulah.N
25 by W 106:8; $10.
George L. Carroll to Alfred W. Jackson, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-eighth and >>'oe streets, W
442.X 144, X 325, is 112:6, E 117, S 101:6: #10.
Susan D. Quinn, Luke and Peter Kirby, James
and liugh McCormick, Margaret A. Mallory, Cath
arine Bar Jen, Ellen M. We sii, Elizabeth A., Mary
F., Lucy J., Emma L., John H. and Edward J.
Ford, Harriet E. McKeon lord), Mary L.,
Annie M., Josie M., Thomas U, Elizabeth D. and
Florence 11. Drinan to Peter Darby, lot on oW
corner of Eureka and Seventeenth streets, a 149
by W I*s: .$lO.
M. J. and Juanna Fires to John J. Pires, lot on
W corner of Lizzie street and California avenue,
SW 36 by inW 70:6: *10.
L. a. Noting to Oakland Iron Works, lot on NX
corner of Twenty-seventh street and Stanyan
avenue, X 210, E 118.823, S 9 deg. SO niin. E 212,
W to beginning, block 33, Stanford Heights; $5.
Char.eß L. and -Xettl« W. Clough to William Mc-
Call, lot!on SVV corner of >'ey and Grant streets, S
110 by W 100, block 3, College Homestead; $1375.
Catherine or Katha Lindner to S. and Euiilio
Lombard!, lot on BE lino of London street, 100
SW 200 by aX 100: Kraut.
A LAMBDA COUNTY.
George Howson to Mary Howson, lot on E line
of Myrtle street, 169 N of Twenty-fourth, E 126
by N 56, Oakland; gift.
Joshua K. Mead ci al. to Dennis Holland, lot en
E line of Mead aveuue, 176 W of San Pablo, W
bO by S 125.70, being lots 57 and 68, Map of Mead
Park, Oakland; $10.
John BenEing to Conrad Winter, lot on Pacific
avenue, 166 W of Paru street, WSO by S 15y, to
correct 348 d 167, Alameda; $1.
Bertha Betts to D. Silverstlne, lot on line of
Market street. 84:7 3 Sof Twenty-first, 825 by W
125, being lots 4 and 5, map of subdivision Wall
Tract, Oakland; $10.
a. Dorothea and Milton Snirek to same, all In
terest in same; $10.
Edward 8., Joun A., Mary E. and Annie Cough
lln to Catherine Coughlin, lot on W line of
Hannah street, *25 >' of a, N 25 by W 133, being
subdivision B in lot 10, block 794, Watts Tract.,
Map 2, Oakland; also lot on i. line of Hannah
street, 100 Sol A, 60 by E 133, being subdi
visions A and B in lot 2, block 793, same, Oak
land: $10.
Anton Jensen to Anna C. Jensen, lot on E line of
Ettie street, 175 M of A, N 26 by X 133, being sub
division D in lot, 2, block 794, same, Oakland;
gift.
Marcus D. Hyde (by commissioner) to Hibernia
Savings and Loan (society, lot on s line of Tenth
street, 100 i£ of Madison, E 50 by s 100, being lots
10 and 11, block 125, Oakland ; $4822.
E. Hook to William P. and Henry P. Hook an d
Mary E. Breck (wife of James), lot on » line o.f
Central avenue (Twelfth street), 100 E of Broad'
w«y, K6O by S 200, being lots 10, 12, 26 and 27,
block 159, Oakland; $10.
it. Guy McClellan to Mary L. McClellan, lots on j
N side of McKee street, !o0 of occidental, \V
I 100 by N* 27u, being lois 6, 6, 11 and 12, block I,
paradise Park, Oakland Township; $10.
Andrew U. Magulie (executor of the estate of |
John Kane et al.) to Chirks W. Christ, all Interest |
In lots on E line of Eleventh street, 250 -> Powell, I
iS 50 by E 10 ■•, being lot 14, uloclt 23, Beaudry
and Peladeau property, Oakland Township; $940
AGO den Gal? Lund and Improvement Company j
to itlcbard Harms, lot on ti line of Parsons siren, I
166:6 W of Adeliue, W 100 by X 40, being lot 11,
block E, J. E McElrath tract, Oakland Township,
subject to mortgage to Oakland Bans of Savings
tot $^40; $10. ■
Builders' Contracts, ■
John Rohde with Lorenzen & Ferrier, to erect a
three-Story building on 6>VV~ corner of Taylor and
Clay streets: $4064: Martens <&CoftVy, architects. I
Same with Q. C Sweeney, plnmbtn^ and easnt- >
ting and sewering on same; $756; same architect.
John .Nalthemus witn 11. Gneb, alterations and
additions to three-story building on W line ot
Stockton street, 250 N of filbert; $1450; archi
tect, owner. . . .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Newcount. Mill Valley Paddy ltyau, Vallejo
Tom *"ay, Valkjo . A Hacketh Aiameua
Matt iteitly, fciau liafacl 1' Deinorton, San Rafael
James Mun, Alcatraz J Warner, Alcatraz
Jam us J. ckscii, Oakland J D bivai, Oakland
H « Sum, Boston ■ A It Armstrong, Los Ang
Patrick diarchy, LosAng W H Armiiage, Bu!lwalr
J Medburry, Stillwater ■ C B Jones & \v, Portland j
C C Bray ton, Pi rt and RE Weddle, fcacto
A W Sheldon, Portland W dale, teattle
\V Spllman, Bacio - ' G J Levlnson, rit Louis
Miss A lllcander,- Sacto a ohenvood, Chicoiah
J H Hill, Belma Charles Uerion, Alameda
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-331 gutter St., Above Grant Are.
AT SALES THIS DAY,
Thursday June 35, 1896,
AT 10:30 a. M., I will HEI.L
An Enormous stock of New and Second-hand
Household Furniture of Every Description, con.
sUtinit of Parlor, Bedroom. Dining-room, Library
and Kitchen Furniture in oak, walnut ana b rch;
also about 1000 yards of Carpet, all grades
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
ASSIGNEE^ SALE.
Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sal*.
Rockaways, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
i bo. Come and make an offer. 1128-1141
I Mission st. .
■
GRAND HOTEL
C A Wettung, Lompoc O Shaw, dhtr A son, m
Mrs French, Willows Miss Tatner Willows
.1 H Honoghy <fe f, Cal J T Cox, Kolsom
C Bryant, Diamond Bpg J Melville, Grass Valley
O (ilasoe, Minn C W Jone», Mo
Miss Jones, Mo C M Briggs. 11l
Miss de Shell, Wash, D C W Bigger * s, Navarro
J Miller. Hanta Clara A I Beck, Cal
T M Klby <Sr w, sacto H fierber, Sacramento
W a Hoot, Sacramento J Well. Sacramento
Kiss J Wilson, Sacto W H Fitch. Louisville
Miss Peterson. Portland U Wilpy, Martinez
G .Hall, Santa Rosa J Stroud, Selma
O Newman. Kacto B C Brier, Sacramento
T J'helps, Los \ngeles H X Noble, Portland
C W Lambert <fc wf.U S A a N Bell. St Helena
A L Williams, st Helena J Witney & wf. San Jos«
Mrs A C JlcKinney, S J fi L Morton, Cal
J C Gray, Sacto T n McCallum, 8 Rosa
W X Lennan. S Rosa J Sullivan, Williams
S O'Brien, Victoria W E Heildran Seattle
J A Andrews, L Angeles X M Clarke, Carson
A C Rosendale, P Orove E X Rowe, Stockton
J A Mclntyre, Sncto E M Long. Berkeley
L M Lassell. Martinez Mi'-s Wuterman. Mont
J R Cowell, San Mateo P W Breen, Hollister
G W Jeans, San Juan S Ballou, San Luis
X Zaeselban, San Juan Jil Lyon, Santa Crui
J 1 1 Wiepey, S.aiiia Cruz P Davis. La Grange
C L Rußeies. Stockton Olio lirunsky, Stockton
J X Moore, Ukiah W (i Ponge, Ukiati
j O H Ausman * wf, SMto H O Hickox, San Jo»e
I G I) Domic, Fulton B Chuboya, Cal
H Cope, Mo- elumne H
R Pope, Sntter Creek W S Ooodenough & w, 8J
0 N netting, Lompoc M C Osborn, Santa Cru«
Miss Smi h, Sacto T)r Young, Irvlngton
M F Dnff. Menlo Park 1 Kennedy & w, N»pi»
J W Kiddle, L Ciatos F W Knowles L Gatoa
L L Chamberlain, Aubn J A Rice. Los Gatos
J J Stanfield, L Gatos M X Slnssen, Fulton
L U Grant, Salinas M Lyni), *>an Joge
fl F Lock & w, Sacto A P Stephens A w, N V
Mis< Morcnritz, Sacto L H Frankenheim, Stktn
X 1) Kldridge, Stockton
LICK HOT-sk.
X H Daggett, Visalla B C Clark, Stoekton
\V W Seaman, Sacto H A Pratt, Fresno
T H Johnson. San Jose Mrs M w Wadsworth,
X Sledge, Alabama Alabama
W s Sledge, Madera H D Lombard, N V
A I) Ti ompson, Mendo X V Vandoesburgh, Cal
L \V .lull iard, S Rosa T Maclay, Pet
A B Hill, Pet R Barear, Vacaville
'B H Ipham, Martinez T B Dillon, Cal
I D J Mac Donald, Sonora G C Deering, I, Argele*
T M Rockeill, L Angeles W I? Mooherton, OutarlO
H F.lckhoff, San Rafael C W Malre, 111
H D Gamble, Sacto H Patterson, Reno
|T P Wic.ersham, Cal O Warruser. Deming
: J T King, Merced V B Frost, Merced
J H Uowell. Merced N E de Yoe <fe w, Cal
R X Bulmore, Cal D A Bulmore, Cal
T C Reavis. Salinas P 11 Dawson, Cal
W 3 Mahon, Mi desto Francis Dowd, Monterey
V Vranelo, Triest Aus Fritz Zix, Germany
E Walfe. Cal J L Murphy. Los Angels
1) F Lougland, Ogden Miss Longland, Ogden
C Longland, Ogden FLoi#land, Ogden
R F Alien, Oakland S H Frnzer A wf, Oregon
£ L Standlee&w.St Louis J M McCar.br, Cal
C D Hawes. Oakland R Linklnter, Martinez
H JN Basics, Stockton s F Black, Sacramento
B S Rector, Nevada City B Smith. Hollister
B F Huddlesnn, Oakland I) W Jenks, A' turns
J J Ross. Portland Or J L Root, Mississippi
E I) Goodrich, New York Miss Gage, San Bonlto
WE Rogers. Ainalia RK Starkweather,Hanfd
F O Sheppard, Michigan E T Purser, Susanvlile
C Steen berg, Brent wood Miss -M Dowd, Monterey
HUBS HOU3E.
S T> Green, Vallejo 1) C Hyner, San Diego
H M Filbert, Lodi Q W Vancil, Sonoma
C T Wright, Los Gatos W Chamberlln, Yreka
Miss O'Neal, Butte city T B Miller, v anto Rosa
A F.ssen, Bakersfleld J P Eaton, Kedding
J F Medry, Pope \ T alley L H Sweitzer, Pope V
JS L Hardln, PoDe V JI. Waters, Pope Valley
J B W'ilcox, N V 8 .1 Hryaot, Reno
J Cunningham, Los Ang G W Nash * w, Bacto
.1 Burt, Calaveras Mrs X Wilson, Los Ang
Miss Gaee, San Jose J BarierT, Santa Rosa
I> Rassejl. lowa J Darlington, Placerville
R smith, Peacadero J P James, Xapa
W W Hodson, Montana J Wilson. Ohio
P O (;nste <fc wf, Wis Mrs 8 Parks, Sacramento
Mrs Smith, <;rub Gulch C R Scott, Oregon
N F Drias, Stockton J P Moore, Stockton
W L Cooiep A wf . Cal M Armstrong, B C
X Hutcherson, B C Mrs J Simpson. Wash
D N Prindle, Seattle F Boye A wf, Auburn
PALACE HOTEL.
H Llndley, Los Angeles C H Chancbleln. C 8 IT
.1 Chenis, I'ortland 1 Freri, Flagstaff
1 C Macline, Vflncouver L Silverstein, Toronto
F Thayer. Toronto S H Smith, Toronto
A X HeKlnley, Toronto C C Mclvor, San Jose
FC Taibo , Sau Leiindro J R Williams, Phila
W B Mackey. Portland 0 Holstein, Demitig
C C Perkins, Hueneme F H i'age, Portland
Mrs F U Pago, Portland S F.dkins. Johanesburg
j W Philip, Johnnnesbg Mrs S Edklns, Johansbs
MrsJ W I'!ii!ip.Johanbg J Wlnflson, India
W Andrews, colon M Huuer. c:h:no
S W Lamereau.T, A w, F B Lamereaux, Stev Pt
Washington, D C C H Webb A w, N V
A T Britton <fcw,\V, DC A F Wainwrlght, Blynn
H H Pitcher, Livermora Dr J Ives, U S S
Mrs E S Ives. LA M ri,- E Ives, L A
Miss M A L Ranken.StL X A Jordan, St Louis
R Graham, Sacramento W L Werrick Aw, W,D G
W A .VlcCreiry. Hlynn
l.h(i.\l, NOTICES. '
tJKSTA^T^TO~A. DKCRiEK^OP^FOREoIo^
i sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice is hereby given that the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at tne Courthouse (Alllolani Hale) in Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. 1., on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. C. JONKs,
Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated on the Island of Lanal, comprising 11, TOO
acres more or less in tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800.
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all In good re*
pair, with cisterns, wooished and Dress, and a
flock of 24,000 sheep. 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count.
'i he lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 bead of cattle. As a sheep run It is
the most valuable on the islands. The lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is'and or Lanai.
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
Island.
Steam communication between Lanat and Hon-
I olulu every week.
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
I estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
De sold can he seen and fart particulars can be
I had at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Call-
I fornia St.. San Francisco.
Terms of sale will be cash in United States gold
coin. .
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
I P. C. JONES. Receiver.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
EIGHTH JNSI ALLMKVT ASSE&SMENT
notice.— The !ran Francisco and Ban Joaqutn
Valley Railway Company. Location of principal
place of business, city and county of £an Fran-
Cisco', State of California.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of the
board of directors, held on the 9th day of June,
! 1&96, an Assessment of ten dollars ($10) per share
whs levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable In medially to the Bank of California,
treasurer of said corporation, at the office of said
treasurer, NW. corner of i.?fiu*ome»iid California
streets, in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California.
Any ruck upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the eleventh (11th) day of July,
1896 will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and, unless payment Is made be-
fore, will be sold on the thirtieth (30. day of
July, 1896. to pay. the delinquent assessment,
. together with costs of advertising and expenses of
1 sale. By order o' the board of directors. .
ALEXANDER MACKIK, Secretary.
'321 Market st., city and county of San Francisco,
-tate of California. ■.
| ___ .
gv Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I^aA k 4RX V ST. Established
WTix^^m '" I*3l for the treatment of private
¥¥[ Ljhh.Jß Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
qflfl IB disease wearing on mind and
H^H Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
O| Hi^H full. Try him. Charges low.
HSCnreosaarantved. Callorwrlta.
l>r. J. K. uIBBO>'« Box 1937. 5 an Francisco.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
HUSINKSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali*.
/IO Market street, open until 12 o clock eyerj
riglit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
?13 Larkiu street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opes
cntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Nlcth street, open until 9^30 o'clock.
NOTICE OX' bljektlngs.
C^5P CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. jT~
Efc^ and A.M., will meet THIS (Tlll'K.S- Jl
DAY) EVENING, June 25, at 7:30 o'clock. JSC2T
Third degree. By order of the master. f^f »
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
"35s* DORIC LODGE N0T216, F.'XnT) M
\S^7 a. M.. 121 Eddy feu— Called meeting
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, hi 7:!il^sTj?
o'clock. Third decree. Master Masons in '^yr x
good standing are invited. By order of the W. M.
ADOLPH kRONBBRG, Secretary.
Ht^g» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 80, •
: -£' F. and A. M.— Officers and members C\_
tire requested to assemble at the Temple IS 'Sf
THIS (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON. June /^
25, at 1:30 o'clock, to p»y the last honors to Our
deceased brother, CHARLKB W. SMITH.
GKO. J. HOBK, Secretary.
ijF^p YERBA BUENA LODGE ~™r»v ( n
Etc*' No. 15. I. O. O. F. — Regular^jPSK-
meeting Thursday EVENING,
June 25, at 8 o'clock. As very im-
portant business will come before the meet it is
earnestly requested that all members be pr'-sent.
E. G. HARRISON, N. G.
M. S. JEFrEBS JB., R. a
RP^3=» "CLANNA NAN GAIDHEAL v Ov
B^J^ an' guailibh a' cheile." The San 3, £*OU
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club meets fk?fJK
THIS (Thursday) EVENING at Fra- *«eS^
ternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell St.. at 8 o'clock sharp.
The monthly "smoker" will follow.
J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
Geobgk W. Patbbsox, Recorder. .
R^S=> THE PRECITA VALLEY PROVE-
lfc3y ment Club wi 1 meet FRIDAY EVENING,
June 26, at Graham's Hall, Twenty-seventh and
Alabama sts.
STEPHEN A. BYRNE, President.
John E. O'Bbiex, Secretary.
■t^S= FUNERAL NOTICE. NO -i MAN LODGE
fifrS^ No. 1841, K. of H.— The officers and mem-
bers are hereby notified toaitenda special meet-
ing on WEDNESDAY, June 24. at 10 o'clock a. M.,
tor the purpose of attend, the funeral of our
late brother, Moses Waterman. By order
N. H. HIRSHFELD, Dictator.
J. Gaxs, Reporter.
jp^= REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT ASSO-
m<& ciation— The committee on picnic of this
society will meet at Academy Hall on THURS-
DAY EVENING, June 25, 1896, at 8 o'clock
r. m., to make arrangements for the tenth an-
nual picnic, which will be held at Shell Mound
Partc 011 Sunday, August 2, 1896.
■ P. CORKERY', Chairman.
Mahoney, Secretary.
JJ^^> "GRAND PICNIC— ORDER OF CHOSEN
\£<& Friends at Agricultural Park, "an Jose,
SATURDAY. June 27. Tickets, round trip, $1:
children, 50 cents. Train leaves Third and Town-
send sts. 9 a. M., stopping at Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia sts. Games, prizes, bicycle race. Ihe pro-
ceeds to be donated to the injured and homeless
members of the late cyclone at St. Louis. Tickets
fur sale on the morning of the picnic at Third and
Townsend sts. and Twenty-fifth ami Valencia sts.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
l^^p^Aß^SSsED^cSu^Ri^S I?T ST~.
lFjS' Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler, age 5 years; Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years:
Mary Fasalda, age 3 years: James Fagalua, age 1
year; Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 5 years; Nathan Barloggi, age 3
years.
£^35=- DRS. HOL-*MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
I Br^£r moved to 1870 Market su; poor treated free.
cF]|p BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
XS^£r collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
gf^g= COFFJiY'S COLLECTION CoT 235
ISZ£? Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red '664.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
|PSgF»~DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
BsJS' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery St., corner
Sutter. For the hall-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-:wo one hundredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMAN'S , Cashier.
tt^3p« DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THE GERMAN
tt^^ Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
st— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hnndredths (3 56-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
Liter Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
G EO. TOU RNEY, Secretary.
Bt^p- DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
-6*-^ ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a div.dend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 33V») per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1,1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
cpSp HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
l»^ Society, 18 Geary St. — The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent,
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
jjpS^"~DIVIDENp NOTICE-SAN FRANCISCO
EW5' Savings Union, 532 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-10J) per cent on term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) ier
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
. SITUATIONS IVAJS"TEI>-FE3IALE.
TjELIABLK WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
J I to do general housework; is good cook; first-
class references: city or short distance in country.
Call or address 817 Mission st,
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
vT chambermaid in a first-class hotel; no objec-
tion to country good references. Call 1139 Flor-
ida st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS PLACE
to do housework; city or country; reasonable
wages. Apply for 2 days at 369 Jessie, near Fifth.
Taxperienced lady wishes A PLACE
X-i to take care of infant: competent to raise it
by the bottle. Call or address 9J4 Minna, off 10th.
GIRL wishes To"" .WSIST in light
housework: small family. Please call Friday
morning at 56 Morris aye.
p ERMAN GIRL WISH A PLACE AT
VJT light housework. Address 947 Bryant st.
"I) ESPECTABLE YOUNG STRONG SWISS
JV girl, good cook, wishes a position to do second
I girl, good cook, wishes a position to do second
work orcookine in a private family ; good refer-
ences. Call or address P. D., 4134 Nineteenth St., .
•near Castro.
WOMAN WISHES TO GET CHAM
• » work or dishwashing to do and sleep at home.
Address W. W. C., box 12. Call Office.
Y\/ O.MAN WANTS WASHING OR HOUSE.
»' cleaning: $1 per day and carfare. Address
W. W. C. box 12, Call Office.
LDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN, NEAT
J and reliable, wants housework and care of
children: city or country. Call or address MRS.
X., 1231 Market st.
A' OUNG LADY WISHES TO ASSIST AT
X housework in return for room and board dur-
ing 2 months' vacation. Apply 240 Fifth St.
elia.bTe~oir l WISHES A SITUATION
J I to do light housework and cooking in a small
family: would go to San Rafael. Apply 628 Jessie.
T\7anted-by reliable young woman,
'» situation in small American family to do
general housework; wages $20 to #25. Address
J. P.. box 139, Call Office.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION To
XV assist in ilght housework without window-
cleaning: no objection to assist with a child. Call
121 Fulton st. : references.
\roUNG GIRL, GERMAN DESCENT,
X wishes a position in a small respectable family.
Apply 179 Minna st.
GIRL WISHES GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
VT private family or upstairs work; references.
'Jail at 714 Clement st. and Ninth aye.
BT PROTESTANT GIRL IN AMERICAN
family; good cook and will do housework: city
reference. 317 Golden Gate aye.
LAD.V Wishes ... SITUATION AS nOUSE-
keeper: city or country. 28V2 Sixth st., r. 12.
RE ECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITU A.
tion 10 do light housework; a good home more
an object tim wages. Call at room 18, 607
Eleventh st., Oakland.
pb.MFETENT DRESSMAKER DESIRES EN~-
\J garments in families; reference: Jcity or
conntry. E. E. V., 831 Myrtle St.. Oakland.
YV ANTED— POSITION AS CHAMBERMAID
»' in respectable lodging-bouse. Please call or
address 435 Pine st.
p ERMAN WIDOW, WHO HAS BEEN A
VT short- while in this country, wishes a position
In a Jewish family: is a first-class cook. Apply
1527 Stockton st., candy-store.
YOUNG DANISH GIRL WISHF.S SITUATION
X as children's nurse. 16J3linest.
ONEST YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO AS-
sist in light housework or cbamberwork 5
or 6 hours a day in return for 2 meals a day only
Address H. Y. W., 001 63, Call.
pOVERN ESS— YOUNG LADY WISHES Sir-
VT lion; city or country: English, German,
French, drawing, music; willing to travel. »-a-
(ir. ss K. S., PostotHce, San M:Ueo.
DRESSMAKER, GOOD fitter, wishes
XJ more engagements in families; 92 per day
Address O. iv. box 51. this Office. .
ANTED— POSITION AS INVALID'S
*' nurse and companion: would make, herself
useful; moderate salary. X.. box 63, Ca'l Office.
"YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION. TO DO
X light housework or would take care of baby.
Call 32iy a .Teliam!i st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
'Voung~vvoman'"wishes SITUATION as
I traveling companion to lady going to EuroDe,
or would take charge of children on same trip.
Address B. M., 736 Twenty-fifth st.
OITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
O In American family to do general housework;
wages $15 to $20; city only. Call 916 Howard st.
0 YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS, ONE
— for chamberwork and the other for chamber-
work and wait at table. Call 1100% Stevenson
St.. off Twelfth.
WOMAN WITH SON 8 YEARS OLD DE-
» > sires position to keep house for widower with
one child: no objection to country if near school.
Address 4272 Twenty-fifth St.
/I ERMAN GIRL, 14 YEARS OF AGE, CAN
VJT speak English, wishes place to take cure of
children or assist with light housework; sleep
home. Please call 1105 Stevenson st., nr. Twelfth
and MarKet. •
} EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIHL WANTS
Xli nation as chambermaid or to watt at table.
Address 204% Eddy aU, rear.
II 1 ! ■<1 \v WOULD IKE INVALID OR
'» old lady or gentleman to care for; good,
pleasant home and good care. Address or call
1618 Green st., MRS. DAN FORTH. '
/TIKI. WISHES GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
* 7 private family; also girl for upstairs work.
Cal! 34 LufayettesU
V- Ol LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X companion to lady or do second work or cham-
ber work; good references. Please add 1 ess L. 8..
1221 O'Farrell St. .
UMAX WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
»* ironing or housework by the day. 245 Fif-
teenth St. i
TJEFINED, EXPERIENCED ENGLISH girl
IX wishes position as house or parlor maid, or as
companion to invalid; wages $25; English or
American family preferred. Address M. J., 865
Broadway, Oakland.
pOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewlne; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St., room 19.
Vl' INCHES i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ierrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED-BIALE.
XX employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
C. (i. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :shorl notice. 14 Geary. tel.Gran:43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J office: best help. 3148 .Sutler: tel Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414 1/2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
pENTLEMAN OF MORAL HABITS, WHO
VT is engaged in wholesale business, would like
a position to occupy him half of every day, eitier
morning or afternoon, as .salesman in any retail
business; 7 years' salesmanship experience. Ad-
dress O. H., box 65, Call office.
OBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN DE-
k sir.'s position in store or office: thorough book-
keeper; small wages to begin with: good refer-
ences. A ddress J. 8., box 41 , Call Office.
TEADY. SOBER DANE WANTS EMPLOY-
_ ment in private family to take care of horses
and garden; can milk and handy with carpenter's
tools; references. Address S. D., box 66, Call.
VOI'.NG GERMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
X make himself generally useful; understands
the care of horses, garde n^anl general housework:
good references. Address H. it., box 12, Call.
POSITION OF TRUST, BY A YOUNG MAN
X of family possessing ability and extended busi-
ness experience; can furnish highest references
and bonds. Address E. C., box 49, Call Office.
V < I UN,. MAN WISHES POSITION AS VALET
X or butler: no objection to travel; good refer-
ence. Address Valet, box 33, Call.
TRONG GERMAN BOY' WANTS 6>llUA-
tion in a butcher-shop: has had one year's ex-
perience. Address J. 1. ZIMMERMAN, Tevis St.,
Fnr.tvale.
ELI ABLE MAN, MIDDLE AGED, GER-
IX man, wishes a situation as gardener or take care
house, cow, etc.; hostler; city or country: handy
with tools and generally useful about place.* Ad-
dress H. 8., box 64. this office.
COOK, BAKES GOOD BREAD, PIES, ETC.,
wants a situation for the country. Address
1301 Santa Ciara aye., Alameda.
4 N INDUSTRIOUS ELDERLY MAN WANTS
-A light work of any kind; would be useful and
handy about house, garden, etc.; a home the prin-
cipal object; city, Oakland or Alameda. Address
DANIEL, box 63. Call office.
UTLEK. STEWARD OR HEAD WAITER;
Englishman, just arrived; 10 years' experi-
ence; 15 months' reference from general com-
manding imperial force* in Canada. Address But-
ler, box 32, call.
p ARDENER. PRACTICAL MAN ABOUT
vT place, wishes situation; references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
A OUNG GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER, CAB-
X inet-maker »nd general mechanic, with tools,
wants a situation of any kind. Address 716 Clem-
entina st.
■yOUNG SWEDISH MAN WISHES SITUA-
X lion: city or country; first-class driver, milk
and do gar-iening work; references. Address F.
L., box 119, Call Office.
~T~N a! SALESMAN 01? EXPERIENCE
jTv thoroughly "acquainted with Pacific Coast
trade and capable 01 handling large deals, would
like to form a connection with some large aud re-
sponsible concern. Address L. R., box 120, all.
"\\: ANTED— SITUATION IN OFFICE: FULLY
'» competent; salary no object: middle aged;
good letters. FREDERICKS, box 1, Call Office.
PACKER-FIRST-CLASS WITH 10 YEARS'
X reference, wishes posiiiou in wholesale house.
Address Packer, box 67, this office.
OY WISHES A SITUATION IN A WHOLE-
sale house; willing to work. Address G., box
148, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
0 wife, without chlldre i, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both iirs:-c!ass references. Address J. L. RAT
GEBER, Napa, Cal.
WANTED- BY GOOD RESPONSIBLE
II young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address d. A., box 6,
this office.
"I ICENSED ENGINEER, 25 YEARS' EXPE-
\j rience in city and the mines, wants situation:
city or country; man of family: can run dynamo I
and locomotive. Address I. M., box 107, Call Office.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the exporting of books, openiug
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books mid general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
ANTEH— BY A YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
'» a situation as carpenter on a ranch; Is also
used to all kinds of farm work: can furnish good
reference. Address P. O. box 17. San Lorenzo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»T Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to ami from the ferry.
EKMAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRl-
vate family: good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling sock; good milker: references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: bus: ;:n ! bag~aceiound from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
O ERMAN OR ScXnDINAvXAN WOMAN
VT with child, country, $15. MURRAY <fe
READY', 634 < lay st.
2 FRIENDS alTcook and SECOND girl,
small country hotel. $20 and $15, free fare;
cook small resort. $30: French cook, $25. MUR-
KAY & READY. 634 Clay St. ■■
OOK. SLEEP HOME, $20; 12 HOUSEWORK
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter st. '
OOK, COUNTRY, $30: SEE LADY HERE.
MISS CULLEN, 3-3 Sutter st.
OMAN TO COOK FOR MEN ON A RANCH;
$20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
T A UNDRESS: $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
XJ 323 sutter st.
EAMSTR BBS, »J5; GERMAN GOVERNESS,
$S5. MISS CULLEN, 828 Butter St.
WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20
each. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
DEFINED GIRL OR~ WOMAN, LIGHT
XV hous-work, 2 In family, $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Suitor st.
WORK ING HOUSEKEEPER, COUNTRY,
VV $20. MISS 1.1. EN, 323 Sutter st.
/"IHAMBeT:M"aTD AND WAITRESS, $20; AL-
\J ameda. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OTHER and daughter, COOK and
second girl, country, $40. MISS CULLKN,
323 Sutter st.
V V ANTED— AND SECOND GIRL FOR
'» same prira'.e family, $25 and $15, see parties
at ouroffice this morning: coot, H in family. $15;
collar-polisher for hotel laundry, $15 »nd board;
fancy ironer for hotel laundry, $30 and board;
French cook for small summer resort, $'25; 20
girls for cooking and general housework, $15 to
$25. Apply early to C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st.
VERSEEING HOUSEKEEPER AND SEW,
$20: not less than 40 years of a<*e. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
W ANTED '- I FIRST-CI.ASs CHAMBER-
V» maids for first-class summer resort, $20; see
parties at our office at 11 a. m. C. It. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary sr.
WANTED-2 WAITRESSES FOR SPRINGS,
»' !f2ii, see parties at our office 9 a.m.: waitress
for first-class summer resort, $20: waitress, coun-
tr.- hotel near city, $20. C. i:. HANSEN & CO.,
1 10 Geary St. ■ ' ___^__
\\" 'ANTED -LAUNDRESS, PRIVATE *AM-
'» iiy, $25; 2 French and German second girls.
$20 and $25: German chambermaid, $20; ranch
cook, $-0; German cook, Santa Barbara, $25;
restaurant waitress. $25, and girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 312 sutter st.
Vy A I TRESS, SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL,
»» $20, room, etc ; 5 housegirls. $20: -7 house-
eirls, $15; 9 young girls $8, $10 and $12 per
month, assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
HELP WANTED-Contlnned. |
tiTanted— Seamstress and~maTd7s2T-
»' also competent waitress and parlor maid, $25;
competent cook for private fami y in Santa Cruz,
$30: German or French cook, $40: ten good house-
work girls, $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Sutter St. ■
\V ANTED— FIRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK,
»» $40: waitress, hotel, $20; second clrl, city,
$15; protestant cook, $40 tirlsfor ho rework and
assist, $20, $15 and $10; Swedish laundress,
country. $30. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
(~\ OOK, SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL, $25. It.
\J T. WARD & CO., 608-6 10 Clay su _
GIRLS general housework, $25;
8 girls assist $10, $15. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason St. _.
YV ANTE D^a" NUMBER OF GIRLS TO FILL
'' good situations. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
TRONG AMERICAN GIKL FOR GENERAL
housework: must be good plain coo»: reference
required; wags $20. Apply 10 10 12 A. M. MRS.
GOODBAN, 1117 Van Ness aye.
\\r ANTED - FJRST-CLASS BUTTONHOLE-
»' makers and coat finishers. HENRY HILP,
106 Battery st.
\V r A TED— YOUNG SALESLADY AND
"» cashier in bakery: experience required.
Westerfe:d's bakery, 1035 Market st.
VOI'XG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework and help lake care of baby; wages
$15. 31 Fulton st.. 10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT-OPERATORS ON SO.
■_' Wheeler & Wilson machines; also on singer
machines. M. J. KELLER Company, Oakland.
ADY MUSICIANS TO ORGANIZE LADY
orchestra for^an extended t our. E., box 6, Call.
ANTED— COOK FOR SMALL KESTAU-
' » ranU Apply 850 Howard st^
OUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
I Call 1636 Post gt.
IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
VX light housework. 34 Runs st. ■ - •
■\TOUNG LADY WITH $500 TO INVEST,
- X capable of doing society reporting, can secure
steady position at $50 per month: Investment se-
cured. Address M. U. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
pOMPETENT WOMAN To ASSIST IN j
\J profitable legitimate business. Address Profit,
box 122, Call Office.
LURST-CLASB TAILOREBS ON CUSTOM
X? coats. 41iy a Kearny st.
T\RESSCUTTINU AND FITTING TAUGHT
U thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS..R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school, 505 Fell st.
TTAIRDRESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
XX culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st.
ERFKCT FITTING AND STYLISH DKESS-
X making taught, $5 per month pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers; waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up.
McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
T A DIES- ! FREE ! LESSONS EVERY
1j Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
AIR-DHESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
AIR DRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes: 10 lessons. sl 50. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
VfOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
v>X Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per we : free 'bus nnd hagga°e lonnd from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
: DAm ENDERT COUNTRY HOTEL. $25 :
X) cook, for a small hotel at springs, $30: 5 cooks,
city and country, $20, $25, $30. $40 and $60: 6
waiters. $25, $30 a d $35, for city and country
hotels, resorts and splines; waiters, city, $5 a .
week: 3 dishwashers. $15 and $20: ranch cook.
$•^5. only 6 men to cook for: cook, for 2 men and
milk 2 cows. $15. MURRAY & READY, Lead- '
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU
t)7\ WOODCHOPPERS, FOR A MINE, $1 A
—yJ day and board: 20 redwood tie-makers. 8 and
10c each. MURRAY A HEADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 631 and 636 Clay st.
()i\ FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
*-*' hands, $20, $25 and $2o: farmer 10 work on
an orange- orchard; 20 laborers, city and country
work, $1 75 and $1 60 a day and $26 per mouth and
board; 3 middle-aged men to hoe beans and pota-
toes, $15 and found; 2 i horemeu for a ranch. $15, '■
$17 50: 10 ranch teamsters, $20; 2 milkers:
farmer and wife. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Emp'oyment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
I. LACKSMITH,COUNTRY7S4O AND FOUND;
' ' 3 header-wagon drivers; man to drive team
with derrick-forii, $1 a day and board, for C. C Co.
MURRAY A BEADY, Leading Employment !
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 LABORERS FOR A MINE, $20 PER MONTH !
0 and board, fare refunded. MURRAY <fe I
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay sU ;
1 Afi LABORERS FOR A ROCK QUARRY
IUU and picK and shovel work, city, $26 and
board; 10 teamsters near city, $26 and board; 6 '
teamsters city, $1 50 a day: 10 farmers for haying
near city, $26; 2 milkers country, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Gearv St.
£• WAITERS FOR SUMMER RESORTS AND
U springs, $30; 2 waiters hotel city. $30; night j
short-order coo country restaurant. $9 a week: I :
beUmaker country hotel, 925; dishwasher for
fpnngs, $15 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
EAD LAUNDRYMAN FOR AN INSTITU-
ion. $40: man to run Sinclair bosom-ironer, ,
$:.0; 3 fancy Ironers, country, $35 and found: '
Ironer. country. -$3O; washer, $35; man 10 help
ironing, $'J0 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., '
110 Geary st.
"li: ANTED — WAGON- MAKER, $26 AND !
'» board: man handy with carpenters' tools, $20
and found: 2 hand-lroners, $35 and found: office -
boy for country. $10 and found; farmers. $20 and
$25 and found; laborers, $1 7!) aday; wood-chop-
pers, $1 25 cord; farmer and wife, $45 and found ; !
milkers, $25 ana found; man to pickle olives;
baker, country 30; kitchen men and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\\T ANTED— BLACKSMITH FOR COUNTRY
'« shop. $2 per da<* and found; farmer for hay- ,
ing and harvesting, $ and $1 25 per (lav; 2 farm- ;
ers. near city, $20; woodsman, near city, $35 and
found; man to drive wagon. $10 arid good home;
baker, country hotel, near city, $30 ; cook, small
restaurant, $25: waiter, country hotel, -125, fare 1
advanced; boy for country hotel, $15 and found,
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 clay st. 1
ipOGii TO-DAY, FARE "REDUCED~Ti7"S2 50,
X 20 men to peel bark, no experience required, ! ,
$1 25 a cord, board $4 a week; also «> woodsmen, i
$26 and $30 and board. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 :
and 610 Clay st.
EAD WAITER, COUNTRY HOTKL, $30;
waiter, country hotel, $25; butter-maker, $35;
dairyman for Nevada, $35; 2 machine miners, $3
a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay si.
AN TO WORK ON A RANCH, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
1 UTLER, $35; REFERENCES. MISS CUL-
IJ LEN, 323 cutter St.
ANTED— BUGLER TO PLAY IN PARADE: !
10 days' job; bring instrument. Apply 9
O'clock this morning. F. W. KELLEY, 313
Bush st.
YV TED — THOROUGH CHILDREN'S
" clothing salesman; must be good stock-keeper.
RAPjIAKL'S, 11 Kearny st.
IRONER; MAN OR WOMAN; COUNTRY
laundry; call early. Employment office, 128
Fourth st. . '
IJELIABLE MAN TO SOLICIT FOR POR-
X trait enlarging and pictures. 1517 Market St.,
near Twelfth. .
BOY ABOUT 15; ASSIST HOUSEWORK. 4073
Twenty-fourth St., near Castro.
YIT ANTED- 100 MEN EVERY DAY TO EAT
'» our home-cooked hot lunch, free with drinks.
Yosemite Saloon, 200 Fourth st.
THIRST-CLASS LECTURE AGENT. ADDRESS,
X giving experience, references and terms, Ros-
trum, box 2, this office.
hoemTker wanted on repairing.
202 Fifth st;
AN WITH $150 AS PARTNER; $76 A
month guaranteed. Success, box 55, Call. ■
Vl* A NTED- A GOOD, WILLING M ! AN~~TO
'» cook in coffee-house. 26 Sixth st.
OOD METAL - ROOFER WANTED. 652
Sacramento st.
rpHREE YOUNG MEN TO WRITE IN EX- '
X change for shorthand course. M., box 6, Call.
/1 OOD BARBER WANTED. 406 DEVISA-
VI dero st., Oak.
ONEST PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISHED
paying liquor-store: part cash; balance out
of profits: cause, sickness. 206 Third st.
nergetic~m"en AND WOMEN to PRE-
XJ sent the grei.tcst novelty of they cor: salary
and commission. The Cabinet Company, 18 Post. '
YV ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
>' store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness; salary $75 per month: roust have i 25 I '
See STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
\~ OUNG MAN TO TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
I *200 cash. Address Y. V., box 11, (all.
en-CHAIR RESTAURANT ON SIXTH ST.
O\J for $100: sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
O HOE-SHOP FOR SALE. 2903 PINE ST.
W" ANTED — FIRST-CLASS EXPERIENCED |
cellarman for liquor-store; one who under- I
stands both wholesale and retail business; must i
understand barkeeplng. Apply to 423 Kearny st. '.
"IV ANTED— 2 YOUNG MEN WITH SMALL
it capital to rent and give exhibitions with water
bicycle. ADply SW. cor. lay lor and Bay st.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED" STATES
»' Marine Corps, U. S. navr, able-bodied, un- .
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read, -
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de- ,
dared their Intentions to become citizens will bo
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving on- "
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis si., San Francisco,
Cal.
AILOR'S SEAT-ROOM AT 611 CLAY ST.,
room 7: 75c. with use of machine. '
pAR I NER WANTED-ONE ACQUAINTED
X In city; temperate: rustler; reference; Investi-
gate. I; raployment Office, 128 Fourth st. .
MEW. WALDO HOUSE. 765, M15510N, BET.
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to .
50c;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning colls; clean; quiet; open all night.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBEKS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
Barbers' Asso. H.BERNARD, 102 Seventh st.
\J AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J-> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
AP.Bh.KS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
|> AKBERS' ASSOCIATION Ue' CAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu Hec'y, P. c. Hamann. 2c9y 2 O'Farrell.
TJARBER-SHOP, WITH LIVING- ROOMS, TO
Xt rent; this is a snap for a married man. Apply
Call Office.
J CHAIR BARBER -SHOP AT $250. IN-
tt .quire at 13 Taylor st. --^-
A i;BKK-sHUP FOR SALE— BEST LOCATION
in this city for a 5c shop; 4 chairs; room for 7
more. Apply this office.
IJARBERS — BEST-PAYING 3-CHAIR 15c
Xi shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDR'AV, San Jose.
\\ ANTED— YOUNG MAN OR BOY TO LEARN
» ' barber's trade. Inquire 107y 2 Fifth st.
WANTED — WATCHMAKER'S APPREN-
'' tlce. Apply at 129 Montgomery aye.
ALL MEAT ORDERS 5c., WITH COFFEE,
tea or milk. 635 Clay.
AN TO~TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert st.
\\T ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
»» barber-shop; newly opened: shaving sc; hair-
cutting 10c; best and biggest in city. 207 Fourth st.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
T ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacifl , below Kearny.
VSTH MA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dins Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
BEST IN CITY- -SING E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $j., $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Lel<te3dorff sts.
DOOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmmst. •
ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per right: $1 to $3 per week.
YY' ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & 06., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40c;
done while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 -Market, Will & Finck's, S.F.
pALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
\J lialf-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD 7
all grocers keep lv
\\TK AXE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
»» your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual p.lce; done while you wait.
662 Mission sU, between First and Second sts.
YY' ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, S63Vi MARKET ST.—
J Rooms 20c.,-25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.; 200 rooms', best in the city- slng.'e rooms
SO and 25c a night, 91 a week: meals 10c.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
*' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UT ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» ers&clericu. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I INUELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' fits.; single furnished rms 7'> c week, 15c night.
1 / ,f\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
l\i\J and 20c a night, including coHee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
W~ ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
II v<sek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
readlne-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sU
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 ■_'">. C 62 Mission.
"L^REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
JT niso ft hut-' rof 'ht'T. sf. at PS 7 I'lor <»f.
AOKNTS WASTED.
IF YOU CAN SELL A REALLY GOOD ARTI-
X cle that has never been worked before, I want
to see yon. Call after 10 a. ii. or write FRANK
HALL, 300 Post st.
AXE GOOD LIVING SELLING IMPROVED
I'l leather suspenders; exclusive territory. 1332
Sacramento st.
rn\\'O LADY* CANVASSERS; NEW patent-
X ed article; sell on sight: best thing for years;
investigate. 11 Glen Park aye., 9 to 6. Good thing.
A GENTS WANTED— AGENTS FOR A WELL-
AGENTS WANTED— AGENTS ladies or gents.
known and fast-selling article; ladies or gents.
JACQUES, 910 Pacific st.
LIVE AGENTS. 870 WASHINGTON ST.,
Oakland; $2 to $5 per day. Ladies and gen-
tlemen. '.;- v ,
\ GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLE AP-
/V ply 1027 Miirke- St.
'. ROOMS WANTED.
2 UNFURNISHED ROOMsT^AtTi^ PRl-
vate family: $5 per room: nr. Odd Fellows
Hall. Address 28 V 2 Seventh s:.
WAKTJBU^auS CELLAN US.
S"" T^LTTToifR^BOOKsTc LOTHINCi ANI? JK^W
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST.
1 OST— DIAMOND-SET WATCH. ENGftXvED
XJ Mizpan Willey Alien. 1886. Return to Cali-
fornia Hotel: liberal reward.
LACK SILK AND LACE CAPE AT ST.
Bridget's picnic: sui able reward. 1128 Union.
T OST— B TIT. DAY" OR SUNDAY, LADY'S
-Ij breastpin: violets, diamond in center. Please
return to 26 1 / a Kearny sU, room 9: liberal reward.
Cj ] A REWARD— LOST, JUNE 17, FROM BUS
tiPXV/at Belvedere, junction beach road with
middle road, near Dun bar residence, round plain
gold locket bearing monogram ".I. s."one side and
•11. R. •*." on other; inside containing lady's pic-
ture and opposite it date September 4, 1894; locket
being attached to double told chain with long
twisted links connected by small round ones. Re-
turn to J. S., 427 Sansome st., and receive above
reward.
I JUNE 22. DEERHOUND PUP, COLOR
XJ black, legs and face black and tan, white
breast and white stripe on face, white tip on tail;
finder will be rewarded. Call A. MAZOUC, 15
Virginia pi., off Broadway, above Stockton st.
O PUPS, 1 G< )RIK)N AND 1 BLACK SETTER.
A Reward at 437 Fourth st.
T GOLD LOCKET; FILIGRE BOTH
XJ sides, with diamond on front side: $25 reward.
625' l.arkin si., thirl lloor.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE HAVE~A^UMISftR~OF~GOOD PIANOS
»» and organs of makers with established reputa-
llons that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. Th3ss
instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure a bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Steinwu\- rep-
resentatives. ■,'.>■;
\ • I ■; lt Y CHOICE UPRIGHT, BEAUTIFUL
V case, excellent tone, sacrificed for $130: owner
obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market st.
N ALMOST NEW UPRIGHT STEINWAY';
_ immediate, forced sale. Room 10, Flood bldg.
VIAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; NEW;
i'l sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento st.
TTIISHEB UPRIGHT, $125: MARSHALL <fe
X Wendell, $125: bargains a: $150 and $175.
THE ZENO MAU VAIS MUSI" CO., 769 MarkeU
fflj A C HALLET «fe DAVIS PIANO FORSALE;
J«->» $5 Installments. , 221 Leavenworth st.
ijianos Half price. '
x ADMINISTRATOR'S sale
TO close ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market su
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives. _^
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
in? $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 Market St.
QTEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
0 at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
TJEFOKE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ & Gerts and Kn.ibe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post sU
C CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
) small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 85: mandolins, $3 36; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
1I (X FINE CHICKERING; SC'HMITZ, 16
i£>±4jO. McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
CHICKEIUNU, KNABK,. STIfCK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
iorrenu BENJ. CURTAZ <t BON, 10 O'Farrell.
YRON MAU/Y, SOS POST ST.-SOHMKK,
Newby & Evans. Brlggs i.nd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
i-^ H. MILLER, maker, r-nalrer. 2 Latham place.
AT-LAA?. ~
A DVICE FREK-DIVORCE LAWS X"sPEcT
-£*- alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended ta G. W. HOWE.- att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
T) W KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHROK-
Xi». icla bldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
LX- PHILLIPS— S. AND STATE COURTS;
. It. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates: charges moderate. Offices 508 California sU
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUJSSELORAT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A W, 420
. California st., rooms 14 and 15; ndvioe free.
_ PERSONALS. " '
RsTDRTTIIR^ANDXi^ CHIROPODI'sT^-THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city. - ■ •
P AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland. Cal.
LINCOLN BROS.. CASH GROCERS, 5:26
Sixth St.. middle of the block— Eggs, 10c dozen:
bntter. 20c roll: hams. 6c pound: jelly, 10c can;
flour, 80c sack; tea and coffee, 2sc pound ; apricots,
pears, plums, apple* or prunes, 5c pound. LIN-
COLN BROS., 226 Sixth s:.
A DVEKTISER WANTS SEVERAL PERSONS '
A to complete camping party. 437 Fourth st.
pARD AND LIFE READING. 25c; LADIES !
\J only. 14 McAllister st., room 20: ItoBP. M. j
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE- ■
I\. dally -, private: no charge unless successful; all j
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at- I
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-iaw, 850 Market s: |
DESKROOM FOR RENT. ROOM 305,
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. .:..-.';,:
I>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
- and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cxtiou on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For par.iculars aldiess 424 Pine.
INFORMATION WANTED CONCERNING
X BENJAMIN L. ROADCA P. formerly of Abi-
lene, Kans., and lately of Pueblo and Salt Lake
City, ana now supposed to be in >an Francisco or
vicinity. Address HAVEN <fe HAVEN, room 13,
seventh floor. Mills bu lding, s. F.
TRIED LETTING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
x at Lederer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— L'sc— is my strong
point. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake the number.
?T AIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURE, 25c;
XX face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post su,r. 20
URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal.
\i RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
-I>X cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mnnufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 63() MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
I' low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND.-*, JEW
dry, etc. : lowest rates. 94H Market su
1 linn CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X < lyjyj tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary sU. r. 39.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-TV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings,
XT'LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Xli Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HA I R-
• dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. HUMAN. 41 3<t. cor. Jessie.
dressmakers.
D^"re^e^TupTwrXp^er's"Ss'cents"'upl
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st., above Sixth.
/COSTUMES REASONABLE; SPECIAL
\J rates to professionals. Room 85, St. Ann's
building. 6 F.ddy st.
clairvoyants.
s^is^a^ule^njTadvice ~
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE
that makes the unbappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world -renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals '
everything yon wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 10 9
daily and Sundays.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names up. 5 Fourth. ,
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DA UGH- I
ter, is a bo>*n medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: mnter'allzei ;
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon ;
the public, for 60c and $1; coll and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market su j
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES i
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented j
success in New York City; greatest card reader on i
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours I
9to 8 ; elevator. ."-v
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd-reader, born \.-lth a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry and j
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FltOM CRADLIi TO
the grave: fee 5:5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tebama, upstairs, ur. Fourth.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dlctureot
your future husband or wif«. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
I) ET URN ED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past, I
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission, j
SPIRITUALISM.
A^^ A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMKN IS
A MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 <fc UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
, HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past, is
Hgain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success |
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: the i
separated are united; the sick made strong : the .
poor come rich; If you think your husband, wite
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor ■ mortals
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure me:i Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can- |
not call, for treatment by mail is always most sue- 1
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
DISEASES DIAGNOSED FROM A LOCK
OF HAIR.
FEE $1 <fc UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 M . RKKT ST.; j
seances every night except Mondays and '
ThurMlavs: Independent slatewriting, materializa- |
tions and trumpet speaking: private sittings daily,
$1: chairs for seance, 2 sc; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours daily 9 to 4.
KS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to all her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desires to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, troubled and afflicted: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp mis. ; sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
A DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
■t V. siclan; ladies only; no fee except gift; circle
Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. 14 McAllister.
CV. MILLER S SEANCE TO-NIGHT, 8 P. M.,
. 535 Post St.; 50c: will leave June 30.
T~~EST CIRCLE THIS EVENING AT MRS.
X Griffin's parlors, 120 McAllister: good mediums. |
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10C; MME.
YOUNG. 605 McAllister St.; skept cs invited.
"I ONE LLA. SPIRITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
XJ recently of New York, tells yon how to be pros-
perous in business: locates mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
MME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
pLAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c;
\J 41 Minna st., basement. . :
RS. KATE HOSKINB, TRANCE AND BOSl-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak su {
Af ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
Jtl yrs. Kearny, now 92? I'ost; fee. $1; letter $2.
ASTROLOGY.
MEDICAL ASTROLO^^PROFTHOWiTRD^
vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect, tiealth. 311 Hyde St., 10 to 3.
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: dally or by mall, $2. 36% Geary st.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
TO LET— THE w7^TErX~HOUSE""3I7-319
Bush st.: this weli-kuown hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares with
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISON &BURKE
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located. % block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur- ;
ther, particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320 I
Sanaome St.. room 39. ' <■■•■ ■'• * *
TO LEASE. '
rPO LET— SECOND~FI6oR; "To'\3^:"pOWEß
Xor without: brick building. 145 I'.enlc st.
BAGGAGE TRANSFER.
ITIRUNKS MOVED, 26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, >48 ■ Sutter st. ; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. -
BUSINESS CHANCES.
jf>Cn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, LlV-
<JrOt)l*. Ing room, north of Market: low rent,
good place; kept by owner for years; rare chance.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st. :-
(j.:nn saloon, established years,
O\J\J. with large patronage, on Kearnyst.;
partner* don't agree. WILKE, 531 California sU \
<Si CAj 1 HONEST AND^NDUSTRIOUS PART- j
tJpUl"' '. ncr wanted in hotel and saloon; clear-
ing $200 per month. WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
£j /• A (\ CANDY-STORE, BRANCH BAKERY
tjp UUU. and stationery; laundry and U.S. stamp
agency; Market st ; 6 rooms, bath : rent $15; kept i
by owner 6 years. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
©qxrjn STEAM LAUNDRY; ESTAB-
(IDOuUU. lished for years: all modern improve- !
ment*; doin,' large business; 4 horses and 4 wag- j
ons; owner owns property: will give lease.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St.
<J~f) SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS:
ig)fjO\J. rent $30; lease: average dally receipts,
$15; near Market Hall; actual value, $1000. (.all
WILKE. & WOLF, 531 California St. ,
<£ R(\fi PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAYING ;
tfI)UUU. business; will stand the fullest investi- j
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged j
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge ■
the business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I Af\ll AS ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP I
tip 1 rrUv/. across the bay, with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash ree ster: working |
3 men and doing fine business; object of selling
sickues3;mvestigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
mi FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEO
<rUUI/. tionery business; in good locality : rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Oil 0.0, VEGETABLE-STORE AND FRUIT-
tipXUU. stand. $150— Siloon: paying fine.
$700— Restaurant: worth $1:00; see this.
$2'!o— Branch bakery and delicacy ; worth double.
$1100— A snap in an elegant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
<Hi.l^n FINE GROCERY AND BAR, BEST
<ID*±«JU. location in city, good business, sells 8
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business: see this at once. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
CI» 1 K|| COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
(JDXUU. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
LOON; BEST LOCATION; NO REASON-
abIe offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
4KQO.H BAKERY: FINE CORNEK-,3 ROOMS;
COl/U. bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Q90.0, mTrket-st. CIGAR-STAND AND
tjpZjUU. clrbrooms; must be sold: low rent.
BARRETT, 1126 Market St.
q>QA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
VPOVJ. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
ffijQA c"HOPHOUSE AND SHORT ORDEKS:
«IpOU. receipts $7 day: low rent; great bargain.
BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
ffijQAA HALF INTEREST IN THRIVING
«IPOV/V/. cash business; duties light and easily
learned: or will exchange for real estate in city or
acres* the bay. H., box 33, Call Office.
Odd PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNER
<fr£\J\). lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 632
Market st.
<8i"|O, (lOft road house, ACROSS THE
<IPXU.t'UI/. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds; finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the prope-ty; satisfy yourself.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market si.
<Bil (\l\ft BBS' AURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE,
yJIUWu. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances: old-established trade; chance rarely of-
fered In lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
s>Clfk BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
fXpO\J. store: thriving location; living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
fflj 1 Of: CANDY STORE, NORTH OF MAR-
tjpi^"'. ket, etabiislied 22 years: rent $12: liv-
ing rooms; furniture included. M. LESS CO.,
783 V a Market st.
(&«»^A RESTAURANT; 3 LIVING ROOMS:
— O\J. rent $20: doing Al business: daily re-
ceipts $10. M. LESS & CO., 783 Market st.
<E»6.%A SALOON; THRIVING I.\Ti-.R.Oit
<IP OOU. town; opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rent; living rooms; receipts $10; daily ex-
penses $1; good stock. M. LESS CO., 783V-8
Market St. v
©CCA PARTNER WANTED IN FAMILY
»Jp I O\f . liquor-store; run successfully by
present o-vner for 'JO years: large outside route:
half cash: young man preferred: must have good
references. M. LESS & CO., 783V 2 Market st.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny su
CjQAA wood, coal, hay AND FEED;
<Ip OUU. does an express business; 4 horses:
wagons: owns buildings. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
ffijQAAA HOTEL OF 24 ROOMS, BAR,
«Jp*iUUU. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from san Francisco, clearing $150 per
month: rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain; satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
C»O = A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-SA-
«JpO«JU. loon, Polk st., clearing $75 per month; ■
owner In other business. HEALY, 23 Kearny sU j
(JjOrn WILL GET A HALF INTEREST IN
*F*uO\l my real estate business, CHAS. COL-
TON. 906 Market t.
&'fin ELEGANT DINING-ROOM; CEN-
<£)O\J\J. trnl:6o boarders; rent taken in board.
C'LTON. 906 Market st.
rpOBUY OR SELL A BUSINESS WITH DIS-
X patch see DEMING & CO., 737 Market st.
ESTAURANT ON MARKET ST $200
Saloon, north Market st ; 2,500
Lodging-house, 60 rooms 2,000
Hotel, three-story 12,500
DEMING <fc CO.. 737 Market St.
QJJl^rk PARTNER WANTE D— LIGHT, j
•ipJOU. genteel business, with rising young
man of good standing and reputation; no night or I
Sunday work; well established and will pay from !
$65 to $75 per month. see to-day GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Markets'. -
fflj IA A CASH FOR STEREOPTICON OR IL-
«JP 1 \>\' luminated advertising outfit complete;
fine assortment: over 200 slides, comic, etc. ; ad-
vertising business pays $200 to $500 per month.
Call 1402 Devisadero st.
FOR SALE AT A SACRIFICE— A SPLENDID-
X pa> ing restaurant between two carhouses; rent
only $17, living-rooms Included: owner retiring
from business. Apply at once 3279 Mission st.
(&JAA A BARGAIN FOR YOUNG MAN:
«Jp jtUU. fine route, Including horses and wagon;
average sales $50 per day; will stand fullest inves-
tigation. Apply 1402 Church St.
Qj-| Of MAN OR WOMAN TO JOIN IN PUR-
«JpX— O. chase of paying business; fixtures
worth $500, M., box 60, Call Office.
T\ESIRABLE CIGAR-STAND IN HEART OF
X) city; reasons for disposing, ill health. Address
F. D. 8., box 31, Call Office.
WANTED— A CHEAP LAUNDRY ROUTE. '
T» Address L. R., box 111, Call Office.
ANTED-"TO BUY A SMALL COFFEE-SA-
V l loon in good location. Address, stating pi ice,
etc.. C. > , box 4{. all Office.
RANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AND
tobacco, laundry office. 317 O'Farrell st.| .
WANTED— INDUSTRIOUS MAN AS PART-
" ncr to take charge and look after chopbouse
and restaurant; owner as the cook; $225 required;
$60 and board guaranteed. Apply J. MAYOR, 40
Clay st.
1?OB SALE — INSIDE EVENING PAPER !
x route; price moderate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore-
noon.
< I(|( \ '•^"rms BARGAIN; KESTAUR-
«Ir *!"»'. <»,•, —I! worth $1500; 959 Market
St. Apply X iJi V NYO, 38 Mission.
UOR H.\i7E-A r. ". i. CORNER SALOON, ELE-
X rani nr.ui rev billiards, etc; centrally located
near Market «ret-i: rent cheap. For particulars
address 1. M., ik>x 108, tall « nice.
PARTNER WXIH $25 IAI'HAL WANTED
■I- by lady of means, I'.oom 2. 12 Mason su
1/OR SALE— A FINE GROCERY AND BAR.
X Call at 1421 Harrison, bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
DART-NEK OK INFLUENCE IN BEST PAT-
X ent made. J. X., box 44 Call Office.
Qj^pA FOR SALE-NICKOLAS HOTEL,
fipO\J\J. corner San Bruno and Army sts.
T?OR SALE OR RENT-COUNTRY BUSINESS^
X house and lot in a nice little country town
For particulars address or call on the owner Win-
chester House, 44 Third st., city.
C CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; MUST BE
\J sold at once 011 account of leaving city- cull
and see It. 1044 Folsom st. '
I""^OR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST EQUIPPED I
X I centrally located wood, coal, hay and grain
stores in Oakland; corner 10.. Parties desiring to
buy please address A. 8., box 7, Call Office, Oak-
land.
<n»]CA RESTAURANT WORTH $500; I
IP 1 , o«« ?7. cr y lhln K Cms. Apply D - Mo " !
RaE. 829 -Mission st.
WANTED-PARTNER Ist A GOOD-PAYING
»» butcher business. Inquire at cor. Sixteenth
and Guerrero sts. •'
lUFTY-CHAIR RESTAURANT ON SIXTH ST.
for.s:UO; sacrifice. Columbia, 128 Fourth su
JUNE BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAN TO
Invest $6000. B. C, box 9, Call Office.
V'ERY.REASONABLK; ONE OF THE BEST
dye works iv the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca-
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
Tj'OH SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE-
X 37 fine furnished rooms: kitchen: dining-room;
fine bar; entrance to 2 streets; rent reasonable:
will be sold at a bargain : near ferry depou Ad-
dress F. P. P.. box 106, Call Office.
p ROCERY' AND SALOON-VERY CHEaP.
\J low rent. 249 Stevenson.
HA V ING~2 RKSI AURANTS— ONE CHE
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
OTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
boarding-house. C. 8., box 134, Call Office.
pROCKRY AND BAR; ESTABLISHED V 5
VJ years: fine bar trade; fine fixtures and cash
register; 4 living rooms: other business cause of
selling: offer wanted. 439 Grove su, cor Octavla.
£?"! i\f\C\ HALF INTEREST IN OLD EBTAB-
tiPXUUU. lished, well stocked, good paving
general store out of town; double value In sight;
trial given ; X partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
BUSINESS ClJAJ^l^^^i^'??*;
0 selF a business OF ANY KIND
quick for cash see STRAND & CO.. 917 Market
ffl»OT' GROCERY ANJ) BAR: OLDISTAB-
rP^ji'. lislied: rent only $10: No. 1 location;
pays well. STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
jminr SALOON, 4 ROOMS, PIANO. ETC.
tjj) I I 0 - STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st,
ftnnr COFFEE SALOON. PAYS WELL.
<jj>OZo. STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
fei OAA BUTCHER -SHOP: TRADE OK $56
rhlZl'U. to $60 a day; this place is well fitted
up and everything complete for the business; d
horses 1 wagon, 2 carts: great bargain; cheap at
$-JO(JO. SeeSTRANE A CO. 917 Market st.
FOR SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED FRUII
and poultry store: make offer. 1003 Howard
St., cor Sixth.
PARTNER WANTED— EITHER LADY OR
X gentleman; paving business; references. Ad-
dress A., box 181. Call Office.
1 ARGAIN IF SOLD TO-DAY: SALOON
' establisbed 20 years. See owner, 112."> Dupont.
QOKA RESTAURANT; ESTABLISHED 15
fjTOOU. years: run by present owner three and
a half years: receipts $20 per day; rent $22 50; 6
rooms connected if desired: selling on account of
sickness. Address S., box 89, Call Office.
PURCHASER DUCK AND POULTRY
X ranch; $750. T. F. CONKLIN, office Red Flag,
opposite Six-mile House, tan Bruno road.
RUGSTORE FOR SALE; A FINE CHANCE;
J-' owner has other business. Drugs, box 3, Call.
tjtOJi SALE— THE PAiENT RIGHTS OF A
X newly patented machine, called the Farmer's
Pride, consisting of an Improved harrow and roller
which also can be worked In connection with seed-
sower. Inquire at ANDREW KRUCCKELS,
1154 Washington st., Oakland.
T> ESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TR A DE: FOR
XXi sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business, of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st. '
T^NERGETIC MAN WANTED BY LADY AS
Xli partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122
Post st. .
1 ■'IRST-CLASS GOOD-PAYING BAKERY,
J cheap, on account of death. Call Office.
p ESTAURANT— GOOD LOCATION; GOOD
XV place for man and wife: cheap. Apply Call.
Q9t f\(\ FIRST-CLASS SALOON; LEASE;
«Jp^.Ov/V/. good trade: owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address C. H., box 139, Call Office.
WILL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange laud, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
A' NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P.. box 137. Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE. '
I'^O^^A^iG^AlNTlNnL^OrjGTNO^H^uiES^lEß"
1 STRAND <fc CO., 917 Market st.
I Q ROOMS; A REAL GOLD MINE; OLD-
XO established house; elegant new modern
furniture; new CBrp<-t: everything first-class;
cheap rent: owner retiring from business. DEM-
ING <fc CO., 737 Market St.
TP YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODO-
ing-house T. TO BUY OR SELL A LODQ-
lng-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
1 r-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
X O must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CA ROOM HOTEL; RENT $70: BUSINESS
OU location: $1600. DECKER. 1020 Market.
Qflfl SNAP: NEWLY FUR.SISHED
«IpOUV/. lodging-house 13 rooms; rent $32. 838
Mission st.
WO LODGING-HOUSES: 16 ROOMS: ONLY
$200; clear profit $40. 859 Mission st.
A '_) ROOMS; BEST-PAYINGHOUSE: CHEAP;
ttO easy terms. 1 15 Second st. -■:.:.." •
T ODGING-HOUSES BOUGHT, SOLD AND
XJ exchanged. PHELPS & CO., 917 I.arkln st.
00 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $575:
a-O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
9^<Tr^A>r?rE^src7SßT^^vi^^4T{6BMs-
£O~i arranged for lodgings or houskeepln«.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
OLur^OAic PARLOIt SUrF! GOOD~AS
new; % bedroom set: Brussels carpet; very
Cheap; no dealers. 541b Second st. : ..• r
TT<OR SALE— 7-ROOM FLAT COMPLETELY
X and newly furnished; rent $30. 125 Grove st.
V LOOR OILCLOTHS $ Ho
X Engli h Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oak 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IriißE sale"7 .:•
1 Prices stand till good* are completely lit-
posed of.
Oak bed sets..., , $IH 51
B:*d lounges 8 >J
Stoves 1 5J
Carpets, per yard -..— 55
Linoleum, per yard ... 55
Matting, per yard 11l
Till our new building Is erected these price* will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
ai. SE. corner beveutu and Mission bu. i.
NOON AN. .
A{\l\ >-Alil'ETS; CHAMUKR BETS, $lt;
rk\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets. $20: folding- bed *,
$10: Led- onnges. $7. T. I) MCCARTHY l!J4rh.
FUBNITUKK WANTED.
OD-HAND FUItNITURK FOR~COUNTRyT
& good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 60-1 C ALI-
. fornia st,. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
MALONE PAYS 'JO PER CENT MORIS
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth tsL
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURL), ill Larkln.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest prise.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURK.
. carpets, piano, liar, Market: tel. Jessie 761.
CARPET CLEANING.
"TONES' "go. carpet~- clleanYng^ajTo
v renovating works. Main oilico 95 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3&; LAYING, 3& ; HUU
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth St.
p HEAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
VX works: latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*T poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 411.
1 ON X LllvS CAli P fc/iTE EAT I N G WORKS. JJi
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
IT STEAM RPETCLK.YNINO.RENOVA-
Ung, 38 8:h. STEVENS, mgr. TeL Soath 35a
/CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATIiO
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth: teU
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. J4U
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDRES-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south -J2HL
HOUSES.
ILT^£lX^A^Pl7BirHrA^CTu3?r^^r^«
Geary st, July 2, 1 gray mare, buggy and
harness for board bill. C. R. MARTIN,
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
XJ of good . harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for It-ss money than you can buy Eastern,
trash : send for catalogue. 11 I McAllister St., S. F.
1 t /i stl'S i\KW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X«JU ness, all kinds: wagons, (juggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission s:.
"pfTwY SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND A l4-
O\J\J ues3: nil kinds; buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES >'UB SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
ti v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market. 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND t\>H LlßOU-
lur. The Mvde Ranch. 630 t'ommerclal su
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
Tj>Oß SALK, AT BASTKRH PRICES, FINE
X carriages of every desc iption; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
O LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome aU
\TEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
i.I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
STORAGE.
S'^TO^A^E^U^APEStTnTHE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
\ PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FORM.
A ture, etc SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
T A~RGEDRY basement with HYDRAU-
Jj lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
7p 11. ROONEY. "'.'-' MISSION— STORAGE AT
1 .redt.ced rates: basement storage. sl 50 per load
URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. fierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fj-p-nro"-' building: Kastern plan.
PHYSICIANS. ~
EMOVED— DR. CcTo 1 DON NELL TO 13)9
Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 year*
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL .
TYPEWRITERS.
T> EM INGTONTi36T SMITH j NEW. $60 ""henD
XV for sample work. SCOTT & BANNAN, 383
Montgomery st, -_^^ HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— S3S; warm BELT; mission
Nob Hill: cor. Liberty and Dolores sts. : band-
some Eastlake house; 10 large rooms and bath:
pertect order; large garden.
HOUSE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, AT 326
$>— V. Polk St.
9 15LEGANT HOUSE* ADJOINING: 8 ROOMS
-i each; rent reduced to $87 50, including water.
816-818 McAllister st.
00 I C JACKSON— ELEGANT, NEW, MOD-
♦JO 1 I em house of 9 room*, bath and finished
basement: marine view; rent reasonable. WILL
E. FISHER A CO.; 14 Post St. *
ELEGANT HOUSE; 9 ROOM3rB*TH; ALL
latest improvements; 2219 California, bet.
Buchanan and Webster. MADISON A BURKE.
PLKNDID 8-ROOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
-0 tieth St.. bet. Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent.
HOUSE— A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent hv BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
!>>>i 1 MODI--KN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
<IrO''. men: : lar c yard: slab p. 417 Rlriley st.
HK.VISHKI) HOUSES.
TO RENT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— WHOLE
or part of larpe furnished house in Santa Cms
Mountains; beautiful situation. Address H. GER-
ARD, *kyland P. v.,,W rights, Santa Clara Co.
mo RENT FOR _ OR 3 MONTHS— FURNISH-
-1 ed house in Alameda: firs: class with piano and
Biuble; terms reasonable to responsible parties.
F., box 7, Call Office.
6 -ROOM CORNER HOUSE. STABLE, LARGE
lot, $30. Apply Dentist, 10 Geary st.
SUNNY HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; NICELY FUR-
I shed; piano: *35. 1616 Grove 9t.. nr. Maker.
COTTAGES TO LET.
riOTT AGE, N E ARK Y^EW^S^rrOOMS^AND
\J bath, laundry : large stable. 828 Hampshire st.
Af\Q LAUREL ST., NR. CALIFORNIA— NEW
_:V/t/ modern cottage of rooms, bath and base-
ment. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post St.
70 LOTT— COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
I _1 garden in front; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
/"10TTAGE OF 8 HOuMS; BATH; GARDEN;
\J yard. 2824 Mission st.
"fl>7 A COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS: GOOD
<r I .OV order: water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant s;., near Kighth, or 14 Montgomery su,
U. H. UMBSEN A: CO.
FLATS TO LET.
'f^TQr^ST^^b^M^^N^^A^T_rFuS
1 \JXi7 nished or unfurnished; only ¥-0. Apply
en premises.
1619 c Post— Rear; 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
1318 Natoma— 4 rooms; ¥12.
T\EBIRABLE- SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern Improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Gough: rent, in-
cluding water, ,$42 50.
P. 99 SIXTH— 4 ROOMS, HALL, FOLDING
O__ doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced, $12:
also 5 room a, bath; large yard: rent reduced, $12.
■'LaT 6 ROOMS AND BATH; GOOD MARINE
view. 2104 Leavenworth St., cor. Filbert.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS; BATH; CHEAP.
SW. Seventeenth and Sanchez.
Q-\ C HYDE— BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
Oil) downtown flat; handsome mantels: large
closets: every room sunny; will rent cheap to per-
manent tenant. Apply BURNHAM «fc MARSH
COMPANY, 6-S8 Market st.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 5 LARGE
Xj rooms. 30V? Moss, off Howard, near Seventh.
3 ROOMS EACH: YARD; BASEMENT.
' 123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third st.
<J_ 1 U UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
tJ)Xt7. 524 Grove st. VONRHKIN&CO.
"1 Ql _ SACRASIISNTO- NICE FLAT OF 4
101 _ rooms and bath.
G_99 :,(| 135 ASH AYE.. OFF VAN NESS,
«IP— _..«JU. nr. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
C£l »> UPPER FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
«JP-LO. rooms. -728^ McAllister st.
EW FLAT, 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 6 REED
— st. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
090 ELLIS, NEAR POLK— NiCE SUNNY
o^.o middle flat; 6roomsand bath: $30.
9 FLATS: 6 1 OOMS AND BATH; ALL MUD-
-- crn improvements; rent cheap. 1501 Turk st.
FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
* water free. 629 Ivy aye.
UNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, 920 PINE, OPPO-
sue the- Bella Vista: 6 rooms and bath ; rent
$25; latest impiovements.
1 Q/J7 STKINEK. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
J-OU 1 flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
a> 1 Q 4 ROOMS, 20-7%_ MISSION ST. KEY
«IPaO. in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
1 P. JI EDDY— DK^IRABLE SUNNY cor-
JO l 1 nerfl-t; 6 rooms; latest improvements;
rent reasonable.
7Oi 1 McALLISTKR— FLAT 6 KOOMS AND
l_JU2baih: sunny side: rent reduced.
UNNY AT-;3 AND 4 KOO.MS; BATH;
garden: *1 3 and *16. 1706 Post st. , - -
Q>\ 4; MODKR.N UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
O 1 \) . and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
<_> 1 _"_ 4-HUOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
Cl". block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
«.i_/it aye.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
-0 tanes. from $6 to $20. SPEC- & CO., 602
Market st.
IM.AT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
"I UW X FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
J -i 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bain; large
yard: sun all day: rent $14; water fr^e.
1/ L_GANT NKW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
S-j low _r-, ant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
~*~ \VE_K : s NEWS for 6 CENTS— THK
-\ WF.EKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
California Street.
9(r_»l CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— O'J 1 nished rooms and bath for housekeeping,
Eddy Stree;,.
9Q EDDY— ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOR
_i/ light housekeeping; ciubroom or doctors.
Ql 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
t/X I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Eighth Street.
QA/f EIGHTH — DOUBLE SUNNY ROOM
OVJ _; for housekeeping.
i.ius Mreoi.
QOn ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
OO\J keeping rooms; in rear; $12; also single
rooms.
cad ELLIS— SUNNY front room, FUR-
OVJO nisbed complete for housekeeping: large
yard: tlO.
-Tilth Street.
991 FIFTH-NICE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
_— X kitchen, for housekeeping.
Ql A FIFTH— SUNNY FKONT BAY-WINDOW
Oil room and kitchen; also 2 other sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath: large yard; private; $10 up.
teary si eet.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
— 1 I % unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
i oisom Street. "'
7Q9 FOLSOM — NICE SUNNY SUIT FOR
lO_ light housekeeping: rent reasonabel. >■' >
Fulton Street.
1 1 n FULTON— TWO LARGE ROOMS FUR-
XXU nished for housekeeping, ¥10 month.
Howard Street.
11 A 9 HOWARD — FRONT SUNNY FUR-
X ltr_ nished housekeeping rooms; range, bath;
rent $12 50. .
IQI f: HOWARD— UNFURNISHED
XOXO rooms: light housekeeping; use bath and
laundry; no children.
1 a9Q HOWARD-UNFURNISHED FRONT
X\z_O room and kitchen, cheap; no children.
1 CZC\IA HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
1 DUD complete for light housekeeping.
Jessie Street. \
Arm JESSIE— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FURNIBH-
_: i D ed for housekeeping: also front room.
Jumna - 1 ree:.
/JQ7 MINNA— 2 LARGE" WELL FURNISHED
4«JJ housekeeping rooms; reduced.
i. -colon 'ii««..
CQO MISSION - 2 LARGE ROOMS AND
000 kitclien. well furnished: $12; also single.
QOCI MISSION-SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
KJL.O'j excluHive oath and porch; other rooms.
Q«_>7 — HOUSEKKKPING: ALSO
00 i tine front room for .$1 25 per week.
■I 999 MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS . UR-
.]_.._.— Dished complete for housekeeping.
-1 £1 A MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HOUSE-
It)ITt keeping; 3or 4 rooms: bath, yard, laun-
dry, basement. - _____
Ninth Street. ■ .'.
OA NINTH— FRONT SUITES: HOUBEKEEP-
_" ing; 2 to 4 rooms: stove; single; gas; also
232 Eighth st.
„ Octavia Street.
1 AAQ OCTAVIA. COB, GEARY-SUNNY;
X _:UO bay-window connecting; furnished.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA--
or 3 well-furnished housekeeping room*.
Seventh Street.
•iqp BKVKNTH- _ LARGE SUNNY FUR-
J»)O nisbed front housekeeping rooms; veranda
and yard.
Q9QI SEVENTH— 3UNFURNISH'D SUNNY
O— Oa rooms cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Sixth Street.
m CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
1 <-*X cozy housekeeping rooms and other rooms.
/WUMXI'H— BASK.Mc.N'I', 3 LARGE ROOMS,
~:_C/yard, $8; furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms.
Stockton Street.
OAn STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY, NEAR
— .VU the Emporium— 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
Third Stree:.
004 THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUBE-
-00 _: keeping rooms; water included; rent $6
and $7.
TurkMreeu
mTURK-EiEGANTLY FURNISHED
suites, single rms; light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
"I Of TWELFTH-2' FURNISHED OR UN-
-L«J~t furnished hou-'ekoepin* rooms: lower floor.
KOOMS TO LET.
Hugh Street.
1"I A 7 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
I .VJ I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
- . tidy Street. .
CQA EDDY— LARGE FURNISHED ROOMS;
cIOU large closets; ¥6 and $7.
m EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY, SINGLE ROOM
110 for gentlemen; ¥6.
Tin EDDY— THE BRIGHTEST. CLEANEST,
XXO cheapest rooms in the city; ¥6 up. .
i-igiith struct.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
—Ills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
lights in every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to ¥1 50: week, *2 to $8: month, $8 to $bO: fire
escapes; elevator on office floor- r'ms for families.
rPHK RAMON.*, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet hqtlse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator, hot A cold water.
OSEDALEf HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XL at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
Q»}O ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O__ CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
Q ELLIS — FURNISHED OR UN FUR-
ttXO nished: light housekeeping: single rms., $6.
COQ ELLIS — UNFURNISHED PA l: LOR
i»_O floor of 2. 8 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
i oisom Street. ' • .
(\AR FOLSOM— I LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
U'iU bay-window room: comfortably furnished;
running water; large garden and backyard: bath;
laundry; $12; also single rooms, $3, $5. __^
Fulton Street.
Li/i FULTON— ONE LARGE FURNISHED
XJ. room for lady or gentleman, $7 month.
l>earv M r*J« .
AOn GEARY— FRONT SUITE VA-
i ±jLVJ cant July 1: suitable for doctor, dentist or
others; reasonable: also other rooms.
Q/J1 GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED
Ov'l rooms; pleasant; reasonable; central; new
corner flat.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; ¥10 !
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness nve.
t uiuvn ti_re Aveuut.
C-| n GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
Ox U sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Howard Street.
1 1 4.9 HOWARD— ROOMS WITH BOARD,
XX*±— $15: also rooms by the night.
1 1 Qfl HOWARD~THREE. COMPLETE FUR-
-1 I OVJ nished housekeeping rooms in private
family.
1 On/ • HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH — 3
IOUU or 4 rooms: rent low.
lij-fio -reet.
OI A HYDE ST.— TWO -UNNY FURNISHED
— iv rooms; complete for housekeeping.
. bum • ,'i'O .
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
O/17 .'< .>>■ KS — 1 Jits. VAX \\ J.NKLK. NKW
—\J I management: elegant sonny suites and
tingle; newly furnished ; bain, etc.; SlO to SHU.
»-*-rny »treo..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEAP.NY-PLKA9-
J\ ant tunny rooms, en suite and single; cl__
VB • very respect : Lerms reasonable.
rE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. RENTAL
" and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
I. mi k 111 Stieei,
Qfil LARKIN — LARGE, SUNNY FRONT,
OV/"± furnished. $8 50: large bacK, ¥7: bousekpg.
lOH". LXRKIN — "CRAIOBOUR-S"; FUR-
-1 yj\J I nished sunny rooms: single: en suite; all
conveniences. . v .- '
)>kl'ki- ' . - «jo .
VOSKMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET -PER
1 night, '35c to $1; week. $1 50 10 ¥6: families.
______ Mree..
aan minna, cor. eighth— newly fur-
VjVj I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
i Hndi »l reel.
C9O O'FARRELL — NICE FRONT ROOM;
t)_.O private family; for gentleman ; good home:
reference. . •
Pine Street.
£1 1 PINE— SINGLE AND DOUBIE FUR-
UXX nished rooms, from $5 to $10 a month.
. 1 oweil Stree tl
99' POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE SUN-
__«.; ny corner room; nicely furnished.
tevenson Street. •
-: 1 7 STEVENSON— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
0 1 I well furnished: cheap rent.
rt9A STEVENS CHEAP SUNNY ROOMS;
U— \J single or double,
sutler Tree;.
Z\C\fi SUTTER, COR. POWELL— S UNNY
O\J\J front suite of 3 rms; furnished or unfurnd.
n^)C" SUTTER— SUNNY KRONT ROOMS;
I _ v) private; gentlemen; reference If required.
Taylor Street.
Ino TAYLOR— LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES
J U_ for doctor or dentist; also others; reasnable.
IAQ TAYLOR — LARGE PARLORS. $20;
XKJU large double rooms. $2 a week.
1 _Q TAYLOR— ELEGANT ALCOVE FRONT
X'i'J parlor, newly furnished; also single front
rooms.
Tenth Street.
1 9- tenth— large WELL-FURNISHED
_<_U room, gas, bath, $9: small one, $5.
1 urk street.
qnq turk-parlors, front or BACK,
OvO furnished; closets; gas: very cheap.
Willow Avenue.
79M WILLOW AYE., BET. BUCHANAN AND
I £i\J Webgter sts— 4 sunny rooms: ¥7 60.
A WEEK'S NEWS .FOR 5 CENTS — THi»
X— WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
r.o.\i;ii!M, AND BOOMS.
A HANDSOME FRONT ROOM; BAT_Thot
and cold water; gas; use private team; break-
fast; $12 month; references exchanged. 817V 3
Geary st.
Ql Ob GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
OXO rooms: suitable forcounple or 2 gentlemen.
C COLUMBIA HOTEL— D. BUCKLKY, FOK^
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone In his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.: meals 25c.
VTKAT BUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN
XI breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Mc-
Allister st.
n I 9 POST — FURNISHED ROOM; - USE OF
I 1 _. parlor and piano; good board: $20 up.
fTIHE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newl^ furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
>7Q>7 ELLIS— WELL FURNISHED 'FRONT
I O I bay-window room, with or without board.
OTKL'BERTLJNG, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; _U_iod-
wn conveniences. .
children boauded.
Lady^i'n country wishes^T^or^
small children or infant to board; good home;
reasonable. Apply at < all Office.
ANTED-SMALL CHILDREN TO BOARD;
" good home and mother's L care. Apply 1913
Magnolia st. , Oakland.
LADY WITH GIRL 16 WISHES 1 OR 2
children to hoard. 134 Collins st.
~~~ STOKES TO LET. .
LAR?nnJmtNTrß~7?ro!iE~v*^^
XJ rooms and basement; also 11 .a of 8 rooms and
bath. 4171£ Third st.
OF_JCE_ TO LET. "
I OFT TO LETT^I^r7>F^T^r^JPPLY^S"
J FOS i & Cq, 26 and 28 California at.
PRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKKT-
Elegant sunny offices. ¥12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply «t bulldlnz
or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL WANTED. ~~
WANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, A GOOD
country hotel; send particulars, etc. A. ZEL-
L£ll, 1607 Brush St., Oakland. {
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
BICYCLES. -
X^B^6~^^TG^G^tA^sE^^T^NlD^M^^B^
JlI cycle at a great bargain. IRA SORRICK, 14
Sansome street, room 37.
JWINFIELDPKAHSON, 216 McAllister.
• Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
ECOND-HAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30. Victor $10, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st. ■ ■ .
Qr NEW FALCON; HIGH"g~KAI>E: $45 AND
%JO $55 each; half price: few left. GJ-ORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS. $25 TO $65. HAM-
-L> ilton Cyciery, Baker su, near Hayes.
ICYCLKB FOR ¥20, «25, ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
I) ¥50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
I ''OR SALE^'96 BAMBLKR; WARWICK: IM-
X penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
303 Larkln st. '_
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, _o-
Alliater and Powell st. car lines. ' ..__ _
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
TfpßiGirf ENGINE~~T^HORSe"-
U power: buzz planing; -early new. J. W., box
9, Call Office.
ST. BERNARD (IMPORTED), SMOOTH
coat, for sale: $20. 13 Taylor st.
FOR SALE— NICE COUNTER AND SHOW-
case,;cbeap. 1911 Mission st.
LOOP-YACHT— ¥2OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
1548 Park st., Alameda.
6 -FOOT BY 3-FOOT 2-INCH BILLIARD TA-
ble; in good order: suitable for private use; very
cheap. Inquire 202 Flllmore st.
THRESH COW FOR SALK. INQTIBK FORTY-
X 1 fifth St., opposite Old Ladies' Home, Oakland.
—3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE A CKNTRlFU-
ga?pumpattached&6o-llghtdyuamo.sl6Mission
T,'UK SALK CHEAP — TEAM OF YOUNG
X 1 mules, harness and wagon; good roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland.
/COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121 1/2 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
BARGAIN* TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter __ 310 California.
OILERS, II AND MACHINERY,
waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
. uildings BOUGHT; LUMBER, »ash__
■ doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NX i-MALL MEDIUM AND _AROK Sl'__
tirt»and bnrgiar proof safe. 09. 11l Marks; v..
I, IRE AND BURGLAR SAFK, LET IK li-
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. >V. S. RAY MfgCo- 18 California sc
_-—_——
MEDICAL.
BLEbSING TO LADIES BUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their Bex: latest improved method of treatment;
never fulls ; perfectly harmless ; tree from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. A MRS.
PA V I l>, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. m and 7 to 9 p. m.
A DIES, CHICUESTKR'S ENGLISH PENNY-
royai PiUs (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable ; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," 1 11 letter by re-
turn mail: at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa.
A LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
-V. stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
INSTITUTE OF PNKUMATOPATH V FOR
X healing and instructions; 2729 Jackson M ,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods": the poor healed free.
DR. PEN A CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 tirant ay ■.
A NEWI'ROCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
-*»- mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female tioubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
RS. GOODWIN, DISK A KS OF WOMEN A
special y; unexcel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home In confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to &04 McAllister st.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell St.: only qualified specialist; $500
for case 1 fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
r>J-.CA~RD'!3 PILL."— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "Mne Baths." Kooms 3 and 4,
Mat-Donoush building, Oakland. '
RS. DX. WM iTKNhR TAKES LADIES BK-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
PRIVATE HO'Mti IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda. >
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALE DI-EASE
-I- see MRs.liK. PUETZ and be content. 264y 3 4th.
SVRE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB. DR. QWY-U, 226 Turk St.
1 R. Ha IX. J4 AlcALLIsi Kti. KTKBET, NKAK
J-'JJonp*. IMM-Hses of women and children.
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xv ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; ¥2 50 .xpress C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
AWEKK'If~NEWS~FOBT~S~CENTS — TOE
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rTmUSTEES^bALEr ~~
X In accordance with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by BARTOLOME de LUQUE
(sometimes ca'led de LUGUK) and OATH-
KRINA UK LUQUK (sometimes called UK
LUG UK), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded in the office of th? County Hecorder of the
County of Alamt-da, stare of California, In Liber
506 of Deeds, at pages 309 and following; and in
pursuance 01 a resolution passed on the 14th day
of May, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said
SAN F. A.NCISCo SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,914),
to secure payment 01 which the aforesaid deed of
trust was execu:ed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the prin ipal sum
and other sums due under note and deed of
trust, mid requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, 10 sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL, and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 17th day of July, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Dlngee, Nos. 400 and 462 Eighth
street, in the City of Oakland, County of Alameda,
rotate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate in thi.' City of Alameda, County of Alameda,
State of California, described as follows, to wit:
commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Sherman street dis.ant thereon fur y-eieht (48)
feet northerly from the northerly line of Buena
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along
said line of Sherman street fifty- two (62) feet;
thence at right angles westerly one hundred (100)
feet; thence at right angles southerly fifty-two
(52) feet, and thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet to the point of commence-
ment.
Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (11) and twelve (12) In Block E, as laid
down and delineated on the map entitled "Map of
144 Lots in Paze Tract, Alameda County," filed
February 26th, 1874. In the office of the County
Recorder of said County of Alftmeda: together
with the appurtenances.
1 i.iiMs of Salk — Cash in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signea on the fall of the Hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAM»'BKI-L, 1 __ .. :
THADDEUS B. KENT, / Tr °3tees.
TRUSTEES' SALE. ~ "
X In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADOKUS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part,
dated June 23d, 1890, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County or
Alameda, state of California, in Liber 407 01 Deeds,
at pages 189 and following: and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7lh day of May, 1896, by
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the bo der
of the note (No. 10,194}, to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
TH ADDKUs B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT,- Trustees, do hereby give no. ire that on :
FRIDAY, the 17ih day of July. A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of William J. Dingee, No. 460 and 462
Eighth street, in the City 01 Oakland, County 01
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of he United States, all the pieces or parcels
of land, situate in the Township of "Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described as follows, to wit:
Lots numbers twenty-one (21) and twenty-two
(22), in block number two (2), as laid down and
delineated on map entitled "Map No. 2 of the
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland Heights, Kesub-
dlvlded June, 1890, W. F. Boardman, C. E." filed
June 9.11, 1890, In the office of the County i.e-
corder of said County of Alameda, and .0 which
map and the record thereof special reference Is
hereby made for further or more panic de-
scription, together with the appurtenances.
Tkrms of sa_e— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts Of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, _„.._„.
THADDEUa B. KENT, ; Trus e8 -
, EDUCATIONAL. /"
TThTALD^BUSrNESS COLL_GE?^POS?~ST\
Jl Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical englpeerlns, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. ■
\JUSICIANFROMLONDON GIVES LESSONS
IVi in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
"PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
XT violin, guitar, mandolin, har.jo. 1707 Mar et.
MRS. MKLVILL.E SNYDER. 715 POST~"st7?
vocal music; piano; elocution lor parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specialty ;
vocal classes Monday 8 p.m.; ¥1 per month.
HORTHAND AND 'TYPEWRITING
school: terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis st.
"VfIGHTssCHQOL:HEALD'SBUS.COLLKGE:24
li Post:conimerclal, shorthand, English: low rates
"PIANO LESSONS, 50c HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye.
"OOOKKEhPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
IJ ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
Xttend stiehl's collegers MARKET
A. St. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
OOKKPNG. WKITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day Ant lit : nocla'ses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
GUll Alt MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
ijr lessons; $3 mo. MARY WKSTHaUS. 89 Fifth.
JOSEPH GRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER.~§2
O Ninth st.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIH AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
I<P_NIS_.FKENUH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
AY RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ijKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL 1 ACTING—
13 Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. .th and Mkc |
QCHOOL ELECTKICA_, CIVIL, MINING, MK-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architect
s?»av: * B tah. til. VAN DKR NAIL' 7tt«Mks.
PROPE-tTx TO _XCilA>lx_.
"cnT^ARGAINS^WII AT ' "d6" YOU~WANTT I
O\J\J 20 houses and lo's from $1250 .$lO,OOO 1
Residence property 12,000!
60 ranches, all sires, from $100 to 30,000 !
100 business plates, all kinds, from S5O to. 4,000
11. C. DECKKR, 10*0 Market su, opposite Fifth.
I f>Qf k ACRES HER LAND, KERN CO.;
I _H1 ' water: finefnr cacv-r-ls X..hx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY WANTED.
Ti^TN^^D^^oor>p^Yl^G^TN"vT^rMTEvr
II business property, between Market, Jones and
Geary sts., S. T.i mus pay 5 per centnet: outlay
¥40.000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 633
Hobar' st. Oakland.
! • MO.N-1 \O LOAN. ™~
MONEY LYINg/dIE; TAKE ATSVINTEK-
e»t per month for each $1000; same rate sec.
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call
VI ONEY ' IA»ANis.U ON JKW-.LKY AND
lii other valuables at the Security Loan Ofttca. !
110BMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk. ;
"I OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND*
i^mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal : any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3-8 Montgomery.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 21> or 3D MOKTUAOIi*:
A estates, undivided interests, real estate In Dro>
bats. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
I IRECT ON YOUlt FURNITURE OK PIANO:
U no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market sc
1 _ 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E.+
1 tales -.lowest rates: no RPHY.62H Mr let. j
» DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JE WELKY, _T0 j
£1 Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Gram aye.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
__. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STCIIK. »48 Market nt.; onen evnlnes
PAWNBROKERS.
"T^r~l2? KEARNY ~_£6o_ " 9-MONE i Y
x». loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prt-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap.
DENTISTS^
"LTLK^^C_iS^DtilNl?TsTK^: fTrIsT^CLAsS' \
i prices; first-das? results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 500 Suiter st., corner Powell.
1 R. DUCKET 1", 1703 Pol' >T., NEAR UU- I
1 / cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R. L. T. RAXZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
/ IKOUJIE DENTAL ASSOCIATION", 759 MAX- i
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists; only reli- j
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth. '
frm ¥5: fillings frm 81; extracting 50c, with gas $1. j
$n A SET FOR TJ'.ETII: WARRANTED A*
I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Thrater.
TjnT LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MAKKKT ST.. I
XJ near Eleventh; no charge. tor extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
l/'ULL. e>_i UP 1r.1.11., $7; WAKKANTKD
X live years. -PH. V. CAVaLSKY. -4 M-th St.
ET OF I_KTH WITHOUT „ l'__T_ UK. i_ '<
G." YOUNG; 1841 Polk st.
TTR GEORGE W. LKEK. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
«nd patentee of. Improved bridge work or teem ,
without any plate, moved from 6 to L'O o'Farrell it. i
TJAINLES3 EXTRACTION. 50c: crow:* [
X bridge work a specialty; plates, ¥5 up: 13»ean i
experience. . R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., b16»4 Geary.
COlf OS DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80li _AIV
I / -at at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1 MA RKKT. COR. GOLDEN
Oat* aye. —-Open evenings: Sunday* till noon.
Oakland ■rooms* and BOARDING.
Y'arg-^sun'nY bay-wind"6we"d fuTT
Ij nished room; 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 677 Eighth St., Oakland. ; I
AKiPOSA — MRS. liMMA JL" ,\fcAMS- \
Newly furnished or unfurnished rooms en j
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
1/iOUHTEEXTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Ca»tro st.
' . ... PROPOSALS.
T^R^OPOSALSFORFURNisuiNGHYDRXNTS
X for use of the Fire Department— Office of the
Board or Supervisors of the City and County of
San Francisco, June 23, 1896.
In accordance with Resolution No. 14.588 1
(Third Series) of the Board of Supervisors, bid*
will be received in open board on MONDAY
AFTERNOON, June 29, 1896, from 2:30 to 3 1
O'clock, to furnish 600 hydrants, more or less, for
use Of the Fire Department, as per pattern 10 be
seen at th» Corporation Yard of said Department. i
Said hydrants to bede Ivered from time to time as
required at the works of th manufacturer from dute !
of award of contract to June 30. 1897. All gates, I
bends and valves to be of San Francisco manu-
facture, and all hydrants manufactured and de- I
livered under the contract to be approved by the I
Chief Engineer of the -Fire Department prior to ;
their acceptance.
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a price per hy- I
drant for which they will de lver the same com- !
plete, wltn the understanding that the contractor !
must deliver such number of hydrants as required I
and culled for by said Chief Engineer, from time i
to time, without extra charge from the price bid,
payment therefore to be made on the reception I
and approval of the hydrants as furnished here-
under.
The party to whom a contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the ex-
ecution or the contract to pay the cost of adver-
tising this notice in three daily ne « spapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award- the board has resolved to receive no
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee and a certified check for the sum of ;
$500 deposited by the bidder with and made payable
to the Clerk of the board, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded, and If the
bidder shall fall or neglect, to pay the advertising
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award is
made, then and in hut case the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. a. RUSSELL. Cletk.
PROPOSALS FOR SUPPLIES FOR VKTr>
X runs' Home Association— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at Its office, room 13. 'MO Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day. June 27, 1896, and opened immediately there-
after in the presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Veterans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Yountville), tor the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending December
81, 1896. .
Schedules with information and Instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned.', Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless It is in accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per cent
of the amount of his bid, payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a g od and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. . " ■ .
By order of the Board of Directors.
_^ .... v J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR A CONCRETE BULK-
X head and bituminous yard work — propo-
sals I will be received 1 by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board of
Education,-, new: Ci.y Hull, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. _
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School in accordance with plans and
specification* (and the con Itions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Marker, streets. I The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE BEAN STON. Secretary.
SEWING MACHINES^
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLdT-XCHaNGEdT
xV. remea, repaired; lowest rate*. 205 Fourth «w
CITY REAL ESTATE. 1
McAJfEE BKOTHBMS, ■ V":
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
J - • V AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION. PROPERTY.
©Cfinn SUTTER ST., EAST OF SCOTT:
•rOUUI'. 27:6x62:6;. 2 stories: store and 2
rooms below; flat of 5 rooms and bath above; small
stable: all substantially built and in good order;
rents $540; another flat and more rooms could be
added. ■ ,-.?-■.
CHEAP BLOCK NEAR THE PARK.
<J£9n f»nn A BLOCK BET. TURK ST. and
tip Z.\l.\J\J\J. Golden Gate aye., near Golden
Gate Park, with marine view; would cut up into
lots; this is a very cheap property.
• CENTRAL BUSINESS PROPERTY.
QOA f\f\(\ ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES, 38
*S)Zj\J.\J\J\J. xl2O to rear street, giving two
frontages: former price $30,000; this is a coming
business block and this lot one of the best in it;
present improvements consist of a large residence.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
<S>-\(> f\(\(\ HOWARD ST., BUSINESS
»]pIO.UUVJ. property near 4- h; four stories,
store and three flats; rents $1560 per annum; this
part of the city holds its own equal to any. and
this property is in the heart of it; lot 25x80; build-
ing und street work all in good condition.
TO EXCHANGE FOR OAKLAND PROPERTY.
<J_onnn NORTHEAST CORNER ON SAN-
*JP»)UUI7. chez St., near 24th st., 86x76; street
work dona: lot on grade; would sell in subdi-
visions. '
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
<_■ - £.rv 70x70 FEET; SW. COR. LIZZIE ST.
tJp»;«JU. and Prospect aye.
$350-25x120; 18th aye., bet. A and B sts.;
Richmond District.
$1600— Price reduced: 53:4x114; north side of
26th st., 320 west of Church.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 607 California st.
fl_l (\(\ i\(\f\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
ijpi. UU.VUVJ Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in i rob.it*. small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <fc CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
________ __________
AL HORIOKr] LOUIS A. BOUC.
T A. SOUC <fc CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
495 AND 467- VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once. ' ' " -.*■'• --■ <*. ■•'■■
<Tj>Cjr/\A 25x90; MISSION ST.. NR. 20TH;
<JpclOUl/. house of 8 rooms and bath; could al
small cost be converted into Al business property;
the lot 13 worth more money.
41: !^Zy(\(\ 30x114; HERE IS A CHANCE TO
(IT «J«.)UU. secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission; bay-window house: 8 rooms;
bath; laundry.
CM' (Wll'l 25x90; 17THST., NR. VALENCIA;
ilpOl/UU. modern bay-window flats; 6 and 6
rooms; bath; laundry; street work all done; Al
order.
d_v7i^n 25x114; DUNCAN ST., NR. GUER-
«_>—. I cl". rero; 2 new cottages; 5 rooms: bath;
laundry ; 7-foot basement: all the latest improve-
ments: terms made to suit purchaser.
(_^".nn 2/xllO; OUERUERO ST.. NEAR
«IpOc)wU. 18th: elegant home; bay-window
house; 9 rooms, bath, conservatory, saloon par-
lors; good value $6500.
©•I'lifk GUERRERO ST.; WARM BELT;
tjf)iiO\Jyj. 2-story house; 8 rooms; bath; large
basement; brick foundation; house in perfect
order.
<_'-{^flfl 27x122; CAPP ST., NEAR 19TH;
»JpO«JUv/. 2-story house; 8 rooms and bath;
street bltumimzed; all in Al order.
(jjQRAII 25TH, NEAR FOLSOM; MODf RN
t£!Oo\Jyr. bay-window flats; * and 5 rooms,
bath and laundry: nearly new; good buy.
(&9-A/1 26x125; CHATTANOOGA ST.,
i]p_«JUV/. near 22d: coz-' cottage,. 5 rooms;
bait; perfect order; fine crarden.
(_QOftn SAN CAULOS AYE., NEAR 19TH;
<JpOUU". 2-story house, 6 rooms; bath; street,
work all done and accepted.
<2_f)ft^fk 2ftxBo: LEXINGTON AYE.. NEAR
•?_L)t>\J. 19th; 'i flats, 4 ar d 6 rooms- bath;
rent $28: street work all done and accented.
Our list comprises some of the bet: property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission ; call and get a list and price.-..
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOI C A CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.,
hear Sixteenth.
SOL GETZ A BRO., '■
REAL-ESTATE OWNERSj
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT 3.
•VTEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
J-i for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.' . . '. ■
(517- TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
»?'•-' boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BRO.
ynn 94U0, #450, $500 TO $1100 —
(JVJUU. Choicest lots In Richmond: near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; read y to
build on; terms to suit puichasers. SOL GETZ _
BKO.
CO An TO $250-BUILDIN« LOTS, NEAR
(lp.Lv/v/ Mlsslon-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A KRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL OETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
PLACE YOUR ORDER WITH US FOR A
i house and lot; we can arrange to have a house
built containing four rooms and sell the sa •: c with
a desirable lot for $1000 and up, according to lo-
cation, etc.; a reasonable cash payment required;
balance monthly.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
OWNER MUST LEAVE CITY; WILI, SELL
V' great sacrifice for cash; SW. cor. Folsom and
21st sts., 9>x9o ft.
SOUTHWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
110 ft.
ALSO 50x100 FT. N SIDE PAG ST., 37 FT.
from Shrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. ■
NLY ¥500 CASH, BALANCE AS KB.VT, IF
desired; new and very handsomely decorated
and finished residence, near panhandle; unob-
structed marine view, and overlooking the park;
every room sunny; strictly modern. Apply at
2203 Ful on su; take Hayes or McAlllster-sU cars
to the park.
q_t)ll)'n COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
»]?— l ''»/. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery sL
ujjst.vntial, modern house BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
CHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
rooms: bath: finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St.. nr. Stanyan, 1/2 block G. Gate Paric.
J&TAA 21ST AND DOUGLASS: LOT 25x
»> I \J\J. 1-5. all a 865 Mlswl'>n, WAT-ON.
COUNTRY REAL estate.
1 A ACRES— LO3 GATOS, JUST OUTSIDE
X\J city limits, east 1 milefrom I'ostoffice; most-
ly in French prunes; half In bearing; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over 100 varieties of fruit,
and abundance of berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furnished home, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, storeroom, windmill, barn, carriage-
bouse, good family horse, buggy, 2-seated surrey
and new phaeton, chickens, chicken-house and
all farming utensils; place in very finest order;
possession given immediately. Address box 361,
Los Gatos, Cal. ■ , • •.
C-/innn 240 acres on MAIN COUNTY
tlp^tUUU. road in Pleasant Valley: home of 11
rooms: large barn; plenty of wat;»rand wood; 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange for house
and lot in Oakland.
JVQ7CA ONE OF THE FINEST 10-ACRE
tITO I Ov. tracts in the state, located 11,4 miles
from Mountain View, Santa Clara County: all set
out to fruits now full bearing; ' common house;
good barn, windmill tank, and tankhouse: crop this
year will pay $700; $1000 cash, balance long time.
1n A ACRES OF FINE FRUIT AND GRAIN
11)1/ laud 3 miles from railroad: Placer County ;
80 acres under cultivation: all fenced; common
house; good barn: plenty of water; on 20 acres of
this land there are splendid pruspec of a gravel
claim which will pay largely; owner wants house
and lot in Oakland, Alameda or San Francisco;
price $5000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fe CO..
Room 29, second flloor Mills building, San Fran-
cisco.
f^OR IMMEDIATE SALE— OF THE IN-
esl school sections in Northern California at 83
per acre; $6 refused only 2 years ago; clear title;
taxes all paid to date. Address school, box 27,
Call Office.
ITTLB HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every. Monday at 632 Market s- , 3. F.
OG, DAIHY AND WOOD RANCH <>F 160
acres. United States patent, and 160 acres
bonestead abandonment; more than 100 "acres
tillable: 1000 cords firewood; 3 large springs: 2
miles from town;, lovely situation; ¥1000; half
cash. D. H TWING, sonoma City, Cal.
TiFULHOME; 175 ACREB FOR SALE
*> at . a sacrifice: land is situated In Monterey
County overlooking the bey of Monterey; fine im-
provements, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vllle, Monterey County, Cal. .
END LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOV'EE,
TOY & SONNTAG, 19 Montgomery st., for
maps and full information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; . unequaled in Cali-
fornia. '
\Y ANTED— TO~LEAJ3B, SMALL RANCH FOR
»» chicken-raising in the vicinity of San Fran.
Cisco Bay. Address, stating rent and full particu-
lars, L, D., Box 23, Call Office.
COUNTRY BEAL ESTATE-Continued.
AN'*rATiJoTruirsTLirrspT~^
O try residence and 3 acres of land ; house has all
modern Improvements; grounds nicely Improved-
with ornamental trees, flower*, etc.; also outhouses
in all kinds; this Is one of the most desirable places
ofSanMa'.eo and can be secured at a bargain
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell sts.
JfRUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRK TRACTS.
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by the year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
\ LAMBDA i OI'NTY FRUIT LAND.
• » choicest In the state: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining iaads held at $100
per acre; owner forced to -11: 1V«. hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building
ARIN COUNTY— BOOO ACRES 36 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to #75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. .
"I^OR HOMES iN LOS G VI OS OR ORCHARDS
J? in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. ;
E.VDKOKOUR I. IST OF DRCHAKII ill) 1 K.S
tor nal». WIMWTKK A- vv ii- .v . > t ,-i ..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— qOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND . REAL ESTATE.
\f UST BE SOLDCHKAP; NOW IS THETIME;
lX Fruitvale. lVj acres land, full-grown orchard;
good house and outbuildings: spring water: just
the place for poultry: see owner on pl&c?, June
sfB or after. C. B. RENO, Dimond, Alameda Co.,
CaL •■ ,-^.^' ; ;.
OAKLANK AND FRUITVALE PROPERTY
for sale or exchange: furnished houses to let.
E. HILL. 34 Donohoe building, S. F.
'J7x75 FEET. ON FRANKLIN ST.. WITH
*J • Improvements; business corner; must be sold
to close an estate: the chance of a lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. Oak and. ■
OAKLAND FIATS TO LET.
ffljl Q ; L^TSrNO
<iP-l<J. dark or inside rooms; stove in Kitchen;
dumbwaiter; water and ush-man free; central:
near Adeline station: apply at once. ' A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET\
UNNY FU RNI^HED^P A WITH
piano; sinale rooms, at 522 Tenth St., Oak-
land. ■ ' ■ ■ ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
(J_ DC FUK.MTUKK 4 Ito OMB. H. &Th_X_T
<lfiCVj. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st . Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISE MEN [a
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA IIKAL ESTATE.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cat., telephone _
f _00— $-26 cash, ?20 monthly: 37:6 frontage:
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$26 cash, $22 BO monthly: 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
¥2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
S3OOO-Nocash: $25 monthly: 87:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
Several special bargains In lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
<stl 1 l\(\ LOT 00x190: BTRKET WORK ALL
<jpj.lUV/. done: beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13- room house to
rent unfurnished; ii nest location In Alameda, cor.
I Central aye. and Beaton st. T. F. BAIKD, 1303
I Park st- ■
Cl^fldn BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
djpUUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
I beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one block west of Park st. ; it will surely please
you: investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth SU Oakland.
AHGAIN— SI3SO; BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
6 RENT— NEW "COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements: lav . flowers. 1430
Ninth st., bet. Mastick and Endnal Station, Ala-
n:e<la.
1 —
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
3Tfo^f~NTcK~slfNNY RT^Kr^nT^E^V^OT*-
tai<e; furnished for housekeeping: near both
; trains: Alanu-dii. P.. box 2. Ca '. Ulllce, Oakland.
__HK_L_lf K_AL J-.sTATE.
I JOSEPH J. mason, real estate and
1 0 insurance agent, .Berkeley station, adjoining
j bank.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OK FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and biiildinc. .2123 Center St.. B«-rk««lev.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
ij^Oß R^NT^CHOICESTT LOcXtION^ IN"
' Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant, long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
Additional Classified Advertise •
. merits on Page 13. ■
MARRIAIiE UV-NB-li
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
Robert Penny and Martha H. Coachman, 26—26.
Walter E. Irving and Annie Hlnrich, 21—19.
R. R. Wallace and Jeanette Harper. 42— 26.
G. W. Mertes and Ellarose M. Sylvester. 28—28.
John D. 1 earned and Lillian J. Damon, 22—21.
William Westphal and Ella Suechting, 23—19.
I). W. Friache and Catharina -chnefer. '28—20.
iliß'i US— aiBBIA-ES— DEAim "
BOli.V. •
DUO AX— ln this city, June 22, 1896, to the wife of
William F. Dugan.ason.
GEOROK— Jnne 12, 1896, totne wife of W. H.
George, a daughter.
! MILLER— In this city, June 21, 1896, to the wife
[ of James Miller, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, June 22, 1896, to the wife of
O. F. Olsen, a daughter.
O'MEARA— June 23, 1896, to the wife of Timothy
O'Mesrn. a daughter. '
MARRIED.
BERN<TKIN-OFPENHEIMER— In this city,
June 21. 1896, by th 9 Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Isaac
W. Bernstein and Nona Oppenheimer.
HENNICKE— ZIEGENFI'SS— In this city. June
20, 189ti. at the Church of the Holy Spirit, by
the Rev. Oliver C. Miller, Otto F. Hennlcice and
and Emma,Zieg«nfuss.
IRVIXG-HINRICHS-In this city, June .24,
1896, by Justice of the Peace Frank J. Kerrigan,
Walter E. Irving and Annie Hinrichs.
MENSOR-COLEMAN-In this city. June 14,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Albert Mensor
' and Hattl* E. Co eman.
BEAGRAVE— In this city, June 17,
1896, by the Rev. George Gibson, John C. Sea-
grave of San Francisco and Susie C. Phillips of
Napa. ■ '
___ ___
DIED.
Ackerman. Benjamin J. McKown. Patrick J.
Borden, Mrs. Cora L. McMillan, Angus E. .
Burbank, Appiiie K. Nelson. Andrew
Callaghan, Mrs. Ann ' O'Grady, John
Dever. Rose . Rnssell. Patrick
Fletcher, Alfred H. Seguine. Frank J.
G ;z Joseph Silversteln, Ernestine
Griffin, Dennis smith, C. W.
Goggln, John Btuiz, George
Herold. Marie L. Waas. Albert 11.
Hincelot. Ferdinand Walsh, James
Mongol. Philip Waterman, Moses
Mcllenry, Jane Wiswell, Sarah P. .
ACKERMAN-In Oakland, June 23, 1896, Benja-
min J. Ackerman. a native of New Hampshire,
aged 69 years 10 months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
BORDEN-In this city. June 23, 1«98. Mrs. Cora
Lincoln Borden, a native of New Bedford, Mass.,
aged 30 years.
• - t&~ Friends and members of Gettysburg and
Seven Pints Circle. L. of G. A. 1.., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock v. it., at
the parlors of Halsted _ Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.,
BURBANK— in this city, June 24, 1896, Apphle
R. Burbank, a native o' South Paris, Me., aged
70 years, 8 months and 12 days. . -
' Friend « and acquaintances are resoeev
fully invited to attend the funeral SATURDAY,
June 27, at 1 o'clock m., from her late resi-
. deuce, Tomales, Marin County, Cal.
CALLAGHAN — An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
. the late Mrs. Ann Callaghan at Holy Cross
Church THIS DAY (Thursday), at « o'clock
1 a. m. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. - •
DEVER— In this city. June 23, 1596. Rosa Dever,
relict of the late James - Dever, and beloved
mother of John, Michael and the late A. J.
Dever. a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged
75 years.
tGS' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend cue funeral Tills DAY
. (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late resi-
dence 75 Converse street (rear;, off Bryant, bet.
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church ,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In Oakland, June 23. 1896. Alfred
Hobdell, beloved son of W. c. and Mary Fletcher,
and brother of Mrs. William Roberts of Benicia
and May, Emily ana W. C. Fletcher Jr., a native
•of New York, aged 27 years 3 months and 19
days.
Friends and acquaintance* are respec'/-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 O'clock P. M., from the rest-
dence the parents. 1623 Taylor street, Oakland.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
GETZ-In this city, June 24. 1896, Joseph, beloved
husha-'d of Hannah Getz and father of Mrs."
Rube Cohen, Harry and Mose Ge:z, aged 60 years
i n I ID months. ■ •
BSW No lei of fnneral hereafter.
GOGGIN— In Angels Camp, Calaveras County,
June. 23, 1896, John Goggin, uncle of John and
Cornelius Manning, a native of Macroom, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 43 years.
JS3~Friendi and acquaintance* are redact-
fully Invited to nttend -.he funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St- Br-ndan's Church, I-remont and
Harrison streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
F. of A. — The officers and members of Court Inter
Nos No. 18, F. or a., are requested to assemble
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 8:30 a. m., at the par-
lors of J. C. "'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, John Goggin.
J. B. FLEMING, C. R.
P. F. McCarthy, Rec. Sec.
GRIFFIN— In this city, June 24,1896. D nnis,
beloved husband of Margaret (<rillin, father of
Eileen Griffin and brother of Mr*. Marget Grif-
fin, Kllen. James and John Griffin, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 29 years, fllo.-
.' yoke (Mass.) papers please copy.]
US" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fi'''v invited to attend the fOneral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission st,,
thence to St. Joseph's c.iurch for services. In-
terment in Holy Cross Cemetery.
HKROLK— In this city. June 23,1896. Marie I*,
beloved wife of Louis Herold, and daughter of
Mr. and .Mrs. J. B. Fevergeon. and sisierof
Fran.. Louise and Maxinle Feverseon, a native
of France, aged 33 years and 6 months.
OTFriends and acquaintance* are respec*.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thnrsdar). at 8:30 >. M., from her late resi-
dence, SSI/a Clara . street, thence to French
Church o Notre Damertes Victolres, street,
between Grant avenue and S.ockton street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HINCELOT— In Shanghai, China, June 22. 1896,
(suddenly) Ferdinand, beloved husband of Anita
M. Hincelot. formerly of San i ranclsco, ana only
son of August and Adelie Hlncelot.
MENGEL-rnthlscltv. June 23, 1896, Philip,
' beloved husband of Savilia Meneel. and father of
Mrs. L. F. Salb.ich of S.ockton, Cal.. and the late
Clara Menge.l. a native of Germany, aged 55
years 11 months and 18 days. [Stockton (Cal.)
papers please copy.J
JO*Frlenas ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock P. _.. from his late
residence, 1327 Stevenson street, between Her-
mann and Ridley. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.- • ■ ■ . ' • .
McIIENRY— In this city, June 23, 1893. Jane,
beloved daughter of Daniel and the late Jane
Henry, and sister of Mary McHenry, a native
01' san Francisco, aired 12 years and 4 months.
Friends and acquaintance* ar# rsinecs-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lon of James McMenomey <& son. 1057 Mission
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKOWN— In tins city, June 23, 1896. Patrick X,
beloved husband of Catherine McKown, a na-
tive of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 38 years.
aW Friends and acquaintance* »rf> .reitjeT.-
fully invited to a tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _•.. from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros , 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Cburch, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
01 his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
MCMILLAN— In this city, June 23, 1893. aflera
long and painful illness, which he bora with
Christian patience and fortitude; he lived an
honest ;-.nd upncht life, and died deservedly re-
gretted by all who knew him, Angus E. McMil-
lan, a native of Prince Edwards Island, aged 70
years.
*3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from St. Domin-
ic's Church, Steiner and Bush streets, where a
solemn reg 1 iem miss will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at the above
hour. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NELSON— In this city, June 22, 1896, Andrew
son, beloved husband of Amelia Nelson, a na-
tive of Norway, egea 33 years 2 months and 17
days.
O'GRADY— In this city, June 23, 1896. John
O'Grady, a native of Tlpperary. Ireland, aged 70
years.
S9~Friends and acquaintances are reject-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 128
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RUSSEIjL— In this city, June 22, 1896, Patrick,
beloved husband of Norah Russell, and father of
Mary, Patrick and Norah Knssell, and brother of
Bartholomew Russell, a native of the parish of
Farnevayne, County Cork, Ireland, aged 51
years. *
*3*Frfends .and acquaintance* are resn«»B-..
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
, (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
h a late residence, 44 Gilbert street, thence 10
St. Hose's Church, where a solemn requiem,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h>3
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SEHUINE— In this city. June 23, 1896, Frank J..
beloved son of Harry and Mamie Seguine, nee
Miskeli, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 3 months. WfcilSl ■ - . .
Friend i and acquaintance* ar» resaeo--
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1216 Folsom street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ . "
SILVERSTEIN— In this city. June 22. 1896,
Ernestine Silverstein, a native of Germany, aged
60 year*.
19* Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter A Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
SMITH-In this city, June 22, 1896. C. W. Smith,
beloved husband of Mary A. Smith, and tatner
of Mrs. D. Jutton, Mrs. Henry Blytb, Charles
W. Jr., George T. and William H. Smith, a na-
tive of New York.
Or Friends and acquaintances are respec:-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Kin? Solo-
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple. Funeral under
the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
K. OF H.-Union Lodge No. 1895, Knights of
Honor: The officers and members of Union
Lodge No. 1895, K. of H.. are hereby requested,
to attend the funeral of our late brother, C. W.
Smith, at Masonic Temple THIS DAY (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE WALCOM, Dictator.
Chablbs G. ScHA_i__, Reporter.
STUTZ— In this city, June 23, 1896, George Stutz,
a native of Germany, aged 88 years. A member
' of Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association.
*3- Friends anl acquaintance* ar» re*o9J*.-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
iThursdav). at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
' lore of Godeau ALI an, 326-328 Montgomery
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
M. E. B. A.-Members of M. E. B. A. No. 36 pleasi
assemble THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1 o'clock
v _ to attend the funeral of our late brother,
oVor-e stutz. GEO. B. KINGsLAND, Pres.
William Wabis, Secretary.
WAAS— In this city, June 25, 1896. Albert H.,
beloved husband of Mary Wans, and father of
Cnarlotte. Henry and Alice Waas, and son of
Henry and the late Charlotte aas. and brother
of Louis Waas, a native of san Francisco, aged
33 years 2 months and 19 days.
_T Friends and acquaintances are respeo*-
follv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 348 Waller street (rear). Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, June 24, 1896. entered into
rest James, only beloved son of Mary and the
late Thomas Walsh and brother of Nelly Walsh,
a native of Brooklyn. N. Y.
«_-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock a. _ from his late
residence, 136 Eighth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9— _ Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WATERMAN— In this ctty, Jnne 23, 1893. Moses,
beloved husband of Ulna Waterman, father of
Mrs. a. stein, Sam and Leonard Wat-rman, ana
brother of Mrs. K. L. Goldstein. Mrs. Yetta Uhl-
felder, Mrs. Fanny Roseufeld and Louis Water-
man, a native of Germany, aged 63 years and 2
months. f New York papers please copy.J
tGT Friends ana acquaintance* are rßioaT'.-
-fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock a. M.. from his lata
res aence, 1123 Lattuna street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
CONGREGATION OHABAISHALOME— The of-
ficers and members of the Congregation Oli_bal
Shalome are notified to attend the funeral of Ctfr
late secretary. Moks Waterman, THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:15 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1123 Lazuna street. interment Home of
Peace by 11:30 a. _ train from Third and
Townsend streets.
WISWfcLL— In this city, June 24, 1896, Sarah P.
Wiswell, mother of J. A. and E. S. Wiswell,
a native of Maine, aged 75 years 7 months and
18 days. Maine papers please copy.J
X9~Friends and acquaintance! ar» r»niT-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from the chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street.
f WICAVOY & CALL/CHER, I
FUNRRAL DIBKCTORS & EMBAIHKBS,
20 Fifth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. ...
IJas. McMenomky. . Chas. McMknomky.
JAMES MCiVrENO3II3Y St SON,
CNDERTAKKU* AND KJIIIALJIKUS,
. 1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
-I Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations. San Mareo County: nearest cemetery to
the city ; non-sectarian. In' no sense kxclusivk;
perfect TITLE ' suiBASTZEO; location unez-
celled.
Please call at office, 997 Market St., before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
1516
TWO STARTLING REVELATIONS IN THE CRAVEN-FAIR LITIGATION
Part of the Mystery of
the Deeds Cleared
Away.
WHY HELD IN SECRET
Their Recording Designed as a
Checkmate by Mrs. Craven's
Attorneys.
WERE IN FEAR OF TREACHERY
Details of the Compact Between the
Fair Children and the School
Principal.
Why did Mrs. Nettie R. Craven place on
record at this particular time the two deeds
to $1,250,000 worth of property formerly
owned by Senator James Q. Fairf
In the answer to this lies a story as ro
mantic and sensational as anything ever
evolved from brain of poet or writer of
fiction.
This is one of the questions that has
been repeatedly asked since that eventful
day last week when the documents were
so cautiously, mysteriously and unexpect
edly made known to the world at large.
Up to now this apparently simple, in
significant and inoffensive interrogatory
has remained unanswered.
On the part of Mrs. Craven and her at
torneys the replies have persistently been
of an evasive character.
On the part of the attorneys of the Fair
children, who are now all arrayed against
Mrs. Craven, Marc Levingston and the
pencil will of September 24, 1894, it has
been charged that Mrs. Craven's legal rep
resentatives had tbe papers recorded at
this time because of the illness or absence
of most of the attorneys of the heirs from
the City. This gauzy explanation, how
ever, carried little weight with the know
ing ones, as they knew no advantage could
accrue from such % move, even were every
one of the legatees' counsel away or in
capacitated.
Tnis is the true explanation: The Fair
children, through their attorneys, were
endeavoring to give Mrs. Craven the
"doubl-ecross." Such is the charge made
by an intimate of that lady. And Mrs.
Craven filed those deeds as a checkmate.
ilrs. Craven's entrance into the great
Fair will drama dates from the sensational
introduction into that realistic play of
what is known as the pencil will, of which
she declared she had been made custodian.
That instrument bore date of September
24, 1894, having been executed apparently
three days later than the so-called trust
will, which bore date of September 21, 1894.
At the time tbe pencil will was produced
it was eagerly welcomed by Charles L. Fair,
Mrs. Oelrichs acti Miss Virginia Fair, and
its validity ana genuineness loudly pro
claimed by them and their attorneys. The
trust deed was objectionable owing to the
trust clause, which placed the estate and
all its properties under the control of the
executors, leaving only the income at the
free and unrestricted disposal of the heirs.
When Mrs. Craven produced the will it
is stated that she also informed the Fair
children, of course through their attor
neys, of deeds to certain of Fair's real
estate and other valuable documents that
were in her possesion. The heirs were at
that time more concerned about the will
than any other matter, and Mrs. Craven
was finally induced to maKe the journey
to New York herself and bring back tbe
pencil will which she had sent East, as
she stated, for better security.
During Mrs. Craven's absence, so the
story goes, there was a conference be
tween Stephen Roberts, the confidential
business adviser of Mrs. Craven, and
George R. Williams, her attorney, on one
side and all the attorneys representing
the three Fair children on the other. It
was at this meeting that what is being re
ferred to as the Dey contract was agreed
upon and consummated.
This document bears date of March 15,
1895. It is a unique paper and throws a
strong light on recent developments. It
was drawn in the office of Reuben H.
Lloyd. By mutual consent at this meet
ing Richard V. Dey, the executor and ad
ministrator of the estate of Mrs. Theresa
Fair, is made judge, jury and arbitrator of
the interests at issue between Mrs. Craven
and the Fair children.
In the same document Mr. Dey is au
thorized by the Fair children to pay Mrs.
Craven a sum not exceeding $500,000 on
condition that the pencil will is admitted
to probate and that she agrees to sign a
quitclaim to any and all property of the
Fair estate, wherever located and of what
ever character. So broad is the latter
stipulation that it would, so it is claimed,
cover any right* to property which might
accrue to Mrs. Craven by reason of her
proving to be the widow of the deceased
millionaire, either by marriage contract or
otherwise, for while none of the parties
interested have admitted the existence of
a marriage contract, it is admitted that the
Fair children greatly feared that such a
document might be produced.
The value of Mrs. Craven's claims and
the amount to be paid in settlement of
them was left entirely to the judgment
and generosity of Mr. Dey. in whom all
parties had and still have the fullest con
fidence.
No copies were made of this instrument,
as it was desired by everyone interested to
maintain the strictest secrecy regarding
NEW XOIDAT
For Children's Skin
ocalp, and hair, nothing in the whole world is 80
cleaniing, purifying, and beautifying as
CUTICURA
SOAP
rest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and mir«ery.
For distressing facixl eruption*, irritations of
the ecalp, dry, thin, and falling hair, red, rough
bunds, dialing, inflammations, and simple baby
rashes and blemishes, it ie wonderful. ,:
PolJ throughout the world. File greater than th« com-
bined iiln of ail other ikin toapi. 1 POTTr.u Ditto ash
Cue*. Coup., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.
tar " Uow to Purity and Beaotif/ Zibj'i Skin," free.
the whole transaction. Its custody was in
trusted to Mr. Dey, who placed it under
seal in the vaults of the Union Trust Safe
Deposit, where it now lies. It has not
since been opened, and will not be exposed
to the view of any person until to-night,
when it will be opened only on the order
and in the presence of Judge Slack.
As a further guarantee of good faith the
present disputed property, on the south
west corner of Sansome and Pine streets,
was deeded by tho Fair children to Mr.
Dey as security for the payment of the
$500,000 to Mrs. Craven.
This briefly is the history of the Dey-
Fair-Craven compromise contract.
Those representing Mrs. Craven say it
is claimed by the Fair attorneys that the
$500,000 con tract was entered into by the
Fair children in order to secure possession
of tne pencil will. This claim, it is as
serted, is without foundation in fact, as
the contract was made during Mrs.
Craven's absence and without her knowl
edge. It is further pointed out that the
contract was signed on March 15, which
fell on Friday, and that the will did not
reach this City till the next day, Saturday,
March 16, and was not offered for probate
until Monday, the 18th of March.
For some time after this confederation
between the Fair children and Mrs.
Craven against the trust will and tee trus
tees under that instrument, everything
moved smoothly apd harmoniously so far
as the pencil will allies were concerned,
and every effort was directed by them to se
cure the probating of the holographic tes
tament of September 24.
Then came the decision of Judge Slack
declaring invalid the trust clause of the
will of September 21. Thereafter, gradu
ally and slowly, came apparently the con
viction to the minds of the allies of Mrs.
Craven that the pencil will was, perhaps,
after all neither what they desired nor
genuine and their changed mental atti-
MRS. ELIZABETH HASKINS.
tude soon became manifest to Mrs.
Craven, Mr. Roberts and Mr. Williams.
The reason for this the latter claim to see
in two important facts which will militate
against the Fair children should the
emasculated trust will be accepted for pro
bate.
Under the trust will the property is
clearly and unmistakably apportioned be
tween Charles L. Fair, Mrs. Theresa A.
Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair, giving
each a third interest. In the pencil will
appears this provision: "All the rest of
my estate, properties of whatsoever kind,
I bequeath to my three children, Theresa
A. Oelrichs, Charles L. Fair and Virginia
Fair, share and share alike, and to their
children forever."
It is this clause, it is said, which trou
bles the meditations of the Fair children
and has weaned them from Mrs. Craven
and the will of which she was custodian.
They see in its ambiguous wording a pos
sibility that it may be interpreted to mean
that Mrs. Oelrichs' boy is to be an equal
beneficiary with his mother and his aunt
and uncle, leaving but one-quarter of the
estate for Charles L. Fair and the same
portion for Virginia Fair and Mrs. Oel
richs, respectively, instead of one-third, as
under the trust will.
Another reason for the recent repudia
tion of the pencil will is that its admis
sion to probate will necessitate the pay
ment of $500,000 to Mrs. Craven.
It was the apparent breach of faith on
the part of the Fair children in upholding j
the amended trust will that caused tbe |
two gift deeds to be recorded by the at
torneys of Mrs. Craven. They considered
that the gage of battle had been thrown
down by the former friends of Mrs.
Craven and they signified their accept
ance of tbe challenge by firing their first
gun on Friday last.
Whether the great legal war will be
fought out in the courts or be settled by
another compromise are matters that are |
being much speculated upon.
Comment has been excited by the agree
ment of Mrs. Craven to accept $500,000 in
full of all her claims on the Fair estate,
which, even by the showing she has al- !
ready made, amount to $1,250,000. This
is explained by her counsel that she was
satisfied wit i the less amount, as its ac
ceptance would avoid any further noto
riety on her part.
MORE MONEY NEEDED.
Fourth of July Committee Requires
Funds for Street Decoration.
The literary committee for the Fourth j
of July celebration has already received j
106 poetical effusions. The task of deter- j
mining which is the most perfect accord- i
ing to poetic and patriotic standing, the '
committee say, wili be very difficult.
The Fourth of July comraitf.ee has
enough money in sight at present to de- j
fray all the general expenses; but more i
money is needed to make the celebration i
as elaborate as was first intended. Any
new subscriptions will go toward increas
ing the pyrotechnic display, adding to the
entertainment of the children and to dec
orating the streets. "Every dollar," said
Secretary Smith, "that is received here
after will go toward improving upon these
three points. Everything now, however,
looks favorable for a splendid recognition
of tbe day. Subscriptions are coming in
faster than ever before."
Southern Pacific Suit.
The Southern Pacific Company has sued F.
Severio, as surety for Monroe Barnett, for
$754 97 for freight charges on goods delivered
to Burnett,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1896.
Mrs. James Haskins Tells
How the Pencil Will
Was Written.
FAIR WAS QUITE WELL.
It Was Done in Mrs. Craven's
Room at 2007 Califor
nia Street.
THEY THREE WERE PRESENT.
Mrs. Craven brought the Senator a
Glass of Whisky While
He Wrote.
Mrs. James Haskins, witness to the
Fair will of the 24th, the pencil will, with
out really consenting to do so told to The
Call last evening the story of how that
will was drawn by Mr. Fair iv her
presence.
Everything relating to the pencil will
except the bald fact of its existence and
that it purported to be the genuine and
last will and testament of James G. Fair
has hitherto been a mystery. Everybody
who had knowledge — and there were only
two, Mrs. Craven and Mrs. Haskins —
sealed their lips, putting the question off
with the promise that "at the proper time"
they would speak. Even the place where
the writing was done was kept secret.
Mrs. Haskins lifted the veil to the ex
tent that it is in her power to do so — so she
says.
The will was drawn in Mrs. Craven's
room, at 2007 California street, says Mrs.
Haskins. It was written in a large blank
book by Mr. Fair in the presence of Mrs.
Craven and Mrs. Haskins, Mrs. Haskins
not being in the room all the time. The
room was very warm and Mrs. Haskins
became ill and retired to another apart
ment for a while, but returned before the
writing was completed.
"The will is all right," said Mrs. Has
kins decisively. "When the time comes
for me to tell about it on the witness
stand I will do so. I hope it will never be
necessary, but if it is I will tell the truth.-
That visit to Mrs. Craven's that day has
brought upon me a sea of trouble, but
there is nothing for it but to continue to
the end. It has brought upon me great
financial loss and directed unwarranted
scandal against my good name, but I can
only tell the truth. The success of the
will or the proponents or the heirs under
the will is nothing to me.
"There is not a cent in it for me one way
or another, but, as I say, the charges and
litigation growing out of it have cost me
considerable money. The lawyers for the
pencil will have promised me that all this
will be returned and that I will be prop
erly recompensed. .
"As this will is genuine and will be pro
bated, I expect to get that, but nothing
can recompense me for the trouble that it
has brought upon me. lam not the same
woman since."
Little by little in this way Mrs. Haskins
THE PROPERTY AT PINE AND SANSOME STREETS.
told the story of the will so far as she
knew it. It is an interesting story and
should be told in the sequence of its inci
dents rather than in the fragmentary
way of her telling it. To begin with, Mrs.
Haskins denies that tnere is any estrange
ment between herself and Mrs. Craven, or
at least denies any knowledge of why
there should be any or that she bears Mrs.
Craven any ill will.
"Mrs. Craven left my house some
months ago, since which time she has
called upon me but once." she said. "I do
not know that she has anything against me.
Her daughter has called upon me twice.
Perhaps the hill is too steep for her to
climb. That is the reason she gave for
moving -that she wanted to get nearer her
school. Her health is not good."
Then she approached the story of the
will.
"It is wrong to suppose the will was
drawn in this house. Mr. Fair was
never here I have known Mr. Fair
for over thirty years, but was never
on more than speaking terms with him.
Mrs. Craven and I have been friends for
many years, and I knew that she thought
a ereat deal of Mr. Fair.
"So far as they're having been married
I know nothing. Mrs. Craven was living
in my house when the statement wa3
made in the newspapers that there was a
marriage contract between them. I
laughed about it to her, and she only
said 'You see lots of queer things in the
newspapers.'
"How did I come to be present at the
time Mr. Fair made his will? Well, I had
had a dress delivered to me by my dress
maker, who lives on California street.
The bill was sent with it. and on the
morning of September 24, 1894, I went out
for the purpose of paying this bill. I took
the occasion to go out and call upon Mrs.
Craven at her school on Mission street,
near Fifteenth. She was not there.
"One of the little boys told me she was
sick at her home. I went to my dress
maker's, paid my bill, and then went to
where Mrs. Craven was living at 2007 Cali
fornia street. I found her there. She was
not confined to bed, but was in her room.
Mr. Fair was with her. There was a
Chinaman servant there also. Mr. Fair
was engaged in writing his will. He was
writing with a lead pencil in a large blank
book. The book belonged to Mrs. Craven.
"Yes; I knew what he was doing. I
cannot say that I was surprised at it. If
you ask me for pen and ink and saw fit to
write an important document here in my
presence I cannot say that I would think
it at all remarkable.
"I was not feeling well, tbe room was
closa and hot and I went out for a while,
but returned before the writing was com
plete.
"I cannot say whether Mr. Fair was in
good health or not. He seemed to me to
be. He had a glass of whisky while
writing. Mrs. Craven got it for him.
"I remained ail the afternoon — did not
come away until after dinner. We had
dinner about 8 o'clock. Mr. Fair did not
stay for dinner.
"I considered that visit that afternoon
one of the most unfortunate events of my
life — the fact that I happened to be pres
ent at the writing of the will of James G.
Fair. It has brought upon me nothing
but trouble. I had a dream a short time
before it — a most remarkable dream— that
remains fixed in my memory. It was
portentous of evil, and evil has come.
"Well, shortly after my husband's death
Mrs. Craven asked me if she might not
come here to live, and I made ar
rangements for her. After Mr. Fair's
death she went to* New York, you remem
ber, and when the lawyers and heirs were
quarreling about the will that had been
produced by the trustees, and just about
the time the sensation about its havine
been stolen from the clerk of the county's
office was made known she heard about
it there and sent on this will that was left
with her to be presented for probate.
"There was a little corner of one of the
sheets of paper torn out. The lawyers for
Mr. Fair's children were very anxious to
secure every possible proof of the genuine
ness of this will. They visited this house
in a body to have me give out what I
could. There was Mr. Reuben Lloyd and
Mr. Wilson and Mr. Heggertv and Mr.
Wheeler, alt here together one day.
"They had noticed that little torn cor
ner apd they were eager to get the piece of
paper to fit to it. They said they were
afraid that the trustees or somebody would
introduce some other will or would try to
break this one down. They asked me to
search for the book that the sheets of
paper had been torn out of. I did so for
the most part of two days, searching all
over the house. I remembered that Mrs.
Craven had had a quantity of books and
papers in her room wnen she went away
and that I had taken upstairs. 1 went up
there and found the book and the lawyers
were here when I brought it down.
We went through it and discov
ered where the leaves had been
torn out and there, fast to the book, was
the little ragged corner of the paper that
was missing from the will. I never saw
anybody more pleased about anything
than were those lawyers. Mr. Lloyd was
as pleased as a baby with a new toy. He
held that bit of paper as though it was
something good to eat.
"And now," continued Mrs. Haskins,
"they are all against this will. They were
not against it, however, at any time until
they broke the trust in the earlier will.
They could not have been against it now
if the trust had not been broken. But the
will is all right. It was written by Jamea
G. Fair in my presence."
With regard to the deeds, Mrs. Haskins
intimated that, if compelled to go on the
stand, she might throw some light upon
them, but for the time being she would
say nothing. She had made ud her mind
to say nothing about t!ie matter at all, she
said, and would stand to it.
BRITTAIN AS A SCORCHER.
Burning Words Directed at the At
torneys of the Fair
Children.
Mrs. Craven was not disposed to f do
much talking in reference to the matter in
which she is now th.c most conspicuous
figure, but she had this to say regarding
the latest development — the acknowledged
existence of the compromise contract:
"I have no copy of the compromise
agreements, which I understand is held
by Mr. Dey, nor have I ever seen the orig
inal. My attorneys have demanded that
it be brought into court and Mr. Dey has
said that we should have it. I expect to
see it Thursday night for the first time.
"I have heard about its contents, bat
what they are I cannot say at this time."
F. S. Brittain, who is acting as the legal
adviser and protector of Mrs. Craven dur
ing the absence of S. M. Snortridge and the
illness of D. M. Delmas, was more com
municative, and freely gave his opinion
on the very interesting situation created
within the past few days.
"This present series of counter-proceed
ings," he said, "coming up at this time,
after a long calm, was primarily brought
about by the filing of Mrs. Craven's deeds.
The gentlemen on the other side Lave
pressed the matter of the taking *of Mrs.
Craven's deposition, on the ground that
they were taken by surprise by the filing
of those papers. A 6 a matter of fact they
have known of the existence of those
papers for a year and a half, and it was in
view of the existence of those papers and
the will of September 24, 1894, that they
entered into that compromise contractor
rather had the children of Senator Fair
enter into it, and which document Mrs.
Craven, through her counsel, has de
manded to be produced in court Thursday
night.
"Until yesterday those gentlemen have
— all of them — denied both publicly and
privately the existence of that contract.
They now admit that during the year and
a half they have had the contract and
have known of its existence.
"They have made many statements to
discredit Mrs. Craven in the eyes of the
pnblic, yet by their present admissions
they show that they themselves have de
ceived the public during all of this time.
"In the proceedings on Monday night
they sought wholly for an opnortunity to
say, under the license granted to them as
attorneys, what the newspapers prior to
that time could not publish, even at their
instance.
"In that proceeding they sought to
accomplish three things:
"First — To take the deposition of Mrs.
Craven.
"Second — To have her sworn and the
jurisdiction of the court admitted.
"Third — On her lefusal to be sworn to
have her adjudged guilty of contempt.
"In the excitement of the occasion it
was overlooked that in none of these three
things were they successful. Her deposi
tion was not taken; she was not sworn
until she was advised by her counsel to
take the oath, and she was not humiliated,
as they had hoped, by being even mo
mentarily imprisoned.
"On the other hand, Mrs. Craven wanted
a positive ruling on the sufficiency of the
affidavit and notice of the taking of the
deposition, in order to found a counter
proceeding to see whether the gentlemen
who tell so many conflicting stories to
reporters will tell the same stories under
oath.
"These gentlemen, after having for a
year and a half kept secret the existence of
the compromise contract, are now seek
ing to explain to the press the terms of j
the contract. They will have an oppor
tunity to state those terms under oath in I
all probability, and, having been found
false in one thing, it will be a question in
every one's mind whether they are telling
the truth now.
"In regard to the contract the public
must draw its own conclusions until Mrs.
Craven has had an opportunity to -show
what the terms of that contract are. At
present we cannot, as her counsel, give
any information as to our understanding
of the legality of that document."
HOTEL-KEEPERS ORGANIZE
Italian Bonifaces Have Fgung
Mutual Protection
Necessary.
Henceforth Deadbeats Must Pay in
Advance or Go Into the
Cold World.
The Italian-Swiss hotel and boarding
house keepers of this City and State have
found it necessary to organize for mutual
protection against the gay and festive
deadbeats who were making them a prey.
A number of these gentry have lately
been making their presence felt among
the hard-working hotel proprietors and
lodging-house keepers of North Beach and
Montgomery avenue. After li7ing in
clover at one hostelry till the proprietors
stock of patience and credit has given
out, it has been the custom of these
knights of idleness ;o move on to another
hotel and begin the game all over again.
The proprietors began to sigh for the
good old days when they had an Italian
hotel union and a black list, by means of
wnich deadbeats could be checked early
in their nefarious careers. The union had
fallen into abeyance in 1892, but tue reali-.
ration of the u^e it was to the hotel pro
prietors has brought about the formation
of another society on very sirnila; 1 lines.
The new Bodeta di Mtuua l'rotezione
tra i Proprietari di Hotels c Pensioni Ital
lani c Svizzen ltaliani has only just been
tormed, and it will be incorporated within
the next week. At the last meeting,
which took place in Colombo Hall, G. Le
pori was elected president, V. Da Valle
treasurer, and G. Mnsso secretary. The
constitution adopted was in substance
that of the Italian Hotel Proprietors'
Protective Union, which fell into abey
ance in 189*2. About twenty hotel propri
etors are charter mem ocrs of the new so
ciety, among them being: (i. Giuntini, D.
Paganucci, F. Ungaretti, L. Puccineili, R.
Petri, L. Roscelli, E. del Carlo, Q. Capo
nelli, E. Parodi, G. Fabris, R. Allegrini, P.
Nave, DapeloD. Devincenzi, S. Damartini,
W. Foppiano and G. Barbagelata.
Hotel proprietors from all over the State
are eligible for membership and several
Italian bonifaces in interior towns have al
ready signified their intention of joining.
A Kroknr'* Trials.
Daniel Murphy and his wife, Eliza Price
Murphy, have sued Stephen Otis, a stock
broker, for an accounting of certain stock
placed in his hands and for damages for the
detention of the stock after a demand had
been made for its return. The total amount
sued for Is $'2515.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ~~~~
REMNANT wif^^i?r N
DAY I '> iJ^^lT
InAllOep'tm'nts p^^^UU^-^^  >
Nothing has such a certificate of character as a rem-
nant, says a dry-goods philosopher. It suited everybody but
the last comer, and she left it only because there wasn't
enough of it. . Thousands of remnants to-day. Shorter the
piece, shorter the price.
_ _ _ . _ , .
WRAP REMNANTS.
To-day is Remnant Day in all departments. Odds and ends in Ladies'
Suits, Wrappers, Jackets and Capes. r >.-;
ODD AND END SALE OF LADIES' MIXED SUlTS— Jacket is
.lined with fancy silk. The skirt is lined and five yards wide. (J»K A A
Bound all around bottom with velvet. A bargain at $8 50. To ' «jptl.vl/
close •: EACH
ODD ANt) END SALE OF LADIES' WRAPPERS-Fancy designs, f* A p
big sleeves and ruffle. You'll need one. Worth a dollar. To ' vl«/U
close EACH
ODD AND END SALE •OF JACKETS— and Navy Blue
. Boucle Jackets, velvet collar and big sleeves, ripple back. A ©^ A A
swell thing cheap at $7 50. Buy to-day or you'll regret to-morrow. «-pO»Ul/
To close ■. J EACH
ODD AND END SALE OF LADIES' TAN DOUBLE CAPES— QO AA
Velvet collar. A sacrifice. Price only «3J£.vU
EACH
NOTION REMNANTS.
Odds and ends of quantity and length. Ribbons, Laces, Veilings, Braids,
Embroideries, Beadings and Trimmings. Short lines in Notions all marked
at remnant prices for to-day, Friday and Saturday.
FURNISHINGS.
Short lines in Hosiery, Underwear, Outerwear, Waists, Gents' Necessaries,
Shirts, Drawers, Gowns, Skirts. Everything, anything, all things we are short
on goes in the remnant-price mill, and to-day they come out with former
prices ground to dust. Come and see.
DOMESTICS.
Yards that are left from popular pieces. Some too short for a waist — some
big enough for a skirt. All lengths — all prices. The shorter the length the
shorter the price. Ginghams, Wash Goods, Muslins, Flannels and Flan-
nelettes, Table Linens— all cotton stuffs — the accumulation of months of busy
times gathered and measured and half-priced.
DRESS GOODS.
i All kinds of remnants for all kinds of folns. Swell things for swell folks
ordinary things for ordinary folks— cheap things for cheap folks — bargain
things for bargain folks— all together on our counters and measured and priced
to make business buzz. Silks and Woolens, swell 1596 Dress Stuffs, Waist
Lengths and Skirt Lengths, Fancy-work Lengths and Patchwork Lengths.
Every kind for everybody. Come early.
HALE BROS.,
INCORPORATED,
937* 939, 94', 943, 945 Market St.
I YOUR i
I MONEY
I REFUNDED
I "IDEAL" COFFEE POT |
I Always Insures Uniformity I
>° HANDSOMELY MCKEL PLATED. °j
C 2 pint I 3 pint I 4 pint I 5 pint I 1 Dint I 9 pint 5
C $1 10 Isl 20 Isl "-' 5 Isl 85 I*! 50 Isl 75 3
jo Indorsed by many of the leading fam- 3
>° ilieg throughout the United States. oi
)° The Pots stand on their own merits. <=}
C We guarantee them. If the "Ideal" 3
U Pot won't do what we say it will, 3
U after a week's trial, return it and 3
jo have your money refunded. oJ
£ YOU WILL BE PLEASED WITH IT. 2
I RAM BROS., I
j° hillMiJ duU>S.,
£ QROCBRS, 3"
E2l STOCKTON STREET, S. F. i
£ Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast. 3
BSBJH T~\EST with a big B. Blackwell's Genuine Bull^^B
R|s^3 r*C .Durham is in a class by Itself. You will find one J^
Ks3*iisj *— " coupon inside each two ounce bag, and two cou- :^
I pons inside each foar ounce bag of 5^4
Dldvl\WUll o
H Genuine Durham JB
Sib §I ■ Buy a bag of this celebrated tobacco and read the coupon— v4ff^ J f&|§'
fi£p»i; I which givea a liatof valuable presents and how to get thern^^^
WEDDINQ
Invitations, Announcements, Cards. e?c. Engraved
«nrtH H d * 9 0rre « style, low rates. 20 simples
man! f TCtI ? nS iI°J corre form, modern weddings,
mailecl postpaid for 10 cents in stamps, » BRUNT
Fine. Pbintujg, 535 Clay St.. San Fra/icisco. Cal.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SORE THROAT
HURRAH
FOR THE
FOtHFtTH
From Now on Up to JULY 4, '96, We
Will Give With Each Purchase of a
BOY'S SUIT
At Either of Oar Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
FREE.
Composed of the following: 8 packages Crackers,
1 Kuby Light, 1 Sparkling Bomb, 1 lower Pot, I ,
Red Gem, 1 Young America Salute, 1 Miniature
Ked Torch, 1 Trolley Wheel, 1 Yellow Jacket, 1
Bee Hive, 1 box Ked Fire, 3 Pin Wheels, 3 Blue
Lights, 1 package Torpedoes, 1 Pistol, 1 dozen
packages Caps, 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 3 One-
ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD I X L,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
616 to 620 Kcarny Street, 646 Sacra-
- in «Mi to Street, 647 and 649 Commer-
cial Street; also Branch Store, 45
and 47 Sixth Street, corner Mission.
COSMOPOIiITAW,
Opposite V. a Mint, 100 and 103 Flftn. St., S».i
i rancisco, Cal The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 p«e
day, according 10 room. Meals 25a Booms, alia
and 760 a day. i"re« coach to and from liia h<K<U,
.Look lor the coaca bearing the name of the Cat-
mopoUtan Hotel. W&L Jb'AHUY. iTuiiti*.*
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market at, oppo-
- site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Beaidenoe. laid
I'ellK. Telephony "Piaa" 2591.