VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 35.
DEFEAT OF JAMESON
Ny Rumors Concerning
the Fate of the
Invader.
BY HIS CAPTORS.
other Version Is That He
/ill. Be Tried by Boer
Court-Martial.
NOTEING DEFINITE LEARNED.
Emperor William Sends Congratula
tions to the President of
the Transvaal.
T.oxPoN, y.yr,., Jan. 3.— There is a
rumor atloat that Dr. Jameson has been
shot by his captors and an ither that the
I itlanders in Johannes! irg have risen
against the Boi-r Gov< n ment and given
the city ovur to name?. What the truths
are in these stories it i- of coarse impos-si
• ascertain owing to the Government
monopoly of the telegraph Lines.
At 8:50 o'clock ing a reporter of
The United Press called at the Foreign
Office to confirm, if possible, the report of
the shooting of l>r. Jameson. He was
informed by viilicials there that they had
received no information further than had
already been made public. No news had
the Transvaal since
last night Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial
Becretary, was at the ollice waiting for dis-
He l>a« had frequent conferences
with the War Office and Admiralty
officials, but no special instructions bear
ing on the situation have yet been issued
to the naval or military authorities.
A ca lie dispatch is reported to have
been y a commercial tirni in
stating that Dr. Jameson will be
by Boer court-martial, and his fol
-, who are now prisoners, will be re
The Scotch Black Watch Regiment,
which is now at Mafekingin Bechuanaland
c advance of the British South
mpany's men from Buluwavo,
they insist upon advancing they
• i upon by the British troops.
The superintendent of the Eastern Tele
praph Company states that not a single
private message has been received from
South Africa since Monday and says that
any rumors ba.«;>'i upon supposed private
telegrams are false. The South African
wires ate being monopolized by messages
between the governments.
BERLIN, Germany; Jan. The Em
peror has sent the following cable dispatch
to l'aul Krue<;er. President of the South
African Republic:
"1 express my sincere congratulations
that, supported by your people, and with
ippeiling for help to friendly powers,
by your own energetic
against the armed bands which in
. r country as disturbers of the
and have thus been enabled to re-
I eaceaiid safeguard and the inde
nce of your country from attacks
:: (side.- 1
i \i; t(, t.i> a T &BBMA3TX.
'Englishmen Who-lto Xot Itrlixh VTilliam'a
' ongrtttulationm.
i , E? Jan. 3.— The standard
will t -morrow say that Emperor Wil
ls a strikingly unfriendly
presumption that lie
aallenge or destroy
in the Transvaal.
' . has ii" more locus
il than <ireat Britain
has m Havana. The uaper issues a warn
■■. Ing :
"If German; insists upon trespassing
upon our rights wp are well able to defend
them. We area peaceable people, but if
others will uol permit us 10 remain in
peace, we are capable of accepting the un
weicOm'e'.orxleal with composure."
The Daily N. va wi I m ..-row say that
- nothing hostil ; - Britain in
the words of Eon pen ■;, -;
to the President of the - ul, African re
public. It adds that they arenotagree
reading for Englishi en, bnt they
will impress some minds, sorely needing
such impression, that tb< '-rnent
of filibusters is playing wi: ls .
The Post draws the di from
ror William's words that hi M
consderi war with Great Britain within
the possil ilities.
The Chronicle will say: The Emperor's
message cornea near being an offer of
armed assistance. We hope an<l believe
that President Kruegei will take no notice
of it. The Xi ie nothing
with this business which Mr. Chamberlain
:.- trying to settle on lines of perfet
The Times will say : The Emporer's mes
sage is of very grave import. \ll the
available evident hat he intended
tve unqualified ncognition to the
aal .i- an independent state.
The paper asks whether it is really true,
a;- it appears, that Germany baa gladly
.seized the opportunity to humiliate Eng
land or to win cheap applause for an easy
bit of diplomatic chauvinism, and adds:
"She may rest assured that no demon
trations of this kind will induce (ireat
Britain to depart from a position which
berately assumed and which
s-he is convinced it is her good right to
maintain."
Tlifltuke of Abenorn, chairman of the
- i«th African Company, said in
an interview to-day tnat communications
had passed regularly between Dr. Jame
son and the board of directors of the com
pany, but that tlicse communications con
tained no reference to .an invasion of the
TcansvaaL The board was utterly un
aware of the movement and had never
suggested or encouraged anything of the
kind.
The News will to-morrow publish a dis
patefa from Burlin- saying that the German
cruiser Condor lias been ordered to pro
to Ik-lairoa Bay, Kast Africa. The
cruiser ficaadler is already at Lorenzo
Marques.
Sir Charles Dilke, M. I., who is gen
erally regarded as one of the best English
authorities on foreign affairs, was inter
The San Francisco Call.
viewed to-day in connection with the
Transvaal trouble. He said he did not re
gard the interest that Germany is showing
in the matter as evidence of positive un
friendliness to Great Britain. It rather
rose from trade and similar relations with
the republic. He did believe in the ex
istence of a secret understanding between
Germany and the Transvaal, while a Secret
treaty was impossible, owing to the con
vention between Great Britain and the
Transvaal.
The present attitude of the Boers, ho
contended, was ascribable to a suspicion
that there was a plot to annex their coun
try to the British possessions. The situa
tion, he added, was a most dangerous one,
but the Boers' view should not be for
gotten. Moreover, it must not be for
gotten that the Dutch are in a majority,
not only in the Transvaal, but in South
Africa.
HAMBURG, Gkekant, .lan. 3.— lt is re
ported that the Colonial Society h;is
placed 300,000 marks at the disposal of J>r.
Carl Peters, German Commissioner in
East Africa, for the purpose of organizing
an expedition to help the Boers.
TIOLATIOX oy A TREATY.
How ScrauiM Jt'yard thr Invasion of
the Tntnardnl.
BERLIN, Gekmany, Jan. 3.— The Frank
fort Zeitung says that the Transvaal re
gards the invasion as a violation of the
treaty entered into witu Great Britain in
LBB4, and that the Transvaal therefore
repudiates that convention, thus regaining
her right to enter upon international rela
tions on her own account.
I'nder the terms of t lie treaty of 1884 the
suzerainty of Great Britain in the Trans
vaal was considerably restricted, and in
stead of a resident agent at Pretoria the
British Government was to be renresentec*
by a diplomatic agent. The treaty of peace
signed In 1881 between Great Britain and
the Transvaal, following the war
caused by the annexation of the
latter by the former, provided that
self-government should be restored to
the Transvaal so far as internal affairs
were concerned, the control and manage
ment of external affairs being reserved to
Great Britain fis suzerain. This treaty
also provided for the appointment of a
British resident agent at I'retoria.
The repudiation by the Boers of the
treaty of 1884 would give them control of
their own foreign affairs.
-vo .vi;»,s nEci:ir t:i).
Great Anxiety in England Regarding tlie
CrUia.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.-A cable
from London to the Ban says:
5 a. m. — There is no more news from
the Transvaal, and no news is believed to
mean very bati news. So strong is this
impression in London that public appre
hension and excitement are far greater
over this situation and all it involves
than was the case at any time during the
still pending Anglo-American crisis.
It is now more than thirty hours since
any information came out of Johannes
burg. .-:>'. ■■■. ;
The British Colonial Office is still open
at 5 ■ 'clock this morning, and it large staff
of I'mier Secretaries and other officials
are on duty waiting; for the fateful news
which does not come.
We only know that a single telegraph
wire to Johannesburg is in working order.
England. Europe, .the whole world in fact,
are waiting with much impatient anxiety
for tiie news of one of the niO';t extraordi
nary events in modern history to come
over that wire.
WAS A DISMAL FAILURE.
Short Life of the Second Strike
of Motormen and
Conductors.
It Was Not Approved by the Leaders
and Ordered Without
Authority.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 3. — The
second strike of the motormen and con
ductors of the T'nion Tractidn Company
was a < ismal failure and was over before
it was fairly begun. The strike was or
dered at the ma^s-meeting of about 450 of
the men held early this morning.
The strike was disapproved by the lead
ers of the association and the more con
servative element among the men, and
when it was inaugurated this morning,
only about 1000 of the 5000 employes of
the company went out.
At no time was any of the departments
of the road completely tied up, and by
noon the cars were practically running on
every division on schedule time. There
were no disturbances of any kind.
President Malion of the Amalgamated
Association this morning expelled Lutz,
a member of the executive committee,
from the order on the ground that lie had
ordered the strike without authority. It
is probable that the men will try to have
any grievances they have adjusted by
peaceable means.
MAY TIE UP THE ROAD.
Spread of a Strike That Started in the
Western New York and Penn
sylvania Shops.
BUFFALO. N. V., Jan. 3.— The strike
in the Western New York and Pennsylva
nia Bhops which began yesterday at noon,
when about thirty men went out because
of the discharge of fellow-employes, as
sumed larger proportions to-day.
Resolutions were adopted at a mass
meetinc demanding a reinstatement of the
discharged men, and the restoration of the
10 per cent reduction made three years
ago.
The employes say that in case the differ
ences are not adjusted it is altogether
probable that the Western New York and
Pennsylvania will be tied tin.
The chief complaint of the men is that
the company baa been discharging men
because they have taken an active part in
the labor movements of the day.
northern I'neifir lircrivrr*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. :s.—The matter
of appointment of receivers for the North
ern Pacific road was again adjourned in
the United States Circcit Court to-day.
Judge Lacombe is giving the parties all
the time they ask to afford opportunity
for the Eastern and Western interests to
harmonize and arrive at some agreement
regarding the appointment of receivers for
the road. The case will again be called
next Friday.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1896.
JOHN BULL IN A DILEMMA.
NOW GAINING DAILY
Great Headway Made by the
Insurgent Forces
of Cuba.
MANY NEW UPRISINGS.
The Whole Island Reported in a
Turbulent State of
Warfare.
STEADY ADVANCE ON HAVANA.
Spanish Press Censors Have Doctored
Reports of the Most Important
Battles.
HAVANA, Cipa, Jan. 3.— There is no
doubt that the insurrection is gaining
strength daily, and that the rebels are ob
taining assistance from sources that hith
erto have been thought to be loyal to the
Government. The succftss of Gomez and
Maceo in passing the hitherto invulner
able trccha, the military line that in pre
vious insurrections kept the rebels in the
province of Santiago de Cuba, and their
dash across the province of Santa Clara
into Matanzas, has led many men and
youths who were wavering in their alle
giance to the crown, to throw aside their
doubts and cast their lots with the insur
gents.
The iwhole island is now in a state of
war. The restlessness in the provinces of
Havana and Pinar del Rio, the two west
ernmost political divisions of the island,
has caused the Government officials to
adopt measures to prevent risings there.
Heretofore the leading newspapers here
have had correspondents with the army,
who have sent reports of the various en
gagements, which, after being so prepared
as to meet the views of the censors, have
been published. These papers will now
not be permitted to publish even news of
this character, an order having been issued
that the newspapers shall print no news
concerning the insurrection except such as
is contained in information officially fur
nished them by the Government.
The rebels are invading the southern
part of the province of Havana, their line
of march being in the direction of Melena.
Several columns of troops have been or
dered to oppose them.
A smaller rebel force is also marching to
Aguaoate. Two columns are operating
against them.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 3.— Official dis
patches received liere to-day confirm the
report that the Cuban insurgents have
penetrated into the province of Havana.
They have cut the telegraph lines and de
stroyed parts of the railways. Several
columns of Government troops have
started in pursuit of them.
CLOSIMG IX OX It AT AX A.
Major Palomino Tells of the Work of
Insurgents.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.— Major
Jesus I'alomino, aid-de-camp on the staff
of Lieutenant-General Antonio Macc-o,
whose army is now closing in on Havana,
has just reached New York on a secret
mission of importance. In an interview
he said :
"Nothing can now prevent the besieg
ing of Havana by our armies. It is not our
purpose to attack, destroy or harass
Havana. We intend to cutoff supplies of
that city. The success of the revolution in
Cuba is now assured beyond question.
''Our plan to destroy the sugar planta
tions has succeeded admirably. We have
burned over $50,000,000 worth of property
on the plantations, including the cane in
the fields. The revolutionary armies
which have invaded Matanzas and are
now close to Havana are divided into two
main divisions. The van consisting of
1200 cavalrymen is under the command of
Colonel Lacret and Colonel Matagus. The
main invading army is under the com
mand of General Antonio Maceo and Gen
eral Maximo Gomez. Tfte latter has 2000
cavalry from Camaguey and two Hotch
kiss rapid-fire cannon. General Maceo has
2000 foot soldiers from the east district
and two Maxim quick-firing guns. The
rear guard of this invading army in
Matanzas is Jed by Brigadier-General
Quinton Banderas, who has 1000 infantry.
"There i 3 not the slightest danger of our
being overwhelmed from the rear. From
where we are now clear back to the eastern
end of the island we have left strong
armies to protect the territory. A revolu
tionary army of (500 armed men has been
lately gathered in the tobacco country to
the west of Havana. It is in charge of Gen
eral I'edro Pelgado and it lias begun to
march toward Havana.
'"The Spanish army is powerless against
us. The Spanish generals have in the
province of Las Villas over 70,000 troops,
hut they have not been able to accomplish
one defeat, although we have there only
15,000 soldiers. Then are now 30,000 regu
lar Snftnish troops in Cuba, besides a so
called volunteer force of 60,000 men raised
on the island. What do they all amount to?
"Between 90,000 and 40,<W> of the Span
ish regular? have died from wounds and
disease since the revolution begun. The
Spanish troops are mostly lads from the
country districts of Spain. They are sons
of farmers. The Cuban climate and their
forced marches will take them off like
files."
SPREAD OF THE COLD WAVE.
In Many Sections of the Northwest and
East the Mercury Falls
Rapidly.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— The
present cold wave made its first appear
ance in the far Northwest in the Canadian
province of Alberta on the morniug of the
Ist. From that time until this morning
the temperature steadily fell in Alberta
and the adjacent Oa'.isdian provinces,
reaching a minimum temperature of 30 to
40 degrees below zero.
On the morning of the 3d the ther
mometers were from 25 to 80 dee. below in
ihe Northwest and the area of the freezing
weather extended southward to Texas and
eastward to Western New York and Penn
sylvania. Very cold weather will prevail
throughout the East and South during
Saturday and Sunday, probably reaching
[ its greatest intensity Sunday morning.
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis.. .San. 3.—To
day has been the coldest here in several
years. The temperatuie is 24 deg. below
zero.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 3.— One of
the worst blizzards experienced here in
years swooped down from the east early
this morning, the wind attaining a velocity
of over fifty miles an hour by night. The
temperature is at z to and falling.
KILLED BY A LITTLE BOY.
Three Children Fatally Shot
While a Pistol Was Used
as a Plaything.
After Wounding His Companions the
Lad Ended His Own
Life.
MORELANP, Ky., Jan. 3.— A horrible
tragedy was enacted by children near Mil
ledgeville yesterday, and as a result there
are three little ones dead and dying. Mil
ledgevilie is a little village in Lincoln
County.
Three little girls named Walters, aged
respectively 4, 0 and 8 years, were playing
in a room of the Walters House. In the
room was a little boy named Walters
aged 4or 5 years. He had been constantly
at the house, where he played with his
little cousins. The four children were
playing together as usual, when the little
boy by some means secured a pistol which
had been secreted about the house.
The little fellow in playing with the
weapon succeeded in discharging it. The
weapon was loaded with live cartridges.
After learning the modus operandi of
firing it he turned upon the little girls and
began tiring. One was shot through the
hips; another was shot through the abdo
men. The third was not injured, but a
bullet went through her clothing. Then
the boy placed the pistol under his own
chin, and, pulling the trigger, sent a ball
crashing through his head. It entered at
the base of the chin and plowed its way
through to the top of his head, coming
out above the ear.
It was found upon examination that the
two girls will die. The boy is lingering
between Jife and death.
Declares for Reed.
BOSTON, Maps., Jan. 3.— The Boston
Journal will say to-morrow: "The Boston
Journal, voicing the vigorous sentiment of
tbe Republican party of New Eneland,
declares for Thomas B. Reed for the Presi
dency. If New England's delegates to the
National Convention are 10 represent New
England they must be Reed men — all of
them."
Destroyed, by FHre.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. 3.— The
Cranberry breaker operated by A. Paniee
& Co. at Cranberry, near Hazleton, was
destroyed by fire to-night. A number of
company houses were also destroyed. Loss
aDout $100,000. At 11 o'clock a furious
blizzard was racing. The boiler and fan
houses adjoining the breaker were on lire
and the Fire Department could nothing.
AN ENGLISH VERSION
Good and Evil Done by the
President's Message
on Venezuela.
BETTER RELATIONS DUE.
America, However, May Build a
Big Navy and Become
Aggressive.
MANY WAYS OF SETTLEMENT.
Arbitration the Key Note of the
Whole Plan to Close the
Controversy.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 3.— The American
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle
cables that paper to-day from Washington
in part &3 follows:
"I am now at length able to speak with
confidence of the opinion in the highest
American quarters. The only condition
on which the men whom I specially de
sired to see would speak has been my
personal pledge not even by a hint to be
tray their names, therefore I can only
give my word that I am not exaggerating
my authorities.
"President Cleveland's message to Con
gress has done several good and evil
things. First, it has destroyed any chance
of saving the Armenians; second.it has
given a strong impetus toward closer ties
between Great Britain and her colonies;
third, it has enormously emphasized the
line of cleavage always existing, but dis
creetly ignored, between the East and
West in th^ United States — the West to
day regards the East as practically an
European annex, and New York bankers
as allies of the 'money sharks' of Europe;
fourth, it has rendered certain the creation
of a great American navy, which the next
generation will almost be tempted to use
for aggression; fifth, and most im
portant, it has, unless foolish words
or unforßeen events bar its nat
ural consequence, paved the way
for better future relations, for Americans
having experience of the consequences
will cease their ignorant denunciations
and Englishmen will learn to show mucti
greater respect to American National opin
ion, knowing that force is behind it ana
will therefore refrain from provoking it by
utterances and acts of veiled contempt.
"Finally, the message has rendered pos
sible the avoidance of a far vaster danger,
namely, the question of the Nicaraguan
canal.
"The Schomburg line is now proved
destitute of any quality of permanence,
and it therefore remains to consider the
situation as effected by its removal. I can
atlirm positively that the American Gov
ernment is above everything anxious for
arbitration. Whatever may nave been its
actual result, the intention of President
Cleveland's message was amicable.
"The close entourage of the President
to-day scouts the idea that it was not a
message of peace. But behind it has
sprung up a National sentiment, which it
would be utter madness on the part of the
English people to disregard or underesti
mate. The Monroe doctrine is not worth
discussing. The fact is that if Venezuela
does not come within the four corners of
the Monroe doctrine then the new doc
trine — the Olney doctrine — covers it, and
American opinion overwhelmingly favors
its general principles. Moreover America
demands arbitration as a sacred right, and
for this she will right if needs be.
"While allowing due weight to the East
ern press you must remember the line of
cleavage mentioned. Remember also to
what extent the South found support in
New York before the War of the Rebelllion.
Now, how shall arbitration be reached?
The best way of all would be for Lord
Salisbury to come to an arrangement di
rect with Venezuela.
"The Cabinet here would much prefer
this course. I understand upon high
authority that the Venezuelan Govern
ment would express its regret at the
Yuruan outrage, pay all tbe additional in
demnity demanded and request England
to resume diplomatic relations, if in re
turn Encland would agree upon a refer
ence of the whole question to any com
petent tribunal she might select, and
America woulu bring every pressure to
bear to this end if Venezuela hesitated.
All American interests would cease in
stantly before the fact of arbitration be
fore the party owning the soil.
"The second method is if Lord Salisbury
will say he believes the commission fair
and competent to consider the historical
question, and ask if the American Govern
ment would permit him to name the Brit
ish commissioners to join it without
committing himself to abide by the result,
I can assert that the Cabinet would in
stantly welcome the proposal.
"The third method is, supposing the
American commission devoted its atten
tion first t,o the territory England is will
ing to arbitrate and reports there is a
prirua facie case for considering the larger
question at the same time, will Lord Salis
bury then consent to submit that question
to either the single or a dual commission?
"There is a fourth method, for I have
every reason to believe that Mr. Bayard
will inform Lord Salisbury of the con
stitution of the commission and say that
if England is willing to lay her case before
it without prejudice, America will be very
glad to receive the documents."
BO EAT 11 COSTJLMFT.
Chamberlain's Th-tr of the Charge of
I*r rvar icaiion •
LONDON. Ekg., Jan. 3.— The Pall Mall
Gazette says it has no reason to doubt
that the dispatches which the Daily
Chronicle quotes are the official unpub
lished correspondence exchanged by
Great Britain and Venezuela during No
vember, 1841, when Sir Robert Schom
burg was appointed 1o limit the frontier
of British Guiana, and April, 1842, when
England reviewed the boundary-posts set
up by Schomburg, are genuine.
The Gazette presumes that Secretary
Olney and President Cleveland knew of
these documents. Why, then, did Secre
tary Olney net use them to refute Lord
Salisbury's second dispatch?
"Did he?" the Gazette asked, "deliber
ately prefer to pick a quarrel with Lord
Salisbury?"
Mr. Chamberlain, when shown at the
Colonial Office a copy of the Chronicle's
accusation of the cognizance on the part
of the Government of the unpublished
correspondence, declared that the charge
was beneath contempt.
HOrES VOX SETTZEJHEXT.
Rut Salisbury la Said to be Master of
the Situation.
LONDON, En<;., Jan. 3.— Commenting
editorially on the above, the Chronicle
will to-morrow say:
"We hope there is abundant promise
that in one or another of the alternatives
the United States suggests lies the hope of
settlement. Lord Salisbury is master of
the situation. He will have public opin
ion behind him in resisting claims that
are not consistent with the existence or
honor of the empire, but he will have to
take into account such immediate diplo
matic proposals as we have submitted to
the country. We as-k, therefore, for a cool
and quiet preparation of the National
mind, putting aside every passion and
prejudice for considering rimply how
peace may be kept and the nations reason
ably satisfied. Above all, let us have a
Bering Sea treaty at once as an earnest
of the settlement of the Venezuelan
problem."
niLMje o.v turn; coxTitomusT.
Says Alleged Hiscoveries Will \ot Change
the Situation.
LONDON, Enc, Jan. 3.— Sir Charles
Dilke, M. P., was seen by a United Press
reporter to-day and asked to state his view
in regard to the developments in the Vene
zuelan dispute growing out of the discov
eries of old correspondence by the special
representative of the Daily Chronicle, now
in Washington. Sir Charles said he did
not think that the Chronicle's disclosures
would in any degree alter the situation.
It was obvious, he said, that the Venezue
lan Government would have published be
fore this any documents likely to help
their case. Before answering the state
ment made in the Chronicle that the
Schomburg line was worthless, he said
he would require to be informed what the
Schomburg line was.
FItOOF AT THE VATICAN.
Missions in the Disputed Territory Ac-
credited to Crimean.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 3. — It is reported in
clerical circles here that the Pope offered
to mediate in the Venezuelan boundary
dispute, but that England refused to accept
the offer. Orders have been issued to the
keeper of the archives of the Propaganda
to make further researches for documents
connected with the Venezuelan missions.
As stated exclusively by the United Press
yesterday, important documents have been
found in the archives of the Vatican re
lating to Catholic missions in Venezuela.
These documents show that the missions
within the territory claimed by England
were included in the diocese of Caracas
prior to the acquirement of Guiana by the
British.
FOUR MEMHEHS TO MEET.
The Venezuelan Commission to Hold a
Session.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Four of
the five members of the Venezuelan com
mission will assemble in the diplomatic
room of the State Department, at 11
o'clock to-morrow morning, for the pur
pose of havinir an informal talk over the
work before them. Those who will be
present are Justice Brewer, Professor Gil
man, Chief Justice Alvey and Mr. Cou
dert. Mr. White will be unable to be pres
ent, and it is likely that in his absence or
ganization will be postponed.
The commission will probably hold its
session at the residence of Justice Brewer.
TOO MUCH DYNAMITE STORED.
One of the Causes of So Many Fata/Hies
in the Explosions at St.
Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 3.— Six dead and
four missing was the report of the police
when the work of digging out the ruins of
the wrecked buildings ended this evening.
An unfounded rumor was circulated that
three corpses were found at 2p. m. Work
is almost impossible at night as electric
wires were torn out by the explosion, but
it will be resumed to-morrow with a dou
ble force. The total losses foot up $05,000,
insured for one-fourth.
Insurance adjusters have learned that
there were 150 cases of cannon crackers,
made of dynamite, stored in the Grubb com
mission-house. The city ordinance prohib
its tne storing of more than rive pounds of
explosives at one place. This discovery is
likely to nullify insurance policies and re
sult in damage suits.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MISERY IS SUPREME
Terrible Destitution Among
the Victims of Turks
and Kurds.
THOUSANDS STARVING.
Unfortunates Flock Into the
Sacked Villages and Find No
Food Nor Shelter.
SOME RELIEF WORK GOES ON.
Persecutors of the Armenians Hold
All the Food Awaiting an
Increase in Price.
[Correspondence of The United Press. 1
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tommy, Dec. 21.—
The I'nited Press is able to furnish the
following, which gives the Munition in the
various provinces of Turkey, and also an
account of what is being done for the re
lief of the destitute Armenians:
In the city of Trebizond Dr. Parjnalee'
and Mr. Crawford are issuing food and
clothing to about 3000 destitute persons.
Many refugees have come in from the re
gion of Baiburt and Erzingan. About 3000
of these have crossed over into Russia,
where they can be secure from the sword
at least.
In the city of Ereeroum the wretched
people have been held in hopes of receiv
ing back their plundered goods for some
time since the massacre, only to be disap
pointed. Nothing of any value is to be
found. The villages of the province are so
Btripped that about half of the population
is destitute. Twenty-four villages on the
plain of Erzeroum have been devastated.
In Erzingan thousands of men, women
and children wander about the'streets m
hunger and misery. The offer is con
stantly held before them that if they will
become Mohammedans they will be fed
from the bounty of the Sultan.
The villages of Pakarich, Abousdaja,
Hassan, Armedan, Gassna, Khuruakef,
Z.niara, Pingian, Arvcr and others h-ivo
been pillaged. Many people are wander
ing in the mountains without ioort.
At Baiburt numbers of women and chil
dren almost without clothing and in the
most awful misery are constantly coming
into the city to beg alms among its ruined
nouses. In ErZL-roum W. N. Chambers
and las wife are doing what they can to
relieve the destitute and care for the sick
with funds furnished by the Duke of We.-t
--ininster's committee in London.
Hardly a village in the province of l>it
lis escaped pillage. In the Houlanik dis
trict of this province thirty-eight villages
have been sacked.
In the city of Bitlis Cole and Knappof
the American Mission, with their families,
are the only foreigners In the city. It is
hardly safe for i 'hristians to tro npon ihe
streets of the city a? yet, but the mission
aries are rendering aid to the most press
ing cases in a cautious way.
As many as 15,000 refugees have rushed
into Van and are there houseless and with
out food. The robbers have gathered up
the whole food supply of the country dis
tricts, and aided by the officials of the
country districts are holding it for arise in
price from the misery of the people and
the benevolence of the aid fund.
Dr. Grace Kimball and other members
of the American Mission are working in
the most prudent way to aid the sufferers.
The whole district of Silvas is given
over to indescribable misery, and if im
mediate relief is not sent famine will de
stroy those who have escaped the mas
sacre.
In the city of Sivas the Rev. Mr. Perry
and his wife and Miss Brewer of the
American Missionaries are trying to re
lieve distress as it becomes more safe to
go on the streets of the city.
Arabkir, in the province of Harpoot,
was pillaged by the Moslem inhabitants,
p.ided by a rabble of Mohammedans from
outside the city. The Moslems continued
their work during ten fearful days. About
2000 Christians, of all denominations, were
killed, and every Christian house in tho
city was stripped of all its contents. Over
2000 houses were burned. Efforts ara
being made to get money relief to these
people, but the difficulties are Tery great,
in view of the notion among the Turks
that money sent to Armenians is fair
plunder.
Twenty seven towns and villages in the
province of Diarbekir have been sacked.
Dr. Andrus of the American mission at
Mardin has been snpplied with a small
amount of money for the relief of tho
starving by giving work to refugees who
have gone to Mardin.
LONDON, Exc, Jan. 3.— The corre
spondent of the United Press at Constan
tinople, telegraphing under date of Janu
ary 2, says:
"The Porte has informed United States
Minister Terrell that Americans shall ba
permitted to distribute relief to the Ar
menian sufferers at Harpoot without
hindrance."
Xlot let in the Syndicate.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 3.— The bank
ing firm of Bleichroder, which is the repre
sentative house in Germany of the bank
ing concern of Ladenbursr, Thalman it Co.,
of New York, says that the Bleichroders
are not yet in tne syndicate which is re
ported to have arranged to take the Ger
man end of the proposed new United
States loan. The representative here of
the United Press learned that Heidelbach,
Ickelheimer & Co., bankers of New York,
will represent the Deutsche Bank syndi
cate interests with Messrs. J. S. Morgan &
Co. for part of the loan.
To Strengthen Defenses.
OTTAWA, Oxt., Jan. 3.— The Govern
ment has already decided upon a line of
action regarding the strengthening of
Canadian defenses, and the better arming
of the militia force. Colonel Lake, quar
termaster-general, leaves for Bnglsnd t.>
day to confer with the imperial authori
ties on the subject of the purchase of a
numberof guns, it being the intention of
the Government to increase all field bat
teries by two guns each. Dickey, Minister
of Militia, will introduce a bill to arm the
forces with Lee-Metford niies.2
SHERMAN ON FINANCE
Unwise Tariff Legislation
Reduced Receipts Below
Expenditures.
ONLY ONE KEMEDY LEFT.
Borrow Money on the Best Terms
and Provide Additional
Revenue.
MISTAKES OF THE PRESIDENT.
In Stating the Cause of the Country's
Condition Cleveland Had Argued
Erroneously.
WASHING I'ON, D. C, Jan. 3.— For over
five hours to-lay the Senate was in the tur
moil of a financial discussion. It was
opened by an hour's speech from Sherman
(R.) of Ohio, a leading member of the Fi
nance Committee, in rapport of his reso
lution to set apart the reserve fund of $100-,
'■■■i gold when in the treasury, and seg
it from the ordinary current re
i. He argued that there was no other
cau^e for the financial difficulties of the
Government than the unwise tariff iegis
lation of Congress which had reduced re
ceipt* below expenditures, had impaired
confidence, and had compelled the Gov
ernment to sell bonds in order to meet de
ficiencies, and that there was no other
[y except to borrow money on the
best terms possible to pay current deli
ciencies and to provide sufficient revenue.
To that extent and for those purposes he
v\.:- willing to support Mr. Cleveland's ad
ministration, however much he disagreed
with its general policy.
The coin reserve must be, Sherman said,
kept unimpaired instead of being drawn
upon to meet current expenses. The im
pairing of that fund (from which $62,000,000
had been paid out in the last two and a
half years) waa the source and fountain of
all the financial difficulties and the true
remedy was to supply by taxation addi
tional revenue and to borrow from the
people of the L'nited States enough money
to cover past and future deiiciences. No
action was taken on ttie resolution, whicli
lies on the Vice-President's table to be
taken up for iurther discussion. As soon
as it was laid aside the resolution offered
someday^ au-o by Elkins, declaring it to
l>e the sense of the Senate that the United
States bonds should not bt; sold under
private contract and without advertise
meht, 7\a? taken up and discussed with
much spirit until the time of adjourn
ment. A motion to refer it to the Finance
Committee was defeated by the immense
majority 4S to 6, and the adjournment
motion was carried by a majority of only
■one.
During the routine business of the
morning hour Morrill (It.) of Vermont,
chairman of the Finance Committee,
moved that when the Senate adjourned
to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next. He expressed the hope thai at that
time the Finance Committee would be
able! to report both the bond and tariff
bills of the House. The motion was
agreed to.
IIa!e (R.)of Maine introduced a bill to
facilitate- tne construction and mainten
f.nce of telegraphic cables in the Pacific
)cean for the use of the Government in
?ts foreign intercourse. It was laid on the
table.
lluar (R.) of Massachusetts introduced,
by request, a joint resolution proposing an
r.mendment to the constitution of the
United Slates so as to give the right of
Buff rage to women. Referred to the Judi
ciary Committee.
Squire (R.) of Washington introduced a
}oiii.t resolution appropriating $75,000 for
. Mie share of the United States in the ex
pense of locating and determining the
boundary lin>_- between Alaska and British
iN'orth American territory. Referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relation.«.
George (D. ) of Mississippi introduced
and asked unanimous consent for the con
sideration of a bill for the repeal of the law
which requires proof of loyalty during the
War of the Rebellion as a prerequisite in
any application for bounty land warrants
to soldiers in the Mexican War. The bill
was passed.
The resolution offered by Sherman (R.)
of Ohio last Tuesday in relation to the re
eerve fund wab laid before the Senate, and
Sherman proceeded to address the Senate,
prefacing his speech with a remark that
contrary to his custom he had reduced his
speech to writing, on account of the im
portance of the subject and for the sake of
clearness and brevity would proceed to
read it.
Sherman opened by a reference to the
two recent messages of the President of
the United States in relation to the Mon
roe doctrine and the condition of the Na
tional finances. As to the former, he re
marked that Congress had "perhaps too
hastily-, tnit with entire unanimity" sup
ported the President in maintaining the
interests and honor of the country "in the
field of diplomacy," but as to the latter,
Congress had nol approved and would not
approve his recommendations as to the
financial policy, and especially as to the
currency. The President had mistaken
the cause of the present financial condi-
tion in attributing it to the demand for
gold for United States notes instead of to
the deficiency of revenue caused by the
legislation of the last Congress, thus plac
ing the effect before the came. And he
had proposed as a remedy the conversion
of United States notes and treasury notes
into interest-bearing bonds, '"thus increas-
ing the interest-bearing debt nearly $500,
--000,000." The President had proposed a
line of policy that would produce a sharp
contraction of currency, add greatly to the
burden of the existing debts and arrest the
progress of almost every American indus
try that competed with foreign produc
tions.
In these views the President was sup
ported by the Secretary of the Treasury.
It was with diffidence that he (Sherman)
undertook to controvert their opinions,
but his convictions were so strong that he
noped to convince the Senate by the facts
which he would submit that the true lino
of public policy was to supply the Gov
ernment with amp ; e means to meet cur-
rent expenses and to pay each year a por
tion of the public debt. The gold reserve
could then be easily maintained without
cost, except the loss of interest on gold in
the treasury, but with a saving of interest
on United States notes and treasury notes
of five times the interest Jost by the gold
held in reserve. But a vastly greater bene
fit than the saving of interest was secured
to the people by a National paper currency,
at par with corn, supported by the credit
of the United States and redeemed on de
mand in coin at the sub-treasury in the
principal cities in the Union.
The only difficulty in the way of an
easy maintenance of the United States'
notes at par with coin was the fact that
during the administration the revenues of
the Government had not been sufficient to
meet the expenditures. If Congress had
provided necessary revenue, or if the Presi
dent and the Secretary of the Treasury
had refused to expend appropriations not
mandatory in form, but permissive, so as
to conline expenditures with receipts, the-y
would have had no difficulty with the re
serve. This would have been a stalwart
act in harmony with the President's char
acter and plainly within his power. The
President knew as well as any one that
from the close of the Civil War to the date
of his inauguration the Government ex
penditures had been less than the receipts.
In this connection Sherman produced a
table showing that every year during that
long period there had been a surplus of
revenue, which had been applied to the re
duction of the interest-bearing debt.
The President, Sherman continued, had
complained in his recent annual message
that the tariff act of 1890 (the McKinley
act) was insufficient for the purpose of rev
enue. That act, Sherman asserted, had
not reduced revenues below expenses, but,
on the contrary, had provided a surplus.
If the tariff bill that first passed the House
of Representatives (the Wilson bill) — and
that met the hearty approval of the Presi
dent—had become law, the deficiency in
revenue would have been much greater
than it now is; but conservative Demo
cratic Senators, with the aid of Repub
lican Senators, had greatly improved the
House bill, adding other dutiesandchang
ing its scope. The President had refused
to sign that act and yet now he sup
ported it.
After a discussion, in much detail, of the
effects of the McKinley act and of the
existing tariff law on imports, exports and
revenues, Mr. Sherman said that he could
pursue no further the analysis of the two
laws. He regarded the McKinley law as
infinitely better than the Wilson law,
which was, he declared, the cause of all
the evil? now encountered, of adverse bal
ance of trade, by exportation of gold and
by derangement of the monetary system.
The President attributed all the financial
difficulties to the continued circulation of
the United States and treasury notes,
amounting to nearly 1500,000,000 and bear
ing no interest.
"It is just to Mr. Carlisle," continued
Sherman, "to say that ne attributes the
withdrawals of gold to silver legislation;
that the Bland silver act was in force from
1878 to 1890, when the accumulation of
gold occurred, and the great body of gold
waa withdrawn after the act of July 14,
1890, was repealed. What other cause can
be stated than that unwise legislation re-
duced our reserve below our expenses,
impaired confidence in our ability to
maintain our currency at par and com
pelled the Government to sell bonds for
the redemption of United States notes in
order to meet deficiencies? What other
remedy is there for our financial difficul
ties except to borrow money on the best
terms possible to pay current expenses
and to provide additional revenue for
future wants? To this extent and for
tnese purposes I am willing to support
this administration, however much I may
disagree with its general policy."
"l do not wish to criticize the sale of
bonds authorized by the resumption act
to meet deficiencies," said Sherman.
"Under the circumstances the adminis
tration was justified in doing this, even to
the impairment of the resumption fund.
There is no difficulty in collecting by
taxation more money than is necessary
for its expenditures. The true remedy is
to supply 'bj- taxation in some form ad
ditional revenue, and, until this can be
effected, to borrow from the people of the
United States enough money to cover past
and future deficiencies.
"Notes once redeemed should only be re
issued for gold coin, and such reissues
should be mandatory when coin is de
posited in the treasury.
'•The resumption fund should be i-earre
gated from all other moneys of the United
States, and paid out only in redemption of
United Statee notes. With such provi
sions in the law the resumption fund could
not be invaded to meet deficiencies in the
rever.u^. It should be provided for by
bonds or certificates of indebtedness of
such denominations at a low rate of inter
est which would be readily taken by the
people through National banks, sub-treas
uries and postoffices."
Further on in his speech Sherman spoke
of the President's complaint that notes
were presented and paid, reissued and
paid again and again, making a contin
uous circuit. When, he asked, had that
circuit commenced .
It had commenced when this adminis
tration (supported by the last Congress)
had created a deficiency, and it continued
because the deficiency continued. What
was Secretary Carlisle's ground for the
hope expressed by him that in two or
three years there would be no deficit?
The only ground for such a hope was that
a new administration would provide more
revenue, ana then the circuit would be
broken. Why not apply the remedy now?
The free coinage of silver he regarded as
the most dangerous policy of all. There
was scarcely a doubt but that iv all proba
ble conditions of trade or finance (except
the contingency of war) the whole mass of
United States and treasury notes now in
circulation could be maintained at par
with coin, if it were supported by a reserve
oj gold coin or bullion or silver bullion in
due proportions, equal tc one-third or one
fourth of the amount of such notes.
In conclusion Mr. Sherman said:
"All I ask now is that you will not dis
turb our present financial system with
your deficiencies; will not rob it of its
safeguards; will not return to the days of
wildcat money; will not lessen the savings
Of the prudent laborer, or the accumula
tions of the rich. Time makes all things
eveo. Let us give the executive author
ities ample means to meet the appropria
tions you have made, but let us strengthen
rather than weaken our monetary system,
which lies at the foundation of our pros
perity and progress."
The delivery of the speech occupied ex
actly one hour. It was read with distinct
ness and force and listened to with the
closest attention on both Bides of the
chamber.
No vote was asked for on the resolution,
but the floor was taken by Butler (Pop.) of
North Carolina, who argued in support of
his bill to prohibit the issue of bonds with
out the consent of Congress.
The consideration of the bill was ob
jected to by Hill (D.) of New York, who
was at that moment acting as President
pro tern.
The resolution heretofore offered by
Elkins (R.) of West Virginia directing
that no bonds shall be sold at private sale
or under private contract was taken up
and Eikins addressed the Senate in favor
of its aaoption. Most of his speech was
directed to a criticism of the enormous
profits made by the syndicate in floating
Government bonds. He asked a vote upon
taking up the resolution for present con
sideration. Toe vote was taken and re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
suited— Ayes 48, noes 6. The noes were
Brice, Caffery, Chilton, Hill, Mitchell of
Wisconsin and Murphy.
Hill (D.) of New York moved the refer
ence of the resolution to the Finance Com
mittee and spoke to his motion. Hill said
the resolution would be of no legal avail.
It would be like the Pope's bull on the
comet. He denounced it as an unwise
step and did not ttiink the people would
approve of it, and he declared his
belief that if the resolution were agreed to
that the President would not pay the
slightest attention to it. "And," said
Hill, "he ourrbt not to."
Teller (R.) of Colorado criticized Hill's
speech and said the New York Senator
seemed to think that if the syndicate were
not allowed to take the loan the loan
would not be made. He (Teller) was not
of that opinion. If the loan was offered
to the public the syndicate would have the
same opportunity of bidding for it which
individuals now have.
A colloquy of some few minutes occurred
between Hill and Teller on this topic, and
Hill, in the course of his remarks and
finishing his part of the discussion said,
addressing Teller: "Telegraph to your
banker friends to present their proposi
tions to Mr. Carlisle. Let them say we
will take five, ten, fifteen, twenty millions
of the bonds at 3 per cent. And if he re
fuses to take them, then, and then alone
have you the right to say that he is in
competent or dishonest."
A colloquy occurred betweon Hill and
Hawley (K.) of Connecticut in regard to
the likelihood of a free coinage of silver
amendment being reported to the Senate
from the Committee on Finance, and
Hawley said: "Shall we throw aside the
House bill and vote a free coinage of silver
bill, which, whether right or wrong, would
discredit us in all the markets of the
world?"
"That is a different subject," said Hill.
''That," said Hawley, "is a subject we
will have before us next Tuesday."
Despite the opposition of the free-coin
age men. who hoped to have a vote taken
on Butler's resolution to-day, the Senate,
by an aye and no vote, agreed by a major
ity of only one, not to vote until Tuesday
next, to which time an adjournment was
taken.
TO COVSIitEK BONDS FIRST.
T7ie Two House Hills to Reach the Senate
Monday.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— The Fi
nance Committee met again this morning.
There was a very short conference between
Republicans and Democrats and nothing
was accomplished. An adjournment until
Monday was taken. The silver men are
not yet ready to submit their bill, but said
they hoped to be able to do so at the next
meeting. Another conference of silver
men will be held before the bill is laid be
fore the full committee.
While no plan of action has been agreed
upon, it is probable that when the ques
tion comes up in the Senate all the Repub
licans, without exception, will vote solidly
against all amendments that may be of
fered, whatever be their character. Both
the tariff and bond bill will, in all prob
ability, be reported to the Senate at the
same time, but the latter will be taken up
for consideration first.
IX SEX ATE A XI) HOUSE.
Some of the Most Important I-iUti Intro-
duced.
WASHINGTON*, D. C, Jan. 3.— Among
the bills introduced in the Senate to-day
was one by Teller (R. ) of Colorado donat
ing to the city of Colorado Springs certain
lands in El Paso County tor water works
and reservoirs.
By Htile (R.) of Maine authorizing the
Postmaster-General to enter into a contract
for twenty years with the Pacific Cable
Company for the transmission of telegrams
between San Francisco and the Hawaiian
Islands, and guaranteeing to the company
an animal compensation to be fixed here
after.
By Gear(R.) of lowa, an amendment to
the House tariff bill increasing the duty
(in some cases taking from the free list) on
horses, cattle, hogs and sheep and on
breadstuffs and farinaceous foods.
Among tne bills introduced in the
House to-day were the following:
By Sperry (R.) of Connecticut, appropri
ating $85,000,000 to provide for fortifications
and seacoast defenses.
By Johnson (R.) of California, a resolu
tion stating it to be the sanse of the House
that hereafter no bonds of the United
States shall be sold at private sale or un
der private contract.
By Flynn (R.) of Oklahoma, providing
for the admission of Oklahoma to state
hood.
By Dingley (R.) of Maine, to prevent
the extermination of fur-bearing animals
in Alaska.
Adjourned Until Monday.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. S.— The
House reassembled to-day under the ar
rangement heretofore announced by Ding
ley merely for the purpose of adjourning
until Monday. Speaker Reed announced
that he had signed the bill to accept the
ram Katahdin.
TO ORDER A PUBLIC LOAN
Cleveland and Carlisle Ready
for the New Bond
Issue.
- .
If the Call Fails the President Will
Fall Back on the Syndi
cate.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— A special
from Washington to a morning paper says
Secretary Carlisle will to-day issue a full
statement to the public on the bona ques
tion. It will almost undoubtedly an
nounce that the President will order a
public loan.
This information comes from a source
which makes it impossible to question its
truth.
Tne exact terms of the statement are
still unsettled, but the informant declares
that the chances are 10 to 1 that the loan
wili be offered to the public first.
If that call lai!s tho President will fall
back on the syndicate.
The bond call ha& been arranged for
Monday.
INTEBTIGA.TISO THE OFFER.
Inquiry Relating to the I'urrliase of
Islands.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 3.— The
proposition to buy St. Thomas Island and
possibly St. Croix and St. Johns from Den
mark came up in the Senate to-day in the
shape of a resolution by Lodge, instruct
ing the Foreign Relations Committee to
inquire whether these islands can now be
purchased under the treaty signed at Co
penhagen in 1867, and whether there is not
danger if they are not purchased by the
United State they may not be secured by
some otber power.
The resolution was referred to the For
eign Relations Committee.
FOR DUTY ON SUGAR
Senator Perkins Secures the
Passage of His Res
olution.
IS OPPOSED BY BERRY.
Important Recommendations to
Be Made to the Finance
Committee.
GBOWEES FAVOR THE PLAN.
An Interesting Memorial From Pro
ducers of California, Utah, Kan
sas and Nebraska.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Senator
Perkins is in receipt of a lengthy memo
rial from California, Utah, Nebraska and
Kansas sugar-growers in favor of addi
tional duty on sngar.
In the Senate to-day he urged the adop
tion of a resolution declaring it to be the
sense of that body that among the amend
ments to the tariff bill to be reported by
the Finance Committee there should be
one for the better protection of domestic
suear-producers.
Berry of Arkansas objected that the pas
sage of this resolution might commit the
Senate in favor of a duty on sugar. The
resolution was finally adopted, not as an
expression of the Senate, but as a mere
suggestion to the Finance Committee.
Senator Perkins will propose to the com
mittee and to the Senate that the follow
ing provisions be adopted:
"That from and after the passage of this
set until August 1, 1898, there shall be
levied, collected and paid on all sugars,
tank bottoms, syrups of cane juice or of
beet juice, melada, concentrated melada,
concrete and concentrated molasses, test
ing by the polariscope not above 80 de?.,
1.10 cents per pounds and for every degree
and fraction of degree above 80 deg., as
shown by polariscope not above 90, 200.1
cent per pound additional.
"All sugars testing by polariscope not
less than 90 but less than 97 deg. by polar
iscope shall pay duty of one and thirty
hundredths of one cent per pound, and in
addition thereto three-hundredths of one
cent on each degree or fraction thereof, as
6hown by polariscope above 90 deg.
"All sugars testing 97 dog. and above by
polariscope shall pay duty of one and
fifty-one hundredthsofonp cent per pound,
and in addition thereto four-hundredths
of one cent per pound for each degree or
fraction of degree above 97 deg., as shown
by polariscope.
"Provided that upon all sugars above
No. It) Dutch standard in color and upon
a!l sugars which have been discolored,
there shall be levied, collected and paid a
duty of one-eighth of one cent per pound
additional, and all sugars, tank bottoms,
syrups of cane juice, or of beet juice,
melada concentrated melada concrete or
concentrated molasses, which are im
ported from or are the product of any
country which at the time the same are
exported therefrom applies, directly or in
directly, bounty on the export thereof,
shall pay a duty of one-tenth of one cent
per pound in addition to foregoing rates.
"Provided, that the importer of the
sugar produced in a foreign country the
Government of which grants such direct
or indirect bounties may be relieved from
this additional duty nnder such regula
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, in case said importer produces
a certificate of said Government that no
indirect bounty has been received upon
said sugar in excess of the tax collected
upon the beet or cane from which it was
produced, and that no direct bounty has
been or shall be paid.
"Provided further, that nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to abro
gate or in any manner impair or affect the
provisions of the treaty of commercial
reciprocity concluded between the United
States and the King of the Hawaiian
Islands of 30th day of January, 1875, or
provisions of any act of Congress hereto
fore passed for the execution of the same,
"That there shall be levied, collected
and paid on molasses testing above 40 de
grees and not above 56 degrees polariscope,
a duty of 2 cents per callon; if testing
above 56 degrees polariscope, duty of 4
cents per gallon. Sugar candy and all con
fectionery made wholly or in part of sugar
and on sugar after being refined, when
tinctured, colored or in any way adulter
ated, 35 per cent ad valorem; gluclose or
grape sugar, 15 per cent; saccharine, 25 per
cent ad valorem."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Senator Hale Introduced a Bill for the
Construction of the Pacific
Cable.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.-In the
Senate to-day Hale presented a bill to con
tract with the Pacific Cable Company for
the construction and completion of a tele
graph cable to Honolulu from San Fran
cisco. The United States is to pay the
cable company an amount equal to 4 per
cent of the sum expended each year by
the company, the contract to run for
twenty years. The Postmaster-General is
to make the contract, and the cable must
be completed by July 1, 1897.
Another section provides that the
United States may become the absolute
owner of the cable-line by paying the
amount of its cost, with 5 per cent added.
In presenting his bill Senator Hale ex
plained that it was similar to the one
offered in the last Concresß, but with
several new features added. Hale pro
poses to call the bill up for consideration
next Tuesday and gave notice to that
effect.
A bill introduced by Squire to-day ap
propriates $75,000 to defray the expenses
of a convention between the United States
and Great Britain to mark the boundary
between Alaska and British North Ameri
can. Squire believes that this boundary
question equals In importance the Vene
zuelan boundary line matter. He said in
the Senate to-day that there was imminent
danger of conflicts between miners and
officials assuming to exercise authority
from Great Britain. His resolution ap
piies to the one hundred and forty-first
meridian and not to the general boundary
dispute.
Professor Duliield, superintendent of the
Coast Survey, the American representa
tive ol the Joint Alaska Boundary Com
mission, is expected to arrive here to-mor
row from Buffalo, where he had a con
sultation with the British representative
Wednesday and yesterday, with a view to
the preparation of a joint report on the
delimitation of the boundary. It is under
stood that they reached a satisfactory
agreement, and decided upon a joint re
port, copies of which will be submitted to
each Government.
The action of Controller Bowier of the
treasury in refusing to approve the order
under the bill passed by the last Congress
to pay sugar bounties, which has so far
resulted in the withholding of the appro
priation, was officially brought to the at
tention of Congress to-day by a resolution
which lioatner of Louisiana introduced
calling for an investigation.
In the House to-day Chairman Dingley
of the Ways and Means Committee intro
duced a bill identical in practically all re
spects reported by the committee last Con
gress, authorizing the President to con
clude negotiitions with Great Biitain,
Russia and Japan for the appointment of
a joint commission, to consist of not more
tnan three members from each nation, to
investigate questions affecting the fur seal
herd in the North Arctic and Bering Sea,
and to consider and report what further
regulations are necessary for its preserva
tion.
Senator Perkins introduced a bill to or
ganize a medical department of the navy
on the same basis as the medical depart
ment of the army.
Secretary Carlisle sent to the House to
day the draft of a bill to reorganize the
customs district of Alaska, making Sitka
a port of entry with such other subport3
as may be deemed necessary by Congress.
WILL BE SIGXEJ* TO-HAT.
The Proclamation Declaring Statehood
for Utah.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Utah
men now in Washington will again wait
upon President Cleveland. They will
meet to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock and
proceed in a body to the White House. In
the party will be Governor West, Delegate
Cannon, Representative-elect Allen,
■lunius F.Weils of Salt Lake and Utah
Commissioner Letcher.
They declare they do not go to remind
the President that to-morrow (Saturday)
is the day that he has promised to admit
Utah to the Union, but merely to pay their
respects to the President and lend to the
affair a little ceremony, comporting with
the dignity of the great occasion.
It is expected that promptly at noon to
morrow the proclamation will be siened
by the President. Several ambitious Tjtah
gentlemen are anxious to secure the pen
with wbich President Cleveland makes
Utah a member of the Union.
Frank Cannon says Thurber promised
it to him, and one other gentleman de
cltres that no less a personage than Cleve
land has promised to give it to him. It is
suggested by a facetious individual that
the President use several pens in forming
the It tters of his name, so that each of
the patriots can secure the much-coveted
instrument.
BESA.TOKB FROM UTAH.
One of the Men Elected, Will Probably Be
George Q. Cannon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Utah
Delegate Frank Cannon wa« told to-night
that George Q. Cannon, his father, had
positively announced his candidacy for
ihe Senate.
"Where did that information come
from?" asked he.
"From a thoroughly reliable source,"
was the reply.
"Well, it is not true," said Cannon. "I
have heard nothing about it and I don't
believe any one cisc has. My father is not
a pronounced candidate. Most any man
would be proud to be Senator, but George
Q. Cannon, if he is a candidate at all, is
merely a receptive candidate."
It is gossiped among Utah men here*
that Delegate Cannon" is greatly disap
pointed at the news from Utah, and
realizes that Elder Cannon \vill»be elected
Senator and that he will have to abide his
time. The Utonians here believe that
George Q. Cannon will be one of the Sena
tors, surely, ancr that the other lie.= be
tween Arthur Brown and Colonel Trumbo,
with Trumbo almost a sure winner.
To Consider Coast Defense*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Owing
to the absence from the city of several
members of the Senate Committee on
Ceast Defenses only an informal meeting
was held this morning to consider Senator
Squire's bill appropriating $87,000,000
toward fortifying the cities on the coast.
The committee will hold a meeting on
Tuesday next, by which time the absent
members will have returned, and General
Craighill will explain his plans.
Treasury Gold Jtencvre.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 3.— The
treasury gold reserve stood to-day, with
all reported withdrawals out, at $G1,C26,000.
LOST IN THE EXCHANGE
Those Who Entered Wall Street
to Gamble Were the
Sufferers.
Some English Traders Were Also
Caught During the Brief
Financial Panic.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.— A prom
inent stockbroker who has spent nearly
all the years of his life in "the street,"
in talking with a reporter, said:.
"Now that the panicky feeling has de
parted, and stocks have recovered some
what from the low level to which tney
were driven during the two days of break,
it is an easy matter to determine who
were affected by the shrinkage in values.
"Nearly every dollar lost because of the
bear raid was lost within the four walls of
the exchange, and by those who were in
Wall street to gamble. The raid was en
gineered by bears, some of whom had not
done much, if anything, for months.
They are always waiting for something to
occur by which they can frighten the room
traders, who are notorious for their want
of staying powers.
"The room-traders and 'pikers' oiade up
some of their losses during the first day.
The second day they sold heavily again,
and went home with paper profits, and it
was in trying to realize on these that they
put the market upon themselves the nex.l
day.
"English traders were caught much in
the same way as were the traders here.
This is shown by the borrowing demand
on the other side. Take St. Paul, for an
instance. It was about ten points higher
in London the day before the first
break that it is now, and although it went
several points lower the 6econd day, and
then rallied to its present price, and even
a trifle higher, they did not all cover, or
else it would not now be loaning from 'flat'
to a slight premium in London, as
it is.
"The break was so sharp and the feelirg
of safety followed it so quickly, that it is
safe to say no investment stock was thrown
over. By the time the investors thought
of selling 'peace was restored,' and they
held on to what they had. The losses
which were made were borne by the regu
lars — those who bny and sell on the floor
and those who stand around the tickers
day in and day out."
TO ISSUE A CIRCULAR
President Traynor of the
A. P. A. Will Review
Its Progress.
LEGISLATION PROPOSED.
Congressmen Expected to Pass
Measures in the Interest of
the Organization.
AN ATTACK ON ME. CLEVELAND.
Objection to His Reccgniton of the
Papacy as a Temporal
Power.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 3.— W. J. H.
Traynor, supreme president of the Ameri
can Protective Association, is about to is
sue an official circular reviewing the prog
ress of the organization and the political
situation. He states that a large number
of Congressmen are also members of the
A. P. A., pledged to the following meas
ures, most of which will be introduced
into the House during the present ses
sion:
To secure a just distribution of Federal
offices; to establish a National univer
sity; to restrict immigration and regulate
naturalization; Linton's joint resolution
amending the constitution: prohibiting
for all time sectarian appropriations; to
open to public inspection all monastic and
private and semi-public institutions that
are not under State control; prohibiting
the official recognition by the United
States, or an officer thereof, of any digni
tary of any ecclesiastical body or church,
or the official recognition of such as the
delegate or representative of any church
or ecclesiastical power; prohibiting any
body of men other than members of the
United States army and navy and of the
militia of the various States from drilling
or parading with, keeping in any armory
or using lirearms or deadly weapons of
any kind, such act not to extend to the
uniform ranks of benefit societies, except
to debar them from drilling with, carrying
or keeping firearms.
Mr. Tray nor also reviews Presidential
possibilities and attacks President Cleve
land in these words:
"It is doing no injustice to Mr. Cleve
land to assert that if the United States had
been a papal country ana the Pope a tem
poral sovereign our President could not
have given more recognition to the papacy
as a temporal power than he has during
his present term of office."
He presents the names of Hon. W. S. Lin
ton of Michigan, Senator Jonn H. Gear of
lowa, Governor W. O. Bradley of Ken
tucky and ex-President Harrison as
worthy the support ot the A. P. A. He
affirms that in the event of any indication
of the Republican party "truckling to
Rome" "a new party should and must
result."
TWO BIG FIRES IN IOWA
One Destroyed the Business
Section of the Town of
Creston.
A Newspaper Office and Many Stores
Laid in Waste by the
Flames.
CRESTON, lowa, Jan. 3.— The most
disastrous fire in the history of this city
occurred this afternoon, involving a loss
of about $150,000 ana wiping out a large
section of the business part of the town.
It bepan in Horton & Bannister's furni
ture-store, the cause being unknown. The
store was destroyed with a loss of $12,000.
The fire department was almost powerless
to cope with the flames on account of the
intense cold, which froze the water almost
as soon as it left the nozzles of the hose.
The Summit House, the largest hotel in
the. city, was destroyed, the loss
being $35,000. The office of the Ameri
can (newspaper) was destroyed at a
loss of $6000. Other losses are: C. A.
Allen, store, clothing stock and fixtures,
$18,000; Beehive, general store, $2000; Cot
ton & Black, grocers, $10,000; Creston
Transportation Company, saloon, $3000;
Kunath & Huntington, Daints, $1500; J.
H. Patt, two frame buildings, $;i000; S. R.
Cotton, $2000; Postoffice, with mail,
stamps, fixtures, etc., total loss; Horton,
Danielson & Co., furniture, $15,000; J. W.
Cherry, drugs, $6000; I. Wilson, confec
tionery, $6000; C. D. Swan, brick block,
$5000.
An entire block was burned over. The
insurance is not over $30,000, or less than a
fourth of the loss.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 3.— The three
6tory double block owned by Le Bosquett
& Earle, on Court avenue, burned this
morning. The cause is unknown. The
building was occupied by the Thornton
Buggy Company. The loss on the building
i»$15,000: on stock, $25,000. The buildings
of the Dcs Moines Fire Insurance Com
pany, F. W. Youngerman, Den Lehane
and Robert Dempster were damaged in the
aggregate $10,000.
BE AT EX BT OPERATORS.
JPool'Sellera Duped by the Withholding
-T. : - '■'■'■'■-', of Messages.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 3.-The Munici
pal Telegraph Company, which conducts a
poolroom here, has been victimized out of
several thousand dollars by unscrupulous
telegraph operators. The operators worked
their schemes very successfully until Mon
day, when the company got wir.d of it and
learned that the result of the races were
being held back in Ne* York
Reports are received from but two tracks
now— i New Orleans and Alexandria. The
messages of the company had to be re
layed at the e w York office. It is alleged
that parties to the scheme would iramedi
ately upon the receipt of the message in
the New \ork office telephone it to confed
erates here, who would hurry to the pooi
roorhs just in time to make a "big shot"
The company lost about $500 on one race
Monday. A thorough investigation is in
TORE I* OWN THE FLAW.
\ Act of First Officer Todd of the Liner St.
Louis.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.-Tbe Jour
nal this morning says that there is consid
erable excitement among the cadets on
the American liner St. Louis on account
of the actions of Chief Officer Todd. The
day after the St. Louis left Southampton,
Firet Officer Todd, a^ British subject,
walked into the cadets' storeroom and saw
the American flap hanging on the back of
the door. He snatched v from its place
and threw it on the deck with tb« ex .am
ation: "That's a fine thing to be in sicht .
Two or three cadets made a protest against
the < racer's action, but received no satis-
faction. . _, r>~,.*A>a
Todd was in charge of George Gou-ds
steam yacht Atalanta up to the time that
vessel went into winter quarters, about
two months ago, and was In command oi
her during all the races that the \ lgilant
bad in England. He i? hold to be a ie
markably capable steamship ofneer.
AZZ THE CHILURES JSSCAFED.
Marched Out in Order From a BurniA
JSuilding. |y
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 3.— A fire.!
out this morning in the Franklin G
Children's Home. The lire was disc
just as the children were getti'
There was no panic. The childr
marched out in an orderly wav
succeeded in getting out in safer
were 147 children in the home at
An alarm was promptly tur.
the tire department proceeded to
but as the engine had to go two
fore reaching t!ie scene they cou
little. By the time they arrived
ing was a ma*s of flame. Th(
which was a large one, was cntin
It cost $125,000 and was insure
$30,700. The lire was caused by a
tlue. ■
After the fire had been put out a c
search was made of the ruins to ascen
whether there had been any loss of li.^:,
but nothing was found to indicate that
there had been any casualties.
FVU^O AXOTHEIt SHORTAGE.
Many Discrepancies in thr. Hooks of £»-
Treasurer Bollin.
OMAHA, Nebb., Jan 3.— lt was an
nounced to-day that, the experts who have
been at work on the books of ex-City
Treasurer Henry Bollin, the alleged de
faulter, will report to the next session of
the City Council a new shortage of $77,500.
The friends of Mr. Boiliu declare that this
is an error, and that he is being charged
with money which cannot be properly so
charged. The item of $77,500 is a payment
for grading bonds issued in 181)2, and for
which a new issue had to be made. The
head bookkeeper says that this amount
was not a new amount, but simply a trans
fer of cash from one fund to another, as
ordered by the- temiwrary City Treasurer,
Thomas SSwobe. The latter denies making
any such order. A hot fight will very
likely come up over the matter.
MANY TROUBLES AHEAD.
There Is a Prospect of a Dissolu
tion of the "Western Pas
senger Association.
Roads Threaten to Withdraw Unless
Certain Privileges Are Speedily
Granted.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 3.— The general
passenger agents of the Western railroads
were in session all day in this city, but ad
journed until to-morrow without settling
their differences.
The Colorado roads are determined not
to surrender their Colorado-Utah pas
senger association and its especial rights.
The Rio Grande "Western still maintains
its determination to pay commissions to
brokers, in order to hold its share of the
through business to Montana points
against what is alleged to be an unfair
business done by the Union Pacific in its
round-trip tickets to the N< rthwest.
The Union Pacific is understood to be
threatening to withdraw from the Western
Passenger Association unless certain privi
leces are permitted that company. Chair
man Caldwell, as peacemaker, had a busy
time to-day trying to patch up differences
between the passenger agents and thus
prevent the dissolution of the association,
which is threatened unless the local
troubles are adjusted.
The only action settled definitely to-day
was io sanction the Colorado Association
of Ticnet Agents, and P. J. Flynn was de
tailed to set the machinery in motion
without delay and make matters uncom
fortable to the Colorado ticket-scalpers.
It is understood that headquarters for
the Colorado-Utah business, the Utah, the
Wyoming and the Colorado traffic will
eventually be established in Denver, and
that a way out of the strained relations
between the Union Pacific and competing
roads seekine the Montana trade will be
determined upon to-morrow.
A Fire at Great Falls.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Jan. 3.— A fire
in the Murphy-McClay & Co.'a building
tt is morning caused a loss of $40,000. The
fire started in J. E. Fox's fruitstore from
a stove in the basement.
NEW TO-DAY.
"TZZjTJ
"Clothing' for little fellows."
Thirty years ago, when we began
making boys' clothes a special study,
we didn't know as much about it as we
do now.
Thirty vears' practice in h^ner them
made right and at the right price.
Give your boy and your purse the
benefit
This week's big plums:
A few more $4 and $5 Kilt Suits at $1 65.
j Boys' Double-Breasted Suits, double knees
and seat, $3 75. Combination Suits, including
an extra pair of pants and cap, $4 50.
Our imported Sailor Suits are great.
To please mail customers one must know
how.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|SSSSSS^gS
ISBSEBaasi&Bga
MONMTOLOAfesrs
and improvements, for repa/mem in a DKFTVTr'i?
NUMBEft of monthly fnstallmems io «ult U^
, rower. Apply to the CALTFOKXIA ah n p "ROUND VALLEY PLOT
Jack Littlefield's Murder
Recalled by a Grim
Letter.
A ROAST FOR ATKESON.
Coroner Heath Denounces the
Justice Who Acted in
His Stead.
EVIDENCE OF FOUL PLAY.
The "Call's" Reports Borne Oat by
the Trinity Official's Sig.
nificant Words.
UKIAH. Cal., Jsn. 3.— Justice Atkeson
of Long Ridge Township, in southern
Trinity County, has attempted, in the news
papers of this and Trinity County, to de
fend his course in connection with the Lit
tletield inquest. Atkeson was the acting
Coroner who presided at the first inquest
held on the body of Alfred, alias "Jack"
I-iltlefield, who was lynched in Round
Valley on September 29, last, according to
the statements of the officer* who had ar
rested Littleiield. but who, according to
tiie theory of The Call, was foully mur
dered by those having him in custody on
p. trumped-up charge of murder, in having
ehot J. M. Vinton. The circumstances
surrounding the Bret inquest were so sus
picious' that a second was held by
the Coroner of Trinity Comity. In answer
to the statement? of Atkeson, Coroner
Hoath gives hhn the following advice,
afn-r scoring him. Heath says:
"Vy'Len you are called to take the place
of the Coroner summon more than six
.jurors. After you have held the inquest,
bury the body more than sixteen inches
deep. Never bury the body of a man with
. hi= b( Always provide the dead
with a coffin; a rough one will answer
better :baii none. Never allow a witness
- own testimony, or help a jury
□ a verdict."
SEARCHING FOR WITNESSES.
Testimony Wanted in the Trial of
James fiddison Reavis for
Perjury.
\H, Cal.. Jan. 3.— L. A. Hughes,
treasury ap;ent from Santa Fe,
x., arrived in this city to-day. Mr.
Line lor the purpose of securing
I ence to be used by the Department
in the prosecution of James
on Reavis for perjury. In an inter
with a reporter to-day Mr. Hughes
. :
• I did not rome up, as stated by San
newspapers, to make arrests of
■•■it nesses in the Peraita-Kravis
trial of Reavis will take place
riot Court at Santa Fe, N. Hex.,
■wo weeks. Of course, yon will
I
■ objects of my visit to Ukiah,
i to state tbat witnesses from
. a^ well as from other portions
of the State, will t>e suboenaed to be pres
the trial of the Keavis case i:i New
Mexico. I will leave this afternoon for
v av.il will return to-mor
• ing day. I will not make
irinp my absence. Arrests
be madi- lati
readers of The Call will remember
. made by Reavis in behalf of
\ ralta to 13,6 0,0 X) acres of land in
md >ew .Mexico. He brought
■ I • • tbat the young lady had
.: to Sherwood Valley and
■ of A. E. Sherwood during
. -This liild. he claimed, was
: old Huron Peiaita, oy whom
the land claimed. It was
-:al of the case, however,
I • ness was a half-breed
-her^oo'i Valley, arid that
bunter'named "Jim"
>•• eased. It is to punish
• • - a:.d perjuries con
that M r. Hushes is
nnv\ - • vidence.
i this case were taken in
mer. Alfred E. Sherwood
. I tnat he remembered the
Peralta being brought
atholic priest. Jn oppo-
I Miiiiiw testified that
phe uas present at th< birth of the ailejpd
aI.A vit hits u1: v o/.n OXIMO f
Physicians Dime,," at to the Cause of a
' J""ar>nrr's Death.
" .URIAH,; Cai... Jan. 3. ,\. B. McCabe of
String Valley, who it was claimed some
time igo was afflicted with glanders, died
a few days ago in Lake County, whither
lie bad gone for his health. He was under
the treatment of a Lakepor: physician, and
was thought to have been Lmj roving. He
leaves a widow and five children in rather
destitute circumstance?. Mrs. McCabe is
sick at her home in String Valley and was
unable to .attend the funeral of her hus
band.
Dr. W. J. Edmundson, in a telegram
'dome feme ago to C. P. Smith, chairman of
the Board of Supervisors of thi* county,
McCabe waa. in his opiniop, n
with glanders, and recommended Uiat
proper steps be taken by the authorities
~f<.r Hie protection of t;;e public. Dr. Kel
-!..;.•;. ■ eema not to have agreed
with ]>r. Edmundson, aa lie declared that
fferingfrom severe systemic
• • -; ecially affecting ihe" gland
system.
H TOZ I. V MA 1 1. H ECO VER Kl>.
Officrrs find the J.oot of the IVUleta Stage
itobber.
URIAH, Cal., Jan. 3.— Word reached
the Sheriff- this evening that the mail
taken from the Willits stage had been re
coverttl. It was found close to where the
tracks of the robber were lost by the
• hounds. Irs discovery at this point bear
out the theory of the officers, ana it is
; looked upon as an important circumstance
5n the chain of evidence against a certain
poj-sonnbw under, suspicion. Under Sheriff
Pbilo Jiandy leaves at once to briiif; the
recovered naii to town. Important devel
opments are expected upon his return in
the moraine.
SCORED BY A STOCKTON MAN.
L. U, chippes Impugns Governor Budd'i
' * Motives in Having Ousted Him
From Office.
STOCKTON, (.'it., Jani 3.— U. Ship
. pec,< who for twenty-tnree years past wa:
president of the San Joaquin Valley Agri
• cultural Association and for many year
' of. the "State Fair A-ssooiation, and who
w as'r ecently removed by Governor Budd.
" has made a public statement which reflect &
periously upon the course of the Governor
in having'; ousted' him.
* .-."I was not removed from the directorafe
because Governor Bodd wanted 'new
blood 7 infused, but because my vote upon
poo-selling and book-making franchises
at the State Fair coula not be controlled,"
declares Mr. Shippee. "Killip & Co. of
San Francisco knew this, and so did Mr.
Budd. The truth is that John E. Budd
(the Governor's brother) and Director
Land attended but one meeting of the
State Fair Association, and that was when
the pool-selling and book-making privi
leges were let.
"Governor Budd says the last State Fair
was a financial success. He forgets to say
that he signed <t hill giving the fcftate Fair
Association $20,000. and the same amount
for 1896, while pocketing the bill in aid of
district associations throughout the State.
Subtract the $20,000 given to the last State
Fair and you will find that the new board
of directors ran $10,000 behind. Mr. Budd
cave the county fairs what the gamblers
call the 'double cross.' "
This is but a portion of the statement,
which throughout bitterly assails the ex
ecutive.
F O VXTA IS GROVE TR AGKD I.
A Granddaughter of Thomas I,ake Har-
Hm Ends Ucr Life.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. Jan. 3 —Mary Har
ris, 16 years old, committed suicide at
Fountain Grove last night by swallowing
poison. She was a granddaughter of
Thomas Like Harris, who started the
Fountain (irove colony many years ago
and whose name was linked with that of
Lawrence Oliphant. People at the colony
state that the girl was laboring under a fit
of temporary insanity when the strych
nine was taken. The Coroner's jury's
verdict was that death was suicidal.
Kings County Election.
HANFORD, Cal., Jan. 3.— The court
house bond election, called by the Super
visors of Kings County, to-day passed o ff
quieily and the proposition undoubtedly
THE MASSIVE WALL OF THE FROST KINGS CASTLE AS SEEN FROM THE MAIN STREET OF
TRUCKEE, CAL. THE TOWER IS AT THE RIGHT.
[From ** sltctcli made on tlx© spot yostcrday Toy a, "Call" e»t£%£f artist.)
carried by a fair majority over the re
quired two-thirds vote. The bonds voted
are $32,000, to bear 4 per cent interest, and
they will no doubt be bought by local
capitalists. The building will be erected
aa soon as possible.
FLORENCE'S RICH MINE
An Almost Unparalleled Strike
Made in the Silver
King.
Ore Worth $40,000 Taken From a
Single Pocket Within Three
Days.
PHCEXIX. Ariz., Jan. 3.— The Silver
King mine in the Superstition Mountains,
"<::r Florence, about sixty miles east of
here, may again become famous, W. S.
Champion having discovered a pocket out
of which he took $40,000 in silver ore
within three days.
The mine was discovered years ago, and
was at one lime the most valuable prop
erty in the southwest, but with the decline
In the price of silver the workings were
abandoned.
Three months ago W. S. Champion
secured control and commenced sinking a
new shaft It was while this work was in
progress, six days ago, that a miner's pick
penetrated the pocket in which the almost
unparalelled find was made.
The ore is absolutely free milling. To
•norrow Mr. Champion starts for New
York, where he will purchase machinery
and perhaps reorganize tue company.
Juror* Fail to Agree.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 3.— The case
against Simon Bonhaben, on trial for steal
i:ie a horse from the city stables a few
Months ago, was ended in the Superior
Court today. The jury disagreed after
being out mvo hours.
TJie JBertldsburg Shooting.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Jan. 3.— J. W.
Rose, who was shot by Roland K. Truitt
Monday night, is resting easily, and will
probably recover. The preliminary exam
ination of Truitt has not yet been set,
pending which he is out on bail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
TRUCKEE ICE PALACE.
All Is Ready for Revelry
in the Mountain
Town.
GREAT SPORT ASSURED.
Sleighing, Coasting, Tobogganing
and Skating Are Features
for To-day.
OPENING OF THE CARNIVAL
Winter Merriment a Mile Above the
Land of Orange Groves and
Roses.
PALACE OF THE ICE KING,)
2 DEGREES ABOVE ZERO, V
TRUCKJffiE, Cal., Jan. 3. )
A merry old monarch sits in the coolest
room of the coldest castle that California
has ever known and directs the adornment
of his habitation for the guests that are to
come.
He is the ruler of the earth and atmos
phere in this high mountain region, the
worldly lord of the snow and ice; and all
the people who come during the carnival
time must be liis subjects.
Hi- pleasures are in the snow-burying
of the land and in the freezing of his
mountain lakes, in the forming of fan
tastic ■figures wherever water touches, in
the frost decorations of the window
panes, in the substituting of runners for
wheels, in mating human ears and fingers
and toes tingle with the cold. His advent
is hailed by the jingling of the sleigh
bells, the flight of the toboggans, the tear
ing rush of the double-rippers around the
corner when timid passers-by nre almost
in the way, and the merry shouts of the
boys and girls of from six to 60 years of
age.
Everything is merriment where the Ice
| King touches, and merrier than ever will
be the carnival time in Truckee. For now
the monarch has a palace of splendor be
i fitting his majesty, and he has prepared it
for the reception in his own manner of all
his devoted people, and of the thousands
who, coming from the warmer regions of
the State, have never acknowledged his
reign before.
The castle is practically complete, and
j the breathing of the ruler on the untin
j ished portions is all that will be required
| to have every detail in readinsss for the
regal reception to-morrow.
The structure is in itself an Imposing
work of architecture, though it is in the
detail of the construction that the great,
strange power of the ice-king's wili is seen.
The main portion of the palace is on the
I plan of tlie Colosseum at Rome; but the
Romans never built with such marble as
here has been used. At the western end a
huge tower, like that of an old Snanish
fort, rises to the height of 75 or 100 feet,
breaking the old Roman effect, and from
the 00-foot level of the tower the toboggan \
chute falls and Lengthens out for a distance
of 17."» feet to give the impetus for a slide
half way across the town.
Evergreens mark the sides of the tobog
gan way, and these gleam in the sunlight
or moonlight with a million reflecting
icicle?.
Within the palace the floors are the I
smoothest that man has ever known, and I
the gay throng of guests circle and caper
around on ringing and glittering sandals
of steel. The walls are of ice work, vary
ing in thickness and transparency accord
ing to the monarch's fancy, and with
forms so diversified that all the architects
in the world could never complete a copy.
The windows are as clear as the crisp,
free mountain air can be, and the curtains
and hangings and the tapestries are in the
myriad designs that the icicle alone can
attain.
The servants of the King planned well,
but that ruler himself put his spirit in the
work, and the r e are effects that never en
tered into the dreams of the builders.
In the grand completion of the palace
the regal gorgeousness of the interior elec
trical display will not be seen until to
morrow night, but in the sunlight to-day
the outer view is a glittering marvel.
The skating and tobogganing will begin
to-morrow morning, though a few are
whooping down the chute to-day, and the
carnival will be inauguratpd without an}'
of the ordinary parade or ceremony.
About this mountain town, 200 feet more
than a mile above the level of San Fran
cisco or Sacramento, the scenes to-day are
just what they ought to be in a clear, cold,
crisp and healthful winter day in the
January of New England. There are none
of the unpleasant features of the early or
late portions of winter.
The sleighing is the best that Truckee
has known for three year?, the local resi
dents say, and at any rate it is good
enough. The roads are in perfect condi
tion, and, as the sleighs glide rapidly
alone, only the jinglinc of the bells and
the shouts and the laughter can be
heard.
Dormer Lake is not frozen yet, and of
course there can be no skating on Tahoe,
that great Sierra s.ea.
"It hasn't been very cold nefe yet," paid
a native to-day. "The mercury got down
to six degrees below zero early this morn
ing, but January usually brings cold
weather. What is the coldest? Well, I've
seen it twenty-six below zero, and they tell
me it has been a good deal colder than
that."
And this is California in the mountain
top region, while a three or four hours'
run over the summit and d iwn the rail
road grade to the westward, or only twenty
or thirty miles as the snowbird would fly,
would bring the reveler to the roses and
orange groves of Placer, the ''Gateway
County."
The mercury gives record of the cold,
the snow and ice. and the winter sports are
proofs; but yet the air in the high altitude
is so clear and so tinctured with the spirit
of California thit there need be no suffer
ing. The intensity and the peculiar frig
idity of the Eastern cold weather is not
the feature here; but when the thermome
ter records 2f} degrees below zero, no sum
mer clothing will be needed.
Visitors from the warmer parts of ttie
State shculd bring plenty of warm
clothing, with heavy and warm shoes,
gloves or mittens and ear-coveiings, and
to those who are not accustomed to. walk
ing on snow and ice rubbers will be
almost indispensable. Tiiose who have
skates ought to bring them, for although
there is no ice on the beautiful Dormer
Lake there are some large ponds, one of
twenty-rive acres, which afford excellent
skating.
The directors of the carnival and the
main financial backers of the enterprise
are C. F. McGlashan, Joseph Marsen Jr.,
W. E. Spalding, Stewart McKay, W. P.
Calkins, editor of the Truckee Republican;
W. M. Bnrckhalter, T. B. Whitney, War
ren Richardson, J. J. McDonald, George
SchafTer, Frank T. Meloche, William
McDougald, J. L. Lewison, J. R. Daily, P.
Franzip.i, John P. Moody, Supervisor
Daniel McPhetres, John Shcrritt and
W. F. Wilkie.
There was general disappointment to
day when it was announced that there
would be no Southern Pacific excursion
before January 10, and the railroad com
pany is blamed for not having the ticur
• on facilities in readiness, a 9 ample nc Ice
I was given. Few people have yet arrived,
1 but the carnival will be formally inau-
I gurated to-morrow, and thfe festivities will
| be at their height when the first trainload
;of excursonists arrives. It is still under
' stood that the California editors wiil ar
| rive here early next week.
Ice Harvesting was begun to-day, and
j that is one of the interesting features of a
j visit to the ice king's realm. Nearly
everybody has read J. T. Trowbridge's de
scription of that work in the New Eng
\ land, and here the practical illustration
; can be found.
j Special carnival days have been assigned
j as follows: Reno Gazette day, Wednesday,
January 15; Knights of Pythias day, Fri
j day, January 17; San Francisco Call day,
j Saturday, January 18; Knights Templar
day, Wednesday, January 22; Native Sons'
day, Friday, January 24. The opening
concert by the Truckee brass band will be
i given to-morrow afternoon.
SPEC! ATj RA TES.
Inducements Offered by the Railroad
People to Carnival Visitors.
R. A. Donaldson, assistant general pas
[ senger agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, who has charge of all passenger
truilic over the Central Pacific Railroad,
\ yesterday completed his arrangements for
! quoting special rates to the Truckee ice
' carnival, the main features of which are
; tlie vast frost palace, to which is attached
| the toboggan slide; the skating-rink in the
! palace, the sleigh ride around Dormer
Lake and the rocking-stone tower. In ref
e -ence to special rates Mr. Donaldson said:
"From San Francisco we are going to
I make a rate of $10 to Truckee and back for
parties of fifteen or more who co together
and come together. They can go from
here on the evening train, which leaves at
G o'clock and gets to Truckee at 6:15 the
next morning. Returning, they can leave
there at 11.20 p. he, and be back here at
9:45 the next morning. This will give
them a full day at the carnival. The ico
palace will be open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
There will also be similar rates for other
points. From Sacramento the trip will
cost but $•> 55.
"There will be one special excursion
tram each week. The first one will prob
ably leave next Friday or Saturday, and
on following weeks they will leave on
alternating Fridays and Saturdays, and
will return on the following Sunday or
Monday morning. The charge on these
trains will be $13 for an upper berth and
$13 50 for a lower. This rate will also in
clude all the privileges of the palace, the
toboggan slide, the sleigh ride and the
tower.
"We are considering the question of
putting in a daily rate of ?l'j from San
Francisco to Tr'ickec and back, to include
the carnival privileges but no sleeping-car
privileges. The Pullman Company will
average for those who charter Pullman
cars to use the cars while at Trucuee, and
will provide them with a buffs! service.
When we run the Friday and Saturday
excursions the passengers will be allowed
to occupy the cars during their stay."
The regular single rate to Truckee is
S" 80, and the $13 50 rate is less than the
one-way rate when the charges for the
Pullman berth and the carnival privileges
are deducted. The special rates will be
announced and go into effect to-day."
SA CItAMEM'O HIGUSINDJCRS.
Hostilities Ilcticeen liival Tongs Begun,
nn<t nti Vpriaing In Feared.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 2.— Chinese
circles here arc full of excitement, and the
indications are chat another highbinder
war has been commenced between the
Fong Duck Tong and Bing Hong Tong
highbinder societies.
Late last night the Hong Duck Tong
highbinders begun hostilities, firing sev
eral shots across the street from their
lodge-rooms into a Chinese store at 208 I
street. One of the proprietors received a
slight wound in the leg. The police will
make a general round-up of the highbind
ers.
OTAY BEET CULTURE
Capitalists Believed to Be
Back of a New
Venture.
USE FOR WATERED LAND.
An Irrigated Tract Which May
Become a Great Sugar
Producer.
EXPERIMENTS ARE SUCCESSFUL.
The Soil Found to Be Peculiarly
Adapted to the Raising of
Beets.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 3.— C. H. Phil
lips of San Luis Obispo, owner of the great
Chino ranch, and Colonel W. H. Hoiabird
of Los Angeles, who is acting as manager
of part of Mr. Phillips' properties, are in
the city on an errand which is believed to
mean the ultimate establishment of th e
beet-sugar industry In San Diego County.
The gentlemen arrived last night. To-day
they left early for Otay Valley and Mesa,
and spent the day in that section, where
experiments have been carried on for some
years in the raising of sugar beets.
It is known that in the Otay Valley and
Lower Otay Mesa there is a vast amount oi
land peculiarly adapted to the culture of
the culture of the sugar neet. Considerable
correspondence, followed by some investi
gation of the conditions of the soil, climate
etc., has been made, and the general,
opinion among sngar-beet men seems to be
very favorable.
Mr. Phillips said to-night that he was
"loohing over 3000 acres of land he bad in
the Otay country."
He was asked if he had purchased the
land, and replied by qualifying his re
mark and saying that he had come down
principally to look after the land, which,
be said, was owned by the Pacific Savings
Union of San Francisco. Mr. Phillips de
nied that there was any movement on foot
to go into sugar-beet culture, but he pre
ferred not to talk at all, and by his manner
convinced the interviewer that he was
withholding important information. The
land viewed by Messrs. Phillips and Hola
bird is under the O'.ay irrigation system,
which will soon be completed.
SAXTj. CIiVZ JLITIGATIOX.
Suit Brought Against th« Electrle Jjight
and J'otcer Company.
SANTA CRUZ, Gal., Jan. 3.— im
portant suit was commenced to-day in the
Superior Court in which F. W. Swanton,
A. P. Swanton and C. E. Lilly of Santa
Cruz and William M. Terry and John It.
Woodhull of Bridgeport, Conn., appear as
plaintiffs against the Santa Cruz Electric
Light and Power Company, Louis E. Mc-
Neil, Jamea McNeil and James Aitken.
The plaintiffs claim to represent 7574
shares of the subscribed capital stock of
the Electric Light ami Power Company
out of a total of 15,500 shares, thus leaving
the defendants 7426 shares; but the latter
claim 500 sh ares more, which is the cause
of the suit.
The complaint states that thedefendants
assessed this disputed stock and have ad
vertised to sell it. They declare that the
assessment was ille ally ordered, because
no meeting of a legal board of directors
was held on the date of the notice sent to
the stockholders. This is the second suit
brought by the Swan tons, and others are
contemplated.
AZitAXY'S COXnKMXJSIt YOVTII.
Lloyd Montgomery Requests the, Prayera
of « Christian Woman.
ALBANY, Or., Jan. 3.— Lloyd Mont
gomery, the condemned murderer, has
received, besides several letters from min
isters and others interested in his spiritual
welfare, a letter from Turner, Or., signed
by Mrs. Judd, in which Montgomery is
urged to seek the Lord for forgiveness,
and in which she says she would pray. for
him, and asked him to write to her. The
murdeier replied :
Mrs. Judd—KlSD Lady: I fully realize my
unfortunate situation, and I fully realize that
my time is aoout at hand to depart from this
life. Although lam a young man and in ten
der years I fully realize that it i« hard to think:
that I have to pass from this Life on the gallows.
I know that I am a miserable being, but I am
going to put my trust in God. The public and
press have branded me as one of the wont
murderers that has ever entered a felon's cell,
but they know not all. (W»i knows my slnn are
not as great as man nas pictured them u> l>e,
but nevertheless when the time comesfor me
to die. I will try and brave it through man
fully, and hope the Lord will deliver me from
bloodshed guiltlens, and my tongue -will sing
aloud of my righteousness.
You ask me if I have a Bible; I answer yes,
I have one, and am very much obliged to you
jor your kindness in offering me one. I would
be glad, if it is convenient fox you, to call and
see me. lam sure your company will be very
acceptable, your son's, also. You said you
pray for me; I wish you to continue to pray
for me.
TUNINGS AT SITKA
Alarming Situation Growing Out
of the Murder of Donald
Austin.
The Next Steamer Likely to Bring
News cf a Serious Uprising
of Indians.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— The brutal
murder of Donald Austin, Indian Chief of
Police at ritka, Alaska, on December 21,
news of which was brought by the steamer
City of Topeka, b.ds fair to result in seri
ous consequences. A letter was received
in Portland which furnishes additional
particulars. It says the settlers fear an
uprising on the part of the Indians in that
vicinity to avenge Austin's death at the
han ds of Herbert .Mills in the saloon of
Chum Long. Intense excitement prevails,
and the settlers have purchased all the
arms and ammunition in the stores and
are preparing for the worst.
The Indians are thoroughly aroused
over the murder, and a clash may occur
at any time, unless precautionary meas
ures are taken. They .ire armed to the
teeth, and are pleased with an occasion to
resent tl>e many hardships and rebuffs to
which the whites have* subjected them.
AIJ that is now required to bring about a
massacre isa little liquor among the red
skins. The Indians have assumed a mo3t
threatening attitude.
It is more likely than not that the ne.\t
Bteamei Irom Sitka will bring startling
news.
JF It ECK SEJLR THE BTAXIBIjAVS.
IHsaater to a Valley Railroad. Construe*
tioit Train.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 3.— The con
struction train on the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad was ditched this morning about
11 o'clock at a point two miles from the
Stanislaus River. The train was composed
of the boarding-car and eleven other cars
of the Valley road, which had been unload
ing telegraph p^les along the line. An
engine was pushing the car toward town,
and about a dozen men were on the train
at the time.
In some uni.ccountablp manner the
boarding-car, which was in front, jumped
the .rack, taking the two cars immediately
behind with it. The boarding-car rolled,
down the embankment on one side, and
the other cars I'ell in the opposite direction.
All of the mon were ■severely braised, and
the cook, who was at work i:i the boarding
car, had a narrow escape. The stove in
the boarding-car was overturned and the
car took (ire, and for a while it sr-emed i\h
though the entire train would burn. The
flfimos were extinguished, however, before
they made much headway.
The cars which left the track were badly
damaged, and it took the gang all day to
clear the track in order that an engine
might be sent to town with the Dears. The
cars are still in the ditch this evening, and
an effort will be made to raise them to
morrow.
The trouble was probably due to the
track not being ballasted. * The engine,
working from behind, caused the board
ing-car to take a sudden lurch, and being
the heavier it took the others with it. The
engine and rear cars were not injured.
.Fire on. a Sonoma Jlnnrh.
SANTA ROSA, Cat.., Jan. 3.— A largo
building, used for cooking and laundry
purposes, on the Fountain Grove ranch,
three miles north of town, was burned to
the ground this morning. The tire is sup
posed to havo originated from the cooking
range, in which a hot tire had been
kindled. The ios3 is $1500, covered by an
insurance of $1200.
KEW TO-DAT. .
A (£Rk
( ' ] I r J£F\
'"-If spi
Health, strength, mental p.nd physical nerve
and sexual vinror. Honesty, self-esteem and
confidence. The manly bearing,- confident
expression and the bright end happy sparkle
of the eye. The love of society, denoting a
happy disposition, quick mental and physical
action, are the elements of perfect manhood.
They may be yours if you replace the vital
force which you have lost. - :
uit. o A:i i) nil o ELECTRIC BELT
Will renew ir. Every man who admires pure
manhood should rend the boot, "Three
Classes of Men," which can be had free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., ,
632 Market Street. San Francisco,'
Oiipo:iue Palace Hotel. Ofllco hours, •• 8 to 6;
evenings. 7to 8:30. Suudays, 10 to 1.
fortlaud (Oregon) oillce, •-'5O Waabliigtoa st. .
I -ri ni»^iiirf^ ttm* ■ iiiubi lilinrifciiiK I■, MmwmMi ■ BnCTlfl
34
CAPITAL CITY NEWS
Dr. Ruggles' Report on the
Foundling Home
Inquiry.
CHARGES ARE REFUTED.
Sacramento's Charitable Women
Are Found to Have Been
Blameless.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
Controller Colgan's Statement of the
State's Finances on January
First.
SACRAMENTO, Cai.., Jan. 3.— The re
port of Dr. Buggies on the investigation of
the Foundling Home in this city was re
ceived to-day by the State Board of Exam
iners, and, as was stated by Governor Budd
in an interview published in The Call
several days ago, it is a complete refutation
of the charts preferred by Dr. Waggoner
of the local Board of Health. The matter
has created a vast deal of unfavorable com
ment throughout the city against the au
thor of the attack upon the charitable
women who have been devoting theii time
and energies to the care of homeless waifs;
but Dr. Waggoner is by no means accred
ited with all the blame, as it is known that
he had been grossly misinformed. The re
port states in part :
''The presentation of charges was con
ducted by Dr. Waggoner, the refutation
by Judge Holl. Before entering upon the j
assigned duties I was notified that two of
the allegations, viz.: that persons wishing
to adopt children were refused unless a
stated amount was paid; also that State
aid had been obtained for absent chi'drer,
were withdraw!]. It was agreed that all
allegations should be taken up seriatim.
"The first allegation was as to the un
cleanliness of the institution. The evi
dence was very 'positive and conclusive
that previous to October 1 the institution I
was not in as neat and cleanly condition i
as it should have been; the walls were
smoked, the paint dirty, the . bedsteads
wooden and infested by bedbugs. It is in ;
evidence to the credit of the managers that '
a special meeting had been called and
measures taken to have this condition of
affairs rectified. This step had been taken
the inspection visit ordered by the !
local Board of Health, and since that time !
the renovating process has been going on j
as rapidly and as thoroughly as the
financial condition of the institution i
would permit. From personal observation '
ible to say that the walls are neatly
;it renewed and varnish
applied where necessary. The wooden
ad a which hail boon kindly and with !
mistaken charity bestowed had been con
demned and new iron ones supplied in
their place. It is satisfactorily shown that
the present condition is what is desired, |
h it must be admitted that the con
. previous to the date mentioned was
ible.
"The allegation as to the underfed condi
tion of the inmates was next considered.
Much emphatic testimony was presented
as to the amount ami : of the food
furnished, but the great preponderance of
evidence of lady managers, matron and
the cook, whose own Ley was one of the
'unfortunate starved ones,' the presenta
tion of bills for supplies, supplemented b}'
my own personal examination of the chil
dren, compel me to say that the allegation
■ sustained.
"Th< n of great mortality in the
institution was t»stea next. The computa
tion from identified records of the institu
tion show that tiie mortality was 53 per
cent of admission?. At the first glance
this appear* to be very large and justifies
a presentation of the allegation. But
when it is considers i that the great ma
jority of these unfortunates are of a de
graded, dissipated and diseased origin, i
does not seem so strange. Also, it is to be
considered that over 80 percent of all
hand-fed babies die before arriving at the
age of 5 years; flu".' n.-arly 90 per cent of
all babies in cities and towns under 1 year
of age who are fed on artificial nutriment
die; that, sanitary statistics and foundling
hospital reports, both foreign and domes
tic, show a much larger percentage than
does this institution. lam surprised that
it baa done as well as it lias.
"Very strong inferential evidence waa
produced to sustain the allegation as to
immorality among the inmates. These
charges are of a serious nature, and if sus- ;
tamed should receive condemnation. The i
evidtT.ce is conflicting, but enough is i
shown to place some of the inmates in a |
compromising situation. There seems to
be a peculiar condition attached to this [
institution. It is nominally a foundlings' !
home, yet really an orphan asylum, with !
inmates of all ages up to 13 years. If it be I
really a home for foundlings, my opinion i
is that no children over the age of 5 or 0 j
years should be admitted and those al- \
ready there over tliat age should be trans- i
ferred to the regularly organized orphan
asylum; or if this plaa of organization is
to be continued, then a system of most]
rigid discipline should be immediately I
ad. i ['ted, so that a complete, perfect and j
positive separation of the sexes be main- ■
tamed and no possibility of a recurrence i
of what is the foundation of tins allegation. I
"C. A. RtTSGLBB."
CLAIMS PASSED UPON.
State Examiners Again Prune Down Those
of Sheriff Whelar, — Secretary Scott's
Letter.
BACKAMENTO, Cau, Jan. 3.-The first
matter taken under consideration by the
Board of Examiners this afternoon were
the claims of Sheriff Johnson f Sacra
mento County for the transpor. ;iion of
..two persons to the Whittier Reform
School.
These claims were doomed excessive, and
Deputy Sheriff SchwilK appeared and
I that in one case he had missed a
train by being late. Governor Biidd said
that the State should not be compelled to
pay for his negligence, and one day's f-x
--penscs were cnriail&i and the claims laid
over for future investigation.
Upon the suggestion of Secretary of
Sta-te Brown the secretary of the board
was instructed to prepare a list of ail in
mates of State asylums, the date of ad
mission.atad their ability to provide for
their i ersonal maintenance. This was
done with a view of reducing the cost of
maintenance of the institutions, as in the
future friends of inmates who are able to
sin-port them will be compelled to do so.
The claim of the £ute Board of Prison
Directors for $97«j was taken under consid
eration. This was for material and labor
in erecting the rock-crushing plant, and
among the items appeared the" charge of
■\V. 11. Eckert, as supervising and control
ling engineer, for $225 for three months'
services. Charles Matbeson also claimed
a salary of $ISO per month as head fore
man.
Commissioner Manson was called before
the board and stated that Matheson super
vised the work on the plant, and was also
employed on the construction of trie pris
on addition. In his opinion his salary
should be divided between the rock-crush
ing fund and the State prison addition
fund.
Secretary of State Brown called for the
prison payroll, for the purpose of ascer
taining whether Matheson drew any addi
tional salary other than the $6 per day,
but as this document had not been re
ceived the claim was laid over.
Sheriff Whelan's claims for transporta
tion of prisoners received a pruning down,
because he persisted in refusing to attach
receipts for hack hire to his claims, in
direct conflict with the provisions of the
board.
His claims in the sum of $735 75 suffered
a reduction of $155 M), and Governor Budd
positively declared that from this time on
the board would allow only one day's
salary for a deputy in the transportation
of prisoners to any institution when the
journey cculd be made within twenty-four
hours.
The journey from San Francisco to the
Napa asylum consumes only about three
hours, yet it has been the custom for pa
tient* to be forwarded in the afternoon, the
deputies returning the next day and claim
ing two clays' remuneration from the
Bute.
Sheriff Whelan, when questioned as to
the cuuse, stated that tnere were no ac
commodations in the crty for retaining
insane prisoners over nighr, but Governor
Budd declares that in t lie future they must
be retained, even if the city be obliged to
erect suitable quarters.
Winlield^Scott, secretary of the defunct
Viticultoral Society, sent'in a communica
tion stating that the ciause in the bill
passed by the late Legislature providing
for turning the property over to the State
University was unconstitutional, in that
the appropriation of $r>O<X) to the regents
for carrying out the work was not ex
pressed in the title.
The Governor declared that the humor
of this letter lay in the fact that Scott
drew up the bill which ho now declares
unconstitutional.
A complete entry of the State property
was also submitted by Mr. Scott.
FIXAXCES Of THE STATE.
Controller Colgan't Report of the Condi-
tion on January 1.
SACRAMENTO, Cai.;, Jan. 3.-The fol
lowing report of State Controller Colgan is
a full statement of the condition of the
State's finances on the beginning of the
present year:
General fund 38,592 S8
School fund 1,90:5. K81 92
Interest and sinking fuDd 126,780 43
state school land fund 269,532 85
State school land deposit fund 38,780 00
San Francisco harbor improvement
fund 66,433 02
University fund 24,9;!2 50
State University fund 78,228 HI
Mining Bureau fund 355 74
State Library fund 11,053 47
Supreme Court Library fund 2,9t>3 02
War bond fund 2,993 30 '
Yosemite Valley fund 987 51
Adult blind fund 429 30
Revolving jute fund 19,946 32
Estates of deceased persons' fund... 33,717 88
Railway tax fund 776 40
Railway tax co ttingent fund 7,281 74
Fish commission fund 48 62
.San Quentin State I'rison fund 29,208 05 i
b'olsom State Prison md 73 00 i
Insurance Commissioners' special
fund 1,260 05
li.iiil; Commissioners' iund 8,989 23
state schoolbootc fund 42,273 73
Dissolved savings bank fund 2,827 49
Fish commission fund (.purchase of
boats) 1,100 00
Special Mendocino Insane Asylum
fund ". 3,217 30 :
San Dieco harDor improvement fund 4 95
San Francisco dppot sinking f and... 49,447 50 ,
Wnittler Reform school fund 24,751 32
Bnlldlng and Loan Association in
spection fund- .;.:...'.. 19161
San irancisco depot fund 607,125 00 j
OVERDUE AT VICTORIA
The Steam Schooner Mischief
Believed to Have Gone
Down.
It Started on a Short Trip Down the
Islatd Coast Four Weeks
Ago.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 3.— Local navi
gators have given up as lost the steam
schooner Mischief, Captain H. R. Foote,
which started from here on a trip down
the west coast of Vancouver Island nearly
four weeks ago. Under ordinary circum
stances the steamer should have returned
within ten da.vs at least. Walker, the
owner of the vessel, cannot account for the
delay, but expresses the opinion that she
is storm-bound somewhere along the
I northern coast of the island.
He was considerably disconcerted yes
terday when no report came of the
schooner, for, so fur as known, the past
few days have been sufficiently mild to" al
low her to reach Victoria from the most
northern end of the island.
The -Mischief left here carrying a heavy
cargo and several passengersfor coast set
tlements. Her moat northern port of call
was Anatsmo So and, and it is between this
place and Chucklcsett that she was last re
ported. At the latter place she secured
forty Indians for sealing schooners here,
who, after waiting in vain nine days for
her return, took passage in the Maude, ar
riving here Monday night.
Those aboard the Maude say frankly
that they believe that the steamer has
trone down with all on board in one of the
inuurnerable gales of recent weeks.
VICTORIA SHAKE*.
liuildings in the Xorthern City Rocktd by
a Temblor,
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 3.-A severe
shocK of earthquake was felt here to-night
at 10:20 o'clock. Many citizens in the
public oflices, believing the shock to be
produced by the falling in of some large
roof, or like cause, hurried to the streets.
Those who had before experienced .'in
earthquake shock, however, realized the
situation at once from the peculiar move
ment of the earth and the general iarrin<*
of structures. ' °
SANTA CRUZ FATALITY.
A Ycung Woman Struck and Instantly Killed
by a Rock Thrown Up by a
Blast.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 3.— Miss
Louise Helena Santiago, a (laughter of
Santiago, an Indian well known through
out Southern California, and the only sur
viving daughter of a very large family, lost
her life in a peculiar manner this after
noon.
The young woman lived with her only
brother, Juan Santiago, in a small house
near the banks of the San Lorenzo River.
This afternoon a gang of men were blast
ing stumps out of the river bottom. Miss
Santiago eras standing In the doorway of
ii ■■- home when a rock, thrown by the
of the explosion, struck her in the
center of the forehead, snlittinir her skull
open and causing instant death.
The funeral of the unfortunate girl will
take place to-morrow, and the Coroner will
hold an inquest on Monday.
A Trnrrr Jloy Fatally Hurtled.
TRaVER, Cal.. Jan. 3. -A little son of
J. M. Clark, a largo rancher of Traver,
dir>d this morning from burns received
while ploying near a bonfire on New
Year's day.
THE SAN FB AS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
LOS ANGELES STEAL.
Prominent Real-Estate Men
Are Accused of Swin
dling.
CHARGES OF A PATRON.
Claims They Sold His Property
and Appropriated the
Proceeds.
HE HAS SUED TO RECOVER.
Worthless Lots in a Wisconsin Town
All That He Received for His
Realty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan 3.— lt is a
tale of woe that A. W. Eames tells in a
j fourteen -page complaint which he tiled
this morning against George H. Green, It.
M. Todd and others in the Superior Court.
Eames states that last summer he was
j the owner of a three-story building on
j Main street, running back to Alameda
i street, and it was worth $10,000. He had
j it mortgaped to a bank for $5090, and there
; was nearly $500 interest due. The bank
| was pressing him for the money and he
i could not pay it. Green & Todd were in
I the real estate business, and he went to
them in his troubles.
They proposed that he should deed the
property to Green, and they would pay
I him $100 to meet immediate needs, take
| care of the mortgage and interest, then
( sell the property and give the plaintiff
half of what was realized above the mort
gage and interest. This was done.
Presently it came to pass that Green
wanted Eames to make a quitclaim deed
to the Crescent Milling Company, and he
did it without consideration. After that
Green <fc Todd told him that they
had sold the property to the Cres
! cent Milling Company, and had got
l $250 worth of their capital stock
i and ten lots in what they called the
i city of Superior, Douglass County, Wis.,
| Green told Eames that they were about
|to trade these lots for a* ranch near
| Ferris.
The lots, he said, were worth $100 each,
and if be did not trade them within a cer
; tain time they would give him $400 for
; his s*»are of the lots. Meanwhile they
would deed him the lots as securit}'. This
was done also.
Then, in order to have an easy wav of
I binding the $250 worth of capital stock,
! they offered Eames $100 cash for his in
| terest, which he accepted, so that what
Eames got for his equity of redemption
was $200 in cash and the lots in the city of
Superior.
It turned out, so the complaint says,
that Todd & Green received $730 cash and
; $10,000 worth of stock in the nulling com
pany for the property. The milling com.
pany was willing to pay $8750 for the prop
erty, nnd $:->.uOO of this sum was paid in
stock, which was divided between Green
and Todd. The ten lots in Superior were
not in the milling company's consideration
at all. They come from Green & Todii,
and were wholly worthless. Eames wants
his contract with Green <fc Todd canceled,
the property sold, the mortgage paid and
him to get the balance.
♦
COMI'EIIXG WITH JTALX,
European Shipments Cut Down the Price
of California Oranges.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 3.— More
than 1000 carloads of ormges have beeji
shipped out of Southern California this
season, up to date, and the big movement
of the fruit continues. It is estimated that
fully fifty carloads are now being shipped
out daily.
At the Southern California Fruit Ex
change it was learned this morning that
.'500,000 boxes of oranges are ou the way to
New York from Italy, and will arrive in a
few days. It is thought this wholesale im
portation of the fruit will have the effect
of causing a considerable falling off in the
demand for Southe.rn California oranges.
BOARDIJSG-HOVSE BLAZE.
Guests Engage in a I h-rly Scramble to
Jteaeh the Street.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 3.— A defect
ive ilue in the kitchen caused v disastrous
fire at the Livingston, a swell boarding
house at 636 South Hill street, at an early
hour this morning. The house was kept
by a Mrs. Mappa.
The fire was not noted until the blaze
had gained considerable headway, and
then there was a panic in the boarding
house. The seventy or eighty guests all
decided to get out of the house at once.
First, though, they threw their trunks and
wearing apparel into the street. The result
was that their belongings were badly dam
aged. The fire department soon had the
flames under control. Tlie loss was about
12500, half covered by insurance.
yew Electric Light System.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 3. -The Gen
eral Electric Company of New York will
within thirty days commence work on the
$500,000 plant it is to establish in this city.
In the thickly settled portions of the city
the company will put its wires under
ground. In the suburbs they will be
strung on poles. The plant will have a
capacity of 50,000 incandescent lights and
500 arc lights.
EVENTS AT SAN JOSE
Catherine Volkman's Husband
Abused Her and She
Wants a Divorce.
The Justice Dwyer Impeachment Case
Argued— Zion Church Pastors
in Session.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— Catherine
Volkman has commenced suit for a divorce
against Martin Volkman on the ground of
extreme cruelty. They wre married in
San Francisco in August, 1874.
In her complaint the wife alleges that on
frequent occasions her husband twisted
her neck and in other ways abused her.
There is community property valued at
$900, and the plaintiff asks that it be given
to her. She also wants the custody of
their two children, aged 10 and 4 years
respectively, and $l>s per month alimony.
JPA STO R8 J-V S £SSI UK.
Conference of the African Methodist IZpis-
copal Zion Church.
SAN JOSE, C\l., Jan. 3.-The annual
conference of the African Methodist Epis
copal Zion church is in session in this
city. Bishop A. Walters of New York is
presiding and Rev. George Jackson is act
ing as secretary. The following ministers
are present: Rev. 11. Vernon, Portland,
Or.; Rev. E. H. Brown, Paso Robles; Rev.
A. Anderson, Los Angeles: Rev. W. A.
\\arner, Fresno: Rev. N. W. Rice. Hol-
Uster; Rev. J. B. Meaeheni. Coffeyvilic.
Miss., and Rev. Dennis White, San Jose.
The conference will be in session until
to-morrow night.
ovstjci: nwxEivs case.
Judges Reynolds and /.origan Hear the
Concluding 'Arguments.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— Tne impeach
ment proceedings instituted by W. L.
Frost against \Y. 11. Dwyer, Justice of the
Peace of San Jose Township, came up for
hearing before Judges Reynolds and Lori
gan this afternoon. Several witnesses
were examined, among them the plaintiff,
but nothing new was developed.
The case was argued and submitted. A
decision will be rendered next Friday.
Bunaxeay Hoys Captured.
SAN JOSE, CAI*, Jan. 3.— John Kelly
and Thomas Kelley, runaway buys from
San Francisco, were arrested last night.
The lads are aged 11 ana 13 years, re
spectively, and say that until nine months
apo they were inmates of an orphan
asylum in San Rafael, out made their
escape. They will be held until their
story can be investigated.
Found (iuilty of Jiurglary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— The case of
Samuel Francis, charged with robbing the
residence of H. V. Morehouse in this city
in October last, was given to the jury this
morning. No testimony was offered by
the defense. After a few minutes' delibera
tion, a verdict of guilty of burglary in the
second degree was rendered. Sentence
will be imposed Tuesday morning.
Edward Jt.irron's Claims.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., Jan. 3.— The hearing
of the petition of Edward Andrew Barren,
the mulatto boy, for a distribution and
share of the estate of Edward Barron. the
deceased millionaire, was set for trial on
January 5 by Judge Reynolds tins
morning.
FRESNO'S CITRUS FAIR
A Winter Exhibit of Fruits
Opened in the Valley
County.
Magnificent Displays of California
Products Arranged in Unique
Designs.
FRESNO, Cai.., Jan. 3.— The Fresno
County Citrus Fair opened most auspic
iously this evening at 7 o'clock, when it
was given over to the public. This is the
first citrus fair ever held in Fresno, and
naturally there was somewhat of a crush
when the doors of Armory Hail, in which
the fair is held, were thrown open.
The scene that greeted the visitor was a
truly brilliant one. Many and varied ex
hibits of fruit, tastily arranged and liberally
decorated with foliage and pot plants,
were effectively brought out in the glare
of arc and incandescent electric lights,
which were well supplied throughout the
spacious hall.
The display is considerably larger than
was anticipated and consequently the hall
is somewhat crowded. The exhibits,
which consist chiefly of oraneres, are in
many ca^es of very artistic designs. The
fruit, considering the lateness of the sea
son, is of good quality. Navels are the
predominant variety. There are several
good exhibits of lemons, limes und pome
los.
The fair, to say the least, does the
country and her live citizens much credit.
One fact is clearly demonstrated and that
is that Fresno County well in a few years
be as well known for her citrus fruits as
for her raisins at present. Citrus fruits
find a most luxuriant home in the thermal
belt of the county, which is located in the
Eastern part at the lower portion of toe
foothill region.
For three hours crowds wandered
through the maze of exhibits, and on
every hand was expressed satisfaction,
and even wonder, at the exhibits. The
displays of George C. Rooding and F. G.
Berry, both extensive citrua fruit growers
in the county, attracted considerable at
tention. Berry's exhibit occupies the
center of the hall, and is circular in shape.
Itoeding's exhibit is semi-pyramidal, being
built against the north wall of the hall.
Oranges, lemons, limes and pomelos are
neatly stowed in among a profusion of
palms and other pot pip, nts.
One feature of the ,air is "Rebekah at
the Well' in the center of P. G. Berry's
exhibit serving lemonade. The proceeds
go toward the support of the county
orphanage. Miss Lizzie Thorne officiated
as Rebekah.
It was at first the intention to close the
fair to-morrow night, but the managers
have been so encouraged that it is thought
it will continue until Monday night at
least. A Jiteraiy and musical programme
is provided for each evening, Professor D.
T. Fowler delivering an extended address
this evening on "Olive Culture In Fresno
County."
WOOL- Gil O JtEJtS' KXCHAyGtS.
The Shftp Jie»i of Calaverat, Stanislaus
and San Joaqxiin Have Combined,
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 3.-A Wool
growers' Exchange is to be established in
Stockton. On the 9th inst. all the wool
prowers of Calavoras, Stanislaus and San
Joaqnin counties will assemble here for
the purpose of organizing, and thereafter
on special days will hoid auction sales
here.
The wool men of Tehama and Mendo
cino counties have formed a similar or
ganization and hold auction sales regu
larly at Red Bluff.
Last week the wool men of Calaveras
County met at Milton and decided on
forming an exchange, with headquarters
in this city. They notified a number of
their associates in business who are rais
ing sheep In this county, ana Jacob
Klempp of this city was delegated to
make preparations for the meeting. The
meeting will be held on June 9 in the new
Pioneer Hall.
Itrou-ned JS'ear San Mateo.
REDWOOD CITY, Cai,., Jan. 3. —Percy
Lattin and one other boy, name unknown,
both from Alvarado, are reported to have
been drowned yesterday near Ban Mateo.
They were in a small boat and on the re
turn trip to Alvarado.
Fate of a Sprague Murderer.
SPRAGUE, Wash, Jan. 3.— W. H.
Byrnes, the convicted murderer of Sheriff
Coulee of Sprague, was to-day sentenced
to nineteen years at hard labor.
"The Melancholy l>ays Have Cotne
The saddest of the year," not when autumn hns
arrived, as pool Bryant inUmates, but when a fel
low ges bilious. The "sere and yellow leaf" is in
hiscoruplexfon if pot in the foliage at tliut inaus
picious lime. Hostettr-r's rHcmaeh Bitters will
soon discipline his rebellious liver, and regulate his
bowsls, besides ton:ug his stomach and healthfully
stimulntinc b>| kidneys. Malaria, rheumatism
and nervousness are also relieved by the Bitters.
SAVANTS DOING POLITICS
Wire-Pulling in the Academy
of Sciences Over Their
Election.
TRYING TO DOWN HARKNESS.
Colonel Fred Crocker and the Railroad
People Join the Opposition
Forces.
The war in the Academy of Sciences
over this year's election, which takes
place on Monday, promises to be much
more bitter than even that of last year,
when the Harkness forces far outnum
bered the opposition. Now the opposition
is supported by many who have hereto
fore been with the veteran president.
Even Colonel Fred Crocker and all the
railroad men are not only not supporting
him but, are doing pood yeoman service
for Molera, who has been put up against
him. Charges and counter-charges are
bein^ made.
The ticket put up by the opposition is
the same as that put up by the old-timers,
except four names.
For corresponding secretary J. OB.
Gunn was put up against Theodore Hittell,
Charles A. Keeler for librarian instead of
Carlos Trover, E. J. Molera for trustee
instead of Dr. Harkness, and 11. H. Behr
for second vice-president. For the other
offices the candidates on both tickets are:
President, David Starr Jordan ; first vice
president, William E. Ritter; recording
secretary, G. V. Kixford; treasurer, Lucius
H. Foote; director of museum, .1. L.
Davis; trustees, \V. C. Burnett, W. B.
Chapman, Charles F. Crocker, W. S.
Keyes. George C. Perkins and G. W.
Stewart.
The principal fijrht ig being; wnged on
Dr. iiarkness and Theodore Hitteli by the
opposition. Against Dr. Harkness is being
told the old, old story of Palo Alto's bones.
Tliey say that when the late Senator Stan
ford presented the skeleton of the King of
the Turf to the academy they were turned
over to an incompetent man to boil, and
when he ruined them a search was made
of the equine boneyards for other bones to
put in their place. Then that good old
story about Dr. liarkness' Homo Nevaden
sis is duain brought out to do service.
Last Wednesday evening a meeting of
members of the opposition was held, at
tended by Professor Davidson, Colonel
Fred Crocker, Louis Sloss, Professor 0. B.
Christie, W. G. W. Harford, E. J. Molera,
Walter E. Bryant, Captain I. E.
Thayer, H. E. Matthews, Dr. Behr, John
Dnibeer. W. S. Chapman, E. F. Lonuiii,
"William F. Xolte, G. P. Rixford, Louis
Gersile and others. The four nominations
named were made and a committee np
pointed to draw up a manifesto. The fol
lowing was the result of their s work:
When the Academy of Sciences moved into
the palace provided by the munificence of
James Lick it was promised, and naturally ox
pei-tcd, that its membership would be* in
creased, so that the bphere of its work would
be extended and made more thorough along
all the lines of scientific research.
Bat all promises have been broken. In ISB9
there were 258 members on the roll and to-day
there are but l'.»8, while the number of active
scientific member* has decreased in c much
greater ratio. Of the 10* ninety-eight are life
members, and of the 100 contributing mem
bers thirty-two have had their dues remitted
by the council.
The publications of the academy have not
been creditable to a scientific organization
with the income and opportunities of thisso
ciety, and some of the papers have been con
tributed by nori-inembers. In the last eight
years the president of the academy has himself
presented but one paper.
Furthermore, the work accomplished has
been upon very narrow lines. The exact au<i
applied Bclepces, mathematics, astronomy,
paysiCß, chemistry and engineering have to all
practical intents been ignored.
Among the many causes that have contrib
uted to these results, tue following may be
mentioned :
The head of the council has caused scientific
men oi r. jute to be blackballed because they
were suspected to be not in sympathy with
tne present administration. Other .sciemilic
workers, who formerly contributed valuable
papers have either withdrawn altogether from
membership, or have ceased to take any inter
est in the academy.
Owing to a system of patronage, the power
of remitting dues and giving life memberships,
and the appointing of the nominating com
mittee by the officers themselves, they have
succeeded in perpetuating their rule, aiid this
evil hns become chronic.
Political method* have been introduced, and
personal solicitation end intimidation have
been resorted to in order to carry the elections,
and in short, the academy has become a close
corporation.
\\ h'"ii these conditions have been pointed
out to the president of the academy he has
year after year announced his intention to
withdraw Irom oflice in order that a change of
policy might be made. .Notv that he has
withdrawn as a candidate for the presidency
he seeks to become a member of the board of
trustees in order that he may Continue to
control the policy of the academy.
To prevent this state of affairs in future this
committee recommends the adoption of the
policy followed by the most Buccessiul scien
lilic bodies In this and foreign countries,
namely, the office of president shall be given
year by year to men distinguished in the dif
ferent branches of science.
This committee has wholly end solely the
Kood of this acßdemy at heart, and in order to
raise its efficiency to the high and broad
standard which it should maintain submits
the inclosed ticket for your serious considera
tion and for your active support at the annual
election for officers, to be held on Monday Jan
uary 6, 189 G. Respectfully.
Louis Sloss,
George Davidson,
Chablbs F. Crocker,
b. B. Christy.
For a long time Dr. Harkness has
claimed the support of Colonel Crocker
and tho railroad peopie in the academy
and most of the capitalists. But Colonel
Crocker at Wednesdays meeting was one
of the most outspoken against him, and
said that for years the doctor had prom
ised to withdraw from the presidency, and
each time after being put up had said
that he could not control the nominating
committee.
Professor Davidson, who was the candi
date against Dr. Harkness last year, said
last evening: 'We think that we are
going to beat them. The scientific status
of the academy has sunk down in the
estimation of people in the East and
Europe. The work has got into narrow
grooves. They ljave entirely left out the
exact sciences. They have to appeal to
non-members for material and some of it
is very poor.
"A map was lately published giving the
rainfall In Lower California, which is sim
ply a made-up thing without any data.
"We propose, if w* get in, to broaden
the drift of research and to see that
it is all done in a scientific manner.
We propose to «>e that the cabinets aro ar
rayed in scientific order and not simply for
beauty. We propose that the papers read
shall be the results of scientilic investiga
tion, and will command the attendance^
members and the public to the meetings."
As to Mr. llittell, the regular candidate
for corresponding secretary, Professor
Davidson said : "We consider that Hittell
holds Harknea3 between his thumb and
forefinger and plays upon his weaknesses
and vanities, and is going to try to run the
whole institute."
I'JfO-VJLVii-.Yr TUni'MEX MEET.
Some Secreta of Onklcy and Zatonia
JirvcaU'd.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 3. -A score or
more of the most prominent turfmen of
the West met at the St. Nicholas at noon
to-day as the sequel to the recent con
ference of horse-owners nt Lexington.
Richard Croker, the ex-chieftain of Tam
many, was a prominent listener.
Among the horse-owners present were
Catesby Woodford ol Paris, K>\, Pat
Dunne of Chicago, Eugene Leigh, Milton
xoung, \\. G. Barnes and Byron McClel- ,
land of Lexington, Hiram Scriggin of
Louisville, Mark Simon ton, Colonel W. E.
Applegate, George R. Griffiths, Aleck La
bold and E. C. ifopper of Cincinnati.
To the horse-owners' demand for larger
purses and the abolition of guaranteed
stakes, an emphatic negative was given. In
behalf of the track-owners, some Oakley
and Latonia secrets wore revealed, it was
alleged that it- cost $50,000, equally divided,
to run these tracks.
Fifty per cent of the attendance, it was
affirmed, was made up of deadheads.
Hundreds of horses unlit for racing were
given stable room. Purses had not de
teriorated in proportion to the price of
yearlings. Some of the alleged stake
horses entered were out of their element.
They were buggy hordes and belonged in
the delivery-wagon Stakes. At least that
was Oakley's experience.
Colonel Applcgate tossed a bombshell
into camp by offering to sell his stock, and
Colonel Barnes waved a red flag in front of
the association and served notice that un
less the tracks came to time the Horse
owners' Association would virtually boy
cott them.
OF INTEREST TU WHEELMEX.
Weekly iivlletln of the. L. A. H". Raring
Hoard.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 3.— The fol
owing is the weekly bulletin issued by
the L. A. W. :
Declared professional*— C. D. Kramer, Dcs
Moines, Fa., ander clause A; Thomas McAleer,
Loa Angeles, Cal., under clause F.
Suspension raised— Suspension placed on
Wentworth Steel, Kirkvood, Mo., has been re
duced to expire January 1, 18!>G.
Snapendea— Charles W. Rogers, Hiawatha,
Kaus., for ninety days.
Transferred to Class B— Canby Hewitt, Los
Angeles, under clause D; \V. A. Taylor, Lvs
Angeles, Cal., under clause D.
Records accepted— One mile professional,
onpaced, flying start, apaiust time, by W. C.
sanßer, Denver, 2:00 '2-5, November 16th.
One-third of a mile, clasa A, anpaced, stand
ing Btaxt — Competition by George I'aeker Jr. of
Denver; 43 sec. ; July 13.
Banctions grunted— December 23-20, Tucson
L. A. W. i lib, Tuc -i !i. Aviz.
January 1, 1896, Phoenix City Railway Com
pany, I'll" nix. Ariz.
December 21, Orange Wheelmen, Panta Ana,
Cal.
February 22, 1896, Peerless Cyclers, AVood
land,Cal.
Ittttt* Against Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 3.— The Butte
giants arrived to night from Portland and
will play a football game to-morrow at the
Y. M. C. A. Park with the Seattle 'Atliletie
Ciul.i's eelven.
SAN DIEGO GUARD ROW
Militiamen of Company A Re
fuse to Consolidate With
Company B.
They Are Working to Secure Recog-
nition as an Independent
Organization.
SAX DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 3.— The con
solidation of Companies B and A of the
Ninth Regiment, N. G. C, as an accom
plished fact seems yet to be somewhat in
the future, and there are excellent pros
pects for a bitter fight. Theoretically,
Company A no longer exists, inasmuch as
official orders were received from the ad
jutant-general of the Stute.'sorue time ago,
ordering Company A to be absorbed into
Company B, the new company to be
known as Company B of the Seventh Regi
ment, with the same officers as those of
Company B of the Ninth.
But it appears that Company A does not
care to disband, and for that reason fric
tion lias ensued.
After receiving the order? the first move
made by Captain R. V. Dod te of the new
company was to write a letter to Uaptain
Bpileman of the disbanded company, mak
iiitr him a formal request for the property
of Ins company.
A repiy to this note has never been ic
ceived, and it is now reported that he and
his father. Colonel Spileman, who was
formerly commander of the Ninth Regi
ment, are now ana have been for some
time in correspondence with high oUieials
in Sao Francisco and Sacramento in an
effort to have the members of Company A
reorganized into an independent company
with the old officers.
The result of this correspondence has
not been learned, tmi it is not believed that
the move of the Spilemans will be success
ful.
On the other hand, the members of Com
pany A protest vigorously against consoli
dating with Company B, and insist on
maintaining their "organization. Cap
tain Dodge of Company B has referred the
whole matter to Brigadier-General Last of
Los Angeles.
TO HFE IMrKISOXMEXT.
Sentence of a Mn?i Convicted of Wreck
ing a Train.
LINCOLN, Neisr.. Jan. 3.— Judge Holmes
to-day sentenced George W. Davis to the
penitentiary for life. Davis was convicted
recently of wrecking a Kock Island passen
ger train near Lincoln, whereby eleven
lives were lost. His attorneys made a
hard light for a new trial, alleging irregu
larities in the tnal, among which were
unsustained charges of jury bribing.
Judge Holmes overruled all their motions
and passed sentence. Davis protests his
innocence and the case may go to the
Supreme Court on appeal.
A Totcn Reduced to Ashes.
ST. HYACINTHA, Qiebec, Jan. 3. -A
fire in Drummondviile, Quebec, to-day
destroyed the greater parr of the town.
NEW TO-DAY.
Brain Workers
pronounce
TUB IDEAI. TONIC
Unequaled by anything in
Fortifying, Strengthening
and Refreshing
Body and Brain
Mailed Free.
j Descriptive Book with Testimony and :
Portraits
OF NOTED CELFBRITIES. •
Beneficial and Ayreenble.
Every Test Proves Reputation.
AfOlti Substitutions. Ask for 4 VinXarianU*
At Druggists and Fancy Grocßtt.
MARIAN! & CO.,
I BEFORE *no AFTER
01 CO PIDESE "trengthens anrt rMtor^m^n » ary v onfan8 of »" lm l««rtUe3. • *
«* A written punrontee r iven ana raonoy rek™Sn/.£^ re wll , hou * tt » or»--ration. SOf^O t^tlmont
•1.00 a 1,,, ,i x f..r tW.lVM^&Wr™*^^
Addres, DATOI MKDICI^'I3 CO., 632 Ma ot B.re.t, S nn Francisco. Cal. For by
bl.uui.V .I'liAKilXc*, 119 fow«U»tre»t
it
1X 11 ' "»
It is the waste that you must stop. When you
Snd your nerves becoming weaker and weakci
; day by day, when you Snd your jarring nerv<
1 do not respond to the exigencies of time o:
Dlnce, it is then time for you to use a reruody
ihat will make you a really Strong man. Hcd-
yan will do it. Use the great Hudyau for Con-
stipation, Nervous disorders. Liver and Kklney
troubles, ana have yoarself restored.
Send for FREE Circulars and
Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
; TAINTED ISLOOU- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriad* o{
lore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
f>impies, copper-colored tpotaj ulcers in mouth,
old t,ores and railing hair. You can save a trip
(o Hot Springs by writing for "'Blood to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market> and Ellis St«.
LIVEK- your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptomi
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a zood liver regulator,
and thin you should take at once.. You'c&n get
it from us. Write for book on liver trouble*.
"All About tiie Liver," sent free. 4fflfc&3S&
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
I KIDXKY Remedies are now sought for by
: many men, becausa so many men live rapia
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish. to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
■ our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
' thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge . of TCidney»,"
sent free. ' ;
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Eliis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
!
$Q£Jfor4 ROO&tS
V*SK CONSISTING OF
PARLOR,BEDROOM I DWIHIVROOM l KITCHEH
EASY PAYMENTS. .
Tapcslry Brussels, per yard 5O Cenlt
Oi!Cloth,per yard.... *5 Cents
Matting, per yard • 1O Cents
So.id Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 6*5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room CatsloguM M»il'<l Fit*.
<1^- Free Packing and Dellrrrj across the Bf r. • ' • ;
THESIX'CESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIRILL ROOM
OF THK . ' - .
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
! OPEN UJiTIIj MIDNIGHT. : '.
'*«'! .IUC Vflll B«r* Taroat, Pimples, Copper- uel
JgttAVh lUU Colored Bpots, Aches, Old tiores.
jßUlccrs In Menth, Hei>V*Uliig! Writo COOK M ■
aHRESIKZJY CO., 3C7 llaiontc Temple,
JKChScarp. Hi., for rroofi ot cure*. Cupl-
bß*»>. &';>O9^>oq. Worst cases cured in ISC
tg^to g^ day. XOO-pago bonk. fr«;e. Sj
RIGGS HOOSB,
n,.* T he Hotel "Par Kxrelleilce"-.
OJthe Capital. First clay. in »tl ola»-
-, meuts DbWITT, 'I'reai.
American plan, $3 per day , and
upward.
I BHPSK&HBB 0 * ."ALL 1 ! KEI»V!6CrUTOR
f^s \ y?iw t£y lyS »!t I-OSSES In 34 HOCKS. CVRE3
A *sAr3haE*/sv*J" LoST MAMtOOD.Nervjus Debility,
] fwy^ipMi-ffi''' I™'"'1 ™'"'' 11 "'' 1 Emissijnf. Impoj.
iaiil ByjgjMencv. \'.ir, ■.<'•.-. Girrt. l"it»; Kui-
) S, ]j K\j n5 >"'. aaJ *U other Wastiajr Efteca
SS»Tin P m^vfa of nrrort of Youth or h«r«s»e».
r±+~jE HHQ XT SEALED;
B£Cl liiillj Mottles FIVE Hollars.
,',WOT ■I Guaranteed to CUKE *nr case
iilSii«r-if^-tu A.I i riiv \ , Imj, eases quickij
i*TiT«T^T3i^r3 c!:r "'- ii" ■: for men maiied free.
Lbl.Us<i" r*»«in//a//'.s ; Medical la stitnta
MMwt*W« Ai.^JcS6£Rofl &Y. CAJCUHO^CAL.
DON'T PAY
KSCis*^ *^3~Sas^»' lt|(lt wili n w « wiil sell you
' §H? ",'!*"'?\ f Cv^M ' far lKt.rr.oao .ir trom
jYKE?H S tSE'223^ PIERCES. Has currml
j:-, ' 5/ii St^f't 7 fisuiiiioi at»l all ijues: ifu-
rrovt-iueiits. l'amp'^ilet
•U^^V fr >■. Call or address I":
*^ HIKHCE & "N, 70*
ni.-nto s:reet. Sap Kruriclaco. Cul.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T?"EARNY AM' WABHINOTOH 8T&UBB. •
J^ modeled and renovated. KlNii, WAUDjtr 1
turopeau I'linu Uooins 60a to $1 f>o per 4»y 4 J
•otfcperviioek, $8 to *:<« per month: ire» bitbi;
not ana com wator every ruoia; lire atca la ortc#
I com ; elevator iuus all nijutH.W. BOWMAN FORMALLY ENTERS THE ARENA
He Says That Romanism
Is Intolerant and
Bigoted.
ON LIBERTY IN BRAZIL.
Quotes an Account of a Previous
Religious Controversy in
That Land.
FATHER YORKE TO DR. BOVARD.
The Catholic Champion Repudiates the
Theory That His Faith Is Under
Suspicion.
The following communication has been
received by The Cam.:
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Pip.: Will
you i -U the Inclosed an cle from
ilumns of t he St. Louis Pi
iber 19, 1895? It is a complete refuta-
I Priest Vork.'s assert
erty i I he very essi
totry ii'id fl< ■ cution.
I: ■ has never grani -'' r r>
standonapar A mission
ary from Brazil inform* le was once
assaulted by a mob of - because he
did not take off hia :; when
riest went pasi - wafer-rod. If it
bail not been for it company of soldiers he
would lm\. Below I submit
■ oi Romanists
■
The following Ic-tt' r was received December 11
at tli<" other of the secretary of foroisn missions Of
the them Presbyterian church. It waa ritteu
from Uaranmius. Kstado <!e rernnmhuco, Brazil,
by Miss Kliza 31. Kei-rt, a missionary of the
(Southern.' J'rfsbyterian hurch, and is dated Xo
vemb r 5. 1^5:"
deal to -ay and scarcely
know •.. 1 think it was atxim the
17th of < ' Potter met
_• ol presbytery,
c fell BOoie uneasiness
■
i -•■ b i ompany of friars of
I ed there about that time.
>'■■ on a holy mission' : they sro
ip weak churches,
• linued s for a number
new church hn
Ing tins here in Garauhuns. in
the work done they have caltad in
itr> for miles around all the ignorant,
■ from rreat dls
ari sto and wtx <i to the place
c new building is to be • rected. The men
is ■•• then . ..!:.• -l with long, dagger-like
isands,
ts and inr^os or" the city, an ex-
sucn a cro \(l comd be
.. n.oL) Dr. H 'iler bad cause to feel
• had left in
am. He ai • i should tel :ra li
. « ht ii the in me mall <•.•.
"On Monday, the 'JTth of October. I graphed
for t• c iloctnr to return to the city, expectin him
• v the first irain. He did not come, nor did he
send any message. Wednesday 1 i ejran to be
Mimewhat uneasy. Thursday niKht at prayer
meetini; one of the e'ders to <1 me ilia- rumors had
ranched the Ity Wednesday night tha Dr. Butler
hail held a punlic discussion k siii tht» priest of
•nranhuns: t lie pvopie hud risen a^aiiisi Him, an t
that Dr. Jlntu-r was marly killed. The eMer im
mediai tFlexraphed to the doctor, ha< ■■ ■ led all
day. but no answer had come.
. i>v Hit- Qrsi train) one of
lefi >is early l"ri
-. He was to telegraph to us early
• return Saturday night
■ ■ - l .shii;
M r. Johnstone, an
H<- offered ;it one •
.
•r. We waited until midday
ay, boping to hear from oar messenger. No
• "nt with Mr. and Mrs.
■ • ernor. The prom -
•• ' State officers thai we shout.! bave
i r and tiis family .
s] orders '.v.miiu be given
 and tnai a nroi^r guard would
be furnished to take Mr. Mc< all : nd m. toGaran
• tl train. The prom
fully kept, a cgram came. "They
' I ■n.lay."' Jt nus from i.nr
. He was to return batnrday if be was not
jie.- led.
••Sunday morning we left tne city at 8 o'clock,
reaching Dr. Butler's house at half-past S tliat
night. \\'e dismissed the guard at t lie door. Doc
tor was just closing the evenlng servx.*. We had
hardly been s. a c l \\ii>-n the house was stoned,
FOmeof the .-ion. s being larger tlian niy double
lists. i:i a few .minutes soldien appeared, saying
that the offense should not occur again; orders had
been : eel vea from the Governor that we most be
prot> cted.
••We found on friends had been under a reign
of :<-rror for d;iys. rbelr lives were publicly
threatened. As soon as these friars reached the
city they tubl.cly declared they would brea» up
our work bere and drive us from' the city.. For Bye
nights they openly taught th»se poor Ignorant
people that Dr. i.uiier was deceiving the people
anil taking them B raight down to hell- that the
oulv greeting ttey mast give him was two stones
in each band; that our Jiible was false; that doc
tor was an Impostor: thai they defied doctor to
prove his Blble.was rue, finally sending an invi
tation 10 him to prove that our Bible was true.
".Doctor s<-nt word that he would gladly accept
the Invitation with the understanding that:
"1. The discussion must be i>ublic— in the house
of the priest or the judge's olHce. • •;:
'••J. The audience must be from the leading citi
rens of the place; th»- judee. the Sheriff, the Mayor
and city Council must he present, no others.
.-3. Th subject (ontim-d to the Bible.
••The priest s'-i.i word be would accept the con
ditions. The hour was markt-d tor 11 a. m., Tues
day, October H9. Later trord was sent that so
many oi the business men wanted to hear tne dis
cussion that no private house would hold them;
they must have it in the church.
"Doctor hesitated, us he knew trouble mizht
arise; but the citizen who came to escort, him as
sured him that they wi-re in POd faith and prom
ised him full protection. I isl her.- let me say we
believe the oflicer.s of the law and the best citizens
of the city were Innocei of the treason.
"Tuesday at 11 o'cloi Dr. Butler was escorted
to the church by some of the Jeadin;; men of
■the place. Every influential man of the
town was in church waiting for him. One of
the friars met him and a.-,Kt rt what he wanted.
Doctor said he did not wa anything, he had
come by invitation or the priest "to discuss the
truth of our Bible. The frU said, 'Well, no not
jin invitation ' -Then," replied ] )r . Butler. •! will
leave. One of tiie citizei siMiinß up,' -,',,., 'Of
course it is by invitation: we have them printed
ht-re In our •k.-ts' and they shov . i them.
"They began the disi oil Illumed iwol-our'
Oirsnie hfc.i tbered an Ignorant,' excited mob of
alioul .-i.OOiJ p op c, every one of thai soo i armed
the v.oim-11 with hags filled with sicnes, the men
with crcat clubs nd long knives. They were ther«
because Moiiuay night ihe i ries had Ben: word all
through the niry for all «ood Catholics ro ne ai
.the chiin-h October 29, at 11a. M.hs the Protest
ant minister and his jx-ojue were goin: to invade
the church.
"Dr. Hu:lc r requested the juilce to mark the time
givins «-ach one hall an oar at Brat, ih-n ten
m:nutes to reply. 'Jhe priest objected, but was
compelled to conseni. Doctor always uses the
priests'. Bible. He look 1 hat and ore 01 our out]
The friar acknowledged that it was approved by
the Archbishop of Brai i. *
•■> think Dr. Butler realized that it was probably
his last opportunity to preacb the Gospel to ru'-h
an audience; and he did it. Jle combated the con
fevjloo, the primacy 01 i'eter. worabip of images,
purgatory, celibacy of the priesthood, '>•■- da3-s
and the pfrj>etual virgin 113 of Diary. The doctor
stood with .... him. and took his
jjfoolstrom the priests' version, while our Bible
waa compared and found to be the same.
"In the priest's rrplj lie stumbled around, ami
" finally proved thai ■■[).•■ Bible is not the only rule
.' <>! raltbol the Catholic church" (his own words),
! but lucy must obey iii<- tradition of the fathers.
}!•• did no; touch on points presented by Dr. Boiler
till he came to the Virgin Btary. 1!<- men said the
Jlible tnw.-'ht. "the woman should bruise the ser
pent's head." and closed by repeating a piece of
child's poetry at>o -t Uie Vlrrin Deinga virsin be
lore the birlh and after the birth aud forever, and
be ilappe I his hands.
•1. was responded to by a voice within, cryin?,
'Long live our holy religion; down with the
Pro frstants!' In an imtant the. waiting mob out-
Bide Ibed in, their terrible cry of "Kill him:"
rising Joud . nd clear through the city, uneof iiie
Midit nee. a citizen, brother of the Htattoti agent,
:iii.;f<i ■> i<i.vnl at Dr. J i 1 1 1 1 >- r. It was struck aside
■ by is notner true citizen (not h Christian) who said,
. '. o, you hi 1 die, Dr. Butler never!' Immedi
• ately officers of the city, ttje best citizens and
our ten Christian men. closed around Dr. Jiut.er
They, pot him safely to the Sheriff* bouse and
guarded him until the mob was quieted. Lateron
in the <-v<-nln« they brought 51m home and sta
iioned s miard of so diera here to protect him and
fcis familj-.
"The \hol- city is talking of. the Discussion;
•some who wereindifferenl until now are sludyin«c
their Bibles "si-i-if these things are true. Allot
the citizens who heard tnc tltacutMon declare ere
vas only on* side to it: that the priest in do way
utiswered i.n ar^umtnt of J>r. Butler's, and are
chagrined thai the priest could do nothiu;; but
blunder out, -the JJlble is do) t i.c only rule of faitn
01 the ttoman hotic church. 1 "
Miss Heed's story conclude* with at account of
: the public burning a rew days after of all ihe Bibles
and I roi?siiini books that could be found, by order
Of theprjes'. . Miss Keed concludes:
"it Was 1 e'es^ary to have the soldiers at our aoor
again that night. During tlio service throe mfn
came toward us armed with long knives. They
were promptly arrested, and the knives taken
from them. Later on in th" evening flfty-flve nun
were nrrested for disorderly ••in!;i i, ;nl <-;i'-h
man of them had to give up to the poitce a g eat
knif.
"Excepting that Snnday night and the Bionday
foUoA'lngVwnen the soldiers were presewl as our
guard, we were stoned every single niglu while I
was i li.-rr general i.i In the early evening, bu: sev;
eral times, for id'eount, the Ktones came cnisli
iiiffon us after midnight: and twice In broad day
liifhl single stones were liurl< 't agatns: the window.
The ron isfuUol great boles; letting the hot sun
beams tn oa us, or the rain to pour in; whichever
it may be.
"Ori Fndav nislit a grout stone came crashing in,
jus» missing the head of little nve-year-o!d
Humphrey JJutler. I am sorry to send you so
much oi the dink side, vet 1 think it best that
Christian workers should know something of our
danger, that they may the better know our need
of their prayers."
Mr Editor, with your consent, we would
like to ask Priest Vorke the following ques
tions:
I-::.- [f Rome favors religious liberty, why
doe< she anathematize and excommunicate,
hound and persecute all of her minions who
dare think for themselves?
Second— If Home believes in free speech, why
do her most devoted adherents mob the speak
ers who dare show up her treachery and de
ceit?
Third— lf Rome only maintains political
principles that are in harmony with those of
the country, why does she work in secret to
promulgate them?
Fourth— lf Rome docs not hold and teach the
doctrine of the temporal power of the Pope,
when did Bhe give up the belief? What l'O]>e
has nonnced it? \\ hat council repudiated
it? 11. \Y. Bowman.
FATHER YORKE REPLIES.
He Continues His Analysis of Dr. Bovard's
Arraignment.
The following letter to The Call is self
explanatory :
January 3, iSfl(s.
To the Editor of the CaU Deae 'Sir: As I
stated in my last letter Dr. Bovard's commu
nication consisted of two parts, one dealing
with certain theological propositions and the
other giving a dozen reasons "why Ronnu.
Catholicism is under suspicion in America."
The first part is designed as an answer to my
refutation o? his claim thattne Bible should be
introduced as a standard of morals into the
public schools. The arfrnments which 1 ur^eil
against him fell under two beads. 1. The
schools are open to the children of all tax
payets. We have no rrght to force the New
Testiinent on the children of Jews, or any part
of the Bible on the children of atheists or
nothingarians. 2. Xon-seetarinn Bible read
ing is an impossibility. In the lim place
Protestants deny the non-sectarian character
oi the Bible by interpreting It through creeds
and by enforcing lnis|,intcrpretation on the
members of the churchs. In the second place
the Bible is not a text-book of morals, and if
read without note or comment would produce
ideasof duty which might be more startling
than edifying.
In answer to my first argument Dr. Rovard
claimed ill that the American Government
was Christian. How unfounded is this claim
I showed in my letter oi yesterday. i
In answer to my second argument he holds
; (2) that all the sects formed but one church.
iS) That the Protestant creeds do not bind the
conscience. (4) That trials for heresy do not
affect the moral status of the individual tried.
(5) That under the Protestant banner every
! man is his own priest. (<>) That the Protestant
I idea of the Bible is that it contains all things
necessary to salvation. (7) That the morals of
. the patriarchs can have no influence on young
Ainer. ■
V- sti rday I showed f2) that the theory which
would make »li the sect - ■ ■
kingdom of truth contradicts the very notion
of truth and [3) that creeds In Protestant
churches are statements of belief which limit
ent just as much as creeds in the
:n church. To-day i intend to continue
my examination of his other arguments, and,
if space will permit, projcee i to a consideration
of the reasons he urges to justify suspicion of
Roman Catholicism in America.
! [ adduced the fact that members of the
■Hiit churches an- tried for heresy ns a.
proof i hat in practic ■ these churches interfere
with the ru-lu of private judgment
tually as does the Catholic church. .Mr. Bovard
When a Protestant desires to withdraw from one
of the denominations he It »: llb^rij to do so, and
Dears with him the good W ju of all. ' li- chinica as
be Dleases both before and :irt<T. "1 1 1 • - Protestant
church sinuily asks the candidate for rnemtx rah p
ii he is acting freely, H be ace pta the statements
in faith as biblical. The privati Judgment
lately supreme. The Protestant church claims no
|.<iw. rto change the morn: stains ot any one. The
trial and exclusion of a person from a Protestant
church has nothing 10 do with his personal relation
■.'■'■'■!.
sfou wil 1 remark, Mr. Kditor, that there was
or in my argument which dealt either
with the voluntary withdrawal of a member
from ono of the denominations or which con-
I !.i~ standing before God. My ar^ru
-lUV.-IU was that if private judgment is the rule
th.no man, or no body of men, has the
right to charge any one with heresy. Heresy
■ originally to "pick and choosi
means a choice of doctrines. It is the Greek
for private judgment, [f God has left the pri
vate judgment absolutely supreme Is it not im
to call any doctrine heretical or false?
it, in the exercise of bis private judgment, a
Mormon follows the example of the patriarchs
or a Presbyterian believes that prelacy Is i n-
BcripturaJ, why try him for heresy? If a Metho
dist comes to the conclusion by private judg
ment that the Catholic church is the church
of Christ, why cover him with reprobation.
Private judgment has no limits hut the limits
of reason, and every attempt to cramp ;t with
creeds contradicts the theory.
As to the frame of mind with which Protes
tants behold their members have any com
munion of course 1 can give no opinion.
Human nature is much the ■■mne in all aenom
aatlons and Ido not suppose that the I--- of
members is looked upon exactly as a blessing.
The "moral status" may not Df" changed, but I
remark that the Methodists appear to have
very small hopes of those who leave them. I
quote from a little book called "The Doctrines
and Discipline of Methodist Episcopal Church.
New York: 1856." In chapter 11. section 1,
the rules to be observed by Methodists are
given. Among them we i,iid a prohibition
against "uncharitable or unprofitable conver
sation, particularly speaking evil of magis
trates oi of ministers' ; "the putting on of
gold or costly apparel"; "the singing those
aongsor reading those books which do not
tend to the knowledge or love of <;od."
Wo also read that the brethren are expected
to "evidence their desire of salvation by
doing good, especially to them that are of the
household of faith, or groaning so to be, em
ploying them preferably toothers, buying one
of another, helping each other In business
and so much the more because the world will
love its own and them only." Now if any
member docs not observe these rules the dis
cipline goes on to say: "We will admonish
liljn of the error of his way-. We w:.l bear
with him for a season. Jsut if then he repent
not he hath no more place among us. We have
delivered our own souls." Of course this may
be «; way of uylng that the offender "bears
with him the good will of all," but it is a very
queer style of expression.
in chapter X. section 2, we find this ques
tion: "What shall be done with those minis
ters or preachers Who hold and disseminate,
publicly or privately, doctrines which are con
irp.ry to our articles of religion !
Answer: "Let the same process be observed
as in case of gross Immorality."
In K-ction 4 of the same chapter we read the
following order: "If a member of our church
shall be cleariy convicted of endeavoring to
sow dissensions in any of our societies by in
veighing against either our doctrines or disci
pline, such person so offending shall be lirs;
reproved by tin- senior minister or preacher of
his circuit, mid if he persist in such pernicious
practice be •■liHil be expelled from the church."
i have no doubt that l>r. Bovard would follow
the erring brother with respect and not con
sider his moral status lowered, but I think
amiable sentiments arise from the nat
ural mildness of the Alamedii climate ai.d nor
. ■ provisions of the Methodist discipline.
Mr. Bovard con tin net:
a not anathematize, ciirse ar.<l condemn
to purgatory, because it finds no such nan
the Bible.
I nin very much (surprised to find that Dr.
'<■> that any church curses or con
demns people to purgatory. Barely he cannot
be thinking of that obscene screed from Tris
tram Bhandy. The Catholic Church excom
municates her members just as the Methodist
< hurcli expels them. The effects are precisely
the same in both cases. "As man by baptism
is made n member ol the church in which tin re
Is n communication of all spiritual goods, so by
excommunication he is cast forth from the
cb arch and placed in the position of the heathen
man and the publican, and is deprived accord
ingly ol sacraments, sacrifices sacred offices,
benefices, dignities, ecclesiastical jurisdiction
and power, ecclesiastical sepulture In a wor I,
ol »!! the rights which he bad acquired by bap
tism—until he makes amends and satisfies the
church.' 1
\\ bat astonishes me most of nil is that Dr.
Bovn.nl should as.-ert thai cursing nnd anathe
matizing are not found in the Bible. I am
afraid thai he is neglecting that rule of the
discipline which u-iis i.n,, to have the Jiihle
always open before him. If he will hut turn
to tiie iisth of Deuteronomy he will find ;i
ritual malediction, which for height, depth,
width, comprebentribili ty and copiousness 01
cursing la aneqa&led la any literature. In the
New Testament we read the very expression
anathema, atul St. Paul does not mince words
when he hands the Corinthian bodily over to
the devil. If Dr. Bovard consider* thla non
sense he will find plenty of it i:i the Bible.
I do not think that Dr. iiovard'a answer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1890.
meets my argument. Protestant churches ex
pel members for heresy. Wnen they bad the
power they burnea them. Now to punish a
person for heresy is high treason .against the
right of private judgment. It is a proclama
tion that the interpretation of the Uible
adopted by the particular church is the true
and only tree interpretation, and as such it is
under the Protestant theory an unjustified and
unjustifiable interference with the rights of
opinion.
(5) Dr. ISovard continues:
Under the Protestant, banner every man is his
ow:' priest.
This is another theory of Protestantism
which is contradicted by everyday practice.
Remember I am not arguing "now whether
Ihese things are right or wrong. 1 am but
showing that the theory on which the reform
ers based their belief i'- quietly set aside in
everyday life. This theory is non-sectarian,
beautifully so, l,m it ha- 'not worked. From
the fset that it has not worked 1 am arguing
ihat non-sectarian Bible reading is an irri
descent dream.
Trie Protestant theory says every man is bis
own priest, but the Protestant churches are
weighted down with Bishops, ministers, elders,
deacons, preachers, exhorters, Stewards, lead
ers and all the other titles claimed by the
camp-followers of the gospeL Whatis the use
Oi 'hem if every man is his own priest?
Why does the Methodist discipline give the
administration of Lord's Supper only to elders
if any member is competent to celebrate it?
Why send round ''traveling deacons" to bap
tize and perform the office of matrimony if the
residents of the locality are fully able to
solemnize these ordinances? 1 can understand
the reason for setting aside men to act as
preachers, hut I defy any one toexolainon
the theory that "every man is his own priest"
the practice of confining certain sacramental
or ritual functions to duly ordained members
of a hierarchy. Here again in the Protes
tant, and especially in the Methodist church,
practice contradicts theory.
(6) l'r. Hovard writes:
The Protestant idea of the Bible is simple and
easy to understand. "It contains all things neces
sary ior salvation."
1 am sure the statement seems easy and sim
ple enough, inn the tilth article of religion
lrom which it is quoted is self-contradictory.
I remarked in my lirst letter that there are two
truths which are considered necessary to sal
vation and which are not contained in the
Bible. The f f itr > t i* the truth thm certain books
are Holy Scripture, and the second is that
Sunday is the Sabbath of the New Law.
Neither of these truths is contained in Holy
Scripture, yet a man who would reject, say the
four gospels or the observance of the Lord's
day, would be considered as in the way of sal
vation. Again and In a most glaring way
It itestam theory is contradicted by l'rotest
ant practice.
(7) To offset'my statement that It is very hard
to reconcile the conduct of the Patriarchs
with our ideas of morals Mr. Hovard states:
[t does not claim that all the characters in the
Bible were saints at all times. U does not justify
Abraham. Isaac nor Davla in the Bins they com
mittwi. Protestants «vi mgo bo tar as to denounce
St. Peter for his inclination to dodge a rather plain
proposition.
Catholics do the same, but Mr. Bovard does
not answer my argument. I urn not dealing
now with those actions which the Bible repro
bates or which God punished. 1 am dealing
with those questionable actions which God
seems io bless or to command. Lf the Bible is
to be read in a non-sectarian manner without
note or comment, 1 wonder what young
America will think of that .srmr|. trick by
which Jacob did his brother out of the bless
ing. Even bo Krc:n a genius as Augustine was
compelled to throw ui> li is hands in desj air
and declare, ''It was no: mendacious but mys
terious," which practically surrenders the
whole question.
We will find the prophets doing some very
peculiar things at the command of God, and
Mr. Bovard surely does not forget the attack
which Huzlev made on the immoral nature of
the history of the Gadarene pigs. As a matter
of (act, the Bible is full oi things which are
hard even lor men of mature minds to
cile with elementary moral ideals, and we are
asked to throw this volume at the heads of the
youngster* in the schools, and expect that in
gome mysterious way it will become a text
book "t morals.
Such, Mr. Editor, arc the reasons I offer for
the statement that non-sectarian Bible reading
is im practicable. All the Protestant churchi -
have in practice rejected their theory "f i>ti
vate judgmeni and a free Bible. Tney have
all cone ever to the Catholic practice, and
(■nly produce their theory for controversial
purposes and for state occasions.
i>i course the reason for their nction is
simple. They could not do anything else.
The theory of private judgment is in. religion
what anarchy is in politics. It menus the de
struction of all religious organization and the
reduction of truth to nun' opinion. The great
churchless multitudes tire the tme professors
i>! the right of private judgment. The churches
have held together simply because they have
jr set private judgment aside In favor of
the plain mid common-sense doctrine of the
Catholic church.
Mr. Bovard now plunges into the reasons
why the Catholic church Is under suspicion.
1 have been so very diffuse In my answer to
theological questions that I must defer a ron-
Bideration ol these reasons to another letter.
I suppose 1 should ask pardon for my pro
lixity. However. I cannot say that I have used
words unnecessarily. I wish to explain my
m- dearly as possible and I cannot do
tba t In apophthegms.
There is one point, however, in the second
part of Mr. Bovard's letter which is :
•u'ical and which 1 miulit as well con
sider now and have it off my hands:
The working force of Protestantism is essentially
diiTi-rent from that oi Catholicism. Catholicism
looks upon Christianity l'mm a semi-physical or
mechanical standpoint. Ihe progress or Chris
tianity is a sort ol materialistic infusion and pro
longation ol the Incarnation by means ol transsub
stamiaUon the sacrament. The whole force Of
' i olicism is operated with the Impersonal pre
cision (it a '■drop-a-nlckel-ln-ibe-slot" machine.
You do as you are tolu and tiio result will :■
Protestantism hoi. is that Christianity changes
therein 1 on of God's will 10 man's wili and thai
the transact on Is purely personal and direct; that
each individual baa tho absolute right to appear
Defore Ciod for himself and settle his own .a*.-
that neither ilie devus in the nether region nor all
the saints in the catalogue can hinder DO! afteci
iii:!i in the least.
I must couiess that I do not understand what
Dr. Bovard means by his iir^t paragraph. ]
willsimplj say that access to God is us per
sonal and direct i.>r the Catholic as for the
Protestant Between a man's soul and his
Maker nothing can stand In the wev. By the
"change In the relation of God's will to man's
will," l presume ]>r. Bovard means "justlflea
tion" and "sanctlfleatlon." Let me explain
what Catholics mean by tb< -c- terms, and 1
ttnnk l)r. Bovard win admit that not onlj are
his slurs about "semi-physical" or "mechani
cal" devices unmerited, but thnt Catholic the
ology contemplates a. closer and more personal
relation to God than is providedea for in the
Protestant hypothesis.
in the tir'-t place, then, justification begins
with the {.-race ol Bod, winch touches a sin
ner's heart and calls him to repentance. This
grace flows solely from the love and mercy of
our Father and cannot he merited. Man, of
course, is free to accept this grace or to reject
it. If he accepts it he la disposed or prepared
and adapted for justification. He believes in
tup revelation and promises of God. His heart
is especially Ktontbe truth that a sinner is
justified by God's grace through the redemp
tion which is in Christ Jesus. He begins to
fear the divine justice and to hope in tne
divine mercy. He trusts that <;o.i will be
merciful to him for Christ's sake, and he be
gins to love God as the fountain of all justice
and consequently to hate and detest his sins
This disposition or preparation is followed
by justifioation itself, « bicb justification con
sists not in the mere remission of sins, but In
the sanctfneation and renewal of the inner
man by the voluntary reception of Cod's grace
and gifts by which a man becomes Just Instead
of unjust, a iriend instead of a foe, and m, an
heir according to the hope of eternal life. By
the merit oi the most holy passion through the
holy spirit the charily of God is shed abrohd
in the henrl.s of those who are justified.
This is the description of justification as
given by the Council of Trent. I'm in ordi
nary terms it tells how ft man who is a sinner
becomes a friend of God. The work bcins
with God. Unless he jriveß tho grace the sin
ner cannot turn from his sin. No mechanical
device can save him.
W ben God gives the grace man has to do his
pun. Two things he -remembers; God is just 1
God is merciful. Me knows that of himself he
can do nothing, that he lms no hope of pardon ■
but he knows, too, that Christ has died to save
him, and he hopes that be may share in the
promises. Now, if In thinking over these
things his mind is so inllamed with the love of
God that because of that love he hates and de
testa bissins, then straightway withoul the in
terposition of priest or Bacrament be ia jus ti
ded and made the. friend of God. Every Catho
lic child is taiiKlu this doctrine -that a*n act of
perfect contrition or sincere sorro-.v for sin ex
cited by the pure love of (iod, restores us to
his friendship.
of course such a disposition of soul means
that we are ready to do everything that God
has commanded. If he has chosen to send us
liko the cleansed lepers to the priests we un
bound to go— in fact we are only too willing to
go. if he has commanded that we should
kneel at the feet of his minister and disclose
the stnte of our souls, who are we that we
should question his command? Does this make
bis dealings with us lees direct, less personal?
hi fact, docs it not bring u< closer to him ; that
we know we are fulfilling his ordinance and
trusting in his word. "Whose sins ye shall for
give they are forgiven ; whose sins'ye shall re
iiiiii Hiey are retained."
According to the common Catholic teach
in.; sanUflcaUon or sanctifying grace is the
Indwelling ol the Holy Ghost in our souls in
takes up his abode with us. Our very bodies
become his temples. This is the uncreated
gift; this is the very love of (iod inflaming our
hearts. I cannot conceive of any reunion of
man to God closer or more direct or more per
sonal than this. There is nothing in Protest
antism like it nor like that fulfillment of the
prophecy when we receive Jesus Christ under
the saerament.il veils and he is become Km
manuel—God with us. Yours truly,
P. C. YORKE.
CHINESE AS CITIZENS
Judge Morrow Follows the
Decision of Justice
Field.
THIS WAS A TEST CASE.
It Had Been Brought Up at the
Attorney-General's Sug
gestion.
NOTICE OF AN APPEAL GIVEN.
The Far-Reaching Issue to Be Laid
Before the United States
Supreme Court.
That Chinese born in this country of
parents not in the Chinese diplomatic
service are citizens of the United Stutes,
and may exercise the elective franchise,
and may £o and come whenever and
wherever they please, is the effect of
Tinted States .District Judge Morrow's de
cision of the test case of Wong Kirn Ark.
The case was decided yesterday with an
elaborate opinion that makes interesting
rending.- An appeal has already been
taken to the United States Supreme Court
by I'istrict Attorney Henry 8. Foote. He
pave notice yesterday, and, pending the
final decision by the highest judicial
tribunal in the land, the bond of Wong
Kirn Ark was fixed at $250.
If the Vnitect States Supreme Court
should sustain Judge Morrow it is be
lieved the result will be to admit to the
Wong Kirn Arlc. the Citizen.
[Sketched by a "Call" artiH.]
polls every Mongolian as well as Caucasian
who has been born in this country, whose
parents have not been native born or
naturalized, save tiiat children of parents
connected with the diplomatic service
here of other nations are excluded from
the privilege of citizenship.
The bringing up of this case as a test
case came about in a peculiar manner.
Attorney George I). Collins of this City
had written several articles in the Ameri
can Law Review, and they eventually
drew the attention of the Department of
Justice at Washington to the question of
the citizenship of native-born Chinese in
particular and that of all native-born
children of parents subject to foreign juris
diction in general. The opportunity pre
sented itself of making a test case for the
United States Supreme Court to finally
determine.
Justice Field had already delivered a
Circuit Court opinion, with the concur
rence cf the jurists sitting with him at the
time, and in that opinion he held as Judge
Morrow has held. The Field opinion has
never been quite satisfactory, however,
hut as it hud not been questioned Chinese
have been generally considered to be
American citizens if born here of parents
of ordinary residence, and such have been
lanaed without any further ado upon
their return from a trip to China.
Accordingly Attorney-General Judson
Haimon sent instructions here to Mr.
Foote tn have a test case made of Wong
Kirn Ark. and Mr. Collins was appointed
aniicu;- curke.
All the facts in Wong Kirn Ark's case
were agreed to by the opposing counsel.
He was born Ln this City in l*7-'i ai 7">l
Sacramento street, his parents being Wong
Si Ping, a Dierchant and member of the
firm of Quong Sins; & Co. at that place,
and a woman named Wee Lee. His
parents were admitted and domiciled
under the provisions of the Burlin came
treaty and were not engaged in any diplo
matic Capacity. In 18!W Wong and his
parents went to China and he returned
the same year on the steamer Cache and
was allowed to land on the ground of his
birth. He went again to China in IVM(1 V M(
and last August he returned on the Coptic.
His papers were all straight. On his
fir>t trip tie carried a certificate signed by
Chinese Consul P. A. Bee and bearing the
names, as witnesses, of Mar R. Stevens of
7 Kearny street, F. W. Sanderson of 700
California street, William Fisher of 718
California street, and F. Berna of fil.">
Cough street. On the second trip he car
ried an identification over the signatures
of William Fisher of 1308 Powell street, F.
Berna of iili3 Gough street and L. Selinger
of 932 Powell street.
To make a case it was necessary to first
bare him refused a landing by Collector of
the Port John H. Wise. He" was accord
ingly detained on board one or another
of the Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamers. Then habeas corpus proceed
ings began in October, Hoo Lung Suey, a
friend, being t lie petitioner, ami Naphtaly,
Friedrtcn & Ackefman and Thomas D.
Kiordan acting as his attorneys.
The writ was granted November 11, and
Mr. r'oote intervened for the Government
on the same day, and two days later the
opposing counsel agreed to all 'the facts so
as to have the main question itself of citi
zenship decided.
The position taken by Wong's counsel
was that he was entitled to citizenship
under the constitution of the United
States. On the other hand Mr. Foote coii
tended that the word "jurisdiction' in the
sentence, "all persons born or naturalized
in the United States and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the
United States," meant political and not
merely legal jurisdiction; that the Federal
Supreme Court had already defined the
meaning of the word; that the child as a
matter of course is subject to the same
political jurisdiction as his unnaturalized
parents; that the common law doctrine
of birth within thedominion of a king can
nut apply ro a republic; that as Judge
Btorrey decided early in the history of the
Initcd States, citizenship is eoverned by
international law, and net the common
law of any one country, and that as Con
gress had expressly legislated against the
admission by the naturalization process of
Chinese to citizenship, native-born Chi
nese should come within the same exclu
sion.
.Judge Morrow in his opinion of twenty
four type-written pages treats at length all
the objections raised by the Government.
He goes ri<_'ht to the question at issue,
which he puts in this wise:
The question to be determined is whether a
person born in the United States, whose father
timi mother were both persons of Chinese
descent and subjects of the Emperor of China,
but Ht the time of the birth were both domi
ciled residents of the United States, is a citizen
within the meaning of that part of the four
teenth amendment of the constitution which
provides that "all persons born or naturalized
in the United States and subject to. the juris
diction thereof are citizens 01 the United States
and of the States wherein they resiae." ;? -
At once he proceeds logically with the
contentions made by Messrs. Foote and
Collins against Wong's right to citizen
ship. Mr. Coilin's position was that the
doctrine of international law as to citizen
ship exists in the United States and not
that of the common law, and that the
citizenship clause of the fourteenth
amendment is in consonance with the in
ternational law and should be so inter
preted.
To give a synopsis of the argument, as
Judge Morrow viewed it, of tne Govern
ment's counsel, the lotric was thus: First,
Wong Kirn Ark was not subject to the po
litical jurisdiction of the United States;
second, according to the rule of interna
tional law the political status of the child
follows that of th" parents; third, the
mere fact of birth in this conn try does not.
ipse facto, confer any right of citizenship.
So much for the postulate. In support of
it Justice Story's decision totlie effect that
"Political rights do not stand upon the
mere doctrines of municipal JJar,w r , ai>p!ica
ble to ordinary transactions, but stand
upon the more general principles of the
law of nations," was cited to argue that
the of the fourteenth^ amend
ment intended to follow and adopt the
rule of international law.
Further, it was contended that common
law doctrine could not apply for the reason
that there is no common law proper of the
United States, and finally it was main
tained that the United States Supreme
Court in the slaughter - iiouse cases
adopted the rale of international law, and
the Supreme Court's interpretation in the
casv ut Elk vs. WilUhis was also cited in
support of this position.
Then on the other hanu, as logically, the
argument of the counsel for the petitioner
was taken up, namely: that what the court
said in the slaughter-house cases is but
mere dictum; that the highest Federal
tribunal iias never directly passed upon
the question at issue, but tnat the United
States Circuit Court bad adjudicated the
question in the Look Tin Slug and Gee
1-iMik Sing enses, and so far as this circuit
is concerned the decisions in those c.'iys
should control Judge Morrow's court.
Wong's attorney's had made use of the de
cision of Y ice-Chancel ior Lewis H. San
ford o! New York in \M[ in the Lynch vs.
Clark case. Speaking of the two decisions
rendered by the Circuit Court here Judge
Morrow says:
While the two decisions rendered in this
circuit would seem, upon the principle of
stare decisi s, to be conclusive upon the ques
tion rui-*. <l here and controlling upon tins
court; yet, in view oi the (net thai it Ijus been
argued on the ptirt of the Government, and
very forcibly, thiu the Supreme Court laid
down, iv the slaughter-house cases, v doctrine
at variance with tiint announced in these
decisions, mid as claimed In consonance with
that of the law of nations, it will be necessary
to examine these cases with care and at great
Length.
'llie question is an important one, not alone,
from an a'>stiact point of view, but because of
ilie consequences a decision unfavorable to
the petitioner would involve. Kor, if the. con
tention of counsel for the Government be
correct, 11 will inevitably result that thousands
3onß ol i'otii sexes, who have been con
sidered as citizens oi the United States, and
have always been treated aa such, will be, toall
intents and purposes, denationalized and re
manded to a i-tn I . vi alienage.
Included among these are thousands of
voters who are exercising the right of suffrage
»i< American citizens, and whose right us ■ uch
i~ not and never baa been questioned, because
birth within the country seems to have been
recognized generally as conclusive upon the
question of citizenship.
But the Supreme Court has never squarely
determinedt either prior to or subsequent to
the adoption of the fourteenth amendment in
1866, the political status of children born here
of foreign parents. In the case of Minor vs.
Happemett, 21 Wall., 168, the court expressly
declined to pas- upon that question. Nor was
there any definition in the constitution or in
the acts ol Congress of what constituted citi
zenship until the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment,
He next explains the common law prin
ciple that "birth within the realm was
deemed conclusive," and the rule of the
law nf nations that "birth follows the
political status of the parents," but ob
serves that the fourteenth amendment is
controlling on the question presented irre
spective of either the common law or in
ternational law doctrines. He admits,
though, that in view of the ambiguous and
uncertain character of the qualifying
phrase, '.Subject to the jurisdiction
thereof," renders the question a debatable
one as to which rule the provision was in
tended to declare.
The decision of Justice Field in the Look
Ting Siu<r case is gone over at length.
Justice Field held that although the
petitioner was born here of parents sub
ject to the Kmperor of China, he was a
citizen within the meaning of the Four
teenth Amendment. Look Ting Sing was
born in Mendocino County in 1870. His
father sent him to China when nine years
old, and he returned in September, 18S4.
The burden of Justice Field's decision
in effect was: Look Ting Sing was born
here; his parents were not engaged in the
diplomatic service of any foreign Govern
ment; he was not born on a vessel of a
foreign nation while within the waters of
the United States ; ho had not renounced his
allegiance to this Government; therefore
the words "subject to the jurisdiction
thereof, 11 do not exclude him from citizen
ship. The jurisdiction of the United States
over him at the time of birth was exclusive
of that of any foreign country. The
citizenship clause of the fourteenth
amendment was to overturn the doctrine
enumerated in the Died Scott case. And
Justice Field continued:
Independently of the constitutional pro
vision, it has always been the doctrine of this
country, except as applied t<> Africans brought
here and Bold as slaves, and their descendants,
tlisit birth wiitiin the dominions and juris
dictions of the L'nited States of itself creates
citizenship.
The Gee Fook Sing case was decided by
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals,
Judge Hanford writing the opinion. It
simply assumed Justice Field's interpre
tation of the citizenship clause of the con
stitution and recognized the ris*ht of a
person alleging himself to be a citizen to
hearing on habeas corpus proceedings.
As to the mere obiter dictum of the
United states Supreme Court's decision in
the slaughter-house cases Ju Ige Morrow
shows that t lie quest ; on of citizenship was
purely incidental ai. subordinated 10 the
main question of whether the Sta f e of
Louisiana's concessions were police regu
lations for the health and comfort of ti.e
people. The question of citizenship arose
when it was apprehended that the privi
leges of citizens of the United States might
be abridged, and on tnis hinged the
further question as to who wnre citizens of
the United States. The court's decision
simply amounted to a declaration that the
fourteenth amendment protects from
Hostile legislation of the States the privi
leges and immunities of citizens of the
United States as distinguished from those
of citizens of the States.
But the question directly involved in
the Wong Kirn Ark case did not arise.
The paramount point made by the court
in its treatment of the citizenship clause
of the fourteenth amendment was the
distinction it made between citizenship of
the United Status and citizenship of any
particular State. The court said:
The first observation we have to make on this
clause is that it puts to rest both the questions
which are stated to have been the subject of
.differences of opinion. It declares that persons
may be citizens of the United States without
regard to their citizenship of a particular
State, and it overturns the Drea Scott decision
by making! all persons born within the United
State* and subject to its jurisdiction citizens
of the United states. That its main purpose
was to establish the citizenship of the negro
can admit of no (ioubt. The plirr.se "subject to
its jurisdiction" was intended to exclude from
its operation children of ministers, consuls
and citizens or subjects of foreign states born
within the United States.
Judge Morrow admits that this last sen
tence is mere dictum, but he points out the
strength of the second observation of the
Supreme Court as follows:
The next observation is more important, In
view of the argument* of counsel in the present
ease. It is that the distinction between citi
zenship of the United States and citizenship of
a state is dearly recognized and established.
Not only may a man be a citizen of the United
States without being a citizen of a State, but
an important element is accessary to convert
the former Into the hitter. Be musi reside
within the State to make him a citizen oi it,
but it is only necessary that h<> should oe born
or nafnraUzed in the United States to be a citi
zen of the Onion.
Nor did the interpretation of the phrase
in the case ni Elk vs. Wilkins determine
its meaning, explains Judg- Morrow. In
this case the question was whether, an In
dian horn in the United State-, and who
had severed his tribal relations, was a citi
zen within the meaning of the fourteenth
amendment. Justice Gray recognized in
bis opinion the two sources of citizenship,
birth and naturalization, and held that it
was necessary for the native-born child to
be completely subject to the political juris
diction of the country.
In conclusion. Judge Morrow confesses
that be has to follow the Field decision in
t he Look Tin Sing case, but be explains as
to the propositions of the common law and
international law:
The doctrine of the law of nations, that the
child follows the nationality ol the parents,
and thai citizenship doet not depend upon
mere accidental place cf birth, is undoubtedly
nii.ro reasonable and satisfactory, but this eon-
Kideratioo will not justify this conn in declar
ing it to be. tbe law against controllingjudlcial
authority, it may be that the executive de
partments <>f tbe Government are at liberty to
follow this International rule in dealing with
questions of citizenship which arise between
this and other countries, lmt that fact does not
estubii.-h the jaw for the courts as denliugwith
persona within tneir own territory. In this
ease the question to be determined is a-- to the
political status and rights of Wong Kirn Ark
under the law in this country.
No foreign power has intervened or appears
to be concerned in the matter. From the law
us announced and the facts as stipulated I
am of opinion that Wong Kirn Ark is a citizen
oi the United States within the meaning of the
citizenship clause of the fourteenth amend
ment.
There was great rejoicing in Chinatown
last night over Judge Morrow's decision.
At the headquarters of the United Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden State, it was
learned that the Chinese estimate that
there are. at Least LOOO native-born Chinese
in tiiis City, and a big vote might be polled
among those of voting ape.
RATES TO BE ADVANCED.
Eastbound Freight via Panama
to Pay a Higher
Tariff.
The New Schedule Expected to Be
Ready in. Ten Days— Two More
Steamers Corning.
Two important matters to shippers of
freight to Central American ports and to
New York via the Panama route can now
be announced on the authority of R. P.
Bchwerin, the general manager of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
These are that two more steamers are
to be added to the San Francisco-Panama
fleet and that rates to New York are to be
advanced about the middle of the present
month.
Word was received in this City yester
day from New York that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company had decided to uti
lize the steamers City of Para and the
Colombia, |which find been withdrawn
from the New York-Colon route, on this
side of the continent. Just when they
will leave could not be learned, but it fa
expected that they will make their ap
pearance in this port within the next
ninety days. Prom New York they will
go to Newport News to take a supply of
coal and will then start on the voyage to
Panama around the Horn, which is ex
pected to take them about fifty days \t
; Panama they will get rid of their Biirplua
coal cargo and take cargo for San Fran
cisco and way ports.
Their arrival will give the Pacific Mail
NEW TO-DAY.
AT OUR
I ÜblV * Tn I
TAKINfi 4 2
CFARANRF 1 "^ 1
Those who secured bargains at our last sale
know what we mean. For the few who
didn't, we mean the highest grade shoes at
the smallest possible figure.
WITNESS
THESE
QUOTATIONS.
LADIES' SHOES MEN'S SHOES
LAIRD, • SCIIOBER & ! Calf Lace and Congress, A(S JP
CO.'S French heel, cloth ft A ftfi i latest style of last and \ / |«\
top, button, '.square toe \ 4 |l|| finish ---------- |JJ£fi | J
and tip, hand turned - -ApUfIUU
1600 pairs Ladies' Hand ' ! , __ . ,oft f\H
Turned and Hand Welt ft yi Pft len s Calf Lace and \ / Si
Button, assorted kinds. \1 hil Congress, hand sewed
A fit for all - 0 1 ] J U '".
s^ n D d -rs T ro c , d t d^? n d cy Q l Kn *«^ -SSS.SBSB «Q in
s S ty?i P S h goods''-^ !"" d '- 51, OU eXtension c "B e 00l S U
MISSES' Stout pebble ft i |\A Winter Tan Calf Lace, ft ft ft A
button, splendid school \ I /ig pointed toe, stylish and \ < \\\\
\ shoe-llto 2 ....... .qp I I^U sensible - - - - Jl IIU
The same, QK O Aj rA
hO (ft a rft
Sizes Bto 10U -- - UUU Winter", Tan Calf, lined \ h\\
\ hand sewed V^*lUU
The same, yijfl _, . _ A _.
Sizes sto7X - - - Qllb Best Patent Leathers in ft ft ftp
w** w ! assorted varieties and \ < /H
Laird, Schober & Co.'s styles tyisi&m\3
hand turned French kid ft fl ftft
button, pointed toe. \/S ei|l «— »-^-— —
Sold elsewhere at $S.O,,.O*tlUlr Visit us before the si e S are
JSSr^rrMt.Tn br ° ken Be an ear. bird. The
from $2.50 ----- -- - f3fi || worm bargain will repay you.
738-740 Market Street,
Company rive large and well equipped
steamers for both passenger and freight
business between this putt and Panama,
and is expected to place the company iv a
position where it will be able to handle all
business promptly and in a: most satis-
f jctory manner.
For some time past — in fact, ever since
the announcement ot the new agreement
between the Panama Railroad Company
and the Pacific Mail Steamship Company^—
General Manager Schwerin baa been busy
working on the tariff sheets oi his com
pany with a view to putting advanced
rates on eastbound business, via Panama,
into effect at the earliest day.
Some idea of the work involved in a gen
eral change of rates may be gathered from
the fact that this labor will not be com
pleted until the middle of the current
month.
hen asked as to how much the latea
would be advance* Mr. Schwerin
that he was not prepared to answer, and
could not give even an approxima te idea
ot what average per cent advance would
be made.
'•\\V shalJ only make such an advance,"
said Mr. Schweiin, "aa wilJ insure us a
prolit in the operation ol our steamers,
and which we are certainly entii led to, con
sidering the well-regulated service we have
always given the public. It has been no
uncommon occurrence under the low rates
which have prevailed for us to find the
balance on the wrong side of the sheet
when the accounts of the steamers were
made up. Of course such a state oi things
could not be permitted to continue. It
would simply drive us out of business, and
I am sure that that is not what is desired
by the public.
"Regarding complaint 3 made by ship
pers, they are generally with little or no
foundation. We can and do handle all the
freight that is offered as a rule. There i»
not a single steamship line, 1 don't care
how well regulated its business may be,
that is not now and again compelled to re
fuse a few tons of freight, and that is all
that has occurred so tar as Central Ameri
can business is concerned."
Under the new agreement, previously re
ferred to, the Pacilic Mail Steamship Com
pany lias the right to make only the east
bound rates, while the Panama people
preserve the prerogative of fixing those for
the westbound business. When the at
tention of E. H. Hinton, the local agent
of the Panama Railroad Company, was
called to the proposed action of the Pacilic
Maii and he was asked whether his com
pany intended to advance westbound
rates simultaneously with the Pacific Mail
he replied as follows :
"The eastbound rates are independent
of the westbound rates. The conditions
surrounding the westbound traffic are dif
ferent, from those surrounding the east
bound tratlic at this time and I do not
suppose it will be possible to make an ad
vance at the same time. An advance in
eastbound rates lias no immediate bearing
on the westbound rate situation."
Catered to Popular Taste.
A well-known scientist was walking
along a London street when he came across
an itinerant astronomer, who was inviting
the passers by to gaze through his tele
scope at the moon at a halfpenny a time.
The scientist in London was speculative
enough to venture a half-penny, and
on applying his eye to the instrument
was astonished to see a beautiful picture
of a full moon, although at the time
the moon was only in her second quarter.
Puzzled by the circumstance he exam
ined the instrument ami found that it was
not a telescope at all, but simply a tube
with a hole where the eyemece should he
and a transparent photograph of a full
moon, with a light behind it, at the other
end. On the scientist asking the exhibitor
how he could so cheat the public, the man
simuly remarked: "It's all right, sir.
People like a lot for their money nowa
days. I used to have a proper 'scope once,
but I turned it up for this after an Irish
man pitched into me for showing him
only 'aria moon. This way pays better
and gives more satisfaction." — Columbus
Journal.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUK,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATGS-Postaso Free:
rally fDfl Sunday C all. one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
rr.iiy and Snri'ny Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Paily arid Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
r«i!y end Sunday Calt , three months by mall 1.60
Daily end Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. ' .f>s
Sunday Caul, oce •>•»>■■ by ma 11...":'. — : 1.50
Weekly Caix, cnoypar, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Msln— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: cpen until
c SO o'cfoclc.
839 Hay<s street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntil 9 o'clock.
■ 1.616 Miasion street; open until 9 o'clock.
ilb Klnth street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 82. 84 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID 21. FOL.TZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY JANUARY 4. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It seems the tariff bill will stick, but the
bond bill is stuck.
Etantingtoo is taking no holidays nor is
he giving us a rest.
Congress cannot reassemble too early —
Grover needs watching.
Wherever John Bull coes somebody
warns him to ke<?p off the £rass.
Carrying the war into Africa has its
vicissitudes as well as other things in life.
Anti-Jingoes are talking too much when
they begin to call the Monroe doctrine
sentimentalism.
Among the lemons included in our State
schoolbooks there should be one on eco
nomical publishing.
They have be^un Rlready to whisper
Presidential politics at Washington, and
before long it will be a roar.
It soom« certain that if the Senate ever
sends V.-.. bond bill to Cleveland it will be
sent inclosed in a silver bo\.
Huntingdon is about to buy another rail
road in Mexico, and before long he will
begin to fence in the country.
Cecil Rhode? is a far-reaching man, but
he seems to have overreached himself
and taken a tumble this time.
When the British lirst marched into the
Transvaal, it wa< called an invasion,
but now it is referred to a^ an escapade.
The Penthouse seems better litted to
breed r>e<ts than to cure them, and needs
remedies itself more than the patients do.
Ciaus gave Carlisle a surplus for
the month of December, but it was too
little to fill np the deficit in the stocking.
Chamberlain's message recalling the
British who invaded the Transvaal was
unnecessary. The Boers had taken them
in.
The annual meeting of the Teachers' As
sociation has brightened Oakland up with
an intellectual festival and a carnival of
daisies.
England has discovered that she once
proposed arbitration on Venezuelan bound
ary, and she is now willing to follow the
precedent.
Van Ness avenue shows abundant evi
dence of the way the Solid Eight paves a
way for its own advantage at the cost oi
the public.
European nations are wondering how
they can act in concert in Turkey and
carry on a circna in Bonth Africa at the
same time.
Three bond-syndicate men dined with
Cleveland at his 9tate dinner, and it goes
without saying they expected of him a
golden service.
The New York Chamber of Commerce
needs to be taught that it would be better
to strain our commercial relations than to
smash our Monroe doctrine.
The net deficit of the first six months of
the fiscal year amounts to more than
$15,000,000, and yet Carlisle urges Congress
to give the Wilson bill a further trial.
There is a fight over the street-cleaning
contract in Los Angeles, but unfortunately
tbe fighters are not mopping up the streets
with one another while they are about it.
As Cleveland appointed no statesman of
National reputation on the Venezuelan
commission, it looks as if he was trying
to run the thing as an adjunct to hi 9 third
term boom.
It becomes more evident every day that
the silver men in Congress know their
power, and intend to assert it in protect
ing the interests of the people against the
gold syndicates.
Chandler's plan to have a representative
of every State on tbe Interstate Commerce
Commission would have the effect of in
creasing the number of officers, but it is by
no means certain it would increase the
weight of the office.
The scheme of Carl Schurz to get the
Chambers of Commerce of New York and
London to appoint a commission to settle
the Venezuelan dispute has the merit of
novelty, but iust at this time novelties are
on the bargain counter.
Lord Aberdeen has informed the Cana
dian Parliament that it will be called
on thin winter to provide lor strengthen
ing the defenses and increasing the mili
tary force of the Dominion, and perhaps
he intends *o make a bluff ni somebody.
Now that Congress is in session and lias
shown its willingness to pass measures for
the relief of the treasury Cleveland can
have no excuse for making another loan,
and if he does so it should be regarded as
a misdemeanor,- subjecting him to imme
diate impeachment.
The Los Angeles Times has achieved
more than ordinary success this year in
the publication of its annual midwinter
number. Forty pages filled with hand
some illustrations and well-written articles
concerning the southern portion of the
State constitute a volume of information
that will be of great value in attracting
capital and settlers, and it well deserves
the liberal patronage which will be ac
corded it by the people.
ME. DOYLE'S NEW POINT.
John T. Doyle, a lawyer of recognized
standing and ability, has raised the start
ling point that in a legal sense tl-ere is no
first mortgage on the Central and Union
Pacific roads, and hence that the Govern-
ment's so-called second mortgage can be
foreclosed as the first mortgage if the Gov
ernment assert its rights. He explains
this by saying that the companies wore
given permission by Congress to issue
bonds secured by mortgage, such bonds to
be like in amount, number and character
to the Government bonds, and the mort
gage securing them to take precedence
over the Government's mortgage, and that
the companies failed to comply with these
terrn^. and therefore did not create a debt,
which can take precedence over the Gov
ernment's claim.
Although tiiis point was raised some
weeks ago, it does not seem to have at
tracted the attention which its importance
deserves, assuming that it has anything
like a foundation in fact or law. Mayor
S-utro is now reviving it and insisting that
it be acted upon. If there is anything in
it, a question would arise as to whether
Congress or the courts should take cogni
zance of it ; if the latter, a fierce legal
battle would have to be fought. It has
been assumed all along that in foreclosing
its second mortgage the Government would
have to cover the tirst mortgage. Mr.
Doyie's view of the matter would seem, if
correct, to have the effect of changing the
positions of the two mortgages, making
the interest oi the so-called first mortgage
subsidiary to that of the Government.
The overshadowing issue before the peo
ple now is the defeat of the funding bill.
The moment we begin to befog that idea
with discussions concerning the proper
method of recovering th« debt or the policy
of Government ownership, we begin to
I play into the hands of the great monopoly.
| If the funding bill is defeated we may
then turn to the other matters which will
arise. The tirst of these will necessarily
be the collection of the debt. Whether
this be done by foreclosure and sale in the
open market; whether in such sale, if it
be decided on, the Government shall either
be a bidder or impose such restrictions as
shall give it a large power in the manage
ment of the property ; whether it be de
cided not to offer the property for sale at
all, but that the Government take it and
operate it in the interest of the public as a
regulator of overland tratlic — these are
considerations which if insisted on now
will weuken the right against the funding
proposition.
It is not difficult to imagine the Govern
ment having the power now ro regulate
this traffic in the absence of ownership,
but we insist that none of these issues are
presented in the funding measure and that
it is the duty of all patriotic Californians
to concentrate their light against that
proposition. It is only by defeating it that
the other issues can be raised. If this
measure is passed there will be no room
for discussing collection or (rovernruent
ownership. The funding bill is the one
thing before us now.
MINING THE SACEAMENTO.
A novel and attractive proDosition is
made by A. Schwartzweiler, who is said to
be a mining expert of Be Louis. It is the
mining of the bed of the Sacramento River
for gold. For this purpose he is trying to
organize a company of Louis and San
Francisco capitalist?. As he estimates
that only $.30,000 will be required for the
plant his scheme looks honest on its face,
for that is a very small capital in view of
the great profits which the enterprise may
yield.
The plan is to secure from the California
Legislature a coucession to dredge the
river, manipulate the dredgings for gold,
and use the debris for raising the levees.
It i 3 hinted that the company is even will
ing to pay something for the privilege, as
Mr. Sciiwatzweller is said to have made
numerous analyses of tbe detritus in the
river-bed and found it to carry gold in
sufficient quantity to make the mining of
the river profitable. Thus in a single
operation it is proposed by a private com
pany to make a prcfit for itself, to lower
the river-bed, raise the levees, and so re
move danger of overflows from flood?.
The plan has a strong air of probability.
That incredible quantities of gojd have es
caped the sluices of hydraulic mines is a
matter of the widest notoriety. Much of
this was float gold, which the sluices could
not trap. Whether the sluggish current
of the lower reaches of the river enabled
some of it to lodge is a question less im
portant than the discovery of abundant
gold in the river. In any event the pro
moters of the idea claim to have an appa
ratus which surpasses all others in saving
gold, and that it is this which will make
the mining of the river possible. If they
have such an apparatus they can make a
fortune with it in the hydraulic mining re
gions of the State.
As the people of California are moving
very earnestly to secure Federal appropri
ations for the improvement of the rivers
and their opening to navigation every
scheme oi this kind will have to be handled
with a view to its possible effect on that
effort, and on the work of the Government
if the appropriation is secured. It would
never do to tie up the Sacramento by State
legislation so firmly that the State or the
Government cannot at any time resume
complete possession for the purpose of
making improvements. At the same time
all such efforts as the present should re
ceive all reasonable encouragement, as in
the end they may turn out to be the only
way in which the improvement of tlie
river can be accomplished.
LOOSE ASSESSMENTS.
The constitutional provisions intended
to secure equality of assessments have
notoriously failed of their purpose, and
now the wise heads of the State are trying
to devise more practical means for secur
ing a sensible adjustment of this import
ant matter. The absurdities of the present
situation are in part shown by the Pacific
Rural Press. It declares that in Colusa
County orchards are assessed at $40 an
acre, while across the line in Glenn County
they are placed at $IGO an acre. In San
Diego they are figured at $100 an acre, but
in San Bernardino they are taxed at $225
an acre. Sacramento says $100. Santa
Cruz fixes the figures at $GO, while her
neighbor, Monterey, says $15 an acre. San
Joaquin fixes a vuluation of $40 an acre,
Santa Clara $50, Kings $20 and Kern $50.
Sonoma fixes the value at $75, while Lake
estimates the value at only $20. Shasta
growers pay on $12 an acre and Lassen on
$25, while in Los Angeles the value is fixed
at $250 an acre.
It is the duty of the State Board
of Equalization to adjust these dis
crepancies, but its inability to do so
has been demonstrated. The wrong of
inequality resides in the fact that the
County Assessor who conscientiously
assesses land as required by law compels
his county to pay more than its due share
of State taxes. Hence arises a tremendous
pressure upon all of them to make the as
sessments as low as possible, with the re
sult of a high rate of taxation. In the end
the effect on county revenues is the same,
whether the assessment is made according
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1*96.
to law and the tax rate thereby kept down,
or whether the assessment is low and the
tax levy high. It is in the relations of the
counties to the State that inequality of
assessments does harm. In addition to
this is the injury done by a high tax rate,
which strangers are too apt to regard as a
fact by itself and as an indication of om
cial extravagance. The only proper rule
is a full-value assessment, under the defi-
nition given by the law, and a correspond
ing low tax rate.
It is now suggested that a Jaw be enacted
requiring County Assessors to meet annu
ally with the State Board of Equalization
before the time for assessing property and
adopt a valuation schedule which shall
produce a uuiform result. The idea seems
to be an excellent one and might
profitably be agitated. This certainly
would be a better plan than the present
one of having the State Board of Equali
zation summon the Supervisors oi the va
rious counties to show cause in case of un
equal assessments after the assessments
have been made. It is not exactly c.'car
how the details oi such a law should be
framed, but the subject is worthy of con
sideration.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
Representative artists who have devel
oped a love for the beauties of California
will give pictures in to-morrow's Call of
scenes which they individually deem most
truly typical of the beauties of the State.
It is assumed that each artist has under-
gone a struggle to determine so difficult a
choice, and it is likely that selections of
topics will invite discussion. It is suffi
cient ac present to know that painters are
deeply interested in the matter, for that
cives rise to the hope that the exquisite
beauties of the State are in a way to receive
the extraordinary artistic attention which
they deserve.
An article devoted to the wives of the
Mayors of Sau Francisco will appear, with
portraits. It will constitute one of the
most interesting chapters in the history of
the City.
'•The Ghosts of the Pioneers" is the title
of a charming poem of considerable length
by Howard V. Sutherland, one of the
brightest of the young generation of Cali
fornia songsters. He not only marshals
the ghosts of the dead, but shows wherein
these sad shades are grieved as they patrol
our streets to observe a decadence of the
stern pioneer spirit which made California
a part of the Nation.
The public will be astonished to read an
article showing the progress in railroad
construction which has been made recently
in Arizona. This is a subject of so great
importance that it is likely to receive inde
pendent treatment in these eoiutnns.
Another of the Persian tales which
lately have been special features of the
Sunday issue may be expected. Another
contribution, furnished by W. C. Morrow,
concerns the Monroe doctrine and indi
cates the absurdity of any fears that Eng
land is eager to fight over the Venezuelan
boundary.
Still another feature will be a thought
ful article by Captain John A. Miller uv
the National Guard concerning the advis
ability of giving the guard such military
training in time of peace, particularly with
regard to the handling of heavy ordnance,
as will equip it for useful service in the
event 01 war.
These special features are additional to
the regular dev*artments which character
ize the Sunday issue, including fashions
for men and women, the theaters, society,
Kab's letter, book reviews and literary
news and other things, besides special
telegrams from accredited correspondents
in various parts of the world, reviewing
the situation in all its important aspects;
and in addition to all these are a full tele
graphic and local news service and various
other matters of interest. The Sitxday
Call is the ideal paper for the instruction
of Eastern people concerning California.
ENGLAND AND THE CANAL.
It is well remembered that during Presi
dent Arthur's administration he attempted
to secure from England a modification ot
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and that Lord
Granville's opposition forced him to aban
don the effort. This opposition put a
stop to the intention of our Government
at that time to lend its financial aid
in the construction of the Nicaragua
canal. Since that time this famous
treaty, which gives the United States
and England equal control of the pro
posed canal, has served as a bar to
the development of commerce between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the
United States and thrown the power into
the hands of a few Americans to create a
monopoly of overland and isthmian traffic
to their own enormous enrichment and the
corresponding hampering of our indus
trial development.
The looseness of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty is made all the more con
spicuous by the persistency with which
England insists on the observation of
its terms. That treaty stands to-day as
a far more serious threat to the integrity
of this country than any aggressions which
England may contemplate in Venezuela.
It might not be so bad if England should
prove willing as a government to co-operate
with the United States in the construction
of the canal. This it cannot do without
loosening its hold upon the Suez canal
and assisting in building up American
traffic.
It is a pity that President Cleveland, who
has won so much popular admiration by
his position in the Venezuelan affair, did
not include the abrogation of the Clay ton -
Bulwer treaty in the scheme of Nicaraguan
intervention which he presented to Con
gress and which Congress so cheerfully ac
cepted.
However, no real ground has been lost.
England is neither in the mood nor the
position to quarrel with the United States.
The equities of tbe Nicaragua canal are all
on the side of the United States, and it is
our auty as well as our privilege and op
portunity to take tbe matter in our own
hands and lend such Government aid as
will not only insure the construction of
the canal, but will virtually place our Gov
ernment in a position to regulate Ameri
can traffic between tne Pacific and At
lantic coasts. Tue urgenc yof the step has
been increased by the recent elimination
of the Panama railway as a competitor in
the matter and the consequent strengthen
ing of the overland monopoly, which has
now the power to deterruine one of tbe
most important matters that has ever
arisen to affect the prosperity ox the
country.
Devoted to the State.
Lodi Valley Review.
The San Francisco Caix issued a Christmas
number of tifty-two pages devoted to the in
terests of the State at large. It contains a num
ber of able articles by prominent men on
various subjects of general interest and among
them an article on .San Joaquin County which
is well handled and accurate in the informn
tion imparted. The Call, under the vigorous
and successful management of Charles M
Shortridge, is taking a prominent position in
modern journalism.
Miss Frances Power Cobbe. who recently
celebrated her seventy-third birthday, is said
to have been the first woman to do regular
office work on the editorial staff of a London
daily. When the Echo was established she
was engaged to write leaders for it.
CHIMMIE FADDEN'S SIRE.
"Ned," inquired the inquisitive mRn of Ed
ward W, Townsend, the gentleman who made I
a philosopher of a denizen of the Bowery in |
New York, "did it ever occur to you that you I
are responsible for the introduction into so- j
ciety of a great deal of slang that would not
have otherwise been tolerated?"
"It does," answered the successful author and
playwright of "Chimmie Fadden" j§nd "A I
"Daughter of the Tenement."
"Have you any defense?"
"None whatever. Except that I was looking
for types and found seme at least that the
public were ready to receive. I fully realize |
that society has Required the vernacular, crude I
in some cases, I admit, aud that the conse
quent surprises that arise are manifold. I ;
have been confronted with a great many dis- j
tressing conditions that have arisen from read
ing 'Chimmie Fadden.' Picture to yourself a j
beautiful girl nestled closely to your arm. I
"AND YOU WILL HEAR HER SAY. '(MI, WOT TELL! LET'S GO AND
TAKE A LEMONADE,' " SAID EDWARD AY,. TOAYNSEND.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.)
Let your mind wander back to the dreamy
waltz, the scent of natural flower?, the lithe
and graceful dancers whirling over the glisten
ing floor, the fur-away echo of mirthful laugh
ter coming in from the veranda and the half
ethereal dream that swims before you when
eyes meet and tell that wordless tale of love.
My dear boy, go back to the ever calming and
placid influence of half-caught whispers that
mean so much to you nnd mi 1 , and recall if you
can the low pleading for some sweet girl's sym
pathy and devotion. Stop a moment and you
will hear her say, 'Oh, wot fell; let's go and
take a lemonade. 1
"Ana I am blamed for that condition of af
fair-". I am accused of such enervating situa
tions. They are all laid at my door.
"Do you not know that there is something in
the Bowery or rather the east side of New York
that is rs far away from the things that are
understood by the uninitiated as light is from
darkness."
"What are they, Ned?"
"Pictures. Wonderful studies that men go
to Italy to see, magnificent and dramatic com
positions in real life that the student in, Naples
thinks are around him and him only. On the
East Side there is a little world of amazing and
startling human tableaux, and but lew artists
know of them. Go into the alleys at midnight
when a full moon is riding in a clear sky and
feast your eyes on the sights that pass before
you like a panorama. One may go Into the
tenement courts and look upward into the
scenery that stands out in the pale light like
gigantic pictures with a wealth of stars for a
background. The pathways are sprinkled
with drunken stragglers who have fallen
in the doorways and are sleeping with one
hand on a stiletto while the other grasps the
arm of a brother in crime who fell into dreams
with his friend. Over on the other side the
dim flicker of a tallow candle marks ihe win
dow of a little room occupied by a 'sweater,'
one ot those unfortunate creatures who toil
away the night working on piece work ior
some wholesale clothing-house. These women
labor until the fingers weary of the struggle
and the mind and body give way to exhaus
tion. Sometimes they fall asleep until the
cool ot the morning reminds them ot their
poverty and the absence of warmth.
"No artist can pass by these courts without
standing in wonder at tbe opportunity they
offer for wonderful pictures. The studies in
light and shadow, the glinting rays of moon
light that fall on the groups of men who sleep
on the fire escapes from the ground to the top
story, and the swarthy upturned faces of the
Italians, all add to the composition of the
whole unusual scene. There painters can get
atmospheres and color combined. I have
taken artiste into these squalid courts and
dark pathways who were amazed at the sights
they witnessed. It is staitling, fearful and
sometimes inspiring. Ah, indeed, there is
something on the Bowery besides street gamins
and newsboys. There is a great unsolved
problem, a world of mystery and a study of
humanity. Night and day the struggle goes
on and the denizens wander to and fro as
though there was nothing beyond them—noth
ing but poverty, bad nir and crime."
Mr. Townsend crossod his legs, puffed at his
cigarette and with considerable skill drifted
away from the East Side, where Steve Brodie
calls him "Ned" and the head barkeeper says
"Hello, Townie."
RETALIATION.
When Love came to me I satd :
" Shall I give him of my bread?
Nay ! the weary world Is wide-
Why should lpve with me abide? "
***- * . * *
When to Love I knelt he said:
" Comesl thou to me for bread?
Once I sought thee-knelt to thee,
Asked thy heart to shelter me;
Lo! the weary world is wide-
Why shouldst thou with roe abide? "
—Frank L. Stanton in Chicago Times-Herald.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
In Decembeb, 1848— Nin. rod, City. Decem
ber 24, 1843, fell on Sunday.
Dairy Produce— T. R., Ferndale, Humboldt
County, Cat. Marin County furnishes more
dairy produc« for the markets than any other
county in the State.
Webster— H. X., Cal. Noah Webster of dic
tionary fame was born in Hartford, Conn.,
three miles from the center of the city, Octo
ber IG, 1758. He died May 24, 1843.
Tariff— F. I. S., City. A new tariff bill, or
an amendment to the existing one, has been
passed by the House at the present session of
Congress, and will probably be considered by
the Senate next week.
Golden-son— E. J., Wheatland, Yuba County,
Cal. Alexander Goldenson murdered Mamie
Kelly at Polk street and Ash avenue in this
city on the; 10th of November, ISBG, and for
this crime Tie was hanged on the 14th of Sep
tember, 1888.
Copyrighted Dispatches— J. W. 8., Salem,
Or. News association! copyright their dis
patches, filing with the librarian of Congress
each day a proof of all dispatches that are to be
published. The association yog name would
I hardly dare place at the head of its dispatches
the words "Copyrighted by the ," unless
such was a fact, for the law imposes a penalty
of $100 upon any person who has not obtained
copyright, who shall u?e the words '"Entered
j according to an act of Congress," or "Copy
right, eto.," or words of the same import, in or
i upon any book or other article.
Alaska Papers— Prospector, Redding, Shasta
County, Cal. The newspapers published in
Alaska, and which de-votod themselves to the
interest of that Territory, are the Mirring
Record, published at Juneau, and the Alaska
Herald and the Alaskan, published at Sitka.
Experimental Station —T. R., Ferndale,
Humboldi County, Cal. The central experi
mental agricultural station of California is at
Berkeley. There are four outlying culture sta
tions as follows: Sierra foothill station, near
Jackson, Amador County: southern Coast
Range station near Paso Robles, San Luis Obis
po; San Joaquin Valley station, near Tulare,
Tulare County ; Southern California station on
Chino ranch, between Chino and Pomona, Los
I Angeles County; two forestry stations, one at
: Sfluta Moniett, Los Angeles County, arid the
| other near Chico, Butte Cotmty, and a viticul
| tural station near Mission San Jose, Al
| aineda County.
Tkb&y's Death — K. J., Wheatland, Yuba
County, Cal. David S. Terry was shot and
killed by United States Deputy Marshal David
-Neafrle at Lathrop on the 4tn of August, 1889.
Neagle was, in the United States Circuit Court
on the Kith ol September following, held to
have been justified in killing Terry.
Naturalization Papeks— J. W., City. If you
wish to become a citizen of the United States
and of this State you can make application at
the United States court, where a fee is charged
for papers, or to the Superior Court, where no
tee is charged. In cither court you will have
to havu two witnesses when you a*pply for your
second papers.
Military Rank— J. w. t. , City. The highest
military rank in the United States army at this
time is major-general. The grade of general
is higher than that of lieutenant-general.
Both of these, grades are specially created by
Congress. The grade of general has been held
by (ieorge Washington, U. S. Grant, W. T. Sner
man and Phil 11. Sheridan.
School Hovrs— X., City. The reason that
children to the public schools of this City are
allowed but one hour for the noon recess is
that experience shows that that is sufficient
time for auy child to ear lunch and rest before
commencing the afternoon studies-. A propo
sition to ailow the children two hours has
been discussed by educators and rejected on
the ground that it would seriously interfere
with the work of the schoolroom.
The YorxcEST Soldier— T. R., Stockton, Cal.
In answer to the question, "Who is the young
est soldier, a member of the Ci. A. X., Depart
ment of California and Nevada." the following
has been received:
Soldikrs' Home. Los Asgki es.
Tn reply to. "Youmjest Soldier" will say: I was
born December, 1319; was 46 ycarsoldon the 18th
of December, 1895. I enlisted in the Twenty
second Pennsylvania Cavalry February, J864, and
served in the Shenaudoah Valley until October 31
18G5, so you will see I was 14 year*, 1 morun and
21 days old when 1 enlisted and was in the service
about twenty-one months. I believe that lam the
youngest in the home and I do no; think there were
mauy younger in the service. Yours very truly
T . " Johk E. Watson-.
Late Company H, Twenty-second Pennsylvania
Cavalry and Company X, Third Pennsylvania
Provisional Cavalry. "•*
THE CHRISTMAS "CALL."
It Is a Marvel.
Coukerville Mkier.
The fifty-two-page Christmas edition of The
Call is a marvel of newspaper enterprise. It
is California clear through, and handles every
detail concerning our wonderful State in a
plain, truthful and highly interesting manner.
It may well be termed a California encyclo
pedia, and people can do no belter service for
this section than to send a copy to their friends
throughout the world.
Of Value to California.
Fresno Bepublican.
The Christmas number of the San Francisco
Call is one of the very best editions of the
kind that have ever been issued on the Pacific
Coast. The special contributions to its columns
are n ot only by the ablest writers in the State.
but in many instances by the men who repre :
sant all that is best and most substantial in the
progress and development of this coast in every
particular. Such a paper as the Christmas
Call is of inestimable value to California, and
its enterprise deserves the substantial en
couragement of every citizen. It emphasizes
the fact that The Call is one of the great news
papers of the great West.
A Magnificent Paper.
San Francisco Post.
The Call's Christmas edition, issued yester
day, was in every sense ot the word a magni
ficent edition.
With fifty-two pages filled to overflowing
with high-class literary matter, news, general
information on all manner of subjects excel
lent artistic work, etc., the iseue was not more
voluminous in quantity than its contents were
excellent in quality. It was certainly a ereat
paper. 6"-"*
There was a world of miscellany in the
edition-poems by such writers as Ira D Cool
brith and Dan O'Ccnnell, stories by Sam Davis
W. C. Morrow Rollin M.Daggctt, C. A. Dudley
Ernest C. Stock, Louis Glass and a host of other
writers, while every other branch of miscel
lany was also ably and tuily represented
The artistic features of tlie edition were also
of a very high order, and, of course, nothing
was wanting in the news department. Con
sidered as a whole, the Christmas Cail was \
newspaper well worthy of being preserved as «
most valuable specimen of wha modern"
journalistic enterprise is capable of.
limbs! use" a7 Ht &"" SS f ° f
Allcock's Plaster
tJ?ttl%Z'F£%££ the host of -t-** •*< »*►
L.». O^Wk. an, m>. —^. —
PERSONAL.
A. J. Welner of _Fresno is in the City.
Dr. E. Z. Hennessey of Napa is in town.
D. Diller, a merchant of Chico, is in town.
N. G. Wyatt of Salinas City is at the Baldwin.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti of Amador is
here.
Senator E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
P. Mcßae, a wealthy contractor of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
Dr. F. W. Hatch of the State Asylum at Ag
news is at the Grand.
A. W, Salmon, a mining man of Mexico, ar
rived here yesterday.
George W. Chandler, the lumber-dealer, of
Santa, Cruz, is in the City.
B. E. Edward?, a business man of Washing
ton, D. C, is at the Baldwin.
J. G. Turner, an attorney of Los Angeles, was
among yesterday's arrivals.
R. H. Brown, a wealthy land-owner of Pesca
dero, is among the late arrivals.
C. F. Montgomery, editor and proprietor of
the Antioch Ledger, is in the City.
Thomas Hopper of Panta Rosa arrived here
yesterday accompanied by his wife.
Tom D. Lane, superintendent <»f the noted
Utica mine at Angels, is in the City.
J. J. Nunnan, one of the editors and pro
prietors of the Stockton Mail, is at the Lick.
Senator J. M. Cleaves of Redding and Senator
A. EL Ros« of Colusa are here for a lew days'
stay.
Ex-Judge F. T. Baldwin, one of the Code
Commissioners, is steadily recovering from his
illness.
J. L. Gillis of Sacramento, assistant division
superintendent of the Southern Pacific, is in
the City.
Matthew Gage, the banker, orange-grower
and irrigation-ditch builder, of Riverside, is at
the Occidental.
C, 11. Lewis, a wealthy business man of Port
land, is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and several friends.
C. 11. Keyser of Carson find George Norton
Noel of Virginia City, business men, respect
ively, are at the Russ.
George A. Peltier, a general goods dealer of
Eastern Nevada, is at the Palace. His wife
and her mother, Mrs. Fred Cox oi Sacramento,
are witli him.
R. T. Bailey, a mine owner of the Carlisle
district, N. Mex., and who was formerly in Lake
Valley, in the same Territory, is at the Russ.
Ho is here on a business trip.
A. Mitchell-Milne of Scotland, who for some
months past has been living at Santa Rosa, is in
the city accompanied by his wife. They have
taken rooms at the Lick for the winter.
Q. M. Francis, editor of the Napa Register,
and W. D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chronicle,
the latter secretary of tlie California Press As
sociation, are in the City. They come to at
tend a meeting of the executive committee to
be held at the Press Club.
\V. C. Van Arnam, whose death took place
recently, and who was buried from the family
residence on Haight street yesterday, was the
manager of the Ensenada Land Company and
a cousin of Secretary Van Arnam of Arizona.
In early days he was a stage-driver.
Congressman Francis G. Newlands of Nevada,
who has been attending the session of Con
gress at Washington for some time past, ar
rived here yesterday and is at the Palace. On
his wav he stopped in Nevada, delivering a
speech at Iteno. He will be here several aays
at least.
Graham Coghlan, son of Commander J. B.
Coghlun of the United States navy, will ship
to-day 'fore the mast on the ship St. Nicholas
for New York, via Cape Horn. Coghlan was
until recently a clerk in the Southern Pacific
offices at Fourth and Townseud streets, and
was al?o a prominent member of Troop A, Na
tional Guard of California. It is his intention
to fit himself for the merchant marine service.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N*. V., Jan. 3.— Among: the re
cent arrivals ore: W. Fleischer, Broadway
Central; E. F. Murdock, Gilsey; W. P. Scott,
Misa M. E. Scott, Holland; J. Curran Jr., Gil
sey: G. F. Dyer, Astor; A. D. Martin, Mrs. W.
P. Morgan, Miss T. Morgan, Holland.
A MISS'S EVENING COSTUME.
A more charmingly dainty gown for a young
girl cannot be found, and for white materials
is it specially adapted. A creamy China silk,
with lace yoke of the same tint laid over
white satin, makes an ideal drese for evening
parties and dances.
The dainty crepes ot silk are beautiful, and,
though not so cheap as China silk, prove a
wise investment, for they wear forever and
dye beautifully in light shades.
Lawn, India mull, silk mull and chiffon are
exquisite for dancing gowns, and all develop
well after this model.
For evening dresses, the dainty Dresden
silks of taffetas are exquisite, .with "trimmhws
of lace or chiffon. One of the creamy tint with
lines of blue, between which, are interspersed
pink blossoms, might be trimmed witn blue or
pink chiffon and ribbons.
White challie with yellow blossoms sprinkled
all over the surface is beautiful with yellow
ribbon trimmings.
Pink with black chiffon is exceedingly
stylisn. ° J
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT
Prince Nicholas of Greece is an accomplished
"drawing-room magician."
It is said that when Queen Victoria and the
Empress Eugenia are together they spend all
their spare time doing needlework for the
poor.
Keely of motor fame has abandoned all idea
of patenting his invention, but will "adopt a
system of royalties" for the commercial use of
his discoveries.
Princess Marie, wife of Prince Waldemar of
Denmark, hs.« just startled her relatives by
Having her photograph taken in a fireman's
uniform, helmet ana all.
May Yohe's husband, Lord Hope, has been
discharged from bankruptcy on the payment
of 10 shillings on flia pound, his debts 'rench
ing the very neat figure of over $3,000 000
Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higgmsou is re
covering, though slowly, from his recent se
rious illness He is still confined to his bed,
bat a few of his most intimate friends are now
permitted to see him fora few minutes each
Political foes of Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man charge that, in a recent speech to his con
stituents he defined the Radical programme
as he understood it, and then adde<> '-These
gentlemen, are our principle.-; if you don't
like them they can be chanced."
Miss Anna E. Ticknor, a daughter of the late
George Ticknor, has presented to the Boston
Public Library the original autograph manu
script of one of Lope de Vega's best-known
plays, "El Cnstigo Sin Vengauza" ('Punish
ment Without Revenge"), written in 1681.
The manuscript is plain, legible and well pre
served.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
If the conceit was taken out of some people
there wouldn't be enough of 'em left to hang
clothes on.— Texas Sifting- .
"Have you seen the portrait of Miss Dawkiiu
by Marulous Boran? It looks just like an old
master."
"Do you think so? I thought it looked more
like an old maid."— Harper's Bazar.
First Tramp— l tell yer, pardner, Tom Reed is
the man fer me.
Bocond Tramp— How is that?
First Tramp— Why, they say his policy is to
do notiiin.'— Puck.
Mr. Gladstone ouzht to mail a small pack.
age of his "common-sense" panacea to Lord
Salisbury.— New York Recorder.
Crummer— is the poet, Latherbrusb. He
is a great advocate ot purity.
Gilleland— lndeed ! I don't remember seeing
any of his work.
Crummer— certainly must. lie writes
soap advertisements.— Record.
Pure mixed candies, 10c lb. Townsend's. •
» — ♦ — •
Soft baby cream. 15c pound. Townsend's.*
Glace pickle* 50c lb.*"Townsend's, 627 Mrkt.*
m ♦■ » '
Treat your friends'to Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, sue lb.. in Japanese baskets. •
•-- --* — »
ErECiAL information daily to manufacture: ».
business houses and public men by the Prju
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. -
Among illustrious personages with queer
fads must be numbered Prince Luitpold of
Bavaria. His collection of beetles is the most
extensive and complete in the world, and the
! Prince is a rkilled entomologfst, deeply versed
! in the habits of ants, bees, moths, flies, ear
wigs and the insect world generally.
BtooD is life, health and hepplne3s, if ir Is s>tirf>,
rich and full ot vitality. You may have pure blood
by takintr Hood's Sarsaparilla, the one true blood
Durifier. Insist upon Uood's.
OBICAOO LIMITED.
VIA SANTA FE KOUXE.
A new irr.ln throughout begins October 29.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclinio?-
chair cars and dininz-car*. Loa Angele3 to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annex
cars on sberp connection for Denver anl St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hoars quicker than th«
quickest competing train. The Santa Fo ha» beau
put in fine jhygical condition and U now the b9»!
transcontinental railway.
OrR habits tend to kill the hair and turn It gray
too early. (Save the color and b auty of your hair
by using PABKEB'a Hair Balsam.
Secukk a sound mind, which seldom goes with
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. Siegert's
Angostura BUI
For Irritation of ttik ThkoaT, caused by
Cold or use of the voi i*j Brunchiai
TrocJtes" are exceedingly beneficial.
NEW TODAT.
FOB SALE BY
Tta. Isnee Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Kstate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
EliU IBIST "bL'ILDKG, Ctllß UUR.
INVESTMENTS NORTH OF MARKET
STIIEET. . ■ :
City Hall lot. north side Market St., 25x100, and
brick improvements bringingsmall rental; $55,000.
Washington st., near Battery; double front, 40x
120, with subs:auiial brick building renting for
$240; $35,000.
Sacramento st.; rents $152 50: solid 3-story and
basement brick buildinß: 2 stores aDd 15 rooms In
upper stories; east of Kearny; 44x59:6: $25,000.
Kents $268: price $28,000"; Ciay St., near San-
some: larze lot and building.
Kents 5400; $76,000; Bush-st. Investment;
large lot and brick building.
Sutler St., north side, bet. Ma=ou and- Taylor;
22:6x80 to rear alley and line 3-story dwelling. 15.
rooms, in good order: rents $100; $17,000.
. Fine investment on Geary St.: 50 feet frout and
building, 31 " blocks from Market St.: $51,500. ■
Within l.'>u feet of Market, downtown: 29x65
and frame building; only $32,000; a fine Invest-
ment; $20.0(10 on it can remain at. 6^3 per cent.
Ueary-st. corner. 28 feet front : rents $123; near
Taylor" St.; $20,000.
INVESTMENTS SOUTH OF MARKET
STREET.
Third St., rents s3Ss, $70,000; solid building la
stores and rooms.
iSinth, bet. Market and Mission; 50x100; $30,-
-000; frame buildines.
Fourth-strset corner, renting for $225; $35,000.
Howard st., 45:10y-x137:6: north side, close to
Steuart; short hlock,from waterfront; only $13,000.
A bargain; $10,000; rents $80; Main St., below
Folsom; 48x137:6; covered with two-story build-
ings.
Sieuart st.: very cheep; bet. Market and Mission:
a x 137:6. . *
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS AND
INCOME PROPERTY.
Rents $486 50; corner Geary and I.arkin;
120x120; 2 corners covered with stores and dwell-
ings.
Make offer: E!lls-st. corner; rents $274 50-
-$30,000: 90x125; covered with 6 2-story dwell-
ings and 9 flats : both streets in good order; must be
sold to close au estate.
■ Polk-st. corner: 80 feet front; good store and
business corner: new building; rents $160- 2 ten-
ants; $28,000.
Kents $181 60; corner Fulton and Octavia;
60x75. and substantial, nearly new improvements"
3-story building. " *
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS
Marine view unsurpassed; Broadway, north sid#,
bet. Devisadero and Broderick; 100x127:8, or any
si/.e, at $leO a front foot.
Jackson and Octavia: elegant corner: unsur-
passed marine view : 60x117; $25,000; or larger
lot.
50-varas on Pacific Heights; finest location:
low price.
Pacific aye., north side; any size, 25. 60 or 75
feet front; price reduced to $200 a foot; marin-
view- - •
Keduced to $90O'J; make offer: N.W. corner
Pacific aye. and Broderick; 35x127:8: a very
signtly lot, with view of bfty, and one block from
the cars.
Pacific and Baker, N.W. corner: 50x132:4
$1-1,000: one of the finest residence lots on Pacific
Heights. ,
CHEAP WESTERN 'ADDITION LOTS.
VIEW OF BAY.
Broadway, near Fillmore; 23x127:8; $3125 •
or any size; good view.
1 .. S n . er s'., near Broadway; any size front by
13<:8detp, at $100 a foot.
Lota north side Valle.io st., bet. FiUmore and
Steiner; 25x137:6; $2375; or any sire; view of
• i s^ corner Broadway and Steiner; 27:6x110:
$4500; or 65x110, $7500; aood vk-w; streets in
order,
NE. corner Vnllejo and si.-m-r: fine marij
vleW n1, 37:6x137:0: $4250; or larger size.
*oooo— Steiner st., west side, i>et. Pacific and
Broadway; 27:!JxllO; street work done; flnu
Broadway, north side; 34:6x137:6: . $7000:
grand marine view j bet. Fillmore and steiner.
•i<,v" onst north u;p : magnificent view; 27;6x
kwwiu n park 21W): bet. Scott and Devisadero, In
Baldwin Park.
v , lsa<lerost west side: fine view of the bar;
.14x100, or uny slze ' bet. (jreen and Union; will be
sold cheap.
Union st,, north side. bet. Devisadcro and Brod-
erick; 27:6x137:6, q(1850; bay view; cable-cars
PAINTED
SHOES.
Ours are not painted, they are genuine kid
and light goat— mostly tipped. Price cut
from 50 cents to 25 cents; sizes 1 to 5—
FOR BABY.
This week and next we'll make a noise :
in the shoe trade. We have too many and
must name selling prices. Ladies' Sunday
shoes, $1 25 up; strong kangaroo or every-
day styles, $1 50 up. SMITH'S, 414-418
Frput st. (upstairs), is the place for shoes.■ life « . €M 1
AMUSEMENTS.
F>i t v.in TnrATKB. Herrmann. The Great.
Cajifoknia Thkatkb-" The Widow Joneß."
Coi.rMr.iATnKATEK-"At the ' reach Ball.-
Jfonosro's OrKRA-Hocsß — The Runaway
V l"voT.iOpEBA-Hoi-sR.-«Ixion:or. The Han of
:<Tr.:A 11. ■■.-!..-• 'iTi.-n-.or. The Man of
thr V\ hf-e-I."
OKniErM — Hish-Class Vaud«vfll«.
IcBOTU'a AirATATT.-'-Our »o.irt!ing House."
Macwxouoii Tiikaih: (Oakland) — "The
Sf n .ii or."
■ t-iuoTTHK CnrTKs l-aily at Uaight street
del >ocfe >nst of the Park.
Bay Djstbict Track.— Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
«y K. S. Sfeab .t Co.— Monday. January 6,
Furnltnre, at corner Mission aud Seventh sts., at
lv oTcJock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
r ] Id will sign Colonel Macdon-
v I [am Ford Nichols lecturea last
f the Advent on "Church
-v."
ided that the transfer
ink property to the People's
>ancc*.
Morrison <le>cribes a
ado] ed l>y two Yolo County
tile hunting for wild ducks.
twee talked yesterday
rans-S rtan Railroad and the
■ ■ffors to contractors.
weather forecast for to-day is: - 'l"n
--:>• showers; sta
• ■• temperature; northerly winds."
n to tax the collateral In irs to the
i w inheritance law
v ,i-.:ilee Coffey to- lay.
■ - LSta Manufacture
• mess J9OO.
g t homo In front at the Bay
. . The \\ In - were:
, Morvern, Claudius Si • Main
-
a be annoi
■
Lee ear-
A petition will be presented to the Board of
Pupervisors nsking for a sire for the new build
in tj for the King's Paujriiters 1 Home for Incur
ables.
- Ran " •;* oi letters
: - nator
. Amendment
plan.
lingj h. Peace Barry declined
-' ■
- and a lively fight
■ account of Mrs.
■::a:i of her minor chil
ended the litigation
tie old regime in the
ncea has put up nn opposition
I ii manifesto attacking the
stitution.
le, the man who recently
r . ' -irmany, has
irglary,
■ . in '.in.- sum of $10,000.
re w.ill resign as president of the
li on hi its next meeting Tues
■ will be reorganised!
n ' . Din tor Murdock as president.
- J. P. Dockery, yesterday ar
. 3a on and H. Morris for selling
en have places of busf
. ISruno ruad and Silver
San Miguel Defense Association met last
thirty new members to op
■ .- of the Koe heirs. A
ng of three defense clubs will be
• lay.
1 ell yesterday decided the case of
a Frnncisco and
: 1 Company in favor of tlie
r. The railroad company will appeal to
Court.
Truffle Manager W. B. Curtis in an Interview
>-■ formation of a leal
r ;!;>» purchase of the Central Pa
the (invtrnment decide
ad oiler the property for sale.
Health and Police Committee of the
sors has approved the ordin
. . ■ ■ Board of Health and
-' Association with the exception
riding for a milk inspector.
R. P. St'hwerin, general manager of the Vs.-
Company, has semi
y announced that Eastbound freisrht
. .a Panama, are to be advanced, and that
la be ready about the middle
■ urrent month.
The Young Man's Institute will hold a mas?
et Monday night at Metropolitan Tern
.' take action on a pro
-ildint;. the publication of Catholic
ribution and increasing
[p of the order.
Howard Black of 3 Montgomery street has
been forced into involuntary insolvency by his
creditors. ; There is over $1500 in debts repre
sented upon the petition filed yesterday. His
heaviest xediton are Murphy, Grant <i- Co.,
yho are down for $516 05. ■.
Cnited States District Judge Morrow, decided
lay in the Wong Kirn Ark test case, that
intryof parents not in
: -omatic service of China, are citizens
■srof the Fourteenth a;nend-
Federal constitution. Notice of
appeal to the I'nr - ;prea.e Court has
already been given by District Attorney Foote.
:nt :r. military law may prevent the
romm:- one! o*l onueras lieutenant
!:?olidated regiments ai;d of
< ftptain Tilde n (retired) as major. It is
( iaimed this err indorsement for
; "sitions was necessarily limited to the
existing majors and lieutenant-colonels, who
by thf- • came supernumeraries
liable tc assignment for duty by the Governor.
FOR PURER MILK SUPPLY
Supervisors Have Approved the
Recently Formulated Or
dinance.
Declined to Make Provision for an
Inspector — Some of the New
Restrictions.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors approved the milk
ordinance recently formulated by a joint
committee of the milkmen and Board of
. at its meeting yesterday.
; The measure provides among other
i things that no person shall engage in the
: milk business without first having obtained
: a permit from the tJoard of Health, and
that • ach dealer oust have the number of
■ his jiermit displayed in a conspicuous
place on the sides of hi wagons.
Uealers are prohibited from selling milk
containing less than 12 per cent of milk
j-ohds or more than 88 per cent of water.
All milk" must contain at least 1-5 per
cent of animal fats. .- •."■_. ■
A -further 'provision is made that no
" milk taken from cows within fifteen days
before or live days after parturition may
be sold, and the sale of miJk from cows
fed on unwholesome food or kept in im
b inita-ry lace*, or from cows affected with
. disease, is prohibited.
The o:ily change of importance made by
the committee was in reference to the
clause creating the office of Inspector of
Milk. /::/:.V.' •
The committee decided that inasmuch as
no such ollicer was provided for by the
tax levy they could not see their way
clear to paying his salary and that the re
sponsibility must devolve upon the Board
of Health." .
Otherwise the order was satisfactory to
all the members, and will be presented to
the Board of Supervisors at its next meet-
Jng. . • ' , ..
Mr. Harrison's Kesignatlon.
Tne board of directors of tho Bohemian
Club, at «i regular m< etlng held last- Thursday
evening accepted the resignation of w iliiam
Grec-r Harrison The eonrte o£ tho board was
not unusual No haste was displayed In acting
upon Mr. Harrison'* letter tendering his ret-lg
nation. Mr. Harristm »ays positively tliat his
purpose to resipn was not hastily formed, but,
on the contrary, was the result of long and
careful deliberation.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The New British Ship Glengowan
Put Into Port Stanley
on Fire.
WAS SCUTTLED AT ANCHOR.
A Large Fleet of Vessels Have Lost
Their Charters Owing to
Long Passages.
The British ship Glengowan will
probably be a total loss. She sailed from
Swansea for San Francisco seventy-nine
days ago, and at first all went weil. When
a month oat the cargo of coal was founci
to be heating, and Captain Doughty at
once took every precaution possible to
save hi* ship. The hatches were battened
down ami water was pumped constantly
on the heated deck. The fire spread
rapidly, and seeing there was no chance to
control it, Captain Doughty headed the
Glengowan for Port Stanley. When the
anchor was dropped the hold of the ship
was a raging furnace. All control over
the lire was gone, so the captain ordered
-ii scuttled. This was accomplished
on December 17 last, and the latest news
from the wreck is that the Glengowan will
probably be a total loss.
Glengowan was a new ship and was j
on her maiden voyage. Sin- was 1800 tons
register and was consigned to J. .1. Moore
.\ vo. Captain Doughty is well known in
San Francisco as an able seaman and a
lirst-ra;e shipmaster.
Long passages have been the rule of late
and several vessels have forfeited their
charters in consequence, lhe British
ship Inversnaid, now out seventy-eight
days from Newcastle, N. 8. W., and the
British ship Hahnemunn, now out 157
days from Hamburg, are two of the unfor
tunates. Their charters expired with the
old year, and when Captains Williams and
Neuson reach port they will find that rates
have dropped at least five shillings a ton.
The British ship Forfarshire secured the
splendid rate of £1 17s 6a to load wheat at
Astoria for Europe. On November 27Cap
tain Evans got his ship under way and was
towed to seu from Port Los Angeles. All
tvent well until off the Columbia River bar
ar.d then it begun to blow a eale. The
Forfarshire was driven up the coast to
Puget Sound and came to an anchor in
am Bay. Captain Evans sent for the
tug Tyee, and three times she failed in at
tempts to get the Forfarshire past Cape
: Fiauery. Finally, on December 17, tne
ship got to sea, and she has not been
heard from since. The chances are that
i siie has been driven off shore, but the char
: ier party expired on December 3l.
Tiie German bark Floltbe k is another
of the unfortunate.-. She left Santa Ro&a
--; liti hi ballast to load wheat at Portland.
she picked up a pilot off the Columbia
I River, but a gale springing up she could
not make port Driven by stress of
weather the captain took refuge in £
water Bay, ana there the vessel has been
ever since. The captain succeeded in get
! ting to Astoria, and there hired the
to ko ti> the assistance of his vessel. The
tug could not get the Fiottbeck out in face
i of the gale, and that charter was also lost.
Among the vessels that got in yesterday
: was the British ship Seafarer. Captain
; Tupman reports speaking the Hahnemann
'in latitude ss south, longitude S'6 wes .
November 13 last, so the vessel ought to
: oe along in a few days. The Seafarer had
an uneventful voyage, except when round
; itig the Horn a number of icebergs were
I encountered and some oi the men got
j frost bitten.
The British ship Snaigow, which arrived
yesterday, made a fair passage of 69 days
from Newcastle, M. S. \Y., beating; the
Inversnaid and Fresno. The latter is an
American bark, and is now out 92 day?.
She is an old vessel, having been built at
j Bath, Me., in 1874, and fears are enter
' tamed for her safety. Captain Attwood is
i a very careful commander, however, and
his friends say the Fresno will turn up in
goo(i time.
j The cruiser Boston came down from
Mare Island yesterday and anchored near
the Philadelphia. The admiral's flag iva-
I saluted and the roar of cannon made the
; echoes ring on the water front for about
I twenty minutes.
The steam schooner Sunol had a rough
! experience on her last trip up the
I coast. She wqs caught in the gale that did
so much damage on the coast, and had to
put into Coos ,Bay for repairs. Sue was
still in the hands of the carpenters when
the Alice B:anchard sailed.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
1 steamer Dora is being thoroughly fixed
j up for the coming season in Alaska. Ti:ere
i was not suliicient accommodation last
i year, so new deckhouses are being con-
I structed and the steamer is getting a
I thorough overhauling. The Dora will
'• start running between Sitka and Unalaska
j on April 1 next.
The barkentine C. C. Frank, which was
: in collision with the schooner Volante,
j has been thoroughly repaired and will Bail
| for Nanaimo, B. c, next Monday. At the
j latter piace she will load coal for Hono
i lulu, and on arriving there will bring
I sugar back to San Francisco. The barken
| tine S. G. Wilder is also going to Hono
lulu, and the J. D. Spree kels i» having a
new foremast put in, preparatory to start
j ing on the same route. All three vessels
will carry sugar.
The little steamer Reyna Barrios, that is
to tow coffee-lighters in the port of San
Jose de Guatemala, had an engineer's trial
trip on the bay yesterday. It was a suc
cess in every way, and the boat will be
turned over to her owners in time to ship
by tbe next steamer.
Detectives Egan and Crocker are very
anxious to lay their hands on Private
Smith of the marine corps on the Philadel
phia. On Thursday last he was given
shore liberty, and going into one of the
stores where the shin's provisions are pur
chased presented a check and said Captain
Coffin wanted it cashed. The money was
paid over and Smith disappeared. The
! check was a forgery, and the harbor police
! are now anxious to know his whereabouts.
SOCIALIST SENTIMENTS.
Let the Capitalists of England and
America Do All the Fight
ing.
The socialists were addressed by Morri
son Swift and other speakers in Mozart
Hal! upon the subject of the Government
ownership of railroads, last evening.
The principal point was made that an
equal proprietary right by the public in
this or other property would give the ngt
profit to the Government and not to in
dividuals.
Swift also held that the laborer had no
real part in the present war talk and
neither should he have.
"Let the politician and the capitalist
do the fighting:," said the speaker, "with
the money-lenders of England, and let the
poor men of both countries stay at home.
They will have enough to do if they look
out for their individual wants. Those
who are yearning for gold and glory may
get out their guns and -;o to shooting."
A Cable-Car Victim.
E. M. Mulvihill, a longshoreman who lives
at the Overland House and who says he is best
known about town by the name of James Ken
nedy, was knocked down by a cable-car at the
corner of Kenrny and Sutler streets yesterday
afternoon. His Injuries, not of a serfoas char
acter, however, were treated at the Receiving
liospital.
Will i'ay Teachers Tn-I>»y.
Many schoolteachers will Oe glad this morn
ing on' receiving their salary warrants, which
were to have been held back- until Monday.
The precious bits of paper will be ready at the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
rooms of the rtoaril of Education at 10 o'clock,
and as the treasury is in possession of suffi
cient money to pay them no teacher will go
away disappointed.
DRISCOLL'S TRIAL.
The First Case Against the Pool-
Sellers Belonging to the "Big
Kight."
Jerry Driscoll, the pool-seller at 20
Leidesdorff street, was on trial yesterday
before Judge Joachimsen on a charge of
violating the EUert ordinance prohibiting
the sale of rools on horseraces outside tlie
inclosure where the races take place.
The testimony for the prosecution was
to the effect that Sergeant Shea's squad of
police purchased tickets from a clerk in
the employ of Jerry Driscoll. The one
particular ticket in evidence called for a
wager of 25 cents on the horse Kowalsky.
That horse won the race, and the police
othcer drew down his winnings, and no
commission was charged him for the
handling of the wager.
Attorney W. W. Foote, who has been
specially engaged by the defense to assist
Attorneys J. H. Dickinson and Julius
Kahn, conducted the cross-examination.
He argued that it was incumbent upon
the prosecution to prove tliat the money
placed with Driscoll's clerk was not tele
graphed to the racetrack at Ingleside to be
wagered there. Further than that, he
asked that the case be dismissed, as the
charge was made against Driscoll, while
the evidence of the prosecution showed
that Driscoll did not handle the money,
nor did he issue the pool ticket. The argu
ment was continued until this morning.
A DESPONDENT ARCHITECT
Death of Henry S. Bestor Yes
terday at the City Receiv
ing Hospital.
He Was a Member of the Odd Fel
lows and of the Veteran Fire
men's Association.
Henry S. Bestor, formerly editor of the
Architect, died yesterday afternoon at the
Receiving Hospital. Bestor, who has
been quite despondent of late, is supposed
to have taken poison with suicidal intent.
He has lived for many months in the
otfice in which he transacted his business
as an architect at 408 California street.
Yesterday morning;, when the usual call
ers dropped in to see him, he complained
that he felt ill and stated he thought he
Architect H. K. Bcstor.
[From a photograph.)
had eaten something poisonous. Imme
diately after this he became unconscious,
in which condition he remained until
he died.
Dr. Fitzgibbon. at the Receiving Hos
pital, administered the usual remedies.
wbicb proved of no avail.
The deceased was about 60 years of avre
and a past grand patriot of Pacific Lodge,
1. O. 0. F. Ho was also a member of
the Pioneer Society and of the Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Society.
The news of Hestor's illness spread rap
idly and scores of people visited the Re
ceiving Hospital last evening to learn the
particulars of his case. Among them
were a number of young men, his pupils,
whom he has been educating to be
draughtsmen.
The remains were conveyed to the
Morgue.
LANE LECTURES.
Opening of the Fourteenth Annual
Course at Cooper Medical College.
The fourteenth annual course of Lane
i lectures at Cooper Medical College began
last evening. The lecture-room was uot
crowded, hut a good audience attended.
J»r. L. C. Lane was the lecturer, and
spoKe on t>.e "Circulation of the Blood."
After reviewing some of the early dis
coveries by theologians in search of tho
soul he led his hearer? to a consideration
of Harvey. Incidentally he mentioned
Lavoisier, who perished in the French
revolution und<?r Robespierre, who de
clared that France had no use for chem-
istry.
The great discovery made by Harvey,
who found that the blood went to the heart
through the veins and from it by the
arteries, was announced in a little book of
100 pages in Latin. He was tne physician
to James First and Charles First. He was
50 years of age when he made the great
discovery and lived to the ripe age of 80,
although his doctrine, when it was an
nounced, was not accepted by any physi
cian over 40.
"In the same manner," said Dr. Lane,
"the doctrine of antiseptics recently pro
mulgated at first received only the favor
of young physicians."
Dr. Lane referred to the ereat discoveries
made by Pasteur and Koch and asked
"Who can say that medicine has made no
progress?"
Tne next lecture of the course will be
livered by Dr. G. F. Hanson on the even
ing of January 17. The subject will be
"Our Native Flora."
HONORED AND TRUSTED.
Death of a 3lan Well Known in Rail
road Circles.
Frank L. Parker, who died in Worcester,
Mass., December 31, 1895, was well known
among the railroad men of the Pacific
Coast. He entered railroad service with
the Vermont Central Railroad, and was
subsequently appointed foreign agent of
the Hoosac Tunnel Line of Boston, in 1877.
He became assistant general freight agent
of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe in
1878. In 1882 he was appointed general
j freight and passenger agent of the north
ern division of the Mexican Central Kail
way, and was later promoted to the posi
tion of general freight and passenger
agent of the entire road, udoo its comple
tion to the City of Mexico.
In 1886 he became connected with the
Erie Dispatch Fast Frei lit Line and held
the position of assistant general manager
when appointed general freight agent of
the Great Northern Railway in 1890, from
Which position he resigned some three
years later to engage in an old established
manufacturing business w<th his brother
in Worcester, Mass.
He was married to a daughter of J. L.
Willcutt, secretary of the Market-street
Railway Company of this City.
CATHOLICS ARE ASTIR
The Young Men's Institute Is
Preparing for a Mass-
Meeting.
WILL BUILD A LARGE HALL.
Series of Lectures and Masses of Pub
lications on Catholic Truths in
View.
A movement has been started in the
Young Men's Institute having in prospect
several important matters for the benefit
of the order. Among the features to be
discussed and acted upon are the estab
lishment of a hall association to purchabe
a site nnd erect a handsome building for
the use of the institute, arranging for lec
tures and publication of Catholic litera
ture, and also increasing the membership
of the society.
"With this end in view the committee of
arrangements is distributing the follow
ing circular among members of the order
and Catholic young men who may be in
terested in the matter:
Headqvaiitkrs Young Men's Institute,)
Tenth and Market Streets, >
San FBAKCIBCO, Dec. 30, 1895. )
Dear Sir and Brother: The board of grand
directors of the Young Men's Institute have
arranged for a grand rally and mass-meeting
cf all the members of tne Y. If. I. and their
gentlemen friends (eligible to membership) at
Metropolitan Temple on the evening of Janu
ary (>, 1896, at 8 i. M. Matters of great impor
tance to the Young Men's Institute and Catho
lic young men generally will be discussed.
Grand President Lynch will preside. Promi
nent members of the order, among others Hon.
J. F. Sullivan and James F. Smith, will deliver
addresses, which will be interspersed with
musical numbers.
There is no necessity of impressing upon you
the necessitj of attending this meeting. Make
it a pers-onal matter to have the attendance as
large as possible. Yours fraternally,
Committee of arrangements.
Frank McGlynn. Chairman.
Admission by card only.
Several committees have been appointed
to make all preparations for this mass
meeting, for the reason that it is expected
to be fu 11 of significance for the Catholic
society.
John F. Callaghan, N. J. Hoey, R. E.
Fazackerly and E. J. O'Rourke have been
appointed a committee on press and adver
tising.
Frank McGlynn, Samuel Haskins and
T. I. Stanton have charge of the talent and
speakers.
D. J. Lewis. J. W. Shanahan and W.
Breslin are arranging for suitable decora
tions for the hall and stage, and E. B.
Thomas, John F. Callaghan and P. J. Me
(ilynn are attending to printing, etc.
The committee on reception is composed
of the general committee and presidents of
councus.
Many prominent men have been invited
toaci ;;s vice-presidents with the presi
dents <>f local councils of the institute.
"We hope to arouse new enthusiasm in
the order," said Frank McGlynn, chair
man of the committee, yesterday. "'So
much has been said about us on the out
side we feel that the truth ought to be
known, and this, indeed, is another cause
that impelled us to call a general gather
ing of the society. In this regard our pur
pose is to make arrangements at the mass
meet ings lor holding a series of lectures in
Saii Francisco and, if necessary, through
out the State on Catholic truth, to let the
people know fairly from ourselves our
position toward our fellow-men. We shail
secure eminent clergymen and laymen to
speak the train, and in tome of those lec
tures, while we will refrain from attacks
on anybody, we shall meet aspersions on
our own benevolent society and uphold
the truth. At the mass-meeting itself the
speakers will address the audience on these
line*.
■•In addition to the series of lectures we
wili consider a plan to print and distribute
Catholic literature throughout the State
and City— to scatter broadcast the truth of
Catholic teaching and of ourselves as
citizens.
"Another matter will be the celebration
of Institute day in a befitting manner. At
the last Grand Conned of the order in
Vallejo it was decided !o set aside one day
in the year for a celpbration by the insti
tute, and Washington's birthday in
February wis chosen as that day. Now
the society will determine upon a way of
observing the anniversary.
'The increase of membership of the
institute will be considered at the mass
rueeting, and v:e who have taken an active
part in the movement expect to see good
results from this effort.
"The question of establishing a head
quarters in rented "premises has been
dropped after mature deliberation. We
should have to pay $300 to $501) a month
for premises that we need for headquaters,
and that would be interest on a large sum
of money. So we came to t tie conclusion
that it would be most advisable to build a
hall of our own. This subject will be dis
cussed, and it is hoped that as a result of
the meeting Monday night a definite and
feasible plan shall be formed for a hall
association. The present idea is to have a
capital stock of about $7.5,000 to $100,000,
but not to exceed $100,000, unless the sub
scriptions warrant such a course.
"An association simikir to that of the
Native Sons' Hall Association will likely
be organized. Then the ;>lan is to buy a
l«jt in a suitable location and put upa
building large enough for all purposes.
Year-- ago the same subject was taken up
and very good progress made with it, but
the promoters aimed too high altogether
and consequently the affair :e 1 through.
With more modest views now and a society
better prepared to take up in • <iuestion of
a permanent home in San Francisco we
feel certain that our project will simply
boom from the start. The sentiment in
the order runs all that way, and as for the
active movers in the matter — they are most
enthusiastic.
"This looks like a favorable turning
point in the history of the institute."
WHY GOLLOBER SIGNED.
Claims That He Was Threatened,
Menaced and Intimi
dated.
Directors of a San Luis Obispo Bank
ing-House Sued on Serious
Charges.
J. Gollober, through his attorney, Marcus
Rosenthal, has be^un a suit in the Justices'
court in which he makea serious charges
against R. E. Jack. W. L. lieebee, W. H.
Spencer, Nathan Goldtree and A. Pre
furne, directors of the First National Bank
of San Luis Obispo, one of whom — Gold
tree —is a resident of this City and County.
The paragiaph of the complaint that
tells the story reads as follows:
That thereafter, to wit., on the Ist day of
October, 1890, the said defendants, by threats,
menace and intimidation, compelled tha
plaintiff to, and this plaintiff did solely by
reason and through fear induced by said
threat?, menace and intimidation, execute
and deliver unto said corporation his certain
negotiable promissory note in writing, in the
words and figures following, etc.
Up to September, 1890, as told by the
complaint, Uollober conducted a business
at San Luis Obispo, when lie failed, and
his creditors took a hand in his affairs.
A meeting was held and Uollober was
NEW TO-DAY.
Only rounded spoonfuls are required — not heaping spoonfuls.
told that if he would put all his available
assets that were exempt from execution
into the liands of a trustee for the benefit
of those to whom he was owing he would
be discharged from all further claims.
This, he alleges, was done, and he sup
posed he was at liberty to go on his way a
poorer but wiser man. On October lof
1890, however, the defendants by the
threats, menace and intimidation men
tioned forced him to sign the notes. This
transaction, he says, took place after he
had turned over his assets and supposed
he was free of obligation. Later the bank
transferred the notes, aggregating $252 37,
to Marcus Lasar, v. ho sued on them in
March, 1893, and obtained a judgment,
which Gollober was compelled to pay in
order to save having an execution levied
on his property.
The plaintiff states in his complaint that
the directors of the bank knew that the
notes were not legal from the manner in
which they were obtained, and sues for
the amount he was compelled to pay, with
costs.
AN EX-DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
James 1). Page Arrested in New York
and Will Be Brought Back Here.
Detective Anthony will leave this City
to-day for Sacramento, where he is to pro
cure extradition papers for James D. Page,
ex-District Attorney for this City and
County.
Anthony's mission is in answer to the
following telegram:
New York, Jan. 3, 1896.
P. Crowley, Chief of Police, San Francisco:
James D. Page under arrest. Send warrant at
once. Hurry requisition papers. Answer.
Stephen O'Brien,
Acting Chief. Detective Bureau.
Page is accused of misappropriatings4342
belonging to Louis Lichtinger, an insane
person, whose guardian he has been by ap
pointment of the Superior Court.
HOLLIS HITCHCOCK DEAD.
The Millionaire Dies of Kidney
Disease at Lane's Hos-
pital.
He Will Be Buried at Bloomfield To-
Day — Between Thirty and
Forty Heirs.
Hollis Hitchcock, the rccentric million
aire, who has been ill for some time past
of Bright' s disease at Dr. Lane's hospital,
died yesterday afternoon. His nephews,
Mr. Le Baron of Sonoma an i Ben F.
Hitchcock of Salinas, were with him.
The will of the millionaire was made
over a week ago, his nephew, rx- District
Attorney L. V. Hitchcock of Tehama,
coining here in reference to it.
It is said the old gentleman's estate will
amount to from $2,000,000 to f >.000,000. It
is mainly in lands, though he owns inter
ests in five brinks and has $10i',000 worth
of stock in the Donahue railroad. How
much other property he owns it is difficult
to tell, as the old man was quite secretive.
His land lies in large tracts in .Sacra
mento, Sonoma, Mendociuo, Tvlarin, Mon
terey, Fresno and other counties. One of
his most valuable properties is the old
Sam Potter ranch in Sonoma. He also
owns 3000 acres on Grizzly Island, in tne
Sacramento Kiver.
There are between thirty and forty heirs,
most of them being nephews and nieces,
and residing about half and half in East
ern Cannda and California. Seven oreignt
of the California relatives, however, are
said to be the beneficiaries.
The funeral will take place at PJloom
lifld, via Petaluma, in Sonoma County,
to-morrow.
He was a cattle-dealer in the early days,
and made much money in drivingbeeves
to the mines. His proiiis were invested
largely in lands at low figures. He was a
notable character.
TO PREVENT BURIALS.
Richmond Property-O-.viiers Appear Be-
for© the Board of Superv:sorß. ,
A delegation of members of the Rich
mond Property-Owners' Association was
in attendance at yesterday's meeting of
the Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors to urge the board to
adopt the following ordinance formulated
by the association to prevent further
burials within the City and County of San
Francisco :
Section 1. That it shall be unlawful, after
the passage of this resolution, for any person,
association or corporation hereafter, within
the limits of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, to purchase, acquire, sell, lease, or in
any other manner dispose of, or make avail
able any land situated therein for the purpose
of interring any human body, or any portion
of any human "body, except in such lots or
plats as may have been already purchased by
parties for their own uf-e, or the use of their
famili.-s; provided the said lots shall not be
used ldr general interment purposes.
Sec. 'I. Any person or persons violating any
of the provisions of this order shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a line not less
than one hundred (100) dollars, nor more than
live hundred (500) dollars, or imprisonment
not exceeding six (t>) months, or both such fine
ami imprisonment.
Sec. 3. Any and all ordinances or orders in
conflict herewith are hereby repealed.
This order shall be in force from and after its
passage.
The oommitteft wanted further time to
investigate the matter and action was
postponed for one week.
LIBERTY POST, G. A. R.
Newly .Elected Ottlcera Installed— The
Organization Prosperous.
The newly elected officers of Liberty Post
No. 133, G. A. R., were duly installed at
the post hall, 20 Eddy street, last evening.
The ceremonies were conducted by T. C.
Masteller, adjutant-<:eneral of tl>e depart
ment. The officers installed are: W. J. Paik,
P. C. ; H. C. Smith, S. P. C. ; S. McLinden, J.
V. C. ; William Hunt, surgeon; L. S.
Harvey, Q. M.J Elias Shank, chaplain; R.
F. Hutchins, O. D.; F. W. Paty, O. G.; S.
M. Carr, adjutant; S. H. Yeomans, ser
geant major, and R. O. Berry, Q. M. ser
geant.
An agreeable entertainment followed the
installat on. The exercises consisted of:
Solo, "Company B," Miss Addie Park;
recitation, "Country Justice," Bessie
Harvey; songs, Daisy Bishop, and the
Cotton children in "Razor Jim" and other
specialties.
The meeting was open, and quite a lanre
number of ladies and gentlemen attended
the exercises.
Liberty Post is in a fairly prosperous
condition. It has held its own very well
during the past year, and gives promise
of renewed vitality.
THAT AMENDMENT PLAN.
Arizona's Executive Gives It
the Seal of His Ap
proval.
PUBLIC OPINION OMNIPOTENT.
■
The Anti-Saloon Convention Refers
the Address to Its Executive Com
mittee for Consideration.
The National Amendment Club plan,
which was originated by Thomas S. Har
rison, one of the active workers on tem
perance lines in this City, is receiving fa
vorable notice in the religious and reform
press of the country.
Letters from representatives of the re
form movements, commendatory of the
measure, are receivecf by Mr. Harrison
daily. Among these letters are the follow
ing:
Territory of Arizona, Executive Office)
Ph<SNIX, Ariz.. Dec. 26, 1895. j
Thomas S. Harrison, 3(/2 Montgomery utreet,
San Francisco, CaL — Dear Sib: The National
Amendment Club plan suggested as the means
tp pulverize the liquor tratlic is to be highly
commended. It will make public opinion, and
public opinion is omnipotent.
It will enlist every advocate and sympathizer
in the cause; and als-o with public opinion
crystalized on the issue will bring the amend
ment. Push the good work and a harvest will
be the result. Sincerely yours, L. C. Hughes.
Washington, D. C, Dec. 18, 1895.
.Vr. Thomas £>'. Harrison, 302 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, CaL— l<ear Sir: By advice of
eminent clergymen and others an effort is
lieing made to circulate the address coiueniing
the .National Amendment Club plan, which
was outlined in the Christian Herald. The
whole country should be reached and your
amendment work thereby promoted. In 1870
1 began it, and ii you will liud the Congres
sional Records of the Fifty-fourth Congress
you will perhaps be interested to rend the
original spsech upon National prohibition.
You are on the rit'ht road. Keep pushing
and in time you will get to the Promised Laud.
Yours truly,' Hknhy W. BLAIR.
Mrs. Maria Freeman Gray, recording
spcretiiry of the National Reform Execu
tive Committee, writes from Milhngtnn,
.Mas;.. :
I approve most heartily of your "amend
ment plan." It is indeed well adapted to
hasten "the Waterloo of the liquor truffle.'' I
never felt more strongly than I do now that
reformers m^>t unite. It i.~, a< another has
said, "a political crime not to do so."
National Akti-Saloom Convention-,
Washington-. l>. C, Dec. -J4, 18;>5. |
Mr. Thomas s, Harrison, 302 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, Ca.!. — DeajsSib: The "California
j delegate to the Anti-saloon Convention" came
duly to hand. The petition was r.-a'i to the
convention, displayed In tfe halldnring the
proceedings and n.-d.rred to tiie executive
committee for further consideration. The
! petition made an impressive display. Very
truiy yours, James L. Kwin,
Recording Secretary A. S. L.
COLONEL'S COMMISSION
Governor Budd Will Sign Mac
donald's at Sacramento
To-Day.
A Nice Point of Military Law May
Deprive Colonel O'Connor of a
Command.
Dispatches from Sacramento announce
that Governor Budd will to-day issue the
commission of Colonel Macdonald, pur
suant (o the recent election, it being held
that the election was legal. General War
field last evening expressed his satisfac
tion, stating that the finding was just
what he expected, since it upheld tne de
cision rendered from brigade headquar
ters.
In connection with the recent election
there is a nice point in military law which
seriously affects the prospects of two of
ficers who were successful in their fight
for indorsement, and which will come be
fore the board oi location for determina
tion. The officers affected are Colonel
O'Connor, who was indorsed for lieuten
ant-colonel, and Captain Tilden, retired,
who was indorsed for major.
"When the consolidation of repiments
was effected it forced upon the list
of supernumeraries Lieutenant-Colonels
Crocker, Geary and Smith and Majors
Drady, Huber and Jansen, and these men
thus became subject to assignment for
duty at the pleasure of the conimander-in
chief. The brigade orders under which
Colonel Macdonald was elected called not
for the election of a lieutenant-colonel
ana a major, but for an expression of the
otficial preference for those positions. For
that reason the choice of the most popular
NE\7 TO-DAT.
W GENEROUS
J^. OFFER!
We will give $20 for any case of
Catarrh that cannot be cured by our
treatment, price $2 50. Trial treat-
ment free.
Oil PfiIGES ILWAIS THE LOWEST.
HOT-WATER BOTTLES:
2-quart, 65c; 3-quart. 70c; 4-qaart.. 80c
cumain Syringes, Wood box :
2-quart, 70c; 3- quart, 80c; 4-quart... 90c
! Quinine Pills, 2 grains, per 300...'.... 25c
I Quinine Pills, 3 grains, per 100.... 35c j
j Munyon's Remedies, 15c, 303 and 60c'
j Scn'.t's Emulsion and Hood's Sr'arparllla. 65c |
! Pink Pills and Syrup Fig 5...... 35c
TKI.'SSES, others ask $5 to $10, our price..
.:. $1 75 10 $500
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries, from $5 t0... 525 00
Obesity Belts $i! 25
Electric Belts, from $5 t0... ". $25 00
j Silk 5t0cking5............. $3 50
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 Iklarls.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
lieutenant-colonel was necessarily con
fined to lieutenant-colonels, and Colonel
O'Connor, not being of thai rank, was not
eligible for indorsement. The choice lay
among the three existing ottieers of that
rank, and among them only.
Similarly Captain Tilden (retired), not
being a major, was do more eligible, under
the orders, for indorsement for that office
than was any non-military citizen.
Military authorities state further in the
case of Colonel O'Connor that it is unpre
cedented for an officer to be lowered in
rank for the sake oi giving him a com
mand, if indeed such reduction in rank be
not impossible. A lieutenant-colonel may
be assigned to a colonel's command, they
say, or may be made colonel by brevet, but
the brevet canr.ot be made to work the
other way. Regular army officers also
comment unfavorably upon Colonel O'Con
nor's willingness to undergo a reduction in
rank for the sake of securing a command.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
rHICOLAfIOLR.GOTTLOD e, r=- n^tSAKrurM'.ZJ---
THIS AVTEKXOON AM> TO-NIGHT.
San Fraricisco's Kavorite I imedienne,
FANNY RICE
As "XANCY" In Her I.utf-s: Success,
AT THE FRENCH BALL.
Monday Next— Return of tho Favorites, TUB
FKAWLEI" COMPANY.
P»T»1 EATRE™ PROPS.
LAST 3 TI3IES !
Matinee To-d»y, To-night and Sunday
HERRMANN SSLt
Preseutlni? His Marvelous
BFL!,!C r-CATCHING FEAT!
In Conjunction wirii His Kntertalnment of Magic,
Mirth and Mysti
jKS" Remember. Lns: 1 Ime Sunday Night.
Next Uonday— MAKlK WAIN WRIGHT
In "DAPGHTIiBS OF EVE."
THEATRE PROP& -
FAKEAVELL PKRFORMANCES !
MATJNEE TO-IIAY
TO-NIGHT AND SI NUAY XIGHT,
Everybody's Favorite Comedienne,
■ In John J. McNally's Farce Comedy Hit,
THE WIDOW JONES.
Next Wook-MK. LOUIS JAMES
In "Vir^:niu3." "Hamlet," "Macbeth."
§£&^ i4l CA7 A D
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
SUCCESS OF"TUE SEASON :
"OUR BOARDISfI-lIOCSE."
■ Leonard Grovef Jr. and Leonard Grover Sr.
In Their Original I'.r>;<
THE GREAT SLADE MURRAY.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 250.
Night Prices— lOc. 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
NEXT MONDAY
"MY PRECIOUS BABY I"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. tK>KSTi».-o: Kbi-i.;n ■-. Proprietor AManifii
THIS EVENING
The Gorgeous Holiday i;ur>«quc,
.Or. THE MM fl^Tllii H'HEEL. _
GKEAT CAST ! GUAXw BALIEXI
IUiAITIFIL SCENERY!
The Wondrous Transformation .
"SEA SHELLS."
NEXT WEEK
A SECOND EDITION!—^
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES! /
SEATS NOW OX SALE.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
MOROSCO'S
I GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
The Handsomest Family Theatar in America.
i WALTEIt MOKOSCO, so:e Lessee and Munasar
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Rank in and Maeder's Great Comedy- Drama,
"THE RUNAWAY WIFE!"
"A story of intense interest, touching pathos and
inimitable humor."— York Critique.
Fvenixo Prickj— 2sc anl s>s.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Min'Hr.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stoclctoa aal Po-rslt.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), JAN. 4.
Parquet, any seat, 2bc; Balcony, any seat, 100[
Children, any part, 10c. .... ■-.";;
A BRILLIAn SEVTVEVR'S BIU!
Introducing Stars of the First Magnitude.—
CARON AND HERBERT,
BERNARD DYLLYN,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
CLIFFORD AND HUTH,
And Our Unrivaled Vaudeville Co.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
THE FK A I, YC O M AN V !
Matinee To-<lny-"I>oST I'AKADISE."
To-night— farewell Performance,
"THK BKNATOB."
l'ricos— 2sc, 5Uc, 75c— No higher.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
DAILY FROM 1 TO 11 P. 31.
WEATHER PERMITTING, .
SPECIAL-SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
MISS ESSIE VIOLA
Will Give a Wonderful Balloon Ascen-
sion and Parachute Drop.
AD3IISSION 10 CENTS
Children (includlug a Merry-Go-Bound Ride), 10c.
RACING! RACINGI RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, Decsmbar 26,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Kuuiniuy. Ham or Shin >.
FIVE Olt'MOltK KACEB EACH DAY.
- . Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the &at«.
R. B. JIILROY. TUOS. U. WILLIAM.-* JK..
faecrutory. ficsld«at>
78
A FLOOD OF LIGHT ON THE CHURCH SCANDAL
Mrs. Thurston Reveals Dr.
Brown's Relations
With Mattie.
PRESENTS, KISSES, HUGS.
The Pastor Said to Have Squeezed
Her Hand and Gave
a Gold Watch.
MET IN A LODGING-HOUSE.
Mrs, Baddin and Mrs. Tunnell Traced.
Oakland Ministers Take
Action— Opinions.
"Yon and God for it, Mattie," is what
Mrs. Tuurston declares she sail to Miss
Overman, when the hitter mentioned her
proposed trip to Tacoma in the company
of Dr. Brown.
Mr?. Thurston, the Oakland evangelist,
tells a t-tartlirig story in to-day's Call,
which corroborates in every detail the
charge made by Mr?. Davidson against Dr.
C. 0. Brown of immorality.
In a graphic way she describes Miss
Overman and her professions of Chris
tianity, gradually leading up to the al
leged relations existing between Dr.
Brown and her young friend, as confessed
by the latter.
Mrs. Thnrston says that she went with
Mrs. Tunnell to the room of Miss Over
man^ Mster, o:\ Market street, between
Sixth and Seventh, and there found Mat
tie and her sister, the latter being some
what en deshabille.
"1 was surprised to find Mattie in the
room with a gentleman," she continues.
"He was introduced to me as Dr. Brown."
"Mattie told me Dr. Brown gave her all
the little attentions a woman likrs so well.
She said he would come to her room and
build a tire for her and do other things, all
of which Mrs. 3irown did not approve.
"Mattie told me that it was necessary for
h<-r to attend all Dr. Brown's sermons as
he could not preach as well when she was
not before him.
"She also mid she had been out on the
beach witn Dr. Brown; that Mrs. Brown
had to go poking out there, too, and that
some people did not know enough to stay
at home when they were not wanted.''
In closing her remarkable statement
Mrs. Thnrston declares Dr. Brown to be
'"one of the most hardened sinners who
has ruined the life of an innocent girl."
It transpired yesterday that the Minis
terial Union of Oakland is pvirsuinga quiet
investigation on its own account into the
charges agaiiu-t Dr. Brown. For some days
this has been going on, but nothing defi
nite has been learned ot the investigations.
Since the first published story from Mrs.
Thurston in Thursday's Cam. the minis
ters have been decidedly anxious to have
Dr. McLean meet Mrs. Thurston. Thurs
day, A. D. Coplin, a well-known lay
]>:« acherof Oakland, called on Mrs. Thurs
ton and tried to pave the way for Dr. Mc-
Lean to hear what she might tell.
Mrs. Thurston was not anxious to talk,
and yesterday Mr. Coplin made a second
visit for the same Durpose. As Mrs.
Thurston goes on the staml this morning
it is likely that the ministers will not re
quire further testimony than that given by
the lady under oath.
Dr. J. K. McLean is the head of the
regational Seminary, and is the oldest
minister of that creed on the coast.
It is surmised that a certain amount of
credence to the charges made against Dr.
Brown :s given by his broilier ministers
When it should be considered worthy of
engaging the time of so busy and influen
tial a n an as Dr. Me!
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Davidson will be resumed in Judge Camp
bell's court this ruori:
MRS. THURSTON TALKS.
Goes Into Minute Details Concern-
Ing the Brown-Overman-
Davidson Case.
Mrs. C. E. Thurston of Oakland is prob
ably the only woman who knows the
whole trnth concerning the scandal in
Rev. C. o. Brown and Miss Over
■<re involved. I,nst nipht she con
tented to tell the facts to The Call rep
•ttive and her story will no doubt
;on to everybody on this
• where the various parties are so well
known.
Mr?. Thurston is a woman beyond re
proach and is of middle age. She has,
with her husband, been engaged in active
evangelical work in this State for many
years. From Eureka to San Diego Mr.
Mrs. Thurston are known as models
of uprightness and as earnest Christians.
- ras of ministers and thousands of rep
utable people would be only too willing to
MRS. STOCKTON IE! LING UfcK STORY TO A "CALL" REPORTER
[Sketched fr em life.]
testify to the unimpeachable charncter of
these earnest people.
It is from a strict sense of duty that Mr?.
Thurston told herstory. Every effort to
induce her to speak had been in vain. She
only consented to give her sensational
story t>> The Call because she considered
the time had come when it would ill be
come her, as a professing Christian, to
bold her peace. She has known the history
of the case since the fall of 1894, when she
was residing with her husband at 715
Giiugh street, San Francisco.
"When I saw that the attorneys
were making every effort to convict
Mrs. Davidson regardless of the facts, for
the purpose of shielding one of the most
hardened of sinners, who has ruined the
life of an innocent girl, I became aroused
and decided it was time to speak and let
the world know what kind of a man was
being dealt with," said Mrs. Thnrston.
In giving out the story which follows
she explained that she did it out of a sense
of duty and unrestrainedly with minute
details that "there might be no chance for
the guilty to slip out of tbe net which they
have wound about themselves, and with
out any aim except to let justice be done
to all." She said:
"I met Miss Mattie Overman with Mrs.
Tunnel 1 the lirst time along in August,
lS'.'A. It was during the meetings of Rev.
J. 11. Allen, at the St. Paul's mission, on
Mission street. It was not there I met
her, but at the Grant-avenue Mission.
Mrs. Tunnell introduced Mattie to me as
her friend from Tacoma. As is our cus
tom at the missions 1 asked Miss Overman
'Are you a Christian ?' She replied, 'l am
trying to be.' As they left, Mrs. Tunnell
turned aside and said to me, quietly, 'Pray
fur my friend; she thinks sue is a Chris
tian.' 1 took it that Mrs. Tunnell did not
believe the girl was converted.
"I next met her at the Friends' mission
on McAllister street. After this she called
at my house with Mrs. Tunnell and we
formed quite a friendship and became
quite intimate. It was some little time
utter this, how long I don't know, before I
heard anything about Pr. Brown. It was
during the month. A party of several of us
were en route to the St. Paul's Mission. It
came around that Mattie and I walked
together, while Mr. Thurston walked with
some of the others.
"She asked me if I had ever met Dr C.
0. Brown. I replied I had not. She said
she had met him in Tacoma and thought
he was a line man. He was so pleasant
and agreeable to have about.
"I looked at Mattie oosely and asked,
'Is there nothing but friendship between
you and Dr. Brown, Mattie? You cannot
be too careful.' I said it without one
thought of anything but a caution to the
firl. She replied, "How sharp you are to
etect tilings.' 1 thought her reply was
quite strange, but something stopped the
conversation, and nothing more out of the
usunl occurred or was said that evening.
"It is impossible to say how many times
Mattie v:sited at my home after this. She
would run in nearly every day. Mrs. Tun
nell was an old friend, and the two were
soon as members of the family. Mattie
was then rooming with Mrs. Tunnell at 27
Second street. Had I died this story
would have gone to the grave with me, for
I never intended to reveal it to any one."
Mr. Tlmrston, who had entered, said the
story was all news to him, and he would
listen to it with as much interest as the
reporter. Mrs. Thurston went on:
"Mattie was converted one night at the
St. Paul Mission, and feeemed to be deeply
interested in the truths of the Bible, she
would often come to the house and we
would study over them together. She
said she believed the Lord was preparing
her for entering the evangelistic work,
.-die was honest and sincere then, whatever
she is now. One evening about this time
she told me she had to go to Dr. Brown's
to make something right with his family.
I did not know what it was, and do not
now. This whs the rirst I Knew she was ac
quainted witn Dr. Brown's family.
•'A few days later she came in "and said
she had been to Dr. Brown's and per
formed her duty and made it right with
them. 'It took all the courage and crace
I had to-day to do something, but I did it
and the Lord repaid me for 'it,' was what
fche said.
■'Sue said Mr. and Mrs. Brown had in
vited her to make their home her home. It
was during this conversation that i learned
of Dr. Brown's profession of love to her.
She said one night Dr. and Mrs. Brown
ami she were walking home together and
the doctor reached back and took her
hund and squeezed it. She said he had vis
ited iier at Mrs. Tunnell's room. Shesuid
Dr. Brown would come to her with open
aims, and throwing them about her
squeeze and kiss her, Bhe said although
Bne was a love-sick girl he was worse than
sh".
"When Mrs. Tnnnell came in I asked
her if she thought it right, under the cir
cumstances, to allow Mattie to go and live
at Brown's. I said if I was not going to
move I would give her a home with me.
She replied, 'Mattie is a poor girl and it is
not strange they offered her a home. If
she accepts it Dr. Brown is able to give a
luxurious home with all the ease and com
forts.' Mattie left Mrs. Tunnell's and
went to Dr. Brown's almost immediately.
She attended tne meetings after this, but
not a- regularly. It wat- said among out
siders Mattie went to Brown's to sew for
them.
•When I next saw Mattie to talk with
her she told me Dr. Brown gave her all
the litt'e attentions a woman likes so well.
She said be would come to her room and
build a fire for her and do other things for
her, which Mrs. Brown did not approve
of. At, that time 1 Had never met Dr.
Brown. Mattie invited me to attend ser
vice at his church. She said it was neces
sary for her to attend all his sermons, as
he could not preach as well when she was
not before him. She said she was absent
one Sunday, and Dr. Brown made such
a failure that people questioned him to
know what was the matter with him.
"It was about this time that Mrs. Ashb",
Matties sister, who had been visiting her
parents in T;i oma, came down to San
Francisco and went to a hotel on the south
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 4, 1896.
side of Market street, between Sixth and
Seventh. Sho occupied a room on the
third lloor. Mrs. Tunnell broueht Mrs.
Ashby to my house, and introduced her.
Some days later Mrs. Tunnell requested
me to go over to Oakland to visit Key. and
Mrs. J. H. Allen. I consented, and we
started. When we reached Market street
Mrs. Tunnell said she wanted to stop and
gel an address from Mrs. Ashby. She took
me up on the elevator and went direct to
Mrs. Ashby's door. As she knocked, I
stepped back rather out of sight. Mrs.
Ashby appeared in rather dishabille, only
opening the door a little. When she saw
who it was, she said : 'Oh! It is you. Come
in.' Mrs. Tunnell went in as the door was
opened, and I followed her.
"I was surprised to rind Mattie in the
room with a gentleman. He was intro
duced to me as Dr. Brown. It was then
not later than 10 o'clock. It was the first
time 1 ever met him, and I was rather sur
prised to rind him there. There was only
one room. Mattie looked haggard, care
worn and worn out. Mrs. Tunnell said to
Dr. Brown she was soliciting for the poor.
He put his hand into his pocket and drew
out a silver dollar, giving it to her. I
kissed Mattie ns we left and told her to be
a good girl. We left them all in the room
a* we found them.
"1 he last time Mattie came to my house
on Gough street was one afternoon about
4 o'clock. She said she had been at the
beach with Dr. Brown. I believe she
added, 'and his family.' I am not sure,
however, about that. She was greatly
agitated and very serious; in fact, unusu
ally so, and appeared to be greatly trou
bled. She made the remark, 'Some* people
do not know enough to stay at home when
they are not wanted; Mrs. Brown had to
go poking out to the beach.'
'•When she departed I went to the door
with hc-r, and she said she had to be home
and dressed for dinner by 5 o'clock. I
looked at her and said: 'Mattie. you have
lost that sweet smile of yonrs; it was so
like an innocent child's. Where is your
Christianity? Have you lost all that
sweet peace which used to shine in your
face?' She replied, l I think so,' and
dropped her eyes from mine.
"Mrs. Tunnell came to me after this
and said Dr. Brown and Mattie wanted to
know what I meant when I said to Mattie
in Mrs. Ashby's room in the Market-street
hotel that day, 'be a good girl,' I told her
to tell them" that I meant just what I
said.
"About this time Mrs. Ash by joined her
husband in the niines of Eastern Nevada.
I moved to 213 Gough street about that
time and did not see Mattie for several
weeks. I heard of her, however, through
Mrs. Tunnell, who was a frequent caller.
One day Mattie called and looked greatly
troubled, haggard and distressed. I said,
'Mattie, you look bad and as if you were in
trouble and in dreadful distress. 1 She ad
mitted that she was in trouble. 'We've
had trouble at the house last night,' she
said. She referred to Dr. Brown's. 'I
shall have to go back home to Tacoma,
and I don't want to go.
"I asked her why she did not want to go
home, as I supposed she would naturally
want to see her parents. She said one
reason she did not want to go was that
Dr. Brown would miss her at the house,
and it would be so lonesome and gloomy
for him. He had told her she was the
only sunshine in his home, as his marriage
was uncongenial, and his home had never
been a happy one.
'She said Dr. Brown and she went into
the dining-room together, where Mrs.
Brown was sitting, and he requested Mrs.
Brown as a favor to him to invite Mattie
to remain all winter in their home to make
it bright and cheerful. Mrs. Brown sat
there and shook her head. Mattie said
Mrs. Brown said something which made
her stamp her foot and say : 'How dare you
make such a remark about me? Mrs.
Brown, I'll get even with you.' She then
told her what Dr. Brown had told her of
his wife's conduct as if she knew all
about it.
"I said to Mattie one day when Mrs.
Tunnell had been talking of going away,
'What will Dr. Brown do when Mrs. Tun
nell is gone?' She replied: 'Mrs. Davidson
is a bosom friend of theirs and the doctor
and I will confide in her. She will be the
doctor's adviser ana counselor. It has all
been agreed among them.' I asked Mrs.
Tunnell ona time, why it was she did not
use her influence to keep Mattie from go
ing with Dr. Brown to Tacoma. She re
plied: 'I have lost my influence over Mat
tie. Mrs. Davidson has taken my place
with the girl. It is no use for me to talk
any more with Mattie.'
"Mattie told me one time that Dr.
Brown flattered her, Baying she was a
talented woman, and admired an evening
dress she wore, telling her how nice she
looked in it. She was always well-dres3ed
after she went to Dr. Brown's to live.
"One day she took out a beautiful gold
watch to see the time aud called my at
tention to it, saving it was a gift from her
sister. She said she had been given one
before, but had parked with it, but she
would never part with this one.
"One day last spring Mattie came to my
house and told me Dr. Brown was goins;
to Tacorna on a lecturing tour, and that
she was coint; with him on the same
Bteamer. I tried to persuade her not to
go, as it would ruin her reputation, and
his al3O, if he had any to ruin. After con
siderable talk about the matter Mattie
and I kneeled down and prayed over it.
"When we arose she promised me she
would not no on the steamer with him.
Bhe said, 'l feel the Lord has sent you to
me at this trying time.' I replied that she
never seemed to want him when she was
having a good time. She said, 'if Mrs.
Tunuell had talked to me as you have I
would not be where I am to-day.'
"The next evening 1 saw her at the St.
Paul Mission, and she told me she was
going to Tacoma with Dr. Brown on the
steamer. She said that when she went
home Mrs. Davidson and Dr. Brown held
a conference. They said if she went first
and he followed or whether ho went first
and she followed him it would create sus
picion and cause talk, sp it was decided
sue had better go with him on the steamer.
I said: 'You and God for it, Mattie. 1
"I have never met the child from that
night to this. That was my good-by to
her. Dr. Brown and she went to Tacoina
the next day on the steamer together.
Shortly after Mattie left, her sister, Mrs.
Ashby", returned froiM Nevada and came to
see rue at Matties request. I did some
sewing for her. I asked if she was stop
pine at the same place she did on her for
mer visit, and she said ehe was not, as she
did not want Dr. Brown to know where
she was rooming, as he would come to see
her and she did not wnnt him. I did not
ask her why and she did not tell me.
"She asked me if Mattie had shown me
the gold watch Dr. Brown pave her before
they went to Tacoma. You remejiber
Mattie told me that Mrs. Ashby gave*it to
her.
"She said she had received a letter from
Mattie and I asked her if Mattie had yet
got over her infatuation for Dr. Brown.
She replied, 'Oh, no, she is almost worried
sick and says she cannot stand to be sep
arated from him much longer.' I then
asked how it was with Dr. Brown. She re
piied, 'Oh, he is as had as Mattie. Don't
you know he can't half preach since she
has Deen absent?'
•*ob, to think of that hardened old sin
ner and how he has ruined that girl's life.
A. few days after there was another letter
from Mattie. Mrs. Tunnell had moved to
Oakland and Mrs. Ashb% T requested me to
go with her to see Mrs. 'f nnnell. She said
Mattie was getting desperate and was
coming to the City at all costs. She coula
not stand it any longer; it was so lone
some s>he could not stay there. Mrs. Ash by
said Dr. Brown wanted to find Mrs. Tunnell
to send her to Tacorua to persuade Mattie
not to come to the City. We set a day to
go to Oakland. One nicht before we were
to go to Oakland Dr. Brown's 14-year-old
son came to me in the Bt. Paul Mission and
said, 'Papa wants to know if you can give
him Mrs. Tunnell's address. I told the
boy I did not remember it. 'Papa is
back there,' be said, pointing to the rear
of the hall, but I did not go back to him.
A couple of days later he came to my
house and Asked for Mrs. Tunnell's ad-
dross. I »o!d him I had not yet secured
it, bfit directed him to a store near where
she resided and told him they would be
likely to know where she lived.
"The day set for Mrs. Ashhy and I to co
to Oakland to see Mrs. Tiinnell, Mrs.
Ash by came to my bouse. When we were
MRS. THURSTON.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
ready I went to the door to go out and
opened it. I was standing face to face
with Mrs. Tunnel]. I invited her in, and
we three had lunch. Mrs. Ashby invited
us all to her place for dinner. We went
downtown and I went to the Mission.
Mrs. Tunnell told us she was going to
leave the next morning for Tacnrna. We
met in the evening at Mrs. Ashby's and
had dinner together. Mrs. Tunnell stayed
that night with a Mrs. Smith of Hyde
street. She is a schoolteacher, and was
in town to-day attending the Teachers'
Association. Mrs. Tunnell did not have
anything to say regarding her trip or its
purpose.
"Mrs. Ashby told me Dr. Brown was to
pay all of Mrs. Tunnell's expenses while
she was gone and $10 extra. The papers
the next day said Mrs. Tunnell had gone
to Central America. Mrs. Ashby told me
Dr. Brown had it published in'that way.
Mrs. Ashby went north herself about two
weeks later.
"Mrs. Ashby told me that Mrs. David
son was a most faithful woman, and a
friend in whom Dr. Brown confided most
implicitly. I asked her one day if Mrs.
Davidson could be trusted. 'Oh," yes, 1 she
said. She is an honorable woman and a
good Christfan.' I never saw Mrs. David
son but three times that I now recall, and
what I say is only to do justice.
"I met Mrs. Tunnell often after sbe re
turned from Tacoraa. One day in May
last I met her and she said Mattie had re
t.irned to the City and was attending
Heald's Business College. I met her again
in November. Bhe broached the subject
of Mattie by saying the girl's health was
failing again. I asked how she was and
Mrs. Tunnell replied, 'Well, I am afraid
she is having trouble.' In a roundabout
way she suid the girl was greatly dissatis
fied and had some fear for her reason.
" 'Is Dr. Brown trying to discard Mat
tie?' 1 asked.
" 'Yes, I fear he is,' was the reply.
"Womanlike, I could not refrain from
saying, 'I told you so. What is Mattie do
ing?' Tasked. 'Has she lost her Christian
experience?
"'Yes; I fear she has, 1 was the reply.
'All she seems to think of lately is to have
a new bonnet every month."
" 'Where does she get the money to use
so freely?'
11 'Oh, she draws $35 each month. You
know Dr. Brown has been called East to a
big church at a bic salary. Matti- says he
intends to leave hor here, after having
ruined her spiritually and bodily — leave
her to work out a miserable existence.
"Wouldn't he be a fine one to discard me
and go into a larce congregation to preach
purity?" were the words she used.
"Mrs. Tunnell went on to state that she
feared Mattie would go insane or commit
suicide. She left school, but was per
suaded to return, but n would not last
long, bs she was getting desperate. I asked
what she proposed to do, and Mrs.Tunnell
said she was considering several plans.
One was to lay the whole matter before
the trustees of the church.
"Another plan was to make it public
through the papers if they would pay her
; price for it. I asked Mrs. Tnnnell why she
I did not do it. She replied, 'When Mattie
j is away from Dr. Brown she is ready to do
! anything, but when he is about she is as
j docile as a lamb. I believe he ha« her
' hypnotized, as he has such an influence
: over her.' This brings us down to the
time when the matter was made public.
"I have thought of this Mrs. Baddin re
; ferrsd to, and am not certain regarding
i her. I have a theory that might explain
! the matter. I can only give it as a theory.
i If Mrs. Tunnell and Mattie or any other
! two or more had combined to "do Dr.
i Brown for his money it would have been
j very easy for one of them to disguise her
; self and be*n presented as the Mrs. Bad-
I din. For all I know, however, she may
have been an actual person, who is yet to
be brought forward by some bright re
porter. As I recall these facts now, the
foregoing is my testimony as it will be
when Igo on the stand. If I have mis
represented a single detail, God knows it
is unintentional."
MRS. BADDIN IS KNOWN.
The Existence of Mrs. Davidson'3
Mysterious Visitor Is Fully
Established.
There is no longer the slightest reason
to question the existence of Mrs. Baddin,
the "mysterious woman" in the Brown-
Davidson case.
The story published exclusively in The
Call of yesterday locating a Mrs. "Bodin"
on Fourth and Mission streets, and sug
gesting that sho was Mrs. Davidson's
veiled visitor, is corroborated by later de
velopments. Attorney Gallagher does not
deny that he has received valuable infor
mation concerning Mrs. Baddin's present
whereabouts, though he positively de
clines to go into details.
It is probable, however, that his first
positive "tip came from the following
letter received by him yesterday :
35 South Park, City, Jan. 3, 1896.
Mr. Gallagher, attorney for Mm. Dai~td*on—
Dbab Bir: As the prosecution in the case of
Brown vs. Davidson seem to think Mrs. Bad
din a myth. It is possible I may be able to as
sist you in showing that sneh a person does
exist; that is, if you are unable to prove the
fact.
The Mrs. Baddin I have in mind may or may
not be tlie person wanted .She is about 25 years
of age, stately in appearance, narrow, elon
gated face; a glib, but rather course tongue.
She has two children, and camo from Seattle
not many months ago with the intention of re
marrying, and in all probability has Mnee
married, as she was a widow at that time.
Yours truly, Alfred J. Ci.ode.
P. S.— Before going to Seattle, this Mrs. Bad
din lived in a lodcing-house on either Fourth
or Sixth street. At" least she said so,
''This Mrs. Baddin may not be tne miss
ing woman in the Brown-Davidson case,"
said Mr. Clode last night, "and I gave the
information to Mr. Gallagher simply as a
(lew whico he might follow np of not,
just as he pleased. The only interest I
have in the case is to see justice done to
all parties concerned. Mrs. Davidson
protests her innocence, and if that be true
and I can aid her in substantiating the
fact then I feel that it is my duty to do so.
On the other hand, if she' is guilty she
should suffer.
"1 was a passenger on the steamer Uma
tilla from Seattle last Juiy. Ou the trip
down I met a woman who told me her
name was Mrs. Baddin. She had two
children with her. She said she lived m a
lodging-house at Fourth and Mission
streets in San Francisco and had been
visiting friends in Tacoma. She also told
me that she was coming back to the City
to get married, she being a widow.
"This Mrs. Baddin was a woman of about
30 year? of age, though she would pa?s for
several years younger. She was passably
good-lookine and rather bold in her man
ner.
''This was the last I saw of the woman
until about the 16th of last October, when
I visited the Lilienthal hop ranch at
Pleasanton. There I saw the same woman
and her two children. There was a man
with them, and I came to the conclusion
that she had carried out her intentions
and got married. They were all living
together in a tent. I have not seen or
heard of he woman since.
"When I made knows to Mr. Gallagher
the existence of this woman Baddin he at
once admitted that it was the same person
for whom he was searching. He said that
Mrs. Tunnell. who is also mixed up with
this case, acted as a sort of an employment
agent for the Lilienthal hon ranch, and
doubtless sent Mrs. Baddin there.
"This all I know of Mrs. Baddin. I
think it would be an easy matter to hunt
her up. If she is the woman who did the
blackmailing, as Mrs. Davidson states, it
will probably be difficult to make her ad
mit the fact."
Some eight or nine months ago Mrs. Bad
din kept a lodging-house on the corner of
Fourth and Mission streets, though she
only remained there a short while. She
then went to Tacoma on a visit, returning
to San Francisco at the time mentioned
by Mr. Clode.
The woman soon began to affiliate with
the World's Christian Co-operative So
ciety, and also became prominent in spirit
ualistic circles. In October last she maile
a brief visit to Pleasanton and then to
Lilienthal's ranch, returning to the City
early in November.
Since that time Mrs. Baddin has not
been seen except by Mrs. Davidson, and
thr-n only after nightfall. If Attorney
Gallagher knows her present whereabouts,
and there is no reason to doubt but that
he does, he is not giving away information
which might be used advantageously by
other?.
As for Mrs. Tunnel!, her absence is still
as much a mystery as ever. The theory
advanced by Mrs. Gray, in effect thai Mrs.
Tunnell had been made the victim of foul
play, is scoffed at by the police. They say
that nt> one is sufficiently interested in her
to commit violence on her person. For
reayons which are not apparent to them at
the present time slie has hidden herself
from the world, and at the proper time
will make her appearance.
DR. BROWN ECCENTRIC.
Mrs. Stockton Says the Pastor
Acted Queerly When He
Called on Her.
Mrs. M. A. Stockton says that Dr. Brown
was "nutty."
The winsome widow, who, as the story
goes, has broken the hearts of contractors
' in Port Angeles and walked triumphantly
1 into the good graces of churchmen and
[ capitalists in San Francisco, seems the
; least concerned of all connected with the
Brown-Davidson scandal and its tributary
: alliances. She is living quietly at he"r
j home at 615 a Mason street.
When she goes on the stand as a witness
I for the defense in the trial of Mrs. David
| son, she will tell the story of her relations
with Dr. Brown with the same freedom
with which she reviewed that relationship
lin The Gall. She says she has nothing to
j conceal, and will frankly tell every mci;
; dent from the first kiss in the room, "where
i Dr. Brown visited her, to her application
for a letter to another church when she
I contemplated goiue to Chicago, Dr.
; Brown's refusal to grant her request and
i her final leave-taking of the church.
Mrs. Stockton is a spirited person. She
! feels keenly the thrusts that Dr. Rrown
j has made at her, and when the issue is
j forced she will give battle. She declares
j that she has nothing to lose in the contest.
She readily admits her flirtation with Dr.
, Brown, tells with much fervor of the long
streetcar rides, the kisses, the French res
taurant escapade and attending incidents,
all of which tended to cheer the drooping
spirits of "a lonely and defenseless woman
in the world."
"Dr. Brown acted the fool when he called
on me," said Mrs. Stockton, "and doubts
of his sanity rose in my mind. There is a
J difference between eccentricity and insan
j ity, don't you know. He was 'tmtty.'as
tbe newsboys say. He would tell such
long yarns of hits undying love for me,
how he would willingly sacrifice every
thing for me, but I felt that the man was
ravine.
■ "He would talk and talk until he almost
! drove me wild. And his conversation was
j not on any one line. He would jump from
MRS. SARAH B. COOPER, MHO IS OVERWHELMED WITH GRIEF ON
ACCOUNT OF THE SCANDAL IN WHICH HER PASTOR FIGURES.
[From a photograph.]
one subject to another, always returning
to the one great question of his love for
me. Of course I felt flattered by his atten
tions. I really did. He is a bright man.
And I really liked him. I found much
pleasure in his company. Even now- I
sometimes si^h for those long streetcar
rides to Castro Heights, but they will
never come again.
"But to return to the doctor's menial
status. He tola me one time that he had
the writers' cramp and that he thousrht he
would go crazy. His wife also said
to me that she thought he would
lose his mind. He acted strangely
st times even in the classroom. His
eyes would blaze and he would rush
about like a wild man. I noticed all these
changes in his character and wuiidered
what the end would be.
"But I don't wish Dr. Brown any harm
or anybody else. I wish to be left alone.
"The name of Mr. Tevis has been dragged
into this case, and that I am very sorry for,
as he is nothing to me more than ray
father's friend. He and my father, who is
dead, were lifelong friends. He takes the
same interest in me that he doe 9 in other
members of my family."
"BROWN SHOULD RESIGN."
Faith of Leading Membars of the
Congregation In Their Pastor
Now Wavering.
The Brown-Davidson scandal has shaken
the First Congregational Church to the
very foundation.
Dr. Brown's friends still cling to the
hope that he may bo able to clear himself i
of the charges in rebuttal made by both ;
Mrs. Davidson and Mrs. Stockton, but the ' :
great mass of the congregation is waver
ing in its faith in the man who ministered !
to their spiritual welfare. The majority of i
his flock stood with him when he caused
the arrest of Mrs. Davidson. But when
the Stockton affair was spruntr, and the
declaration made that he had been black
mailed by another woman of a still larger |
sum of money than Mrs. Davidson had
been paid, why, that was another story.
And it was then that the faith of the most j
sanguine began to weaken.
Now the sacred house is divided against
itself. Mutterings are heard that are not !
complimentary to the pastor and the sug- i
gestion has been made that he should re- '
sign rather than that a dark cloud should i
continue to hang over the churcli to which
the congregation is so justly devoted.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, whose noble life
work in San Francisco is so generally
known ana widely appreciated, and who
is a leading member of Dr. Brown's church,
is deeply touched by the scandal. She was
asked yesterday as to the rumored resig
nation" of Dr. Brown from the pastorate
of the First Congregational Church. She
said :
The resignation of Dr. Brown was
spoken of some four months ago, but I
have heard nothing of it since this scan
dal broke out. It would have been a great
blessing to all if he had resigned at that time
In my opinion Dr. Isrown has acted very un
wisely in this affair. As I understand it from
his evidence in court, hu paid this money to
Mrs. Davidson in order to entrap her. The
money was paid and a receipt demanded in
order that indisputable evidence of Mrs.
Davidson's crime might be obtained. Why,
then, did he afterward call upon her at her
REV. J. K. McLEAN, D.D., PRESIDENT OF THE PACIFIC THEOLOGICAL
SEMINARY.
, - [From a photograph by Smith, Oakland.]
house? It seems to me that tlii< was very in
judicious, anil thtit in order to render his posi
tion Impregnable Dr. Brown should have con
trived to have witnesses secreted some
where when this money was delivered.
Vet, I cannot convince myself tnat I'r. Brown
is guilty of the crimes laic! at his door. Why,
he has always been so Rood, CO Chrihtiaii-lik'e,
that it renders it Impossible for me to pursuade
myself that he is not what be seemed io be. I
refrain from criticizing him, except in a kind
ly spirit, because it would be frightful to con
demn any one on hearsay evidence who mieht
subsequently prove his complete innocence. I
told Dr. 1-irown that i believed him to l>e inno
cent, and he told me that I need never blush
fur any act of his. T'ntil the matter of his guilt
or innocence is decided I must consider him
the victim of a miserable plot.
Regarding Mrs. Stockton I cannot under
stand why she was dragged into this affair. I
have not seen her for two years, but prior to
that time i met her frequently, and, I must say,
thought very favorably of her. i-he worked in
the kindergarten with zeal and conscientious
ness. I remember one time that she visited
several carpel-stores and obtained man; pieces
of carpets which she sewed together with great
labor and expense to herself. The carpet she
presented to the kindergarten, and it Is still in
use. The story connecting her name with l>r.
Brown's wounded me, because I deemed them
both above such thing?. The statement that I
introduced Mrs. Stockton's name for member
ship in the First Congregational Church Ido
not think correct. Jt maybe true, yet I do
noi recollect the occurre
ir-nardinc Mrs. Davidson and Miss Over
man Mrs. Cooper said she bad no recol
lection of ever having met them. Under
the circumstances she was glad she did not
know them. She continued:
I do not know if Mrs. Davidson is speaking
the truth, bur this I know: a tissue of li< - Will
n*ver hold together! The truth will Bland for
ever but a structure built on sand must InI!
If she is what they say she i.-an «; in i n "* t f b °'
an Eastern reformatory-then it is pos* lble
that she has told many untruths. Tb«e who
know her say she is very pions, bat unfor
mnVtelv there are many hypocrites who screen
their wickedness behind a mask ol piet>.
Among Christ's apostles there was a Judas,
who bitrayed his Master by a *ish. VI by. .then,
should we regard it as strange that the follow
ersof Judas abound and that they are often
Identified with the churcnes? I regret exceed-
InKly that I should be called upon to disciiss
thia'mnst unfortunate affair. All I can sa> is
that I hope the truth will be told.
The church has had much to bear in the
past, but it has grown, notwithstanding, and
will continue to be useful. I cannot dscuss
the resignation of Dr. Brown, because I do not
wish to say anything that mmht be construed
as being unfavorable to Dr. Brown. He is my
pastor, and until he has. shown himself un
worthy of my respect I shall continue to regard
him as a maligned, suffering man, whom I
have always regarded as a true servant of Goa.
The Pacific, the Congregational organ,
says :
Our First Church in this City and its pastor
begin ill.- new year with special interest in a
Police Court trial. A Police Court is often a
dirty place, und its trials are often dirty trials.
The other churches are more or less interested
in this trial. It is the talk of the town. But a
Police Court is a very different place from a
Church and a prayer-meeting. Oh, that we
were on a different plane, that our principal
objects <.f sympathy were different from the
present one!" Is not this a time for prayer aim
humiliation and repentance among the mem
bers of out churches in this metropolis ol our
coast? We are in deep trouble. (>, God, come
to our relief! liaise us to higher things. Take
away every root of bitterness. Give us new
consecration, oh. for more spirituality in the
pulpit and in the pews, that in all of us it may
be seen that we have been with Jesus and
learned of him!
Another paragraph from the Pacific is
as follows:
Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown caused the arrest of a
Mrs. Davidson last Saturduy night on a charge
of blackmail. The case is now in the Police
Court and is likely to come up immediately
after New Year's day. It is very much to be
deplored that Mich a ense is in eo'urt at the be
ginning of the new year. We do not know that
it could have been prevented, ihe provoca
tion was a very serious one. We sympathize
with the Fir^t Church and its pastor, and pray
that somehow good, and not evil, may result
to all concerned and the cause of the Master
receive no injuiy.
KNEW MRS. TUNNELL.
That Lady's Former Landlady Does
Not Feel Kindly Toward
Her.
The keeper of the lodging-house at 132
Tenth street, who 13 said to be a leader
among the spiritualists, has had dealings
with Mrs. Tnnnell and speaks most volubly
and unfavorably of her. In reply to the
question whether she knew either the
missing woman or Miss Overman she said
yesterday :
"Know them ? Well, I have known them
all I want to. I have had enough of them."
"Where did you know them?"
"Where? "Why, riebt above my head, to
be sure. Mrs. Tunnell roomed in my house
for nearly iour months. Sne left about two
months ago because I told her to get out.
"I got on to what she was. I sized
her up the minute I laid eyes on her. I
have lived too long to be fooled for many
weeks by surli people.
"She came here saying she was a Chris
NEW TO-DAT.
TEAS
EXTRA QUALITY
With each pound is given a
LOVELY DISH
Newest Shapes
Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
COLIf/IA PURE SPICES,
CCLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Great American iDprtii Tea Co.
New Store I'SJiSSXi^i
140 Sixth Ht.
. 9G5 Market «t.
838 Ilrt.v.-s st.
1419 Polk st.
581 Montff'y ay«.
_.. ftJ 2008FlUmoreit.
flfV Stftm "{ 3006 S^teenth st.
Uljf fllUieS. 8510 Mission at
21S Third st.
104 Second st.
Cl 7 Kearny st.
v32s^nV Von.t:
.SSSftMlsalonat.
aii ■ (1053 Washington
Oakland. ] BroaUway.
l«16K. Twelfth st
Alameda jParkst. and
fthtlULUil | Alameda aye.
neadquarteri-52 3lark^t St S b*
iOr We Operate 100 Stores unl Agencies.
Write Jot Price List.
HOITT SCHOOL.
■Bnrlingarac, San Matco County,
PREPARES BOYS F ° U -\NY VMvkrsttv
or for Business. n «Jhh I V
Term begins January 7t!i. .
IRA G. HOITT, PH. D.,
Master.tian worker or something of that kind,
and every day she would have a crowd of
people in the room praying and singing.
I only saw a little of her money, for she
kept potting ni<- off with promises to pay
and sayii „' that money was coming to her
and all sorts of things'like that.''
"Did you ever see Mis-; Overman here?"
■M;-> Overman, that red-haired thins;?
Yes, 1 -aw her six or a dozen times. She
came here just before I pul Mrs. Tunnell
out and asked if she could get a room with
Mrs. Tunnel). She said -1 suppose you
know I am a Christian worker?' but I told
her 1 wouldn't have been able to tell that
ijily looking at her.
"The first time she came Mrs. Tunnell
whs out, and she left word for Mrs. Tunnel!
to meet her down on Webb street.
■•IV. .pie used to come here every evening
to visit them and they would hold meet
ines untii quite late. Both men and
ne, but 1 don't remember any
one in y.ixv.
"toy : bul that Mrs. Tunnell had an im-
Bul - • didn't pull thp wool
my ej ea very long. I just told her to
move on.
"1 have no faith in these people that
They never have any money
a ways tricky. Some lady who
it n«-ar the park sent enough money
.■■ for the rent of the last month
Mrs. Tunnell was here. I don't
what her name was, though. I got
the money, and that was all 1 wanted.''
KNOWN AS A "CHARMER."
Mrs. Stockton Cuts a Swell Figure
In Port Townsend
C ifcles.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 3.—
. clerk of the Merchant's Bank
'•. is well acquainted with Mr-.
;ton, who figures in the Brown
• it although she was
tiurch- worker, and for a Jong
time above suspicion, she finally acquired
the de ol "Charmer' 1 by numer
ous gentlemen acquaintances.
Troy himself held her in high esteem, j
and took i>ne of the characters in amateur ;
theatrical performances w frs. Stock- '
I illy directed for I be benefit of f
a church society at Porl '
Tin? was in 189 I, and ' well j
with her church w»«rk. A few months i
later she came to P< "I on her j
way to San Francisco, I her- i
ling to remain here if she re- i
ceived ment.
She called on Mr. fi and took dinner '■
with h:m, but by I be bad heard
sip in con with her name,
ive her no encouragement to re
main.
bince then he has heard nothing of her
until the story given out by Dr. Brown a
few days ago.'
MR. GEAR'S DISCLAIMER.
The Lawyer Denies Certain State-
merits Which Have Been
Credited to Him.
The following letter from Attorney Gear
explains itself. While he does not dis
laving certain opinions pertinent to ■
me ia<e, he has nothing for the public at ;
ot:
San FraKCIBCO, Jan. .'?, ISO<S.
In tee interest of exact truth I
ts. I
. haracter or
I any tetters which may have been
; -. to ]»!. Brown ; neither do I
with certainty thtit any letters were
■ to him hy my s>n. I made no state- j
jr knowledge respecting that mat- ]
I I express that my opinions
w< c i t for publii at lon. I din not
thing respecting the publication of any
• ment made to the effect that the i
. Gear, or myself personally, is re
■ " ■ .■' - n'a affidavit, Is incorrect, i
r of mat firm, had n
Mrs. Stockton, an<l had no personal j
tingthe transactions detailed
affidavit, until informed :•■.
[vent to the occurence of all
the contents of his affi
davit until I reail it in your paper, though it ■
. r.rior statements made tome
i not true, as pablicly intim
'.epartertforGuateiuala onaccount i
■
He made rrAngernentp as early a<= .Tr.ne last i
for a T-artn^rshiji with another citizen oi >h:i I
Frmtri/co in a business venture in the city oi
• ir.atemal-a;- and alter making preparations j
■U.eru^jr.'-'.t'iJhrted with his partner for Guate
inala:e.arlj:jn August. He returned in October 1
in t lie •interest of the business in which he had '
ehgage/i;-ib riiake Jurther arrangements for its
•t;^.t.ens}an;an<r returned to Guatemala in the 1
Iftlteripart of. November. This card contains ,
:all:;tlia;r r>yish.tp -iiv about the matter.
.C5-> : '.r=, -/ " : - '- ' .■ H. L. Gear.
TO BE REMOVED.
A < liarvßf in tlio Superintendency of
the Alnishouse Is Con
. templxted.
•In .spite- of the protests of the Mer
- Association and the opposition of
r the members of the Board of
tside of Mr. .Sutro, have de
:iove Superintendent Weaver of
>use and put in his place Ed
ly,.a brother of Hon. Patrick
rney.
■Through nil the changes of administra
tioh-.fiduri:i_- the past ' seven years Mr.
. Weaver"; : h:\s managed to retain his nosi
■y's poprhouse, and when,
•ago, Governor Budd be
gan TO..' /manifest an . inclination to bring
I a-.chan/t in the Almshouse rhan
apement.Va JLarge number .of prominent
people, of .tljtis. Cjjy showed their disap
• by- protesting to the !
chief executive and i , the members of the
Board of Health.
The matter was di pped for the time
being, but recently h has been abated i
ami the member of the board have !
several conferences on the question.
tnit that no fault in be found with
B rintendent Weaver i - hi* wife who
Mr. Weav. i .: the '\,n-i
--rmed the duties of matron ; bnt
ivernoT'a wishes in the matter out
record of the Weavers, and un
- . '." extraordinary ■ ressore is
,-:;t to bear the change .<-• qj Lnevit-
Merc'nants' Association, particularly i
lent Dohrmann, has taken a strong
interest in the matter and bee;;
work for some time gathering < ■■, |< - ;,,
rt the efforts of the Weav. r
tain t: ; -id to prevent t.
for political reasons only.
President Dohrmann "of the association
.-lay that he believed it wo
well, nigh impose I • lind a her.
•■ii.l ent and Matron than Mr. and
Mt>. Weaver, and that as it was I
■ Bt nt the business community i
that sudi an institution Bhould be
managed, he had no doubt that the
• . n over whirh lie presides would
tded Btand on the matter at its
pular meeting.
Mayor Sutro said last evening that he
teard any thing definite about the
tion of the Board'of Health, but had
that a change was coi
He intimated that Be was opposed to the
R6 because of the excellent record
by Mr. and Mrs. Weaver, but
only had one vote in the board
.■• bqw he could prevent any
a which the board might see tit to
. ■
Dr. Fitzgibbpn was the only member of
the board who would admit that the
bad been. decided upon, though all
• ined on the subject.
"It has -practically been decided," be
said last evening, "to make the change
a od give the place to Mr. Keddy, whose
secured. Governor Budd'a promise
to tha: < (feet. We have nothing to say
-' Mr. Weaver's management of the
institution, which I believe to have been
excellent, but things have -.shaped them
that way, and unless something is
jht up to change the present condi
tion of affairs the change will be made.
"The chance may . be made at the next
ax meeting of the board. '
A China Steamer Arrives.
Ai 2 o'clock this morning word was received
from the Merchants' Exchange lookout on
: l.ohos that the steamer Afridi from
v passing i" throurt the be«da.
No attempt wu made to land mail ami will
not be until Inter th.i>- moriing. It is believed
ri.dl cmrrltm a large oriental mail
■n<l a fair list of passengers.
THE BEER WAR HAS BEGUN
Two Brewers Found Guilty of
Breaking the Association
Rules.
A STORMY MEETING WAS HELD.
Half of the Members in Favor of
Crushing the Offenders Out of
Existence.
The first gun of the impending beer rate
war was fired yesterday at the meeting of
the Brewers' Protective Association.
The special committee appointed to in
vestigate the charges that the Calif orniaand
Broadway breweries had been cutting the
price of beer in violation of the association
rules reported that the charges were true.
It further recommended that the members
of the association discipline the offending
members by meeting the cut with a larsrer
reduction. Five representatives of the
breweries advocated the reduction,
and a wrangle followed, but the brewers
did not arrive at any understanding.
The history of these troubles dates back
for many months, perhaps for jears. !
When the association was started it was j
for t lie purpose of protecting the brewers
against the demands of the Brewery
Workmen's Union and themselves against
themselves. In the former case the asso- j
ciation spent between $40,00(3 and $50,000 in j
breaking tip the Co-operative Brewery,
which the striking union men started in i
opposition to those brewers who would not ■
recognize the union.
In the latter case the association j
adopted a large number of rules and regu- !
iations to govern their business transac
tions, and the principal rule was that no ''
brewer should try to get another's
patrons, and that the price of beer should
be $5 a barrel, with an allowance of 50
cents to the drivers to spend with the
saloon-keepers.
In spite of these rules and in spite of the .
fact that every member of the association !
was under a heavy cash, bond to live up to !
the agreement more than one broke away
quietly and violated the compact.
Complaints were frequently made of
these violations, but there was no open
rapture in the ranks because two of the
breweries, the National and Jackson, were ''■
lighting the workmen's union. A month
or ?ix weeks ago, much to the surprise of
all, the boycott on National and Jackson I
beers was raised by the union. The asso- I
ciation's members believed that it was a
victory over the union workmen and a
victory that had broken the back of the
union. In this they made a mistake, for
they were simply being led into an am- j
bush and entered the trap without the j
least suspicion of the results.
These external troubles settled,the brew
ers undertook to straighten out their in
ternal difficulties. The first move was t<>
prefer charges against the California and
Broadway breweries for cutting the price
of steam beer in order to take trade away
from the others. So well founded was the
charge that about four week? ago Mr. Fred
erick of the Jackson brewery tried to get
the price of beer cut from $5. the standard
price, to ?2, in order to crush the offenders
out of existence, it was a stormy meet
ing, but the conservative element pre- i
vailed and secured the appointment of a
committee to investigate the charges !
against the accused brewers.
That committee was composed of Wil
liam Garms of the Milwaukee brewery, '■
Thomas Thode of the Union brewery, Mr.
Volz of the National. C. B. Stone, repre
senting the Syndicate (limited) and Henry ;
Wreden of the Washington.
At yesterday's meeting of the associa
tion all sixteen breweries were represented
by one or more members of cacti iirm.
The meeting hu>l hardly been called to
order before the circus began. It started
with the committee's report that the ac
cused, the California and Broadway brew
eries, had been found guilty of ttie charges
made that they had been" cutting below
the standard price, notwithstanding their
protestations of innocence. The commit
tee reported that while both breweries
were guilty the California brewery had
offended the most frequently and with the
DQOBI persistency.
According to the report these breweries
did not cut to any fixed rate, but went into
the reduction on the cut-throat principle.
In the case of patrons where they felt se
care the standard rate of $5 was main
tained. Toothers beer was sold for $4. ■
and to still others whose patronage was
very uncertain the beverage was sold for !
$3 50. These were all net prices. The!
only dii Terence between the two breweries j
was in the amount of beer sold at the cdt
rates, but both were equally guilty of vio
lating the agreements so far as the princi
ple was concerned.
Four of the largest breweries, the Na
tional, Jackson, Milwaukee and Washing
ton, and the syndicate representing the
Philadelphia, Chicago, United States^ Wil
lows and South Kin Francisco, openly de
clared for adopting the recommendation of
the committee and making a grand cut in
the price of beer.
To tiiis proposition ten of the smaller
breweries protested. The thought spread
among the conservative element that the |
breweries which preferred the cut were
represented on the investigating commit- i
tee, with the exception of Thode of the ]
Union.
One who was present said that the row
thatfollowed beggared description. Every
body denounced each other, and in his
language, it was the hottest meeting this
siue of the Arctic circle.
J. Kohr of the Broadway, and Detman
and Peters of the California sat fay and for
awhile maintained a judicious silence, j
When they got an opportunity, so it ia
said, neither made an attempt to refute
the truth of the charges nor deny the |
truth of the committee's findings. It is
reported that they said in substance: '"If:
the committee has found that we are j
guilty, we will promise never to offend
. but don't cut the price of beer."
The others would not have it that way.
Their blood was up, and they wanted to
no matter who was hit. After a
time of wrangling the light began to \
ie something like definite lines. On j
the side favoring a big cut were the four
■ ries and the syndicate, repre
- five other large breweries. On the
Oth< r side was arrayed trio remaining ten
breweries, ruost of which are rated as !
smali institutions. The latter knew that j
such a fight would mean the crushing out i
of their. Business, for while the big brew-;
eras, with plenty of money in bank, could
stand a long siege of cheap beer, produced
at a loss of from $1 to $2 a barrel, the
smaller would no the wall.
At last Mr. McLaughlin of the National I
threw a bombshell into the cut-rate forces
that set them all to thinking. He said
that to jump upon the offending breweries
and attempt to crush them out by under- j
selling them would result in the "final su- j
premacy of the Brewery Workmen's I
Union that the association has been tight
ing so long, and at a cost of $43,000, and a
probable general loss to the breweries of !
several hundred thousand collars. He j
spoke with much feeling of the Jong fight j
against the union, the numerous boycotts
endured and the expensive satisfaction en
ioyed by crushing out the Co-operative
Brewery which was started by the striking
union brewery workmen.
He said, so it is stated, that the associa
ciation fell neatly into a trap set by the
union brewery workers.
"li you don't believe it," ho said, ''read
Tin: ('am, of December L' 2. That tells the
facts juat a 9 they are, and the strange part
is that you were not able to see it until it
was told to you in The Call. No sooner
did the an ion raise the boycott than we
fell to fighting among ourselves, just as it
was intended that v.c should. If this cut
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
w~—~ ~~~_w^~.^_I w^._^_^ w^^. «_^^_^ _-^~_~_~~-~--~--^_^ .-_ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
, — — — : *-^»f_>.<«rs«^* — : — — — — —! — — _ , . .
LADIES' JACKETS ! ;'
At $1.50.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of beaver
cloth, plain or trimmed with fur, three- |
quarter Jengths, full sleeves, navy,
black and tan, worth $5 and $<J, re-
duced tosl 50 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS,
full sleeves, made of plain and diag-
onal cloaking, plain or trimmed with
fur, navy black and gray, worth $7 50,
reduced to $2 50 each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS,
made of Kersey, cheviot and beaver
cloaking, full sleeves, trimmed or
plain, navy, gray and black, worth
$3 50 and $10, reduced to $3 50 each.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS !
At $2.50.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, three-
quarter lengths, worth $10 and $12 50,
reduced to $2 50 each.
At $5.00.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, three-
quarter length, worth $17 50 and $20,
reduced to $5 each.
CAPES, WRAPS SUITS !
At $3.50.
LADIES' CAPES, made of boucle cloak-
ing, trimmed with satin and rows of
stitching, worth $8 50, reduced to $3 50
each.
At $1.95.
LADIES' WRAPS, long tabs, prettily em-
broidered, trimmed with fringe, worth
$8 and $10, reduced to $1 95 each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, made of
black and navy serge, worth $7 50. re- !
duced to $3 50 each.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS! i
At $1.00.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, light-weight
cloths, trimmed and plain, navy, red,
brown and tan, sizes from 8 to 14
years, worth $2 50, reduced to $1 each.
U'.[f Murphy Building, /
MurVot and Tmipp Qfroofc*
JJialiul dliil JUUgS tjliGulo.
is made the association will go to pieces i
and tne union will obtain recognition by I
the rim brewery to feel the deatli wound.
The rirsit brewery to accept the aid of the
union and with it all other labor unions
will go to the top at once and all the rest
of us will have to follow suit in order to be
on the same footing."
Mr. Stone, manager of the San Fran
cisco Breweries (limited), otherwise called
the English Syndicate, ably seconded by
Fredericks of the Jackson and several j
others, declared themselves out for gore,
no matter what the cost. They maintained
that too long had the association suffered
by traitors who, taking advantage of boy
cotts, etc., had broken their agreement in
order to take away the customers of those
who lived up to the rules. Promises to do
better in future are no more to be believed
than prom'ses made in the past.
The meeting came to an end without any
action whatever being taken, and all the
brewers went away in anything but ami
able moods.
BARRY'S SCALP WOBBLES.
Justices of the Peace Are Having a
little War Among Themselves.
As a result of a meeting of the Justices
of the Peace hod yesterday knives are
being sharpened in anticipation of a light
over the office of Presiding Justice and the-
incumbent of the position seems to be in a
place generally designated as between his
Satanic majesty and the vast deep. ■ When
the meeting was called to order it was
generally understood among the Justices
that Justice Barry would step down and
permit the election of a successor, who
would hold the added honor and addi
tional $25 per month attached to the posi
tion for the next six months.
Justice Groezinger was slated for the
place, as his vote had elected Barry at the
time when that Justice first took oflice and
it was understood that he would step out
gracefully and give his confrere a chance.
At the last moment he declined to do so,
however, and declared that inasmuch as
articles reflecting on him had been pub- '■
lished in the newspapers he would wait
until he was ousted if those who desired
his place were able to accomplish such an
end.
As it was evident that a tie vote was the
best that could be hoped for Justice Groe
ziuger moved for an adjournment and
Justice Carroll seconding it the gathering
dispersed without any action. Justice
Groezinger expressed himself freely about
the matter after the meeting,
"Justice Harry has deliberately thrown
me down," he said, "and 1 am out now to
get him out of that job by any fair means
that I can employ. When we "held our lirst
meeting I was a^ked if I wanted to be Pre
siding Justice, and replied that as this was
my rirst experience in a political oflieo I
wouid prefer to let some one else go in,
and take my turn later on.
"At the solicitation of Judge Carroll,
who seemed to be looking after Barry's in
terests, I cast my vote for Harry and he was
elected, the understanding being that I
would come in for the honors and increased
salary later on.
{ I'The understanding was also that Judge
Carroll, the only Democrat, should, in
consideration of helping out Barry, be
given the cream of the marriage business,
which forma a no inconsiderable portion
of a Justice's emoluments. But, as I said
before, i3arry has thrown me down and
has also broken faith with Judge Carroll.
"In the natural course of events a new
Presiding Justice should have been elected
on the lirst of the year, and we naturally
supposed that Barry would give way. I
was astonished, however, when he came
tolme and said that for certain reasons lie
would like to hold the position until
March. I told him that he was asking a
jrreat deal to expect to stay in office for
eisrhteen months out of twenty-four, par
ticularly as he had been in the place eight
months out of his previous term.
"Then he aereed to resign and allow his
successor to be appointed and said that he
would vote for me if I wanted the place.
I supposed that the matter was all settled
and expected to have plain sailing when
we met to-day. When the subject was
broached in the meeting, however, he said
that in view of the fact that his conduct in
office had been questioned he would wait
We close the first week of the MOST POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL CLEAR-
ANCE SALE ever inaugurated with a special offering of a variety of STYLISH AND
DESIRABLE GOODS at
A SACRIFICE THAT AFFORDS AN UNPARALLELED MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS !
At 15 Cents.
168 dozen MEN'S SILK TECK FOUR-
IN-HAND AND WINDSOR SCARFS,
regularly sold at 25c and 35c, will be
closed out at 15c each.
. At 1O Cents.
142 dozen MEN'S HEAVY WOOL
SOCKS, in sanitary gray and blue
shades, full finished and with double
heels and toes, regularly sold at 15c,
will be closed out at 10c 'a *>air.
At 15 Cents.
136 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CAPH-
MERE WOOL SOCKS, with double-
spliced heels and toes, in fancy mixed
shades, vicunas and undyed grays,
extra good value for 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a pair.
At 35 Cents.
45 dozen MEN'S CAMELS-HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS (odd
sizes), regular price 75c, will be closed
out at 35c each.
At 5O Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S DNDYED SANITARY
Wool, i NDERBHIRTB AND DRAW-
ERS, silk finished, usually sold forsl,
will be closed out at sue each.
At 75 Cents.
02 dozen MEN'S HEAVY LAMTVS-WOOL
UNDERBHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
in vicuna shades, warranted non-
Bhrinkable, extra good value for $1 25,
will be closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
55 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S-
WOOL DNDERBHIRTB and DRAW-
ERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk,
extra value for $1 50, will be 'closed out
at $1 each.
At Less Than Half Price.
All odd sizes of MEN'S UNDERWE VR
OVERSHIRTB, SOCKS, BHIETB,
etc., etc.. will be closed out at less than
half price.
ml* Murphy Building, f
Market and Jones Stats.
until he was voted out. Not being ready
to do that we adjourned without taking
action. The matter will not end here,
however, and there may be a lively battle
over the office yet.
"The matter of marriage business is also
a ground for complaint against Barry.
Though in consideration of receiving the
presiding justiceship he agreed to give up
the marriages he has in fact grabbed the
majority of them. He has had IGO, I have
had but lit'ly-seven, while Jusfce Carroll,
who was promised the bulk of them, has
only had two.
"This means a difference of several hun
dred dollars to those who were left out.
We may have some developments by
Monday next and perhaps after that Mr.
Barry will not be Presiding Justice."
HUMBOLDT'S WEALTH.
Senator McGowan of Kureka on the
Matchless Supply of Redwood
Tlmbar.
Senator Frank McGowan of Eureka,
Humboldt County, is at the Lick. He
says the Humboldt region is on a very
substantial basis and that a number of
new enterprises are under way there. In
speaking of it he said :
It can be safely stated thnt Humboldt Tountv
I wes all the reaooroes to make her an in
dustrial empire. In no county in this State are
bo many fields open for industry and the safe
investment of capital, and her productive ca
pacities are unaffected by climatic or other
causes. The yields of forest, fields and fish
eries are the same whether we have a good or
a bad season.
The main, and you may say controlling, re
source of the county la the vhs: forest of valua
ble redwood covering many thousands of acres
and affording at the present rate of consump
tion a lumber supply for centuries, When the
mills of the county are in operation we cut
about two hundred million feet annually. In
years past our markets lor this product have
been limited and the return has not been so
great as we would wish. But the completion
of the Nicaragua canal, in which our people
are highly interested, will open up a cheep
mode of transportation. We will then have
the Eastern market.
We can place the best redwood lumber in the
markets of the East and the Mississippi Valley
at figures that will revolutionize prices, and
besides this redwood will win favor there as a
building and finishing lumber because it is
less liable to lire and it takes a superior polish
that makes it a most attractive material for
interior finish. The Kasrern lumbermen pay
nearly six times as much for theCCOSt of their
timber, and with a better article and cheap
rates for freights, such as we have every reason
I THE FRUIT GROWING • |
I ■"■ INDUSTRY I
W IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THE M
lMercur y O° uven L r |
1 Mercury 4^3— — — |
M __A BOOK 0F 325 PAGES, 9x12 INCHES, JUST ISSUED. (/A
WL ** A BOOK detail is PAGES. 9x12 INCHES, JUST including /**i
r\ Every detail is Riven, from nursery to market, including *m/
W crops, prices and profits, banta Clara County, its oities, towns, orohards, j0
sj// Tlneyards and prominent people, illustrated from 939 photographs. A work iffy,
0K of art, suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate Christmas pre«- 0\
Jjfh ent. There is scarce'y a question that could be asked concerning Santa jffa
yil[ Clara County and its resources that is not fully answered. w/7
V^ • It will b« sent, expresiag* prepaid, to any part of the United K£}
yJS States at the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; iff\
$fjL bound in leatherette, % 1.25 par copy. Jjil
Wm- Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDGE, W
v^) > San Jose, California. PS
FRAMES, BOOKS, ETC.!
At 1O Cents.
PLUSH AND IMITATION LEATHER,
' WOOD AND CELLULOID FRAMES,
sold during the holidays for 20c, will
be closed out at 10c each.
At 20 Cents.
7x5 GILT FRAME, with handsome chro-
mos. sold during the holidays for 35c,
will be closed out at 20c each.
At 25 Cents.
HAND -PAINTED FRAMES, ribbon-
trimmed, in all new colors, sold dur-
ing the holidays for 50c, will be closed
out at 2-jc each.
At: 2O Cents.
PHOTOGRAPH BOOKS, with silk Dres-
den covers, value during the holidays
35c, will be closed out at 20c.
At 2>A Cents.
CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, in five
different series, sold during the holi-
days for sc, will be closed out at 2%c.
At Half Price.
All FANCY GOODS, including Game?,
Books and Fancy Novelties, will be
placed on our center tables and closed
out at half price.
.
FURS AND TRIMMINGS !
At $4.00.
LADIES' BLACK THIBET NECK-
SCAKFS, 36 inches long, reduced from
$6 50 to $4 each.
j JET CHAIN AND YOKE GARNITURES,
all of them this season's best patterns,
reduced to very low prices.
' CHILDREN'S FUR SETS (muff and tip-
pet), reduced to nearly half price.
\M\Jr Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
to believe we can obtain upon the construction
of the canal, we, in a short time, wiil control
the lumber trade of the United States. This,
of course, me&as ;i vast Increase in the output,
a consequent greater number of people em
ployed In the trade) and the permanent en
hancement of land values.
I know of no place on the Pacific Coast the
material interests of which would be so bene
ficially atVected by this proposed construction
as Humboldt County, and we look forward to
it with the brightest expectations.
In the mean time those interested capitalists
who can foresee these conditions which 1 have
Indicated, are without much public attention
acquiring control of these immense lumber
Melds. It will be the problem of the tuture
for our State railroad builders, local syndicates
and people generally who are actively engaged
i:i building up anddeveloping the State, where
the lumber supply can be obtained; but we
will realize then that we have allowed others
to control this great resource of nature, and as
a result will have to pay a heavy tax for the
development of out State.
Our dairy interests are second in importance.
The nill lands are remarkable for the produc
tion of grasses, while the rich alluvial soils of
the valleys produce clover and grasses
all the year round, thus making a continuous
dairy season. We have goue into the creamery
business <juite extensively. Our fnr" Ing lands
are divided into small holdings, a..d on the
whole there is no use to which lands can be
applied with so many assurances of steady
profits as that of dairy purposes. It is estf
mated that our butter product amounts to
$1,000,000 per annum.
The lands of Eastern Humboldt are well
adapted to fruit culture. They are now being
largely used for the grazing of catilo and sheep.
The cattle business this lust year showed some
signs of revival, but the general prostration of
the wool industry lias seriously affected this
line of trade and consequently our land values.
Nature has generously given us productive
Ihihls upon which sheep can graze and grow
wool of the best quality, winch in lormer years
yielded a handsome profit to the sheep-raiser,
bin Cleveland lms overcome it all and now the
number of sheep a man may have is only the
evidence of his poverty.
Taking into consideration these great re
sources I have mentioned, the valuable fish
eries, the many miles of gold-bearing saiuls of
our coast now attracting eam'tal, the ship
building business, which is of no small im
portance; the fruit production, which in re
cent years have assumed considerable magni
tude, and the industry of our people, all make
llumboldi <'ounty one of the first counties of
the Stale. Now thatour herbor is being greatiy
improved by the jetties construction at the
mouth of Humboldt Hay, for which there i.s
an appropriation of over a million dollars, all
we lack is raiiroad communication with the
outer world. This is our most pressing need.
The prospects tor relief are not the best. I
assume that the "Donahue road" will be in the
course of time extended to .Eureka. But this
will not be done until the advent of somo
such enterprising and public-spirited citizen
like flaus Spreckels upon the scene.
LADIES'
UUDERf EABJHD WAISTS !
At 20 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made
of heavy muslin, finished with edge
of embroidery, will be closed out
at 20c.
At 35 Cents.
40 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of
Masonville muslin, corded neck, regu-
lar price 0.3 c, will be closed out at 35c.
At 4O Cents.
30 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy
muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, all
seams linished, will be closed out at
40c.
At 25 Cents.
20 dozen LADIES' SKIRTS, made of fancy
striped flannelettes, yoke band, will be
closed out at 25c.
At 9O Cents.
15 dozen LADIES' FANCY CHECKED
WAISTS, in black and white, red and
black and fancy piaids, linished with
velvet strap, reguiar price $1 25, will be
closed out at 90c.
At $125.
10 dozen LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS,
box-plaited back, full front, made in
latest style, in red, navy and tan,
regular price $2, will be closed out at
?1 25.
At 15 Cents.
10 dozen LADIES' APRONS, made of fine
lawn, finished with deep hem, will be
closed out at 15c.
childrWTcoats !
At $3.50.
CHILDREN'S EIDERDOWN COATS,
made in the latest style, with deep col-
lar and extra full sleeves, regular price
$5, will be clo?ed out at 35c.
CORSETSLJORSETS !
At 75 Cents.
115 dozen LADIES', FRENCH MODEL
CORSETS, made of fine English
sateen, lons waist and high bust, well
boned and perfect fitting, drab and
black, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
wru- Murphy Building, J
Market it Jones Streets.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....TO
lE'OH.TXjl^iij-ID. OR.
SATURDAY JANUARY I
Ami Every Fifth I>ny Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 P. St.
«NT I- — Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
O/ . U Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In <3>l C.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, it) .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be '
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Ua' Through Tickets for I'uget Souud
Points <>v Sale a( need Kates.
For further information apply at
613M.AKKKT STKEET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. UOODMAN,
Gen. Tralllc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt, I
SOCTHKRN PAfJXTIC COMPAST.
(TACIFIO HTBXXK.)
Tr»li:« ifMtc s»»i«l 1«1<' line I <• arrive al
HAJH t'H.VN<IS« <».
LEavi: — Fhom November 20, ISOS. — a r.m
6::j:>a Haywarda, Niles andAVay Stations.. jToTiSa
7:OQa Atlantic Express. Ogdon aud I out.. Bc4s>
7:00 a Ucnicia, Vacaville, lhnr.sc-y. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:13p
7:30 a Martiuez, Sau Ramou, Xapi, Calis-
toga aud Santa Kos=i 6:15p
8:HOa Nilcs, Bau Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Miiiysviili', Itod I'Auft
ami Sundays esccpted Uroville ... 1 5p
•8:30.\ Peters aua Miltou *T:l3p
0:00 a Kan Leaudro, Hay warda Way St'na 11:45 a
9:00 a LO3 Angeles Express, llayraond,
(for Yospuiitc), bauta iiarbara
and I-os Aneetai 4:4 Hr
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 0:45 a
1 O:OOa San Lcacciro, Ilaywcrds and Nilcs . . S:S5p
I2:OOm Snn Leaudro, Hayvrards 4 Way St/ns Bt4SX
l:0!lr Niles, San Josoand Livcrniovc f»:I."J4 ,
•I:OOp Sacramento Kiver Bteamera «S):«Op
fl:3Oi> Port Costa and Way Stations 17:45p
»:OOi- San Le.inOio, HaywardsfWaySt'ns 5:-«sp
4:OOrSanLca=dro, Haywards&Way.Sfns C:4sp ;
4:o«r Martinez, Bon Ramon. Vallcjo, j
Napa, Calistoga. El Vorano and '
Santa UtlHt. i
<:««* Benlcia, Esparto, Woodland, . • |
N Kuigliis- Liiiding, Marysville,
' Irovillo and Sacramento 10: A j
4s3op Kilcs, Sau Jose, Livermore and i
Htticktoii 7:15p i
!J:OOp SanLeandro, Haywards&V/ay St'ns 8:45p
S:3Op New Orleans J]xiH i oK3,ii'resiio.Bakcr3-
Deld, Banta Ilur'.iniii, l.os Aiigclcs,
Deming, El Paso, New Oilcans and
East 0:49 a
3:30p Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Rlojavo mid East 10: 15 a
6:00r European Jlnil, Ogdeu and Eatt.... O;I5a
O:»«p llaytvardH, Nili-snud Kan .lose 7:13*
t~:OOi-Vallejo t7:43p
7:ooi> Oregou Kxprnas, Bacrainento, Marya-
villo, itoildliiK, Portland, i'ugpt
Somiilcud rust 1«:4«A
7:00p Saa Leandro, HayvrorUsk V.'ay St'us lO:50p
»:Oop SanLeaudro.lliOwardsiV.ayStiKH t 12:»Oa
5fl 0:03p "Sunset limited," Frc:no, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
andl-Uu-t §1V:4.1p •
tfll:lsr Ban Leandro, Hay ft Wa> Bt'ns T:lsa
SAXT.V ( i! IZ niYIStON (Narrow (Jangp).
8:10 a Newark.Coiiterville.fjftiiJose.Fclton,
Ttouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz aud Wny
Stations BiSOi ,
•8:13p Newark. Cenierville. San .Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, ISouUlcr Cr«ck,
Santa Cruz and Priucipal Way
Stations "I 1:20 a I
4:15i- Newark. .San .loso and Los ('atos.... i):SOA '
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jesc and
j AVayHtations ) t?:2op
COAS'I' DIVISION (Tliiril A ToniispiKl Sis.)
6:15 a Han Jose on<l Way Btntions (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y ),...... 1:4 i
8:13 a San Joso, Tres Fiuos, Hauka Cniz,
"acific Orove..Paso Rclilof, .San ■
Lnis OMspo, Guadalupe Prin-
Cil>al Way SUtions 7:03p
10:10 a Sau JoaoaiidWajr .Stations 5:OOp i
11:45 a rulo Alto mid Way Statious 3:30 i !
*2:3<»r .San Jose. Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Elauta
v (';■■./, Salinas,Monterey and Fncilic
Grove ..'...'. *1O:1Oa ■
*3:SI(Ip Jose and Priucipal Way Stations '.»:17* :
•4:30i-San Joso Way Stations *8:O0* :
3:3oi< San Jose and Way Stations *S:18a j
C:3op San Jose Wayßtations i>:::.Ta
■Uli-j.'ii* San .Tpßonmi W:;y Stations I?t43t j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FttiNCISCO—Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:f>o 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *200 t3*OC !
•4:03 J5:00 *6:00 p.m. *■•
from OAKURD— Foot or Broadway.— - *C-00 8.-00
10:00 a.M. J12:00 *l:00 {S:00 *3:00 ti:00
*S:OQr.M. ' ■•• - ■. ......
A for Horning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundayß excepted. t Saturdays only.
) Sundays only.
_^ t \ Monday, Thursday aud Batnrilay nighti only.
TlTuesdaya ami Saturdays 6 Sundays mid Thuridays> !
Weak Men andWomen l
SHOULD t\SE DAJIIASA BITTKRS. THE
great Mexican Kemedy; gives Health anJ
Strength to the Sexual Organs- ~;'v::. ;:'•-
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 65 Cents.
1500 pairs 8-BI'TTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
(i LOVES, in dark, medium and tan
shades, also black, former price $1 20,
marked down to lioc a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1500 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors
and black, former price $1 50, marked
down to 75c a pair.
At 9O Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons to match gloves), all
shades and sizes, former price $1 50,
marked down to 90c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUB-
QUETAIRE GENUINE FRENCH
KID GLOVES, in colors and black,
former price $1 50, marked down to 90c
a pair.
At $1.00.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
(4UETAIIIE UN DRESSED KID
GLOVES, in colors and black, former
price $150, marked down to $1 a pair.
At $1.50.
.100 pairs NOVELTY I'NDRESSED KID
GLOVES, IU-button length, embroid-
ered in tinsel at wrist and tops, colors
tan, fawn, mode and pearl, formerly
sold at $3, marked down to $1 50 a pair.
HOSIERY APJNDERWEAR!
At 15 Cents a Pair.
34 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED
WOOL HOSE, double knees, heels
and toes, regular price 3 pairs for $1,
reduced to 15c a pair.
At 20 Cents a Pair.
53 dozen LADIES' BLACK LTSLE-
THREAD HOSE, high-spliced neels
and toes, warranted fast black, regular
price 3 pairs for $1, will be closed out
at 20c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
97 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, ribbed tops, high-spliced
heels and toes, warranted fast and
stainless black, regular price $4 20 a
dozen, will be closed out at 25c a pair.
At 75 Cents Each.
37 dozen LADIES' NATURAL SANI-
TARY WOOL VESTS, high neck,
long sleeves, drawers to match, war-
ranted non-shrinkable, regular price
$1, will be closed out at 75c each.
[fig Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
SMFRiMSCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK I)AYS - 7:4O '~^2<', 11:00 a.m.; 12:33 l
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trla
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays-Eitra trips Bt 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3tk
6:00, 6:20 p. M. ■.-■ —
S»n Rafanl to San Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 1110 a it •
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 i«. M. Saturdays-Extra tripi
nt 1:55 p. If. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAY£^B:IO, 9:40, U:10 A. v.; 1:40, 3-40 L
6:00. 6:25 P. m. .
Between San irancisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
o Lea-vi In effect Arrive —
San Francisco. Qcr? 28. San Fral »cisco.
Wkkk I Sun- iteJSJiuoii Sun- i \Vkkk*
Days. | days, destination. pAY 3 | d a vs.
7:40 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am! Br.li aic
3:30 PM 9:30 AM l'etalnma, 6:oft pm 10:S0 aX
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm I Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pk
" Fulton,
7:40 am Wind or, 10:30 ax
Healdiibnrif,
CieyserviHe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clovcrtlale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
' j Vleta, ~ j ~
7:40 am I Honland <fe
|8:00 am fkiah. 7:30 PM 6:16 n
7:40 am ~ 110:30 A«
1 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm j 6:16 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am] Sonoma 10:40^1* B:soam
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
| Glen Ellen.
7:40 a m~ 8:00 a m Sp " h .Tnol i 10:40 All 1 10:30 AM
3:30 I'M 5:00 pm >l «°poi. | 6:05 pm| 0:15 PM
Ptasces connect at San Rafael foi Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cioverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
I-akes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Bonnevllle. Green*
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort BntKgi Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella. Porno, Potter Valley, JohJl
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, tfcotta
and EnreKu.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ttcketsat redoo««
On Sundays rpund-trip tlclceU t* all points b*.
jond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Mark»t St., Chronicle bnlldln*
E. a WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Uanager. Oen. Pass. Agenl.
S Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrlv*
at Market-Street Ferrj.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Line
S <f, Very day at 3:30 p - *•• carryinx Puljmaa
i-uiacesifepcr!. aim TonrW sleepers to Chica?"
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-carm.
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dost; Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dini*£-
cars. . k
Ticket Caic«-04i Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
RORTn PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaallto Ferry).
ITrom San Francisco, beginning October 27. 189*,
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Hafael-7:30, 9:15, ll:0§
a. m.: 1:45, 3:45. 5:15. 6:30 p m.
Pan Quentin— 7:3o, 9:16 A. M. : I:4b, 5:15 T. M.
txtr trips for San Katael on Mondays, \Vedae»
fluvsuiid Saturdays at 11 80 p. M.
'SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rat&el aud San Quentin—
8:00,10:00,11:30 a.m.: 1:30,3:00.4:30, »8:H
p. m. *l->oes not. run to Kan Quentin.
THBOI'OU TKAINa
7:30 a. M. weekdays— Cazadcro and way station*'
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomale* and way statioDa>
0.00 a. m. bandays— Point Beyea ana way iiatloo*
910
SPORTS OF THE WEEK.
News of the Cycling and Other
Athletic Worlds.
The wheelmen are taking a well-earned
rest after a very active season's racing, and
nothing of any particular interest will oc
cur until the end of the winter month?.
Sportsmen who love to shoulder a shot
gun are having excellent sport. The
weather is first-class for quail and snipe
shooting, and although the duck-hunters
are not scoring any large bags they are
nevertheless haviug a most enjoyable time.
Anglers are rushing to Duncan Mills,
which place is very convenient to Russian
River, where splendid catches of steelhead
trout are being made.
Toursing meetings are well attended be
cause this is a season of the year when
hares are in the best condition for racing.
Rowing, rifle-shooting, handball and
various other pastimes are being well pa
tronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Acme Club Wheelmen's Road
Race To-Morrcw.
There is not a great nenl of activity in
cycling matters nowadays. There are a
WILL T. VALENTINE OF " TIIE CALL" BICYCLE CLUB.
.From a photograph.]
few runs called for to-morrow and the
Acme Ciub AVheeimen of Oakland will
hold the third of a series of live- mile road
races for a club trophy over the San Le
andro course. Thes.r: races are more for
the purpose of keeping tiie men in con
dition for the Associated Clubs' events
than anything else and it is not expected
that any record will be lowered or very
fast time made.
Many attempts made at riding a century
early New Year's day showed that the
wheelruen of this State are as active in
winter time as at any other season. The
performances were all pood and Carey's
riae of the hundred miles in six hours and
nine minutes, paced, was remarkable, but
not surprising, as lie has heretofore proven
himself a splendid roau-rider.
The California Club riders rode well and
finished strong. They claim, however,
that Frank Byrne of the Imperials did not
ride fair, in that he started before mid
night Tuesday, which was the starring
time of all the various riders. The C'ali
fornias say that they had hardly left their
clubroomsat Twenty-second and Folsom
streets and cone a short way toward the
Han Bruno road when Byrne, Blakeslee
and their party overtook them. Asthey
were supposed to start from Turk street
and Van Ness avenue it was manifest they
had started ahead of time.
If Prank Byrne and the Imperial Club
want road records they must mate t^iem
fair. This is not the first attempt to take
advantage of circumstances. Last Sunday
at the Imperials' road race some Imperial
member tried to make away with the score
cards, probably to doctor them up before
they went to the press and the racing
board, in au effort to get a record. Last
summer the Imperials held a road race
over the .San Carlos course and claimed
Byrne's time was a minute faster than the
timers' records showed, but as Waiter Fos
ter of the Olympics had been over the
course a half-hour previous in something
like 12 :1' J >. it was decided the timers were
correct in giving Byrne's time at 12:05 in
stead of 11:05, which he claimed. The
latter would be Jower than tbe world's
record to-day, and every one said: "Well,
if Foster can do no better over th's road
than 12:13, Byrne cannot do it in a minute
less!" And a great many think Byrne
could never beat Foster.
If Byrne's ride, New Year's day, had
been made in record time it would have
been protested for two reasons — by the
California Club because he started ahead
of time and by an Oakland club because he
did not ride a full 100 miles.
Byrne is without question a very fast
■nd determined rider, and his speed and
grit command for him respect among all
wheelmen. He is one of the crackerjacks
in class Aon this coast. It is expected he
will join class B this year, and he will be
rieht at home there, as they are none too
speedy for him.
The* annual National Assembly of the I
League of American 'Wheel men will con- I
vene at Baltimore in February, when the !
delegates from various parts of America
will meet to decide some weighty qucs- j
tions — questions of immense importance '
to the L. A. W. Robert M. Welch is the ;
delegate to the assembly from California.
One resolution likely to be introduced is
for discontinuing racing as it is conducted !
by the league to-day. Whether this will I
be swept aside by an opposing sentiment !
remains to be seen, but it is likely it will, j
It is doubtful if any of the racing rul?s I
will be altered, as they serve every re- ;
cuirement at present. What the delegates '
must decide upon is whether there shall |
be three classes, or how many classes are
necessary lor the future maintenance of
racing under L. A. W. jurisdiction. Dele
gates are busy at this time preparing reso
lutions which have nothing to do with
this branch of the league, and have sev
eral now in readiness to be sprang which \
will affect the welfare of the big organiza
tion.
Whatever this convention decides upon
it is to be hoped the delegates will bear in
[ mind that they have the future of one o
i the largest orders in America in their
j bands and that thousands of wheelmen
scattered over the entire country will
I watch every action with a great deal of
j interest. Build up the league and en
courage it. for it is certainly worthy of
your support. There are now about 1000
; members in the North California division,
and there should be four times that num
j her. Applications sent to the cycling
, editor 01 The Call will be forwarded to
' the secretary-treasurer, and any informa
tion desired 'about the league will be fur
nished by me with pleasure.
The San Jo.se Road Club's ten-mile
race, which was postponed from New
Year's day, has hefn set for.Tanuary 12.
The Liberty Cycling Club will elect new
' officers next Tuesday evening at its regular
weekly meeting. The club is prospering.
The mile, ridden by Green and Ers
weil on a tandem at Cheyenne on
December I<>. when they covered the dis
tance in 1 : 17 1-5, has excited the eyeliner
j public considerably, as it is the fastest
niiln ever covered by human or animal
power. The following description is given
by Cycling West and maybe found -of a
, great deal of interest:
Erewell nnd Green started on their ride a
quarter of a mile above the regular starting
point. Trainer Al Leslie pushing them off. By
the time the starting point was reached the
men had got ihe machine under powerful
headway, and luck seemed to be with them, for
they BWiftly crossed their first bad j.lace, the
slight turn at the quarter stake, which Green
was unable to hold on his first trial for a miie
on a single a short time ago. Their B] eed was
rapidly increased until a territio momentum
v. as attained approaching the half-mile post
time :35 4-5. In crossing from the right-hand
road into the new roadway, just lx-yond the
half, the tandem lunged Violently and par
tially recovered; it then crashed across agnin
into the right side, righting up, and what
seemed a certain fail was escaped. The dcs-
Eerate nerve of both men was clearly shown
ere, for although being badly thrown out of
their stride, they bo:h exerted every effort to
again attain the fearful pace they had main
tained to this point. As thoy approached the
three-quarter stake the men aeain had their
mount under perfect control, holding the very
center of the roadway. They were through
the big Government gate like a flush. They
were thr..wn to the extreme outside of the
right-hand curve just through the gate, and
with no letting up took me reverse curve in
the next ninety yards safely and shot over the
finishing line, doing the last and most danger
ous quarter under a -JO-second clip.
The membership committee of the North
California Division, League of American
Wheelmen, consisting of George H. Strat
ton, John F. Burke and H. W. Spalding,
accompanied by Chief Consul Kerrigan,
Secretary -Treasurer Scovern, Henry F.
Wynne and others prominent in league
affairs, will visit the San Francisco Road
Club next Monday evening, to present to
the members the "many advantages to be
trained by joining the league. They will
also visit all the other local clubs during
this month on their meeting nights with
the same purpose in view.
A well-known repairer offers the follow
ing plan for finding whether the two
sprocket-wheels lire in line with each
other: Place a straight-edge beside them
long enough to extend beyond both front
and rear sprocket-wheels. If both sides
of both the front and rear sprockets are in
touch with the straight-edge then the
sprockets are true. The wheel should be
turned slowly while the test is going on.
If at any point either of the sides of either
of the sprockets do not touch the straight
edge the sprocket-wheel is out of true.
The general use of bicycies affects the
price of dour, says an exchange, as there
is less demand for bran to feed horses.
Thus one source of revenue is cut off from
the millers and the loss is added to the
cost of flour.
T. A. Griffiths of the Bay City Wheel
men was riding in the park New Year's
day with a wheel geared to 120. This is a
higher gear than the big Rambler quad
ruplet, which is only 109. It requires an
immense driving power to push this gear
along, but once it is well started the Bpeed
is terrific. The rear wheel revolves f«ur
and a half times while the pedals to round
once. It is the general impression that
hill climbing would be almost impossible
with such a gearing, but Griffiths rides all
the hills in the pane and the grade on
Golden Gate avenue from Pierce to.Steiner,
and up Steiner to McAllister street. He
is an exceptionally strong rider, however.
He is now* practicing with this high gear
and if he likes it and can become accus
tomed to it will ride it in the 2. r >-mile road
race on February 22 and in the relay race
in April. One thing undesirable about it
is it is almost impossible to back pedal or
stop the machine once it is started, ana a
quick stop is out of the question. A light
brake would avoid the necessity for this,
however. The wheel attracts a great deal
of attention wherever seen. The front
sprocket wheel has thirty teeth and the
rear one seven. An average gearing is any
where from sixty -six to seventy-two, the
sprockets having seventeen and seven,
eighteen and eight, or twenty and eight
teeth, so it can readily bo seen "what acuri
ority Griffith's new gear is. If he is suc
cessful witn it it will no doubt be largely
adopted by other riders, as the popular
idea is that if a rider can push a high gear
he is better off as he gets greater speed with
less revolutions of the pedals.
It is seldom necessary to winter a wheel
in California except for perhaps a few
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
weeks at a time, but even during these
short periods extra care should be taken
with it. The most important point of all
is that it be stored in a perfectly dry place.
The enamel should be thoroughly cleaned,
as spots of mud left too long are apt to
cause a dull appearance of the surface.
All nickel parts should be wiped clean and
covered with some sort of oil or grease to
protect them from dampness. Special
preparations for this purpose will be found
desirable. If the bearings arc well oiled
with good oil, it is better to leave them
until you are ready to use the wheel again,
and then make one job of it, which will
leave them in good shape ready for use.
Wood rims should be varnished witn good
coach varnish at least once each year, for
appearance's sake if nothing else.
The board of officers of the league wiil
hold another important meeting next Sat
urday evening at the rooms of the Bay
City "Wheelmen.
It is not likely that the older manufac
turers of bicycles will spend much time in
getting out now models now, but will de
vote thier attention and money to bringing
their machines nearer than ever to the
goal of perfection. To the average person
it would seem as if perfection in bicycle
building had been attained, but such is
not the case. Though the cnanges in this
year's wheels may not be particularly
noticeable to tho eye, they will be to the
touch, which is far more important.
Care is being taken to increase the run
ning smoothness of every part of the
machines, so that in riding along the
cycler will hear nothing but the whirr ol
the wheels. Particular care is also being
taken io improve the crank-shaft mechan
ism. The demand for slightly heavii r
tires will cause the ISO*) wheels to weigh a
pound or so more than last year's, but it
will be a boon to tourists ;md long distance
riders, whose greatest trouble is with tires.
The increase in weight will hardly be
noticeable, if at all. With the various im
provements which are being added for the
increased strength and comfort of the
bicycle, wheelmen may look forward with
mucti pleasure to the coming season, par
ticularly those who will be fortunate
enough to get one of this year's wheels.
Will T. Valentine, whose picture is pre
sented herewith, is a member of the Call
Bicycle Club, and a rider of considerable
ability. He has not yet tried his fortunes
on the racing rath, but on the road he has
shown speed which indicates him to be a
crackerjack if he were properly trained and
experienced. His friends hope to induce
him to try his hand at racing the coming
season, ami predict he will be quite suc
cessful. He will carry the coiors of the
Call Bicycle Club— red and white.
William Rogers, the trainer of the Cali
fornia Cycling Club, has about twenty
men under his charge now, ana they are
fast developing into speedy riders. Their
century New Year's day was ample evi
dence of this. Rogers is one of the best
traim-rs of cyclists or athletes in America,
and the California Club was fortunate to
secure him.
The quadruplet machine has been taken
out to the park nearly every pleasant day
of late, anc the men who ride it have an
easy time as the work is minimized with
four men up, and it is no trick at all to
keep up a two-minute gait providing ;i
park policeman is not in evidence. One
fact about the "quad" that is not gen
erally known is that it is almost impossi
ble to handle it with an inexperienced rider
on. The four men mast all be good riders.
The machine is sensitive and will swerve,
.sway and swing alarmingly if tiie riders
are not experienced and familiar with its
peculiarities. The front man nas the, hard
est work, as he steers ttie machine,
and it must be kept in a perfectly straight
line when goin^ fast or an accident is i la
ble to happen. The man ou the rear seat
acts as a sort of rudder, and by swaying
his body with the machine he materially
aids the guiding of it. The m-chine is
generally maimed by C. C. Hopkins, T. A.
Griffiths, T. C. Dodge and 11. P. Ayhvard
of the Bay City Wheelmen. Sfalbixg.
HANDBALL.
Annual Banquet of the Occidental
Handball and Racquet Club.
The members of the Occidental Handball
and Racquet Club will hoJd their annual
banquet this evening in the ball court 120
Grove street, which place will be hana
somely decorated with flags and divers
bunting in honor of the occasion.
This will be the first banquet held in
this City under the auspices of a handball
club and it is hardly necessary to state
that the members aiid their friends will
enjoy themselves only as athletes can
when they congregate around the festive
boards to celebrate some special event in
the history of general athletics.
President D. E. Condon has been un
tiring in his efforts to make this evening's
banquet a success in every particular and
it goes without saying that when a man of
Mr. Condon's integrity and ability puts
his shoulder to the wheels of progress,
r. r. BoyjfKT,
Champion Amateur Player of the Coast.
A TRIO OF CALIFORNIA HANDBALL EXPERTS.
that is artistically speaking, something
must turn fast in the direction of the goal
to success.
James C. Nealon, the "papa" of the
coa^t championship team, has been a
strong admirer and supporter of handball
for many years, and to that gentleman is
due much of the success that thegrundold
Irish game has achieved in recent years.
R. C. O'Connor, the father of Gaelic toot
ball on this coast, js also a fond admirer
of handball, which, he does not. hesitate to
say, is the grandest of all indoor games
now played by tueathletesof this county.
It has been suggested that, after the ban
quet is over. Judge M. Cooney and Clar
ence Howland will afford the members
and guests an opportunity of seeing them
engage in a game of ball according to the
latest and most popular rules framed by
the Hon. William Broderick especially for
players who have passed the half-century
plant. The programme that has been
arranged for this evening is as follows:
Welcome, President 1). E. Condon; "Coast
Championship Team," Hon. James C. Nealon;
vncal solo. Fred Myrtle; "Gaelic Games," R. ('.
O'Connor: barytone kolo, W. T. O'Brien:
"Olympic Club," Dr. E. N. Short; recitation, T,
F. Bonnet; vocal solo, lion. William Broderick;
violin solo. Irish melodies, J. E. O'Meara; "Occi
dental Ball Court," .ludse M. Cooney; vocal
solo. Clarence A. Rowland ; "The Ladies,"
Frank T. Shea.
Handball games to lake place at P. Ryan's
San Francisco ball court Sunday are: J.
Rodgen and C. McKinnoo to play G. McDon
ald and P. Ryan; M. Kdwards and' R. Murphy
toplfty.7. Collins and . I. White; R. Shea and
J. Brannick to play P. Barnett nnd 11. Moffatt;
J. Kelson and K. Foy to play D. Connolly and
J. Slattery; W. Williams, the'lioßtonian, and J.
Harlow. the coast champion, to play J. Law
less and Al Pennoycr, the game to be" the best
three out of five, twenty-one aces.
THE GUN.
Swan-Shootingr in Sulsun Marshes—
The Trap at Davlsvllle.
Possibly the cold snap of recent date will
increase the supply of wild ducks in the
bay marshes. The last rain scattered
birds in every direction, and as a result
the big bags that were so common in the
early months of the season are seldom
beard ot now. Reports from many of the
southern counties state that wild game is
very plentiful and that the market hunters
are making hay while the sun shines.
Although the widgeon duck is very
scarce in the marshes' they are said to be
very plentiful in the vicinities of Bakers
held and Los Banos.
Sportsmen who have shot in the Suisun
marshes this week report that the birds
are returning and that the best baes re
corded so far have been made by those
who sculled through the small sloughs.
ynite a number of mallard and teal were
killed on New Year's day by hunters who
took advantage of the holiday for an out
ing in the country.
Tho tule fires of last week, which were
certainly the means of leaving the Suisun
marshes barren of birds, are now ex
tinguished and better sport will result,
provided, of course, that, the weather will
not continue to be too cold. Any person
who has had experience in duck-shooting
is well aware that heavy frosts will drive
such birds as teal, sprisr and widgeon to
the southern country, where the climate is
mild at all seasons of the year.
Swans are remarkably numerous in the
Suisun marshes this season, and a good
caller can easily decoy these birds within
shooting range. A professional hunter
shot, thirteen swans one day last week.
In fact he decimated the entire band. In
reference to swan-shooting the following
story was recently told of President Cleve
land:
"On his return to the White House after
a trip to the marshes the President wit
nessed thedumpingof the gamebag, which
contained GO ducks, oU partridges, 5 geese
and 4 brant, but there were no swans.
The longevity of these birds is proverbial.
Last winter Mr. Cleveland shot several of
them, and one of them, in the general dis
tribution, fell to the lot of Private Secre
tary Thurber. 'How did you like that
■-wan?' Mr. Cleveland asked a few days
later. 'Haven't been able to taste it yet,'
Mr. Thurber replied.
"Why so?" asked the President.
"Well, sir," replied Mr. Thurber, "after
boiling it, for three wholo days I was not
able to get my teeth through one of its
centennial tendons." With this experi-
AN EARLY SHOT.
[Reproduced from Shooting and Fishing.]
ence to guide them, the Presidential party
decided this year to let the swan remain,
in the classical language of the Eton Latin
grammar, a "rara avis in terra."
Frank Vernon had a most enjoyable
shoot near Snisup last Sunday. He ex
perience i slough-sculling for the first time,
and became so infatuated with the sport
that he tried the game a^ain last Wednes
day, with very flattering results. Mr.
Vernon had a professional hunter handle
the oars, while ho accomplished the shoot
ing, and among the assortment of wild
fowls he had on his strap at the end of the
day's sport were fifteen mallard ducks and
about thirty teal. It costs money, how
ever, to enjoy this kind of an outing.
Besides the fare to and from Suisun and
hotel bill?, the hunters charge $5 a day to
scull sportsmen fcfarongh the slousrha
where pood shooting can be depended
upon from now until the end of the sea
son. The hunters on Bell's ark at Espi
noza station charge $3 a day, and quite a
spirited rivalry is existing between the
Competing scullers for patronage.
The keepers of the Cordelia and Teal
clubs do not annoy so-called poachers any
D. E. CONDOy,
President accidental Handball Court.
longer, and as a result the shooting over
the once well-fed ponds is exceedingly
lively.
Members of the Mallard Club and others
who have been summoned toappear before
Jud^e Fuller of the Circuit Court on Feb
ruary 3 to answer a bill of complaint are
not very much alarmed concerning tho re
sult. Some of the people who have been
subpenaod can prove beyond all question
of doubt thai they have never trespassed
or shot upon the fbis Chib grounds, ana it
is presumed that keepers and others who
have sworn to having seen them acting in |
a decidedly boisterous and outrageous ■
manner, etc., will be given a decidedly j
"pleasant" surprise so far as the cultivating j
and refreshing of fading memories are j
concerned when the proper time arrives.
The Rod and Gun Club will hold a ban
quet this month at its customary head
quarters on Market street.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
will meet at K. of R.B.Hall.corner of O'Far
rell and Meson streets, on Tuesday even
ing next, and as matters of particular im
portance to sportsmen will be discussed a '
large gathering of the lovers of shooting I
and fishing is expected.
The committee appointed at a special
meeting of tiie club held some weeks ago
to investigate the right of clubs to block
ade certain navigable sloughs will report
what the result of a conference with the
Federal authorities amounted to.
Otto Feudner returned from Davisville
on Thursday after having participated in
a pigeon tournament which was held in
Davisville on the Ist inst.
He reports that having engaged too ex
tensively in the good things of life on the
evening of the last day of the old season,
his shooting eye was a little bit off, and as
j a consequence he fell below his usual
mark. Fanning, who was Feudner's
partner, shot well and carried away sev
, eral good prizes. John Feudner of Davis
| ville made the best scores of the day.
j Several hrst-class trap shots representing
j Stockton, Sacramento and adjacent towns
I took part in f. he race for cash prizes.
A New York sportsman who parts his
name in the middle and whose first name
is not John, but whose center name is
Fred, recently went on a quail-hunt in
Maryland. He started out with a friend,
and in nis usual innocent way pretended
that he was a poor wing shot, when, in
fact, he is a regular Brewer style of marks
man. When the first covey of quail were
found Fred s-aw them running rapidly on
the ground ahead of the dog, and in
stantly threw his gun to his shoulder and
took aim, to be in readiness as soon as
they flushed. His friend, perceiving bis
action, shouted: "Here, hold on; don't
shoot them quail when they are running."
To which Fred retorted in an injured tone
of voice, "Well, I guess 1 won't; I'll wait
till they stop."
THE ANGLER.
How "Doc" Watt Landed an Elgh-
teen-Pound Trout.
Angling for steelhead trout in Russian
River still continues to be excellent, and
many lovers of the sport are taking ad
vantage of the present fine weather and
the good condition of the river for fishing.
Of all men who cast lines in the river
last month the most delighted member of
the Walton family was "Doc" Watt, a
director of the San Francisco Rod and
Gun Club. The "Dou" returned last Mon
day with four beautiful fish, one of which
scaled eighteen pounds and measured
thirty-seven inches. This game denizen
of the river gave its conqueror a battle
royal which lasted forty minutes, while it
made seven desperate rushes for liberty,
taking each time every inch of the 150 feet
of line which the reel contained.
The contest between the fish and the
angler is described as follows by a friend
of Judge Evans, who witnessed the race
for freedom on the part of the rish and the
capture of the prized beauty by the highly
inspected Mr. Watt:
"My attention! was attracted by a wild
shout, 'I've got 'im,' from the doctor, who
wai looking decidedly serious and per
plexrd as the line on his reel was fast
fading from sight," said the narrator.
"The tish, fortunately for the angler,
lodged just as it had taken every inch of
line the reel contained, and the expression
on the Doc's face as he looked at the
empty reel and realized what the result
would be in ca^e the fish concluded to
make another rush into the deep and blue
waters of the big river, I shall never forg.et.
"Judge Evans even looked excited, but
nevertheless he kept the doctor on ice by
encouraging words.
"The fish having evidently concluded
that a dash in the direction of shallow
water rnisrht unfasten the hook, which had
taken a firm hold in its mouth, shot away
from the deep, leaving the angler in the
deuce of a mess, as therf» were several yards
of slack line to be reeled up.
" 'Get back. Doc; get back on the bank
and reel up fast.' shouted the Judge.
''The Doc took the advice, but in his ex
citement his feet somehow got tangled up
in the rocks, and over he went sprawling
on the ground, b u t he held on to the rod
nevertheless, and was up again in a jiffy
to find that the steelhead had taken an
other wild dash down the etream and
straightened out the line again.
"'Gosh! what a lucky oog you are,'
shouted the Judge; 'any other man would
sursly have lost that tish.'
J. C. NEALON,
The Fetired Heavy-Weight Champion.
"Stung by the sharp steel, the steel
head continued its mad runs and plunges
down stream, and I could not help laugh
inc at the sight the doctor presented
jumping over the rocks and running as
fast as he could along the shore, while the
fish was making good headway toward the
ocean.
"Finally the silvered beauty lodged
again, and the doctor took in large and
long breaths of pure mountain air as he
slowly reeled in the few yards of slack
line that remained over.
" 'You have him pretty well under com
mand now, doctor,' remaiked the Judge,
'but you must keep a cool head and a
steady hand, otherwise something may
give way.'
"The doctor never said a word, but kept
his eagle eye on the spot under which the
fish was supposed to be resting.
"Tug! tug! tug! and the doctor spoke
for the hrst time since he had hooked his
prize.
"'Ha! ha! Judge; the fellow is now
rooting in the sand trying to get that
double hook out of his mouth, but I'll
fool him.'
"Putting a strain on the line, the 'Doc'
hit the butt of his rod a few stiff blows
and the reel commenced to sing the steei
head march. The lish now made the
most desperate of runs, taking every bit
of line and compelling the 'Doc' to take lo
the water up to hifl hips. In his excite
ment Watt lost his hat, leaving his glitter
ing pate exposed to the sharp north wind
and sun, but he paid little attention to
such small matters, being an angler of the
old school.
"Well, he finally succeeded in getting
the lish well under command, and by
clever handling of the rod the prize was
soon within range of the doctor's cold,
cold grasp, which, of course, meant death
to the king of fresh-water fishes. The
doctor certainly deserves credit for the
manner in which he handled his prize
during the struggle, using an eight-ounce
rod and 150 feet of line."
Joe Dieves, Captain Curaming and Isaac
Surrhyne visited Duncans Milis recently,
but the anglers found that the water was
somewhat discolored and not in good
order for fishing. The trio, not to be out
done, however, purchased thirteen rish,
which they proudly returned with, and
the stories they related concerning the
capture of the steelheads actually caused
Charley Green, Jack Lemmer aud some
other old anglers to turn black in the face.
J. Fitzgerald and wife, Charles Green,
A. Wilson and some other lovers of the
sport are now enjoying excellent fishing
near Duncans Mills. The North Pacific
Coast Railroad will run a special train at
1:45 o'clock this afternoon for Duncans
Mills.
The following ladies and gentlemen vis
ited Duncans Mills during the past month,
and some were rewarded with encouraging
success in angling for steelhead trout:
John Kidney of Azalea, \V. A. Redding of
Healdsburg, Green Watson, J.Kenny, Erl Wasser
and \V. K. Mundellof Sausalito, Mr. Callahan of
Healdsburg, Horace Smyth and Charles Precht
of San Francisco, J. W. McCaoghey of Bodega,
N". W. Cornell of Tomales, Mrs. C. Lambert,
Frank Lambert and George Lambert of Austin
Creek, Charles Prien of San Francisco, J. A.
Barlow of Markhams, Mr. Blake and Mr. Mil
ler of Sausaiito, Paul Strantz of San Francisco,
E. Keating of Snus.-.lito, M. Clasby of Browns
Ranch, Mr. OracKnell. A. W. Wilson, P. A.
Murphy, John Babcock, F. G. Sanborn, W. R.
McFarland and Captain Cummings of San
Francisco, Joe Dieves and wife, Isaac Surrylme
and wife and Robert Liddle and wile of Oak
land, Phil McDonnell of Snn Francisco, Mr.
Hoyt Jr. of Oakland, 11. B. Field oi Cazadero,
A. B. Altschuland James Watt of San Francisco.
J. M. Lindsay, E. A. Kiltou and Thomas Cough
lin of Sausalito; M. < - rosse. It. G. McMillan, W.
C. McGregor and F. McGregor of San Francisco;
Howard Thompson of Railroad station, "Doc"
Simpson and C. B. Green of San Francisco, E.
11. Shoemaker of Sausitlito, D. E. Baker of San
Kafael, E. R. Clute, J. J. Sullivan and A. Rus
sell Crowill of San Francisco; W. Fisk, wife
and two children, of Sea View; F. Van Stan
and A. B. Finch of San Francisco; W. B. Allen,
John Clark and Charles Bone of Howards; Sam
Brush of Freestone, G. Wilson of Timber Cove,
N.Sutton of Fort Ross, Miss G. Surryhne of
Oakland, Al Hall of Point Reyes, Oliver P.
Evans of San Francisco, James Dollar of San
Rafael, Mrs. Southwood of Willow Creek, Her
bert Henderson, Charles Ginazzi and Charles
Fort] of Bodega; Benjamin Powers of Guerne
ville, Mrs. Mary Walters, Louis Walters and
Martin Walters of Fort Ross; J. R. Morris of
San Rafael, C. G. Buck of San Francisco. E. A.
Hart man of San Rafael, G. E. Park of San
Francisco, Samuel Shaw and Mr. Fitzgerald
aud wife of Azalea.
ATHLETICS.
Baseball at Central Park-Carnival
of Athletic Sports.
The Pacifies and the Olympics, the local
exponents of the National game, will meet
again Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at
Central Park for their seventeenth match
this year. Latterly, the games have been
exceedingly even, but the Olympics lead
by three victories for the entire season.
Following is the composition of the
nines for this next struggle:
Pacifies Position ' Olympics
Stanley Catcher '. O'Kane
Ibur.{ Pitcher Cooney
Wildes Fi rst base Powers
Hanley Second base Beckett
Pequi;;ney Third base Mertes
laniie Shortstop Monuhiin
JJdraas Lelt Ue:d Krug
Tread way Center Held Walden
Wallers Higni fle;d Green
A correspondent writes that the New
Jersey Athletic Club will hold a monster
carnival of athletic sports in Madison
square Garden on February 1. At t: c last
rneetinß of the Amatenr Athletic Union
the board of governors granted to the N.
J. A. C. the privilege of Holding the two
mile steeplechase and the ten-mile run,
scratch, for tlie championships of Amer
ica. These two events alone will be worth
a journey to witness. In the ten-mile run,
Tommy Conneff, the holder of the world's
amateur record for one miie, will start and
will endeavor to break the indoor record
and the American record as well. It is be
lieved that Conneff, in fine shape, can
create new figures from six miles to ten.
His principal opponent will be C. H. B*-an,
the five-mile champion of New England;
James Rushworth of Boston and others.
In the two-mile steeplechase such well
known distance men as A. b. George, the
English champion; E. Hjertberg, the
American ex-champion; George Orton,
the present champion; George Jarvis, An
drew Walsh, Gabe Hollander and others
will try.
The "events open to all amateurs are as
follows: Fifty-yard run, handicap; 440
--yard run, handicap; one-mile run, handi
cap; 220-yard hurdle, handicap; standing
hop, step aud jump, scratch; running high
jump; 220-yard run, handicap; 880-yard
novice, scratch; one-mile walk, handicap;
standing broad jump, handicap; quarter
mile novice for schools of Brooklyn, Jer
sey City and New York one-mile bicycle
race, handicap under L. A. W. rules and
sanction.
COURSING.
Greyhounds That Will Run at the
Ocean View Park.
The following dogs have been entered
for Sunday's coursing p.t Gasserly & Kerri
gan's Ocean View Park:
Richmond kennel's Richmond Boy vs. Fal
can kennel's White Rose, F. C. Randolph's
Trix vs. M. Walsh's Can't Win, T. Klynn's
Bowery Boy vs. P. Ryan's Magpie, Villa ken
nel's Maud G vs. J. Bradshaw's Earth
quake, Potrero's kennel's Lilly vs. T.
Hynn's Empire, C. Anderson's N'igper
vs. Richmond kennel's Longfellow,
J. Bradshaw's Merced Flyer vs. J. Tracy's
Swede, M. Sicotte's Stamboul Queen vs. Villa
kennel's Lempst, W. Reide'a Belle B vs. G.
O'Brien's Little Bob, J. Tracy's J O C vs. Po
trero kennel's Lorene, M. W. Kerrigan's White
Cloud vs. M. O'Connor's Foxhall, T. Ford's
Mftggie vs. Richmond kennel's Lady Richmond,
\V. Creamer's Regent vs. J. T. Hammon's
American Boy, T. lord's Lily M vs. Sunrise ken
nel's Jennj Lind, C. Evan's Dasuaway vs. C.
Hooper's Duke, C. Hooper's Trilby Second vs.
Sunrise kennel's Butcher Boy. Ed Cauuvan
will judge and John Cranston will act as slip
per.
Broadsword Challenge.
C. B. Solrns, manager for Ivan Malchin,
DYSPEPSIA.
Dyspepsia and hot bread are an unhappy
combination.
• *
Dyspepsia and fats don't coalesce.
•*•
Dyspepsia's greatest enemy is Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
**•
When you suffer from dyspepsia eat
slowly.
• •.
When you suffer from dyspepsia eat just
enough food to comfortably fill the
stomach. Eat often.
• ■••>
Don't take very hot or cold drinks if you
have dyspepsia.
«
• •
Use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla three
times daily and follow bottle instructions.
• *•
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla will clean
the stomach, bowels and liver.
• ••
Dyspeptics, avoid sardines, French
dishes, grease, fat, and use Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
• *♦
Dyspeptics, eat steaks Bnd chops, roast
beef, mutton and veal— avoid pork.
•*•
Dyspeptics, use Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla, but don't use a substitute. ;'.?■
• * *
Do you suffer with gases in the stomach?
Take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
• *♦
Have you a feeling of lead in the stomach
after pating? TaKe Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla.
• # #
1 Dyspeptics, aToid a substitute.
a Russian swordsman, who recently ar
rived in this City, challenges Ssr
Owen Davis of the Presidio to a broad
sword contest with Malchin. *oims states
that he will hack his protege to the extent
of $1000 that he will defeat Davis in the
three mounted contests and three contests
on foot. The- match, if made, is to take
place within thirty days. Malchin can be
found at 8 Mason street.
The Field Trials.
At a recent meeting of the Pacific Coast
Field Trials Club the judges selected for
the coming trials near Isakersrield are: D.
M. l'yle of Bakersrield, Andrew Jackson
and W. S. Kittle of this City.
SAN MIGUEL EANCHO.
The Property Defense Association to
Hold a Joint Jleetinjf.
The San Maguel Defense Association
met at Jmlson's Hall, corner of Twenty
third and Douglass streets, last night.
Thirty new members joined the associa
tion by depositing $1 50 apiece with the
executive committee, whose business it is
to see that the law firm employed by the
association shall attend to the court pro
ceedings incident to a service of papers by
the representatives of the Noe heir 3. The
object is to avoid the possibility of a de
fault being entered against a property
owner, necessitating the purchase of a
quitclaim deed from the alleged claimants.
So far the membership of the association
has reached 237. It is necessary according
to the agreement entered into with the
law firm, that 500 lots be represented to
secure a nominal rate, and it is to that
end that the executive committee is work
ing.
Reports from the Ocean View committee
give promise of fifty more lots soon to be
placed with the committee, and to-morrow
additional canvassing will be made in that
district.
A. Klahn, a representative of the Fair
mount Defense Club, was present at the
meeting and, refcrrini: to the work of the
Fairmount Club, he said that the case it
has been opposing will be settled next
week and that the defense has not cost the
association anything.
He also said that The Fairmount Club
would hold a meeting at Ruiancler's Hall,
corner of Twenty-eiuhth and Church
streets, next Tuesday night.
It was finally agreed to make the occa
sion a joint meeting for the Fairmount
Defense Club, the Home Protection Im
provement Club and the Han .Miguel De
fense Association, the purpose being to
exchange ideas and possibly to form 1
union of the other clubs with the San
Miguel to facilitate the enrollment of the
necessary 500 lots.
NEW TO-DAT.
\ THE BEST \
\ lEW YEAR'S GIFT! }
\ A '96 HiQDEL A
V $100. \
\ COLUMBIA and HARTFORD \
< l BICYCLES-^ \
\ Call at our store and see them. . S
<. THE '96 COLUAIBIA DESK PAD (
I CALENDAR for sale. Price, 10c. \
\ TOPE IUWJFMrCRHtI CO., \
< TOPE raUFAWIRIM CO., <
\ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. . \
STEARNS
BICYCLES!
For any one to purchase
a bicycle before seeing
the
'96 STEARNS
Would be a matter of re-
gret. There's a differ-
ence in bicycles— there's :
none like the STEARNS. :•
E. C. STEARNS k CO.,
304-306 Post Street. .
DEVA3Y, HOPKHS & CO., City Agents.
■ - — ■ . _
1898 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will be Sold for
SSS.OO.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1896 Ramblers...... .$10!K0D
1805 ISamblers 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
437 S. Spring Mt., Los Angeles.
jrHi: _ a
ft: -mam
FORJj
THE WHITE RIMMED HUMMER tS THE COMER.
KOO K-E R & CO.
Retail Store— 7640 Market Street.
Cyclery—Cor. Page and Sianyan Streets
Wholesale Deo't- 76-78 Dfumm Street S F
COAST AGENTS FOR *'■;:':'■BUILT OF PRECIOUS ORE
Count de Toulouse Loutrec Chats
of the Trans-Siberian
Railroad.
GREAT MINERAL RICHNESS.
A Title That Is Not for Sale— Admires
California Women Very
Much.
People who believe that counts, earls
and other members of the aristocracy are
all effete and lymphatic would receive a
rude shock to their pet convictions if they
met the Count do Toulouse Loutrec, who
• 1 at the Hotel Gailhard on Pine
street, as plain M. St. Loutrec of Paris.
II the Count were the descendant of a
hundred horny-handed sons of toil instead
of a hundred counts, he could not reason
ably expect to be bigger or more muscular
than he is, recinc; that he stands 6 feet 4
and is broad and muscular in proportion.
His face is very tanned, too, for tbe Count
has been roughing it for live years while
ad-making in Siberia. In spite of
i ren^th M. St. Loutrec is a
ecion of one of the most aristocratic
families m France, and if his name and
tale were inscribed in full they would
two lines of the hotel register.
"I come from Siberia nn business," he
saia when seen yesterday afternoon. "For
I dislike 'reclame,' but if The < ai i
to tell its? readers something about
a I am willing to talk, for it is a
■ rful country. The Trans-Siberian ;'
Railroad is being pushed rapidly west, as
-now. [am contractor for a portion
of the line between Vladivostock and Cha
barowski, on the Anioor— a mere fraction
of the -ircat railroad, a ba in fact,
that does not amount to in ■
"All along the line the v ing let
■ q this way. Tiie Guv* rnment pays—
aiiiS i:e that it pays regularly
J every fweek as: average of a ruble r>er
foot. A ruble amounts to 50 cents. Labor
ty is to get con
tractors. If American capitalists went
there just now they would coin
money."
When asked whether foreigners were
■ th declared that the Rdb-
t literally holds out its
arms to then. "A passport is needed, but
Formality. Every induce
settlera. They can take
up laml, and the climate ia delightful.
re I live, inland from Vladivostock,
same as in Van
- nourish, and though we
nave ice in January and February the cold
is pone by March. * That reminds me that
• ve-nruent Las surveyed a branch of
-;road from the RiverAnioor to i J ort
Arthur, which is open aii the year round.
Wort: will begin on that branch in th
r tish Government oppose!
-.tion tooth and nail, but bah
• - there heeds that. Altogethe
ler the Russian Government maj
.: in its enterprises. In Tonquin
■ mracts for our French Governnieu
but what a difference '. Everything tlu-r
: tne oil a little, cheap scale, and th
of each cent was counted; but i
i ! ah ! it is splendid.
c country is rich ; sold is to be found
in masses." As he said these words the
I drew a piece of glittering crystal
his pocket. "Tnat is what we are
ructing the line with along my sec
tion. I picked up a few bits of the rock
-i- the crystals glittered prettily.
■iay 1 was showing the pieces to a
man here and he said, •That is silver
me. So we had it assayed and found that
■ i 10 per cent pure silver. Ir.
gives you an idea of the mineral wealth of
the country when you realize that ore of
that richness is being shoveled in to make
the railroad.
"When the line is finished it will take
nine days to go to St. Petersburg from
•.-rock. That port is reached from
Japan in three days, and there is already
i service of steamers, the tare
being only $I^.
"And now I have praised the country. I
1 raw backs,'" said the handsome
I in rueful tones. -'There is one
sadly lacking— we have no women.
A- 1 go through your streets I turn and
look at your women in admiration— tney
are beautiful, angelic If the unmarried
to Siberia they would have
the pick ol the head men in the country,
r-, the contractors, the mine*
awners wo I be at their feet, for those
.gentlemen over there are without a lady
gentleman in our sec
: the line has, his family; but I
: to .-ay that the daughters are ex
ngly home. y— yes, Ugly!
"For myself it "is more 'triute' than for
the others. Having no ladies' society,
ass a •_■!■<<.• deal of Their snare time
g and playing cards. I do not
• mble; all I can do is to so to
my room, and when 1 get tired of reading I
riling, fold raj arms sadly and gaze j
at the Tiiat will never occnr
if I can persuade one of
your beautiful California women to make
Benedict."
When it was suggested to the Count
tter lead a "Dersonally con
':,.etedJ' party of "new women"' pioneei •?
up land in Siberia, be replied em
phatically that one woman was about all
i;e felt equal to conducting. The insinua
tion that there might be no heire.-s in
town rich enough to consummate the bar
gain called forth a pained protest.
"Pal • neur,'' he replied, foow
rth Parisian grace, "I am not /or
sa!e. 1 work hard to make enough money
to be independent. I have not seen
any ladie* fur rive years, and it is only
natural that the beauty of the California
women should dazzle me and fill me with
the desire to take one of them away with
me: but— for sale! Jamais, jamais!"
If. St. Loutree is on his way to I
to organize a syndicate for the purpose of
taking Siberian railroad contracts on a
large scale. In spite o: his romantic ad
miration for the California pirl, he is evi
dently an experienced, bard-headed man
of business. As for that rame admiration,
the unemotional Rudyard Kipling owns to
something of the same feeling on landing
here aiter a mere voyage across the Pacific,
and the Count de Toulose Loutree has
been live years without seeing any more
attractive women than the ■ easants of
ria; no wonder be worships at the
rnia girls' shrine. He is a young
man and is full of interesting anecdotes
about life In (Siberia, through which he
has traveled extensively.
USED A DUMMY STEER.
Clever Ruse Adopted.* by Hunters in
Order to Approach a Wllcl-
Duck I'ond.
There was a meeting of the Fish Com
ncrs yesterday. After the routine
etia r .v;is transacted the Commission
ran to discuss the Merced case?,
where several market-hunters were ar
rested for slaughtering ducks and geeso on
the plain ponds by the use of guns larger
than a twelve-gauge. These hunters have
trained cattle. The animals are moved
to the ponds, with the hunter hid
ing behind their Jarge bodies on the land
side. When within shooting distance the
Lunter merges from his "live blind" and
blazes away, with more or leso slaughter
oi -pame.
It was suggested that a good way to stop
such slaughter with big guns would be to
have a law exacted prohibiting the use
of live blinds as well as large guns.
I-hat would be of no avail." remarked
Commissioner Morrison. "Up in Yolo j
County I saw an original idea put into
operation by two young hunters. In that
county there are a number of ponds where
live blinds are used, and there are quite a
number of cattle trained to serve the
hunters. There is one pond, however,
where cattle are of no use, because the ap
proaches to the water are soft and boggy,
and will not bear up the weight of a
yearling steer.
"These two hunters puzzled their brains
for several days how they could get up
within shooting distance "of the ponds
whore the ducks were very thick. At last
they hit upon a plan. They took a piec«
of canvas the size of a steer's'side and with
a brush and several pots of mixed paints
they painted a brindle and white steer
upon the canvas. This they cut out and
fastened upon a frame and put a hinge in
the neck of their blind. With this the two
started for the pond and walked along the
marsh with the blind held between them
and the ponds. One of the hunters bobbed
the dummy's head up and down like an ox
feeding, while the other operated the
frayed end of an inch rope like an ox
switching the tlies from its side. When
close enough to the game they dropped
the blind to the ground and began to blaze
away, and great was tne slaughter of
ducks. Where such a clever substitute
can be made for a live blind there is no use
in passing laws on that subject."
IN AID OF INCURABLES
The Board of Supervisors Will
Be Asked to Donate
a Site.
Plan to Erect a New Building for the
King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables.
The nature and needs of the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables, at 217
; Francisco street, will soon be brought to
tbe attention of the Board of Supervisors
in the form of a statement of its history
I and a petition for the donation of a site
for the proposed new building.
The institution has outgrown its habita
tion, which is crowded and in many re
spects inadequate to the demands upon it.
A noble work has been done in an un
ostentatious way since the incorporation
in 1890. Although the name would indi
cate that all who went therein left hope
behind, such is far from the case. Many
have gone forth to lives of usefulness after
a few months of the pleasant home atmos
> phere and the careful attention for which
j the home is noted. One young lady who
' entered the institution bearing with her a
: certificate pronouncing her case incurable
j is now earning her own livelihood.
Yet the majority of the cases are literally
j incurable, ami many an old person, friend
less and hampered by an aiiment that
! would iv.st as long as life, has found acor
n: fortable home and companionship for his
remaining years. There are sixty-four
inmates at present, and applications are
liled for nearly 100.
The institution is supported by volun
j tary subscriptions, supplemented by the
j sums paid by such of the inmates or'their
j friends as are able to defray tueir expenses,
' wholly or in part. Since State aid was
withdrawn, through the economic meas
j ures of the hist Legislature, it has required
j clever financiering to make both ends
j meet.
It is proposed to erect a Duildins to cost
not le.-^s than $40,000 and which will ac
commodate at least 10u. A subscription
list hus been started, ihe proceeds of the
entertainment given by Miss Ida Dij-erens
in October and that recently held by nine
little girls at the home of" Mrs. A. Salts
formed a neat nucleus for the building
fund, and no inconsiderable addition win
hi made by the contribution of M cents
which will be requested from every King's
Daughter in the State during the year.
The plan of asking such contribution
from all the King's Daughters in the coun
try, because of the fact that this is the
only Home for Incurables under the aus
pices of that organization in the United
States, is being considered by the man-
agers.
The officers are: Mrs. J. G. Clark, presi
dent; Mrs.' E. M. Cofer, vice-president;
Mrs. Richard Brown, recording secretary;
Mrs. J. B. Lowe, financial secretary; Mrs.
Fred Diserens, treasurer. Mrs. Belie Leni
moi! is the efficient matron.
The life member? are : Mrs. G. W. Pres
' cott, Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Mrs. Fred Castle,
; Charles Kinsey <tnd Mrs. A. E. Green.
The circle membership consists of
"Cupertino" Circle, Cupertino: "Whatso
ever" Circie, ban Jose; "Friendly" Circle,
I Sao Jose; Mrs. B. H. Wagner's Sunday*
: school class, San Jose; -'Whatsoever"
I Circle, Windsor; "NVilling Workers"
Circle, Eureka; "'Helping Hand" Circle,
I Cambria; "Merry .Sunshine" Circle, San
Francisco; "Cambria" Circle, Cambria.
DIGGING FOR GOLD.
Editor Joe McCullough, and ex-Gov
ernor Francis Drawing Down Divi
dends .From Inyo Mines.
G. T. Rives, superintendent of the Ren
ard Gold Mining Company of inyo County,
in which St. Louis men are interested, is
at the Grand. The property is near Inde
pendence and but a mile and a half from
the Carbon and Colorado Railroad.
'•We have just completed a new ten
stamp mill, a wire rope suspension tram
way and several buildings," said Mr.
Rives. "A ledge of high-grade ore has
been opened and the property is paying
well now. We have already made several
shipments of gold and concentrates to this
City. Our working force varies from fif
teen to twenty men.
"Considering that this property was not
purchased till liny, I think we have made
a remarkable showing with it.
"Some of the best-Known men of St.
Louis are interested in the mine. Among
them are: Ex-Governor Francis, the mil
lionaire Pierre Choteau, Editor Joseph
McCullough of the Globe-Democrat, E. T.
Allen, a leading attorney, and Professor
\Y. B. Potter of Washington University,
formerly president of the American Insti
tute of Mining Engineers.
"Inyo County is new yet as regards
mining development, but it has many rich
prospects aside from developed mines, and
I look for a great deal of development
there, during the next year or two. The
mines we are working are in the Inyo
Range, opposite the Sierra Nevadas."
Mr. Rivea will be here several days.
— « — ♦ — •
MRS. SCANLIN'S CHILDREN.
Their Bight* a 9 Wards Outlined by
•Judge Coffcy.
Judge Coffey has settled the accounts of
Mrs. Mary Scanlin as guardian of her
minor children, and in doing so has settled
a bitter controversy which was waged be
fore him for a long time.
Mrs. Scanlin's account was protested by
her son and one of her six daughters, who
••laimert that all the nidney which passed
through her hands had not" been accounted
for. The ruling of the court, however,
sustains the account. Mrs. Scanlin's chil
dren inherited from their uncle $14,000
worth of property. She managed the
estate, and from it paid for the education
of her children.
The children opposed this, but Judge
Coffey holds she did right. Mrs. Se.anlin
was not punctual in making her periodic
reports, and the court expressed the belief
that if she had reported regularly the
trouble would not have happened.
Steps will soon be taken in Maryland to
organize among the women of the States
a "Mount Vernon Society," whose first
object will be to perpetuate patriotism and
the second to assist in the preservation of
Mount Vernon, the old Washington home
stead on the Potomac River.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
JOOSTS LOSE THE LINE
Judge Seaweil Decides That the
Railroad's Bonds Are
Legal.
FORECLOSURE OF THE DEBTS.
The San Mateo Electric Road Must
Be Sold to Pay All
Expenses.
Judge Seaweil yesterday decided the suit
brought by the bondholders of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railroad against
that corporation, and added another chap
ter to the dismai tale of retribution that is
falling upon all things once tainted with
Buckleyism.
By this decision the eight miles of
double-track efectric road, running from
Market and Steuart streets out among the
San Mateo hilJs, has passed from the
Joosts forever.
Tbe San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
road Company was formed with the Joosts
and a board of directors, and then the S. S.
(Sa;i Francisco and San Mateo) Construc
tion Company was organized for the pur
pose of doing the work. Like the Pacific
Improvement concern of the Central Pa
cific Railroad, it was closely connected
with its parent railroad company, and the
two labored in perfect harmony. By the
contract terms the directors of the railroad
company were to deliver to themselves as
directors of the construction company,
bonds -in fractional parts proportional to
the work completed.
But the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railroad Company, collectively and indi
vidually, have begun to feel 'the pinch of
poverty. The Joosts were in ueep water
and the others some distance from the
shore. The S. B. Construction Com
pany was stringing along the rails
and wires, sub-contracts were let on "long
time" and the work was being rushed
through in a careless manner.
Then the railroad directors delivered to
the construction directors bonds from time
to time, which were sold and the proceeds |
used to pay the bard-pressing bills. These i
did not include the wages of the laborers
and the price of Bupplies from the Risdon !
lorn Works nor other claims yet standing j
against the San Francisco and San Mateo !
twin companies, lv course of time the '
$1,100,0u0 iiad been spread along the eight |
miles of badly built road, between Steua.rt ;
street and tbe hills south of the City.
When the importuning creditors could 1
no longer keep cooling their heels in the i
anteroom a bold stroke was resolved upon, j
The directors of the San Francisco and j
San Mateo Railroad Company met and re
solved that the bonds had been prema
turely issued and, consequently, their dis
papal by tne S. S. Construction Company j
as pledges was illegal. They had been de
livered from one board of directors to the !
other in advance of agreed time and they j
were not security.
The $1,100,000 worth of creditors quickly
did something and the California Title In
surance and Trust Company, as their trus
tee, began suit for foreclosure in default of
payment of interest, and Judge Seaweil ;
yesterday sustained tbe validity oi the j
bonds. He decided in effect that the S. 8.
Construction Company was the accredited ;
agent of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railroad Company and the acts of the :
former were directed by the latter, and
consequently legal.
The court also ordered that aa soon as a
final decree should be signed the railroad
should be sold and the proceeeris applied i
to defray the cost of the suit; to pay the '
expenses of the receiver, Sanford Bennett;
to liquidate the preferred claims against
the road and the payment of the bonds, j
Receiver Bennett is to file his account in |
two weeks, when the decree shall De made, ;
Jud^e Seaweil decided further that the '
claim of the Risdon Iron Works for $11,000
was to be regarded as a preferred claim,
with those of the laborers, as it was a bill
for supplies used in the construction of the
road.
The laborers largely owe it to Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald, who caused
their different claims, amounting to from
§20 to |_'00, to be recognized among those
classed as preferred.
"It is well known that the proceeds of a
sale of the road will be only a small frac
tion of the indebtedness," said an attor
ney interested in the case, "and it is prob
able that the principal bondholders will
form a syndicate and operate the line till
all claims are paid. Tne road needs ex
tensive repairs am! some of the poor work
to be done over; bat it is a paying con
cern and only requires the right kind of
management."
The railroad company will appeal the
case to the Supreme Court.
WAR IN IHE DUCK MARSH.
Secretary Lloyd Eaton Says the
Maliard Club Will Hold
Its Own.
Hopes Expressed That All Present
Difficulties Among the Clubs
May Be Adjusted.
No little interest is manifested in sport
ing circles regarding the present contro
versy between the IM3 Club and its oppo
nents. The Call has published the par
ticulars of this interesting dispute from
lime to time.
Lloyd Eaton, secretary of the Mallard
Club, believes that the public ought to pro
test against the doings of the Ibis Club, an
organization incorporated under the laws
of Colorado. He said : -'Here are three men
attempting to establish a system of game
preserves all over the State. They fasten
onto lands which are valueless for any
other than hunting purposes and which,
as a rule, belong to persons or corpora
tions who never paid a cent for them.
Once these clubs get hold of these
tracts by paying a ridiculously small,
sometimes even nominal, rental, they
try to bar out every one else, even
though the tracts may measure miles in
extent and be composed altogether of
marsh land. Before long something will
surely be done to prevent this wholesale
gobbling up of bird-hunting lands."
Lloyd Eaton, secretary of the Mallard
Ciub. when asked for an*expression of his
views, said the facts had been so thor
oughly canvassed that he had little to add.
"However," he continued, "you may
put me down as savins that in spite
of the injunctions and proscriptions and
prohibitions of every kind and nature,
our club intends to hold its own. We
have never bothered the Ibis people, but
they have bothered us in the most intoler
able fashion. Why, don't you know,
when one of our members starts in shoot
ine anywhere near what they seem to
consider their dominions they send some
of their keepers over to spoil his shooting?
'•Yes, sir," went on Mr. Eaton, warming
up with his subject, "t:ie oilier day I was
shooting somewhere beyond the Cordelia
Chi.) s quarters, when" one of the Ibis
Club's keepers came to the pond where I
was and rowed out to the middle. I told
him to get out, that he was spoiling my
shooting. His only answer was to run ah
oar down into the bottom of the pond and
tie his boat to it. Then he lit up a big
pipe that was strong enough to drive any
body, let alone a duck, far from the place.
"When I saw that my game was spoiled
I went over to the other pond where the
Ibis men were shooting and started in
to shoot with them. They told me to get
out. I told them I would go as soon as
they wonld call their dogs off, meaning
the keeper. They got a little huffy, and
crumbled some, but I was game.
When I got back to where I had been the
keeper was gone, but the ducks were all
scared away.
"What we are fighting and what we in
tend to light to a finish," saia Mr. Eaton
in conclusion, % 'is not the Ibis Club nor
any other club in particular, but the false
and unjust principle that any club or per
son can be able to get a death-grip upon
marsh lands to the exclusion of peaceable
hunters who desire only to molest no one
and be unmolested in return. The mem
bers of our club are enthusiastic in their
conviction that the courts will decide in
our favor. In the meantime the best course
would seem to be the strictest adherence
to the rules of courtesy on both sides, with
tbe distinct understanding that our side
is going to hold its own."
Not Driscoll of Steiner Street.
In an article announcing that charges would
be preferred against Officer MoGratb for ill
treatment of one Dan Driscoll it was inad
vertently stated that the latter resided on
Steiner street. Tbe address should have been
Minna street.
RUDDELL CONTRADICTS IT
Says the Statement That He
and Wise Are at Outs
Is False.
A Score of Atlanta Fair Actresses
and Illegally Landed Chinese
Women Located.
Deputy Surveyor of the Port Samuel J.
Ituddell takes exception to the statement
published in these columns yesterday that
Collector John 11. Wise and himself were
at loggerh tads.
He said yesterday afternoon that he
and the Collector are stiil on. the most
friendly terms; that he was a guest of Mr.
Wise at the Cosmos Club on New Year's
clay, and expects, upon Mr. Wise's return
from Fresno, whither the Collector went
yesterday, to be dined by the head of the
Custom-house again, lie added that when
the Collector and himself parted night
before last they were the best of friends.
Mr. Buddell i 3 now domiciled at the
California Hotel, having quite awhile back
given up his comfortably appointed home
lor the convenient apartments of Brigadier
i General Warlield's hostelry. He dis
! claims ever having been the medium of
j Government secrets leaking out of the
j Custom-house to favored reporters.
That he may have enemies in the Treas
ury Department he does not deny, but he
I sees no particular reason, he says:, why tie
should have any. One word he has for all
that wa3 published about him, and that
i word is "false."
The work of Surveyor William D. Eng
lish is so conducted at present that Mr.
' Uudaell occupies a very responsible posi
| tion, and in Mr. English's absence he is
' acting Surveyor, the boarding of incoming
craft devolving largely upon his trusted
subordinate, Ellis A. Holmes.
Quite a number of the Atlanta Fair
Chinese women and a half dozen Chinese
i women who have managed to slip through
| the vigilance of the customs authorities
! have been located in Chinatown, and it re
mains with tue Collector what he will no
•to stop the laws being violated. Following
. is: a partial list of the Chinese slave women
j so far found :
At Hor Him's on Baker alley there are
| three girls, one of whom is an Atlanta Fair
actress.
At Loh Wong's, on the second floor op
posite Baker alley, i-» an actress.
Chin Kirn, opposite Kirn Kop's store,
has an actress domiciled.
There is an actress and a girl who was
illegally admitted besides at tiie City of
Peking den on Jackson street, second floor.
At Wong Luk's place on Bartlett alley,
third floor, aro two actresses.
There is an actress in the den at 1
Bartlett alley. Yee Doon, on Bartlett
ailey, has an actress. A so-called actress
lives in Wong Song's custody on the
second floor of the Wong Look house. On
the lirst floor of Wong Fook's Bartlett
alley den Is a fair girl. At Ko Govv's house
on Pacific street, second floor, is another.
There is one on the second floor at How
Geo Kok's on Ross alley.
Upstairs over Sing Sing cfc Go's store on
Washington street are two girls, one an
j Atlanta Fair actress and the other unlaw
\ fully landed. There is also a fair girl at
Lee Sing's, on Washington alley. One
lives at Wong One's, on tliß northwest
| corner ol Baker and Sullivan alleys.
An unlawfully landed girl is a slave at a
den on the north end of Dupont street.
i At Wong Sam's house on \Vashington
' street a girl named Kirn Ying ia domi
; ciled. She is said to have been unlaw
fully landed. There is a woman at Ho
Mov's, upstairs, on the southeast corner
! of Sullivan and Baker alleys, who was
| smuggled into the country.
At Leong Sing's, second floor, corner of
Dupont and Pacific streets, there ia a girl
who is not an Atlanta Fair actress, but is
a recent arrival. All these unfortunates,
j says The Call's informant, havecome into
the City within the last three months and
I been assigned to their respective dens.
] The information does not come from the
j Custom-house. «
ABDUCTION OF SING FONG
The Girl Keatorecl to Her Parents— Her
Abductor Arrested.
Sin? Foncr, 15 years old. daughter of Gee
Pon Chung, 712 Commercial street, was
abducted last Monday night by Lee Lang
Toy.
Diligent inquiry was made by the dis
tressed father to ascertain the place where
his daughter was detained, and yesterday
he secured a hint that the girl and her ab
ductor were in the basement at 833 Sacra
mento street. Sergeant McManua of the
Chinatown squad was called and forcibly
entering a back room of the basement
found the girl and Lee Lang Toy. There
was no furniture in the room. A few
boards and a blanket constituted the outfit.
Some food was found, consisting mainly of
candy and cake.
The girl was restored to her father and
her abductor arrested. He gave his age as
30 years, and aaid that the girl had $100
of his money.
The sergeant asked her about the money
and she denied having that or any other
sum. The prisoner then asserted mat she
had a gold watch belonging to him, but
she denied all knowledge of liie timepiece.
When Sergeant McManus took hold of
the girl v, lead her away from the base
ment, Lee Lang Toy used force to detain
her, claiming that he had married her.
The sergeant subdued him and de
manded his marriage license, which the
abductor could not produce.
According to the girl's statement to her
father, she was decoyed or enticed to the
basement by Lee Lang Toy.
To Install Key. A. J. Wells.
The service of installation of Rev. A. J.
Wells as pastor of tue Second Unitarian
Church will be held at 3 P. m. to-morrow.
There will be special services in connection
with tiie installation in the evening at the
usual hour, 7:45. The morning service will be
omitted. All the Unitarian ministers about
the bay will be present and participate in the
service.
Windsor Castle was built by William the
Conqueror. Edward 111, who was born
there, enlarged and beautified it. built the
royal palace and chapel, together with St.
George's Hall and its chapel, and insti
tuted there the Order of the Garter. Queen
Elizabeth added the terrace, faced with
free-stone ramparts, like those of a forti
fied city, which ia scarcely to be equaled
in Europe.
SOCIETY'S SECOND DANCE
Brilliant Cotillon Enjoyed by
the Four Hundred at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
PRIVATE DINNEES AND TEAS.
Bohemian Club High Jinks— Theater
Parties — Party for Bur
lingame.
The second cotillon and third meeting of
the Friday Night Club was held last even
ing at Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and
Market streets, and was quite largely at
tended by the members and strangers
within our gates. The hall had its usual
pretty decorations, which did not differ in
many respects from the Christmas gather
ing. The calcium and electric light 3 were
missed, but the pretty red shades on the
gas btirners, the hanging Christmas bells
and garlands and lovely loopmgs of white
and pink made a pretty picture. The
poinsettia among the ferns on the stage
showed out most brilliantly.
The guests began soon after 9 o'clock to'
arrive and by half after that hour Mr.
Green way started the cotillon with his
partner, Miss Romie Wallace, who were
assisted in leading by Southard Hoffman
Jr. There were about five figures danced,
all pretty and familiar one?, and chosen to
show off the rich gowns of the ladies.
Supper was served at the usual hour. 12
o'clock, after which an hour or tT?o was
spent in informal dancing.
Among those who tooK part in the
cotillon were:
Miss Ahips, Miss Clement, Mrs. Benson, Miss
Gibbons, Miss Moßean, Miss Pe.tton, Mrs. Car
rigan.Miss Smedberg, Miss Eva Moody, Miss
Young, Mrs. Taylor, Miss Van Ness, Miss Rose
Hooper, Miss Jessie Hooper, Miss Clementine
Kip, Miss Celia Tobin, Miss Helen Smith, Miss
Hnr*na Williams, Miss Genevleve Gcad, Miss
Frances Curry, Miss Helen Boss, Miss Romie
Wallace. Miss Anne Clark, Miss Jessie Cole
man, Miss Garber, Miss Mai Moody, Miss
El!a Goodall, Miss JBlnckmore, Miss Mc-
Nutt, Miss Mary Kip, Miss Butler,
Mrs. Knijrht, Miss Watt, Miss Mai. Stubbs,
Miss Gertie Forruan, Miss Glaseock, Mrs. Magee,
Miss McKenna, Miss Schneely, Miss Thomas,
Miss Hyde, Miss Bertha Smith, Miss Bessie
Zane, Miss Carroll, Miss Jarboe, Miss Sarah
Collier. Miss Juliette Williams, Miss Maraquiia
Collier, Misß Fanny Crocker, Mrs. Paige, Miss
L. Harrington, Miss Graves, Miss Grr.cie Clark,
Miss Lelia Burton, >fise Genevieve Carolan,
Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Miss Rogers, Miss Hobart,
.\ii-s (..win, Miss Pattern, Miss Potter, Migs Foote,
Miss de Noon, Miss Mhoon, Miss Ethel Smith,
Rhodes Borden, A. W. J. Bowie, H. A. Benson,
'J'ho:nn.s 11. Breeze, E. L. Brayton, Taylor H.
Benedict, W. L. Carrigan, Dr. T. Carson, L. E.
Chenery, L. N; Croxtou, Andrew Carrigan,
George T. Cameron, A. AY. Clement, C. L. Davis,
M.T.Davis, R. M. Duperu, A. 8. Fleming,
George B. de Long, R. M. Eyre, Maxwell Mo-
Nutt, N. M. A. McCully, Edwin McAfee, Tarn
McGrew, F. L. Owen. Henry W. Poett, S. C.
Pardee, W. D. Page, Willis Polk, Cutler Paige,
C. F. Preston, S. Chirk Porter, G. L. Rathbone,
A. B. Russell, MeP. S. Rutherford, A. G.
Rogers, H. C. Roeers, W. R. Sined
berg, Philip W. Tompkins, Benedict H. Taylor,
Morton Gibbons, J. B. Grim wood, E. M. Green
way, F. A. Greenwood, W. R. Heith, A. P.
Hayne, E. T. Houghton, 11. M. Holbrook,
Southard Hoffman, Stanley Jackson, J. W.
.loves, I). W. Kilburn, Samuel Knight, Harry
Kriowles, Walter G. Landers, Addison. Mizner,
Fred E. Magee, Tom Magee, Peter D. Martin,
Marion P. Mans, Lathnm MeMullin, Frank
McC. Van Ness. George S. Wheaton, A. P. Wil
liams, A. G. Wright, K» A. Wilcox.
The next meeting of the club will take
place on January 17. It will, be the leap
year cotillon and will be Jed by Miss Sallie
Maynard, assisted by Miss Hager. All
the ladies will wear their hair powdered
and possibly the army and navy officers
will appear in their uniforms and the
members of the Burlingame Club in their
red coats. Leap-year rules will be strictly
observed.
Mrs. George C. Boardman entertained a
number of friends at dinner at her resi
dence on Franklin street on Thursday
evening last. The party, including the
hostess," numbered twenty, and consisted of
Miss Edith Mcßean, Miss Ripiey, Miss Emelie
Hager, Miss Alice Hager. Miss Cora Smedberg,
Miss Helen Smith, Mips Bertha Smith, Miss
Carrie Taj' lor, Miss Fannie Crocker, Lieutenant
F. L. Wltra, Captain Marion P. Maus.Dr. George
Richardson, A. H. Small, Edward H. Sheldon,
Colin M. Smith, Frederick H. Coon, and the
sons of the hostess, G. C. Boardman, 8. H.
Boardman and T. D. Boardman. A few dances
were enjoyed after dinner until midnight,
when the New Year was ushered in with appro
priate ceremonies. *
Mrs. Jennie Catlierwood gave a tea on Sun
day evening last at her home, corner Butter
and Gough streets. Among- the guests present
were: Mrs. and Mrs. Jerome, Dr. Catherwood,
Misa Jennie Blair, Mise Ethel Smith, Miss
Marie Zane, Miss Fannie Loughborough,
Frederick R. Webster, Frederick N. Coon, E. T.
Messersmitta and j-:. X. Greenway. A pleasant
evening was spent, during winch light re
freshments were served. Miss Catherwood and
Dr. Catherwood favored with vocal selections.
Mrs. Thomas Breeze gave an informal tea at
her residence on Suiter street on New Year's
day.
The Bohemian fhib's'high jinks (Christmas
edition) were performed on Saturday evening
la.H in the club building. George T. Bromley
was sire. W. G. Stafford was Santa Clans,
Henry Hyrnan chief harper, Harry Dimoud
was jester and George E. Lyon impersonated
the artist. A number of excellent musical se
lections were rendered. Among the notable
ones were the ''Christmas Ode," with full
chorus, words by Peter Robertson and music
written by Theodore Voght; "Xazareth," suug
by .!. H. Rickard, and "Noel," 6ung by Frank
Cofiin. Following the high came the low
jinks, over which Harry Dimond presided.
Mts. John H. Jeweti announces that Miss
Lillian O'Connell of New York will on Satur
days, the 11th, 18tu and 25th of the present
month, give three recitals upon "Social Life in
Colonial America." The readings will be held
at Mrs. Jewett's residence, 931 Bush street, at
2'o'elock on the above days. Miss O'Conuell
will appear in appropriate costume.
J.ast Friday evening Miss Daisy Van Ness
gave a matinee tea at her home, 1312 Taylor
street. The guest oi honor was Miss Emily
Potter, who has been visiting in this City for
several months and who will shortly return to
her home in Philadelphia.
Miss Mai Stubbs gave a lunch party last
Tuesday at her home on Pacific avenue in
honor of Miss Josephine Blackmore. The
decorations for rooms and table were pink,
presenting a very dainty appearance. Miss
Stubb's guests were: Miss Blackmore, Miss
Mary Kip, Miss Eva Moody, Mis.* Mai Moody,
Miss Hannah Williams, Miss Juliette Williams,
Miss Emily Cardan, Miss Edith Mcßean, Miss
Ilcieu \\ ugner, Miss Sabin, Miss Anna Field,
Miss Helen Bos«, Miss Bernio Drown, Miss
Ella Morgan, Miss Florence Smith, Miss Ida
Gibbons, Miss Daisy Van Ness, Miss Mollie
Thomas, Miss Rose Hooper, Miss Jessie Hooper,
Miss Frances Curry, Mist* Clara Ilumington,
Miss Gertrude Formau, Miss Emma Butler,
Miss Mills. Miss Mabel Houston, Miss Helen
Woolworth, Miss Mary Belle Gwin, Miss Erina
Graves, Miss Eloise Davis, Miks Bessie. Smith,
Miss Alice Mastin and Miss Helen Stubbs.
Miss Hyde of New York was the recipient of
two complimentary teas last Saturday, one by
MissMcNuttat her home ou California street
and the other by Miss Genevieve Goad at her
home.
A reception was held by the Century Club at
their rooms on Sutter street on the afternoon of
New Year's day. It was largely attended both by
tht> members and their friends. A feature of
the affair was the exhibition of posters loaned
by Edward Bosqui and Wiliiiun Doxey. Dur
ing the afternoon a string orchestra rendered
selections and light refreshments were served.
The following ladies comprised the reception
committee: Mrs. Henry Gibbons, Mrs. Ramon
Wilson, Mrs. Joseph Marks, Miss Isadore Burns,
Mrs. E. C. Wright, Mrs. A. Gerberding, Mrs.
Barton, Miss Ella Adams, Miss Virginia Fitcb,
the Misses Beaver, Miss Agnes Lowry, Miss
Isabel Lowry, Miss Eleanor Biggs and Miss
Partridge.
Last Monday evening Mrs. William If. Gwin
chaperoned a large Theater party nt the Bald
win. The guests were : Miss Mary Belle Gwin,
Miss Mamie Thomiis, Mies Daisy '\ an Ness, Miss
Ethel Tompkins, Miss Julia Torapkins, Miss
Genevieve Goad, Miss Frances Curry, Philip
Tompkins, S. C. Pardee, Lsitham McMullin, F.
A. Greenwood, Frank B. Findley and E. M.
Greenway.
Charles N. Felton Jr. gave a theater party
recently at the California in honor of Miss
Laura McKinatry, who weut East on Thurs
day. The others of the party were Mr. and
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mis 3 Jennie Blair,
Miss Kate Clement, J. A. Hart, Frederick R.
Webster. After the. performance the party
drove to the Palace, where supper was served.
Miss McKinstry was also the guest at another
theater party, given by Miss Jeuuie Blair at the
Columbia on Monday evening. The following
were Miss Blair's guests: Mr. and Mr?. J.
Downey Harvey, Miss Jessie Colernan, Miss Kate
Clement, Miss Ann Clark, Colonel C. F.
Crocker, Jerome A. Hart, Frederick R. Webster,
James D. Phelan and C. N. Felton Jr. Supper
followed at the home of the hostess on Van
Xess avenue.
The Friday Fortnightly Club will give a
dance at Lunt's Hall, on Friday evening the
10th hist.
To-day James I). Phelan will fake a party of
friends in the Burlingame coach to the Lick
Observatory at Mount Hamilton, starting from
Pan Jost: at noon. The party will cooxlst o(
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Miss McNutt,
Miss Ella Goad, C. Osgood Hooker, Joseph D.
Grant and W. R. Heath.
Cm February 2 the wedding of Miss Kathryn
Jarboe, daughter of Mrs. John R. Jarboe oi this
City, to Jerome Case Bull, associate editor of
Munsey's Magazine of Sew York, will take
place. The ceremony will be performed in
this City. After the" wedding tney will go to
Santa Cruz and will remain there for about a
year at the Jarboe cottage, Concha del Mar.
Dundou Sues Again.
P. F. Dunaon has again appeared in Pacific
Bank litigation. This time he is suing for the
amount of the dividends paid by the bank
since 1887, the total being $519,896. " He
claims that during the years since 1881 the
bank has not been in a position to legal]}' and
properly pay dividends, and so he wants to |
recover the amounts so paid in order to reim
burse the depositors. He t>ues each individual
stockholder for his or her share of the divi
dends and also for interest on the 6ame at 7
per cent per annum.
GRABBED PRINCIPALITIES
How the Northern Pacific
Filched Mineral
Lands.
Mr. Merrill Will Assist Senator Ford
to Frame a Law Governing
Our Property.
Thomas G. Merrill of Helena, chairman
of the Montana State Commission to look
after the mineral lands within the North
ern Pacific grant end see that the railroad
did not grab them, is at the Palace.
He has come to confer with Senator
Ford and others of the California Miners'
Association in regard to the drafting of a
law here.
The Montana State Commission was j
formed, so Chairman Merrill said, to ex- i
amine and classify the lands, acting in !
conjunction with the United States Com- i
missioners appointed by Congress to act in
each of the three districts of Montana.
Each of these commissions consists of
three men.
Une of the districts has Helena for its
center, another Missoula and the other
Bozeman.
Within these three districts, said Chairman
Merrill, is the Northern Pacific grant, and
wilhin the odd sections there are about 11,
--000,000 acres of land which would be the rail
way's unless found to be mineral, always ex
cepting coal and iron, which of right, would go
to the road.
We started in in May last, and since then
have examined and classilied over 11,000,000
acres.
The State Commission was appointed to
assist the three United States Commissions ss
far as possible. We are saving large areas of
mineral land, and the combined commissions
are doing much good.
When I first called attention to the need of a
State Commission the Northern Pacitic Kail
road had already selected and had certified to
them for patents from United Slates officials
more than 2,000,000 acres of mineral land in
which there were thousands of mining prop
erties on which work had been prosecuted.
Muny of these were developed mines and
very valuable. Of course the Northern Pacific
will not get any portion of this i 2,000,000 acres
now, nor will it get a great deal more that it
had expected to get and would undoubtedly
have secured w r ere it not for the work we have
done to forestall the road.
I understand that in California now the
Miners' Association and others are interested
in the passage of a law such as that
giving our commission work in Montana. It is
for this purpose that I have come to confer
with Senator Ford and others here. Any aid
that I can give 1 shall gladly render.
Chairman Merrill will be here till Satur
day.
PASSING SPURIOUS CHECKS.
One of the Sailors of the Cruiser Phila-
de'phia Charged With. Forgery.
George A. Smith, alias R. W. Harding,
a sailor on the cruiser Philadelphia, has
been arrested by Officers Crockett and Gil
lan. He is accused of passing forged
checks made payable to him, either as
Harding or as Smith, and signed by Pay
master Lang of the Philadelphia. No
such personage exists, the officers state.
Some time ago the prisoner passed one of
these spurious checks on the Cafe Eoyal,
obtaining therefor the sum of $9. The
check was repudiated by the Bank of Los
Angeles, and when Smith called around
yesterday and again tried to cash a check
the officers were put on his track with the
result stated.
Magee Gets Commissions.
Judge Coffey has awarded to Thomas Magee
a 1% per cent commission on the sale of l'^O
Sutter street and the properties oi Kate John
eon's estate. S. D. Hovey, a real estate man,
claimed that he was the one who had sold the
property, but Magee proved his claim and was
awarded the commission. The property was
sold for $385,000.
THE DRUG CLERK'S STORY.
He Talka of Headaches and Nervousness
and Gives a Cure for i;<>tii.
From the Evening News, Newaric, N. J.
It was the drug clerk's turn to tell a story of
one of his experiences, and the reporter, ex
pecting something good, as u?ual, settled him
self comfortably in a chair prepared to give his
undivided attention to the speaker. The lat
ter was Henry Maier, wno resides with his
parents on Aqueduct street, Newark, JS. J.,
and who hands out medicine over the counter
of Dr. Andrew F. Burkhardt's drugstore at 271
Orange street, this city.
"Perhaps 1 can do nothing better," he began,
"than to tell you the secret of ray good health.
It is a story that I have told to many recently,
and as it resulted in good in each case, it may
be worth your while to listen to it. To begin
with, I ".as not always strong and robust as I am
now. Long hours of work and hard study had
left me in a wretched condition. Frightful, lin
gering headaches found me a ready victim, and
at times I was so nervous that the dropping of
a pin would cause me to give a violent start,
and then I •vould be seized with a fit of tremb
ling that was, to put it mildly, exceedingly
bothersome. Well, I fcegan to doctor myself.
Now I flatter myself that I know something of
medicine; but with all my knowledge I could
find nothing that would cure thope terrible
headaches or put an end to my extreme nerv
ousness. When I picked up a "bottle my hand
would shake as though I had the chills, and if
it was a powder that I was handling I stood a
good chance of sprinkling it all over these
black trousers. Things went from bad to worse.
and I soon realized that a man of ray physical
condition had better not attempt to mix any
medicine.
" 'Try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,' said
Dr. Burkhardt one diiy ; and as you know the
doctor's advice is always worth following I got
the Pink Pills and Degan to take them. Alad
din's lamp never performed the wonders of
these pills. Would you believe it? Before I
had taken the contents of one box my head
ache began to give me a day oft occasionally,
and soon it left me entirely. How about
my nervousness? Well. the pills put
an end to that with almost startling
abruptness. You see I know enough about
the business to appreciate the importance of
following the prescribing physicians' direc
tions, and by paying strict attention to those
given by Dr. Williams with each box of his
Pink Pills, I was soon another fellow. Look at
me now! A picture of health, eh? Well, that
is what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will do for a
man or a woman either- See, I can hold this
glass of water out now without spilling a drop,
but I couldn't do that two months ago and—
"What is it, ma'am?" he asked, as a neatly
dressed woman came up to the counter. "A
box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." "Yes, ma'am
50 cents, please. Thank you."
•'These Pink Pills are great things," snid Mr.
Maier, as he turned to the reporter again and
tne latter, after all he had heard, thought so
too.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, all the e.e
ments necessary to give new life and richness
to the blood and restore shattered nerves
They are for sale by all druggists, or may be
had by mail from Dr. Williams' Medicine Com
pany, Schenectady, X. V., for 50c per box, or
six boxes for $2 50.
She Cares for Cats.
A lady who lives near tlio Jardin de 3
Plantes, or old Parisian Zoo, is a provi
dence to the stray cats of her neighbor
hood. She feeds daily a hundred at the
dercy wine market, where they are al
lowed to live in the cellars. This lady be
lieves in the transmigration of souls, and
says she feels as if she were formerly in
carnate in a woman who hated animals.
Her extreme sensibility to their sufferings
is, she also feels, the punishment meted to
her. She has in an outhouse a number of
mutilated and sick cats that she rescued.
Another lady attends to the cats in the
Palais de Justice, the" central markets, tiia
Prefecture of Police and the Sorbonne.
There are thirty ca?s at the Palais de Jus
tice. They are in the habit, of being regu
larly fed. — Galignani's Messenger.
NEW TO-DAT. ■
i Tobacco users say. Ah ! maybe you say >
<! so yourself. There are millions like
]! ?ou, with what physicians ca!la "TO- '•
I BACCO NERVE"— thai is, \our nerv-
j> CL'S system is completely under tobac- ' '
t COS narcotic stimulant, and when you \
I 1 say, CAN'T QUIT," yoaiell the truth. >
I The natural way is io ircat the diseased >
\ 1 nervous system by using | >
[noI HIKES IT
IB IIS¥ |§)
ads directly en fha tobacco-irritated \
nervo centres, destroying the nerva-5
craving effects, buiids up and improves ' '
fheentiro nervous system. MakasWEAK >
ij MEN STRONG. Many report c gain of \
\ fen pounds in ten days. You run no J>
, | {/fcysical or financial risk— NG*TO»BAC < |
J. so!d jndsr your own S
SRUfiQiST'S SOfiRANTELi!
1 1 *c Every drup^lst is authorized to Bell ! '
I\o-To-Bac uader absolute guarantee \ >
tpcure every form of tobacco using. >
Our writton guarantee, free sample of '. '
iNo-To-Bac and booklet called, "Don't ■
Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life '
Away," mailed forthoasl.-'mr Address •
THE STERLING REMEd/cO Chi !'
cago, Mootrnal, Cau.. Nc York. 66 \
QASCARETSSS&aSffgStfag
jj In fame and
popularity of
its contributors
IflllgUtillllf
has no superiors.
Here is a partial list
j for the current year:
Robert Louis Stevenson
His last Romance, "St. Ives.'' j
Anthony Hope
His new Adventure Novel.
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps
Her Autobiography.
Joel Chandler Harris
Five capital War Stories.
Octave Thanet
Six stories of Western Life.
Short Stories by
Rudyard Kipling
R. L. Stevenson
Bret Harte
lan Maclaren
Anthony Hope
Robert Barr
lOcents a Copy. S. S. McClure, Ltd
$1.00 a Year. Lafayette PI. , N. Y.
■f 5
lv9Ol
. 5 more years to the 20th century.
5 more years for the HALF MIL-
LION CLUB. HelD 'em alone by en-
couraging HOME INDUSTRY; by
wearing, for instance,
STANDARD SHIRTS.
All dealers. Neustadter Bros., Mfrs., S. FJ
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE UItBAN" SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALF-
fornia street, will begin on MOXCaY, Jan. 6,
1 890. Mr. C. Brier v.UI begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early in the coming year. A denartment for
very youns boys will be added to the school.
■XATHAX \V. MOORK. Principal.
_ AUCTION SALES.
edwardTspear & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 83 Sutler Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 6181.
Furniture ami Carpets of the Grand
Southern Hotel at Auction.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
Jannary 6 and 7.
At 10 a. m. each day, we will sell, on the premises,
COR. MISSION AND BETEITB STS.,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
AND CARPETS
Of above Hotel, contained in 100 rooms.
The ; goods comprise Two Square Pianofortes,
Fine Solid Oak Chamber (Suits, Best Spring and
Curled H«ir Mattresses, Fine Feather Pillows and
Bolsters, Mission Blankets, Maatel Mirrors, Brus-
sels Carpets, Wardrobes, 200 Oak Chair 3, Firo-
' proof Safe, Fine Upholstered Parlor Furniture, etc
Note.— Be sura and attend the sale, as the goods
are very desirable.' ;
EDVVAKD S. &PEAB <fe CO., Auctioneers,
i 31 and 33 Sutter street.
11li?
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF Till; MARKET*.
Kew York Kxchange lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats and Corn linn.
llhv steady. Beans nominal.
Some changes in seeds.
Feedstuffs as before.
Choice Potatoes firm, Onions ditto.
Butter and Em steady;
Cheese a fraction off.
Turkeys selling better.
<-'anie omewhat firmer.
Cranberries and Grapes about gone.
Apples neglected.
oranges dull and weaker.
Dried Fruits less.
Provisions Inactive.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Beef and Mutton firm.
WKATHKK BUREAU KEI»OKT.
CxiTKn statks Dkpaktmknt of Aomcci/-
TI-rk, Wkathkr Bvrkaij, San Francisco, Jan-
Dary 3, 1E95, 5 P. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
ns compared with tlioseof the same date last year:
Eureka 16.30. last season 1-.M17: Red Bluff 6.6G,
las! season . L 92; Sau Francisco 4.10, last season
12.G7: Fresno 1.11, last season 5.48: San Lnls
Obispo 4.00. last season 12.59: Los Angeles 1.71,
lust season 38: San Diego 1.57. last season 2.31;
Yutua .M 2, last season 2.21.
ii.' following maximum temperatures are re
ported from California stations to-day: Eureka
•_•. itid Blufl 66, Kresnos6, San Francisco 64, Sun
J.i::s i>b!s|>o 66. independence 54, 1-os Angeles 78,
M»n Diego 66. Yuina 68. .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 43. mean 48.
The area of i]in ssure which was central last
niclu over Northern ntana lias moved eastward
and is now central over astern Dakota. An area
of low preHsnrc bus appeared off the north coast of
.Vashk and it Is now raining at Fcrt Canby
nnd Portland. The temperature has fallen ullgta ly
over lt.ih.Neva.la and Central California during
the pastttventy- four hours. 1: has risen In Xorth
ern California. Orezon and Washington. Unsettled
weather is hicelv. owlnit to the low area and the
p;;Bss«e eastward of the bieU, a cold wave pre
vails over tie entire plateau region to-day.
Forecast madeatSau FrauciSL-O for thirty hours
ending midnight January 4, 1890:
.\or:!iern Califoi uia — I'nsettM weather and
probably showers in the orthern portion Saturday
uf.ernoon: slightly warmer i:i the northern por
tlon: s >u:her;y winds.
(southern California -^ Fair: stationary temper
filure; variable winds.
Utah— Fair, followed by shower* in the extreme
liotthern portion; slightly warmer.
1 : 0 der.
Inlty— Unsettled weather
■ t temperature;
jtexly.
a. Mi \ '. 1 - cal Forecast Official.
MOW VOBK MARKETS.
financial.
M '■'■ VOIIK, N. V.. Jan. 3.— The stock specu
lation was quiet again to-day, only 1.000 shares
bein.; traded In roughout the session. In the
early rading weakness prevailed, owing to the
lower quotations from London, the ■-. agement of
$1,000.94)0 gold bars for shipment to Europe and
the deiay.ln announcing the t>ond issue. London
sod. according to arbitrage houses, fully 12,000
Shares of stork, principally St. P;tu! uud Louisville
aud Nashville. Foreisn houses wire seilers of
liigh-dks3 railway mortua^es, and the prices for
ihese issues wore shaded all around.
In the early decline Louisville and Nashville.
Western Vnion, Baltimore and Ohio, Sugar, Chi
cago <;r.s and Leather preferred were most promi
nent. Leather preferred fell to6iy« on repor.s
from Boston that the director* intended to post
]ione action on the dividend on the preferred
stock. The directors, it is lerstood arc to meet
on the 15t!i inst. to dis uss the mutter, lathe
atleruoon. the market was dull 1 Imoßi to Btagna
tion, the indisposition to trade pending some
announcement from Washmcton In the matter of
a bond issue tieing well-nlcb universal.
Tobacco relieved the monotony somewhat by a
sliarp rise oi live points to 84. The advance, in
this specialty was aue to reports tlmt the price of
plug would be advanced on January 15, Traders
immediately jumped t" ihe conclusion that the
war w. ih the outside manufactur re was in a fair
way ><! settlement. The announcement that round
amounts of sold had been ordered in London for
shipment to New York also hud a strengthen
effect in the last Lour the marKel ruled s eady to
Jinn, but lere was no increase in business to
sjit-ak of.
The market left oft' si ady to firm. Net change?
Show losses Of l,t to 1 per cent. Manhattan, Jer
sey Centra! and Western Union, however, gained
.'itoUjwr .-em. tobacco ruade an exceptional
puin oi"o l /i Jier cent. In to-day's transactioi To
bacco figured ior 29,800 shares, Leather preferred
for 700. Su" Paul for 14,900 and Sugar for 13.
--800.
Bonds were lower. Pales were $1,125,000.
Richmond and Allegheny second' consoi fours
fell 2to 83, Heading firsts preferred 2 1 /* to 20, do
seconds 1 to E no third.* 15' 8 to 5, do general fours
certificates Vi lo T& A and >an Antonio and Aran
bas Pass lours 1 to 5.
In Government bonds £3000 registered fours of
1907 so] ul 109 ;ij.
rain.
FLOCR— Quiet, steady, unchanged. Southern
Kloi:r— Quiet, unchanged.
KYK FLi )(•]:— Quiet, steady, *2 55@2 95;
buckw Hour, $1 30: Duckwheat, 38c.
(OKN.MEAL— DuII; steady. Yellow Western,
?2 25(d2 30: brandywine, $2 26.
nVK— Nominal.
BARLKY .\M> BARLEY MALT— Unchanged.
WHKAT— DuII: firmer. .No. 2 red, store and
elevator, 69>*»c; afloat. 71c: 1. o. b., 69»ifgi70y 2 c;
ungraded re.!, t>»rg»72c: No. 1 northern, tf/'&c.
Options were- very dull and closed linn at s/ 8 c
advance; following the West and on iight receipu.
May was most active. No. 2, red. i. nuary, 66S/ 8 c;
Marcli, tsßc; May, B6' -■■; July, 661/ic.
COKX— ill, tirm: -no. 2, 34% c elevator, Ss%c
aflcHt.
Options very dull and without feature, closirg
1 ijc lower and steady. January and May, 343. B e.
' oATS— Dull: linn. Options dull; nominal. Janu
ary, 23 1' ; February, -'.<>.,<■; March, 2 .<:■ :
Miiy, 23 Vs'"- s l' 01 - prices— No. 2, 23 Vic; No. 2
white, 24'oc: No. 2 Chicago, 24*4 c: fio. 8, 22i c;
No. S, whife, 23% c; mixed Western, 23V2^24y 3 c;
white fftate and 1 stern, 24@27c.
Provisions.
LARD — Brrner. Western steam, $5 70
asked; January. $5 6r>; refined, aniet. Continent,
fti 10: s. A., #6 64: compound, $4 62V»@5.
PORK— t-irmer: mess. 99 25@9 50.
B UTTER— Fancy, Urm; fair demand; un
changed.
CHEESE— Moderate demand ; unchanged.
EGGS— 1-is.h; reo Ipts; choice, firmer. State and
Pennsylvania, 24rg,20e: Southern, 21@34: icehouse,
16(a20c: do case. .f3 75(g>4 25: Western iresh,
2l(c-oc.
rALLOW—Qn Iet; steady. Clty,'3%c; country,
■
i rONSI ED OlL— Qniet; unchanged.
RlCE— Quiet; unchanged.
MOLA-SES— Quiet; unchangi L
111 111. Steady, 20 to 30 points down. Janu
ary, $13 :-:5(513 45: -Manh, $13 10<'a;13 30; May,
812 6t:(dil2 hO; July, $12 35: September, 81170
(gill 90: Spol Rio, dull; easier; No. 7. 14y»c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull flrm ; unchanged. Kefined
qniet; unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS: Apricots— Bags, 1014
@ ■-'<'.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 15c: unpeeled, 63/.&BC
I'RUNES— Four sizes. 5i,4(E 3 l '' 2 c.
Raisins— lxindon layers,Bsc@9l 25; do Loose
Muscatel, 3-crown, xiiz'.ii gc; >:<> 4-crown, 4@4 1 -- 2 c.
ALMONDB — Paper- shell, ll@12c; do ,' soft-
Bhell, 10(ttlO>/oC.
WALNI PS-Standard, oys@7c; go soft-shell,
ty 2 ftioc.
H.OPS — Dull, unchanged.
\\ < OL— Finn, unchanged,
M<-r< i«f>.
1 If; IRON"— Qniet. unch'aneed.
COPPER— DuIL Lake. * 10.
LEAD— Easy. Domestic, $3 07i.;,@3 10.
TIN — Firm. • Straits, 2905i1295; plates,
dull. ;.
SPELTER— Nominal. Domestic , ?H 60.
« HICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 11.1., Jan. The morning trade In
Vbeat 10-diiy was light, and -insignificant. There
was no disposition i>y loc.-J jjeoile to do business,
and certainly the atsMc aaewed thelrdisresard by
f urntshing bo orders of even icoderato imponance.
Astonews there was none, aside from thedaiiy
statistics. Early Urerpool cables were quiet and
1 L-»dy. Receipts in the Northwest itrere 319 cars
egainai 4:-iu last Friday and 252 a year ago.
Chicapo received 201 cars and Inspected out 24,
--;■((:-: busbeis. Kxnort clearances were large at
rtll.OOti bushels, Including wheat and flour, the
tone of the market which bad previously been
• ii'ite steady hardeni when the lijures wtre
josted. l'riccs then advanced, but the volume of
insiiiess was only slightly enlarged. I'aris anil
Antwerp cables were unchanged. i;er'in was
lower, [nformatlod came from Argentina that
turmers In that country were doi disposed to ofter
much wheat at present prices. May whea: opened
from 5S. r )BC to liSi/yc, advanced to 593' sC . dosinc n.t
.v.v, r bid, i /2 i<x'..,c higher th»u yesterday, tsii
mated receipM tor to-niorrow 77 cars.
UOEN-Wm continfd within such restricted
limits that the vuiia'. innof feeling did no: move
j.rlci's more than from bidder to seller, or vice versa
at the same quotations. The trade was lifeless'
and the inclination of operators wasaveraeta ac
tivity. Receipts w«re 413 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. Export clearances
amounted to 803,193 bushels. Liverpool c&hles
were steady. May corn opened at 27 % c sold at
2Hc, where It closed, a shade lilsher than yester
day. Kscimated receipts for to-morrow 256 cars.
OATS — Kemalnefl almost stationary. The
market was not distinguished foranytiiini: partfeu
lar.alew trades beiiii; made without Importance
belnis attached to them. Receipts were v',">o cars.
There were no withdrawals irom store. Sla onts
c:os-d i'B@Vic higher than yesterday. Kstimated
re<eijits for to-morrow 1 16 cars.
il.xx — Was easy. Cash, 91c: January, 8914 c;
May. 9SVfe@95ViC Receipts were S9 cars.
I'!;<<V 1.-]f).\s_m provisions the tone and feel-
Ins no*,ed additional coiilldeiice. The stocks in
(Vicuso wer» vi-ry light; and the hog mar;. was
fUnposedtO advance. The sentiment in favorof
1 !.<- bull, side ohowed further growth to-day. May
lork closed 17y 2 c higher. May lard and ribs each
- • -_.c higher. *--vJ- : i- ~: "■
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 56yaC; May, 59V*c; July,
6954 c.
COKX— January, 25Visc; May, 28c; July,
Bby»c -.-.V:
OATS— January, lBy e: May, li>yac.
I'liUK January, Sb »2%; May, H6.
LA HI)- January, $5 37Vj: Sl»y.*s 87%.
Rlß*— January, $4 35: May. $4 70.
BUTTER— Was in liberal supply with but an In
dlfferent Inqairy. The weather was unfavorable
to trade, .Ladles — Rolls 10@llc; other prices un
changed. *
EGGS— Offerings were fair and the demand good.
I'ric s held su-ady ai 1915121 c for fresh stock, and
13i.' @,i*>c for icehouse. "
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6(<£i per
ci-ut on time loans. New York exchange sold at
75c premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYAHDB, lv., Jan. With
light receipts and a good demand the prices for cat
tle advanced 10;- to-day. The offerings of hogs i
were extremely small and everything was quickly
taken with a further advance of 10c t* 100 Do.
Sheep and lambs were in light supply. Thede
roand was good and prices firm.
1 \ m.l- Receipts. 5000. common to extra
steerj. JJS3 20 <: 7. r stoekers and reeders, ,*2 70
(an 7 "> : cows anl bulls, «i 50<j$3 bO: calves, $9
(S'S 53: TVxans. $3@3 75.
-Keceipis, 21. "00. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. sfiM 55@3 7'>; common 10 choice
mixed, $3 >0(«:> 77 1 '<>: choice Assorted, $3 e.Vg;
3 7.".: light, $3 56@8 7*5; pies, $2 70<<i 60.
SIIKKP — Etecelpts, 9000. Inferior to choice,
$2@3 60; lambs, $3 25 @4 70.
Bl)>'S REVIEW OF TKAI>K.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 3.— R. G. Dun it Co.
\vl!l say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
The commercial failures during the complete year
1896 number 13,197 against 13,885 in 1894, but
the aggregate o:" liabilities is slightly greater,
$173,195,000 against $173,992,000. The bright
promise offered by a large decrease in tlio lirst
quarter was followed by a small increase in the
second and third quarters, and a large increase in
the last quarter of the year. In that quarter also
the ileicrred liability to each liini In business in
creaseJ, and also the proportion 01 deferred liabili
ties 10 payments through clearins-houses. The ef
fects of unreasonable speculation in materials
crea'.ing an advance In prices oi poods, heavy pur
chases ahead of distribution, snd enoimous in
crease In production clearly a] p ■: -r In the returns.
Produce markets have been i.ne theater of sur- .
prising changes blch have Influenced all business.-
Tbe acreage in cotton was wisely restricted in or
der to give producers a belter chance for fair re
turns, aud the cro;> was further reduced ti some
extent by injury, but growers were injured still
more by frantic speculation which checked exports, 1
and iv false information and advice. Wheat pro
ducers suffered in like manner from wild specula
tion, which prevented the exporting of many mil
lion bushels, and false reports wbtch encouraged
farmers to keep back their grain until the cereal
had been taken off the market by speculators.
fhe Inevitable consequence has been :t very low
im:i.-.' 01 prices, the j ield bi ing clearly In e\,-. of
all demands. The great crop <>: corn has materi
ally affected the prices of incuts. The couise of
Industries during 1895 has been materially aiYected
by s eculation In materials. Midsummer u-.r
--nessed a tremendous advance, with a rush to buy
far exceeding the ordinary demand forconsump
f.on. Prices rose beyond all reason, exciting still
more the anxiety to buy beyond actual needs.
Thousands of producers strangely mts.ook the
extraordinary buyinx for a Vasi increase in con
suming ability, and exiended plants, opened mills,
Increased force and rushed production in many
lines far beyond aciuc.l consumption. Inevitably
bot traders and manufacturers were left toward
the close with considerable stock unsold and claims
against customers who were themselves tied up
by purchases beyond their distributing power.
lience the general shrinkage in prices for the past
three months, and though In scarcely any depart
ment did prii rise higher than in former years
they were found out of relation to existing de
mand.
Uailroad earnings show a decided improvement
over 1. si yeur, n.<i per cent for the j ar and ti.9 per
cent ior December, though -t.ti per cent smaller
than In 18958.
The rapid outflow of gold with high rates of in
terest c»;is>-d anxiety, which was checked by a
decision to issue clearing-house certificates at New
York, Boston and Philadelphia, and by prompt at
tention to financial questions In Congress: but at
the cose anoi her Issue of bonds is expected. ■ Iffors
already exceed the amount of the is-ui" proi osed.
The recent decrease in imports of merchandise
and some increase In exports warranl boj that
trade balances maybe moie favorable hereafter,
but much depends iipou the course of securities
which foreign holders are selling to some extent
in order to share in the expected profits on
tionds. Karely has ther? been n situation -• com
plicated and the near luture is diflicult to forecast,
but it is the widely prevalent impression that a
large sale of bonds will speeillly revive coulidence
and activity. "■'-'-'_■
BANK ( i.i:.u;i.ng.s.
NFW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.— Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
January 2, with comparisons, an telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Citiics. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $57<t,C12.7 12.4
Boston '. 79.929,701 ■. 11.8
Chicago 81,028,391 4.3
Philadelphia 7(5,136,782 7.4
St. I.ouis '.!1,444.0'.'» 10.8
Pittsburs 14,37-,503 1b.2
1 i;ic -inita.il 11.118.(00 8.7
iialiimore 15,0^H.28tf 37.6
San Francisco 16,194,836 21.0
Kansas City x.865,0.0 1.0
New Orleans il,l.'>U,itb7 4.7
Louisville b,266,3.H5 4.1
De troii 6,535,::50 2.1
Minneapolis 8.6.6,756 12.1
Cleveland 5,710,632 u.S
Providence 6,24'2,30i> 13,3
Milwaukee 4,401.250 6.2
indiahauolls :-t.9-'U.S44 10.4
Buffalo •.... 8.»87.924
St. Paul 4,334,587 6.1
Omaha 8.500.U00
Denver 3,243,079 40.7
Los Angeles 979,375 3U.5
Portland. Or 1,067,863
Tacoma 497.483 32.5
Seattle 397,976
hpokane 347,642 20.0
- . .
Totals U. S., $1,020,042,049 7.4
Outs:de of New YorK
City 440.429,663 1.5
DOMINION OP CANADA. 7 -' " '
Montreal $9,762,52* 10.4 "
Toronto 6,872,485 26.4
Halif.ix J. 029.163 5.5
Winnipeg , 1,260,530 1.6
Hamilton 671,097 15.1
Totals $19,585, 14.4
>'KAY VOKK STOCKS.
r.oiul-, Exchange, Money and liailroail
Shares.
Money on cnll easier at, 4@8%: last loan at S%
and dosing offered at 5%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 7w 9 ... -Bar silver, t'6%c. Mexican dol
lars. .'j2 %c. Sterling exchange is steady, wiih
actual l.u-jiness in imiiKers' bills at $4 *>7:>4@4 88
tor sixty days and $4 89Vi©4 M 9y 2 for demand.
Posted ratei, $4 88y2@4 90. Commercial bills.
$4 : '4(g.4 87 V 2. Government bonds have been
weak; state bonds steady: ramoad bonds have
been easier. Silver at the board was dull.
* ■'.',; V CXOBZ2M stock*.
Am Tel* Cable.... 90 i Norfolk & Wesv... 134
Aichlson 14% Preferred 7i..,
J'reierred .North American... 4".^
AOams Express... Northern l'aclflc. 3i/ 2
Alton.Terrellaute. f>9 i Preferred 12
American Ex press. 112 Nonnwestern b '^ l A
American Tobacco. 84. i PrelerreU 145
Preferred 100 N. Y. Central *)oi/_
Bay State Ga5. . .... J'-» K . Y. Chicago 11
! more Ohio.. 37.i . st preferred tJO
Brunswick Lanas.. 3B I Sed urelerred 22
Buffalo, Koch <fc P. 19 LN. V.& N. H... . .l,it
Canada Pacinc... 50 : /v >'. Y.&New Ens. 46
Canada Southern.. 4S N. V . misq & W... 8:i.
(.onion uind 60 7 s Preferred 24
Central Pacl lie Ontario. 7
Ches. Ohio 15 Icintario it Western. 131,;,
Chicago Alton laS lOregon J;niirovmu 4
Preterrea 1 70 i I'referred
Chicago, a. & Q 7oi/2 Oregon -•.'avU-utloa. 16
Chicago it E. 111... 43 (Oregon short Line. 4
Preferred 95 JPacihc Mail 2ti
Chlcagouas. ....... •>.". hi 1 lonu. I). Evans. 2JW
Cleve& Pittsburg.l6l l'ittsbur« A. W pfd. .0
Consolidation Coal. l 7 l'ullnian Palace..
Consolidated Gas.. 147 [Quicksilver 2
C. C. C. & St. Louis. Ht> I Preferred IKii
Preferrea 85 iftpoains 4
Colo. Fuel <!t Iron.. 25V 2 KioGraude«fcWestn 17 "
Preferred.. «8 , Prelerred 40
Cotton Oil Cert 1 , Rock Islana IMI /2
Comnjercial Cable. 155 iltomeWat ito^denl 17 '
Del. Hudson 123%!6t. L. & 8. W 5
Uel.Lack<tWe3ternl : '4 Preferred 10i/
LieuverttH. G 12 Paul H834
Preferred 4i"i Preferred 135 i%
Distillers 185/« Bt. Paul Duluth. 25 "
General Electric... 26V2 Preferred HS
Erie 14 tst. Paul Omaha.. :;43,i
Preferred 23Vb! l'referrea 118
Fort Wayne lr.O i*=t. I. Jl.it m iio
Gr&t^iorthempfa.llO silver C'ernncat.... 67
Green Bay y 2 >(Jll than Pacific. 1014
Harlem 2SO t^outnern B. Jtt 834
Hocking Coal 2 ; Pieferrtr. 27i/t
Uocking Valley... lo feugar Kefiner7....10284
Homestake 28 ' I'refcrred „ 97
H. & Texas Cent-. lVb Tarn. Coal <St Iron. 27
Illinois Central.... 02 , J'referred ....100
Central 7»4 Texas l'acltic h
Preferred......... 26 Tol.A.A.it N.Micn.
Kansas <£ Texas..- 1 1>3- 01. & Ohio Cen.... 3!)
Preferred -•"> 1 Preferred b6
Kingston & I'em... 3 ilol.St.Louls& K.O, 5
l.«ki-hr:c.tw*n 19 ! Preferred 14
Preferred l>7 iUulon Pacific 4
Line siiure 141 V2 . P.. IJen. & Uult. 33/ 8
National Lead 25 IU.S. Cordage 0'
l'referrea 85y 2 ! Preferred 10
Long Islana.. . • BrP'-» Guaranteed....... 19
Louisville & Nash. 4SVS;U." JS. Kxuress 40
Louisville .Na&Ch. 81/4 V. s. Leailier 97b
- Preferred I«V2 1 Preferred 6_'ii
alanhauan Consol. H>yi, 8 L". S. Rubber 27V*
MempuisiCharls. 15' , Preferred 85
Mexican Central... 9 l.'ticn.tK. Kiver.,lso
Michigan Central.. 9514 Wab. (5. L. & Pac. 05/
Mlmidts. j *| Preferred iei/4
Preferred Wells-Fanro 95
Minn, it St. L com. 17 IWcstern Union s,'
•Istpreferred 77 \V is Centra SK-,
•2a preferred 45% Wheeling ct U fi.. 10%
Missouri P clßc S ,?' Prc-ierred 35V,
Mobile* Ohio '-H. 2 'Ani Cotton Uil uIJ. t*43/.
ISushvllie Chatt.... G5 \V U Bcei ... S
>'utloual Lluseed.. 19 V 2 L I Mraciioii'..".'..." I7y
Iv.J. Central 100y Ann Arbor 10
t CI.OSISU EOXDs
US4s,re<r .109 IMKT'ids.. 67V*
Do, 4s coupon... lU9 ' l>o,4s' Hi
.US 4s new reg 1141/4 Mut uai Union' 6s. I '.115
I)o, 48 coupon. ..114y 2 N J Cent c,en 5s 111
■.■£*>• i* ; 90 j.Northern lac Is(,slll5
£°- * 9 •••• ..J12% Do, Ids... 301
Do. 63 couDon....ll'Jv j Do, Bes 85
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4,-1896.
Cherokee 4s. 189t(. JUO INonnwesl Consols.l 39
1)0.1897 100 ! Do.debCs 1"7
Do. l»-;98 100 I0R&X Ists 102
1)0.]899 1.0 SiLJfclronMtGenSs 79
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... jsi I, <£ s F Gen 6s. 100
D. C. 3-flßs 110 St Paul Consols ...127
Ala Class A 4 10H bt. P. C. <fc Pa lsts. 113
Do. Class 84, ss. 10-? I Do. Pac Cal ists.,lo7
LaConsol4s 97 Houtbcrn R. R. &s.' 91V&
Mlßsoiirl funding.. . Te.xas Pacific Hr.H* 82V2
X Carolina con 65.. I'JU Texas Pac seconds. 193 a
Do, 48 10!) I'ulonPac lstof»tt.lo4'/4
Fo Carolina 4V-S--106 West Shore 4s 104
Tennnewx* 89 Mobile & Ohio 45.. Hi
Va funding debt... 60Vi r. GranaeWest lsts 73 Vi
Do, reg ches O 10t$
Do, deferred 68... 6 Atchlson 4s 72Mj
Do, trust rents st 61/2' Do. 3dsA ■--' 1
Canada South 'Jds.. Oll&HA Cs 304
Cen Pac lßtsof'9s. 99 1 Do. 2d 7s . .. ll'il
lien it 11 U Ist 110 II Tex Cent6s..lO6
Do. 4s 8414 L>o.con6s 104
Erie2ds 66 Reading 4s 7S*4
Kunsas Pa Consols 70Vi Missouri ba 100
Ks i'a lats D*-n divllO I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
Wlli'. AT IN I.lVEHl'inll,.
LIVERPOOL, Hno., Jan. 3.-ihe spot market
is lirni at 5s 41 .^.lia.'is .'i ,il. Cargoes are steady at
26a H'l September shipment.
KITIRSS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives tho following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red "Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 3Vid; February. 5s 4d; ilarch, 5s 4 id;
April, 5s sd; May. 5s b\i<l.
LONDON, Kso., Jan. B.— Consols. 10iy 8 : ■li
ver, :<!)'■ jd; rre:i'!i Rentes, loif 22> ._.! .
i:x« HANGS AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 h9'/ 2
sterling Cables 91 91Va
New York Kxchange, sight — I'ar
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — I'ar
Fine Silver, j< ounce — 063,1
Mexican Dollan 63V2 64
COINAGE OF TIIK MINT.
In 1895 th» local Miut coined $25,427,213,
against $25,447,053 in 1894. Last year's coinage
consisted of $22,870,10?} In Double Eagles, $4S>(>,
--000 in Bagles, .?560,000 ..1 Half Kae'.es. $400,000
in Standard Dollars, $554,043 In Half Dollars.
$441,170 In Quarter Dollan ami $112,000 in
Dimes. While the diiVerence between tlie two years
is only $20,000, there was an Increase of $419,500
in the cow coinage and a decrease of .$439,310 |n
the silver coinage, since the establishment or the
M at at Ban Francisco in April, 1854, rhe coinage
has been as follows: Go:d roinaee, 9870.366,857:
silver coinage, 37,786,093: total, $1,00b,143,550.
PEOLUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Christine takes for Sydney 07.-
Hs'_> cils, valued at 975,000; Cedrlc the Saxon, for.
London. 25,145 ctls at $'-'5,460.
The market is quiet and prices show no particu
lar change, Choice milling grades are stiff. No. 1,
$I@l 02i/» "r> ell; choice, $1 0334@l 05; lower
grades, 80®97 i«; extra choice for milling, $1 07y 2
@1 12' ■..
<'A ii. BOABD '-A ' 88.
Ixformai. Bkssion —10 o'clock — May — 500
tons, $1 07; «00..51 0?i/8-
Rkgoxab Mornino session— May— loo tons,
?1 07 Vs; 700. $1 0714.
Aktkkxoox Srssi >n— Mav— 400 tons, $1 1171,
HAI'.LEV- shipment of 27,627 ctls Brewing,
valued at $22,102, to London.
; be market la quiet and steady. Feed quotable at
67Va@70c 9 o:l: choice. 711.4 c; brewing, 7~y a (<£
8-Ji . a c: Chevalier, $1 10@l HO lor No. 1 and 75c(g,
?1 b< ctl :or off crade.
CALI, BOARD .SALES.
[NFOBMAJ ssiok — o'clock— May— loo tons,
70y 3 c: -""■ 70. s c.
liKiiii.AK .Mor.NiN-o Session— May— SOO tons,
706/ 8 c; 400, 70% c: 600, 70y c.
\ii kno.vs >F.rss,(iN— May— loo tons, 70Vic.
OATS— Firm and unchanged. Mil ing are quot
able at 70@75c V ctl: fancy Feed, 80<ct85c: good
tochoice, 1 .>(a.Boc; common to fair, 07 1 /2@Bsc;
Gray, 65@75c; lied, ror see.l, B&@9sc; Ula.cc, for
seed. $1 nha.l 30: Surprise, 90@97^c.
COHN— Small Hound Yellow is quoted liiKlicr
and linn. Large yellow, 82y.@85c; Small Hound
do, 87y c; White, 80W85c r T '•
— Quoted at 76mSUc j» ctl.
IJLCKWIIEAT-Quoted at 85c@?l j* ctl, ac
cording to quullcy.
FLOUR AM) MILL.STUFFS.
FLOUR— Firm at the advance. Not cash pricos
nrc: Family extras, ?3 55@3 65: Bakers' extras,
$3 4:i.(i.( r >: superfine, .-?'.: 40(5;2 00 fl bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, ?18 50@19 fi
ton: Cracked Corn, $19@20 51 ton. •
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-11. sacks are as fol
lov>B, usual discount totne trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour, 3 Vic; Rice Flour. 7yac; Corn
meal, 2%@3c: extra cream do, 3' 2 ( ' : atmeal,
3%c; Oai Liroats. 4y c: Hominy, 4i*-IVj 1 '; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; cracked Wheat, 3%c: Farina,
4y 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Roiled 4Vsc;
Penrl Barley, 4i/i@4V'2c; Split Pea«,4 8 /ic; (ireen
do, 5i 4 c V Ib. " "
HAY AND FEKDSTIJKFS.
BRAN— 50 9 ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
?2O 50 r 4 ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS-^Holled Bnrley, $15 50@16 60 1?,
ton; Oil< ake Meal at the mill, $21 '& ton; jobbing,
$22 50: ( ottonseed Oilcake, *21.
UAY—Wsis steady yesterday at the .inotatlons.
Wheat is quotable at $B@l2 50 l=Mon; Oat, 7@
9 50; Wheat and Oat, #7 oO^ll 50: Barley, if7(s»
9 50: Alfalfa, *6@7 60; Clover. i)(7(£9; Com
pressed, $7 50@ll; Slock, $s(a,t> 50 "j' ton.
BTKAW- 35<#«0c \\ bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDi.
BKANS— Nothing doing. Values continue nomr
| nal. Bayos, flfajl 15 %> ctl:Mmall Whites, fl 25®
1 40; Pea, .$1 50,'a)l 60; Large Whites, $1 15@13O;
Pink, 90c@fl 10: Beds, $1 35(3.1 50; Blackeye,
$175@155; Red Kidney, $1 65@1 76; Limas,
I if' 2 -10(0.2 60; Butters, .$1 bo@l 7f> V ctl.
SEEDS— Mustards are firmer. Hemp Is scarce.
Brown Mus:ard q«itab!e at *1 95(0j2 05 7' ctl:
Trieste, $2(0>2 u0; Yellow Mustard, .fi 40(g*l 60;
Flax, ifl 80 r 4 ctl; Canary, 3i/i@33/ 2 c 'f, tbj ai
falfa 6Vi(a,6y 2 e t* It>; Bape, l-- 4 ,v7-Jc' r -. It, ; 11.-n,]',
4c V It,. , .
hr.lKI) I'i:.\S-Qnole<l at fl 25@1 50 $» ctl for
Niles, -fl 20(Jsil 30 lor JKlaCKoye anil $1 25fxl 7,
for Green.
POTATOES, UNIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOKS— Choice continue firm. Volunteer
Now Potatoes. 2c; Sweets, $1 60(a-' for Rivers and
42 25 for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60@85c tp ctl;
ttiver Bnrbanks, 2o(g<Hs f. sack; Oregon Burbanks.
4U<s6oc %}ctl; Oregon Garnet Chiles. 60c; Rive r
Keds, 60c fl ctl.
O.MOSS- Firm nt 70@85c; Cut Onions, 40(<j;60c
%* ctl: iregons. 80c<§
VEGETABLES— Uned Pepper?, 7@loc 9 lb;
Tomatoes, 25@tiOc f* box; i.os ngeli g i omatoes,
76c@$l; Uretjn i'eas. B(ajSc; Btrlllg Beans. ;
Dried ukra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage, 50c t* ctl; (iarlic, 4
<&4y 2 c "r". D>; marrowfat squash, $lt>(g,2O 9 ton;
liubbard Squash, nomioul.
. POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is but slenderly sup
j plied at the moment und prices are liriu in conse
| quence. Turkeys are higher.
; Live Turkeys, 10@li!c for Gobblers and ll@l2c
fl lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13@15c; Geeso,
i pair, $1 &o@2; Ducks, ¥4 fiO©6; Jlens, $4 sO@
5 60; hoosters, young. $4 Mlfo.j 50: do, old, $4(g!
4 50: Fryers, $4 50: Broilers, $'l(g»4 50 for large
ami $3 50 for small; Pigeons, *1 50(&2 %< dozen
for young and $I@] 25fcro!d.
i;.\.mk— are higher. The market is over
crowded with Hare, anu left-over stocS was offered
at $1 %* sack. Quatl, $1(ail 25; Mallard, Sji;j(s3 50;
Canvasbacic, *S@7: bnng, $1 50(g<2; Teal, 25:
Widgeon, |1.; Small Duck, 76(gifOc; Hare. 75c;
Rabbits, $1 -5 for Cottontails and 75c(0.!fl ior
small: Gray Geese, $2(&2 50; White Geese, $1;
Jirant, $1 25@.l 50; Jio:ikers, $:'.(aß 00; Knglish
Snipe, $2(3.2 25; Jack Suipe, $1(2,1 25.
BUTTKR, (HKKSi; AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Firm with moderate slocks.
Ckeamkuy— Fancy, 25@20c, with occasloniil
sales higher; seconds, 22y 2 (<ii24c '& lb.
Dairy— Fancy, ■- > . i i./a'.';;i-; good to choice, 21Co>
22c : lower grades, 18@20c.
CKKAMERY TCB- lV^2lcf) lb.
i ill.i.r-l. Dhe market is slightly higher agnln
and very flrm. Fancy mil. l new, ll(g>liy 2 c '0
lb; special marks higher still; common to good,
loc f) It.; Cream C.'iedder, Il@l2c f* ib; Voun,'
America, 12c; Western, ll(g,iai-; Eastern, 12
(3»13c V- lb.
EaOS— Dealers report a. steady and unchanged
market. Oregon Uggs, 22c; fancy Kastern, V4(gj
25c; cood to choice Eastern, *2y 2 @23c; seconds,
21(g)22c; store Kggs, 23(£25c; ranch Eggs, 26(g>
32y 2 c f! doz, according to size and color.
DKCIDUOUS AND UITKUS FIIUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples continue dull and
weak. Persimmons are Quotable at 40@7Ec pi
box; Apples, 75c@$l for good to choice, &o(£6sc
for common to fair and $1 25 for fancy; Lady Ap
ples, sOo7t>c in small and $1(511 75 in large boxes.
RF.KKI Cranberries are practii ally out of the
marxec.
GRAPES— Are about cone.
CITRUS ri'b— Oran«es continue to shade
off. They are In liberal supply and dull. Cali
fornia Orang.-8, $i 25©2 i=» box for Seedlings und
$1 ?5@2 5U for Navels: Japanese Slandiirins, 90c@
$1 JO I* box Lemons, l(gil 50 for common and $2
<13»3 for i.ooii to choice: Mexican Limes. *5; Califor
nia Limrs, 76@90c; Kai.an<is, if1(0.2 %i bunch-
Pineapples, If2(gj6 r* dozen. . "
1>11IK;j I KUITS, KA.s.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIBD Fl-.riTK— No business whatever. The
following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
C'art.oad Lots— Apples, 2Vfe(33c fl tb for quar
tered, 3(as3y c f* Ib lor sliced and 4i,4@5c $ lb
for evaporated; Teaches, 4@sc 9^ lb and 5y 2 @
6c 't', lb lor fancy; peeled in boxes. l'J@l3c %*
lb:' Prunes, 4c lor llu- four sizes, 6@6y 2 1? lb
tor 40@50's and 5c -j> Ib for r>o@6'J's; Apricots, 7y 2
(a,ilc for prime to choice and 10(g;llc •$ Ib for fancy
Moorpark : Fig*, black, K<ai3y 2 c r» Ib for pressed
and •_'@Uy 2 c for vn pressed; wiiiie Figs. 3Mj(oS4c
f It. for pressed in sacks and s@6c in boxes; i'ear.s
7c # ib tor evaporated halves. 4©6i^c %* Ib for
quarters; Plums, $@4y 2 c ?« Ib for pftted and ly 2
ay 3 c forunpitted; -Nectarines, s@bc »lb for Driiiie
10 cnoice and 6i/£jc for fancy. . y
JOBBnra PnicKß-Appl?s, 4@4i/ 2 c; Peaches, 3®
*c and 5c for luuty; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y a c;
I'runes, 4c for the four sizrs. 6@6%cfor 10(g;50's
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots, B@9Vsc for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy 2loorpark; Figs,
black. 13 / 4@2x / i, c: White Figs. B@sc: Pears. B^C
for evaporiited" halves and 3@5'V2C for quarters;
Plums. 3Vic tor pitted and l^l^c lor uapitted;
Nectarines, Kg 5c t' 1b for prime to choice.
KAlslNs aND I)i!lKi> GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot-, F. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c box; four-crown, loose,
3 .ic %>. lb; three-crown, loose, 2i^c; two-crown,
2(hi2i/ic: seedless Sultanas, 33.4@4c: seealess Mus
catels, '(£'.!:<c ; clusters, 35@1 50; Dehesa
••lusters, $-^ ] (1(0,2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60
@2 75 ; Dried Grapes, 2 V2C r' lb.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown. 2Vi©2i/ c; 2-crown, 13-i@2c; Seedless Sul
tanns, 3&4^4c:Bpediess Muscatels, 2y 2 c; S-crown
London layers. 86c@91; clusters, $1 40(o.l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $_' 75:
Dried Grapes, 2V..c.
NUT6— Chestnuts. 8@10c*lb; Walnuts. 7&Bc
f» Iti for No. 1 hard and b&dy^ for softshell, job
blnsrlots; Almonds, 6(g;7y2C !or i anguedoc and
Hi @loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, Syjj®
4c t* rb for California: Hickory nuts, s@oc;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
9c; Brazil Nuts, 71-L>(d,Hc '? tb; Cocoanuts,
*4 50@6 f* 100.
HONEY -I'oinb is quotable at 10@12c V lb for
bright and H;a:u- V' 5b for lower grades; watftr
white extracted, s@si/2C ? H>; light amber ex
tracted, ;1 4 4:- ; uark ajnber, 4c; dark, 2(a>3c.
EEKSWAX- >'s(ai2«c "i 1 lb.
ISIONS.
CURED KBATS— The market is dull at the old
prices. Bacon is quotable at t>i/i(g;UVfec for heavy,
71/2 C for light medium, 9y 2 c for light, 10U.C for
extra light and 12(| 12\^c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, lli/ 2 @l2c; California Hums,
10c; Mess l'.ei 1. $7 $ bbl; extra mess do, $8: fani-
I!ydo, 50: extra prime Pork, 98ft bbl; ex
tra clear. $14 » bLI; mess. $13 ft bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9V 2 @10c1» n..
LA liD— Eastern tierces, quotable at (VS:6 I II
ft) for compound and 8c for pure; pails, BV2C; Cali
lornla tierces, 6c for compound and tiy2C for pure;
half-bbls, Q%c\ 10- ',l. tins, 7 i/ c; do &k>, 7%c fl lb.
COTTui.Ii.NK— 7c in tierces and 7%c "c* lb in 10
--lb tins.
IIIIJES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES ANJ) BKINB-.NO change to report.
Heavy salted steers are quotable at 7c %» lb;
cuils and brands, 6c; medium, 6c; culls and brands,
sc; light, 5c f lb; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides,
5<a.5y 2 c 1!>; culls and brands, 4@4 1 / 'Sjc; salted
Kip, 5c t< B>; salted Calf, Hc'f. It.: Baited Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc >' Ib; culls and brands. 7®
7y 2 e; dry Kip and Veal, 9c; culls, 6y c: dry Calt,
Lsc; cnlls, 10e; Goatskins, 20@35c each : Kids, sc;
I'eerskins, good summer, 26^30c: medium. 15®
25c: winter, 10@15c; Bkeepskina, shearlings, 1O(£>
20c each; short wool, 30(a)10o each; medium, 40
@60ceach; long n-001, t>oi&7oc each. Culls of all
kinds, about y.>c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3r-;iCa;4c; No. 2, 3®
Si icj refined, 5%Cj Grease, 2y o r' Ib.
\- '1, — Weqtiote 1 nil as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7@J9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 3(g>
6c: free Mountain. tita7c; defective do, -I(<j,6c 3 lb.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4(<z,6c "f* lb.
GKNUKAL M.ERCHANDIBE.
Calcutta drain Bags, June-July delivery,
•?; 10(.[ 15; Wool Bags, 24@2€d
COAL— Wellington is ciuocnble at fS "|A ton;
x. w Wellington, ifß >• ton; Southfield Wellington,
?7 50: Beattle, f>s@s 60: Bryan, $5 50; Cooa Hay,
■S."»: Wallsend, $r>so: Scotch, $7 r>o; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $14 in bulk and Sls in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, *l'-2; Welsh An
thracite Egg, f 10: CaniK-l. 97 50®8; Kock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60: Coke. $13
in bulk and $15 V ton in sacks.
KICE- Cliinese mixed, 93 2. >@3 89: No. 1, 65 '
@3 75 %ic.;; extra No. 1, $8 9v/to4 10; Hawaiian, j
*3 S7y : Japan, 53 sj(gi'6 (30: llaugoon, $3 10 j4 I
ctl.
SUGAR— The w.'st^rn su^ir Refinery Company
has advanced its prices and now ,]ii'>'"s terms, net
cash : i'u lie. ( Irusbea, l'i>'.\i!irrd and Fine Crushed,
all 5. r ',H«-; 1 1 ry Granulated, f><-; Oonfe<Jtioners' A,
4%c; Magnolia A, 4Vbc ; Extra C, 4c; Golden C,
— c; half-barrelß, l i<- more than barrels, and boxos
1 ■.(■ more.
BYHUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Ulack Strap, 10c
'^ gal.
SAN FRANCISCO 31KAT MARKET.
Bt-ef and Mutton ars firm. Ilojrs aro dull. No
change In VeaL Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s®6Vzc; choice, 6c: sec- |
ond quality, 4%c; third do. b@4c r 1 It..
vi-.ai —Large. 4«?.">.-: small". 6®7c r' lb.
BlUTTOX— Wethers. 5(&5y 2 e; Kwes, 5c '$ lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12i/ 2 c; Yearlings, 6@6y.c !
f> tb. I
I'ORK— Live Hops. 3Vic "f lb for large and 33/ c i
for small; dressed do, 4y ((i.5 1 /jc "r lb.
BEC£IPTS OF IMi;i;i»K PRODUCE. |
FOB "J4 n<H-RR.
Flonr.qr. slt» 11, 29*2 Wine, ztkln. 70 000 !
Wheat, ctls ISO,'-MS) lirandy, sals 13,34 1 ,
Barley, cila 4'JU l'.iiit.i . ells 46 j
Corn, ctls 20 Cheese, cda 47 |
Potatoes. bws 76'2JEgg8. doz 1,6011
Onions, sks 612. Lumber, M ieei... 10 '
Hr»n, i.ks Quicksilver, llaslci 447
Miililiinits.sk*..... f>9 7 [Leather, rollß 40 I
Beans, sks. 750 Hops, bis. 73 |
H«v. tons. 362| W001, bis 5 \
Hides, no 591 Tallow, ctls 76,
Pelts, Ddls..- 4io!
-♦- I
FAMILY KKIAU, MAKKKT.
Bultor is dearer. E?gs show no particular chnnsje.
Meats sell at last week's prices. They never
change much. Home kinds of Fish continue dear.
Poultry shows no change, flame is rather dearer.
Fruits and Vegetables are in limited assortment,
as usual during the winter.
Following is The Caul's regular weekly retail
price list :
**>/ T. — I'KR TON". '■; ■.
Cannel — @ S) 50 PleasantVai 9 50®10 00
Welllntrton. — fojio OOlSouthfield
New Wei- I Wellington —fc9 50
lington . — @10 00 Scotch - a. 950
Seattle 7 00@ 7 50 Coos F.uy... 7 00g» —
Castle Gate. 9 60®10 00
DA IKY rHOOUCTC, I'TC.
Butter, fancy, ft ICheese, Eastern. I
sauare I 55fa,60 : Cheese, Swiss 20f(630
do, >• roll 50f*— I Common Eggs. ...— .'a^HO
do, choice 45(<£ — iHunch Btcgs, "r*ii/. fd>3s
Ordlnaryao — — ) Eastern Eggs 25f*30
do, Pickled 4O@4 i Honey, comb, ffciai 15
, Cneese, Cal l'/@ls| do, extracted B®l2
MSATS-PKR POIJN-f).
Bacon ]otol7 1 Porlc, fresh 12@1 5
Beef, choice 1L'(&15 Pork, salt 12&15
do, Rood B®lo Pork Chops .. . 12(W15
Corned Beef B(cu— Round Steak StolO
Ham, Cal 13((fil5|Sirloln Steak. Vji.,.7 —
do, Eastern 16@ — i Porterhouse, do... lTfa'-'O
, I^ard 12@16 Smoked Beef — @18
Mutton B<ajlC Pork Sausages — <220
'•""Hi B@l--'y 2 |Veal 10(*15
Spring Lamb 20@ — j
I'OULTRV AND OAMK.
Hens, 40(jg> 6011are,each 15® 20
Young lloost- |Wild Geeee, ea 25@ 4u
ers, each 40@ Canvnsback,
Olil Roosters, I '^ pair 1 00®l 60
each 40@ 60 Mallard. pair 76@1 00
Fryers, each... 35® 4U Sprig, pair.. 60 g. tit)
Broilers, each.. 25(g> 35 Teal, V pair. 40<g> r>o
Turkeys, r 1 Ib.. 16(ai lH;\Vidgeon, t 1 pr 40fdl 60
Ducks, each... 6i)lni 75 Smli Dui-k, Ipr 35$ —
Geese, each — 1 BOfi] 75 Quail. t* doz... —@1 50
Pigeons, f< pr.. 50; a; 75|Knc Snipe, Vdz2 BOralS 00
Rabbits, %)pr.. Hs® 40iConimon d0....l 50@l 75
IKIITH ANI> NCI'S. r .V'"f
Almonds, iS lb.....l'2©ls'Limes, V- doz 10@klS
Apples, Vlb S(S( U:Oranßes, « doz 2s')<asO
Bananas, r doz...l'J@lslj'ears, f» 1b... . 4(s 8
Cocoanms, each...lOQll2JPerslmu>ons, "^'lb. s(i 6
Cranberries, |^qt..lO@lS;Raisinß, 9 Ib 6516
(Jranes. 't 1 Ib r>(« 10 Walliuis, %i lb 16@ —
Lemons, IJ4 doz 16@20
VK(4KTABnTS3.
Aaparagua, r t» lb...'2s@4UjLettuco, •$ doz 15<a'2O
AriU.'hoke<i,'t>doz7sfa»l OOJMnshrooius, 'f 1b..25@35
Beets, r doz la@l6 Mr'fat *quash,V. lb. ba —
Beans.white s Unions, 9 0) -2(S 3
olored.® lb...'JVa'^ 5 l'arsnlps, ft 002....15@20
Lima. r 1 lt» -«(5i 6 I'otr.toes, V 11) -Mai 8
CabbHce. each B@lo do. Sweet. * Ib.-. 4© 5
Cauliflowers, each. 6a 8 Radlshes.3ldzbcbß.liMa 16
Ccl.tv, v bunch... 6(S — Baße, r 1b . . . . . •■.'"! «5
Cress, qa ■!/iiimchs.'_ String Beans, 3 D«.16(d20
GarUc, fHi <>(* 8 Thyme, Ib 2U(<«HO
Oreen Peas, $ Ib.. 10@l"2 Turnips, "r 1 d z....15f5)20
Lentils, 9 lb ti@ S.Tomatoes, 'j* 1b.... 5(g;10
FISH— PRR J'OUND.
Barracuda — @— iSbad I2i/..r<i> —
Carp SffllOtSea I'.nss ... -%-
Codfish -Smelts 15&20
Flonnaers iofco2Sole 5 ... . Klftftl2
' j:"il'ut _ fei -i iSkatos. each 10@12
Herring. ..• B@]o,stargeon... . I2<ais
iTi^lisii — (oilO-Toim-oa.. . -GXO
Mackerel -Cal -Clams, ft tra! . -@15
Horse _fci — d Oi hardshell,
J"' 1 ' lOW-l ioo I....so®
romnano — 'ixl — , Crabs, each : ] 2@l
Kockfish 15<a— ,Do. softshell, S dz.2:>(a3s
Salmon, smoked... 2o&— Mussels, » qrt.. 10Sl5
Salmon, fresh... ; . . ia@l 5 Oysters, Ca1, .100.50(5: -
bhrlmps 8(a:lO,Uo, Eastern, Q dz.25(g,35
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The upward movement continued yesterday,
with increased trading in the middle stocks. Coil.
Cal. <fc Virginia touched $2 £0, Uphir $1 50, Mexi
can 69c. Hale & Norcross $1 25. (;ouki <& Curry
50c. Chollar 77c, Potosi 65c, Yellow Jacket 54c,
Best <fc Belcher 94c. and so on. The close was very
strong and advancing.
XOTKS.
The I'aciflc Lighting Company has declared a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per share, payable
January 6.
The Bprlnj Valley Water Company, San Joso
water Company and -, Pacific Gas improvement
Company will each pay monthly dividends of 80
cents per share on January 10.
.Bullion valued at $1850 lios been received from
the Jiuyflovver gravel mine.
The annual .meeting of the Bullion has been
called for the {Uh, and that of the Sierra Nevada
for the l:-tth. ■
latest advices from the Gray Kagle show t hat
the bottom af the tunnel is "now allowing a nice
washed gravel which prospects about. $5 to the car,
and a much more favorable change is taking piace
In the formation.
Buiavkk.— During the past week about 6 tons of
ore valued at $25 per ton were extracted from the
stopes above the i; 00 level. South drift from cross
cut. 4. 300 level, was extended 13 feet: face shows
bunches of low-graile ore. South drift from upraise
from south drift 100 level was extended 15 feet:
face Is In vein matter, which will prospect from $4
to St> per ion.
Sales in the regular sessions of the San Francisco
!~'ock and Kxihnnce Hosrn Tor the month of De
cember were 286,055 shares, and for the year 1895.
3,155,710 Shares, against 3,956,100 shares in 1894.
ISO All D SALLS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday;
RKOt;I,AHMOI!SIN!^KS<Imv coMMirvriV) AT*»: 30.
100 A1ta. ...... 09 50 CC&V.. 2.451 500ph1r....1.45
100 lOiIOO 2.50i200 0vrmn.... 21
100 Andes...:. 400 Exchqr....lO 100 22
300 8e1cher....31!200 Ci AC 47|X00 SavaKe....3s
100 B <fe B 891300 48 200 S i\ev 66
100 :.... 91650 HAN ....1.15 ! 100 Union C..46
500 Bodie 43 50 1.05 400 V Jackec.&O
100 ChallnKe..3O 600 Keutuck..o4l
AUKRNOON" RKSSIOV
600 AlDha 26! 60 Conii.... 300 0ccidt1....66
100 Alta 10100 Crown Pt.3O 200 Ophir. . . 1.50
100 B& X... 91 50 (J it C 48 1000vrmn....22
200 92 300 HAN... 1.20 300 P0:05i....63
800 80die...... JO 300 Justice.. BbO .Savage.... 3s
400 Ch011ar. ...74100 I. Wash.. .o2 100 Union C...46
350 73 150 Mexican. 300 V Jackt...62
50 C.CV 2.50 50 67!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoctc
Beard yesterday :
900 Alntin 26 2000 C N Y...0M200 0phir..1.45
600 Alia 11.5100 C Point. 1000 Ovrmn..22
300 Andes 23600 Kxctiqr.. .09h00 23
5100 24 700 ............10:400 Potosi 62
200 Beicher....32 200 G & C....47J80U 63
1000 33f200 .4811100 Savace..3s
100 B & li S9 1500 49800 36
1200 11(10 IIJc.N ..ly«'700 47
800 Bodle 43 1000 ... ;. 1.171-'' 1600 ScorplonOl
1500 8u1110u..20 1000 Julia o'2 900 S B& M...10
■200 Hnhvcr. ..11.800 Justice.. ..os 900 S.Nev 57
1000Ca1e«1n...09 500 Kemck....O6 900 f)8
BOoCballtre....3o 900 '.. 1000 Hil Hi 11 ..03
200 Chonar... .72 1 100 i, \Vasb..O2 900 Union C...46
1000 733)0 Mexican. 1200 Ut»h....05
900 75;50;i 67 100 YJacKet..49
350CCAV2.47y 2 UOO 68 400 .... 50
300 C0uH.1.171/ ;500 Mono HOO 61
100 1. '20400 Uccld 662000 52
1000 Con lm..02!1000 661500 53
1000 03 I
AFTKRN'OOV SKS9IOX— I :3O.
300 Alpha.., 26 150 CCV..2.47V..2400 0cc1d....65
200 26700 2.50 100 64
400 Alta 11 '200 C P0int... 31 300 68
3'JO Andes 2-jPIO 3U 800 Ophlr V>
■100 I*2oo Exchqr..lO4oO 1.47V2
800 25 400 U <t C 47,80* 1.60
40!) 8e1cner... 821300 481300 Potosi 03
800 B A 15... .'JI >iOO 49200 H4
tiOO 93)400 50 600 66
800 94 200 61H00 Savage.... 3ft
•.'(in Bodle 42'20(l JUt-V 1.17y 2 SOO 36
500 8u11i0n. ...20 200 l.'2'2Va 300 SBifcM... il
I :-(00 Bulwer....l] 400 l.ab'ftOO Nev.TT.BB
J M) 0 Caleda.. .09*400 Justice.... SOO 69
: 300 Challni;e..W,Boo Keutuck..os!4oU Union ....46
I 600 Chollar ...73 400 Mexican.. 6«!3oo .... 46
SOO 74 800 t>7 300 Ulnh 05
sl'O 751300 69900 V Jucicet s')
1000 771800 Mono O4|HOO 52
100 Conn ...1.20J5900 Overmn.-22 53
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 3-4 P. M.
Bi*.A*kr<t.\ Jild.Ask*d.
Alpha Con 26 26iJackson — 40
Alia 10 lliJutia OJ 03
Ande 24 25|Jtistlce 04 05
Belcher 31 33 KentucK. 04 05
liest & Uelcner. 94 95'Uidy W-ish.... 01 o*2
BentonCon.... ■ — 46 Mr.-.tcaii 68 69
<><]:•■ 39 41 Mt. Diablo 15 "JO
•Bullion 19 21 Mono — 05
Bulwer _ II 12, Nevada Queen. 04 08
Caledonia — 10 Occidental 67 68
Challenge (Joa. 30 Ophir 1.50 1.55
Chollar 76 7« Overman 22 23
Con. Cal. «i Vs. 2.50 2.55 ! 1'0t05i.. 63 65
Con. Imperial. 02 03 fcavaee 36 38
Confidence 1.15 1.20 £cir. Belcher... 10 11
Con.NewVorK. — 01 tMerra JSevaiU. 58 59
Crown I'oini... 29 31'fcorpion ... 03 —
KastSierralSeir — 04' Silver Hill 02 04
Exchequer 09 10 Silver King.... 26 —
Eureka c0n.... 16 25 Syndicate 02 —
Gould Jt Curry. 50 51: tnion Con 46 48
UttletScXSorcrs.l.2s 1.30 Utah (14 05
lona 04 —'i t-;;:-w Jacs9t. 53 54
STOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
FIUDAY, Jan. 3-2 p. m.
I NITKI) ST*TFS It i.VUS.
liiit. Askztl.\ JlitL Asked.
V S coup. .loß — |U S4s reg...lUß —
UIRCKUASEorS BilN'DI.
Cal-stCbless. — 110 Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalKlec 1^63.1051-2 — P*O Ity 68.107 • —
CntraC\Vss. — 100 IVcCh Jtv (Is. ioli/,107
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 95 I'wl-st.Kltßs. — 116y.
KdsnL&l' 68.106 107 Keno. \VL<tL — 105
F&CKP.K6S.IOSV2 — RiverWCo6a — 100
liearv-.siUSs. 1.-ac'ol' A 1,. .100 102%
J>o.sAns 1^6.1. — 101 'iSFiSNI'RRSs'OOii -
Do,Unted.Us. — 101V^bPBUAriz6s — 94
-Ukt-slCbletS»l2o 122 ' r.KCal6s..llO —
UoKyConss..lo7Viloßy !SPßßCals3.. 90 —
NevCN"gßßa. — 100 |=>PHrKCal6s. '.•« —
N PCKU<j.s.lO3V 2 — '4>VWater6s..i22 —
N KyCalfls.lo2 — b\ r Water4s... 98y 2 i'9'4
Hyi,il.')s. — 103 StkinH&Eßj —108
Oak tias 55..101V2 — SunstT&Tßs. — 100
Do, 2<l Iss ss. 104' 2 — ;- i utier-.stKss.lo9V3lU
Omnibus 65.. 118y 119»i Visulla\VU6s — 92
l'a<KollM6s.. — ' -
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa, 42y 2 50 |i?an Jose 76y 2 »6
MarinCo. — - 62 VfcjSpring Valley 96Vs —
GAS feTurK-.
Capital.: — 40 (Pacific Light. '46 48
Central 95 — ISan Prancsco 7iyg 721 A
OakGL<£fL 50y 2 MV" Stockton — 2iy.»
PacUaslmp. 81 1, «2y 3 ; ■".. '
issfKA.s X STOCKS.
FiremansFrt.lso — |5un..... 66 Vi —
COMMKRCIALBAXK STOCK*.
AmerBATO. — — |LondonP*A.l27%l3o
Anglo-Cal ... 69y 2 «'-' |lxmdon<&SF. — ' -.'8
Hunk of Cal.. 233 Merch Ki.... 12 ; —
CoISiJATCo.. :>7 80 JNevjwia — —
iirstNattonl.lß2V 2 Bather B Oo_ — —
Grangers — — — I
SAVINIiS HANK STOCK!.
GerS&LCo. 1450 1600 Sav&Loon.. — ISO
HumbS&Xj.lOOO — Security — 275
Mutual. 35 4iy-»' Union Tru3C. — 825
Kt'buvUuion — 4«5 ,
STRKKT RAILKOAD RTOCKS.
California.... 105 — Uak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-st CO 70 l-n-smio 6 —
Markel-5t.... 44% 45y B Suuer-3t — —
I-OWIIKK STOCK - -.
Atlantic D... 15 - Jmison — —
California »f» 115 Vigom 60c —
Giant... — 19 I
ihmi:lu\'hhs STOCKS.
A!rrlciv Pkr?. 95 — OceanioSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 I'acAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMilU.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
ChlDrvDock. — — PacI&NCo. — 30
KdlsonLlgnt. 95 96 PacKoU L'JVa 25
tiaaConAssn. — — a'arll'aintCc. — 9
HawC&SCo.. "i/ 7' ■> I'acTransCo. 2'2V 25
HutchSl'Co.. 1J:< 4 I'ucTA- '<'< ■> 60 —
JudsonMfgC.. — — ißanseiTAi 1 40 —
Aasuioo 110 United — 25
MOKNIVi) sKssni
Board — 136 Ilutchlnson s Co, 13: 25 Market-st
Railway. 45: 5 I'acltic Gaa Imp, 8iy 2 ; 15 S V
Water, 981/4-
AFTERXnnN- PKS^ION.
Boartl— 2o Market si Railway, 45; 60 SFUaa-
Hgbt, 72; •_•() a v Water, 98' '
s. rcei— 100 Hawaiian Comiuercial, 7V*.
HOTEL AERIVALS.
SEW WEBTKHN IIOTKL.
Miss M L Morgan, Cal O W Egner, Ans;pl Island
(i W O'Donnell.Ssan Jose C Hatto. Vallejo
J Jicha. HcaldsiiniK E s Adams, Chicago
w ]•• ( hrisians.'ii.cal X R Crocker, liakersfield
"H L Fisher, Alamcda E )) Spencer, Victoria
P Peterson. Alvara.lo J \V Cook, Courtlaud
C EQulfeley, Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
\VW Woods, Detroit J Oilas, Cblco
.1 Roach, Marysviile J Nugent, Korkland
E G Green, baltnoa P Misslarten, Stockton
BKEdwards Washington W W Orr, I'hUadelphla
.1 'f MultoonAw.Bellevue M Hunt. Chicago
Weir, Byron Springs F W James, Los Gatos
BI" Barker. Livermore 8 Carter. Vallejo
T W Clark, I'ortland E X Nelson, Chicago
F Plsher, Oakland F Williams, San Jose
Miss Smith, Vnllejo . F B Burns. \ V U\
Mrs a Brown, Chicago J a Scott, N V
LICK HOUSK.
Jas Collins, Cour land Baleigh Barcar,Vacavill«
J A Saywurd, Victoria olt Kunyon, Courtiaud
J W Morrell, Victoria Tlios Fox. Sacramento
0 H Scaio", .Sonora MrsJ A Louittt, Stocktn
kd C.iviiniui^li.Batilp Mt Miss Jesse A Louttit.,
Hcßea, llanford Stockton
J A Webster. *olano Miss L W Shilllnjr, Colo
FW Hatch, Agnewa . FE C Benzon, S;ui Jose
noiiA Caminetti.Jacksn P M Crow, Stockton
Henry hicknoff.s KafaelD p KeUOKB * w; Cal
Chu Wood, Lmvisville A B Matthewa di w, Cal
(Wo Groll.N" V Miss Matthews, Cal
lion El' Colgan. sacto c;po Lake, Woodland
L X Bellis & w, Wis F H ColHn ifc w, H Rosa
PALACE HOTEL.
F li Ward. Tulare A Maunheimer, X V
Jos Gut man, N V .1 I) Seliridge, N V
TH Merrill, .Montana X Primpelly, Newport
H Benttett, London, Kng H i> Roberts, X V
11 II Hlnsnaw. BurlngmeG Fletcher, limss Valley
F Searls, Nevada City Mrs II D I'nderwood and
<; I. Mhearer, N V maid. Mare Island
C G Jiinkerruan & w, WisF, II Lewis it w. Portld
M;s^ 8 11 Lewis, I'ortland IJ B Lewis, Portland
P Townsend, Portland Mrit .Mrs Peltier, Nev
Mr V Cox. Nevada V H McLymont, Fresno
Hobt <;raham, Los Angls Mrs J McWatt, Los Ant:
Cap! .1 F Knowlesife w,L A Miss Knowles, I.os Ancls
II .1 Knowles, J.os Anglß X I, Urayton, Los Angle*
s McNeur A: w. Oakland X B Sheldon <fe w. Kvside
L Zobel & w. Los Angeles Mrs Fishbaek, Seattle
\V S Hofstra A- w, Cligo N A McCully, US N
H LaiiKhliti, Staniord E W BaiZettAw, Wash
T T Land, Angels
UHASD HOTKL.
Mrs P Hollister, 'ourtld Miss B Hollister, Courtld
I) Dlerssen, Sacramento W C Waters, Watsonville
A Simpson, Tehama J D Wadsworth, Sta Ho >a
J II Smith. Oakland W 1* Moore, San Moteo
J ¥ Katon. Alameda M T Henbard. Sacto
Mr* Cooper, San Jose a l overtoil, Cal
Miss Hatch, Fresno Miss M Batter, Fresno
JT Grant, Boston A. G Fitch, Boston
C A Perkins, Little River J G Turner, Los Angeles
H F Asjinlar. Los Ann J LGillis, Sacramento
Mrs N Kountne, Portld J M Ramsey, Portland
.Miss X llamsey, Portld A J Redmond. Chicago
It Dil.er, Chico J Ulnke, Vncavlile
Mrs EoWeill, Soquel Cri gchlveley, < iroville
V L Leonard. Los cSatos G it EUderscor, Bacto
F M Ayera, '-tanforci Mrs F Wislocke, S Jose
J I) Fredericks, Los Ang Johu (i Hamilton, S Jose
W H <,albraith Sta Cruz J C Tice, Stockton
TClar< w&chi Placervle \V N I,anc. Santa Cruz
W li Harrison, Stockton James Carson, San Jose
G.l i) wens, San Mateo W T Korsyth, Santa Unu
I) F Matter, Watsonville Dr X 7. Hennessey, Xapa
E Mack <few, sta Barbara G W Chandler, sta Cruz
S B Doane, S P Co S L Strocher, Fresno
X Burr. Auburn X C Hart, Sacramento
sj Kltzmuller,\v,Soledad A LLevinsky, Stockton
2& A Replogle, Akron, O A S Macdo:iald, Oakland
BUSS HOUSE.
T O Archer, Duns.nulr E FlrthJ Dunsmuir
T Lindsay, Neva la .1 Kllioit, CarsonCKy
H StWlinc:, Davisville C B Scott, I'orlland
O Lulgo, yuisun .i m Wood, Idiiho
.T X Fisher, >ant.i Barba J I* lliirriimton. Nevada
\V a Ilobertson. Nevada J A Llndaay, Nevada
R Belden, Co:ali D Mnyer, Chicago
F W Kmerson, s Ferndo .1 P bristeneon,ssFerndo
J C Collins, Auburn J C Smith, Auburn
.1 W O'Brteo, Vall«jo \v C Green. Vallejo
1 Alexander, I'ortlnud C Andrew?, Auckland
C E >i>. an, Washington O N Healion, Eureka
A II ) eahman, sfati Jose J It Welch A w, Sncto
.1 W Bullis, Los Angeles F Wellington, l escadero
J V Heald, Na.sQviile • j Ciinard. Vallejo .
G E Hunt, Philadelphia \V Crawford, Aiuioch
.1 B Sanfortl, Ukiah .1 J Davis it w, Elmjra
Jas Ellgh iX. w, Kedding .1 PfeifTer. French Gulch
J Poner. French Gulch <; W offee, Bakersfleld
M Itio Devtparos A w, J I. 8011, Visalia
Sacramento C X Benrrt, Spokane
X P.ayuor&w. BiggsvllleO J Wood, Danville
G \V uiwso::, Tres li: oa T B Evans. Tres Plrioi
.1 M Sharp, San Jose k McGetiifian, Vallejo
Dr McGettlgan, V r allejo B M Trlpp, Vancouver
Miss A Arnett, Reno .Miss Josie Hilderbrand,
B F Wella, Los Angeles Santa Kosa
W 11 Bradley, l. Angeles \V H Banks A f. Arizona
Jas ilcHolrne, .Sun Jose
SMITH'S COSTLI APPLE TREE.
If He Had Sacrificed It He Would Have
Been »45,000 Richer.
WASHINGTON, F.v., Dec. 20. — The
dearest apple tree in the world stands on
the Albert Smith farm, in South Strabane
township, this county. It has cost its
owner over $45,000 in cash, and no doubt
much mental suffering.
In 1887. when the Smith pool gushers
commenced to break the oil market and
ruin sneculators, the company which held
the lease on the Smith farm decided to
locate a well near the boundary line of the
Cameron and Smith properties. The tim
bers for the rig were on the ground when
the owner of the farm objected to the loca
tion, claiming that if made on the »pol
chosen it would necessitate the chopping
down of a favorite apple tree- The man
ager of the drilling company had con
ceived the idea, however, that the location
was a promising one, and, becoming tire<i
of Smith's protest, decided to gain his
point and get even with the land-owner at
the same time.
Acting on this plan he had the" timbers
hauled a few feet, reversed the derrick and
boiler-house, placed them just across the
line on the Cameron farm and drilled the
well within a few feet of the original loca
tion. The well came in a mistier of tlie
largest caliber, producing : J .< X>J barrels of
oil per day. A large percentage of the
petroleum must have come from under the
Smith farm, but the hole was on <';uiu'
ron's land, and the latter, of course, re
ceived the royalty.
The well ia still producing some oil and
the property-owner's share of the output
has amounted to over $45,000. The apple
tree still lives, but it is said to have been
ruined by the close proximity of the well.
Other wells on the Smith land brought the
far.-ner wealth, hut his a;. pie tree, which is
now famous among drillers, cost him dear.
— Philadelphia Times.
THE CALL CALKNDAB,
Jantary, 1896.
Su. -M. [ Tu. W. Th. Ir. ! Sa. ! ,
_ I Moon's Phases.
1284 ! r^Last Quarter.
(*• Last Quarter.
; ; '•i*' January 7.
5 6 7 8 9 10 11
g\\ Now Moon.
— — \dJ January i-%.
12 18 14 15 16 17 18
__ __ 3 First Quarter
V 4/ Jnnuury 22.
19 20 21 22 '23 24 25 — '
ft{\ Full Moon.
l i I sJ January 80.
26 27 28 129 i 30 31 I I "
V . V.. -, 1 .v. ;..
Date* I»«>»»tirt ur«> From San Francisco
HTKAMKK. IlK.Sri S AT1IIS"
-IAII.-t.
PIRR.
Homer ICoos'Jiay fan 4. 5pm | Oceanic
Kuroka ..NewDort Inn 4, I'it-rll
Man- of Call Portland lan 4.10 am ' Pier 21
Arneo li.oosiiav Jan 5.10 am ' Pier 13
CllyPuebla.. : Vie A Pec snu Jan 6, 9am I Tier 9
Arcata Coos Bay lan s.loam| Per 13
Santa ilosa.. San Dietro Jan 6.11 am ! I'n-rtl
I'omona Humboldtßay Jan U. i'ier9
>aranou.... uouirm iSa»\. Jao 7. spm I'ierJ
Del iSorte .. |Uraya ilaroor. .Lan 7. -ji-m Fifth St
i'olntijoma. Grays Har Dor. .Lan 7.l'j hi I Pier 2
M taut Newoort Jan 8, 9am Pier 11
Colon I'nnama Jan H.la m I'm S S
ABUncliar:! | Portland Jan B.l'J Mi»-ifrl3
Afridi China & Japan Jan 9, :-!!>m p m 88
AJameda — Sydney lan 9, -'pm 'Oceanic
Columbia... J Portland... .-... Jan 9.10 am; Pier 24
Corona. San Dleco Jan 10.11 am'•m '• Pier 11
Bii»*Vuli;i i Vie «t Pel sin) ' .i.-.n 10. 9am! Pier 0
SIJEAMJiIIa TO A.KIVr..
Steamkb I
From
I
IMTE
Homer Coos «»v..., I.. Jim 4
San Benuo Tacoma '.... Jan 4
W^eott Humbnidtßay lan 4
Afrldi {China and Japan Jan 4
Trnckee Tinamook Jan 4
-North ion: jHumboldtßay lan 4
tr.niß Host fan Diego Jan 4
Point .ix>ma Grays llarnor lan 5
Del None Grays JiarDor Jan 5
Fnrallon Yamuna way lan 5
Alice Blancnanl I'ortiana ran 5
roainna. llumboidi J3av Jan 5
Columbia. Portland Jan (3
Sti'ani Newport. Jan 6
Walla Walla — | Victoria A I?us;ei sound ..Jan i;
Mexico Mil Hil'SO ;.. ..Jan 8
City of Sydney. j Panama Jan 8
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan 9
Kareka. Newport Jan TO
I'eru China and Japan ran 10
Arniro Coos Bay i:m Jo
City of l'anama Panama Jan 10
I'mntilla Victoria A I'ucei Sound ...Inn 11
Sintoof Ca! i I'ortlnnd lan 11
SIN AM) TIDK TABLE.
C HI9H WATKB.ILOW WATER. . SIN. v .i.\.\
=|1 . ] ,
T IJirse.j^inan. Large. Small Klses Sets j lilsrs
4. 1.411' 2.55 a 8.34p| 8.07 a, 7.26; 5.04 9.50p
Small. Large. l
5.1 'J.f>-'|- 3.44a1 ff.24i» 9.10 a 1 7.'-'6 5.05 1 1 . ()()p
HfOBOGBAPHIC BCL.UETTIN.
Branch ITviißooHArnic ()kkicf., I*. s. N. "»
.Mi-.i:. Hants' EXCHANOB, [
San Fkancisco, January S, 189fi. I
Tim time bull on Felegraph mil was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of t!:.' r.'Oth
meridian, or exactly at 8 v. m.. Greenwich time.
A. !•'. FUCHTMJBB,
Lieutenant V. S. X., in charge.
SlJli'PiACi IMKLi.IIUiStE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. January 3.
Stmr Araen. TCoprt. 40 hours from Coos Bcv\ p:iss
nn<! mdse. to Oregon c;oal and NavCo.
stmr Arcata, Cousins. 4s hi.urs from Coos Hay;
Dftss and milsi . in () c ,\: N Co.
i Br sliip Snaigow, Fraser, 69 days from New
; castle, Xs\V: SG3O tons coal, to R B Hogue.
t . Br ship Seafarer, Tiipman, 143 days from Ant
; werp: mclse, to \V R Grace A: Co.
: S-chx Eclipse, Gnttormsen, 8 days from Eu
refca; — M t; lumber, toCnas Nelson.
Sclir Nettie Low. J.oiv, 8 hours from Point
Reyes; 50 hxs butter, to J H N<;wbauer<fc Co.
Schr Mary Etta, .Wet zel, ■_' days from Fisks
.Mill: 'JOOO posts, 50 cJs wood, to Bender Bros. .
KIDAY. January 3.
.Stmr State of California, Acklev, Astoria; Good
all. Perk;iis »fc Co.
Stmr Enrelca, Jepsen, San I'e<lro: Goodall Per
kins it Co. .
Br ship Lanras;er Castle, Clemence, Liverpool • ;
Balfpur, Guthrle & Co. ' "
Ge'r burk J C Glade. Stege, Queenstown; Girvin
<fc Eyre.
Bktn BQ Wilder, McNeill, Honolulu; Williams
Dimond <fc Co.
■:: : '.';' Sailer:.
FRIDAY. January s. ,
Strnr Coos Bay. Diiß^an. Santa Cruz.
Tillamook. Hansen.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Br ship Cedric. the Baxon, Rees, London.
Gership Cnnstene. Warneke, Sydney.-
Bktn Tropic Bird, Burns, Tahiti.
Schr Kate and Anna, Morean, sealing voyage to '
Japan roiiat, Berint; «ea and Atton or Unalaska.
Schr Melancthon; Kemmers, Willipa Harbor.
Schr (^em, Olsen, Coquille River.
Scnr Fannie Adele. Murchison. Willipa Harbor. '
Schr Neptune, Kstvold, Portland.
e?ra|ihic.
POINT LOBOS— 3— lo m— Weather
Clear: wina XX: velocity 8 miles.
Cliartof*.
The Xic barkentinp Wrestler loads lumber nt this
port tor Central America, lump sum; bktn Klikitat'
lumber at Port Gamble, for Honolulu; schr John (i
North, mdse for Honolulu.
I ,f 0V 8-Lat 157. 8, long sew, ship Cambrian
King, trom Rio d« Janeiro for Oregon
Per Br Btli , p , SoafareT—Oct 14— 30 s, Ion" 51
Francisco ship KlliMlarid, from Swanseal for San
Francisco.
, Nov -2-Lat 57 S, lon 67 W, Br ship Bracadale
from Liverpool, for San Francisco. «<-'«Jan\
Nov 13-Lat 55 S, lon« 83 \V, B.- ship The Hah
neraann. from llambnr.', for s.-,n Francisco
Dec l i.'— Lat 7N, lotijr 119 W. Br ship Alcedo
hence Nov 28, lor Liverpool. »«'P Aiceuo,
■ Dec J'-'-Lai 15 N, Ion*; M \V, an bark Cimbrla
from Vancouver, for Qu»enstown '"" rlai
Dec as-Lat 42 21 .V long 125 58 W, bark Colo
rado, from Astoria, for Hongkong. ÜBr^ VOio
Uomestic Ports.
fo?«eatUe. XT SalletlJan 3 ~ SChr Wm Rentou,
Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Caspar, from Fort ■Rrno-o
--j MJRTimAGG-Arrived Jan 3-S;fn°r r Noyofnnc
SO"UTH BKND-Sailed Jan 8-Bktn ' Tarn o-
Snanter, for San Francisco. lam °
■ . -- ■ -' "■■•-.'
CASI'AK-Arrive.i Jan 3-Btmr Jewel, from San
d t5oHBAy- Sailed Ji«n 12— Stmrs Snnol '.' r ' Ho
.■■■.■■»:':... r ..J.-.J
PORT L: " VNGI^ES-Arriv.tl Jan 3-Brstmr
h^SStUSSJS^S^SSi G.en. from
V S»£ U^r'l^ie K. for Saf
F ArrSvcMJan -Schr aNkfe an! Foatle. nenc^-
D^ NPEDBO-BaUed Jan 3-Hchr S:ilv:itor.
Arrived Jnn"-«ciir H W I at leit, from 1 .coma.
p"INT AKKN A -Sailed Jau 3-stmr -''c-itra/,
for Port. Los Anscles. Jan 3-Stmr Xavarro.
LIITLE BlVKU— Sailed Jan J-Stmr JNavarro,
Arrived Jan 8-Stmr Pomona, hence
juiTaehf HC Wrtgnt, trom sanPedro; stmr
bcotia, hence Jnn 2. . c i.- -in
Sailed Jan S-Stmr National C.tv. for Sa n fr. n
cisco: stmr Xorth lork. for i,BuFnMdaratt«An
Klevenia. Mnry Bnhne and Confianza. for San
Francisco: i,rlft Tanner, for San 1 edro.
BOWKNS LAM)IN(i-S»i! |J " Jil " 3-Scnr \\ M
Ph t Yj,s. tor <an Francisco: scbr Monterey, for San
Francisco.
Esatern Por 1 -*. : '~ r: ' f Si .
NF.W YO!?i.-ArrlvedJan 2-Snnr Co'.ombla,
from Colon; Ha« bark Fuiif: sner, from Jiong
kons to loa i foe Ho-iolu!ii. ' , ... ,__,_
HAMI'iOX fiOADs-l'assod Jan 1-Saip -.inm
ria, irom Baltimore, for San Fr.wicisco.
Forol - \ '*■» • ♦■
SYDNEY— Dec 81— Bark Sonoma, from
Port Townsend.
A VCKI.AND— Jan -3— Urstmr Mono
wai, hence Dec 13. " •„ - ' r
.Mi-.LinirUM-:- Arrived Jan I— Bktn Jane L
Stanford, from Port Townsend.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 1— stmr press
of Chl»a. from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Jan I— Rrstnir Tacoma,
from Victoria.
PANAMA— Arrived uec!7— Stmr City of .Syd
ney, hence No v 18: Dec 28— Brstnar Barracouta,
from Champerico; Dec 25— Stmr San Bias, hence
Nov y.O.
bailed Dec 21— Stmr City of Sydney, for *an
Francisco.
LSLE OF WlGHT— Passed Jan I—Br snip Drum
burtoD, from London, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Jan 1— Br ship Brodlcll
Caaile, for San Francisco via Hongkong.
Movement* of TniiM- \iln.r o St«»'n<»r«.
SKW \ ORK— Arrival Jan Stmr Brittanic,
from Liverpool and Quecnstown.
BOT rEßDAM— Arrived out Jan 3— Stmr Veen
dam.
LIZARI I'asseil Jan B— Stmr Friesland, .from
New York, ror Antwerp.
BEA'UIY HKAD passed Jan 3— Stmr Mani
toba, from New York, for London.
TORY im.\nii I'as.^d Jan 3— Stmr Pomeran
ian. from New York, for Glasgow.
BROW HKA D— Jan Stmr Umbrla. fm
New York, for Liverpool.
I m»or tat I on*.
COOS BAY— Per Arauo— "lS bxs apples, i kegs
butter, 2 sks potatoes, a b.xs fruit, 2 pk( express, 1
sk coin. 800 tons cooL
BAY— Per Arca-a- 327 bxs apples, lfihf-f
bbls 9 tubs butter, 50 sks potatoes, 30 i>bls salmon, '■
— eds ttebwood, 15 i -s pain:, 17 pkgs mdse, 3 sks
coin, 6 |)Kgs express. 3'J5 tons coai.
<<>ii*i|f n.-,.».
Per Arajro— Pacific rransferCo: O C N Co; PC
Durgan: II Klrchmanu it Co: Weils. Fargo <k Co;
Marshall, Tegsart a Co: Nasb A Boessenecker.
I'cr Arcata Jansen, i:osc A Heney: lmini'l .t
Co: Marshall, 1 Tegjrart & Coj Smith's' Cash Store; K 1
Jiranilt: i:ir«-i:i <v MaßKini; W I' Fuller* Co; Mur
ray & Ptelnbajjen; Oetz Bros it Co: Jai-obson it
Lobroe; standard Oil Co: C C Pennell & Co: X TU
tso:i; W.-lls. Farno ,\- Co.
(fer*££>2* OFFICE FURNITQRK
pl^g^ AND FIXTURES.
H|j§|j|:SC- F. WEBER & CO.,
OCEAH STEAMSHIPS.'
| PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COHPASI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C.,and
PUGET SOUND.
E*ix-SBt Class &0.00
Second. Class OO
Meals and berth Included.
| Ticket Offici — 4 Ren Montgomery Street.
GOOUALL, PKUKIXS& CO.. %-
: Ueiif rai AgenM. ~
O. c«3 IST-
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second (kiss. $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservatlun.4 call at 19 Mont*
gomery sfroet.
Columbia, sails Dpcemhrr 30
Kiateof California sails January A
GOODALL, PEJRKUfB .t CO., Genl. Supts.
F. f. (O.NMJK. General Agent. _
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJ!
QTF.AMERM WILL HAIL FKO3I JS-ja.
O I. roadway wharf, San Francisco, as «USK
foQows:
Kor .Mary Island, Lorinsr. Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
-lisnoo and Silka (Alaska), at 5* a. m.. Jan. 16, 30,
Keb. 14.
For Victoria and Vanronvpr (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett, Anncortes and New
Whatcom (EellinKham Bay. Wash.), 9 a. v.
Jftn. 6, 10, ]' _''). '2b. 80, and evf-ry flftS
tlay thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
Iho C. I. I.. X.. ai T.icoir.a with N. P. K. X.,
lit Seattle with (j. N. Ity., at Por; Townsend with
', Alaska steamers.
! *or Kure'^a, Arcata Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) s:r. Pomona, il p. v., Jan. '1, 6. 10, 14,
18. 'J'2. 'Jri. 30, and erery fourth day thereafter,
i For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*,
! Port Harford (San I.vis Obispo), Gaviota. Sanut
i Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, Ka»t >»a
, Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 8 a. m.. Jan.
4.8. 12, 16. 21), 24, '28, and every lourth day
I thereafter.
Kor San Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord
(Sau Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Anceles, Kedondo (LO3 A:ige!es) and Newport. 11
A. v., Jan. •_'. ti. 10. 14, 18. 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For F.nseuada, Son Jose del Cabo, Maxatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guarjbaa (Mexico), str. Wiiiaia-
ette Valley, 1<) a. v.. 25t!i of each month.
Ticket ollice. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treei.
tiOODALL, PEP.KIXS * CO., Gen'l Agerrs.
10 Marke t st.. San Francisco.
OCEASIC STEAMSHIP COMPAII.
Coolirurrtle sold Held*
>^^tT TO J^lv (Ireemantle). Austra-
Hn*,wiK ». lia '- *'-!-0 first das*.
iwOTLJjfLNoi UL V $11 ° Bteer age. Loweas
JOB \*o&^££^Lr rate 9 to Capetown,
mMp^^ . s-outh Africa.
slliw SfP VU Australian steamer,
Kr I V l^Wtf^^l Honolulu and Auclc*(w
Kteamshtp Australia,
Honolulu only, T»ir»».
"*QSj^^j£j3jggJJ^ _ day. January 21, at 10
Si-kcial I'aiitiks — Reduced special ra;es for
parties fc>n n and 1 „ ,8 . .
Ticket oiHce. 114 -Montgomery street
J. P. BPKECKKLB .t lilius., Genei
co|pa wMeeJle TRA.ISATLA.\TH)I B
freitcta i.in«- to Uai re
\ I iv,T, foot of MonoMM. Triv.-W-rs i,v «&£V
this line uvoirt both tracsit by Kn lisn ia'i rT^Ti
the discomfort oi crossing the channel In a intaU
boat. >ew -Sork to Alexandria, Kgypt via Par
first-class »160; second class, $116. ris>
LA BRKTAONE, Capt. Uupp.
I^«ASCOGNE,-Capt:Bau;& ary ' ii: ' :::: ""-'
LAciiAMrAGNKicapt.vs^.. 18 :.;:;;;;----
-la iiou RGOOXkV Cap V.' Leboeuf r -. . 25> . ••;•'•'—•
laltv.' •■: February 1
BfW 1- or further particulars apply o
n  „ A - '■'"H'.Kl'. Ac ml
J. F. FtJOAM *CO V Kew Y '"'<-
avenue, San FmncUco. 0 " A^ Uts ' 5 Montgomery
ROYAL MAIL " 51E.131 PAIKFT COIPAJJ.
QTKAMEKS LEAVE ASiPT^WAr r -
p fortnightly for the West Indie, and -4£S»
Southampton, calling en route at GeVbc^^
France, and Plymouth to land pass.*,-^ ' rbour tl «
ur- to direct ports in Ensand and Ger^ treas "
fAUKOI l « CO., A.genw,
__ ■■"' ( '.'l.;uruia»t.
, STOCkM STEASIEIIS
«3- Accommodations Reserred by Shon^
SI'EAjrEK :
T. C. Walker, ,i -n ¥> .
YALLEJO jTmaReTsLAIVD. "" *
»TK. MONTICELLo.
P«lly, except Runday-io a. m_ 4 . .
hunday— S P . jj_* *******
Unfiln «' MiMion I. pi. t Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
BOGUS COINS IN OAKLAND
They Were Hidden Beneath the
Floor of an Old Dwell
ing-House.
MURLNER TO BE SENTENCED.
Capitalist Thomas' Wife Says a Trap
Must Be Used to Catch
Him.
■ ij n< I >w F"ran< leco Cai.l.i
Broadway, Jan. 3. )
nterfeit money v, :is found beneath a
Pablo avenue and Bush
it by workmen who were
ng the foundation of a new
• money has been in
. ii > Oakland, the hnd at-
I attention.
inder which the bopus
as f( nd baa been moved off its
a workmen were employed in
g in a brick foundation, when Pat
t, a hod-carrier, turned
earth and saw several balf-di
He < and was con
liey were bad. They all bore the
■ 77 and were loose in the irroun 1.
they were of no value, V Peakal
!.'.• bystanders to carry them
• re under which they were
i ducted by Mrs.M. W
-he has n< "■' the bad
money 'was hidden beneatn her house.
"vi;i<l»' Han j
KLAND, - Harriet A.
rms of her will
■■ -.'.'.'Sts. Her
and consists of
Say wards electric
•wing bequests :
lo Lizzie S. 1 md all the per
y 11. Bates, (500. to
ther; Albert H.
. lyt, (1000; Mary L.
■ . - M. Whittemore, (500;
Vienna Hawes. $400;
Fanny Farrell and
'Mabel E. Wise
each ; tiie
the estate to Stella M. Stone.
A New Chapter.
-'\i. t Jan. 3.— Oakland
of Eastern Star, installed
era at its chapter rooms in
le last nitwit. The new
it with a membership of
■ following ;iicers were
Lilian Warner, worthy matron;
■■ thy pairoi"; Eunice
ite matron; Venice F.
Mary A. Trit>p, treas
. worth, conductress;
mductress; Ro
\iah; Cora Button, Ruth
rgia P. Hunt, Esther pro
■ arrie H. Bassett, Martha pro tern .;
- ot< Vance, Electa; Laura Leber,
Hannah Kellum, sentinel pro
Sarab I assidy, chaplain; Kate R.
i. marslial. J. B. Merritt, grand
: the ( ■. ier, presided and was nias
: remonies.
Fighting n Saloon License.
OA.KLAJ Jan. 3.— Rev. Dr.
the First
■ ared before the
■ City Council to
granting
to Frank Courant to conduct a
■ ; on Fourteenth
n . in earnest request
i .it tee decided to re
pon the application. Heit
and VVatkinson were' in favor of it.
i several parts of
through insolvency,
■ t'Je in the vicinity of the pro
n are opposed to it. As recom
ty of the com-
Ij sustained there is
; • • < ■ irant.
oiklaiifl Theater Closed.
. LAND. Cal.. Jan. 3.— The manager
and theater was frozen out to
lie had a good audience, but just
time when William Paly and his
May Nannary, should have appeared
j-rooans, Manager Collins
; a dispatch from tfan' Francisco
irs •»:" tne AJi iiaba aggregation
b the week out. The refusal
a row with the comedian
of the company Wednesday night. As it j
to proceed. Manager Col
money and had to close
>ther company will appear
rrow.
3lust Catch Him in a, Trap.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— W. L. Thonip
son has returned the summons issued by
the California Nati nal Bank of San Fran
cisco against R. P. Thomas, the ioap
maker. Ihom; makes affidavit that
lie has been unable to locate Thomas at
his residence, works or at the othce of the
company to serve him with the summons.
On one occasion Mrs. Thomas asked him if
be had a trap, and on his replying in the
negative, she said it would take a trap to
catch Thomas. The action is brought to
- obtain a decree and injunction restraining
the disposal of property,: the soap com
pany.
M iliiner'H Senteiv <».
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.- Louis Muhl
ner will appear in the Superior <ourt to
roon-ow for sentence upon hia conviction
ol manslaughter for the killing of Jennie
Lewis last August. Judge Frick will hear
argument on a motion for a new trial and
should it be refused it is not unlikely that
an appeal will be taken to the rerae
Court. The chief point on which the de
fense will depend will be the fact that the
verdict oi the jury was a compromise
\. hen they lirst went into the jury-room
nix ballots were taken and all were six
for acquittal and six for murder. They
finally compromised on manslaughter.
Oakland's Finances.
OAKLAND, Cm.., Jan. 3.— The City
Council ettled the vexed question of the
depositing ol municipal money in a place
oi safety ■•■ yesterday's meeting.
It was shown that the city Tiall could
not bear the pressure of the building of an
adequate iron vault on account of its weak
ness and old ape.
Toe City Attorney advised that the law
was very mperative and the Treasurer
was authorized to hire a vault in one of
the local banks and use it as a safe de
posit vault till such time as circumstances
will permit of the charter being complied
with and a suitable safe built.
■ Xesl the Pole lax.
X.LA.ND, Cal., Jan. :s.— ln a few days
oi will file a suit
Be Postal Telegraph Com
}'•'"■■ a of a pole license
J ax ' n ninety poles. This will
letermine the validity of
■ : i some time ago levv
rental of ?.' 50a polenpon
a. i . u:« •...■tt.h and telepnone conmanies
■'■V public ■ itt for their oles.
will be brought in the Justice Court,
a- me amount is under $300.
M»)\v»mi, Formally Charcetl.
OAKLAND. Cal., ian. S.—A complaint
was .iit-d io-Uay aKainst (J. 11. Bowman.
| >c «rr.tiit charged with seriously wound
♦ »,Aii. Montgomery by striking her on
the ace witn a neavy cane. The clerk had
wiii » • injured woman's home and it
,\i.V t"' severa! w^eks before she can ap
!"/ r ' ' c " urt; J l was with great difficulty
li a v£*' Sned the wa "ant. Bhe is stifl
XL* IIJ S " 1O V S c»"<iition and the prc
t pVyhoJ. exailll "? 15011 will not be heard
tnl infi can attend court.
. A Mother Kissing.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— The trial of
Henry Seimer has been again continued
because of the absence of an important
witness. Seimer is charged with a felon
ious assault upon Myrtle Needham, 8 years
old. Her mother cannot be found. She
separated from heir husband because he
dia not at once refuse an offer of $250 to
refrain from prosecuting.
Mrs. Ainsworth's Allowance.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 3.— Margaret S.
Ainsworth, widow of the late Captain J.
Ainsworth, iiled a petition for a family ,
allowance, in which she sets fort i that the
estate is worth more than $100,000 and that
the income exceeds $250 a month. She
asks that this sum be allowed as a family
income and to-day Judge Friek made the
allowance asked.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Uappeuings Told In
Brief Chapters. : •'
Oakland Office, Sas Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Jan. 3. {
Complaint has been made to thief Lloyd of
a gang of tramps who make their headquarters
at the end of the Twentv-second-streei sewer.
The men have a tent at .he place.
Possible BUlcide while Insane was the ver
dict of tbe Coroner's jury in the ease of
Francis Cassagomer, wno was drowned at
Point Isabella. He had been insane for nve
years.
The art exhibit and New Year's reception at
the Manse was largely attended yesterday.
The Dl liin.'s are open to the public from 2 to
in the afternoon and 7 to 9 in the evening
until January '.).
Young Fred Adams, who got himself into
. riooa difficulties by his hasty marriage
-■nee, is now attempting to break
onds that still hold him firmly to his
pretty wife.
i r Stahl. who was last week appointed
on the police force, brought in his first cyclist
■nincr. This whs P. H. Ro.M-nhcim." who
forfeited $2 to-day. 1 . L. Knight also forfeited
$2 on the same charge.
1 he entries at the Acme Club five-mile haud-
Icap race next Sunday closed last night with
the following names: J. H. otey, P. Lefevre.
-m.il, J. Clymer, W. Greaves, G. J. Cul-
Jitme, J. E. Sc< -i. Charles Siamberg.
John D. Lawson and Louis Wnlker have filed
their appraisement in the estate of Beele Gou
liner. The estate consists of an undivided in-
In real estate ami personal property in
"\ 010 County, and is valued at $443/ 7.*.
There is now on hand in the City Treasurer's
oflicesll9.il7l 71. The different funds are all
reasonably well supplied, exeent the salary
land, in which there is only $4818 62. Pay
- drawn upon this fund hereafter will
have to be deferred.
The police are making It warm for the pro
fessional beggars nbout the city, seven of
whom were in the Police Court to-day. Jud'e
Wood sentenced two of them to serve threo
months in the County Jail, two two months
and one thirty days.
H. B. Manning, the cyclist, who pleaded not
guilty to riding by Officer Peterson at Thir
teenth avenue an.l East Twelfth meet was
guilty by Judge Wood this morr.inp He
hass?s bail up, which he will forfeit H he
had not asked for a trial he would have trot off
for .*•_'.
CAREFUL OF ITS HEALTH
Alameda Likely to Further Reg
ulate the Delivery of
Milk.
The Exempt Firemen Held Their An
nual Election of Officers Thurs-
day Night.
ALAMEDA, Cat,. Jan. 3.— Veterinary
Inspector Carpenter Is going to recommend
further regulations regarding the delivery
of milk in Alamcla. The bottle plan is in
vogue with milkmen, ana the inspector
knows of two cases of whooping cough
which he is convinced resulted from con
tagion carried by milk. The inspector
explains how easily it is to spread disease
by this method. An empty bottle from
which children with whooping cough or
other disease may have drunk is often
handled by the milkman, who imme
diately then-after handles a filled bottle.
He generally lifts them by the neck.
Germs from the empty bottle are thus car
ried to the filled one. The danger from
this source will probably be cuarded against
by more stringent reflations.
Exempt Firemen's Election.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 3.— The annual
meeting of the Exempt Firemen took
place Thursday night, with the following
result: President, P. W. Barton: vice
president, M. Gundlach; second vice-pres
ident, J. C. Murray; foreman, F. K.
Krauth; first assistant foreman, C. Sturm;
second assistant foreman. M. Hackett ;
i secretary, George H. Turner; treasurer'
i M. <;. Strong; directors, T. R. Hanson
■\\ . M. McKean, Henry Muller F X
Millington. W. G. Stah'l. The following
new members were elected; W. H. Clar
ence, John Beeanne, John Sorensen, W.
McKean August Anderson, J. F. Wood
rum, J. E. McKean. J. B. Lanktree and A.
R. Denke.
No Room for Outsiders.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 3.— The new City
Hall is very large and roomy and there
are two big apartments that it was thought
might not be put to any use just at pres
ent. With a knowledge of this fact the
constaoles have. tried to get them for their
courts. The constables are township and
not city offices. The city magistrate is the
Kecorder, who has fine court accommoda
tions in the basement. The vacant room will
all be in the second story, and the Board
of Municipal l'rustees has decided that it
is inadvisable to have a courtroom on that
floor and on general principles to have an
office not strictly a city office in the build
ing.
OAKLAND COUNTY.
First Efl'ort for a Consolidation Meets
With Opposition.
OAKLAND, CAL.,Jan. 3.— The Council
chamber was well tilled to-night with citi
zens from many parts of the county who
attended a called meeting to discuss the
advisability of consolidating a city and
county of Oakland. Mayor Davie wa9
r;i!ied to the chair and F. R. Porter of
Echoes explained the purpose of the meet
ing.
Tho call was signed by the president of
the Board of Trade and Merchants' Ex
change and by the otlicials of the seven
ol the city and many city and county
officials.
M. J. Keller, president of the Board of
Trade, Favored the proposition and so did
Audi!
County Assessor Dalton thought there
was too much ignorance legarding the
matter at this time and said that a com
mittee ought to be appointed to prepare
facts.
Columbus Bartlett ridiculed the idea and
said that Oakland had better follow Spn
Francisco's example and become a great
city before trying to become a city and
county.
James Ptanly of Mission San Jose pro
tested against being shut out. He said
that the law regarding the population of
a city and county could not be fulfilled
and hence the Bcheme was not feasible at
4 his time. A motion was passed consti
tutingall those who had signed the call
an executive committee to prepare data
and arrange for fut'iro progress
i'ue .* :,i,k;» UiMiiMi.trv Question.
It were well that the Alaska boundary
question should be settled. The negotia
tions over it ought to bo begun and com
pleted without any unnecessary delay.
The surveyors have done their work, arid
eyerythine is ready for the Commissioners
of the United States and England.— New
\ ork Sun.
The herd of buffalo in Austin Corbin'B
game preserve on Croydon Mountain, N.
J., now numbers fifty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
ARE ALL GRINDING AXES
The Mayor Says the Police De
partment Is in a Disgrace
ful State.
TALKING INSTEAD OF WORK.
McCloud's Rehearing Merely a Pretext
for the- Vent of Political
Malice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,[
90S Broadway, Jan. 3. \
The refusal of Mayor Davie to sit with
the Police Commissioners at the rehearing
of W. H. McCloud, who was dismissed
from the police force over a year ago, is
the talk of political circles at this time.
W. H. McClouJ was dismissed a year
ago by the last Board of Commissioners
after a hearing of several days. At that
time Louis Schaffer was Chief of Police
and what was termed "the gang" was in
office. Last March "the gang" was beaten
at the polls and Schaffer put out of office
in August.
As soon as Schaffer was out a crusade
was begun against his administration on
account of his preferring charges against
Officer Banks. As the affair stands at
present Banks is charged with bribery,
Schaffer with systematically blackmailing
Chinese lotteries, Detective Holland with
carrying the money to the ex-Chief, and
Be naffer has charged several other officers
with perjury.
Ex-Mayor I'ardee and several prominent
men have testified on behalf of McCloud,
and fin attempt has been made to induce
Justice Fred Henshaw of the Supreme
Court to give his testimony, but lie has
not yet appeared. Chief Lloyd lias signed
McCloud's petition to tie reinstated, and
this materially complicates matters. It is
apparent t: at the "rehearing" is simply a
safety-valve for the outpouring of much
political malice on both sides, and while it
is delectable to the lobby it is working
havoc to the efficiency and discipline of
the force.
"Before I refused to sit at the re he ar
i ing," said the Mayor to-day, "I looked into
McCloud's record, and found that he was
suspended three times and fined, and
finally dismissed.
"Thai convinced me that he was not
I pntitled to a rehearing. But apart from
McCloud's case there' is a principle in
, volved in the case that cannot be lightly
j passed over. ]am ashamed oi the i'olice
j Department as it is, and should this
I precedent of reinstating officers be es
j tabhshed we might as well do without the
j force at all. At the present time one-naif
I the department is enframed building fences
\ against the intrusions of the other half.
j \\ hile this is going on burglaries are being
I committed nightly within a few blocks of
the City Hall and highway robberies are
reported from ali parts of town.
If the precedent is set of a dismissed
ofheer getting a rehearing it means that
every time there is a new beard, which is
I every two years, the men who have been
j dismissed will come back and reasons be
I found for discharging others to make the
necessary vacancies.
'No real work is heing done by the
department at this time. A few 'drunks'
are brought in and a few poor fellows who
beg or who violate the sleeping-out
ordinance are arrested, but what real work
is being done in capturing the burglars or
car-robbers or footpads .'
'•This matter of frittering away the time
of oilicials by reopening old cases is a
serious matter. Piersnl i« city Attorney
as well as a Police Commissioner, and
while tie wastes his time over this kind of
work the Council votes iHQO for special
attorneys to defend the city in th> :
| over the Harrison-street opening. There
i is no merit to this investigation at all.
; Do you think Dr. I'ardee would waste his
', time sitting all day in the boardrooms
merely for the sake of seeing McCloud rc
i instated? He is actuated by far different
motives. This is a continuation of hist
j November and last March, and it is a dis
grace to all who have anything to do
with it."
STOCK BOUGHT SECRETLY
Purchasing the Berkeley Electric
Lighting Company
Scrip Incog.
Other Holders Fear That He Is Plot
ting to Secure a Hostile Con
trolling Influence.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 3.-There is
; wild consternation among some of the
j stockholders of the Berkeley Electric
| Lighting Company lest the individual or
| individuals who have been purchasing all
I the available stock o the company re
■ cently will secure the controlling interest
, ia the concern and inaugurate some rad-
I icai measures which will Ireeze out the
small shareholders. Their fears are all
the more strengthened by the fact that
the party who has been furnishing the
money for the purchase of the stock on
the market has kept his name from publi
cation. J. J. Mason, a Shattuck-avenue
real estate agent, who has never hitherto
been in any way connected with the light
ing company, hc3 ucted as the purchasing
agent for the unknown capitalist.
Though bis name will not be divulged, it
is given out that this mysterious person
airo represents a million or mon* dollars
and thnt he purposes getting hold of the
controlling interest In the stock with a
view to making extensive developments in
the plant. The shareholders say that this
means a heavy asj-esiment and consequent
freeze-out to some of them.
Thus far Mason has secured about two
fifths of the 10,000 shares of the corpora
tion, and is still reaching out for more.
The first large purchase ho made was tnat
of 1470 shares from J. George Gardner.
These shares went at a little over U
each, but those which he has recently pur
chased came at $3 apiece. Th"* f:lr the
following shares have been secured by Ma
son: J. Georsre Gardner. 1470; Busan A.
Judson, 834; Charles C. Juison, flftl; Theo
dore Wagner, 450; Dr. C. O'Toole, 60; Ida
Wagner, 50; George J. Wagner, 1«; Hugh
H. Dobbins. 300. "
An assessment of Si per share has been
levied on the stock of tho corporation
7000 shares of which will become delin
quent on next Tuesday. Al! stock upon
which the assessment has not been paid
will be sold then at public auction. W. K.
Topham, secretary of the company, stated
to-night that he believed the entire assess
ment would be paid between now and the
date of sale. The heaviest stockholder at
the present time save the unknown capi
talist is W. E. Sell, who owns 11(j0 shares.
The prevailing anxiety among the smaller
stockholders, who fear that they will be
frozen out by the reporicd millionaire
will be at least somewhat relieved next
Tuesday at the sale, when he comes for
ward to pay the assessment on his stock.
Postofflce lleinonil.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 3.— The Lorin
oostoffice will be removed on January (»
from its present location to the Baker
block on Alcatraz avenue, a short distance
west of Adeline street.
Within tho Mile Limit.
BEEKELEY. Tal., Jan. 3.— lt is rumored
that some of the illegitimate saloons witn
in the mile limit have reopened for busi
ness, and are dealing out their goods clan
destinely, notwithstanding the fact that
seven cases are in the courts for violation
of the mile-limit liquor law.
FIRED THROUGH THE BOOR.
Sunol'i Terror AVas a Member of a
Political Combination.
Oakland Office San Fkahcisoo Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 3. f
Thomas "Ward, the hotel man, who shot
Wine Hop, a Chinese, at Sunol, has had
his preliminary examination set for to
morrow.
It has been ascertained that Ward is an
ex-pugilist, and that before he went to
Sunol. six months ago, he was an active
member of the Burns political combina
tion in San Francisco.
THE INHERITANCE TAX
On Trial To-Day Before Judge
Coffey in the Stanford
Estate.
Senator McAllister Points Out Why
the Law Will Be of Great
Benefit.
The motion to tax the collateral heirs
to the Stanford estate under the new in
heritance tax law comes up again before
Judge Coffey to-day for further argument.
The case involves about $125,000, claimed
to be due from over twenty heirs. The
heirs are attacking the law, Claiming that
it is unconstitutional. Although the heirs
of a number of large estates have recog
nized the validity of the law and paid up,
others are awaiting Judge Coffey's deci
sion. ,
if the law is sustained it will mean a
large income to the State for the benefit of
the public schools.
Senator Elliott McAllister, the author of
the bill, was some time ago appointed to
look out for its interests as amicus curio?.
Russell Wilson suggested at the time that
it would be more appropriate as pater
legis — father of the law.
Senator McAllister, speaking of the law
yesterday, said:
'•You want to know just what it is and
the merits of the law ? Judging from the
arguments mad- recently, one would
imagine it a scheme on the part of the
Legislature to rob people without raying,
'by your leave.' The truth of the matter
is that this law represents tbe best possible
method of obtaining revenr.e for the State.
It accords itself more nearly to the true
principles of taxation than "any existing
law on the statute books to-day. It inter
feres less with individual effort than any
other mode except the polltax; but it has
the merit tnat is lacivin.; In Che iniquitous
pel. tax, the merit of being just, and of
pi-inp collected from those wno can best
bear it and at a time when it can best be
borne. Of course there are various theories
for sustaining this tax. And ritrlit here
let ran say that it is not to Op confused
with the income tax. It has, nothing to do
with sucii laws."
'What are tbe features of it?" was
asked.
"It requires the payment to the State of
6 per cent of the amount received by all
heirs and legatees excepting the children,
parents, husband or wife, and brother and
sister uf decedent. These are all exempted
from the payment of the tax. And if the
amount received by any of those subject
to the payment be less than $500, tnen that
too need not pay. In that way the ciiti
cism that such a law robs the widow and
orphan and those who may be directly de
pendent on the- decedent is met.
•'One of the best explanations of the
theory of the law is that it is a payment
for the benefit received from the State by
the beneficiary, just at, the time when the
property of the decedent lias no owner, the
state by its courts steps in and protects it
for the benefit of those entitled to the
property, whether they may be entitled
under a will of the deceased or under the
intestate laws of the State."
"But these exemptions, are they just?"
was asked.
"Certainly. The farther removed from
the decedent in relationship the greater is
the benefit of the protection a Horded by
the State. The Massachusetts law makes
the same exemption as our law does, and
in the recent decision of their Court of
Appeals the court said that these exemp
tions I. ft-! a sanction in reason, because the
moral Claim of collaterals and strangers is
less tl an that of kindred in the direct line,
and the privilege, therefore, is greater.
The court, you see, recognizes that the
legatee was paying for a privilege, exactly
as s person pays a license for the privilege
of conducting a business."
"You speak of Massachusetts— does the
law exist in other States?"
"Yes, indeed. The various Legislatures
are enacting them as fast as the sessions
come about; and if the Supreme Court in
any State knocks out the law as- unconsti
tutional the Legislature promptly submits
the matter to the people for a" constitu
tional amendment. You see, now and
then there is some peculiar constitutional
provision that renders the law invalid.
We expect to pull it through safely here.
"You can find an enumeration of the
statutes in the work of Dos Passes on 'In
heritance Tax Law.' The legislation has
been so rapid that a second edition of tnis
look became necessary, so as to Include
the new statutes and the decisions of the
courts.
"The money from this tax goes to the
school fund. Of course, the law has only
just commenced to make returns, lint the
revenue must in time become very large.
About $80,000,000 lias already been col
lected, and it is difficult to estimate just
what will l>e the returns. The large es
tates require two or three years to close,
and some time must necessarily pass be
fore payments can be expected.
■Tiie time may come when this method
of raising revenue will be at>]>reciably felt.
Think of the outrageous method that ex
ists at present. Our last tax rate is enough
to drive capita! from the Btate. As for this
law affecting capital, that is all nonsense.
No sane person ever heard of capital being
driven from a State because an inheritance
tax was on t lie statute books. And on the
Other hand many a real-estate dealer will
tell you about the effect ot the last tax
levy on capital.
"The objections raised by the Stanford
heirs are legal ones. They hope to show
that they sl.ould not pay because his
widow and hi^ brothers are exempt, and
that in this particular the act has not p.
uniform operation. But those upholding
the law believe that the act can be sus
tained in every particular and that the Su
preme Court's own decisions will sustain
the contention. Tnis view is also sus
tained by the c pinions of the courts in
other States. The Stanford heirs have
taken hope in the decision in New Hamp
snire that declared the act unconstitu
tional. But Mr. Dos PaiSOfl comments or.
that by declaring that decision to be in
conflict with every well-considered ad
judication upon this subject.
"Some refer to its novelty. Why, such
laws have existed in Germany, Austria,
Italy, France and England from the
earliest times. Political economists every
where recognize its justice. It would be a
Berioua mutter and greatly to be regretted
if this law should be declared unconstitu
tional, and it is to be hoped that to is
source of revenue willl not be cut off for
the future."
There are more than 300 communities in
the United States where at least one Hun
garian society exists.
THE TRANSFER IS GOOD.
Pacific Bank Property Belongs
to the People's
Home.
TWO DEEDS WERE EXECUTED.
Judge Seawell's Decision in the Suit
of Clinton Day and P.
F. Dundon.
Judge Seawell has decided the litigation
over the transfer of the Pacific Bank prop
erty to the People's Home S aving Bank in
favor of the People's Home. The action was
brought by Clinton Day against the Peo
ple's Home to set aside the absolute trans
fer and P. F. Dundon intervened in the
suit. Judge Seawell's decision upholds the
transfer.
The complaint alleged that on June 23,
1893, the Pacific Bank, in violation of its
trust toward its depositors, conveyed cer
tain real property to the People's Home
Savings Bank without any consideration,
the theory being that the Pacific Bank
held the property in trust for the benefit
of all its depositors and as a security to
them for the repayment of the amount of
their deposits. The action was brought to
subject the property to the same trusts
while in the hands of the savings bank as
incumbered it while in possession of the
Pacific Bank. It was prayed that the
property be declared to be held by the sav
ings bank in trust for the benefit of the de
positors of the Pacific Bank, and that a
receiver be appointed with power to sell
the property and distribute the proceeds
among the* Pacific Bank creditors, and
that the savings bank be compelled to
convey the property in question to the re
ceiver if he were appointed.
The action was commenced in Septem
ber, 1893. Early in December, 1895, a com
plaint in intervention was filed by P. F.
Dundon, also a depositor in tne Pacific
Bank, in which he alleged, in addition to
the charges made by Day, that the deed of
June 23, 1593, was intended to secure the
paymr . of certain indebtedness due by
the Pacific Rank to the savings bank and
that the savings bank was thereby made
a preferred creditor and the transaction
prevented a fair and ratable distribution
of tne assets of the bank among its de
positors. Dundon further alleged t.at
when the deed was executed a majority of
the stock of the Pacific Bank and of 'the
People's Home was owned by the same
persons, and that they simph conveyed
the property from themselves" as Pacific
Bank shareholders to themselves as Peo
ple's Hume stockholders; and furtner.
that on August 3, 1895, the Pacific Bank!
for the purpose of extinguishing the debt
which had before been merely secured,
executed a deed of absolute conveyance of
tue property formerly conveyed as security.
In rendering judgment, Judge Seawell
holds that the deed of June 2 •?, 1893, was
only a deed of security for an indebted
ness of over $200,000— in fact was merely a
mortgage. Proceedings were brought in
December, 1893, to foreclose this mortgage,
and in March, 1895, judgment was ren
dered in favor of the savings bank to the
effect that the deed was really a mortgage
to secure the payment ot $219,448 20, and
that the property be sold to satisfy the
mortgage.
The deed of August 3, 1893, the court
continues, was executed ior the purpose of
satisfying this judgment, ami also in order
to settle all the differences between the
two banks, although at the time of the
last deed the value of the property was
much less than the judgment" sought to be
satisfied. In iiis opinion Judge Seawell
says :
Assuming tbat Hie Pacific Bank, upon its in- j
solvency, lieUl said real property, as well as all ;
its other assets, as a trust fund for the payment
oi iis depositor! pro ra a, the entire title to the
ty was nevertheless vested in toe bank
subject to the execution ot the trust. The deed
of June, 1893, being merely a mortgage, did
not pass to the savings bank the title to the
property, aiid it did not acquire any esta.e
which could be a basis for the enforcement of
tij' 1 alleged tru«t. The Pacific i'.aiiK, alter me
execution oi mat deed, still continued to be
the owner of the property, and could only be
divested of it by foreclosure and sale, ti In
this action a receiver should be appointed, as
prayed by plaintiff, a deed executed by him
by the savings bank would pass no title, r.nd a
sale by the receiver would be an idle proceed
ing.
'lhe Pacific Bank is the proper party to bring
an action affecting its title tq property. Parti
cularly is this the case where the bank is as
here in liquidation under the Bank Commis
sioners' acr. Assuming that the complaint
states a pause of action against the savings
bank, iiis one existing in favor of the Pacific
Bank as trustee lor us creditors and stock
holder!. No roasou is alleged or shown.why
this action should have been commenced by a
depositor.
'lnc only contingency In which a de
positor could, if at all, maintain an
action of this character, would be
where the directors after demand made
upon them by :i depositor, refused to bring it,
re a majority of the directors then in
office iiad participated in the alleged wrong
doing. In all cases where a ca.se of action is as
serted by a depositor or n stockholder of a
banking corporation In favor of anch corpora
tion, the latter is a necessary and indispens
able party. When made a deietidant because
the directors refuse to bring the suit, it is
nevertheless the real plaintiff. Any litigation
Involving the validity of the mortgage] '>■
which tiii- Pacific fsanu was not a party, would
be idle and fruitless. No judgment "in this
action could afford the savings bank any re-,
lit ■', neither woulda judgment in favor of the
latter bind the Pacific Hank. This is not mere
ly r non-joinder of parties which are involved
by a failure to plead it.
in a proper case It would be the duly of the
court to or.. er the omitted— necessary— parties
to be brought in. Such a-course would not be
proper here, for the reasons that the deed of
.nine, IH9U, was merely mortgage, and that
since the action was commenced the I'aciiic
Bnnk bus become estopped to deny the valid
ity of the mortgage, ii answer was now made
that the Pacific Bank be made a parly defend
ant it would take effect us ol this date, and
would not relate back to the commencement
oi the action.
The complaint in intervention oi Dundon
was hied after the entry of judgment in the
foreclosure suit. The depositors ol the Pacific
Ilnnk were not necessary or proper parties to
tbat action, and, as there ia iu> allegation that
the judgment was procured by collusion or
irain;, they, tea we;l as the stockholders of the
l'n< it;c Bank, are estopped from denying the
validity o; tne mortgage or the indebtedness
adjudged to be secured thereby. The amount
oi the mortgage debt being largely in excess ot
the vulue ol me .property mortgaged, the de
positors of the I'Rcitic Bank have no reason to
complain tnat they executed a deed oi the
property to the .savings bnnk in satisfaction of
the judgment, and thereby not only saved the
expenses oi a Sheriff's sale, but also settled ali
other differences between the two banks.
I have not deemed it necessary to express
nny opinion upon the other questions dis
cussed by counsel. 1 tind, however, that at tiie
date ot the deed of June, 1893, the Pacilic
Banic was insolvent and the savings bank had
notice of such insolvency.
Judgment for defendant.
EEAL ESTATE TEAtfSACTIONS.
W iliiam T. Garratt Jr. to Sadie L. Garruttflot
on 3 Hue of Broadway, 60 X of Laguna street, X
27:<5 l>y s 112:6; mft.
William hch-.varke to Fred A. Kuhls, lot on W
lino of Broderlck street, 127:6 R of Tonnuln, S 30
by \V 70:9; *f>.
Veronica O.JJaird and Ebenezer Bcott (trustee*
of estate or John H. Hairrt) to Xl:» Uutcil, lot on 8
line of HaiKlu street, 112:6 Hi of .Masonic avenue
X 25 by 8 137:6: 810.
Forrest B, ancl Ktlie L. Rowley to Llllie C. and
Mux J. M(rtn<3, lot on E line of Belvedere street.
83!(:9 S of Waller, s Vis by E LS1:1O)£; if 10.
lailleC. and Max J.Mertens to IVter iJ. Smith,
same; $10. ■
John Coop and James W. Pmith lo Edwin P.
Iliilmc lot un KE corner of t'rt-dericK and Belve
flere streets, X 25 by S 100: $10.
William C. and i.yilia K. Woodman to Ulaus
Spreckols, lot on NW corner of Sixteentli and Snot
well streets. \V Vl9 by .\ 110; »io.
Tliomas and Julia Rourko (by 8. Cl Bigelow and
A. A. Smith, trustees,) to Christopher A. Buckley,
lot on B line of Liirkin strt-ct, 62:6 s of Greenwich,
B 26 by X 87:6, trustees deed: $700. ■
Katy AruouptoMary Coiieblln, lot on X line of
liQrkiu street, 46:10 N of Filbert, N 22:8 by X 90;
B^lo- ■ " ' ' - ..
Kstate of Thomas l.arkin (by Martin ODea
ixecntorj to Joseph McKvoy, lot ou NE line of
Ninth street. 37:6 SF, of Stevenson, 8E 37-6 by
NE 75; $27,300.
ALAMEDA COUXTY.
Eugene and Mary A. Wllcox to Helen E. Hugh
son. loc on S line of Francis:o street, 161:6 E of
Grove, E 35:6 by s 135, being the E 10 feet of lot
13 and W 28:6 of 10l 12, block B, Janes Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
S. ('. and Josie l.ongwell to ,T. H. Edson. lot on
XE line of Olive street, 220 SE of Warner avenue,
NKISO.SE 78.27. SW 153.1t), XW 43.8.S to be
giKnim;. lot 6, block 31, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
J. H. Edson to Oscar Xi. Knowles, same; war
ranty deed; .flO.
Mary Kar.e to E. A. Harris, lot on NW corner of
Fecond ann Harrison streets, W 74 by N 95. heing
portion of lo:s 19 to 22, block 16. Oakland; $5.
Charles I. and Hat'ic M. Kern to Peter Rotber
mel, lot on SW line of P> arl and liuby streets. W
110, 35, E 111.0-1, X 35.16 to beginning, lot 58
and N 10 feet of lot 57, map of the American In
vestment Union Tract No. 1, subject to mortgage
for $-201)0. Oakland; $10. \
John F. and Mascie A. Byxbee to Jackson G.
Crooks, lot on X\V corner of Xlneteenth avenue
a:ul East Seventeenth street. N 40 by W 130,
block 41, San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
J. G. and Florence A.Crooks to Citizens' Building
and Loan Association of .San Francisco, same; ¥10.
Citizens' Building and Jjoan Association of San
Francisco to Jackson G. Crooks, same: $10.
W. A. Knowles to David N. Knowles, lots 20 and
21. block I, Broadway Terrrac'e, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to William
A. Sutherland, lot 180 in plot 12, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; 438.
Edward E. (and as attorney) and Susan Potter
(by attorney) to Elizabeth iJonneliy, lot 28, map
Of the Potter Tract, Berkeley; $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Pinney to Paul Schlotzhauer,
lotouSE. corner of HopKlns street and Hostou
avenue, s 53:7 hy E 130, lots 33 and 34, block E,
map of subdivision of a portion of blocks I, A. E
and F, revised map of Prospect Hill Tract ; Brook
lyn Township: $475.
Crescencia Delgado to Francisco Fernandez, lots
1, 2 and 3, block 42, Northern Addition to Liver
more, Murray Township: $450.
Theodore J. Fish to Edraond C. Lyon, lot 89, Pa
citlc Theological Seminary Tract, sub't-ct to mort
gage for 9 600, Oakland; $10.
F. and Lina.M. (ary to Mary Surryhue (wife
of Isaac), lot on N line of Fourth street, 75 E of
Madison, E 26 by N 100, lot 28. block 129, Oak
land; $10.
Thomas A. Leiijhton to Louisa R. Cunningham,
lot commencing at a point 200 N from the corner
of Thirty-fourth and Adeline streets, W 123:3 by
X 100, lot 10, block 6SI, Watts Tract, Oak
land; $5.
John and Emma Woods to Ppter Thomson, lot
on W Jine of Franklin street, 143.04 N of Delger,
NE 50, NW 91.39, SW '25.30, SW 25.77, SE
100.22 to beginning, Oakland; *10.
V. 11. Alerca f and W. G. Henshaw to Luceba E.
Agard, iot on E line of Peralta avenue. 2(54.23 N of
tne oid county road, No. 708, N 105 by E 120, be-
Ing lots 51, 52 and 53, Fruitvale Wen; also lot on
E line of Bray avenue, 130 N of the old county
road. No. 708, tbeuce N 110. E 128, 8 W 103.32,
BW 31.10, W 69.55 to beginning-, being lot 70 and
8 40 feet of lot 69, Fruitvale Glen, Brooklyn Tuwu
ship; $10.
Builder's Contraot.
Jacob FvOsenberg with R. Zelensky, painting,
varnishing, etc., tor two tnree-siory frame build-
Ings on S line of Sacramento street, between Web
ster and BO£h»O&n ; 1 300.
JOAQUIN MILLER'S VIEWS
He Reads a Paper On Illustration
Before Partington's
Students.
The New Year's Entertainment Among
Young Picture-Makers a Com-
plete Success.
The New Year's entertainment of Part
ington's School of Illustration held last
night at the studio on Pine street was a
successful and entertaining affair.
Leading society people were present and
Colonel John P. Irish acted as master of
ceremonies in Itia happy and interesting
way. The apartments occupied by Mr.
Partington's pupils were tastefully deco
rated with exotic plants, while drapings
and rows of statuary graced the sides of
the main hall.
The programme consisted of varied fea
tures, all of which Avere received with
applause. Those who were expected to do
something clever put their whole soul into
the effort and the resalt was something
out of the ordinary. Joaquin Miller's
paper on "The First Book and the Last"
wus characteristic of the poet.and although
he held t;:e platform lor some time, ihe
reading was brightened by well-placed
anecdotes, toid as -Mr. Miller can tell such
tules.
lie we went on to prove in his argument
that the last of man's books will De a book
ot pictures. "The first of man's books,"
said he, "was all in pictures, pictures of
long-armed kin^s, birds ot prey, horses in
battle harness, bows and arrows, chariots
of war, etc. Let 5000 years oi llame and
flood roil over this continent and what
would we have left? Only a few pictures
on an obelisk in New York, two in Lon
don, three in Paris, a dozen in Koine and
a few dozen in Egypi, and a few crude
stone pictures by the Toltecs and their
conquerors, tne Aztects."
He continued to recall the history of the
world that, to-day is told on the stone
monuments that are still standing all over
the face of the earth. He came down to
modern times and continued:
"Really, no man can count himself
equipped for the iield of letters who does
not write in pictures quite as readily as in
syllables. When I was last the guest of Mark
Twain at Hartford I found Him busy at
work learning to make pictures with his
pencil. M*. William?, who illustrated his
"Innocence Aoroad." told me while try- I
urn to give me lessons, that Mark Twain
now makes all his own pictures although
he began learning only after he was gray
headed. lam told that Bill Nye began to
make those truthful pictures of himself
after he was gray-heaved— not only after
he was giay-neaded out after he lost every !
gray hair out of Ij is head. And we can
well believe from his pictures that ne be
gan making them not only after he had
lost every gray hair, but a good deal of
the sray matter out of it also. Seriously,
beyond the superficial illustrations of what j
may be written, in pictures lies the deeper
language — the great sea of sentiment, love, I
and hate and despair, faith and hope and
charity; pictures of the heart, pictures
that will be at times wet with tears."
There were lew arguments in favor of
pictures that .Mr. Miller overlooked and
lie showad that he was familiar with his
subject.
Following is the full programme:
Trio, violin, 'c-.-Uo and piano. Miss Blanche
Parting ton, H. J. Bruenn anil Lovel Langstroth;
cong, Miss Dor a Goodsell j address, "The First
Books and Last,' 1 Joaquin Miller; violin solo,
J. Otto Hunieke; recitation, \V. Robinson; trio,
violin, 'cello and piano, Miss I'tirtingion, Mr.
Bruenn and Mr. Laugsiroth; song. Miss Dura
(iooUsell; recitation.
Mr. Partington, assisted by his son Rich
ard, who is one of San I'iancisco's best
illustrators, together with Miss Gertrude
Partington, received the guests and made
everybody feel at home.
PAINTED SPAHKOWS.
Sold as Singing Birds by Chicago
Swindlers.
There is a peculiar industry which is de
veloping in Chicago. It is the painting or
dyeing of the plumage of that little pest
known as the English sparrow in colors
like the canary. The painted sparrows are
readily disposed of to the innocent house
wife, who believes that the chirp of a song
bird will make the home more cheerful,
and who readily parts with the last of her
pin money to purchase one of these little
importers. This industry has long been
established in England.
The business has peculiar advantages, as
there are few people who cannot be taken
in by these artistic fakira, for the sparrow
is not unlike the canary in size or frame,
and then the material is always at hand
for the catching. Of course there is an
outlay for paints and dyes, but even con
sidering this, the birds can bn sold for less
money than the imported Hartz Mountain
or St. Andresburg canary. If, howev r,
the purchaser has decided "that he or she
must have a German coldtinch. one can be
furnished for even a less price than a
kilter. If a bird that will bing on demand
ia wanted, the vendor explains that at the
present time he has nothing but younu
ones. But he does not fail to explain that
even the mother bird was a wonderful
singer, and that the male could not be
purchased for any price.— Chicago Times-
Herald.
THE BUCKLEY PRIMARY.
It Is Near at Hand, and Prepara
tions Are Very Hot and
Lively.
CHRIS ATTENDS A COUNCIL.
The Junta Waits on the Supreme
Court and Figures on the State
Convention.
The intensity of the preparations for
the Buckley Democratic primary increases
as the lltli inst., the date of the election,
nears.
The Buckley faction with its enrollment
of 12,000 is going ahead with complete «li>
regard of the quiescent Junta, and no im
portant talk of compromise is heard. 8n h
talk and effort will soon be revived,
though, as the situation becomes changed
as it very soon will, by the primary elec
tions, and especially by the expected
Supreme Court decision on the new Elec
tion Commission.
The Buckley primary committee of
twenty-live is nightly busy now. Last
night two district rows gave the com
mittee some special work and crowded the
committee rooms with contesting delega
tions. These and other things calling
for the judicious "advice" of a master
brought 'Chris Buckley himself to the
meeting. He, of cour*°, merely "advised
his friends" and encouraged them in the
interest of Democracy.
Out in the Thirtv-flfth District there is a
fierce battle on between two factions, each
of which wants to gain control of the dis
trict. The redoubtable Colonel O' Byrne
leads one fact'on and Lawrence Dolan, now
president of the district club, heads the
other. It is said that a fcjenatorship looms
up dimly in the distance to explain the
rivalry. Each Bide worked hard during
the enrollment, and each charges the other
with Btnfflng. Each side has put ud a
ticket for the primary, and the two factions
disagree so fiercely that last night the
primary committee appointed a special
committee ol three, with James H. O'Brien
as chairman, to take charge of tne rolls and
of the election.
Another iierre contest is on in the
Thirty-second District. It is an old one
revived. Ex - Supervisor P. F. Dundon
and his friends are on one side, and George
Me Kirov, Alex Greggains antl others bead
the other faction. The primary commit
tee has yet given no orders concerning
this contest. There are other factional
contests, but they will probably be peace
ably settled at the primary.
The primary committee ordered last
night that the various district delegations
to tlie ge i ral committee should meet on
next Monday evening and choose eiection
officers in accordance with the require
ments of the constitution. From these
two factions the majority shall choose
three election officers and the minority
three.
The Junta will not make a move until
the Supreme Court decision in the Elec
tion Commission contest is announced. If
tiie new Commission is sustained, the
Junta primary is expected to go right
ahead under the adopted plan of having
the commission voluntary choose the pri
mary election officers. As these rival pri
maries are simply for the election of rival
general committees and not for the elec
tion of convention delegates, the new pri
mary law cuts no figure. If the present
Election Commission is knocked out, the
Junta will probably have its primary com
mittee appoint election oth'cers and go
ahead.
The principal hearinc: of the decision all
are waiting for lies in tiie indication it will
nive of whether or not the new primary
law would be upheld by the Snprema
Court. If the new primary law operates
and delegates to the State and municipal
conventions are elected under it the pres
ent rival primaries will amount to notti
ing. in that case the Buckley and anti-
Buckley factions must go to one election
and test their strength. There can be no
contesting delegations to the State con
vention and no rival municipal conven
tions. If the primary law rioe3 not hold
these things will occur unless a compromise
is effected. There is a vague expecta
tion that the primary law will be tested,
but no one has announced a purpose to do
it. So all factions arc waiting and making
strong their positions in the event that
things go according to the old methods.
Ihe Junta leaders are figuring on a big
advantage in the State convention if the
I primary law fail 3 and contesting delega
tions follow another net of rival primaries.
i They count first on the friendship of Chair
-1 man (jould, who is expected to officially
recognize the Junta as the regular Dany
organization by issuing to it the call for a
primary. Then he is expected to further
recognize them by putting their delega
tion of 140 on the temporary roll. That
would give them the ability to elect a
friendly chairman who would appoint a
! friendly committee on credentials. Th»>
i contesting Buc.Kley delegation, however
strong and well bacKeil, could have noth
[ ing to say until the committee on creden
tials had reported. Then the fight would
begin with a large prestige on the side of
the anti-Buckleyites. But the Buekley
ites laugh confidently at all those expec
'■ tations.
j NEW TO-DAY.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet-
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas-
ant to the taste, the rerreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax-
ative; effectually cleansing the system
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession because it acts on the Kid-
! neys. Liver and Bowels without weak-
| ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs ia for sale by all drug-
gists in 50c and Si bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
| and being well informed, you will no*
| accept any substitute if offerea.
1314
HARD TO PICK AS USUAL.
Fields Without Much Class
Caused the Talent to Grow
Gray Hairs.
TWO FIRST CHOICES IN FRONT.
G. B. Morris Gave the Elmwood Stock
Farm Pair. Claudius and Sir
Walter, a Race.
With the exception of the mile and a
quarter handicap tl.e racing at the Bay
District truck yesterday was utterly devoid
elds were of the rambling,
scrambling, gambling sort, and the public
reposed but slight continence in the favor
ites.
Tbe attendance was good, though the I
belting was very tame. Of the tive iirst :
choices sent to the post two were returned
winn< rs.
Barney Sckrieber's filly, Winnie I, was
made favorite over herlield in the opening
short six-furlong dash and managed to
scratch in third. Salisbury, the second ;
n "THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pighih Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
■-• Fast. Bay District Track, ian Francisco, Friday, January 3, 1896.
1^-> FIRST RACE— About six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds; penalties; purse $300.
Index. Horse and weight. 1st.!
Vi
Vx
%
Str.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
474 Unity 109 1 21-3 lh
'Perseus 114 4 41., 62
(471) 'Minnie II 109 2 5 1 •> 6 _
301 1-.' Primero 112 6 7% 7 y»
353 Jack Atkins 109 7 61 4 h"
452 I Prince Hooker.... 112 3 lh 3 1
464|LorenaII 107 8 8 8
(464), Salisbury II 112 5 3 1 „ 21
1 1/2
3 2
4 y,
5 1/3
6 „
1
8
2%
1 h W. Flynn
24 Coadv
3 y 3 J. Chorn
4 1 M. Bergen
5 3 1 Hennessv
« 14 Cleary
74-- 11. Martin i
8 . I Donnelly
6 7
4 15
5-2 11-5
4 5
8 10
30 30
30 75
I 2-^8
Good start. Won driving.
Winner, L. Esell's ch. g., by imp. Rosslngton-Unite.
Time, 1:1314.
Is I SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; light welter-weights; penalties; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. Jst. |
Vi
•A
Fin. I
Joctteys.
I Betting .
I Op. CI.
4 77 Morven, 5 128 6 61 63 52 43
447 I Pearson, 3 108 111 11 1 y, 11
'479 . BilIyMcCloskeyS.108 7 8 3 73 6 10 5 10
44, Crawford, 6 123 3 41 4h 4 1';. 3',
449 Hanford, 4 120 6 5 1 52 2 X_ 2U
240 LnrinneB, a.. 121 8 94 96 9 '" i 8
467 jJim Corhett, 5....123 10 10 10 it) 10
203 Artemus.4 120' 9 71 84 8 9
452 San 1 arena, 3 105| 2 22 214 3h 6
461 ; Bernardo, a ... 128 4 3y 2 | 31 73 I 7
11 E. -Slaughter | 2 3
2 3 J. Chorn I 4 5-2
3h L. Lloyd 20 12
4 4 'Hennessey I 6 8
5 6 Doggett..*. 6 8
6 10 Glover 30 "60
7 6 McDonald 60 ' 200
8 20 Shaw 3 j (jo
9 6 Macklin 15 SO
10 la'.lard ! 3 7-2
Good start. Won cleverly. Winner, White _ Clarke's b. g., by imp. Cheviot-Lurline. At post 18
mules. Time, 1:29 _• .tr***t.o
4Q~ THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap for all ages; purse $500.
Index.] Horse, age, weight. I St. j Std.
1 I I
Index. Horse, age, weight. I St. I Std. j 1/4 I _ 34
1 1 ! '
469 Claudius, 5 110 4 4 31 32 34
3'.'9 : Morris, 4.... 95 3:13 1 iA lh lh
56 Sir Walter, a. 85 1 :2h 2 1" 22 22
140 Del Norte. 5 102 2 3 ly. -I 4 14
Str. j
Fin. !
I Betting.
I Op. CI.
3.4
1 1
2 2
4
In Doggett
21/2 T. Sloan
38 Hewitt
4 ',->.-■ Piggott
1-2
4
*
I 4
2-5
7-2
*
7
Hood start. Won cleverly.
Time. 2:041 2 .
•Coupled with Claudius.
Winner, Llmwood stock farms b. h., by imp. Brutus-Swayback.
48ft FOCRTHBACE — One mile: three-year-olds and up; conditions; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight, St. I
V*
! Str.
469 Santiago, a 114 7 514 ! 411.3 4 1 21
467 Polaskl, 5 1031 8 : 72 | 62 62 j 32 I
475 Heartsease. 3 f-3| 1 24 lh 1 1A lV 5 \
470 Raindrop, a 109 6 33 3 _ 3h I 6 V. !
470 j Imp. Ivy, 6 97 1 5 61 : 71 71 7 '
459 I Myron, 4 S6t 2 HA 2 3 I _ 1 _ ' 4 2 i
435 ; Ike 1,4 105 4 1 42 5h | 5h 6
.474 1 Lucrezia Borgia, 3 95. 3 8 8 | 8 8
I 1 2 1 Doggett
I 26 R. Isom
3 1 C. Slaughter.....
4 i/2 ! Cochran
1 6 2 ; Peoples
: 6 3 1 Rowan
i 7 10 Piggott
I 8 T. Sloan j
3-2
4
6
8
6
20
10
I 4
2
5
7
20
13 2
60
15
9-2
start.
on easily. Winner, Santa Anita stable's b.b., by Grinstead-CIara D. Time, 1:42.
487. MOO 111 KACE_Six furlon 8s; three-year-olds and upward: conditions: allowances: purse
Index. Horse, age, weight.
st.
% I Str. I Fin.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
477 (Mainstay, 4 106' 4 I
477 McLight, 5 106 1
459 ; SeaSprav, 4 103 2
459 Catch 'Em 5 97 5
443 YoElRey,5 100 10
Imp.Utter.a ... 97 6
400 Remus. 5 106 3 i
362 ill Baba. 5 100 7
441 Kathleen, a 95 9 ...
477 Quirt, 5 95 8
470 Minnie T, a 95 lei.
1 h
4 h
2 1
10 *
10
6 1
7 %
9
8
32
1 3
3%
2 1/2
10 *
10
1/2
7
9
5%
." I
13
33
2 1.4
4 3
7
6*
8 I
9
52
10
lh Macklin
2 1 J. Chorn........
32 R. Isom
4 3 C. Slaughter
5 1 H. Martin
6 i a i Peoples
I 7 3 T.Sloan
i 8 10 Prvee
j9 5. J. Brown
1 10 Rowan
Manning
4 7
7-10 7-10
50 50
20 20
20 7
50 12
6 6
50 25
50 160
1 6 ■•-.■.. 30
50 150
I. .:.:... I
I I
Poor start.
Time. 1:14.
Avon driving.
Winner, Elkton stable's ch. h., by Imp. Mariner-Queen Emma.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Bay District Track.
difitarc^are hfre the hOrses have DO record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
Abbreviations—F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden three : year-olds.
ndex .1
Name.
I I Best j
i Lbs j record. Dist.
I Lbs Tk.
■'"-. ( :;°, b^ 104 norec B. Schreiber Imp. Keene-Pinky
15? w"r& - "'!" 0 ""' W.D.Randall Iran. Inverness-Affinity
'.'I ; V h ' «- ;?"""■' .W.O-B Macdonough Apache-Flora Y
lfi« :T^f^ en A' 1 " 1 ""'' Santa Anita stable Emperor Norfolk-La Cienga
471 il alfer \\tr ln« r "'' 2' Narva^ Sobrante-Queen High *
1-1 v^S n,;;i: ilO'Uorec Sycamore stable.. Apache-Narcola
!r^_w«? ™" iAH: norec D. Bridges Imp. Ccnveth-Brunova
Clara Walson... 102, ? re. :::::::: : " : :: " Wilson A Gil lis Im.i. Sir Modred-Bedotte
10- Mmi-'^d \ C {:, noT: ° J.C.Humphrey.. . s;. 'saviour Diana "
JS« M, v ,r V nr 'i, } T " r ' reC B.C. Hoilv Mon ana-Fusillade's Last
46R m h' V'"" 0 ' 11 ,V- n " r " c Bnrns-Wwrhoase Day Star- Miss McGregor
4bb MabelL. , o, no rec HanClemente stable 3_Uor Ban- Acquitc
47 Colleen Bawn... ! O-norec. R. Roberts...... Imp. o' th Wools- athpBelle
111 ' *;^ ,0 i 9 no rec K. W.Roberts Imp. Brnws-by Kelpie
mi„t'„™ ?m-, n " r eC ■ I M.T.Donovan Linden-Ell See Ess
|_1_1___ 102 norec I .... | | II. Floyd Red .ron-Mollie Walker
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs: all ages; 12 pound s above the scale; allowances.
I
Index. I
Name.
j Lbs j record. Dist. Lbs Tk. j
i
i
Owner.
Pedigree.
(13m!uncle n 121 l*<* I?? iSSi&'-'te ncI ".° ■"_!•-• »«_ Brutus-Viola Re.
41 Comrade 111 lM*- m« lin« £*- r 7 ada ■**"••— El Rio Hetiiellumphv
.'• |k__SS?:-:::-:-::-. 113 l - 1 _' i _ pike 106 F... C. Spooner I vrant- blithesome
*«« T m?Aa U r a er8 il 1^ Ft.erse 105 F... L. Kr.e'l BlazS-SIiss H_f
484 ',•".! lTo 1 _»_! -V- ' _] _,"- -,"'.' --—Rath bone-Miss Melbourne
475 Marionette Ill Ll?v III im £". Call^lastable .Imp. Kyle »aIy-Visalta
(4821 ■'■'" rl " ill 1-08 ll R_ . Pqi *- 1 Ing.eside stable., imp. Marin. r-Maranette
(■>&-), t.it.% <,in 111 108 '2 51 '« f I 91 F-|T. Fox \ Imp. Trade Wind- Mistletoe
THIRD RACE-One mile; yominery Sec handicap. Value $1500 to the winner.
Index.
Name.
| Deft I
I Lbs record.
Dist. ILbsjTk ;
Dist Lbs Tk
Owner.
f47o\ Rosebud 6 Mr! ,_?_ I? f 110 12" I Burns* 'atrhonse Hayden Kd«'ds- Amelia P
( , l ! , '"''' 9. l:41V2 lm 105 F... Burns _ Watrhouse yfaat-Rossmarv
*" .»;n.n,- 119 1:441- 1 ,,. 115 H.. J. G. BrOWH A CO . I.er.n. U.s l-'aleise 3
4 o V'nt- imii:lS* m fiZZ- $»"»«**£"*• J^SuJi_S«i_-on
(4511 Roma? ino 1_2 } .„ 42 E" g niwood St k farm. Imp. Rrutus-Mollie H
1 l| giefeie::-: & ;l^ i-Ws 5581?:-: B *«S::::::: !1»sfe^„nh P
4,b [Oregon hclipse.Uuujl :43 1 m 107 Pa. J Bobbins Joe Hooker-Lulu KlJJ," P
FOURTH RACE— course; steeplechase: selling.
i.
Index. I
j I Kest i i r i — • :
nde *- ' am '- 1 Lbs record. Dist. LbsjTk. Owner. Pedigree.
i Sm^;;;;liiii''' if' W& FSf^ «^pr^
Iff &_r_i_ JgisSfe ,-■ •• S : jW^:^^,!Sr B
457 Ad-am-*::.::; 13 L 1V * m .. liJ0 l ri - *• Farrar _, jr^SLSS"
457 But 0 -Ublo"-' l«o uorec - - W. Stewart Kl Rio Rey-Ogafena
367 BiU?H.- " -' 141 ■ •••• Joe HookcV-OxlIIa
407 >,„,,, Knong.,::: 13* 2-i8% i%«" i2o p:: D. r A.H m ong.::::::: Stt^ 11 ™
: 7 RohnS il 2%?5 n «_ r_i «• Park stnWr - *» -« ! '-«K
4"7 Alexis i'« ■;: - A !}i/ fara J^ '-!•■ ! -''" in ••••• Ctobson-Greenleal
_ ___ | A lex is |146|3jij iiy 2 m 130lF... | Garden City stable A rgyie-Fri. _
Name.
Owner.
FTH RACE— and one-sixteenth miles; selling: all axes
Index, j
I I Best I | i j
Lbs] record. Dist. LhsJTk.
Ovvner.
470 iMI^GarVl'n OS i'-49a>' T«"" "«_ L" : I?- - v chrelber.... ; Ben All-Hidalga
475 C!ar_ Johnson.-.-:: 83 Me* 4&f lutiF " _ --^__*25- ?i„T ***"»:§•»*• Hampton
47* Elsie 83 tew 4_l i"?'*--. pi. Johnson hi Rio l:,.. -Valerie
47" jverno'n 100 1- 9 % si 5 oT — «,_ '"' , ' - - relloweharm-ElsieS.
4'.3 Suffrage' *' ■«" : 56iA 5£? f f 2i V - i Westchester stbPowbattan-Verna
4<" "tl ... 100 1:42% lm .],, • '' H . ;, , '' -;-. Argyle-Glen orh
463 Navy llhii- 106 1:47> 4 " In R H "lSd_l___f^ SY rtn _?" D _"* _
473 Montalvo 108 1 :34 7, 102 if J Cochran "yon d'jir-HIandana
.«,|gft:::-:": __^ .'-Vi glgfeSSSg^JBsBP
SIXTH RACE— six furlongs; selling.
Ir.dex.
Name.
I i B si I I
Lbs record Dist. I Lbs Tk.
1
I
(S891I Wheel of Fortce 95 1:27% 7f 105 1'.. J. . Harvev
i:-55. Jennie 5 1:15 lit 11,7 P.. |C. J. Sanders "
481 jfiodBu? 9-.' 1:08" 4 5y. f 120 1 I -.. L'.llunt™
(477) D-nargilla . . 103!l:12V4| *6 1 HI F... G. E. >miih
481 Emma D B0,l:16Mi (it 109' II.. I . oolman".'""
461 sir Hoard 10111:131.4! 6f 96'F.. F.M.Taylor
(461l!clacquer....r. .. 95jl :12Vil *6 1 I12jF... H. Taylor "
,-■_■ li ... Autonomy 91 ... C. Bui'lingarre..:::'
178 iravi:r4 111 *6 88 ! F... ; Pueblo stable ..
;s;0 Hymn 97|1:14 81 104 i'.. L. Lloyd...
467 Ad. 11 9711:10 61A, 1 91 Fa. I Westchester stable
,31 l< bartreusell... 101 1:18 6f | 99 if. Macdor.oua-h
401 Tin Murphy.... b'7jl:Otiy 2 5^ lilOa F... White & Clarke I
389 Fly 94 1:001/2! 5f 101 f... ilk 01 stable ""
458 ,10111.1 ]102|l:06„i &yj f^lliF...! Wax. BlOOmte U'h
Gano-Jennie B
Ilun-Feijcitie
irg-Mollte s
i 'n-i.-.d.-ua-Klxinore
Jack Brady-Dollv Varden
Srralfrfl or ip.Uhlan-Victrss
Ihree Ch en-Bel <- of Lake
Senator .-tanford-Frama
WUdidle-Wny No
Hlmyar-Unn B
1 i'owhaaan-W'aitindoo
jimp, chevlo.-lmp. Zara
Imp. Kvrle Dal v-m aggie R
Reveilie-Fusillade'sLast
I Longrellow-Salara
choice, was in fr>nt for a furlong when
Louis Ezell's Unity showed in front. a"d in
a drive through tbe stretch with Perseus
won at the wiro by a nose. The winner
was at one time as good as 12 to 1 in the
belting, closing at sevens.
Ten starters in the seven furlong run,
with liglit welter-weights up, furnished a
fair betting contest. Again did Barney
Schrieberfiirnish a favorite— his colt Pear
son closing a 2% to 1 favorite. Warren
and Bernardo both closed at threes for sec
ond place honors. The favorite was in
front until within a sixteenth from the
wire, when Morven came along on the
outside and won easily by a length. Billy
McOloskey took the place by a head in a
drive iruin Crawford.
There were bin four starters in the mile
and a quarter handicap, two of them —
Claudius and Sir Walter — carrying the
Elm wood stock farm cuiors. Two to tive
was laid against the stable, with G. B.
Morris a fairly well backed second choice.
Del Norte did not command much back
ing, not having been out in some lime.
Morris vent out in front at flag-fnll
with Bir Walter, keeping him close com
pany. He held his lead until well on
toward the finishing post, and it looked at
one time as Lhoueh he would prove the
winner. Claudius responded to Doggeit's
utging the last furlong and won at the
wire by halt a length. Sir Walter, who
had but a feather on his back, was a close
third.
Opening at 8 to 5 for the mile dnsh, San
tiago receded in the betting to twos, and
after looking beaten at one stage of the
running, wont around his Held on the far
turn and won, ea'-ed up from Polaski by
two lengths. Heartsease, who made a
creditable showing, rinished third.
The uneven-running McLight com
manded rirst call in the betting on the last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
race and finished second. Mainstay took
the lead from £ea Spray after a quarter
had been traversed and in a drive stalled
off the favorite's challenge and won by a
neck. The field was well bunched behind
the leaders. The winner was as good as 7
to 1 around post time.
Track and Paddock Items,
The combination book was hard hit on ,
the day, losing over $1500. Henry j
Hart, sheet-writer for the held book, !
cashed one ticket calling for $980, starting |
with Unity and ending ud with Santiago. j
Ten dollars was the amount invested.
The California Jockey Club evidently
feel a trifle nettled over the reflections cast ,
upon the club by Owner Green B. Morris, ;
for at a meeting held by the board of stew- I
ards yesterday they decided that no more ;
entries would be received from M». Morris
in purse races. This action is considered
far-fetched by many horsemen, from the i
fact that the veteran turfman informed I
the club the diy previous that lie would
run no more of his horses at the track in
over-night events.
Will Wallace pinned his faith to Her
nardo. backing the brown gelding in nearly
all of the booKs. It was Charley Ballard's
iirst appearance in the saddTe and he
thinks that had the gelding not bled the
purse would have been his.
Riley Grannan backed Heartsease to win j
the mile run. She loomed up very dan
gerous for a portion of the route, but tired i
badly in the stretch.
Polaski lost considerable ground by be
ing knocked about soon after the Hag fell.
His showing, nowever, was a remarkably
creditable one.
Both E-i Purser, the owner of Perseus,
and Trainer '-Billy" Marry played Unity
to pull off the first race. They underesti- !
mated the condition of the son of imp.
King Gallop, for he was beaten but a nose
in a hard drive. He showed considerable
class in his Eastern races and will bear i
watching in his future runs.
A big plunge was made on the Au?tral
ian-Drtd mare T'tter, owned by the Merri
wa stable, her odds being forced down
from 50 to 6 and Bto 1. She made a fair
showing, but got no portion of the purse.
Yo El Rev, Millionaire Charles L. Fair's
expensive puce of horseflesh, is showing i
marked improvement under Trainer
"Butch" Fisher's careful handling, and I
can be expected in the near future to give I
an exhibition of the wonderful running
power he showed as a two-year-old, when
his fast trials made his name the talk of >
the turf world. In yesterday's race be j
came with a rare burst" of speed around the
far turn, iinishing well up at the end.
BRODERICK UNDER FIRE.
Supervisors Will Investigate His
Office Expenses Next
Week.
1 .
The Auditor Is Ready for Examination
and Threatens to Paralyze
City Business.
Auditor Broderick gave the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors ;
notice yesterday that unless the salary '
warrants of the clerks in his office be \
passed by Monday next he will dismiss
them and conduct his office with the one
clerk allowed by law, whose warrant is not ■
subject to the inspection of the committee. '
This brought out the statement from j
Chairman Taylor that it was the intention
of the committee to investigate the Aud
itor's office and ascertain iv&ether the
cterks employed there were necessary and
the salaries commensurate with the du
ties performed. The matter was discussed
before the Auditor arrived and Mr. Taylor
expressed the opinion that clerks could be
hired for much less money than the Aud- j
itor was paying.
Supervisor Benjamin said that he was
not in favor of interfering with the matter,
as the Auditor probably knew what he was ]
doing when he engaged iiis help.
"When Mr. Broderick put in an appear
ance, •at the request of the commiitee, '
Chairman Taylor said that as the Auditor ;
had been giving them so much advice on
the law he thought it was time some of
the authorities were cited. Mr. Broderick :
answered with some spirit that lie was ;
merely following the law as it had been j
interpreted to him by his attorney, and
that he would continue to do so.
Mr. Benjamin asked what would happen |
if his clerks were laid off, and the work
done by the Auditor and his deputy.
"You would simply have to wait about
three months for things that you now get
in three days." said Broderick.
The Auditor went on to explain the ne
cessity of every clerk now employed in his
ollice and the amount of work required of
each. He said he was, getting along with
from one to three clerks less than any of
his predecessor. •
In spite of the showing made, Mr.
Taylor remarked that the committee could
not afford to treat his office differently from !
other departments of the municipal gov- j
ernment, and that the warrants could not
be passed.
"All ri^ht, let it go at that," said the !
Auditor, "but there will be no clerks in
my office Tuesday next if these warrants
are not passed. I shall not ask my men
to work for nothinsr."
It was decided th'it the investigation of
the Auditor's department should take ;
place some time during next week, and h
was intimated that other offices might
also be inquired into.
This seemed to please Mr. BrodericK
very much and he said as a parting shot:
"Ali right, come any time and stay as
lont: as you like. You will not find" an j
idle man or one who does not earn his
money in my office, and I think you will
in others where you do not expect it.
"Investigations are good things, and you
can't have too many or too sweeping ones
to suit me."
» — » — •
, Among the Greeks, after the time of j
Alexander t: c Great, the portrait of that ;
monarch set in a ring was supposed to
bring the warrior trood luck.
SAN PRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market s:reet, open until 12 o'clock every
nlgiu in the year.
BRANCH OIFICES-530 Montgomery strset, '
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S3O Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
antll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth stre<M, open until 9:30 o'cloclc
CHUKUII NOTICKS.
j£3S= KI1! ;T PBESBV'fEBrAN CHTTOCH,
to-*" cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento s .—
Key. Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. ■ pMtor; 1.. v
Edwin 11. Jenks, (o ]>;i-itor. Dr. Jiackenzle will
proach at 11 a. m. ami Mr. Jenks will preach al
7:.m> p. m. .Surdav-school at 12:45 p. m. Young
People's foclety of Unristian Endeavor at 6:15
p. M. Prnyer mretini; during week of prayer cv. r.
evonint; except Saturday at 7:45. All aro welcome
to thc\se services.
jKS»jJ3?iB6T UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
la-=" Chuici (Tabernacle), corner o? Golden Gate
avenue and iolk street— Key. M. H. Gibson, I>.l>
pastor. Services 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. v. This is
the thirtieth ftruiiv. of the congregation, ser-
vices appropriate thereto to-morrow. Members
and rriends especially urged to be present. Stran-
gers welcome.
!KsS» M PBO N " MJEMOBIAL METHODIST
B*-*" Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rtv. John Stephens rasior. iiesnioncc, 3»<)
llHlght st. PreEchinj* at 11 a. m. and 7:80 -i.
The ppstor will preach at both services. Morniiii:,
communion addn-ss; evonins; snbiect: "The
Model Mind— Its Attitude 10 tbe Great Qaesilona
or Ihe Day." Sunday-school at 1i.".30 p M..
C. B. Perkins sujerintendent. Epworth Leiguu
service at ftW?.K. The public cordially Invited
to all the services of this church. Seals free
Ushers In uuendnn-e. Prayer-nuetlng n"edlie»
day evening 7:45 o'clock.
QPgr> HOW A&D-BT. METHODIST KI'IHUUPAI,
*>■& Church, betweeji Second and .Tnlnl streets
two blocks from Palace liotil— U<-v. \V. W. Case
D.D.. pastor. Morning subject, "How Much Are
oa „ ,? rtn " ? ' Evening • siib,.ct. "Fast, - Younir
M .l n- . tm, " de °» *.' Uur B':ar.l of S.i]>ervi.-,or.s.
\V hat They Have Failed to Do."
CHPBOH NOTICES—
PKS=» UNION-SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
\Jr<c>- Church (open communion), Bush -street,
near Larkin— ltev. William N. Meserve. pastor.
l'reaching Sunday morning, sth inst.. at 11 o'clock
ov the pay.or. Subject: "Good Resolutions."
veiling service at 7:30 o'clock by Rev. Isaac B-I-
knap, associate; Sunday-school at 12:30. Juniors
at 5 o'clock and Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening, and a daily pray, r
meeting in the lec:ure-room at 2 o'clock. All in-
vited.
JifpS SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
t>-^ ncr of Twentieth and Capp s:s.— A. J.
\\ ells, minister. There will be ro morning service.
At 3 p. m. Mr.' Welis wiil be insialled as pastor c.f
the church. The service will be conducted by Rev.
Dr. Stebbins. Rev. C. W. Wendte, Rev. W. G.
EUot, Rev. K. B. Payne i-.nd Rev. £. R. Dodson.
At 7:45 p. m. addresses will be made by Rev. Dr.
Stebbins, Rev. X. A. Haskell r.nd t-;ev. Eliza Tup-
per \\ ilkes. Seats are free. Special music.
M>TKj, «>Jf MJiK'XJNtiS.
Bs^S=» PACIFIC^Tor^E NoT~i36, F. fi
l^-^ and A.M., 121 Edciv sr., win meetjk
on SL-N DAY, January 5. at 1 p. m., to at- W JfT
tend the funeral of our late bro:her, F. P. rs^\
LAISON. Master Masons are invited. .
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
(n^SF* XX C ELSIO R I3EGREE <*militeh. "
}•£=& Lod-e Xo. •1.-I-0.-O'F.-Rfgu-^^^
lnr meeting THIS EVENING. Third
degree will be confer <!. '^f/r-X^^
_.^_______ WILLIAM E. LANE, I). M.
f£s®= NOTICE IS HKKKKYgIvKN THAT
' Jly the annual mi-eting O< the stockholders of
the Hcrsflly i.olrt Mining Company will be held at
Its oflice. 610 Clay stm t. .-au Francisco. Cal., on
'. KSDAY. the 14th day of January, 1896, ut 3
0 clock r. m. By oider of the board of directors.
_ _ WARD P. FLINT, President.
R. T. \\ aed, Secretary.
k^the REGULAR kepublTcan club of
«*^^ the Twenty ninth A B3i>mb'y District will be
organized THURSDAY EVENING, Jauuary 9,
189b, at 927 Mission st., lia'l 2, under the jurisdic-
tion of ihe Republican Executive Council.
. A. P. WILLIAMS, ( rganizer.
BRS 3 PRESIDiO AND JEKRIES^R. ... CO.—
ur-^^ Ihe regular, annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio und Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will beheld at the office of the company, 1111
I- mon street, corner sharp's Dl ace, San Francisco,
Cal., o;i Friday, the twenty-fourth (2ith) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuin- year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Trausfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. M.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary,
olhce— llll Union St., corner Sharp's niace, San
Fraccisco, Cal.
«£-"§?= ANNUAL MEETING— THE ANNUAL
L|^^ meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance Company of California will beheld
at the office of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 California st..
Safe Deposit building, Ban Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
at the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary. '
San Iranclsco, December 31, 1895.
DIVIDKND NOTICES.
lpT^s=» COLUMBUB BAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
nmsr- ciety, 614 Washington st. and 6 Montgom-
ery — Dividends on term deposits at the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundreths (4 32-100) per
cent per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and six-teutlis (3 6-10) per Cent per
a nllm ' for the ball year ending December 31,
1890, will be payable, free of taxes, on and ai'ter
January 2, 1896. . J. F. FUGAZI, President.
r ■ N. liiii.ii >. Secret ary.
|l£3S= OFF 1C X'"( 111!. HIBERNIA SAV-
usrjy ] nKS . mil JjOan society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sts., Sun Francisco, December 30,
1895— At a regular meeting of the board of di-
rectors of this society, held this day, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum on all deposits for the six months end-
ing December 31. 1895, free from all taxes, aud
payable on and after January 2. 1896.
ROBERT J. TOBIX, Secretary.
EjESSp DIVIDEND NOTICE— GERMAN
tfr-a^ Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
street For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths (-1 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, aim three and
Bfty-flve hundred (3 55-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January 2. 189 1. ,
' GEORGE TOI'K.VY, Secretary.
s£Ss= SECURITY savings BANK, 222
l^-^ Montgomery street, Mills building— Divi-
dends o-i term deposits at the rate of tour and
thirty-two hundndths (4 32-100) percent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three
and six-tenths (3 6-10) per annum for Ihe half
year ending December 31,1895, will be payable,
free of taxes, on and after January 2, 1896.
S. i.. ABBOT JR.; Secretary.
!j»33p DIVIDi.ND NOTICE SAVISGB and
ii*~Zr Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor.
Butter. For the half year ending December Mi,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundredtbs (4.32) percent
1 er annum on terra deposits, and three and sixty
one-hnndredths (8.60) per rent per nunum on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
WEDNESDAY, January 1, l>i"it>. Dividends not
called for ure added to and bear the samerateof
dividend as the principal iron: and after January
1, 1896. CYRUS W. CARMAN Y, Cashier.
G^gp HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
Ur-=» F Society, 18 Geary st.— The directors have de-
clared the following semi-annual dividends: 4.32
percent per annum on term, and 3.60 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2. 1896. KU.M-.Si BRAND, Secretary.
JJ^S= CIFEAPEST AXDUKS'I I N AMERICA—
Lb^j? THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for fl 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL SOTICE-i.
J£'s? a ENGLISH LADY'S NEW COSMETIC
Pr^P Parlors, room 46, 850 Market st.
CSSB* Ml:s. BERNHARDI-, 17a SIXTH ST.,
fcfr*-*-^ lirst floor— Genuine massage treatment.
bßeFnotkTels hereby GIVEN that the
t^JS" Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st., San
Francisco, Cal., lias admitted the following half-
orphan girls from October 1, 1895, to January 1,
1596: Annie llammill.a^ed 10 years: Jessie Merle
Par ridg aged 11 years; Florence V. Spicer. aged
lO.vears; Georgie I. Wakeley.aged lOyears; Grace
Hodge, .■'-:■■;! 8 years.
RSS=> MHS. KOBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
&*•*' 8, F.econd tioor; genuine massage treatment.
PfcTSp CORN S~ REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Or-*y Chiroiioilic Institute, room 22, 906 Market.
jK^"BA D TENANTS EJECTED " FOR ,<S*.
i*-*^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 -Momgy st..room6. lei. 5680.
iiK"S» CO R N S, I N G ROWING NAILS, BUCCESS-
-s&- fiiliy ti'.-iwd. DR. i.Li.VD, Lurlin- B;tths.
S^S= WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
Qf - i scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment, for
damages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., -.:4-J Sutler.
j?r^s= ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; .PAPER*-
«^e<; S3 10 no. 3171/2 Third. Georce Hartman.
SITUATIONS WAN'J BTD— \. K.
VTEAT DANISH WAITRESS AND BEAM
xi stress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULi E . 103 tton st.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY' Or' KXI'ERIKXCE
.»»i would Hue |)cs:;ion as hot:s "keeper for gent'.e-
man, orchumberuork in hotel; city or country.
Iresa room 19, 121 Montgomery s:.
EXPEU.ENCED L.VUNDKKSS WISHE S~A
Bituation In a lauudry. 1799 Filbert st.
f\ (MPETKNT GIRL WI-liE- A SIT uTvTION
\J a.l general hoiis-work: best of city references.
Apply 226 Twi nl . c h. li st.
GIA.S GIRL U'ZvfS SITUATION TO
VJ do general hous worK and cooking; sleep
home, call or address 250 PoU st.
ninL 5P .iiTu'"T>if"Lb likk a placlTfor
VJ li-^ht houscwoik or mind chllrlr wages $12.
102 Colllngswo st.
ELDERLY' (JIiRMAN WOMAN WANTS SITU-
J-i ation io do light homework or mind <hi dren:
no cooking. Address M 1!S. CHARLES GREG: R,
Brcniwood, Contra Costa County.
/ j ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION to DO
yl general houseworlt 111 '1'weniieth st.
OITUATION WANTED j!Y A YO U NO GER-
-0 man girl to take care of children utid assist in
lighj housework. 947 Bryant st.
OITUATION WAKTSI) BY AMERICAN
>O woman in widower's family as housekeeper;
pliice where there are children; good references.
10 Zoe, on Bryant, rear Third.
RKsi«t;< CABLE WO iAN WISHES 2 OR 3
days' work a wpek, either washini, Ironing or
b lusecleaning. Call or address 529 Howard st.
ANTED-SITUATION Ars JiOUSEKEEPEII
" or to tik" charge of lodgin?-lioi:s3, or would
do ettamberwork. Address h. A. , box 15, thisollice.
i>Vn." JIiCALTHY WETNUKSK. CALL
I > 1604 O'Farrell s:.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG OEItJHN
,V glri.aboui 14, to take care of children; would
like Bleep hone, piease call at 229 2 Eighth sr.
j ADY WISHES POSITION AS . HOUSE-
xj Keeper or si amstress. Call or address 961 Mis-
slon -,t.. near .Sixth; room 19.
UriDOW OFIixFEUiKNCK DESIKES POSI-
o-v. tlon in lodging-house or small in nily. Apply
|iES P X C T ABLE NORWEGIAN GIKL
wants sittiat'on fur upstairs work. Addr««3s or
apply 913 Illinois.
,- JE M A \ GIKL. WISHES PLACE TO DO
vj general housework in small private family: no
postals. Call 718 Vulencia. .
I ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
±i KeeiM r; ci.y or country. 19 Turk, room ia
yoUNG LADY FROM THE E A ST.: WOULD
x lUe position as cashier or saleslady: can give
best of reference. Address T., box 19, Can Office.
'OOIt GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO AS
VJ assist in liou.se-.vi.rK and take care of children.
Call_or address 336 Sixth st. •
yolX.i WIDOW VVI.SiIKS A POSITION AS
x housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister st.,
room 1.
W KTNURSK— YOUN({ MAHRIED WOMAN
" will lak- full charge of iinan. : lias lia 1 best of
experience; will go out; terms moder.i;e. 1456
-Uinna, b?i. ! ourleenth and Fiittenih; refer«nce.
VY r OUNG GIB WISHES SITUATION TO DO
x ughi housework and care of children; sleep
home. Call or address 1131 rwentysizth st.
/^ERMAN j i;:iti. WANTS a PLACE FOR
yj i C o-;ingand generul housework for Atameda.
(08 Halgntave., Alamedu, near Webster st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnnefl.
IpABTERN YOUNG LADY OF REFINE-
J ment would like position as houseseeper. Call
9G3 Mission s;., room 9.
O W EDISH A.ND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
0 office, 11% Antouia st., opp. Jones, near Ellis.
RESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS. WILL AC-
cept engagements in families or take work at
home; suits $3 up: by the day, $1 25 and car fare.
848 Folsom St.
1 ADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
J neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
:.»» Market; electric lights in every loom: 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $l'sO to $6 per
•reek free bus to and irom thp ferry.
VOUXG lady WANTS POSITION as
x housekeeper; also a dressmaker; will take
work home very reasonable. Apply 706 Kllis, r. 2.
lADY WOULD LIKE POSITION OF HOUSE-
keeper or plain sewing. 144 Fifth St., room 6.
MARRIED LADY WISHES A POSI-
J. t!on as chambermaid or housework by the day;
can give reference, j Addrssa L. F., box 122, Call.
/M LTUREp LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
\J tificate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology and music; unexcep-
tional references. Call or address J. care of Sher-
man, Clay «fc Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
-IJ keeper or office work. 501 i'ost St., room 25,
Becond lioor.
V i >v.\g LADY WISHES PLACE as HOUSE-
Jl keeper, Room 5, 203 Powell st.
WINCHESTErt HOUSE. 44 r i r HrRD ST.. XR.
*' Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
$ 1 CO to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry.
SITU A.TIONS W A-S TEU -MALt.
PC. g. cook's soc. suf-plTes^ook^Tall
. branches :short notice. 14 Geary. uel.Orant -16.
UNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
piIINESE AND JAPANESE HELP-EST. ao
v^ years: tel. 1997. BRADLEY'S, 640 Clay st.
"EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES TO MAX-
XJ age restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
wife dining-room. 703 Stockton st.
rOUXDHY HANDY MAN; MOLDING,
x iiling, polishins;, etc.: brass or iron. Address
Handy, box 76, Call Office.
echa'nTcTand handy man in GEN-
-I*l oral wants work; city or country: small wages
expected. Address L. M., box 161, Call Office.
pOACIIMAN AXD GARDENER WANTS A
\J situation; Oakland and San Rafael references;
is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address
L. C, I ox 127, Call Office.
I, 1 I RST-CLASS COACHMAN WANTS SITUA-
-1- tion; has best of references: 4 years in present
place. Address D. F., box 16, Call Office.
SITUATION IS WANTED BY YOONG MAN
J as an all-around hana about place: cify or
country. Address A. It., box 136, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED IN RESTAURANT
0 or saloon by a reliable, steady man. Address
1412 Powell st., room 13.
\\T ANTED-BY AN EXPERIENCED vixi-
»' culturist, a position at employer's terms. Ad-
dress E. V., box 76, Call Office. >
OITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
O as clerk in hotel or store or barkeeper: from
fine family; speaking French, Spanish, Italian and
English; good recommendations given. Address
S I!.. box 69, tins othce.
T^lßSl-CLAS's J! KAT COOK FROM EASTERN
x coast desires situation: strictly sober and good
hustler; first-class place preferred. Addresscook,
box 100, Call Office . . _^
EELIAULE YOUNG MAN WITH BANKING
J-t experience wants position in office or. store.
Address G., box 77, this office.
}? X I'KKI EXCE I CLOAK SALESMAN ISOPEN
J^ for engagements. Address K. P., box 17, Call.
\ OUNG MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
x lodgin -house as clerk; experience and refer-
ence furnished. Address Clerk, box 76, Call.
DA s COUPLE, MAN AXD WIFE;
youn,r, practical people: want situations in the
city or country, 4-ddresj 1211'/ Bush st.
yoUNG .MAN (26) I ESIRES .\ POSITION AS
X bookkreper: has a good knowledge of book-
keeping; best of reference. B. X., box 10, Call.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS CCOK WANTS
O situation in family; city or country. Address
F. P., 617 Mission st. .
QTEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES
O to learn baker' 3 trade. Address E. \V.,boxB.
this oilice.
"Y OUNG MAN WANTS A POSITION AS BAR-
X tender or gro::eries; first-clas3 references;
sneaks German and English; low wages. Address
F., box 21, this office.
WAN TED— SITUATION TO TAKE CARE
" of gentleman's place, <!o gardening; handy
with tools; can milk; references. J. S. L., b>x 7,
Call Office.
~\' OUNG MAN, ELL EDUCATED AND WITH
X good references, wishes to drive a delivery
wagon or work asa night watchman. Address \ .
R., box 79, all Office.
O ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
O of 20 years of cood education and manners;
wages co object. Addr-'ss A. F. P.. 2913 Folsom st.
FKJIALE HELP WAJiTEDi
p r AMITTr^2ST'IHTSsIT^OKTj^R-
VJ man girl, Jewish family, $-5: nurse, San Ma-
teo, $15; typewriter, .f2O: chambermaid and
wiutress, o.iiding-honse, $20; girl. Alameda, $25;
German housekeeper, $15; girl. Call at MME.
LEOPOLD'S, - i 0 Stockton st.
OUSEKEEPER, $15: lOuiv, uaKi,.....,,
$25: Berkeley. $20: neat lush cirl, J.-wish
family, $25: 12 hous"»v.ork girl«. city and country,
$20 p.nd $'.'6: 6 young girls, assist, SlO to $15.
MfSS CULLEN, 10 Sioc!:ton St.
i>EFINED NURSE, CHILD S YEARS, $12.
Xt MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
I AUNDKKSS, $;:0; GERMAN HOiSEW ORK
iJ girl. $30, 2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
XJKAT YOUNG GIRL. LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
1> $15, 2in family. MI -S CULLEN, 106 Stock-
ton st.
PROTESTANT SECOND GIRL. $25: S E A -
X stress, $25. MISS CUi.LEJN, 105 S'.oekton st.
COOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $35. 2 IN FAM-
ily. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
') GERMAN GIRLS, CITY; FRENCH
«-) second gir , city: numb, rof erman house-
work girls. 23 Ufa*. young women for i?l2 ana $15
places: Scandinavian house^eei er, country, fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., UOi.eary st.
WAITRESSES BOUTHERN CALIFOR-
-0 nla; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
,\ LL ROUND COOK; COUNTRY HOTEI ;
iV. in win er. $5 Jin summer. C. R. HANSEN .t
CO., 110 Gei.ry st.
p ERMAN 1 1 OUSE i: E EP K R; SEE P I ; T V
VJ here, 10 a. m. to-riay. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. :.;-;:','
T\rA"lT RESS; COUNT RY HOTEL; $20. C. R.
»♦ HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\ \ • A XT K D— COOK, NO W ASH,. SERMAN OR
" French style, $30: waitress and parlor maid,
$20; 3 second g<rls,s2o; waitress, country hoiH.
$-0; chambermaid, assist waiting. $20; waitress,
<i:y. $20: cook, small boardinc- house : colored --irl
lor housework, $25, and girls of all natlonalities^for
cooking arid housework in city and country. J. F.
CRCS .1 I .v CO., 312 Sinter
IT 1 1 V K GIRLS FOB CH AMBERWORK AND
X waiting, city and. country, $15 to $ 0; 4 wnit-
resses, different conntry hotels, S-0 t-^oU: 25 giris
for housework and 'ookin?, $21) ana $25: young
ir sn> assist, $10 to $15. JiCKRAYi READY,
634-i 36 Clay Ht.
U'.UT ESS F I RST-C L A COUNTRY O-
'» tel,«2a Apply MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay sr.
\\' ANTED— SWEDISH COOK, $SO: 2 liKK-
'i man cooks, $-'5 and $30; French or German
mns ry vovene ss, 830; French nurse, $J(): young
girls to assist, $15, 12, 310. LEON ANDKK.SIS
Stockton at.
COOK, COUNTRY, $80; COOK, CITY, $80; 4
\J girls, general housework, $25: ii house girls,
$20; girls, $15; wai.re^s, $20: 2 seco id girls,
$20. Apply Swedish Employment Bun-an. 315
Butter st.
L^xri-.un:Ni;:D LADY" BOOKKEEPER i\
XJ esale business: state experience, refer I
:nd s.ii.-.ry wantid. Address E. L., box 86, all.
\*r ANTED- YOUNG GTRL TO DO LIGHT
'* honsework: small family; mns! s'«'ep come.
Call 2507 Harrison st.. near i wen-y-four.b.
P . ' R X TIC E TO LEARN GLoVKMaKINi...
-V (arson Giove Con-pany, SlB Market st. : ap-
ply 1 to 3.
?11RI. ( ; l : xi ; It AL LIGHT HOCSKWORK:
\J f!erm»n or .-wedish preferrta. 508 Hyde st.
9 to 12 a. m.
rpAILORESSES ON BOYS' CLOTHING; MUST
X understand work; steady employment. A
GIRY, 635 Kearny st.
"Y"OUNG X X AN " GIRL TO ASSIST IN
X housework; family of 2; $7 month. 418 Mc-
Allister -•,.
■Y^OUNG GERMAN GIRL, EXPERIENCED fx"
L housework, to wait in bakery; wages $15. 125
Seventh st.
WANTED— TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
M work in family of 3. 1912 Baker st.
rp A I LORKSS WANTED. £803 GREISNWJCH
X St., cor. Baker.
nil. FOR LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING, FROM
VJ 10 a. M. till 5 i>. m. 19 Bannam place.
\\ lU:sS WANTED IN "RESTAURANT.
'» 333 Sixth st.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AXD COOOKIXG;
\T small family. 17.'7 Page st.
W r ANTED— YOUNG » i X, ; MAN GIRL TO AS-
, '» sibt. with liousew in a small family; small
wash. Adi Ires., 11. 8., box 3, Call Office, Oakland.
U' AITKKs-Es FOR " COUNTRY DANCE-
'' hall. Apply 35 laylor St., room 1.
n IRL ABOUT 16 TO LEARN HAIRDRESS-
V.T ing. 104 Powall .st.
1 'EKMAX QIRt TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 936 Fifteenth st., bet. Noe and Cas:ro.
jJEAUTY CULTURE. HAIRDRI-JSSING, MAN-
y Icure parlors; a!I branches ti.ujht thoroughly;
terms moderate: free to our a^euis. Carmel Cos-
metic Co., 131 Post st. -
LA WHENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREt-S-
-cutting school. 1231 Market st..bet. Bth and 9th.
HAIKDKKSSIXCi, 25c AND 3Bc: MORNING
and fcv'gclassos;lO lessons,?! £0. 1248 Mission. ;
'___.; S. EI^ WANTKD-rontlnnsil.
kV^ounGfGiß- WANTKD TO ASSIST IX !
i- light housework: must sl^ep at home; German
preferred; $10. call at 211 Pierce st.
\y ANTED— A GERMAN GIRL FKOM 16 TO
»» 18 years to assist In housework. Apply 1123
Steiner st.
Ot'R FALL CLOSING-OUT SALE FROM NOW.
\J N. Y. Snit House, 1210 Market st.
PUPILS WANTED NOW FOR MILLINERY:
J- new term begins .lan. 6, 1896. 234 Taylor st.
CIONCERT. OPERA-POTPOURRI, GIVEN BY
\J Vocal Teacher Joseph Greven. In odd Fellow*'
Hal!, on the Bch of January, 189B; tickets 50c, ad-
mitting gentleman and lady; for sale at the promi-
nent music and other stores.
DRESS-CUI'TING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAl!:sterst., rooms 67 aud 68.
\JOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
i-'i Winchester House. 44 Third s:., near Market:
U)0 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 i.O to $6 per
week; free bus to and irom the ferry.
WANTED— YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN A i
'* complete courte in millinery; will guarantee '
them positions in spring: rates re isonable. Call at i
the New Institute, 121 Post St., room 51.
WINCHESTER, HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR.
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nigh:; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f'<^ bus to and irom the ierry.
PUPILS WANTED: POSITIONS GUARAN- I
teed: patterns '25 up latest skirts 35c McDOW- !
ELL'S i rfs-.ni iklu? Aca cmv. 213 l'owell st
WALE HELP \VA i'KO.
pONCBETB SIDEWALK FIN ISHKR. ( ; HX-
yj try, $2 a day; waiter, hotel, $25; farm hand,
$10; teamster and wife, $30. R. T. WARD _ CO.,
608 and 610 clay st.
ECOND COOK, $70; NIGHT COOK WHO
O can cut meat, hotel, city, $45: second cook,
fcotel, city. $35: all around' cook, city, $40: Ger- ;
man waiter, $35; ironer, country laundry, $30;
colored porter, hotel, country, $20: bellboy, hotel, j
city, $15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. liO Geary st.
L/LTLEB, WITH REFERENCE, CITY, $40.
XJ C. R. HANBEX & CO., 110 Geary st.
HK. BROWN, WAITEK, AND J. REZNIK,
• Please report. C. R. HANBEN _ CO., 110
Geary st.
ANTED— GERMAN COOK FOR SHORT-
»» order house, $50: butler, with city references:
etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
W" ANTED— (3ROOM, $25T0 »30 AND FOUND: I
»' butler. $:-!5: restaurant waiter, $35; colored
waiter, $20, and otheis. Apply to J. F. CROsETT
& CO., 6-8 Sacramento st.
O WAITERS FOR A FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
aj hotel, $25; sausage-maker, $30 and found.
MU HRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTED— FOBEM AN FOR NICE BANCH;
'» must be single; understands handling of men,
long and shoit teams. *nd must have California
experience and refer nces: salary $50 per month
and found. W. D. EWER .fc CO., 626 Clay st.
pOMPhTENT COLLECTOR, WHO HAS HAD I
\J city experience, is wanted: all persons who 1
have lost cleric 1 or skilled positions on the first of
the year will do well to call at once on the United i
States Industrial Agency, r. 167. Crocker building.
117" ANTED— BRIGHT SALESMAN OF KXPK-
'» rience. Address MARCEaU the fotografer,
826 Market at., stating age and references.
HEL I' I R FOR CEMENT SIDEWALKS. AP- |
ply Saturday, 5:30, Nevada block, Montgom- ;
cry st.
\\rANTED-PRACTICAL LANDSCAPE GAR- I
" dener; state experience and wages. Address I
J. HARRISON, box 163. Call Office.
yOUNGMAN WITH EXPERIENCE AT JOB I
J. pn:itin/. 921 Mission st.
BRIGHT HOY to learn trade, CARSO.V
Glove Company, 318 Market: apply 9 io 11.
YOUNG MA N OR BOY TO WORK IS
X bakery; $6 p. r week. 26 Sixth s'..
STRONG YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BUSI-
-0 ness. Cal. Art Glass Works. 103 Mission st.
W ANTED — YOUNG MAN WHO UNDER- I
'T stands job and press wortc. H. A., box 76, Call. !
\.%r ANTED-»IJOYTO FE E 1 > GORDON PRESS! ''•
TT WJLCOX <Jt CO , 409 Washington, -t.
I/ARBEK FOR," SATURDAY. 3J THIRD ST. '
I
BARBER WANTED FOR Saturday. 1211 i
Market St.
GOOD BUSHELMAN WANTED AT 1
H.\ PHAEL'S. 9 Kearny st.
OY To Wash DISHES. HELP IN KITCHEN;
$10 per month and room, 511 Valencia st. :
ONEST, BRIGHT BOY FOR FLOWER-
store. 9 Eddy st.
BOY TO HELP IX BAKERY, WHO HAS HAD '■
somo experience. 1130 Howard s\
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN KGU FOOD-
is the b*st. C. KERTELL, San Muteo.
BARB ER-SHO'P FOR SALE. G. 8., BOX 137,
Call Office.
T/ M -. I : • .' i .T i C, COMPETENT, 1 X i ■ I KNCED
U grocery salesman, accustomed to do both retail |
and wholesale tra'le. Is wanted for a large llrm in ,'
Arizona: also :■! smart, bright boys, from 13 to 16, i
tor positions with lar^e mercantile establishments, I
to grow up in the business, in this city. United
states Industrial Agency, room 167", Crocker i
building.
X 1 ■ I -. 1 : ! KXC'ED SHIPPING CLERK; MUST '
XJ be well acqnalnted with the city and surround- I
ings and fuinlsh unquestionable reference: bonds I
required. Address X. V., box 164, Call Office.
VV ANTED— FI RST-OLA SS CORNET-PL A j
'» for United States flagship Philadelphia. Take i
pier 12 launch. 1
EAMEN FOR KUKOn:, NEW YORK AND !
Ar.s'ralia. 108 Montgomery aye. |
\ UU.M. Ai A X OVKK 18l WINE AND
I iiir.ic-r store. Address W. N., box 6, Call.
rrUIE RAILROAD HOUSE, SSB COMMERCIAL
J St., below Montgom»-.v— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; 1 e<t and anest house in town.
BARBER-SHOP r'nll SALE; running I
3 chairs. 81 1/2 Fourth st.
VV ANTED— ENEP.GETIC YOUNG OR MID- |
»» die-aged man; permanent employment; must '
have $40 cash. C. D., box 60, Call Office.
1 00 " XX '" GET A SHAVE; SC: CLEAN i
1"" towel to each: bay rum free: hair cut, 10c:
ii:st-class workmen. 14V'2 Montgomery aye.
T\ ESTMEAL ON BABTH; WELL COOKED: S I
L> courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth
MAX WHO CAN LOAN EMPLOYER $300
can have good-paying position in general mer- I
chandise store. Address box 255, Lodi, Cal.
HAT HOUSE. 629 ~SAC RAM ENTO !
»' st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms '
21) and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
ARBERS, ATTENTION!— THE EMPLOY
ment office Of the Barbers' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found nntil further notice with P. C. i
11! AMAXX. V3BV2 O'l'am.l st; don't be mislead i
rvo in r Iver;tB"inents. J. KLITCH, President. j
,x A.Vi_D-M;.A WITH SMALL CAPITAL
'» in good paying business; stand rigid investi-
gation". Call at room 10, S5O Market st., from 10 j
to 3 o'clock.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC- I
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS. ;
\kf ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE j
*» their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; nocharee unless successful.
K.NOX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 Sutt.-r. r. 4.
IKARX A TRADE— .A.M» u....x__-
J m?n students wanted; o:;ly 8 weeks required; j
tools given, write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh st.
\yi\CiIEVIEKJIuUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NE AB
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading- j
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
POSKDALE HOUSE, 831 RLLIB ST.— SINGLE
1\ • furnished rooms, 20c: .-51 per week.
Ij./jMEN TO T A XX LOI)(*IN<i AT lOC, 15c
I ' >\J and 2Gc a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
VY ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'» steam beer. sc; bottle wine, sc. 609 Clay st.
Wan : ED— SINGLE 16c a dayTsi
' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers- 36 Clay st.
EN'S y 2 -SOLING 50c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
while you wait. C 33 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
MEN'S SHOES HALF-SOLED 40c, LADIES
•>'i 35c; done in 10 minutes. 959 Howard st. j
T IX DELL HOrSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
X-i single furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
I eai;n A TKADE— OB pictorial
Xj paintlns taught for $5: great opportunity D
LEVY. 35 Eighth s:.. San Francisco.
TTaB b KRS' PROTECTIVE UNION m plo y-
J> incnt. secretary. CONItAI) TROKLL. 657 Clay.
\Ttanted- laborers and mechanics'
» » to know that Ed Rolkin Reno House proprie-
lor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.* 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per wee'i.
tIBEE BEER— TWO BCHOO NEBS FOX; sc-
_ also a bottl sof lager, sc, at, t>37 Clay st. '
MOZART, 819 ELLIS, ROOMB 25C TO 500
iVL night, $1 25 toW week; read rooms.
PRBK COFFEE AND KOLLS. 704SANSOME-
-1? single rooms 15c, 20c a nignt, $1 a week.
EST IX ClT i — SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AtfD
'25 cents per nlg!>t; *1, $1 25, $1 60 p«r weel_
I'ccihc House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
A 1 MEN'S M-X'OXi)-H AN D_D SHOES..-«OME
-±\J\J nearly new. _'5c to $] 25. r>62 Mission st.
riIRY ACME HuUSK, MAitKET &T.. BK-
X low Sixt.';. for n room: 25c a nitiht; 81 a week.
TUSTOUT: NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
O Ing shots: call and gee; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, dove while you wait; ail repairing done by
machinery: alt repairing at half price: work guar-
nniee.l. r,b2 Mission s:.. bet. First end Second.
—-^— --—_______
W"A XTED— P I B X I^TFTlT^TuTv^riTnTirT"
»T rooms, in Western Addition. Addres3 F Il"
box 7b, Call Oflice.
T>EFlN_br YOUNG COUPLE, ' WHO'TaN
jA. give the b> B : of references, no children, and -n
every way desirable tenants, wish a we|;.f U rnislie<i
Hat or i o:tam> in d siraUe nelrhoorbood Addr'ss
s.atmg location and price, B. li.. box 106, this oflice!
PKOVEKTI WAN'I'Kb. "
PROPERTY" "w aX 1 1-: ! . CHEA P^COBNEB
J. business property. $30CO to $20,000- give nei
sTcall Office'!""' °" : D 0 UgentS - mvesfor, &
~ OI'FICE '.WASTED. "'
I IV9. OCa!0 Ca!i e offi C |. teDOSral<her; Addre33 E - <s»bo_
I IVo. oCairouice0 Cairouice. U ' DOi!railUer - Addr ° 33 E " °- *>*
PKBSONAI-S.
tTis^l-OeseiHeiJECTrician. removed
_»J. irom cor:L€avenworth and O'Karrell sts. to
402 1 Geary st., room 3.
TMPOUTKD HAVANA, KEY" WEST AND
I hlgh-zrade domestic Cigars at the tobacco baaaar,
t027 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
OUPEBFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED PERMA.
S nentlv painless: sample treatment free; hair-
drerslng." short hair cut, curled Q 2 sc: positive
for dandruff. MM-. KESSINGS, 131 Lar«in st. _
T>ABTINGT SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply *-l
Pine st!
\\T ALL PER CLEJ NED BY NKW UGHT-
>> nlng process; no muss or d:rt. Address
LOUISE. SCHOLL, National Wall f aper Clean-
ins; Co., .07 Montgo eery at.
DVICK DTVOBCK AND PROBATB
A laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice ajd
Police Courts- terms reasonable: collections, etc. it.
W. HOWE. att'y-at-law. BSO cor:atockco_-
AIR-DRESSINTTaNY ST YLK.2Sr,WAVIN(»
included: exceiienr switches and from piecp»
f»rsl: hair chains made to order Irom 50 up;
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Stockton
st. U." SPITZ, G. Ll- I 'l. ERsn ■ s.-:or. |
MRS. DR. PAUL MEYER, THE BEST
beauty doctor In the city, has removed from
504 Sutter st. to 1219 Pclk, near Sutler.
"f K. I'Kli.l.ll'-, GENERAL PRACTICE IN
XJ. U. 8. and State courts; lamaee cases. Offices,
725-728 SpreckeLsbuildi'ig, f»'27 M'irkef s-. .
C'DMK. JIAVi. YOUR .i-.n li.-.,.-. Mir
lows iilled. S7O Mission, cor. sth. V. M. CABE.
v^j ] A ROOM: CARPtTS CLEANED ON TH_
«!p J. fioor. 206 Leaven worth a.
TjiLECTBIC LIGHTS IN BVEBI I'.OOM— WIN-
xLt Chester ifouse, 44 Third St., near Market: 203
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : trt-e l:us to and from the ferry. _
KS. M. H. OBKK, HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figu c.-i.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jenne3 Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outlits; greut reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., Sail Francisco.
HICKS' DETECTIVE AGENCY— A DDRESS-
es located: experienced and tried men for
city and country; watchmen and guides furnished;
Information and advice strictly confidential. Call
or write HICKS, 610 Spreckeis bldg, t)27 Market st
l.w PROGRESSIVE WINDOW AND HOUSK
x> cleaning Co.;floors scrubbed:contracts;day.wk
or mo. F. CARNOVAL _ CO.. EA&y. TeL 5.252.
TL'OR FINE POI'LTKY AND GAME GO TO A.
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
7 A VERITE HAIRDRESSING PARLORS
XJ moved to 30 Kearny st (over Maskey's); wigs,
switches, doll wigs to order.
TOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
*) Sutter St., between Stockton st. and Granc aye.,
where the oest of coal can be had at lowest prices.
ONE MOKE CUT—"'
Oak Roll Top Desks .fl4 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets 17 60 u|»
O.lcloths and Linoleum* 30c up
fcflovHs and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017. 101&. 1021, 1023 Mission St., abovo Sixth.
1 EGYPTIAN HENNA, HAIRDYE. PER-
_ fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists: Hubbardw 923. Hauptli's. 1156 Market.
T IBEIIA aDVAXCKs ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
i- 1 elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market St. '
I n.-Wl BUSINESS CARDS, $1 50: TELE-
IUUU phone "Black 141." H1LL.724y 3 Markeu
UITS MADE,- TO ORDER OF ELEGANT
remnants for $10; sempies and self-measnre-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market st., San Francisco.
ECOND-HAND ,\s VVELL AS NEW BARS,"
O showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
eafes. chairs, scales, et<-., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
iore going elsewhere. J. NOONAN, 1017, 101 ft
1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
LI) BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
Ol.li BUILDINGS BOUGH! AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
f-tc: cheap. Yar.l 1166 Mission s;., near Eighth.
(friOSl ITS TO ORDER: SAMPLE BY MAIcT
ijp_±A NEUHAUS. Merchant Tal or, 115 Kearnr,
/ M.O.\K>, CAI'I.s AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infr3' cost. Factor,-. 20 Sansoma st.. upstair*.
/ \LDGOLD, bILVKK. <;k nts AND LADIE*
\J clothins bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR S CENTS— THE
J\ WEEKLY CALL, in wraDner. for nnulinc-
iJl^.■s.-^:^i.•\*vl^tt^.
DRF.SSES, $2 AND UP; WRAPPERS.
and up. 50j Natoma st., upstairs.
UI'IS $3; BKIRTS7fiC:< HILDREX'S SUITS
SI up. 659 Stevenson St.; Rl guarar.teec!.
PROFESSOR LIVINGS! 1 )i:'S DRESS-CUT-
-L ling school removed to 627 Larktn st.
RESSES CUT and FITTED. $3: DKESSES
imnuir-r prices: engii'--enn-n's by .i.-;v. ]} i iearv.
V I- A JItV l> Ts.
A~ .
PROF. F. EUGENE,
1728 MARKET ST.
HEALTH, WEALTH
AND HAPPINESS
for all who consult him. Remember Prof. Eugene
Is permanently located in -an Francisco: don't fail
to call; letters, with >ta:ni>s answered.
. 1728 Marfci st.
PROF. LEON, PALMIST, CLAIRVOYANT,
X ha 3 wond-rful power: will convince you when
others fail. 533 Post >,t., daily 9 toS; also Sunday.
MISS Mc.LVIXA AMERICAN, CLAIRVOY-
air and card reader. 7ii>_;'2 Howard st.
STARLIGHT BEAPS YOUR CARKEK FROM.
the cradle to the grave. I ar!or '2. .S6."ii 3 Market.
I>RESENT. PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MM
LEGGETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
\i ME. STEWART, GREAT CLAIBVOYANT
1»I p.nd cardreader. seventh daughter of the sev-
enth daughter, has returned io hi r old rooms In
»an Frarcisco; ladies and gents 50c; call al Once
as she is going Kast soon. 917 Market St., parlors
3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, iuture: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy : mistake im-
posslble; fee $1; letter $2. i*29 Posl st., nr. Larkin.
MME. MOREAU. BKST MEDIUM; REVEALS
nagt.present and future ;2sc up. 764 Howard st.
AUGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER:
-t\- magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc : has the
seven hoiy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
"VI ME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAIL V ;
i'l- names given, 25c up; systems taught to play
races and sore tips given. 828 Howard.
EST CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD REA]
on earth; ladies and gents. 25c. 206 Fourth st.
LA.TRVOYANT — CARD READINGJ &OcT
\J 406 Octavla st,: formerly 128 Turk st.
j .". ___*:__ J_._A__i.
piRCLE TO-NIGHT AT MBS. COLBY'S, 1221 A
\J Oak st.; sittings daily. '
ri^EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG
I X 605 McAllister st. Sittings daily.
\ DDIE SWAIN: SEER, LIFE READINGS;
__ ladies only. __7 Geary st.
4 WONOKBFUL POWER OVER DISEASK;
Mia. Dr. W. Marandas 1 reveaied medicines;
never fail In rheumatism, payolysis flts and ; .ii
nervous diseases, etc. H you cannot call ai i
see this wonderful medium, write and inclose a
lock of hair and $1 for ■ correct diagooda of your
disease: true life reading. 152 iy 2 Market, opp.
Van Ness aye., San Francisco, Cal.
Mils. J. J. WHITNEY, itu •■■>,, .t "
tr nee medium: s'ttinassl. '2. Stockton st.
LOST.
T OStCfrTda^' MORNING. ON* 10:30 TRAIN
XJ from Oakland or steamer Piedmont, black seal
: purse with initials L. I), on it. Finder will please
leave at Call Oilice and receive reward.
1 OST— A PASSBO 'X WITH THE HIBERNIA
i XJ Saving and Loan Society oi San Francisco iv
1 the name of Bessie Galvtn (.No. 167121). Tho
Under wiil pl< ase re-urn to bank.
I OST— LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN:
J liberal reward. 419 Nineteenth st. *
MASTIFF-LOST; MALE. l;Kl'i'RN TO 81
Ninth st. . suitable reward.
| TA NT B— YOUNW BLACK SETTER. WITITE
! O spot iiudi-r chin: will pay reward. 10 13 i'owell.
i I ust— dakk-urown SPANIEL DO«Jj ,;;.
Xj w::rd. Retcrn cor. Eighteenth and Shotweli.
T OST— PASSBO >X WITTf rHEHIBKRNIA
XJ Savings and , oan society of an Krancisro
iv the name of MRS. ALICE J. COSGROVE No!
| 191.691. The finder will please return to bank/ '
! T OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE Hf HERNIA
, XJ savings and Loan Society of San Francis- _ in
i tbenaraeof ELLEN NYHAN; No. 108 one)0 ne ) ti'_
■ finder will p!t.-a<e return tp hank. ' ""
tOLM).
r»OUND— COW, JUST < \LVKM. OW2SEH
J ,-aii 524 In.lianast.. Po;r.- . "W«JCB
j _^ At.X -. .-. "i\A-.Ti;is.
| U A NTK D-2 OB 3''FIBBf^CLABR LADYsS:
;*1 licitors to sell a new patentedar p^Hnl
Ing to lady's apparel; never h sbe>n pin" o -. 1 1?«
, market. For further information i™l"J °' \i ?
- Taylor st., Oakland. Cal.; call from 1 t0 ,6 vsi 4
IPNEKGETK AGENTS FOR ,A; m. w \\- . :
J-iline house coal. Address Coal, box Ib 3 (all
FOUR TRA VE__S_?BA _E«MJ_N _ Wj, '.'',:
to sell all kinas of riding vehicles scales r?
frlgerators .and recently patinted noveuf c _ \7
Ci,ronic:e building. "«>cnics. 07
pALU-ORNTA MUTUAL HKNKFrFsduiFTv
y wants eood agents to work it, occldenr },^
s^l?? ce J Überal ■«««J»winenta^ offered "j*
\V^^IANNA Secretary, Murphy buildln" '
WAN:..;,- ,: ..... 7.. A , ioL> =
i DVERTIiitR han S SMatj -. -,- ,
A merchaad se; mns: be a >,ar •>'', ■ l( , wP»
preferred. Address Cash, box Callomce! tOwn
ss
CELL YOUR BOOKS ULOTHTV
elry to A. KLKIX, id^i^,:^';^^^, BTTSTNKSS CHASCBS.
Q9OOO WHOLEsTL^COMMISSrON MER-
O —'"".. chant of good B aa( iinK and reputa-
tion wants partner In produce nn<l commission
liouse; controls large trade from all points o<: the
Pacific roast: grand opening for some industrious
nißn; guarantee clear 9200 month; ehanceln a
-4Uetlme. STENBERGATREIBEP.. BS2 Market st.
Hi AUR \N T
and bakery: beaj of city: very best chance
tor trade; receipts $125 dally; owner has other busl-
ik-ss; comjielli'd 10 sitcritice: will lange for real
estate. STKNBERU & TiIKIUKU, 632 Market St.
C-1 |,|m EXTRA RARE CHANCE; BA-
• 1 lIM'. ioon: one of the most elegant In city;
three doors 01 Market; cash register, piano in-
cluded: aciu.il jriit sit J?--'ooi>: see It: make Offer.
yn:.N m;u<; a trkiri.r, ti32 Market.
C">nn FRKNCH LIQUOR-STORE; GOOD
CpO'-'U. location: transfer point: genuine bar-
cai:i: given nwiiy if taken before iirst of year: call
to-day. STENBKRG >v TItKIBER. 632 Market St.
Q ''ft PARTNER" WAN 11 IN BUSINESS
•^•).)i>. that will pay to < ach from $300 to $450
per month: thorough lnvestl at lon allowed: mn<t
be abl« to k<<»i' plnin acoounts; unmarried man
I re;, rred Johnston it CO.; 26V2 Kearny st.
CJ; CAA PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
tfiOUU. business: irried on by present owner
over 11 years; trade of the leading mercantile
houses of the city: business 10 be enlarged and pays
now j?80 to $1(10 a month each ; this Is worth mves-
ticatinjr: experience not necessary. JOHNSON »£
CO., 26i ■» Kearny st.
"?. i,l,i FINE PAYING CITY' BOUTE WITH
i"". t>oo customers: clearing over $75
Monthly: week's trial. JOHNSTON, 26i/a Kearny.
il- INTED— BELIABL£ MAN AS PARTNER
»' In erocery and bar ; must have SiOO cash; no
risk. JOH NSTON, -•;■■ Kearny st.
<"-'"\U FINE SALOON; FINE FIXTURES:
*?iOO\J. large stock at a sacrifice oc account of
sickness: part cash. JOHNSTON, 2i>Va Kearny.
T "o'ShfLL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIN I) QUICK
1 for cash see STRAND d CO., 45 Third st.
Q'J-A SALOON~MEN~ ATTENTION: OLD
• .>-M'. established taloon; pays well; actu-
ally worth £600; see this. STRAND & CO., 45
Thinl st.
i^l 7;; BRANCH BAKERY, 3 ROOMS;
• „ 1 ' «-»• irood trade; bargain. STRAND, 45 3d.
. 'ORNER (iRUCKUY AND BAB: BARGAIN
\J ii sol.i this week. STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q I^A RKSTAURANT. FINELY FITTED;
O-±i>V.'. No. 1 location; livinp-rooins furnished;
low rent; great bargain. BARRETT SKIFF,
X6s\ i Market st.
"^ " "7ik FIRST- class HOME BAKKRY,
•_ Ofjyj. with all-counter trade of $16 to $-'0 per
day; No. 1 locaiion: ii,'-ruom» furnlshcU; trial
given. BARREI & SKIFF, 865V 2 Market st.
QI'IKI BAKERY, DOING GO<)l> CASH
•IT'^U'-'. business; horse, wagon: 3 barrels of
ilour daily. PROLL& LLOY D, 719 Market st.
Qi;', ( l D-PAYING SAL~OON Tn^BUsT-
KjVOyJ. nesscenter; fixtures worthalone#lBoo:
stock $300; muse sell to-day on -ouni of Im-
mediate lieparture. Inquire" 533 California Bt.,
Phoenix Bar. ._,
DRUGSTORE FOR A SONG-PAYING BUSl-
ness, in good locality: fixtures complete und
rent low: but small capital m-c^ssary; we most
eel!. Address M. N., care of Call Office. Oakland;
"|7»OR SA LK— DRUGSTOi: X IV THE DOWN-
T town smess portion of this city. For par-
tieu!:-: apply to MACK & < >> 11 Front st.
WANT A SMART. ACTIVE MAN. 'ST
be a hustler, as partner; must have $2000 cash;
going to Honolulu ard New /-aland; business
pays $20,000 per y, ar cl( ar jirofu. Address 11. J.,
box 94. this otlice.
"\VTANTED-Ti> PURCHASE AN KSTAB-
' ' lished Ber'ibiicau newspaper in California
county seat. Adfiross Newspaper Man, box 166,
this oflice.
.T>ABI WANTED TO INVEST 92000 IN
X proiitable muuufactnrina business; large stock;
no debt. Address L., box 18, Call Oflice.
KEXT-nOTSE ACRES OF GAR-
X dea land at Melrose: reut - ■;• C. C.,42Turt.
IT) AEEBY FOB SALE. CALL AT 1021 PA-
X> ciflc st.
SINGLE GENTLEMAN WISHES A LADY
O with small capital as partner in a patent inven-
tion; larte ; rori'.s and quick sales. Call 1 to 2
p. m.. room B. 793 Mission st.
Tir.AXTfID-PAKTXER IN a GOOD-PAYING
*» business on Market St., with $1000 capital;
no experience required. Address 8. S., box 67.
thiscllicp.
Hr.E-STORE, NEW AND SEOND-
XI hand, at hulf price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 646 Mission st.
I- SALOON FOR 8 A LE; LOCA-
.tion; trade: lease. ParticulMrs adaress F. C,
.box 11?. Call Office.
\ ■ BO CIGAR-STORE AND CLUBROOM,
-A esiablished several years: cood location: large
b;oc!j ana sood, srendy trade. ' box 16, Call.
T>UYSIOIAN CAN ASSUME PRIVATE DIS- :
.. J. pensary practice, worth £400 a month, by buy-
!«(? fornishinss now at $250. Address Physician,
box 122. Call Otlice. : i -'
&^Jj 1 FOR RENT — COMPLETJKLA FUR-
'"•:' '. nished restaurant. 5->;-{ Coiiim'-rcial st.
- 7"*OOD SALOON FOR .SALE. INQUIRE OF
VJ BU'-MKNTHAI, 658 Mission st.
7) X STAI RAN T ; BARGAIN: KEPT BY
Xt owner nearly 4 years. 208 Polk st.
SI 427 FOUBTH
street.
J- ATTENTION—
interest in one of the largest job offices in San
Jose for sale: par'y desires to re'ire; a splendid
. opening for a goo.i outside man. Address Printer,
• i' 2 Nor:h Tenth st., Kan Jose. CaL
FOB SALE— LARGE~TE"m"PEKANCE GRO-
cery store: established sixteen years; corner of
I rominent Btree ; c.oinx cood business; must sell
on account of dissolution of copartnership. B,
box 47, ( all.
OF THE BEST PAYING MILLINERY*
stores In town of 12.C00 lnoabltants in south-
ern California, for sale at a bargain; exceptional
. opportunity, for particulars address It. L. TOP-
LITZ & CO., 545 Market st.
CHANCE. FOX MAN AND WIFE
with a few hundred dollars to secure a well-
establ.- Ed and paying bnsineas; living rooms at-
tached : see owner on premises. 603 Stanyon St.,
corner Haight; no agents.
099 X BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
- —•-'•'. tionery store; 4 li\ ing-rooms; rent $18;
Co agents. 34iy 8 Fifth st.
T.-OR teALt— NOTICE TO BUSINESS MEN— I
X will sell the well-known business at southwest
■ corner Fifth and Mission sts., consistinK of grocery
. and bar and wholesale wines, known as California
•...Wine Company: also milkmen's headquarters; I
.■ will-sell beloiv actual value on account of going to
■ *Sew A'ork in business with brother; call at store.-
-• ■ F. KAUFMAN. 901 Mission st.
ESTA B LJSHE I) MILLINERY BUsr.NK-S
for sale; fine location. Address D., 948 Mission
£19^ BBANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
QX^.tJ. cigar si or., Inquire Call Office.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. 1).. box 43, this office.
<RQfton ROUTE M)R SALE; EVENING
W'JvUU. paper; pays SI 50 per month. Apply
this oliicp.
LODG-XO-HOIJSKS FOX SALE.
I Q ROOMS-BEST CO] ci TV.. «1,600
XO 14 rooms, on Geary st. g5O
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders....... 3 500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell ...... 700
B'-' rooms to exchange for real estate .... 1,6'J0
10-room house: very central . . . ------ . " ; 50
H. C. DECKER. 1206 Market stV.corl Taylor.
H. 'O.Ms: ON ACCOU NT DEP'aIvF
ure. PRULL & LLOA'D, 719 Market st.
\" [CE- 100 LODGING"^HOUSES~VOR SALE-
U-> from 8150 to^SOOO. STRAND A CO., ,-, \ bird!
EODG ING-H O USK,. wi lii ' " 3TOBE-
J-J cneap: easy terms. 3129 sixteenth st.
C*<*"»O '''' ROOMS; C. BENT $40; : INCOME
>'»•>''. $100; all rented and all conveniences
803 Third st.
I'OU SALK— LODGING-HOUSE OF2U i'OOMS ;
J* cheap for cash. ■•.■:: i l^l-tf. Market --. ' *
yUBN'TUKK FOB SAM-J-
-CA R PKTS, FuToTnT^BED^ LOUNcTeT'-K^
■ Bslon-ts loechest. 323 Scott st.. cor. uak.
JJKDUCTIONHON LARGE 'iTOCK, new and"
J 1 second-hand: 400 carpet good as new. oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits. $19 up: linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25c;
ranjes, $6: rash or installrnenrs; goods shippo4
f»ee. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Founh St.
I' pOB BARGAIN S IN FUR NIT URE AND AR-
ticles of every description. I). McRAE, 829
Mission st.
4COMPLBTE.9BO
y Elegant Brussels carpet laid. 45c
eavy Linoleum laid 40c
Floor Oilcloth 20c
• New Bedloungas. our own make $5 50
Ulll'h.h <V IItKK. 1310-12 Stockton. nr. Valjo.
1 ikmtik:: WASTED
S^OlTTeT V HTfTfTESTPRTcE^i'A ID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 818 Market st,: call or send postal.
CasThTkick PAID FOR FOBNITURE. ja-
<'uß scit WERDT. BgJ Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
Ha. KRA6KY, CARPETS. PICTUKKS.
. fouiins;. Iron beds, furniture; low prices: CaL
yte nlHrifior i-.iiM ■) ■' I tor the iru.l.-. 779Mi^^■lon■
AKPC « . AN I V(..
Je. miti 11 1.1 .1.. a < Leaning < 0.,240
• 14th Rt.; cleaning lie a yard. 'Tel. Mission 74.
CABPETS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
renovatsd same as new. a FER(iUSON Jk
CO.. 23 Tenth et.. Telephone number, south 3S.
J. BE ATI NG AND REN-
. "ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
C<ITY STEAM kRPKT< LEANINO.BENOVA-
_ > ting, VH Bth. feTEVENH, mgr. lei. South 260.
Vai lONAL CARPET bbatTng AND BENO-
J-> v»tin« Works HAMPTON dtBAILLY: layin|
■jjgjtlttTlng. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
' "WHEN A'OU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' » poor work send to BPAULDING'B Pioneer Car-
yet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tel. So-40.
/ M..\hl.lN 8 CARPET BEATINO WORKa tii
~>7 '.oid Gate hv,.. : tol«.pho <-ast 126.
siiwiNo i>iachln*:!s.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
Xi. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 215 Fourth st.
HOCSES TO LET.
REDUCED TO fl6— 2-BTOBY HOUSE OF 5
It sunny rooms and bath; in good condition; 680
Ash aye., near McAllister and Buchanan sts.
MADISON & BURKE.
"I AQQ TWENTIKTH — 4 ROOMS: LARGE
JL UOO grounds; rent 14. Key at grocery.
OTKL TO LET: FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Inquire Sixth and Bryaut sts.
iJtOA 1 IM ' ( KD F BOM $40: NICE MODERN
tJyOU. home of 8 rooaaa. Apply 15 Grant aye.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AN D
yard; 147 Valencia st.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission. . '
AVED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN <t HAM
MONI) U> Montgomery st. > _ el-
CO : TAOKB TO LET. S
(M^OTTAGE^'FOu'RrROOM's \ $9? C U M B ER-
V ' land, bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
UNNY COTTAGE, 5 HOOMH; BATH, PLOW-
er garden; location tine; $20. 742 Capp st.
pOTTAGE. SO7 FRANCISCO ST.. NEAR POW-
\J ell, 4 rooms, large yard and cellar; rent $10.
Key on premises. ■ '__
UNNY cottages OF 4 and 6 ROOMS,
>~ bath, basement and yard. 534 15th, nr. ores.
FLATS TO ILET.
XwOMS^bl^hl SIfiCOND FLOOR; $15:
t: i rooms; larce yard; unfinished basement: $16;
location charming; rooms clean and in good re-
pair. DEMPSTKR, SB Glen Park aye.
UPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.: 6 ROOMS
U handsomely papered; bath; besemmt: quiet
home for old people; .f-'3; water free. Apply down-
stairs. •
MEW SUNNY FLAT— ROOMS, BATH;
IN rent $25; water frte; modern conveniences.
792 Clayton st. .
njIE \p RENT-91* AND $10; 5 ROOMS AND
\J bath and 3 rooms. 641 Valencia st.
-1 r-r.C POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM FLATS; BATH;
1 iUO garden: rent «13and 16.
T.-'LVr, SUNNY ROOMS, $20; COTTAGE, 6
JD rooms, $15. Kej- 1706 Hyde St.
il\ I. >r.V\V UPPER *LAT; 7 ROOMS, BATH
1 and improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
\TE\V FLAT, 6 BOOMS, WITH BATH; NEW
-L> improvements. 2936 California st.
IIOUB ROOMS, BATH, THIRD FLOOR; NO
' children: sl2 50; quiet, sunny, clean attractive
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Par^ aye., off Twelfth st
L' IVE LARGE ROOMS, FRONT AND REAR
-T yards, snnny; $25. 22 Twelfth st,, between
Mission and Howard. .
-T.^LATOF6SUNNY ROOMS, YABD. ALSO
J: sunny cottase, i rooms, yard, cellar, $11. Sec-
ond st., near Townsend.
UNNY BAA-WINDOW FLAT OF 5 ROOMS;
>^ bath; yard; $18. 10 Shotwell st., near Four-
teenth.
■\]O CASTRO— UPPER FLAT OF 6 LARGE
0 LO sunny rooms: bath: bay-window; yard.
/• ROOMS. BATH: $21. ISIB STEINJiB ST.,
\J near Ellis; cheapest In town for price.
VTEW CORNER FLAT OF 8 ROUMS, BATH
-L> and every known convenience. 1259 Pine .
"L-LAT— UPPER 1-LAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
r and bath: 126-2 F.ishteeath St.: rontsl3: new
boilding. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
Q I '. NICE. CLEAN, UPPER SUNNY FLAT
•_, I '.). 4 rooms: handsomely papered: tirst-class
condition; bath; nice neighborhood. 720 Ivy aye.,
near Hayes and Buchanan sts.
DE LONG AYE., 16a, SOUTH OF PANHAN-
dIe, bet, Frederick and Waller sts.. nrw flat;
3 sunny rooms with bath, laundry, storeroom.
fl)»Q SUNNA' UPPER 3-ROOM FLAT. 522
tjpO. Howard St., near First.
UNNA* FLAT 3 ROOMS: GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath : Pl 3 and $16. 1706 Post st.
<£•"] r FLAT Of 5 LARGE SDNKY rooms
tIP-LU. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
st , bet. Noe and Sanchez.
fljjT^ FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
•pXtJ. and bath: water free. 25 Ford s!., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVE N If~ST., Bt-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: 38 to 16.
QOT CA SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT.
'„— I .OU, 1704 Washington St., near Polk: six
rooms and bathroom. '
QUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 1807 POLK,
0 near Washington; 5 rooms and bath: $22 f.O.
C9O -/ , NEW ELEGANT SUNNY MOD'
•? O.OKJ. em bay-window flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 925 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT; 1209 bFshTT"ROOMB, BATH;
tJp*.U. bay-\.indows. Apply 1211b.
79^ MCALLISTER— SUNNA' FLAT; ROOMS,
I tuxj laundry, bath; rent 532 50.
Vl;\V SUNNY UPPER FLAT: CASTRO
JLI cable: 6 rooms, bath $15. was $22; see photo-
graph. S. D. HOVEY. 508 California st.
AVKD-DOLLAKS, DIMES A N NICKELS
kJ by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MON D U> Montgon'f-ry at. ■ '..-.v-.-;
IIOtNKKKEI'IMi KOO3IS.
Kddy Street. ■
91 Q EDDA'— LARGE ROOMS. COMPLETE
tii\.\J for housekeeping; iras, bath; reasonable.
71 Q FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
1 J. O rooms.
Ellis Street.
'1 9 ELLIS — 2 UNFU&NIBHKD ROOMS,
U-Lt) suitable forlight housekeeping.
Fifth Street.
099 FIFTH— ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O— ._ housekeeping; cheap rent. ,
T9UI FIFTH— TWO SUNNA' FBONT BOOMS
-t— O2 and kitchen furnished for housekeeping;
cheap.
Fourth street.
99' FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS HUIT-
■^-«£«J able for light housekeeping; American
family.
AQI FOURTn — NICELY ' FURNISHED
rzOX rooms for housekeeping; private family;
cheap rent.
Fulton Street.
1 It\ FURNISHED ROOM; COM-
X JLU plete for housekeeping: very cheap.
Oeary Stieec.
1 Ql 1 GEARY. OPP. THE PARK— SI 6; AL-
-LtyJ..JL cove suite and adjoining room, with i>or-
calainsink; bath: 3 closets: partly furnisbed.
7 GEARY — PAKLOR, BEDROOM,
I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Howard Street. '
1 1 9Q A HOWARD— FINE SUNNY SUITE OF
J-X^O front rooms, furnished complete forlight
housekeeping; brand-new Brussels carpet, antique
oak folding lx-d, large closet and grate for fire; $13
per month: In un American family; none but
sober, qniet people need apply.
1 900 1 HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISH-
IZUI/3 ed suite rooms: use kitchen; $16; single.
! 7"9] f HOWARD— TWO LARGE SUKNY
i- —1 "' furnished housekeeping rooms; rent
reasonable.
Jessie Street. ,
Ann JESSIE— 2 SUNNY BASEMENT ROOMS
tID furnished for housekeeping.
Market Street.
1 P\OG MARKET— 3 NICE ROOMS; FUR-
Ii)uO nished for housekeeping.
3icAilister Street.
r;QQ McALLISTER^2 JSLEGANTLY FUR-
-000 iilshed adjoining front rooms; hot and cold
water, With kitchen complete for housekeeping.
f'-\ Ql MCALLISTER— I OB 2 FINELY FUR-
\) I t7a n bhed rooms for housekeeping, or 2 gen-
tlemen.
aiinsion street.
O1 JT MISSION— LARGE SUKNY ROOMS
010 iurnished complete for housekeeping; bath;
toilet.
B~OQ MISSION— I HOUSEKEEPING ROOM,
OOP $8, and 1 at $6 per month. ,
Q9^l MISSION ST.— COMPLETELA' FUR-
•' — ')•> nished sunny housekeeping -rooms; ex-
clusive bath and porch.
I llY'i MISSION— BEAUTIFUL FRONT PAR-
t.yJOO lors; complete housekeeping: 3; $15.
1 41 7 mlssion— front A N r> " back par-
-*-^ t -l 1 lor; complete or housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
404 NIN TII-THKER NICE HOrSEKEEP-
rxxjn: Ing rooms; furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
V\(Y> NINTH— FLAT OF six FURNISHED
O\J~ rooms complete for housekeeping; low rent.
. I owell Street.
40Q POWELL-3 FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
rtxjt/ housekeeping; lady's board taken for rent.
South FarK.
-I A SOUTH PARK-SUNNY FURNT^HED
X\J rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
Stockton Street.
1 70Q STOCKTON-2 LAR(^E ROOMS FUR-
-1 I I/O nished complete for housekeeping; rent
$11.
_ Third Street.
•1 A o THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J_tfcO rooms; complete front; bath: gas. 1
Twelfth Street.
1A r TWELFTH— N ICE L V FURNISHED
XrtO housekeeping rooms; also single.
Valencia . Street
Of\4 VALENCIA— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OUtt fi out rooms and kitchen; private family.
Vallejo Street.
1 9Q9 1 VALLEJO — FURNISHED ROOMS
1-iO— 2 for light housekeeping.
Washington street.
CAO WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\j£i ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
HOPSKKEEPIKG ROOMS — Continued.
Yerba liuena Street.
BYERBA BUENA— 2, 3 OR 4 UNFUR-
-0 nished rooms to family without children.
UOOMS TO~LKI.
liush Street.
1 01 9 BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
■LV/-L— alcove room; also others; bath; private
family.
Clay Street. - ..
1A 1 Q CLAY —LARGE COMFORTABLE
X.\LA-U room for gentleman, $7. ■ .
i-dtly Street.
9Q EDDA'-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
«■» single and double; terms reasonable.
1 TO EDDY— ROOMS; NEW FURNI-
XiO ture; clean beds; $5 up; also licht house-
keeping.
Kighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2S BTH
0 st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street. ■
7f)r! ELLIS-NICE i,Y FURNISHED SUNNA'
I \j\j front parlor, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
.Everett Street.
(*A EVERETT-SU.NNY SINGLE FURNISH-
<J'i ed room, S4 per month. ,
Garden Street.
n GARDEN ST., NR. DEVISADERO-4
rooms, $10: all modern improvements.
Geary street.
01 71 GEARY— SINGLE FURNISHED RMS.;
*- 112 grate; running water: rent reasonable.
Golcleu Gate Avenue. 1 .
99Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
£i£ix) nished front connecting rooms.
QQA GOLDEN GATE AYE.-sUNNY FRONT
uOu room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family;
reasonable.
409 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY FUR-
tlv/«j nished sunny front parlor and alcove.
Hickory Avenue
QQQ HICKORY AYE.— ROOMS AND BATH. !
OOP Inquire 601 Hayes st.
fiunurtl Street.
"1 91 71 HOWARD-LARGE ROOM, SUIT-
J-— 1 I a able 1 or 2 young men; gas, bath; pri-
vate family.
ijUNELY FURNISHED FRONT, ALSO HOUSE-
S: keeping room. 704 Howard.
ilyrte street.
pURNISHED BOOMS, SINGLE OR EN
-T suite: sun nil day: housekeeping If necessary,
809 Hyde st., nr. Sutter.
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-•Vf I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to *30.
henriiy Street.
\ RLINGTON HOUSF., KEARNY— PLEA9-
Jt\- ant eunny rooms, en suite and single; first claa*
Id every respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
1 OAA LA RKIN — LARGE SUNNA' FUR-
1-vU nished front room, $7 a month; single $5.
1 RT»7 L ABE I N— NICKLY FURNISHED
-LO I I front room suitable for gentleman, $12.
Market Street.
707 MARKET, OPP. GRANT AVE.-NE WLY
I O I furnished rooms; en suite or single; day,
week ormonti>; prices reasonable.
-] 7VT Q MARKET, liOVK SIX thTTn rear-
J- \J-L'J Light, airy, sunnyfurnlshedrooms;cheap.
■yOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.'
i- Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to ijil : week. $1 50 to $5: families
TT99 MA R X ET— N i cely FURNISHED
JLJL*—— suites; also single rooms; .$2 to $6 week.
"I OAt KT-THE MONARCH— SUNNA"
1 Oil) furnisned rooms single or en suite; all on
first floor: from $6 upward.
TTN FURNISH ED ROOMS] 1812 MARKET,
U Van Ness House; sunny undlarce.
Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET— ELEGANTLY
furnished sunny front room: 1 or 2 gents.
ii i-ion ■street.
EUROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION—
J-J furnished rooms, t-iu?le or eu suite: transients.
Montgomery Street.
; m MONTGOMERY 1 — ROOMS EN SUITE
I—l or single; $5 month up; cooking allowed.
Post Street.
Ql r.A POST— NEATLY FURNISHED SIN-
t/-LtJ gle rooms: gas and bath; $5 and $B.
"I COl POST— NICKLY FURNIS !IED ROOMS
-LtJ-- L single ordouble; terms reasonable.
.'. Seventeenth Street.
{ i-) SEVENTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO—
*i"l— Large sunny front room, handsomely fur-
nished; in a private f mily.
Sixth Street.
QQ SIXTH— THE HILLSDALE. PUNNY
*)O rooms; ulncle and en suite: $1 tosl 50 a day.
Stockton street.
71 -\ STOCKTON — SUNNA' FURNISHKn
I X X rooms for houseketp $I'J per month.
1 Q1 A STOCKTON- FRONT suit BUITABLK
i-t)±*± doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
Sutter Street.
9£l J SUTTIiR— NICEBAA'-WINDOW FLAT;
*£iU I "isun all day: modern: $ 16.
Taylor Street.
f'\ 9 TAA'LOR, NEAR POST— V! SUNNY HALL
Ul« bedrooms. .
7I A TAA'LOR^ NEA B " TIR-NEATLY
I -LU furnished room in private family.
Third Street.
\\- IN< HK<TI HOUSK— 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market; most convenient biki respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; «1 50 to $ti per week •
electric ligh tain evenrnoß: reading r'm: tree bus.
099 THIRD— FURNISHED SUNNA'
ij£i£i front room for housekeeping; also single;
reasonable.
Turk Street.
1 9Q TURK-2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; RENT
.L_O reasonable.
"117 TURK-SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
OV I Toom; gasasd bath; $5.
7\AO TURK— SINGLE SUNNY BOOM, WITH
O^tO gas; private; $5.
Van Ness Avenue.
CAT VAN NRSS AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
O\JX suite: also sunny bay-window room.
OflQ Va m nX S S AYE.-COMFORTABLE
Ov/O sunny front room for gentleman.
Washington Street.
100 ft WASHINGTON, NEAR POWELL-2
IVvU nice rooms; $5 and $8.
3l^scellHneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL— FUR-
nlshed rooms, sincle or en suitP: $8 and $16 1111.
IXFUKMSHKU KOOMi.
UNFUBNI SHED NY "^OOMS^TSni
Lewis, oiY Tavlor. near Post st.
JBOAHi>»>(i A.N it iwuojl!».
h^^vlnd^r3ie^eTfamTlVliotelTi46i
Van Ness aye., |cor. Bush st.: everything new
and fresh: excellent board; no Chinese employed.
COO GOLDEN GATE AYE.-FINELY FUR.
UOO nished rooms with lirst-class board; reason-
able. ■ i
r>Ol BUSH— SUNNA' FRONT SUITE, WITH
D^jl board lor 2, 45: olngle, $20 up.
VTEW GOLDKN GATE HOTEL. 131 AND 136
i-i Fourth St.; new furniture and carpets through-
out; table lirs: class; terms reasonable; American
plan; free bus to and from depot. . .-••.-:
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A family
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. '
. ' VHIU)K£N BOAKI>KI>.
0~ NE OR 2 CHILDREN^Fo^fSATtDTTToOM
for parent if desired: no other children. 123
Germania st. - :
ADA' WISHES SMALL CHILD TO BOARD'
refined borne; no other children; 618 Eddy st.
IDDLE - AGED LADY WISHKS , THE
charge of one or two children; will give a
mother's care. Call or address 347 B St.. Oakland.
STORiS TO LET.
OfW^E^OND^^ll^irXAllGT^ in
business neighborljoo 1 830. UMB-
SEN, 14 Montgomery st.
TORE 10x25; NO. ROOMS; UANDA' FOR OF-
flcn or any little husinesi; rent cheap. 318
Leavenworth st., near Ellis.
TORE 2107V3 POWELL ST., NEAR FRAN-
cisco, consists of large store ai»d kitchen; suit-
able for a restaurant: key at premises.
ORNER (STORB-SW. CORNER POWELL
\J and Francisco sts.,. suitable for grocery and
saloon business; contains large store with 4 rooms
In the rear; key a; premises. " 
TORE; 1524 HOWARD ST., COR. OF LA-
O fayette; fixtures for ualoon ; cheap rent. Apply
2838 Mission st. ; •
T7IOR. RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE and
J part of store. 221 and 288 Market st.
t"r • •\. v • .... 1 . *. i . ■
JT tenants; cottages, flats, |5 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. - • .
LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL3
building, 926 Market: rents low; no extra
coarse for gas, J»nltor services or heating. Apply
at buildins or U. H. UMBSKN A CO., 14 Montg. St.
PIANOS, VIMUVx, ETC.
; pi REAT BARGAIN I N "piano's." hornung's
VT Piano House, 216 Post st. ■ ,
\\.' M. BADGER BE. MOVED TO 26 O'FAB-
* » rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
TV EW UPBIGHT PIANO CHEAP ON AC-
.1.1 count of removal. 723% McAllister st. '
AGNIFICENT BABY GRAND HABDMAN
piano, line order, for s»le at a sacrifice. THE J
DEWING COMPANY I'iano Warerooms, second
floor Flood building.
\TICE UPBIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR S75 1 ;
JL> Km. 10, 809 Market st._ j ■ -. • -
MAGNIFICENT PARLOB OBGAN ; MUST
sell; nearly new. 313 Devisadero st.
S OUB NEW RENT CONTRACT plan
for sellinc; pianos' has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
tliat wish to take advantage of it; please call aud
have it explained. BHEBMAN, CLAY <fc CO.,
corner Kearny ami Sinter sts.
ffl» I 7r- ( ASH OB INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<311lt>. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
V I ■ w YORK MAKE UPBin HT GRAND «166;
IN Weber $275. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st. .
n EMOVED— f7~W. SPENCER <ft COL TO 838
XV* Post st., near Powell, sole agents Conover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
ECKER BBOS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOIILER &'■
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
E^ ASY TERMS; LOW PItICES. kohler &
CHASE.
N ELEGANT DISPLAY OF MANDOLINS, I
guitars and banjos at MA UVAIS 1 , 769 Market.
IMNE PIANO FOB SALE OR BENT CHEAP.
± SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st.,nxt Hibernia Bank
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMEK,
Newby «fc Evans, Brigg3 and other pianos.
QUPEBIOB VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O 11. MULLEB, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOSIEK,
0 $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55
HEINE, 410 Po3t st. • ■ •T. •
HICKEIUNG, KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: special inducements for the holi-
days; see our new piano for $187; pianos for rent:
open evenings. • BENJ. CUKTAZ <fc SON 16
O'Farreli. ■ - .
PIANOS— ' ' ~
X Hazelton, Hemme nnd Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
\ BBIVED— A LOT OF CELEBBATED HtGH-
-iV grade 'l. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices nnd terms moderate. 11. LUEDEBS, 82
Ninth st.
HA I X ES BHUS.' "pi \ O— A SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano that we have
hitherto handled: we invite n critical inspection,
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
PEN FOlt BUSINESS. J
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
in &an Francisco. J. HABRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Sprcrkels building.
BUSS . S».
T^o7rSATE^>RTH3cc7rA3^
J Bter; will drive double or single; can be seen
at Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply 504
Sutter st.
OBSES PASTURED; A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyie
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"1 Cf| SETS NEW AND OND-HAND HAR-
XOXJ ness: also wagons, baggies and horses:
contracting outfit: sand w&gonsaud scrapers. ll'.'S
Mission st.
D. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUB-
geon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOB. SALE: ALSO WAGON-)
I\f bugeies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsi
Market, 'i'll Sixth Bt.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Ijlll BETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
J-vU kinds: second-hand wagons, bupijy, cures:
also 20 choan horses. Kifteentu and Valencia «*.
MA(.(i.i> A>O CABKIAGKS;
A N "ELEGANT SPrDEBPHAETON,"WHICH
-^x-has been used for 2 months, will be sold for
bait Its original value. For further information in-
<ium- at 32 O'Farrell St., room 6.
jjl GGIES AND WAGONS OF EVERY STYLE
l> made to order: woodwork, repairing and job-
bin;; promptly done. W. Y. DEAN (with M". L.
llbert), 203 Fremont st. ■
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND BAT.
ton fnrnitnre at the factory aud save middlo-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First St., near Mis-
sion.
GREAT DANE PUPPIES 11 OLD;
— good psdiicrea: onebriudie. other yellow : <heap.
DRY'EB, 1609 ■nty-fourth, near Hofiman aye.
IT.!-..-H COW, 8.4 JERSEY; SECOND CALF.
Apply to JAS. HANKIN, Fort Point, Presidio.
<D»Q A SOLID GOLD WALTHAM WATCH,
tQ OV7. new at Chris: will exchange for a bi-
cycle in good condition. Address KING, 31
Laurel place.
PICT U IN FRAMES CHEAP— THE FLY-
X ing Defender, The White Navy, San Francisco
Steampshlp; plate-glass mirror, 20x48 inches, dam-
aged; all In frames. JONES, 547 Mission st.
IMB OUTFITS. MIBBOBS.CASH I.STEBS,
-l-> scales. etc ; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission St.
MONABCI CARD SLOT MACHINES KOR
i-'J- sale or given away. KAHN .V; CO., 220 Cal. St.
IJELLOWS, ANVIL. VISE. TONGS, M A L
J-> steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st. -"
L IKE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
-1 press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay St.
ENCYCLOPEDIA BBTTANNICA, $25. KING'S
XX olq bookstore. 15 Four.h st.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE BIZB
fire and arglar proof safe. 221, 223 Murket st.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
■i-> hand. W. S. RAY' Mfg Co., 12 California st.
COUNTER S, SHELVING! SHOWCASED
' ' bought and told 112iy Market bet. 7th and
El> li : A 1 1 0 HAL
mjiuHnN'TfEßM^NTo!^ ttsaTToxXnt)
yj writing by a German lady. Address M., box 47,
this oflicc.
"XI ISSBOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
■i'l st.— Board, English, French, pi no. diincing.
$30 11 mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children v superior educa-
tlonutlow figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
I ENGLISH LITEBATURE AN D MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MBS. EHBMAN, 1231 Bush st.
j EABN MORE, SAVE MONEY AND TIME
XJ at 825 Mission St.; no class work; bookkeeping,
arithmetic, penmanship, grammar, etc., taught. -
QPA NIS INTRENCH, Etc. PRoF.DkF I L IPPE'S
O Academy of Languages; 320 Post; cstab. 1871.
1 > ELASCO'S LYCEUM BCHDO L. OF ACTING—
X* Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stttge. B. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTBICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical eneineerlng. soxveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN I>c;n NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
PREPARBDPOR THE CNiVKR-
-0 slty, law and medical colleges; day and eveniu
classes. 333-335 Phelau building.
b OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVEBSITY AYE..
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. a.. Principal.
\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAB, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L.MERKI, 225 Geary :reasonable
A LMER E. HYER, TEACHER OF PIANO,
xi- banjo, mandolin. 405 Geury st., room 17.
DIVIDUAL instruction Ii( »OK KEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehl's College, 723 Market.
QPaNLSH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODEBATB.
OMeisterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
VJ IGHTSCHOOL;IIEALD'SBUS. CX)LLEUE;24
i-i Post: commercial, shorthand, English; low rate*
IOLIN, MANDOLTnT CELLO. B ANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FBANCIH, l(U5i/ 3 Valencia.
7 HEMISTRY ami ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and I'owell sts.
AN PBANCIBCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123U
C 5 Market: send for cut. : day nnd evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-cV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
»ENTIHTS.
BT^G^OR^SE~^vT^iIKKT"TJIE^GE^^^
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetli
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PA.CN 1.1 ss EXTBACTION. ~ 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 8lr>:; 4 ("ieary.
ABET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
\K. 11. H. SHAW, 224 KEABNY — BRIDGE-
X) work 11 specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ,
DA. MEYER, LATE OF 148 SIXTH ST., BE-
moved to 1012 Mission, near Sixth: Mas given.
DH. L. 'I.CHANZ-EXTRACTION PAIN 1.1 >S.
crown work, bridge work aud teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
/ IBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 JIAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gns specialists; only reli-
alil«ni<ent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm r >; fillings frm $1 : extracting 50c. with gas sjtl.
S7ASET I«>k TEETH: WABBANTED AS
O • pood as can be made; hlling $1. DH. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLU.M HlLi,. - 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting; when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teethjrom $8 per set: extracting sOc; kus given,
COLTos DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BU6 M.AR-
J ket st. DR. CHA RLES W. DECKER. .
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR.GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: sumlays till noon.
L.L. WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
BICYCLES. ~~
W 1 n i)so 1 1 BIC I YCLES: STBICTLY HIGII
. »». grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A CU., 324 Post at., s. F.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS i 6 LET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allister and Powell st. car lines. •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CC. P.KMIS.
. BEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
. * FOB SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; a3 a
whole or in subdivisions.
$11.000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.; 55x
137 :G feet. V - :-,■ ,-;> ■
$2600— E. sid'- of stnnyan Bt., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$4fiO— CarlOß Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$8700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackaon St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and buy.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses
make off? r. .
$3500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— l.ot on Duncan St., bet. Noc and Ca3tro: 25
Xll4feet.
$8500— KleRant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sis.
•s3oo— Choice building lots north of pars.
IT IS A HEALTHFUL s i 7 6T"f^7TtvXle
Terminal Tract. Lots* ,$lOO up.
<KWn MUST BE SOLD: OFFEB WANTED:
<Jp^nJU. this lot is worth double; 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments: title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
(BiQXn NEW 4- ROOM AND BATH COT-
iTpUtJ\J. tage, with basement, including level lot,
25x100, fronting San Mateo electric road: on
Chenery st. aud Joining new Castro-st. addition;
SlOOdown, $10 monthly. -
JACOB HEYMAN, ;-'. ■-■' ■■'■ ■ -
Boom 5. Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS; NEW BESIDENCES;
X from $7500 up; on Gough st., ur. Broadway:
contain S and 9 rooms each, with all modern im-
provements: electric lighting; furnaces; houses
papered and decorated; everything finished in
first-class manner: street to be paved at expense
of own»r; houses- open for Inspection; terms easy.
Apply on premises. ■'
BIG $6000 BARGAIN: ONLY ONE LEFT
-L) out of five; just completed; new, substan iul,
beautifully finished park residence of 8 rooms, fin-
ished basement and attic 1226 Waller St.. ne^r
Masonic aye. . .-■-■;
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW KACE-
-IJ track; low prices; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st.
©USE AND LOT; 1318 LEAVEN WORTH
St., bet. lay aud Waaaingtou; 9 rooms and
bath; electric lighting; hot-air furnace; been
rented for $60; reduced from $8500 to $7250. Ap-
ply MADISON <fe BUBKE. ■ .
IriBUITVALETEBMINALTBACT; D. PBATT,
X I Yrultvale Sta. THE MCCARTHY. CO., 646
Market st,. S. F. Lots $100 ap; easy terms.
<*iil 9 I\(}C\ SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
»iPx^.V'\/\J. 727 Golden Gate aye.; lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. BUliard-room ; frcscoinj, etc. Open
for inspection.
OUSES BUILTSISO TO $2/5 A BOOM;
and examine n lan*. 1149 Mission s'.
COIjNTKV HEAL ESTATi,.
}"?or" sa le~on j Accov^F^oF^DKjCrn^ov
. owner— 42o-acre stock and fruit ranch (Ynba
County): fine hard finished 2-story house, com-
pletely furnished, runuing water, good outbuild-
ings, some stock, several mines on the place; also,
I 123 acres well Improved, good buildings, in same
locality; terms easy. M., box 14, Call Olllce.
rro 1.K1—3 SMALL CHICKEN BANCHES:
-I- $7 60, $8 and $10 permontn. GC. YOUNG,
Petaloma,
1?OH SALE OR EXCHANGE— ACRES: 200
X 1 level. 60 clear; nico oi^rard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and watetT good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly ull fenced: close to large town: 10
hours from city; $3000: part cash, balance on
time; will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., bux 77, this office.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACBES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. . : • '
Bancno de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land ; no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; j?4O to $75uer«icre; terms made
to suit; send for ircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVF.SiMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
ARGAIN— 4 LOTS, SITUATED BETWEEN
Fruit vale and San Leaudro, suitable for
chicken-ranch ior $200 cash; cost over double.
326_McAlllster st.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEABS.
H". IX SICKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
318 Post St., Het. Stockton and Powell, S. F.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO.. CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 6 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
! and a ball miles from Oakdale, the principal station
i of the southern Pacific Bailroad on line between
StocKton and Merced. The. Stanislaus and Saa
.loaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
I riptual water risrht.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
! either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
| ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
I Bloods. Th« property is under the immediate
1 direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
j who has received diploma* and medals at eight
; different county fairs in the State and for a small
I consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
a ij,h and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters. • ■
Prices for land, Including a perpetual water rlsht
ana planted to orange trees. $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn, fully paid up water nphts. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchaso price payable in
; six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
j ftct and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
KASTON, ELDBIDGE& CO.,
638 Market Street.
• San Francisco. Cal,
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
\ Oakdale, CaL
4 TO BACRK CHICKEN' BANCHES ON 10
X years' credit. I). H. TWINO. Sonoma City,Cai.
"I A ACRKs, S100: MOBE SAME PRICE; PAY-
-L \J able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
bargain in California; secure a home: you will uos
miss the $2 a we"ek: will be worth $5 to $1.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY', 640 Market, st.
QENDFOBOCB LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTEB & WIUTI'ON. San Jose.
V WEEK'S NEW 3 FOB 5 CENTS — TH3
XX WEEKLY CALL. Id wra'JDer. for mallinit. •
TO EXCHANGE.
T - ~ v c you to exTl f a n Ti if "fo r
>' 160 acres of fruit land in Placer County near
I'enivn? Addtess C. A. AYDWELL. 23 Davis.
MONEY TO LOiA.
* V CE S^ONlJlAjio ND S^TEVVEL R To"
Columbia Loan it Collateral OUice, 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MOBTGAOES;
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bute. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ST AND 2D MOBTGAOES; CITY OB COUN
X try: administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
OBTG AGES, P«OBA 1' E LOANS, WAR.
rants, SALOMON & CO., 328Moritgmry,r.214.
M" \ ONEY LOANED, CV- PEB CENT ON
I>l mortgages. A. F. JOHNS «fc CO., 632 Market st.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market St., nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR DIAMONDS^
Jewelry, furniture and pianos without removal;
loweet rates. Call or write to HARRY ANKEL 4
CO., Mills bldg. Bth floor, r 6; strictly confidential
ON FURNITURE AXI) PIANOS, W ITIIOUT
removal. Room OS, Donohoe b'd'ir, 117,0 Market
\\rilY. PAY *5 ON TIIK HI.'NDR] COM-
" mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to
$6000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.
T OANS ON REAL' ESTATE' IST AND 2ND
XJ mortgages, undivided interest*, estates, and on
furniture or pianos, without removal, In the city
and Oakland or Alaneda; any amount: lowest
rates;all business confidential: savings bank books
bouKht. Ca:l or write to BECKEB.24O .M .gomery.
OANS— FIBST AND SECOND M< >\\ T( a"i i KS;
city or country: fnrriituro and pianos; business
strictly priVitte. Boom 88. «'hronic|e building. .
\ iVMtItOKERS. 7" ~
A"~tF~I2H KKAKNY ST.. BOOM 9—
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elavator: pled»;e!> for sale cheap. ■
~~ SXOKAUE ~~"
vSraiTiCND FBKIQ HT TRANSFER CO.,
Fifth and Blnxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, Shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses; low rates: advances made. Tel. sou:h 388.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, pia vos, HOUSE-
boId goods, etc. J. M. PIEBCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
"' Storage: low rates: telephone South 702.
ViRbT-CLASSSTORA(Ji; ; ADVANCES
J 421-423 Market gL CHAS. L. TAYLOR.
PHYSICIANS.
RTATniTrucTs^rliVßTcT^un^uE^^
University Tnrln,ltaly. Nucleus w(tg,s6l Markt
BfV UK. PA BLOW, CHIBOPODIST. 126
Kearny, rm. 47,' hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. "Nicholas.
I ) I . MOV f.Y)-DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1200
J\» Market St.: diseases of women a specialty. .- .
lUNAJSCIAL.
•pEBSONS^ \vIao~W^NT'T^O^PER~CENT
-L Interes a year on their moaey/shouM cousuU
I. W. ENT/5 & CO.. 401 California st.
NT SUM OF MONEY' ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real • estate: lowest
rate: call aud state your proposition or write; oven
evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission st. .
DING ANIJ LOAN ASSOCIATION.
ipiolirTiHßOTAirroiunN^ ahd "loaSTaS'
VJ soclation— Honae oflice, 222 Sansome. St., S. F.
General savinss »t loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eld ridge V.Pr.;W Corbln,Sec.&Gen.3laa
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
FOR SALE AT A SACRIFICE— LOD&-
inct-honse. For particulars call or write BKXJ.
W. FERRIS, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
•Q Of MONTHLY FOR f>-ROOM COTTAIiKS:
•jp^W plans free. F. BOKGLK. GoWteri Sate statn.
<ft 1 C() LOTS NEAR THE ALTKXIIKIM IX
«JT-L«J«J. Fraitvalo: electric cars: only $1 dowu
end $1 a week; selling fast; pood improvements
H. H. PIXXEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKSITIKE MIX SALE
HOLIDAY PRESBNTS HALP BRICK, a-th".
S Ul ';'.''. l .-.. 1 ' furniture-store. F.lcvpiith st
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM RKAL ! STATE.
<299f|n Ss ° CASH, *22 50'MO.NTHLyTb
«4P-j.i<W. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— X0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— $hO cash; $30 "monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath ; handsome new cottase.
53260— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 83x100; ele-
gant cottage oa principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bat 11.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 3S:4xlOO;
hamlsorne colonial cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
MAitCUSK & RKMMEL, Bay-st. sia-iou, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
Qfl f\l | DOWN, BALANCE MONTHLY PAY-
*4T-'-^ M ' ments— Fine nearly new modern 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath ; near station, school and
churches; must be sold: call' and see ul ouce. H.
P. MOREAL, 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
<fttl DO DOWN — ELKOANT NEW 5-ROOM
<|P-LUU modern cottas:e In center of city, close to
school and station; lot 3f>xlso: prica $2250. For
immediate sale ■ Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda. "•■•-,•
Qj/innn NEW andm<TFeun house OF 7
<L[p"iv/UW. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
good locality; terms installments. JOSEPH
A. LEOXARD CO., 1H64 Park St., Alameda.
SANTA CLARA COUHTY.
KBAIi ESTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LAND 3.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cal. :
MEDICAL.
A blessTno" to~ladTes — 1 xstaxtT r ; c
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most exi>erienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited; home in conlinement: treatment
warranted: advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
VIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
AN PROCESS— XO M DICIN E, INSTRU-
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician lor alt female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ".knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases jruararueed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
lAJIUSS — CIIICIIESTEIt'S ENOUSH PBW-
-i ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
Bafe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by retura
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa.
TABER'S "INFALLIBLE PREVENTIVE? 7
for either sex : send 2c for information or 50c
for trial jar. TAYLOR CHEM. CO., box 1898. S. F.
LADIES — DATJDET'S FEMALE KEGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
T\R, HALL, I4McA LUSTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ABL'KE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a heme in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. UWYER. U26 Turk st.
DL" l'HAK's XX.MA 1.1. i . I ■.( i V LA I'INU PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagojrue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS&CO., druggists, 4o6 Clay st-.sole ag'ts.
\ HOMK, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
JrV MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
It. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases Of women and restores all irregulari-
ties in one day, puaranteein^ a cure or no charge;
regulator *2; home for patients. IK7O Market st.
\|KS. ])K. WEuENEK; PRIVATE HOMEfIN
•»1 confinement: irregularities cured in a few
honrs without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st. '
LL FKMALE IRUE(iCLA~RITIKS BE-
-TV. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pilis guaranteed; consult free.
MKs. DR. WYETII, 916 Post St., near-Larkin.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS. A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with irregulnrities: no danger;
safe and sure; $'Z 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
IF IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASE
J see Mrs. Dr. Pnetz and be content. 254 V 4tli.
V.KUA.L. NOTICES.
T^KipAliT^JE^N^'MrifTp^O^ 1 1 1 X
XJ Superior Court, in snd for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the mat-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 14th
day of January, A. i>. 1896, *t 10 o'clock a.m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, al the new City Ur.ll, in the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California, have been ap-
polnted as the time and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. AIOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appll-
cation of JOHN •'. HUGHES and JA.MF.s W.
MCELROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 3, A. D. 1896.
[Seal.] . CHAIiLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By F. B. HOUGHTOX, Deputy Clerk.
JAMES A. v.MI Hi-., Attorney lor Petitioners.
ATOTICE TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF JOHN
-L\ CLYDE, deceased. Notice Is hereby giren by
the undersigned, administrator of the estate of the
Bald JOHN CLYDE, deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons haying claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them with the necessury
vouchers, within four (4) months after the iirst
publication of this notice, to the said administrator
ftt his offices, 319 Pine street, San Francisco, Cal.,
the same being his piace for the transaction of
the business of the said estate in the City and
County of san Francisco, State of California.
A. C. FREEBE, Administrator of the estate of
JOHN CLYDE, deceased.
Dated at Ban Francisco, December 5, 1896.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator,
519 Pine street. San Francisco, Cal.
ATTOK?!EirB-AT-LAV*\ ~~
jr^uTßlrYT^rT'TXSr^
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
ADVIOB 1 FREE; J DIVORCE AND t PROBATB
laws a epecUlty; suits, Superior, Justice and
l'olice Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc
O.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, t<so Market,cor.Si,ockton
W\V. .DA VIDSON, ATTORN X Y-AT-L AW ,42(1
« California st.. rms. 14-16; ndylcf free
aiAKUIAGE UVXNSKB.
The following marriajre licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's ofticf yesterday:
H. S. WigEina and Elizabeth F. Fallen, 27— 3 a
John \V. White and Xelliu McUrosran, 37—27.
John T. Halev and Lottie M. Mervy, 24—20.
B. J. de Mello and Yguocuk s. Lopez, 49—35.
I). M. Fletcher, and A. K. Dannenbaum, 82— SB.
Adolph Levy and Hatrle Livmcston. 46—26.
JO.lO 1. da Silvaanil Maria Dias. 46—33. i-; •..:'
BSUTIIS — 31AKRIAGES — DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of tho publication oiMces aud be indorsed
with the name and residence of persona authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
BEAL— January 3. 1896, to the wife of John F.
Beal, a daughter. . •
BREMLER— December 22. 1895, tothe wife of
R. Bremler, a daughter.
BEGLEY— In this city, December 31, 1595, tothe
wife of Teddy Besley, a son.
DILLER— In this city, December 29, 1886, to the
wife of J. Diller, a daughter.
HUXTABLE— It tins city; January 2, 1898, to the
wife of H. J. Huxtable, a son.
SKELLY— In tn!s city, January 2, 1896, to the
wife 01 Edward Skelly, a son.
TENNYSON— In this city, December 31, 1895, to
the wife of Captain T. Tennyson, a dnujrhter.
MAHKIKD
DOUGHERTY— PERRY— In Oakland, January 1,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Coyle, James s. Dougherty
and OIU Myrtle Perry, Doth of Oakland.
TUBB— WILSON— In this city, January 2, 1896
by the Rev. William 11. Tubb. Thomas F. Tubb
and Emma K. Wilson, both of San Francisco.
lill.L>.
Bernard, Ellen Neary, Annie
Calverl. Mary A. , , Ne.snn. Mrs Bridget
Donobue nh u Nutz, Frederick
Dn;/.icli, John . Pape, William F.
Dunn, Mnry (lulnlan, Bartholomew
Field, Maude ' Hodden, Alice F.
Fit/.i,'eral.i, James Saravia, Gen. Don R.
Fulton, John Schomacker, Henry D.
Harris, Alden .Seamon, Frank J.
Hitchcock, Hollls Bberidan, Emma
Howard, Bridget Thornton, Honry
Latson. Francis P. Van Arnam, W. C.
McCarthy, Hannah . . Welsh, Mary. M.
Young, Francis
BERNARD— In this city, January 1, 1896, Ellen,
wife of the late John Bernard of Santa Clara,
Cal., and beloved mo her ol John F., William . I.
and Frances E. M. Bernard, a native of County
Clare, Ireland a^ed CS years and months.
j>s"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
foil.- invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock a. V., from her Inte
residence, 11 Oak Qrov* aveaue, between Fifth
and Sixth streets. Harrison and Bryant, thence
to St, Row's Church. Brannan street, where a
requiem high niiis-; will be celebrated fir tlio
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock *. M-.
Interment private.
CALVERT— i;i this city, Jnnuiry 2, lbf»6. Mar.r
a., widow ol t;i ■ late Harry W. Calvcrt, and
sister of P. 1.. Downer of tne ii. M. S., a native of
Vermont, a^ed 63 years.
£3"rrknU ana aciiuaintances ara respect-
I lolly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at •_• o'clock p. m., from tho par-
lors of balsted <fc Co., 946 Mission street,
Interment Uasonic Cemetery.
°".>?' a.-^Offlcera Snd members of Ivy Chanter Xo.
r/' O. >.. 8., ara requested to attend the luneral
of our deceased sister. Mary A. Calvert. from
Ilalsted's Dnder taking Parlors. 9d6 Mission
8 ree , THIS I>.\V (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p.m.
l>y order of the Worthy Matron,
■ HELEN M. PATTERSON*.
Eva D. Salsbchy, Secretary.
DONOHL'K— In Napa, Cal., January 3, 1896, John,
beloved husband ol Julia Donohue, a native of
County Kern,', Ireland, aged 63 years.
XMTFrieuds and acquaintances ar« rssmct-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), a) 0:49 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Chnrcb for services at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRUZICH— In this city. January 2. 1896, John
Druzlch, a native of Pitve, Dalmaila, Austr.a,
aget) 48 years.
DUNN— In thiscitv, January 2. 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of John Dunn, and auni of Mrs. P. J.
Meehan and William Ahenrn, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 70 years.
4fS"Frlends and acquaintances are rpspect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 2103 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis lurch, where a solemn requiem mass win be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIELD— In Windsor. Cal., December . 30, 1895.
Maude, daughtPr of Jail 1 B. ndthe late thauncy
Field, and sister of Mrs. Gertrude Hadley, the
late Mrs. Kate Little, Mrs. Horace M. Woolley,
Mrs. M. G. Bugbee and Frank and Fred Field.
FITZGERALD— this city. James Fitzgerald,
beloved husband of Margaret Fitzgerald,
father of Mamie, Tessle. J:iriie. Nellie. Georse
and Addie Fitzgerald, and couMn of Mrs. R.
Keatlnjcof San Francisco and Mrs. Gallagher of
Nicaslo, a native of Ireland.
Fl LTON— In the City ana County Hospital, Janu-
ary 3. 1896, John Fnlton, aged 54 years. • •
HARRIS-ln San Diego, Cal.. January 2, Alden,
son of Lew B. and Minnie Harris, and grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Sampson, 14
years and 8 months.
HITCHCOCJf— In this city. January 3. 1896, at
Lane's Hospital, Ho li-j Hitchcock.
£3TThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday) at Bloomiield, Sonoma County, by
way of Petaluma.
HOWARD— In this city. January 3, 1896, Bridget
• Howard, beloved mother of Patrick and James
Howard and Mrs. M. Schermerhorn, a native of
the parish of Gurtnaclosha, County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 76 years.
•83TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her son Patrick, 413 Texas street,
between Napa and Butte, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock a. H. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
LATSOX— In this city, January 2. 1896, Francis
Palmer, beloved husband of Florida L. Lat.iOn,
brother of Mrs. Henry Rosekrans, Mrs. Hiram
Rosekrans, Mrs. Frank Ellis and Mrs. Emma
Myers, a native of New York City, aged 44 years
and 3 months.
fl-yFriends and acquaintances ar« resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M., from B'nai B'rith
building, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodee No. 136, F. and A. M.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 2, 1896, nan-
nah, beloved sister of Nellie MeCartbv, and
niece of Mrs. William .Ellard and Mrs. William
McCartcy, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 24 years. (Irish and Xew Zealand papers
please copy.j
JB?F"Friends and acquaintances are r»snect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:: 0 o'clock a. m.. from 1412V 3
Raker street, thence 10 St. Dominic's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEARY— In this City, January 2, 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Neary, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years and 4 months.
.JBss"FnendB and acauaintances are respeet-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 516 Howard sireet, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemrtery.
NELSON— In this city, January 2. 1806. Mrs.
Bridget Nelson, beloved mother of George H.
and the late William E. Nelson, a native of Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
aaJ"Fr!rnris and acquaintances are rpsnect- ;
fully invited to attend thefuucrai TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from he resi-
dence of her son, Ueorge H. Nelson, 2555 i.reen-
wich street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Bush and Stelner streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NUTZ— In this city, January 2, 1896, Frederick,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Nutz, and
father of Frederick. Emll and Willie N1117.. a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany, aged 73 years and
10 months.
jfr'if" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence. 412 " Day street, between Twenty-
ninth and Thirtieth, Sanchez and Xoe. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
PAPE— In South San Francisco. January 2. 1696,
William F.. beloved husband of Mary Pape, and
father of Emma. Elma, Willie and Henry Pape,
and brother-in-law of Miss Odalio and Frank
Barsch, a native of Garde-isted, Germany, aged
39 i ears 9 months and 27 days.
Jig-Friends and acquaintances are rosjMCt
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock p. if., from his lato
residence. Fifth avenue, between L and M
streets Sonth, thence to Masonic Hall, corner
Fourteenth ani Railroad avenues, where services
will be htld under the auspices of Bradford
Council No. 190, O. C. F. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
QI'INLaN — In this city, ' January 3. 1896. Bar-
tholomew, beloved husband of Elizabeth Quin-
lan, and father of Thomas and P. B. Quinlan and
Mrs. John D. Sheble. a native of Ireland, aged 91
years 8 months and 3 days.
ariT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday) from St. Francis Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RODDEX— In this city, January 3, 1896, Alice
Francis, bc'oved daughter of the late Charles and
Mary Rodden, sister of Johnnie, Mamie, Laura
andKiitie Rodden, anativeof Son Francisco,
aged 10 years and 5 months and 9 days, s »••?
CIS* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from tne resi-
dence of her mo:her, 636 Third street, thence to
St. llosf's Church for services.. Interment
Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
SARA VIA— In this city, January 2, 1896, at
12:50 o'clocK P. m., General Don Ramon Saravia
of the army of the Republic of Guatemala, a na-
tive of Guatemala, a*ed 62 years.
«3-Xotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the undertaking parlors of Godeau A Lipmuii,
326 sutter street.
SCHOMACKER-Inthls city, January 2. 1896,
Henry D., beloved son of Hermann and Mar-,
garet Schomacker, a native of San Francisco
a^ed 2 years.
J63T Friends and acauaintance<i arc rp*pest-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock r. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 140 Gough street. Interment
I. O. O. f. Cemetery.
BEAMOX— In this city. January 3, 1896, entered
Into rest, Frank J., beloved son of Mrs. Kate
Bremer and tne late Loilis Beamon, brother of
Mrs. David Kenney and Rosalie C Beamon, and
nephew of Mrs, James Butler and Mrs. R. O.
Callaghau, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years.
jJWThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at o'clock a. M., from his USM
residence, 803 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, -between Fourth
and Fifth, whexa a solemn requiem mass
Will be celebrated for the repOBS of his soul,
commencine at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— Iii thiscitv. Jnrtuary a 1596, Emma
Sheridan, s native of England, agt I 86yearj.
TIIORNTON-111 the City and County Hospital,
January 8, 1596, Henry Thornton, aged 77 years.
van ARXAM— In this city. January 1. 1896,
WUlard C. Van Arnam, a native of Illinois, aged '
59 years and t> months.
WELSH— In this c;ty. January 2.1596, M.irv Mar-
cella Welsii. dearly beloved daqgater of Patrick
and Delia Welsh, and nirce 01 Patrick Connelly,
a na ive of San Francisco, aged l year 2 mouths
and 16 days.
KST Friends and acquaintances nrc resnect-
fully invited to attend tue funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a.m., from 19 Mom
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG— In Oakland/January 2. 1896, Francis
Young, aged r>9 years.
°T " C.VITKD UXDEHTAKERS' *
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at K"iisona Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRKCTOR3 i ttBALMKB*,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone SOSO.
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
TN RANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAJT|
X. laid out ou the lawn plan; perpetual care; oeau-
Uful, permanent and easy of access; aeolt before
koyiu^ » "burial place elsewhere.
City 1 nice, » City Ilall Avenue
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fiHABXEs H. rniLLIPS, ATTORXKY-AT
V^ law * n!l Notary Pub'.ic, 63K Market <t_ oppj.
W 87tt* i±ol *'* ilsaldsuos XSiiVii'aUMi 'X«l#« {
1516
ASSEM BLED TEACHERS STILL HARD AT WORK
The Matter of Manual Train
ing Exhaustively Dis
cussed.
PAPERS ON PEDAGOGY.
Fine Programme of Vocal Music
During the Afternoon
Session.
NEXT MEETING AT SAN JOSE.
Officers Elected for the Ensuing Year.
Lecture by Dr. Le Conte of
the University.
Crowds of teachers, old and younp,
some fair and some wise, filled the audi
torium of the Oakland High School yes
terday forenoon at the opening of the
second day's session of the California
Teacl its Association's twenty-ninth an-
r.ual meeting. The lirst paper read was
the report of the committee on manual
training. Among other things mentioned
in the repor was the theory, frequently re
peated in different words, that manual
training ia not merely the training of the
hand, nor even the training of the mind
through the hand, but ratner cultivation
of the character through constructive
activity, '-(urls receive form? of manual
training different from those given to
boys. This distinction by sex is justified
and contrasted with teaching a special
•vocation.
"Mann&l training is rot, as is commonly
supposed, something new. Its status in
American schools is shown. It has been
applied as a subject of study in elementary
schools fur the past L'UO years. Most of
the historic educational writers have given
favorable utterance regarding it. In the
s xteentb century direct reference was made
to its value as a factor in the training of
boys. The history of manual training
threads the history of pedagogy. In the
infancy of the race the teacher, nature,
used manual training as almost her sole
•• for evolving the creature who
thinks. Manual training, therefore, ante
thit^s every other means of education.
"Clay modeling j>nc' drawing assuredly
are manual training. The Swedish an-i
Russian systems— these the dual founda
tion of American manual training — are
explained. Their contrasting character
istics are shown. The Swedish sloyd prin
ciple is best adapted »to the elementary
school."
The report conclude? by making the fol
lowing recommendations:
The teacher of elementary manual training
must also be available as the teacher of the
common school.
Tiie special teachers and supervisors of
manual training in other elementary, second
ary and normal schools must get their traiuing
in specialized institutions.
This opportunity for ihe preparation of
teachers must be provided before the best
manual training will come to be a common
thing.
Until the cominz of this day none but teach
ers in the truest sense of the word shall be ad
mitted to the manual trr.ining-rooms.
Finally, for the inauguration of work In
manual iraining, teachers of special skill and
Wisdom are demanded.
Next on the programme came an address
by Walter J. Kenyon of Stockton on
■What Has Been Done in California
in Elementary, Secondary and Spe
cial Schools?" Amonjr other things
the able essayist said that the
under-cultivation of the boy's faculties
puts a weapon in his hand which makes
him a greater criminal than he would have
been. In the language of Professor Bailey,
the boy whose mind is unduly educated
will become a forger instead of stealing a
loai of bread. This intellectual training
should be counterbalanced by physical
training.
"To schoolmen," continued the report,
"manual training has an added meaning.
We might consider it as intellectual train
ing through the hand. We come, then,
to another delin'.tion of manual training.
It is character culture throuch constructive
activity. It is this meaning of the term
that fcives manual training a right to be a
factor in the course of study.
"dirl-- receive as a rule a different man
ual training from that given to the boys.
The former having sewing, wood-carving
and cooking; tbe latter the bench work
and the woodshop. This difference is of
importance, as it teaches the distinction
between manual training and trade teach
ing. Cookinc and sewing are almost uni
ver>ai functions in the women's world.
It is then but just that eirls should be ed
ucated in these branches. In teaching a
girl this we make her a typical woman. In
teaching carpentry it v different. The
number of carpenters is a small portion of
the laboring class. It is the same in
other branches of trade.
•How is it then that bench work is the
most popular branch of manual training?
The only reason is that this work is more
easily adapted to the powers of the stu
PROFESSOR P. W SEARCH, PRINCIPAL OF THE LOS ANGELES NORMAL
SCHOOL.
[Sketched at the meeting yesterday.]
dent. But of course woodwork does not
stand alone. Manual training is Generally
believed to be a new thing. This is far
from the fact. Thirty years before George
Washington's time this branch of educa
tion existed. It would not be difficult to
prove that manual training is the oldest
branch of popular education."
The next paper was by James A. Addi-
Cott of San Jose, who took for iiis subject
''The Recommendation of Courses Desir
able and Feasible for Klementary Schools."
Among other good things, Mr. Addicott
said:
We are on the borders of a new field of edu
, cational work. Many traditional ideas are
1 disappearing. The physical activities of the
i child have not been utilized as they should be
i in the acquisition of learning. The time hrs
j come when manual training is recoenized to
be conducive of intellectual development.
' Manual training as treated in this report in
cludes bench work, paper-cut tine, etc. Your
; committee recommends a specific coarse in
I each branch. In addition to the* State course
of instruction we recommend a fifth course
of manual training and drawing. Up to the
eleventh grade the simple tine oi work should
j be followed, gradually leading up to the
: higher ways ot art as the artistic instinct is
developed.
The next speaker was Walter N. Bush
of San Francisco, who spoke on "Courses
Desirable and Feasible for Secondary
Schools" in particular. He said:
Reports from all the schools tell of the rapid
and healtny development of the system of
i manual training. In reports from twenty
geren schools it had been shown that other
studies have not been interfered with by man
ual training. California in the matter of
manual training has not been consistent. In
a series of articles on public schools in a lead
; ing daily only one article was devoted to the
system, and in that woodwork was styled "car
| pentering." While it was advisable to have
every boy brought in contnet with manual
training, yet the committee did not feel dis
posed to recommend such a course in country
: high schools, yet it is thought that in all cities
of 15,000 Inhabitants and over there should be
manual training in the high school. The com
mittee thoueht that the expensed an out
tit for manual training could be supplied tor
$8000. If ii complete equipment coufd be se
• cured at sue!; n figure it would be possible to
, satisfy any reasonable man of the wisdom of
' the outlay. On account of the expense in
; volved the committee did not desire to recom
mend the establishment of independent man
ual high schools. If the citizens of California
, are to keep pace with the schools of the East
they must pay more attention to training in
the secondary classes.
The next essayist was Charles H. Keyes
of Pasadena, who spoke on the nature of
the preparation required for teachers of
manual training. He claimed that man
ual training would equip the student
better for the pursuit of the higher
branches when combined with the usual
preparatory course than regular high
school studies without manual training.
"We must beware of the confusion of
-
PROFESSOR I. W. LINSCOTT, PRESIDENT OF THE TEACHERS' CONVENTION
FOR NEXT YEAR.
[Sketched yesterday by a " Call" artist.]
manual training," he said, "with the
teaching of trades that has its place, but
is not manual training as the committee
recommends it." He spoke of the differ
entiations of sex and said that it was un
derstood that the training of girls would
be directed toward their work in life.
After a lengthy and informal discussion
the report of the committee on manual
training, understood in the sense of the
speakers, was adopted by a unanimous
vote, after which an adjournment was
taken.
At the afternoon session in the First Con
gregational Church the attendance was
even larger than on the opening day. Two
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1896.
PROFESSOR T. J. KIRK OF FRESNO.
[Sketched from life.]
important matters were to come before the
association, the election of new officers to
serve during the ensuing year and the
selection of a place for the next annual
meeting. Much interest was manifested
in the election. The murmur of voices,
mostly feminine, resounded through the
sacred edifice, while every now and then
some silk-robed priestessof learning would
Hit abont seeking votes for her favorite
candidate, and what is more, getting them
as wejl, for the dear creatures were not to
be put off.
Small slips of white paper were used as
ballots, and there was great hurrying to
and fro in search of lead pencils wherewith
to mark the tickets. Some of these nencils
might have been in better condition, one
in particular which fell to the lot of a San
Joaquin Valley teacher being utterly use
less for writing purpose*. The little lady
did what her sex always do when they get
into trouble — she appealed to a man. But
in place of getting the man, who was none
other than the genial Fred M. Campbell,
to sharoen the pencil, she asked him for
his knife. The problem and its solution
may well be imagined — woman, plus pen*
knife, plus pencil; result, disaster. But
though she cut her dainty, snow-white
linger, she got in her vote and voted for
the winning man.
The balloting resulted in the election of
J. W. Linscott of Santa Cruz as president,
Mrs. Frances Deane of San Francisco and
F. M. Miller of San Diego as vice-presi
dents, Miss Anna Murphy of Sacramento
(re-elected) as secretary ,*with F. W. Hall
of Oakland as assistant, J. W. McCly
nionds of Oakland as railway secretary
and Miss Bessie G. Haslam of Santa Cruz
as treasurer.
As the names of the successful candi
dates were read off each was greeted with
a burst of applause, Mr. Linscott marine
a neat little speech in his own name and
as the representative of the newly elected
ofticrs. Among other things he earnestly
requested all teachers in California to be
come members of the association, express
ing his conviction that the society was
destined to become an important factor in
the educational history of the State. He
said that in the discharge of the Important
duties incumbent upon him in his new po
sition he would rely upon the advice and
co-operation of the members, and trusted
he would be abje to serve them faithfully
and, as far as in him lay, efficiently.
The California Quartet then gave a truly
charming interpretation of Arditi's ex
quisite waltz sons, "Come, Love, with
Me," in which Mr. Wendell's silvery high
notes soared brilliantly above the other
voices, with an effect as beautiful as it was
artistic. As an encore they sang Pinsuti's
arrangement of Longfellow's poem, "The
Bridge," in which Mr. Smith, the second
tenor, had a chance to do some tine phras
ing. The quartet's artistic work was
cordially applauded by the assembled
teachers, many of whom are known to be
exacting musical critics.
Then came another contest, the bone of
contention thvs time beinsi next year's
rendezvous. The Oaklanders were out in
force, and amid a frou-frou of godet skirts
and a flutter of bewinged and beribboned
bonnets, did all in their power to secure
the honor for their town. Their fond en
deavors were in vain, however. Count as
they might, they could not find more than
113 votes, while San Jose, apparently
without an effort, sscured 195. San Fran
cisco with 99 votes and Sacramento with
65 wer' altogether out in the cold. On
notion of Mr. Babcock the selection of
Sun Jose was declared unanimous, despite
a fee hie chorus of Quavering noes from one
corner of the gallery.
The weighty matter of next year's meet
ing place being now gotten out of the way,
the quartet again made its appearance
amid much appiause, and sang a tine ar
rangement of "Sally in Our Alley." The
words, to be sure, seemed hardly the thing
for a sedate gathering of educators, but
the graceful blending of voices was surely
worthy of any concert stage. Mr. Gage's
ringing high barytone carried the air in
some of the lines with a precision and
ability which earned him a volley of well
deserved applause. As an encore, the
quartet pave what might be called a
vocal extravaganza, or song burlesque.
The words were wonderful to relate,
"Hey Diddle Diddle, the Cat and the Fid
dle"; but the treatment was artistic in the
extreme. The old nursery rhyme was
fantastically arranged with startling reci
tations and some intricate fugue move
ments, concluding with an elaborate iinale
in counterpoint, in which Mr. Macßaine's
magnificent basso profundo made itself
heard to splendid advantage.
Professor Elmer Brown of the State Uni
versity then made a brief address, welcom
ing the assembled educators to Oakland,
and giving them all a cordial invitation to
the university buildings at Berkeley. He
dwelt at some length on the nobility of
the teachers' vocation, and expressed a
desire to meet and confer with any of those
present regarding the efficient methods to
be followed in the building up of the young
intellect. Once more offering the "hospi
tality of the university to the association,
he gave place to T. J. Kirk of Fresno, who
read a most interesting essay, taking as
his topic "Some Thoughts on School Su
pervision."
The paper was a scholarly one, entering
deeply into the matter under considera
tion. It recommended a supervision which
should be rather a help to the teachers
than a check upon them.
The next paper, on "The Ethics of the
Public School," by P. W. Search of Log
Angeles, and the last one, by Thomas P.
Bailey Jr. of Berkeley, on "The Education
of the Human Animal," were profound
studios in the domain of higher mental
training. Both writers displayed much
ingenuity and depth of thought in their
essays and were cordially applauded.
After ;i brief informal discussion an ad
journment was taken until this evening.
The First Congregational Church was
crowded with teachers last night, who
were entertained with a short programme,
and also a talk by Professor Le Conte.
After an organ voluntary by W. B. King
-Mrs. Blake-Alverson sang, "Let Me Love
Thee," and, as usual, was encored. Miss
Nellie Shipley's cornet solo, "Blue Bells of
Scotland," was remarkably clear and full.
"Annie Laurie" was rendered charmingly
by the California quartet, and Miss Eva
Shorey, who made her debut a few months
airo, added to her reputation by a vocal
solo.
After some humorous selections by the
California quartet Professor Le Conte
was introduced to th« audience. The vet
eran scholar was received with hearty ap
plause, and spoke for about forty minutes
on the effect of the theory of evolution on
education. The speaker's theory is that
the principle of evolution is the only hope
held out by which humanity can ulti
mately reach ideal manhood. Dr. Le
Conte read the same lecture a few weeks
siso before the Institute of Applied Chris
tianity in Oakland.
JOURNALISTS MEET.
A California Press Association Commit-
tee Considers a Trip to the
Truckee Ice Palace.
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Press Association met at the Press
Club rooms last evening to consider the
matter of arranging an excursion to the
Truckee Ice Carnival. There were present:
E. B. Willis of me Record-Union, T. G.
Daniells of the Alameda Argus, C. P. Mont
fomery of the Antioch Ledger, G. M.
rancis of the Napa Register, Raleitrh
Uarcar of the Vacaville Reporter and
W. I). Pennycook of the Vallejo Chronicle.
The committee determined that the op
portunity of seeing the sights of the ice
festival should not be missed, and decided
that if enough members of the associa
tion to make a good excursion party
signified their intention of attending the
trip would be mode on or about January
The plans are to rendezvous at Sacra
mento, whence the party would go to
Truckee in a special train of Pullman cirs,
remaining a day or longer, as the party
saw tit.
The people of Truckee, through C. F.
MoGlasnio, the carnival king and mon
arch of the frost palace, asks the Press
i Association to come and be the guests of
the committee of arrangements, proffer
ing in advance the freedom of the palace,
the tobogcan-slide, the rocky stone tower,
i and a trip to Dormer Lake in sleighs, with
; the addition of witnessing a display of
: fireworks.
The inducements are such that the com
mittee is enthusiastic over the proposed
trip, and it is safe to say now that it will
be made.
The committee will meet again on the
15th to complete arrangements.
Mntthow Arnold unit Itanium.
When Mr. Arnold returned from the
United States fuil of delight at the un
bounded courtesy and hospitality with
which he had been received he told with
glee and gusto a story of the late Mr.
Barnum. The great, showman, tie said,
had invited him to his house in the follow
ing terms: "You, sir, area celebrity. I
am a notoriety. We ought to be ac
quainted." "1 couldn't go," he added,
'but it was very nice of him." — Herbert W.
Paul in January Forum.
Mvsell-Rou.inp Company, 22 Clay street.
Patent back, Hat opening blank books are
staudard. •
CALIFORNIA'S OPPORTUNITY FOR FREEDOM.
Local Capital Should Be
Ready to Buy the Cen
tral Pacific.
A TIMELY SUGGESTION.
The Importance of the Scheme
Pointed Out by Traffic
Manager Curtis.
GENUINE EIVAIRY ASSURED.
Looked Upon as a Strong Argument
Against the Passage of a
Funding Bill.
In line with the policy of endeavoring to
turn every development in the railroad
situation of the coast to the benefit of San
Francisco and the State generally, W. B.
Curtis, traffic manager of the Traffic Asso
ciation of California, has devoted consider
able time to the question now so promi
nently before the people of the country
and one which is particularly agitating
the citizens of San Francisco— the disposi
tion of the debt of the Pacific railroads to
the Government.
Speaking on the subject yesterday he
gave expression to an entirely new idea in
connection with the ultimate disposition
of the property should the Government de
cide to foreclose and sell the Union Pacific
and Central Pacific railroads to satisfy its
claims. He said it behooved California to
watch the matter now pending before
Congress most carefully and to see that a
victory was won lor the people. Continu
ing, he said :
It is not enough that the Government be
spurred on to bring the case to a head. It is
in the final adjustment that California must
show her hand. The gentlemen now engaged
in the laudable effort" to insure justice being
dealt out with an impartial hand are engaged
in the capacity of private citizens striving for
a principle.
The merchant of San Francisco, as a mer
chant, views this proposition only in the light
of its culmination, as that finale means for
him either a lease of prosperous life or the
sealing up of one more avenue of escape from
Southern Pacific domination.
The vital point for the merchant of San
Francisco to consider is, What disposition will
be made of this property once it passes into
the hands of the Government) And therein is
the experim^ntum crucis of the whole ques
tion.
Obviously, the property obtained at such
enormous saeritice as must be made by the
Government can never be made to yield com
mensurate returns consistent with its ex
traordinary cost.
It has been proposed to the Government by a
syndicate of capitalist! in Nebraska (with East
ern co-operators) that the roads be sold out
right to them and that they be operated as one
line from the Missouri Kiver to the Pacific
Ocean. The syndicate proposes that the Gov
ernment shall set the minimum price at
$40,000,000, obtaining as much more as pos
sible.
Now this syndicate is composed of Eastern
men whose greatest interests are in the East;
they would operate the road in the interest of
the greatest revenue for them and in every
ease would seek the long huul. Were they to
make rates to I' tali which would permit San
Francisco to do business in that section, it
would cut them out of better paying business
for their line from the Missouri River. It
would be a line with such a multiplicity of in
terests to look out for and assimilate that they
would find it expedient to ignore our best in
terests, or at least subordinate them to others,
whence greater revenue would result for
thrin.
On the other hand, with tlie Central Pacific
Railroad operated ns a separate proposition,
mir best Interests would be served, since its life
and revenue does mid would depend upon do
ing every pound of business possible between
lt.s Eastern terminal and Sun Francisco.
As an independent line it would serve as an
impartial connection tor the Union Pacific or
the Kio Grande Western Railway, which con
nects with the ]>enver and Rio Grande, Bur
lington and Missouri, Chicago, Rock island
ana Pacific, Colorado Midland, Atehison, To
peka and Santa Fe and Missouri I'acitic rail
ways. It is our present mainstay in Southern
Idaho and the whole of Montana. Whereas,
as part of a through line In connection with
the Union Pacific it would be bound to mili
tate against Sun Francisco and render more
inadequate her present too poor facilities.
in the event, therefore, of a sale of this prop
erty by the Government we should insist that
the Central Pacific Railroad should be handled
as a separate proposition.
In fact, it would be a feather in San Fran
cisco's cap could she form a syndicate here and
purchase the property, in the event of its being
offered for sale. That would be another and
most telling step in the direction of release
lrom Southern Pacific thralldom, the Valley
road being the tirst step made in the right
direction and on the proper lines.
From the standpoint of the merchant what
is most needed is an increase in the army of
purchasers. New lines of communication, an
increase in transportation facilities and a little
more enterprise and energy in the direction of
inducing immigration to our State will accom
plish these ends.
The merchant of Pan Francisco has proven
his staying qualities in weathering the
financial depression of the lust three years,
and can now hug the idea with gratifying as
surance that he is at last on the hie-h" road to
improvement. The extent of his improvement
will depend on the energy put forth in the de
velopment of each avenue offering. He should
First— Preserve present facilities intact.
Second— Utilize present facilities through
every conceivable channel.
Third— Lose no opportunity to provide new
transportation channels.
To allow the Central Pacific Railroad to be
absorbed by a through line controlled in the
Kast and thus lose its identity is to deal the
present bright prospects 01 increased business
in Utah a serious blow.
When we view San Francisco as a terminal
what do we find in the way of transportation
facilities?
We have the Southern Pacific Railroad of
Kentucky, with its mninoflice in New York.
We have the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, owned and controlled in New York.
We have the Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company, owned and controlled jointly
by the Southern Pacific Company of Kentucky
and the Union Pacific of Omaha.
There is not a single lons-distance carrier
which we can point to with pride as a local in
stitution, and in addition, each that we have is
a monopoly in its own field.
Truly this is the most anomalous situation
from a transportation standpoint existing to
day in the United States— that a city like San
Francisco, in her unexcelled position, with
her great inherent strength, should be re
stricted to such meager facilities for reselling
the outside world.
Daily is this fact becoming more and more
the subject of comment, and loctil capitalists
will some day awake with a start to thu fact of
the great opportunities that were neglected.
Lei' us hope that San Francisco capital will
not be the last to grasp the present situation
with its vast opportunities, and that the prutits
of the transportation business of California
will not be always destined to circulate else
where than on the Pacific Coast.
It is therefore of more than ordinary conse
quence '.hat the Central Pacilic Railroad be
not allowed to pass into the hands of Eastern
speculators, but that every possible means be
employed to retain lor it its identity, and that
it be perpetuated as a feeder for the Pacific
Coust and not for our competitors of the East.
Local ownership of the. Central Pacific would
also give the Valley road an independent out
let for freight dpstined for the East and make
its competition for business in the San Joaquin
more effective as against the Southern Pacilic
Company.
It is not improbable that the Traffic As
sociation may take up the matter of or
ganizing such a syndicate as indicated by
Mr. Curtis. If such a syndicate were to
take the field against the Nebraska people,
and formally announce its readiness to
bid for the Central Pacific Railroad, it is
generally conceded that another strong
argument would be furnished those whoare
in tavor of compelling the Southern Pa
cific Company to meet its just obligations
and of the defeat of the funding bill.
Arrested for Forgery.
M. J. Ferrer, a young married man of Span
ish extraction, was arrested last eve Ting by
Detectives Whittaker and Seymour and Dooked
at the Central station on a charge of for«rery.
Ferrer, who was formerly employed by C. E.
Bunker & Co., custom-house brokers, owed a
small bill to the Indianapolis Company for
furniture. Being called upon to settle up his
account, he paid it with a check for .f 125, re
ceiving some $90 in return. The chock,
against the First National Bank, was signed In
the name of Hooker & Co., and was discovered
to be a forgery.
WHY STEAMERS ARE SHORT.
The Pacific Mail Affected by a Ship
builders' Strike in Belfast.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company is
in a reaJly bad way for ships to accommo
date all the demands upon its carrying
capacity, not alone between this port and
Panama, but in tke trans-Pacific business
with the Orient. As a natural result of
this predicament the Pacific Mail Com
pany has lost an enormous volume of trade
in both branches of its service.
The cause is not known in San Fran
cisco for this apparent shore-sighted pol
cy, and, indeed, it has been left to the ex
treme ends of the earth to supply in form a
iion that casts light upon what, after all,
turns out to be misfortunes more than
faults of tiie company.
Not long ago news of the accident to the
splendid White Star steamer Belgic, char
tered for the Oriental business, came from
Japan. Ever since then she has been out
of commission and upon the drydock un
dergoing repairs. The Mail Company had
another ship in view, but she, too, has
been tied up through unforeseen circum
stances, and the result is that the corpora
tion is short at least two large steamers on
the trans-Pacific route.
About the time Colonel C. F. Crocker
returned from Europe the Doric, a well
known White Star liner on the Australian
| run, was chartered by the Mail Company.
I She was taken off her run to the antidoues
and placed in the shipyards at Belfast,
Ireland, where all the "champion ocean
racers were built. The owners concluded
to alter the vessel, making her a modern
; ship in every particular and increasing
j her horsepower 10 something like double
its former capacity, so that she would be
a fitting competitor on the broad Pacific
i Ocean against the British ships plying be
| tween Victoria, B. C, and the Orient. It
is montiis ago now since the Doric was
taken in hand, and general surprise among
shipping men interested in her appear
j ance on the Pacific has been manifested.
: But this was fully explained away yester
day by the following dispatch from a
Dublin newspaper:
In consequence of the strike at Belfast the
White Star Company have decided to bring
! their Australian liner Doric to Liverpool from
i Belfast, in or<ler to have her alterations com
l pleted. The Doric was sent to Belfast in July
I last to be refitted and supplied with new en
gines and boilers by the builders, Messrs. Har
land i Woltl. Two powerful tusrs loft the
Mersey to-day to tow the Doric to Liverpool.
The Tress Association's Belfast correspondent
telegraphs that great suffering Is being ex
perienced by the laborers, of whom about 5000
are out of work, and of these only 1000 are
connected with a society. The others are at
I the mercy of public charity, and hundreds of
i families are sorely distressed.
It will be seen from this news that the
Doric has been tied up on the ways for
months through the great strike of ship
builders on the Clyde and in Belfast. The
fact that she was hauled off the Belfast
yards by two powerful tugs from Liverpool
is taken as evidence that the Mail Com
pany pressed its claims on the steamer's
| owners and that she must be refitted and
I sent out to this port without further de-
I lay. In the meantime the Mail Company
: and the Occidental and Oriental Company
i are compelled to look at the bulk of the
Pacific business pass to the Canadian and
Northwestern lines.
But the worst of it all is the port of San
Francisco is suffering from the lack of car
rying capacity in the service of the two
irreat companies.
GOETHE-SCHILLER PROFIT
Over $5000 Was Realized at the
Recent Monument Fes-
tival.
A Replica of the Famous Weimar
Statue Is to Be Purchased for
Golden Gate Park.
. Last night in Norman's Hall the general
committee of the Goethe-Schiller Monu
ment Association met for the purpose of
rendering a final financial statement.
President Bundschu presided and opened
the meeting with brief remark3,setting forth
the fact that but. $5000 instead of .SIO,OOO,
the amount required to complete the pro
posed monument, had been secured and that
the money realized at the festival held in
the Pavilion several weeks ago was not up
to the expectations of the association. He
thanked all those who had participated in
the festival, particularly the German and
American press of San Francisco.
• In the 1 absence of 0. Bertheau, cashier of
the German Savings Bank, the treasurer, C.
Schmidt made the financial report, as fol
lows :
Rereipts ••••■•■•.••••.»•»•••••••.. $18,489 16
Disbursements 13,197 46
Profits : $5/J9l 70
An itemized statement from each booth
was then read by T. \V. Dohrmann indicat
ing the receipts from all quarters.
Dr. Gutpch moved the adoption of the
report and the motion was carried unani
mously.
Dr. Gutsch read a letter from the Com
missioner of Lincoln Park, Chicago,
which was in answer to a request for in
tormation regurding a monument of Schil
ler located at that point. The work is
from Stuttgart, ■ Germany, and is cele
brated.
After considerable discussion on the
point Mr. Entzmann moved that the course
taken by President Bundschu in that een
tleman's controversy with James I). Phe
lan, president of the Art Association, re
garding the prospect of having a reproduc
tion of the Kietschel monument of Goethe
and iSchiiler in Weimar be upheld by the
Monu merit Association.
President Bundschu's desire all along has
been to reproduce the work of Rietsche),
and the artists of this City have opposed
sending away for works of art that they
claimed should be made somewhere in
America.
This practically settles the controversy,
and as soon as sufficient money is realized'
the Weimar monument will be duplicated
for Golden Gate Park.
Theodore Kirchoff read a letter from
the editor of the Gartenlaube, one of Ger
many's leading illustrated i>a pers, in which
that gentleman presents "the association
witn 100 marks. Mr. Kirchoff, who was
paid 50 marks for a report of the festival
NEW TO-DAT.
In Bible Times
People wore sandals. They are
now wearing Goodyear Welt
Shoes ; like hand-sewed, only
wear better and cost less.
All shoe merchants sell them. Hade for both
sexes, all ages.
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
also tendered that amount as a gift, and
both were received with thanks.
The matter of making the best possible
use of the cash on hand was the subject ol
considerable argument, but it was finally
settled by leaving the course to be pur
sued in the hands of the executive com
mittee which will report at the next meet-
President Bundschu announced that a
great many of the articles won at the
raffles held at the festival had not been
called for and suggested that another grand
raffle be held, the name and address of
each ticket-buyer to be written on the
ticket. . ..
A committee of three, consisting of
Messrs. Entzmann, Schmidt and Dohr
mann, was appointed to take charge of
the raffle, and ad there are about $800
worth of prizes, fifty in all, it is expected
that the tickets will sell readily at $1 each.
After complimentary speeches of the
president by various members of the com
mittee all hands adjourned to the dining
room, where champagne corns and joKea
were kept in motion until far into the
night.
H. L. DODGE WILL RESIGN.
The President of the Board of
Education Decides to
Step Down.
At the Next Meeting the Board Will
Be Reorganized for the Rest of
Its Existence.
Henry L. Dodge staled yesterday that
he had determined to resign from the
presidency of the Board of Education,
and if a man suitable to him were found
to act as a member of the board Mr. Dodge
would withdraw to private life.
The next meeting of the hoard will be
held Tuesday and Mr. Dodge will then
present his resignation.
At the same session his successor will be
elected and committees appointed for the
ensuing year.
So far as could be learned yesterday
Charles A. Murdock was the favorite for
president of the School Board. Director
Henderson's name was mentioned, but he
did not seem to be seriously considered by
either the majority or minority members.
The majority favored Murdock, and, of
course, that practically settled the ques
tion, for his genial and agreeable treat
ment of discussions and his courtesy to all
members, even on occasions of heated de
bates, have made him popular. This ques
tion ha 3 been so far settled that a School
Director remarked yesterday that Mr.
Murdock could tell if he wished how the
various committees would be named. Mr.
Murdock himself was not so positive on
this point.
•'I have heard," said he, "that I will
be nominated for president, but I am not
a candidate, have not asked for a single
vote and shall not seek a voti*. Of course,
if I am elected 1 shall gladly accept the
chair and give the duties of president of
the board all the thought and attention
they demand. I have not been informed
that any campaign is on foot either way,
and do not know of any opposition, though,
presumably there will be'eandidates in the
field."
President Dodge declared it was from no
feelings caused by anything like friction
in the board that he had deemed to resign.
"i found that I could not attend to my
business affairs and do justice to the
board as its presiding officer," he safd.
"There has been no trouble of any kind in
the board that would cause me to resign.
"I would withdraw from the Board of
Education altogether if I could see a good
man willing to work and attend faithfully
to his duties as a School Director ready t'j
till the vacancy. But I have no intention
of resigning, otherwise. My business de
mands mure of my time, and I did not
imagine that there was so much to be done
in the board — that is, if a man realized the
responsibilities of his position and at
tended faithfully to them.
"Matters are moving aiong very smoothly
in the board. There was only one place
where we saw a weakness in the matter of
expenditure and that has been remedied.
The Buildings and Grounds and the
Supplies Committees considerably ex
ceeded the appropriation and have been in
debt. This has been changed by resolu
tion recently adopted, the effect of which,
is to place all expenditures under $100
practically in the Finance Committee, and
all sums of $100 or over are submitted to
the board sitting as a committee of the
whole. By this method it is next to im
possible for any Josses to occur in the
expenditures. With this iciportantmatter
settled satisfactorily everything in the
board is doing along smoothly.
"Mr. Murdock, I understand, is the
choice for president of the board, lie will
undoubtedly be elected, and to him will be
left the reorganization of the board for the
remainder of its existence."
Melrose. Conn., has probably the largest
cider-mi'ls in the country, which have
used 35,000 bushels of apples the past sea
son. They have shipped their cider and
vinegar to almost every State in the
Union. They shipped a carload of cider
to Illinois last week and have about soO
barrels of cider stored for vinegar.
NEW 10-DAY.
••*•*••*•*•••*•***********
IPLAYS OVER 1000 TUNES;
* if
* and Cheap Enough to Be •
J in Every Home in America. *
J Furnishes Delightful Entertainment. J
* Plays all the popular songs of the day. Grand if
•X Opera, Marches, Waltzes. tterman.Frenchand if
* National Music, and excellent to dance by. if
* ' .' . ' i(
I JlBBFregina!
"A* w»-*iiftrifncr ■Wrftlrfciß'ffifl'i INVENTION ie
~k ie
■^ It does away with all the ObJectlOUS of the I m- I
3*. ported music-box A strong and massive i
jl. movement, all purts Intercbswigeable, with 7
i nothing to get out of order, playing (ifieen 5
i minutes with eacb winding. The tone is sweet *
and clear anit surpasses* Snesi Swiss cylln- tt
J der box made. yh iium* disks are inacsiruct- "*T
*-ible, boms; made of metal, and cost no more if
X than a piece of sheet music. -New Music ie
"k issued every week. Ie
{ BOXhS FROM $7 50 to $100. J
* Call and Hear Them. Send for Catalogue, ie
+ — — •
J SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. J
•k Music l.'ealers, -^
£ Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. P. if
♦•••••*•*******••**•••••** •
?£RTElfftfg
TSTHKVKU\ BKST ONETO EXAMINE YOTTtt
X eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasaes
with instruments of his own invention, who*!
•uperionty has t.ot been equaled. iiy success
been due 10 the merits of my wort. """-"m n*»
Office. Hours— lss to 4 p. v. •
P EWE V & CO. ;f gae^ |
C" %