VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 81.
HUNTINGTON AN
ARTFUL DODGER
But He Squirms Under the
. Hot Fire of Morgan's
Questions.
THOSE BURNED BOOKS.
Managers of the Contract and
Finance Company Took No
Chances.
FRYE COULD NOT SAVE COLLIS.
Clever as He Is, the Railroad Magnate
Makes Some Very Peculiar
Admissions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.-The
examination of President Collis P. Hunt
ington of the Southern Pacific Railway,
by Senator Morgan, was resumed this
morning before the Senate Pacific Railraods
Committee. Morgan directed his line of in
quiry toward the relations between the
Contract and Finance Company and the
Central Pacific, and the destruction of the
books of the former company.
The books ware burned, Mr. Hunting
ton said, because the company was disin
corporated and there was no use in keep
ing them, as the accounts were closed.
He said he had suggested to Mark Hop
kins that the books be destroyed, but did
not remember that there nad been any
reference in his conversation with Hop
kins to the clause in the California con
stitution regarding the personal liability
of stockholders. Such a matter as that
would, he said, have been referred to the
legal department of the road.
Senator Morgan— Did any lawyer advise
you to destroy these papers?
Mr. Huntington— l think not. It was a
mere casual matter. We did not regard it
as serious.
Senator Morgan lt becomes serious
here. I should like very much to have
the books here now.
Mr. Huntington— l should like very
much for you to have them, but in view of
the fact that they are not in existence I
don't see how in the world you are going
to get at them.
Morgan then read the resolutions
adopted at tbe mass-meeting held recently
in San Francisco to protest to Congress j
against the extension of the debt of the j
Pacific railroads, and Mr. Huntington said
it must have been a very large and enthu- !
siastic meeting, for he had been informed j
there were just fifty-two persons present j
at what he termed the Sutro meeting. J
The call had been issued to all the coun- j
ties in the State,. and but five of them were I
represented there. Tie representation
was largely confined to San Francisco and
Oakland.
Morgan having mentioned the names of
James H. Barry, Charles C. Terrill and
John M. Reynolds as members of the
anti-funding committee appointed at a
meeting held in San Francisco fast year,
Mr. Huntington said contemptuously that
lie wondered whether they were on the tax
list of San Francisco.
"They may not be," Senator Morgan
said, "but you know that it is written that
the poor shall inherit the" kingdom of
heaven."
"I no not know," Mr. Huntington re
marked in an indifferent way.
"And I expect you will never find out,"
the Senator remarked.
"We will see," said Mr. Huntington,
hopefully.
"Yes, we will see," Senator Morgan said.
"Do you know either of these gentlemen?"
he asked.
"I do not know that 1 do," said Mr.
Huntington. "I take it they are not
among the merchants or bankers of San
Francisco."
"They may be common people," Senator
Morgan remarked. .
In the same connection Morgan spoke
of the earnestness of the protest coming
from San Francisco.
"There is nothing in it," Mr. Hunting
ton said, "hall so earnest as Adolph Sutro
was when he told me that if I did not
build a road to. his place, where he has a
drinking-saioon, a bathhouse, a gambling
house and rooms upstairs, and build it
right at once, he would fight me in Wash
ington and fight me everywhere. That
was an earnest matter."
Huntington afterward spoke of Messrs.
Sutro, Estee, Cannon, Gibson and others
as being "as uncanny a crowd as a farmer
ever found in his henroost at night. All
these charges emanated from the same
parties," he said.
Morgan, recurring to the building of
several branch roads by the construction
companies, asked how one of the roads
was paid for. "
"By issuing bonds. They were very
nice : bonds," said Huntington.
"i don't care whether they were very
nice or not," snapped Morgan. "Confine
yourself to answering my questions."
[Laughter.]
Again Huntington said he could not re
member exactly how much it cost to build
the Copperopolis branch.
"No. of course not," said Morgan; "your
memory is very bad. You have a way of
not remembering and of saying 'I think'
and "don't know.' Why can't you state a
lew facts?"
Recurring to the destruction of books
of the Contract and Finance Company
Senator Morgan intimated his belief they
had been destroyed so tbat the directors
could not be held liable.
"No," said Huntington. "They were
burned, as I remember it, to make room,
and because the company having been dis
banded there was no further use for them,
It was no serious matter to do so, we
thought at that time."
Senator Morgan said: "You may find
that it is serious before you get through
with it."
"I wish to state," said Huntington,
"that no conversation passed between my
self and Mark Hopkins about destroying
The San Francisco Call.
books in order to shield us from personal
liability."
At another point in the examination
Huntington boasted that the roads con
structed by him in the West had "built up
the country."
Morgan— Yes, and you got very rich out
of your benevolence, did you not?
Huntington— Well, I may not be as
benevolent as some but I meant well and
thought I was doing a big thing to build
up the Western country. I have oiun
parted with my money very easily —
Morgan (interrupting) — You can spare
us that eulogy on your own generosity.
We do not care to hear it. Of course we
know it was not money you were after,
but you worked for glory.
Huntington — No, sir. I have never
worked very much for glory. [Laughter.]
Soon afterward Senator Morgan forced
Huntington to admit that Stubbs, as joint
agent for the Southern Pacific and Central
Pacific.* could divert traffic from the Cen
tral to the Southern route, unless shippers
otherwise directed.
Mdrgan — Then Mr. Stubbs could have
sent most all of the freight over your
Southern route to the impoverishment of
the Central road if he bad wished?
Huntington— Well, no, you see, that is,
I suppose
Morgan (interrupting) You must not
try and get away from the facts and don't
base your statement on mere suppositions.
We want facts. Now, you admit you were
heavily interested in the Southern Pacific
and only had about 4000 or 5000 shares of
the Central Pacific stock.
"I think about that much," replied
Huntington.
Morgan — You think so. Don't you
know? You seem to know very little
about your own business.
Huntington— lt is difficult to remember
so far back.
Morgan— Well, you think you had that
much and admit you had heavier interests
in the Southern Pacific. You have been
vice-president and president of the South
ern Pacific and Centrall Pacific companies?
Huntington Yes.
Morgan— Has it not been your policy to
send as much freight as possible over the
Southern Pacific? -
Huntington— We have shipped much
heavy stuff over the Southern route, but
forty-nine out of fifty cars have gone over
the Central route. I have been ambitious
to encourage fruit-growing and to give
them as good rates as possible, so much so
that New Jersey and Delaware fruit
growers have complained that cheap in
troduction of California fruit into these
States damages the business. Rates over
neither of our roads have been high, only
twelve mills per ton per mile for freight j
and less than two cents per mile for pas
sengers.
Morgan — The Southern Pacific is a very
much longer line than the Central Pa
ne?
Huntington — Yes, sir; almost twice as
far from San Francisco to New Orleans
than from San Francisco to Ogden.
Morgan— Your interest was then to se
cure the long haul if you could? Would
you have dismissed Mr. Stubbs if he had
not sent considerably more traffic via the
Southern than by the Central route? ;
Huntington— No, I think not. "yV i'-y
Morgan— But you would have lost money
by his so doing, and you certainly would
not keep an employe who caused you such
financial loss. The two roads were com
petitors, were they not?
Huntington— Yes, to a certain extent.
Morgan— How much did the Southern
Pacific formerly pay for its lease of the
Central road.
Huntington— We paid $1,300,000 per
year, but when we ascertained that the
Central road could not earn enough to
pay us back tbat amount the agreement
was made that the Southern Pacific should j
not pay more than tbe Central earned per
year.
Morgan— Did not the Central Pacific
earnings decrease because your agents
diverted traffic to your own road, the
Southern Pacific?.
Huntington— No. The results shrank as
a result of competition of the overland
roads.
Morgan— But how do you account for
the fact that Southern Pacific rates did not
shrink also? ; \ y
Huntington — I do not know.
Morgan— Was it not to your interest to,
divert traffic to the southern route?
Huntington— l always wanted to be
fair — Ay" ■
Morgan (interrupting) — I am not asking
about your great generosity. That is very
well known (sarcastically).
Morgan inquired about Huntington's
Atlantic steamships, and whether these
lines were not established in the interest
of the Southern Pacific.
Huntington — Yes, sir.
Morgan — Now, what have you ever done
to get business for the Central Pacific route ?
You say you have been its chief executive
officer.
Huntington — Well, we had our agents in
New York — y-
Morgan — I am not asking about your
agents. I am inquiring about your own
individual efforts.
Huntington— Oh, I never solicit any
freight or « passenger business myself.
[Laughter.]
Morgan— Oh, don't be so narrow, Mr.
Huntington. You understand well enough
what I mean. Then you haven't made
any personal efforts to build up the Cen
tral road?
Huntington — Ob, yes; I have improved
the roadbed, rolling stock, laid new rails,
and —
Morgan (interrupting)— l am not speak
ing of the physical road, and you know
it. I shall assume that your attempts at
evasion are sufficient answers to my ques
tions.
Huntington— The executive department
of a railroad has nothing to do with select
ing traffic.
Morgan — Now, will you answer my ques
tion or not? What have you, individually,
ever done to extend traffic over the Central
Pacific, as you have done oyer the South
ern Pacific?
Huntington— l have kept the road in
good condition.
Morgan— You made contracts for steam
ers to feed tbe Southern route? --".••'.>-.*
Huntington— Yes, sir.
Morgan— Did any of that freight from
Europe go over the Central route?
Huntington (innocently) No, Senator,
for our ocean going boats cannot run from
New Orleans to Omaha.
Morgan— Who established those steam
ers? .-'-. -y "
Huntington— Well, we directors of —
Morgan (interrupting)— But didn't you
on yesterday claim great credit for your
self because of the establishment of this
line of steamers?
Huntington— l said that we had some
I very fine steamers.
SAN FRANCISCO, MORNING, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
Morgan — You cannot evade my question
in that way. That won't do at all.
Huntington — I had long tried to estab
lish a good line of steamers between New.
York and Liverpool. ..':'»■
Morgan— ln the interest of the Southern
Pacific? - ! ■;"; . y' ;
Huntington— To a certain extent.
Morgan — But you can't say what you
have done for the Central Pacific. Did you
expect the latter road to prosper when you
did nothing for it and everything for its
competitor, the Southern route?
Huntington— The Central Pacific is in
very good physical condition. Forty-nine
fiftieths of the fruit lias been sent over it.
Huntington indignantly denied the as
sertion made at the convention in San
Francisco to the effect that he, Stanford,
j Hopkins and Crocker had made $200,000,
--000.
He denounced it as a lie, as well as the
assertion that they had derived from the
City and County, State and general
sources four times as much as it cost to
construct the road. . . _
Morgan inquired how much . money
earned in railroading had been put into
the roads. >';■ *J y
Huntington— l think I was worth about
a million dollars when I commenced rail
roading, but after completing the Central
Pacific I was considerably poorer on ac
, count of the heavy accumulation of debts.
Senator Morgan inquired about the con
tract of the railroad with the Pacific Mail
steamers, via Panama. *_-*
Huntington said $75,000 had been paid
them, and this contract continued three
years. Itwasdonein order to keep rates
uniform and in a measure prevent rate
cutting.
Morgan — But you, as guardian and prin
cipal executive officer, have never done
anything lor the Central road?
Huntington— l think my management
of the road has been very fair. I know
that I made money out of the Chesapeake
and Ohio, Big Sandy and- other roads in
Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky and
Tennessee, after they had been abandoned
by others, but I lost money in construct
ing the Central Pacific.
As to the proposition for the settlement
of the Central Pacific to the Government
Huntington professed the willingness and
desire of the company to pay every dollar
of it on an extension of 100 years at 2 per
cent, but would not admit that there was
any liability on the company to pay inter
est on the interest payments heretofore
made by the Government.
Morgan— l guess we have heard enough
for to-day.
Huntington— Can't you hear me an hour
longer?
Morgan — No, sir.
Huntington— Can't you hold night ses
sions? I have important business in New
York. •_ •, '. ..,;.-■
Morgan — No; I don't propose to sit at
night. I work hard enough now for my
salary. lam not made of steel or railroad
bonds. -.':.' . . ■'. y-"i"; . "-_' y
The committee then adjourned to meet
Thursday/when the examination of Hunt
ington will be resumed. }.y.ii '
WJLL J.OSE THE CHARTER. ■-
But Huntington's Men Will Fight Des
perately All the Same.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 17.— There is
no legislative move more preferable
to the professional * lobbyist than to
smother an obnoxious; measure and lull it
to sleep by delay.
Every day it becomes more apparent
that the enemies the bill for the repeal
of the Southern Pacific charter are pursu
ing these old tactics, and it has been their
only effective fight against the measure. >
• The friends of the bill are thoroughly
awake to this manner of procedure and
Continued on Third JJage,
AN OLD MAN'S REVERIE.
" I really can't remember."
SIXTY MINERS
ARE ENTOMBED.
Most Disastrous Explosion
of Firedamp in a
Coal Pit.
NO HOPE FOR WORKMEN.
All Those Laboring Underneath
the Ground Meet Death
Instantly.
WRECKED AND SET ON FIRE.
The Vulcan Mine at Newcastle, Colo.,
Will Have to Be Abandoned '
to the Flames.
NEWCASTLE, Colo., Feb. 13.— The Vul
can coal mine, located in the hogback, just
below town; was completely wrecked and
set on fire by a terrific gas explosion shortly
after 11' o'clock to-day and all the work
men in the mine were instantly killed.
About sixty men, including foremen and
coal operators, were in the several rooms
along the slope when the disaster occurred,
and so severe was the explosion that not a
single man could have survived the shock
or - the fire which ; immediately ensued.
The old Vulcan mine was abandoned some
years ago because of fire, and this new
mine will doubtless share a similar fate.
With the exception of a few bosses the
killed are Italians, but in the confusion
and excitement of the day it has been im
possible at this time to make a complete
roster of the names of the unfortunates.
The town of Newcastle was shaken as if
by an earthquake by the explosion, and a
dense black cloud obscuring the site of
the Vulcan mine and workings indicated
only too plainly what had occurred. The
entire population rushed to the scene to
behold the surface workmen in the midst
of a thick cloud of dust trying in vain to
start the work of rescuing their unfortu
nate fellow-laborers within.
, The earth had settled perceptibly about
the hillside, and the dense mass of black
smoke issuing from crevices in the up
heaved mass gp.ve evidence that the coal
vein had surely been set on fire by the
explosion. Women and children rushed
shrieking and screaming to the scene,
adding to the confusion. The mine
owned by the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company, two and a half miles away, was
promptly closed down, and all hands
hastened to assist Superintendent Herrcke
of the Vulcan in the work of rescue, but it
was quickly seen that little could be
done. • ■ . •
Herrcke with several men had torn
away the * broken ; timbers at the landing,
and had rushed into the slope soon after
the explosion occurred with wet sponges
on their lostrils, only to be driven back
again by the deadly fumes. . "'■
A special train was sent to the mine by
the Colorado Midland Railway Company
with medical ; assistance, prepared *.' to'care
for the wounded if { any were rescued,' but
the sun went down behind the mountains
before any progress could be made.
The force of the explosion may be
imagined when it :is known that the
BulTdihgs'and trestle at the mouth of the
slope were "completely wrecked, a hole 100
feet square carved out of the hillside at
the mouth of the incline, while timbers
two feel square were blown into the Grand
River, 400 feet away. One miner was on
his way down the slope when the explo
sion occurred, and his mangled remains
were subsequently found several hundred
feet away from the mouth of the slope.
- There were 140 men employed in and
about the mine at the time, and about
sixty were at work under ground this
morning. The present Vulcan mine has
been opened only about two years. State
Coal Mine Inspector Griffith was here
•February 8, and pronounced the mine in
better condition than it had ever been be
fore. An immense fan in the slope, which
was about 500 feet; in depth, seemed to
afford complete ventilation, and every pos
sible precaution was taken to prevent an
explosion of the gas known to exist in the
mines of this district. ■ < •
It. is believed that a half-lighted fuse
ignited the gas in one of the new rooms
while the men were blasting down coal.
The old, Vulcan mine has been abandoned
for, several years and was in no way con
nected with the present property, a new
slope having been driven into the hillside.
The Vulcan Fuel Company operates the
property, which is owned- by the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany, with headquarters at Topeka, Kans.
Just at this time the mine was being
worked to its full capacity, the output
being from seventeen to twenty cars per
day.
The entire slope is filled with debris, and
it is now plainly evident that many days
must elapse before the bodies of the en
tombed" miners can be rescued. Since
darkness fell the smoke seems to have per
ceptibly diminished, and it may be that
the fire will not destroy the, property as
was first feared earlier in the day, but the
force of the explosion was sufficient in
itself to practically destroy the mine, and
new workings will have to be started.
• The latest estimates place the number of
men in the mine at sixty or more, and not
one escaped death.
The names of the company men were
only known to . the pit boss, James Har
rison, whose body lies with his dead com
rades in the bottom of the ill-fated mine,
and can- only be ascertained by the re
covery of the bodies. From the lamp list
and information gained from those above
ground, the following thirty-eight are posi
tively known to be among the killed;
James Harrison, pit boss ; \ Tom Larrigan,
fire boss; three brothers, Joe, William and
Abe Dore; Peter Patricio, Daniel Morris,
Gabriel Gleese, Frank Rossio, Baptisto
Chowcett, August Matteve, John Scaif,
Alex Scaif. Philip Racha, Peter Brewer,
Frederic Sigmond, Antonio Patricio, John
Pactori, John Coughlan, William Webb,
William Haggerty, Dominic Matteno,
Frank McGourly, Robert Cattle Jr., Alex
Reno, Frank Simonic, Robert Seitiger,
Jacob /Jenkins, .'Domino Ozello, John
Oteno, James Fraegna, Domino Possetti,
Peter Tappero, Antonio Tappero, Andrew
Rolando, Peter Magento, Antonio Martino
and David Evans.
Most of these men leave large families.
RECEIVER £ URJJ EIOH ARRESTED.
Charged With Embezzling : Money Col-'
7y v lected, for a Firm.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Feb. 18.—An
drew S. Burleigh, receiver of the Northern
Pacific Railway, for Montana, Idaho and
Washington, was given a very disagreeable
surprise this evening on his arrival here
from Tacoma, in the shape of a warrant in
the hands of -Detective Michael Hoy of
Minneapolis, charging him with the mis
appropriation of $5100 belonging to George
- -■-... .
R. Newell & Co., the Minneapolis whole
sale grocers. ■ V y ■..-,
I The lattei charge that Burleigh made
collections for them in the West to the
amount named, but failed to turn over the
money. Mr. Burleigh refused to talk on
the matter, merely saying the suit was
part of a scheme to harass him as receiver.
CUTTERS AND TRIMMERS STRIKE.
It Is Expected That Nearly Fifteen Thou-
sand Clothing - Worker* Will
Soon Quit Work.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 18.— Hiisch, Elson
& Co., clothing-manufacturers, to-day re
ported that nearly 100 more men had
joined the striking cutters and trimmers
since yesterday. The situation is so seri
ous that within forty-eight hours a general
strike of the Clothing-cutters' and Trim
mers' Union, involving 12,000 >to 15,000
workmen and women, is expected by the
union men as well as by the employers.
C. P. Kcllog & Co. were unable to operate
their establishments to-day because twen
ty-five men joined the strikers. The same
number walked out of Guthman, IThlman
& Silberman's factory, and smaller num
bers quit work in other factories. Hiirch,
Elson & Co. expect all their 400 employes
to be on strike to-morrow night, when a
decisive meeting of the union will be held
as to calling a general strike.
Cutters and trimmers want the manu
facturers to keep the agreement made with
the union as to hours and wages and shop
regulations, while the employers say that
they are simply resisting the arbitrary
edicts of the union and intend to say here
after what wages they shall pay and the
hours their men shall work.
WEDDED AT CASTLE HILL.
Mrs. Amelie Rives-Cbanler Becomes the
Wife of Prince Troubetzkoi
or Russia.
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 18.— At Castle
Hill, Albemarle County, the home of the
bride, Mrs. Amelie Rives-Cbanler, the
authoress, was at 3 o'clocK to-day married
to Prince Troubetzfeoi, a Russian noble
man. The affair was very quiet and great
efforts were made to keep tne time of the
event from the public.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
Paul L. Menzel, D.D., of this city, a Gei
man Lutheran minister, and was accord
ing to the form of the Episcopal church.
Miss Gertrude Rives, sister of the bride,
was maid of honor and Allan Potts of this
city was best man. The bridesmaids were
Miss Landon Rives, sister of the bride;
Miss Bessie Martin of Richmond: Miss
Julia Magruder, the authoress, and M 133
i Eleanor Page of Keswick.
Only the immediate family of the bride
and tne white and colored tenants of
Colonel Rives' place witnessed the cere
mony.
The groom arrived at Castle Hill about
a weeK ago. The couple will remain at
Castle Hill until the 29th inst. and then
sail for Europe.
TWO INDIANS FREEZE, TO DEATH.
Winnebagos Drink Too Much Firewater and
Wander Away on the Prairie .
to Perish. '
PENDER, Nebr., Feb. 18.— News was re
ceived this evening that three Indians,
living in the vicinity of Big Horse Wawa
ba's farm on the Winnebago reservation,
secured two or three gallons of whisky at
Pender yesterday, and after filling them
selves with liquor proceeded to have an
old-time war-dance, stripping to the skin
for that purpose. After thoroughly ex
hausting themselves they fell in a drunken
stupor and finally wandered out some dis
tance on. the prairie, where they were
found by a party of white men, frozen to
death. The inside facts are hard to ascer
tain, owing to those interested wishing to
cover the matter up. Bootleggers, it is
claimed, furnished the whisky.
CARNEGIE BLACKBALLED.
The Pittsburg Millionaire Shut
Out of the Cleveland Cham
ber of Commerce.
Refused Honorary Membership and
Denounced as an Oppressor
of the Poor.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 18.— Andrew
Carnegie, the Pittsburg millionaire, was
refused honorary membership in the
Cleveland Chamber of Commerce to-night.
Mr. Carnegie has long been an active cor
respondent of the chamber and has spoken
before it on two occasions. The cause of
his turndown has created a sensation in
this city.
When J. W. Cowles presented Carnegie's
name L. A. Russell delivered a bitter
speech against Carnegie, whom he de
nounced as an oppressor of the poor and
challenged any one to dispute the state
ment.
The Chamber of Commerce is a dignified
body, but the scene which ensued was
much like a squabble in a political conven
tion. Some business men sided with Car
negie, but more opposed him.
Amid much confusion a secret ballot
was ordered, with the result, as announced
by President Wilson M. Day of the cham
ber, that Andrew Carnegie had been black
balled from membership in the Cleveland
Chamber of Commerce.
The action of the chamber is an immense
surprise to the general public, as it was
supposed the business men here looked
upon Carnegie a3 a sort of commercial
demi-god.
DOWN AN EMBANKMENT.
Wreck of a Passenger Train on the Ver-
Mont Central Road.
BELLOWS FALLS, Vt., Feb. 18.— A
passenger train on the Central Vermont
road went down a forty-foot embankment
near Ludlow, Vt., this morning. A num
ber of trainmen and passengers were seri
ously injured.
The wreck was caused by a broken rail.
The baggage-car, mail-car and one coach
went down the embankment and were
smashed. The engine was left on the ties.
Six or eight passengers, besides the
trainmen,. were hurt. - The most seriously
injured is T. J. Baker, employed by tbe
railroad as a carpenter, and it is doubtful
if he can live. This is the third train. to
go off the track within twenty-four hours
within a mile of this place. The rails are
damaged by the excessive cold.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BRADY MAKES A
FULL CONFESSION.
The Ex-Bandit Describes in
Detail the Yolo Train
Robbery.
SACKS OF GOLD CACHED.
Found the Money Missing When
They Returned to Take
It Away.
FELL INTO HARMEN'S HANDS.
Sensational Evidence at the Examina
tion of the Man Who Squandered
the Loot.
SACRAMENTO, Cat... Feb. 18.— The
examination of John P. Harmen, ' the
tramp who found the loot of the Yolo
train robbery, and who had been posing as
an embryo millionaire in San Francisco
until captured in that, city "ten days ago,
was commenced in Judge Henry's court
10-day. The proceedings created more
than ordinary Interest from the fact that
Brady, one of the participants in the rob
bery, who was brought down from the
Folsom penitentiary to testify, made a
confession of the manner in which the
robbery was performed and detailed in
full all the incidents which occurred.
This is the first time Brady admitted com
plicity in the robbery.
A large crowd was in attendance at the
hearing. The defendant, who is repre
sented by ex-Senator F. S. Sprague, is a
short, stocky, well-dressed man, whose
face indicates that he possesses more than
usual cunning. His hair is gray and
scant, and he wears gold-rimmed glasses
that tend to give him a rather aristocratic
air. The morning session was consumed
in hearing the testimony of the various
agents of Wells Fargo & Co. as to the
amount of coin that had been shipped
on the train that was stopped, and the
story of J, D. Paige, the express messen
ger on the train.
In the afternoon Convict Brady made
his appearance in the courtroom and was
placed upon the stand. He testified tbat bis
name was Harry Williams, but tbat he
was better known as Jack .Brady, gave his
present residence as Folsom, and then
continuing he said:
"On the night of the 11th of October I
and a man named Brown held up tho
overland train about six miles from Sacra
mento, in the direction of Davisville. We
had secreted our arms the night before
near the scene where the robbery took
place and left the city shortly before dark
to walk to the spot. On the way
we met and stopped a trackwalker, who
we stood up, and after taking his watch
and money we made him stop the train.
He did so, not daring to resist, as he was
almost frightened to death.
"Brown went on one side of the train
and lon the other. I heard Brown say:
'Come out of that, you!' and then saw the
engineer get down from the engine. Then
I made the fireman get down and we all
went back to the express car. We told the
messenger to open the door, but he refused
and began firing through the door. Then
Brown and I fired back through the door,
and in a minute or so the messenger
seemed to think better of it and opened up.
Then we all piled into the car, and while I
held the messenger up Brown went
through the local boxes. Then we com
pelled the messenger to open the safe and
Brown took out four sacks of money, and
while doing it the messenger looked at
him, and Brown said: 'Turn around there
or I'll fix you,' and he obeyed.
"We took six packages in all, making
the engineer and fireman carry them to
the engine, which we uncoupled from the
train. Then we got on the locomotive
and pulled out. We kept going until we
came to a sign which said, 'One mile to
the drawbridge.' Here we stopped, took
the money off and then, reversing the en
gine, sent her back toward the train. We
then went into the thick brush a short dis
tance, dug a hole and planted the larger
sacks, retaining the smaller one, which
contained about $1600 or $1700. Then we
hid our rifles about twenty or thirty feet
from where we buried the stuff and
skipped.
"At that time we both had bicycles and
had no trouble in getting away. We came
back six different times after hiding the
money, but of course could get no trace of
it. We always came on bicycles, conceal
ing them in the brush while prosecuting
our search."
After being arrested Brady had gone to
the spot where the money had been
secreted with Detective Thacker. He then,
by aid of a rough diagram, showed where
the robbery had occurred and the money
been secreted, claiming that he had been
told by the real robber. The hiding-place
of the money was just 150 steps from the
track. On the stand to-day Brady said
that be and Brown had carefully laid their
plans for the robbery, but were greatly
surprised to find they had captured such a
large amount. He bad shot into the car
for the purpose of frightening the messen
ger and with no idea of hitting him, as it
would do no good to do that. '
While he was testifying Brady acted as
though he was proud of being a train-rob
ber and rather enjoyed the notoriety he
had achieved. He appears hale and hearty,
as though prison life agreed with him, and
he showed no hesitancy in answering any
questions which were propounded to him.
Ex-Senator Sprague, who is conducting
Harmen's defense, is in doubt as to
whether he will introduce any testimony
on the part of the defense or not, and the
examination will probably be concluded
to-morrow.
Freano Roy Killed.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 18.— Citrock Tatec
sian, aged 9 years, died to-day from in
juries received while trying to jump onto
a freight train while it was running
rapidly-2
APPROPRIATIONS
ARE ALLOWED
Passage of Some of the
Most Important Senate
Bills.
PENSIONS A VAST ITEM.
Gorman Says the Expenditure
Hangs Like a Pall Over
the Country.
VILAS' AMENDMENT BEATEN.
Rather Sharp Talk Relating to Bond
Issues and Debts of Pacific
Railroads.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. IS.— The
fact that the House, when it rejected the
Senate free-currency amendment to the
bond bill, did not accompany its message
to that effect with a request for a confer
ence was brought up in the Senate to-day
by Alien (Pop.) of Nebraska, and he sug
gested to the Finance Committee whether
the occasion was not a good one to bring
about an agreement on the subject be
tween the two bouses. He was informed
by the chairman of the Finance Commit
tee, Morrill of Vermont, that the com
mittee was waiting for some action on the
part of the House, and he was reminded
by Chandler— a facetious way— that he
(Allen) could -move that the Senate recede
from its amendment. Alien also had
something more to say about the failure
of the Pacific Railroad Committee, which
is now having hearings as to the adjust
ment of the debt of the Pacific railroad to
the Government, not having specially re
quested the officers of the Farmers' Alli
ance in Nebraska, Kansas and Colorado
and the owners of stockyards in Omaha to
appear and present their views.
The chairman of the committee (Gear)
said that general notice had been given
through the press associations and added
that the committee* had no official knowl
edge of such organizations.
The resolution offered some time ago by
Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas for a special com
mittee to inquire into the circumstances of
the recent bond issue was taken up and
discussed until the close of the morning
hour, when, under the rules, it went on the
calendar.
The military academy bill was then
taken up, considered for three hours and
passed. The amendment offered yesterday
by Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin for two addi
tional cadets at large from each State was
defeated.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska before the
journal was approved called attention to
the fact that the Record this morning
stated that the House had refused to con
cur in the Senate amendment to the House
bond bill and that the House had not
asked for a conference on the mat As
far as his knowledge went this was the first
instance where a conference had not been
asked. He thought it a proper time to ask
the Finance Committee if an effort would
be made to bring about an agreement
between the two houses on this bill.
Morrill (R.) of Vermont, chairman of
the Finance Committee, stated that the
committee was waiting for some action on
the part of the House.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire made
a facetious parliamentary inquiry as to
whether it would be in order for the Sen
ator from Nebraska to move that the Sen
ate should recede from its amendment or
whether he would be obliged to wait until
the bill came back from the House.
The journal was then approved. j
Gear (R.) of lowa, chairman of the Pa- !
cific Railroad. Committee, referring to a
complaint made a few days since' by Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska, that the committee
had not invited or summoned the patrons
of the Pacific railroads to appear and
make their statements, said that notice
had been given through the press associa
tions of the country and that every person,
whether bondholder, stockholder or pa
tron had full notice of the hearings. No
body had been specially requested to he
present except two gentlemen. A gentle
man representing the reorganization com
mittee of the Union Pacific (Mr. .Fierce)
had come and presented its scheme and
gentlemen not connected with the rail
roads in any caDacity had come of their
own accord and been heard by the com
mittee.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska said the invi
tation ought not to be confined to persons
connected with the Union Pacific or the
Central Pacific. The city •of Omaha had
the third largest if not the second largest
stockyards in the world and were much
interested in railroad rates, and he thought
special invitations ought to be sent to
them.laWßHijßl
"What information have you," Gear
asked, "that these gentlemen in Omaha
want to come before the committee?"
"They are patrons of the roads," said
Allen.
"And you infer that they want to be
beard?" said Gear.
1 "I do not infer it; I know it," Allen re
plied. "The Farmers' Alliances in Ne
braska, Kansas and Colorado want to be
heard before the Pacific Railroad Commit
tee."
"The committee has no official knowl
edge of such organizations," Gear said.
"That will not do," put in Allen scorn
fully, "it has actual knowledge,"
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado, a member of
the committee, said there was no danger
that men who had schemes to present in
reference to the railroad companies would
not come before the committee. One
/nan had taken up the time of the com
mittee for nearly two days advocating the
transfer of the sinking fund of the Pacific
railroad companies to build a line of 250
miles from Sioux City to North Platte.
Members of the Farmers' Alliance to
which Alien referred would probably re
pudiate the idea of coming at the Govern
ment's expense. The Senator from Ne
braska certainly did not expect to see the
committee subpena them at Government
expense. They could come and would be
heard by the committee. The committee
had heard for two days a gentleman (Mr.
Coombs) representing Sioux City.
"Where does he live?" Allen asked.
"I do not know," Gear replied. "All
over, I guess. His clients are 400 bankers
who have invested money in Sioux City
and North Platte, and have built a bridge
at Sioux City at a cost of $2,500,000. He
comes here of hi 9 own accord and makes
certain propositions to the committee."
"I know that man," said Allen; "he is a
broker."
"Oh, no," Frye remarked; "Mr. Coombs
is one of the ablest lawyers of New Eng
land."
"Law .is a side-issue with him," Allen
said. "He is a financial lawyer. He rep
resents 140 banks/in what is called tho
Credits Commutation Company."
After further discussion the matter
lapsed.
The resolution heretofore offered by Pef
fer for a select committee to inquire into
the circumstances of the recent bond issue
was laid before the Senate. Sherman (R.)
of Ohio moved the reference of the resolu-
tion to the Finance Committee. Peffer op
posed the motion and argued in favor of
the resolution.
Hill (D.) of New York was opposed,
from the information he had, to any in
vestigation of the. subject, either by the
Finance Committee or by a select com
mittee.
During a discussion Hill asked if the
Senate had not had enough experience at
investigating at the instance of irresponsi
ble persons, and he asked: "Has any
Senator made a charge in the present
case?"
"I make a charge now," Stewart (Pop.)
of Nevada interposed.
"The Senator will not make his charge
now," said Hill. "I will not yield to the
Senator to make a charge now. It comes
rather late. I was speaking of the author
of this resolution."
While Hill was speaking the hour of 2
o'clock arrived. The Senate then took up
the unfinished business, being the military
academy appropriation bill, but the dis
cussion was interrupted to receive the
urgent deficiency bill from the House and
its request for a conference. The Senate
insisted upon its amendment, and the re
quest was granted — Hall, Allison and
Cockrell being appointed managers on the
part of the Senate. An amendment was
offered by Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin to in
crease by ninety the number of West Point
cadets, and one by Sewell (R.) of New
Jersey to the effect that the President may
appoint to vacancies in the grade of second
lieutenant meritorious non-commissioned
officers of the army when recommended
according to the provisions of the act of
1873, although graduates of the military
academy may remain in service until as
signed.
Tillman (D.) of South Carolina called at
tention to the fact that the Government do
nates $15,000 every year to each of the land
grant colleges. These colleges were com
pelled to teach military tactics.and each one.
was presided over by a West Pointer. These
colleges, Tillman thought, were furnishing
all the military education the country
needed.
Gorman said the Senate had already
been criticized for its conduct in the mat
ter of appropriations. There had been
talk in the press of the Senate using hob
nailed shoes to ride roughshod over a co
ordinate branch. The Senate, he said,
would resent this. The Senate had the
right, and it was its duty, to amend appro
priation bills and make them sufficient to
meet the needs of the country. But the
Senate weakened its position when it pro
posed to amend an appropriation bill so as
to enable each Senator to name a cadet.
This amendment would, Gorman thought,
be misunderstood' everywhere. He ap
proved of an increase of appropriations
when the necessities of the Government
required it, and they were in conformity
with the law, but emphasized his disap
proval of the pending amendment.
Hawley and Hoar advocated the amend
ment, and Stewart, Teller and Call op
posed it.
After a three hours' debate by a vote of
24 ayes to 27 noes the Vilas amendment
providing for ninety additional cadets was
rejected.
The bill was then passed, and the pen
sion appropriation forthe coming fiscal
year was taken up.
The pension bill was passed as quickly as
the clerk could read it— in less than eight
minutes. Gorman, with reference to this
bill, which carried an appropriation of
$142,000,000. saiiTit was one of those appro
priations which added to the great ex
penditures of the Government and hung
line a pall over the country. He recalled
the predict that he had heretofore made
that the receipts of the Government would
not meet its expenditures.
Call (D.) of Florida introduced a resolu
tion, which went over, directing the Secre
tary of the Treasury to dispose of the
lapsed bids in the recent bond sale to "the
highest bidder, including in the bids such
as have been received up to the time of the
passage of this resolution, when such bias
shall be opened by the Secretary of the
Treasury."
After a short executive session the Sen
ate at 5:45 p. si. adjourned until to-morrow.
REVOLUTIONARY DAUGHTERS.
Fifth Annual Congress of Some of the
Most Patriotic and Best Known
American Women.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.-The
fifth annual congress fof the Daughters of
the American Revolution began in this
city this morning behind closed doors.
There was a large attendance of bright
faced, intelligent ladies from nearly every
State in the Union. Mrs. John W. Foster
of Washington, as president-general, pre
sided. The principal features of to-day's
session Were the organization of the con
gress, the address of the president-gen
eral and the response thereto by Mrs.
Joshua Wilbur of Rhode Island. The
Church of Our Father, where the congress
is being held, is beautifully decorated,
principally by a skillful arrangements of
the National flag. The invocation was de
livered by Mrs. Harry Heth, wife of ' Gen
eral Heth. SESh
After the president's address had been
responded to, upon motion of Mrs. Donald
McLean of New York, the announcement
of executive sessions was stricken from
the programme of the congress, so it
would not appear that the meetings were
secret, The congress, alter hearing the
report of the credentials committee, ad
journed for luncheon.
At the afternoon session reports of offi
cers and committees were read. The even
ing session was in the nature of a musicale
in charge of the hymn committee, under
the direction of Mrs. Cuthbert Harrison.
Mrs. John R. McLean gave a reception
to-night to the president-general, ' Mrs.
John W. Foster, at the Arlington Hotel,
which was largely attended.
The Minority on Dupont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.— The
minority report on the Dupont case was
laid before the Senate this morning by
Turpie (D.) of Indiana. It is signed by
the four Democratic members of the
committee. They deny the legality, of
the election of May 19, 1895, under which
Henry A. Dupont claims to have been
elected to the United States Senate, the
committee assuming the position that
Mr. Dupont was not, elected by the vote
then cast.
Increase of the Reserve.
; WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.-The
treasury gold reserve to-day stood at $90,
--439.784 at the close of business. Gold with
drawals for the day aggregated $932,500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
MUST DISTRIBUTE
ALL THE SEED
Secretary Morton Instructed
to Carry Out Lawful
Mandate.
COIN FOR AGRICULTURE.
An Increase of Several Items
on the Big Bill >of
Appropriations.
TO CANCEL THE LAND PATENTS.
Amendments to the Bill Extending
the Time in Which Suits
Can Be Brought.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. IS. - The
House to-day, after three days' considera
tion of the agricultural appropriation bill,
finally disposed of it. The feature of the
debate to-day was the attack by Cousins
(R.) of lowa upon the methods of the Sec
retary of Agriculture in connection with
his refusal to carry out the law for the pur
chase and distribution of seeds, as provided
for in the appropriation acts of 1894 and
1895. He said the corrupted and subordi
nated commission appointed by the Sec
retary had, long in advance of the time
fixed for them to examine and report upon
the bids for supplying seeds to the depart
ment, informed inquirers that there would
be no distribution of seed, showing a pra
determinarion on his part to nullify the
law. The Government, Cousins said, was
no longer a Government for the people and
by the people, but a Government by J.
Pierpont Morgan and J. Sterling Morton.
Amendments incorporated in the bill
make it mandatory upon the Secretary to
purchase and distribute seed as had been
the custom prior to the suspension of the
practice last year, without reference to the
requirements of the statute that they
shall be "rare and uncommon" as that
phrase was construed by Secretary Mor
ton ; the appropriation for seed was, in
creased from $130,000 to $150,000, and the
seed division abolished by Secretary Mor
ton last year was rehabilitated with a full
quota of clerks to enable the Secretary to
execute the law. -~
' Among the miscellaneous business
transacted the House passed a resolution
introduced by Newlands (Silver) of Ne
vada directing the Committee on Ways
and Means to inquire into the effect upon
American industries of the difference of
exchange between countries having the
gold and silver standards of value and to
report by bill or otherwise.
The House entered upon the considera
tion of the bill to extend the time within
which the Government may bring suit to
recover title to lands illegally or erron
eously-patented, but adjourned without
coming to a vote. r." ff<^"f,-V
Several propositions were made to amend
the agricultural appropriation bill so as to
secure the desired distribution of seeds,
and after some discussion a combination
amendment was agreed upon. It directs
and requires the Secretary of Agriculture I
to purchase and distribute $130,000 worth!
of seeds, the best that he can procure,
without reference to the requirement of
the law, which says shall be "rare and un
common." It was because he could find
no "rare and uncommon" seeds that Sec
retary Morton decided not to distribute
any last summer and abolished the seed
distribution.
A motion by Piokler (R.) of South Da
kota increasing the appropriation for the
purchase of seeds fiom $130,000 to $150,000
was agreed to— 7s to 13. ;yy
Cousins (R.) of lowa offered an amend
ment making the appropriation for seed
unavailable until the Secretary of Agricul
ture had expended the appropriation
made for seeds for the current year, and
making the appropriation for the salary of
the Secretary, except $75, unavailable
until he complied with this law. The
amendment was rejected on a point of
order as being new legislation. •
On motion of Baker (R.) of New Hamp
shire, the seed division of the Agricultural
Department was rehabilitated at a yearly
expense of $13,370, in order, as he ex
plained, that the Secretary might not be
enabled to to say that he could not carry
out the distribution of seeds for the reason
that he had not the force to do it. This
disposed of the seed matter.
The committee rose and the amend
ments made to the bill having been agreed
to, it was passed.
On motion by Doolittle (R.)of Washing
ton the printing of the report of the board
of engineers upon the Nicaragua canal,
sent to the House by the President a few
days ago, was ordered. %y^
Lacey (R.) of lowa called up the bill in
tended to carry out the suggestion of Presi
dent Cleveland in his message to Congress
that the time be extended in which to in
stitute suits to cancel land patents illegally
or erroneously issued.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa offered an amend
ment providing that all lands patented or
certified to any State, corporation or indi
vidual, under rulings or construction of
law of the Commissioner of the .General
Land Office or the Secretary of the Interior,
and when no fraud has been committed
by the patentees, shall be excepted from
the operation of the act, and also another
providing for the adjustment of railroad
land grants and for the forfeiture of • un
earned land grants. ■ \
Without disposing of the matter the
House, at 5 o'clock, on motion by Terry,
adjourned until to-morrow. yv : 'y
FOR A JOINT COMMISSION.
I Negotiations to Secure Needed Bering Sea
Regulations.
. WASHINGTON. D. C, >eb. 18.— An
interesting bit of diplomatic news was
made public, unofficially, by Assistant
Secretary Hamlin at to-day's meeting of
the House Committee on Ways and Means.
It was to the effect that the State Depart
ment is now in correspondence with the
British Foreign Office looking to the ap
pointment of a joint commission to in
vestigate all the conditions connected with
the fur seal industry in Bering Sea and to
consider and report what further regula
tions are necessary for their preservation.
In order that the worn of such a com
mission should be effective, it is desirable
that Russia and Japan may. also become
parties thereto, but consent, it is well
known, can be easily secured. .
Assistant- Secretary Hamlin appeared
before the commission with reference to
the Dingley bill creating a - joint - com
mission,- consisting of the foregoing
countries and for. the foregoing purposes,
the adoption of a modus Vivendi, pending
tne investigation of the commissiod, look
ing to the protection of the animals, or if
these efforts prove ineffective, permitting
this Government to kill seals of both sexes
on the Pribyloff islands, the proceeds to be
turned into the United States treasury.
PUBLIC SCHOOL LANDS.
Secretary Smith's Idea of Equalizing the
Claims of State*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.— The
Secretary of the Interior has seat to the
Senate Committee on Public Lands his
views on the bill to equalize the several
Stales of the Union in the grant of lands
for public school purposes. He says Cali
fornia has received as its portion 6,719,324
acres, and it would require 240,000,000 acres
to equalize grants to other States in pro
portion to what California has received.
Georgia would receive a large grant of
2,062,222 acres; Rhode Island would re
ceive the smallest, 46,435 acres.
The aggregate number ot acres of land
on hand to be granted for school purposes
is 27,651,736. . Under the provisions of the
bid, the Secretary says that Missiouri
would receive only 1,162,136 acres, a short
age of 37,003 acres. y ' ?\
■ m These discrepancies, the Secretary say 3,
indicate that the committee should revise
the schedule or the bill. The Secretary
reviewed at length other provisions of the
measure in which he finds defects and
concludes with the statement that it is
crude, imperfect and impracticable, and
hopes his candid criticism would aid the
committee in framing a bill that would
accomplish the end in view.
ALLOTMENT OF SALARIES.
Its Discontinuance Would Cause Hard-
ship to Naval Officers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. I?.— A de
cision has been rendered by the Comp
troller of the Treasury that no legal au
thority exists by which naval officers may
ask allotments of their salaries to their
wives or others. The practice has- existed
for seventy-five years, and was not ques
tioned until Pay Director Colby brought
up the case, in which the Assistant Comp
troller has given his opinion.
Rear- Admiral 'Ramsay, acting Secretary
of the Navy, has written to the chairman
of the Senate Committee on Naval Affairs
in regard to the matter, in which he asks
legislative sanction of the practice. He
•says in his letter that to suddenly discon
tinue the allotments now , authorized
would work great injustice to officers now
absent on sea duty and to these dependent
upon them.
SCANDALS OF THE FAIR.
World's Columbian Exposition
Employes Continue Their
Petty Squabbles.
Refuse to Make Reports to Palmer, but
Insist on Addressing President
Cleveland.
- NEW YORK, N. V," Feb. 18.-A Sun
special from Washington says: The of
ficials of the World's Columbian Exposi
tion are still quarreling. Mrs. Potter
Palmer refuses to address her report as
president of the board of lady managers to
Thomas W. Palmer, president of the
World's Columbian Commission, but in
sists upon sending it direct to the Presi
dent of the United States, although he
does not officially know of her existence.
The board of lady managers were not ap
pointed by President Cleveland, but by
the National commission, and the latter
says that Mrs. Palmer has no more au
thority to address President Cleveland di
rectly than she has to address the Sultan of
Turkey.
• Director-General Davis has addressed
his report to the Congress of the United
States instead of to President Thomas W.
Palmer, as he should have done. The
board of control has made a tearful com
plaint on this account to the Committee
on Appropriations, but Davis says that he
will not deliver his report to anybody
until he is reimbursed for the money he
has expended in its preparation. An item
in a pending appropriation bill gives him
$18,000 to cover this.
The report of Mr. Burnham, director of
works, is addressed to Mr. Higginbotham.
and the reports of President Higginbotham
and John Boyd Thacher's bureau of awards
are addressed to President Palmer, who
says he has a report of his own also, which
is addressed to the President of the United
States, ami should cover all the official
documents that relate to the exposition.
Professor Tousley « of Minnesota has
again been appointed to prepare a history
of the exposition. He received a similar
appointment in the summer of 1894 and
drew $6 a day from the appropriation for
the bureau of awards for several months,
until Chairman Thacher went to Europe.
Then Vice-Chairman Britton cut him off,
because up to that time he had not written
a line, but had, it is alleged, spent the
summer loafing down in New England at
the expense of the bureau. To revenge
himself, Professor Tousley went up to
Albany and made speeches against John
Boyd Thacher when the latter was run-;
ning for Mayor.
TO BUILD AN AIR LINE.
Dallin. Would Like to Save the Govern-
mi nt Indorse Bonds.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 18.— The
Tribune says this morning: William
Dallin, vice-president and general man
ager of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Construction Company, has addressed a
letter to the President of the United States
on the subject of a railroad in an air line,
first to Chicago and then to San Francisco.
The distance would be shortened by this
route 200 miles to Chicago, and to San
Francisco over 400. Passenger trains
would run to Chicago in thirteen hours
and to San Francisco in sixty-eight hours.
The line would cost $400,000,000, : and
Dallin wants the Government to indorse
the bonds to pay for its construction, on
the ground that it would be of benefit to
the country. y <y -, m
WAS SHE MRS. CODjc?
A Memphis Man Relieves He Saw the
Missing Chicago Woman.
MEMPHIS, Term., Feb. 18;— Mrs. Cody,
wife of Arthur B. Cody, a Chicago lawyer,
who disappeared from Tacoma, Wash.,
two weeks ago, and for whom there is a
reward of $5000. was probably seen here
yesterday by General G. P. M. Turner, a
lawyer.
General Turner, noticed a careworn look
on the woman's face as she sat opposite
him in a streetcar, and shortly alter reach
ing home he picked up a Denver paper con
taining a picture of Mrs. Cody. :He pro
nounced the ; picture -to ■be that of the
woman he saw on the streetcar. It is be
lieved Mrs. Cody left Kansas City for
Memphis a few days ago. ;
Killed. Wife and Child.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Feb. 18.— Franz
Schwab, a German aged 56 years, who has
been separated from his wife and children
since April last, this evening called at the
home of the woman at 201 Throop street
and killed her. He then fired a ball which
lodged, over the heart, of a nine- week-old
baby, and the other struck a son, Bernard,
in the eye. Bernard and the ; baby: will
probably die. Schwab was arrested. ■• -
TO RESTRICT
IMMIGRATION.
An Interesting Bill to Be
Reported by the Senate
Committee.
THE ILLITERACY TEST.
Those Who Seek a Landing Must
Be Able to Read and. Write,
at Least.
NOT READY FOE A TAX YET.
Methods to Shut Out Classes That
Furnish Paupers, the Diseased
and Criminals.
WASHINGTON, D. C.I Feb. 18.— In lieu
of the various bills before it on the subject
of restricting immigration the Senate Im
migration Committee to-day reported a bill
adding to the classes of aliens excluded
from admission to the United States.
All persons over 14 years of age who can
not read and write the language of their
native country, except that an aged parent
not so able to read and write, who is the
parent or grandparent of an admissible
immigrant, may acegmpanj' or be sent for
by such immigrant. For the purpose of
testing the ability of the immigrant to
read and write the inspection officers shall
be furnished with copies of the constitu
tion of the United States printed on num
bered uniform pasteboard slips, each con
taining five lines of the constitution
printed in the various languages of the
immigrants in double small pica type.
These slips are to be kept in Doxes made
for that purpose and so constructed as to
conceal the slips from view, each box to
contain slips of but one language, and the
immigrant may designate the language in
which he prefers # the test shall be made.
Each immigrant shall be required to draw
one of said slips from the box and read
and afterward write out in full view of
the immigration officers the five lines
printed thereon. No immigrant failing to
read and' write out the slip thus drawn by
him shall be admitted, but he shall be re
turned to the country from which be came
at the expense of the steamship or rail
road which brought him, as now provided
by law.
In the report accompanying the bill the
committee states that there is a general
and earnest desire to restrict foreign immi
gration. The committee believe the coun
try is not yet ready for a_capitation tax on
immigrants, and they are convinced that
the consular certification plan is impracti
cable. They therefore recommend it as
the best proposition yet advanced.
The committee presents a mass of statis
tics, which show that the illiteracy test
will affect \ almost entirely those races
whose immigration to this country had
begun in very recent times, and which are
most alien in language and origin to the
people who founded the thirteen colonies
and have built up the United States; that
it will tell most heavily on those classes
which now furnish the paupers, diseased
and criminals excluded by existing law,
and is, therefore, a continuance of the
present policy of the United States.
BANKERS' CROOKED WORK
Creditors of the Eopperls Make
Serious Charges Against
the Missing Men.
Father and Son Said to Have Escaped
the Jurisdiction of the Illinois
Court.
_______
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 11.— The creditors
of the two Kopperl banks, which are now
in the hands of assignees, now make
charges by implication in their petitions
to the County Courts while the missing
bankers, the bookkeeper of the Canal
street place and the attorney for the elder
Kopperl have been cited to appear and an
swer pertinent questions about receiving
checks and cash on the day of the failure.
The younger Kopperl was said to be in
Chicago to-day, but a Deputy Sheriff who
was sent to bring him into court could not
find him before court closed. His father
and mother are said to be at Mount Clem
ens, Mich., but the indignant depositors
in both banks are not banking upon the
return of either within the jurisdiction of
the Illinois courts. The liabilities are now
believed to be $100,000. The United Shoe
Company, one of the principal creditors,
declared in a petition in the court to-day
that it deposited $2100 in the Canal-street
Bank the day before the failure, having
before that time $700 on deposit. A few
hours before the bank closed its doors the
company sent a check for $11 for payment
and it was returned marked "No funds."
Other creditors reported to the court evi
dence to show that the banks were prac
tically one, although publicly conducted
as separate institutions.
Suffered No Hardships.
PATCHOGUE, N. V., Feb. 18.— The men
who left this place on Sunday morning in
a sailboat to go to the wreck of the steamer
Leamington to pick up the cases of wine
returned home this evening. They did not
suffer any hardships.
Relief for the Injured.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 18.— A Tribune
special from Washington says: Senator
Perkins has introduced a bill in which the
employes of all navy-yards will be much
jdpollinaris
■ * c
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Received the HIGHEST AWARD
at the WORLD'S FAIR, and at the
ANTWERP EXHIBITION.
JOHN CAFFREY, "*
47 First street, • San Francisco,
REPRESENTING j
Charles Graef & Co., N. V., for Mineral Waters •
nlerested. : Not infrequently , workmen
while on duty at naval stations engaged at
modern machinery and ; implements em
ployed in shipbuilding are seriously hurt
us a result of accidents of one kind or
another. Senator Perkins proposes that
after July next any civilian employe of A
navy -yard who is accidentally injured in the
performance of duty is to receive relief at
the expense of the Government.
MYSTIC KREW OF CO MUS.
Jolly Paraders Wind Up the Neib Orleans
Celebration.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 18.— The
carnival parades were concluded to-night
by the gorgeous. and- dazzling tableaux
of the Mystic Krew of Gonitis. This organ
ization is the oldest of its kind in the city,
having made its first parade on Mardi
Gras night, 1857.
Since then its annual display has fit
tingly been the gorgeous conclusion of the
street parades.
The months and seasons of the year were
the subjects illustrated to-night. The
show was very imposing and each . float
was loudly applauded. After the parade
the Gomus ball wound up the festivities
and to-morrow begins repentance with
sackcloth and ashes. - : yyy
A Fight Against Combines.
TRENTON, N. J., Feb. IS.— The House
last night adopted a resolution requesting
the Judiciary Committee to prepare a bill
which shall make unlawful and prohibit
agreemen ts or combines by individuals
and corporations that would be detri
mental to the welfare of the people of the
State by increasing or raising the price of
the necessaries of life, and giving the
proper officers of trie State any additional
power required to prevent the consumma
tion of any such agreement or combine.
The resolution also declared against the
coal combine. . '.'?:'.:. ''.-~-y '■'/.
Requisition Honored.
■ CINCINNATI. Ohio, Feb. 18.— Governor
Bushnel] this morning honored the requi
sition from Governor Bradley of Kentucky
for the removal of Jackson, Walling and
Wood to that State for trial. Under pro
ce dure these papers will be reviewed in
the Criminal Court here and evidence
taken to determine the court in its deci
sion. It may be several days before the
matter is settled.
— * .
"Bucket Shop" Dealings.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. IS.— Judge Payne
to-day dissolved the temporary injunction
which Harry M. Greene obtained several
weeks ago against the Board of Trade,
restraining the directors from bringing
him to trial on the charge of "bucket
shop" dealings. His trial will take place
nest Friday.
ITS TACTICS MUST CEASE
Cut Rate Alliances of the South
ern Pacific Railway May
Cause a Rate War.
Members of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association to Take
Vigorous Steps.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 18.— The members
of the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation are determined to resist the South
ern Pacific's encroachment on Colorado
territory by inaugurating a California pas
senger rate war if necessary. A meeting
of the association was held to-day at the
headquarters here, officially to act on j
routine matters, but the tactics of the j
Southern Pacific formed a lively subject of j
discussion until a late hour.
The representatives of the Chicago-Col
orado lines wanted an ultimatum served
on the Southern Pacific to stop its cut-rate
alliances with outside roads, by which
large parties have been carried in a round
about way from .New York to San Fran
cisco, from San Francisco to Portsmouth
and from Denver to New York. The Sea
board Air Line, which also has no interest
in Colorado territory, is the principal ac
complice of the Southern Pacific.
This irregular business is considered to
be in defiance of the principles of mutual
interest, on which the association, of
which the Southern Pacific is a member,
was organized. The offending road will be
given to understand in plain terms that
such tactics must cease or the complain
ing competitors will take -independent ac
tion to protect their interests.
Struck by a Train.
BEDFORD, Ohio, Feb. 18. — While
Alfred Whitaker, a well-known Democratic
politician, accompanied by his stepsons,
Dana and Tom Cannon, was driving to
the station this morning the vehicle was
struck by a train at the Race-street cross
ing. Whitaker was hurled thirty feet and
instantly killed. Dana Cannon will
probably die. John Rich, the driver, was
so seriously injured that his recovery is
doubtful. Tom Cannon escaped by jump
ing.
Defaulted Bond Bids.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.—Secre
tary Carlisle will probably announce to
morrow his decision as to whether he will
award the defaulted bonds to J. P. Morgan.
NEW TO-DAT.
:m:o:fle
COLUMBIA
AM)
HARTFORD
BICYCLES
Are used than those ; of
any other make.
Because they are BEST !
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344 Post St., S. F._. Cal.
Instruction and Renting De-
partment— 1970 Page at., near
IfsL)oBi MP™ RESJOREOSS
TT <■*? Y^ WW •■'«•*■ (68 «on of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of an « «£
\> V yCj> /Vv'", \T ? OUB or , diseases of the generative orsana, such as ,Ct Manho^f
Sl_tt/' V ._&&! Insomnia, Pains In the Back. Seminal Emissions, Ker? on « iDeMm^
l/^ V £ lm P evbnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Va™co<-e£ l^A
\/ V. -7 Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Pi-evenl! on d
X *- / >»^ ness of uncharge, which If not Checked lead., to SpWmatorr boa %
BEFORE and AFTER £ » the horrors of Impolicy. C-Pl»E»Ecleinsesthollvlr a_
».— -,»>»»-, y ■■■~.x7 k'Jneys and the urinary organs of all itnounues. «-"««ver, IU«
CJTP-IDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organ*. r
The i reason smTerers are not mired by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are. trnnMo* — 4.*.
Proatalitla. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operatiSl? SOCO 22! -
2 A« A written guarantor, given and money returned if six boxes does not effec* a Meaner, m nt
|1.00 a box, six fore^OO.by mall. Send for jtrkk circular and testimonials! , permanent cur*
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco. Cat. For sale h»
BKOOKS' PHARMACY. Liorofvellsueet
Several defaulting bidders are reported to
have been round in St. Louis and Chicago
but there are other sub-treasuries when'
reports are not yet in, and until all are
heard from no decision in the matter will
be announced.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. is.— The
Senate to-day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations: Jasper
Morrison of Missouri, to be judge advocate
in the army with the rank of major-
Major "W. H. Hewer, corps of engineers, to
be a member of the Missouri River Commis
sion; also minor promotions in the army
Postmasters: Nevada — Tutor Clarkj
Eureka.
NEW TO-DAY.^
Our Fortls Wool
Our Fortifications are
! our soldiers arrayed in
j line handling tons and
tons of cioth for the ben-
efit of the public, and
thereby throv/ing de-
: structiveness into the
I camps of our so-called
! competitors.
I Our stronghold our
j Generals have mapped
l out in our prices, which
are the talk of the town,
and which have thrown
shot and shell into the
ranks of every tailor in
the city.
i Look at these prices,
and then can you won-
der why they talk:
■ We will mate yon to order 1 A 1 * ft ft
Black or Blue Cheviot Suit, fi" l 11, UU
guaranteed fast color, ail _]* I II
wool.for IP I v?
Other tailors pride themselves on same
at $20.
We will dress you in a Three- •
Button Cutaway Suit, to
order, of Black Clay Wors- Ai A [fl
ted, guaranteed fast color, "J" 'i J.OU
elegantly tailored and J?» I ■ '
finely trimmed, for <tt# I 1/
Other tailors praise them at $23.
We will catch your eye on our
Black and Blue Serge, all
wool, 22 ounces, guarari teed
fast color, from which we ** a ■■ ft ft
will make you a Bolt, to or- VT ~1 !>. U U
der, finely tailored and JT» I j
handsomely trimmed, for.. %jt? I V
Other tailors boast of them at $28.
Be sura and come to this great
sale, which will only last one week,
and thereby place dollars In your
I pocke's.
Look for the big store with three
S front entrances, where they only
j allow parfect-f.ttingr sulcs to leave
the house.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
MILLS,
WHOLESALE TAILORS.
OUR NUMBER—
541 MARKET ST., S. F.
Do not be deceived by firms using a. similar
name. Only branch house in Sen Francisco—
211 Montgomery street,
. :
, THIS WEEK OJlUcb. mil to 22<J.
Dark Winter Underskins for ladies 35r;
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make 5c
trousers, everything up 10 $2, closing Sft 00
Blankets, California wool, gray, 6 lbs $'2 4-,
I Fluffy Cotton Vats, big rolls, best. '. i",'.
Embroidery, was 10c ami worth it .'.. 30
1B.& H. Celebrated $4 Uutton Shoes . "$2 00
, Molasses, Open Kettle. New Orleans, again. 75c
I Table Peaches, ripe and luscious ' io c
, Cookies, equal to your grandmothers'....."."". 10c
; Coffee, that grand Aureola blend 20c
Sweet Cider, for mince pies, quarts . "" T.",-
Wash Bine, Fidelity, price cut in two ."'"." iu c
: Keene's Knglish Blue. 5 blocks 5c
1 Hams, Eastern, guaranteed, our brand l.'i2V"C
Pitted Plums, used to bring Ie
1 Beehives, enough for everybody .'... ." 90c
boap, Babbitt's bes:, 24 bars $1 00
Smiths' Cash Store,
41 4, 41 6, 41 8 front ST., S. F.
A DELIGHTFUL HOME.
St. Joseph's Sanitarium.
THIS INSTITUTION IS UNDER THE MAX.
agement of the Sisters of Mercy. Invalids re-
ceive the best of care and fine rooms at reasonable
rates. Persons of old age. without reference to
creed or nationality, may secure a home for life
including care and medical attendance during
sickness by the payment of from one to two
thousand dollars. Each person is provided with a
private room. Climate unsurpassed, being free
from extremes of heat and cold. Sixth street and
University avenue, San Diego, Cal.
WLWOSfIWOO
Chinese Drug* MSr^^s&iyaL.
and Tea and Herb Kg
___ Sanitarium, LV? . AKm
776 CLAY STKKET, jgL -^ <■
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, HD W^ ff <
1 San Francisco. i*V *Ql^ /&
I, the undersigned, have I' I . fff
been cured from kidney IJ&mA J? -,
trouble, from which Ifa W-Ajj, ▼ *■* J
suffered for over 10 years, F \<St?A A :
sby Dr. Wong Woo. fe./V**^ tt&h &£
Ollice hours: 9:"0 to 11 m \^BßSmwSß^^SStV^a\
X. li.; 1 to 3, 7to 9 p.m. Wwini^iwAXgCTgilUfcg
BRUSHES houses, ™ tables,
CHI %& %ff IB £9 %J houses, billiard -tables,
' brewsra, bookbinder*, candy-makers, cannsra,
dyer*, .. floarmllla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoo factories, stabla*
men. tar-roofer», tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Mannf ftcturor*. 60 » Sac ram ent
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKBS. THB
great Mexican Bemedy; gives Health and
Strength to the Sexual Organs.FIGHTING AT
LONG RANGE
Corbett Objects by Wire
to Being Called a
Cur."
SO HE HURLS A DEFI,
_
Which Fitzsimmons Promptly
Accepts and Threatens the
Ex-Champion.
CHANCES OF EL PASO MEETS.
Maher's Eyes Grow Brighter, but the
Sporting Men Are Deserting
in Disgust.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 18.-Conflicting
stories concerning Maher's condition came
from Las Cruees on the late train to-night,
one brought by a Colorado sport who had
spent the day at the training quarters
being to the effect, that one of the Irish
man's optics was in as bad a state as when
he was here on Thursday, the inflamma
tion having increased in the past twelve
hours, and that he spent the greater part
of the day in bed. On the other hand,
Referee George Siier, who also came into
town from the grounds late to-night, says
the fighter walked several miles this
morning and did tnree hours' punching
and boxing in the afternoon; that bis left
optic is entirely recovered and the right
one so much improved that he can read
small print without pain or difficulty.
Siler's version is generally accepted as the
correct one.
In accordance with instructions from
Governor Ahumada before leaving for
Chihuahua last night, Manuel Bouch, Col
lector of Customs, was to-day added to the
force of guards patroling the Mexican
frontier along the northern border.
Local interest in the possible meeting of
Maher and Fitzsimmons on Friday has
about petered out. The throngs that erst
while blockaded EI Paso street from store
front to curb have gradually dwindled to
complete disappearance and groups that
arc occasionally encountered on the cross
thoroughfares are composed in the main of
Mexicans from Juarez or rurales from the
surrounding country.
The feeling is next door to universal
that something or other will again happen
to keep the men from meeting in the ring,
while those who are not skeptical on this
point express themselves as caring not a
continental at the outcome.
gether, never has a world's championship
pugilistic contest been immediately pre
ceded by such an utter lack of enthusiasm
or exhilaration.
Fitzsimmons took his daily spin to town
on his wheel this morning. Julian had
preceded him on an international mule-
CltT.
Fitzsimmons took four hours' exercise j
at his Juarez quarters this afternoon, box- '•
ing with McCoy, the local heavy-weight,
wrestling with Jack Stelsener of St. Louis
and punching the bag. There is no ques
tion that he is in magnificent condition,
while his temper toward Maher is de
cidedly ugly. Everything indicates that
be will put up the fight of his life if the
opportunity is offered three days hence.
Fitzsimmons received to-day a dispatch
dated at Chicago and reading as follows:
"To Robert Fitzsimmons: Read in to
night's papers that you said I was a cur.
The first time I see yon I will make you
take it back as i did before.
"J. J. COKBETT."
After making the air sulphurous for a
while, Fitzsimmons turned the message
over to Julian, who promptly sent the
following replj :
"J. J. Corbett, Chicago: All right,
chappie, get ready, put yourself in better
condition than you were in at Hot Springs,
and get down here. Fitzsimmons will put
you out of existence the day after he puts
Maher among the has-beens.
"Martin Julian."
MURAD BEY ORDERED SLAIN.
But He Declines to Return to the Sultan's
Domain.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey. Feb. 18.—
The surrender of arms by the Armenians, I
who for months held the city of Zeitoun j
against the Turks, has been completed. j
Five members of the Hintchaks, an Anne- !
nian revolutionary society, found in !
Zeitoun when the place was conditionally i
surrendered to the" Turks, have been con
ducted to the coast for expulsion from the
country.
Murad Bey. late Imperial Commissioner
of the Ottoman debt, who fled for his life i
from Constantinople about the time
"Little" Said Pasha sought refuge a: the
British embassy, and who has sought
refuge in Egypt, has been convicted in his
absence of treason and sentenced to death
for issuing attacks on the Sultan.
Murad Bey, after issuing a pamphlet in
Paris against the Sultan, took up his
residence in Cairo, there to direct the
Arabic press campaign against the Otto- \
man ruler. The Sultan recently demanded I
t at the Egyptian Government turn Murad \
Bey over to him for punishment. The !
Government consulted with Lord Cromp, i
the British diplomatic agent at Cairo, and
then refused to extradite a man who, the |
Government said, was guilty of no crime j
against common law.
LANDING OF RUSSIAN TROOPS.
Secretary Curzon Tells of the Troubles in
Korea.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 18.— In the House
of Commons to-day Arthur Griffith-Ros
cawen, Conservative member for the Tun
bridge division of Kent, interrogated the
Government in regard to the reported
landing of Russian sailors and marines at
Chemulpo, Korea, and the circumstances
of the King of Korea taking refuge in the
Russian legation at Seoul.
Right Hon. George N. Curzon, Under
Secretary for Foreign /ffair*, said in reply
that the reason which had been given for
the action of the King in putting himself
under the protection of the Russian Minis
ter, was that the political situation in
Korea was such as to endanger himself and
the members of bis family.
In reply to further questions Mr. Curzon
said he would not admit that the landing
of an armed Russian force in Korea was
tantamount to occupation of that country,
and further said that the Government had
mad- no representations to Russia on the
object. pMBW
The House this evening agreed to the
address in reply to the Queen's speech
opening the session of Parliament.
Racer Stonelleo Killed.
LONDON. Exc, Feb. 18.— The six-year
old horse Stonelleo, formerly the property
of Michael F. Dwyer, became frightened
at a pack of foxhounds while exercising on
the Lewes racecourse yesterday and fell
and broke his leg. The horse was imme
diately killed. He was a chestnut horse
by Stonehenge, out of Nell. He ran sixth
lor the NewmarKet selling plate of 103
sovereigns last May and was -claimed by
1. Woodless for the selling price, £400.
SETTLEMENT IS IN SIGHT.
Suggestions for the Selection of a Joint
Venezuelan Commission Meet
With Approval.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 18.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say that the negotia
tions now in progress between the United
States and Great Britain will result, ac-
cording to the expectation of the best in
formed circles, in a satisfactory settlement
of the Venezuelan boundary dispute.
The paper gives the line 3on which the
negotiations are proceeding. They are
virtually identical with the suggestions
made by G. W. Sna alley, the American
correspondent of the Times, for the ap
pointment of a joint commission.
The Right Hon. John Morley, formerly
Chief Secretary for Ireland, who is con
testing in the Liberal interest the seat in
the House of Commons for the Montrose
Burghs, delivered a speech at Forfar to
day. In the course of his remarks he said
he rejoiced that there was every indication
of a solution of the Guiana boundary dis
pute by the appointment of a joint com
mission.
PRESIDENT KRUGER WILL GO.
Boera Pleased With the Speech of Secre
tary Chamberlain.
PRETORIA, South Africa, Feb. 18.—
The speech delivered on Thursday last in
the House of Commons by the Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain, the British Colonial
Secretary, had a good effect, and it is now
most probable that the Volksraad, in
special session, will give the sanction to
the proposed visit of President Kruger to
England in response to MV. Chamberlain's
invitation that he visit that country to dis
cuss the matters at issue between Great
Britain and the Transvaal.
Thomas Sexton's Course.
LONDON, En©., Feb. 18. — Thomas Sex
ton, M. P. for. North Kerry, whom the
anti-Parnellites vainly sought to accept
the leadership of that party, to-day sent to
the meeting that elected Mr. Dillon to the
leadership an application for the steward
ship of the Chiltern Hundreds, which is
tantamount to resigning his seat.
Arrival of the Majestic.
QUEENSTOWN, Ireland. Feb. 18.—
White Star line steamer Majestic, from
New York, February 10, for Liverpool,
arrived off this port at 9:30 o'clock to
night. A very heavy swell prevented the
tenders from* getting alongside her dock.
She therefore proceeded for her destina
tion.
The Bering Sea Treaty.
OTTAWA, Oxt.. Feb. 18.— Information
has been received that the Bering Sea
treaty with the United States has at last
been signed by the United States Govern
ment.
Christopher Negri Dead.
ROME, Italy, Feb. IS. — Christopher j
Negri, a well-known Italian Economist, I
died in Florence to-day. He was born at 1
Milan, June 15. 1809.
Taken alto-
ROWE AGAINST WILLIAMS.
Injures the Marquette Bishop's
Chances by Publishing
a Letter.
It Was Sent as a Confidential Missive,
but Was Made Public
Nevertheless.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 18.— The
fight over the consecration of G. Mott
Williams as Bishop of the Marquette Epis
copal diocese has developed a second sen
sation, and one that has brought the Right
Rev. P. T. Rowe, Bishop of Alaska, into
much unpleasant notoriety.
Bishop Rowe wrote to Mr. Williams a
most friendly and sympathetic letter. In
this letter Bishop Rowe showed a kindly
interest, with the result that Mr. Williams
replied freely and without reserve, believ
ing his letter was to be treated confiden
tially.
It is this letter that is now causing the
trouble. For the first time Mr. Williams
appears to have evidenced some feeling in
the matter, and he expressed himself with
out reserve. He stated that it-would be
just as well that they should be kept out
of office, referring to diocesan officers, and
also intimated that it was his intention to
see that they were kept out. Mr. Wil
liams attacked the delegates in rather
harsh terms.
This letter is held by Mr. Williams'
opponents to be strong proof that the
charges contained in the protest were not
without foundation. Bishop Rowe, in
stead of treating the letter as confidential,
turned, it over to the Sault Ste. Marie
delegates, with the result that it has been
printed and sent to every Bishop in the
country.
HUNTINGTON AN
ARTFUL DODGER.
Continued from First Page.
are ready to meet Huntington's lieutenants
at every point.
Senators Goebel, Taylor and others, who
are pushing the fight for the.bill, are well
known for their parliamentary ability and
success in legislative matters, and are de
termined in their efforts to reach the bill
in the Senate this week, and its passage is
a foregone conclusion.
There are but three bills on orders of the
day ahead of this measure, and it may be
reached at any time. There has been no
meeting of the House Committee on Cor
porations to consider the duplicate of the
Goebel bill. Chairman Freeman said to a
Call correspondent to-night:
"1 have not called the committee, but
am willing to hear argument on the bill at
any time. I have been daily expecting a
notice from friends of the bill to hear ar
gument, but have received no communica
tion, and shall certainly report the bill
without an expression of opinion unless I
other members of the committee insist on j
an expression."
Senator Goebel and others are awaiting
the action of the Senate before urging the
bill in the House.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Cali
fornia, who is on the staff of Governor
Budd arrived here yesterday, as one of
the lobby against the repeal bill.
This fact has brought to light a security
debt paid for Colonel Harrington by Colo
nel Robert Tyler, at present an officer of
the State Senate, amounting to $1000.
This debt was paid during the war, when
Harrington and Tyler were Confederate
soldiers.
Colonel Tyler this evening filed suit for
the recovery of his debt with interest.
Notice has been served on Colonel Har
rington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
IN THE REALM
OF THE MIKADO.
Fight Among the Political
Factions Causes One
Resignation.
BLOW TO THE CABINET.
Significance of the Marquis
Ito's Coming Visit to
Petersburg.
THE MILITARY PARTY TO RULE
Japanese Statesmen Considering the
Best Means of Preventing North
ern Encroachment.
TOKIO, Japan, Feb. 4.— The resignation
of the Japanese Minister of State for Home
Affairs is the first untoward result brought
about by the difficulties attending a work
ing alliance between- the Government and
the Liberals. In Japan each Government
bill is introduced by the department im
mediately concerned, and its conduct
through the houses is entrusted to the
Minister of that department and his dele
gates. This session the Government sub
mitted to the lower house a measure pro
viding a special metropolitan system of
government for Tokio, and erecting the
suburban districts into a separate prefec
ture. The project aroused strong opposi
tion among the citizens of Tokio as well as
among the Liberal party, and the Govern
ment finally withdrew the bill.
This alone would have greatly discred
ited the Minister principally engaged in
compiling the measures and in carrying
them through the houses. But a more
humiliating issue . subsequently, arose in
connection with a bill introduced by the
Liberals for the amendment of the local
government system throughout the em
pire. At present the headmen of divisions,
in view of the important and responsible
functions devolving upon them, are nomi.
nated by the Central Government. Fur
ther, at the election of certain local offi
cials the system of scrutin de liste is fol
lowed. The Liberals, regarding both of
these processes as opposed to the spirit of
local autonomy, introduced a bill making
the position of headman elective and abol
ishing scrutin de liste. To both changes
the legates of the Department of State
for Home Affairs announced at first the
Government's opposition in the lower
house ond were subsequently obliged to
withdraw their protest. The Minister of
Home Affairs finds that under such cir
cumstances his position is intolerable and
has submitted his resignation. Being one
of the ablest statesmen Japan possesses,
his secession is a great blow to the Cabi
net, especially since all ruptures between
the statesmen in office have hitherto been ,
carefully avoided during the Diet's ses- '
sion. I
Rumors grow more and more persist
ent that Marquis Ito intends to visit
Petersburg so as to be present at the
coronation of the Czar, on which occasion
the Emperor of Japan will be represented
by his Imperial Highness Prince
Fushimi. Should the Marquis take such
a step great political significance will be
attached to it by the public, nor can there
be much doubt that his Excellency
would utilize the occasion to remove the
misconceptions that now so often threaten
the entente between Japan and her great
northern neighbor. But it is difficult to
believe that the Prime Minister will leave
Japan before the Diet rises, which will
not be until the 28th of March. In the
event of his departure political indications
now point to Count Matsukata as his suc
cessor, which would mean the restoiation
of the so-called "military party" to power.
The term "military party" is supposed
to signify a body of statesmen radically
opposed to the system of responsible Cabi
nets, and determined to hold in stern
check the growing power of the Diet. But
Count Matsukata does not really entertain
any views of that natuie. During his
leadership of the Cabinet, when the Diet
met for the first time, he came much
nearer to an understanding with the Lib
erals than was ever supposed by the gen
eral public, and if he resumed office now,
he would probably be found in alliance
with Count Okuma's party, the extreme
wing of the opposition and the bitterest
enemies ofthe Liberals. This late consid
eration accentuates the improbability of
Marquis Ito's resignation before the Diet
rises. His association with the Liberals
could not have been intended to have such
ephemeral duration. It must have been
designed to last throughout one session of
the Diet at least.
In discussing the budgetary items re
lating to military and naval expansion
the Japanese House of Representatives
has observed great privacy. Twice its de
bates have been held with closed doors,
but enough has transpired to afford a
glimpse of one important phase of national
j policy. Debating the periods fixed by the
j Government lor completing its schemes of
j expanded armaments, the House naturally
I considered the fact that, after the comple
tion of the Siberian railway, Russia will
be able gradually to concentrate at Vladi
vostock a force aggregating 200,000 men.
In what degree would Japan be menaced
by such a contingency, and what capacity
to meet it would she possess at the time
These were among the questions debated
by the Representatives, and they arrived at
the conclusion that, although Russia
might perhaps succeed in massing a great
army at Vladivostock, she could not pos
sibly maintain it at such an immense dis
tance from its base of supplies by means
of a solitary railway. Maritime commu
nication would be essential, and any line
! of sea communications would be exposed
1 ! to attacks by the Japanese navy, which,
| by that time, will be fully three times as
strong as the Russian squadron now as
i sembled in eastern waters.
The application of the ; Sanyo Railway
Company to purchase the state railroad
between Tokio and Kobe with the object
of doubling the line, altering it to the
broad gauge system and bringing the whole
main trunk line from Tokio to Shimon
oseki under one management, has been re
jected by the Government. But there can
! be little doubt that the attention attracted
by this great project, coming at a time
when people recognize the unwisdom of
employing the narrow-gauge on the
numerous lines now projected, has fixed
the nation's resolve to make a bold de
parture from the narrow-gauge system. 
The Japanese Government is" about to
•-'-.-• '■■•.-■-■ ■■•■•■ " ...
issue an imperial ordinance extending to
subjects and citizens of powers having
treaties with Japan the right to enjoy in
Formosa every privilege secured to them
by those treaties within the empire of
Japan.
The Government of Korea has deemed
it abvisable to abstain from drastic
measures in pushing its air-cutting re
form. Instructions have been ; issued to
local officials that people shall be left to
follow their own opinion in the matter.
Ten Japanese workmen were killed and
eleven wounded on the 20th of January by
an explosion of lire-damp in a colliery at
Sakuraba, in Fukuoka.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Johnson Working for Improvements on the
Sacramento — No Monument for
Commodore Sloat.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 18.-Repre
sentative Johnson to-day introduced a
resolution directing the Secretary of War to
inquire as to the present condition of the
Sacramento River and the effect upon navi
gation of the recent floods therein, and to
estimate the cost of such improvements as
may be necessary to restore the river to its
natural channel and to report generally as
to the nature and extent of such work as,
in his opinion, the circumstances of the
case require.
The Committee on Public Lands gave a
hearing to State agents in favor .of the
swamp land bill. The bill returns to
States the amounts received from the sale
of swamp lands, including lands located
by bounty warrants. On Friday the Com
mittee on Public Lands will give a hearing
to the California committee on Johnson's
5 per cent bill.
Senator Perkins some time ago intro
duced a bill for the erection of a monu
ment to Commodore John D. Sloat, in
memory of his action in taking possession
of California in the name of the United
States at the time of the Mexican War.
It has been pointed out, however, that
the records showed that Sloat neglected
to obey the orders of the Secretary of War
for a long time after the news of the com
mencement of hostilities had reached him,
and that for this refusal to carry out his
instructions he was reprimanded and re
lieved of his command.
He sailed, however, before the repri
mand and order reached him, and thus
saved himself from disgrace. But it is
claimed that his delay endangered or
might have endangered the success of the
plans to secure California for the United
States, and that he has thereby shown
himself to be a man unworthy of such
honor as is proposed.
Unless evidence can be produced show
ing that Sloat has been misrepresented it
is not probable that Senator Perkins will
press the bili.
Pensions . for California: Original —
Thomas McCaffrey, San Francisco; George
T. Firbox, National Military Home;
Wallace Green, Watsonvilie; Joseph W.
Bair, National Military Home.
Increase — Thomas Roe, San Francisco.
Washington: Restoration — William
Glasgow, Orting. Mexican war widow —
Elizabeth Russell, Vancouver.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Private Paul J. Saner of Company
C, Sixteenth Infantry, now in confinement
at the Presidio, San Francisco, will be dis
charged without honor from the service of
the United States, with the forfeiture of
pay.
MR. HEARST'S PURCHASE.
■Secure* a Valuable Painting at a New
York Auction House.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 18.— sec
ond and last night's sale of the David H.
King Jr. collection of paintings brought a
large gathering of art enthusiasts in
Chickering Hall to-night. The 81 paint
ings sold under the hammer brought
$169,400, making a total of $272,730 for the
161 paintings sold in the two nights. "End
of the Day" by H. Leroile was purchased
by W. R. Hearst for $2000.
KOREA'S KING IN RUSSIA.
Seeking Protection for His Country From
the Czar.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 18.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from St. Pe
tersburg says : The young King of Korea
has arrived here with the object of seeking
the protection of Russia for his country.
His visit is being kept a profound secret.
Those who have been let into the knowl
edge of his presence here look upon the
news as of high importance in connection
with Russia's Eastern policy.
SNOW OF LI, COLORS.
Singular Meteorological Phenomenon
Witnessed at Chicago. y -;~V.'-.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 18.— Chicago was
visited by the most singular meteorolog
ical phenomenon to-night that has ever
come under the observation of the local
weather observer. Black snow, yellow
snow and brown snow fell in blinding
clouds over the entire city and reports
from twenty miles out brought . news that
the vari-colored storm was not an exclus
ive Chicago production.
Convention of Engineers.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Feb. 18.— The an
nual meeting of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers convened in Pittsburg
this evening. President Joseph D. Weeks
delivered the annual address in which he
considered at length the claim that the
late William Kelley was the inventor of
the Bessemer steel process. The engineers
will visit Homestead, Duouesne and East
Pittsburg to-morrow to see the Carnegie
and Westinghouse works.
Mrs. Tulley Divorced.
FARGO, N. D., Feb. 18.— Mrs. Alverta
C. Tulley, who has been a resident of Fargo
for some time, was to-day granted an ab
solute divorce from her husband, C. H.
Tulley of Salt Lake, by the District Court
of Cass County. Mrs. Tulley is a daugh
ter of the late Joseph Su gett, who was a
prominent oil-broker on Wall street, and
is very highly connected. The ground was
cruelty.
Caucus of Republicans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.-Notice
was given this afternoon that a joint
caucus of the Republicans of the House
and Senate would ba held in the hall of
the House, Thursday evening, February
20, at 8 o'clock. It is understood that the
caucus is called for the purpose of select
ing a Congressional campaign committee
Kentucky's Senatorship.
. FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 18.— The Sen
atorial ballot to-day showed: Hunter 60,
Blackburn 60, scattering 10. The situation
is unchanged, and the Republicans who
have been supporting Hunter so warmly
declare that they will keep him on the
track. ■
STOCKTON M URNS.
Dr. Walter J. Hadden, a War Veteran,
.-;>' .' Dies After a Long Illness.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 18.— Walter
James Hadden, a well-known physician
who has been practicing medicine in this
city during the last four years, died at his
residence, on Park street, yesterday after
noon. He had been ill about three
months.
Dr. Hadden was 60 years of age. He was
a native of Devonshire, England, his fam
ily being one of the oldest in the county
and occupying an estate known as Had
den Hall. He was surgeon of a New Jer
sey volunteer regiment during the war and
served with his command in the field. 'He
was also a member of Jersey City Lodge
No. 84, F. and A. M., and a member of the
Hugh de Payen Commandery of Knights
Templar of that city. His funeral "will
take, place to-morrow afternoon at 9
o'clock, under the auspices of the Masonic
fraternity.
WILL WED AN
AUSTRIAN DUKE
Actress Minnie Radcliffe
Lands a European
Title.
A CONQUEST AT BERLIN.
Won the Affections of a Grand-
Nephew of the Great Prince
Metternich.
ARE SOON TO BE MARRIED.
Th© Footlights Favorite Will Be
Mistress of a Romantic Castle
in Tyrol.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 18.— Minnie Rad
cliffe, the actress, who became a great
favorite on this coast in 1892 in the role of
Dearest in "Little Lord Fauntleroy/' is to
wed an Austrian Duke, so says a private
letter from New York, received here to
day.
Miss Radcliffe, accompanied by her
mother, an accomplished and refined
woman, spent her last summer's vacation
in Europe. In Berlin they were well re
ceived in the American colony, and at an
afternoon reception Miss Radcliffe met the
Duke of Metternich, a grand-nephew of
.Prince Metternich, Austria's historic
Premier. From all accounts the Duke's
case was one of "love at first sight." Beg
gins permission to pay his respects to the
Radcliffe ladies before his return home,
which was granted, he. with some of the
ladies of nis party, showered much atten
tion upon the two Americans, until they
became objects of envy to their country
women. The Duke gave all conceivable
evidence of his strong attachment for Miss
Radcliffe, but refrained from pressing his
suit for her hand until the day before his
departure from the Prussian capital.
It is alleged that Miss Radcliffe's mother
informed the aristocratic suitor that her
daughter had no dower such as the Gould,
Leiter and Vanderbilt girls bestowed upon
their titled husbands. That was not con
sidered by the nobleman. He argued that
Miss Radcliffe's charming self was all the
treasure he wished for from her family.
The Radcliffes, however, were in no
hurry to give a positive answer then, and
prior to the departure of the.noble party
from Berlin they were courteously invited
to visit the Metternich Schloss, at Inns
bruck, in Tyrol, before they returned
to America. This invitation was accepted,
and a month later the Radciiffes were in
Vienna, en route to InnsbrucK, where, at
the American legation, they were sur
prised to learn of the great prominence
and enormous wealth of the Metternich
ily.lßßC|32S
A fortnight's visit at the Metternich
Schloss, so it is stated, settled Miss Rad
cliffe's fate. She became the affianced of
one of the proudest and most respectable
aristocrats in Europe, She now is said to
be in New York City, but very few are
taken into the confidence of the discreet
young woman, and no one knows when
or where the marriage is to be solemnized.
The writer of the letter conveying this
bit of news conjectures that the wedding
will in all probability take place m Vienna,
and with great eclat.
NATIVES VISIT OROVILLE
Members of Chico and Gridley
Parlors Entertained by
the Argonauts.
The "Curly Bear" and "Coyote" De
grees Conferred Upon Several
Aspiring Novitiates.
CHTCO, Cal., Feb. 18.— Oroville was a
lively burg Saturday night, and the hall of
Argonaut Parlor, N. S. G. W., was crowded
with local Natives and visiting members
from Chico and Gridley parlors. The oc
casion was the conferring of special de
grees on candidates from Oroville and
Gridlev. "Coyotes" and "Curly Bears"
mingled fraternally and socially, and a
royal time was had.
In the afternoon the members of Chico
Parlor No. 21, thirty strong, in four-in
hands and private conveyances, left Chico
for Oroville. The ride over was a pleasure,
the roads being in good condition, the
afternoon a beautiful one. and the drivers
anxious to show the speed of their ani
mals. Major Barnard drove one four-in
hand, in which were seven people, over in
2 hours and 25 minutes. Oroville was
reached before dark and, after dining, the
members were escorted to Argonaut Par
lor's hall, where the initiatory ceremonies
were held. y-y:
Gridley Parlor was represented by a
large number, and two of the members
were given the "Curly Bear" degree by
Argonaut Parlor. This created much fun,
and those who had never seen it were
highly amused, but it was not much fun
for the candidates.
But the "Coyote" was the king. While
the conferring of this degree was in prog
ress merriment ran riot. When finished
Chico Parlor was congratulated upon the
success of the ceremonies. A. F. Jones
and Past. Grand Jo D. Sproul acted as
toastmasters.
VALLEJO MAN INJURE O.
A Ranch Employe . Dragged Beneath a
Gang Plow by Runaway Horace,
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 18.— Theodore
Blank, employed on Daniel Monihan's
ranch, a short distance from town, met
with a serious accident this afternoon while
driving four horses attached to a heavy
gang plow. One of the traces became
unhitched and as he attempted to re hook
it the horses started to run, throwing him
to the ground. The gang plow, with its
sharp shears, passed on ton of him. In
this position he was dragged quite a dist
ance, the iron cutting him in a number of
places. . • ',
The horses were finally - stopped and
Blank extricated from his perilous position.
His face was badly gashed, his right ear
nearly severed and his < right leg cut ■in
several places. The wounds, though ugly
looking, will not prove fatal. .
Drowned at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. Peter Mc-
Cabe, formerly a policeman here, was ac
cidentally killed at an early hour this
morning while coming from Astoria on the
steamer; Telephone. McCabe slipped on
the gangplank, falling into the water to a
depth of eight or nine feet. The man was
speedily * taken out of the river, but was
dead when he reached the deck of the
steamer. He could not have drowned in
the short time he was submerged, but it is
supposed that he was killed by striking his
head against the side of the vessel.
WANTED AT SPOKANE.
A Missing Fresno Confidence Man Who Ran
Away With the Wife of Another
Individual.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. Charles Good
fellow, who is not all that his name im
plies, is wanted in places other than
Fresno. Goodfellow was a local sewer con
tractor who decamped between two (lays,
leaving a number of laborers minus their
wages for several weeks. On the day prior
io his leaving he cashed a city warrant for
$2600 and took the money with him. In
addition to the laborers who were left
without their money several material sup
ply houses have occasion to rue the day
they extended credit to Goodfellow. A
woman who had posed as Goodfellow's
wife during his residence here was left
behind, but some time afterward she, too,
dropped out of sight.
A letter was received to-day by City
Clerk Shanklin which explains who the
pretended Mrs. Goodfellow really was. It
was written by a deserted husband and
throws new light on Goodfellow's "accom
plishments." It is as follows:
Spokane, Wash., Feb. 14.
City Clerk, Fresno, Cal.-DF.xvt Sip. : I - hear
that the police of your city wanted a man by
the name of Charles Goodfellow, formerly of
this city. Will you please inform me if he is
still wanted on the charge of misdemeanor,
and can you inform me if there was a woman
with him at the time he was in Fresno? He
left here in compa >y with my wife unlawfully,
and I am trying to find them and bring them
back here. Perhaps you could put me in tho
possession of some information which might
assist me in capturing him.
J. M. Anderson, Jamieson Block.
The officers here will not be able to ren
der Mr. Anderson any service, for neither
Goodfellow nor the woman has been heard
from since their flight from this city.
BAKERSFIELD'S MYSTERY.
Diligent Inquiry Fails to Reveal
the Whereabouts of Henry
Brockman.
Valuable Papers Belonging to the
Missing Man Are Found on a
Seattle Street.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., Feb. 18.— Henry
Brockman, a well-known resident of this
county for years, is missing, and his
friends are greatly worried. On the 12th
of last November Brockman intrusted a
note for $150 to Attorney' McNamara for
collection and then departed, leaving word
to address him at Piute, in care of J. E.
Miller. , On December 9 McNamara ad
dressed a letter to Brockman informing
him that the note had been collected. A
fe.v days afterward a reply came from
Miller that Brockman had left his place,
and he knew nothing of his whereabouts.
Here the matter ended until this morning.
Shortly after Brockman left McNamara"s
office he went to the Bank of Bakersfield
and left $50, and in return was given a cer
tificate of deposit. Recently a letter was
received from Seattle from a man signing
himself Jack Levy, informing the bank
that he had found on the streets of that
city a Bank of Bakersfield certificate of
deposit for $50, payable to Henry Brock
man, with a receipt for a $150 note pinned
to it, and he stated that if the $2 which he
j bad paid out for advertising for Brockman
| were sent to him he would forward th«
papers.
Toe bank complied, but all efforts to
ascertain the whereabouts of Brockmaii
proved ineffectual.
FRESNO DEMOCRATS ACTIVE.
Party Leaders to Embark in a Daily
Newspaper Venture.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 10.— Fresno County
Democrats are determined, it seems, to
have a party organ. A new /syndi
cate of leaders of that party has been
organized for the avowed purpose of bring
ing out an unalloyed Democratic daily in
the near future. A note for a large sum
has been signed by several prominent
Democrats, which, it is understood, will
be hypothecated for the desired funds.
Editor Dealer of the Madera Tribune is
already on the way to San Francisco to
purchase the plant. Dealer will be one of
the new paper's managers. It is under
stood that the new daily will absorb ex-
Senator Goucher's weekly, which reached
its fourth issue yesterday. The venture is
based on the prospects of an election for
county officers next November. The pres
ent county officials, with one exception,
are Republicans. Incase of an election
the Democrats intend to make a deter
mined fight to displace every man now in j
the courthouse. . j
ARRESTED AT PETALUMA.
' John Mitchell Accused . of Poisoning
. . Scores of Chickens.
PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 18. — John
Mitchell was arrested to-day on complaint i
of F. Cruz for having on March 15, 189t>, so '
Cruz alleges, poisoned 180 chickens. He I
pleaded not guilty and was released on his I
own recognizance.
Chicken-raisers, having lost many fowls J
by theft, organized a Poultry-keepers' Pro
tective Association some time ago, and re
wards were offered for the capture of the
thieves. On Sunday night they robbed S.
Hansen's henroost. Hansen, hearing the
disturbance, sallied forth with his. shotgun
and fired at the retreating forms of two
NEW TO-DAY.
mm DRUG CO.,
Ipf CUT-RATE
fll, DRUGGISTS!
1128 An. DEVEST ST.
BAKER'S ft*
TAR IRA A POSITIVE
BUKIi ZDln_ -
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco— Los Angeles.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound .75c
Paine's Celery Compound..... 60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla 65c
THE OWL~DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
• . '
Williams' Pink Pills .35c
Castoria ........; 25c
Syrup of Figs ;'. .35c
Cuticura Resolvent . . .'. ... . . . . . .... . . . ,70c
Warner's Kidney Cure.;... ............ .85c
Allcock's Porous Plasters 10c
Carter's and Beecharn's Pi 115... ....... 15,.
Allen's Malt Whiskey 85c
Romany Oil 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWLTDRUG CO.
robbers without effect. The next day he
visited some of the commission stores and
found that his chickens had been sold by
persons previously suspected. The matter
as been placed in the hands of the Pro
tective Association, and arrests will follow.
SAN LUIS OBISPO'S LOSS.
Death of E. W. Steele After a Lingering
Illness.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Feb. 18.— E.
W. Steele, one of the foremost men of this
county, died this afternoon after a linger
ing illness at his home on Corral de Piedra
Rancho. He had resided in this county
since. 1863, and was largely interested in
farming and dairying, having business in
terests in different localities from San
Francisco down to Guadalajara, Mexico.
I Mr. Steele was born in New York sixty-five
| years ago. His body will be buried in the
! Masonic Cemetery in San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAT.
Winning favors on all
sides. Every mother that
has seen our New '96
Sailors pronounces them
handsome garments.
Some 2000 Sailor Suits
to-day, made from good
blue cheviots, with deep
drooping sailor collar, trim-
med with red and black
soutache braid. Awfully
cute little sailors — ages 3
to 10 years.
SPECIAL
TO-DAY
AT
$1.50.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
Frisco's Biggest and Most Popular Store,
9, 11, 13 AND 15
Kearny Street.
A remedy used exclusively by a physician ot
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
I guaranteed cure for primary, secondary aud
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full iniormation free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Koom 1, 63S Market St.. San Franoisco.
WALLPAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO riAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
WINDOW SHADES!
-. Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLESALE — -AND RETAIL.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OV THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM 1 MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
OOSMOPOIiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., Ban
Iranciaco, Cal. —The most select family hotel In
the city. Hoard ana room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 500
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach hearing the name of the Co*-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
EEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD & CO.
European plan. Rooms SOc to *1 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week. $8 to 830 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: lire grates in
every room; elevator runs all night.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., opp»
sito Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Pell m%. Tel*
phone 570.. Residence telephone. "Pine 2501."
HEALTH RESORTS.
THE ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.
34
DYNAMITER AT
LOS ANGELES.
Harry Coyne Arrested for
Hurling a Bomb at a
Residence.
POSED AS A DETECTIVE.
He Is Believed to Have Made the
Attempt to Wreck the
Stimson House. •
HAD WARNED THE MILLIONAIRE
Offered to Prevent the Dastardly
Crime if He Was Paid a Sum
of Money.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. IS.— Harry
Coyne, alias Hank Coyne, an alleged de
tective, was arrested this morning by De
tectives Auble and Hawley on a warrant
charging him with assault with intent to
commit murder. The arrest is the out
growth of the explosion which took place
at the residence of Capitalist T. D. Stim
son, on Figueroa street, a short time ago.
About three months ago Coyne was en
gaged by Mr. Stimson to accompany a son
of the millionaire to the City of Mexico.
This -in was unruly and ungovernable,
and the millionaire desired to get him
away Irom the city. When Coyne re
turned to Los Angeles he found that his
oflice furniture had been attached by a
constable to liquidate some of his indebt
edness.
A few days after his return Coyne went to
Stimson and apprised him that he -uni
son) was in danger of his life. He stated
that something terrible was likely to hap
pen him. He intimated that he was in the
secret and that for a certain sum of money
an exposure of the guilty parties would be
made. Stimson refused to treat with
Coyne, and soon afterward the explosion
occurred.
Stimson went to the Chief of Police and
informed him of Coyne's actions and im
plied threats. Detectives Anble and Had
ley were then detailed on the case. Coyne,
who appears to have always maintained
his assurance, called on Chief Glass and
gave him a lengthy and detailed account
of another contemplated outrage on Stim
son. He informed the Chief that for $60
he . would place the malefactors in the
Chief's power. Coyne's next call was upon
T. D. Stimson. He notified that gentle
man that there were three men in the
scheme to either blow up the Figueroa
street mansion, set fire to his lumber-yard
or stab him in the back.
The most singular thing in connection
with this affair was the fact that Coyne
invariably stated that these men were in
his power and would do his bidding. He
made the proposition both to Mr. Stimson
and the Chief of Police that if he was paid
$250 he would so arrange it that they could
capture the men in the act, but he stipu
lated that he should be one of the men
who would make the capture.
The police say that Coyne was not alone
in the scheme. When the case of Coyne
is brought up in the courts sensational de- .
velopments are expected. It is hinted that
one of the supposed malefactors is a young
man well known to the community and
not unknown to Mr. Stimson.
BASEBALL AT STANFORD.
Phi Gamma Deltas Defeat the Beta Theta
Pis in the Best Game of
the Season,
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
18.— A second inter-fraternity baseball
game was played on the campus to-day,
and in some respects was the best game
seen on the diamond thus far. Captain
McLaine's pitching was line, and Strohn,
'98, Cochran, '96, and Cotton, "98, all
played good ball. The match was between
the Phi Gamma Deltas and the Beta Theta
Pis. The score at the end of the game
was 13 to 11 in favor of the Phi Gamma
Delta nine.
The senior farce committee has decided
to offer a $25 prize for the best farce sub
mitted by student competition before
April. The committee retains the right
to reject ail farces offered, provided they
fail to reach tbe desired standard or are
not available for this special occasion.
The committee hopes, however, to get
Eome farce submitted that' will contain
plenty of local '•hits,." "grinds" and "situ
ations" to make it a success financially
and otherwise. ;SfSH
President Stewart Cotton of the sopho
more class has appointed the committee
which is to have charge of the cotillon.
It has been decided to give the cotillon on
March 6, and the committee having it in
charge consists of the following: F. M.
Slorke, F. Rasch, W. M. McNeil, J. M.
Switzer, Miss Hyde, Miss Haskell, and F.
V. Keesling chairman. ; ; :
SANTA CRUX'S WATER FETE.
Elaborate Programme Arranged by the
Executive Committee.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. IS.— The ex
ecutive committee of the Carnival Asso
ciation to-night adopted this general
programme:
On the first night (June 17) there will be
a novel scene on the river, representing
the meeting of Anthony and Cleopatra.
A naval display will occur on the follow
ing night. On the third night a represen
tation on the river of an attack on the
mainland, the gunboat to be manned by
the Naval Reserve and the land fort to be
defended by Grand Army veterans and
Sons of Veterans, will be given. The
fourth night will be devoted" to a mask
ball and high jinks.
The association will spend $10,000 on
this carnival. There will be an admission !
charge only to the fetes on the river. The '■
electrical display will be liner than last
year. Twelve hundred lights will be era
ployed, while last year there were only j
800. J
STREET FIGHT AT GRIDLEY.
Two Schoolteachers Settle a Dispute as to
California Law.
" CHICO, Cal., Feb. 18.— Gridley was in
an uproar last night, when two of Butte
County's popular schoolteachers engaged
in a fight. J. T. Beven, member of the
Board of Education and principal of the
Girls' High School at Gridiey, and P. L.
Tople, principal of Gridley public school,
met on the street, and during a brief con
versation Mr. Tople remarked that a pri
vate individual could sue the State. Sir.
Beven inlormed Mr. Tople that he knew
nothing about it, that a private individual
could not sue the State.
When Beven insinuated that Tople was
in error, the latter offered to bet he was
not. Before they could put up the stakes,
they concluded to settle it in a prompter
manner. Tople led for Beven's head, and
Beven began to dodge. The fight lasted :
several minutes. A large crowd congre
gated, and the belligerents were separated.
Beven and Tople had black eyes, and each
was led away by his friends.
SANTA ROSA'S PRIDE.
Boards of Trustees From Surrounding
Towns Invited to Inspect the Water
Works System.
■ SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 18.— The City
Council nt its regular meeting to-night ex
tended invitations to the Councils of all
of the principal towns in this county, as
well as those of Marin, Napa, Mendocino
and Solano counties, to attend the celebra
tion of Washington's birthday in this city
on Saturday. This invitation is extended
j for the purpose of allowing the city fathers
of the neighboring towns to witness the
public test of the new municipal water
system just completed.
A brass band will welcome the guests at
each depot and escort them to the Court
house, where an address of welcome will
be delivered by the Mayor. At noon the
water will be turned on, and it is expected
that six simultaneous streams will be
thrown over the highest buildings in this
city. The visitors will be invited to visit
the reservoir and pumping station, the
flowing wells and other objects of interest
as the guests of the city.
Mayor Effey of Santa Cruz will head a
party of twenty-five from his town, and a
large number from San Francisco are ex
pected. To those of the neighboring towns
who are contemplating municipal owner
ship of their various water systems facts
and figures will be furnished by the con
tractor, Paul B. Perkins, as to the cost of
construction, cost per gallon for pumping
and all operating expenses.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
A Detective's Judgment Against
the Southern Pacific Set
Aside.
Will Get No Pay for Services During
the Big Strike— The • Day in
the Courts.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IS.— Judge Rey
nolds this morning reversed the decision
of Justice Dwyer giving F. R. Bishop
judgment against tho Southern Pacific
Company for $12 due for detective services
during the great railroad strike of 1894.
Bishop brought suit in Justice Dwyer's
court for $20, alleged to be due for four
days' services, and secured a judgment for
$12. The railroad company denied the
debt and claimed that if he was hired it
was by the State or the United States.
There was no evidence to show that the
company had hired him, and judgment
was given for defendant.
Exempt Firemen to Incorporate.
'> SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— Exempt
Firemen at their meeting last evening de
cided to incorporate and the following
were elected as a board of trustees: E. A.
Van Dalsem, Philip Doerr, G. H. Jeffer
son, Henry Seebach and C. F. Willey.
They will at once tile articles of incorpora
tion, so they may secure the benefits of
the fund allowed by State law out of the
city treasury and known as the Exempt
Firemen relief fund.
City Officers Nominated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— The Good
Government Club of Santa Clara held a
meeting last evening and nominated the
following town officers: Town Trustees—
J. B. O'Brien, D. O. Druffel and Chris
Pallison; School Trustees— Dr. S. Ober
deener and B. F. Thompson; Town Clerk,
E. S. Wright: Town Treasurer, Charles A.
Nace; Superintendent of Schools, Rev.
A. L. Kellogg. The election occurs Mon
day, April 3.
Land in Litigation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. IS.— T. P. Hub
bard to-day began suit in the Superior
Court to eject Peter Penoi from a piece of
land in the Santa Cruz Mountains, which,
it is alleged, the defendant has unlawfully
held possession of since December 6, 1894.
Besides the restitution of the premises,
he asks for $400 damages alleged to have
been inflicted by the cutting of wood and
retention of the premises.
Sues for His Wages.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— W. J. Foley
to-day began suit against J. Zicovich to
recover $5682 60, alleged to be due for labor
performed between July 1, 1890, and Feb
ruary 8, 1896. The plaintiff alleges that
he was employed at $100 per month, but
during the four years he has been paid
only the sum of $955 60.
Vacant Cottage Destroyed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— A cottage be
j longing to M. Howard on Senter street,
| near Julian, was destroyed by lire shortly
after midnight. The house was vacant
ana the cause of the fire is unknown. The
loss is $1000, fully insured.
TULARE COUNTY'S OUTLAWS.
Mrs, Johnson Confesses That Her Sons Are
Guilty, and Urges Them to Sur
render.
VISALIA, Cal., Feb. 18.— In an inter
view with a Call correspondent to-day, in
the County Jail, Mrs. E. J. Johnson, the
mother of Ben and Dudley Johnson, the
boys who are now pursued by a Sheriff's
posse, admitted that her sons were guilty,
and wrote the following letter, which she
asked to have left in her house, near
Traver, or mailed at Traver, where she
hoped her boys would receive it:
,', „ \iralia, Cal., Feb. 18, 1896.
My Dear Children: This is your dear mother
that you love more than your life. You know,
dear boys, that you have done those tilings
that you ought not to have done. That man
who came to the House was, I think, the Sheriff
from Hanford. He had a right to arrest you,
and now every bad thing will be laid to you
unless you come back and face it.
Now, dear children, come back and face it; do.
dear children, come, and all things may turn
out for the best. Doit for my sake; come. they
cannot kill or hang you. Trusting that this
may reach you is the prayer of your fond
Mother.
The officers are in close pursuit of the
boys, and it is expected that they will be
caught with but little difficulty, notwith
standing their threat that they would
never be taken alive. Sheriff Merritt has
found that a box of stolen goods was
shipped from Traver a few days ago by one
of the Johnson boys.
The old lady says the box was sent, but
she declined to say where. She says,
however, that Dudley was at Los Angeles
for several days recently, and it is believed
sold some of the stolen goods there.
While living around Farmersville Dud
ley would not associate with any one ex
cept members of good families. T. J.
Brundage took a fancy to him and often
invited him'to his house.
His son Robert has been regularly cor
responding with Dudley ever since. Mr.
BrnndagestiJl refuses to believe that Dud
ley Johnson had anything to do with
cracking his safe or robbing the Lindsay
store.
Dudley has dark hair and eyes, weight
about 145 pounds and wears a small, dark
mustache. Bis brother Ben is heavier,
but shorter and is lighter in complexion.
Acquitted at Riverside.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 18.— The trial
of E. C. Hazen for snooting S.E. Cook at
South Riverside on January 15 closed this
morning, the jury bringing in a verdict of
not guilty. . y , ; ■ ... ... y. . , ..... ., ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
PROBING THE
WILLOWS FEUD.
Political Quarrels Caused
the Death of Druggist
Putnam.
WERE BITTER ENEMIES.
Editor Sehorn Had Excoriated
His Opponent in the Columns
of His Paper.
THEY MET UPON THE STREET.
An Angry Altercation, a Blow, and
Then the Fatal Shots Were
Fired,
WILLOWS, Cal., Feb. 18.— taking
of evidence against W. A. Sehorn, on trial
for the killing of Druggist Putnam last |
October, began to-day. During the morn- j
ing session of court the prosecution's case j
was outlined by Attorney Swinford, and
then H. W. Walker, a son-in-law and part- |
ncr of Putnam, was called.
Swinford said that for four or five
months there had been an unfriendliness
between Sehorn and Putnam. The de
ceased had seen a number of inflammatory
articles in the journal published by
Sehorn, reflecting on him, and had ordered
the paper discontinued three or four
times, but it was sent to his store despite
his protests.
Supervisor H. C. Hulet was the first wit
ness to describe the killing of Putnam.
He was in the act of separating Putnam
and Sehorn at the time the first shot was
fired. On cross-examination, Attorney
Albery labored hard to carry the witness
back to the time of the Democratic Sena
torial Convention in San Francisco, when
the Hon. John Boggs and J. L. Seawell
were candidates in August, 1894, and to
which Putnam was a delegate. It was
finally elicited that Sehorn criticized, at
that time as well as afterward, the actions
of Putnam. '
Dr. Randolph, who was called to attend
Mr. Putnam at the time of the tragedy,
and who arrived just as Putnam was
breathing his last, described the pistol
shot wounds, four in number. He said
that either of the first two wounds was
necessarily fatal.
Frank Putnam, a nephew of the dead
man, had witnessed the killing of his
uncle. He came along at the time and
saw his uncle standing with his back
against a post in front of his drugstore,
and Sehorn in front of and lacing him.
Sehorn was using insulting language and
shaking his finger in Putnam's face. He
called Putnam "a pretty man," and of
fered to bet him $20 that ha did not have
certain papers. Putnam requested Sehorn
to go away and come around in the morn
ing. Sehorn seemed very angry and
would not go away.VyVy'i * '-yy
"Hulet then stepped between them,"
said the witness. "There was a blow. I
thought Sehorn was partly knocked down.
I got hold of my uncle to pull him away,
and Sehorn then shot four times. I
rushed my uncle to the middle of the
street as fast as I could and asked him if
he was shot. I heard gurgling of blood,
and he died — never spoke."
Frank Putnam was still on the stand at
the close of the day's ' session. Judge
Bridgeford ordered the jury into the
charge of the Sheriff, stating that he be
lieved the importance of the case war
ranted it. sUhI
SUISUN VOTES BONDS.
But Six Ballots Cast Against the Proposi
tion for an Extensive Water
Works System.
SUISUN, Cal., Feb. 18.— The election
for bonding the town to acquire an ade
quate water supply was held to-day. The
votes recorded for incurring an indebted
ness of $42,000 necessary for the construc
tion and completion of a public water
works were 145, while only 6 votes were
cast against the proposition. Bonds will
te issued for the aggregate amount, so
that one-fortieth of the indebtedness will
be paid annually, and will bear intereit at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum. The
bonds will be of the denomination of $525
each, and will number eighty in all. The
total amount for the forty years will be
$84,870. The people here, during the past
thirty years, have paid $151,792 to the
present water company.
The source of supply for the proposed
water works is eight and a naif miles from
Suisun, and when the works are con
structed Suisun will own and control one
of the best water systems in the State.
The result of the election to-day will no
doubt cut' an important figure in the en
deavor to have a beet sugur factory estab
lished in Suisun. Enough sugar-beet seed
has been received to experiment on fifty
ranches, and it is being distributed gratui
tously by the proprietors of the Solano
Republican to the farmers in this vicinity.
GOLD IN GREEN V ALLEY.
Sparkling Rlaek , Sand Found Near the
Vailejo Water Works.
SUISUN, Cal., Feb. 18.— Considerable
excitement was caused in Cordelia yester
day when it was made known that gold
had been discovered in Green Valley, near
the Vailejo water works. F. S. Jones, a
prominent orchardist, and M. Hayes, who
has charge of the water system, noticed
some sparkling black sand at the foot of
the reservoir, and procuring a pan pro
ceeded tow-ash the sand. In a few hours
they succeeded in separating several dol
lars' worth of fine gold.
The result of the find has caused great
excitement in Green Valley and no doubt
many prospectors will line the creek for
some days to come. _
KILLED NEAR SUISUN.
Strange Death of John Dickson, a !
■ Wealthy Sheep-Owner.
SUISUN, Cal., Feb. 18.-John Dickson,
a wealthy sheep-owner living seven miles
east of Suisun, was killed late to-night
while on his way home. He had evidently •
fallen from his cart, and in some unac
countable manner his head got caught '
between the spokes of a wheel, breaking
his neck. He was found by a neighbor's
boy, who gave an alarm. Dickson's horse
had stopped and was standing in the road :
when the boy came along. Deputy Coro
ner Maynard has left for the scene of the
accident. -^yy" - y r . -.•■.%',
Missing From Fort Angeles.
EORT ANGELES, Wash., Fob. 18.— A
searching party is in the woods along West
Dickey River looking for a rancher named
Dempsey. . He has been missing for two
weeks, and it is thought he has fallen into
the river. r Last month the same man
fourteen hours on lop of a stump,
having been caught in a flood which came
during the big storm.
SANTA ANA'S ASSASSIN.
Julian Berdugo Confesses That He Killed
His Cousin.
[ SANTA ANA, Cal., Feb. 18.— Julian
| Berdugo, a cousin of Jose Sepulveda, who
I was found murdered here last night, was
| arrested to-day for the crime by Sheriff
Nichols and has confessed. Berdugo
claimed Sepulveda shot first and that he
killed him in self-defense. Several people
in the neighborhood heard one shot, but
i none heard two. The murder is generally
believed to. have been a premeditated one,
the result of an old quarrel between the
two on account of Berdugo's attentions to
bepulveda's sister.
[Sepulveda was well connected, being a
; nephew of Ignacio Sepulveda. who holds a
.Federal appointment in Mexico, and re
lated to other prominent Spaniards of his
name. There is considerable excitement
over the killing, but mob violence is not
feared.
Alter the Coroner's inquest a warrant
was issued for Berdugo's .arrest, he was
taken before Justice Huntington and his
?o re £l inar 7 examination set for February
-8. Sheriff Nichols took him to Los An
geles this evening for safe-keeping.
TACOMA INDICTMENTS.
forty-six Counts to Which Cashier Peters
Must Answer.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 18.— W. G. Peters,
cashier of the Columbia National Bank,
who was yesterday indicted as an accessory
in the crime of embezzlement with Presi
dent Henry Oliver, was to-day indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury on forry-six other
counts He is charged with misapplica
tion of $4845 of the bank's money, of falsi
fying oank records by raising entries of
cash on hand and credits in the books just
previous to the arrival of the National
Hank Examiners, and of falsifying the
reports to the Comptroller of Currency,
which reports he was required by law to
make five times annually.
Peters was arraigned" and given until
Monday to plead. President Oliver and
Peters were arraigned to-day on embezzle
ment charges and pleaded not guilty.
The trial was set for July 9.
STEAMERS TO EUREKA.
Proposition Submitted by the
Chamber of Commerce of
Portland.
An Ocean Route That Will Divert
Much Trade From San Fran
/ cisco Wholesalers.
EUREKA, Cal.. Feb. 18.— Great interest
Is manifested here over the proposition
made by the Portland Chamber of Com
merce to establish a regular line of steam
ers between that place and Eureka. Mar
tin Wallace of the Portland Flouring Mill
Company has been sent here as a repre
sentative of the Portland chamber.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company has now a small steamer, the
South Coast, on the route, and as soon as
the merchants here are willing to guarantee
a larger freight and passenger traffic a much
larger and better steamer will be put on.
This company has i. road from Portland to
Umatilla Junction, where a connection is
made with the Great Northern for Spokane
and the East, i y.'- ■
From Umatilla Junction its line extends
I to Huntington, where it meets the Union
i Pacific. The Oregon Railway and Naviga
j tion .'Company then can offer to the people
i of this section the- choice of two connect
ing routes. to the East. If any arrange
! ments can be made so that the same
! through rates enjoyed by the Washington
| shingle and lumber men can be secured by
the Eureka manufacturers it will not be
; long before redwood shingles, doors and
■ window-sashes will be laid down in Chi
cago, Kansas City, Buffalo and other East
ern markets, to compete with the pine in
dustry, which now controls these markets.
For many years San Francisco has
j monopolized tne entire trade of this county.
j Lately, however, the merchants here have
j secured some of their wares from Portland,
! and now a considerable trade is in a fair
I way to be established between the two
places. Next to securing an Eastern rail
road direct, this is considered' by the busi
j ness men as the best proposition the peo
, pie of this district can expect.
Hollister Racetrack Abandoned.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Feb. 18.— At a meet
ing of the Agricultural Association of
District 83, it was decided to abandon the
racetrack and sell the property. The asso
ciation is $6000 in debt.
BUILDING BOULEVARDS.
What the Association Has Accomplished
in That Direction Within a
Short Period.
The San Francisco Boulevard Associa
tion met last night and received a report
from its committee on Supervisors and
construction appointed at a previous
meeting. '
The report covers several points. It
states it has succeeded in having Golden
Gate avenue devoted to the public as a
boulevard for light vehicles only. It has
been recommended to the Supervisors that
First avenue, from the park to the Presidio,'
be declared a boulevard. The Ocean boule
vard will be completed by April 1 from the
Cliff to the Ocean House, three and a half
miles along the surf. Seventh avenue, south
of the park, has been greatly improved to
ward the Almshouse and a good entrance
to the park at that point has been made.
The Spring Valley Company has promised
to widen the roadway. by Lake Honda to
the County road, and the Supervisors will
widen the Almshouse road.
Mayor Butro has most generously agreed
to deed to the City a road eighty feet wide,
beginning at a point on the Almshouse
road just beyond the settling-house of the
water company, to run right through his
lands and connect with the Ingleside road.
This gift will bo of incalculable benefit to
this driveway, as it will save a drive uphill
and then downhill, as the road now winds,
and also shorten the distance materially.
It will afford and offer an attractive road
way, from which charming views may be
enjoyed. y^ •
When completed this boulevard will
form a continuous driveway from the park
leading up Seventh avenue, past the Alms
house, along the Sutro roadways by the
ingleside, thence down the Ocean road to
the beach, and then along the Ocean bou
levard to the Cliff House on back into the
park. ; -;--;■
In this connection the committee has
under contemplation the opening and
proper building of a boulevard riuht
through to the County line, and which.it is
expected will be eventually continued
down to San Jose. The committee has
been assured that it will be accorded the
right of way through the water company's
lands, at or ' near a point near where the
Sutro roadway leading from Seventh
avenue ends.
The following resolution on the Pest
house was adopted:
Resolved, That we are unalterably opposed to
the establishment of the Pesthouso on the
Almshouse tract, as it would prove a decidedly
objectionable nuisance to exist contiguous to
the boulevards now being constructed .to
attract the observing citizen and visitor to
MM City's attractions, which are now so near
completion, through the efforts of this associa
tion. . ,-.-:<;•-:. ' •..,-..•: :.-,-.-. -
BbOoOS to YdunsKi/F for Onck if troubled
with a bad Cough, Cold or Lung Affection, and
use promptly Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant, a safe
remedy for Asthma and Pleurisy, as well as all
Throat Complaints.' * ■"- -
FOLSOM PRISON
DEATH WATCH
Ivan Kovalev Placed Under
Close Surveillance in
His Cell.
HIS SOLITUDE IS ENDED.
Prison Authorities Are Guard
ing Against an Attempt
at Suicide.
BELIEVE HE WILL CONFESS.
— — — __
A Fellow-Countryman Gains the Con
fidence of the Murderer of «
the Webers.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Feb. 18.— Ivan
Kovalev, the cowardly murderer of F. H.
L. Weber and wife, will pay the penalty
of his crime upon the gallows at Folsom
on Friday mornings and until the men
who have been appointed by Warden
Charles Aull to perform the stern mandate
of the law step into the cell now occupied
by the assassin for the purpose of binding
his limbs and leading him to his death
Kovalev will not be allowed one minute of
solitude. A vigilant watcher will sit in
his cell for the purpose of preventing any
attempt on the part of the condemned
man to take his own life and thus cheat
the law's instrument of its lawful prey.
Ivan Kovalev's life belongs to the law he
has violated and by that law will his life
be ended.
The prisoner, even now that the death
watch has been placed over him, does not
seem to realize that his time on earth is
drawing to a close. He still maintains a
moody demeanor and absolutely refuses to
enter into any extended conversation with
his watchers or any other person who may
be allowed to enter his ceil. He eats in a
mechanical way when his meals are
brought to him, but with no apparent
pleasure or appetite, and he sleeps but lit
tle. Most of the time he sits in his chair
gazing into space witn a look in his eyes
that shows his thoughts are anywhere but
within the narrow confines of his cell.
Kovalev has a fellow-countryman to
keep him company, and who is endeavor
-1 ing to persuade him to give all the minute
[ details of the ghastly crime for which he
\ is soon to suffer. With this man Kovalev
: is rapidly becoming confidential, and it is
believed that eventually he will succeed in
persuading the condemned man to make a
[ full confession.
The attorneys who conducted Kovalev's
defense are fully convinced of the pris
oner's insanity, and have requested that a
thorough examination of his brain be
made after the execution. In the mean
time all the interest which the prisoner
ever displays is when engaged : in playing
dominoes with his fellow-countryman.
Last Sunday Warden Anil, through the
aid of an interpreter, informed Kovalev
that there was no longer any hope for
him. He received the information with
out any perceptible emotion and in
silence. Opinion seems to be equally di
vided as to the probable conduct of the
prisoner on the gallows, some claiming
that he will turn craven, while others be
lieve that his stolidity will not desert him.
TROTTING-HOESE MEN.
New Rules to Be Adopted for the
Advancement of the Light-Har
ness Horse.
The light harness-horse men were out
in full force at the meeting called at the
rooms of the Pacific Coast Trotting-horse
Breeders' Association, 313 Bush street,
last evening. Breeders, trainers, horse
men and representatives of the District
Agricultural Associations from all over the
coast were present. The object of the
meeting was the booming and advance
ment of the trotting-horse industry the
coming season.
Frank Covey, manager of Palo Alto stock
farm, occupied the chair, with F. W. Layng,
editor of the Breeder and Sportsman, act
ing a3 secretary of the meeting. Many
questions came up for discussion, but little
business was accomplished. A resolution
was read by F. W. Loeber of St. Helena
for the relief of owners heavily indebted
to the different agricultural societies
for unpaid forfeits and entrance money,
and whose names are now on the sus
pended list. The substance of the resolu
tion was to allow them to start their
horses in races during 1596 on payment of
their entrance for such starts under the
conditions of the races in which they
enter. If the horse entered prove success
ful in winning the amount of back en
trance money due to be withheld.
The resolution was moved and seconded
and F. W. Kelly, F. J. Brandon and F.
LoeDer appointed as a committee to con
sult with the different agricultural socie
ties for a consideration of the same. One
year was the limit set for allowing owners
to settle baok indebtedness.
Other questions arose for debate and, it
being found impossible to transact the
business during the evening, a committee
of ten was appointed by the chair
to hear the wails and woes of the
horsemen and to formulate a set
of rules for bettering the condition of the
trotting-horse men on the coast. Messrs.
Freeman, Wickcrsham, Brown, Loeber,
Williams, McCauley, Cohn, Durfee, Meek
and P. Williams comprised the committee.
The meeting was then adjourned. The
committee will meet at 10 o'clock a. m.
and report the result of their labors to the
general convention at 8 o'clock this even
ing.
Among the well-known horsemen pres
ent were: L. U. Shippee, Charles Corey,
Frank Burke. Ira Ramsdell. Charles
Durfee, E. J. McKerron. "Dick" Havev
E. P. Heald, G. W. McDonald and T.
Smith.
UNDERWRITERS MEET.
Twentieth Annual Gathering of the
Leading Insurance ■ Men of -
San Francisco.
The twentieth annual meeting of the
Fire Underwriters of. the Pacific was
called to order yesterday morning by V.
Cams Driffield, president of the associa
tion, in the underwriters' ball, Battery
and California streets. ~"
Louis Weinmann read the secretary's
and treasurer's reports. The former
showed that two new members had been
added to the roll during the year. Fifteen
were dropped from the roll, two resigned
and one died, leaving the membership 181.
The decrease was due to the demoraliza
tion of business,' which forced many men
out in the last year. The treasurer's re
port showed that the balance and cash
received amounted to $1293 56, disburse
ments aggregated $613 91, leaving a bal
| ance of $679 65.
In his opening address the president re
viewed the year and referred to the diffi- .
culties that confronted insurance men iii
that period. He outlined the plans to be
followed and adopted this coming year
for the benefit of the organization.
D. B. Wilson read a paper on how in
surance was conducted forty-five years ago.
Lesley Bates made a plea "for local
board organizations and claimed that
San Francisco should have one whether
there was a general compact here or not.
Alfred R. Grim, in talking on "Counter
Business," stated his conviction that all
country insurance business should. be
placed in the local office, but should never
be taken by brokers to city offices.
A. W. Thornton spoke in favor of a non
cancellation -clause in policies. H. D. Bige
low read a brilliant essay on "The Sugges
tion of a Newspaper Man." This paper,
it was stated, was on how to conduct in
surance business and to avoid payment of
losses.
J. H. Morrow read a paper on "Inspec
tions," holding that ail risks should be in
spected, for then companies would save
considerable money. E. . Niles read a nar
rative of an agent's experiences.
The programme to-day will come to a
close with a banquet in the Maison Riche;
it is as follows:
Reports of committee s—faj Adjuster's charges
and contribution thereto, C. Mason Kinne,
chairman; (b) mortgage clause, W. 11. Lowden,
chairman; (^reinsurance clause, George 11.
Tyson, chairman; (d) constitution and by
laws, R. XV. Osborn, chairman.
Some requirements of the times, F. G. Argall;
advertising, Amos F. Scwell; tne special agent
from a local's standpoint, Frank D. Brown,
Philipsburg, Mont.; nosin' round, William
Maris; collect or cancel, George W. Dornin;
election of oflicers; the California knapsack,
George F. Grant, Ed Niles.
CAPITALISTS ORGANIZE
Many Prominent Men Meet to
Form a New Insurance
Company.
Henry J. and Charles H. Crocker
Appointed on the Committee on
Organization.
The Chamber of Commerce was well
filled yesterday when several men promi
nent in mercantile and manufacturing
circles, and also capitalists, met to estab
lish a new insurance corporation, :to be
known as the California Underwriters.
The object of this new organization, it
was stated, was to transact a fire insurance
business under the form known as Lloyds,
or as individual underwriters.
Thomas J. Parsons, president of the
Del Monte Milling Company, was called to
the chair, and J. D. Maxwell, .City agent
of leading fire insurance companies, was
asked to act as secretary.
The following prospectus was read by
the secretary, setting forth the aims and
purposes of the new corporation:
It is proposed to maintain in the City of San
Francisco an office known as California under
writer.
The name shall be the California Under
writers of San Francisco, Cal., and the number
of members constituting such underwriters
shall not exceed 100.
The said California Underwriters is organ
ized for the conduct of lire insurance business,
under the form known as "I.loyds," where in
dividuals may severally become underwriters
under policies of insurance, and where the
liability of members shall be several and not
joint, a 3 though each underwriter had issued
a separate and individual policy. Other classes
of insurance permitted by law may be under
taken at any time should the same become
advisable.
A manager shall he appointed by power of
attorney of the underwriters, who shall act
under control. and authority of the Board of
Governors, issue policies and conduct an in
surance business in the name of the under
writers. - The compensation of the aid man
ager shall be by commission only, which com
mission shall not exceed that which is usually
paid by stock Insurance companies to their
general agents, and the said manager shall pay
all expenses for the conduct of such business,
.except losses, legal expenses, advertising and
stationery, meaning that the California under
writers will not undertake to pay rents or
salaries.
The manager will be authorized to under
write for each member as follows: On one risk
not to exceed two hundred and tiny ($250)
dollars, on one risk bounded by four streets
not to exceed one thousand ($1000) dollars,
and on all such policies issued the liability of
each or any underwriter thereou shall in no
event exceed the sum of two thousand ($2000)
dollars.
The governors shall have access to all books,
records and property of the. underwriters.
All investments of money belonging to the
underwriters in real property or ln securities
shall be made by the finance committee or the
governors, who shall at all times have and re
tain the custody of such securities or proper
ties.
Membership in the California Underwriters
may be assigned subject to the approval of the
governors.
The cash subscription of each underwriter
shall be $500. The additional liability as
sumed by each underwriter shall be $1500.
Tne total liability of each underwriter shall in
no event exceed $2000. Such liability shall
be limited and stated on each policy issued.
The amount created by the cash deposits shall
be the reinsurance reserve fund required by
law. Losses and expenses shall be paid from
the premium income. The remainder of such
premium income, together with the income of
the cash deposits invested, may be divided
among the underwriters annually.
A committee, consisting of Henry J.
Crocker, Samuel G. Buckbee of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co., Thomas J. Parsons ol the
Del Monte Milling Company, Charles H.
Crocker and J. D. Maxwell, was appointed
to prepare the form of organization.
y NEW TO-DAY.
jflu TV] WAD AYS, whea
fr^fm I^l women are trying
"f V/ to do everything
\ _V it is not strange
m^^** *•— that many things
x(ZsL^ _jP$Tj are over -done. It is
(tAjJitiyTtfu~^<Ayk not strange that
HBS&aV?./ *£*?> there are all kinds of
*illra»^r physical and m<n-
-6*-"H P'mjjSrL/*^ tal disturbances. If
[i,^, Xy^nV^^ty the woman who is a
11 \ wfrKJAjm doctor, or a lawyer,
II 1 7 ir'i V or a journalist, or in
•sl I ///l/l I {]* business would not
ml •■-iff If f lea tr^ to k a society
\jVF~~liilll I£m woman too it might
« ///ill 1 MM be different; but the
I—nil1 — nil 1 1 I fitM woman who knows
/pll/Ifl I ff?lWlA ,en she has done
111 ill// 1 118/l^tf a day's work has yet
ill /111 ill I S/af to be born. Usually
Hi illi 111 Jll/*szfl a wonian ' S wa >' ' s to
"///li if iw/ArU keep tloin 8 uutil s he
'^■^^Z^iJfMMIL Working in this
>J,^ic*«S^ way has manifold
evils. As an old
colored Aunty used
to say: "There's always somethin' the
matter. If it isn't one thing it's two." The
most common trouble resulting from over-
exertion, either mentally or physically, is
constipation of the bowels, with all its at-
tendant horrors.
There is no human ailment that so saps
the energies, so deadens the ambitions, as
that coming from the bowels forgetting
their vocation, or the liver only work-
ing about eight hours out of the twenty-
four.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are the most
effectual remedy in the market. They work
upon the system easily, naturally. There
is no unpleasant nausea after taking them.
No griping no pain no discomfort. They
are composed of materials that go through
the system gradually, collecting all impuri-
ties and like the good little servants that
they are, disposing of them effectually.
Mrs. Rosann^ • M. Bliss, ■ of - Colosse, Os-
wego County x New York,- says:
"I , had suffered much with dizziness, some-
times faiutness from too much mental work.
Over exertion physically caused Constipation of
the bowels. I tned liver pills. They gave tem-
porary relief. | Two years ago I began using Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. I have, at intervals,
used three bottles, and I am now enjoying unin-
terrupted good health.",.
... ' Yours truly, .
GOT OF HIS SKIN.
An Oreironijn Who Says Thai Ho
Might Be in That Pre-
dicament.
He Proposes to Help In a Very Good
Work, and Has Good Reason
to Do So.
Some people in this world who are brimful
of happiness have the faculty of keeping that
fact to themselves, as though they were afraid
that some of it might escape and they would
be a little poorer on that account. But there
are sensible folks, though enough to make up
for these poor misers, and one of these bright,
whole-souled men is Mr. E. W. Fowler of
Kamele, Or. Some time ago Mr. Fowler, who,
as has been noted above, was celebrated on ac-
count of his good nature and ins vivacity, be-
gan to droop a little. His smile had not that
sunniness nor his laugh that hearty ring as of
yore. Those who knew him began to sympa-
thize with him, to tell him how sorry they
were to see him "going down the hill," and a
hundred other equally dispiriting thing-.
And then they had Mr. Fowler as good as
under ground. But they were reckoning with-
out their host. They forgot that he was a man
of good sense and knew where to look for help,
and they had neglected to remember that the
grand old Hudson Medical Institute was still
in existence, and that its corps of great special-
ists were daily, nay, hourly, working wonder-
ful cures. The following letter will show how
wrong these prophets were:
KAMELE, Or.. Aligns! 8. 1895.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: Please excuse my negli-
gence in not writing you before. Ido not think
that I will need any more medicine, because I am
feeling so- good now that if 1 Jolt any Letter I
would jumpout of my akin with joy ! Many thanks
to you for your valuable treatment. 1 can and will
distribute about a hundred of -your new circulars.
Tours gladly. E. W. FOWLER.
You see, all the Joy has come back to that
man's heart— all the life and hope. And there
are many hundreds of hearts on this Coast that
are glad to-day, and all on account of the
great skill of the specialists at the grand old
Hudson Medical Institute.
Mr. George H. Cent of Rochester, Ca!., says:
"By the time I have the medicine taken that I
have now I don't think I will need any more."
S. M. Hooker of Los Angeles: "I now feel as
though I was a cured and well man."
Mr. J. T. Ward of Park City, Utah: "I am
cured of the terrible disease that I had."
Now, when there is a never-ending stream of
testimony like this continually pouring in to
the management of the great Hudson Medical
i Institute (the grandest curative establishment
' on this continent, if not in the world) how can
j It be doubted but that there is HOPE FOU
! EVERY ONE UNTIL THE FAMOUS SPECIAL-
ISTS OF THE HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
HAVE TOLD YOU THAT YOU HAVE AN
I INCURABLE DISEASE?
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
I Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder: all
bronchial diseases: all functional nervous dis-
eases: St. Vitus' aance; hysteria: shading nalsy;
epilepsy; all venereal diseases: all kinds <A b!-»od
troubles; ulcers, wastes of vital forces; rheuinv
tism; gout; eczema: all skin diseases, from what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoning:
j varicocele: poison oak; lost or Impaired manhood;
spinal trouble; nervous exhaustion and prostra-
tion; incipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lum-
| bago; sciatica; all bladder troubles: dyspepsia;
Indigestion; constination; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating department.
' Special instruments for bladder troubles.
I Circulars and Testimonials of the Great Hudyan
j nt free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills >i*.
-£RS FAI L
_V /Smr'^^ *Tfk
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Lending Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHROXIO
0 diseases of the head, throat, Innss, heart, ston -
ach. liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and nrl nary organs, rupture, pile*,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling ofthe glands.
Lo«s or partial loss of sexual power ln either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry
bashfulness. tailing memory and ail the distress?
Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an', permanently cured. done* those. Gleet Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease Brail.
His, thoroughly and forever cured.
WHITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you fr.-e of charge.
Address F. L. . SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oflice),
San Francisco. Cat
IirOTAIJR„ s—\
Chinese Tea and Herb L*~ 1
Sanitorinm, ffi^-*»
No. 727 Washings St., \ * J
Ran Francisco, Cal. Vj2 J
Cor. Brenhsm Place, above f,.ar g- A
the plaza. ' *j«w
Office Hours: 9to 1 4, — -^ \S* »J^*\
1 to 4 aud 5 to 7. Sun- *UfirF'
day, 9 A. 81. to 12 M.
Li Po Tal Jr., son of the famous LI Py
Tal, has taken his father's business,
i and is, after eleven years' study la
, China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
mm~%\
I I 6THEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUB
i A •yes and he them to Spectacle* or Eyeglasses
' with instrument of Ins own invention, waaes
superiority has sot been equaled. My«j^css(a«4
'< been due to the merits of my wort.
OOice Hours— i-' to 4 P. a.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $10 00 .
frouthrleld ....: 9 Si)
Genuine Coos Bay . 7 00— Half ton 3*50
Seattle 8 00— Half ton 400
•Bryant 6 00— Half toil -4 ud
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAX, CO.,
m Howard Street, Near First.
Peoples Home Savings Bank
rpHK NKXT DlVilM ND OF 10* WIIT RV
lerjiarcn A t»3b. if holders of deuoslt hoot«
will mail them to us witn orders slimed by them tn
collect the dividend we will refnrn the oki wit?
the money. COLUMBIAN BA.N^No".
Mills Buddi v, an Francisco, ril.
HACKMEIERS HOTEL. 123-120 EDDY ST
TTAS CHANGED HANDS, AN,, » ; NOW '<.
AT dei new -management.- First-class In all an
SoaT*Ta !, da" Ind,1 nd , - priced "*0« and
dav*^n*d a ua\ and UP: rooms withotit hoard -SOi- »
2£ and up. Special rates by week or no "1, Meals
35c. Iree bus to and from Hotel I "°" tn : -weais
\'& GKOKOK OKUIiNIC, Proprietor.KING CARNIVAL
IN ROYAL ROBES.
His Majesty Reigns Su
preme at the Mardi
Gras Ball.
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS.
Merry Dancers and Fantastic
Costumes Thronged the Art
Institute.
GRAND DAMES AND CAVALIERS.
Royalty, Artists and Common Folk
Join Hands and Hearts in
Merry-Making.
Prince Carnival and his subjects bowed
low to the goddess of misrule last night
and when the shadows of the dawning
crept into the Hopkins mansion on
California street the confusion was still on
and the night had passed away with
naught but the echoes of laughter to dis
turb the perfume-laden atmosphere.
The long canvas lane leading from Cali
fornia street to the main entrance of the
institute was ablaze with Chinese lanterns
and electric lights and the carriages drove
up and deposited gayly attired ladies and
their escorts, while the natives from the
adjoining neighborhood gathered to wit
ness the arrival of Rex and his faithful
subjects.
From 8 to 10 the fairest ladies and the
most chivalrous men of tne land poured
into the old mansion and separated at the
foot of the stairs, passing on either side to
their respective dressing-rooms.
About 9 o'clock the entire building was
filled with couples, and the restless
throng clamored for the King to appear
and let them pay obeisance to his Majesty.
Overhead and on all sides hung the deco
rations of every color, with red lights pre
dominating. Magnificent tapestry, flowers
of • every hue. callas, massive ferns
and palms sheltered the nooks and
lovers' corners, while the ladies of the
court clustered in multi-colored groups
beside the throne to await the com
ing of the King. In the conservatory
a bronze fountain played silver drops of
pure water over the foliage that enveloped
it, and between the leaves all the shellfish
of the sea peeped out and made the picture
grotesque and carnivalistic. A figure
of Venus de Milo looked down upon the
guests and half smiled between her marble
lips. From the surface of the polished
floors to the dome of the reception hall a
thousand hues and tints mingled, and the
festoons of ribbons fluttered in the air as
they were stirred by the passing of richly
attired ladies and ever-attentive noblemen.
Down the 'wide and glistening halls the
merrymakers wandered and grand dames
and patriarchal cavaliers with powdered
hair swept with haughty mem.
Suddenly from out the laughter and
merry-making a stentorian voice rang and
announced that the King would soon ap
pear. A burst of music floated through
the rooms and the great throng opened to
his Majesty.
First came the fool, with antics of the
half demented, waving his baton to the
passer-by, and nodding 'twixt his grim
aces to ladies and to budding girls who
stood near by with widely opened eyes J
gazing at the multitude of beauty.
Then came the King and on his arm the
Queen radiant with smiles and unfeigned
blushes mingled. On either side the boy
faced heralds blew upon their trum
pets and sent forth news viirt pleased the
populace. |
Behind the pages came uniformed young
sters burdened down with silken trails and
half ollicial dignity. Each one looked just
as though the carnival had been arranged
and manufactured for himself con
fidential rascals.
Behold! Now comes the Lord High
Chamberlain, heavy and weary with his
dignity. Clasped within his right hand is
the proclamation, mounted and trimmed
with ribbons gay and rolled upon a stick.
Lo! The music mingles with the measured
tread of royal feet, and the trumpets blare
as the King and Queen beseat themselves
upon the silken throne.
Then comes a lull, wherein the fool plays
pranks and advertises to the guests his
lunacy.
Slowly the royal monarch lifts his scep
ter and the Lord High Chamberlain reads
the proclamation amid the wildest cheers
at its conclusion. It was:
PROCLAMATION OF PBIKCE CARNIVAL.
Dc you hear, there? Pass this word among
the multitude and let it purchase silence for
the brief space of three hours and a quarter
while I, your Prince Carnival, Carnevale, Car
nelevamen, King of Folly and Abbot of Unrea
son do announce my state and order all things
to their worst confusion.
For I tun King of nil men, being King of
Fools, and my best subjects are your scholars
who think themselves the wisest, not having
wisaom enough to know that they are fools,
and thus fooling themselves with their own
folly. Then there be those men who are en
amored of foolishness for its own sake, ever
THE MEETING OF THE MERRY MASKERS AT THE HOPKINS INSTITUTE.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
laughing at nothing, which is to say at them
selves. As for those who wear a solemn visage
'tis because they dare not open their mouths
in laughter for fear some one peeping iv shall
discover the emptiness of their skulls. And so
heaven help us all ! Woman was a happy
thought ! would be but a stupid world with
out woman. And so, being King, my tirst com
mand is that all men within my court to-night
shall use their best endeavor to please ail
women. And he that is a recreant to this trust
let him tremble and remember:
How that, by fair Titanla, in love's sweet mazes
led,
Poor Bottom changed his honest poll into an ass'
head:
THE FOOT OF THE STAIRCASE-MARDI GRAS BALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
: And how there still are mortal maids who thus can
I play the elf
And cause full many a man to make a donkey of
himself.
And next my royal will proclaims' that all
who enter here to-night leave care behind.
Dull/grizzly care
Ureuthes not the air
The Prince or Carnivals doth quaff I
If I pass by .--.-. • -'•■ ,2 ..■•:
He needs must die.
Slain by my laugh. = -J.
For this same care Is a dismal coward, and
wny some people make a comrade of him, nay,
: hug Dim to their bosom, unless because it is be
i cause they are people of sense, excels my lack
. of wit to understand. But this is perilously
j like reason, and that ye shall not have, only
rhyme.
As the cold and slimy fog
it at Sf l ua by pool with croak ana call,
Molds its note any plunges in
At the sound of man's footfall.
• So my merry tread doth strangle
■Brooding care's dull crouking, too;
And he tiles my cap- bell's jangle,
I lunging in its loathsome slough.
What! Is it not known to all the world that
j care killed a cat?
Just think of that! '
Take my advice.
Laugh and grow fat.
Nay, 'tis not mv advice, 'tis mv order, my
; twenty-seventh order, which should be my
third, except that i love to disorder my orders.
And so, as 1 say, my forty-fifth order is" that ye
, shall laugh. 1 care not whether ye grow fat or
not, v jut laugh ye must. Those of ye who have
! lips like the steel clasps of a miser's purse.send
| for a glove stretcher, or let your mouth turn
! thief and rob your face of Its solemnity.
j As thunderbolt gunpowder doth ignite.
And Hint and steel doth strike a merry light,
So Hashing eyes and teeth this night,
"With wit and love shall make a bonfire bright.
And any man who fails to swear a maid be
pretty, whether she be or no; or any man who
| doth refuse the challenge of a glancing eye or
ambushed smile; or any man who loves a maid
j and. tells her not, for bashfulness, or lack of
; wit to make the opportunity, it is my royal
i will that he shall be declared unfitted for our
' revels and driven hence at the point of a
needle.
1 As for ye ladies— but hold! I shrewdly
guess I'd better be your pupil than instructor. '
So squeak", fiddle, and roar. brass horn!
With bounding hearts we'll whirl and prance, !
And ne'er give o'er till rosy morn
Sends sunbeams In to join our dance.
Hail, all hail, (» King of the Carnival. •
Great thou art in goodness and good thou art
in greatness. We bow to' thy mandates and
exclaim "Long live the King."
Ladies and gentlemen of tne Mardi Gras, we
welcome you to these enchanting scenes with
a right royal welcome, and thus saith the poet: I
" And the night shall be filled with music
And the cares that infest the day
Shall fold their tents like the Arab
And as silently steal away."
On the shores of the grand old Pacific
We have gathered together to-night -,* *
And with hearts lull of joy and of gladness
Cull a halt to old time aud his flight.
Golden Gate as it swings on its hinges
With the flowing and ebb of the tide.
In bringing this charming crowd hither,
Must have opened unusually wide.
You have come, my dear friends, to a city
Where on earth no such climate is found.
For here's where the strawoerry blossoms
And beareth fruit ail the year round.
What you see In this beautiful mansion
Beats everything seen up to date.
There is Joy for those who come early
But much more for those who stay "late.
As the best of the wine cometh latest,
Should you wish for the best of the fun
You will linger till you hear the echo
Of the Presidio's morning gun.
And now, my dear friends here assembled
Who have gathered from near and afar,
When we get down below where the wine Is
We will drink to the Fourth Mardi Gras.
There were two orchestras of the Hunga
rian type. One was known as Rosner's
and the other as Auber's. The former was
stationed in the ebony room and the other
in the balcony over the reception-room.
They alternated in discoursing music to
which a thousand tripping feet responded.
Sir Henry Heyman was the musical direc
tor.
His Royal Highness Prince Luigi of
Savoy, the* Duke of Abruzzi and lieuten
ant in his uncle's navy, danced with a
strawberry blonde. He wore an imported
smile and she a mask. Both seemed to
enjoy the mazy waltz as well as the long
draughts of lemonade that followed. Cap
tain Bertolini accompanied the descend
ant of the royal house of Italy to the af
fair and shared with the young and hand
some lieutenant of the Chnstoforo Co
lombo in all its enjoyments. Tne Italian
nobility seemed to be heart and hand with
the common folk of the Mardi Gras and
there was no complaint from either source.
The Duke of Abruzzi and the Duke of
' San Francisco, sometimes known as Major
Rathbone, hobnobbed together, and were
the objects of some curiosity. The Duke
: of Abruzzi wore the regulation uniform of
! an Italian naval officer, and the Duke of
! San Francisco was resplendent in a card
inal cutaway with knickerbockers and sil
ver buikles on his shoes. *
The supper was lit for the Rods. It was
served at small tables in the dining-room.
Of course no one overlooked this feature of
the, programme, not even the aitists them
selves. The menu was as follows:
Oysters a la Poulette.
Oysters Fancy Roast, on Toast.
Terrapin a la Maryland.
Shrimp Salad. Chicken Salad.
Roast Turkey.
Ham.
♦ • Tongue with Gelee.
Pate de Pole eras et Gelee.
Bread and Butter Sandwiches.
DKSSKKT.
Plumbiere and Nougat Icecream.
Assorted Cakes. Soiree Cakes.
Cameliu Cream Cake.
Pistache Cream Cuke.
Candies. Cafe.
Of course there was wine. It was sold in
quarts and pints. Otherwise there was no.
demand and no supply.
The scene in the large dining-hall, ani
mated with handsome men and women,
was one that would inspire the artist, par
ticularly if he were hungry.
But little originality prevailed in the
costuming. Handsome evening gowns
and tiny satin or lace masks were the
rule and character costumes the excep
tion.
Without doubt one of the most stunning
women present was Mrs. Joseph Tobin.
She wore a pink directoire costume and
carried an immense bunch of long
stemmed St. Joseph lilies. The only dis
crepancy in the costume was the hat, a
white Leghorn picture hat, with American
beauty roses. Mrs. Tobin wore no mask.
Mrs. Osgood Hooker wore an elegant
evening gown of delicate pink satin.
The corsage was cut extremely low and
fastened at the shoulders with jeweled
bands. In her hair she wore a diamond
aigrette. Her mask was of white lace and
barely reached to the tip of her dainty
nose. . - xi
Mrs. Alfred Bouvier's gown was of a
dainty black and white striped silk. The
jupe was made perfectly plain and the cor
sage cut V-shaped, back and front. She
wore a small black satin mask.
The Misses Lena and Sallie Maynard
carried off the palm for the best sustained
characters. Both young ladies were dis
guised as "Trilby" in a picturesque cos
tume. They wore :' full masks and suc
ceeded in completely mystifying their
most intimate friends.
Mrs. W. H. Taylor wore a pink domino
that concealed an elegant looking gown of
pink satin brocade. Her mask was of pink
satin. •'!-, ',:•■'• - ---.-,
Mrs. Jennie Blair and Mrs. Thomai
Magec both wore pink dominoes.
Miss Hyde wore a picturesque Alpine
costume. The short skirt was of black
sateen and trimmed with bands of vivid
scarlet. The peasant corsage was of black
and red and the tall Alpine hat of shiny
black satin trimmed " with numerous
bands of narrow scarlet . ribbon finished
with tiny rosettes.
Mrs. David Bixler wore a handsome
black satin gown trimmed with exquisite
Chantilly. Her ornaments were diamonds.
Miss Gertie Foreman made a fetching
white domino and wore a small white
satin mask.
Mrs. Colin; M. Boyd was attired in an
elegant gown of pale-blue brocade trimmed
with a flounce and bertha of rare old
point. Her ornaments were diamonds and
her mask, a tiny one, of white lace.
Mrs. A. L. Dodge wore a very handsome
gown of black brocade trimmed with some
exquisite old lace. -'•!;;' -t-^ J- S
Miss Froelich and Miss Davidson were
both attired in black velvet court costumes
and wore white Louis XIV wigs.
Miss Isabelle McKenna found it difficult
to conceal her identity under the stiff folds
of a white domino.
Mme. Ziska wore, with charming grace,
the Spanish costume. The gown was of
black satin, trimmed with innumerable
little flowers of black Chantilly. A lace
mantilla was caught round the face and
coquettishly fastened with a red rose.
Mrs. Henry Crocker wore an evening
gown of light blue silk, embroidered with
tiny rosebuds — Dresden pattern. Dia
monds were fastened in the coils of her
satiny black hair. They clasped the slen
der throat and glistened in the soft folds of
her gown. V V
Mrs. Volney Spalding's gown was of
white satin. Her ornaments were dia
monds.
Mrs. Irving Scott was attired in a mag
nificent gown of shimmering gray satin,
the corsage of which was trimmed witn a
magnificent bertha of point applique.
Airs. 'Wright made a picturesque and
fetching shepherdess in a black and red
satin costume; '*-
Mrs. Gaston Ashe looked extremely
handsome in a dotted muslin gown and
white picture hat.
Mr. Greenway was one of the few men
who appeared in costume. He repre
sented in a picturesque manner a Spanish
bull-fighter, and his costume, from the
tassels that dangled from his wide som
brero to the shining buckles on his low
cut shoes, was historically correct.
Major Rathbone wore his pink hunting
coat. James Phelan was a gentleman of
the court, and wore black satin knee
breeches and a powdered wig.
Mrs. Pond and her sister, Miss McNeil,
wore very elegant evening gowns. Mrs.
Pond's costume was of pink satin and Miss
McNeil's grown was of white. Both ladies
wore some very fine diamonds.
Miss Tautphaus made a graceful tam
bourine-girl in a white and pink satin
costume. yy
Miss Lizzie Carroll wore the hand
somest of the many dominos in evidence.
Her costume was of rich pink satin and
edged with tiny Mowers of Valenciennes.
Mrs. Barendt wore a white satin Turkish
costume trimmed with silver.
Miss Edith Findley lent a dash of color
to her white domino by pinning American
beauties to her belt.
Miss Laura Bates wore a fetching blue
domino and Miss Emma Butler a pink
domino. '■■..•'
Mr*. Henry Tatumand Mrs. J. Cunning
ham also woie blue and pink dominoes.
Mrs. E. P. Bradley wore a very elegant
brocaded velvet eighteenth century cos
tume.
Mrs. Albert Gerberding hid the rich
folds of her evening gown under a pink
satin domino.
Mrs. McLean wore a very elegant gown
of pink and blue brocade. Her ornaments
were diamonds.
Mrs. Louis Monteagle was attired in a
handsome pink satin gown and wore some
very elegant diamonds.
Fred Webster was hardly recognized by
his many friends in his handsome black
velvet court costume.
Mme. Maisor wore a handsome white
satin gown, trimmed with point lace. ■
Previous to the ball James Phelan gave
an elaborate dinner in the Red Room of
the Bohemian Club complimentary to Mrs.
Osgood Hooker.
i hose present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Osgood Hooker, Miss Mamie McNutt,
Thomas McGrew. .Mr. and Mrs. Taylor of
Oakland. Miss Hobart, Walter Hobart,
Major. Rathbone, J. D. Grant, Jerome
Hart, Miss Emilie Hager, Miss Alice
Hager, Miss McKenna, Baron and Baron
ess yon Schroeder, Miss Genevieve Goad,
Miss Aileen Goad, W. Frank Goad, E. M.
Green way, Miss Mary Bell Gwin, Miss
Daisy Van Ness and Miss Ada Sullivan.
After the dinner Mr. Phelan and his
guests formed cart of the merry throng at
the ball.
"CARMEN" MATINEE.
Performance at the Baldwin This After
noon by the Tavary Company.
The Tavary Grand Opera Company will
give a "Carmen" matinee at the Baldwin
this afternoon. The prices lor this per
formance are $1, 75 cents, 50 cents. To
night the double bill of "Lucia" and
"Cavaileria Rusticana" will be given, with
the cast of "Lucia" as follows :
Lucia ..Mme. Marie Tavary
Alice Mme. Sofia Roman!
Edgar The Chevalier, Albert D. Ouille
Henry. ;..:.. Max Eugene
Ride-the-Bent Signor Abramoff
Arthur.... Eugene Avery
Norman Harry Keady
Manager Pratt has received many re
quests for an extra performance of "Pat;
hacci." and this opera will be given on
Saturday night with M. Guille in his
grand impersonation of Canio, which is
one of his most intense and realistic in
terpretations. Guille will also be heard in
"Lucia" and "Faust" during the week,
and will make his farewell appearance
Saturday. x
NEW TO-DAY.
8 How Do
$rp> These
**£> Prices
e to°Lers. Ull 1. 0 U i
Trusses $1 50
Elastic Stockings 2 50
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries 5 00
Electric Belts.. 4 00
Don't buy an Electric Belt until you have
seen ours.
Ear Horns '.'. 2 50
Obesity 8e1t5.... 2 25
Scott's English Catarrh Cure, 6 months'
treatment, price..... '.. 3 50
yyy V, y Call for free trial.
Crutches, per pair 2 50
. Eye Glasses and Spectacles at one-half optician
prices. Glasses fitted by a Scientific Optician.
We have a large stock of Shoulder Braces, Rub-
ber Cushions, Air Pillows, • Uterine Supporters,
Rubber Urinals, Elastic Stockings, Leggings,
Anklets, Knee Caps, etc., at Cut Rates.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
. OSS 3VCA.x-ls.ot Street,
cyyi - South side. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
-^— — — ~" —— T
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 915, 11:00
a.m.; 1:45,3:45,5:15. 6:80 T.U.
Ban Quentln— 7 :3o, 9:15 a. m. : I:4ft, 6:15 p. m.
Extra trips for San Ratxel on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ..=;
SUNDAYS.
F<jrMlll Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin—
. 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:30,3:00,4:30, "6:19
P.M. "Does not run to San Quentln. ■".
' - THROUGH -TRAINS.:
T:3O A. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations,' .
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.' .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana, way statloojt
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ,
NEW SPRING GOODS
AND GRAND WIND-UP OF OUR
GREATMIDWINTERCLEARANCE.
As an extra inducement to an immediate inspection of the First Ship-
ments of New Spring Styles and Novelties in Dress Fabrics on exhibition
this week, as well as to make room for the vast importations yet in transit,
we are holding a GRAND FINAL CLEARING OUT of all Winter Goods of
every description, which we have marked down to figures corresponding:
with the following SACRIFICE PRICES
TO FORCE THEM OUT THIS WEEK WITHOUT FAIL!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
.A-t 25 Cents.
87 pieces 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, newest spring shades, good value
for 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
-A.t SO Cents.
57 pieces 50-INCH PINHEAD CHECK SUITING, in grays, tans and brown effects,
will be closed out at 50c a yard. '■-'■-'■.
XI BLACK DRESS GOODS.
-A.t 50 Cents.
2 cases 39-INCH SUPERIOR LUSTER ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIRS, reduced
from 75c to 50c a yard.
-At 7S Cents.
2 cases 54-INCH ALL PURE-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced from $1 25
to 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
-A-t 75 Cents.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED. DUCHESSE SATIN, neat designs, extra good value for
$1, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
EMBROIDERIES!! EMBROIDERIES!
-A-t 5 Cents ex ~~¥exrr<A\.
100,000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value 10c.
-At IO Cents ex ~~Vex~r<3..
100,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 20c.
-A-t XO Cents ex ~¥~exrr<3L.
50,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 25c. .
At SO Cents ex Yard.
50,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 40c.
GLOVES! GLOVES I
-A.t 45 Cexxts.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate shades, regu-
lar value $1, will be closed out at 45c a pair.
NOTE.— We are clearing out the balance of our GIGANTIC PURCHASE of
CLOAKS AND SUITS at PRODIGIOUS REDUCTIONS preparatory to the arrival of
our New Spring Stock.
/ 187fp**^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ MU Strain, comer ol Jones, /
MISCELLANEOUS.
FURNITURE
FOR
4 ROOMS
$80.
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, B-Pelce Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom— Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand. two chairs, rocker aud table: pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dining-Koum- tf-Fooc Extension Tabic, four
Solid Oak Chairs. tgUJjHj
Kitchen— Kange, Patent Kitchen Table and two
Chairs. .": ■
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
s¥s" Free packing and very across the bay.
■""" ml " l ™—imi
; railroad TRAVEL:
SAX FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33 -
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it: 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55. 9:30, 11:10 a. if •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— trips
at 1 :55 p. M. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDA\S-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. *.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m. ' -. ™*
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. ;- <vy ?.
Leave j Tn „-„.. Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 28." San Franci » COt
Wekk I Sun- Donation SITN " I Wkkk"
Days, | days. | destination. DAYa | DaY3>
7:4oam 8 :00 am ! Novato, 10:40 am| 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm, 10:30 am
6:10 fm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
! Fulton,
Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Gevservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
__
Pieta;
Hopland «fe
7:40 am 8:00 AM Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 FM
7:40 aVj~~ 10:30 am
8:00 am: GuerneviUe. 7:30 fm
3:30 pm| I fj | 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am; Sonoma 110:40 am 8:50 am
6:lopm 5:00 pm! and { 6:05 pm! 6:15 fm
_^ j Glen Ellen. | |
7:40 am 8:00 ami Sph -., 0D0l 110:40 am 110:30 am
3:30 pm 1 5:00 fm I Sebastopol. j 6:05 | 6:16
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Fsal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. 'iiiish f 1 " »' Vf ""n »"if *mi» ll "iiiM«wii)_fii>j t f
; On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. WHITING. B. RYAN,
i Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
ft -3
mmmm^ m ' m ' m * mmmm mTGri$ J ji
- MARKET S.T.SjSISi^
— - J -a
RAILROAD THATEi: '-Jj^.
SOUTH KB* I'tiUK COHPA2VY.
fc (PACIFIC NVSTf.M.I >^)
Train* leave »n<l nr* fine to nrrlve at
MAN ITtANt'IKVO.
LEAVE — Fr.OM NOVEiTDEr. 20, lS'.'J. — ARnin
6:30 a HaywardsTNilcr, Way Stations... lOxISa
T:»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Must.. ' B:4!iF
7:OOa Benicia, VccaTille. Rurr.sty. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:13f
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Kofi 6:13f
8:80 a Nik;:, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTille. Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oio-iile 4: 1 ftp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton "7:15f
1»:OOa San I,eandro, Hayvrards & Way St'ns 11:43 a
0:OOa Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Ycscmltc), Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles 4:43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 0:43 a
1 0:01} a San Leandro, Haywards and Kilfs . 1:43p
I 2:00 m San Leandro, Haywards A Way St'ns 2:45*
Mil Niles, San Joso and Livermore «:45»,
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *W:OOr
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:I3F
3:00p San Leandro, Haytrardst WaySt'ns 5:-13f
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards & WaySt'ns G:43p
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon. Vailejo. .
Napa, Cglistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa »i la a
4iO«* Benicia, Esparto. Woodland,
.y x Knights Landing, MarysTille,
Oroville and Sacramento 10:434
4:80p Niles, ' San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:l3*>
5:OOp San Le»ndrc, Haywards & Way St'ns 8:13»
8:30p New Orleans Exprecs.lresno.Bakere-
tield, Santa Barbara.Los Angeles,
Demtug, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 16:43*
Bi3op Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave ami East 10:43 a.
European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 0:43 a
6:OOp Haywards, Niks and SanJosc 7:4,1 a
J7:OOpValIojo t7:43p
7:00 Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
vilie, Redding, Portland, Pnget
Sound and ICast 0:43 a.
7:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 1 0:39p
9:OOp San Hay wards& Way St ns 1 1 12:0#a
«519»93f "Sunset limited," Fresno, Los ';.
Angeles. El Paso, New Orle&os
and East 9nrl43p
tflllls^Bar. Haywards k Way St'ns ?:13a
SASTA CEPg DIVISION (Narrow flange).
8sl»A Newark, Ceiiterville.Kan. lone, Felton,
BouldcrCreek.SantaCruzand Way
Stations SiSOs,
*S:1Bf Newark, Centerville. SanJosc. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Cr^k,
Santa Cniz and Principal Way
Stations *ll:30a
4tl3p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos. . . . 0:3Oa
j t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations r t7:8»i»
COAST lUVISION (Third A Tonrnseiul Sts.)
6:43 a Sau Jose and Way Slut:, (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:l3jp
■>13a San Jose, Ties Pinos, Santa Cniz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rohlcr. San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03f
10:40 a San Jose and Way Stations 3:0 Op
11:4.1 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30 l
*2:3orSan Jose, Gilrny, Tres Finos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grovo '10:40 a
•3::iOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
: .»4:30p Kan Jose and Way Stations *S:OG*
3:3oi> San JosAaud Way Stations *S:18a
6:30i- San Josoaud Way Stations 0:3.1*
♦ll:4.1p San and Way Stations t7:4.1i/
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmSlH WAHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— V"
*7:1» • 9.00 11:00 a.m. J1:00 *2:OQ 13:01
•4:00 *5:00 »6:Cop.m.
From O&IUBD— Foot of Broadv/aj. — TOO 800
10:00 a.m. 1 12:00 *1:00 J2:00 -3:00 ti:00
•3:OQI'.M.
.„ A for Morning. P for Afternoon .
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
..,. * : Sundays only,
tt Monday. Thursuay and Saturday nights only.
TTnwdaya and Saturdays (Sundays and ThursdAK
Atlantic '^^^^>
Pacific »^^^
RAILROAD E&^-^i^'&igffi
Trains leave from and mrrlva SS.'^^rp»%M-^^^
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying P', : "™li
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars :«.
Denver and St. Louis. .._ ,—'x.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars.
under Harvey s management. « oiMiectin,' train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. M. daily.
■ The best railway from California to the Last.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining*
**"* Ticket Oflice-644 MarketStrect,
llckot OfHce-ti4 4 Market Street,
Chroniolo BalUifljrA.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Telly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0. IS
Daily and Sunday Caul, one year, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cam, a\XX months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam,, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly am, one year, by mall .; 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery meet, corner Clay; open until
».30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 JNiniti street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooks 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY . FEBRUARY 19 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
■'
Carnival days arc with us. ■ .
— ►
New Orleans is having the time that we
should have.
"1 do not know," says Mr. Huntington.
"I really cannot remember."
Rejoice in your pleasure while you have
it, for when it is Lent you can't.
Now that Congress has got down to busi
ness let us hope it will live up to it.
The only fault with the art carnival was
that it was not big enough to take in the
whole City.
It begins to look as if the Co'lis Pelican
in seeking for suckers had caught an Ala
bama alligator.
Brice and Frye object, but Morgan per
sists in turning on the cathode ray where
it will do the most good.
"I don't mind being caught," says Mr.
Huntington, "but what grinds me is that
I set this trap for California."
The trouble with the Custom-house is
that too many of its customs are scandal
ous and pay no attention to duties.
If El Paso would post herself on carni
val ideas she would find there is more fun
in a frolic than there is in a prize-fight.
The Huntington lobby no longer talks
of rushing thines. It is now fighting for
delay and calling for "night or Blucher."
At Dallas, at Hot Springs and at El
Paso pugilism has had its three strikes
without hitting anything and it is now out.
In all reform movements in this town it
is cheaper to fight than to back out, for no
one can take water without paying a high
price.
The members of the Junta call Rainey
"a white elephant," hut that raises two
questions: Is be an elephant? and, Is he
white?
As a result of being kept in the dark
<Jxmt tho races the fake poolrooms find
that their play is light, but still they are
not consoled.
As there is to be no change in the water
rates for the people there will, of course,
continue to be a great deal of change in
them for the company.
It seems that not only does Huntington
know nothing about the management of
the Central Pacific, but he has not even
a wicked partner who does.
In the French crisis the Cabinet con
tinues to hold a safe place in the middle of
the teeter board, but there seems to be some
danger of upsetting the President.
We have a better City, a better climate
and a population better fitted than that of
New Orleans for carnival splendors, and
we ought to get in some day and eclipse
her.
There was once a Democratic party that
dissolved into a Mugwump party, which
in turn became a Cuckoo party, but now
there doesn't seem to be any party there
at all.
Kentucky has a chance to do herself
proud in the performance of the double
duty of repealing the Southern Pacific
franchise and electing an anti-funding bill
Senator.
The trouble with Democratic harmony
in this City is that there is too many a fel
low in the orchestra who wishes all the
rest to be silent while he shows his Pade
rewski touch.
Now that both the Senate and the House
have arranged for an investigation of the
bond deals there is likely to be music in
the air all the way from the'Wbite House
to Wall street.
Congressman Talbert was wrong in say
ing the appointment of Morton as Secre
tary of Agriculture was the worst act of
Cleveland's life, for it was not half as bad
as keeping him there.
The prospects of defeating the funding
bill are now so good that the festivals this
year may be accounted as celebrations of
the establishment of the commercial inde
pendence of the State.
Senator Morgan may not have known
much about the true inwardness of the
Southern Pacific Company when he began
to cross-examine Huntington, but little by
little he is getting at it.
At the request of Balfour Parliament
decided not to debate the Venezuelan
question and the request was right enough,
for Uncle Sam can do all the talking that
Is needed on that subject.
As a challenge in the House that some
friend of Secretary Morton should rise to
defend him found do response, it is evi
dent there are fewer fools in Congress than
has been generally supposed.
It is one of the humors of the funding
bill investigation before the Senate Com
mittee that while Huntington could tell
nothing of what is in the books of the
Southern Pacific Company, he was able to
quote quite fluently from the Bible.
If it takes the military forces of the
United States and Mexico to keep two
prize-fighters from fighting when there is
no certainty that they wish to fight,' how
many Arizona constables would it take to
run them in for disturbing the peace by
talking too much?
THE BITUMEN VETO.
For the second time Mayor" Sutro has
been "compelled to veto an ordinance of
the Hoard of Supervisors referring to the
kind of bituminous rock that shall be used
in paving the streets and the manner in
which it shall : be laid, and in. both in
stances his action was made necessary by
the evident intention of 'both ordinances
to forward one set of private interests at
the expense of the other.
The veto handed down Monday evening
presented, two objections. One was the
requirement that the rock should not be
treated in open kettles. This would clearly
shut out the competition of those con
tractors who have invested heavily in such
appliances. The other was the provision
that the rock should be laid down on the
street in its natural condition. This would
not only shut out the open-kettle con
tractors, who have stationary plants, but'
would throw the monopoly of supply into
the hands of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and debar the numerous mines
owned by other parties who might be glad
to compete.
These features were sufficient to. make
the ordinance vicious, in the absence of
evidence that open-kettle treatment im
pairs the quality of the material. This is
a matter determinable only by very care
ful and scientific study, and there is no
reason for believing that the majority of
the Board of Supervisors is capable of
giving the subject that sort of attention.
Mayor Sutro suggests that the ordinance
be further amended to provide for a cer
tain proportion of a sharp beach sand in
the rock. That is an excellent idea, but
seemingly it might be carried further and
be made to include a wider range of tests.
Bituminous rock is a natural admixture of
bitumen and beach sand, and it would be
remarkable if this accidental combination
should have a constancy of proportions
throughout the State. . A certain propor
tion of sand, neither too much nor too
little, is absolutely necessary, but the
proportion of it that should appear cannot
be determined on a quantitative basis alone.
The bitumen itself is of various kinds,
some containing a larger proportion of oil
and volatile elements than others. Ordi
narily that which is the most plastic needs
the most sand, but as an excess of oil and
volatile elements impairs the cohesive
quality of the bitumen the addition of
sand would only aggravate the brittleness,
J even though it increased the hardness of
the pavement.
Hence the quality of the bitumen as well
as the quantity of sand should be taken
into account, and the ordinance should be
framed to cany both tests. In the treat
ment of certain rocks open kettles are
better than closed, and in others the
reverse is true. .All these matters deserve
intelligent attention. But the greatest
need of all is that the majority of the
Board of Supervisors abandon its attempts
to tame an ordinance having for its main
object the creation of private monopolies.
THE MINERAL LAND BILL.
The passage by the House without, a dis
senting voice of the Johnson bill for the
examination and classification of mineral
lands may be safely regarded as assuring
its passage by the Senate. If not a single
vote was cast against it in the House it is
a fair presumption that the justice and ex
pediency of the measure are so well under
stood in Congress there is little chance of
any opposition being strong enough to de
feat it. It would seem, therefore, that this
much-desired work is to be accomplished
at last, and that one of the most important
undertakings of the Mining Association is
to be crowned with success.
It is reported that Secretary Smith has
two amend which he will endeavor
to have the Senate make in the bill. One
of these is to increase the appropriation
proposed for the commission from $20,000
to $40,000. The other is to exempt, from the
operation of the act all lands already ad
vertised. The first amendment ought to be
accepted. Where the work to be done is
so important and so valuable it would be
poor economy to have it stopped because
of a lack of sufficient money to carry it on.
The second amendment is more doubtful,
and it certainly should not be accepted
unless it should be found that a rejection
would entail an opposition likely to en
danger the passage of the bill itself.
It is worth while noting that the success
which has thU3 far attended the measure
has been due very largely, if not wholly,
to the fact that the entire California dele
gation worked for it. For once our repre
sentatives were not divided, indifferent or
mutually antagonistic. Each gave what
aid he could to the measure and all, by
presenting an example of complete accord
on the subject, exerted an influence that
had its effect in inducing Eastern Con
gressmen to listen favorably to arguments
in support of the bill. We have in this
case, therefore, an illustration of what
Californians. can achieve for the good of
the commonwealth if they work in har
mony, and the lesson involved is one that
should be learned and applied with profit.
It will not be long before an occasion
will arise to make the application and
renew the harmonious work. The classifi
cation of mineral lands is but one of the
steps necessary to the full revival of our
mining industry. The next step will be to
obtain an appropriation for constructing
impounding dams that will protect the
farms and rivers and allow the resumption
of hydraulic mining. This second step
should follow the first closely and should
be carried through at this session of Con-
gress. Our representatives have seen what
united work can do in the one case and
they should now apply it in the other.
HOW TO ADVANCE.
If more of the newspapers of California
would give as Clear and definite reasons as
the Gridley Herald, showing the advantages
which settlers and investors would enjoy,
it would be better for the State. Thus, it
says that good building lots may be se
cured there for $100 to $125 each, the lots
being 80x110 feet, with a long time given for
making payments in easy installments.
"We will say," our contemporary adds,
"that the lot costs $100. A six-room dwell
ing can be erected for $300, the whole cost
not to exceed $400. This will readily rent
for $7 per month for at least ten months in
the year, or at a yearly rental of $70.
Figuring the taxes at $1 60 per $100 valua
tion, we have an expense there of $6 40,
which added to insurance of not to exceed
$5, makes a total of $11 40, which deducted
from the $70 rental, leaves a net return of
$58 CO, or 14.65 per cent on the money in
vested. It is certain that the ratio of in
crease in the valuation of the property will
more than balance the amount expended
for necessary repairs. These are no fancy
figures, but are based upon actual demon
stration. .To get the benefits this year,
building should commence at once. The
houses are needed, and the returns are
certain." \ v
The Lodi Sentinel prints an argument on
similar lines and reads its people a severe
lecture. "It is a fact," it says, "that farm
ers and fruit-growers trust too much to
their individual efforts for success. They
are willing, in most instances, to forego
assured profits for the sake of independent
action. .In the business world this feeling
is not prominent. There is a readiness to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1596.
join in movements which will benefit all,
directly or indirectly, which unfortu
nately is too often lacking in the country.
Capitalists stand ready to invest their
means in' factories in favored neighbor
hoods all over the State, waiting only for
some assurance that the people upon
whom they must depend for supplies will
act with them in developing a paying en
terprise.. In some places such assurances
have been given and the results are evi
dent .in the shape of canneries,
fruit-drying houses and sugar factories.
Where such factories exist prosperity is
found. Every individual reaps, or may
reap, a benefit. The population is in
creased, the home market for all products
grows and better prices for everything,
labor first of all, are secured. Lodi can
have a sugar factbry and a cannery. No
one man can bring them, but the united
efforts of a tenth of t.he people vitally in
terested will surely locate them here. The
benefits to be derived do • not need setting
forth. Every man who can think knows
that they are tangible and certain. Let
the farmers and fruit-growers come to
gether and get them."
A HAKD EXPERIENCE.
The most uncomfortable position in
which Mr. Huntington ever found him
self was that in which Senator Morgan of
Alabama has placed him. That Mr.
Huntington keenly felt his disgrace
and humiliation all the correspondents
agree. Never before had be been placed
on the rack under circumstances which
permitted so much freedom of inquiry.
Although a few days ago, when the Ala
bama Senator made his first essay in the
examination, it. was evident that he was
not sufficiently informed, he was primed to
the tips of his fingers Monday, and he
went at the central figure of the funding
proposition hammer and tongs. Through
out all bis questioning there was evidently
a veiled feeling of contempt and scorn and
a determination to place the great man in
the light of a criminal who is giving false
testimony to save himself.
It was a dramatic and pitiful scene.
Mr. Huntington, in order to avoid telling
the truth, was forced to admit virtually
that he knew far less of the affairs of the
Southern Pacific than Senator Morgan
himself, who had given but a few days to
study of the subject. Mr. Huntington,
when it was impossible to pretend forget
fulness, boldly resorted to the only alter
native left him. The other members of
the committee, taking pity on their tor
tured friend, tried repeatedly to shut off
the Alabaman, but with a sharp retort
that always silenced them he returned to
the attach.
Mr. Huntington told a number of tales
familiar to Californtans. He had never
seen the books of the Contract and Fi
nance Company and could give no ex
planation of their disappearance; after
much evasion and hesitation he admitted
having been a member of that company.
He did give some new ami valuable in
formation. It was to the effect that the
small roads absorbed by the Southern Pa
cilic after the receipt of the Kentucky
charter were held merely through posses
sion of their stock; that no record ofthe
transfers had been made and that the
Southern Pacific is not responsible for the
debts of those lines. This will be cheerful
reading for the original owners of the
roads.
Mr. Morgan has not finished with the
great man, but will take him in hand
again next week. Meanwhile Mr. Hunt
ington will be -tortured to-morrow by a
man equally as sharp and persistent as
Morgan and a great deal-better informed
on this subject— Congressman Maguire of
California before the House Committee
on Pacific Roads. Mr. Maguire's misfor
tune is that he is not a member of the
committee and will doubtless find his lati
tude narrowly confined.
The whole situation is remarkable and
instructive, for it has now assumed that
odd and unaccustomed phase in which
Mr. Huntington is on trial for veracity
and honesty as well as a Government
debtor. As Mr. Morgan properly con
tended, it is the right and duty of Con
gress to ascertain if crookedness has ani
mated the policy of the roads.
CAREFUL GRAPE-PICKING.
It has been supposed that ait winemak- I
ers realized the importance of care in the
picking of grapes, and that the manner in
which this is done goes far to determine
the character of the wine. Attention is
called to this matter by an interesting re
port from Healdsburg.- B. W. Paxton,
who has been accompanying Mr. Lach
man of the Wine Association in a tour of
the Cloverdale and Healdsburg districts,
tells The Call that much of the wine,
though all was sound and of fair quality,
carried an excess of acid, and that the rea
son for it was the picking of the grapes be
fore the berries had fully matured. The
presumption is that the makers will re
ceive a smaller price than if the needed
care had been taken.
As a rule, those winemakers who do not
produce their own crop of grapes entirely
have very expert buyers. to receive the
fruit brought in by neighboring growers.
These buyers can determine at once under
what circumstances and conditions the
grapes have been picked, and they make
payment accordingly. The growers who
are most careful and intelligent receive
the best prices. That picking is an art of
itself may be inferred from the following
narration: {V t . ■ ,': "". ' >i4y';--
A few years ago one of the largest wine
makers in the State examined a neighbor
ing vineyard which was ready for picking,
made careful tests .of the leading ingredi
ents of the grapes and offered a price based
on his tests. This was accepted and in a
day or two afterward the crop was picked
and delivered by the grower. The wine
grower on receipt of the fruit made a sec
ond test before accepting it finally and dis
covered that the proportion of saccharine
which he had originally discovered had
shrunk surprisingly. As this was a vital
matter be declined to pay the price he had
offered and tendered a lower. The grower
declined it- The grapes were fed to hogs
and a suit was brought for the recovery of
the amount first offered. ,
The maker proved in court that in the
interval between his two analyses a heavy
fog had fallen, that its moisture had been
absorbed by the grapes, and had, therefore,
diluted their juices and reduced their per
centage of saccharine, and hence . their
value, and that the grower had picked the
crop before tbe grapes had had time ; to
resume their normal condition under the
sun's heat. On that showing he easily
won the case. The whole affair was a
revelation to the grower, but he learned a
lesson that he will never forget. yyy - ■
Much of the great reputation ■of Euro
pean wines depends on the care taken in
such details as that. The lessons to be
learned are all very simple, but they must
be mastered before the best results can be
secured. Happily, they are familiar to the
older growers, but that does not lessen the
obligation resting on winemakers to give
them all needed advice.
All the voices of Great Britain are now
for arbitration and there is not left a sin
gle man to say anything about the flying
squadron. --'■;' -jy '"\ .
PHOTOGRAPHED HIS OWN BRAIN.
The human brain has been photographed. In
the rivalry of scientists excited by Roentgen's
application of the cathode X rays to photo
graphy, Dr. Carleton Simon of New York steps
forward and exhibits a picture Of his own
brain, obtained from a process in which the
cathode ray is not a factor. The doctor ex
plained to the Herald how the thing was done
and also furnished that paper witn the nega
tive from which the photograph was developed.
Dr. Simon said that he used an ordinary
camera, with platinum plates, subjected
neither to heat nor to any especial chemical,
treatment. The time of exposure was limited
to two minutes in the case of photographs re
produced in the Herald. Ordinarily, the doc
tor said, the time of exposure would be regu
lated by the depth of material through which
the light must pass. . v '
For the present Dr. Simon will not make
known the details of his apparatus. "I do not
like," he said, "to withhold it from the public,
DR. CARLETON SIMON'S PHOTOGRAPH OF HIS OWN BRAIN.
[Reproduced from the New York Herald.']
but I desire to more fully perfect it before mak
ing the details known. I produce the effect by
attraction of the light and propulsion through
the brain substance. '. At the time of photo
graphing the whole internal chamber of the
brain is lighted up.'
In conclusion the doctor said: "I am at the
commencement. My discovery is not conse
quent on the application of the cathode ray to
photography. My idea preceded it, but of
course, I have lately been inspired to push my
experiments."
For two days and a half the doctor worked
uninterruptedly, save a couple of. hours for
sleep, vvnen his tirea brain dreamed of its own
likeness. The work had not been without at
tendant dangers. Many small animals were
sacrificed in the cause of science. Even the
final and successful effort was made with no
assurance that the camera might not hold the
picture of a dead man. Though in a meas
ure satisfied that the process was one by
which the brain could be photographed with
out risk of life.it maybe stated that the ex
perimenter selected himself as his subject
that no other life might be endangered.
George Francis Train had consented to sit,
but the doctor finally decided not to permit
him to do so. As a matter, of fact the success
of the experiments was no less in that the
operation was without sensation than in the
reproduction of the brain picture... ... '
So far as the use of the apparatus was con
cerned the- doctor consented to say that the
light was thrown from one ■ side of the head
against it, as In a magic lantern, while the at
tractive force was at the other.
He had arranged mirrors so that he might
observe the effects, and was thus enabled to
view his own brain. It was lighted up so that
he saw the interior and even . tne pulsations.
His sensations, so far as he had any, were at
the strangeness of the phenomena and emo
tions of success rather than any physical effect
produced by the forces he manipulated and
which were controlled by electric buttons, the
camera being exposed at the instant that the
light was directed at the head.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Joe Gavin, one of the leading citizens of
Cripple Creek, Colo., who is known from one side
of the continent to the other as a "dead game
sport," is at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. Gavin owns the finest saloon and the big
gest faro game in Cripple Creek. He was for
merly at Leadville and be lore that at Virginia
City, Nev. At different times he has contributed
his share to building up the leading mining
camps of California, Montana, Idaho, Utah,
Nevada, Arizona and Colorado, so he knows a
good prospect when he sees it.
"I suppose there is not another mining dis
trict on earth that has so much cold in sight
and easily available as Cripple Creek," said
Mr. Gavin last evening. "The entire country
in that vicinity seems to have it— placer and
quartz. _.;^.». : -
"The work of development is going on con
j stantly, and where proper knowledge and
I facilities are applied there seem to be very few
disappointments and no failures. All the busi
ness men of Cripple Creek are making money,
but most of them are getting excited over the
mines and it is hard for them to keep at their
own business where the chances for making
fortunes in the mines appear so alluring.
"The distance from Colorado Springs to
Cripple Creek is only about forty miles, but it
takes four hours to make the run, for it is all
tho way uphill. You remember that Sutro
used to talk about Bill Sharon's 'kwoofced
wailwoad' from Reno to Virginia City;, well,
that road is straight as compared with the
line from Colorado Springs to Cripple Creek.
But we are used to it and don't fret on that
account. The people there live well— as well
as any place on earth, and the place is growing
right along. Just now houses are rather
scarce, but they are building night and day,
and will be able to" accommodate the hundred
and odd thousand of people who'are expected
within the next six months."
I . .Mr. Gavin was asked in regard to the special
train which tb-a telegrams said he and Bat
j Masterson were about to ; run i from Cripple
! Creek to El Paso for the purpose of witnessing
! Stuart's big fistic carnival. .
"Well, you see, it was like this," replied Mr.
Gavini j "the railroad folks wanted us to take
charge of the excursion, because we know all
the boys, and I said I'd stand in if they would
give us a vestibule train, with a big car in the
middle, from which we could remove the seats
and put in a bar, a wheel and a faro game. The
railroad people were willing enough, and it
would have been a go if those Congressmen in
Washington hadn't passed that law against
Fitzsimmons and his crowd. After that, with
those Government Marshals and the- Texas
Rangers prowling around, I saw it was no use;
so I declared myself out of the scheme and
came on to San Francisco. They wanted me to
hang on, but I said, "No, thank you; Uncle
Sam deals a game. that 1 don't care to buck
against." y.~ :y y';'- 'v"Vyyv
General Superintendent Fillmore of the
Southern Pacific Company is what is known as a
three-ply diplomat. Aside from being ex
ceedingly clever in bringing things around to
a conclusion that best suits himself, ho is one
of the most approachable men in the yellow
building at the corner of Montgomery and
Market streets. |J|il|i|llHl WffiBWBMSKl*yJSl^
Following Is a sample of Mr. Fillmore's capac
ity to say the wrong thing at the right time.
Applicant for pass (in light, breezy way)— Mr.
Fillmore, I am very anxious to take a trip with
my wife and three children to Salt Lake. Ah.
ah, how about passes?
Mr. Fillmore— Are you a married man ?
Applicant (shifting the right leg to the left
knee)— Well, somewhat. But jesting aside, Mr.
Fillmore, you know, I suppose, of ; that little
turn I did the company some years ago over in
Utah. Do you think it would be possible to get
transportation, as I suggested? -■.««.
Fillmore (reaching for his pen)— l do not
recall the exact occurence you mention, but' I
know you have always laid awake nights try
ing to keep the people from imposing on the
railroad company. Ever been to Salt Lake?
Applicant (drawing up a little nearer)— No,
but I would like to go very much. Just for my
wife and chiidren, you know.
Fillmore— How old are the children ?
Applicant— There are two boys, sixteen and
seventeen, and .a" girl twelve .. years of age.
You see, Fill, I intend to go. any way, but I
thought if you would give us passes that we
could have just that much more money to give
the children a good time on.
.Fillmore (dipping his pen in the ink and
opening a little drawer filled with blanks)—
Good scheme. How long will you be gone? •
Applicant (beaming with anticipation)— Oh,
a couple of weeks. Just a little jaunt. By the
way, Fill, you are looking very well of late.
How is your general health? Of course, I
know you are annoyed to death with appli
cations for passes, but I imagine you only'ac
cord them to friends of the railroad.
Fillmore (overlooking the "jolly" owing to
its chestnut flavor)— do you want to go?
Applicant (rising and leaning confidentially,
on the desk)— Well, we are all packed, ready to
go next Friday, and I have telegraphed my
wife's folks to expect us two days afterward.
Fillmore (with a winning- smile)— Are you
bound to go Friday?
Applicant — Oh, by all means. I have de
cided to go Friday. .♦' .
Fillmore (closing the drawer and rising to
welcome one of the directors)— You will have
to excuse me now. (Looking the applicant in
the eye, as though to hypnotize him.) Come
in Saturday.
The applicant, thoroughly rattled, murmurs
deep thanks and retires to the hall, where he
suddenly drops on himself and goes down to
Montgomery street, cursing the elevator-boy
and the united railroads of the Southern
Pacific.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Plenty of Gold.; y
San Jose Mercury.
-It is poor policy for the Government to be
borrowing money when all It has to do is to
open up Nature's vast gold vaults in California
and help itself.
Opposed to the Funding Bill.
y/y Porterville Enterprise.
How many newspapers are there in the State
in favor of the funding bill? The newspapers
represent the people, and we believe they are
all of one opinion— against it.
Kruger Not Easily Deceived.
... : . Woodland Mail.
It looks as though Chamberlain has en
countered a shrewd old rough diamond in the
person of President Kruger ot tho Transvaal,
who is well up in the tricks of English diplo
macy. It looks like a case of when Greek
meets Greek.
Voting for England.
Ocean tide Blade.
Englishmen who think say that the English
financial system is a good thing for England
but not for this country, because it is a debtor
country, but Americans who do not think go
right on voting for au English financial system
just the same. _y y
The Next Administration.
Han Bernardino Times-Index.
It is not believed that the next administra
tion will bo able to equal the present one
matching fish, shooting ducks or issuing bonds,
but it will be able to double discount it bring
ing prosperity to the country.
As the Twig Is Beat.
Stockton Record.
The boys of to-day who steal rides on vehicles
are likely to become the thieves of to-morrow.
When children steal, whatever the form of
theft, the parent should sternly teach them
better. The parent who neglects so to do con
tributes to tho boy's untoward career.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"I wouldn't mind helping you if I thought
there .was anything in you."
;"Jes' you gimme. tho dime, mister, an' see
how quick there'll be sumthin' in me."—ln
dianapolis Journal. -""•""' *"-?\rj y?i y
A father, wishing to bring up his child in the
way he should go, told him. when he was in
danger and needed help to call upon the Lord.
Later in the day Willie was punished for some
misdemeanor,, and when on the threshold of
the dark closet, holding his father .by one
hand, he dropped to his knees and prayed, "0
Lord, if you want to help a little boy, now's
your chance."
"Literary criticism is a droll affair."
"Isn't it? The critics say the- English lau
reateship is • a mean, low-down job, and then
decide that Alfred Austin isn't good enough
for it."— Louisville Courier-Journal.
"I see," remarked Mrs. Ashcroft at the break
fast-table, "that the coffee crop of Honduras
has been seriously reduced by two unusually
dry seasons." .._• _' ;,'.--■
"That's odd," replied the Star Boarder. "I
never noticed a scarcity of water in the
Pittsburg Chronicle-lelegraph.
"Why is it," the Cumminsville sage inquired,
with the air of one pleased with the sound of
his own voice, "why is it' that the man of 40 or
thereabouts can realize so well how old he is
when he is talking to a youth of 18, but seems
to forget all about it when he meets a girl of
that age?"— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Wife— doctor, now is it with my hus
band? : .
Doctor— Fair to middling, so to speak; he
wants a rest above [ all {Jungs. I have written
out a prescription for an opiate.
Wife— And when must I give him the medi
cine? " ' ' ■ ■ * -
Doctor— Him? The opiate is for you.
madam.— Home and Farm.
Willey— l tell you, it's better in the end to
be honest. Did you ever know a rogue who
wasn't unhappy?
Shalley— No, but then one would hardly ex
pect a rogue to be happy when he's known.
It's the rogues who are not 'known who are
Woonsocket (R. I.) Reporter.
Now the timid doubting suitor,
By Professor Roentgen's art.
May, before he speaks, discover
If she has a marble heart.
—Indianapolis Journal,
PERSONAL.
Ex-Congressman Louttit is on a visit here.
D. C. Page, a grain-dealer of Davis, is in the
City.
John L. Hudner, an attorney of Hollister, Is
at the Lick.
Ex-District Attorney W. D. Tupper of Fresno
is in the City. L
Dr. C. R. Lisle of Philadelphia, Pa., is at the
Cosmopolitan.
Superior Judge G. W. Nicoll of Sonora Is at
the Occidental. ,
Assemblyman R. C. Dale of Kern County is
at the Baldwin. ,
B. F. Hayden, editor of the Catholic Journal
of Portland, Or., is at the Grand.
W. C. Myers of the United States revenue
cutter Rush is at the California.
Editor D. D. Dodson of the Red Bluff Senti
nel is among the arrivals at the Grand.
S. G. Younkins of Pasadena is staying at the
Cosmopolitan, accompanied by his wife.
George Blake, who has been for some time
past mining at Cripple Creek, is at the Lick.
Colonel J. L. Coles, a mining superintendent
of Tuolumne County, arrived here yesterday.
L. A. Roberts, a livestock grower of Gray
son, Stanislaus County, arrived here yesterday.
J. B. Ivison, a manufacturer of engines and
agricultural implements at Salinas City, is in
town. -•-;.'-.-;
T. E. Collins, a hotel man of Fresno, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan. He is accompanied
by his wife.
Norman Rfdeout, the widely known banker
of Marysvilie, is at the California, accompanied
by Mrs. Rideout.
E.A.Kent, a well-known mining and news
paper man of Denver, is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife. : y ■'•■ '_•
A. G. Hicks, one of the pioneers of Tacoma
and at one time Deputy Collector of the Port,
there, is at the Occidental.
R. Kohlerof Portland, manager of lines in
Oregon of the Southern Pacific Railroad, ar
rived here, yesterday. Mr. Xohler has .been
many years in Oregon and for a long time was
connected with the Oregon and California,
prior to the change of name.
James Rickey, for several years foreman of
the Bodie and Standard mines at Bodie and
now superintendent of a group of properties at
Silver-Peak, just inside the Nevada line, is at
the Russ. He says an English syndicate has
just arranged to take the properties, put in ex
tensive machinery and build great chlorina
tion works. They will spend in all, he says,
from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000.
District Attorney Alvin Fay of Bakersfield is
at the Baldwin. He says Bakersfield now has
4000 inhabitants and is thriving in every way.
"It is now the best business town," he said, "in
the San Joaquin Valley. More money is paid
out there than at any other point. A large
amount of the -great ranch of Haggin&Carr
has been cut up in tracts and considerable of
it sold. Kern County, of which Bakersfield is
the capital, has extensive cattle and sheep in
terests. In "fact,, all kinds of livestock are
grown there. ; They bring in much money. It's
a good county and I am well satisfied with it."
Thomas B. Everett of Cripple Creek, former
ly a member of the Legislature from Placer
and El Dorado counties, who has been here
for three weeks past, left list night to return
to Cripple Creek. While here he organized
two more companies for the development of
Cripple Creek mines, making the third in all
which he has floated here. He says a number
of the best men in San Francisco are interested
in these companies. Mr. . Everett, however,
does not hold that the mines are any better in
Cripple Creek than here. He says the only
difference is" that the miners j are going deeper
there than here.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 18.— Atterton
and Miss A. Vanbergen, Albermarle; A. B.
Field, Bartholdi; J. D. Hammond, Murray
Hill; G. McComb, Westminster.
LADY'S BOX-PLEATED WAIST AND
SKIRT.
Trim tailor effects are coming to the front,
and-, the NorfolK jacket is a favorite model.
Cheviots, tweeds,serges and novelty wools are
used for these serviceable gowns that are ap
propriate for general wear, for traveling and
for the business woman.
The waist shown here has a fitted lining, the
goods being fitted by the pleats. The sleeves
are of the lee-o'-mutton shape, of generous
proportions. The skirt cut with a circular
front and two gores in the back which are laid
In box-pleats. The only stiffening now used is
a band from five to ten inches deep all around
the bottom. Haircloth wears best, but canvas,
wirene and many other substitutes are used.
Mixed woolen goods are much liked and the
top of each pleat may be decked with tiny gilt
or smoked pearl buttons. The favorite gilt
belt looks extremely well on such a gown.
A blue* serge gown had each pleat stitched
along the edges witn gilt thread and was worn
with a gilt belt.
A tan mixture had each pleat bound with
light brown leather and was worn with an inch
wide belt of the same material.
This style of waist is much used for bicvele
costumes, and the leather trimmings just de
scribed are especially pretty on these, the skirt
being bound with the same" leather.
The skirt shown in this illustration is one of
the newest shapes and is used for separate
skirts of silk, satin, crepon, etc., as well as
for costumes of one fabric.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mr. Uhl, the new Embassador to Germany,
does not pronounce his name in the German
way— that would bo "Ool"— but pronounces it
with the initial letter soft, "Eul," like "Yule.'
M. Siegler has , won his suit against Prince
Henry of Orleans for 275,000 francs. The case
was tried in Paris. The money was the amount
of "open credit" given to the Prince for his use
by Siegler some time ago.
Cotton Mather's | poems have been repub
lished in Boston. The poems are two in num
ber. One written in 1682 is an elegy on Rev
Uriah Oakes, president of Harvard College, and
the other, written in 1685, is an elegy «opon
Rev. Nathaniel Collins of Middletown, Conn.
Young Alfonso of Spain has just put on his
first regular .. military uniform with much
_ ~^_ — — — — — — — — — — <^_ -_ -va -vji -^« iv -^t*a "^aa -^a^sil <uur>.
If you want a sure relief for *»ains in the back, side, chest or
limbs, use an • *
Allcock's EX
i^llvv/VJ\ o Plaster
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. ' — "«.
pride. Being nearly 10 years old, the juvenile
monarch held a grand reception on his name
day, and was allowed to appear in the costume
ot a pupil of the Infantry.Training School. • He
looked a soldierly little fellow, though. still
somewhat fragile.
NEW POEM BY SWINBURNE.
! The new number of the Nineteenth Century
opens with a splendid poem upon "Robert
Burns" by Mr. Swinburne. Its form is that
which Burns himself mostly employed, and its
eighteen stanzas form a tribute, of passionate
admiration and exquisite imagery and music
such as only Mr. Swinburne can give us. The
London Chronicle quotes a few stanzas, pre
mising that their beauty is still greater when
they are not thus torn from their context:
He loved and sang of love: he laughed
And bade the cup whereout he quailed
Shine M a planet, fore and aft,
And left and right.
And keen as shoots the sun's first shaft
Against the night.
But love and wine were moon and sun
For many a fame long since undone,
And sorrow and joy have lost and won
By stormy turns
A a many a singer's soul if none
More bright than Burns.
*******
The daisy by his plowshare cleft,
The liosot women loved and left.
The griefs and joys that weave the weft
Of human lime
With craft man's cunning, keen and deft,
He carved in rhyme.
****** ..V* ;./ J
But never since bright earth was born
In rapture of the enkindling morn
Might godlike wrath and sunlike scorn
That was and is
And shall be while false weeds are worn
Find word like his.
*******
Above the storms of praise and blame
That blur with mist his lustrous name
His thunderous laughter went and came
And lives and flies—
The roar thai fallows on the flame
When lightning dies.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Flying Jib's Record— ll. H. h, City. The
record of Flying Jib is 2:04; with running
mate, 1:08J4. ■
He Did Not— O. S., Haywards, Cal. The Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger did not make a public
declaration quoted in your communication. >
Cuba— H. T. D., City. Nothing has been
done by the Government of the United States
to officially recognize the Cubans as bel
ligerents.
Mining Claims— E.-'D. X., Indian Hill, Sierra
County, Cal. No mining claims are exempt
from assessment work omen they are pat
ented. Claims in the vicinity of Indian Hilt
taken up before 1872 are not exempt unless
they have been patented.
Cook's Case— A. S., City. Sergeant Cook of
the police force was held to answer by one of
the Police Judges on the 22d of last July for
trial in the Superior Court on a charge of hav
ing assaulted a Chinaman with Intent to do
him a bodily harm. The case is still pending
in the upper court.
Senators— G. 11. S., Cherokee, Butte County,
Cal. The reason the clause was placed in the
constitution to the effect that Senators should
be chosen by the Legislature instead of by the
people direct was that it was believed that a
better class of representative men could be se
cured to serve in the upper house of Congress.
It Does Not— C. W., Prescott, Ariz. The fact
that a man is a member of tne secret society
named does not absolve him from tne penalty
of death in case ne should be convicted of
murder. If any of those men who were ex
ecuted for the crime of murder were members
of that order none of them proclaimed that
fact.
Newspaper— G. C. Eldridge, Sonoma County,
Cal. If a person who has never subscribed to a
newspaper takes such paper addressed to him
self from the postoffice he is responsible for the
subscription price. Should he not desire the
paper it is his duty to refuse to receive it and
notify the Postmaster, or he should notify the
oflice that he does not want it.
Good Roads— A. S., Palo Alto, Cal. It is im
possible to give an intelligent answer to your
question about a good roads . congress as a
number have been held, and you do not men
tion the one you desire to know about. If you
will communicate with C. Michener. room 23,
sixth floor, Mills building, or with H.F.Wynne,
Twenty-second and Folsom streets. Either of
these gentlemen will give you full information
on the subject of good roads.
Townsend's " Palace Mixtures," 15c lb. *
"Is Tompkins an economicalMnan?" "Well,
I should say so; he takes oft' his porous-plaster
every night so it will last longer."— Chicago
Record. . ,3
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presj
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Johnson— How are you getting along with
your bicycle riding?
Jackson— First class! I can do everything
except chew gum.— Puck.
After other medicines have a ed, Hood's Snr
saparilla has permanently cured. This Is explained
by the fact that Hood's Sarsaparilla Is the only true
blood purifier, the unconquerable foe of disease.
Coeoxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely Iree from.the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Corona to, 560: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
'AGErobsusof the locks that grrced our youth.
To get them hack with their youthful color and
life, use I'arkks's Hair Balsam.
Brown (of the firm of Brown <fc Jones)— Why
did you countermand your order for those
fountain pens?
Jones— agent took down my order with
a lead pencil.— Puck.
NEW TO-DAY.
Strange Things Going On!
All the Folks Surprised!
Mem. — A man pounded his finger;
lost fifteen minutes' time, curing it.
Another got a whack square in the
eye. He was docked one hour's
pay— could then see out of it and
went to work again. .
Still another had sat up nights
with Felons, tried cocaine and
' opium, but. the agony had got
there first and would not yield.
Finally his wife, who had cured her
tender feet, gave him a pointer and
Hubby's Agony Fouud a Master,
For he says he
"Was Asleep in Ten Minutes."
So "Royal Purple" ~
After either accident. Mitchell's
Magic Lotion did the business foi
them all. - v - -
Money iv Your Pocket
To have it around, for nobody
knows when or where the
Lightning Is Going to Strike.
Any Druggist can get it for you—
25c, 50c and $1. . . .' '„
Be sure and read the directions.®k* *te**c
WEDNESDAY .FEBRUARY 19, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater.— Grand Opera — "Lucia'
and '• Cavallerla lUisticana. '
California Theater— "Richelieu."
Columbia Vhk.atks- "Tha Old Limekiln."
Morosco's Opera-House— "Wife for Wife-"
I Tivoli orERA-Hi.vss-.. — -Del Freischutz."
i vim.— High-Class Vaudeville.
(iBOVKK'B AICA7AV.. -Faust."
Grove-Street Theater- Between Polk and
Vim Ness— D & I. Deuelit for Veteran Guard,
1,. A. R.
M kchan-ics' Masquerade Ball, by
the Verein-Eintracht, Saturdaj" evening, February
ta.
Bboot the CHuxEs-Daily at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
1 AiiT Coast Jockey ' i.tf,— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eastov ,t- i i l.Ripr.K. -Tuesday, February
26, Real Estate, at 688 Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
By W. P. McCoitn— Thursday, February 20,
Horses, a* corner Twelfth and Harrison streets.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Prince I.uigi of Savoy visited and explored
the City Hall yesterday.
The new gangway for the ferries has been
opened and is now in use.
There were but few more developments yes
terday in the Custom-house scandals.
A faction of suffragists liken the State Woman
Suffrage Association to the donkey that lost its
tag.
The San Francisco Veterar Volunteer Fire
men will parade in Oakland on Washington's
birthday.
Queen Flambeau, Sam Leake, Tenacity, Ko
walsky and Olive were the winners at Ingle
side yesterday.
A number of trotting-horse men met last
evening to confer together for the advance
ment of the trotting horse.
Judge Slack has Issued an order allowing
the children of Thomas E. Fair to sell their
claims upon the Fair estate.
William Greer Harrison lectured on "Celtic
Literature. Poetry and Music," at last night's
session of the Balfe-Moore Club.
Professor Bailey of the University of Califor
nia lectured before the San Francisco Teach
ers* Club last Monday afternoon.
Yesterday Prince Luigi visited the Italian
school on Powell street and was received with
musical and literary ceremonies.
Don Pedro Mombiels. was married last even
ing to Miss Maria Lulz Makepeace in tne
Churcn of Nuestra Seaora de Guadalupe.
. The Health and Police Committee of the
Board oi Super;-:- visited one of the pro
posed sites for the pesthouse yesterday.
The city Hall Commissioners decided yester
day to use only California stone in the wains
coting of the dome of the new City Hall.
The carnival at the Hopkins Institute was •
brilliant success last night and the mansion
was brilliant with beauty and grandeur.
The Panama Railroad Company has issued a
westbound freight tariff from Eastern railroad
cities that shows no reduction over old rates.
The appeal from the order dismissing a
petition for the revocation of the probate of
the will of Anna M. Hathaway has been dis
missed.
P.ounsevelle Wildman lectured last night in
Golden Gate Hall on "Borneo and Rajah
Brooke" before the Geographical Society ol
California.
The San Francisco Gas Light Company dis
claims any intention of evading its contract
with the City as to the extinguishing of the
street lights.
When the Corona docked yesterday she car
ried a passenger tot down on the purser's list.
A cbilil was born to the wife of A. C. Seidel
during the trip.
"Fair Wednesday; probably cooler Wednes
day afternoon" is the prediction for to-day's
weather issued last night by Forecast Official
W. H. Hammou.
The Electric Laundry is suing Joseph Corbet.
one of its collectors, to have. him enjoined
from misusing his possession of the addresses
of the customers.
Quarantine Officer Craw of the Horticultural
Commission has destroyed a lot of infected
ornamental trees from Japan intended for
Golden Gate Park.
The Political Equality Club is preparing for
a series of open meetings, the first to be held
on Tuesday evening, when Rev. J. A. Cruzan
will be the speaker.
The twentieth annual meeting of the Fire
Underwriters' Association of the Pacific opened
in this City yesterday. It will conclude to
night with a banquet.
The Manufacturers' Association has re
quested the Harbor Commissioners to use Cali
fornia instead of Eastern-made rope on the
Slate tugs ana dredgers.
The trial of the suit of Verdleu & Co., the
dry goods merchants, against Hugo Goerlitz,
Paderewski's secretary, was begun Justice
Kerrigan's court yesterday.
The special committee of the Merchants'
Association has again written to Manager Vin
lng of the Market-street Railway system rela
tive to issuing transfers to the Kearny-street
electric line.
The transcript on appeal in the case of
Charles S. Young against Madison Babcock
baa been filed in the Supreme Court. The suit
is the one involving the position of School
Superintendent.
Caroline Anderson is suing William S. Kittle
for (20,000 damages for slander. She says
that in the presence of several persons he said
to her, "She would be all right if she would
only stop her stealing."
Colonel Isaac Trumbo has returned from
Salt Lake to spend a few days in the City. He
has high hopes of the ultimate prosperity of
the new State, and says she is destined to be
one of the best in the Union.
Annie M. Harrison has filed a cross-com
plaint in divorce against William G. Harrison.
She charges failure to provide and asks for
suitable alimony. Harrison's complaint was
upon the ground of cruelty.
The jury in the case of Ruth B. Walker
against the Oakland Railroad Company ren
dered a verdict at 1 o'clock yesterday morning
awarding $1500 to the plaintiff. She sued for
injuries received on the defendant's line.
Several prominent merchants, capitalists
and manufacturers met yesterday in the
Chamber of Commerce to organize a new in
surance corporation ou the Lloyds, or indi
vidual and mutual plan, in opposition to the
joi tit-stock companies.
Bernard Hu»lmantel has been discharged
from custody upon a showing that he was un
able to pay the alimony demanded of him.
He was committed to jail for contempt of
court for not paying to his wife, Caroline
Huelmantel, $15 a month.
Dr. Campbell has sent two letters, one to the
Mayor and one to the Board of Health, com
plaining of what he terms negligence in the
Health Department concerning the case of a
child on Dupont street afflicted, according to
his diagnosis, with scarlet fever.
The giving of testimony in the forgery case
against J. F. Turner ended yesterday and ar
guments were commenced. A. P. Black, As
sistant District Attorney, opened for the prose
cution and George A. Knight followed him for
the defense. The arguments will close to-day.
Peter F. Lane has pleaded not guilty to a
charge of attempted assault. A motion to dis
miss tha information, and a demurrer to it,
both made upon technical grounds, were over
ruled by Judge Belcher. The trial of one of
the charges against Lane will begin this
morning.
NEW TO-DAT.
(uticura
THE GREAT
SKIN CURE
If 111 Pi Oli
Hlii uUIIL
Works wonders in cur-
ing torturing, disfigur-
ing diseases of the skin,
scalp, and blood, and es-
pecially baby humours.
Ctticvba Thuremas .re told throughout th* world.
£-ii;*L depot: F. Skwszwt * Bonn, London. Poixaa
►'v a Ca**> CQ*r., Bolt fropt., Bettos, U. B. a-
DARING DAYLIGHT ROBBERY OF A BANK
The Market-Street Bank
Looted by Three
Masked Men. *
SHOT AT THE CASHIER.
Officials Forced Into the Vault
While the Coin Was
Taken.
THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS.
P. J. Donohoe, an Architect, Saw a
Man Leave the Bank With
a Sack of Coin.
The liveliest bank robbery that ever oc
curred in San Francisco was witnessed by
the cashier and bookkeeper of the Market
street Bank yesterday morning at 10
o'clock.
Ordinarily the Market-street institution
is a very quiet place, but the scene was
very animated for a few moments at the
time the looters made their haul.
It appears that three men entered the
hallway which approaches the bank on
the right-hand side of the Gutzkow build
ing, and proceeded up to the cashier's
window, which one of them first climbed
through, following his entrance by calling
GEORGE H. HOPKINS, CASHIER OF THE LOOTED BANK.
upon the gentleman in charge to throw up
his hands and do it quick. The luck of
haste that Cashier Hopkins evidenced ap
peared to offend the robber who had suc
ceeded in entering so unceremoniously
through the wicker-framed window, so he
forthwith punctuated his demand with a
pistol-ball, which new past the head of the
cashier and lodged, after glancing from
a frame over one of the desks, in a door
of heavy oak.
By this time the cashier, who did not
seem to be in a hurry at first, suddenly I
took it into his head to do as requested j
ank the offending hands went up with j
great haste, after which another man wear- i
ing a Jong mask like his brother in crime I
crawled in .. through the entrance that
seemed to be most in use, and added to
several vociferous requests that both Cash
ier Hopkins and Bookkeeper Hayhurst
get into the vault and stay there" until
the men had helped themselves to the
loose gold and silver visible in the cash
tills on the left of the window. In the
meantime the third robber was maneuver
ing around the door which he had fast
ened by fixing a screw between the door
frame and the casing. What happened
after the desperate men had taken posses
sion of the office is best told in the words
of the cashier.
"I was standing at my desk," said he,
"when I heard some one coming into the
room from the hallway. I. turned and
started toward the window, but was sur
prised to see the first man bound through
it as lightly as a cat. He got on the coun
ter and took several steps to the right, all
the time carrying a pistol, which seemed
to be a foot long, in his hand. 'Throw up
your hands, I say.,' he commanded me,
but as I did not realize the situation I did
not obey him. "Throw up your hands,' he
yelled again, and immediately followed
his request by raising his revolver and
taking a shot at me. The bullet passed by
my cheek and lodged in the door after
glancing from a part of the top
frame of the desk at which I was working,
when the entrance of the three men
attracted me. Tbe powder marks are still
on my face. Then, and only then, did I
realize that robbery was intended anti 1
said: 'Do not make a fool of yourself. I
will throw up my hands of course. You
have the drop on me and I am willing to
quit.' In the interval when we were talk
ing the other burglar got through the
window and was giving his attention to
Mr. Hayhurst, who was also covered with
a gun. Immediately after my hands went
up both men approached us and ordered
that we get into the vault as soon as
possible." "■SPSS'
"Were you forced in the vault as stated
this morning?" inquired The Call repre
sentative.
"No, we went in without further parley.
What else could we do? We had no arms
and they had the dead drop on us. It
would have done no good to talk the
matter over when they seemed to be so
desperate and we retired at once. It was a
very fortunate thing that I had shot out
the bolts and locked tbe combination or we
would have been smothered to death."
"How did it happen that the bolts were
shot out and the combination locked ?"
"Well, live years ago I gave an order
when we were running a bank up in
Fresno that when the doors opened in the
morning the combination was to be set
and the bolts shot out so as to make it im
possible to shut the vault. I took that
precaution because I had read of so many
bank cashiers who had been locked in and
absolutely smothered to death before as
sistance could reach them or the combina
tion could be learned. It is very danger
ons to remain long in a" tightly closed
vault and 1 did not propose to be caught
in such a predicament. " '
".When we had entered one of the rob
bers attempted to close the doors entirely,
but the protruding bolts made it impossi
ble. They thought it was because the car
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1396.
pet was in the way and one of them ripped
it up. The result was the same, however,
and the door still remainad open several
inches. This seemed to aggravate them
considerably and one suggested that we be
killed immediately. I distinctly heard
the words "Let's kill them." I suppose
they were too excited to nave me turn the
combination and shoot the bolts back and
had 1 been requested to do so it would
have taken me some time. However, in a
few moments after we had listened to the
threats and the curses of the raiders one of
them went over to the cash tills and I
heard the money rattlej as it was being re
moved. From the sound outside the door
I was pretty sure that it was being guarded
to prevent our getting out." •
DID NOT "WANT OUT."
Tho Cashier Says They Were Con
tented to Stay In the
Vault.
"Did you make any attempt to look
through the aperture made by the partly
open door so as to get a better sight of the
men for the matter of future identifica
tion?" was asked. T ' \
"Not the sligntest. We did not want to
get out. We were too well satisfied where
we were. There were a great many things
outside that we did not want to get mixed
up in. We were absolutely without arms,
and everything was quiet and peaceful
where we were. Oh, don't make any mis
take about our wanting to get out, even
just to take a look at, the way things lay.
At one time I thought of going to the
vault door and pushing it open, but Hay
hurst reasoned that it would be a foolish
thing to do, and I finally agreed with him.
We remained there something less than
five minutes, and could hear the men
moving about the bank helping them
selves. After a little time we heard the
front door open and close, as though some
one was leaving, and we came out of our
temporary prison to find the men gone
and a few coins of small denomination
scattered over the counter near where the
cashtrays usually are.
"I made a hasty examination of the office
and the safes, but found that nothing but
the trays had been disturbed. They got
away with some notes besides the coin, and
ni'.st have been very familiar with things
to jave arranged the plan so successfully."
"How much was secured in all?"
"That I could not say, as I have not yet i
counted the balance. There was not much, ;
however, as we never keep much coin in ;
sight. We do not propose to tell the amount
until it is definitely known."
"Is there not generally a revolver in the
vault?"
"No; had there been I would have made
a fight and stood mv chances of petting out
of it with a whole skin. I would have had
the advantage of such a fight from the start,
as the iron door was between me and the
The Scene of the Hold-Up as Described by Cashier Hopkins. The Third Robber Is Supposed to Be in
the Hallway Watching the Front Door.
[Sketched by a " CaU " artist,]
men. I very much regret that there was .
not a revolver on hand. I can assure you
that had there been we would have been in
a much different position from the one we
are in now. I was not in the least bit
nervous and felt as cool as I do this mo
ment. By George, it's too bad 1 hadn't a
gun," said Mr. Hopkins, with a grieved
expression, but it was perhaps better for
him that he was without that variety of
weapon.
"I could not describe the men with any
accuracy," he continued, "as they were
too well masked and it was all done so
rapidly. Further than the fact that the
man who burned me with*rowder was about
my size and wore a long coat I am unable
to give descriptions. The masks of all
three of them came down below the collar
and completely covered up the neck and
breast. 1 saw very little of the third man.
He appeared to be busy watching the front
door, having pulled down the curtain after
jamming in the screw to keep it tightly
closed. Ido not think he got inside the
railing at all, unless it was when I was in
the vault. Perhaps he came in at the door
near the end of the counter leading down
from the right, but if he did I was not
aware of it."
That was about all that Cashier Hopkins
had to say regarding the affair, and the
bookkeeper bore him out in so much as he
saw. The episode of the vault was sub
stantiated, but neither of the men had
much time to see anything.
There is no foundation to the statement
that all three of the men got into the ele
vator and forced the boy, Froyd Curry, to
take them to the top floor, where they
escaped into Stevenson street by the aid
of ropes previously fixed for the occasion.
Curry was in the basement at the time
the shot was fired, and says he heard the
report, but thought it was the failing of a
letter-press or some heavy piece of ma
chinery or office furniture. A close ex
amination of the fire escape was made
from the top story, and accumulated dust
remained undisturbed on each rung.
There is no reason to believe the men es
caped by that route, at least from the evi
dence secured after a very careful research.
Crowds of curious people hung around
the bank entrance all day, and the cashier
was the subject of much congratulation on
his narrow escape from death both by a
pistol shot and suffocation in the vault.
The following statements were made to
Detective Seymour a few minutes after the
robbery was reported at police head
quarters:
W. S. Hopkins, cashier, said: "This morning
about 10 o'clock, while I was standing beside
a desk, near the vault, I turned my head and
immediately after turning my head a fellow
poked a pistol at me and said, 'Hands up.'
The bookkeeper had his hands up already.
"One of the fellows jumped over the counter
and fired off his pistol. The man in the lead
who fired off the pistol was about 5 feet 9
inches, weight 150 to 160, had on a soft hat.
and ."lark clothes, black mask tied around his
face, covering his nose and mouth.
"After he fired the shot I told him not to act
so foolish. The other two men then came up
and forced me into the vault, and I said,
'That's all right.' I knew the vault could not
be locked, as the custom is to keep the bars
thrown out, so the vault cannot be barred.
"They worked quite a while, and I guess we
were in the vault about three minutes, and as
soon as the men got out of the bank we gave •
the alarm.
"The elevator-man was in the basement and
the janitor was on the fifth floor. 1 grabbed
my pistol and ran right out. It was not two
or three minutes after 10 when this happened.
I think the last man who had come in had
pulled down the curtains and closed the door.
"I cannot tell how much is taken. I do not
think it will be a great deal. I unlocked the
vault door this morning. There is some money
in the vault. I can't say whether they got
money or not out of the vault. I can't say
until 1 have a private talk with Hayshurst.
"The most peculiar feature of the matter is
that two little coin trays usually on the coun
ter I" find now in the safe, which to me
is a very strange thing. The Bank of Califor
nia is our correspondent. We were formerly
in Kmgsburg, Fresno County. I canno£give a
description of the other men . The skin of No.
1 looked brown, as though in the sun a great
deal."
J. F. nayshurst, accountant, said: "Mr.
Hopkins and myself opened the bank at 9
o'clock. A few minutes before 10 o'clock three
masked men came running in the bank and
leveled their revolvers at us. They hollered
for me to hold up my hands. I did not obey
the first command, and at the second command
1 saw that I could not get at my pistol, it being
on the counter, so I did as they demanded.
"One of the men jumped through the window
of the paying teller's desk and commanded
the cashier to throw up his hands. He did not
comply until the third command. Before the
third command the man fired a shot over
him. Then the men forced us both into the
vault. ,
- "We always keep the bars thrown out so that
the vault cannot be barred. While we were
in there they talked about killing. They were
in the bank three or four minutes after we
were in the vault, and as soon as we heard the
door close we gave the alarm."
At this point President Lillis sent Hay
burst off on a message, and the balance of
his statement could not be taken. '
THE ROBBERS SEEN.'
P. J. Donohoe, an Architect, Saw
the Man With the Coin.
P. J. Donohoe, an architect, whose office
is at 330 Pine street, saw one of the robbers
as the latter was leaving the bank with a
sack of coin in his hand.
Mr. Donohoe told his friend Arthur Mc-
Guerren, at the corner of Market street
and Park avenue, the following story:
I happened down that way this morning
about 10 o'clock, and when near the bank!
. heard something that sounded like the report
of a firearm, although at the time I did not
think that it could be a pistol shot at such an
hour of the day.
A few minutes after— could not have been
more than two or three minutes— l saw a man
a little above medium height come out of the
bank carrying a sack in his hand.
It looked like a sack of coin, and, in the light
of subsequent events, it probably was the best
coin of the realm. -
At the time, of course, I did not pay much at
tention to the incident. Afterward I was glad
that I had noticed the man with the sack. I
think I could identify him if he was brought
before me. As to his'dress I cannot speak with
as much confidence.
Thinking that the man with the sack in his
hand was an employe of the bank I did not
pay further attention to him, and could not
| say where he went after he left the bank doors.
President Lillis, as referred to above, was
closeted with Captain Lees la.-t night.
What he said to the chief of detectives was
afterward repeated in part to the reporter.
He has the most implicit confidence in
the honesty of the cashier and bookkeeper
and poohpoohs the idea that the robbery
was an impromptu dramatic performance
gotten up for the benefit of the principal
actors.
Beyond giving the amount of the money
taken Mr. Lillis could give little other in
formation of interest or importance. "In
fact," he said, "there is nothing more to
say. The story is told. The robbers were
there and the money is not there."
THE MONEY STOLEN.
Description of the Robbers as
Given by the Bank Officials
to Captain Lees.
President Lillis, Cashier Hopkins and
Accountant Hayburst had a consultation
last night with Captain Lees, and the
captain advised them, for prudential
reasons, to make public the exact amount
stolen by the robbe
The total money stolen was $3600; of
this there was in currency $200, in silver
$400 and in gold $3000. There was $40 in
new dimes. $16 in nickels, $40 in $1 and $2
old bills, ten $20 bills and $200 in new *>5
gold pieces coined in 1895.
It was also decided to give for publica
tion a full description of the three robbers,
which is as follows:
Description of No. 1, by W. S. Hopkins, cash
ier — Man about 5 feet 9,age between 30 and 35,
weight from 150 to 160, medium build, dark
hair, face rather thin, smooth, soft voice,
American accent; slim legs, soft blaok Fedora
hat, block woolen clothing, with cutaway
coat; wore black mask covering lower part of
his face up to his eyes; mask looked like black
crepe or black mosquito bar; hat drawn well
down over eyes.
Description of No. 2, by J. F. Hayhurst, ac
countant Man about 5 feet 10, weight 160,
hair black ami straight, voice medium, sounds
like an American, skin of face above mask was
tanned as if he had been in the sun or wind,
cheek bones somewhat prominent, face me
dium width, age about 35, square build, stood
erect with head thrown slightly forward, think
he wore black sack coat, soft wool material,
black Fedora hat somewhat worn, black mask
tied at back of neck and pulled up over face to
a point about the middle of nose and dropping
down so as to cover up the sides and front of
neck.
Description of No. This man stood back
by the front entrance of the bank door. He
appeared to be an ordinary-sized built man:
clothing of dark material.
They came in the bank about 10 o'clock and
were not there over two or three minutes.
The bullet fired at Cashier Hopkins was
found on the floor behind the counter,
about twenty feet from where it struck,
and is now in the possession of Captain
Lees.
Detectives Seymour, Reynolds and Dil
lon are working on the case, the two
latter having been closeted with the bank
oflicers and Captain Lees for some time
last night.
THE HOWARD REPUBLICAN CLUB
Resolutions on the Nicaragua Canal
Unanimously Adopted. -
The Howard Republican Club held Its
regular semi-monthly meeting last even
ing at Pythian Castle Hall. About 200
members were present. After the regular
business of the club had been transacted
the club was addressed on the political
situation of the day by Chris Newman,
Thomas F. Graham, Fred Eggers and
others. The members were then enter
j tamed by an interesting programme, of
j songs, music and recitations. John W.
Koch, corresponding secretary of the
club, then introduced the following reso
i lutions which were adopted: .
Whereas, The financial and industrial con
| dition of the people of the United States and of
• the State of California has steadily been grow
ing worse and worse under Democratic rule,
therefore, be it -
Resolved, That we, the members of the How
ard Club, do most earnestly petition the people
of this State to put forth their utmost en
deavors to return the control of the Govern
ment, both general and local, to the Republi
: can party. •
Resolved, That we do, individually and as
! members of the Howard Club, oppose." and con
demn the bill or act looking to the refunding
of the Pacific railroads' indebtedness.
Resolved, That the completion of the Nicara
gua canal would be of vast benefit to the peo
ple of the Pacilic Coast, and would lead to a
great reduction in the rate of transportation
of our products to Eastern points; we do there
fore petition our Representatives in Congress
to use their best endeavors to the passage of a
bill looking to the speedy completion of such
canal.
TWO PHYSICIANS AT OUTS.
Doctors Ford and Fields Seri
ously Disagree Over a
Case.
SCARLATINA SIGN TORN DOWN.
Dr. Lovelace Agrees With Dr. Field
and Says No Scarlet Fever
Symptoms Exist.
Dr. Campbell Ford has prepared a letter
complaining of negligence in the Health
Department. Yesterday morning he for
warded one copy of this letter to Mayor
Sutro and another to the Board of Health.
The letter reads as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. IS, 1896.
To the Hon. A. .iutro. Chairman, ami Members
of the Board of Health of Han Francisco— Df.ar
bias: 1 wish respectfully to inform you that
on the night of February 8 Mr. Beverly called
at my office, 734? i Broadway, and requested
me to visit his child. 1 accompanied him and
called at 1803 Dupont street.
I found the child, aged 6 years, had during
the previous week hurt its knee by failing
downstairs. From the angry appearance of
the knee, and as Mr. Beverly'* brother-in-law
was ill in the house with erysipelas, I sus
pected that the knee had been infected with
erysipelas and so informed him. In addition
the child was covered from head to foot with
a scarlet rash. 1 ordered the child isolated
and under treatment its improvement was de
cided by the next day, and by the 12th the
rash had disappeared and the skin commenced
to desquamate, completely confirming the
diagnosis of scarlet fever. 1 ordered the child
annointed with oil and bathed.
On the following morning, February 13, 1
addressed a communication to the Health Of
fice, informing them there was scarlet fever at
1803 Dupont street.
I did not call the following day, the child be
ing convalescent. I called on the 15th and
noticed the house had not been quarantined.
I called again in the afternoon, accompanied
by Dr. J. C. Stinson, and was met by Mr. Bev
erly, who indignantly informed us that a man
called with "his little pots and pans, ".went in,
looked at the child and said that it did not
have scarlet fever and departed without quar
antining the house.
I lmmeaiately called on Dr. Lovelace, in
forming him ot the facts. I also interviewed
the Inspector, who admitted that he had re
ceived my notice, called at the house and failed
to put it in quarantine; he gave as an excuse
that he saw the child In the bed playing with
its toys, and that the woman who opened the
door told him that the child did not have scar
let fever.
This seems to me a flagrant, gross criminal
neglect of duty not to quarantine this house;
not only on account of the serious nature of
the disease, but because Mr. Beverly, father
of the child, is the proprietor of the Elgin
Dairy, which daily distributes its milk
throughout the City, furnishing & means of
readily carrying the contagion far and wide.
I call your attention to the fact that the most
common way of spreading this dread disease,
which is estimated to have caused one-twen
tieth of the entire mortality of England and
America, is by means of milk. The rapidity
with which the germ life . of scar
let fever multiplies in a suitable
medium, such as milk, ie well known.
One scale of the millions that are thrown off
from the skin will, if dropped into milk, make
a solid mass of culture the size of a teacup
within four hours. Cattle and calves are also
susceptible to the disease, and in that way will
increase the contagion. it is well known that
the disease is increasing in virulence, and in
stances, are recorded where milk is known to
have carried scarlet fever to half the families
to which it had been delivered, although it
had not been touched by the milkman or other
members ot the infected family. It is my firm
belief that not only the house, but also the
dairy should be quarantined until all danger
of contagion is past, and all articles subject to
the liability of infection have been thoroughly
disinfected.
"This letter," said Dr. Ford yesterday,
"clearly sets forth the whole matter.
"The seriousness of the case, owing to
the fact that the father of the child is a
dairyman who personally attends to the
distribution of his milk to customers, can
not be enough emphasized.
"Milk is the most favorable medium for
propagating the disease known. I have
learned that last Monday Mr. Beverly was
granted a license to sell milk. This shows
conclusively that the case has been ac
corded very little notice by the Health
officers.
"It is more directly the fault of the in
spector. His duty is simply to go to the
house mentioned as infected and to tack a
placard upon the door. It seems that this
inspector, a Mr. Fay, entered the house
and, deciding that the child did not
have the disease, went away without pay
ing any more attention to the matter.
"The case demands a thorough investi
gation.
"How did the disease get into the fam
ily? It might have been carried to the
child by the father. Not only this, but
erysipelas can be carried through the milk
in the same way. This disease is nearly
as virulent as scarlet fever.
"The dairy should be quarantined until it
has been definitely settled by microscopic
examination of the milk as to whether or
not scarlet fever germs exist in it."
Health • Officer Dr. Lovelace said:
"There has been a great deal of unneces
sary talk about this matter. In the first
place, on receiving the notice from Dr.
Ford, 1 sent Inspector Fay to the house.
He returned and said that since the visit
of Dr. Ford to the child the family had
had Dr. A. M. Fields examine its condi
tion, and he found the child showing no
symptoms of scarlet fever whatever.
"There has been no negligence," contin
ued Dr. Lovelace. "It is simply a dis
agreement between two physicians.
"I went to the house and examined the
child myself. I found not the slightest
symptom of scarlet fever, nor of erysipe
las. The child was simply suffering from
an abscess in the knee, induced by a fall.
"I had Mr. Fay tack a scarlet fever
notice on the house yesterday, but after I
examined the child, as I say later, I tore
the placard down.
"There is no necessity of posting up
such a notice with simply a sprained knee
in the house."
Dr. Fields examined the child Monday.
*'[ found no rash, only an abscess on the
child's leg," said lie. "There were no
symptoms of scarlet fever. It is true the
child hart some fever, but no more than
would be caused by a local inflammation."
There are 2487 different varieties of fire
escapes and ladders to be used in emer
gencies.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Vet. Polk and Van Ness).
.'BSsrsiFxv yasrjESjEitt.
— — — FOB ■ —
VETERAN GUARD, G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY!
— : : — AT TRACTIVE BILL!
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday...... ■ t .1 ■
Tuesday... M |V I
Wednesday *- / *"** *
;?^ y ;;;:::::::::::::::TW0 OF A MM
IS? y : :::::::::FO ON THE BRISTOL
SATURDAY MATINEE!
PRICES lOc, 20c, 30c, 50c.
Curtain Will : Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard.
TJ7- ' ■ -
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Btreeu Between .Stockton an* Po*t»iu
WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, FEB. 1 7 ,
A Great List of Renowned Attractions!
• THE "VV 7LTONS '.
': THE ; PANTZERS ~J .
• CARROLL JOHNSON •■
;-ji THE GARRISONS •
Our Great Company of Celebrities.
■ Reserved seats, 'Joe; .Balcony, 10c; Opera caalri
and Box seats, 60c
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
\\\W^Tri^\Tß^ *l PIOPS.
Last 4 Night * of the Opera Sea-ton!
Last 2 Wednesday and Satur-
day— at Sl.oo, 75c and 50c.
TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
Matinee TO-DAY (50c, 75c, $11 ..."CARMEN"
T0N1GHT....... .......••LUCIA" and
"CAVALLERIA KUSTICANA"
Thursday ••FAUST"
Friday "BOHEMIAN GIKL"
Saturday Matinee (SOc, 75c, $1) .."CARMEN"
Saturday- Night— Great Double Bill— Cast In-
cluding all the Company, "TKOVATOKE"
and by Request ;..."I' PAGLI ACCI"
Sunday Night, Feb. S3— Positively Final Recital
P.-*DKKKW*;iI.
EXTRA NEXT WEEK.
Annual Engagement of the Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK
■\w a. jfl:o:e3
And His Celebrated Company in Magnificent
Scenic Productions of Classic Romance
' and Tragedy.
ESS" The Mountebank
Tuesday and Thursday Evenings,
"THE LION'S MOUTH"
Saturday Evening "VIRGINIUS"
SEATS READY TOMORROW (Thnrsday).
fi J&faSM *SNft6iffi& meows
THEATRE >»«"«•
2nd AND LAST WEEK OF
MR. THOMAS
TxxZJS EWE
And His Splendid Supporting Company.
TO-NIGHT "RICHELIEU"
Thursday "HAMLET"
Frldav "OTHELLO"
Sat. Mat "MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Saturday Night "RICHARD III"
Sunday "LOUIS XI"
COMMENCING
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT, February 24,
Everybody Favorite Comedienne,
JOLLY .
NELLIE
McHENRY
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pre-
senting Her Latest Musical Farcical Success,
"THE BICYCLE GIRL!' 1
Bright Music, Catchy Songs, Pretty Dances,
Beautiful Girls, Elaborate Costumes, etc.
SEATS READY TOIIORROW— Thnrsday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Al Hayman & Co. announce
FA.DEn33-WSKI
In Three (3) Piano Recitals on .
THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOON at 2:30.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON... '21, at 3:00
And for a Final Recital at the
BALDWIN THEATER
SUNDAY EVENING February 23, at 8:15
PRICES : S2, S3. IS S, according to location.
tS~ Seats for afternoons at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s.
#3~ Seats for Sunday night now ready at Baldwin
Theater box-office.
Steinway & Son's Piano used at all the Paderew-
ski recitals.
/ «AL.CAZAR
"POP" BICYf IE JUTIJEE TODAY!
Very First-class "Bike" (lady or gent's) Given
Away— MßS. MARKS, 605 '-ixth St.. and MR.
JOSEPH HESS, 306 Scott st., were the lucky
winners of the last two bicycles.
j Superb Production of the Great Drama ■
FAUST!
"The apotheosis was classic art."— Press.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 253.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, SQo
Monday Next— The Carleton Opera Co.
Seats Now on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Keeling, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
Splendid Electric Production
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
\:y- — OR —
••THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brocken Scene ET«r
Shown in This City.
CAST INCLUDES
Ida Valerga, Kate 3l:»rchi,
Martin I'ache, John J. HalTael,
W. H. West, Muriel Perron,
Arthur Boyce.
Grand Chorus ! Superb Orchestra!
Next Opera— "KlP VAN WINKLE."
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
RI£DLArIOi:R.C-orrLOD mo-uSua aho iwmui • • •
THRILLING I SO
EVERYBODY
INDEED ! | SAYS
OF CHARMING
KATIE PUTNAM'S
GREAT PLAY
Tix© Old Xjiirao Sdilxx:
And Such a Host Of Good Things in Every Act.
SEATS— ISc, line, 5Qc and 75c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater ln America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee ami Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and
ESSIE TITTELL in the Leading Holes.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
Evexixb Price.* — and Sis.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Mavmees Saturday ana Similar.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896
(Washington's Birthday).
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
VEREIN EINTRACHTI
JO" Grand Festival March entitled "400 Years
I of American Life," representing- the most Im-
portant periods of the history of the United States
of America. -
Prizes amounting to $500 will be distributed.
Louis N. Ritzau's Military Band of 36 Pieces.
, Admission ..SI.OO
Reserved Seats 50c extra at Goldstein &, Cohn'a,
822 Market street.
Doors open at 7. Promenade Concert at 8.
Grand March at 9 P. if.
■ — „
THE WEATHER IS WARM, SO
i Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
ADMISSION -10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10i
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track;.
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION SI.OO.
Take Southern Pac-iric trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving .it 12:40 and 1:15 p. a.
Fare .for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, 91. Take Mission-street electric line direct :
to track.' .
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. 3. LEAKE.
- President. Secretary.
78
THE COUNCIL OF
THE CHURCHES
First Session of the Body
" That Is to Try Dr.
Brown.
HEARING OF TESTIMONY
The Pastor Objects to the Inter
pretation of the Letters-
Missive.
MISS OVERMAN IN ATTENDANCE
A Committee Appointed to Receive
Charges— Many People Fail to
Gain an Entrance.
The ecclesiastical council called to pass
on the charges of immoral conduct resting j
against Dr. C. 0. Brown, pastor of the I
First Congregational Church, began its ;
official existence yesterday at 2 o'clock.
After live hours consumed In motions,
resolutions and counter-resolutions and an
almost endless interchange of ideas, in
which Dr. Brown was not infrequently j
heard either in protest or commendation, !
the council perfected a permanent organi
zation, limited the scope of their investi
gations and then adjourned to meet to
day at 2 o'clock.
Long before the hours named in
letters-missive for the convening of
the council people began to gather
at the Mason-street entrance. They
clamored for admittance, but two big
policemen gently, though persuasively,
refused to hearken to their appeals. The
protestations of the anxious ones came
first in whispers, then in sidetalk and
finally in a clamorous demand that the
gates be open. But the guardians of the
ace had other orders.
In the meanwhUe 2 o'clock had arrived,
and in the lecture-room where the council
was to convene some thirty or forty per
sons were gathered, including the princi
pals of the great scandal, and those who
have battled most earnestly and fearlessly
tor the good of the church.
Dr. Brown, accompanied by hi? wife ana
Miss Overman, was among the first to
enter the room. They looked calm and
confident, and apparently in good humor
with the world. Attorney Nugle arrived a
few moments later, taking a chair just be
hind that of Dr. Brown, and across the
aisle and one row back of them sat Mrs.
Cooper and her daughter Miss Hattie.
Attorney Bartnett occupied a chair on the
right of Mrs. Cooper. Rev. John W. Ellis
of Oakland came in shortly after the
council convened, taking a seat near Dr.
Brown, the two holding frequent and
earnest whispered conversations.
Miss Overman, who, for a time, was the
observed of all the observers, was probably
the happiest-looking member of the pas
tor's little party. If she was nervous or
fearful of the coming ordeal, or if the Tun
nell letters, which she will be called upon
to explain, gave her any uneasiness, ncr
face gave no out outward evidence of it.
Miss Overman was dressed in a handsome
suit of black and wore a neat little bonnet
with green trimmings.
Just before the council came to order
Rev. Mr. Hal leek, pastor of the First
Chore of Tacoma, entered the room, and
mating direct lor Dr. Brown and his party
spoke a few encouraging words to each.
Dr. Halleck succeeded Dr. Brown at Ta
coma, and is in one sense an old friend of
all the principally interested parties.
Prompt to the minute the members com
posing the council filed into the lecture
room from the library. Temporary or
ganization was effected "by electing Dr. W.
C. Pond chairman and "Rev. George B.
Hatch scribe. Rollcall showed the follow
ing members present:
I'lymoutn Church, San Francisco, Rev. Dr.
Williams, Deacon 8. F. Bufford; Bethanv
Church, San Francisco, Dr. W. C. Pond and
A. P. Ruthaff; Third Congregational Church,
Dr. William Rader and J. D. McKee; First
Church. Oakland, Dr. S. M. Freeman, J. M.
Haven; Plymouth-avenue Church, Oakland,
Dr. J. K. McLean, Professor George Mooar;
First Church, Alameda, Rev. W. W. Scudder
Jr., £. J. Dodge; First Church, Berkeley, Rev.
G. B. Hatch, Thomas Addison; First Church,
Sacramento, Dr. 11. N. Hoyt, M. J. Curtis;
First Church, Stockton, Rev. R. H. Sink, J. C,
Holbrook; First Church, San Jose, Rev. J. M.
Tenney, William Ross.
The council then went into permanent
organization, electing Dr. J. K. McLean
moderator, A. L. Barker assistant moder
ator. Rev. G. B. Hatch scribe and Deacon
Bufford assistant scribe. With this for
mality completed the doors were opened
and the anxiously awaiting throng al
lowed to pour themselves into the lecture
room. Five minutes later there was not a
vacant seat to be had.
Dr. McLean read the one hundred and
twenty-second psalm, followed by an
earnest, fervent prayer, in which he in
voked the earnest "blessing of Almighty
God on the .First Church and the delibera
tions of the council. The moderator then
announced the organization of the council,
concluding with the remark that the Bole
charges to be considered were embodied in
the letters-missive.
The first sensation, if such it might be
termed, came when Dr. Brown addressed
the council saying that he questioned
their right to meet before the appointed
time. He had read in the newspapers
that they had held a long consultation the
evening before and he wanted it distinctly
understood that ho protested against such
action.
Dr. McLean then asked with some show
Three of the Prom nent Figures in the Council to Investigate the Moral Character and Ministerial
Standing of Dr. Brown.
of uneasiness if he challenged their right
to proceed with the investigation. The
pastor disclaimed any such intent but in
sisted on his right" to know everything
that had been done at Monday's meeting.
The secretary then read the minutes of
the proceedings, showing that the matters
discussed had been confined to the course
of procedure in the trial and that a com
mittee of two had been appointed to re
ceive and formulate. charges. Dr. Brown
objected vigorously to this last, but when
assured that no action had been taken
withdrew his remarks.
The pastor then sprang another little
alarm by asking Dr. Pond if Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper had not approached him with evi
dence calculated to influence his mind.
He intimated that if this was true he
would certainly object to the reverend
gentleman continuing a member of the
council. i'~yy
Dr. Pond, however, cleared the atmos
phere by admitting that Mrs. Cooper had
done the things suggested by Dr. Brown,
but that he had not even considered them,
consequently his opinion was not in the
least biased.
The event of the day came when Attor
ney Woodhams as representative of the
church gave his interpretation of the let
ters-missive. He referred to the Overman
incident and the Stockton episode, and
how it came about that Dr. Brown paid
$500 to secure evidence against Mrs. David
son.
Dr. Brown objected to the second
clause of Mr. Woodbam's statement relat
ing to charges current in the community.
He said it was a dragnet and should not
have been inserted. The attorney replied
that if things grew out of the main charges
reflecting on the character of Dr. Brown
they should certainly be investigated, be
cause no one wanted any after-talk.
Nearly every member of the council had
! something to say on this point, though Dr.
| Mooar seemed more vigorously opposed
than any to limiting the scope of the in
vestigation.
He said that three points were involved
lin the letters-missive; first, the moral
! character of Dr. Brown ; second, his min
isterial standing; and third, his pastoral
| relations with the church.
After an hour's argument for and
; against Mr. Woodhams' suggestion, in
: which Dr. McLean, Dr. Brown, Dr. Rader
! and Key. Mr. Tenney took an active part,
the council adjourned to the library to ar-
I rive at some conclusion satisfactory to all.
I The deacons, Dr. Brown and Mr. Wood-
I hams were asked to participate in the de-
I liberations. At the expiration of three
; quarters of an hour the council returned
j to the lecture-room, Dr. McLean announc
ing that a committee of three had been ap
pointed to correctly interpret the letters
i missive.
At the evening session Mr. Tenney,
| chairman of the committee, made a report
in effect that the letters-missive called
i for an investigation only as to the moral
character and ministerial standing of Dr.
Brown.
Tho pastor had gained the first point,
and the smile which lighted his face when
this announcement came showed that he
did not undervalue its importance.
Messrs. Hoyt, Rader and Williams were
appointed a committee of three to receive
such charges as members of the church
and outsiders might desire to prefer
j against Dr. Brown.
i Mr. Hoyt as chairman announced that
| the committee would meet immediately
after the council and again this morning
i at 9 o'clock, prepared to receive and lav
! before the council all matters pertaining
to Dr. Brown's character.
The result of the first day's proceedings
of the council may be briefly termed a de
i cided victory for Dr. Brown. He carried
every point that he made, and was sus
tained in all his objections. Persons hay
, ing charges to prefer against him must
present a cony of the same to him, in or
der that he may be able to make a proper
defense.
He is to enjoy all the rights of a de
fendant in legal proceedings and to offer
: such testimony in rebuttal as he may have.
In a word, Dr. Brown has drawn first
blood.
"This is the happiest day of my life," he
said. "I am confident of success, though
; I am aware that perjured testimony will be
! offered."
The council will meet to-day at 2 and
7 :30 p. m. It is probable that morning ses
sions will also be held after to-day.
! * ■
| THE PROCEEDINGS.
Opening: of the Council by Which
Dr. Brown Is Being: Tried.
The Pastor's Protest.
Promptly at 2 o'clock Rev. Dr. W. C.
, Pond called the council to order, every
member being present and seated on the
; platform of the lecture-room. Dr. Pond
: was then elected temporary chairman,
I and Rev. G. H. Hatch temporary secre
tary. Without loss of time Rev. Dr. J. K.
McLean was chosen moderator, and Rev.
■ G. H. Hatch scribe of the council, ana S.
< F. Bufford assistant scribe.
Rev. Dr. Pond then suggested that the
\ doors be opened to all who wished to at-
I tend, but this met with objection from Dr.
Brown, who expressed the belief that the
church members and the pewholders
I should first be accommodated. He de
manded this finally as a right.
Moderator McLean asked if the council
j wished to act on the suggestion of Dr.
Brown, and it was decided to open tbe
i doors for this occasion only to all comers.
A suggestion was made that an assistant
■ scribe he elected, and Hoyt, Mooar, Barker
j and E. C. Williams of Oakland were nomi
| nated. On the first ballot Hoyt received 4
votes, Mooar 4, Barker 8 and Williams .',.
No one having received a majority an
■. other ballot was taken, which resulted in
the election of Barker.
Dr. McLean read a passage from the
; Scriptures and led in prayer, invoking the
j aid of God in the deliberations and de
j cision of the council. He then remarked:
This body has now been rightly and for
. mally established and is therefore ready to
THE SAX FRANCISCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
The Accused Pastor, His Wife, and His Most Important Witness. Miss Mattie Overman Is Sitting on
Mrs. Brown's Right.
[Sketched yesterday by a "CalV artist.]
proceed to business. What is the first business
that comes before us? The moderator pre
sumes it will be the reading of the letter
missive. The sole charter under which this
council can act is the letter-missive. No other
matter can be taken up except what is men
tioned therein. That letter will now be read
by the scribe.
Scribe Hatch then read a copy of the
letter-missive, as follows:
The First Congregational Church of San Fran
cisco, Cal., to Church, , seudeth
greeting:
Whereas, Several charges affecting the moral
character and ministerial standing of our pas
stor, the Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D. , are current in
this community and have been spread broad
cast through the public nress; and whereas,
he has requested this church to call a council,
to be convened at the earliest possible day,
we, therefore, respectfully invite your attend
ance by pastor and delegate at a council to be
held in the lecture-room of the church on
Tuesday, February 18, 1836, at 2 o'clock i\ m.,
to thoroughly Investigate all matters pertain
ing thereto, and advise us accordingly.
Wishing you erace, mercy and peace, we are,
fraternally yours, C. O. Brown, D.D.
J. H. Barnard, Secretary of Committee.
Dr. Brown— l wish before the business of the
council proceeds to make inquiry with regard
to the preservation of -my rights. From ac
counts in the public prints I note that what
purports to have been a meeting of this council
was held yesterday afternoon. I would like to
know if such meeting took place.
Moderator McLean— There was no meeting of
the council. It did not come into existence un
til 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Dr. Brown— l wish to state that this council
has no right to hold any meeting. I know my
rights and the meeting that was held yesterday
afternoon is a thing unprecedented in Congre
gationalism.
Dr. McLean— Does the moderator understand
that you challenge the right of the council to
go forward?
Dr. Brown— No, sir. But I was told by one of
the members of the council that the council
was to meet in Deacon Barnard's oflice. I have
never before known of a meeting of a council
or any part of it before its regular session. I
think that all that was done there should be
stated here, that I may know tbat my rights
were not in any way interfered with or in
jured.
Dr. Pond— l move that the secretary of the
informal meeting held yesterday be directed
to read the minutes of that meeting.
Secretary Hatch— was no organization
yesterday. The meeting was called to order
by Dr. McLean, and after a while a secretary
was chosen, who was instructed to note down
for the use of the council what passed infor
mally at this meeting, and these were the min
utes that were noted down. [Reads] :
"It was decided, lirst, that when the council
was called to order it should be called Infor
mally to order by the oldest settled pastor, in
this case Dr. Pond. A scribe pro tern, shall
then be elected and complete organization
effected. It was voted that the opinion of the
council is that of a majority of the churches
represented in the council-* that a vote tobe
passed must be favored by a majority of Indi
viduals, and that a quorum is to be taken ac
cording to the custom of the church. Voted
that the expense of the council should be
divided among the churches participating
and that Mr. Woodhams be asked to secure a
stenographer, i-:- ■-;
The next vote was that it was the sense of
the meeting that the council should have full
control of the room where it meets, to admit
whom it pleases during the sessions of th"
council; that the sessions might be held in the
lecture room of the First Congregational
Church.
Voted that the committee of the church
should be requested no: to raise any Objections
to the proceedings of the council, and that a
committee of two be appointed to formulate
charges against the accused pastor.
Voted that the scope of the investigation is
to be determined by the letters and missives as
interpreted by Mr. Woodhams, who represent-!
the church. y:yyy---.
Voted that no attorneys as attorneys should
be admitted into the conduct of the" case- no
information of this meeting be given out 'ex
cept that methods of procedure have been
discussed; that the sessions of the council
shall be held each day at 2 :30 p. m. and 7:30
Dr. Brown— is one statement in that
report to which I should enter a very serious
objection— that a committee of two should be
appointed to formulate charges. The record*
of mv church will show that the members of
my cnurch have never made or presented any
charges against me. The First Congregational
Church on five votes was overwhelmingly with
me, and there have . been no charges made
The word "charges" was occasionally put in
the letters-missive, and if that is to be adopted
as the basis of your proceedings, I protest
against them.
Scribe Hatch— By the same accident that In
serted the word "charges" in the letters
missive the word got into these minutes. it
was used informally. It was thought that some
one would make charges or offer information,
and that these matter would be proper to refer
to a committee.
Dr. McLean— We are discussing a matter of
an unofficial body. The proper time to raise
the point is when an attempt is made to ap
point the committee.
Dr. Pond— idea was to have the com
mittee place before the council
Dr. Brown— lf that clause is withdrawn I
shall withdraw my objection. But I have one
more inquiry to make and that is to inquire of !
the Rev. Dr. Pond, who becomes now one of
my jurors, whether he has been approached by
a certain person with evidence and a statement !
as to the Innocence or guilt of the person ac
cused.
Dr. McLean— Does this cover the period since
his appointment as a juror in this matter?
Dr. Brown— covered the period while the
joint committee appointed to investigate this
matter was in session. I think I have the right
to raise the question whether his mind has
been biased.
Dr. Pond— My mind has not been biased by
anybody. A number of persons have expressed
their opinions to me that Dr. Brown was inno
cent and others that lie was guilty. But noth
ing was ever said to me that I would allow to
weigh on my mind a moment.
Dr. Brown— Mrs. Cooper call on you with
evidence?
Dr. Pond— She called and conversed with me
about the matter.
Dr. Brown— Did she express any opinion as
to my guilt or innocence? >:
Dr. Bond— that you were guilty. I did
not weigh the evidence.
Dr. Brown— l want to say to Dr. Pond that I
am perfectly satisfied. I was accused by one of
the representatives of the press of being in
strumental in securing the meeting of yester
day far my own purposes.
Dr. McLean— l think that it Is due to Dr.
Brown and to the council to say, if the ques
tion should be raised as to what agency he had
in the selection of the council and what In
fluence he had in tho construction of the let
ters-missive, that he had no voice in the one
or the Other. The statement has been made
that he selected the council and framed the
letters-missive. The council judges it would
be proper to have other questions asked and
have the matter settled.
Attorney Woodhams— l think lam author
ized to speak on that question as the represen
tative of tho church. I have conversed with
tin deacons In regard to this matter, and de
sire to say that I have prepared a statement in
advance. In a portion of my statement are
these rumors that Dr. Brown had influenced
the appointment of the council and the fash
ioning of the letters-missive.
Dr. McLean— The consultation held yester
day was not it: any way to prejudge anything
that Should come before it, when it should
have legal existence, but to formulate a course
of procedure as a large majority of the mem
bers had never before been called upon for this
kind of work.
At this point Attorney Woodhams was
asked to present the records of the church
providing for and authorizing the council,
which ho did. He also filed a copy of the
resolution empowering him to represent
the church before the council.
On the moderator asking for the next
matter to be acted upon Dr. Pond made a
motion that the scope of the letter-missive
be interpreted by Mr. Woodhams as he
understood it.
Dr. Mooar— l presume I would be willing to
vote for the substance of the resolution but I
object to the form in which it is stated. It is
stated as though tlie letter-missive would be
interpreted by Mr. Woodhams. We would like
to hear what he has to say on the matter, but
it the province of the council to Interpret
the letter-missive as it thinks proper, and I
should not like to be restricted by his inter
pretation.
Mr. Woodhams— l do not wish to place any
restriction on the action of the council, i
should prefer to give my interpretation first
and then let the council bind itself.
After soma further discussion the mat
ter was laid on the table, and then Rev.
Mr. lenny made the following motion: '
I move that we hear Mr. Woodhams on the
letter-missive, leaving to our own determina
hall what the scope ° the investigation '
The motion received a unanimous vote.
Mr. Woodhams— l would like to present at
this time the complete statement that I have
prepared. I think it is necessary to present
tne entire statement to cover the matter under
discussion.
Amotion to this effect was made and
carried and Mr. Woodhams then read the
following statement:
Gentlemen of the Council: As the duly
elected representative of the officers and mem
bers of the First Congregational Church of
San J Francisco I desire to make the following
general statement concerning the matters that
it is thought ought to come before you for con
sideration and determination.
- our investigations and conclusions wiP
bear upon certain alleged charges, accusations
or rumors affecting the good name, iutegrity
moral conduct and ministerial standing of tile
pastor of this church, the Rev. Charles 0
Brown, D.D., and the case assumes an import
ance far beyond the usual incidents requir
ing the convening of a council, not merely on
account of the prominence and long record of
usefulness of the pastor attacked as a minister
of the gospel and the celebrity of the church
affected, but especially on account of the varied
nature and character of and multitudinous
incidents connected with and surrounding the
alleged charges, accusations or rumors," and
the unusual fact that one of -the principals, a
professedly pious woman, now awaits trial be
fore our Superior Court upon the serious
charge of extortion and the levying of black
mail upon the pastor of this church.
8 The direct charges, so far as any charges can '
be said to exist, have reference to two cases or
incidents and are not made to this church or :
any of its officers, but to the general public i
and principally through the medium of the
public prints. They first emanated from one I
Mrs. M. A. Davidson, now in custody, as above !
stated, on the charge of extortion and black
mail, and who is said to have been. in custody
for a considerable length of time in the East
for a criminal offense.
To be able to put. before you the nature of
these so-called charges it is necessary, as you
will see, to quote largely from Mrs. Davidson's
purported words on these matters. -
•ii vi st case or incident to arise was the so
called Overman case, with reference to which
Mrs. Davidson is reported iv one of our daily
papers of December 31, 1895, to have written
as follows:
Mrs. Davidson's statement was not read,
however, the council being thoroughly
familiar with the subject-matter. The
speaker then continued :
. very important branch of the so-called
Oveiman incident deals with the alleged Over
man letters, which were published in our
morning papers early in January of this year.
These letters as. they appear there— bald of any
explanation, and ln connection with the story
told by Mrs. Davidson— must be conceded as
likely to startle the feelings and stimulate the
imagin ms of many people, although they
are endowed with every conscientious motive,
and it is not to be wondered that some have
been unable to reconcile the astonishing
though ambiguous statements contained in
these letters with the innocence of the Rev.
Dr. Brown. But a complete refutation of any
charge or Intimation whatsoever contained in
these letters Is promised, and it Is expected on
the part of Dr. Brown to convince the world
that, notwithstanding anything contained iv
them, he is an innocent man.
The second or so-called Stockton incident ap
pears in one of the dally papers of January
1, 1896, where Mrs. Davidson Is reported to
have the following statement with reference to
the same: .'.''
I had known Mattie Overman some time, when
one day in a burst of Indignation she told me of
another event in Dr. Brown's life which convinced
me more than ever that he was a base hypocrite.
It was nothing less than an attempted assault on a
Mrs. Stockton. He was caught iv the very act,
however, and forced, under fear of exposure, to
give up the sum of $600.
These matters immediately became public
property through the medium of the daily
papers, and in the course of their dissemina
tion throughout the community have gath
ered the usual burden of sensational Incidents,
and have been the occasion of countless other
and additional rumors of different and various
kinds, some of which will no doubt dissolve
into the thin air whence they came on the con
clusion and determination of the alleged main
charge and accusation concerning Dr. Brown.
And this main and determining issue Is whether
the pastor of this church, the Rev. Charles O.
Brown, D.D. , has knowingly departed from or
violated any divine law, or rule of duty ; in other
words has he been guilty of the sin imputed to
him by these various matters and alleged
charges and rumors?
On December 'M, 1895, Dr. Brown procured
the arrest of Mrs. Davidson on the charge for
which she is now in custody, and this in the
lace of the positive knowledge clearly and for
cibly brought to his attention that such a
course would bring down upon his head an over
whelming avalanche of counter charges And
accusations of the character that have actualiv
come into being and enjoyed a lively and
harassing existence since that fatelul day.
Immediately following the arrest Dr. Brown
made and secured the publication in the San
Francisco papers of December 29, 1895, of a
statement. < 'ty ':
Dr. Brown also denied that ho had ever paid
Mrs. Stockton the sum of $000 or any sum I
whatsoever for the purpose of hushing up the !
alleged scandal or any purported scandal ;
whatsoever concerning Mrs. Stockton, and i
supports his statement by a long affidavit of ]
George D. Gear to the effect that said Mrs. |
Stockton had sought to blackmail Dr. Brown,
but that such effort had been unsuccessful.
With reference to the payment of the $500 |
to Mrs. Davidson Dr. Brown claims that he j
paid the money for the double purpose of se
curing positive and conclusive evidence of
Mrs. Davidson's guilt, and at the same time to
secure the name of the woman for whom Mrs.
Davidson was purporting to act as agent, as is
indicated by the receipt.
There have been many rumors current in
this community and elsewhere of so-called
divisions and dissensions within the church,
said to be the result of this unfortunate affair.
Therefore 1 think it only just to say that.the
members of this church have in general
merely held to their constitutional rights.
Congregationalists we well know do not.
think it wrong for one to hold arid express his
honest opinions and convictions. With re
spect to these alleged divisions and dissen
sions the fact is that opinion and conviction
differed as to the course that ought rightly be
pursued in the matter and if in the anxiety of
the hour expressions passed Indicative of a
dissenting mood or bitter spirit we should not
fail to consider the ordinary character of hu
man nature and make the proper allowance
for the conduct of our brethren.
It was natural, and perhaps on that account
not to be mentioned, or deplored, that In the
.course of events the small spark flrst kindled
should have been strongly fanned by the
furious treatment which the case has received
from extraneous sources, until it reached a
blaze ol considerable proportions, and became
a serious menace to the welfare of the church
and its people not, likely to be despised if con
tinued for any considerable length of time in
the future, for the consciences and feelings of
Christian people are especially tender and
easily susceptible to such attacks as have been
made upon their faith, so that they are unable
to endure delay and necessarily demand a
speedy clearing away of every imputation of
wrongdoing on the part of one of their num
ber. -i j..-- *■ -
Tho larger proportion of the church were
seemingly willing to permit the case to take
what seemed to be a natural course, although
they were laboring under great distress ou ac
count of the virulence of the charges against
the pastor of the church. They recognized
that the matter was not. an ordinary one, since
the prime' offender was resting in jail on a
grave charge of criminal import: and they
were impressed with the argument that the
rights of the people of the entire State de
manded that no stone be left unturned where
by a conviction of this person might rightfully
be had, if it should be fully disclosed that she
was guJHyof the extortion charged against
ner. They were willing also that the pastor of
this church should have ample time and op
portunity in which to clear himself ot a grave
charge or matter of rumor, which affected not
alone his immediate reputation and relations
to the people of this church but attacked the
very foundation of his life of usefulness and
service as a minister of the gospel.
There are many others who held conscien
tious opinions, and were opposed to any delay,
and those opinions have the respect o'i every
fair-minded person. They felt that the church
and the cause of- Christianity was being vitally
Injured by the delay, and tfiat only an imme
diate determination ol the matters or rumors
in circulation in the | community would con
duce to the welfare of the ~< church directly
affected, and of every person concerned or in
terested in the cause of Christianity. -
However, there was one point which all
seemed to have had in mind, and that point
was reached when this council was called by
vote of the church, and you gentlemen com
pose that council called by pastor I and people
to investigate and decide upon matters current
in this community/of a very grave and serious
nature. ;'-
The letters missive declare that these matters
affect the moral character and ministerial
standing of Dr. Brown. That is to tay the
question Is raised :
First— Has he been guilty of immoral con
duct, such as necessarily affects his standing
botn as a minister of the gospel and an honor
able man and member of this community?
Second— Has his ministerial standing, with
reference not only to the other churches of
this country, but with reference also to his
standing as a minister in this community and
to this church and people, been in any wise af
fected by these so-called charges and rumors?
In other words I deem It to be the duty of the
council under the letters missive to consider
and pass and advise upon every matter, thing
or point which if left unsettled can or would in
any degree reflect upon Dr. Brown and materi
ally bear upon his usefulness in this com
munity or elsewhere as a preacher of the woid
of God.
Dr. Brown is entitled to and should be pre
sumed innocent until proven guilty before
this council, and no point should be omitted
which is vital to his usefulness here, in the
event of this presumption being found to be
one of fact, lou must look to every possible
result in favor of or against Dr. Brown, and he
prepared to make every matter, and thing per
taining to these alleged charges, accusations
or rumors plain and as clear and translucent
as the light of a summer day.
There have been rumors prevalent to the
effect that Dr. Brown influenced the selection
of the churches and members composing; this
council. The facts are that Dr. Brown did not
influence In any way the action of the board
of deacons or any member thereof, and was not
even present at the session of the board at
which action was taken in this regard. The
Portland and Los Angeles churches were sug
gested by Dr. Blown, but events show that that
suggestion was not acted upon.
It is believed that the only other suggestion
made was with reference to the Sacramento
church, in which case the members of the com
mittee had already and in advance of Dr.
Brown's suggestion decided to invite that
church, and upon the recommendation of
other ministers of this City, together with
their own impressions ot the fitness of that
selection. These rumors are utterly without
foundation, and I believe that this church is
entirely satisfied with the selection made, and
that no more representative selection of
churches nnd delegates could have been made
for the purpose of forming this council.
In conclusion, 1 wish to make it clear that I
am not here to make any formal charges, nor
to particularly represent any so-called faction
or shade of opinion in this church. The church
elected me to represent it as a whole, and it is
my hope to be able to stand . fairly and im
partially for every kind and character ot opin
ion and belief existing in this church that
needs representation or spokesmen before this
council. My duty is to see, so far as it lies in
my power, that justice is done to pastor find
people in this trying hour. The church has
placed me in this position, gentlemen, to assist
you in your deliberations and in the examina
tion of "the various matters that maybe pre
sented for your consideration while in session.
And may all that we do or say have the ap
proval not alone of our own consciences, but
may the smile of divine favor rest upon and
illumine that course which we shall pursue.
On motion of Dr. Williams the state
ment was received and ordered filed with
the scribe of the council.
Rev. Mr. Hatch introduced the fol
lowing: '. • '
Resolved, That, as respecting certain am
biguities in the letter-missive, the council
adopts the interpretation of those who issued
the letters-missive in considering the scope of
Its Investigating power. ' It seems there are
two lines presented here from the suggestions
of Mr. Woodhams. First, the question as to
the alleged immoral conduct and ministerial
standing, and, second, as to the pastoral rela
tions and such things as would tend to vitiate
those relations.
A discussion ensued, and the resolution
was amended as follows:
Resolved, That as respects the letter-missive
the council adopts the Interpretation of those
who issued the letters-missive, as shown by
the statement of Mr. Woodhams, and considers
that it shall investigate the moral character,
ministerial standing and pastoral conduct and
pastoral relation of Pastor Brown.
Before the amended resolution was
voted upon Dr. Brown arose and spoke as
follows:
May I ask what my rights are here? Havel
not the right to be heard at any time without
the consent of the council?
Dr. McLean The council will have to de
cide that. Presumably you have the right to
be heard. The council should define and not
the chair.
Dr. Brown— l want the council to consider
that I stand before you, not only as the ac
cused person, but as my own counsel. That is
the claim I would set up. Touching the sec
ond resolution I am of the positive opinion
that the church has not delegated to you any
right to investigate what is covered by the
latter part of the resolution. :i.vy
The second, part of. that resolution would
I place in your hands a dragnet that would
I enable your body to go into the Herron and
• Strauss affairs. 1 ask you to consider my posi
i tion. Ido not believe the church has placed
any such power in your hands.
Dr. McLean— The council would like to know
from whomever it can what it is expected to
do. We have asked such a definition from Mr.
Woodhams, and Mr. Hatch's resolution simply
provided that we accept that interpretation.
1 understand that Dr. Brown challenges the
j Interpretation of Mr. Woodhams.
Dr. Brown— Mr. Hatch rightly interprets Mr.
Woodhams, and I distinctly challenge that in
terpretation.
Mr. Woodhams— l do not see how my inter
-1 pretation can be considered as a dragnet to
; draw into this investigation the Herron and
Strauss incidents. I nave stated what the
charges are that are expected to be beam.
There are other rumors that have grown out
of these two incidents and which were evi
dently in the minds of those who drafted the
letters-missive. If there are matters brought
in that do not pertain to these main charges
they should not be considered, but if they
do concern these main, charges or have any
connection with them they ought to be inves
tigated.
Mr. Hatch— l would amend by making it read
to hear also any charges growing out of the
main charges which would tend to affect the
existing pastoral relation. That would prevent
the council going in to any thing old or that did
not pertain to these matters.
Dr. Mooar— are three distinct points to
be considered. First, the moral character of
Dr. Brown as a man, then his ministerial stand
ing in general, and, third, his pastoral rela
tions to this particular body of Christians who
compose this church. There is a doubt about
the third point, to which I understand Dr.
Brown objects. >y '; y
Dr. Brown— l am very sure that in the re
marks made by Mr. oodhams he does not
represent the First Congregational Church. I
have been present and participated in every
NEW TO-DAY.
' B*^
What's that!
Others "just as
good '" as the MAN-
TELL cigar?
ue Not on your life
There may be a few
country dealers not yet
supplied with M/intells;
If so,, we'll send them
on approval —to be
returned at our ex-
pense if unsatisfactory.
THE WERTHEIM.ER CO., P., F„ Distributors.
motion brought up in reference to the calling
of this council, and no such thing asset
forth in these last remarks bat ever been
hinted at in any of our motions. Th-) moral
character and mi isterial standing of the
pastor were the only things mentioned. 1
think the church members can act en my re
lations with them. lam sure that the church
would rise in indignation if you were to inves
tigate my pastoral relations. .; • . .
Dr. McLean— Is the crucial point on
which everything turns and needs to be de
cided now. " It may be well for the council to
deliberate with Dr. Brown, Mr. Woodhams and
the committee of live to ascertain just what
the church desires us to do. The church has
the right to interpret the matter. .
A motion to lay the whole matter on the
table was carried, and another motion to
consider only the question* of moral char
acter and ministerial standing shared the
same fate. .'-*''
Rev. Dr. Hoyt moved that the council
adjourn to the library to deliberate with
the committee of the churcb, Dr. Brown
and Mr. Woodhams to ascertain what was
in the minds of the committee and the
church when the letters-missive were
drafted. This was carried, and after an
executive session of one and a quarter
hours those engaged in the conference re
turned and the council adjourned until
7:. p. m.
When the evening session opened Rev.
Dr. Hoyt lead in prayer, asking the
guidance of Jesus Christ in the approach
ing work of the council. The minutes of
the afternoon session were read, corrected
and adopted, and then Moderator McLean
spoke as follows:
It is not the province of this council to con
sider what is the best kind of investigation to
hold. The charter of our existence is in the
letters-missive. We have simply been trying
to define the language of the letters-missive
and get at what was expressed by those who
drew them up. I hope this will be entirely
understood. Tho letter may be defective. I
do not say that it is. But that we have noth
ing to do" with. We can only do the thing
that our churches sent us here to do.
Rev. Mr. Tenny then read the report of
what was decided upon at the conference
before the afternoon adjournment. It was
as follows:
Whereas, At a conference with the council
with the committee of the church wnuh
drew the letters-missive, with Mr. Woodhams,
the authorized representative of the church,
and Dr. Brown, the pastor, it appears,
First— That the question of asking the coun
cil to Investigate the pastoral relation of Dr.
Brown to the church was not discussed at the
meetings of the church which authorized the
calling of the council.
Second— That Dr. Brown himself signed the
letters-missive with tne understanding that
such investigation was not in the scope of the
council.
Third— That the natural and ordinary inter
pretation of the language of the letters-mis
sive would include this as a part of its work,
therefore.
Resolved, That the council interpret the let
ters-missive as cfilline only for the investiga
tion of the charges current in this community
affecting his moral character and general
ministerial standing.
This report was adopted and Dr. Pond
moved the appointment of a committee to
receive and formulate any charges against
the moral character of Dr. Brown. In ex
planation of the motion he said:
"I mean to receive from any source
whatever such charges or information as
bears on this matter."
The motion was adopted and it was
decided to have the committee consist of
three members. Before the committee
could be appointed Dr. Brown made the
following remarks:
I should like to ask this question. Whether
the motion now passed is in its nature manda
tory—whether this committee must receive
charges of any kind fromhny person, no matter
what his character?
Dr. McLean limitations will be made
later.
The moderator then asked for nomina
tions for the committee. Dr. Pond and
Dr. Moore were named, but both declined
to serve. Dr. Hoyt, Dr. Rader and E. C.
Williams of Oakland were finally selected.
Dr. McLean then asked:
Is It the will of the council to limit or define
the duties of the committee with respect to the
charges and the character of the testimony it
is proposed to consider and substantiate?
Dr. Freeland— That is the duty of the com
mittee. .■■' y-
Dr. Tenny— l object to that Interpretation.
Dr. Pond— They are to receive the charges
NEW TO-DAY.
CITttPARIS
CALICO
DEPARTMENT!
We are now showing a large
and varied assortment of
NEW SPRING WASH GOODS,
Comprising Dimities and
Lawns, at
12ic, 15c, 17Jc, 20c and 25c a Yard.
Choice English Novelties,
Ducks, Cheviots, Madras Suit-
ings, Honeycomb Cloths,
Galateas and
MANCHESTER CHAMBRAYS,
French Plain and Figured
Organdies,
Batiste Fancies, Grenadines,
Colored Piques, Plain and
Figured Dotted Swiss, etc.,
ALL BEING SOLD at POPULAR PRICES
FAACY WASH WAISTS !
We have Just opened our new
spring stock of WASH WAISTS
in all the latest styles and
materials Lawns, Dimities,
Percales, Batiste, Ginghams,
etc., etc.
Prices ranging from 85c to $2.5
6E HABLA ESrANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.and invite and entertain only such as can pre
sumably be substantiated. *
Mr. Parkinson— The committee should reject
all charges on the same line except one, and
should not bring in -half a dozen different
charges charging the same act.
l>r. Brown— l wish to object to one word
made use of by Dr. Pond. If a report is brought
i:: It will come in with the presumption of its
being capable of substantiation.
Dr. Hoyt— l think that this committee will
put in a very energetic protest against stand
ing as a bar to the bringing of charges ? lam
stranger here and how can i know the charac
ter of the people who make the charges. lam
sure that this committee will hesitate to fold
and. put away evidence and then take
the chances of* being misunderstood. If we
can receive charges ami simply present
the charges it is all right. But If we are sup
posed to hold out certain evidence and be
responsible lor doing so I certainly would not
be a party to such a proceeding. I would like
that our* committee be instructed to present
only such charges as they think have some
good testimony to support them.
Dr. Kadei Some of the committee object to
the clause which makes it necessary to do sift
ing. it would place us in a better position
with the public tot us to hand in all the evi
dence and let the council judge of it.
Dr. Brown— ln Its present form the resolu
tion would permit any person to hide his or
her personality. I think it would be unfair to
allow any person to smite me without my
knowing "who is performing the act. I ask that
the persons making charges should come be
fore the council to substantiate them.
After it was shown by argument that
the resolution implied such conditions as
mentioned by Dr. Brown it was adopted.
Mr. Williams— l would move that all charges
be preferred In writing: and signed by the per
son making them.
This motion was carried, and then it
was decided that the council hold daily
sessions from 2 v. m. to 5:30 r. m. and from
7:30 to 0:30 v. M.
Chairman Hoyt of the committee on
charges announced that the committee
would meet tins morning in the office of
Dr. Brown in the church between 9 a.m.
ana 11 a. m. to receive any charges that
may be ready for presentation.
At this point Dr. Brown called the atten
tion of the council to the fact that it had
not yet defined his status before that bod v.
. On the motion of Mr. Parkinson it was
decided that Dr. Brown have the same
right? before the council as those accorded
to any defendant who appears before a
civil court as his own counsel, in so far as
the council can take cognizance of his
standing. - .
Dr. Mooar— They who make the charges
should have the same rights, so that there
will be no inference that we are unfair.
Dr. Pond— l don't think we ought to restrict
ourse^es in any way. We ought to have
sanctified sense enough to know how to act in
any emergency that comes up.
Dr. Seudder— Does this give Dr. Brown the
right to cross-examine witnesses and witnesses
the right to cross-examine Dr. Brown ?
Dr. McLean— lf Dr. Brown makes a statement
it would be subject to cross-examination the
same as that of a witness. Dr. Brown will cer
tainly be willing to be cross-examined and the
witnesses should also be willing to be cross
exam i
Dr. Brown— The council ha* spent the day
thus far in laying down rules along which the
sanctified common sense of the council shall
run. You have thus tar been occupied in
placing restrictions on the council. i fail to
see the wisdom in stopping thus at a time
when it may result in my favor. 1 should be
t he first to claim that those who appear against
me should have the same right as l have.
I never heard of any trial where the defend
ant had not the right to cross-examine the
witnesses. No one but 1 can properly cross
examine the witnesses, as no one knows them
as l do and the nature and peculiarities of the
charges that are likely to be made.
The motion under discussion was carried.
Dr. Moo.tr— l move now that equivalent rights
be given to every person who through this
committee brings charges against Dr. Brown.
This motion was also carried.
Dr. McLean— suppose before any charges
are brought before the -council they "should be
placed before Dr. Brown, that he "may under
stand before hearing them before the council
what the charges are. That is common before
all courts, civil and ecclesiastical.
Mr. Parkinson— Any person who brings writ
ten charges against Dr. Brown should be re
quired to present two copies— for the com
mittee and one for the defendant.
This motion was carried without dissent.
Dr. Brown— l may be able to give you a little
help. I am tally prepared to meet all the
charges which have thus far been published In
the newspapers. I would like to fay a. word
with regard to a statement thai has been made,
probably without authority, in one of the
newspapers, for these statements made with
out authority are sometimes correct. It has
been said that the course of procedure in the
civil courts will be reversed, and that the de
fense vil] practically be put on the stand first
and the prosecution be allowed to close with a
grand finale. I think that the plan of intro
ducing evidence should be laid down here this
evening.
It was finally decided that the course of
procedure should be the same as that in
vogue in councils of this kind, and that
Messrs. Woodhams and Parkinson be
asked to meet with the committee this
morning to mark out and define the order
In which the case shall be conducted, and
that the decision of this committee shall
be reported to the council at the opening
of the session to-day.
A reading of the minutes was called for
previous to adjournment and exception
was taken to them. Dr. Mooar wanted a
correction of the rule adopted by which
the inquiry was to be limited to immoral
conduct. He thought it should cover
"conduct inconsistent with good ministe
rial standing." A motion to so extend the
scope was adopted unanimously.
Dr. Scudder moved that the. couiicil-at
large should decide what evidence was and
was not admissible. In other words, that
the committee of three should report to
tbe council all the charges or evidence
brought before it. This also was adopted.
Dr. Brown called attention to the pro
vision under which charges were to be
made and entertained by the council. He
said that Dr. Mooar's motion specified that
t he charges must be made by "responsible"
parties. That word was not in the motion
as reported in the minutes, and he thought
it very important that it be inserted— the
word "responsible."
The moderator called upon Dr. Mooar
and he said:
Yes, I did use the word responsible. I mean
that they should appear— that their charges
and testimony should be signed so as to make
them responsible.
This correction was made, and then Dr.
Brown asked the privilege of the floor—
for "just a moment," he said, "before ad
journment" — and it was granted. He
eaid :
I believe I stand now in a position that hag
no precedent in the history of the trials of
discipline of the Congregational church. In
all ordinary trials in this church the defend
ant is charged with something definite, ami la
accorded the right to hear the charge and
meet It. I come before you here— coun
cil of mv brothers in the church, having
no feeling against me— and I find that
the doors are thrown open to receive and hear
every slanderer and every individual who may
have a mind to wreak some personal spite.
Now do not understand mo as making any
objection to the course you have chosen. I
welcome it. But it seems to me that it would
have been a fairer way to have formulated
specific charges. Dr. Mooar's definition of
"responsible,!' as applied to the people I am to
be called upon to answer, is certainly a very
liberal one to say the least. Thus a mere.sign
ingol a statement makes the party "responsi
ble." I un, as I lay, not objecting to it, but I
would like to have it noted here that the doors
ere wide open and that I am to be called upon
to meet the widest possible Investigation.
There Is a woman, instance, who is now
in jail awaiting trial upon a criminal charge,
who is unable to account for long periods of
her life, Whose record where It is known in
other parts of the country is distinctly under
suspicion, who refuses to say whether or not
she has given birth to certain children— such
a woman may come, under this ruling, sign
her charges and be accredited.
I wish to repeat tbat i am not objecting to it.
1 welcome th* fullest and freest hearing that
can be had. lam prepared to face any and all
mv accusers.
When Dr. Brown sat down there, was
pronounced demonstration of applause,
Said the moderator when complete quiet
had been restored: .V9E99
What Dr. Brown has said is true, but on the
other hand perhaps this case is unique. No
other ■,-.• has ever come into the Congrega
tional church that is like it. It Is so in many
particulars. A city that is newspapered as
this Is, where every detail of the affair that has
led up to this has been taken up ana carried to
the four wind* of heaven, has widened the
Bt ope of the work of this council beyond what,
perhaps, it otherwise would. It has introduced
elements that it is nauseous to treat. This
council has come together at the instance of
the church affected.
The petition was signed by the pastor him
self. \\ c have come together as he has said, with
kindly feeling to do that which we. believe to
i- right. It is best for the church and for all
concerned that the questions already raised
should be met.
The attention of . the moderator was
called to the demonstration that had fol- j
lowed Dr. Brown's little speech, "The
decorum of this council has already been
broken." one member said. "If it is an :
indication of what is to follow we had j
much better decide at once to have our |
sessions in private." I
"That is true," said the moderator. "\\ c
have undertaken the performance of a •
duty, and the people who come here day ,
by day to listen to the proceedings must
understand that they must take no part in
them nor give expression to their sym
pathies one way or another. We must and
you must maintain the old English spirit |
of fair play. We must observe that j
decorum becoming to the proceedings of j
this solemn council and as believers in the i
triune God." ,", 
Rev. Mr. Williams said it was "hardly
fair to our brother. Dr. Brown, to hear i
charges that might be made of more recent ,
date than last Sunday— that is, that had j
not been referred to in the newspapers of
date prior to tiiat." He fixed the date
simply as a matter of form.
This was objected to. It was thought
that the simpler and more direct way I
would be to require any persons making
charges to furnish two copies, one for the
council and one for Dr. Brown, and then
give him twenty-four hours, or any other
proper time, to answer them. The Wil
liams motion was lost.
The council then adjourned, a notice be
ing first made that the committee of three
to hear charges would meet at once in Dr. j
Brown's study, where they would receive !
any who mix wish to meet with them. ;
This committee retired and remained in \
waiting for some minutes. No one ap- j
peared, and they also adjourned.
In the lecture-room a large part of the
audience or congregation remained for
some time discussing the events of the
evening. Dr. Brown's hand was shaken
many times by men and women.
Miss Overman was also greeted more or
less cordially by many as they passed.
She looked up courageously at councilmen
and members of the congregation alike.
Mrs. Cooper, who sat in the front row
during the evening session, remained
until nearly the last, together with a
coterie of her friends.
In the midst of a scene, not exactly of
congratulation, but of encouragement, Dr.
Brown was told that "Mrs* French, over
there by the window," wanted to see' him."
Mrs. French was a part of Mrs. Cooper's
coterie. Dr. Brown went over, and Mrs.
French demanded to know of nim why he
had foisted Mrs. Stockton upon that pro
gramme with Mrs. French. Dr. Brown at
tempted to reply, and Mrs. French
answered him, and the debate was attract
ing a crowd, when Dr. Brown stopped and
said he would not discuss the matter.
"Come over here and I will talk to you,"
he said.
They went away from the crowd and
discussed the matter for some time. Dr.
Brown's argument in his own behalf was
that he "thought Mrs. Stockton had re
formed at the time he attempted to put
Mrs. Stockton on the same bill with Mrs.
French."
Mrs. Cooper was asked last evening if
she intended to prefer charges against
Brown. "I have a statement to make
which is already prepared," she said. "I
have indicated that to the council, and it
will be heard. I have no formal charges
to make."
SAM RAINEY IS REACHING.
Putting Politicians in the Mint
and Working to Control
the Junta.
Ed Lanigan Stays by Himself and Is
Suspected of Friendship With
Rainey.
The Junta's battle with the Rainey-
Daggett part of itself is causing late
nightly conferences in the back room at
the headquarters in the Flood building.
Chairman Sullivan, Max Popper, Samuel ■
Braunhart and Gavin McNab are a quartet ]
into whose presence the political lieu
tenants go.
The leaders mentioned think that they I
have the organization safe from Rainey's i
control. Rainey, however, is reaching out
deftly for more power. Within two or
three weeks he has secured places in the j
Mint for three Democrats of political '
value to himself, and in several districts i
the Rainey-Daggett element is preparing |
to make an effort to increase its strength
in the new general committee to be chosen j
at the primary next week. So the anti-
Rainey powers now in control of the ma- |
chine must prevent Rainey from electing j
too many delegates from the various dis
tricts, and arbitrary dictation as to how
many delegates this element may have is
resorted to on the ground of expediency !
and self-preservation.
The war in the Forty-fourth is still hilt •
to hilt and savage. Chairman Sullivan i
slicks to his decision that George Max
well, who is running things here fori
Rainey, may elect but twelve of the twenty
five delegates. Maxwell declares that he i
will run a ticket of twenty-five names, and |
if they are elected, as they would be with- '
out fail, he will demand the seating of i
them all according to Democratic princi- j
pies. This promises to be the outcome in j
the Forty-fourth.
If it turns out that way there will be
contesting delegations from the Forty
fourth before the general committee at its
first meeting soon after the primary, and
that issue will serve as an exact measure
of the Rainey-Daegett strength in the or
ganization. It would be an occasion like
that in the old committee last October j
when Buckley was the issue and A. A. !
Watkins was elected chairman, giving the j
organization temporarily to the anti- j
Buckleyites.
Ed Lanigan figures in this situation, but i
nobody knows just how. Nobody seems j
sure of where this ambitious bosslet is or |
where he will be pretty soon. Lanigan is \
a sort of an independent factor yet. He j
controls twenty-three of the delegates from j
his own district and .has a considerable
scattering strength, giving him between !
forty ana fifty votes in the present general j
committee. . Now, if Lanigan should com- j
bine with Rainey and Daggett that trio
would come pretty near controlling the or- .
ganization. Rainey and Daggett have I
about 125 votes at present and Lanigan's !
strength would make a hard combination |
to beat. The anti-I'aineyite* figure Lani- ;
Ran with Rainey in speculations on the j
situation to bo on the safe side. Lanigan
rarely ccmes to Junta headquarters. He |
attends to his own politics elsewhere and j
waits to see what to do when the time
The Rainey people have a majority in
Popper's district— the .Thirty-eighth—
they are fiercely charging on Braunhart
in the Twenty-ninth. Braunhart once
controlled that district when the party
was united. Then Charles McCourtney
and two or three others became strong
rival district leaders. When the recent
split over Buckley occurred Braunhart
was supposed to control the anti-Buckley
faction without question. He named
twenty-five nominees for the general
committee the other night, but the Rainey
and Daggett elements, led by Nat Seelig
of the Mint, are out for a battle with
Braunhart, and a bitter district war has
developed.. Seelig has nominated six ad
ditional names, and there is much talk
that the Raineyites are getting a lot of
Braunhart's nominees away from him and
expect to beat him out in the end and run
tho Junta faction in that district them
selves.
The light against Rainey is becoming as
interesting as the fight against Buckley
was before the divorce.
Accused of Colibery.
Willett McDonald, 25 years ot age, and Cor
nelius Harrington, 24 years" of age, were ar
rested last evening in the Mission and charged
with robbery. They are accused of having in- >
duced Christian Kaucho, who was under the
influence of liquor, to go into a barn on Jersey
street, where they robbed him or a silver
watch. ■ • <-'yy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
COL. TRUMBO ON UTAH.
He Believes the New State Is
Destined to Be a Great
One.
HAS MILLIONS IN HER MINES.'
The Smoke of the Campaign Has
Cleared Away and the People •
Are Ready to Labor.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo of Salt Lake City
is again in San Francisco and it cannot be
said that he gives any evidence of disap
pointment because the people of Utah re
fused to reward him for the years of labor
he has spent in their interest by sending
him to the United States Senate. A Call
reporter ran across the Colonel >at the
Palace and learned that matters had al
ready pretty well settled down in the new
'State. , ': * \. , . r• - ■ ' -
"We are going to make the greatest
showing heard of in the West," said he in
response to an inquiry as to what the out
look in Utah was.
'.'lt has been known all along that in
mineral resources Utah was endowed as
COLONEL TRUMBO HAS FAITH IN UTAH AND HER FUTURE.
: [Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
no other State of the same area. Her pop
ulation, however, has never been a specu
lative one. On the contrary the teaching
and practice have ever been toward hus
bandry ana the possession of the soil as
the guarantee of permanent prosperity
and ot good citizenship. But the founders
knew that minerals abounded in Utah.
Yet it may be well doubted if even the
best posted dreamed of the wealth of re
source und the boundlessness of variety
that were to be found within the confines
of what is now the State of Utah.
"I remember hearing an earnest young
Mormon, while discussing the possibilities
of industrial development that awaited
the then Territory, make a statement that
I have never forgotten, because it showed
such unlimited confidence. At the time
in question the sentiment of the East was
that the coinage of silver was the cause of
our financial troubles, though the repeal
of Sherman's purchasing clause of the
silver bill was not then generally thought
of. Said he: Tt makes no difference what
the world wants, Utah will be found ready
to supply it. If it be lead, copper, silver.
sulohur, salt, or any other mineral, we
have it here, and have it in boundless
quantities, and easy of access. In time
the world may demand that gold alone
shall be the money. When that day
comes, though but little is now known to
exist here, that metal will be found in
places so near and quantities so great that
all the world will marvel, while Utah will
be the richest and the fairest State in all
the Union, despised as she is to-day.'
"Since the discovery of gold in tne new
fields at Mercur, I have often thought of
what has since seemed like the prophecy
of that young man.
"The possibilities of development in the
Mercur gold belt seems absolutely bound
less. The camp is not over twenty miles,
if that far, from Salt Lake as the crow Hies.
Already it has six or seven properties pro
ducing from $10,000 to $10,000 in gold per
month, and by another twelve months
there is no reason why 'there should not
be thirty mines producing all the wav
from $25,000 to $100,000 per month in gold
each.
"The formation is a disputed one, but it
seems to be limitless in extent. So far the
ore has been discovered wherever
depth has bcjn attained, while the vein or
deposit is simply marvelous in extent
and thickness. lam told that in the Sun
shine mine they have ten acres of solid
ore. Their drifts, tunnels, shafts and all
their workings are in ore. Tho vein has
been traced to cover an area said to be
forty miles in extent and five to ten miles
in width, and some declare that it is as
wide as it is long. The same formation
covers a vast area, and the values charac
teristic of the particular spot where the ore
is being taken from at present in 'paying
quantities are found at widely apart, points
and in various places in this area. Another
significant fact, and one that adds to the
present value of the camp, is that the ore
runs higher in gold as greater depth is at
tained. .-..,.
"The Golden Gate, a group of claims
owned by the mining king, Captain Dela
mar, is about to erect a mill that will han
dle 500 tons of ore a day, and it has been
asserted that some of this ore runs about
$500 in gold to the ton. All the other
properties in the camp are adding to their
mill capacity, while many new mills are
contracted for on properties that have as
yet not been producing, but which are
now ready to yield up the precious metal.
"The effect ;of these recent discoveries
has been to greatly increase the j spirit of
confidence begotten of. the initiation of
Utah into statehood. It has also excited
greater interest on the part of capital in
the East, which has, been chary about
taking even • tempting investments in
Utah, owing to the distrust attaching to a
Territory and especially to Utah, caused
by the peculiar conditions so long existing
there. , Then the fact that the -sentiment
of the people of Utah has been shown to
be in harmony with the Republican doc
trine of assisting, through State help, in
the upbuilding of necessary industries,
has also given capital greater assurance
than hitherto had in -that locality. Of
course, to those familiar with the history
of the Territory and tne teachings of its
great men thatlocal industries should be
fostered, it was only a question of time as
to when Utah would be a rock-ribbed Re
publican State. That it has come so soon
is a mark of intelligence on the part of her
people ana a gratification to those who
have stood sponsor for her assured Repub
licanism in a future, which happily is now.
the present.
"All these facts convince conservative
minds that the immediate industrial fu
ture of Utah is brighter than that of any
Other Western State. Her resources, great
and varied as they are, are destined to an
early and vigorous development, and these
will be followed by the introduction of
many manufactories of which she is quali
fied by the existence of resources ard by
the presence of a population that will war
rant the undertakings.
"I am satisfied also that the new State
will note a rapid and a great growth in
population, which will extend to the agri
cultural classes as well as to mining and
to skilled labor in the many manufactur
ing industries that are destined to be in
augurated in the near future. It must not
be thought that Utah is exhausted agri
culturally. She has several great canals
that are in course for construction and
which will increase the agricultural area
materially, while the field for the intro
duction of capital into -other, irrigation
systems than those already begun or in
contemplation has hardly been ap
proached, much less exhausted. '
"Utah is filled with valleys and the cities
nestle along the base of the mountain
ranges that hem in these beautiful valleys.
Out of the gorges and canyon defiles that
lead into the valley from the mountain
fastnesses are innumerable streams. All
these are being harnessed and utilized for
the generation of electrical currents that
will furnish power and so minimize the
cost of manufacture and the supplying of
motive power. Besides, Utah has limitless
coal fields, so that the power must be
cheap when electricity can supplant coal
in a region that has coal at its very door.
"On the widely extending knowledge of
these facts, and numberless others that are
in line with them, the people of our new
State are looking forward to a. steady
though rapid growth, which will result in
an era of development and prosperity the
like of which we believe has never been
known. in the West.
"Railroads?" queried the colonel, in
answer to the question as to Utah's alti
tude on the absorbing California question
of the Pacific railroads. "You can put
Utah down as being with California in the
fight you are making. Utah is with you
in this and all similar fights first, last and
always."
CUSTOM-HOUSE SCANDAL
Moore Still Hunting Up Evidence
Against Interpreter
Williams.
W. W. Foote and Assistant District
Attorney Schlessinger Have a
War of Words.
There were few developments in the
! Custom-house scandal yesterday. Special
l Agent Moore and staff are still hard at
work hunting up evidence against the ac
cused interpreter, Richard Williams.
Moore and Collector Wise had a long
conference yesterday afternoon. It was
all over the Williams affair. Several wit
-1 nesses gave testimony relative to Wil-
I liams' connection with the landing' of
Chinese girls at this port. There was
nothing more damaging against the in
terpreter than the stories that have already
been made public. Anyway, there is a
general belief in Federal circles that Wil
liams' official career, so far as the Custom
house is concerned, is at an end. Now that
he has been temporarily retired, pending
the consideration of the evidence in the
case by secretary Carlisle, there is little
hope that he will ever be restored to the
full confidence of the Government authori
ties. The case is now virtually in the
hands of Special Agent Moore.
The case of Martin Moore came up be
fore United States Commissioner, Hea
cock as was expected yesterday morning,
and went over for one week. The contin
uance was at the request of the special
I agent, who is anxious to have the case
I brought before the Grand Jury for investi
j gation. He may also make the same effort
] in connection with the Williams matter.
W. W. Foote and Assistant District At
torney Schlessinger had a spirited discus
sion in the office of the latter over the
f Cleary case yesterday morning. The emi
| nent attorney accused the Government
prosecutor - with attempting to smother
I the case so that the defense would be un
able to present its witnesses.
This insinuation the voting attorney in
dignantly repudiated, and for a little time
there was a hot exchange of words. Mr.
; Schlessinger's friends about the Federal
j building entertain only the highest opin
ion of him as a fair and impartial admin
| istrator of justice, and consequently the
j reflection cast upon him was widely dis
cussed among them.
Attorney Foote is hot after Moore's
j scalp and is working jointly with the cus-
I toms authorities to have it removed.
J. Ross Jackson's Illness.
Mrs. Jackson, wife of J. Ross Jackson, the
journalist, and Mrs. Rafael,, her daughter,
went to Gilroy yesterday to see Mr. Jackson,
who was reported to be 111 there. Mr. Jackson
went to Gilroy several days ago. lie has not
been in very good health for some : time, and
has in consequence been under treatment by a
physician. y
Ellen Terry is passionately fond of chil
dren and delights in telling them fairy
stories.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Troublous Voyage of the British
Steamer Monowai From
Sydney.
FOUR MEN PLACED IN IRONS.
Two ;. Barkentines Which Are Sup
posed to Have Gone Down in
Recent Gales.
There was trouble on the British steamer
Monowai during her trip from Sydney
(N. S. W.) to San Francisco, via AucKland
(N. Z.), Apia (Samoa) and Honolulu (H.
I.) While the vessel was in Australia the
men on the steamers of the Union Steam
ship Company were on a strike, and as the
Monowai is owned by that line, but char
tered to the Oceanic Steamship Company,
her crew also went out. The vessel was
moved out into the stream and her cargo
put aboard there, while a crew was picked
up along the quays.
The men thus shipped were not so good
as they were represented to be. During
the voyage the firemen could not hold the
steam on the boilers, and in consequence
the Monowai only averaged from 200 to
270 knots a day, when she should have
made 320 knots. Her being so much be
hind time is thus explained. Two of the
forecastle hands refused to handle coal
when ordered to dc so by Captain Carey,
but after bring twenty-four hours in irons
and fed on bread and water they gave in
and went to work. A stowaway also re
fused to work and he also was put in irons.
One of the firemen got insolent and
struck the fourth assistant engineer when
that gentleman reprimanded him, and he
also was subjected to a diet of bread and
water. Six Americans, who had failed at
the- goldfields of Coolgardie, worked their
way back on the steamer and they proved
themselves to be the best men in the crew.
The steamer Zealandia, under charter to
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
sailed for Panama and way ports yester
day. She had in tow a very heavily loaded
lighter, which seemed to carry ail the bay
before it. The steamer went out under a
slow bell, and water-front men said there
would be trouble if ever heavy weather
was encountered. The Zealandia took out
a full cargo, but very few passengers.
The City of Peking got in from Hong
kong via Yokohama early yesterday morn
ing with the following cabin passengers:
Admiral Makaroff, P. B. McLeod, H. F. La
verge, K. Tshi, Captain Axededo, Contrubo K.
Sharp, Z. Ono, Lieutenant Mouaes Alelda, J. F.
Bullman and T. Aokl.
There were also fifty Chinese in the
steerage and fifteen Japanese. Among
the Chinese there is only one woman and
she is supposed to be consigned to Lee
Gee, the head of the new Chinatown ring.
The City of Peking was 24 days and 5
hours from Hongkong. On the first day
out from Yokohama she.ran into a storm.
Her decks were swept and four of the
deadlights were smashed in. Admiral
Makaroff, the junior admiral of the Rus
sian Asiatic fleet, rendered valuable assist
ance during the gale. He is on his way to
Petersburg on waiting orders.
Captain Wallace of the steamer Walla
Walla is back from his trip East. He was
welcomed home by all his water-front
friends yesterday. He was the delegate
from San Francisco harbor to tbe annual
convention of the American Association
of Masters and Pilots. Captain Wallace
will resume command of the Walla Walla
on her next trip. y".y'yy "-• SvS.V
The rate war now raging between San
Francisco aud Portland, and San Francisco
and Puget Sound ports, is to be extended
to Alaska. The Pacific . Coast Steamship
Company is preparing to carry the war into
Africa, and in a few days a new rate
schedule will go into effect as follows:
From San Francisco . to Sitka, first class,
$23, second class, $13 50; to Juneau, $20
and $11; to Wrangel, $18 and $10. As the
Lakme is cutting freight rates to Puget
Sound points, the same company has re
duced its prices from $3 a ton to $1, and in
future that will be the ruling rate. There
is now more freight offering for the Uma
tilla than she can carry.
For the Alaska trade the Al-Ki has been
thoroughly overhauled. The steerage has
been entirely remodeled, and there is now
splendid sleeping quarters, a dining-room
and a separate sitting-room. The cabin
has been built up, and there is now room
for seventy additional first-class passen
gers. A smoking-room has also been built,
and also a social hall. : The engines have
been repaired, and when the new Al-ki
meets the Willapa, which is running in
opposition, there will be a tug-of-war.
The battleship Oregon will not be ready
to dock for three months. Her turrets are
not in place, and until they arrive and are
arranged she will not be got ready for her
trial trip."
Captain Buchanan of the schooner Alex
ander, which arrived here on January 20
last, is of the opinion that the barkentine
Xantippe is lost. The latter was on her
way to Victoria, B. C, and Captain Bu
chanan says that when the Alexander
passed her the Xantippe had main, mizzen
and jigger topmasts and her foreroyal
yard down. Captain Buchanan's opinion
is that the Xantippe, having had a passage
from England to San Jose of ISOaays. and a
long delay there discharging, her bottom is
foul. This, combined with an insufficiency
of ballast, may account for her long pass
age. Ballast in San Jose costs $9 per ton
in currency at thai port, put alongside of
the ship.
The barkentine Discovery, now out
twenty-eight days from Port Gamble, is
also on the doubtful list. She may have
been caught in the recent storms and
driven out of her course, but her owners
think she will turn up all right. She was
lumber laden, and therefore not likely to
go down.
A BIG LABOR MOVEMENT.
Some of the Objects and Purposes
of the Late Union Con
. vention.
The Socialists Will Gladly Join the
New Workingmen's
Party.
The preliminary work of the recent la
bor union convention is still a theme of
conversation among the laboring classes.
The proposition for the laboring men to
enter politics as an organized body is such
a radical: departure from all previous
movements that it has caused much serious
thought and discussion. Those who have
always affiliated with the old parties look
with some question upon the policy of
making such a move, and this conserva
tism may be manifest at the next meeting
of the convention.
There are a few of the conservative ele
ment who, it is expected, will attempt to
call a halt in the course being pursued.
One of these last evening stated that while
he was in favor of everything in the order
of reform and progress, he feared, that
there would be those who would oppose
any further attempt to take labor unions
into politics. He said that it would be
difficult to take many men of many politi
cal parties and join them in one party, and
added: .
In the labor unions are Republicans, Demo-
crats, Populists and other parties, and each
man will endeavor to have his party selected
to represent the laboring classes. Now, there
was a disposition manifested at those two
meetings by the radicals to discard all of these
old parties and throw the force of the laboring
people into the Socialist Labor party. The
laboring men are not ready for so radical a
change, and I don't think they will stand it.
If the leaders go into politics for men and
measures without regard for party they will
stand a better show for success, but we are not
ready for the Socialist Labor party yet. To
be successful they should keep the unions and
politics apart. Let an auxiliary political party
beiiormed such as there Is in the East and have
every union send delegates to it. In that way
the labor unions can do politics and not in
terfere with their union work.
C. F. Schadt, R. T. Mclvor and others
prominent in the convention in discussing
the foregoing remarks said that the argu
ments were like setting up straw men tor
the pleasure of knocking them down. Mr.
Schadt said:
I am sorry that any one should have failed
to comprehend the situation as presented the
other day. In the first place, there Is no at
tempt to force the labor unions into the Social
ist Labor party ranks. It is against the prin
ciples of socialism, which is a growth— an ad
vancement—and not an agitation.
Now, what is proposed is this, and Ido not
hesitate to make the purpose known: In this
movement are laborers who are determined to
take action in politics in order to regain their
rights, which they cannot secure by setting
around idly or being led by the nose by politi
cal bosses.
Now to the point. Let these laboring men
come out boldly and say who they will and
who they will not vote for— in other* words
form a party— and the Socialist Labor party
will stand by the laboring man's party. if they
will put trustworthy men to the head of the
proposed party the socialists of this City, and
there are between 9000 and 10,000 here, will
stand by the new party individually and as an
organization. By so doing the socialists will
be living up to their principles and consider
that they are advancing the cause.
In substantiation Mr. Schadt cited an
instance that happened before an election
several years ago. A trades-union con
vention was called, but when it wa3 dem
onstrated that it was in the hands of a
few too conservative labor leaders, the
progressive element, composed largely of
men of socialistic principles, left in a body
and that same night joined the People's
party. It is proposed to so carefully con
duct the present movement that there will
be no bolting.
Among the progressive element that
promises to rally around the banner of a
new labor party is the Lathers' Protective
Union that was organized . last evening.
For many months past the old Lather's
Union has not been prospering, and the
membership gradually dwindled down to
about fifteen who were in good standing.
The progressive spirit manifested by the
recently organized Building Trades' Coun
cil aroused the fire of the lathers, and a
call was issued for a reorganization.
Last night fifty out of the seventy lath
ers in this City responded to the call, ana
the new union was formed. Every one
joined the union, and it is believed all but
half a dozen will soon be enrolled. A rad
ical departure in the formation of the new
union v/as that the bosses are eligible to
membership, and of the fifty there were
fifteen bosses.
P. H. Kerrigan was selected as president
and N. B. Russell as secretary, 'the other
officers will be selected later. The follow
ing committee was selected to form a
constitution and by-laws: T. Devillers,
John Zeigler, Peter Rivers, Henry Potter,
William Dowling, M. Nichols, William
Patee, John Dorrigan, Edward Moulton,
William Starr.
COURSING AT NEWARK.
The Drawing for the Meeting Will Take
Place To-Xight.
Next Sunday's coursing at Newark
promises to afford rare sport. As The
Call has always paid special attention to
coursing tne committee in charge of the
new park has asked for a mention of the
novel features to be introduced. The com
mitteemen in their communication say:
For many reasons coursing has never been as
popular in this State as it should be, but we
hope to change this state of affairs. No ex
pense has been spared to make our inaugural
meeting a grand success in every way and we
hope you will attend.
A new grand stand has been built especially
for the ladies, who are to be our guests, as we
realize that without their assistance it would
be difficult to score a success. Therefore, you
.need not hesitate to bring your lady friends, as
the utmost respect will De shown them iv
every way, and you may be sure they will en
joy the trip. The boat leaves foot of Market
street at 8:15 a. m., and returning arrives at
ti p. M. Fare, round trip, $1. Lunch served at
the grounds.
Many exciting trials will take place, as there
is a keen spirit of rivalry among the owners of
the noted dogs. Several famous greyhounds,
notably "Diana," have been sent from St.
Louis and other Eastern cities, in charge of
trainers, to compete at this meeting.
The club offers, in addition to substantial
money prizes, a beautiful silver loving-cup, to
be known as the "John Grace Challenge Cours
ing Cup," iv honor of our upright judge who
is as well and favorably known to Eastern
coursing men as he is to his fellow-members.
The drawing for this meeting will
take place Ibis evening at Shiels building.
32 O'Farrell street.
The population of Japan is now esti
mated at 42,000,000. In the extent of her
territory Japan now stands next to Spain.
NEW TO-DAY.
Broken
These are goods from our
w m wholesale stock. Being
I /f^*M C* "broken lots" and "odd sizes"
mmmmal\ m J L<v3 we can't put them in the retail
BJaMBBaHBBBBBfIi stock, so offer them at "Broken
Prices."
AT BROKEN
PRICES. _____
»
CHILDREN'S SUITS.
4 Years and Upward.
Our . . The
Wholesale Broken
Price. Prloe.
$2;^ |iia|iiiiiiii CtO-00
3-ooJ
$3~\ .._._. <fcO-50
4-ooj H>*-
s4:^\ ---^v. ; _.. 0.00
5 .00j"-.:-—."— •••••••^>o—
BROWN^^
. Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon €:'?;> Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETArLED
At Wholesale Prices >
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts,
ALL BLUE SIGNS
AFTER SEVENTEEN YEARS
Paderewski's Secretary Sued on
an Ancient Bill for
Dry Goods.
DENIES ALL RESPONSIBILITY.
Dresses for His Wife Were Ordered
by Her Manager, Who Agreed
to Pay.
Some wonderful feats of memory were
accomplished in Justice of the Peace Ker
rigan's court yesterday during the trial of
the suit of J. S. Reid, assignee of Verdier
& Co., the dry-goods merchants, against
Hugo Goerlitz, the secretary of Paderewski,
the great pianist.
Witnesses recalled word for word inter
views of a business nature that tooK place
seventeen years ago, and even remem
bered the hour when the conversations
took place to within fifteen minutes.
Samuel M. Shortridge appeared for the
defendant, and under his examination and
cross-examination the following story was
brought out.
. In 1879 Mr. Goerlitz and his wife were
traveling through San Francisco to Europe
from Australia, when Mrs. Goerlitz, who
was a singer of rare merit, was asked by
Frederick Lister, a theatrical manager, to
sing the leading role in "Pinafore." He
agreed to furnish all the necessary cos
tumes and accessories in consideration
that for a stated period he was to receive
all the receipts of the venture.
At the conclusion of the period men
tioned Mrs. Goerlitz was to be paid a per
centage of the profits.
Mr. Goerlitz had no interest whatever in
the production, merely acting on the part
of his wife and Mr. Lister in arranging for
the opera.
"Pinafore" under the Lister management
was not a great success and Mrs. Goerlitz's
prospective share of the proceeds did not
materialize. Then, in spite of the fact
that the head dressmaker of the dry-goods
house had an understanding with Mrs.
Goerlitz that Mr. Lister was to be respon
sible for the payment for the costumes
that were ordered, collectors were sent to
hunt up the prima donna's husband to
demand payment of the account.
In order to satisfy them and prevent
their hounding him Mr. Goerlitz, though
asserting that he did not owe the bill,
wrote to the firm promising to do all he
could to have the bill paid. Mr. Lister
failed, and it seems never paid the account.
The testimony of the witnesses for the
plaintiff, a collector to whom the account
was assigned, bore out the contention of
Mr. Goerlitz in many respects, but they
denied that an understanding had ever
existed that Mr. Lister had agreed to be
responsible for the bill.
Mr. Goerlitz frankly admitted that his
recollection of events that happened sev
enteen years ago was not of the best, and
he failed to recognize a once prominent
singer who was brought in by the plaintiff
to testify to certain matters tending to
show that the defendant had been identi
fied with the management of the theatrical
enterprise.
The* other witnesses for the plaintiff,
however, showed an extraordinary fresh
ness of memory regarding the hours when
they conversed with Mr. Goerlitz, and also
in relation to the language used at the in
terviews, in spite of the fact that seventeen
y tars have intervened since the transac
tions took place.
As an important witness, the head dress
maker, who, Mr. Goerlitz says, conducted
the negotiations regarding the costumes,
was not on hand, a postponement was
requested by the counsel for defendant
until she can be brought into court. The
case will go on to-morrow at 2 p. m.
•T never bought the goods in question,"
said Mr. Goerlitz; "they were ordered by
Mr. Lister, who had contracted with my
wife, not with me, to furnish her necessary
costumes for the performance. Upon my
recent arrival in San Francisco I learned
of this old account. I was advised that
neither in law or conscience was I liable
for this bill. I was willing to pay it, how
ever, to save my wife's name and to pre
vent Mr. Paderewski from annoyance, for
an attempt was made to 'bring him into
court. But somebody was hunting noto
riety, and hence this suit." , r . ./,
The farmers near Hamilton, Ohio, say
that large numbers of small grasshoppers
have appeared, and that they are as lively
as though it were the regular season for
grasshoppers.
910
A TURKISH WAR HERO
Arrival of the Russian Admiral
G. Makaroff, Fighter and
Inventor.
HAS BATTLED ON MANY SEAS.
The Best Way to Keep Great Ships
From Sinking in Times of
Peace or War.
Rear-Admiral S. Makaroff, the hero of
the Russo-Turkish war, formerly com
mander of the Russian fleet in the Med
iterranean, and lately commander of the
same fleet in the Pacific, is at the Cali
fornia.
lie is on his way to take command of
the Russian squadron in the Baltic.
Rear Admiral Makaroff is one of the
most famous men in the Russian navy.
He has been in many great battles at sea,
and has won promotion in many instances
because of his signal bravery. j
Besides a great fighter he is an author
Rear-Admiral S. Makaroff, the Noted Inventor and Hero of the Kusso-Turkish
War.
-and inventor, known the world over. His
inventions comprise bulkheads of his own
contrivance for preventing ships from
sinking, cushions for rams on warships, so
that at times of peace they may not acci
dentally injure other vessels, and many
other contrivances.
His whole life, when not fighting, has
been given in a large measure to a study
of how to prevent ships from sinking.
The famous rear-admiral was here
thirty-four years ago, when a midshipman
in the navy. It was in 1664, at the time of
the civil war. It will be remembered that
Russia, with a feeling of friendship toward
the United States, sent two vessels to this
country, one to New York and the other
to San Francisco. The rear-admiral,
then a youth of 14, was aboard the latter
vessel.
He has had many thrilling and danger
ous experiences in the different waters of
the world since then. He was given the
rank of lieutenant for the invention of the
collision mat and received two promotions
during the war -> i*h Turkey. He was first
made captain. of a corvette and then cap
tain of a frigate. The reason of the first
captaincy was because he was the first man
to hoist boats with torpedos. The promo
tion to the second position was because he
attacked and subdued a Turkish fleet in
its own harbor. . y
After that he made a specialty of attack
ing the fleets of the Turks in their harbors,
and, as all readers of naval history know,
sank many vessels.
His last voyage around.the world was as
commander of the Victory. The voyage
was begun in ISSG and ended in 1889, and .
was for the study of the temperature and
specific gravity of water. For his work
then he was made chief of artillery in the
Russian navy. He took four years and
wrote a book called "The Victory and the
Pacific." It is in Russian and French and
contains all bis conclusions in regard to
temperatures and specific gravities.
It is customary for the Russian Academy
of Sciences to each year award prizes to
the authors of the most valuable scientific
books issued during the year. In 1894, the
year the book came out} the admiral re
ceived the first prize. . ;,yV .
Before the rear-admiral sailed from
Hongkong on the City of Peking, on which
he reached here yesterday, he delivered an
address before the Hongkong Chamber of
Commerce on devices for minimizing the
effects of collisions at sea. There were
present many notable men from the navies
of England, Germany and other countries.
The address attracted great attention. •
» The rear-admiral says that after avoid
ing collisions altogether, if possible, the
second and most important thing is to
minimize the damages that may occur and
the third is to have water-tight bulkheads.
The admiral is a very entertaining con
versationalist. In an interview last night
he said:
If we cannot accept guns, capstans, winches,
etc., without trial, why then do we accept
bulkheads without trial? I propose that when
a ship has been fitted with engines, boilers,
water-tight doors and everything else which
cannot be damaged by water, a trial of the
bulkheads should take place by filling the
compartments with fresh water to the upper'
part of the bulkheads.
This trial ought to be made in the presence
of competent officials, who should certify that
the bulkheads are strong enough to withstand
the full pressure of water, and that they are
water-tight. This trial over, the boilers, cylin
ders, pipes, etc., can then be covered with the
usual non-conducting composition and the
cabin fittings put in their proper place. . Prob
ably all this work will occupy a week or so, but
the loss of time will be amply compensated for
by the ship being guaranteed absolutely trust
worthy in this respect. If the collision takes
place upon one of the main bulkheads two
compartments are filled with water.
In order to avoid this I propose that each
main bulkhead should be supplied with e^tra
small water-tight compartments at the side of
the ship, from ten to twelve feet wide. Then
the collision would only affect one bulkhead
of these small compartments, and the result
would be that instead of two big compartments
being filled with water only one big "compart
ment and the little one would be flooded. The
fourth remedy for preserving the safety of the
j ship consists of a means whereby leaking may
; be stopped.
Twenty-five years ago I proposed the use of
: collision mats; one of them was exhibited at
the Vienna Exhibition, and every man-of-war
; of every nation has them now. Lately I have
; improved the apparatus, but although they are
j invaluable on men-of-war I do not think they
i will be ever accepted for merchant ships, be
cause in order to use them to advantage the
crew must be regularly drilled. I do not say
the mats are useless for commercial ships, but
there are now more important improvements
which have prior claims to our attention.
Now I return to 'the second remedy. The gen
eral opinion is. that the colliding blow is so
very powerfuljthat nothing can mimimize the
effect of it; but I can give proofs that even
when the force of the blow is comparatively
slight the skin of the ship is penetrated. It is
a matter of fact that the vertical stem acts as
a knife and that very little energy is required
to penetrate the skin of the ship which is run
into.
We know, for instance that the Crathie, the
steamer which sank the big ocean liner Elbe,
' was of very small dimensions, and struck
when she was going at a very moderate rate of
speed. Everybody knows that the Elbe went
to the bottom in a very snort space of time and
only a few of the passengers and crew were
I saved. I was witness to a similar case in the
! Bosphorus. A Russian steamer, Azove, touched
j a big French mail steamer, the Provence. The
': speed of the Azove at the moment of collision
i was noj more than two or three knots, but her
i stem made a hole in the skin of the Provence,
j and the latter immediately went to the bot
i torn.
A big ironclad of 10,000 tons ramming at
five knots speed gives a striking blow of 15,000
foot tons, while the muzzle energy of one 12
inch projectile is 20,000 foot tons. You know
very well when you propel the projectile with
this energy one way the gun and the carriage
are thrown with the very same energy into the
opposite direction. Should nothing be ar
ranged to withstand this blow a lot of damage
would necessarily follow. But hydraulic buf
fers easily absorb this energy In a space of two
feet, and really the shock is scarcely felt on
board the ship.
The rear-admiral has yet other ideas in
regard to how to prevent the loss of great
ships. He has devoted a great deal of time
and attention to the subject, and is one of
the foremost men of his time in investiga
tions of this kind.
He is now 43 years old, and is a fine type
of the Russian commander, being a giant
in size and in every way of striking ap
pearance.
He will be in the City several days, and
will visit the 'Tni->n Iron Works, if he can
do so, and see tne process of ship-building
there. He will also visit the Lick Ob
servatory on Mount Hamilton.
FAIR CHILDREN'S CLAIMS
They Will Be Sold Under an
Order Made by Judge
Slack.
Collateral Inheritances Which Will
Be Bought at Their Face
Value.
The interests of the minor collateral
heirs to the Fair estate are to be sold.
Judge Slack issued the order yesterday in
pursuance of testimony previously given
and of an affidavit sent from Ida County,
111., by Thomas E. Fair, father of the
children whose interests are to be sold.
This bears out the statement made by
The Cam. two months ago, and vocifer
ously denied in certain quarters.
In his affidavit Fair says that owing to
the failure of crops and the low prices of
farm products for several years past, his
income from the farm has been very small,
and he has become involved in a consider
able amount of debt and has been forced
to mortgage his farm in order to meet the
actual expenses of his family. He says
further that all the children are living
with him and are dependent upon him for
their support and education.
There are no schools near his house,
affiant says, and owing to his financial con
dition it frequently happens that those of
the children who are old enough to work
upon the farm are detained from school in
order to assist with the farm work. He
says his wife and himself are both very
anxious that, their children be afforded
better opportunities for education and ad
vancement in life than it is possible for
them, with their limited means, and if the
minors can come into their estates, affiant
will be enabled, from the income there
from, to provide more suitably for his
children. SaUWfflM
But if, as is quite possible, the estate of
James G. Fair be involved in litigation,
and remain undistributed for years, the
opportunity to attend schools and to take
full advantage of the legacies will have
been passed and the principal value of the
legacies will be lost. The affiant therefore
prays that the court allow the interests to
be sold, provided, however, that not less
than $1111 11 be accepted for each.
No action was taken in the cases of the
Lundy children, as no affidavit has yet
been received from their parent, and Judge
Slack is unwilling to order their interests
sold until such affidavit as to their finan
cial condition' be forthcoming.
Teamsters Arrested.
The police last Wednesday warned all
drivers of heavy vehicles found on Golden
Gate avenue and notified by circular all truck
men and draymen that the avenue had been
declared a boulevard by resolution oi he Board
of Supervisors. A few days*, grace was to be
allowed before making any arrests and yester
day it was decided to take action. As a result
George McGrath, teamster; M. Compagno,
teamster; Julius Garnaud. laundryman, and
G. h. Hetty, teamster, were arrested. They
were released on giving $5 bail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
THE GALLAGHER BEQUEST.
How Miss Margaret Nugent
Copied the Draft of the
Will.
MEMORIAL BRICK IN WALLS.
Chief Justice Windeyer of Australia
Bobbed Heads With Superior
Judge Hunt.
The Australian and American judiciary
sat together in judgment when Justice
Windeyer and Judge Hunt occupied the
bench in the latter's courtroom yesterday
morning. His Honor from the antipodes
made the rounds of the City Hall early
in the morning and sat through a session
in Department 5 of the Superior Court,
where the Ellen Gallagher will case was
being tried. The visitor noted carefully
the proceedings and expressed himself as
highly pleased with the system and digni
fied movements of an American trial court.
The "Hanging Judge" of New South
Wales, as he is called, with his strong,
intellectual face, looks every whit the
firm, unbending judiciary in the seat of
justice.
In the opening of the case of P. J. White,
administrator of the estate of Ellen Galla
gher against Denis Nugent et al., Mr.
Hayes stated that the amount of the trust
funds or donations in the hands of Denis
Nugent at the commencement of the suit
was $24,000. Since then, under permission
of the court for the protection and closing
of the building, $9000 of that sum had been
spent.
Miss Margaret Nugent, sister of the de
fendant, was called to the stand by plain
tiff for rebuttal. Witness testified that she
copied from a rough, ill-spelled draft, Mrs.
Ellen Gallagher's will, at the request of
the testatrix. This was in Mrs. Galla
gher's room and nobody was present ex
cept those two.
"After you had copied that memoran
dum," asked Mr. Henley, "what did you
do with the original paper?"
"I do not know. Ido not remember."
"Did you give it to Mrs. Gallagher?"
"I do not remember what I did with it."
"Is your mind a perfect blank as to what
you did with it?"
"I do not remember."
"You remember that there was no one
present but yourself and Mrs. Gallagher?"
"Yes. sir."
"Did Mrs. Gallagher ever speak to you
about that memorandum?"
"I do not remember."
"Did you evei say anything to your
brother Denis about this?"
"No, sir; I never said anything to him
about it. The evening it was signed I told
him Mrs. Gallagher had made a will."
"Did he know of it already?"
Objection was made and overruled and
the witness answered:
"No, sir."
The witness could not swear positively
as to what days her brother was at Mrs.
Gallagher's, house, but was sure he was not
there the day she signed her will.
'Had you ever had any conversation
with Denis Nugent about the execution of
the will?" asked Henley.
"No, sir; I did not."
"Did you ever hear him say anything
about the execution of any will by Mrs.
Gallagher?"
"No, sir."
"Did you ever hear her have any conver
sation with him about the disposition by
Elien Gallagher of her property?"
This question was objected to as imma
terial and not rebuttal.
The court— l will allow it as a matter of
discretion.
"No, sir," answered the witness.
Mr. Henley— Did you ever have any con
versation with Denis Nugent in regard to
the disposition by Ellen Gallagher of her
estate, or her property or money.
Question objected to upon the same
ground; objection overruled; exception
taken.
"No, sir."
"Did you not know, for some time prior
to the death of Mrs. Gallagher, that she
was disposing, by purported gifts, to your
brother of large sums of money and prop
erty?"
"Yes, sir."
"Ana that never was mentioned between
you and your brother?"
Question objected to as leading; objec
tion overruled ; exception taken.
"I knew she was giving money to build
the church."
"I- will ask you if this had not been
made a matter of talk between you and
your brother, Denis Nugent?"
Mr. Campbell— l object to the question.
There is a distinction between conversa
tion about disposition of the property and
whether or not they talked about her giv
ing the money.
Mr. Henley— Was this matter ever talked
about? Did you and your brother Denis
ever hold any conversation in respect to
the disposition of the money and property
of Ellen Gallagher? ; *
Mr. Campbell— l object.
Objection overruled ; exception taken.
"Yes, sir, I knew she was building the
church."
Mr. Henley— Am I to understand by
that that you did talk about the disposition
by Ellen Gallagher of her estate with your
brother?
"Yes, sir; I knew she was giving him
the money for the church."
"Did you talk with your brother about
it?"
"Yes, sir, in general."
"Frequently?"
"Yes, sir." y
The witnese stated that on the Monday
after Mrs. Gallagher's death she got- the
will out of ; a drawer in the deceased
woman's room and gave it to Denis Nu
gent. She did not remember the general
contents of the will, excent that it left
$2500 apiece to several nephews and nieces
and $5000 in trust to the brother in Ireland.
In the cross-examination by Mr. Camp-
Bell she said that Mrs. Gallagher, before
she died, went down to the unfinished St.
Rose's Church and placed two bricks in
the walls, one for her husband and one for
herself. ■:'■ >-"•'.':■ ■ ,-■
Attorney Kearney forjtbe plaintiff in the
opening argument assailed the motives of
the defense with such vigor, and went into
the religious merits of the case so deeply
that the main fact of the question was lost
sight of. At the close of bis remarks Mr.
Campbell moved' that the defense follow
the lead of the plaintiff and submit the
case without argument.
Mr. Henley, however, took up the argu
ment and held that the burden of proof
lay upon the defense. They must show
that no undue influence was brought to
bear upon Mrs. Gallagher when she made
her will.
Mr. Campbell will address the jury this
morning, followed by Mr. Henley for the
closing. ;■ ' ■ ■ .
IS NOT APPEALABLE.
Some- New Points in Probate Law
Outlined.
The Supreme Court, in dismissing the
appeal from the order of the lower court,
setting aside the appointment of a guar
dian ad litem and a petition for the revo
cation of the probate of the will of Anna
M. Hathaway, has outlined an interesting
point in the law of guardians. The order
setting aside the appointment of a guar
dian is not appealable, the Supreme Court
says. A guardian is appointed by the
court, and that and his removal are under
the control of the court in which the case
is pending.
The order dismissing the petition for
revocation of probate is also not appeal
able, for the Supreme Court says: Aopel
late jurisdiction in such probate matters
may only be provided by law. and
while Section 963, Code of Civil Proced
ure, authorizes an appeal from an order
revoking the probate of a will, it does not
authorize an appeal from an order deny
ing the revocation of probate or dismissing
• petition therefor. y
INSPECTED A SITE.
The Mayor Has Selected » Pesthouse
Location South of South San
. Francisco.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors paid a visit yesterday
to the site selected by Mayor Sutro for the
Pesthouse. The block is situated on the
bay shore south of South San Francisco,
and while considered a choice spot so far
as danger to the City is concerned, it is so
hard of access, on account of the road lead
ing to it, the members of the committee
gave It as their opinion that unless the
road is vastly improved the site will not do.
The Hospital Committee of the Board
of Health made an attempt to reach the
proposed site, but failed because the
vehicle conveying the party broke down.
Secretary Godchaux was gazing despair
ingly at the wrecked carriage when Her
man Schussler, the engineer of the Spring
Valley Company, happened along and in
quired: what the trouble was.
He acted the good Samaritan/for in his
buggy was a plentiful supply of ropes and
other appliances intended for just such
emergencies, and he soon had the health
officials' carriage in a fair condition to
return to the City.
The committee of the Supervisors will
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Steamer Corona, After Which Little Baby Seidel Will Be
Named.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
discuss the matter at its next meeting and
report to the board on Monday.
RATES BY THE ISTHMUS.
The Panama Railroad Com
pany Issues a New
Schedule.
Westbound Tariff on Freight Is Not
Changed, Though Trouble Is
Brewing.
The Panama Railroad Company, through
its general agent, E. H. Hinton, in this
City, is issuing circulars giving rates of
freight from New York, Boston, Philadel
phia and Baltimore and points common
with each to San Francisco. This new
schedule does not show any reduction on
the old rates. It shows, however, that the
truce very recently established by the
Panama and Pacific Mail corporations is
not working as pleasantly as was antici
pated at first. The Panama Company was
not able to satisfy the Pacific Mail and C.
P. Huntington,- its guiding beacon, and
now it has come to pass that the former is
endeavoring to get a share of the business
in freight from Eastern " cities to San
Francisco. The schedule is as follows:
Effective February 15; 1895, and good until
Ap*il 1, 1896, unless sooner revolted, the fol
lowing will be the
Class rates to San Francisco from New
• York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore
and points common with each, and slso
from points common with New York:
1 2 3 4\ 5 , ABODE
113 105 98 90 88 88 80 80 80 80
Subject to the Western classification.
Commodity rates from the foregoing points
to San Francisco will be the same as -. Sunset
Tariff No. C. 12 of March 5, 1895, with all sup
plements thereto, less the following discounts:
One-quarter off less than carload rates and
one-filth off carload rates. Observing mini
mum of 40 cents per hundred pounds, $3 will
be the minimum charge for any bill of lading.
Subject »o the following exceptions on cargo
from New York only:
' , . , Per 100 lbs.
OU, in barrels, or cases (not petroleum). In car
loads • ; ...60c
Soap, common, in carloads ....:.... BOc
Tobacco, smoking, in boxes or kegs, any quan
-™? ,•••••• 90c
Tobacco, plug, in packages weighing 60 lbs. or
more, each 80c
Dry goods and clothing, rated in Sunset tariff
above referred to, will take rates therein
contained ...Less Vs
It may be noted that commodity rates
are put upon tho same basis as the Sunset
route— C. P. Huntington's Southern Pa
cific Railway. This is regarded by local
railway men— exclusive, of. course," of the
Southern Pacilic peoDle — as significant in
view.of latest news from New York, which
has appeared in The Call, as follows:
"Trouble has broken ont again between
the Panama Railroad and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. The Panama road
charges that traffic which should have
been turned over to it by the Pacific Mail
Company at Panama was diverted to the
Southern Pacific Railroad. The Allianca
had to make its last trip from Colon to
New York entirely without cargo.
"The Panama road, under its contract
with the Pacific Mail Company, operates
vessels on the Atlantic, while the Pacific
Mail conducts the vessel service on tho Pa
cific. The Pacific Mail asserts that it had
so much business } for Mexico Central
America and the west coast of South Amer
ica that it could not take business for New
York via the Isthmus of Panama."
Suffering From Delirium.
Bernard O'Dougherty, 15 HubDard street,
created a sensation yesterday afternoon in the
neighborhood of Howard and Hubbard streets
by rushing around attired only in an abbrev
iated garment. He : had attracted quite a
crowd of small boys, who were running alter
him. Policemen Clisharo and Tyrrell appeared
on the scene and. after an exciting chase, cap
tured him and took him in the patrol wagon
to the Receiving Hospital. He [ was suffering
from delirium tremens.
2 In all the States- Christmas Is a legal
holiday, and in South Carolina the two fol
lowing days are also holidays.
ON THE ROLLING DEEP.
Ethel Corona Seidel Born on the
Steamer Corona Last
Tuesday.
MOTHER AND CHILD ARE WELL
The Family Was on the Way to San
Francisco From Humboldt
Bay.
A welcome little stranger came into the
world at 1:40 a. m. last Tuesday morning,
who, if she grows to womanhood, will
have hard work explaining just where she
was born. It was on the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's steamer Corona,
but in what latitude and longitude is not
exactly known, as Captain Doran had no
means of ascertaining, but it was not very
far from Point Arena, and with that the
little woman will have to be satisfied.
The child was not expected until the
latter part of next month, and the mother
was afraid it might die. As there was a
clergyman on board the christening took
place, and the baby was named Ethel
Corona Seidel, the latter being the family
When the Corona left Eureka among the
cabin passengers were A. C. Seidel and
wife. The latter was seasick almost from
the time the steamer left Humboldt Bay
and she crew gradually worse until 11
p. m. on Monday. Captain Doran was no
tified and was at first inclined to be angry
with the husband. When he saw the
anxiety on his face, however, he relented
and at once had the bridal chamber, the
most commodious quarters on the ship,
placed at Mrs. Seidel's disposal. There
little Ethel Corona was born and there she
spent the first twenty-four hours of nerlifrj„
When Mrs. Seidel was first taken sick hrff
husband seemed very anxious to keep hv
name from the captain. When asked
what it was he answered, "W. May."
When seen on the wharf after the steamer
had docked he said it was "A. C. White."
However, it only took a few moments to
find out the true name of the couple, as
the number of their stateroom had to cor
respond wtth the purser's passenger list.
Afterward he explained that his anxiety
was due solely to the fact that he did not
want it known that his wife had given
birth to her first child at sea.
Mrs. Seidel is a very pretty little woman,
probably not more than 18 or 19 years old.
Just as soon as all the passengers had left
the ship her husband brought down an
ambulance and a doctor. The woman was
removed into the former, but what was
their destination no one could find out.
Will Not Support His Child.
Mrs. Maggie Laura Daly filed a complaint
against her husband, Richard F. Daly, charg
ing h lm with failure to provide for their seven
year-old daughter Lillian, yesterday She
stated to General McComb, of the Society for
_^_ NEW TO-DAY.
*'"^^TOl"^^r" mmm '" 'Q^er HPHE traits most ad.
/lilke^Y^ J (3^ mired in men and
*.i^33ivL\ •<**w^ women; in men,
lt\v strong, vigorous, wholesome manhood ;
*%\ in women, beauty of face and figure.
iqyugJ^ l^ It is the foundation of the vital struc-
ture that makes strength and beauty.
It is usually inherited, and frequently wasted in excesses and
dissipations.
To men and women who have found their vital strength
waning there is a fountain of health, a well-spring of renewed
vitality in
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
That source from which to many men and women have gained
the happiness of their lives, the fullness of vital force, which
keeps all the vital organs of the body in good health.
Every day some grateful man woman speaks the praisei
of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. You may if you will try it,
! 'Three Classes of Men," the little book, with prices and full in.
formation, free. By mail it is sealed. Call or address.
| SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
j 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
S Office Hours— 9 to 6 ; evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to IS.
I Portland. Oregon, Office. 253 Washington Street.
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, that
her husband left . their home, 1151 Harrison
street, ten months ago and has since been con
sorting with improper characters. He was
once employed by a detective agency, but is at
work at the Concrete saloon.
THE CHESHIRE CHEESE.
Pewter Mug for Bohemia From the Fa-
mous Tavern of London Town.
Alex G. Hawes and Joseph D. Redding,
who are well known in San Francisco,
have been visiting some of the places in
London town which possess significant in
terest to readers of English literature.
The following letter from Colonel Hawes
came to Charles Josselyn yesterday :
The other day Joe and I were dining at the
old Cheshire Cheese, the haunt and habitat ol
Dr. Samuel Johnson and of. Goldsmith and
many others of note in English literature. It
was from here while the bailiffs were outside
waiting to nab Oliver Goldsmith that Dr. John
son carried the manuscript of the "Vicar of
Wakefield" and sold it to a publisher for £60
and thus kept the poor chap out of quod.
We sat In the corner where the ponderous
Samuel and Boswell and a select circle used to
sit. The pewter mug even looked as if it might
have furnished the better beer for the doctor
and his confreres. So we had it inscribed and
send it to the Bohemian (Hub as a souvenir of
the Cheshire Cheese and of Dr. Samuel and of
our visit to London.
The oid tavern is by far the best preserved
and most interesting of all similar places in
London. They serve a bird pie here and also
"stewed cheese" which will knock any liver
silly. We both join in the request that you
present the mug to the club in memory of that
old bohemian whose honor we drunk, draining
it from his own chair in his favorite corner.
It goes forward by express, addressed to you
at the Bohemian Club. Sincerely yours.
Alex G. Hawes.
The pewter is inscribed on the side,
"The old Cheshire Cheese." On the bot
tom is this inscription: "Alexander G.
Hawes and Joseph D. Redding, dining at
the old tavern in London town, January
17, 1896, confiscated this mug to the use of
their thirsty brethren of the Olympic
Club." - -y"
In due time Mr. Josselyn will announce
when the formal presentation to the club
will take place.
• ♦ — •
The Quarterdeck Abolished.
The difference between the modern steam
vessel and the old-time sailing-ship is
marked in many ways, one of which is the
post of command.' On sailing-shins and
the earlier steamers the captain's and the
officer's post was on the quarterdeck,
which was as far aft as it was possible to
go. On the steamer of to-day the quarter
deck is abolished, except as a promenade
for passengers, and orders are given from
the bridge, well forward of amidships, and
sufficiently elevated to give a view of the
vessel from stem to stern. This is fre
quently as high as the maintop of a sail
ing-ship, and except for the stormcloths
that surround it in winter, is fully ex
posed. Ocean steamships have no covered
pilot-houses, as the sound and river steam
ers do, but on the bridge, where every roll
of the ship is exaggerated, the captain and
his aids maintain their constant lookout,
while even at that height they are occa
sionally drenched with spray.— New York
Tribune.
The principal synagogue of London
Hebrews is in St. James place, Aldgate.
There are other synagogues at Chichester
place, Bayswater; Great St. Helen's,
Bishopsgate; Great Portland street, Maid
en lane, Covent Garden; Margaret street.
Cavendish square; John street, Barns
bury; St. Alban's place, Haymarket and
near the Walworth road.
XEW TO-PAT.
CHEWED A TON.
After Three Years S. D. Robey,
M.D., Reports His
Cure.
f
His Professional Advice to His Fellow-
Sufferers : "Take No-To-Bac sad
Be Yourself Again."
lf^)T~~\ You are a tobacco
Jt-rrr-T — >« user?
.^^f-^ET-X why? ? ? ?
[ J— I I { Pi Can't give any good
- - I I I I I reason, except that
— —Mr— - hi I <•!— I Oh, I
F II 1 1 1 jj, learned when I was
RoT 1 Li_JJ4w£ aTh world moves,
fjfi I » U4-'b3£ The world n>o v «»»
J /^Ao- -Ml "J I \f\n\- science evolutes, and
*/] vv^ WWiJWft'l^'"' i 8 il not reasonable
4 U_Jyfcr^^iM?^Pjthat a cure shoul !be
7 *T c; n^3 'tfrhyZfi discovered for the
L^J> V&jVjf ™ |Sf, tobacco habit? There
777/ Vr lis one— only one— Xo-
l//(\. ~^^<\ \\s^ To-Bac— and it is *'•*-
-'-yX^C^S^ sc.'.utely guaranteed.
"XS^- Thousands have been
red, and millions will be, if they only know
how much good it will do for them. Is your
condition any worse than Doctor Kobey s7 lie
was cured long ago, and writes under late date
as follows :
THIRTY POUNDS HEAVIER NOW.
Sigell (III.;, September 23. 1895.
Gentlemen: I write you a note in praise of
o-To-Bac which I took* nearly three years ago.
I had been using tobacco nearly 50 years. The
liabit had grown on me to such an extent that
it required a pound every ten days. It so af-
fected my nervons system that I could. not
sleep, had no appetite and was used up gener-
ally. On the ldth day of January, '93, 1 com-
menced the use of No-To-Bac and gained 15
pounds the first month. No-To-Bac entirely
destroyed my desire for tobacco, and I have
not tasted the vile weed since. I am now 30
pounds heavier than when I used tobacco, and
I would like to say to every one who uses
tobacco, "Take No-To-Bac and be yourself
again. Very respectfully yours,
L. D. ROBEY, M.D.
Are you a sufferer from disease that you long-
to cure and ail the time using tobacco? No-
lo-Bac is sold by your own druggist under
absolute guarantee of cure. Start your new
manhood to-day. Get our booklet "Don't To-
bacco Spit and Smoke Your Life Away." Writ-
ten guarantee of cure and free sample mailed
for the eskiug; Address Tho Sterling Remedy
Co.. Chicago or New York. ■
k the asking. Address The Sterling Remedy
, Chicago or NVw York.
AUCTION SALES.
I At Auction
TUESDAY-
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 25, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace HoteL
Investment
Properties!
1 w h R H Vpßa\ 2 3m db ■
I iSgJUi tlGui
A GRAND PIECE OF
SUTTER-ST. PROPERTY,
Known as the
South Side of Sutter St., 41:2J£ East of
Jones St., Lot 65x137:6 Feet.
RENTAL $800 PER MONTH.
This new and elegantly constructed 5-story
modern hotel building, T
"THE ALEXANDRIA,"
Contains everything known to architects for
the convenience of patrons of a first-chus
family hotel; it is subdivided into 120 sunny,
cheerful ami pleasant rooms, comprising grand
halls, elegant r. ion-rooms, parlors, hiiliar
rooras, family rooms, fn suit or single; fin* eleva-
tor; in the basement Is a complete outfit for tbo
elevator: laundry appliances, and everything that
the demands require for a strictly first-class houie
or if desired the building is well arranged and can
be rented for olllces. Doctors, dentists, artlsls and
all professional people are making Sutter st. the
great headquarters, resort and thoroughfare for
every profession useful to the human family. For
a professional not to be located on Butter st. Is to
be out of the swim.
Is, family rooms, for an investment: a rare
a the basement is a complete outfit for too
tor; laundry appliances, and evervt'uug that
eiuands require for a strictly tirst-class house
lesired the building is well arranged and can
nted for olHces. Doctors, dentists, artists and
ofessional people are making Hotter St. the
headquarter-, resort and thoroughfare for
profession useful to tho human family. For
fesstonal not to be located on Sutter st. Is to
t of the swim,
inline this property for an investment : a rare
'Minify for a large piece of Sutter-st. property
a chance once a lifetime.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE
And Lot 137:6x137:6 feet, on north line
of Broadway, 137:6 feet east of Fill-
' lore street— the very apex of Facifie
[eights.
This elegant mansion is one of the choicest
homes in this city; contains 18 rooms, comprising
Beautiful Parlors. Reception-rooms, Library, Bil-
liard Koom. Elegant Dining-room and several
Bedrooms, Grand Hall; frescoes and elaborate or-
namentations throughout the residence; We ant
grounds, with stable for several horses, and' the
grand and imposinc view of san Francisco bay.
the Islands, the Marin. Sonoma, Napa nnd Contra
Costa Hills, and a constantly moving marine nan-
orama-view unequaled In the world.
The Mansion and Stuble and the entire lot, 137-B
feet, will offered or an entirety bay
the Marin, Sonoma, Napa nnd Contra
and a constantly moving marine pan-
oneqnaled In the world.
ion and stable and the entire lot, 137:6
, will bi offered as an entirety or
THE BEST 50- VARA
For residence in the city; north line of Broadway
between Webster and Fillmore streets,
In Four (4) Large Subdivisions— 34-41 - x
137:6 Feet,
Reserving the improvements. A more perfect and
sightly location for a home cannot be found In the
city. The homes of our best citizens surround this
mansion and grounds. Broadway is bituminized
and in splendid condition. Car accommodations
to every portion of city.
Improved NW. Corner Fillmore and
Jackson Streets.
Improvements consist of
8 FRENCH FLATS,
Of 7 and 6 rooms and bath and a bav-wlndow
residence of 9 rooms and batb. This is one of tha
choicest locations on Pacific Heights. The prop-
erty is in quick demand for renting at all times-
surrounded by streetcars, accessible to any por-
tion of the city. Examine this for an investment.
Full rents $235; lot 98:4%xl00 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS 50-VAR A LOT,
South line of Valle.V) street. 137:6 feet east of
Fillmore. This is a grand location for a handsome
palatial residence. Elegant and choice neighbor-
hood. The grand view associated with the Pacitio
Heights is enjoyed by this property. Eot 137 ;«x
137:6 feet. Car accommodations every where. '
Mission Residence Lots.
Last line Fair Oaks, north of 25th St.— Two ele-
gant and sightly residence lots; choice home sites;
25x100 and 25x125. BUM «
Ridley, nr. Market and Guerrero Sts.
south line (No. 437) ofßldley st., 140 feet east
or Guerrero; house of two tenements: rent -, 9-
Castro and Valencia cables: lot 25x100 feet. *
Mission— Grand Corner Lot.
NE. corner Guerrero and 27th sts.; elegant cor-
ner; all ready for building; choice location- ex-
amine this for a home lot: 27x80 feet; also adjoin-
ing on 2. th st., with large warehouse almost full
size of lot; lot 20x77 feet; S. F. and S. M. cars.
lyy Bernal Heights Lots.
In Gift Map No. 3-Ten lots, bounded by Fow-
baitan. Bank and Butler or Folsom street's; fine
view; must be sold; 10t5 35x70 feet.
For catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers,
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
MTERSATIOJAL HORSE MARKET? '
Corner of Twelfth and Harrison Streets
■•■£»' &* £& fe :
A great chance to get a well bred horse for a
small price. \V. P. McCord will sell to the hizhe.it
bidder 40 homes, 16 head from Revile Chief
French spy and the celebrated horse Mack- ped'-
gree netting; 16 of the best Mason Valley horses
and some large draft slock, THURSDAY Fehrii.
ary 50, 18i>6. Don't forget tne day. ' bfUANOTHER FAST YOUNGSTER
Greyhurst Was Away Poorly, but
. Ran Around His Field, Fin
ishing Second.
QUEEN FLAMBEAU AT 40 TO 1
Tenacity Again a Winner at Long
Odds— Sam Leake Nosed Out
Lizzie If in a Drive.
That the death of the imported English
stallion Martenhurst was a great loss to
the thoroughbred industry of this State
was again demonstrated at Ingleside Yes
terday. Coupon, by the dead sire, is* ac
knowledged to be the best two-year-old
yet shown up in these parts, and a gray
son of his went to the post for the first
time in a half-mile dash yesterday that
was only deprived of winning brackets by
an unforeseen incident at the post. The
youngster was Greyhurst, and so good bad
he shown in private trials that stable
money cut his odds from fours to an 8 to 5
favorite at post time.
Eleven started in the field, and they
were sent away by the Australian gate.
1 nose at the post say that when the bar
rier was raised Lamle, who had the
mount on the gray, seemed to be seized
with an attack of starting-machine fright
and almost fell off his horse. At any rate,
the field was well under way when Lamle j
set sail after it. Mowing them down,
one after another, he passed all but the 40 ;
to 1 chance, Queen Flambeau, who headed
him out. a length in :50}£. The start for
the others, with the exception of one, was
perfect, and the blame attaches to the |
riders alone. j
It v.-c another ideal racing day. But for
a cooling ocean breeze the weather might I
have been called oppressive. The mem- |
bers of the cripple division warmed un in
i
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
cvF oev0 ev ? nth Da X of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Incle
* side Track. San Francisco, Tuesday. February IS. i 896. **
BACK— Four tur!onKs;
ing; two-year-old*: penalties; puree $400.
641 Been Flambeau. PS 3
Grejrbnrst 100 8
St. Dunatan 101 1 5
fiis7 |R«1 Panther 98 3
698 i Ijndendaie.. .. 98 1
(6X7) ! Innle-Mde 1051 9 ....
657 iLorUChesterfield.lOl! 4
Vivo 1011 6
Cyrus Kin? 101! 7 I
D. J.Tobin 101 10 '
..I Fannies 9S! 11 |
Index.
liorsp, weight.
Is, I
Vi
j 3 /2 j 3 .i
j I 3 h
94
41
1H
:::::::: 7%
I 8 4
■ 5 n
62
10 -jo
11
I Sir. I Fin. I Jockeys. Jo^"' ll^
' Sir. j Fin. j
4 h 12 |E. Jones ..20 30
6 1 2 1 : 1 arule 7-2 8-5
3li 1 3V 2 Garner 4 12-5
2 1 ! 42 Pigeott..... 10 SO
IVs 5h jFrawley 10 20
.75 . 61 .J. CUorn 6-2 . 9-2
5 4 74 . I D0nne11y....... ! 6 I .
H 8 3 foacJy." I 5 10
9 910 McHugh 15 50
10 1020 McClain ...15 50
11 11 ■ H.Martin 15 50
Jockeys.
Winner, C. J. Quiuns b. f., ty Flambeau-Queen Begs. Starting-gate used.
A( B— Six f ßelongs; selling; thre^-year-olds: oonditious; purse $400.
ndex. j Horse, welcht. 1 .-;. J,i %
f696 !.<amLctkc 112 2 lv
6?1 1. -? .• a 105 1 3h
UsH 'i'.que 105 6 4V 2
693 .Little .l;rainie....lo7 9 9 '
8451 Edgemount 110 4! 6h
69K , Don PloPico.... li.i 7 70
(650); Clare. Wilson 105 3 6 i.n
64 B Pearson ....110 8 83"
683 : Claude H'.ll 107' 5 2y.
(677) Sir Vassar 115: If ft' '.. '..'..'.'.".
% ! Sir. j Fin. i Jocteys. O] et
, 41 4 » Ins Griffin .: ~3
8 % 81 S3 Garner.... 2
2h 2 1 3 4 PifTirott... 5
9 7 4y 3 Bfrgen. : SO
51/2 , H » I 5 5 Coady.. 15
61 6% 62 Shields .15
7 h 8 7V- T amle. ... 8
8 4 <> 84" J. < born , 8
11 1 i/ 2 9 ;.!a«klin...-. 150
W.Hanfn | 5-2
Becting.
O\>. 01.
cting.
CL
9-2
6-2
4
75
30
80
19
15
80
14-5
- Vassar. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse'a b."g.. hv imp. Darebin-
rru- C. At post 16 minutes. Tim*-. l:ltfi-«.
' I •;» FHJBD BACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
ndex. j Horse, aj;<\ weight. I St.! Std. I U j y a I ?i j Sir. j Fin. , . Jockeys..
!__ ; I ~. • I ■ '
|6?l Tenacity. 3 90! 6 ish ai 2 2i> 0 3 ill 11 E. Jones. ■
703 Foremost, 4 96: 3 41/2 54 4h 3 h 41 iXL Pipcoit
«-<l (DunKurvan, a 104. .*> '.'i., !4 2 5h 5 2 3V, »2 CocUran """""""
Collins, 4 102 7 Iy. 111 31 41 53 4V 2 Coady '"'
i?tf iKed Root, a 104 I|s 1/2 61 ! 6 2 610 6 5 1 J. Chorn
TOo :E. H. 6..104 2: 01 11, 11 1% 21 15 H. Martin '"
659 Doyle, 4 96 4 713 9^ 9 9n 8 7 4 Slaughter.
GOO Orbit. 5 101 818 1 : 1/i 72 7 7' 810 Wolfs .
."i75 Julia O. 4 94 9 9 8 3 84 8 19 9 Garner i
Jockeys.
j Betting.
!Op. cl.
8 20
2 0-5
5 4
6 6
4 7-2
15 25
50 80
100 50(
6 15
•an. \v<,n handily.
Wiuner, E. Corrigan'3 b. c. by Longfellow- Jlodesty. Time, 1:56.
r1 O FOURTH BACE-Six furlongs; selling; purse $400
lex. Uorse, age, wo.-l;;. St.! 14 j % I'■ Z A Str. ■
699 Knvralsky. 3 {Ml 2 11 12 28
07?. Gallant. 4 99 4 j 4b 22 li/,
692 : BrawScot, a 99; 6 , 6 » 5 3 4"
(704) ■ Minnie C«-e. a.. . . '.-7 5 5 1 4 1 4 2
090 1 Mainstay, 4 108 1 ■ 31; 6 6
(HJU)', Miss Ross, 3 82 7 7 " ! 7 7
578 Shield Bearer, .103 3 'J h I 31', 5
Fin.
1 h
2 J-a
3 6
* 5
5
8
■E. Jones l
PiKgot" 4
Slaughter. 6
Garner ' 7-2
Macklin 10
, Keidy 20
Coady j 10
Jockeys.
r.-ttlng.
Op. Cl.
1
6
10
6
3
" 15
15
I^°'^. : i r ,^ g iUfe '' Winnt " r ' E - Corrlgan's br. c, by Isaac Murphy-Derochinent. Time,
714 FIFTH BACE — S«ven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upivanl; allowances; purse «400~
Ind' i. Horß*. s?e. we:ght. St.!
y*.
I
%
I
3 /i r
Betting.
<703>:o!!vp. l 981 3 3 3
699 ;'■ Ptris Uartman, 3 88; '-' 11
703 sohnit/. 4 108 1 •_' h
. Kodepap, 4 1(14 4 ' 4
35 2ri 21 11 Garner....
In 12 11 21 Slaughter
2i/2 310 310 ! 320 E. Jo.es
! 4 4 4 14 Bergen |
1 1-4 3-10
5 r>
7 7
130 60
won easily. Winner, K. Corrigan'a b. f., by Apache- Virgie. Tme, 1:38%.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
In rtces where the corses have no record at the distance to be run the records x* the next nearest
dlstacre are given. "y- •
A bbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: *, about. •
FIRST RACE— HaIf a mile: two-ytar-olds.
Index. '
Name.
i Best
Lbs rf-rord.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
698 BUlyVloe 108 do rec.
652 Colonel Wheeler 103 no rec
638 Vikinsr 105 no rec.
69« Charlemagne.... 108 no rec
710 Lindendale 100! no rec.
652 Alma Dale 100.no rec.
698 Philip H 108|no rec.
618 Ton^do 108 no rec
542 , Scarborough 108 no rec.
641 jLady Laurel wd. 105 no reel
....
....
....
....
....
— lElkton stable j Imp. SirModred-Dixlanna
.... Burns&Waterhouse Imp. M'diothian-A^nes
— '.. Wright Heralrt-Elleena
W.O'B.Mcdonough. St. Carlo-Muta
— J. Kobblns : i>^paßto-Qucen Lyon :';;
.... Neil A- C0ney....... I. Midloihian-Ij«iy Lelnster
. ... Olell stable :.".■ Imp. Loyolist-Margarlte
— M. J. KeUey Kacine-lmp. Ouida
— Atkins A; Lottridse. lEI Rio Eey-Fonsetta
— ,Laurelwood farm... | Duke of Norfo;k-Ni'ilson
i
i
....
....
1....
SECOND RACE-Sixturloncß: sdlniK.
ex.
Name.
I Best I
Lbs I record . :
DW.- LbsTk.
Pedigree.
Z°2 ,Hermani a 109 1:88*4 ™ ,115 H.. .i. G. Follansbee.... Presno-Plster Tim Douglass
704 ! ' * aver 109 1:19 -«r i.H) H.. 0. L. 8e11. . . . ..*.:.; Joe Hoaker-Addie O'Xeil
vOa '£{. VY ' 11* U";;V/ *V !••••!•••- Welcome stable.... Henaese-rii known
I"* Th« J.uUe 11 7 1 : 1 11 > b ft: f 120 H. . L. Abrahams Imp. Loyal isl-Brirish Queen
705 Brametta ::::::: ft, 1:01 .!. • .... 98 F v: r>. /.. Monig Bramble-Betta
707 Artist. 117 1:26i 2 71 102 F... C. Gilman .' Imp. Dareblr.-Hirondelle.
704 Belle of .Stonewl 10fi!l:18 *6 f 100111.. W. B. sink . ... >Ip. Mr. Pickwick- Henlonon
704 Belle otstooewl 109. 1: !8 6f 100 11.. W. B. Sink Kpemlthr i ! -M « Naifer
709 Walter J 102 :56»4 4V f 105 F... V. JlcDermott.. ... Imp^ Tfup ■ Hri'on y S
709 Princess nose II 100 :-->6i 4 4% » 107;F... .1. O. Brown Co.. Hirnyar-Wild Rose ?
708 ißoadrunner 107 1 :41 lin i104!F... ' Antrim stable Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
1 HII.D HACK— T«o miles; purse f'2ooo.
Index.]
, I Beat ■ I I : ~ -
tHjex.j Name. Lbs record. ' Dlst. Lbs Tk. | Owner. Pedigree.
90 BMM 1 110 1 1:46 ; lin 103 H. . McXantrhton & Muir Falsetto- Esthelda
696 Oakland 107 2:09 V* 1' m UOiF... Oakland stable :; John A-Alnmoda
696 ;Cad m ua 110 .S:*»yjBin 104 11.. A. B. .Spreckels I.".:. flood- imp. Cornelia
Name.
i-OL'RTH RACE— One and o quarter miles; hurdle.
indei.:
Name.
I Best 1 I
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
I
Pedigree.
679
. -.-.
700
88 1
707
707
707
Burmab 160 '2:18 H4 m 125 F... W. OB. Macdonouehiß*-rsan-Falr La«'v
Tom Clarke..... 145 2 M % H/ 4 m • 120 11.. P. Farrar *.' J..lion-ll,fz. 1 klrke
Contentment.... 140 '. — K. Corrigan...- Favor-imp Sally II
Tomplemore.... 136,2:^2 I\\ 111 140 F... J. Brenock Torn OchUtwi-Sadie'E
Arxenta 14012:51 Vi l V&m 149 11.. L. lsseH Inquirer-Arilla
Cicero 14£ 3*s* S m 147 11.. B.C. HOldmh Ix>?,gfellow-Bene Knight
McCiovorn ...130 no rec.)... i ... ■ :■■■■ S. Odell stable .Surinam-Chestnut Belle
RACE— Seven furlODßs: purse.
Index.
Name.
Lbs record.! DiBt.
Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
711
«86
706
>;:»!•
tiB(j
(196
67*2
C«5
665
SlrVassar 100 1:29J/ 3 If j 98 F... H.T. Griffin [sir Dlxoa-Vassar
Nephew 115 1:42 ! 1 m 103 G. Kose Niece
rp.Fullertn Lass 110 1:18>4| «» ' 101 H.. >>habU>ona stable. . < Fullftrton-Castawav
Sweet Bosn./-... till noroc. — ! Burns it Watrboube Flambeau-imp. Fairr Kosc
l.il Kearney.... 116 1:2834 7f 110 F... (J. K. Smith.... .... Tom Ochiltre^-Mwlusa
Fred Gardner.. 115 l:42Vi Ira 1 104 F... F. M. Taylor Luke Blackburn-Knfliade
Dare Dollar i 95 1:00 6t 112 X.. G. B. llorris & Co.. Imp. Darebln-Trade Dollar
Imp. Candid.... 107 1:44*4 1 m 98 H. A. B. Spreckels.... , Splendor- Canary
Thelma 110 l:27Va 7* 110 F... Lawrence farm John Happy-Pansy
i-IXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selllDg.
] r,<lex.] Name. iLbs record.) Dint. !Lbs Tk.j Owner. Pedigree.
- Hlehlaiid 112 1:16 V" H1 10<jII.. li. Schreib.-r ' Col. Hepburn-Edna
Mobolaska 108 :51Jj. J/2 «» '118 H. . J-:. Corrigan I Anache-Tricksey
Unity j 0011:18 «fif 1I)H F... L. Kzoil Imp. KossinKlon-Unlte
897 Atkins... ! 99 l :()5V a 5 f 9i H.. .1. P. Aikln Begent-Mlaadtc
'■■'.) TiKeriHinty 117 l:lBi«o «f ! 1 10 . F... C. E. Murray Kmneror-QuaiKlarv
Morven. ..' 114 l:loi.][ (if j 104 H.. While & Clarke Imp. Chevlot-Lurline
■■iciuitor : 99 1:16V2 6* 90 F... California stable Imp. Sir Modred-Vlsalia
7(U Fat Murphy 111 1:18»/ 4 | 6f 89|H.. A. B. Spreckels Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie X
. son. Hoffman .. 102 j '.... D.J.'lobiu (Imp. Inverness-Dora
64« 'Mlddleton. |114,l:13i/ii BV2 * jlOb.H.. J. White Warwick- Lady Aliddleton
Name.
Best I j
Lbs record. ] Dist.
I.bs
their preliminary gallops like two-year
olds and the betting was heavy. Tile fa
vorites scored but twice. The" last three
races on the card were taUen by horses
carrying the green wiUi white sash colors
of Edward Corrigan, one of them, Tena
city, being a '20 to 1 shot in th- betting.
Despite Garner's shady handling of Liz
zie II in last Thursday's race, when she
finished third, the mare was made an 11 to
5 favorite in the betting on the second
event at six furlongs, showing conclusively
that the ring did not think she was meant
on that occasion. Garner got her away in
front, but took her back and at the end
was beaten out a "whisker by Sam Leake,
a 4 to 1 chance, ridden by Harry Griffin. .
The Spreekels entry. 'Foremost, was a
pronounced 6 to 5 favorite for the mile and
a furlong selling affair. Dungarven and
Red Root were the pick for second place
honor.-, each being held at fours. The out
i sider, E. 11. Sherley, took the lead after
! passing the stand and showed in fuont to
the stretch. Tenacity, who had moved up
to second place, here assumed the lead,
and although pressed hard by the favorite
nearing the wire won by a length in the
creditable time of 1:56. Dungarven was a
close third.
Babe Murphy was scratched from the
fourth event, and Kowaisky opened up a
6to 5 choice. At post time he had been
played down to 4 to 5, with Gallant, Main
stay and Minnie Ccc fancied in the order
named. . »
Jones took the favorite out in the lead
soon after the flag fell, and led into the
: stretch by a couple of lengths, with Gal
i lant following. A furlong from the wire
! the favorite looked beaten, but he re
; sponded to the whip, and in a hard drive
won by a neck. Braw Scot loomed up a
' dangerous factor the last part of the jour- ;
j ney, ami could Slaughter have brought
I him up sooner would have won. As it was
| he finished but a neck back of Gallant.
All were scratched out of the last race
over seven furlongs with the exception of
Olive, Ferris Hartman, Schnitz and Rode
gap.
Corrigan's fast mare was quickly backed
from 1 to 2 to 1 to 4, and won easily at the
end from Ferris Hartman.
Track and Paddock Items.
This is "ladies' day" at. Ingleside and
also the concluding day of the meeting,
the racing for the coming two weeks being
transferred to the Bay District track. The
great three-cornered contest between Cad
mus, Basso and Oakland, over two
miles, will be the special feature
of the day's card. All interest is
centered in the event, which promises to
t
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAUL, WEDNESDAY,, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
be a most exciting exhibition of equine
endurance and speed.- Aii three horses are
in fine fettle, and each vt*i!l carry a heavy
commission on his chance. Extra, cars will
be run to the track for the accommodation
of the big crowd.
Secretary Sam Leake of the new Jockey
Club wore a .smile on his face when his
namesake nosed out Lizzie H in the
second race that was expressive of joy.
The popular secretary thinks the Darebin
horse a "real clinker" when fit, and
always places a dollar or two on him for
old companionship's sake.
Sir Vassar, second choice in the betting
on the second race, was left at the post.
Starter Caldwell laid the blame at Willie
Martin s door, and the jockey claimed the
starter to be at fault.
The track odds against Tim Murphy,
who won the last race on Monday, were
lo .', to . 1 - Yesterday the poolrooms
paid the "fortunate" holders of win
ning tickets 3 to 1. During the past
day s racing at Ingleside, sixty-three
races were run, with 339 horses as start
ers. I< ilty - seven horses have been
scratched before 10:30 a. m. and nineteen
after that time. Of the number of actual
horses starting the poolrooms have had
177 wrong jockeys posted on their bocks,
forty-six ? jockeys . on scratched horses,
twenty-nine horses with no jockeys given
and jockeys and odds on sixty-two horses
that were scratched at 10:30 o'clock in the
forenoon.
THE ROAD-RACE ENTRIES
Contestants in the Annual 25-
Mile Event of the
Clubs.
Changes in Events at the Indoor Meet
Arranged to Conform With New
Racing Rules.
One of the great road-racing events pro
moted by the California Associated Cy
cling Clubs, a twenty-five mile handicap
road race, will be held next Saturday,
Washington's birthday, over the San
Leandro triangle, starting at 10 a. m.
promptly. The entries closed last night
with George 11. Stratton, chairman of the
road-racing committee, and the list of
entrants is over double that of any similar
previous race held by the association.
There are seventy-seven entries all told,
against thirty-seven of last year. Some
of the fastest men of the coast will com
pete, and a great contest for time and
position prizes is expected.
The entries and clubs represented are as
follows:
Acme Club Wheelmen— T. Schleuter, A. H.
Agnew, A. B. Pickard, A. T. Smith, P.M. Le-'
fevre, Fred Slmen, H. W. Squires, G. H. Crafts,
G. J. Culhane, V. J. Galiudo, J. I!. Keuna, ' Al
McDoiigall, A. P. Swain, E.J. Smith; J. A. Cly
mer, William Greaves, Henry Hutchinson, M.
F. Rose, G. A. Nissen, J. E. Scott, F. C. McKin
stry, R. P. Avlward. y'
- Alameda Cyclers— Frank' G. Thomas, W. T.
Pratt. . :~.~.v-
Bay City Wheelmen— Fred L. Day, EmilE.
Languetin, Herbert Victor Ready. Charles S.
Wells, Thomas S. Hall, T. Alfred Griffiths, H.
Austin Soddard, B. C. Raynaud, A. J. Menne.
California Cycling Club— Lewis T. Okon, W.
C. Klotz, H. B. Williams, James Wall, John
Greeif, James Van Dyne, G.W. Thomas, A.
Theisen, Albert Scheib, Thomas Boyd, H. L.
Mayo, F. C. Hansen. •
Garden City Cyclers— Hardy Downing, T. O.
Evans, Charles M. Smith, Victor A. Benson.
Imperial Cycling Club Hornung, C. W.
Conger, A. 0. Ortion, J. S. Gang, Ed Langer, F.
' -1. Byrne, E. A. Bozio.
Olympic Club Wheelmen George Vf. Tantati.
j John E. Edwards, George E. Kroetz, William
I H. Haley, R. B. Irones.
Reliance Club Wheelmen William Yeoman,
' Chester S. Myrick, B.H. Eif&rd, Arthur M. Boy
j den. SEV43]
San Francisco Road Club— Rohison.L. S.
Leavitt, F. L. ThieL George M. Hamlin.
San Joso Road Club— George W. Bell, Floyd
A. l-ar! and, John E. Wing, T. Belloli, M. J.
O'Brien, R. If. Hammonds, A. SchwaltJr.
Santa Rosa Wheelmen— William Godman,
Henry Noonan.
Owing to the recent radical changes
made in the racing rules by the League of
American Wheelmen it has been found
necessary to completely revise the pro
gramme of events to be contested at the
indoor tournament next month. New
entry blanks will be sent out to-day, and
will provide for all amateur races, except a
couple of Chinese events. There are to be
no professional races, as there are not
enough men in that class on the coast at
present. The events are as follows:
Thursday, March s— One-mile scratch, invi
tation; one-mile scratch, open; grand Oriental
handicap, one mile (Chinese); ten-mile club,
scratch (trial eats).
Friday, March ii— One-mile handicap; two
mile scratch; ten-mile club, scratch (trial
heats).
Saturday,March7, matinee— One-mile novice;
two-mile Chinese race; one-mile handicap.
Saturday, March 7, evening— One-mile post
race (prizes diamonds); one-mile invitation;
one-mile Chinese, handicap; ten-mile • club,
scratch (trial heats). ;
Sdnday, March 8, matinee— One-mile special
club handicap, for the Bay City Wheelmen,
Olympic Club Wheelmen, Imperial Cycling
Club, California Cycling Club, San Francisco
Road Club; each race open only to members
of the club for which It is provided.
Sunday, March 8, evening — Half-mile
scratch, one-mile handicap, five-mile stratch
(trial heats of one-mile distance). v
Monday.March One-mile handicap, five
mile military relay, ten-mile club, scratch
(trial heats).
Tuesday, March 10— Half-mile handicap, one
mile scratch, invitation ; ten-mile club, scratch
(trial heats).
Wednesday, March Quarter-mile scratch,
one-mile handicap, ten-mile club, scratch
(final).
The prize list as published will have to
be revised, as the prizes for amateur events
cannot be as valuable as some of those
offered the class bracers.
News was received here yesterday that
the ten racing men now at Santa Monica
trying for records will at once join the pro
fessional ranks. They were all class B
men until the recent change in racing rules
abolished that class. The names of the
riders are: W. M. Randall, J. Bobbins, J.
F. Stayer, Eli Winsett, Roma' E. Dow, W.
W. Hatton, J. M. Campbell,' Wilbur J. Ed
wards, Earl H. Kiser and F. E. Schefski.
Dow and. Ed wards are from San Jose, and
ride under the colors of the Garden City
Cyclers. Robbins, Stayer, Winsett and
Campbell come from the north, Randall
from Rochester, N. Kiser from Ohio
and Schefski from Salt Lake. It Is prob
able that the team at Coronado will follow
suit, with the exception of C. S. Wells and
W. A. Terrill of the Bay City. Wheelmen
of this City, who will remain amateurs
until they see what the Eastern crack rid
ers are going to d 0... .
Champion Zimmerman .. received dis
patches from the East yesterday which
made him conclude be would return there
at once, so he left last evening on the Sun
set limited train. The local wheelmen did
not see as much of him" as they would have
liked, though a great many called upon
him at his hotel and enjoyed a few mo
ments', chat. He could not say what his
future movements would be, but thought
he might go to France about the end of
April.
F. H. Dunne, C. W. Hawks and H. W.
Welch, of the Bay City Wheelmen, started
on a trip through San Mateo and Santa
Clara counties yesterday.
LECTURES AT ST. GEORGE'S CLUB.
Tho Political Equality Club Preparing;
for Public Meetings.
The Political Equality Club of San Fran
cisco and County met at St. George's Club
yesterday afternoon and perfected plans
for a series' of public meetings at St.
George's Hall. ...
The first will be held on Tuesday even
ing, when Dr. J. A. Cruzan, the well
known eloquent pastor of Olivet Congre
gational Church, will give an address on
the issues of the day. Mrs. Cruzan will
sing and the Political Equality Club will
Rive several choruses; Mrs. Nellie Hol
born Bliiin will preside.
The meeting will be the first of a series
to which the public is invited.
The club holds its business meetings on
alternate Tuesdays. -
AMID ORANGE BLOSSOMS.
Marriage of Don Pedro Mom*
biela and Miss Maria
Lulz.
AT THE SPANISH CHURCH.
The Amalgamation of Vast Interests
in the CofFee Plantations of
Guatemala.
Don Pedro Mombiela and Miss Maria
Mr. -and Mrs. Pedro Mombiela (nee Makepeace), Who "Were Married Last Evening at the. Church of
:■'.-■■ „•-; Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe.
Drawn by a "Call" artist from photographs.]
Lulz Makepeace were made husband and
wife last night at the church of Nuestra
Senora de Guadalupe. The union of the
handsome groom and the pretty bride
makes an, alliance of the blood' of noble
Castile and the hardy Scottish race.
Don Pedro Mombiela is of Spanish de
scent and has vast interests in coffee
tineas in Guatemala, where he is regarded
as one of the most progressive young men
in President Barrios' domain.
The bride is the daughter of Joshua
Makepeace of the firm of Makepeace &
Trarnpe, the owners of the largest .coffee
plantations in Guatemala. They are the
"Alabama" and- "Barcelona. at Turn
bador. Guatemala. ..<
WILLIAM DEVENY, 31 NORTH FOURTH STREET, PORTLAND, OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oregon, February 15.
The word genial must have been discov
ered after men had traveled much, seen
the world, looked over the various frailties
"of humankind and touched the philosophic
vein. Take William Deveny as an ex
ample. I spent fully two hours with ..this
genial gentleman and scarce knew the
time had flown so swiftly. He told me of
his travels, his hardships,' the bright, the
dark side, and then he interested me most
when he spoke about California. "By the
way," said : he, "California is just now
coming in for a great deal of praise, and I
must confeM I am heartily glad to be able
The father of the bride is of old Scottish
stock and he is at present in his native
home. He was represented, however, at
the wedding by Ernile Trampe, his busi
ness - partner, who gave the young girl
away. . .
After the ceremony the guests repaired
to the. California Hotel,, where, at mid
night, they were entertained in tlie hotel's
grand dining ball. A sumptuous supper
was served and then the entire gathering
was photographed by flashlight.
..',"' MENU.
• • Huiires sur Coquille.
POTAGE.
Consomme Boyale.
; . MORS D'CECVBES.
Kadishes. Celery. Olives. Salted Almonds.
POISSOX.
Filet de Basse a l'ltaliene. Pommes Croquettes.
:'~ ?f;,V, . ~ EXTBKES.
Petltes Bouehees de Crevettes.
Sweetbreads en Caisses a l'Kspagnole.
LEG t. MKS.
Petits Puis Francois.
PUNCH.
Bomaine.
ROTI.
Spring Chicken au Cresson. Laitue ala Mexlcalne.
j . .■:/.."■■■. '■ lIESSEKT.
Neapolitan Icecream..
Petite fours .-^ssoriis. cheese. Crackers. Fruits.
- Cafe Xoir. . •
The menu was printed on the back
of the photograph here reproduced and
placed as a souvenir before each guest.
After supner dancing was indulged in
until an early hour. ;y
The happy couple start for Scotland
to-morrow on their wedding tour.
Among the guests present were: Mr, i
and Mrs. E. Trarnpe, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Oiiver, Mr. and Mrs. P. Fossas, Mr. and
Mrs. Scnbie, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dave v,
Mr. and Mrs. Flaherty, Mr. and Mrs. S.
"Warren, Mr. and Mrs. E. Hernandez, Mrs. j
Bustarnente, Mrs. Anna Henry, Dr. Orella, !
D. O'Ryan, M. D. Maldonado. G. Blender, j
C. Luna, Mr. Cabrera, V. Estrada, Mr.
to praise California also. You see,' the
great ' California remedy, Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, has been introduced in Port
land lately arid many of our best families
are how using it. T used Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla myself. I found it pleasing
to the taste = and effective— yes, very effec
tive. .1 was not in a dying condition,
of course not, . but I felt mean, all
run down, or, to use the proper
word, I .fell jaded. After using one
bottle of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla I
felt so much better that I ordered another
bottle, and the result is ; entirely satisfac
tory. Ladies and gentlemen are now
Moss, Mr. Lambardero, Mr. Malianos,
A. Barillas, Miss Julia Romero, Miss R.
Moss, Miss J. Dieckmann, Miss A. Her
bruger,..Miss E. . Her tiger, .Miss Rose
Davey, , Miss A- Esperanza, „ Miss Y.
Laveaga, Miss M. Laveaga, Miss J. Cali
moria. Miss Mac Collen, Miss L. Malianos,
Miss P. Malianos, Mis 3E. Escobar, R.
Arroyo, Mr. Ponette, Mr. Elette, Mr.
Costa, Father Antonio Santandreu, H.
Dieckmann, \V. S. Wane, B. Taiiafere.
THE PRINCE AT SCHOOL.
A Keception Tendered: to the Koyal
Visitor at the Italian
School.
Yesterday was Italy's day at the Le
Conte School on Powell street, it being the
occasion of the visit of Prince Luigi, Cap
tain Bertoiini and Lieutenant Cagni of the
cruiser Cristoforo Colombo.
President P. Barbierl of the school pre
pared the pupils and their teachers for
their visitors and an entertaining literary
and musical programme was carried out.
All of the children were assembled
in a large room when the Prince
and his companions arrived, and the royal
visitor was greeted with cheers and the
waving of small American and Italian
flags. The Prince was highly pleased with
the patriotic feeling shown by the chil
dren for the two countries, one the land of
their blood and the other the land of their
birth.
An address of welcome was made by
M iss Mary Ferogiaro, a little schoolgirl,
and the singing of several songs in the
two languages closed the exercisss.
The Irish mailboats receive $455,000 a
y car subsidy. This is only $20,000 less
than is paid for all the North American
mails from Queenstown to New York.
using Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and a 1
that I know praise it. It is a great rem
edy. It works like a charm and does not
gripe. It cleanses the blood an i yet brings
out no pimples. Certainly Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla is a very valuable family
remedy." . .:
After leaving Mr. Deveny ' I talked with
several well-known ladies, and they alii
agreed Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla was a
line remedy. As I have before remarked
one does not • meet the substitute here.
There are ho mean people here who wish
to offer something just as good for the
home remedy— Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla. HENRY TILLMAN.
HEW TO-DAT.
1 &■ I ■ HOLfiN 8393.
J % I ■ SHOE CO.
THIS WEEK
WILL MM SALE
* OUR STOCK OF
LADIES' AND GENTS'
JIFMJI in nun SOLE
SHOES!
PRICES WILL BE NO OBJECT
As we must close them out to make room
for
OUR TAN SHOES
. .Which are now arriving.
We will also close out our
LADIES* LIFE-SAVII6 SHOES!
At $3.00 Per Pair and $3.50 for
Extra Quality.
Every lady should wear them. The soles are
thick and soit, mating the most comfortable Shoe
a lady can wear.
We 111 also close out our
NEW WOMAN
X ; FRENCH KID
LACE SHOES
At $3.00 Per Pair.
Will also close out Laird, Schober & Co.'s
NEW WOMAN
- Finest Quality Enamel Leather
LACE SHOES
At $3. Per Pair. Regular
Price $6.00.
JUST RECEIVED
Our First Carload of
TAN SHOES.
ANY.ONE WANTING
TAN SHOES
It will pay them to see our styles. They are tha
very Latest Novelties.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORE
ON MARKET STREET.
Don't be misled by misleading signs.
Send us your address' and we will
mail you our Catalogue, which shows
all the very latest styles at lowest
prices.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
:
NULm fifiuSi
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET . STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St..
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5527.
— - — ,
BARNES
©IIGYCLESO
16-18 DrummSi. ffMlMtjk | jri Ijj* ffiA 1
retail stone: I |Frf'BWHrsTrs'fsSftili g
1640 Market St. \ Vff ||m T JMgiM SB
THE " ■
HIGHEST |
POINT I
Of excellence '
to which bicycle
manufacture con
attain is to give the
- man who rides for pleasure
purely as light a mount as he
who rides for %ola or glory. The
achievement of this effort is the
STEARNS
CYCLE
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street,
SAW FRANCISCO.
PEYAff, HOPKHS & CO., City Agents.
l My' eicvct.es ia- \
if ja^' WVVll[fwsramWßl^Bßmia I
\% Sl ,5, ° MAr?KET ST. $&
\\\\ %xf-^L3^- <&- Si? l
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coos Bay Coal cheaper.
Wheat, Oats. lorn and Rye lower.
Bailey quiet.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans motionless.
Flour as before,
Large receipts of Potatoes,
Onions s'cady."3gJJß(l
Butter and Eggs weak. Cheese firm.
Hens In excessive stock.
Game receipts decreasing.
Apples and Citrus Fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits and Raisins neglected.
Provisions steady.
Hides and Leather unchanged.
Ho a firm. Beef and Mutton steady.
Vegetables weak.
Coffee quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures !
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, ii any, the amount of
rainfall; of melted snow in inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means nigh barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast
When the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the const, and the Isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable; hut when
tbe "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon Is improbable. With a
"filch" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falllnc to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.
WKATIIKK BUREAU REPORT.
UNITED STATES Department of Arricui^
ti-rk. Weather PIKKAf. SAN Francisco. Feb
ruary.^, 1596, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73, last season 31.60; Red Bluff
13.83, las: season 24.37: San Francisco 12.41!, last
season 21.69; Pre -no 4.09, last season 11.18: San
Luis Obispo 12.25, last season 22.40; Los Angeles
6.91. last season 11.67; San Diego 2.82, last season
10.16; Yuma .46. last season 2.99.
I he following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California today: Eureka
68, Fresno 74, Los Angeles 86. Red Bluff 76, Inde
pend noe 68, San Diego 80, San Francisco 72, San
Luis Obispo 86, Yuma 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 72,
minimum 55. mean 64. There was no rainfall
during the past 24 hours.
The pressure is highest this evening in Idaho and
Ttah and lowest along the California coast. It is
falling slightly along the coast. Clear, warm
weather continues throughout the Pacific coast
States, the temperature ranging from 10 to 20 de
grees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 19, 1896.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; probably
cooler Wednesday afternoon along the immediate
coast: light variable winds, generally southerly to
westerly along the coast in the afternoon.
t-outherti California— Fair Wednesday; probably
slightly cooler along the coast Wednesday after
noon; light northerly winds, becoming westerly
atone the coast in the afternoon.
Nevada Fair Wednesday,
Ftah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
probably becoming cooler Wednesday afternoon:
light easterly winds, probably shifting to westerly
Wednesday afternoon.
W. H. Hammox, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 18.— The movements
on the Stock Exchange to-day were not especially
important. The transactions aggregated only
153,175 shares but speculation was characterized
by a very firm tone, the strength being attributed
to purchases for London account, the success of
the Government loan ana the prevailing belief that
if any further legislation In favor of free silver is
attempted it is sure to meet with defeat. In the
early trading prices advanced Vi to li 4 per cent in
the usually active list. Louisville and Nashville,
the grangers. Sugar. Manhattan and Tennessee
Coal and Iron led the upward movement.
In the afternoon the traders became bearish, and
under their sales a reaction ensued. Manhattan
fell to 104%. Leather preferred to 65%, Missouri
Pacific to 22*4' Chicago Gas to 68, Jersey Central
10 1071.2. Tobacco to 79^£, General Electric to
30%' and the- remainder of the list from 3,4 to %
per cent. Speculation left off barely steady in
lone at a recovery of 1» to i/ 2 per cent. Sugar was
strong, owing to the reports that the directors will
dei hire the usual dividend early in March and an
extra dividend Of 10 per cent after the adjourn
ment of Congress.
lie heavy cain In the earnings of the St. Paul
road for the second week of February made a
favorable impression upon the market. The net
changes show losses of Vi to is per cent, Man
hattan leading. Bonds were easier. The transac
tions aggregated $1,196,000. Iron Mountain firsts
fell 2i/ 2 to 100: St. Paul-Duluth lives, iy 2 to
107 Vi; and Northwest debenture fives of 1921, 2
to 106.
In Government bonds, 9500,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%@117Vfe; $24,000 registered
fours of 1907 at 109%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, easy, unchanged. Southern
flour— Dull, easy, unchanged. Rye flour— Dull,
steady, at $2 40@2 95. Buckwheat flour, $1 25®
CK WHEAT— 41@42c.
cnRNMEAL — Dull, easy; yellow Western,
$2 20@2 25 Brandy wine, $2 20.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 45c;
ungraded Western. 40@47c
BA RLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, lower, with options, closing
firm. No. 2 ren. store and elevator, 79i4@79%c:
afloat, feo : *46jSlc: f. o. b., BOS -1 81 ' ■>>•; ungraded
red, 67083 c; No. 1 Northern, 74*407 5 c.
Options were dull and weak at ».pa.s' c lower
following the West and a bearish report by Brad-
reel's with only a local scalping trade.' May and
July osost active. No, 2 red, February, 7214 c:
March, 73c: May,' 713. 8 c; June, 7ly c; July, 7lc.
. CORN— DuII, easy. No. 2, 36' elevator; 3714 c
afloat. '. :. .-.^ : ..-. ,-, ■. ; , :
Options dull and weak at 14c decline, following
the West. May and July only traded in. Febru
ary and May, Sfic: July, 37c. "
OATS— DuII, steady.
Options null, easy. February, 2sV4o2s%c; May.
258& C. spot prices: No. 2, 25141-; No. 2 white,
26&% c: No. 2 Chicago. 2614026 Vic: No. 8. 243/ c:
No. 3 white. 2&lfec: mixed Western, 26027 c;
white Stateand Western, 27<&28iAc..
FEED BRAN- 67i:..,t,f . ' '
MIDDLINGS- 656£tf7i -..-.
BYE FEED— 6S@7Oc. "
Provisions.
BEEF -Quiet; family, 10@12c; beef hams,
dull, $150915 50; tierce beef, dull, steady city
extra India mors. $15<ftl6 50; cut meats, quiet,
easy, unchanged.
LA BD— Quiet. Western steam, $5 721 _; city,
$5 10; May. $5 87. iteiiuid. dull: continent,
$"> 90; S. A., $6 20; compound. $4 7606.
PORK— Quiet,: mess, $10 50<gj$10 75.
kit i'Eß— Good demand, choice, firmer; Slate
dairy, B&\ 7c: do creamery, held 13@l'7c; do
factory, 2 @;l2c; Elglns, 19019%; Imitation
creamery, ii(<£l6c: rolls, 8012 c.
CLEESE— firm: State, large, 0(to 10c: do
fancy. 10' 4c: do small, 6010*40; part skims. 314
(<&''-. full skims, JVjjfo Be
EGGS— Weak; State and Pennsylvania 133/1®
14c: Southern, 12 I £013c: do case, $202 50.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady; city. 3 13-16 c; coun
try. 33<i(to4c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, weak: Crude. 21%
022 c; prime yellow, t;6c: no off grade, 25y>c.
BESlN— Active, firmer; strained, common to
good. 61 KO (to J 62 1/ 2 . - '. :.-?;>-:
TUBPENTINK— Quiet, steady; 29V_030c.
■ 1 Mo!-.. Weak; Sweets, $204 75.
RICE— Firm.
MOLASSES— Firm: New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice. 27037 c.
COFFEE— Firm: 5 and 10 points up. March.
*12 60012 65; April, $12 25; May, $12 05@12 15;
June, 811 86; July. $1165; September, 811®
1116; December, "810 75^10 85. Spot Rio dull,
steady; 13@13Vic. „ ,
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 35,' aC bid:
centrifugals, 96 lest, 4c bid; refined, firm;
No. 6. 43 c: No. 7, 4 5-1 «c; No. 8, 4Vic;
No. 9. 4 3-16 c: No. 10, 4V»c; No. 11, 4T-T6C:
No. 12, 4c; No. 13. 3 1516 c: off A, 4 7-16 c;
mold A, 5i- 4 c; standard A, 6c; confectioners' A,
4%c; cut loaf and crushed, 6qfec; powdered and
cubes, si.ic; granulated, sc.
Emit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 9»/*
@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 2 @BV' c: peeled, 14
@]&c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. @5V4c ;•-:-;.;
RAISINS— Loose Muscatels. 3-crown. 3V4®3V^c;
do 4-crown. 4V ®sc: 00 London layers, 80@95c;
do clusters. 81 25®1 45.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell. 7i 2 @Bc; do paper-shell,
ll®l2c. "■..■•-;
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, Sy 2 (g:l0c; standard, 6%
@7c.
HOPS— Quiet: easy. State common to choice,
2y,@Sc: Pacific Coast, 2Vfc@Bc.
WOOL— Quiet, firm; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15®33c; Texas, 9@llc.
Merchandise.
TIG IRON— Firm: American, $11 75@513 50.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $10 60®10 60.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic, $3 15.
TlN— Easy. Straits, $13 30®13 45; plates, mod
erately active.
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic. $4@4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lIX., Feb. 18.— It was difficult to dis
cover any feature or noteworthy incident attend
ing the trade in wheat this morning. Prices were
a trifle irregular in their action and denoted noth
ing in particular, the chances accompanying the
variations in the temper of the local speculative
crowd. At the opening some little interest was
taken in the world's shipments for last week which
aggregated 5,734,000 bushels. The estimate made
yesterday placed them at 7,000,000 bushels, the
difference being the motive for early buying and
causing some firmness.
The offerings, however, soon became large
enough to „cause prices to sink below yesterday's
close. , Liverpool cables were quiet and steady.
Northwestern receipts were a little smaller, 452
cars arriving, against 671 last Tuesday and 650 a
year ago. Chicago received 157 cars and in
spected out 117.584 bushels. Export clearances
were light at 292,878 bushels. Bradstreet's report
of an Increase in the world's available supply of
900,000 bushels brought In a number of selling
orders, causing further weakness. Closing Ant
werp cables were unchanged and Berlin lower.
Paris had a holiday. May wheat opened from
655 B (gS6si. 2 c, sold between 65%@66c and 64% c,
closing at 64'i B @6sc, ift@Vsc under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 115 cars.
CORN— The opinion in many instances is that
corn will move more freely with any improvement
in country roads. The receipts to-<lay were quite
large at 535 ears. The market opened easy on
these considerations and was further weakened by
sympathy with wheat. Withdrawals from store
were 60.746 bushels. Liverpool cables were quiet
and steady. Export clearances were large at
470,926 bushels. Bradstreet's reported a decrease
In available stocks of 479,000 bushels. May corn
opened at SOc, sold between 30®30Vsc and 29 %@
29 % c, closing at 29@29%C, 14c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 365 cars.
OATS— The sentiment in corn extended to oats
and caused rather an easy feeling in that grain.
The trade continued comparatively light, with oc
casional spasms of activity. Receipts were 323
cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
Bradstreet's gave an Increase In available stocks
of 352,000 bushels. May oats closed Vie under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 211
cars. BES3M
FLAX— Was easy: cash, 90@90Vj>c; May, 91»
@92Vic. Receipts, 25 cars.
PROVISIONS— A few minutes of firmness was
observed at the opening of the product market,
but the strength tailed to hold, and when wheat
lost its support, product seemed to have suffered
in a similar manner. There was a subsequent
rally and a steady close, with May pork and ribs
unchanged, and May lard 21 2 c under yesterday.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 02y 2 c; May, 64%@65c;
July, 64 Vie
CORN — February, 27% c; May, 29" 8 c; July,
30%ia>30% ■.
OaTS— February. 19Vsc: May, 20% c: July,
21c.
February, $9 85; May, $10 02 1 2 ; July,
$10 17: .
LARD— February, $5 421/2: May, $5 57V2'. July,
$5 72 ; 2 .
RiH^— February, $5 05: May, $5 22y ; July,
«5 321,2-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, li.i_,I i.i_, Feb. 18.— The
offerings of cattle to-day were light but there was
a fair demand and prices ruled steady. Receipts
of hots were light. There was a good general de
mand and prices were firm to 5c higher. The
trade in sheep was active at steady prices.
CATTLE— Receipts, 4500. Good to choice steers, j
1200 to 1600 pounds, $3 55«14 05; medium steers, |
1150 to 1300 pounds, $3 t 0.3.3 90: feeders, 900 to 1
1200 pounds, $3 50®3 90; BtOCKetS, 600 to!
900 pounds, $2 60@3 45; bulls, choice to extra,
S3 aH 60; cows, poor to good canners. $1 60®2 40:
Texas bulls, oxen and cows, $2 36®3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 20.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 96G64 20; common to choice
mixed, $3 95®4 22 Vs: choice assorted, $4 20®
4 30: light, $4(a,4 30: nigs. $3 20(u.: 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50(3,3 70; lambs, $3 50®4 65.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3y @4y 2^: last
loan at 3 l o^and closing offered at 3' ... ' . Prime mer
cantile paper, 6(3,7%. Sterling exchange dull, with
actual business 111 bankers' hills at $4 Br>y 2 @4 8684
for sixty days and $4 4 @4 88 for demand.
Posted rates, $4 b7@4 88 • . Commercial bills.
$4 85V 2 '<t4 88. Bar silver, 67S'3C. Mexican
dollars, 53 : 543 * - Government bonds strong.
State bonds' quiet; railroad bonds dulL Silver at
the board was neglected.
IXOSIKS STOCKS.'
Am Tel & Cable.... 92 (Norfolk & Wes.... 2%
Atchison- 1614 Preferred. 7:<4
Preferred 25 j North American... 5i /4
Adams express... 148 I Northern Pacific.. 4
Alton, Haute. 58 Preferred.. It
American Express.lll Nonnwestern 104
American Tobacco. 79' i: l'referred 145
Preferred IOIV2N. Y. Central 9734
Bay State Gas J7V2 .Y. Chicago&S.L 13
Baltimore & Ohio.. 35V2, Ist preferred 60
Brunswick Lands- ,„ 3 /* l2d preferred ,^BVi !
Buffalo, Roch &V. 10^2 'N. Y. AN. H. ...... 184
Canada Pacific... 67 N.Y. A New Eng. 48
Canada Southern.. /2 N. Y. Susq <fc W... s-y a
Canton l*nd WtS Preferred 27y 2
Central Pacific... 15 ,Ontarlo. 1 0 y,
Ches. A Ohio 1" V 2 Ontario & Western. 151/4,
Chicago Alton 154 Oregon lmpruvmc. 2y a
T'reterrea 170 | Preferred.
Chicago, ti-AH.... .9". a Oregon Navigation. 10
Chicago AE. 111... 43 1 Oregon Short Line. 714 I
Preferred I*'" Pacific Mail 28^4
Chlcagouas 67 %' Peoria, D.A Evans. 3
Cleve <S Pittsburg. 160 Pittsburg A W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 30 Pullman Palace.. .l6o
Consolidated Gas.. 157y 2 Quicksilver 1%
C. C. C. &St. Louis. 38 j Preferred 15V 2
Preferred 90 Reaamg 131,4.
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 30.'! RioGrande&Westn X 6
Preferred. ICO ' 1 Preferred. 44
Cotton Oil Cert.... 17 Rock Islana 725/s
Commercial Cable. 155 |RomeWat&Ogdenllsy 2
Del. Hudson 128 St. L. &S. W D
Del.Lack<tWestemli>3 l'referred. 12
Denver* R. U„ 13 St.Paul 77y
Preferred. 4834' Preferred 129
Distillers W 4 St. Paul & Duluth. 25
General Electric... 30% Preferred 91
Erie T6i» St. Paul & Omaha. 4014
Preferred 26 " Preferred 122
Fort Wayne 162 St. p. M. <fe M 109
GreatNorthernpfd.llo sliver Certincates.. 67 ] /2
Green y 2 Southern Pacific. 20i/ 3
Harlem. , 29 : > fcoumern R. 10
Hocking Coal 3 | Preferred.. ....... 31
Hocking Valley... 17 Sugar Refinery... .l 165/ 8
Homestake 30 I Preferred. 100 i
H. & Texas Cent,. IV% Term. Coal <& Iron. 33%
Illinois Central 94 Preferred 100
lowa Central 9y 2 'Texas Pacific bVa
Preferred 36t/4 Tol.A.A.ife N.inch.
Kansas A Texas.— 13 1 01. A Ohio Cen.... .0
Preferred... 29s/ 8 ! Preferred 65
Kingston <fc Pern,,, 3 Hoi. St. Louis <fc K.O. 6 -
Lake Erie <tWestu 21 1 Preferred 12
Preferred 73 y In ion Pacific 6%
Laic Whore 145 U. P.. D.en. & GulL 4%
National Lead 267/ .S. Cordage....... 5'/ 2
Preferred ..... s8y 2 Preferred liy
Lone Islana 82 j Guaranteed 2;Va
Louisville A Nash. bO% U. S. Express 43
Louisville Na&Ch. B%U. 8. Leather 'oyg
Preferred 24 | Preferred 83.
Manhattan Consoi.lo4c/ 8 , U. S. Rubber 26%
Mempnis A Charts. 16 Preferred 85
Mexican Central... lv t'tlcadtß. River.. lsl
Michigan Central.. 94t /2 IVab. S. L. & Pac. 7
Mlnn<fcS. l. — — 1 Preferred IBV3
Preferred — ,Wells-Fargo f'B
Minn. & St. L com. 20 Western Union.... 85 1 ,4
Ist preferred 79 iWißCentra, 3
2d preferred 48 Wheeling it L. fi.. 12
Missouri Pacific... 2234 Preferred. 38 3 8
Mobile A Ohio 233/2 Am Cotton Oil pfd, 67Va
Nashville Chatt.... 66 U U Beef -83/4
National Linseed.. 19 L I Traction 2iy>
N.J. Central 107 : A llll Arbor 10
iii NO Hr>NT«.
0 B 4s. Reg 109y 2 M X T2ds 60
Do, 4s coupon...! 10 j Do, 85
I" R 4s new reg 116% Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon... 116"/ N J Cent Gen 65. ..118
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac 11 534
Do, 6s 113 i Do, 2ds 109.1.4
Do. 6s coupon....ll3Vi : Do. 80s: ...:.. 76i/w
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 Norm west Consols. 139 "
Do. 1897 100 1 Do, deb 6s 108
D 0.1898 100 OR&N lsts 108
Do. 1899 10 6lLAlronMtGenss 80
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St L & B F Gen 6s. 106%
D. C. 3-6 6s-. 110 St Paul Consols ... 12 7 1 .<
Ala Class A 4 108 St. P. C. &Pa lsts. 114 y 2
Do. Class B 4, 6s. 108 Do, Pac Cal lsts.. 110
LaConsoMs .... 99Vs Southern R. R. ss. 93
Missouri funding..— .Texas Pacific firsts' 87
N Carolina con 65.. 12 2 Texas Pac seconds. 22
Do, 45..:... 103% UnionPac 9ts.lo2Vi
So Carolina 4y 2 5... 106% West Shore 45.. 106
Term new as ... 86y a Mobile <fc Ohio 45.. .68
funding debt... 61 V It GrandeWest lsts 76
Do. Reg Ches<to6s 109V4
Do. deferred 65... . 6y 2 Atchison 4s 77Vi
Do. trust rcpts st 6 j Do. 2d A 263- 4
Canada South 2ds.. 102 [OHABA 65...... 105
Cen Racists or '95 106 I Do, 2d 7s. ...... 100
Den&R G Ist 1131/ 2 !h & Tex Cent 55.. 110
«.■.••,** • 89 i Do. con 104
*r rlf,;2<J To Reading 78%
ivausas Pa Consols 73 | Missouri 65... 100
liii Pa lils DeudlvlOß I
FOREIGN MARKETS. ♦
WHEAT IN l,IVKRPOOI»
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Feb. 18. -The spot # market
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
Is quiet at 5s Byjd@ss lOd. • Cargoes are steady at
28s 6d arrived. yy
futures.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 5s 7y 2 d; March, 5s 7 1 ,' 3 d; April, 557y 3 d;
May, 5s 73id; June, 5s 7^id.
securities.
LONDON, Eng„ Feb. 18.— Consols. 109 1-16; sil
ver, 307/gd; French Rentes, 102f 72yjC.
' EXCHANGE AND BULLION;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $48634
sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 88
sterling Cables...... ■ — 4 88 Vi
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, "flounce • — 673/ 8
Mexican Dollars 63% 641,4
* .
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER . GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Brokers continue to
quote 21s 3d as the current rate, with but lit
tle spot business.- The chartered Wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 36,700, against
27.000 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 47,900 ions, against 72,000; oil the way to
tins port, 210,600 tons, against 186.000.
WHEAT It now turns out that Australia will
want very little more wheat from us. This was
hinted at several weeks ago. Rut Europe will
probably want all we have got to spare. At the
moment the markets are weakening all over the
world, as will he seen by the various quotations.
No. 1. $1 121/2 'A ctl: choice. $1 13%; lower
grades, $1 05®1 10; extra choice lor milling,
$1 221,2^1 27 1,0.
CAM. B9AKD SALES.
Informal sf.ssion— lo o'clock — May — 200
tons. $1 151/2: 100, $1 15%; 220, $1 15y 4 ; 900,
$1 15Vs: 200, $1 15: 1000, $1 14%: 300, $1 14%.
December— loo. $1 181,4.
Regular Morning Sfssion— May— 3oo tons,
$1 14; 1800, $1 T4Vi; 300, $1 14y ; 1000,
$1 143/„. December— loo, $1 13y 3 ; 300, $1 133/ 8 ;
1300, $1 13V4.
Afternoon Session — Decern — 700 tons,
$1 18%; 700, $1 13yj; 400, $1 13%. December—
300, Sl 1414; 700. $1 143/ .
BARLEY— is a lair demand for feed, but
Brewing is very dull. Feed, 68%^70c %* ctl;
choice, 71 Vie; Brewing, 76@82%C.
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Skssiox— lo o'clock No sales.
litiivuK Morning Session— May— loo tons,
72% c: 300, 72y>c; 100, 72»/ c.
Aftkrnoon SESSION— IOO tons. 72y 2 c.
OATS— Over 10,000 centals came in from" the
north yesterday. These receipts have been too
large for the demand for some time, and prices are
sl ghtly lower In consequence. Milling. < 2y 2 (981'c
fl ctl; fancy Peed, 80®85c; good to choice, 721/2
<£Soc; common to fair, 67y 2 ®7oc; Gray, 72yj(g>
HOc; Red, ior seed, $I@l 05; Black, for seed,
90c@$120: Surprise, 90e(g)$l.
CORN— More Nebraska came in yesterday. Ar
rivals are too heavy, trade is dull and prices are
lower. Large Yellow, 90(ffi92y 2 c fl ctl; Small
Round do, $l«i)\ 05; White, 80<g;85c.
RYE— Quiet and slighty lower at at 80@8334 fl
ctl. r-v..-.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85c@$l $ cU.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 90®4 ~~f, bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 80©3 90; su
perfine, $2 75@2 85 "? bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.- Feed Corn, $20 60@21;
Cracked Corn, .$21@21 60 ?< ton.
MILLSTUFFS— in 10-lb sacks are as fol- I
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. I
2 a ,4C; Rye Flour, 3 Vie; Rice Flour. 7 1 ' 2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3 1 2 c:"oatmeal,
33/4 c: Oat Groats. 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4!<i, li/ 4 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3i/ c: Farina,
2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Spilt Peas, 4^4c; Green do,
6 Vie p lb,
HAY AND I'EEOSTI'FFS.
BRAN— SI 3 60@14 50 9 ton, Jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50@18 for lower grades up to
$20 ~f. ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley, $16®17 ton: .
'Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 %i ton; lobbing, ,
$21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY— Steady at the established prices. Wheat, j
$8(3.12 %l ton; Oat. $8(4.9; Wheat and Oat. 88®
11; Barley, $714,9: Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover. $6(3,8 60;
Compressed, $7(a;10 50; Stock, $6@7 fl ton.
STRAW— BSOOOc 'p. bale.
BEANS ANI> SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue dull and unchanged. Bayos
are quotable at $I@l 15 %i ctl; Small Whites,
$1 25(5.1 55 %l ctl; Pea, $1 50@1 65 p ctl:
Large Whites, $1 15@1 27y a ; Pink, 90c@$l 20:
Reds, $1 bOOI 65: Blackeye, $1 80(2,1 90; Red
Kidney, Sl 7.'i(al 80; Llmas, $2 26®2 65; Butters
$1 60(411 75 %i ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 95 •
(g.2 05 "p ctl: Trieste, 92A2 20 "$ ctl; Yellow Mus- i
tard, $1 40;<$1 60: Flax. $1 70®1 75; Canary, 314
@3V 2 c fl lb; Alfalfa s®7c fl th; Rape, l'; 4 (&2c %l
lb; Hemp, 4c %> lti.
DRIED PEAS-Are dull at $1 25@1 40 p ctl for
Niles and $1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONION'S, VEGETABLES,
POTATOES— Receipts were over 120.000 sks, in
cluding 8718 from Oregon. The market is over
loaded and very weak. New Potatoes, 3c; Stockton
Sweets, $1 50; Merced Sweets, $2@,2 25 $1 ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks, 60(&9<'c %l ctl: River Burbanks,
So@4oc >• sk: Oregon Burbanks, 35@60e; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. 50@b0c; River Reds, 60®60c %* ctl;
Early Rose, 80@75c; Petalumas and Tomales, 35
16c,
ON lONS— Steady. Receipts moderate. Good
to choice quoted at 70®86c ~# ctl; Cut Onions,
60<&65c: Oregon; $I@l l"5 p ctl.
VEGETABLES— Prices wore easier again. Cu
cumbers are quotable at 75c(g,52 fl doz: Asparagus,
10@12V'2C V. lb for ordinary and 15® 20c for choice;
Rhubarb, B@loc %* lb; Mushrooms. B@lsc %< lb;
Dried Peppers, 8(S10c >>. lb; Green Peppers.
15(a,20c; Los Angeles Tomatoe3, $1 25@2 fl box;
Green Peas. 2(4.5c "p. lb for Los Angeles and «c for
Bay; String Beans. 10@12y c fl lb: Dried (Jkra,
12y 2 c; Cabbage, 4U@6oc $ ctl; Garlic, 4®sc %} lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $15(4,20 %» ton.
BUTTER, cheese AND eggs.
BUTTER— The market is rather easy and some
what better supplied.
citKAMKHY— Fancy, 27Vfc@28y c ?» lb; special
brands go higher; seconds, 25@27c c* lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 26®27c: good to choice, 24®
26c; lower grades. 22y 2 @23y c.
FJastkrn— Ladle-packed, 13(§,18c "<&> Ib.
CHEESE— shelves are still bare. Fancy mild
new, 12y 2 (4)13c %l tb; common to good, 10@12c;
Cream Cheddar, 12®13c c* lb; Young America,
12-4>l3c; Western, l2Va@l 3c; Eastern, 13(g,14c.
EGGS— There was another decline yesterday and
receipts were larger. Store Eggs, 14®15c; ranch
Eggs, 15@17V c ~& dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens and old Roosters are in heavy
stocK and demoralized. Young stock is getting
firm again. Turkeys are in moderate receipt.
Eastern Hens are quoted at $5@5 50 fl dozen.
Live Turkeys, ll®l2c %< lb lor Gobblers and 12(g)
13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 13@16c: Geese 'fl
pair, $1 50(q,l 75; Ducks. $4 50(a,6~f0r old and $6
®7 for young: Hens, $3 5 0ta. 4 'p doe; Roosters,
young, $5®5 60: do, old, $3 25®3 50: Fryers, $4 50
•@5: Broilers. $4®4 50 for large and $;-:(a,3 50 for
small ; Pigeons, 9203 25 %l doz for young and
$1 25(4:1 50 for old.
OAMF2— Receipts are steadily decreasing and the
season will soon be over. Hare quoted at 70(g) I6c fl
doz; Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cottontails and 75c for
small: Gray Geese, ft] 50; White Geese, 50®7 6c;
Brant, 75c: Honkers, $2®2 50.
DECIDUOUS . AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Are dull and in ample supply at 85c@
91 f* box for good to choice, 50@76c for common
to fniraiiu 51 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS F'RUITS-The market continued dull
with large stock. Oranges are quotable at
75c@$l 25 for Seedlings and $1 75@2 75 for Navels:
frozen stock goes down to nothing: Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and $2®2 60 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. 85@5 50: California Limes, 65®
86c; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 bunch; Pineapples, $2 '
fes c 1 dozen •
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— There is no business in any
article under this head. Dealers continue to ex
pect a revival,' but it does not come. The follow
ing prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c $ th for quar
tered, 3®3y 2 c ¥ tb for sliced and 414 c%* lb for
evaporated; Peaches. 3y 2 @4c %< lb and 5y 2 ®6c
lor fancy: peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7y 2 ®
S-'sC for prime to choice, 9 Vic for fancy and 10®
lie '41 lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 2y 2 c
for unpressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears,
7c * lb for evaporated halves. 4®6y 2 c $lb for
quarters; Prunes. S^ic: Plums, 4c fl tb for pit
ted and li' @2V 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®6c
$ lt> for prime to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
JOBBING Pricks— Apples, 4@4i/2C: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for faucy-; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y a c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c p lb for 40(g)60's I
and be for 50@60's; Apricots. 6(a9Vac for prime to
choice and DjftOllc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, '
black, 2V4@2:«4c: White Figs, 3®sc; Pears. 6y c
for evaporated halves and 3@sy c for quarters;
Plums, 3' 2 @4c tor pitted and l(g)li/i2C ior un
pitted: Nectarines. 4@6c $ Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload tot*, f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, 85(g)90c f. box; four-crown, loose, 3'/4,c
"i* lb; three-crown, loose, 2Vic %* tb; two-crown.
2c; seedless Sultanas, 384@4c; seealess Muscatels,
2y 2 @234c: three-crown London layers. 70c: clus
ters, $1 35(g,l 50; Dehesa dusters. $2 10®2 25-
Imperial clusters, $2 60® 2 75; Dried Grapes, 2 V.c
$ lb. ■ ■.;•-' *
Jobbino Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown, 2Vi@2Vac: 2-crown, l%@2c; Seedless Bul
taiius. i (a.ic: Seedless Muscatels, 2 c; 3-crowu
London layers. 85c®$l; clusters, 81 40(a)l 50
Dehesa Ousters, $2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 76
Dried Grapes, 2y ? c. '
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc • $ lb; Walnuts. 7fl)Bc
fl lb for No. 1 hard and 9@9V'2 for sot tshell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7y»c lor Languedoc and
2 @loc for paper-shell, Jobbing; Peanuts, 6®6c
for Hasten and 3y B @4y c for California; Hickory
Nuts, s(g*6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Rrazil Nuts, @8c fl lb;
Cocoanate, 84 60(g)5 fl 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at* 10@12c $ lb
for bright and B®9c * Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5y 2 c %l tb; light amber ex
tracted, 4y ®4%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BEESWAX— 24®27c p lb: ,
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— Hams, Bacon and Lard are
firm, at the improved prices. Bacon is quot
able at ' 6Vgc %l lb for heavy, 7 Vie lb for
light medium. 9V»c for light. 10% c for extra
light and 12y 2 c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sngar-curea Hams, HVic: California Hams,
TOiffilOV-iC; Mess Reef, $8 r & bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10: extra prime Pork, $9^ bbl;
extra clear. $10 bbl; mess, $14 %* bbl: Smoked
B<;ef. 10@l0VaC %i lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6y 3 c sj»
lb for compound and 8c for pure; palls, By2C; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6y 3 c for pure;
half-bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 7Vs c : do 61b, 7 % c H lb.
COTTOLENE— 7i/4C in tierces and 8c lb in 10
--lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Previous prices rule with
a dull market. Heavy salted steers quoted at 7c
t* lb: culls and brands. 6c 3 lb; medium, 6c; culls
and brands. 6c; light 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o(a)syac: culls and brands, 4@4y 2 c; salted
Kin. 5c ■$ lb; salted Calf, Xc "$ lb; sailed veal.
6c: dry Hides, I0@llc; culls and brands, 7@7y 2 c;
dry Kin and Veal, 9c; culls, 6V2@"c: dry Calf,
16c: culls,- Goatskins, 20®35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25<$30c: medium. Js(#
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
16ce»eh; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
<g.soc each : long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about Vie less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, sy 2 @4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 6%c; Grease, 2i. 2 c %* lb.
Wool A local dealer says in a circular: "There
Is nothing to report in Wool, no trade to report lo
cally and business at the Atlantic (seaboard is pro
nounced dull, parllcu arlv so for domestic Wools.
There are not over 1000 bags of Wool here in first
hands, but some local Operators have yet consider
able unsold stock. 'The writer has just returned
from an extended trip up the San Joaquin. The
prospects ure good for a nice spring clip, as grass
is coming forward rapidly and sheep are, as a rule,
•In line condition." We quote Fall as follows: East
ern Oregon. 9@llc %* lb; Sun Joaquin and South
ern. 3@6c; Nevada, 9c '$ lb.
HOPS— 3@'6c ~& tb. The market is still stagnant I
and the quotations must be considered nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 12y 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c.
COAL— A decline in Cons Bay is announced.
Wellington is quotable at $8 1* ton; New
Wellington, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50
iS t"n: Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 60: Scotch, $7 60: Rrvmho,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel,sß: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Cone, $10 60 in
bulk and $12 50 "^ ton in sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— Apricots are quotable at $1
(a.l 05 ~~s dozen; Peaches, $1 10@1 30; Pears, $1 25
S 1 35 $ dozen: White Cherries, $2 26; Black Cher
ries, $1 75; Plums, 90cfa$l.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 70®
72y 2 c V- dozen; Peas, 95c@$l 05 $ ddzen.
COFFEE— We quote:
Costa Rica— 2o@2o ;, / 4C for good to prime washed :
19:Vic nom. for good; 18* 4 '<3 19' nom. forgood
mixed with black beans; l7(£18c nom. for fair;
14@16y a c lor common to ordinary.
Sa vaijiir- 18@19-%c for fair to good washed;
18% c nom. for good green unwashed. •
• UIATKMAIA ANtl M KXICAK— 2034@211,4e for
prime to strictly prime washed; 193 /4 a c for
good to strictly good washed; ISgia'/uc for fair
washed: 1 6 1 , 2 @17-'s4c for medium; lb@l6c for
ordinary; 12%®14l/ 2 c for inferior to common;
21 y 'rt2l'*4c for good to prime washed jieaberry:
201 tc nom. forgood unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod., catch of 1895: 100- lb cases
quotable at 6c © lb: 50- bundles, 5c "r" tb: Silver
King Strips, 8c r 1 16; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c lb;
Tablets, 8c %i lb; Seabrlghl Blocks. 7V c: Pacific
Herring, 18c "$ box; Dutch do, $I®l 25 ~& keg;
Whitetish, $1 60 in lialf-bbls and $175 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2. $26: No. 3, $24: half-bbls— No. 1,
$12: No. 2, $10 50; No. 3, $9 50; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2. $1 60: No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— S4O $ flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c:
bbls, SOc "0 gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c: do, raw. 48c; cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls, 61c;
No. 1, 61c: cases 5c higher; China Nut, 39(«>47c $1
gal.
PETROLEUM— EIaine is quotable at 24y 2 c "ft
gal; Eocene, 2iy 2 c %* gal; Headlight, 175°,
cases, 2ii. 2 c; Star, 10i.,r; extra Star, in case-,
231/2 C; Astral, Ihi 2 : Pearl, 19y 3 c: Standard. 110
fire test, 17y c V gal in cases, 18c faucets and
iH'y in bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk,
14y 2 c: Mineral Seal, bulk, 19c: wood bbls, 21 y 2 c:
cases, 24.- V gal: Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood
bbls, 22V 2 c; cases, 26c '? gal.
GASOLINE, ETC. — 63° Benzine, bulk, 16c;
cases, 21c; 74° Gasoline, bulk, 16c; cases, 21c; 87°
Gasoline, bulk. 23c; cases, 28c per gal.
Willi E LEAD— Quoted at 5" -.■' "#» lb.
BED LEAD— Quotable at tH.,c i* lb.
TURPENTINE— % gal.
CANDLES— Granite Candles. 6s. 16 oz. 10'4c;
do. 140z,9y c;d0,120z,8:< + i:.]o. 10oz,8Vic; Elec
tric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz, 834 c; do, 14 oz, 8c;
do, 12 oz, 7y 2 c; do, 10 oz, 6- 4 c; Paraffine Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s. 14 oz, 9 Vic;
assorted colors, same sizes, 10 Vic.
LEATHER— Extra heavy Sole Is quotable at
27@28c for No. 1 and 26@26c for No. 2; heavy
Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c for No. 3: medium
Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2: light Sole,
25c for No. 1 and 21@23c %* lb for No. 2.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 61,4 c;
Confectioners' A, 51 . *■ : Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
<. 1 ! 2 c; Golden C, 43/ c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes '2 c mbre.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
%* gal. ________ '-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm. Beef and Mutton are steady.
Wholesale rates for aressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BEEF— First quality,- si'! 2 c: second quality,
4V2@sc; third do, 3y 2 @4c fi tb. -;,*.'-
VEAL— Large, 6@bc; small, 6®7c lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Vi2@7c; Ewes, 6@6y 2 c
¥ lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12y a ; yearlings, 7@Bc
%* Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4®4Vic for large and 4Vi@
43 a c for small: dressed do, 6®6yic %4 lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each: Redwood, $5 fi cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9.
I AN HARK- sl4 "£ cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $13
®17 60 for the different lengths; No. 2, $11; No.
1 Flooring, »21@26; Lath, $2: Redwood; $16 for
No. 1 and $13 for N0.2; Bust lc, slß®23; Shingles,
common, $1 50: Shakes, $9 .$ M. 'y -
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 BOOTS.
Flour.or. sks 23,065; Br«n, met ;.. 3,860
Washington 22,188 Middlings, 5k5..... 67
Oregon 2.o9o' Hides, no 408
Wheat, ctls 3,560 Pelts. Ddls.... 90
Oregon 2. 160 Wine, gals. 62.500
Barley, ctls 6.515 Brandy, gals. 1,000
Oats, Or. ctls 3,645 ; Butter, ctls 394
Washington 6,730 Cheese, ctls 18
Corn, ctls 300 Eggs, doz 13,710
Nebraska 1,250 Leather, rolls 55
Potatoes, sks 3,514 Quicksilver, flasks 95
Oregon 8,718 Paper, reams 750
Washington 263 Lime, bbls 81
Onions, ski 185 Broom Corn, bales 355
Oregon 22 Wool, bis 41
Hay. tons. 339,Ta110w. ctls 271
. — , ~— *
THE STOCK MARKET.
Yesterday was another day of depression, and
prices ran along on an unchanged level. On the
Stock and Bond Exchange the Sugar stocks were
lively and higher. Hutchison rising to 19i.' a and
Hawaiian Commercial to 16y a bid. In New York
American Sugar stock rose to 116V4. and the
whole sugar situation was stronger, owing to a rise
In the price of raw sugar to 4y 8 cents. Spring
Valley Water rose to 981 bid, upon the news that
the .Supervisors had Hied the rates the same as for
last year.
At the annual meeting of the standard Consoli
dated Mining Company Monday 74,681 shares
were represented, and the following directors were
elected: P. N. Lilienthal, W. 11. uscanyan, J. \V.
Pew, C. 11. Badeau, N. Westhelmer, A. P. Brayton
and William Burro we. p. N. Lilienthal was chosen
president, W. H. Oscanyan vice-president, .1. W.
Pew secretary. The total receipts of the past year
were $197,106 11, of which 16,970 04 came
from the bullion produced by the mine and
$78,937 46 from the product of' the tailings plant.
A very large sum of money was expended on the
electric-power and tailings-plant systems, vet the
company paid two dividends amounting to
$9451 40 each, and lias a present cash balance in
its treasury of $21,465 35, with outstanding liabili
ties of $633 43
The i.ady Washington Consolidated assessment
will be delinquent in the company's oillce to-day.
Assessments Pending.
Following is a list of assessments no.v pending:
. „ Delinqt
Company. No. Amt. in the I Sale Day.
' I Board. |
Mono 38i lOi.Jan 80,. Feb 25
_J v *ge B*l- 20,. Feb 4 .Feb 26
lla 611 101. Feb 13. March 9
Justice. 60 10. Feb l::' March 9
Union ton 62 20 .Feb 14 .March 17
Crown Point 66 20. Feb 16|. March 12
lAdy Washington... 11l 06. Feb 16. March 10
i v ' iaCo a 7 05!. Feb 17 .March 11
Silver King i 3 .Feb 2B .April 6
A . ,ldeß - 42 15. Men 1 .March 28
Sierra Nevada 110 25;.Mch al. March 27
Bulwer Con 12 O.V.Mch 7i. April 3
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the .San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
RFOt't.AR MOBNIN-q SltWlflS COMWKS(ttN9 : 30.
50 A1pha... ..11 200 Confl 99201) 0phir...1.25
100 Andes.. 15 100 C Point. . .SB|loo I'otosi 51
300 8e1cner...25 100Excnqr...05 Union.... 50
jO Challnge.,362oo G AC 401300 Utah..:.. .11.
300 Chollar....oi 100 H<feN ....1.201100 V Jackt..36
260 CC.&V...2.00.300 0ccidt1..1.051500 .....37'
ArTKRNOON BKBSIOnf —2:30. ."' -.' y ;
100 A1ta... .... 1 3 300 CC* V... 2.00400 0cc1d...1.00
200 Andes. . . .15200 Crown Pt.3B; 50 S B<ft M...08
100 Chollar....6l|'Joo 0 A C... 39,100 Union C...50
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Loard yesterday:
RKoiir.^R SKSSIOV — TO:ll. -.
300 Aloha Hi2SOCCitV2.O2y 2 TOO 0phir...1.25
500 Alta 131200 ConH...; 300 0vnnn....16
100 Ande5.... .15^600 C Point. ...38 200 Po:osi 51
800 Belcher... .25:500 Exchqr.,.,o6 400 5avage.....47
300 Biß 76300 A C:.... 401500 Scorpion..o2
200 8u11i0n. ...1i1150 H<tN... 1.20 200 S Bat M...08
200 Ca1eda.. ..06 200 Kentck....05 300 SNev..:..d9
200 07 200 Mexican..s7 400 Union C...51
200 Cha11ng... 36,200 Occid.. . 1.001300 V Jacket..37
300 Clioiiar. ...61 200 1.02
AFTKRNOOX SESSION — 2:30.
600 Aloha 12 20O Change.. .37i400 0vrmn....15
400 Alia ..13 800Ch011ar...61 150 Potosi 61
600 Ande5......14 200 C0nn... ...98 700 Savage. ...47
100 8e1cher....24 300 G & C 39400 AM...07
200 B A B 76750 HAN ...1.20 200 S Nev....39
200 78100 ..1.17V'21100 Union ....51
400 77200 Mexican.. sß 200 ...........50
100 80die. ....35 100 Mono 12200 Utah 11
100 Bulwer.... 14 100 0vrmn....16 400 V Jacket.. 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 18-4 p.m.
■-.'.' Bid.Askfd.i BlA.Atkfl.
Alpha Con 13 14 Jackson. 40 60
Aha. 12 13|Julia .. _ — 06
Andes 14 16 Justice...,'.'.... 10 12
8e1cher........ 24 26 KentucK. . .... 05 07
Best & Belcher. 77 77 Lady Wash.... — 06
BentonCon...; — 40Mayflower 150 —
Bodie 35 37 Mexican 65 67
8u11i0n. ..... 11 13 Jit. Diablo....- 15 20
Bulwer _ 13 — Mono . .... — 12
Caledonia 06 08 Nevada Queen. _ 05
Challenge Con. 36 37, Occidental 1.00 1.05
Choliar 61 62 0phir. ........ 1.25 1.30
Con. Cal. A Va. 2.00 2.05 Overman 15 16
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Potosi * 61 62
Confidence.*.. _. 95 99 Savage 47 48
Con.NewYorfc — 06 Seg. Belcher... 07 09
Crown Point... 37 39 Sierra Nevada. 'AH 39
EastSierraNe* — 04 Scorpion 02 —
Exchequer. 05 06 Silver Hlll"I„ — 03
Eureka C0n.... 25 —Syndicate 02 ' '. —
Gould A Curry. ' 38 39 Union 49 51
Rale <_Norc£_ 1.20 1.251 Utah 10 11
lowa — 04|Yeilt>w Jacket. 37 38
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE;
TUESDAY, Feb. 18-2 p. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Atked.i Bill. Asked.
C B c0np..109y 2 110y 2 U S4s reg.. .116,* —
Do. newis,lo9V2llOV2l
MISCELLAXKOtTS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless.llO — '.Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lo4 — 1 J <feO 05.105 120
Cntra W ss. — 100 PA Rv 6s. 102% 106
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Fwl-st.RR6s. — 116y
EdsnLAP6s.losy — Reno. WL<teL — 105
F&CHRR6S. 07 — River C 063 — 100
Geary-stßss. — 105 Sactop _ L..100 102%
LosAngL6s. — 101 'SF&NPRRSaIOOIiIOI
Do,Gnted.6s,loiy lo3 bPRRAri7.6s — 96
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — ISPRR Calßs.. — 109y
DoßyConss..loß 109 jSPRRCaI&s.. — 97 V
NevCNgRSs. 85 — |Sl'BrßCal6s. 9614 97Vi
NPCRR6S. - 104 SVWater6s..l22 ' — '
NRyCal6s. — 104 SVWater4s... »914 99 :, i
NRyCal6s. — 103 !stktn<;,tE6 j 102 103 ~y%
Oak Gas .100 — SunstTAT6s. 100 — '
Do. 2d iss 102 1- 2 — Sutter-stßss,lo9 —
Omnibus 65.. 11 9 1/4 — VisallaWC — 92
PacßollM6s- — —
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 40 60 1 Pan Jose — »5
Marin C 0.... 49 63 JSpringValley 99 99Vi
. i ;-"-T''.'.>-' t.' «AS STOCKS. ' •
Capital _ 39 (Pacific Light. 46i / 2 —
Central..... 95 — San Francsco 723/ 72y 2
Oak LA H. 61 61 v 2 Stockton. .... — ' 2iy 2
Pac Gas Imp. 7Hy a 80 |
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlremansFd.l69 — |Sun 60 —
~y. '''"; , '?■■ COMMERCIAL HANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — |LondonPAA.l2B3i —
Anglo-Cal... 68Vi — LondonASF. — ' 30
Bank of Ca1.. 23 240 .Merch Ex.... la —
CaISDATCo.. 671/8 573 8 Nevada ... — —
FlrstNationl.l77 180 -feather — —
Grangers.... — — 1
BAVIKOS BANK STOCKS.
GerS<fcLCo.. — 1160 A Loan.. - 102y 3
HumbSAL.IOOO — [Security 240 —
Mutual - 41 Union Trust.Boo —
SFSavUnion4Bo 487 3 ]
,* STREET ItAILROAO STOCKS.
California,... 106 — ,Oak,SLAHay — 100
Geary-5t..... 60 70 Presidio 4y a —
Market-st..- 45 V 4 47% Sutter-st — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — | Judson — —
California.... — 98 V'igorit, — 1
Glint. 15% IB '
MIRCKLI.ANI.ot-s STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 96 OceanicSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo, — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — I'ac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — LAN Co. — 30
Edison Light. 97 99 Pac Roll Mill 29 y 42y 2
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. 63 8 : 7 J / 2
Ger end to. 85 92% PacTrausOo. — 24
HawCASCo- 163 8 ifis, 8 PacT&'i'Co 60 —
HutchSPCo.. 18% 19 ' SunsetTJtT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — United CUo.. — 25
MerEx AssulOO 110 | .__f9
MORS INO SESSION.
Board— so Hawaiian Commercial, 16: 100 do.
168/ ; 10 Pacific lias Imp, 78%; 50 Hutchinson S
P co, 1?%: 20 do. 1734; 60 do. 177/ 8 : 50 do. 18:
160 do. 18V'a: 145 s v water. 98; 10 no, 97V'2: 10
do, «BVi: 2o do, 98y 2 ; $1000 U S 4% Bonds, cou
pon, 110.
Street-S2OOO Ferries and Cliff Bonds, 107; 25
Hawaiian Commercial, 15y 2 ; 50 Hutchinson S P
Co, 17Vi.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— Market-st Railway. 45 y 2 ; 35 Ha
waiian Commercial, 17: 65 do, )6%3 70 do. 36V4:
30 do, 60: 100 Hutchinson S P Co, 19: 50 do, 191 8 :
10 S V Water. 99; $5000 S F AN P Railway
Bonds, TOO Vs- - :.'-'..
Street— lo Cal Safe Deposit, 57ti; TOO Hutch
inson S P Co, 18%: 10 Pac Gas Imp, 7834 ; 50 S V
Water, 99. ....-•:,*,■- .
• — * — «■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
, ... „
Ralph P. Merilllot to Charles P. Harris, lot on E
line of Buchanan street, 137:6 N of Bush, N 25 by
f; no: $10.
Thomas and Mary Ryan to Mary Ryan, lot on N
line of St. Rose's street, 135 W of Masonic avenue,
W 25 by N 100; gift.
Clara B. S. de Billavosa to H. M. C. Mangels,
NE J corner 100-vara lot 9, Laguna Survey, W
68:9 by 8 275; $1.
William Hinkel to Charles A. and. Henry C. Ben
nett, lot on E line of Belvedere street, 210 N Of
Frederick. N 25 by X 121:10_; $10.
• Joseph B. Toplitz to Myra S. Cloud, lot on S cor
ner of Eleventh and.F'olsom streets. SE 70. SW 80,
NW 70, NE to beginning; also lot on SE corner of
Hickory and Buchanan streets, 8 33 by F;82:6,
subject to deed of trust; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to William Mc
cormick, lot on S corner of Market and urady
Streets, SW 75 by SE 121 ; ?10.
Same to Louis Kuehler, lot on sw line of Brady
street. 146:434 NW of West Mission, NW 25 by
SW99: $10.
Annie Roberts to William Roberts, lot on S line
of Cumberland street, 105 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
S 114; gift.
William • Roberts to Mary E. Roberts, same:
gift.
■ Ferd R*ds and Samuel Davis to Giovanni B.
Ratto, lot on W line of Folsom street, 100 S of
Twenty-fourth, 8 25 by w 122:6: $10.
James G. Brady to K. Genty, lot on SE corner of
Broadwa3 - and Montgomery avenue, E 42:814,
S 51:3, NW 66:7V 2 : $5.
Edward and Amelte Oenty to John F. Boyd, lot
on corner on S line of Broadway with NE line of
Montgomery avenue, E 42.69, S to Montgomery
avenue, NW to beginning; $10.
Joseph Wagner Manuiacturlng Company to
Charlotte F. Clarke, lot on SW corner of Mission
and Spear streets, SW 91 :8 by SE 137:6; $10.
Sol and Dora Uetz to George W. Hushes, lot on
line of Twentieth avenue, 325 S of Point Lobos,
S2sby E 120: $10.
J. J. and Bridget Kenny to Henry Vorrath. lot
on NW corner of C street and Twenty-fifth avenue,
W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Andrea Rosso to \V. B. and Sarah Harrison, lot
on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 S of J street,
25 by E 120; $10.
William .Land Annie A. Ahem to Joseph B.
Keenan, lot on 8 line of D street, 82:6 W of Forty
first avenue. Wsoby S 100; 10. .
■ Isaac and Mary Craig to M. C. Nunan, lot on S
line of Cortland avenue, 163:9 W of North ave
nue, W 25 by S 90, blocks, Fairs subdivision,
Holly Park; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Albert
and Diedncb Meyer, lot 4, plat 5, Templar Section:
$275.
Same to Claus Schwartz, lot 5, plat 5, same;
$275.
Same to Annie Sinclair, lot 1, plat 8, same: $300.
Same to Sarah J. Wilson and Lizzie Wigmnre,
lot 11, plat 3, same; $285.
Merrila Ackney to Martin Lammers, all Interest
in the estate of Annie Winter; $55.
ALAMKDA CO PUTTY. i
Raymond and Lizzie Huber to Jacob M. Schnei
der, lot 23, block 12, Oakland : $10.
George II and Jesse C. Fonda to P. W. Fonda, lot
on N line of Goss st., 105:7% _ of Pine, E 75 by N
75, being lots 13, 14, 15, block 30. lands of Oak
land Point Ferry Landing Tract 406, Oakland;
gift.
Olaf Thompson to F. F. Weston, lot 103, Drexler
Tract, Oakland I owushtp; gram.
Ell and Mattie A. Bowen to Frances M. Bryant,
lot on F. line of Rnbv street, 100 S of Weston ave
nue. s 50 ny E 100, being lots 10 and 12. Oakland
Railroad Homestead, subject to a mortgage to the
Central Bank for $1000, Oakland Township; $10.
Mary F. Delanoy to F. W. and Marian F. Dela
noy, undivided 2/3 Interest in lot on NE corner of
Orand street and Eucinal avenue, E 100 by N 45,
.Alameda; gift. • -
D. T. and Adelaide M. Mershou to L. L. M. Sals
bury, lots 3 and 4, block E: lots 16, 17, 22 and 23,
block 24; lots 40 and 41. block 33: resubdivision
of smith's subdivision to Mathews Tract, subject to
a mortgage for $600. Berkeley; $10. -
L. L M. and Emilie W. Salsbury to May B. For
rest (wife of S. P.), same, subject to same, Berke
ley $10.
Charles M. and Sallle H. Cayley to John Hinkel,
lot on 8 line of dimming way, 350 W of Bowditch
street, W 100. S 300, _ 150, S 165, \V 50, N 135 to
beginning, block 7, College Homestead, Berkeley;
$10.
Estella tf. Sonant to John Couant, lot 5, sub
division o* Lake Merrltt Park, East Oakland; $10.
Oscar and Helene steinbaeh to James Wall, lot
on N line of Railroad avenue, 88:7% W of Mc-
Pherson street. W 50 by N 150, portion of Mastick
property, Alameda; $900.
Builders' Contracts.
Jeanne M. A. Carlo with D. M. Weismann and
C. Bartels, alterations and additions to building un
S line of Jackson street. 47:6 E of Mason;. $3219.
J. .B. Betteibach and . wife with Weinaehl A
Franz, to erect a one-story building, on N line of
California street, 32:6 W of Twelfth avenue;
$2092. __ ■ _____
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1896.
M .
w.
iTH.
j Fr.
! Ha.
Moon's Phases.
i^\ Last Quarter.
— — | v 4w' February 5,
8 '— — '■
. 4fiS\ New Moon.
; = 4
5
12
• «>« mew moon.
— Vm/ February J3.
16 ,
L(R!\ New Moon.
■ SA' February J3
10
11
II
l^i First Quarter
~l VVFi-bruarv 31.
! /*\\ First Qua
I 'vi'i'ebruary
16
17
1. .: i -*=-'j curuurv
I 22— —
■ \,fL2^ Full Mnnn
■ i=m* * ull .Moon,
~ i 28.
29 '
,^\ Full Mo.
24
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I Dates of Departure Prom San Franclnco.
BTBAMKIt. | DKSTINA THIN !
»A I H.
PIER.
Del .Norte .. Uravs HarDor. Feb la. 3pm'
Point uima. Grays Jiaroor. Feb 19,4pm Pier 'I
Corona tan Dieco Fobl9.llAM Pier 11
CityPuebla.. , Vie it 1V( Snrt I'clil9. {<asi Pier 9
Pomona Humboldtliay Feb 19. 2pm Pier 9
Homer Coos iJav .. Kebl9. spi* Oceanic
San Juan.... Cen America.. Feb'Jo,l2M I'M BS
Kureka Newoors PebSl, Haw Pier 11
date of Cai P0rt1and. ...... I F«b 23.10 am Pier 24
EtnttKoia.. San Dlceo Feb23.llAM Pier 11
Walla Walla Vie & Pgt Snd Feb :'*. 9am Pier 9
M Pain Ne-.VDOK Feb2s. 9am Pier 11
Willamt Val Mexico Fob 10am Pier 11
City Peking. China A Japan Feb 25. 3pm PMSS
Arnzo toon iiav Feb25.lOAM Pier 13
Empire Newport Keb26, !)am Pier 11
Weeott I'ol ltiver 1-Vli'JH !
I
STEAMERS TO AKUIVE.
Steamer |
j Dub
Willamette Vai. : Mexico Feb 19
Eureka Newport Feb 19
GeoW Elder Portlnnd Feb 19
Nan Bern to 1 acoma Feb 20
Walla Walla Victoria Puget Sound 1 .. Feb 20
PiatoofCal Portland . Feb i'O
EantaKosa. Nan Diego- Feb 21
I'rouri'so Seattle Feb 21
North Fort lliimboMt Bay Feb 22
Columbia Portland ; Feb 22
Costa Kica Departure Jsar ..Feb -'-
Empire Portland ..Feb 22
Pomona. tiumboidt iJav Feb 22
Araeo Coos Hay Feu 23
StPaui Newport Feb 23
Sniuose Panama. L.P«b 23
Mackinaw Taroma Feb 23
Beigic China and Japan Feb 25
South Coast Portland Feb 25
Corona San Diego ! ..t'ei) 25
I ma;illa Victoria & Pueet Sound ..Fob 25
Queen Portland Feb 25
Crescent Citr... I Orescent Oitv ..Feb 26
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. B. Coast ano Geodetic Survey Tide"!
Bri.i.KTtN Published nr Official >-
AUTHORITY OK THE I'KIUNTKMIKNT, )
Wednseday, Feb. 19. [ Wednesday, Feb. 19.
Sunrises 6.55 Sun sets 5.54
February— lß96.
I Tlme Feet 1 Time iv f..^ rime Feet l T1 _ m .! Feet
" " w I, W i i'H Wl i. w
19 2.51 4.8| 9.44 ,0.8 4.19! 3.0 1 8.53 2.1
20 3.20 111,14 0.5 6.81 2.9 9.30 2.5
21 4.01 4.8111.50 0.2 7.47 2.9 i 10.21 2.9
22 4.56 4.8112.55—0.!! 8.58 3.2 j 11.39 3 0
23 6.04 5.0 1.55!— 0.0 9.42 3.5*
( L W F<-et JI W Feet L W Feet, II W Feet
24 1.01 3.0 7.15 6.2 2.48 —0.9 IIM7 3.9
25 2.16 2.7 8.20 5.4! 3.35—1.2 10.50 4.2
26 3.17 2.5 1 9.20 6.5 4.17 . — 1.2ii1.1»| 4.4
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last ride of the day, except
when there are but three tides, :to sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United suites Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from Hie depth given by i he charts.
HXDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Officr., U. S. N. "»
MJBHCHANTS' EXCHAVOK. >-
San Francisco. February 18. 189 R. )
The time ball on Telegraph lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 v. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechteles,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.; in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY', February 18.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 25 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 14 days, pass and mdse, to P
M s s Co.
Stmr Corona. Doran. 18 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr City Of Everett. Buckmann, 96 hours from
Departure Bay; 3620 tons coal, to X Dunsmuir A
Sons.
stmr Homer. Drisko. 38 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to J D Spreekels >& Bros Co.
j Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 21 hours from Usal;
tr ties, 190 M ft lumber, to V'sal Lumber Co.
Bark (has It Kenney, Anderson, 19 days from
i Departure Bay, via Clallam Bay 11 days; 1686
tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Schr John D Tallant, Olsen, 10 days from
Kabulul: sugar, molasses and hides, to Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Co.
delimit . -
TUESDAY; February 18.
Stmr City Of Puebla, DebrieyJ Victoria and Port
Townsend: Uoodall, Perkins _ Co.
stmr Zealandia, Clark, Panama and way ports;
PM S Co.
stmr Mexico, Carroll, Seattle; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Br ship Glenbank, Leonard, Moody ville; F Lioyd
Jones. y~ •
Br ship Boss-shire, Baxter, Sydney; Williams,
Brown & Co. ■
Sailed. -.:•■" *.'••.
TUESDAY', February 18.
U S stmr Adams, Watson, Honolulu.
Stmr Mexico, Carroll, Seattle. y
Stmr Arago, Feed, COOS Bay.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Farallon, Paton, Yannina Bay.
Stmr Zealandia, Clark, Panama.
Stmr Queen, Green, Asoria.
Br shin Lanaca, Giles, Port Townsend,
Bktn Monitor, Turloff. Portland.
Schr -Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Fortuna, Roslch. Eureka.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— February 18-10 pm- Weather
hazy; wind calm.
Charter*. y»
The schr Transit loads mdse for Honolulu: ship
-. Oriental, coal at Departure Bay for this port: Br
: ship Scottish Dales, lumber at Tacoma for Ade
laide or Port Pirie. 40s, Deiagoa Bay 57s 6d, D X
■ or continent 60s— prior to arrival: bktn Willie R
j Hume, lumber at Port Blakelev for Shanghai; schr
I Zampa, lumber at Tacoma for Guaymas.
Spoken.
Jan 29— Lat BS, long 34 W, Br ship Glenericht,
hence Oct 25 for Liverpool.
Domestic Ports.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 18— Stmr **rogreso, for
San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— Arrived FeD 18— Stmr Scotia, hnc
Feb 17.
IVKUSKNS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 18— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Feb 13.
CLEONE— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Greenwood,
! hence Feb 17.
HUENEME— Arrived Feb 18-Stmr Excelsior,
! from San Diego.
Sailed Feb IS— Stm Excelsior, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr'i'ruckee, line
Feb 14; stinr South Coast, hence Feb 13: bark
1 Aureola, hence. F'eb 8. -. * . > ■ ;
Sailed Feb 18— Stmr State of California, for San
Fraucisco; stmr Signal, for Puget Sound.
FrSKS .MlLL— Arrived Fob 17— Schr Bender
Brothers, hence Feb 15.
Sailed Feb 15— ichr Mary Etta, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Feb 18-Schr Etta B, hnc
Feb 16.
Sailed Fid, 18— Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived F'eb 18— Stmr Caspar, from
Caspar.
Sailed Feb 18— Bktn Portland.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb 18-Stmr Navarro.fm
Eureka.
VENTURA— Arrived F'eb 18— Stmr Geo Loomis,
hence Feb 16.
TATOOSH — Passed Feb 18— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence F'eb 18, for Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 18-Schr Alcalde, for
Port Blakeley: Beulah, for Umpqna River.
Arrived Feb* 18 - Bktn Pur. land, from Seattle.
SAN DIEGO- Sailed Feb 18-Schr Joseph Russ.
for Puget Sound. '
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 18-^Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, hence Feb 14.
Sailed Feb 14— Schr Daisy Rowe, for San.Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived F'eb 18— Schr W
S Phelps, hence Feb 15.
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 18— Stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feblß-Bark Car
rollton, from Iquique; Br ship Algburtb, hence F'eb
9.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Edward Parke
from San Pedro: sciir Ida Schnauer, hence Feb 1;
stmrTillamook, hence Feb 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 18-Schr Peer
less, hence. Feb 6: schr Meteor, from San Pedro.
Sailed F'eb 18-Schr Chas i: Falk, for San Pedro.
Foreign Port.*.
YOKOHAMA— sailed Feb I— Bark Henry Morse
for San Francisco.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Feb 15— Br ship Ainsdale. for !
Santa Rosalia.
PON A RTH— Sailed Feb 17— Hal ship F S Ciampa
for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— sailed Feb 17— Ital bark Oriente,
for San Francisco. *
DEAL— Passed Feb 17— Br ship Brenda, from
London, for San Francisco.-
FNSENADA- Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Willamette
Valley, for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Feb 18-Shlp Yo
semit'e. hence Feb 8.
.CALCUTTA— SaiIed Feb 18— Br shin Suther
landshlre. for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlvad Feb 15-Br ship Port
Stanley, from Oregon; Br ship Auldgirth. from
Oregon: Feb 15— Ger ship Alice, hence Oct 3
ISLE -OF WlGHT— Passed Feb 16-Br bark
Earl Ravenscourt, from London, for San Franel«en
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Feb 17-Brstmr Cootie
hence Jan 28. "P«t,
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Feb I— Br bark
Shakespeare, from Hastings Mill and sailed for
East London.
Movements or Trans- Atlantic Steamers
NEW YORK-Sailed Feb 18-Stmr Aller for
Bremen. . ■ '
MOVILLE-A.rrived out Feb 18-stmr Ancho
ria.
.WN-Arrivod outside Feb 18-S'mr
| Majestic, and proceeded to Liverpool "tun
. LlZAßD— Passed Feb 18-Stmr Persia from
Hamburg, for New York; stmr Spree, from New
| York for Bremen. ' . i>ew
Importations.
MARSHFIELD-Per Homer-420 tons coal _n
sks potatoes. 69 bxs apples. 6 cs eggs 8 nl™, md«.
2309 cs salmon. 17 green hides. 4 nb S butted 6*
pkgs blankets, 2 bxs copper wire. 275 sks potato^
10 bxs sturgeon, 6 bxs apples. sks Potatoes.
EUKKKA-PcrCoror.a-less2 rolls leather 73
pkgs mdse, 591/2 bxs butter, 120 bxs apples All _-.
peas. 175 M shingles, i bbl pickles, 7 pkis e'xnre.,
1 sk coin. 68 M ft lumber, 6 bdlspelts, 1 sk^bee, '
wax, 7 cs eggs, 9 hf-bxs 9 bxs fish, 1 Ml dry hide"."
3 bdls green hides. ' i bdl dry hides,
HONGKONG-Per City of Peking-20 D kg» k-o
--pak, 1090 Pkgs matting, 35 pkgs silk goods. _«
pkgs parcels. §38 pkgs sauce, 536 pkgs rabr a.
3515 SKm 3 Pkgs spice, 476 pkgs coffee, Mi
pkgs curios, 415 pkgs oil. 1085 pkgs tea, 85 pkgs
beans, 40,966 rice, 3583 pkgs misc. „ g
For overland -4 pkgs furs, 11 pkgs matting, 28
pkgs silk goods, 13 pkgs parcels. 160 pkgs curios.
258 pkgs raw silk, 4 pkgs beans. 160 pkgs rice, 248
Pk Fo7£en!'ral and South Amerlca-OPKRS matting,
67 pkgs silk goods, 15 pkgs curios, 1000 pkgs rice,
114 pkgs mdse..
ConsietißM.
' Per City of Peking- A 0 Robinson: Cat ton. Bell
&Co: DomotoBroa; Ooldberg. Bowen iA Co Par
rott A Co: M Shibata; Nevada Rank: 1 acilic : . aw
Mfg Co; V Mogl: order; Bank of Britis. .and North
America: Calltornia and Japan Trading Co Geo
Marcus A Co: II Houua: BlTS»ne. * Co . John
Sieirfried- Wells Fargo it Co: Daniel ->le> ir. v r
Mar J Co; BSlO_?Sntbrle * Co; IM *
Co; McLaren A to: Nash* Boe«n^»r: Chl^se
merchants: tt Douglass; John II I. .'den A Co. mo
Fuijl Co; Wm H Wh'tlv; PM' B s (,o. -__„._..
Per Corona- A C Nichols A to: J° h ,n F *•"«"» ",
„£££__£__; California.^^c'oU "«_-; »
Rode; Dodge, Sweeney Ac Ot veleth A Vash- C o
__ar__rasg!lS_S3 ! »ii
S_E£S^fgsSS?«_s^t^2_
TCo; Phillips Bros: Buss, Benders a « « ». Ui «c
States Brewery ; Redingtor, & Co; : Koss i A-Hewlett.
Wheaton. Breon A Co: V* ells, largo A T <-°_ WO
Collins: BNNason A Co ; f American iFian
Co: A Paladlni: ({ Camillon A co: MHani A ", A
Rosario: Brigham, Hopp* A Co; OB -™"f*"?:
Dairymen's Union: C E \\^Hf%* C ° ;,___ "'?^:
1. E Allison A- Co: F B Kat;ht:*Vß Sumn«t & CO,
Norton. Teller A Co: standard Oil Co: JUieland.
Wheaton, Breon A- Co: Witzel A Baker.
rer Homer- I D spreekels ABr oa Co. J; ch n L
Howard; Thomas Loughran: . ,^ , , a co.
UrayAßarWerl; M P Delete; w B Sumner *Co
Standard Oil Co: Bandon Woolen-mills: HDnwrO.
Dunham, Carrigan A Co: A Paladin! ; J J Doyle. v
T Wilson; in. ni"i A Co: 11 s Crocker A Co.
OCEAN' STEAMSHIPS^
PIQFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COB HI
CUT RATES
--TO
VICTORIA, B. C and
PUGET SOUND.
TPixrm-t Class 63.00
Soconcl Class . _»000
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— \ Jew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
General _________
o. dS3 isr.
ASTORIA Al PORTLAHtt
$2.50 Second Class, $3 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTH? INCLUDED.
For reservations call at IO Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails •■ February 18 and
feiate ol California sails.. February 23 and March 4
Prom Spear-st Wharf I l'ier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. J-upts.
P. V. CONNOR, Oeneral Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COSIPASY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM _£>S3i_
ki Broadway wharf, San Francisco, ..-i -—___«_
Iollows:
For Mary Island, Lorin?, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., Feo. 1-*, '29,
March 15, 30.
For Victoria Vancouver (B. C.I. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Ne - *
Whatcom (Bellingham Lav, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Teb. 4, 9, 14, 19, 2i. n9, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wita
the C. i*. It. P... at Tacoma with N. P. R. R^
at Seattle with O. N. Ky., at Por; Townsend with;
Alaska steamers.
For Kurelta, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
btldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 c. _, Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15,
19, ■_:<. 27, and ever.- fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro. East sasj
! Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, 'at 9 a. _.. Feb.
1,5. 9, 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every lourth day
; thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
| (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
Angeles, Redondo ll^os Angeles) and Newport, 11
| a. _ Feb. 3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
! Paz, Altata and Guaynias (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket oflice, Palace Hotel, i New Montgomery
street.
OOODALL, PEKKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st-, San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP CO3IPASY.
_^sfJß_e^jfc^ Coolgardie gold fields
a&fc. (Freemantle), Austra-
i^^^Hftkiw'i'.i ,' Ii! »: ■*'-"- v 'irst class;
XW&Q nU Nrj| I|L^' * 110 steerage. Lowest
XWS __>^^S*»» t t. L^ rates to Capetown,
Jpl»/ j'f^Kf \^*\ Australian steamer,
S_M \jt (PI ilonoI " lu " nd Auck-
Steanishlo Australia,
>Sj_X*>Ji_2? , V^_*_iJr Honolulu only, 1 ue*l
h£fTiir_^^^ (lav- March 10, at 10
Spfciai. I'akties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and An- i :. .
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPKECKBI_S A BKOS CO.,
Genera! Agents.
COMPAGME GENERAL TRAXSATLWTIOI
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANVsI>IKR(.\K\\'.IJMii:TH _»«*
\J Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers hv _____
this line avoid both transit ov English railway uUd
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris
lirst-class .$160: second-class, .$1 16."
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
Feb ''9 "l'p m
LA NORMA Capt. Deloncle  . .".."..'... *° M
LAGASCOGNEVcaptVEaudeIon.' MarCh *' 6 A M
LABKKTA,'INK;c a P MarChU: ' ibA - X
',:-'„ ":•" y: March **, 5 a. k
gar ior further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
~t t. , No 'A Bowling Green. New York.
-J. P. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. '
SETHERLAXDS AMERICAS STEAM Jf AVI.
«itios COMPAJV.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9A.M. - .
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin 845 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
™£ 0r ,.. passage apply to local ticket agent or
Thomas cook A SON, Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 621 Market St.. S. F. .
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BJWWMM
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING KVKKY WEEK.
ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «_
\J Ing to steamer and accommodations _____
seleetel; second cabin, $35 and »40; Majestic aii.l
I Teutouic. steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
I land, Scotland, Sweden. Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
jailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from H. AVERY, Pacific Mall bock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. FLETCHER.
. General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
— ' — ■ — ■ , — . . — '
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /__■_
fortnightly for the West Indies and «___■
Southampton, calling en route at cerbourgo,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th* .
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
are to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: tblH
•I— SS, 97 40. For further particulars apply to
FARROTT * CO., Agents,
- 306 California afc
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 I. SI, Dally, Except Sunday.
ga~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER-:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLm*BEXICIA, PORT
COSTA AM) CROCKETT.
STH. 3IONTICEI.I.O.
Daily, except Saturday and Sundav— lo:3o A. _
and 4 p. _. ; Saturday, 12:30 noon;
Sunday— B p. _.
: *4 p. m. only.
, Lauding;, Mission 1, Pier 3.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
A FOUNDER OF THE CALL
J. J. Ayers Talks of Half a Cen
., tury of California Jour
nalism.
ECHOES OF THE VIGILANTES.
Most of His Early Associates Have
Joined the Army of Those
Gone on Before.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
90S Broadway, February IS. f
At the home of Colonel W. J. Shanklin
on Madison street is a man who knows
more perhaps of the inside facts of Califor
nian history than any one now living.
The man referred to is Colonel Shanklin's
brother-in-law, J. J. Avers, one of the
founders of the San Francisco Morning
Call.
He came to this State in 1843, crossing
Central America and coming north on a
coasting vessel.
Mr. Ayers in appearance has not passed
much beyond the prime of life, although
his hair is almost snow white. He stands
erect and carries himself much like a mili
tary man. He is from a New York family,
James J. Ayers, Printer, Jonrnalist and Author, and One of the Founders of the
San Francisco t' Call."
and received his early newspaper training
in the composing-room of the St. Louis
Republican.
It was while there that he accepted Hor
ace Greeley's advice snd came West to
crow ip with the country.
He was found this afternoon Bitting on
the veranda at his brother-in-law's home
reading a paper. He said, in conversa
tion :
I believe I can safely say 1 started the oldest
newspaper fn this State. It was in 1 851 that
Harry Decot "Henry Hamilton and myself
bought a printing outnt in San Francisco and
took ourselves to Mokelumne Hill, where we
soon had the Calaveras Chronicle appearing
weekly. The camp was a large one and very
lively at that time. I was op there about a
week ago. it is only a ghost of the camp It
was in those days. I believe that paper is the j
only one which has been published continu
ously ever since under the same name. In i
'53 I went East on a visit, and when I returned,
in company with others, we leased the theater
there and I became a theatrical manager.-
I returned to San Francisco in 555,s 55, and
began work on the Herald, which whs a large
commercial paper up to theday the "Vigilance
Committee" was formed. That committee was
formed of all the d'.-ceiit element of the City,
and Its object was to clear the City of some of
its hard character.". The next day the Herald
came out In favor of law and order, and
strongly oppo.-ed the action of the committee.
By night its adverti.-ers had all withdrawn
their support and the subscribers had all
ordered the paper stopped. A small sheet,
known as the Town Talk, came out in favor of
the ''Vigilante," and It went ahead like a.
rocket. Advertisers rushed to it and the sub
scriptions rolled in.
This left vacant the field for a small and
cheap paper. 1 saw the opportunity and was
not slow in grasping it. There were five of us,
practical -.mere and newspaper fellows, so ,
we pooled our issues and formed a co-operative .
company to get out a daily at 12% cents per
week. We named it the Morning CALL, which
name it retained until its present proprietor, I
believe, changed the name to the San Fran
cisco Cau.. I was chosen editor and was to
assist a setting type when not otherwise em
ployed.
David Vf. Higgles, now a wealthy but retired [
publisher at Victoria, B. C, was my assistant
In both capacities. That was our editorial and
reportorial force. George Edwards Barnes was
our business manager. He was assisted by
Peter B. Forster, now passed away. Charles V.
Johnson was 'lie chief compositor. He, too,
has gone the way we will all have to go.
In those days a paper never had but two
men oa the editorial and reportorial staff
combined, and they ranked as editor and as
sistant. We had success from the start and in
a few weeks had to enlarge our paper. When
we started it was a little smaller than the front
page of The Call to-day. The original plan
on which the paper was laid out was to con
dense and to tell everything in the most con
cise manner possible. There were no railroads
or graphs In those days, but we did not lack
for sensations by any means. There was al
ways some excitement to keep up the interests
of readers, as there is to-day. We often had
' duels to report, politics were lively and then
raining news was always a source of great in
terest.
Every two weeks the steamers arrived, and
we would receive a lot of old Eastern papers
with the doings of the people in the States.
We would go through them and get the most
interesting news out for the next day. Then
later, as we had more time, we could go over j
them again and get out more that was of in
terest, Our policy was to issue a clean family
newspaper. It was well conducted aud a thor
oughly representative, square and honest pa
per. S'aturally advertising came in to us and
we built up, enlarging as became necessary,
until at the end of ten years it was the beat
paving paper on the coast. At that time we
had a subscription of 17,000 in a population of
70,000.
The manner of how the paper was named has
been told, but it may be new to many of its
renders to-day. We had talked the matter over
together and decided that we didn't want any
of the old names; we wanted to have some
thing entirely new. one Sunday morning we
v c.-c ail standing on Kearny street, when a
I iil-poster came along and put up the an
nouncement that Julia Dean Hayne would ap
t 1-u.t as Partheula in "Ingomar," and the per
formance would close with the roaring farce,
'The Morning Call." "There we are, boys." 1
t-xciaimed. "We will name our paper The
Mousing Call." That is how one paper se-
c 'i red its name.
Mr. Ayers has written a book called
"Golden Sunshine, an Autobiographical
History of California." it is out of the
usual iine of boots treating of the argo
f-autic days. It is full of sketches of the
incidents that went to make up the early
history of the State and of the principal
men ol that day with whom he came iv
daily contact.
On invitation of the Society of Pioneers
lie will address that organization Friday
evening upon the subject-matter of his
'"•ok, which has not yet been publish
The address will be in the Pioneer Hall,
Kan Francisco, and will be highly inter
lining to both young and old.
This pioneer editor continued in the
harness up to a year ago. He was
interested with M*r. Lynch in the
Los Angeles Herald. He was Public
Printer from 1883 to 1887 under Governor
Stoneman, but has now retired to Azusa,
where he has a home and an orange grove
out of the frost belt.
EARLY REGISTRATION.
An Army of Clerks Now at Work in the
Count}-.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. County
Clerk Jordan's office has been thronged
since early yesterday morning with
electors who desire to get their names
upon the new Great Register early and
thus avoid the rush. The county officials
feel assured that the earlier this duty is
performed the more accurate will be the
register. To facilitate registration the of
fice is kept open from 7:30 to 9 o'clock
each evening.
Ward and precinct registration are
strongly urged. The list of deputy clerks
appointed and given herewith shows to
whom application can be made in that
regard. Affidavits of registration may be
sworn to before any of these free of
charge :
Oakland— J. C. Ellsworth. F. F. Jackson. O. C.
Pvatt, Fred M. Walsh, John Gilberison, G. H.
Hunt, T. L. Monroe, C. A. Taber, E. S. Van
Court, K. C. McManus, B. T. Concer, O. J.
Mullen, John Rohan. K. A. Jackson, 1. 1. Boat,
E. L. Lawrence, A. McEihatton. E. S. Reed, H.
N. turn Suden. C. W. Emery, K. M. Harden, P.
W. \V tithe, V. R. Crargen, G. F. Trover.
Irvington— E. B. Thompson, 11. Crowell, A. S.
Clark. N. L. Babb, S. B. Vanderhoot.
Niles— B. Bneden, T. A. Ellis, Charles B.
Overacker. E. J. Briscoe.
Fruitvale— Vf. S. Dunlevy. A. F. Shubler, C.
A. Tyrrell, P. H. Blake, W. O. Brldgman,
Charles O.Alexander, 11. E. Harwood.
Mission San Jose— C. W. F. Bergman, J. E.
Briscoe, A. E. Herman, A. L. Sunderer. .
Lorin— W. C. Moran, 11. D. Irwin, Thomas A.
Evans.
San Lorenzo— Dornan, P. F. Rehde.
1 Temescal —W. Vf. Knickerbocker, Henry
Weber.
West Berkeley— W. A. Nash, T. Wilson, W. K.
Dickieson.
Haywards — F. B. Hooson. H. E. Bt.uner,
Joseph Pimental, Frank J. Honing, C. W.
Everett, P. H. Hoare.J. A. Collins, Frank Lake,
Charles I'rowse, W.J. Ramage.
Mount Eden George C.Peterman, H.L.Peter
man. Henry Hemenger.
Newark— C. J. Healey.
Berkeley— George Sheldon, F. W. James,
Philo Miils. Fred R. Nugent, George Schmidt,
F. N. Lowell, C. L. Hug* ins, F. Vf. Marrquand,
J. W. striker, J. S. Scotchhler.
Sunol— Robert Ellis. L. J. Aver.
Alameda— C. Ewing, William Higby, W. R.
Hodges, J. R. Knowland, J. L. Ballentine, G. R.
Read, E. Minor Smith, C. W. Petney.'
San Leandro— August B. Jorkman, J. W. Her
bert.
Golden Gale— Clarence Haven, U. W. G ; fford,
Walter N. F. Behrns.
Elmhurst— H. Vf. Whipple, L. L. Calsbury.
W. D. Montford, William G. Oliver.
Pleasanton— A. H. Harms, T. Vf. Harris,
John B. Hornstein, A. C. Vandervoort, A. S.
McDougall.
Dublin— George Kolb.
Redwood Canyon— Henry Hauschildt.
Alvarado —E. A. Richmond, F. B. Gran
ger Jr.
Ceuterville— H. C. Gregory, F. F. Dusen
berry, J. G. Mattos Jr., Henry' Crosby, S. Sand
holdt.
Claremont— H. B. Gaston.
Livermore— W. H. Wright, J. H. Taylor, A.
W. Felden, I. McKown.
' Decoto— John H. Hayes, William King, Peter
Juhl, Edwin Whipple."
General appointments— C. E. Ellis, Vf. C.
Busse, T. M. Robinson, A. J. McKim, C. L. Be
ratta, A. K. Hartwell, M. P. Manning, James
M. Shanley, George Wales, J. F. Paull, Antonio
Gomes. .
A MONTH OF MARRIAGE
It Proved to Mrs. Brock That
Hyman Was a De
ceiver.
Oakland Streets Already Gay for the
Washington Birthday Cele
bration.
Oakland Office San- Francisco Call,)
<• 908 Broadway, Feb. 18. f
Mrs. Brock is a young woman who is
convinced that so far as she is concerned
marriage is a dire failure. She made
this discovery less than a month after she
became Mrs. Brock.
The young wife appeared before Judge
Frick to-day and told of her marital ex
periences. A few weeks after marriage
her husband took her for a target and
fired many articles at her, amor.tr them an
old shoe and a pistol bullet. - On one occa
sion, according to her complaint, Brock
went home intoxicated and threw himself
upon a bed in which their little baby was
sleeping. The mother rescued the babe,
the father objected and Mrs. Brock was
the sufferer. .
He varied his acts of violence with oc
casionaLthreats to kill his wife and once
he tried to carry out the threat, but the
bullet lodged" in the wainscoting instead
of in Mrs. , Brock's head. A Boot was
hurled at her with such violence that she
was sick for several days. A year ago, to
the young wife's great relief, Brock left
her in peace, y
, Brock is a bookkeeper and has been em
ployed by some of the Alaska canneries,
He went off a year ago and now his wife
need no longer call herself by the name of
the man she married, for Judge Frick
considered her allegations Droved and sent
her on her way rejoicing.
YOUNG WOMEN'S HOME.
Annual Reports Show a Most Flourish
ing Condition. *
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.-<-The annual
meeting of the Oakland Young Women's
Christian Association was held.to-day at
the home on Frankiin street. Mrs. P. D.
Browne occupied the chair.
The report of Mrs. E. Wolfenden, the
secretary, contained many interesting
facts. Among many details are the fol
lowing statements: ..(..
The home since January, 1895, has been
under the excellent management of " Miss
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
Williams, matron. From the records we find
that 9.1 ladles have been registered during the
past year. Of these 15 are students attending
the university, kindergarten and other schools,
0 are seamstresses, 17 nurses, 11 teachers, 7
salesladies, 3 companions, 5 dressmakers, the
balance being transients. On an average dur
ing the past seven months every available
room has been occupied.
We have again and again reiterated that our
boarding home is not a charity, but fills a
needed want, a refined Christian home at the
lowest price, also that young women out of
work and money shall be retained. The man
agement exercises a kindly discretion, not
keeping the paying of board ever before them,
but still giving them to understand they can
pay all Indebtedness as such course Is right in
the sight of God and man. Some good lriends
realizing how hard it is to run a house and
set such a good table with so little money nave
occasionally remembered the home with sub
stantial donations.
Mrs. Anson Barstow, as treasurer, reports the
receipts at $4137 95 during the year, and $2 14
from last year. Disbursements, $4074 84; bal
ance on hand, $65 25.
The matron, Miss Williams, reported the
receipts from boarders as $3015 88, and the
expenditure of $2095 61; balance paid to
treasurer, $920 27. This makes an average of
5-135 95 per month for the total expense of the
home.
The following board of directors were
elected: Mrs. P. D. Browne, Mrs. J. M.
Hinkle, Mrs. D. W. C. Gaskill, Mrs. W. H.
H. Graves, Mrs. G. D. Gray, Mrs. A. E.
Sharon, Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrs. Anson Bar
stow, Mrs. S. G. Chamberlain.
The following officers were chosen:
Mrs. P. D. Browne, president; Dr. H.
P. Van Kirk and Mrs. William Kirk,
Mrs. J. C. Ainsworth, Mrs. S. G. Cham
berlain, Mrs. A. Dow, Mrs. H. C. Mv
gatt, Mrs. W. A. Jacobs, Mrs. J. M.
Merrill, Mrs. F. A. Bashford, Mrs. E. L.
Hutchinson, vice-presidents; Mrs. E.
Wolfenden, recording secretary; Mrs. W.
P. Lewis, corresponding secretary; Miss 0.
J. Bacon, financial secretary; Mrs. Anson
Barstow, treasurer;
THE EXCHANGE IS SAFE.
No Loss of Trade on Account of the
Dressmaker's Ruse,
V- OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— Mrs. W. E.
Sharon, president of the Women's Ex
change, says that the failure to remove
their sign from the original exchange, on
Fourteenth street, has not caused them
any loss of business, although it has
caused much inconvenience.
Mrs. Caldwell, the dressmaker, who is
trading on the sign, is not, it is said, de
riving any benefit from her ruse, but is
losing on account of it. Last Saturday Mrs.
Caldwell hung out an extra sign contain
ing the words, "Women's Exchange," but
although tbat is a clear infringement of
the rights of the legitimate, organized ex
change, the ladies have decided to take no
action, as they feel the publication of the
facts has sufficiently enlightened the
public.
The exchange is now doing a business
averaging from $500 to $900 a month and
is steadily increasing. Its value is mani
fested in many ways. One woman is
keeping herself and five children through
its assistance. Aid is extended to women
who are competent and desirous of help
ing themselves, and the lady patronesses
of the institution give much* time toward
fostering it,
DECORATING STREETS.
Preparing for the Big Parade on Wash
ington's I'm lul. i ,
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. IS.— The decora
tion of Broadway and Washington street
for the celebration to be held Saturday in
honor of the birthday of General George
Washington has been commenced. From
now on the work will be pushed along as
rapidly as possible, and by Friday it is ex
pected the business portion of the city
will be in gala attire.
The exercises in the evening will be
held at the First Congregational Church.
Ex-Mayor G. C. Pardee and Major E. A.
Sherman will be the speakers. A large
choir which has been under the training
of D. P. Hughes for the past t>vo weeks
will lead the singing and promises to be a
feature of the celebration.
Disastrous Eire on Thirteenth.
• OAKLAND.CaI., Feb. 18.— Fire broke out
in the rear of the building on Thirteenth
street, between Washington and Clay,
known as the Ladies' Co-operative Home.
As soon as the alarm was turned in the
whole of the back of the building was- in
flames. It is an old structure and when
once the fire got headway its progress was
very rapid. A second alarm was turned in
and the i re was worked from both Thir
teenth i nd Twelfth streets. Before the
Fire Department got control of the fire it
had reached to the attic from the kitchen
where it originated.
During the excitement the ladies of the
home reported that there was a sick man
in one of the room*'. He was taken there
from the Receiving Hospital a few days
ago, and after being carried out he was
taken to the hospital in the patrol wagon.
Before the lire was put out the building
was' badly-gutted.
The damage will probably reach $2000,
part of which is covered by insurance!
The Ladies' Co-operative Society, to whom
the building was leased by F. K. Shattuck,
conducted the home as a cheap lodging
house. * °
Paderewski and Opera.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— The sale of
seat_and boxes for the Paderewski piano
recital will begin to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 9 a.m. Already thousands of people
have been at the box office for tickets.
Prices will be the same as charged in San
Francisco.
The Tavary Grand Opera Company
comes Wednesday and Thursday evenings
and Thursday matinee of next week.
; ' Carmen," Wednesday evening; "Bo
hemian Girl," Tnursuay matinee, ami
"Trovatore," Thursday evening. Sale of
seats begins next Monday.
A Mc-Kinley Club. •
, OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— Satur
day evening at Kohler & Chase Hall,
Eleventh stieet and Broadway, a McKin
ley club is to he organized. The meeting
is to be held under the auspices of the
Second Ward Republican Club, F. R.
Porter president. Speakers from San
Francisco are to be features of the event.
The Oakland Congressional district will
be represented at the St. Louis convention
in June by two delegates. The club will
try to send a solid McKinley delegation of
eighteen from this State.
Charged With Corruption.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— Charles A.
Lanois, charged with offering to accept
$40 to refrain from testifying in a case
against Walter Cook and Albert Koenig of
East Oakland, where he secured evidence
for Chief of Police Lloyd, was up for trial
before Judge Frick, "in the absence of
Judge Greene on account of illness. The
defense will be insanity. ,
Dr. Morse's Successor.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 18.— C. M.
Hill, pastor of the Tenth-avenue . Baptist
Church denies that he is to succeed Rev. ;
S. B. Morse, D.D., as president of Califor
nia College at Highland Park, East Oak
land. He is a trustee of the institution
and will have a voice in selecting the new
official. The subject has not yet been con
sidered by the board.
Smith's Position.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— Police
and Fire Commissioners this afternoon
did not take up the appointment of a per
manent assistant chief to the Fire Depart
ment. It seems to; be the opinion now
that the temporary appointment of W. B.
Smith will be allowed to stand.
The Grand Jury.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 18.— The Grand
Jury had under consideration this after
noon charges against G. G. Baker, a real
estate dealer. He is accused of selling
property for a woman for $625 and then
failing to settle with her so as to secure a
deed for the purchaser. Mr. Baker claims
the difficulty is purely technical and will
be explained satisfactorily.
Cost Bill Filed. y •■ I
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— The attor- 1
neys for the plaintiff have filed their bill
in the Wittsteiu damage suit. The heaviest
item of expense is the jury fees, amount
ing to $432. Jurors' mileage reaches
$103 50, reoorters' fees $175, physicians'
$76; total $876' 40.
Haimnerberg's Death an Accident.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18— An inquest :
was held to-night into the death of John !
A. Hammerberg, foreman of the section
crew on the Fruitvale and Laundry Farm
Railroad, who died shortly before raid
night last night as a result of injuries re
ceived in an accident on the road, which
occurred about 6:15 a. m. yesterday. The
crew had just started to go to work on the
handcar when it jumped the track, going
over an embankment near a trestle. The
men on the handcar with Hammerberg
were Louis Alberg, J. C. Warren, C. Bone
zeno and F. Fitzpatrick.
In propelling the handcar the men on
one side pushed too hard on the lever,
causing the front trucks of the car to leave
the track. Where, the accident occured
there is a slight curve in the track, which
made it much easier for the car wheels to
''ride" the rails. The car ran on a short
distance upon the ties and then pitched I
over a ten-foot embankment, carrying all
the men with it.
All the section hands were more or less
injured by the fall, but it was not thought !
at the time that any serious results would j
follow. Hammerberg was taken to his i
home and Drs. Beckwith and Fortin were j
called in. The only external injuries that
they could find was a slight abrasion in
the vicinity of the hip. The man seemed,
however, to have been qajte severely in
jured internally and died about midnight.
He was a married man, a native of Swe
den and about 36 years of age. He had
been employed by the company about five
years.
After hearing the evidence the jury re
turned a verdict of accidental death.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening's Told in
Brief Chapters. ■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
90S Broadway, Feb. IS. j
Dr. Wythe's condition this afternoon is re
ported as critical.
Mrs. J. F. Kiernan, who was so seriously in
jured a few weeks ago by an accident, is gradu
ally recovering.
The alarm of fire shortly before 11 o'clock
Dr. Carpenter's Invention— An Ambulance to Remove Disabled Animals.
this morning was for a small blaze on Frede
rick street, just off of San Pablo avenue. The
tire started in a closet on premises owned by
the Charles Kramm estate and was put out by
the chemical, with a damage of about $20.
A sneak thief effected an entrance into the
rear of 958 Broadway some time Sunday night,
but nothing was obtained by the fellow for his
trouble.
Walter Tye, driver of a butcher- wagon,
charged by the Humane Society with cruelty
to animals in drtving a lame horse, was ac
quitted by a jury in the Police Court yesterday
afternoon. ,
The estate of John Crellin has been ap
praised at $11,789 70, consisting entirely of
money on deposit in local banks. The fortune
ot the deceased banker was disposed of by
him before Ms death.
Officer George Kyte admitted to the Police
Commissioners to-day that he had overslept
his noon hbur one day some time ago. The
matter of his punishment was taken under ad
visement by the board.
Julius Abraharuson, president of the First
Hebrew Congregation, will lecture on "Reli
gious Enthusiasm" at the First Hebrew Con
gregation, corner of Thirteenth and Clay
streets, Friday evening. , -.-"
The contempt case of Thomas F. Garrity will
probably be transferred to Judge Ellsworth's
department, as some of the same points are in
volved that arc raised in the Ah Quay case
pending in that department.
Axel Johnson had his right foot crushed on
an Oakland ferry-boat by a freight truck on
November 22. To-day through his attorneys,
A. L. Black and W. Vf. Foote, he brought suit
to recover $500 and $166 expense.
John A. Logan Circle No. 5, Ladies ot the G.
A. ft., will hold its regular meetings at Grand
Army Hall, 419 Thirteenth street, every Tues
day afternoon at 2 o'clock. Members of sister
circles are cordially invited to be present.
I. L. Foster, foreman of Engine Company 1
of the Fire Department, surprised his friends
by being quietly married at St. John's Episco
pal Church yesterday noon. The bride is Miss
Ethel A. Palmer, a highly respected young
lady of this city. ;' yyy
The attorneys for Andrew Wettstein have
served a memoranda of costs in his suit against
the Southern Pacific Company upon the at
torneys for the defendant. The total amount
is $876 40. of which $432 is for Jury fees and
$103 mileage of jurors, reporters' fees $175,
the balance is for court costs and mileage ot
witnesses.
The funeral of the late Edwin H. Campbell
took place this afternoon, the remains being
interred in Mountain View Cemetery. Re
ligious exercises were held at the home* of the
deceased on Sixteenth street near Grove. They
were conducted by Rev. Father Akerly and
were attended by many of the friends of the
family.
A document was filed to-day by which M. F.
Delanoy assigns to his two children, Marion V.
and Frederick W„ all his right, title and in
terest in the estate of Austen B. Delanov, de
ceased, in accordance with the wish of said sen
expressed during his lifetime that his brother
and sister should have his estate in the event
of his death. »
J. C. Donnelly, a commercial traveler, who
lixes at 1305 Eighth street, was picked up on
Fourteenth street, near the narrow-gauge
depot, this morning by the police. He was
badly cut about the head. It is supposed he
fell off the train. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital for treatment, and after being
righted up returned to his home.
The two-story house of Mrs. McGuire at Mis
sion San Jose was destroyed by fire yesterday
afternoon. It was occupied by three families,
and one room was used as a barber-shop. Part
of the contents were saved. Loss on buildings
$1200; insurance, $750. A man working on
the roof fell to the ground and received inter
nal injuries which may result fatally.
A FATHER SEEKS HIS SON.
An English Architect Makes Inquiries
About Martin Lunn.
Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice has succeeded in find
ing the whereabouts of Martin Holmes
Lunn and will place him in the care of
the Youths' Directory for a time.
It is an incident in the story of A run
away ami, it is said, incompetent youth,
of a sorrowing father across the sea who
is trying to persuade the prodigal to re
turn. " . ■
Martin Lunn has but one settled purpose
in life and that is to rove both by sea and
land. He is scarcely 17 years old, but has
gone far over the road that leads to prison
or the life of a tramp!
■ : ! A letter from his father, William Lunn,
an architect of Great Malvern, Eng.,. nar
rates the story of the boy's secret de
parture from home, and of his finally
reaching San Francisco and going into the
employ of tie Midway Plaisance of this
City. "I sent; him £5, hearing from him
that he was invalided and wanting money,
but it was returned to me, together with
five of ray letters to him. I He wrote me in
September, but gave no address." -
He inclosed letters from the boy show
ing exceeding illiteracy on the part of the
young fellow. y
Martin Lunn has been a roustabout at
the Midway Plaisance until recently, but
showed such skill in- light fingering that
he was dismissed. He is now peddling
I cheap jewelry at Vailejo. ;
TO PROTECT SICK HORSES
The Humane Society Wants
Funds for a Well-Equipped
, Ambulance.
DR. CARPENTER'S INVENTION.
. .. ■ ■ ■
Many Valuable Animals Have Been
Slaughtered for Lack of Means
of Removal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
903 Broadway. Feb. 18. i
The recent horrible death of two horses
in a ditch at Fruitvale has . caused the
Humane Society of this city to feel the
urgent necessity of an ambulance for the
removal of horses when such accidents
happen.
A similar need was felt for many years
by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals in San Francisco, and
three years ago Dr. Thomas Carpenter,
who is now a prominent officer of the
Humane Society of this county and
veterinary inspector for Alameda, seeing
the urgent need, invented an ambulance,
which has proved a blessing to suffering
horses and cattle. It has also, been the
means of saving animals that would other
wise have been sacrificed.
This ambulance was never patented nor
will it ever be, as Dr. Carpenter desires
every society to have the privilege of using
the vehicle whenever needed.
The body of the ambulance is patterned
after the old Bergh system of New York,
which has a platform on rollers. To this
Dr. Carpenter has added a rubber bed and
pillows and a mask padded two inches
thick with felt, with an apron over the
eyes, to blind the animal during removal.
The mask is to prevent injury to the head,
as all horses have a tendency to throw the
head around when hurt, and frequently
injure themselves seriously.
If obstreperous, this is prevented by the
padded mask. A rubber bucket of water
is carried to wash the wounds or quench
the thirst of the horse.
The apparatus consists of a strong frame
work of iron, suspended on a trolley track,
assisted in its work by a compound hoist
in block, by which one man can lift a ton
weight.
The track is divided in the center and
doubles back on itself when not in use.
The end of the track i 3 supported by a
twelve- foot tubular tripod, which can be
adjnsteu over an excavation, cellar hatch
way or a hole in a wharf, or. as in some
cases, where horses or cows fall between,
the wharf and a steamer.
The horse is removed by a stem of
slings, a most perfect- arrangement, in
vented ten years ago by Dr. Carpenter's
now deceased father, W. H. Carpenter.
The hoisting apparatus is attached to
the driver's seat by a double block con
nected with the trolley over the driver's
seat. The horse is lifted right up into the
ambulance by this arrangement without
the least suffering.
Dr. Carpenter says the need of such an
ambulance is seen almost daily in the ani
mal work of the humane society of this
city, and the only reason that they do not
have it is for lack of money to pay for one.
The cost would be $1000.
ANOTHER BOND ELECTION.
It Will Be Held in Berkeley
Under the School
Law.
A Branch Republican League— Student
Laborers to Celebrate— New
Precincts.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— Steps have
been taken by the Board of Education for
the calling of another special election to
again submit to voters a proposition for
providing new schools for Berkeley.
I'he election will be under the school
law and will be a school-district election,
called by the Board of County Supervisors
at the instance of the Berkeley Board of
Education. y yy; y
At a meeting of the School Directors
last night a committee consisting of Presi
dent Boom and Directors Robertson and
Neihaus was appointed to consult with
the Town Attorney as to the nature of
the bonds and the rate of interest. The
committee will report at the board's next
meeting, on March 20, when the election
will probably be called.
No decision has yet been reached as to
the amount of bonds to be asked for, but
the amount will probably be about $60,000.
It is proposed to secure grammar schools,
as was projected in the election held last
Saturday, and also a; school at Lorin and
one at East Berkeley, to relieve the Kel
logg school, so that the latter can be used
as a high school.
Kepublican League.
j BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— A Califor
nia and Nevada department of the Ameri
can Republican College League is about to
be established at the State University.
The league is a National one, having
departments at thirteen other universities
throughout the \ country. '. The objects of
the league are to arouse the interest of
college-men in politics, to discuss political
and economical questions and to assist in
forming Republican clubs in the various
colleges of the country. The league is
divided into -fourteen - "departments,"
which include all the States of the Union,
the department of California and Nevada,
of which W.D., Thompson, U. C. '95, is
chairman, being No. 13.
. The general officers of the league are:
L. Brent Vaughn, of the --University of
Chicago, president; F.B.Deberville, Uni
versity; of Vermont, vice-president ; F. L.
Edinborough, University of Michigan, sec
retary C. L. L. Twichell, University iof
Michigan, treasurer. -The league also has
a sub-executive committee and an advisory
board, among the members of the latter
being ex-President Harrison, William Mc-
Kinley, Chauncey M. Depew. James S.
Clarkson, Speaker- Reed, Levi P. Morton,
Robert T. Lincoln and other well-known
American statesmen. .-.:. ' '■■y-';v<
Fraternity Houses Damaged,
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. Some un
known person or persons, presumably,
town boys, started on a tour of devastation
among the fraternity houses at about 3
o'clock this morning. They seemed to
single out the "frat" houses for their work
of demolition, as no other buildings are
reported to have been molested.
Breaking windows, stealing door-plates
and metallic house numbers were the main
features of their work/ Besides breaking
a 4 by 5 heavy plate glass window in the
Sigma Alpha Epsilon House on Charming
way, they forced the front door open and
were about to commit further depredations
when they were frightened off. Crossing
the street, they broke a large window of
the Phi Delta Theta house with a
piece of concrete. Going to Bancroft
way they stole the door plate off the
Sigma Nu house and the house number off
.the Chi Phi quarters.
The fraternity men are up in arms at
the spoliation of their house property and
promise to make it lively for the perpe
trators if caught.
Will Organize to Celebrate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— President
\\ ilham Nat Friend of the Associated Stu
dents of the university will call a meeting
of that body in a few days to organize the
"student labor'" brigade" and to make ar
rangements for the celebration to be had
on the evenine of the final day's work.
The new rustic bridge across Strawberry
Creek is rapidly being built. The foundation
is already completed and the work on the
structure is well under way. The bridge
will be finished by the end of the present
week. The trees, vines and plants along
the route of the proposed new walk are
nearly all removed, and as soon as that
work is completed and the bridge built
everything will be in readiness for the
stroke of the collegians' pick.
Special Lenten Services.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— There will
be special services during Lent at St.
Joseph's Church on Wednesday and Fri
day at 7:30 p. m., and the celebration of
masses will take place every morning at 7
o'clock. To-morrow, Ash Wednesday, the
ceremony of blessing and distributing the
ashes will take place at 8 a. m., to be im
mediately followed by mass.
The day will Da observed at St. Mark's
ChurchJ to-morrow by three services.
Morning prayer and holy communion
will be held at 10 A. m. Litany services at
4:30 p.m. and evening payer and sermon
at 7:30 p.m.
Dr. Jordan Will Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— sec
ond lecture in the course under the aus
pices of the Unitarian church will be
given in. Stiles Hall next Friday night,
February 21, at 8 o'clock, by President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford University.
His subject will be "The Disappearance of
Great Men from Public Life."
St. Mark's Vested Choir.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18. — Rev.
George E. Swan of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church has issued a call to all the young
men of the parish who wish to join the
vested choir to meet him at the church
to-morrow evening. When the choir is
organized it will be the first vested choir
ever formed in Berkeley.
New Voting Precincts.
• BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— The Board
of Supervisors has increased the number
of voting precincts from 99 to 121. Berke
ley gets six of these new districts.
A GIRL TAKES HER LIFE
Alameda to Have a Permanent
Home for Its Library or
None.
Death of Captain A. H. Morse, a
Seafaring Man— Divorce
Granted.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— City
Trustees have set at rest all discussion as
to whether or not the library trustees
shall erect a temporary structure for the
use of the library by passing a resolution
forbidding action to that end. City At
torney Taylor submitted bis opinion to
the board, touching on the right of the
library trustees to erect a building or pur
chase real property without the consent of
the Municipal Trustees, and it read as
follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Trustees of the
City of Gentlemen: Replying to your
inquiry, I will state that under the act estab
lishing free libraries the board of trustees of
the free library and reading-room have au
thority to purchase real estate and erect build
ings only with the consent and approval of
your honorable board.
This opinion settles the proposition to
build a $2500 temporary structure. There
are now but two things which the Library
Trustees can do. One is to remove into
the room in the new City Hall designed
for the library, and the other is to erect a
permanent: building. A scheme for the
latter at present seems to be well ad
vanced, and the probabilities are that it
will go through. There seems to be no
legal obstacle in its way. and it appears to
some the most satisfactory solution of the
matter.
A Girl's Unexplained Suicide.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. IS.— With an
eight-ounce bottle of strychnine lying at
her side Lena Neilson, a comely girl about
21 years of age, was found this afternoon
prone upon the bathroom floor in the resi
dence of her employers, Mr. and Mrs. R.
S. Clark of 2111 Alameda avenue. It was
evident that the girl had taken the poison
with suicidal intent. She had made every
preparation for the commission of the
rash act. and her desire to die was grati
fied. What her motive was does not
appear, for it was not known that,
she kept company with any male
companions or had had any mis
fortune lately befall her. When Mrs.
Clark left her home this morning at 8
o'clock to go on a trip to San Francisco
she did not notice that the girl appeared
to be troubled, but on the contrary she
noticed the girl's light-heartedness.
Mrs. Clark arrived home again at almost
5:30 o'clock, and upon opening the front
door saw a note lying on the carpet. She
perused its contents which read as follows:
. Mrs. Clark You will find the key to the
backdoor on the window sill by the porch
behind the blind. Lena.
Mrs. Clark did not understand the con
tents of the note until, upon searching
through the different rooms and coming
to the bathroom, she stumbled across the
body of her late servant. Recovering from
her fright, she picked up the vial of strych
nine, which was entirely empty, and an
other note which she found by the girl's
side. The second note gave the address
of her relatives. It was written on a torn
and soiled piece of note paper and was as
follows: "My aunt's address is 935 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda; my sister, Eighth
and Washington streets, Oakland; Dr.
Demi, Fourth street and Telegraph avenue,
I Oakland, Palmer House; Key to my
room." y{; "••;■;
Deputy Coroner Smiley took charge of
the remains of the suicide and will hold
an inquest to-morrow. It was his opinion
that tne girl had been dead for at least six
hours, which leads to the belief that she
took the poison shortly after Mrs. Clark's
departure for the City.
A' Divorce Granted.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— Judge Frick
has granted Isabella Brock a divorce from
John C. Brock. They were married in
Alameda May 10, 1.893, and have one child.
The ground set forth by plaintiff was ex
treme cruelty, ..which culminated in No
vember, 1895, as is alleged, when the de
fendant red a pistol at plaintiff with
intent to kill her. An answer was made
to the suit, but there was no contest at the
trial. The plaintiff was awarded the cus
tody of the child and $10 alimony.
Death of Captain Morse.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— Captain A.
H. Morse, a retired mariner, died this
afternoon at his residence, "; B93 Union
street. He bad been ill for a long time of
a complication of diseases— dropsy, kidney
troubles and general debility— and the end
was not unexpected. Captain Morse had
been a follower of the sea since boyhood,
and when he came to this city to live some
years ago had accumulated quite a snug
fortune, which he spent liberally in
building and beautifying a home. He was
never married, but a widowed sister, Mrs.
Foy, kept house for him. He was 64 years
of age and a natiye of Main?.
Republican Club Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— Ala
meda Republican Club will meet Wednes
day evening in Tucker's Hall instead of
Red Men's. Maps will be prepared show
ing the boundaries of the new precincts,
and an explanation will be made of the
new system of registration, with clerks in
attendance to register electors.
SECRET FROM THE GRAVE
Annie Parker Sacrificed Her
Life to Make a Friend
Happy.
A Sentence in a Letter From the East
Brought Her Face to Face With
the Inevitable.
Oakland Office San Francisdo Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 18. J
Now that Annie Parker is in her gravo
the secret that caused her to end her life
in the bay has come to light. The story
of tbe young woman's trouble bears out
all that her friends and relatives have said
of her worthiness and nobility of charac
ter.
The secret is contained in one sentence
of a letter received from Mrs. Wood by
Miss Parser a few days before the young
dressmaker left her home for the last time.
The sentence referred to asked Miss Parker
to do all in her power to help make cir
cumstances such that it would be possible
for the absent wife to return ?.nd reside in
happiness with her husband.. What the
circumstances were is but too well known.
They are told in a letter received by Mr.
Wood two weeks ago and shown to a re
porter.
The absent wife told her husband that
as she stood before the altar in the little
church at Maryland before which they had
been married, she had prayed earnestly
that he might be able to free himself from
the demon that was destroying him. The
same wish was expressed to Miss Parker.
To one of her intimate friends Miss Par
ker had told more of her inmost thoughts
than sue appears to have told her brother
and sister.
For thirteen years Miss Parker had been
in the employ of the Woods. During
this time she learned to lean great! v on
the Woods as a child might toward its
parents. Mr. Wood said he was accus
tomed to call her Annie and he looked
upon her as one of the family. It is Known
that the friendship between Woods and
Miss Parker was of an intense nature, and
during the past few months it increased
rather than decreased. Miss Parker was
conscious of it, but did not possess the
strength of will necessary to subdue it.
After Mrs. Wood went East the friend
ship between Wood and Miss Parker was
very noticeable. This was known to the
family and was the thought that induced
Albert Parker to go to Wood's house the
same night that Annie was missing. The
young woman made every effort to stifle
any demonstration that might not be
strictly honorable toward her absent
friend, but, according to Wood and the
stories of her intimate friends, she did
cherish an affection for him.
Then came the letter from the East. It
asked in clear language that the one who
knew better than any one else the circum
stance that had separated husband and
wife should use her influence to bring
about a restoration. It was more than
that lonely heart could bear. The mission
was too exacting.
Miss Parker knew that she could never
carry it out. Her honest nature realized
the danger of the situation. With true
conscientiousness she faced the tragic in
evitable and decided that the path of re
conciliation for Mrs. Wood would be much
more smooth if those whom God had
united were left to themselves.
When the final debate took place no one
will know, but evidently prior to the
evening before it was carried out. The
unhappy girl sacrificed her life rather than
have it appear that she had done aught on
which the world might frown.
DYING IN THE HOSPITAL.
Poor Mamie Pease Is Another Victim
to Malpractice.
Mamie Pease, a very pretty and young
blonde girl, is dying at the City and
County Hospital. As a matter of fact, she
may be dead by the time The Call reaches
its readers.
Dr. Maximilian A. Cachot of 207 Taylor
street brought the case to light yesterday,
when he caused C. W. Harrington to have
the sick girl taken from her abode at 42
Turk street to the City and County Hospi
tal. Harrington has for a long time been
the protector of the sick girl, whose finan
cial friend is an employe of the Southern
Pacific Company at the Oakland mole.
Last Frit' ay Dr. Cachot was called in,
and has attended the girl from day to day
ever since. To him she has denied that
any criminal operation has been per
formed upon her, notwithstanding the in
dications to that effect.
She referred to the railroad man in all
her statements to the physician, and
claimed he should settle all the bills, as he
was the cause of them.
Among the well-known products of rice
may be mentioned arrack, or rack, often
called "rice spirit," which is distilled in
Rangoon, Bataviaand Ceylou. It is chiefly
transhipped to North Germany and Russia.
In the latter country it is flavored with
pine and other seeds, according to the
taste, and is then consumed by the natives
at a strength of many degrees over proof.
At birth no infant can see. It requires
two or three weeks for the sight to come
into full operation.
NEW TO-DAY.
Cyrus Edson, m.d..
Chief of Health Department,
iiwiuiiijiiiiij « ■ New York,
IJP9 V J WRITES OP
THE IDEAL TONIC
"The most effectual
remedy is the gener-
ous diffusible tonic Yin
l_-^_ — Marian i."
{ Mailed Free. \ m mm .„.„..„„....
| Descriptive Book with Testimony and !
! Portraits I
: OP NOTED CELEBRITIES. } .
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test Proves Reputation.
ATOldSn^gtltntlons. Ask for < Tin Hariaai.' j
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.'
MARIANI & CO.,
Paw. 41 Bd. H»nssm»nn. 52 W. 15th St.. IT6W IOSt
Lou :Mi Oxford Cuub - . '
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment ot Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Core* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
»r. J. jr. ti£BBON. Sox 1»97. San * rand**.
1314
DANGEROUS SCALE PEST.
Good "Work Done by a Horticultural
Quarantine Officer.
Owing to the vigilance of Quarantine
Officer Craw of the State Horticultural
Commission, Golden Gate Park has been
si.nred one of the worst insect pests that
could have entered the State. Superin
tendent McLaren of the park wanted some
of the double flowering prune trees to acid
to the attract. of the park, and he
sent to Japan for a number of trees. When
the Gaelic arrived recently ten of these
trees were on board.
Mr. Craw made an examination of the
importations and found all the trees in
fecied with one of the worst kind of scale
pests known to horticulturists. It is a
small red insect, with a botanical name of
twelve syllables. It fastens upon the hark
and the outer coverintr is the color of the
bark itself. In Cuba, Central America and
Japan various methods have been tried to
destroy the insect, and all acknowledge
that it is a matter of great difficulty to do
so. Some time atro the pest got a bold on
the trees in Washington, and the only
way it was destroyed was by cutting and
burning the trees.
If by any chance this terrible pest had
secured a foothold in Golden Gate Park
there is no telling the amount of damage
it would have done. Mr. Craw destroyed
by fire all of the trees that arrived in the
Gaelic.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Marshall, San Leandro Miss Marshall, San Lndro
J T Eubanks, S L Obispo J W Ne.r, Greenwood
R Brown, Cal J Fritsch, Petaluma
YV T Fritsch, Petaluma J R Roberta. San Jose
G Koib, A use! Island J 11 Uugridge, Valiejo
1. Strove. Santa Cruz W A Heatbcote, I al
F M Mullen, Cal - 8 John & w, Vailejo
J D Bradley, Merced J il Dual □ A w, Palo Alt
A II Schnabel, Newcastle i'.J Mason, Newcastle
E W S Woods, Stockton P i' could. Omaha
J vv X Williams. Chrkee J B Iverson, Salinas
J Tait, Stanford Mrs Welnmann. Benicia
PR Weinman. . Benicia J G Elliott. Chic, gj
J >he!tou. Willows .Mrs 1 !1 MJtCbeO; tVlllwa
J !( Irish. Downieville >'• !•: Seileck, Chicago
J M -elleck. Chicago H E Brooks A w, C.evlud
'..' W Corey A « . ottmw MissCort-y, octumwa
P F Lougbiorogh. N V T ! Gaston. Beloit, Wis
C H Corey, San rose J il McCudden Aw, Vlljo
J X Bennett aw, Buffalo D Edwards A, w, San Jose
w NicaoUs Jr Dutch Fit W A Button, Moose Jaw
E B McNi ... .t w. (V, k 3 Brandon, s an Jcse
Bo Van Bokkolm.SJose L stone <£ w. Chicago
A E Joy, Watsonvilie w Breunemun. Hopedale
MrsM B Anderson, Stnfd Mrs M A C Kirn-aid. His
Miss Kincaid, Illinois E J Dunham &w, Salinas
1" A ttuell, Stockton w 1 Dugan, Auburn
G More, Mnrobys D D Dodson. Bed Bluff
JII Glide, Sacramento H Metsger, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
3 Rese, Chicago F 11 Harvey. Halt
E H Churchill, Napa E R Folger, Oakland
.i P Tin-ell, St Louis JIG Thresher i w, It I
II I- Schammel, ;n Jose A R Wells, Mass
T Nelson, lerndaie 11 J Laverre, Amsterdam
J F Bulman, London E II Sharp, Hongkong
w a Mccreery, Bigm sirs W Caspary, N V
A ii Caspary, N V w •- Mellicir, Idaho
R Koehier .v w, Portland G Good £ wf, Portland
S Long, Chicago . S Hartshorn, X V'
w P stymes, X v w L Agin, n V'
C A Kent, Denver Mrs Kent, Denver
G F Marshall, Cleveland Mrs Marshall, Cleveland
CG La-kin. A mUd Mrs McLean, Martin
J Douglass, N V C i-. Crarv, Albuquerque
c W ismith. Chicago W A smith. Chicago
A 1) Campbell, Chicago Mrs Campbell, Chicago
L Finst. In, Fresno ..1 t~ Boyd, san Rafael
li D lard, Buriingme S F Leib, Sau Jose
J Mi -.Neil, santa Cruz Mrs McNeil, Santa Cruz
li .s Greene. Chicago \\ S Lake, Sacramento
Mrs Lake, -aciamento J L Chambers, st Louis
W H Robinson, N V
LICK HOUSE.
Chas Edgar, Stani'ans Co E T Bobie. Auburn, Cal
C Tompkins. Tulare J L Hudner, Hollister
X D Goodrich, New York E H WinshipA wf, Napa
\Vm Hunter A wf, Napa Geo Biake. < ripple Creek
J. M Foule, Gazelle, Cal Jas A Lonttit, Stockton
N Colt. Seattle II HMcPherson, Coosßy
TE Howaro & wr.cin'ti E Nolan A: wf, Los Gatos
W 1) Tuner, Fresno Geo E Barron, Woodside
OT Greeley. Sacramento T it Fagen, Santa Cruz
Jonn X English, Valiejo J J Nee. kirk, St Helena
J R Payne, Sew York J W Payne, New York
E X .shaw, Chicago H Ostra'nd, Dakiana
Wm it Porter, Chicago Jim T Coulter, Sacto
811 Atkinson, Chicago Pi Lam-, Sacramento
W II Mitchell. sacto C YV May A wf, Windsor
J T Fox, Stockton A D Calne, Los Angeles
D P Hail, Los Angeles A P Young, Portland
M J Moan, Portland s M Bradbury, Portland
Hon - T Black, Sacto C p Schallenberger, Or
A 1' C Biz, Cal G-o T Dixon, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J L Gillis, Sacramento Fit Berry, Fresno
J T Sullivan, Fresno E GrafmueJler, N V
Mrs C summers, N V c Z. Hebert, saitnaa
8 Ii Guan, N V Q Warner, Chicago
J Callaghauifc w,;r:iss V X <; M Pike. Wes. ley
J Brighton, Bakersfield J M Crawford, Bakersfld
A Foy, Baserstit-lu J Batman i w, Denver
W Mluchifc w, Baltimor Mrs D Pfailzer, Chicago
Mrs Kiern, nA c, Chgo Lieut Gage aw, USA
ti Bailinger A IV, a Jose M Allen, Victoria
B V Barker, Livermore C Nanert Aw, A:\arado
B Callish- r. s V 1 > Carter. Vailejo
M P Chambeflin, S Cruz L Alexander, Watsonvlle
PJ Fannon Aw, s Jose V !■' Wright, San Diego
X C Wagner, Stockton B M Morse, Sacramento
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
.Tas Harrison, Oakland Mrs Cortland, San Jose
11 A Murphy A wf.sJose M A L-oolev, san Felipe
1. Moil. Bolinas C D McKenzer, Bolinas
M Avers, Butte, Mont li Williams, san Diego
XII M Govern, Menlo Geo Reed, Stockton
D it Lewis, Seattle A J Smith. Solano
T J White, Tacoma Newton Ray, La conela
J II Morehouse, Boston E Ellsworth, Dayton, Or
1. Howard, Dayton, Or
• — • — •
There is in existence a curious class of
knives of the sixteenth century, the
blades of which have on one side the
musical notes to the benediction of the
table, or grace before meat, and on the
other side the grace alter meat. The set
of these knives usually consisted of four.
They were kept in an upright case of
stamped leather and were placed before
the singer.
• — .♦ — •
Norway is the best telephone country in
the world, in spite of the fact that 70 per
cent of its area is uncuitivable and an
other 24 per cent is forest. It has one ex
change for every 7812 inhabitants and one
telephone to each forty inhabitants —
times the number in this country.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
fty^> EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. A
Efr-* s ' and A. M.- Called meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Februarj- 19,^ Jf
at 7 :30 o'clock. Third degree. V^^N
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
_^=» MISSION LODGE .MJ. 160, F. A
*-*= (l! A. M.— Called meeting THIS JfX
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7::Vj'«3f
o'clock. First degree. By orderof the W. /V^
M. C. D. BUN F. li , Secretary.
Sf-~S=» CVA NHOE LODGE NO. 5, X."OF &£■
Q^-=^ P.. will confer the Knight rankv J&.
(long form) WEDNESDAY February 19.5<C^y,
1896. at Pythian Castle, 909 V Market st..4"2*£?r
at^:3op. m. Members of sister lodges coruially
Invited. HOWARD BURNS, C. C.
1 1. NoHcaows, X of R. and S.
Efr-S= 'UK Usui ANNIVERSARY OF ~M~
&-»' the birth of Robert Emmet will he afj.
celebrated on March 4 by a grand musical ~k^yA
and literary entertainment under the aoa-^M^
pices of the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. HON. M. M. ESTEE. chairman.
Oration by HON. JOHN F. FINERTY of Chi-
cago. Reserved seats can be secured at Deasv
Bros.' new -tore 20 sixth st., near Market.
Bry^- T 1 IE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
I*-*" Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy St., THIS ( WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, February 19, at 8 o'clock.
Business of great importance.
i JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
Cp5S» A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
»-£>' nersof th- Builders' Exchange will be held
on MONDAY. February 24. ISM, at 1 o'clock p.m.
at 40 New Montgomery at., Sau Francisco, for the
purpose of considering:
First— Nominations of candidates for hoard of
directors.
Second— Report of committee on by-laws.
-Consideration of change of entrance from
New Montgomery si. side to Misslon-st. side Bi-
dder of the board. OSCAR LEW 18, President
.1 as. A. Wilson, Secretary.
iryg;- STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICES-OFFICE OF
Qf-J^ - La Candelarla Mining Company. San Fran-
cisco, California, January 31. D396— ln accordance
with a resolution adopted at a meeting of the noard
of Trustees of La Caudelaria Mining Company held
this day a special meeting of the stockholders 01
said company is hereby called to be held at the
office of said company, at 530 California street,
San Francisco, California, room 60, the principal
place of business of said corporation, and the build-
ing where its Board of Trustees meet, on TUES-
DAY, the 7th day of April, 1898, at the hour of 10
o'clock *. M.
The object of said meeting is to take Into con-
sideration and decide upon the proposition to In-
crease the capital stock of said company from two
million six hundred and eighty-eight thousand
dollars ($2,688,000), divided Into twenty-six hun-
dred and eighty-eight (2688) shares of one thousand
($1000) dollars each, the present capital stock of
said company, to thirteen million four hundred
end forty thousand dollars ($13,440,000), to be
divided into two hundred and sixty-eight thousand
eight hundred (268,800) shares of fifty dollars
($5O) each. By order of the Board of Trustees.
GEORGE A. HILL. Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Contlnned.
'■ STy^ ANNUALMEEMING— THE REGULAR
»*-& annual meeting ot stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the comnanv, 327 Market street, >•* Francisco,
' Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1596, at
. the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi- '
ness ns may come before the meeting. '
Transfer nooks will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock M.
- E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. j
DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND No. j
B-jS' 2* (fifteen cents per share), of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the of- j
lice of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
THURSDAY, February 20, 1896. Transfer books
will close Friday, 1-ebruary 14.1896. at 3 o'clock '
p. m. ]■:. .1. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
two sciTEssriT a iu?eT6lTlathes^ '
aWSr very reasonable: also a lady to assist at :
light housework. 7 Grant avenue.
jF^p DR. ROSE CLEVELAND RETURNED;
»*» Chicago baths; attendants. Room 4, 116 a j
Grant aye. I
SJ^S=> COUNTESS JUANTA TERRA ZES I
iv?~ £ ' teaches languages. Boom 31, 321 Ellis st. j
Rys= English LADY GIVES genuine i
•a<*r massage. Room 46, 850 Market st.
jjF^pT MISS BATON ""gives "genuine
S*--* 7 steam baths. 121 Montgomery St., room 6. ;
ESS?" BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
'&^& every night cor. .Market ana Sixth sts.; artis- |
tic advertisements in living light; promoters of 1
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
S^gP BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
86-^6* Collections mr.de, city or country. Pacltia
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy si., room 6. Tel. 6580.
H^s» WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS I
■s-*^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for \
damages guarantee*!. C. ROSSI A CO.. 242 Sutter. '
itTS 13 BR. EUGENE ROLAND. MAGNETIC :
&~» treatment for rbmatism,r. 20, 116 a Grant ay
B^jS" SENORITA CARMENUITA MASCOT TA I
»-~*^ gives Spanish lessons. Room 2, 27 Taylor. I
5S^S= MBS. NETA. CHIROPODIST: ELECTRO .
"**? treatment. Office 11, 5^ Kearny sU
fEZ& EVA GOLDSTEIN— GIV I LESSONS i.N
" - g^ the autohnrp. Parlor 2, 120 a Eddy St.
kjpS= SENORITA CARMENCITA MASCOT-
is-£r ta. 105 Stockton street, room 48. Parisian
baths.
ttjgg=> MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
tt-*' Electric, vapor, salt waterbaths. 116 . ior.
Tf"S= IANMi; DAYIS.M A~NI CURE PARLORS; '
la*& moved from 202 to 122 Post : parlors '2 A3. '
jtss 3 Hiss WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION on
&-& plana Room 15, 101 Vi» Grant aye.
aeqgp -jo-ja post— ma COHEN, GENUINE
£*-& Parisian baths. Offices 2 and 3
r,7^s= GYPSY CARD READER; 2 6c" AND up.
I*^s Room 2, 12 Mason st.
np--gp MAE EDWARDS HAS RETURNED I"
&-*^ 303^3 Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
treatmen . •;• ■
IKS' VESTA GOLDSMITH. GENUINE JEW-
fiP-^^ ish massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st.
gr^iF -MRS. WALLACE GIVES I GENUINE
»~XS magnetic treatment. 109 Powell, room 28.
ffig^ MBS. STEWART GIVES GENUINE
(Sr-*' steam batns. l'iOV'2 Geary, rooms 10 and 11.
s^^=' ALMA QREYJ CHIROPODI ST, 620
&»*' Marke: si., room 2 J, opp. Palace Hotel.
f3> MME! KIMRAL, FROM VIENNA.
I*-7 French lessons. 17 Grata aye., parlor 12.
T'-ry' MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT a\E~
~z-^' parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
Srs= MRS. 8088, 1086 MARKET ST., ROOM I
!>»«-»* 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.- |
i^i MISS FRANCES BERNHARD; GENU- '
'<S^£7 me massage treatment. 17a Sixth st.. rm. 1. j
iKS 3 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— j
Jr^S THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address !
in the United States or Canada one year tor $1 50,
postage free.
SITUATIONS IYANTED-IEMALE.
yOUNG WOMEN OF ALL NATIONALITIES
J- want housework situations. Address C. R.
HANSEN &CO., 110 Geary st.
QCANDINAVIAN NURSES AND SEAM-
-0 stresses want situations. Address C. R. HAN-
SEN a CO., 110 Geary st.
Oi I SCANDINAVIAN UPSTAIRS AND SEC-
— ond girls want situatious. Address C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
pALL ON, WRITE OR TELEPHONE C. R.
VJ HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st., Telephone
Grant 185, for your servants.- Good onesalwavs
on hand. y y. :
riVRUSTWORTHY INFANT'S NURSE DE-
X sires situation: two years last place; city or
country. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. tele-
-1 bone, Main 6520.
\"E AT. CAPABLE SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
->-^ girl desires situation: $15 to $20: best refer-
ences: city or country , Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
QCOTCH SECOND GIRL, WHO THOROUIH-
O ly understands washing, wants second work or
laundry work. For particulars telephone or ad-
dress .'Miss PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
O NEAT YOUNG GIRLS, WITH REFER-
*I ences, want situations to assist in housework;
$10, $12 and $15 a month. Address or telephoue
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Batter St.
pOM PETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
\J station to assist in kitchen of restaurant;
will work by day or week ; can make herself gen-
erally useful; very reasonable. Call or address
1 103 Montgomery st.
YOUNG WOMAN, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, wishes any kind of work in family, or
care for children or Invalid; country preferred.
Address S., box 33, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER, IND X It STANDING CUT-
tins and fitting, wishes work in families or will
take work home. Apply 623 Howard st., between
Second and Third.
" \ MERICAN GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
XX. to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress J., 537 Howard st.
BY FIRST-CLASS COOK AND COMPETENT
nurse in private family; good home more an
Object than wages. Call 1236 Larkin st.
U'o.MAN "WANTS POSITION TO DO GEN-
eral housework or mind children; good refer-
ence. Call 10 Cleveland, nr. s ventn and Folsom.
U'OMAN WISHES LIGHT WASHING AND
housecleaning, $1 a day and car fare. 138
Clara st. -.->:.
GO< ENGLISH COOK WANTS SITUA-
tion to do general housework; low wages: good
city reference. Call at 369 Jessie st.. near Fifth.
N AMERICAN WIDOW demi.es" A POSI-
x\. tion as housekeeper or companion. - Widow,
box 20. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED— IN OFFICE OR
store or typewriter. M. X., 3281 Central aye.,
Alameda.
ANTED-SITUATION TO TAKE CARE
, of children by a young girl: church-going peo-
ple preferred. 411 Post St., basement.
YOUNG ~ GIRL W IB HES~A PLACE TO DO
X general housework; wages, $15 to $18. Call or
address 757 T'oisom.
QITUATION BY RESPECTABLE YOUNG
O woman for general housework in small private
i family: wages $15; city only. Please call at 916
; Howard. <?>y ■-■
Y OU - NG LADY WANTS SITUATION IN
1 hotel as cook or waitress. Call at 150 Fourth,
room 28. i 3ajSM&BHB9IHniKSES|
At' ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN SIT-
TT nation as cook and laundress; city or countrt-.
Apply 39 Minna.
"Experienced dressmaker wants
J few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 50. Call 209 Franklin St.
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE
TJ day washing, ironing or housecleaning or
chamberwo;!; at lodging-house. Call or address
612 Minna
O YOUNG GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS, ONE
xj to do cooking aud the other to mind children
and do upstairs work. Call or address 409 Third st.
pOil PETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
V,' the uay washing, ironing, cleaning, or will
wash flannels at home. MRS. ALLEN, 427
Stevenson st.. near Fifth; rear.
YOUNG WOMEN FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission St., nr. Eighth, room 15, second floor.
WOMAN WANTS WORK as CHAMBER-
»' maid or hum tress in hotel; city or country
Room 240, Denver House, 219 Third st.
: QAVEDIsff "GIRL" AVANTS - SITUATION TO
O do general housework. call 3106 California.
ROMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY AS
| TT laundress or housecleaning. Call at 43 Wil-
I low aye., between Eddy and Ellis. .
OTRoNG MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES
O a position as cook or general housework. Den-
ver House, room 240, 219 Third street.
SWEDISH GIRL WITH GOOD REFERENCES
wishes 10 do general housework; wages $15.
, 224 Seventeenth st., be:. Mission and Howard. ,
Rl.s TABLE WOMAN WISHES TO DO
washing or housecleaning by the day. 529
Howard st.
It" ANTED— RELIABLE PROTESTANT
' » woman, position to take care of infant: is com-
petent to full charge from birth; city or country.
Apply 329 Thirteenth st.
REFINED YOUNG WOMAN _ WISHES PO-
J t sition as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
OUNG WOMAN DESIRES POSITION AS
X nurse :n small family. Call or address 929 Pine.
AMERICAN* HOUSEKEEPER
v.-a.ts situation. Call or address 9 - Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
SITUATIONS -WANTED BY 2 GIRLS T(T" DO
chamberwork in city. Call or address 343 Fifth.
MARRIED LADY, NO CHILDREN,
X wishes place to take lull charge of respectable
rooming-house. Address or call, on Mi's. DE-
VINE. 408 Sixth st.
V U N SWEDISH GIRL WAN 18 LIGHT
J- housework. Call 405 Fifth st.
If XPE BIENCED NURSE WISHES TO TAKE
J entire charge of infant or children; city refer-
ence. Please call 8 Sherwood place, off Third st. ;
wages $30.
V OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X with small family to ' assist In general house-
work. Apply 940 Twenty-third st., nr. Dolores.
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1 K96.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Oontlnned.
QTTUiifioN WAN TED BY AN KXPKRI-
O enced woman to do cooking or housework 2
years In last place; German or American cooking.
Please call at 557 Mission St.
/'GOD COOK .WANTS SITUATION TO COOK
\T and do housework: no washing. 3"01 Geary.
YOU NG GIBL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
-L general housework and cooking. tall l6.ii/2
Clara st. ' .
C ITt ATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL TO
0 t«ke care of children and assist in housework.
Apply 10 Falmouth st., off Folsom, between Fifth
j and .-sixth sts.
"DELIA WOMAN WISHES WOKK BY
It the day; washing-, ironing or housecleaning.
829 Hayes St., near Fillmore, basement. .
IU IDOW, SPEAKS FRENCH, - WOULD LIKE
" a place to nurse one child, do ligut upstairs
work and sewing; uaklaud preferred. F. C,, box
10, Call Oflice, Oakland.
T ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
J J keeper: is good dressmaker. 137 Seventh St.,
room 1.
\y ANTED— BY A NEAT. RELIABLE GER-
» » man girl, a position to do .housework in small
family; is good cook: can give best reference.
Please call 425 Francisco St.; take Powsl-st. car
north.
JS BENCH DRESSMAKER. GOOD FITTER,
would like a few more engagements in family.
38'. 4 MosssU
U~ ■ T.l LEDUCATED LADY WISHES A POST-
»» Hon in otlice or wholesale house. Address S.
E., ho.v. 67, Call Office.
T AD V WISHES A~ POSITION AS lIIOUSE-
J J keeper. '215 a Post St., room 15.
\'isii inT, GOVERNESS, an expkrT-
V enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils iv history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 10-t, Call.
YOUNG SPANISH LADY WISHES HOURK-
-1 keeper's position. Room 15, 120^ Geary st.
Cl ENTLEMEN'SIMENDING NEATLY DONE
r at, room '22, 105 Stockton st.
! \y ANTED— BY A WIDOW, AMERICAN. OF
« i 37, situation as working housekeeper for wid-
ower in country or city: good cook. A. 8., box 12,
j Call Office.
i \rOUNG CREOLE LADY WISHES A HOUSE-
X keeper's position. 917 Market st., room 18,
second floor.
T\' INCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 TH IRD " ST., NR.
TT Market: '200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 per night;
9 1 50 to ?6 per week; convenient, and resi-ectabift.
Iree bus to ami from the ferry.
Sill . lON, V. A • , ,, a* ALE.
AT TENT TON-HANSEN ~&~7?(LIiAVE~"ALL
kinds of men for all kinds of work constantly
on band. Write or call on us at 110 Geary st.,
Grant, iss telephone.
/ HiiiKS, BAKERS, BUTCHERS, "- ESVAI
\J waiters and porters furnished at once hy C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\p I RST-C LA SS COACHMAN DESIRES SITUA-
J tion; best references: city or country. MISS
CT LLEN. 323 Sutter st. ; t< lepbone main 5520.
Z.(\f\ MEN FOB ILL KINDS OK WOttK ARE
o\'\J waiting for situations at J. F CRORETT &
CO.'S Employment- Agency, 028 Sacramento st.
}) C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches :shorl notice. 1 4 Oearv. tel.Grant 46.
UNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND TAP A -
esc em ploy merit office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacrtmento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO
<J vides best help. 314b Sutterst.; tel. Grant 30.
pHINEsE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMEN 1"
V office; best help. 414 1 2 O'Farrell; tel. k. 426.
COACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE";
thoroughly understands car and driving
horses: kool gardener and milker: handy wi.h
tools: California references. Address A. S., box
115, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION ;
man understands gardening and stock; woman
thorough housekeeper: would take charged room-
ing house, s. Ji„ box 70, Call Office, Oakland.
SITUATION W A NTKD - SURVEYOR AND
civil engineer: 6 years' experience with one of
the largest constructing firms in the United States;
bridges, trestles and concrete forms a specialty.
Address Engineer, box 09, Call Office.
QITU ATION " WANTED BY AN ENGLISH
O coachman who thoroughly understands bis
business: willing about place; can milk; first-
class leierences- Address JOE, 1725 Everett st.,
Alameda, <al.
HONEST, WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
work: c:erk. porter, collector, salesman, etc ;
7 years in former place; references excellent.
Y. M., box 12, Call Office.
ANU OR, married] no children,
O wishes situation; best of references from last
employer; strictly sober and handy. Please call
or address 923 Minna si.
QTRICTLY FIRST-CLASS BARBER, WHO
O has been employed in the best shops In the city,
is desirous of place to work evenings, Saturday
and Sunday. Address A No. 1, box 65, Call Office.
yOUNG RELIABLE MARRIED GERMAN
X wishes some kind of work. Address A. G. S.,
box 16, Call Otlice.
PAINTER WANTS WORK FOR LANDLORD;
X can do tinting, whitening ' and* graining; has
tools; terms to suit. Painter, box 71, Call Office.
OY , 18 V ..Alts OLD, WOULD LIKE SITUA-
tion of any kind; good references. Address W.,
534 Polk st. y,,y,y
\yANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN WITH WIFE
»* and child a position as clerk or bookkeeper;
city or country. Address 134 Fourth St.. room 26.
SITUATION WANTED BY A _ Y6UNG~MA N
fj as porter in wholesale house or saloon: best of
references. A. HELLSTROM, -09 Seventh st.
"Hi AP. KEEPER - SINGLE AND RESPECT-
abIe; with best of city references; German v.
Barkeeper, 681 Mission st., room 36 .
Y OUNG GERMAN, WELL ACQUAINTED IN
X the city, wants job on delivery wagon. Ad-
dress Y. G., box 1 16, Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
O bookkeeper, salesman or driver delivery
wagon; general business knowledge and long ex-
perience in this city. Address J. TI., box 150, Call
Office.
ENTLEMAN. HI'S H EUROPEAN EDCCA-
tion, French. German, etc.. wants occupation;
references; eventually bonds. Address G. H.,
box 68, Call.
S~~ ITUATION WANTED RY A RESPECT-
ab!e boy, age 16, to make himself useful
around an office. W. D., box 47, Call.
C AT ION" wanted on shore by MATE
O of a ship used to working with gang of men.
Address J. W. M., oox 114, CalL
ADVERTISER, HOLDING . HIGHEST CR&
f\ dentials, offers $50 to any one procuring him
permanent employment as bookkeeper In repu-
table establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY A BLACKSMITH
O competent to do all kind's of work and shoeing:
city or country: references. Address S. BUT-
TERY, 809 Treat aye. ■
O TRICTLY SOBER AND RELIABLE MID-
O die-aged man wants to work around a private
place: would work for small wages for a borne;
city or short distance in cojntry. Address E. C,
box 75, this office.
POSITION AS "BOOKKEEPER, COLLECTOR
A or drummer by thorough business man. Ad-
dress P. B. box 110. Call oilice.
BAKER WANTS SITUATION; FIRST-CLASS
man on bread and cake; American Address
M. P.. box 8. Call Office.
I KK.nA>' WISHES TO WORK IN PRIVATE
1 family to take care of horses, cows and garden:
good man about place; is willing to work. D.,
box 150, Call Office.
pOOD JAPANESE MARRIED COUPLE TO
"I take charge of lodging-house or in private fam-
ily: man is good cook and wife housework, etc.
Address Tom, 204 Ellis st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT'
0 general printer; sober, steady and can handle
any work, book or job. Address G. Vf., box 41,
Call Office.
> l 1 X FEB" lEN C E D CUKES MAiv 2 X:
XJ. makes different kinds of che se, also butter;
knows how to run a separator wishes situation.
Address A. 8., box 48, Call Office.
pOACHMAN, BY A YOUNG MAN FROM
\J Boston: thoroughly understands his business:
can furnish best references. Apply 1. 1. M., box 14,
Call Ollice. ■ .
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ~
(A ERMAN OR^CA^lSTv^!^Oolc7oNLY'
VX 4 in family, 925; downstairs girl, $25: Herman
housegirl, $20; young Protestant housegirl, $15;
young girl to assist with second work, $12; young
nnrsegiri.SlO, and others. C. R. HANSEN & Co.,
110 Geury at.
SCANDINAVIAN COOK AND SECOND GIRLS
lO want places: $25 and $20 each. Address C. R.
HANSEN &CO-, 110 Geary st. ~ ,
NURSE. $25, 1 CHILD; GERMAN SECOND
girl and seamstress, $20; French second girl,
$20; nurse, $20: cook, $30; 20 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25; 10 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
Ap RE N O I I MAID AND PLAIN SEWING, J2O :
X French girl, 1 child, $20. Miss CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. Btfla4aMflMaflnSa9itt4BSH93KM
GERMAN NURtsE: CHILD 2 YEARS; $15.
» MISS CULLEN, 320 Sutterst.
COOK; American family OF 2: $25".
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
/'EitMAN [OK SCANDINAVIAN HOI
VX work girl: 3 in family; $25 to $30. Miss
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st-
Xi L i n work ; PALO ALTO: $15. MISS CUL-
I I.EN. 323 Sutterst. .
\y -ANTED— FRENCH CHAMBERMAID AND
»» sewing, $20: German second girl and sewing,
$20: 3 cooks, Herman style, $25; Trench nurse, 1
child. $20: German cook for restaurant, $25:
waitress, boarding-bouse, $20: colored cook, small
hotel. $-^5, and girls for cooking and housework.
J. 1". < Tto BTT A CO., 312 sutter St.
\y ANTKD- ( i ERMA N . (OK , $25 : . SECOND
.»» girl, same place,. $15; German second girl
with city references, $20; upstairs and sewing,
$-0; 8 French nurses, $25 and $20; French sec-
ond. $20; German or Swedish- cook, $25. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton.
pi IKL OK _ WOMAN FOP. HOUSEWORK AND
V I cooking, small family, Arizona, $20, fare paid.
MURRAY A BEADY, 634 Clay St..
- WAITRESSES, CITY AND COUNTRY, $15,
•T $18 and $20; young girl assist in boarding-
house, $12; cooks and. housework girls, city and
country. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st.
OE GIRLS FOR "AMERICAN "FAMILY, $20,
X.O $25. ' MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st. .
I 1
WTB-T.P WANTED-CnntlnnM.
; W ANTED-A FRENCH GIRL TO SEW AND I
"do chamberwork in private family, $20: 5 1
cooks, assist plain wash. $25: 50 other good house-
work girls can obtain situations in city and coun-
fay at wages from $15 to $30. Apply MISS ! '
1 LU N KETT, 424 Sutter st. j
WANTED— NEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; I
'» good cook, 2 in family, no washing, $20; 2]
: girls for housewoik, $15; 4 girls, good cooks, $25; ;
: girl for housework: good cook, small family, $20.
111 /s Anioniost., off Jones, near Ellis.
WANTED— reliaETe - TO CaRE i
' » for 2 children during uay and occasional even- i
ings; must sleep home: city reierences required:
wages $15. Call to-day, between 9 and 12, at 2140
Sutter st.
iy ANTED- OPERATORS HAVING HAD 1
'» factory experience on ladies' waist".; steady I
wort throughout the year. MARKS BROS., 106
Sixth st.
A ILORESSES ON ROTS' CLOTHING MUST !
X understand work; steady employment A. I
GIRY, 635 Kearny st,' .-.
A PPRENTICKS TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-V ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68. |
GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK ;
and mind cnildren; sleep home. 625 Geary. 1
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK;
X wage3sio. 1930 Pine. !
EXPERIENCED FINISHERS ON COATS. 1
Ei 108 Battery st,
GIRL FOR (JENERAL HOUSEWORK; $15 !
' month. __ 229 San Jose aye.
(A I L FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
YA cooking. $15. 245 Fourtn; upstairs.
SMART GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
» ami cooking. C i',; after 9, 706 Battery st.
1 GOOD WAITRESS AND 1 GOOD CHAMBE R- I
X maid. 530 Third st. j
VV ANTED— FEMALE OPERATOR CUSTOM !
'' coats. 4 Harriet St.
GIRL, GOOD COOK: NONE OTHER NEED
M apply; family of 3. 1727 Page st.
VTURSEGIRL ABOUT 15 OR 16 YEARS OLD;
XA wages $10. Call early, 721 Ellis st.
W ANTED-GIRL TO HELP IN GENERAL
' ' housework. 505 Haves st.
ffj .'.ILOBESS ON CUSTOM COATS. 1236 MAR-
X feet st., room 21.
pERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND GEN-
YT erai housework; sleep at home. Apply 1023
Minna st., net. Eleventh and Twelfth, off Mission.
/ - IRL 15 IOH 16 TO TAKE CARE OF, BABY.
VJ Apply 1418 Page.
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE- •
X work. 1218b Eddy st.
WANTED— GIRLS TO WAIT ON TABLE
" In saloon in the conntrv; good wages. Apply
room 1, 1126 Market >;., 9 a. M . to 3 J. M.
pOLOKED Nl ' 1- hi ; 1 ttL WANTED TO CARE
\J for 2 growing children; wages $10. BOWHAY,
504 Sutter St.
THREE LADY SOLICITORS: THOSE HAY- !
ing some knowledge of insurance preferred. P.i
11. A. Co., room C, sixth floor. Mills building.
U' INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR ;
Market— tights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f>-"e bus to and trom the ferry.
TH OROUGH , 0 RSE IN MILLINERY
X taught: will prepare pupils totake positions this
spring. Miss ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, FlN-
ishing taught; easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns. '^5c up, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell at.
HAIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes ; 10 les___l 50. 1248 Mission.
T A WHENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
XJ cutting school. 1231 Market st. .net. Bth and 9tb.
Mi'M CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE; !
Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market; !
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and trom the ferry.
MALE li L l* \» A TEI*.
BAR RKR FOR A C( tINTP. V HOTEIT.S2TtO ;
$30 ami found; elovator-boy with references, j
hotel, 15 and found. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 110 j
Geary st,
WANTED— FOR THE WOODS, 2 LOG-CUT-
»' teis, $40 and board: I ar^er. $45 and board. C. I
It. HANSEN * co., 110 Geary st.
"\7 EG ETA BLE GARDENER, COUNTRY, $25 I
> and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary. ,
WANTED-GAKDENER FOR A CLUB NEAR j
"I city, vegetables and flowers, and must be aDle
to drive a carriage, $30 and found, first-class
place; gardener for an Institution near city, raise !
some vegetables, $20 and found: also farmers, j
milkers, laborers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. |
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st ,
IyANTED— ELDERLY TAILOR FOR AN IN- I
" stliutiou, near city, $10 per month, with
board, lodging and washing; good home. W. D.
EWER A CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— FOR I 6'JGING CAMP, 2 SWAMP-
" ers, $20 and board: 2 crosscut sawyers, 526
and board; 2 barkers, 926 and board; long jobs;
see party in city. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED— 2 MINERS, $2 50 AND 9S~ A
'» day ; swampers, $20; crosscut-sawyers. $26:
barkers, .$26: men cook, country Hotel, $40; res-
taurant cook, country, $10; restaurant and hotel
waiters. $20. $25 and $35, and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— MAN AND WIFE FOR RANCH,
'» $40, room, board, etc., call early; 2 ranch j
hands, orchard and vineyard work; painter; !
waiter, small place, $20, room, etc.. call early. !
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
PANTRYMAN AND PORTER. $20; 2 COOKS
J- 2 waiters, waiter boy, 3 w oodehoppers, milker
and other places. MURRAY <fc READY', 634
and 630 clay st. . USSSSSSfefig
THIRST-CLASS BUTLER FOR CITY, $45.
XJ Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
« ) (it >"ff MEN TO WORK A NEW PLAN OF
0 life insurance: something new on the coast:
chance for advancement. 91010 a. m., third floor,
Industrial Department, Pacific Mutual building,
Montgomery and Sacramento sts.
fUA NTED— < i RMAN I A WINEHOUSE
>' as a bartender; must understand to sell goods
In the store; only a well-recommended man need
apply. 8., box 60, this office.
XAT ANTED— YOUNG OR MIDDLE-AGED MAN
" on small fruit farm; must understand care and
cultivation of trees and willing to work for low
wages for steady job. A. L., box 1511, Call Office.
1 > ESPECTABLE BOY 16 TO LEARN NUR-
J 1 scry and gardening, board with family. 2726
Howard st.
TRONG BOYTO LEARN CARRIAGE PAINT-
i^ Ing. 217 Ellis st.
DISH WASHER FOR RESTAURANT. 204
Fourth st. y ■'-• y..
ANTED-SECOND WAITER, AT 650 HOW-
_ ard st.; German Hotel.
pOOTJ LUNCH WAITER. 629 DAVIS ST.;
\j ioa. _____
you g man TO peddle. 1216 HAMP-
X shire st., bet. seventh and Ninth.
ii HOEMAKER ON SEWED WORK. . 202
O Powell st.
WANTED- YOUNG MAN TO LEARN DENT-
" istry; references required. Apply 1631 Devi-
sadero st., cor. sutter, bet, hours of 3 and 4 p. M.
\\ A [TER WANTED AT 407 MASON. APPLY
*» in rear at 8 o'clock.
TJARBERS AND THE PUBLIC, TAKE NO-
L> tice— That all barber-shops are notified to close
on Saturday. February 22, Washington's birthday,
at 12 o'clock, noon. E. PAUL ROCHE, Recording
Secretary Barbers' Protective Union.
BARBER-GOOD; WANTS .STEADY JOB
year round Saturday and Sunday; or even-
ings and Saturday and Sunday|in good shop. ' E..
box 18. Call Office. :
"fflfOKA PARTNER WANTED: ESTABLISH-
»p<- UU. Ed business; good for $100 per month;
c:n be increased. JOHNSTON A CO., Kearny. I
SHOEMAKER'S SHOP FOR SALE-GOOD I
0 custom: shop must be sold at once. 2903 Pine
st., cor. Baker. '..••.;•
Ul ANTED— STEADY' MAN TO ASSIST IN A
strictly cash business; will pay $65 per month;
experience not required; must have $150 cash.
Apply b73 1 / a Market St., room 1.
pOOD STRONG BOY OR YOUNG MAN TO
VjTlearn the candy business, at once. SCHAEF-
Elt'S, 22 Sixth st.
\y ANTED— PHOTO-ENGRAVER WHO IS
»» line-etcher, router and blocker. UNION
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO., Los Angeles.
ffIAILOR— YOUNG MAN TO WORK ON
X coats. 1.36 Market St., room 21.
TH X PER IEN C E D DOMESTIC AND MEN'S
J J furnishing-goods' salesmen. X., box 2, Call.
JJOY; ONE EXPERIENCED' IN BAKERY".
XX 1139 Folsom st.; call 2 to 3.
3 -CHAIR BABBEB-SHOP: 3 ROOMS; ALSO
O shoemaking-shop; reasonable. 649 Broadway.
RBER-SHOP FOR SALE: GOOD LOCA-
tion;' tion; laundry pays rent; $60. 514 Mission st.
IHOR HALE WELL-ESTABLISHED SHOE-
X maker-shop; account other business. 1197
Market st.
BARBERS, TAKE NOTICE— ALL BARBER-
shops are notified to close on Saturday, Febru-
ary 22, Washington's birthday, at 12 o'clock noon.
11. A. WOLFE, President Barbers' Association.
AM EN FOR MERCHANT VESSELS,
O whalers aud sealers. MORDAUNT - A CO.,
225 Clay st.
iJE AM EN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA.
O South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
'•ft')!)/ 1 PARTNER: CHANCE FOR STEADY
tjpxjyjyj. man; old established saloon. 1026
Larkin. .
BARBERS— 25c SHOP, WITH BATHS; THE
only shop in town. DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st. -
R II BS— HALF INTEREST IN GOOD-
Ing shop; cheap. 1501 Stockton street.
A CENTRA L LOCATION ; LOW
XX rent: long lease. Apply this office.
RAZOR-FIX I OUR SPECIALTY; -GRIND-
ing new edge on razor. 2ic; razor concaved,
50c: razor honing and setting, 25c, at the Razor
Exchange, 630 Market St.; first-class work.
WANTED— AT BOOM 817, 328 MONTGOM-
** cry st., clerks and ; laborers to call if they do
not receive their jus; dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
\V ANTED— A TAILOR. 648^ COMMER-
'» cial st. * *.
7CTKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
Li 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to SOc; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
HELP. WANTED-ContlnnH. \
LOR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
x the nlacer gold fields of Cooks Inlet address 1
C. D. LADD, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
• EST. MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8 !
iJ courses, 10c, at .-cattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
pREAMERY HALL RESTAURANT: SEAT-
V^' Ing capacity 120 chairs; meals sc. 635 Clay st.
ALESMAN— TO SELL PETIT LEDGER ,
U grocers' coupon books and other specialties, by
sample, to merchants; side lines ready sellers";
good pay. MODEL Ml-'G CO.. South Bend, Ind.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
— ' Hoc up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
<& I - TO $4 PEE WEEK: 300 SUNNY ROOMS;
%pA large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
"L^OR TIIE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
-1- try I3Vfe Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
r.(\(\ MEN TO GET A FINE -T7LISH, DC-
""'■' rable calf shoe toorder.s2 50. 9-9 Howard.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CA L. EMl'LOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238Vb O'Farrell."
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 523 SACRAMENTO"
"st.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, Sl a week: meals 10c.
Rosed a"le"house,li2l ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; £1 to $4 week: open all night.
A MECHANICS, CLERKS. LABOR-
" ers tocall if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no charge unless -
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 sntter st.
|>ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
I ' female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francl3CO Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
Ba hers- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL MEC-
retarv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant S. FUCHS.
W ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms; 26c_per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
nr INCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAB
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from tbe ferry.
i( I A men" TO TAKE LODGING at iocTTsc
-1 'Vf and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CTT /-SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; #1, $1 25, $1 50 p«r »cc.c.
Psclhc House .Commercial and Leid esdorff sts.
Wanted— men TO GET bottle sharp
'f steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st. '
A I EN'S %-SOLING 50c: LA'DIE-' 40c; DONE
xiX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I J 'ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
IX menr. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
TTREK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
X also a but 1 eof laser, sc, at 037 Clay st.
Ay ANTED— SINGLE Rooms, 15c A DAY"; $1
» ' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay St.
r UKV ACME Hoi.SE. h.>7 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room : 25c a nitht : $1 a week.
JUST OUT: NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see; half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing at half price; work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
A I WT MEN'S SECOND-HAN DttlJ SHOES.SOME
___ nearly new. 2br 10 $3 25.. 562 Mission st.
_____ WAN ; EI).
AGENTS WANTED TO CANVASS FOR GEN-
-TV eral lyOtigstreet's memoirs, From Manassas to
Appomattox; the best selling book issued for years;
apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m. J. A. HOFMANN, g-. n-
eral agent, 120 Sutter st.
AGENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. .719
Market St., first floor.
] EXPERIENCED LADY AGENTS; NO OTH-
X ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020
Market st., Ist floor.
Iji IRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
the California Mutual Benefit socletv; ladles
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. 1). BAINE,
superintendent ofagents. Murphy building. - : •:.■■■ .-
HOUSES wanted.
LEASE OF HOUSE EXCHANGED FOR LAN D;
SE. high corner preferred. L., 10 y 3 Farren aye.
KOOMS WANTED.
INGLE MAN WANTS UNFURNISHED
room; central; rent low. M.. box 13, Call.
WONTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
pANISS^ToI^NTrLitftSE^GRWOBKoN
" shares a ranch with stock or summer resort.
Apply F. J. S., 205 Ninth st. -_■
• y ANTED -TO RENT SECOND-lIAND
'I piano; about $2 a month. Address W., box 1,
Call Office.
BIG HORSES; MUST WEIGH 1800 OR
J over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
" repairing: best worK at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker. 126 Kearny st., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST.
V OST— SOLITAIRE AMONdTuNg'gOING
XJ from 626 Market st. to 321 Bush st. Beturn to
MADIS N A BURKE and receive reward.
ONLAY NIGHT, LADY'S GOLD WATCH
1»1 and fob. between Bryant and Twenty-fourth
and St. Peter's Hall; monoi-ram M. A. Return
2603 Bryant St.; reward.
I OST— YOUNG BROWN AND WHITE NEW-
J ' foundiand; white nose. Get reward 473 Valen-
cia st. ■..:..'••"
T OST— ON O'FARRELL ST., NEAR OCTAVIA,
XJ lace handkerchief. Return 15 Dearborn place,
off Seventeenth: suitable reward.
ABGE RUSSIAN HOUND; BLACK AND
gray; long, broad nose ; $20 reward. 1 Fifth.
T OST-ROLL OF GREENBACKS ON .TRAIN
Xj to Ingleside. Return Call Ollice and name own
reward.
LOST— MEDAL FROM MARION4SIMS
Medical College of St. Louis,' Mo. • Finder will
please return to JOS. MENAFEE, at 906 Powell
St., and receive suitable reward.
LOST— LARGE BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND
dog; white breast. Beturn to 726 Golden Gate
aye. and receive reward.
LOST — PAIR OP GOLD EYE-GLASSES, ON
Market. Shipley or Sixth sts. : reward. 16 Hill
St., near Valencia.
T OST -YOUNG PUG DOG; GET REWARD
XJ on delivery. 13 Shotwell st.
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting ray shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 Turk St., near Jones.
LOST— BETWEEN CITY HALL ANlTjEF-
lerson square, ladles' hunting-case gbld watch,
with name inside. A handsome reward will be
given for the return of same to gall OUlce.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EDUCI'H)-50C^$L~^K
THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED '
CLAIRVOYANT A .MIST MEDIUM,
PROF. LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marr.nge, divorce, etc.; tells of your
friends and enemies: interprets' dreams; removes
evil influences: call and be convinced: hours, 9 to 8
dally; also Sunday. PROF. LEON, 533 Post st.
pBOF. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST.
A palmist. 303 Mason St.; sittings 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, February 26.
Star; ight" is LOCATED tii6a~(7rant
O aye.. parlor 6 ; office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p m.
ME. DB. .THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; ears
nelp; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1 -. letter $2. 029 Post St., nr. Larkin.
A UGU-TA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture or
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling-
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms-
ieesl and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
A, ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
xix past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $I-
palmistry, clalrvoynnt, $1 50. 126 Turn, nr. Jones.
ME. RAVENA SHS DAILY: SURE TIPS
___°" races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
____ present and future :25c up.764 Howard st.
MM E. Ali £ D 7' BKST FORTUNE TELLER IN
JAX the world; 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
tnre of your future husband or wife. 7 - 24 Harrison.
AT ItS \,, B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED
■IVL medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
VI ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
i'l greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world; (seventh- daughter of seventh daughter:
ladies of gents 50c. 917 Market , parlors 3 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM. ™~
RsVsEAL."MEDiuM:"siTTINGS: TOBACCO
hsblt cured or no pay: obsessions cured; dls-
eases of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
GY PS Y . MEDITO— SITT I NOS DAILY (SUN-
VJ days Included); 25c. 946 Mission; liourslO to 9.
MPS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT"
i»l trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
HY P NOrTsNTTHrid ESMiTr ISM TAUGHT—
Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for phvsieians, stu-
dents of science or those interested in it's therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT CU d-
MlN's, Ph.G.. 927 Market St.. rm. 524. Hrs.9tol2
STOKAGK
A MERICAITT : UIt^NH^URK : 7^!rTn^
kett storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. . '■
11. ROONY. 722; MISSION —STORAGE AT
-reduced rates; basement storage, sl 50 perload
STORAGE OF FURNITURE,: PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO., 731 and 753 Market st.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON ■- BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
' ' Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
y . SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT,. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
■ ... - •• ... ■ ■ .
FUPTNITH* CHANUKS.
(J'JhO ROUTE; ESTABLISHED OVER
tyOv/v". years; has all cash customers; good
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $100
a month: can be easily doubled; mint sell at once:
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
1 wA LIGHT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAM
1 «Jc". people 2 years: cash trade: easil man-
aged; clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladles
or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be sold i
at once. STANLEY. 9 Geary st.
*OCA RESTAURANT, Noll ill OF MAR-
vr*J*J\f* ket: worth at least $500: receipts over
$17 daily; nicely fitted; expenses low. STAN-
LEY, 9 Geary st.
qToTwy RESTAURANT AT a GREAT BAB-
»y»~)UU gain: is in a fine location, doing a
sure trade. Address XXX.M , 765 Markt t.
_fiA PARTNER ' WANTED IN — FIRST-
»ir'_:UY/. class cash manufacturing busliess:
kept by present owner 12 years; Is highly genteel:
has the patronage of tiie best mercantile houses;
clears $20 to $-6 per wtek each; a trial allowed.
A pply X E.N NY 765 Market st.
RANCH BAKERIES FROM ... .fl 60 TO $500
' Coffee saioons fr0m....... $200 o $700
Restaurants from $250 10 $1000
Saloons from $125 to $2000
Cigar stores from $250 to $7.
Groceries and bars $200 to $30,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market s;.. orip ''if'h.
VTOTICE —TO SELL Y'uiyt j. _.■?..« ZSd
i-> promptly for cash. HEALY «t CO.. 23 Kearny.
(JlfQrtA DOWNTOWN COMMISSION-HOUSE
•_SOUU. doing a large business; fine chance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade Is
fully secured. HEALI A CO., 23 Kearny st.
<E;9XA PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON';
tjp_.ti\/. city front; will guarantee to. pay partner
$60 per month; not necessary to be barkeep- r, as
owner will teach him the business: fine chance for
steady man. HEALY' A CO., 23 Kearny st.
©I 'A PARTNER IN TEA. COFFEE AND
»4p L«JU. liquor route; clears to each $60 per
month- investigate. HEALV A CO.. 23 Kearny.
fi;77vf) AURA NT IN VI NTT OF 3
»y I yjyj. leading theaters; biz day and night
trade; receipts will justify investment of $1500.
Apply STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st.
•ft -J OS NEATEST, .BEST-PAYING RES-
<_) *JiiO. taurant n< rth of .Market st.: easily run;
average receipts $20; sickness. STENBERG A
CO., 632 Market st.
<Sit\')^ PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
tli.O—jO. 4 living-rooms; Western Addition: pres-
ent owner 2 years: receipts average $18: suitable
for man and wife. STENBERG A CO., 632 Market.
<S?9~AA ON ACCOUNT LARUE AND IN-
VP**yJyJ\.f. creasing business, young a erchant
wants partner in wholesale and retail fish and oys-
ter business; located in most popular and well-
known market in city; controls large first-class
trade: established 30 years: must have help;
clear $500 monthly; best of refer nces: full Inves-
tigation; fortune for some active man. STEN-
BERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
mo BUY. ELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
(ftQAi ) OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY AND
Km * coffee parlor across the bay; clears
$175 per month; 2 horses and wagons: good out-
side trade; or will take German as partner for
-450. See STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
0)«4RA — GROCERY AND BAR: ONE OF THE
•Ttr»JVf ■ best corners in the city: good business;
large stock; selling on account of oilier business-
reasonable rent. See STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
<% d » RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION;
<^x*J''. doing steady, profitable business;
handsomely fitted up; worth double: selling on
account of departure. STRA ND it CO., 45 Thirn st.
<Ji9nnn SALOON; HANDSOME PLACE;
~yiyryj. near Market St.; paving business;
full value: cheap rent. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
Q^A saloon - AND~ BOARDING-HOUSE
'— wV. near Mail dock: cheap rent: good place
for man and wife. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third st.
<a?97^ SALOON MEN. ATTENTION -
«iP— I". Saloon, No. 1 location; pays well; chean
rent. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
ft I ") : \ Paying COFFEE saloon; MUST
»_) 1 x*'J. be sold this day; north of Market St.; a
big bargain. JOHNSTON. 26 Va Kearny st.
BEST PAYING CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY
>t. JOHNSTON, 26V_ Kearny st.
<& 1 X A R ESTA VItA NT — HANDSOMELY'
t_) 100. fitted up; doing a large business: in
good location; selling out on account of sickness.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market street.
0'>".(l HANDSOME SALOON— BEST bu sf-
t^pfjfjyj. ness location in the city; the stock will
invoice the price asked: thorough investigation
allowed: immediate departure cause of selling.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market street.
)PL A PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
<£) —•'>/. bus ness: will pay $65 month to each.
CULVER & COLTON. 906 Market st.
t^ 1 'i j BRANCH BAKERY" CANDY-
*iV *■ tjyj. store; laundry office ;2 furnished rooms:
rent $14. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
<$* KKA SALOON, WITH 18 GOOD FURNlSH-
'pti'jyj. Ed rooms; rent $60; one block trom
Market St.; good paying place. Particulars 033
California st., Phoenix Ear.
(Q> I Kit PARTNER WANTED IN RESTAU-
».. !«'''. rant and coffee-honse; located close to
Market St.; doing good business. Call 533 Califor-
nia st., Phoenix Bar.
Cl "1 AA SAMPLE ROOM OS MARKET ST.,
«jJ'-_A_ , U. near Examiner office. Inquire 533
California st., Phoenix Bar.
C^Q^AA OYSTER-HOUSE AND REsTAU-
tiptJfjyjyj. rant; doing a business of $75 to $100
per day; must be sold a; once on account of other
business. BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 873y 2 Market
<£9AAA ELEGANTLY FITTED-UP RES-
tjj-OVO, taurant; best location in city; doing a
business of $70 per dey: full value in sight.
BUSINESS EXCHANGE', 8731 i. Market st.
] EXPERIENCED MINER WITH $10110 IN
— cash for interest in mine: worth Investigating.
Address Investment, box 69. Call Office.
FIRST-CLA SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
register: safe: private rooms; cause of sale,
sickness. 209 Ellis.
DA 1 PRODUCE STORE FOR SALE
cheap: good location: must sell; cause, de-
parture for Europe. Apply Call Office.
<{|?9^A STOCK |OF POULTRY RANCH ON
— '>yj. car line, near Fruitvale. 34 Donohoe
building.
$4) A WANTED — PARTNER IN OLD-
<JP— yJKJ. established corner saloon to tend the
bar: first-class location ; fixtures, pool-table, trade,
board and lodging included: $65 guaranteed a
month; must be a sober, earnest man; the owner
is an industrious lady. See owner at 1324 Mason.
©^(jAA FOR SALE; THE CONTROLLING
ijt'yjyj. interest iv a well equipped and pay-
Ing quartz mine now inactive operation in Amador
County. California: title perfect and full investiga-
tion allowed. Address Bonanza, box 98, Call
Office, San Francisco.
©9KA CO R N E R GROCERY' BAR; TRASS-
'JOtfUf. fer; .pleasant living rooms. Apply
Call Office. ~ ■ yJ
T? OR SALE-VERY CHEAP FOR CASH,
I steam laundry ; doing $300 per week. Address
M. L.. box 234. Call Office.
TAURANT AND BAKERY"; OWNER HAS
other business; can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
oj9(iA PARTNER, CASHIER IN COFFEE
<n)_jV)UF. saloon: can make $75 a month. Genu-
ine, box 85, Call Office.
ERRY-GO-ROUND FOR SALE — STEAM
power, nearly new; very large, for $1600, or
if 9oo for half Interest: cost $3500; investigate this
opportunity. <;. M. ROGERS, 631 South Main St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
<a»I9AA GROCERY AND BAR AND FlX-
ijp_.«-UU. tures, horse and wagon, including
outside cash trade: receints $25 a day: present
owner in other business. Inquire NABER, ALFS
& BRUNj-, 323 Market st.
TO" ANTED— AN ALL-AROUND LAUNDRY-
*» ' man who can buy a quarter or half Interest in
a steam laundry at Sonora, Tuolumne County, one
of: the best mining counties in the State; the
laundry is connected with the leading hotel of the
place. Tor further particulars,, address P. M.
KKEFFE, City Hotel, Sonora, Tuolumne County
Cal.
T, OR SALE— FRUIT AND VEGETABLE BUSI-
XJ ness store at 335 Sixth st.
A N"r ED-PA "WITH $10,000 TO IN-
*» vest in well established city business that is
clearing $500 to $800 per month. Address G. W.,
box 8, this office. :• :
<2^XJTA PAYING CORNER SALOON WILL
<JP«J\JV7. take sober man partner. 633 Howard.
9 "acres with $1900 ngte""to"~trade
A. RHEADE, Pulaski St.
WANTED— PARTNER IN CORNER SA-
» " loon to make himseif useful behind the bar and
look after the place; $200 capital required. Apply
1324 Mason street.
QT.7C/1 SALOON: CORNER SIDE EN-
«tplOl'. trance; clubrooms; doing good busi-
ness; fair stock: trial before buying. Particulars
with C. T. MARTIN, 6 Eddy st.; call bet. 12 and 1.
j .iM'.lli . ISAKIXti OVI'.R ONE BARREL A
•J day; all counter trade: bargain. Apply j
DREHER, room 40, Park House, cor. Twenty-
fourth and Mission sts. _^
ARE BARGAIN": PLUMBING SHOP, CEN-
trnlly located, for sale, cheap, on account 'of
owner leaving city; any reasonable offer consid-
ered. For particulars call at 35 Eddy st.
RANCH BAKERY. SUITABLE FOR DELl-
cacies and laundry office; cheap. 317 Va O'Far-
rell st. ■
Cj/IKA RESTAURANT —IN GOOD RUN-
~W~~If*J\J. nlng order; everything complete. In-
quire Call Office.
EST AURA NT— IN GOOD LOCATION AND
business; $200. Apply at Call Office.
SCAA WILL BUY EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
<jp lyjyj for the Pacific Coast for lOyears- busi-
ness established; good-selling article; fullest in-
vestigatlon solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call.
*ftXO CIGAR-STORE, WITH CLI_K.cK)M"
DOU . and laundry office. C, box 1 18, Call
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very _ood
Apply this office, principals only. y g00d -
$f)00 2 ,i FV/ 3 "? 85 NKW COBNEB HOUSE:
<pOUlf . all fun; low rent. 712 Kearny st.
STATIONERY, NOTION; TOY FANCY
k.l goods, candy, cigar and tobacco store for sale-
good location; no opposition: also take a reliable
man as partner with about $250: must
man. P. p., box 56. Call. P nk f,er *
UOR SALE-OLD ESTABLISHED GENERAL
 „ m „ ' cl iau<llse store in the HRn Joaquin ■ Valley;
$l-,000 stock; will sell at sacriflce: e_sy terms
LodLcil. S LOWELL, lock box Ml;
BUSTNKSS CHANCKS-«:ontlnn««l.
VmVr BALE-A FRENCH LIQUOIt-s-rORE ON
V one of the best corners on sixth sire I at as .c-
-riii,, inquire of K. ROBlNET,4liy California t.
TpoTTsALE-SIILK ROUTE: TRADE;
_ Apply 2824 Mission St. » _____
.T7IOB-.S SALE-SALOON : GOOD LOCATION;
r _rs__ ■;:;'■ •Mission -■.
LOU*.- >*.-• i «»li SALE.
_b A HOUSE OF BO BOOMS : RENT ONLY
,> / Ol). $50. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
OH ROOMS; SUNNY COR.: MUST SELL .£7OO
— U 10-room house; very central *•'"
14-room house, worth $1000: price 450
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market _
0 BOOMS: CLEARS $:'r, OVER RENT: ALL
>' othces. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
7"j ROOM HOUSE. CLEARING «100 r PER
Utt month; price $700: trim given. _cc DECK-
ER, 020 Market at.
01 ROOMS: HOUSE ON MIS-lON ST.; PRICE
_.! $1000. Di-.CKER. 1020 Market St."
(ft. <7- A -BEAT BABGAIN ON A COUNT OF
> i OU. sickness: lodging-house 36 rooms; near
transfer car. HEAL\ A Ct_ _ Kearny st.
T"oD<7INO-HOUSKS FOR SAL* ALL THE
J J tin..-. CUJL.VEB & COLTON, 906 Market sL_
I /t-ItOOM HOUSE. NEWLY Hit.MSlll.D;
J U will sacrifice, cheap. 202 V« Turk st.
ff..)xn ■NiCELY r ~i- ; URN ISHED HOUSE IOF
y7_.«.)U. 10 rooms; near Marke st. BUSINESS
EXCHANGE, B__a Market St.
tyfo BUY OR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE
1 quick for cash see PL'S STRAND 45 Third st.
/CORNER HOUSE: 11 BOOMS; WELL FUR-
\J nlshed; price $250. STRAND. 46 Third st.
QAQ FOURTH— NEW HOUSE: WELL LIGHT;
Ol'Oed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI, 317 Washington st.
1 A A ON AC COUNT OTHER BU INESS:
tfc 1 \jyJ. 45 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
$500 cash, balance installments. 115 second si.
i-'uitNi i ■_.;»•: K»>" SAL.JS.
SALE— SUNNY. BAY-WINDOW 7-BOOM
Jr flat; well furnished. Apply 112 Golden Gateave.
Trooms FURNITURE. NEW .j«75
'I Bedlounges trimmed with plush J 3 ™
Brussels Carpet, laid 4jc up
English Linoleum, laid 4CC up
Window shad' In 5 colors -' ,c up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no brancn stores.
ONE MORI. CUT— m _. , „_.
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. Fro "ll .V."
Oak Bed Sets $17 ''° Lln
Oilcloths and Linoleums SOC np
stoves and Ranges _ up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cnsh or time pnvni. nts. J- NoON AN.
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
T/'OR SALE— THE FURNITURE OF 7-BOOM
J: house: rooms all occupied. 214 Ellis st.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding: new folding-beds. .-'9 and up: step-. ad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exehged. 779 Mission St.
T> EDUCTIONS ON i.ari.;-. »tock! NEW AND*
ii. second-hand: 400 carpet* pood as new, oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits. $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
plcce chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25c;
ranges, $6: rash or Installments; goods shlppel
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St. .
FURNITURE WANTED
MA LONE" PAYS- 20MPEB^ CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furnitnre to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
CiA^H PRICE PAID FOR FURNI CURE JA-
) COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. At M A Stn.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST I'RICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
—^^ — .— — — ___. mmmmm^mt
CARPI- 1* C „ ; . AN i.Vtl.
C~Tty^teamcari^t^l^^ IMLBKM i V \-
ting, 3fe Blh. STEVENS, mgr. Tel, South 250.
CARPETS CLEANED AN RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7L
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RE
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
RATIONAL "CAR BEAT AND RENO-
XA vating Works HAM PTONA-BA ILLY-, laying
nnd altering. 313-315 (inerrero: Tel. Mission 21 L
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPa CLDING'S PloneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: lei. So-40.
( IONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa. iii
\ I <>old"n tiate av<-. ■ telephone I'M' 126.
HORSES.
FINE SOUND HORSE; ILAIIN^sTaT^IC^T
new; light delivery-wagon; cheap. 239 Fif-
teenth St.. near Mission.
TTIOR SALE CHEAP— HORSE AND WAGON
XJ with license to peddle: good route. Apply 72
Jessie st. .
"I ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
Land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market s_
1 r\f\ SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HarT
X fjyj ness: all kinds; wazons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
HORSES PASTURED: $2 A MONTH GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hr-ia
ranch, 630 Commercial st. ~J--^fi
DR. Cl H. w estpha'l, veterinary sun.'
geon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hail aye.: telephone south 40 1.
Ari HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO wagon ■»
"" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Uorss
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wer»_e*-
Cay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"I AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
Xyjyj kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia st*.
FOR SALK— LAN LOUS.
<J_9^n SLOOP Y'AUlTTr~llx27. APPLY
HCxjUyj. 1548 Park st., Alameda.
I "(OR SALE— A~CJO(>b" INCUBATOR FOR 600
eggs; cheap. 1113 Nebraska st.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
89X HANDSOME NEW HOME SEWING
'T —O. machine: equal to new: 7 drawers: at-
_____ complete cause.going East. 801 Union.
W-EW INCUBATOR, 120 EGGS, $12""5ol
xl Brown Leghorn hens and Guinea fowls, Sl
each. Address 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
BOYS' AND GIRLS' NEW $25 BICYCLES
for $10 each. Vf., box 48. this office.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES^
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE S-ZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
LTELLOWB ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP"
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st!
'TOO SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
tjyjyj and prices fiom 25c i»er yard un J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
f^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETT
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
\TE\V RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-"
-l> hand. W. S. RAY" Mfg Co., 12 California sc
(A OUN T E RS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES*
* bought and gold 1121 V, Market be-.. 7thand.ta
fcUiC.iTIOSAL.
M" V ~R^MELVnX!r^NVDI?Rr^^
IVL Sutterst.; teacher vocal music (Italian meth-
od), pi mo and elocution; dramatic elocution a spe-
cialty; vocal and Shakespearean classes.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-"
X ing, shorthand, etc. Shield's College. 723 Market.
■L- BENCH, SPANISH, ETC. PROF. DE Fll^
X IPPE'S Academy Languages. 320 Post ; es. 187 1
O TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVErT
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evenlna
■ classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
A SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XX Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. It. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7tli and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL,. CIVIL! UIN ING,
cbanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR. CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary ire.isonabla
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell 36
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write fur catalogue.
V IGHT SCHOOL; S EALD'S BUS. .LLEi.E-.2l
-' Post : commercial, shorthand. English; low ra^ei
VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; RfcA-
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 104 si._. Valencia.
/ iHEMISTRY A.ND ASSAYING, CUNNING^
VJ ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
piANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
■- simple music taught; accompanists taught:
lessons SOc. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
rOSRPH GREVEN VOICE i IMPROVER. 82
O 'nth st.
"XI ISS BOLTED SCHOOL. 2297 SACRA-
T»l men to- Board. English, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement; coach:
"Fi X . '!.* H ' L ATIN. MATHEMATICS, F.NG-
-,, . 'J* 6 , literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
184 O'Farrell st. '
L^ L( )CrflON-T)BAJITr"DELSARTK. PHYSI.
_^( ? ii- culll,re - voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
llili-il-'.li It. -M.l 11v.i.-,;.; c.dl after 1 i-. m.
ATTOK.VEIB-AT-LAW.
A DVICE FBEE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
xx. alty: private; no charge unless cessfni; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-Uw. Sou Market.
riVJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR \ V
X . law: advice frt-e. •_'.; sixth -at., rooms 14, 15.
WAV. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LA-VvSaO
♦ California at.._ rihs. 14-16: advice free.
bicycles.
INDSOR' BICYCLES: STRICTLY H\< IH
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A CO., A 24 Post St., .-^ F. :
FAR CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET~
best accommodation*. Terminus Gsarr. tmmi
▲Ulster and Powell car lines.HOTI9BS TO LKT.
<IO '; - OF 8 rtOOMB:VBATH:
•-'-■•■ large yard. 1017 Twemy-llrst st.
''II _ X , AR V-HOGSK OF 11 ROOMS AND
— xx bath; rent reasonable; key at "17y..
9A cook - s3iooAT~"HousiTr basement
*■ ' Vi and large yard.
<*-l*> ~,(\ iTn^Si': - -.;-; BATH; mod-
>_.___l_^_^'__n.__l723Clay, near Van Ness aye.
(TJ HEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY; B BOOMS;
"y bath; modern, $20. 534 L. Valencia st., i «i
Seventeenth. .-
-1 lOUSE OF 7 BOOMS BASEMENT. 17
AJ-'' Linden aye., near Y'an Ness.
I OHO -, l Is tlON-SVNNY~SIDE DAY-WlN-
a you dow honse of 10 rooms.
QOA 8 BOOMS* M« CONVENIENCES;
_____ fine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
7 I sio D ?3 SIUI ' LI:V ST. --4 A.M. 6 ROOMS;
Vis K^vFNTH""A^ r TI7COR R. B. AYE.;
Jc ... ' 10 rooms. barn and stable. NICOL, 634 L.,
t alifornia st.
LiABY HAPP^i : MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
' *"«nt« > nted: house rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery a •
I I IN ■ 1.11 HOUSES.
OUNNY UPPER FLAT j I FOP R' NEWLY l-'LR-
>^ nistied rooms: cheap. y'Ty ..enry st., rear.
COTTAGES TO II ■'. _
979 Q BRYANT* ~"\ r E?.''' V TrEl\ TWENTY*
— 1 — O tilth and Twenty-sixth Cottage 7
rooms an i bath: large basement, garden, yard and
stable; all In 1 feci order: rent low "to right
party. Apply to G. H. IBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery St.
■s'l) COTTAGE. 3 BOOMS, ON PROSPECT
<jj yJ. aye. ___!_» 75 California aye., or. Mission.
pOTf AGE-4 SUNNV*Rf)OMs: BASEMENT;
-*S?iJ" anl; "-"lilcken-liouse: water ire.-: rent
f 10. 31 Harper St., south of Thirtieth. 1% blocks
from Twenty-ninth st. electric-cars.
rPO LET-COZY'~OTTAGE in" SAUSALITO-
x good location: fine view; large flower garden :
6 rooms: rent reasonable, WILL E. FISHER A
t (-'., 14 Post St.
(N,UNN V BAY- WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT OF
* *> large rooms and bath. 510 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
V LEG A . . , 1 rAGK; 438 SEVENTH ST.; 5
J- rooms: bath, gas, basement, vsrd: «20- line
cottage. 4 rooms, etc., 51650. B*9 Harrison st.
FLATS TO LLi.
V. NY - ■ 'Cl TYHA' L: E I JRGANT
x. flat of tive rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
< I Q NEW MODERN SUNNY FLA i OF 6
— Ay__Z_l!P ' bath. 188 San Jose aye ,nr. 24ti-..
—I -) OCTA VIA. NEAR McA LLISTEB -
1 a _ lovely flat; 7 rooms, bath; latest niprove-
nients; brick basement.
VI OSI  DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 1 LOOMS,
,',.*■', bath ana all modern improvements;
IbAb Bush at.; rem $30, MADISON <_ BURKE,
apents.
I IJWEBST ER-3 NICE FLATS, 5 R.. BATH,
x x 4 r., bath, 3 r.; rent cheap to good tenants.
j>ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
xx contented; flat rented from BALDWIN A.
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
T-LATS TO SUIT— BBS! PART OF CITY;
J .convenient, economical; Sacramento st.,
below Mason . sunny. Apply 320 Sansome St., rm.4.
.'i-Ki FINE FLAT; - ROOMS; LARGE*
y yard ; low rent. 2510 Mission: key next door.
\ FINE FLAT OP SIX BOOMS AND BATH;
xa, 10 V_ Louisa st.. near Fourth; rent $14; water
free; one month's rent free to good tenant. SHAlN-
_____ BUCKBEE & CO., - 1» Montgomery st.
•)/(•)- BAK ERST., BET. WASHINGTON AND
~-yJO I < ay— Elegant new modern very sunny
rlat; next to a large vacant lot; 5 rooms and bath;
very choice neiahborhood; .* car lines: $27 50.
WILL K. FISH A CO., 14 Post st.
"oil UPPER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS,
CIT. cor. Twenty-third and Castro sts.;
also 6-room flats, cor. Fifteenth anT No- sts. ; new
!aud modern. \ V - \vTni " S; 6 AND 8
» ) NEW.. BAY* - WINDOW* FLATS; .5 - AND . 3
— rooms; bath; -'. - and $13. 909 Folsom .-:., nr.
Filth.
O ROOMS AND BATH. . 409^. THIRTEENTH
O st., above Y'aler.cia.
V*"nimiWEST COIL EIGHTEENTH ST. AND
_> Clara aye.: sunny upper flat. 6 rms: bath: 920.
iJI'NNY" FLAT, .3 ROOMS: YARD; WATER
0 tr-e; rent*l2. 356 Third st.
\i LARGE ROOMS
> and hath: all latest improvements. 713 Grove st
L'mTaT, 6 1 OOM~s, HEALTHY LOCATION,
1 ?14: cottage. 4 rooms, yard, $11. 629 Second
?;., near i-.ranuan.
q"t~7 : VT, 1207 a BU>H: 6 ROOMS, BATH,
'Jl ' • gas, bay-windows. Apply 121 1 Bush st.
],' LEGANT*NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
-- low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 9$ to $16.
IXT -.1 MISSION NEAR ELEVENTH— 6
I •»! '_2 sunny, papered rooms: bath; laundry ;
very ■ 1. -a;.. ;
£• I - , FLAT 5 KOOMS, 716 TEHAMA ST., NR.
'?!-• Eighth: sunny,
T "LAI OF 5 SI'NNYI'.UOJIS, BATTL 1613
A Folsom st.. near Twelfth.
£• || SUNNY FLAT. MINNA ST. ""
T^ORNEITTWELFrH AND HOWARD STS.— 2
\J sunny bay-window £_ts, 7 and 5 rooms, and
bath. No. 1555.
QIO SUNN Y FLAT. 5 ROOMS. BATH. 23
f_i it. Birch aye., oft' Lark. hi., bet. Grove and
Fulton.
OUNNY }'. WINDOW FLAT; 1704 WABH-
O mc.on, near Tolk; _ rooms and bathroom; rent
$27 50.
<->7 "'j ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
•_ — * ••-'U'. large sunuy rooms and bath. 2219
Suiter st.
>_ 1• > AND $14—1124 AN DIIIOSTEVENB ,
0 X _> near Herman; nice flats; cheap rent.
A Y'- WINDOW FLAT; 1826 1 I. NIL POLK;
1> 7 rooms and bathroom; rent $25.
S I 5 MODERN, SUNNY. UPPER, CORNER
V? 1 <-'. lint : '■ rooms: hath: stable. 1232 ISO, si.
HOIM.hITITN.. ROOMS.
Bush Street.
COS BUSH— 2 FUBNISHED, BUNNY ROOMS
IT_.»T for housekeeping; rent moderate. • yr*
California Street.
9-01 CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANT FUR-
*-«J»JJ- rushed rooms and bath; cheap.
Clara Street.
J A CLARA— 3 OR 4 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
" v keeping: furnished or unfurnished.
l_(l«ly Street.
91 Q EDDY'— 2 ROOMS FOP. HOUSEKEEP-
_ILO ing; rent very reasonable: private place.
Al 7 EDDY— 2 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
•Mi nished housekeeping rooms; private family.
Kills Street.
—AQ ELLIS— 2 FURNISHED CONNECTING
< 1" .'( ' ims for housekeeping; large yard.
r?i)f\ ELLIS— B SUN NY BACK ROOMS, PART-
I *." " ly furnished for house_ecping; reasonable.
7*"- ELLIS— NICELY' FURNISHED FRONT
1 •)>> room with kitchen, bath; modern flat.
Fifth Street. ~
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
• >— .— housekeeping; rent $9.
>"llli_ior« Street.
99"! 9 FILLMORE, NEAR CLAY-3 SUNNY
__. J — . rooms to small family, $11.
991 41 FILLMORE— SUNNY FURNISHED
— -.-I Xi rooms, with dining-room and kitchen if
desired ; reasonable.
Fourth -street.
Qfi7 FOURTH— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
•J''i front rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap.
Ucary si eet.
AC\A GEARY'— 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
"I*"'i keeping rooms: sunny; $13.
Glen Park Avenue.
- GLEN PARK AVE.,' OFF TWELFTH AND
0 Mission— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
Howard street.
1 1 9Q A HOWARD-FINE SUNNY' SUITE OF
1 JL^O front rooms: Furnished complete for light
housekeeping: c tgmot antique oatc folding-bed;
new Brussels carpet: cook stove; bed-lounge; large
cio_et: $13 per month; In an American family:
none but sober, qait-t people need apply.
Larkin Street.
IQQLABKIM — neat BAY-WINDOW
TOO housekeeping rooms; hot water: reasonable.
Leavenworth street.
" 9AQ LEA YEN WORTH— TWO SUNNY' CON-
-.'-'O necting rooms, with use of kitchen; $14.
McAllinter StTeot.
'.> in MCALLISTER— FURNISHED
'ix ' room for housekeeping. -
•■ 1 _ MCALLISTER >T.-3 SUNNY UNFUB-
•■' ■ nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
OP arrell street.
-C9O O'FABBELL--FOUB NICE ROOMS FOR
, — ' ' housekeeping; call 9to 12. '
Seventh street.
1 J9 SEVENTH -LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
j t_- rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
a do. tor.
South Park.
1 fl 5° CTn PARK-8 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-n- it eeping roomg; $10; also nnrurnlshed. .
TJnrte«rTrh~st^^rt^
j(| ( - • T Hi TEENTH-2 NKi.-.V FURNISH-
X _______ 1 complete for keeping; $12.
Twenty-sixth M.teL '^~~~
"J 1 -I TWENTY-SIX ITT. NEAR MISSION-
HOUSEKEEPING _____ __________
"Washington Street.
191 0 WASHINGTON, NEAR TAYLOR— 3
J.-, aw or 4 uninrnished rooms for housekeeping.
"Welsh Street.
"1 "I A WELSH. OFF ' FOURTH-4 NICELY'
xx. 1 furnished housekeeping moms; yard; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
liraunan Street.
499 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
____ Of stove; $1 per week.
California Street.
I JOl CALIFORNIA — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
-"-T-"-'^* rooms and kitchen with gas, bath, stove,
running water: $15.
Devisadero street.
100° DEVISADERO, COB. GOLDEN GATE
L VfITO aye.— Furnished sunny rooms for invalid,
or single gentlemen.
Eddy Street.
9Q EDDY, OPP. TIY'OLI - FURNISHED
•~yJ suite; also double and single rooms; gas.
liO EDDY'— GROUND FLOOR FRONT SUITE
XX cheap; other rooms, *5 up.
Light li street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., net,,- Market ; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
hflQ ELLIS-SINGLE FRONT ROOM FOR
____ gentleman, 96; large one, $8; private family.
l-'ulton Street.
m FULTON— LARGE DOUBLE SUNNY'
TIU room; housekeeping If desired $7.
Oeary Street.
91 7 GEARY* - SINGLE UNFURNISHED
—1 I room: rent reasonable; key 217 1_, rear.
X] Q PEARY— SUNNY* FURNISHED ROOMS;
tJLO double and single; suitable tors' offices;
reasonable. •
f'AO GEARY'— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
UUO with 3 large bay-windows, suitable for den-
tist.
CA 1 GEARY' — ELEGANT BAY- WIN DOW
OU L room; mantel; 2 closets: new corner flat. .
"1 T A l" GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE., THE
TlUl Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if d sired.
Golden Gate Avenue.
09 A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
___ suite: hot cud cold water; single reasonable.
nOne GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUN-
--.'' ny front room; rent $6.
1 0(\~\ GOLD] GATE AYM-.-FIHST FLOOR
__-IT«J of house; 3 rooms and washroom; base-
ment and garden.
- . Cough S reet.
1 (il 1 GOUGH -NIC XL V FURNISHED
LULL sunny bay-window alcove room; $12.
•■ Howard Street*
70 t HOWARD, CORNER THIRD —FINE
* "- front rooms; firs; door; quiet house.
Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—V I management: elegant sunny suites ___
single; newly furnished ; bath, etc. ; $10 to _:-(0. .
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY*— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
:n every respect: terms reasonable.
Langton Street.
< I f".A NICELY* FURNISHED. LARGE
».. t.ijyj. front room, with German family.
___ Langton. ■
Larkin Street.
J9Q LARKIN- NICELY FURNISHED
—yJ suites: single; running water; bath; gas. |
Market Street.
"yOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
_- Sixth and Seventh— Single and. suites: per
night. 35c to $1 -. week. $1 50 to $5: families
n.). MARKET— NICELY FU I NIS E D
_._ suite: also single rooms.
T_r*-> 1 MARKET— SUNNY BOOM SU TABLE
L*x«J.L for 2: home comfons; running water; $12.
Mas ont reet.
8 MASON, COR. MARKET— ELEG ANT SUNNY'
suite fronting on Market St.; suitable for doc-
tors; also single rooms; all conveniences.
1 (\t- ; MASON— ELE ANT FURNISHED SUN-
X\JU ny front rooms: also for light housekeeping.
Minna street. —
A r 4 MINNA— NICE FURNISHED DOUBLE
jXyJ~t front room: separate entrance; gent pre-
ferred.
(il\~7 MINNA;. EIGHTH— NEWLY" FUR-
yj\> I nished bay-window rooms; 9 1 a week;
transient. - 1
Mission street.
'"Tftl MISSION, NR. SECOND-FRONT BOOM
_Ui and kitchen furnished for housekeeping. ;
EUROPE HOUSE, 119 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Fine Street.
(»9"1 PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN, $6
_— X up; running water: quiet,
Post, Street.
9AT POST-PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
, I ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
Kausch Street.
"1 /*> RAUSCH ST., NEAR HOWARD-3 NICE
-LU unfurnished rooms: large yard; cheap rent.
Seventh Street.
100 S E V E T 11- FURNISHED FRONT
X fJO sunny rooms adjoining housekeeping ;cbeap.
"I Oft SEVENTH— 2 "'"LARGE BOOMS, PUTS
XfJKJ nished complete for housekeeping: yard.
Sixth Street.
] AO SIXTH— NICELY' FURNISHED SUNNY
LUO rooms, suite or single; $1 26 up. per week.
] 9 SIXTH— NICE SINGLE BOOMS ; CBLEAP-
■L.- I est in the city.
Stevenson Street.
_Aq STEVENSON. COR. FIFTn— 2 ROOMS,
T"d furnisned complete for housekeeping.
Sutter street.
O9AI SUTTER— ALWAYS SECURE IN PER-
yJx.xJ'i son and property and rooms sweet and
neat, says the leading hatter of San Francisco:
rooms nt Shasta rooming-house, price 52 60 per
week, formerly $5.
Taylor Street.
1 08 TAY'LOR— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
X UO suitable tor one or two gentlemen.
AAA TAY'LOR - SUNNY UNFURNISHED
yjyJyJ bay-window room; grate; gas; board.'
Third Street. ,
KOSTER HOUSE, COB. THIRD AND HOW-
ard— Furnished rooms, single and suites; $8
and if 16 up.
TV" INCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRO, NEAR
" Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading Pm; free bus.
DOT THIRD-TWO UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
«->- keeping rooms: waterfree; 96.
Miscellaneous.
HANDSOME ROOM, WITH GAS, SUITABLE
tor 2 gents; near. City Hall; breakfast given
and underwear laundered; $10 per month. H.,
bOS 46. Call Ollice. - -
E0A1.11.,\(. A.M» LOOM*.
_7^4~10tt7T c wo'bloc^
'i''r Sunny rooms with board.
1 -199 HYDE — LARGE SUNNY' ROOMS;
X~Xi. X. marine view; board for 2; $40 and $50.
OTEI7BEP.TLING . 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em conveniences.
C_"ILI>KKN llOAKDKI).
WOULD LlSrToirA^ET?m^7nil^l*EN
to board; nice home; mother's care; best of
reference, 1205 Laguna st.
HI REN OR INFANT TO BOARD; TERMS
reasonable. Apply 1612% Lexington st.
LADY WISHES CHILDREN TO BOARDTSB
month; mother's care. 603 Twenty-second st.
NO L 1 - : 1 WIDOW WISHES 3 CHILDREN
J_ to board; furnished room for parent. 47%
Gilbert St.
GJOOO" HOME FOB INFANT; TERMS MOD-
r crate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
I ADY IN COUNTRY* WISHES "f(JB_ SMALL
XJ children to board; good home; . reasonable.
Apply at Coll < Bice.
\' I USE WISHES 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO
1> board: $10 month. 8819 sixteenth st.
STOli S TO LET. .
TORE AND THREE LIVING R00M5?~953
F'olsom St., near Sixth. "
QTQBE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
Q Seventh st.
.OFFICES TO lp;t. .
ELEGANT OFFICE SOB Fro^sslonal
XJJ man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton; first floor. ■
VLEGANT OFFICES IN NEW BFPBCKBLS
.l_ building, 925 Market: rents low; -no extra
charge for gas, janitor cervices or healing. Apply
»i building orO. H. UMBSEN A: CO.. It Montg. St.
KUILIIING ANO LOAN "ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS,
sociation— Home office, 222 1 Sansome st., S F,
General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pre.
Ciivw Lidndge V.Pr.; VV Corbin, _fee.& _«____«
" THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
PERSONALS.
W^^3-'l? D D nRESSF.S'~OF~M ARY r T~DE'-
,' .£'-> ,»J?«" -JENNIE R. HARTZELu. H. Vf.,
box _, I all OlHce, Oakland.
"I .°V DANCING-SCHOOL, 62 » BUSH ST.;
XJ ballroom or stage, daily; Tuesday and Thurs-
day evenings. ■
KE -PECTABLE YOUNG . LADY WISHES
roommate. R. '.box 76, Call. " "
Wif - OIV r PRIVATE LESSONS ON THE
" bicycle to ladies or gentlemen on your own
bicycle. A. P., box 76, Call. "
TJ EMO\'AL-,DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
xv, p_ arrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
Ny i os i ■: NECESSARY ADJUNCTS TO a
-T^SSfi"*", 8 t, 0 ' 14 1 ' switches, may be had -t G. LED-
I-.UERS hair dressing narlors. 11l Stockton at.,
at reduced rates no.v;. 7,.c and $1 will buy the
best; artistic hair dressing reduced to 25c.
PHYSICIAN WANTS .TO travel with
■x patent medicine or other business. P., box 14.
Call, ,
VjRS. DR. NETA BRUNDAGE, CHIROPO-
A»- dist; lost vitality restored. Office 11, 5L_
Kearny st. " . .
V l l l ■: E— Bo- PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
x and Defective," postpaid. I* KUTTNEK A CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market st., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
\ 1 KS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY" DOCTOR; HAS
i'A taken offices at 330 Ellis st.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty. ...
PROFESSIONAL LADY'S NURSE— MRS. Mc-
- CARTHY; city or country. 2520 Sutter st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
xx cialty; private: no charxe unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
TV I BS- M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OP
xi i. Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout h'gu es.
soie agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude bahv outfits: great reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
/ IHEAPEBT AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
/for paper-hanging. and painting. Co-operativa
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
TTGY'PTIAN HENNA: $1: HAIR~"i>YE; PER-
A- fectly harmless: easily applied: all druggists.
LANGLEY A MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
C*"l FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS*
yJtX capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
A ddressei> - TO THOSE who want to
-•-V become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
?a per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HQFER. 1706 Clay St., S. F.
rp L PHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
-L Polk, soils high-grade chicken tamales and oya-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 p. m.
LOR FINE POULTRY AND OAME GO TO A
X STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
Aland Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton.R. L.Partington. Particulars 421 Pine st
DR. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED l'HY-
sician, has removed fm S Mason to 1508 .Market
HENRY 7 "" FSCH MI PLUMBER AND
-LL gastitter; gas fixtures lowest price. • 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutler 471. ,
A HTnT .I.i > i ■ -A ' [ 1 ( I . sTIA DO W I NO . TR A
cinc.collecting.G BAH AM'S agpey, Mrkt.r.B.
jl-AAn BUSINESS n CARDS] $1 f«-: T'ELE-
xyjyjyj phone "Black 141." HlLL. '.2 Geary, r.39
I .•( .Uiuil'lN'S ASTHMATIC - PAI'ER;
LI Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or r.'ii-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye, and Sutterst.
C] a BOOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
'i? I floor. 306 Leavenworth st.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
(v showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10--3 -Mis- st., above -ixth.
ELBCTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
J Chester House. 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to *dper
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
11BET.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry. etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st,, near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome ot.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADLE:.
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
DUES_._IAK.EK_.
GEARY ST.— STY I ISH 81LK WAISTS,
— l goods! nrnlshed, 94 50 up: latest dress's 9 5.
PIANOS. I lOLi.NS, ETC.
QTEINWAY. 16fi . \\-j;!;KR,"«i-Jt;(ir"sM \i.i.
* upright, $80; other bargains. . BRUENN, 238
Post.
fir All BARGAIN: FINE PIANO; GOOD
•_ t\*. condition. SCHMiTZ, 16 McAllister st.l
next Hibernia Bank.
SO II ER PIANO, ALMOST NEW, CHEAP!
j Apply 134 Erie st., below Howard.
AM MUST SELL >ii INAA-AY AND OF-
lifers it *' an exceedingly low price. Apply at
809 Market St., room 21.
CHOICE CHICKERING SACP.IFCED BY
party.leaving the city. 809 Market st., room ill.
(^ I r">A ELEGANT NEW UPBIGIIt"pianO~;
•_ I *J* ' . splendid tone; warranted. 115 Seventh.
OK SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT PROM 675
-« «!>; good instruments, ail of them: small in-
stallments. A. L. BANCBOFT & CO., 324 Post
St., San Francisco.
HAINES BBOS. PIANO; WITHOUT a SCPE-
. rior; we invite comparison; prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st. S. F.
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS.-1 CHEAP FOR
— V cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
COM"E IN AND HEAR"" THE LATEST
V> novelty- the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order: call and see it
beautiful effect. J. T. BOVVERS A SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth st., nr. cor. Market.
UPRIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
*-■ only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
0(i/k CHICKERING ROSEWOOD PIANO;
yjpQyJ. coat $500; $5 installmts. 22l Leavenworth
AMAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
a' on.-.- 1623 Buchanan.
A SHAW, $425: 2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195":
Sommer, $-37; squares, $25, $55: rents *2
up, allowed on purchase, HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
I>IANOS ~ :
X. Hazelton, Ilemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
9 A i\(U\* '■'• MUSICT CT. COPY. STAT-
—yj.yjyjyj ______£___ 106 .McAllister st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP. (HEAP PIANOS
r good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
HA I BROS. PIANO. PATTi'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCBOTT it CO., 324 Post St.
CONOVEB PIANO; "as" GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The F. \f. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
CUD KERING, RNABE.SI BCK, VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our piano for 187: pianos
ior rent. BENJ. (IT: I a/. _ SON, 16 O'Farrell.
UrM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1, first lloor: take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
As our NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great .success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO-
corner Kearny and Sutter sis.
<it I 7p\ cash OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
yp X. I O. upright perfect order. 1019 Y'an Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEIN W AY, FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms.. KOHLER A
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS;_Lo\V PRICES. KOHLER *
CHASE.
YBON MAUZY', 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby _ Evans, Rrlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS^ ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY', $215; WEBER, SOMER,
*_■ $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
a brived^Tlot OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
J~\ grade p. L. Neumann piauos for the holidavs-
prices and terms moderate. • H. LUEDEBS, 82
Ninth st. .
PEN FOR BUSINESS. ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in Kan Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
v_- 929 Market st.. Spreekels building.
DENTISTS.
GET OF TEE^ITu i7HtTUTXpL_LTi_^^
O G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. ,
DR. .GEORGE W. LEEK. TH* GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farreli su
"pAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience, R. L. WALSH, D.U.S., 815% Geary.
I iIL H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BP.IDG&
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRaNZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
. crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a speciuity. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
Cm !•; DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
/ ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only rell-
ableagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c. with gasifil.
$<- A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<p I good as can be made; filling 81. DR. SIMMS,
demist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DB. LUDLUM*" HlXij, 1443 MARKET ST '
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new:
teeth irom $8 per set; extracting 6<lc: gas given. '
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-"
X J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings:" Sundays till noon.
A"ll""WORK REASONABLE AND WAfr
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
-_—---___-___
TO EXCHANGE.
Good renHs?g~oaiclan^^nd^erke'
VJ ley property to exchange for 1 land or ranches.
J. H. KDSON, _ 08 Broadway, Ga_l_cL •
CITY KKAL _ ESTATE.
/"T H. UMBSEN <fc CO
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.. -
14 Montgomery st.. near MarkeL
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
V»rts of the city. , :-,; '.'yVr
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
C_ft9e".A PACIFIC HEIGHTS— A BEAUTI-
y\TKjx.O\Jf fui East lake cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: conservatory, laundry, etc. ; all modern im-
provements and conveniences; lot 27:6x127:8V_;
Washington st.
<ft "I Ci AAA BUSINESS CORNER ON PINE
«iP-LU.UUU. St.; store and several rooms and
22 rooms above; lot 30x87:6: rent $150.
fl_<N/A7;r ANOTHER LOVELY BAY-WIN-
«FOu I «J. dow cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements and conveniences; lot
26:8x114; Jersey st.
ft 1 7 frnn BENT 91488 PER ANNUM;
«jp 1 I .xjyjyj . Hayes-st. business property; store
and 4 fiats: lot 27:6x120: 2 frontages.
© COAA FILLMORE-STREET INVEST-
~pU__UU< ment; 2 houses; lot 48x81:8: rent
$534 per annum. _ .-- .
$_ A kAH STEINER-STREET INVEST-
<Ip*i«-)UU. ment; - flats and house; rent $42
per month; lot 27:6x110; street accepted by the
city. ■ y- yy
<ft7AAA GOOD INVESTMENT; RENT $70
tip I yJyJU. per month; 2 houses and lot; Vailejo
St., near Powell. _____
<ftl9 00A OAK ST. AND HICKORY
tJpL*_.UUU. aye.; 4 flats: bay-windows; brick
foundation; lot 27:6x120.
•ft 7ooo RENT $66; PER MONTH; 2 ELE-
rP i UUU. gant new modern park flats; 6, « and
5 rooms and bath each; Page street, lot 25x95.
q-'-.r-.00 pleasant HOME ON noe ST.;
yJrOOyjyJ. Targe lot; nice two-story bay-window'
residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick foundation
etc.; lot 30x16y conservatory; 'short distance
irom Market st. ; > _
<ft<l7^o FULTON ST.; COZY BAY-WIN-
<IP X I O\J. dow cottage of 6 rooms and bath-
brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x137:6. *
<ft^^OO PARK FLATS; 2 NEW BAY- WlN-
yjpyjfjyjyj . dow flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x137:6; rents 43.
©QftOn BENT $40 PER MONTH; COR.
fjpOyjyjyJ. on Sanchez st.; 4 flats; a bargain;
lot 26:6x105; positively must.be sold; only a
small amount ci cash required. y\ *
G. H. UMBSEN A- CO., 14 Montgomery sl
O'FARRKLL & CO.,
REAL EST A IE AGENTS, HOUSEBROKERS
AND AUCTIONS ERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
C»1 Z. 000 TAYLOR ST..SHORT DISTANCE
<"pLt".UUU. from Market; tine location for doc-
tor;- 2-story house; 8 rooms and bath; lot alone
worth the money asked.
Gil £0 VKH FOOT; WORTH $200 PER FOOT:
iipx yiyf Harrison st. north, bet. sth and 6;h; will
be sold in sizes to suit; 200 feet front.
S9OOO PACIFIC ST., NR. LARKIN; BUSI-
OUUU. ness property; 26 feet front; rents
$24 per month.
CjO-,"*,/! RIGHT AT TRANSFER POINT,
'v — I OV. between Sutro electric-road and Sut-
ter-st. road; large lot suitable for busiuess; belter
than corner lot.
Q^OOO A SACRIFICE; WEBSTER ST,:
tJitJUUU. Pacilic Heights; first-class nearly
new residence of 8 rooms and bath; worth $8000;
offered at this low figure to make an immediate
sale.
QQOOO INVESTMENT CLOSE IN TOWN;
f^Oy.fyjyj. 2 fronts; can be leased to responsible
tenant at 7^_ per cent net above repairs and water
rale; lot alone worth the money.
* 1 £00 BERNARD ST., BET. JONES AND
1 UUU. Leavenworth, Pacific and Broadway;
street paved and accepted; 2-story house suitable
for 1 or 2 families; rent $20.
TO THE HOME-SEEKER.
Our beautiful subdivision being practically sold,
we take pleasure in stating that we have secured'
an additional twenty lots in the Immediate vicin-
ity, which we will sell on the same terms and prices
that made the original tract (of which we have
sold nearly 200 lota) SO popular.
The lo.s we now offer are all less than a block
from Mission st. and the electr c cars, and which
are but twenty-eight minutes' ride from the City
Hull. -1 ots are level and r iy to build upon, and
arebelngsoiy at prices ta "..u^j from $300 to $500
on $.0 monthly payments.
You would do well to see our beautiful modern
cottages, sold on very easy terms for $1200 In-
cluding lot E6xl 00: street work done. »
To v isit this property take M lsslon-street Electric
cars to l- rant-is st. or China aye.; you will there
Hud our branch oflice and representative. George
A. Turner, from 10 to 12 dally and all d.iv Sunday.
He will cheerfully furnish any Information de-
st red.
' O'FARRELL * CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
QS^OO VALENCIA. N'F.. 19TH; FINE
CUijuo, business property; partly hew: i urge
liquor-store and 2-story dwelling; 28x100; worth
$10.1.00: forced sale: make offer.
$4500— Near Br ant and 4th sta.; front and rear
house; 31x85. re/A s6l; forced sale.
$65,000— St., nr. 4th; new 4-story brick
business property; just finished; 30x160 to Jessie
st. ; rent $490; one-third cash.
$3250 Mason st., nr. Bay; 2 cottages: 40x68:9
$6000— Ray, nr. I'owell, through to rear street-
old bouses; 23x120, or will sell 45x120.
$6000— Clay st., nr. Mason: 3 flats; rent $55-
Improvements nearly new: 26x75; bargain.
$4500— 18th St., nr. Sanchez; modern 2-story
store, with 3 rooms, and 5 rooms and bath above -
rent $50. L. CE.-sTERRKICHER, 630 Market st!
"•-(OR .SALE — ELEGANT 12- ROOM HOUSE
X done by day's work; salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden-
stone walks; view Golden Gate Bark. 1917 Oak. '
DICHMONB. ~~ ~~~
X\> RICHMOND.
RICHMOND.
Cheap lots on 25th avenue, Clement street and
Point Lobos avenue; *375 and upward: $50 cash.
$10 monthly. Sntro'a new electric road passes tlie
property. No shifting sand. Call for our printed
list of Richmond oropenv.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
' TO Montgomery st.
(ft^Te-. $275. "
fsxj I «->• $275. $275.
South ofthe Park.
N and ( > streets.
10th and 11th avenues.
$25 cash; $10 monthly.
A good speculation.
BALDWIN A- HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
DON'T BUY A LOT ~ "
until you have
seen tin- Castro-street Addition.
The cheapes lots in the city.
Prices $850 to $450. Terms
$5 cnsh, $5 monthly. Streets
all graded, sewered and .
macadamized. Water piped
to every lot. All ready for
building purposes. Good climate,
splendid views. Call at our
..line and our agent will go with
you and show you the property, or
take the Guerrero-street electric car
(Mission or Valencia transfer at 14th)
and ride to Chenery and Castro streets,
trarsferring at Thirtieth street. Cars pass the
property.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery bL
CC. BEMLS. • ~~ ~
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
120xl95_NW. cor. of a st. and 27th aye.* as a
whole or in subdivisions. '
$11,000— Pacific aye. and Baker sL: 55x
137:6 feet. ;•' ' y. ■ -.
$2600— sld 0 of stanyan . st., beL.Carl and '
Frederick: 25x100 feet. '
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parte: -25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses:
make offer. . - '
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.
bet. First and Fremont. "
$400— Lot on Duncan St., beL Noo and Castro- 25
xll4 feet. •
$86W0-Elep.ant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
ON E LEFT— COTTAGES JUST COMPLETED-
-309 rthotwell St.. near 17th: 5 rooms, bath, gas'
high basement; $3600. easy terms; open daily. E.
P. E. TROY, owner, 301 California st. 7 :.-.y,
IfM-sTIO FOR SALE-1 BLOCK FROM THE
y^p^yjyjyj. park; new house, 6 rooms, basement
and attic: well built and finely arranged. Take
McAllister-st. car to Sianvau and apply at Park
House. tSKBSf&BBG-US
•ftl AAA I'INE CORNER; 104x100; ON
ttpJLUuU. Cal. and Sev R. R. ._ Berkeley: $50
down. $(5 monthly. ",
$350-1 acre hill land: $5 monthly.
$750— Business lot; 50x100: $10 "monthly.
$.00— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A.BAILEY, 46 Market st.
B RIGHT, CHEERY. HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tion. Fruitvale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up.
Q* ] RAA WANTED ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
'IP Xrjyjyj excellent security; 12 per cent in-
terest. 410 Kearny St., room 6. y
ffiOOK IF TAKEN AT ONCE; LEVEL LOT. 1
yJDx.xjO block ■S. of the park. Call at once. 9
Powell st., room 3.
FOB SALE OR EXCHANGE FOB SAN
Francisco property a.modern bouse of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No • reasonable offer refused. Auniv
28^_ Zoe st., city. ■*"■".. ,
3F'LATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc, built for $3200: 5-room cottage
and bath. 81500. JAS McCON AH AY. 1149 Mission
PHYSICIANS^ ~~
DR.A.»ifLTC?S,PHYSICN^i^
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus bldg,ts6l Markt
]> EMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XX Market St.; diseases uf women a MMCUBbr, -
CITY' REAL , ESTATE.
A '"d •'" speck ilov^"""^ ~*~
•£» • CHOICE INVESTMENTS. ■•
<fte\oo CASH, BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
vpyjyjyj ly payments, buys elegant new house of
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath and large
- lot ; in perfect order. ' s " ; r ". '
€>fv All CASH,- BALANCE OF $2500 -SAME
V v" ' as rent, buys business property in Rich-
mond; rent $30.  ' .
djiQAAn- ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM' RFSI-
CtIUWW, deuce on Leavenworth St.: lot 29x91:
fine view.
ft AAA FOUR FLATS NEAR 9TH AND
tjpOUUU. Harrison sis. ; rents $40.
_Rff9fWl ELFGANT, MODERN* 8-ROOM
*lP'-'^-"'-'« residence on Bush, near Buchanan.
v^E-000 ELEGANT 7-ROOM RESIDENCE
yjpoyjyjyj. on Pine St., near Devisadero.
Q^fl AAA Business corner on SUT-
(JPOU.UUU. ter st.. within a few blocks of the
Hotel Pleasanton: lot 58x100. -
ft.".,", AAA -BUSINESS PROPERTY VERY
<PtJc".UUU. near the Baldwin: rents $250.
fRQAAA STORE AND 2 FLATS: BENTS
-"pOUUU. $30; only a few blocks from the City
Hall : must sell. ?-"; '"- •- : -
ffiQ^nn BEDUCED FROM $4800: 2 ELE-
<fi>*J » UU. gain new flats: within a block, of 2
car lines: pays 10 per cent. .
%A^oo 3 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; RENTS
W\JO\I\J, $61; in vicinity of Haight st.
<8t700n :2 LEGANT NEW FLATS ON
«ip I UUU. McAllister st.
_tAAfin ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON SUT-
tIDOUUU. ter and Hyde.
AN OFFER WANTED FOP. AN ELEGANT
—V 20-room mansion on N. lineal Eddy st . near
Franklin: lot 34x120 to rear street; building
nearly new; cost over $20,000.
<£QA AAA CORNER BUSINESS, PROP-
tU7t..'V/.UUU. erty. with good improvements,
within a block of the Baldwin; lot 58x75 ; all
rented.
ft I 1 O 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
yjpXXyj.yjyjyj. Market st.; lot 50x165; 2 front-
ages Inside. • - '
$i9'>A 000 BUSINESS CORNER: 137
_._.».". UUU. feet front; vicinity of the Bald-
win: pays 6 percent.
A. M. SPECK it CO..
602 Market st.
©90 A CASH DOWN: $1650; SAME AS
— v'U rent: buys nearly new 5-room cottage;
half-block from Market-street ears. SPECK A
CO.. 602 Market St.
CO IiXTKI I . E A L ESTATI..
A MODEL VINEYARD.
1 00 A CRES. BEARING 7 TONS PER ACRE,
IUU on resistant stock, near this city; will sell
for half its value or will subdivide; small payment
down.
]00 ACRES MEADOW;. RICHEST SEDl-
xyjyj ment soil; 1% hours out; depot of 4 rail-
roads on the land: can be sold In town lots; only
$d 0 per acre if sold at once; worth S2OO.
■ HUGH SHIELS. 602 Market St., Crocker bldg.
T ITTLE . HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN ; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; .also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit ; 3 parti v improved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
"L r OR SALE- IN SAN DIEGO, A NICE COT-
X tage, built 4 years ago by the owner; No. 818
1 wenty-flfth st.; lot 70x75, centrally located, near
new railroad depot; price $2500. Photograph of
property can be seen at 2319 Howard St., San
r raucisco, Cal.
earThaywards: 8 ACRES of LAND
-i-A free: payment tor Improvements only: 10-room
house, barn, windmill, horse, vehicles," furniture,
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600. For
full particulars apply to THOMAS McMAHON,
62_ .Market st. . - •
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, "
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
Stockton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per- ]
petual water right. -: J ...
We are prepared to sell portions of the property '
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th* property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
aflords excellent sport, for hunters. .
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rlrht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wltO lully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in I
six annual payments, without Interest; tula per- I
lect and liberal discount for cash. j
1- or further particulars, maps and catalogues, al. I
dress IWrMflr
X ASTON, ELDBIDGE A CO..
638 Market Street.
>iui Francisco, CaL
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
. Oakdale, CaL
&1 1 AAA RANCH, I6O ACRES; 50 ACRES
W i 1 .UUU. fruit and vines, balance under cul-
tivation; 40 miles from city. L., box 10, Call.
MARIN COUNTY— 6OOO ACRES 26 MILES
xix from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any si/.- desired: fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $7 5 ncr acre; terms made
to suit : send for ircular. i 3"|S"*_f!
Improved dairy farms for sale with rows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 61
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OB ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOUSTER A W HIT ■ ( )N. San -lose.
MONEY TO LOAN.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
Xj Loan Association, cor Battery and Pine .-t.<.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I'J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1 ICO Market Bt..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DI KEi T FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; node-lavs; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Prl-
office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st.
1 ST A 21) MORTGAGES: INTEBEBTB IN Et?
A- tates;lowest rates;no deIay. MURPHY, 62B Mrkt,
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos: lowest rate: call ami
state your proposition or write; open evenings.
J. NOONAN, 1021 Miss. St.
(Ei-^nO 000 OX PKAL ESTATE: LOWEST
<!PUU" ? UUUrates. A.SCH Ll.Eß.soft Montgy
MON V TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OK COL.
laterals. JAS. E. DAMON. 303 Montgomry si.
MORTGAGES. i KATE LOAN'S", War"
lv. rants. SALOMON A CO.. Moutgoniry,r.2l4.
OAKLAND LOAN'S ON REAL I. TATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice; cur-
rent rates ot interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN PRIVATE. 410 KEARNY
St., room 6.
ADVA ON DIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Oflice, 9 Grant aye.
AN YAMOU N T : 1 ST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montcomery, rooms 2-3.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party : low Interest : strictly p.-ivai. ■ 21 5 Powell.
VAIVXBROKKKS.
AT 120 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sal >cheap.
FINANCIAL.
W^ANTED-?T00 AT 1 PER CENT;" GOOD
security. P.. box 8. Call Office.
\| ERCHANT WANTS $2000 FOR 1 OR _
ill years at 10 percent., on $13,000 security,
$7000 insurance: Al reference; full investigation.
Address Business, Call Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGEES "aND
J life Insurance policies; low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery si. ' y>y:
d_ 1 A A AAA TO LOAN ON LIFE INS. POLI-
J 1 UW.uUU cles. JOS. B. TQI'LII/. 330 Pine.
__________
MEOICAL.
ALL F E MALE "IRREGULARITIES ~RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped ai once; home in. con-
tliniiiL- t: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
ITLESSINGTO LADiES SUFFERING FROM
D lemale troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never falls to cure a single case: beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank; consult free
DR. and MBS. DA VIES; home in confinement;
French Female Pin's: Pills. . .. y
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in-one day;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician (knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st-
L/C/. M A . ' 11 1 . 1 MA I ISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
X.J grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated at 1207 Market st., rs. 2<_3 ;German spoken.
LA I ) I ESrCOASULT FREE MRS. DR. SCUT.
216 i'owell st.; only qualified specialist; $600
for case I fail to cure; dlseasesof the eye treated.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOT HE CARE;
housekeeping apartments: : atrictlv - private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. *
MRS. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE CON-
-finement home; good care and attendance;
prices reasonable. 710 Kills st. ' •
R.HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAP.
"Jones. Diseases of women nnd children.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one . day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge ; separate home for patients ; . best . skill;
medical attendance; - low fees; regulator,' $2.
1370 Market. 7 -
LADIES — DAUDET'S . FEMALE REGULA"
ting Pills*, strongest, safest; best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sis., sole agents. .
"SURE CURE - FOR "ALL FEMALE /Dl*
"eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 226 Tcrlt st. ■
\. US." WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
i»l confinement: irregularities cured ln a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE!
see -U-. __. Pueus and be content. 2S4V_ 4tis.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
ffijOXA BUSINESS CORNER LOT; SEV-
yP — OyJ. enth street. Apply at store, 1548 Fark
street, Alameda. ■.., '. ■ . ■■■■■■
% TnTi - HAY. GRAIN. WOOD AND COAL
liP'Xyjyj. business, including stock, fixtures,
horses wagons, etc.: rent $15; good business street,
fine corner; must be sold before March 1 : sickness
cause for selling. J. S. MYERS, ICO2 Broadway.
Oakland.
HA V E~A~ HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
-LI. plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice- orange lands tor
vacant lots: land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
up, Oakland. .;4EPBg|_£J*_ Ett&lSES -SSSSSRBSSSS
9 ( \ ACRES, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
xjyj Saratoga ; 20 acres fruit; house and barn;
?».->0; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth aye., Oakland:
50x116; very cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway
©I 00 CASH A3* & *£> PER MONTH WILL
«1D 1 yjyj secure a new 5-room cottage; large lot;
close to station and electric cars; price $1800.
W. C. MOHAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
Ci^Onn NEW HOUSE; 9 ROOMS AND
y&uyjyjyj. stable; cornerlot; 50.x 180: southeast
corner Eighth aye. and East Twentieth St., Oak-
land. Inquire next door above.
CM OO LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
tiPLVU. come to-day. LODGE A POWELL.
fflj Oil MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGES;
*#j~£l\.l plans free. F. BOKOLE. Golden Gate statn.
<Jti~i Pvfl LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
VTXUyJ. P'ruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements
11. B. TINNEV owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— GOOD LOCATION FOR A DOCTOR
and dentist; 6 rooms and bath: constantly oc-
cupied for 16 years. Cor. Center and Seventh sts.,
Wf ,'. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM DA KKAL X STATE.
SJ/Cjfin HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN)
«TS"iOUU. near narrow-gauge station; street Im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000: lot 60x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park St., Alameda.
B£K__ELE_ KEAL ESTATE. '
A.TOY SEE THEY ARE BOOMING STIH'K-
X ton, but any sane person prefers Berkeley the
beautiful." Look at this: A new 9-room house,
near university, street work all done, and only
$3200. .U)S. J. MASi .N, Dwight-way station.
"SJUJTA CLARA COUNTY.
KKAL ESTATE.
rpcTTrnriioME^EKE^ "^' "~
X We are authorized to sell lots of 10 acres or
more in the great MURPHY HOMESTEAD, be-
tween san Jose and Stanford University.
This is absolutely iirst-class orchard land, tbe
kind that pays $200 to $400 per acre annual in-
come when in bearing; price $200 per acre.
Never before ottered so low; only $200 secures
10 acres for 8 years, with Interest on balance at 7
per cent per annum.
We res e-ctfully ask the home-seeker to imme-
diately Investigate this land. It is alongside a
railroad soon to become an overland route. Fur-
thermore", it Is the richest land in the State. The
topography of the tract is beautiful, with large oak
trees dotted here and there.
Carriages ready to convey parties free to and
from the land. S»nd for catalogues.
WOOSTER <fc ITTON,
7 West Santa Clara st.,
_^ San Jose, Cal.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY' PROPERTY
for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds-,
large oaks; suitable tor gentleman's home, semi-
nary or simmer boarding; with 160 acres or less:
stuble, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, borse-power, tanks, farming imp c- !
ments, wagons, horses, COWS, l i-s, chickens: 30 I
acres fruit trees, 2, 8 and 7 years: 70 acres In wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply j
K. .M.'Cl 'Kit I E... flic- Lloyd Tevis, MilUi.l'l...-. F '
ErliA- NOTICKS.
In the Superior 6oobt s in a.vuVor
X tin: City and County of san Francisco, Stateof
California— Department No. 10— l'rob. *
In the matter of the estate Of TOMASO ( RES-
TA, alas TOMABBO CRESTA, and also called
THOMAS CRESTA, deceased. Order to show
Cause why order of sale of real estate should not be
made.
A.C. FREF.SK. the administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of TOM AHO CRESTA, alias
TOM A CUES'- A; deceased, having Bled his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an order
of sale of a portion of the real (state of said deced-
ent, for the purposes therein set forth.
it is therefore ordered by the said court that all
poisons Interested In the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on Mi >N DAY.
the 24th day of February, 1086, at 10 o'clock ln
the forenoon of said day, at the courtroom of De-
partment No. 10— Probate— of said Superior Court,
at the new City Hail. ln the City and County of Sau
Francisco, State of California, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said admin-
istrator with .lie will annexed to sell so much Of
the real estate of the said deceased as shall be
necessary.
And that a copy of this order be published at
least once a week for four successive weeks in the
sax Francisco call, a newspaper printed and
published in said city and county.
Dated January 21, A. D. 1896.
CHARLES W. BLACK, Judge of the Superior
Court.
J. I). SULLIVAN, attorney for administrator,
319 I'ine St.
BENJAMIN HEALEY, of counsel for adminis-
trator. '
JlAiiitlAtii; LICENCES.
The following marring* lice— were issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
H. J. McDonald and Alice Q. McGuire, 31—24.
M. tC_ merro and Josle Vaiili-7, 22—22.
A. Oress and Gabrlelle Fairfield, 40—27.
Adam Waguer Jr. and Alice W. Mass, 29—27.
L. Fopplano and _ [aria Borrone, 29—22.
c. W. Stamm and Emma Schudet, 30—23.
II (i. Risen and Flora M. Gault. 38—36.
A. 11. Simpson and Malm Nyman. 26—33.
R. W. Lester and Euphrasia Poncslet, 32-37.
J. .1. ll.'iisen and Florence a. Anderson, 35—31.
C. F. Kutler and Mac Kevsley. 24—22.
L. C. Keptler and Adelaide M. Umback, 24—21.
Stun A. Morgan ana Kate Houghton, 29—30.
L. IV J. Hillcourt and Phoebe A. Itanzau, 35-24.
-Ittlatt. l'l.dv.__ill.>os.
Complaints filed:
Mary A. Henley against Robert C. Henley.
W. O. Harrison vs. Annie M. Harrison, cross-
complaint tiled by defendant.
Divorces granted :
Kate M. Hillings from Henry Billings, for ex-
treme cruelty ; by Judge Daingerfield. Community
property ordered divided as per stipulation.
Alice Kracker from Catjen Kracker. for extreme
cruelty; by Judge Diiingerlield. Plaintiff allowed
to resume her maiden name, Alice Wolfsen.
Mary Andrews from William nenrv Andrews,
for cruelty; by Judge Dalncerfield. * Custody of
minor child awarded to plaintiff, and $25 a month
alimony and $50 counsel fees allowed.
W. J, Kennedy vs. Katharine Kennedy, divorce
denied by Judge Slack, and defendant awarded $50
a month as maintenance.
DIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATJIsT
[Birth, marriage ana death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
. KOKN.
BLOHM— In Berkeley, February 17, 1896, to the
wife of Charles H.Tilohm, a daughter.
JOHNSTON- In Oakland, February 18,1896, to
the wife of A. Hope Johnston, a daughter.
MAY'ER— February 13, 1896, 10 the wifeof Charles
Mayer, a son.
WISEMAN- In this city, February 15, 1896, to
the wife of J. D. Wiseman, a son.
MAKKIED
DOUGHTY— BURGES-In this city, February 15,
1896, at the New Jerusalem Church, by the Rev.
F. L-'Hlggins, Walter V. Doughty and Lillian M.
Burges. .
HENNINC,TON-ROP.INETTE-In this city,
February 6, 1896, at the residence of the bride's
mother, by the Rev. Ueqry B. Collier, Clarence
A. Hennington of San Jose and Minna P. Rob-
lnette of San Francisco. . .
LADER-WAHMUTH-In Alameda. February
10, 1898, by the Rev. H. Hnsrodt. Fred Lader
or Los Gatos and Lena Wahmuth of Alameda.
SIMPSON— NYMAN— In this city, February 17,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Alfred H. Simpson
■ • and Malm Nyman. both of San Francisco.
SMITH— McGARVEY— In this city, February 18,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Otto L. Smith and
jj Catherina F. McGarvey, . both of San Francisco.
GAULT— In this city, February 18, 1896,
by the Rev.. Dr. Dille, Hymon G. Risen of San
| Francisco and Flora M. Gault of San Jose, Cal.
WHTTE-McGROGAN— In this city, February 16,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, John W. White of
Healdsburg and Nellie McGrogan of Stockton,
Cal.
" U*E.... '
Bernstein. Reglna Levi, Emilie .
Byron, Jane A McCarthy, John D.
. Clarke, Rose Anna McClure, Hannah T.
Crowley. Timothy .Mackey, William '
'" Devlin, James A. ' • ■■■- Matthews, Julia E.
Donnelly, Thomas ' Marzillius, Henry
Field, Mrs. Ann Miller. Lewis A.-
Flint, Tneresa A. " Navarro, Julius ,i
Grimm, Emil F. • Nelson, John >'.
Hansen, Andey L. L. Nichols, William D.
Hayes. Bridget . ; Pariez, Nick •
• Hicky, John > - Robinson. Cora L.
Irwin. Mary F. - Ryan, Thomas ci
Jost, Christian Schwerin, Nellie E.
Lenihan, Catherine -Smith, Jane •
. Wilson, Augusta V. •■_ .. y ■.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, February 18, 1896,
Begins.' beloved wife of I. C. Bernstein, and sis-
ter of M. Aufricbtig and Mrs. Rosa Goldrath,
a naive of Bohemia, aged 34 years.
Sfi' Friends am' members of America Council
No. 7, O. C. F., are requested to attend the funeral
THIS day (Wedn.sday), at 10 o'clock a.m.,
from her late residence, 706 1 Fulton street.
I. M. MORA IS, Secretary.
BYRON— In San Jose. Cal.. February 17, 1896.
Jane a. Byron, a native of Scotland, aged 68
years. ....;• , y.
CLARKE— In this city, February 16. 1896, Rosa
Anna, beloved wife of William Clarke, mother of
Mag ie, William J. and Cornelius Clarke, and
sister of Mrs. L. Walsh, Mrs. B. Kelly, Mrs. D.
Kenny and Daniel Curran, a native of County
Armagh, Ireland, aged 56 years.
ft^Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 317 Fell street; thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CROWLEY— Oakland, February 17, 1896, Tim-
othy Crowley, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
DEVLIN- in this city, February 17, 1896, James
A., beloved husband of Mary Devlin, son of the
late James and Catherine Devlin, and brotherof
Mrs. .vi. W. Coffey and John Devlin, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 34 years.
o"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his . late
residence, 1235 a Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, street, near Howard,
where services will be held. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DONNELLY— Jn this city. February 17. 1896,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Annie Don-
nelly, and father of Peter, James and Maggie Don-
nelly, Mrs. M. Maber and the late Annie Don-
nelly, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
60 years. - *
ty Friends and acquaintances are' resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 631 Seventh stree. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. — . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FIELD-In this city, February 17, 1896, Mrs.
Ann Field, beloved mother of .Miss Mary Field,
Joseph T. Field and Mrs. A. A. Sanders, a na-
tive of Leeds, England, aged 88 years.
KS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which will
be held from her late residence, 713 Post street,
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p.m.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FLINT— In this city, February 17, 1896, Theresa
Almlra Flint.
GRIMM— I- this city, February 16. 1896, Emll
Francis, beloved husband of Anne Grimm, and
father of Mrs. E. .1. Forbert and Fred W.Grimm,
a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 63 years
10 months and 23 days.
ORDER OF KRAI ANNS SONS-All grand
officers and members of the order are respect-
fully requested to assemble in full regalia
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.,
in Druids' Ball, 413 Sutter street, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Past Grand Secre-
tary of the order. Emil Francis Grimm. . By
order 01 the Grand President,
P. N. _. LAM PE. Grand Secretary.
HANSEN — In this city. February 18, 1896. Andey
L. 1... beloved son of John and Mary C. Hansen,
and brotherof Henry A. X., George R. N. and
Walter ii. Hansen, a native or San Francisco,
aged 16 years 3 months and 29 days.
g_r Friends and acquaintances are reso^v.-
fully Invited t-> attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 Cjclock p. _.. from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1569 Mi, rlcet street, between
ElevenlJS and Twelfth. Inter— —KM Cypress Lawu
Cemetery.
HAVES— In Sausalito. February 18. 1896, at the
residence of her SOO.. John Hayes, Bridget Haves,
a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 7* years.
fISTTbe funeral will take place TO-MOKROW
(Thursday) on the arrival of the 10:05 o'clock
a. m. boat from Sausalito. Imermeni Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KY— ln this city, February 15, 1896. John
Hicky, a native of London, England, aged 61
years-.
<fS~Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors Of the Golden Gate Undertaking Co.. 2-129
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
I. O. <>. F. Cemetery. All friends are invited to
attend.
JOHT- In this city, February 17. 1896, Christian
Jost,s native of Germany, aged hit years.
IRWIN— In this city. February 18, 1896, Mary F.
Irwin, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
aS" Friends and -acquaintance* are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A- Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LENIHAN— In thisclty. February 18. 1896. Cath-
erine, wife ofthe late John l.eniiian, and mother
of John, William and Dennis Lenihan, a native
Of Newcastle West, County Limerick, Ireland,
aged 57 years.
g_~Fncii.ls and acquaintances »r» respect-
ful. > me- -.1 to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday nt 1 :80 o'clock p. m.. from her late
resident c. 229 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock p. _.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEVI — In this city, Februery 18, 1896. Em lie,
beloved wife of J. Levi Sr.. and mother of Mrs.
J. Levi Jr., a native of Germany, aged 67 years.
*i"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In Los llanos. Merced County, CaL,
February 16. IBM. John D. McCarthy, beloved
father of John D. McCarthy, and toother Mrs.
Jerome Walsh and the late .mai;n McCarthy,
a native of Baudot], County Cork, Ireland, aged
60 years.
gTdT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the tunerai Tills DAY
. Wednesday), at 9:30 O'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy .v- Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass sriiHbe celebrated tor tbe repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. — . Inter-
ment Holy Cro3s Cemetery.
McCLURE— In this city. February 18. 1896. Han-
nah T. McClure. widow of tbe late William Mc-
Clnre of Placer County, a native of Orange
County, N. .., aged 85 years 5 months and _ 1
days.
MACKBT- In the City and County nospltal.
February 18, 1893, William Mackey, aged 3d
years.
MARZILLIUS— In this city, February 18. 1896,
Henry, beloved son ot Johu and Mary Marzillius,
a nat lye of San Francisco, aged 2 years 8 months
and 29 days.
MATTHEWS— In this city, February 17, 1898.
Julia X.. beloved wu.-oi' S. B.Matthews, and
mo'.ber of James B. Matthews, a native of Guys-
boro. Nova Scotia, age.i Ml years.
fiSTFnends and acoualntances are rssnsct-
full. invited to attend the funeral TO- MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from her late
residence. *\ 3a Hayes street. Interment Moun-
tain lev, Cemetery, Oakland.
MILLER— In Oakland. February 17, 1596, Lewis
A. Miller, a native of Switzerland, aged 65 years.
NAVARRO— In this city, February 16. 1896
Julius Navarro, beloved son of Mrs. Jacinta S.
de Navarro, a native Of Mexico, aged 41 years.
Sir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from his late
residence. 735 Vailejo street, thence to Red
Men's Hall. 3.0 Post street, for services under
the auspices of Magnolia Lodge, A. O. U. W. .
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital.
February 18, 1896. John Nelson, aged 40 years.
NICHOLS— In Berkeley, February 17. 1896. Wil-
liam D.. beloved hnsband of Ann Nichols (sister
of Mrs. E. Mertens), father of Willie E. Nichols
and brother Charles It. Nichols, a native of
Herkimer, N. , Y., aged 60 years 11 monthsand
17 days. f Eureka (Cal.) papers please copy.]
gig- Friends and acquaintances and members
of Lincoln Post, G. A. R.. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the family
residence, 1816 Addison street. Berkeley station,
thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, arriving in
San Francisco by 11:46 o'clock a. _ . .at. .
PARIEZ— In this city, February 18, 1896. Nick
Pariez. beloved brother of Tom Pariez, a native
• of Moidez, Bocche dl Oattaro, Austria, aged 22
years 9 months and 8 days.
ROBINSON— In this city. Febrnary 17, 1896, Cora
__, beloved wife of John Robinson, a native of
Maine, aged 36 years. .
SjarFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Co.. 123Stock-
ton street, corner Geary. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. "... , y
RYAN— In this city, February 18, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Ryan, a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aged 65 years.
SCHWERIN— In this city, February 17,' 1898,
Nellie Edith, beloved wife of Henry Schwerin.
mother of Lylton Schwerin. daughter of Mr. ana
Mrs. James Hadley, and niece of Mrs. James
Barbour, a native of Yolo County, Cal., agea 28
years 11 months and 29 days.
aSTFrlends and . acquaintances are . respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 5:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1211 Guerrero street, between Twen-
ty fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence by 6:30
o'clock a. m. train to Y'olo, Y'olo County, for In-
terment. ' . . i .
SMITH— In East' Oakland, February 17. 1896,
Jane Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. M. 'L,
Schleuter, a native of Ireland, aged 65.years.
*S~Frlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW.
' (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her. late
residence, 1372 Thirteenth avenue, t_ence to St.
Anthony's Church, where a • solemn - requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. _. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
WILSON— In Alameda, February 16, 1896, Au-
gusta. V., beloved daughter of William H. and
Augusta V. Wilson, aged 1 year 5 months and
19 days.
~F UNITED . UNDERTAKERS' T*
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals •
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
■ -Mi. in . ,-. i. 1.. 1 >,
■ - .- .- - - ... -■■ —■ < ■ ■ •
WIcAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTOBS A EMBALM KRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone 3080.
— — ~— — — — — — — —— . 1 1
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY, ',
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAN|
laid out on the lawn plan : perpetual care; beau. '
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see it before
huyiug a burial place elsewhere. -
City Office, V City Hall Atiooh
1516
REV. ANNA SHAW
CALLED GREEDY.
The Suffrage Association
Compared to a Tag
less Donkey.
WOMEN ARE AT OUTS.
Mrs. Harland's Charge of Would
Be Boss Rule Against Mrs.
and Miss Cooper.
A FEMININE TAMMANY KING.
The Ex-State Organizer Sure That
Her Deposition Was Due to Mrs.
Cooper's Antagonism.
The cry of "boss rule" has been raised
in woman suffrage councils in this City.
There are those who have the temerity
to insinuate that a feminine Tammany
ring as rapacious as the Gotham society
of unenviable fame exists in and rules the
joint committee representing the Woman's
Suffrage Association and the constitu
tional amendment campaign committee of
California.
They go farther and impeach Rev. Anna
H. Shaw as the moving spirit in a game of
grab, in which Susan B. Anthony follows
a close second, and Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
playing into their hands.
It was at a semi-business, semi-social
gathering in a pretty uptown clubroom
that the matter was freely discussed yes
terday. It was an assemblage of types and
interminglings of types. The society
woman was there iniiltra-fashionabie at
tire. Beside her stood a woman who goes
in for dress reforms and believes in the
doctrine of one Dr. Malthus. Their neigh
bor is a socialist in practice as well as in
theory. Somewhat in the background was
a whitehaired lady who is conservatism
personified, except that somewhere and
somehow she was bent suffrageward.
There were others who seemed an amalga
mation of two or more of these types.
It was a representative assemblage and
there was a practically unanimous .senti
ment in regard to the situation, a belief that
greed for power is the Scylla and greed for
money the Charybdis that threaten suf
fragists.
Mrs. Hester A. Harland, the deposed
State organizer, was a conspicuous figure
of the group. She told the story of her
deposition to an attentive audience.
"We will lose," she said by way of pre
face. "There are seven or eight counties
in which an interest is shown in princi
ples of political equality. In the remain
der scarcely a thought is given to it. We
have no chance except to make this an
educational campaign. If we do not em
brace it we will be as far from the realiza
tion of our hopes as we were twenty years
ago.''
Mrs. Harland is a handsome woman of
winning personality. She is affable and
tactful. Her appearance won attention
and her story held it.
"Yes, we will fail, ladies," she contin
ued, "because ours is a personal, not a
political, campaign. When I was making
my tour of the counties organizing suffrage
societies and arranging for Miss Shaw's
lectures I received notice from headquar
ters that I should not stick to principles so
closely, but talk more about Mrs. Cooper.
I regarded it as a suffrage, not Cooper,
campaign, and continued to stick to prin
ciples. Notwithstanding Mrs. Sargent's
and Madame Sorbier's Genial, the fact re
mains that my refusal to conduct a Cooper
campaign was the cause of my requested
resignation.
"That is the general statement. Now,
to be more specific. As I visited the coun
ties I realized that addresses, np matter
how brilliant, were ephemeral in their ef
fects, and that matter in printed form, to
be studied and referred to, was the great
est need. I wrote the officers, urging that'
a systematic course of information on suf
frage matters should be provided and that
therefore the aid of the press, especially of
the interior, should be secured. I recom
mended the employment of some type
writers for the purpose of furnishing such
matter. I had found that the editors, al
most to a man, were willing to publish
such matter once a week.
"Instead of heeding my request the pow
ers ignored it, except to intimate through
the secretary that they did not want any
more suggestions. I continued to urge
that one, however, telling them that al
most daily I was the recipient of such ad
vice from business men and men of affairs
who were interested in the cause. The re
ply was that my resignation would be ac
cepted. I tendered it. That is the story
in rough outline, but there are countless
minor details. For instance I was taken
to task by Miss Cooper for accepting the
co-operation of a prominent lady in one
of the southern counties. 'Why did you
do it?' she asked. 'My mother doesn't like
her.'
"'I did not know that,' I replied
'but still do not regard that reason as a
final one. I will refer matters to your
mother as a member of the executive com
mittee when that committee meets. In
the meantime I must ask you to mind your
own business.'
"In short, the Coopers' motto is, 'Rule
or Ruin.' They have never belonged to
an organization in which they did not
make trouble because of their "adherence
to that motto."
The conversation turned upon Miss
Shaw. "It was not economy," said Mrs.
Harland, "to permit Miss Shaw to take
$1500 from the State with her, leaving us
without money to carry forward the cam
paign. My suggestion to the committee,
at the outset, was to stipulate the sum.
Miss Shaw asks for her lectures, $125 a
week. Mrs. Cooper protested that the
lady should receive $50 a lecture. I said it
would be impossible to raise this in some
of the country towns. She insisted that
Miss Shaw is the support of a large family.
This large family is a fiction. Miss Shaw's
father received a pension. Her nephews
and nieces, who, it was claimed, were de
pendent upon her, are all grown and self
supporting. She got her $50 a night,
however. ° '
Here Mrs. Anna Smith interpolated a
vehement remark.
"I have spent a good deal of time hating
myself for ever believing that Miss
Anthony and Miss Shaw were working for
the cause of suffrage. It wasn't a pleasant
lesson, but I learned it well, that they are
working for the money there is in it I
am disillusioned. The bloom is gone from
the rose, the down from the peach. Miss
Shaw is one of the best orators of the age
She stands second to Ingersoll. But she
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Rcfr&l Powder
ABSOLUTELY, PURE
is the most grasping person I ever knew."
"The most ; brilliant, > and the most
greedy," agreed Mrs. Harland. "I trav
eled with her for six weeks, and I. never
saw her ' rapacity equaled. One town
failed to make up" the full amount required
for her lecture and, notwithstanding she
was receiving more than she had . been ac
customed - to, I she -'. accepted, and Mrs.
Cooper, insisted, enough from the associa
tion treasury to make up the deficit. She
would not donate so small a sum to the
fund.
"You all know, of course, that on the
night of the mass-meeting, when Judge
Maguire and Taylor Rogers spoke, she re
ceived $50 for a half-hour's talk? It is
true, and Mrs. Cooper insisted upon that.
"She and Miss Anthony carried away
$400 apiece, as well as having had all their
expenses paid, railroad fare and all, dur
ing the Woman's Congress," suggested
some one.
"To sum it all up,'-' said Mr 3. Harland,
"the campaign is entirely under tha con
trol of Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, Miss Hattie
Cooper, Miss Elizabeth Sargent, who In
turn are directed by Miss Anthony and
Miss Shaw from their Eastern point of dis
advantage. Miss Anthony promptly sup
plied my place by sending on her niece,
also an Eastern woman."
Mrs. Smith remarked that the State or
ganizer's work could not be done effect
ively by any stranger. It should be the
province of a woman thoroughly in touch
with California sentiments and systems.
It was pointed out as a significant fact
that the attendance at the monthly open
meetings of the suffragists is very small.
"The spirit moved me to stay away and
I find I was wisely directed," remarked
one lady, dryly.
"The State Suffrage ' Association is like
the donkey that was shipped somewhere,
but his tag was lost and the poor donkey
didn't know where he was," said some one.
"And the constitutional campaign com
mittee has chewed off its tag," remarked a
hitherto silent listener.
Amid laughter and invitations to "call
soon" the ladies' conclave dissolved.
As two of the party wended their way to
ward Market street one remarked: "Mrs.
Harland is right. So long as the campaign
remains an interchange of ideas between
suffragists, as long as suffragists continue
to talk to suffragists, it will be as
effective as Don Quixote's onslaught upon
the windmill."
MORE FERRY FACILITIES
A New Gangway for the Broad
and Narrow Guage
Steamers.
Harbor Commissioners Will Build a
Shed Over the New Pacific-
Street Wharf.
The new upper-deck gangway for the
Oakland steamers was formally opened by
Harbor Commissioners Colnon, Cole and
Chad bourne yesterday afternoon. After
the regular meeting adjourned the mem
bers walked to the ferries and at 3:15 Chief
Engineer Holmes explained that every
thing was in readiness.
A few minutes later the steamer Pied
mont entered the slip, and when all the
passengers had left the boat President
Colnon gave the word and the gangway
was lowered. It acted perfectly, and when
the gates were thrown open the people
thronged in, many of them wondering
when they found themselves on the upper
deck of the steamer without any trouble.
Others were not at all sure but" that they
were on the wrong boat and the deckhands
were kept busy answering questions.
Everything passed off successfully and the
Commissioners pronounced the innovation
a complete success.
The old waiting-room used by the pas
sengers of both narrow and broad-guage
lines is entirely too limited in space, and
there was always great crowding and
squeezing on the trips from 4 to 6:30 p. m.
The upper-deck gangway gives two en
trances to the boat, and iv this way the
congestion is relieved. Chief Engineer
Holmes has made a great success of the
venture and many of the contrivances in
use are of his own invention.
Before adjourning to open the new
upper-deck gangway, the Commissioners
held their regular semi-weekly meeting.
The Labor Commissioner sent in a com
munication setting forth that his office
would be $2000 short this year, owing to
his having done an enormous amount of
gratuitous work. During the period men
tioned a free labor bureau had been main
tained which had secured employment
for 6000 men and women. Not a cent had
been charged for this work, and if the
charitable do not assist it cannot be car
ried on. Commissioner Chad bourne re
marked that State funds could not be do
nated and Commissioner Cole coincided
with him. - The matter was finally laid
over, but Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
is determined to try the Commissioners
individually.
The question of supplying the commis
sion with piles for repairing the various
wharves came up. Several bids were sent
in. but the work was let to Darby Leydon
& Co., as that firm offered better "facilities
for the handling of the lumber. Leydon
& Co.'s bid was, for 12-inch piles, 11 cents:
14-inch. 12»_ cents, and 15-inch, 13>_ cents'
per foot.
Dr. Peckham, the United States Quaran
tine Officer, stationed at Angel Island, ap
peared before the board and asked for a
stay of proceedings in regard to the charg
ing of wharfage for the docking of the
Sternberg. He explained that the steamer
might be put in commission for continuous
service shortly, and then the United States
Government would pay wharfage. As mat
ters are at present, however, the tug only
comes here once or twice a week, and there
is no appropriation for the wharfage
charges. The board decided to allow the
matter to lie in abeyance until Congress
shall make an appropriation to put the
Sternberg in commission.
Chief Wharfinger Root asked that a shed
be placed over the Pacific-street wharf,
which is now being completed. He pointed
out that there were not enough covered
wharves on the front and that during the
winter rains vessels were often detained
two weeks in discharging for. want of
sheds. Commissioner Chadbourhe was of
the opinion that the Oceanic Steamship
Company might want the wharf when it
was finished and if so a covering would be
absolutely necessary. Commissioner Cole
thought the wharf should be kept free in
order to accommodate the fruit vessels
when the season comes in. Just the same
a covering would be necessary. The chief
engineer was instructed to prepare plans
for a shed and at the meeting to-morrow
the matter will be settled.
Would Regainlih Child.
John M. Wilson of 1201 Laguna street has
asked the intervention of the Society for the
Prevention 'of Cruelty to Children for the re
covery of his child from his divorced wife, Jen
nie H. Wilson, who, he alleges, is leading an
immoral life at 1032 McAllister street.
Maltreated by Her Father.
Florence Goodman, a nine-year-old colored
girl, has charged her father, Adolph Good
man, a paper-hanger, with' cruel treatment
and the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to
Children will investigate the case. The family
lives at C. Miles' place. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1896.
"HATS OFF" TO
THE CATHODE SAY.
Professor George Davidson
Says That Is the
Thing to Do.
SOMETHING QUITE NEW.
If It Had Been Known at the
Time Garfield's Life Might
. Have Been Saved.
ITS WONDERFUL POSSIBILITIES
It May Let Us Look Into the Earth's
Surface and Discover It 3
Secrets.
"Before the cathode ray we must raise
our hats," said Professor George David
son, discussing the latest information
about the scientific marvel as presented in
The Call yesterday;
"It is something absolutely new to the
scientific world. It has sprung upon us
almost with that unexpectedness with
which sometimes the solid earth quakes
under our feet. To be sure there are
number of men whom we know to have
been close upon this discover}*, working
all about it, but not knowing what it, was
they saw. A number of men had theories
and some few were said to have really
been to the Western continent before
Columbus made his voyage. But Colum
bus got here— made it a reality. That is
what Roentgen has done with this new
vibration— whatever it may be.
"It is not well to talk about it yet. The
news has just been broken. If I "had been
working along physical lines I would take
it up and follow it. We cannot tell where
it may lead. From what we learn of it it
widens the scope of possible knowledge
immeasurably— of possible knowledge, you
understand. As I have said the news "has
just been broken, a very few experiments
have been made and they are all abso
lutely new to the world. ;
"What limitations the new thing may
i have we do not know. But it sets one
thinking that we may, by its aid, be en
abled after a while to look into the earth
and discover what is hidden there. Why
not? By taking the sun's light and break
ing it up with a spectroscope we know the
composition of the distant sun itself; here
is so much iron, here is so much salt, etc.
It is not safe to laugh, at things in these
days. There is so much that we do not
know. The longer I live and the more I
lind out the more I am inclined to stoop
with the weight of the knowledge that I
have not.
"Some one talks loud in the room ad-
The Bronze Elk to Be Erected by the Elks in -Mountain View Cemetery.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
joining here. I hear the words quite dis
tinctly. Sound is vibrations of the air. or
ether. Do the vibrations come through
that thick wall in their perfect continuity?
Do the walls vibrate? I lay my watch
on the end of a thick bar of "iron and put
my ear to the other end of it, twenty feet
away, and I distinctly hear its ticking; as
distinctly as though I held it to my ear?
Does the iron vibrate? What causes it?
"I have worked for sixteen and seven
teen hours a day almost all my life. I
spent eight hours at my office and nine
hours at my home making observations,
trusting to luck to get some sleep. As I
have sat at my telescope and noted what I
could of the millions and millions of stars,
the worlds that swing around us, of which
our earth is a little handful of dirt, and
wondered where was the beginning and
what the boundaries of it all, and realized
that no one could answer the question, I
learned to quit laughing at the strange
things I may hear in my day's walk.
"Ah! that's what's the matter. There
are more things in heaven and earth than
are dreamed of in our philosophy. To be
sure, that is as old as some of the stars.
We know some things. I can look at a
certain star to-night that, as I am looking
at it, will pass out of the line of my instru
ment. By a little figuring and some care
ful adjustment I can fix the glass to cover
that spot in the sky into which that star
will pass at a certain moment on a certain
night 100 years from now. The glass may
remain, and if some one go to it at the
moment I have nominated— l being long
dead and. perhaps, otherwise forgotten— he
will seethe star cross the hairline on the
instant. There is no possibility of doubt,
no deviation. The great world will swing
into place exactly on time. But what
causes it? Ah! there's the rub. I cannot
tell. No man can tell what governs it all,
these millions and millions of worlds, with
such absolute nicety, y :
"But l<:ave your telescope and turn the
other wiy— turn to earth. The revelations
of the microscope are as wonderful as
those of (he telescope— just as wonderful.
"They say there is nothing new under
th? sun. But that is such a lie that it
makes me laugh. Everything is new— and
the Roentgen . or cathode ray is the very
latest. The whole world of science, work
ing along physical lines, is busy with it,
and we cannot tell what to-morrow may
bring forth. Glass is opaque jto the" new
ray. But it is altogether possible that a'
new substance will be discovered that will
focalize the light. 'Lenses would be made
of it and greater strength secured in the
shadowgraphs. Had this thing been
known when Garfield was shot his life !
would have been saved.'
"As I say, we have been on the verge of
this discovery j for several years. About
three years ago \ a half-dozen of us were
called upon by a newspaper to tell what
we had been doing during "i the preceding
year— what was new and interesting.
Among the replies a young Stanford pro
fessor said, 'I . have done this: I have
taken impressions of a coin on a sensitive
plate in a dark room by means of a wire
attached to it and to an electric battery.'
What was that? It was new, and it was
so close to this thing that there is scarcely
a dividing line. It seems he did not follow
it, and to Roentgen, as I have said, be
longs the credit of the discovery. I have
seen a man holding the cylinders of a bat
tery in his hands, the current . being so
gentle that he did not feci - it. A glass
tube from which the air was exhausted
was held two feet from his body and the
tube was brightly illuminated from this
current in the man's body, which he did
not feel. What caused the light?"
VISITED BY THE PRINCE.
Luigl of Savoy Called on Mayor Sutro
and Inspects tho City
Hall.
Prince Luigi of Savoy returned the visit
made by Mayor Sutro to the Italian
cruiser Cristoforo Colombo a few days ago,
by calling on the chief executive at his
offices in the City Hall yesterday.
The Mayor was taken by surprise when
the noble Italian entered his sanctum
escorted by Captain Bertolini, his superior
officer on board the warship, but soon re
covered his equanimity sufficiently to
show the Prince the pictures of his prede
cessors, which hang about the walls of the
office.. y^'-y
When the Prince had tired of this diver
sion his host donned his white hat and
taking his gold-headed cane escorted his
royal visitor about the hall, showing him
the different departments and explaining
as well as he could, through an interpreter,
the antics of the various officials.
The hall was explored from dome to
cellar and the Prince, who was dressed in
a dark suit and Derby hat, expressed him
self as much pleased with what he had
seen. y; -;/>,
A BIG ELK IN BRONZE.
An Oakland Monument Modeled
After the Animal in the
Park.
Made by Whyte & De Rome and to
Be Mounted in Mountain View
Cemetery.
The only bronze elk modeled from life
in California has just been finished by
Messrs. Whyte & De Rome at their brass
foundry on Main street.
It was made at the order of Oakland
Lodge No. 171 of Elks, and is to be used as
a monument in their burial plat in Moun
tain View Cemetery. The statuary is one
of the handsomest of its kind ever cast,
and differs widely in appearance and fin
ish from, the- combination white metal
monstrosities sent out here from the East.
Frank Happersberger, the sculptor, took
for his model the father elk at Golden
Gate Park. This famous antlered animal
is called the father elk, because of his hav
ing been the first elk transferred from his
native wilds to that edenic garden called
Golden Gate Park. The model was made
four years ago, and "father elk" is a little
larger now and more dignified, as becomes
his age, but the likeness between the liv-
ing animal and his bronze replica is strik
ing. "■.r : - ;
It was first intended to mount the elk on
a pedestal of the Lick memorial statuary,
but it was decided to substitute something
emblematic of the State's developing com
mercial and agricultural industries. The
sculptor's model was therefore laid aside
until a few months ago when E. H.
Benjamin of the Oakland Lodge of Elks
called on the sculptor and ordered the cast
made.' • ■•'.-■ y.yy
Mr. Benjamin had charge of the mining
exhibit at the Midwinter Fair. When the
fair closed he was given the marble and
onyx pedestal on which the principal por
tion of the exhibit rested. The base is of
Inyo marble with an onyx coping. He in
turn presented it to the Oakland Lodge of
Elks on condition that it be placed in the
burial plat called "Elks' Rest" in the
Mountain View Cemetery.
The cast is life-size, and the pose is true
to life of that of the model when standing
by the paling surrounding his keep and
gazing with inquiring eyes at the visitors
in the park.
. The makers of the statuary declined to
tell the cost of the work, but informed the
reporter that under ordinary circumstances
it would require $2000 or $2500 to produce a
similar casting, in bronze. It "probably
costless, because the model was already
made. 1
FIREMEN WILL PARADE.
Veteran Volunteers Have Decided to Ac
cept Oakland's Invitation.
_ At the meeting of the Veteran Volunteer
A 1 ™™? n ' S A^ociation of San Francisco
held, Monday evening, the invitation from
the Oakland parade committee inviting
the association to parade in that city 'on
Washington's birthday was accepted. The
association will meet at their hall on the
morning of that day at 8 o'clock, and will
take the creek boat at 9, arriving in Oak
land in time to start at 10. ', "-■
The association will be accompanied by
their band of twenty pieces, and will pull
the , lr old machine "Veteran." y
„ kx -Chief Bert Lawton and Colonel ■ W.
W. Moore, president of the Exempt Fire
company of Oakland, were present and
addressed the meeting.
A Frivolous Appeal.
Dwight Younglove secured judgment against
James F. Cunningham upon a promissory note
and Cunningham appealed; on the ground that
a demurrer to the original complaint should
have been sustained. The demurrer was made
upon the single point I that there was no aver
ment in the complaint of a' consideration for
tne^. note. The Supreme Court says there is
aa a IK whatever in the point, and $100 is
added to the costs allowed respondent as a
penalty for a frivolous appeal.
TO BE A CAMPAIGN ISSUE
How the Union for Practical
Progress Will Work for
City Water.
WILL PLEDGE CANDIDATES.
Immediate Action by the Board of
Supervisors on the Water Petition
Looked For.
"Xo movement like ours was ever lost,"
said J. M. Reynolds of the Union for
Practical Progress yesterday. "When a
city or town starts out to get a municipal
water supply she gets it— that is history.
We expect the Supervisors to take some
action on the petition asking that the
people of this City be permitted to vote
on this question of issuing bonds for a
water system. We are not, of course, over
sanguine that the Supervisors will grant
the request, though I rather think they
will. It is certainly a very reasonable re
quest, and it ! seems to me that those who
are inclined not even to let the people ex
press their opinions on the question must
have. Spring Valley reasons for their atti
tuue.
"Of course, if the question is left to the
people it will be overwhelmingly carried —
it always is.
"But suppose the Supervisors do not
permit the question to be placed on the
official ballot and the people are thus pre
vented from voting on the proposition.
What then Why, we will make it a clear
cut issue of the campaign. How can that
be done? In many ways. We will pledge
the candidates for Supervisors to support
such a measure after election, or will vote
them down.
"Not enough of us to do that? You
don't know the feeling there is on the sub
ject in this City. By scarcely turning a
hand, and without the expenditure of a
single dollar, we secured 3000 signatures
of voters and home-owners and house
holders to our petition to the Board of Su
pervisors, and every signer was a voter.
"Only a moderate effort is needed to
focus and concentrate the feeling on the
water question in this City. That effort
will be made in the coming campaign by
the Union for Practical Progress if the
present Supervisors deny our most reason
able request.
"The Spring Valley tax is enormous, and
the people know it. Their profits are also
enormous, and the people know that as
well. A municipal water system means
greatly reduced taxes, and reduced tax
rates would bring manufactures and many
enterprises to this City. Our individual
water rate is much too high, and what the
City has to pay each year to the Spring
Valley Company is enormously above the
value returned. Both are manyfold greater
than they would be if San Francisco owned
her own water system. The savings would
amount to more than a million dollars a
year. ty'y"',-"
"Now, the best of all this is that the
people Know it all. They are quite wide
awake to the importance of tne question,
and any one who thinks the people of this
City are at all apathetic on the question
will be surprised at the result of a little
investigation.
"You can be very sure that the water
question will be a big issue in the next
municipal campaign if the present Board
of Supervisors refuse our petition to place
the matter before the people in the way
provided by law, and that it will not be a
dead issue by any means.
"No; I do not think the Union for Prac
tical Progress will favor an independent
municipal ticket for this purpose alone. I
think it will be better to work upon the
material afforded us by the existing par
ties. We will go to their supervisoral can
didates and request them to sign our
water-works pledge.
"The names of those who sign will be
indorsed by the Union and their election
advocated. We won't rest there. We will
go on ana defeat those who refuse to sign
the pledge. We will carry on an active
campaign for that one purpose, and we
will prepare such a straightforward and
simple pledge that those who sign it will
not dare to break it when the time comes
for action. Ob, we are not fearing for the
success of the municipal : water system
plan. That is coming very surely and not
so slowly as some people would like to
have it and those who do not know what
keen interest is taken in it think it will."
WILL USE NATIVE STONE
Sculptor Marlon Wells Must Finish the
City Hall Statue Within
Two Weeks.
Unless F. Marion Wells, the sculptor
who was given the contract to furnish the
statue to surmount the dome of the City
Hall, finish his work within two weeks he
will be taxed $50 by the City Hall Com
missioners for every day that he delays be
yond that time.
When the sculptor asked for an exten
sion yesterday, both Auditor Broderick
and City and County Attorney Creswell
rose in their wrath and declared that they
were tired of delay, and would insist on
the work being finished at once. Finally
however, they were prevailed upon to
grant two weeks on the conditions named.
The floor of the dome then came in for
discussion, and City and' County Attorney
Creswell proposed that the accepted de
sign of a.star be changed to a bear, out his
ideas did not suit the Auditor, and the
original plan was adhered to.
The wainscoting of the dome was dis
cussed at length, and it was decided to use
only California material in spite of , the
fact that Eastern stone could be procured
at a cheaper rate. The matter of selecting
the stone was left in the hands of Archi
tect Shea. .- ,
CALIFORNIA-MADE ROPE.
A Demand That the Harbor Commis
sioners Use It on All State Boats.
The officers of i the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association recently discov
ered that the rope and cordage used on the
State tugs and dredgers are of Eastern
make. In order to have the money spent
for these necessaries expended in this
State the following letter was written yes
terday:
To the Honorable the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners Gentlemen:. Information has
reached this otlice that the rope used on the
State dredgers, tugs, etc., which is purchased
by your honorable board is of Eastern manu
facture, and we would therefore call your at
tention to the fact that there is manufactured
in California rope of as good quality, guaran
teed, as is manufactured- anywhere in the
United States, and at equally low, if not lower,
prices. An investigation of the relative merits
of rope manufactured in * California and rope
manufactured In the Eastern Stages we are
certain will prove to your entire satisfaction
that the California article is at least equal in
both quality and price, and jwe believe that
when you are satisfied that such is the case
there will be no : more purchases of Eastern
made rope by, your honorable board. We
would, therefore, most respectfully ' request
that you do investigate the matter, and if you
find that California rope is manufactured ea'ual
in quality and price with the Eastern-made
article we beg that you will give the prefer
ence to the California manufacture, thus help
ing to foster and build up one of the industries
of California and keeping in circulation at
home moneys ; that would otherwise go East.
Fred H. Dingle, Assistant Secretary.
All Agree. . .
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, China ware, Glassware and
•!<■>■•; - Tinware - . ,
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
■; - Very '■■■ Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap • Prices. y
62 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
• BRANCH STORES ; EVERYWHERE.
■y "_ _'.____'_ NEW TO-DAY. .
nr 1 on nnrw rj inni/toi
WASHDRBSSPABMCS!
11 11L/1J JL/IIUUU 1 111/lllvUi
SPRING- 1896
We take pleasure in calling the attention
of the public to our elegant assortment of
NEW COTTON WASH DRESS FABRICS
which we have just opened. We have never
shown better styles and the prices are ex-
ceedingly low.
20 cases 36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES (Light and Dark
Colorings) - - Price 121 c a yard
15 cases 28-INCH PRINTED DUCKS (all new patterns)
------------ price 121 c a yard
6 cases 32-INCH SCOTCH ZEPHYRS - - Price 20c a yard
10 cases 27-INCH TOILLE DU NORD GINGHAMS - -
------------ Price 10c a yard
5 cases 32-INCH PRINTED IRISH DIMITY (all new de-
signs) -- - - Price 25c a yard
2 cases 32-INCH FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES (ele-
gant designs) Price 40c a yard
1 case 31-INCH COLORED DOTTED SWISS (assorted
colors) - -.- - Price 50c a yard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
100 pieces 36-INCH SILK STRIPED TENNIS FLANNEL
40c a Yard
Write for Samples of Above Goods.
{Qt&MMaO^
ill, 118 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
STREETCAR TRANSFERS
The Merchants' Association Re
plies to Manager Vining's
Refusal.
An Unkept Pledge Relative to Carry
ing Passengers on Kearny
Street.
The Merchants' Association is anything
but pleased with the action of the Market
street Cable Company in refusing to com
ply with the request to issue transfers at
certain points along its lines. The mer
chants are particularly desirous of having
transfers issued to and from the Kearny
street electric line to cars running to the
Mission.
Several months ago the Merchants' As
sociation sent a special committee consist
ing of A. S. Baldwin, C. A. Benedict, S.
W. Dixon, F. W. Dohrmann, John Farn
ham, A. S. Hallidie, H. Hart, H. D. Keil,
M. S. Kohlberg. Frank Maskey, Frank A.
Swain, H. Taylor, George "D. Toy, W.
G. Doane and J. Richard Freud (secretary)
to interview General Manager E. P. Vin
ing. At that interview the committee
made Known the requests of the associa
tion, which voiced the wishes of every
merchant on Kearny street and every resi
dent at North Beach. Mr. Vining raised
the objection that the issuance of transfers
is already sadly abused by the public
through the traffic in passes at the present
terminal points. He suggested that the
association cause the Supervisors to pass a
law making the traffic in transfers illegal.
In oraer to gain time Mr. Vining asked
that the committee present its request in
: writing, which was none a week later. On
the 12th inst. > the general manager
answered the letter at length, giving rea
sons and excuses why the request could
not be complied with. As stated, the re
fusal did not please the members of the
association, and as an invitation was ex
tended by Vining to further continue the
discussion of the matter the special com
mittee did not let the subject drop.
Yesterday morning the committee met
and all were present except Mr. Doane.
Mr. Vining's letter of refusal was carefully
considered and the following answer
made, which was forwarded at once:
San Francisco. Feb. 18, 1896.
E. P. Vining, Esq., General Manager Market-
Street Hail-way Company— Dear Sir: Your reply
of the 12th inst. to our communication of the
20th ult. addressed to the board of directors
of the Market-street Railway 'Company rela
tive to streetcar transfers has been received,
and its contents carefully noted.
We fully agree with you, as to the superior
advantages afforded by the excellent street
car transfer system of San Francisco: and we
believe that: its benefits are appreciated by
this community. Furthermore, it is indis
putable that the traffic in transfers is not only
wrong in principle, but also demoralizing iv
its effects. Tnis illegitimate traffic should cer
tainly be stopped. •
The main point, however, in our communi
cation was that in granting transfer privileges
no special discrimination should exist against
Kearny street. We respectfully contend that
similar transfer privileges should be given to
the patrons of the Kearny-street electric lines
as are now enjoyed on parallel lines. It does
not seem equitable, even under existing con
ditions, that Kearny street, which heretofore
has been the leading retail business street
of this City, should now be entirely deprived
of transfer privileges. Nor do we think that
it such transfer privileges were granted to
Kearny street- it would materially aggravate
the consequences of the traffic in transfers of
which you rightfully complain. '
At any rate we feel that the Market-street
Railway Company should at least restore the
transfer privilege from the Mission to North
Beach and vice versa, that existed before the
electric line was introduced. It is stated by
one of our members, Mr. Frank Maskey, that
definite promises were made to him by parties
claiming to represent your company that the
transfer privilege would be continued on
Kearny street, provided; the electric system
was allowed on that street. Thereupon lie
and others assisted in- securing the consent of
the . property-owners .. and ; merchants along
Kearny street to the proposed change in the
car system upon that thoroughfare, and the
restraining injunction was xhsu withdrawn.
If such premises were made by parties un
authorized by your company the fact still re
mains that such assurances were naturally
implied that the previous transfer system
would be continued on Kearny street when
the change to the electric line was completed.
When lines operating from Kearny up to
Pacific and Broadway to Mason, along Mason
to Xorth Beach, were stopped and a material
saving was effected thereby, the transfer priv
ileges, which were previously enjoyed by the
locality in question and which had become, as
it were, part of the value of the property and
of the business houses on this street, were
taken away without explanation or compensa
tion therefor. Under these circumstance* we
are firmly convinced that your company
should at once restore to Kearny street the
transfer privileges both ways from the Mission
to Xorth Beach, as previously enjoyed by that
•thoroughfare.
With reference to the other transfers men
tioned in our communication we will be glad
to confer with you further, and in that con
nection assist in having the traffic in transfers
legally abolished.
The following statement appears in your
communication : "Viewed from our standpoint,
this proposition Involves the unfortunate
feature of placing this company under a per
petual obligation to grant year after year cer
tain concessions of a nature which have not
been imposed upon any street-railway com
pany anywhere, by the laws of this community
or any other, and this notwithstanding the
fact that experience may prove these conces
sions to be exceedingly disastrous to our inter
ests." We cannot understand how you arrive
at the conclusions stated in the foregoing
paragraph. It is not clear to us how it follows
from the simple proposition submitted in our
communication that your company will be
placed "under a perpetual obligation to grant
certain concessions year after year." . .
We should like very much to have this ex
plained to us, as well as your assertion that
the request in our communication for transfer
privileges heretofore existing along Kearny
street will bind your company perpetually
and irretrievably to a policy the results of
which are so uncertain.
WELL-KNOWN TEACHER DEAD.
Passing of One of the Most Valued
Instructors in the Department.
Miss Theresa Almira Flint, who for
thirty years past has been one of the most
valued employes of the School Depart
ment, died on Monday after an illness of
some duration. During almost her entire
connection with the department Miss
Flint was in charge of classes in the Den
man School, where she displayed rare
talents.
Few teachers in the schools enjoyed the
confidence of the Board of Education to a
greater extent than did Miss Flint, and
her death is mourned by a large circle of
friends and acquaintances.
NEW TO-DAT.'
pi j-fTcto
■RJ' EXTRA
EP. "'"■
111 Bouri)9n
has been
flU'i^wA a staple
y-y*Bi WfflftiiJlfii f am^y and
p_=sg| medicinal
«CVTl_i whiskey
>* EXTRA f or a
rfiv.P^Bj IJjjf quarter-
T* vw vl Hy*
y&M/ I century.
ySj R MARTIN
P...— ..<«w~-._vt.»^-J & G>C3.
[2811 411 Market St..
fiyiw [bmij^J Kan Francisco,