VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 173.
AWAITING THE ENTRY OF THE CZAR
Moscow Thronged by Faithful Subjects of
the Second Nicholas.
LEGIONS READY TO PAY
HOMAGE.
The Young Ruler and the Czarina
Pass Through the City's
Gates To-Day.
THEIR ESCORT THE FLOWER OF
RUSSIA'S ARMY.
Nearly a Million Pilgrims Journey
Long Distances to Attend the
Coronation.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 20.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from St.
Petersburg says: To-morrow U the gr^at
day of tr.e solemn entry of the Czar and
Czarina into Moscow. So far their im
perial majesties have been outside of the
city, at the Petrofsky Palace. They have
as yet received no welcome from the city
of Moscow itself.
The morning procession is the popular
one. The coronation ittelf may be more
imposing, br.t so very few see it that in '
the main the people look forward to the !
solemn entry more than to all else.
Of the people, let it be stated, to give an
idea — faint one, even — of their multitude,
that somewhere about 800,000 have come,
some from enormous distances, and by
road to see the sight, thousands of whom i
are content to camp in any open space
available. They venerate the Czar. If
they catch a glimpse of him in the
distance — and there are few of them who
do more— they will be perfectly satisfied.
To them the gilt carriages of the pro
cession are of massive gold. To them the
gilt cupolas which rise in their hundreds
of hundreds in this city are of solid gold.
Early to-morrow morning the entire
Tverskaia will be crowded and the people
will meet with saintly patience for de
velopments, with that patience which none
but a true Russian crowd can display.
All toe troops will be out. They will form
one solid line on either side of the
space where the procession is jo pass from
the Petrof«)cy palace to the Kremlin.
For weeks the military have been pour
ing into Moscow, from Warsaw, from St.
Petersburg, etc., whence at one time six
teen extra military trains wese running
daiiy. The troops, roughly speaking,
gathered together at Moscow consist of
eighty-three and a half battalions, thirty
six squadrons of cavalry, seven Cossack
Sotnias, and artillery, with 120 rieldpieces.
In addition to these there are the guard
regiments, which are not counted among
the ordinary troops. These latter include
a section of the special guard of mounted
police, two battalions of the First and Sec
ond divisions, Infantry of the Guard,
which together form a temporary special
division, also three regiments-composed of
the sweral-regiments of -the Third Dmsion
of the Infantry Guard and »be reserves of
fb« § card.
It may be added, while on the subject of j
troops, that there has always been shown i
among all divisions of the army i
the greatest desire to be present !
at the cora-nation ceremony, and in
order to satisfy as much as possible
that desire men and officers are drawn
from all the regiments which are within
distance and they arrange it by Jots or
otherwise as to those who shall be present. !
There are advantages fiu*nc4ally which
officers derive from attending the corona
tion.
In addition to the soldiery there are not
It*.? than 63,000 police, an eoo»moa9 num
ber of nhieh have beer, drafted ftotn other :
cities— St Petersburg, Wilna, Novgorod f
and Warsaw. It may be mentioned that )
this enormous mass of police includes »
those of the secret police and the unofficial i
police, the drilled dvornicks, or house
portare, who are brought into service for ;
each occasion*.
These are : many reasons wbf bach »
The San Francisco Call.
large force of police is necessary. Of the
great mass of people in Moscow at the
present time there is not a single mortal
who has not had to show papers and give
some account of his or her presence. This
of itself, when you consider that the town
has quite doubled its population, is a
matter which causes voluminous work.
JEALOUSY AND DESPERATION.
A Chicago Woman Settles a Pending
Divorce Suit by Taking Five Shots
at Her Husband.
CHICAGO, 111.. May 20.-Dr. Thomas
Renn, a prominent phy ? ician. whose home
is at 227 Townsend street, was shot and
dangerou.-ly wounded today by his wife
at Elm and Townsend street?. She lay in
wait for him to come from his office and
after a few words had parsed she drew a
rev iver from her dre-s. She fired two
buliets, both entering the doctor's head.
When he fell the enraged woman fired
; three more shots, one of which pierced the
prostrate husband's leg. Then she ran
and escaped. The couple separated a year
ago and a divorce suit is pending. Mrs.
Renn is accused of being jealous and sus
i picious, while she charges her husband's
family with bringing about the separation,
after the doctor had fallen heir to $35,000
and graduated a year ago. Mrs. Renn had
also been beaten in real estate litigation
following the separation. Each is 25 years
: old.
The doctor's recovery is doubtful.
A TRIPLE EXECUTION.
Father and Son in the Trio — The Hanging
Witnessed by Twenty Thousand
People of Texas. «
BRENHAM. Tex.. May 80.— John Ruth
erford and his son, Hrody Rutherford, and
Joe Goodser were executed in the presence
of 20,000 persons. haJf a miie east of here,
to-day, for the murder of Thoma* Dwyer.
on January 29. They were taken from the
jail at 1 o'clock and carried to tbe scaffold
under a heavy guard. The drop fell at
PART OF THE ; FANTASTIC CORTEGE WHICH FORMS A PART OF THE I CZAR'S
.. CORONATION CEREMONIALS AT MOSCOW.
itcjtrvixurd-/mtm the L»nd*m "Grmphic."
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, MAY 21, 1896.
2:10 and all of their necks were broken.
They were cut down in twenty-nve min
utes.
They all protested their innocence to
the end and declared that they were going
straight to heaven.
VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY
Official Celebration of the Event at Eng
land's Capital.
LONDON, Eng., May 20.— The Queen's
birthday was officially celebrated in Lon
don to-day. The Prince of Wales, the
Duke of Cambridge and Geneial Lord
Wolsetoy attended a military parade at
Whitehall this afternoon, and a number
of official dinners in honor of the occasion
were given to-night. Lord Salisbury gave
a dinner to the diplomatic corps.
MRS. MAYBRICK`S CASE
Little Hope of the Unfortunate
Woman Securing a
Pardon.
Queen Victoria Is Prejudiced Against
the Prisoner and Will Not
Extend Clemency.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 20.— A dis
j ratch from London says: The recent ex
! traordinary and unprecedented statement
j made a few nights ago in the House of
j Commons by Home Secretary Ridley to
the effect that Baron Russell, Lord Chief
Justice of all England, had intimated to
him in a recent letter tnat a ••person"
now undergoing life imprisonment for
murder was innocent and should be re
leased—the 'person" in question being
Mrs. Florence May brick— but that, not
withstanding this representation, he was
satisfied of the woman's guilt and would
refuse to appoint a commits on of inquiry,
ha? had the effect of directing renewed at
tention to this remarkable ca-e.
The situation in a nutshell is that
i Queen Victoria is thoroughly familiar
j with the evidence in the Maybrick case.
j having been furnished at her own request
| with an abstract of the testimony; that
; the evidence showing that Mrs. Maybrick
i had an intrigue with a lover during the
period of her husband's mysterious ill
ness produced a profound impression on
the mind of the Queen, whose views on
domestic morality are so strict that she
will not even allow a woman who has pro
cured a divorce from her husband to be
presented at the court, and that she has
consequently formed a , conclusion un
favorable to the prisoner that will not be
removed in her lifetime.
It is a fact known to those whose official
duties bring them the most close to the
court, tbat Queen Victoria intimated to
Hon Herbert Henry Asquith, who was
Home Secretary of State in Lord Rosebery's
Cabinet, and has since intimated to Sir
Matthew White Ridley,' who occupies the
same position in the present Cabinet, that
under no circumstances would she receive
or consider ony memorial in favor of. the
release of Mrs. M.iybrick or a commuta
tion of her sentence, and in his emphatic
declaration concerning the letter of the
Lord Chief Justice, Sir Matthew Ridley
was but carrying ont the expressed will of
the sovereign. '
BATTLED WITH REBELS.
Thirty Insurgents Alain by a lietach.
tnmt of Japanese. Soldiers.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 20.— News of
fresh trouble between Japanese troops and
Korean insur^erts has been received on
the steamship Empress of India from
China and Japan I It having been
reported that the insurgents were assem
bling at Kirn Ilai Fu a detachment of
Japanese troops stationed not far distant
from that place proceeded on April _'l to
ascertain if there was any truth in the re
port.
At Eight of the Japanese, the rebels,
about eighty strong, opened fire. The
Japanese retaliated, but the insurgents
were re-t-nforted by some 300 more, and it
seemed as if the little party of Japanese
were doomed. Fortunately one of the
soldiers escaped and informed Captain
Tauakos, detached at Eiho. Thirty sol
diers were sent to relieve their comrades.
On the arrival of the re-enforcements the
rebels dispersed, leaving thirty dead be
hind them.
It is still dangerous for Japanese to ap>
proach the coast of Kane Wai Do since
the murder of Japanese in that province,
and 115 fishing-boats have assembled at
Fu San. Rebels at various places in
Chung Chong Do have not dispersed, and
pettce has been temporarily restored.
POUND IN A AWAMP
Pitiable Plight of a Madman Who Bad
Attempted Double .Murder. '
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., May 20.—Yes
terday Chor.e- H. Otis, who attempted to
kill bis wife and sister-in-law on Sunday
last, was oapiured in a«wamp*obout a half
mile from his father's house. Otis pre
sented a pitiable appearance. He was
weak from loss of blood and a gaping
wound on the left side of his neck showed
tbat be had made * desperate effort to
take bis life. He also had a bad cut on
■his left arm ana hie head was badly
bruieed, where be bad butted it apainst
trees to end hi« existence. He will be
•taken to the insane asylum ac Concord to
kday. '■-;; 'r:" : -.-.'-'-?."^j« :- : .-.. : Vri'-n
.< Hmilraad for Korea.
WASHKW3TON, D. C, May John
M. B. Sill, United States Minister to
Korea, has-jworted to the Plate Depart
-n*e<M tiiart-a concession to build, operate
ana maintain a raWroad between Seoul,
(the capital, and Oberauk>o, its seaport,
■i ».* been granted . James R. Morse, for an
American syndicate. , Mr. Sill saye the
Japanese Government put no difficulties
in the way of the scheme and through its
foreign officers Indicated to Mr. Morse's
friends its witting nees that the concession
should fail to on American syndicate.
Condition of the Tremsitry.
WASHINGTON,' D. C. May 20— The
.treasury cold reserve at the ciose of busi
' ness to-day stood at 570,366. The
! day's withdrawals were $640, of wiiioh
•$500,490 was for export.
THE POISONERS
AT PRETORIA
Sir Hercules Robinson on
the Reformers' Heavy
Sentences.
ONLY A MATTER OF FORM
The Governor Thinks They Will
Not Be Put Into
Effect.
MIXOK OFFENDERS PARrONED.
Short Term 3 Must Be Served by
Some Before Clemency Will
Be Considered.
LONDON, Eng., May 20.— A dispatch
from Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of
Cape Colony, has been received by the
Government, in which it is announced
that the Transvaal authorities have
reached a decision in the cases of fifty-nine
members of the Reform Union, who were
recently convicted in connection with the
conspiracy against the South African Re
pnblie, and were sentenced to imprison
ment, fine and banishment.
A number of these prisoners will be re
leased immediately and others will be
piven their freedom at the expiration of
three mouths, wnile a part of those still
remaining in custody will be allowed to
renew their requests for a cancellation of
their sentences after five months shall
have elarsed, and four of the condemned
men will be given the same privilege at the
end of a year from the date of their sen
tences.
That portion of the jnd^ment of the
court imposing a fine upon the convicted
men will stand, but the banishment clause
will be suspended provided the prisoners
give their word of honor not to interfere
in future in politics of the republic. The
names of the prisoners whose sentences
have thus been reduced are at present
kept secret-
As regards Colonel Frank W. Rhodes,
Lionel Phillips, George Farrar and John
Hays Hammond, the leaders of the Re
form Committee who were condemned to
death for high treason against the Trans
vaal, Governor Robinson's dispatch says
their sentences have b*»en commuted to
fifteen years' imprisonment, with a pro
vision for their future commutation. These
cases will be considered by the Executive
Council of the Transvaal next week.
Governor Robinson further states that
he learns that the commutation of the
sentences of the four leaders in the reform
movement to imprisonment for fifteen
years vras merely a matter of form, as it
wa3 necessary to impose euch a sentence
upon the prisoners immediately, and that
the sentence will probably not be put into
effect.
The Government has received the names
of the prisoners whose sentences have
been commuted. The men who are to be
released at once are nine in number.
Among them are the Americans H. J.
King, Captain Mem and Butters. Those
who are to be released after three months
number twenty-four and include F. R
Ingraham, an American. Among eighteen
who are to serve rive months before being
allowed to renew their requests for their
release are the American? V. B. Clement
and J. W. Leonard. The four who are to
sprve a year include Hammond and S. W.
Jameson, brother of Dr. Jameson.
NOT CONFIRMED
The Hritish Colonial Office Is Silent on
the Subject.
LONDON. Eng., May 20.— N0 confirma
tion can be obtained at the Colonial Office
of the Pretoria dispatch published in the
Times this morning that the Executive
Council of the Transvaal has decided that
Colonel Frank W. Rhodes, brother of Cecil
Rhodes, Lionel Phillips, George Farrar
and John Hays Hammond, the leaders of
the Johannesburg Reform Committee.who
were sentenced to death for high treason
against the Transvaal, but whose sentences
were commuted, shall serve terms of fif
teen years' imprisonment each.
It is reported in London to-day that
President Kruger has granted pardons to
fifty-nine of the minor offenders.
WOMEN AS WHITECAPS
Female Vigilantes in Kentucky
Wreck a "Moonshine
Stiß."
Its Owners Are Put to Fight and
the Beer and Whisky Casks
Overturned.
RINDMAS, Kt., May 20.— The first
band of women whitecapsrn th« history of,
this<or»ntry m-ade itself known here last
Friday night. Moses Maggord toad sold
his farm and purchased a small track of
land on a creek on M>e road leading to
Prestonbnrg, and had set up a moonshine
still or "blind tiger." H-e had placed the
business in the hands of Jnrnes Root, who
was doing a thriving business with the
young men of this and Floyd counties.
The women of the neigh Dorhood fre
quently, sent .. signed . petitions . requesting
Root to close up the place, but be laughed
at them. They then threatened to burn
bis place, but he said this plan was imprac
ticable, because there was nothing to bam.
The women finaUy decided to destroy
the still- Last Friday fifty of them con
gregated on the banks of the creek. They
carried rifles. - A number of young men
who had heard of the proposed - raid were
on hand to see the fun. The women ad
vanced upon the place : and -. fired their,
rifles. : The young men took to their heels,
as did the proprietor. All the woiajfcy and
beer was spilled, the barrels being chopped
with axes. The still v.as wrecked.
RENOUNCES THE DISCIPLINE.
So_J>±_Ji:itHU'l f.i. ■'.■•>■■/ h'u'.l.r R -ji.;m
a Pastorate.
BOSTON, Mas?., May 20.— Rev. Samuel
Richard Fuller, rector of St. Paul's Church
in Maiden for several years, refuses to
accept the sentence imposed. In a letter
to Bishop Lawrence he says:
"I insist upon my pood faith in every
step taken by me, and upon the innocence
of wrong, intended or committed, toward
the church or toward any individual.
Therefore I cannot submit to any condem
natory or disciplinary sentence whatsoever
without doing violence to my conscious
ness of integrity. Accordingly I resign
my ministry in the Protestant Episcopal
church, and herewith, as in its canons
provided, declare to you to writing niv re
nunciation of said ministry in said church
and demand imrne<iiate deposition there
from for the reason that I do hereby
abandon and renounce the discipline of
said church."
MISSION OF THE BERMUDA.
One of Its Passengers Writes That the
Steamer Is Loading JFruit.
CAMPKX, N. J.. May 20,-inirrogate
West, whose son, Hayden A. West, is a
passenger on the alleged filibustering
steamer Bermuda, which left the United
States several weeks ago, received a letter
from hi? son to-day, which was dated
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, May 11.
In his letter to his parents he stated that
he had just arrived at the above-named
port after a fine voyage. He stated that
he would be home in about two weeks, and
asked his parents not to be alarmed about
new-paper reports about the Bermuda, as
the vessel was all right and the steamer
would load fruit for the Hart Company.
HORROR OF SPANISH RULE
Dr. Diaz and Correspondent Law
rence Tell of Atrocities
in Cuba.
Women and Children Imprisoned as
Sympathizers With the Island
Patriots.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 20.— Dr.
Albert Diaz and Correspondent Frederick
W. Lawrence of the New York Journal and
San Francisco Examiner, who were ex
pelled from Cuba, were before the Foreign
Relations Committee this afternoon. Dr.
Diaz's testimony referred principally to
the atrocity of Spanish rule in the island.
He compared from personal experience the
insurgent and Spanish methods of war
fare, sreatly to the advantage of the
Cubans.
Among other incidents, he mentioned
the long imprisonment of a lady in Havana
whose only offense was being suspected of
sympathy with the irsurrpnt r.ause, and
the liuj : :*onment of children as "rebel
sympathizers." Hi« details were in full
accord with hundreds of others about the
results of Spanish war measures in the
island and he begeed Congress, for hu
manity's and civilization's sake, to stop
the existing evils.
NOT A RETALIATORY MEASURE.
Senor De Lome on the Order Prohibiting
lobaeco Exportation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— Senor
Dupuy de Lome, the Spanish Minister,
declares that the order prohibiting the
export of tobacco from Cuba is misrepre
sented in dispatches attributing it to Gen
eral "Weyler as a retaliatory measure
against insurgent sympathizers in this
country.
He says that it is not apolitical measure
in any sense, but was adopted by the Gov
ernment at Madrid after serious consider
ation to meet an economic necessity; that
the Government for a long time delayed
taking action because of the injury to
commerce, but was driven to the step by
the fact that, without it, over 15,000 cigar
makers in Havana would soon be thrown
out of work for lack of raw material, and
50,000 to 60,000 women and children de
pendent on them would be in danger of
starvation.
The Minister disavows Spanish re
sponsibility for the conditions which have
forced the decree. He says the tobacco
crop has been destroyed by Maceo's forces
during their long stay and numerous raid;
in the western part of the island; that the
royal troops have injured no property, and
that the indiscriminate destruction of the
crop is to be laid wholly at the doors of
the insurgents.
Senor Dupuy de Lome says that Spain
has been frequently importuned for the
past year to stop the tobacco exports,
which gave employment to the chief con
tributors of the insurgents in this country,
but the petitions were steadfastly refused.
He declares that there are as many cigar
makers in Tampa to-day who are loyal to
Spain as there are insurgent supporters,
but that all most suffer alike to avoid
more serious consequences mi Havana.
The prohibition, he contends, is exactly
of the same nature as if the United States
were compelled to stop the exportation of
cereals from this country in time of famine
or great industrial depression. He is in
formed that there is as much Cuban to
bacco now in this country as in Cuba, and
that the hardship here will not be as great
as was at first supposed. At &i,y raw, be
claims, Spain was left uo artrrßafive in the
matter.
Apartment of the Old Czars, in Which the Imperial Family Had- Tea on the ■«•
of tfce Coronation of Ale-zander 111.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
HUSE OWNS THE
DOMINGUEZ TRACT
Claims of the Aged Jurist
Seemingly Proved by
the Records.
GRANTED BY CONGRESS
Title to Forty Square Leagues
Vested in the Highland
Patient.
ATTORNEY GALLARDO'3 FIND.
Documents That Will, He Declares,
Establish His Friend's Right
to Millions.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 20.—
; During the recent examination of Judge
• Charles Huso of Santa Barbara, seeking
j release from the San Bernardino Insane
j Asylum, Judge Otis, in passing upon the
evidence, specifically named, among tha
delusions of Judge Huse, the idea that ha
possessed important property interests in
; this and Ventura counties. Attorney
; GaL'ardo's search in the Hall of Records
of this county has already developed some
; important facts, and it seems that the old
! man is in a fair way to establish the
truth of his assertions and the validity of
I his claims in one or more instances.
In 1*44 Pio Pico, then Governor ad in
terim of the State, granted to Jo?e Domin
guez a great tract of land, comprising
seine forty square leagues and taking in
the entire coast valley from Carpenteria to
• the Old Mission and back to the San
' Rafael range, inclosing the whole of what
are now Summerland and Monteoito and a
'. goodly part of Carpenteria, with all the in
: tervening lands.
In 18-51 Congress established a land com
: mission, belore which all such grants
\ should be taken for approval, a time limit
lof three years being set. Dominguez
neglected to present his claim within the
! appointed period, believing that his title
' was perfectly clear, and afterward sold the
; title to Thomas Chabasco, who transferred
it to Felipe Arrellanes. He in 1556 sold
it to Judge Huse, the latter paying its
: fair market value at that time.
Ten years later Congress passed sn act
j continuing to Dominguez the entire claim,
upon Judge Huse's petition. Afterward
: the Surveyor-General of California, Mr.
I Gallardo claims, disregarded this decree
j of a higher power, arbitrarily limited the
j tract to eleven leagues and refused to issue
' a patent for more than thirty-three square
. miles. It is claimed that an appeal to
j Congress must necessarily result in the
I extension of this survey, as there have
i been precedents for su:h a decision.
The eleven leaeues already surveyed and
1 to which Judge Huse's title was confirmed
by the State, were niortga.ed to '.he late
Alexander Montgomery of San Francisco,
I and forecioseJ ; but as the time for their
| lesal redemption passed by while the
! Judge was incarcerated in the asylum, it
j is claimed that the bar against the re
; dempiion after a certain period becomes
inoperative in his case.
Attorney Gallardo has unOiminished
confidence iv the strength of his case and
it bids fair to become one of the most cele
brated in modern litigation. The Monte
i cito property alone is now valued at many
' millions and contains valuable improve
ments, having upon it the costly resi
i dences of such men as R. Radeliffe W.ite
| head, I. K. Waterman, A. B. Ogilvie,
. George Earnscliffe, Charles F. Eaton, P..
Blair Thaw, E. H. Sawyer, Thomas Ma
' gee, the Hayne homestead. Miss Everiys
, beautiful home and countless others.
The attorney scarcely takes into account
the advanced years of the men who are
undertaking to establish the claim to this
valuable property and the enormous re
sistance which will be aroused if it ever
gets either into the courts or into the Na
tional halls of legislation. The most that
could be hoped for would probably be to
establish a shadow upon titles which it
would require a small fee to release.
FRESNO JAIL BREAK.
Tteo loung Prisoners Escape but Are
Soon Recaptured.
FBESNO, Cal., May 20.— John Grady
and Charles Chenoweth to-day broke jail
and were captured five hours later while
making for the mountains. They are 14
years old, and are charged with burglary.
The boys crawled through a wiefcet door
while the jailer's back was turned. They
had been let into the corridor for exercise,
and when the cook unlocked a small
m cket door to pass dinner into the jail for
the prisoners, the boys made their escape.
A. N. Grady, the father of one of the boys,
captured them six miles from Fresno and
returned tliem to jail.2
RECENT EVENTS
IN THE ORIENT
Americans Obtain Import
ant Concessions in
Korea.
JAPANESE ENTERPRISE.
Two New Steamship Lines for
the Growing Trade With
This Country.
EAGEB TO LOAN THEIR MONEY.
European Nations Sparring for the
Pr.vilege of Assisting China
Ficancially.
TGICIO, Japan, May 6.— Competition is
keen among foreign projectors of railways
in Korea. An American syndicate baring
set the example by obtaining a concession
to build a rood from Seoul to Chemulpo —
the most paying route of all — French cap
italists, tacked by Russian influence, are
seeking a similar concession for the line
between Seoul and Gensan, while Japan
ese merchants are «. ffering to build a road
from Seoul to Fusan, where t^eir principal
settlement is.
Maritime enterprise attracts much atten
tion in Japan at present. A company has
been formed for the purpose of establish
ing a line of steamers from Japan to
America and B.Uoum, the idea being to
cut into the petroleum- carrying trade.
The importation of kerosene to Japan
now represents a value of 5,000,000 yen
annually in round numbers. Another
company has been organized to run a
service of steamers irom Japan to Port
land. There is talk of amalgamating the
two companies. Their united capital
would be 6,500,000 yen.
The details of the negotiations carried
on in Pekin for China's second loan of 100,
-000,000 taels show that in the end England
and Germany were united against France
and Russia. The loan had been distinctly
promised to England by the Chinese Gov
ernment, but the terms offered by the
Hongkong and Shanghai Bank, on behalf
of itself, tde Deutsch-A>ia:ische Bank and
a London syndicate headed by the Roths
chilis, were neither liberal nor rirm— a 5-per
cent loan at a minimum price of 89Vj, the
bank to receive 5 per ivnt commission and
th ■ < cinese to reap the full benefit of any
bub>e:iptiun over and above 89} i. Seeing
that the 4-per-cent loan made by Russia
and Japan had been at 92, the Chinese
thought this Anglo-German offer too
dear. But tue bank would make no re
duction. At last negotiations were broken
off, and the Tsung-li Yamen found itself
inundated with proposals from other
quarters, among them being an American
offer of a silver loan in terms of gold at a
fixed ratio.
The most favorable proposal, however,
came from France, backed by Russia, and
it might have been accepted had not the
Emperor and Empress Dowager, despite the
urging of Li Hung Chang, objected to
pledging China raora deeply to France,
and had not the proposal been accom
panied by irksome conditions; for ex
ample, that the control of the customs,
the revenues from which constitute the
security for the loan, thould be placed in
French bands, and that the work oi build
ing railways in the southern provinces of
China should be intrusted to France. At
the eleventh hour, Sir Robert Hart, In
spector-General of Customs, was called in.
He induced the bank to make a firm offer
of a 5 per cent loan at 94, the bank paying
itself out of the subscriptions over and
above the minimum issue price.
German statesmen have not much rea
«on to congratulate themselves In con
nection with their doings in the Far East
during the past year. Germany joined
witb France and Russia to recover Liao
tung from Japan, the avowed object of the
combination beir:g to secure the inde
pendence of Korea, menaced, as was al
leged, by a Japanese occupation of the
Liaotung peninsula and of the northern
littoral of the Yellow Sea. The tirst re
sult of the combination was that France
and Russia leagued together, to the ex
clusion of Germany, for the purpose of
procuring the political reversion of China's
estate, the second result was tbat Japan,
being paralyzed for separate action in
Korea, Russia stepped iv and obtained in
the peninsula a footing that certainly
does not strengthen the prospects of its
independence. The third result is that
Germany now finds herself joining hands
with England to combat the political im
portance tbat France and Russia acquired
in China chiefly owing to the co-operation
of Germany herself.
The Korean officials, members of the
recently overthrown Government, who
were for some time under trial for com
plicity in the murder of the Queen, have
been sentenced, one to death, four to exile
for life, and others to exile for terms rang
ing from one to nfteen years. The court
in its judgment states distinctly that the
murder was perpetrated by Japanese.
Now wht-n the Japanese suspects were
under trial at Hiroshima, every effort was
made through the Korean Government to
obtain proof of their guilt. Nevertheless,
they had to be discharged for want of
sufficient evidence Hence the Korean
court's oven assumption of their guilt and
the Korean Government's indorsement of
the finding raise a very delicate question.
Li Pom-chin, the bead and front of the
Government that came into power in
Korea after the flight of the King to the
Russian Legation, has retired from the
leadership of the Cabinet and accepted va
rious sinecures conferred on him by hia
sovereign. Apparently his tenure of office
had ouly one object, revenge upon the po
litical fees of himself and the conservative
party. That accomplished, he does not
care to brave the assassin's sword, by which
every Korean statesman who uses the
sword for bis own purposes is threatened.
The journals of the Opposition in Japan
do not approve the idea of an entente be
tween Russia and Japan for the purpose of
preserving order in Korea. They foresee
that Russia will gradually get the upper
hand and will elbow her ally oat of the
peninsula altogether. But until the de
tails of the understanding are known these
criticisms possess little value.
A lank of Beer Spoiled.
HOUGHTON, Mich.. May 20.— Anton
Funk, a middle-aged German brewer, at
tempted suicide yesterday by throwing
himself into a beer tank in Hans' Brewery,
lie was rescued in time for resuscitation,
and probably will recover. The beer,
sixty barrels, was withdrawn from the
market
TO RESTRICT IMMIGRATION.
The Houae Faaaea the SlcCall Educa
tional Teat Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
House disposed of the immigration ques
tion to-day by paasir.g the McCall educa
tional test bill, together with the "Corliss
bill, intended to protect the lake cities
from Canadian competion. The latter was
Bgreed to— l2l to 45 — and the amended bill
was passed— l9s to 26. A record of the
vote by ayes and no.-s was refused, only
thirty-six members rising to second the
demand by Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachu
setts therefor.
The consular inspection bill proposed by
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania was re
jected—7s to 131. He, too, was unable to
get a vote of record.
The debate on the question was partici
pated in by Wilson (i).) of South Caro
lina and Danforth (R.) of Ohio, in support
of all the bills; by McCall of Massachu
setts and Barthofdt (R.) of Missouri, in
support of the educational test bill, and
by Mahany (R.) of New York and Hen
drick (D.) of Kentucky against any ad
ditional restrictions.
Tue McCall bill, as passed, amends the
immigration and contract labor acts by
addinc to the classes of aliens thereby ex
cluded from the United States all male
persons between 16 and 60 years of age
who cannot both read and write the Eng
lish language or some other language.
But no parent of a person now living in or
hereafter admitted to this country shall
be excluded bcause of his inabiiity to
read and write.
The bill also provides that it shall be un
lawful tor any alien who resides or retains
lii 1 - home in a foreign country to enter the
United States to engage fan mechanical
trade or manual labor while retaining his
home in a foreign country, though aliens
may come for the purpose of teaching new
arts or industries under such rules a=. may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is also made unlawful for
any company or corporation to employ
such aliens In any mechanical trade or
manual labor, though this provision do?s
not affect employe* of vessels or railroads,
whose duties reqr.ire them to pass over
the frontier to reach the termini of their
roads. Aliens, excepting subjects of
Canada and other (Lmeriean countries, are
not allowed to enter t!ie Unite i States ex
cept at places wh^re the United States
maintains an immigrant inspection board.
At 4:50 p. m. the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postalcars Are Beiog Built for
Service in San Fran
cisco.
Work Will Soon be Commenced on
the Liie-Savin& Station—Post
masters and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.—Repre
sentative Loud ia in receipt of a letter
from Postmaster McCoppiu of San Fran
cisco saying that it will be impossible on
account of illness in his family to come :
to Washington and look after tbe estab
lishment of the streetcar postal system.
Mr. Loud called on the Postoffice De
partment to-day and was told by General !
Nelson that an order for the building of j
three cars bad been issued by the depart
ment and that railway postal aervice
would be established in San Francisco as I
soon as the new Postoffice buildings at the
ferry were completed.
General Kirn bull of the Life Saving
Service says he will, begin work- on the new
life saving station near San Francisco as
soon as the appropriations for the comin_
fiscal year are available, which will be
July 1.
Russell Denny vras to-day appointed
postmaster at Mount Olivet, Sonoma
County. Cal., vice George Knight resigned ;
George D. Stevens at Bonsall, San Diego
County, vice Darius W. Godfrey, resigned.
I'acihc Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
Ca'ifornia — Original. Cornelius Murphy,
Santa Margarita; increase special. May
13' h, Heston O. Kvle, Santa Barbara.
Washington — Oritrinai — Peter Legg,
Charles Station; increase — Alexander
C. Plankenship, Ranier; ori_inal widow —
Irene L. Moss, Seattle.
Oregon— Original— Charles Nnpens, Scio.
Captain Oscar F. Lona, assistant quar
termaster, is relieved from duty in tiie
office of the quartermaster-general and
will proceed to ban Francisco and report
in person to the commanding general of
the Department of California for assign
ment to duty as quartermaster at the
Presidio, San Francisco, to relieve Captain
William W. Robinson Jr., assistant quar
termaster. ____^______
THE M. E. CONFERENCE.
Congress Asked to Stop the
Sale of Liquor in the
Capitol.
No Change in the Amusement Disci
pline — Remarks of a Re«
tiring bishop.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 20.— Bishop
Foster presided at the session of the con
ference of the Metnodist Episcopal Church
tnis morning. Lewis Curts was elected on
the first ballot agent of the Western book
concern, with headquarters at Cincinnati.
A resolution was unanimously adopted
reciting that the sale of liquors in the
National Capitol was a disgrace, and ask
ing in the name of 10,000,000 people tnat
Congress abolish the practice.
The amusement question was then taken
up and a long discussion followed. Tne
conference by an almost r.nanimous vote
refused to change the discipline on the
sub iect of amusements.
It was decided to proceed with tne
election of three missionary secretaries,
After recess Bishop Foster announced
that in view of the fact that Bishop
Goodsell would be compelled to leave
before It came his turn to preside, he,
Bishop Foster, would ask Bishop Good
sell to preside for t:e remainder of the
morning.
Continuing Bishop Foster said : "I have
received a large number of letters de
nouncing the action of the conference in
retiring me. These letters come Irom the
best Methodists in the country. I
! want to say that these good peo-
I pie are misinformed. There comes a
time in all men's lives when they must
retire. The conference recognized the
fact and did right. I respect them for it.
I co to retirement, but will carry the
office of the episcopacy to the grave. I
love my brethren. I believe most of them !
love mo."
The question of the revision of the
hymnal was discussed for fully an hour.
Many earnest arguments were made. The !
hymnal will not be revised.
The second ballot for the third mission- j
ary secretary resulted in no choice and i
the conference adjourned.
To Ex-Poetmaster Bryan'* Relief.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— A bill I
to allow William J. Bryan, late Postmaster j
at San Francisco, $9601 in settlement of his ':
accounts for a defalcation by on© of lus
clerks passed the Senate to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
ON RACETRACK
AND DIAMOND
Redskin Takes the Opening
Day's Handicap at
Lakeside.
MUDLARKS IN FRONT.
Zamar II Finishes Behind Goshen
in a Half-Mile Sprint
at St. Louis.
DAMOCLES LOSES ON A FOUL
The Talent Out of Pocket Through
the Judges' Decision— Winners
at Baseball.
CHICAGO, 111., May 20.— The Lakeside
Jockey Club's opening day of its fifteen
days' meeting was a success, over 4000 peo
ple passing through the turnstiles. The
track, however, was heavy, owing to the
recent rains. That did not prevent the
talent from selecting four winning favor
ites. The event of the day, the Hammond
handicap, was won handily by Redskin.
Five and a half furlongs, Mamie G won,
Cassa second, Cunarder third. Time, 1 :1 G.
Four furlongs, Devoir won, Lottie Wimmer
seconti, Thomas Paine third. Time, :b\ x i .
Five and a half furlongs. Ferryman II won,
Sligo second, Finehback third. Time. 1:1iV...
Hammond handicap, one mile, Redskin
won, Dick Behau second, Lillian X third.
Time, I:SOVi.
Six iurloncs, N'ikita won, Simmons second,
Dominico third. Time, 1 :'JO' a .
Seven furlong*, John Hiekey won, Collector
second, Spendoliue third. Time, 1:3t5 : '4.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 20.— Two favor
ites and two second picks won to-day.
Damocles, favorite in the tilth race, came
first, but was disqualified tor fouling, the
money going to the longshot. Attend
ance 2500.
Si* furlongs, Astolfina won. Little Cliff
second, Dennis third. Time, 1 M)C
Mile and twenty yards, Muskaionge won,
Jack Mariin second. Kayette Belle third.
Time, 1:5-J' a .
Four furlongs. Goshen won, Zamar II sec
ond, El 6 t Barnes third. Time, :5'2 V
Five fur'.ongs, George F. Smith won, Urania
second. Belle of Oak Grove third. Time, 1 :0t>.
Six and a half furlangs, Heiene Belle w.m
Thcresia second, Jonstautine third. Time
1:28.
ON THE DIAMOND
Rcaulta of League and Association Gatnea
in the Eaat.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 20.— "Billy"
Rhines pitched another of his phenomenal
games to-day, letting the hanJ-hitting
Phillies down with two hits and no runs.
The Reds had no trouble in hitting Orth.
Cincinnati 1 11O0010*— 410 1
Philudelphias. 000 00 0 0 0 o—o 2 a
Batteries— i : bines and Peitz; Orth and Clements.
Umpire— Kecfe.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 20.— The
Clevelands bunched their hits in the hrst
inning and taking advantage of loose field
ing by the Baltimores scored five runs.
After making four more off Pond in the
third inning he was taken out and Hem
ming was substituted. The latter beld
i Cleveland down to three runs. Baltimore's
fielding was very ragged, while tbe home
team put up a good fielding game. Score:
Cleveland!!. 6040 01 O 2 O-tl2 12 1
lialtimores 0 10 0 10 12 2— 712 5
Battt rifs— (uppy and Ziramer: Pond, Hemming
and Robinson. Umpire— Weldman.
CHICAGO. 111., May 20.— The New
Yorks won to-day's game easily, batting
Parker's curves all over the field. The
Colts could not hit Meekin at the right
time and put up a miserable game in the
field. Pitchers Thornton and Briggs were
to-day farmed out to the Grand Rapids
team of the Western League, fcrcore:
Chicaeos 110000110— 4 15 5
New Yorlcs.. 8 0 290000 6—19 15 3
Batteries-Parker and Kittridge; Meekin and
■\Vilsou. Umpire— Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 20.— 8y lucky hit
ting in the last inning 'the Browns earned
a run and saved a shutout. Errors con
tributed to the Bostons' ruu-getting
Score:
8U Louis 000000OO1— 1 7 6
Bostons 300010001—5 7 a
Batteries— Kissinger and Muruhy; btlvetta and
Ganzel Umpire— Lynch.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 20.-The game
with .Brooklyn to-day was played in a driz
zling rain. "It was* little better than a
iarce. Score :
Pittabnrgs 000000024— 614 6
Brookiyns. a 'I 2 4 7 2 SO %- 8481 1
Batteries— Hastings, Goare aud ilerritt; Abbey
andUrira. Umpire— Kmalie.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May 20.-Wet
grounds again prevented Louisville and
Washington from playing.
IPES DEFEATS SCHAEYES.
Brilliant Flaying in the Best Game of
the Series.
CHICAGO, 111., May 20.— Frank Ives
recovered his billiard stroke at the tourna
ment to-night, defeating his old-time op
ponent, Schaefer, by a score of 500 to 439
in the best game of the series.
The game was peculiar for the constant
changing of positions and the excitingly
close Bcore throughout. The players
kept up the game of tying and
passing each other almost to the
point of arousing suspicion that they
were also playing a trick on the big throng
of admirers. Schaefer had the honor of
making the highest run, 83, with perfect
billiards, Ives being a close second, witn
75. Brilliant masse shots at long range
were features of the game.
L. A. W. BULLETIN.
Tranefera to the l'rofeaxlonal data and
JV>W> t.illlUtjM.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 20.-The
following bulletin has been ißsued by
Chairman Gideon of the L. A. W. :
Transferred to professional class: Russell
Cushing. San Jose, Cal., own request; II F
Terrill, San Francisco, under clause A- C U
imvis. San Jose, Cal., under clause A; W. J.
Evans, banta Monica, Cal, under clause A.
Race meet promoters must send to tne offi
cial handtcapers in their districts entries in
novice races, as novice event comes under the
head of a class race, and must be passed upon.
Racing nien are warned to ccc that entries
are on official forma and properly rilled out.
Handicajipers are directed to throw out all en
tries not containing the correct and necessary
lntormation concerning the riders. The pen
alty will be strictly enforced.
Should any part of a road race be ridden
upon the tracn, every rule regarding track
races must be enforced thereon.
Phoenix, Ariz., having failed to meet na
tional circuit requirements the date, May 30,
lias been transferred to Los Angeles.
North's Horace to be Sold.
LOW DON, Esq., May 20.— The Sports
man says all the horses that belonged to
the late Colonel North, the "Nitrate
King," with the exception of Idlesieigh,
and all the dogs, with the exceptin of
Fullerton, will be sold at auction.
Dtf appearance cf an Attorney.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 20.-
Thomas M. Carlin, an attorney who had
offices in the Girard building, has myste
riously disappeared, leaving a larjte num
ber ol creditors. Several warrants have
been sworn out by the victims for his ar
rest. It is said that unsecured claims
against Mr. Carlin amounts to $50,000.
TERRILL'S DILEMMA.
The Turkish Minister on a Furlough With-
out Knowing Why— He May Not
Be Sent Back.
WASHINGTON, P., C, May 21—Alex
ander W. Terrill, United States Minister
to Turkey, feels chagrined over a story
that charges affectinc his personal con
duct had been filed with the President by
the committee of prominent men who
called at the White House last week with
reference to the Armenian troubles. Ac
cording to high State Department officials
no such charges have been filed, and con
sequently Mr. Tenill could have known
nothing about them until he came here in
response to the President's summons.
There seems to be considerable mystery
about Mr. Tirrell's relations to the State
Department and to the Government to
which he is accredited, which is not yet
fully cleared up Meanwhile Mr. Tirrell
is home on leav* of absence, and doubts
are expressed whether he will return to
Turkey.
FAVORED BY THE MIKADO.
Honors Conferred Vpem an American
War Correspondent.
WICHITA, Kans., May 20.-C. H. Dav
idson, a prominent banker of thi3 city, has
received word from his son, James Wheeler
Davidson, a war correspondent in Japan,
that he has been commanded to appear
before the Emperor and Empress on Fri
day of this week to be specially enter
tained. Mr. Davidson supplied the Japa
nese army with information that saved a
city during the late war with China and
the Emperor has conferred upon him the
insignia of the Order of the Rising Sun
and shown him many other distinguished
attentions.
FATAL THEATER PANIC
A Counterweight to a Chandelier
Falls in a Parisian Opera-
House.
One Lady Killed, Another Will Die
and Several Are More or L?ss
Injured
PARIS, Frakce. May 20.— One of the
counter-weii-'hts to the great chandelier in
the Paris Open-house, weighing nearly
half a ton, fell through the ceiling
into the fourth gallery during
a performance of "Helle" this even
ing, creating a panic among the audi
ence, many of whom made a will rush for
the exits, which were quickly blocked.
The attendants and the cooler headed of
the spectators, however, were quickly
successful la allaying the excitement, and
the building was cleared, the entrances
were closed and an examination into the
disaster was be^un.
It was found that one lady, Mme. Chau
mot, had been instantly killed. Mme.
Senot so badly injured that her recovery
is impossible and five other persons seri
ously hurt. When the excitement was at
its height an alarm of fire was turned in
and a score of engines were soon on the
scene, but their services were not needed.
MISSING FROM SANTA CRUZ.
Two Boys Start in a Boat for Capitola
While the Bay Is Rough and Do
Not Return.
SANTA CRUZ* Cai~, May 20.— Julien
Newton and Royal March, aged 20 and 17,
respectively, are believed to have been
drowned in the bay at some time since
yesterday morning at 8 o'clock. They
started at that hoar in a rowboat for
Capitola. The distance by water is about
two miles, but the bay was quite choppy
yesterday and a strong wind was blowing.
It is feared that their boat became unman
ageable and was capsized. If that is true
tlie strong undertow would have carried
their bodies to sea.
The boys told their parents before they
started that tney would return in tne
afternoon. Newton is crippled and has a
widowed mother, who grew very anxious
during the night, but hoped in the morn
ing that her boy would return. March's
parents were also uneasy, and together
the two families determined to send out
messages and searchers.
Uky Springer went to Capitola this morn
ing in search of the boys, but found no
trace of them. Neither tbey nor the boat
had been seen. The boat is the property
of John Sherman, and would have been
identitied readily had it put in at Capitola.
Telegraphic communication waa had with
Monterey and other places along the coast.
Nothing, however, had been seen of the
boys or the boat.
San Luia Obitpo Footpad a.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 20-—
Two men attempted last night to hold up
Charles Olivos, who had jast received his
month's wages for labor as a waiter at the
Commercial Hotel. The would-be robbers
would have been successful, but Conrad
Schiefferly was near the scene, and ran to
the assistance of Olivos. One of the rob
bers told Olivos to give up his money or
he would be shot. The robbers fled at the
approach of Schiefferly.
The police this morning arrested William
Jones and Alexander Trimble, young men
whom they suspect of the crime. It is
said that Marsha] Cook has evidence
enough to convict them. The accused
men will be arraigned to-morrow.
Stockton Wool Sale.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 20. -The Wool
growers' Exchange held an auction gal*
to-day in this city. This is the second sale
of the kind when all the wool-growers of
the surrounding counties offered their
product to the buyers. The latter are
seemii.gly as well pleased with the new
method a3 the growers. At the previous
sale the prices averaged from 4 to 8 cents
a cound, according to the graoe of the
wool, but there was a falling off to-day,
especially on account of the quality of ttio
wool put up, and the prices ranged from
3 to 6 cents per pound.
f'ortugueae to Celebrate.
SAN JOKE. Cal., May 20.— The Portu
guese residents of Santa Clara are making
extensive arrangements for a celebration
!° be held on Saturday and Sunday, May
uU and 31 - The event is an annual occur
rence and is attended by hundreds of
1 ortUKese from the surrounding country,
me celebration will be held at the Habich
place, where a picnic, dancing and athletic
Bpo , r l s wi'l take place. On Sunday there
will be a grand street parade.
Jirotcned at farrar Croatian.
EUREKA, Cal., May 20.— News of the
drowning of William Dusenberry. an old
settler of Briceland, was received here
to-day. No one saw the accident, and
H was not until the mule which he rode
was found dead, lodged in some driftwood,
that a search was instituted. Dusenberrv's
body was found at Farrar Crossing, a few
yards from where the accident probably
occurred.
Cycling Record Lowered.
PARIS, France, May 20.— At the Seine
Velodrome to-day tne Welsh bicyclist
Linton rode thirty miles in one hour, !
breaking all records from the fifth mile to ,
the end.
FRYE REPUDIATES
HIS OWN SCHEME
Agreed to Compromise With
out the Consent of
Collis.
THIS CAUSED TROUBLE.
John Boyd Says the Senator
Was Rebuked for His
Audacity.
TEE DEEP-HARBOR FIGHT.
Both Santa Monica and San Pedro
Omilted in the Conference
Report.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20. -The
Southern California deep-harbor project
will not down. It is the only remaining
matter of dispute in the river and harbor
bill. Senator White last night received
word from a member of the conference
committee that the matter would probably
be settled by allowing the Frye compro
mise amendment to remain in the bill as
it passed the Senate, but this morning the
committee failed to agree on this.
The conferees were (ostensibly) willinjj
to let the item stand as it was, bui
Hooker, Hermann and Patchings, con
ferees on the part of the House, insisted
t hat the board to select a harbor should
be appointed by the conference commit
tee and not by the President, Secretary of
the Nary and Superintendent of the Coast
Survey. They realized, however, that cer
tain Senators were determined and would
have been able to defeat snch a
conference report, so they agreed to rec
ommend to the House of Representatives
that the appropriation for a deep-water
harbor on the Southern California coast
be stricken out entirely, as well as $392,000
for improving the Inner harbor at San
Pedro, as the latter project has nothing
to do with the Santa Monica-San Pedro
harbor controversy.
It is evident that the conferees wish to !
discipline Senator White for his obstinate '
fight against the Santa Monica job, al- j
though Mr. Hooker, in explanation of the
action of the house conferees, said that if !
the board bo be appointed under the pro- ■
visions of the Senate amendment should
select San Pedro, that place would have
two harbors.
Although Hooker, Hermann and Catch
ings appear to be the recalcitrant ones Mr.
Frye is really in favor of repudiating his
own compromise. John Boyd (.Huntinp
ton's man) asserted boldly to-day in the ;
Capitol corridors tljat Frye offered his ;
compromise amendment without consult- j
ing Mr. Huntington. Boyd's indiscreet
utterance shows that he really considers
his master a power to be consulted by
Congressmen before legislating.
The California Congressmen are laugh
ing to-night over poor Boyd's slip of the
tongue. The conference reports will be
called up to-morrow, when White expects
to make another not speech.
Among the chief changes agreed to by
the conference committee were these:
Harbor at Oakland, Cai., cash appropri
ation compromised at $20,000, with con
tracts limited to $6ti6,000.
Harbor at San Diego, Cal., increased
from $40,000 to $50,000.
Harbor at San Luis Obispo, Cal., in
creased from $32,000 to $40,000.
The House appropriation for Port Or
ford, Or., limited to $203,360, stricken out
In the Senate, stands with the proviso
that tbe work is not to be done unless tbe
Secretary of War is satisfied the interests j
of commorce demand such an expenditure.
Entrance to Grays Harbor, Wash., com
promised at $10,000, and a contract limited
to $990,000.
Everett Harbor, Wash., reduced from
$30,000 to $20,000.
Senate's addition of $5000 for survey of
Portland Channel, Alaska, accepted.
Tho contract authoriled by the Benate
for boat railway at The Dalles Rapids, Or.,
s stricken out, but the appropriation is in
icreased to $150,000.
California Deoris Commission— The Sen
ate substitute authorizing the acceptance
aby the Government of money appropri
ted by California and re-appropriating
the same is agreed to.
TO-DAT.
WANTED
300 BOYS
And children — not to work — but to walk off with those
stylish, durable Suits in Homespuns, Tweeds and Cheviots,
in light and dark colors, suitable for Spring and Summer
wear.
No one has undertaken to sell such grand values for so
little money as we offer on sale Thursday, Friday and Sat"
urday at remarkable reductions.
An Endless Variety of Boys'
§ Lou Pants Slits. /-SL
gO Children's $5, $6, $7 fcjpl' #r -fl
JU REEFER SUITS. HfSfT^
£jy For 3 Days Only TM M
$3.50. $M
CHICAGO CLOTHING CO.,
34, 36, 38 and 40 Kearny Street.
WORLD-BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS,
San Joaquin River, Cal. — Twenty-one
mile Slough, ?20,000; cut at head reacb,
137,750.
Lower Willamette River, near Portland,
Or., and Columbia River, near the Wil
lamette, increased from $ jO.OOO to $100,000.
Columbia River at Cascade, $30,000; en
larging canal, $20,000.
Canal between Puget Sound and Wash
ington and Union lakes, contract provis
ion stricken out and appropriation in.
creased from $100,000 to $150,000.
The Senate provision that under no con
tract authorized by the bill shall the
expenditure be more than $400,000 per
year unless otherwise stated was agreed
to, as was also that allowing the employ
ment of retired army and navy officers on
river ana harbor work.
FOR FORTIFICATIONS
The Senate Oetttng at the End of the
A ppropriation Hill*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
last but one of the general appropriation
bills — the one which provides for fortifica
tions and other works of defense — occupied
the attention of the Senate to-day and was
passed before adjournment. It carries
nearly $11,000,000— about $5,000,000 more
than it carried when it passed the House.
The principal item of increase is one of
$3,115,000 for gun and mortar batteries.
There was little or no controversy over
any of the provisions contained in the
bill, but a ra'.ner important discussion was
precipitated by an amendment offered to
the bill by Gormaii of Maryland. Ihis
proposes to authorize the issue of $100,000.-
UOO of treasury certificates of indebted
ness, bearing 3 per cent interest, in order
to meet the expenditures called for by the
appropriation biils of the present mail n,
the aggregate ol which Gorman puts at
$000,000,000.
The amendment was opposed by Shei
man of Ofiio, who declared that never be
fore had such a proposition been ma:e to
meet the current expenses of the Govern
ment in a time of profound peace, and
who argued that the proper course for the
Senate to pursue was to take up the tariff
bill passed by the House in the early part
of the session, leave off the free-silver
amendment which the Senate had at
tached to it, and then pass it, with such
additions as might be deemed wise, in
cluding a tax on tea and coffee. He said
that he would tear up all the appropria
tion bills rather than make sucti a con
fession of bankruptcy.
Gorman argued that the deficiency in
the treasury could not be met in any other
way than that which he proposed.
At the close of the discussion the
amendmmt was laid on the table by a
vote of 42 to 9.
Earlier in the day* conference report on
the river and harbor Dili was presented by
Frye of Maine, and an effort was made by
him to get immediate action on it. That
waa resisted, however, by Bacon of Geor
gia, who bad learned that the appropria
tion for the harbor at Brunswick, Ga., had
been struck out in conference, and who
wanted time to argue the matter before
the Senate. And so Frye rather reluc
tantly consented to have the report go over
till to-morrow.
The only question that was not settled
in conference is the one relating to the
deep sea harbor in Southern California. In
the preliminary discussion there was some
sharp criticism at the disposition of the
Senators to adjourn Congress without at
tending to the grave and important ques
tions requiring action.
Tbe fortification appropriation bill as it
passed the House appropriated $5,845,837.
As reported from the Senate committee
the amount is $10,763,888, the increase be
ing made up by the.-c items: Gun and
mortar batteries $3,115,000; sites for fortifi
cations and coast defenses, $250,000 ; steel
for eicht 10-inch and one 12-inch guns.
$160,000 ; carriages for satno, $195,000; sieel
for 12-inch mortars, $210,000; carriages for
same, $82,000; payments for guns nnuer
contracts heretofore made, $502,551; ma
chine guns, $35,000; board of ordnance
and fortifications, $50,000; construction
and test of Howell and Emery gun car
riages, $70,000; construction and test of
Gatlin gun aud carriage, $65,000; total,
$4,934,551.
Defunct Jiank Offielala Arreated.
DENVER, Colo., May 20.— Charles H.
Dow, formerly president of the Commer
cial National Bank, was arrested to-day
upon an indictment brought by the Grand
Jury of the Federal court, which charged
him with misappropriating funds of the
bank with intent to defraud the deposit
ors. His accounts are also alleged to have
been falsified. He furnished bonds.
Sidney G. McClurkin, teller of the bank,
was arrested to-day in Colorado Springs.
The Commercial National Bank failed in
1893.
Labor Difference Compromised.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 20.— Armour's
striking firemen compromised their differ
ences to-day on aryncrease of 1% cents an
hour for eight hours, and they, with the
1000 or more employes who were laid off
for lack of work, will return to the plant
to-morrow.
• ; NEW TO-DAT.'
EAGLESON'S
Grand Stock
OF
SPRING JOYELTIES!
Low Prices.
FANCY SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FULL DRESS SHIRTS,
NECK DRESS,
UNDERWEAR, ETC.,
LADIES' WAISTS.
748-750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPECIAL OFFERING
OF HIGH-CLASS
3s?- TAN TIES
JlJ|§l $1.50
LADIES' TAN SOUTHERN TIKS. band-turned
soles, cloth top, stylish needle toe; all sizes and
widths— sl 50.
Jll^ji^ $1.50
LADIES' TAX OXFORD TIES, hand-turned
soli's, cloth or Kid top, needle or narrow square
toes; Hit sizes and widths— sl 50.
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY TAN OXFORD
TIES, hand-turned soles, strictly latest style Id
every detail— sl 95.
1340 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION' AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
■ .. . ■ ...■' .
Insurance Company (Limited)
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 316T
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of capital stock paid Dp In
cash. : $500,000 00
ASSETS. :.V-v
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $1,257,968 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds.stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 45,066 CM)
Premiums In due course of collection 218,069 00
Bills receivable, nut matured, taken
for tire and marine risks 9,955 00
Stamps on band 962 00
Total assets ......f 1.640,000 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums on marine ana In-*!
land navigation risks: relusur- I
ance 100 per cent }■ 118,055 00
Gross premiums op marine time I
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc., and sundry creditors 109,481 00
Amount carried to suspenc« account. 28.780 00
Total liabilities »382.»66 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums :*. 430,335 00
Received for interest and dividends "',
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 35,890 00
Total income $465.725 00
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for marine losses... 413,901 00
Dividends to stockholders. 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 37,796 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 1.220 00
All other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures 1611,981 00
Losses incurred during the year f 894,976 00
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
I MARINE RISKS. | FBEMIPICa.
Net amount of risks |
yearff.f.vf!?*;! 1 I «69,136,700 1*430,335 00
Nit amount of risks
fh X o P^r . . dUrlDg 67.079.885 1 391.830 00
Net amount in force | , .
■ 1895. e .°".l-.": I 7.480,450 118,085 00
1896. r. 1 7.490,450 116,065 09
— — — jas. a. NICHOLSON, President. ,
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed >nd sworn to before me this 6th day
of February, 1b96. w. "I. SULIS.
W. J. SULIS,
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool. v
9
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, 407-409 Montgomery St.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Main 5968.IOWA DEMOCRATS
IN STORMY SESSION
Declare for Free Silver in
the Most Radical
Terms.
BOIES TOR PRESIDENT.
"Sound Money" Men Cut No
Figure in the Turbulent ,
Ccnvention.
CLEVELAND'S NAME IS HISSED
Sweeping Reso'ntions Adopted—Dele
gates to Ch:cago Receive Cast
iron Instructions.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Mar 20.— Carrying
out the programme formulated yesterday
by the leaders of the majority element,
the Democratic State Convention to-day
declared for iree silver in the most radical
term;, presented ex-Governor Horace
Boies to the Democracy of the Kation as a
candidate lor t£ie Presidential nomination,
and instructed the delegates-at-large and
the district delegates— three of the latter
being adherents of the sound-money doc
trineto rote as a unit.
It was the most turbulent convention in
the history of the party in this State.
Despite the impartiality and fairness of
tne presiding officer selected by the silver
ites, the representatives of tbat element
on the floor were disposed to cive little
quarter to their opponents, and there were
times wher. it looked as though the con
vention would break up in disorder.
The majority report of the committee on
resolutions was barren of any reference to
President Cleveland or his administration,
while the commendation of the chief ex
ecutive attached to the minority report
was voted down by nearly tnree to one.
In a measure, however, this may be taken
as due to the fact that it was appended to !
a sound-money resolution, for it was
noticeable that the caustic comments upon
the administration made by Permanent I
Chairman Carr evoked but a scant applause !
from the silver men, while his declarations
that the financial policy of the administra
tion was'not that of the Democratic party
and that the party had been betrayed by
its chosen leaders were received with chill
inp silence.
Ex-Governor Boies head? the delegation
to Chicago, ana his associates are Sam B.
Evans of Ottuma. Will A. Well! of Elka
der and Lewis T. Genung of Hastings. J
The alternates are Judge A. Van Wagenen
of Woodbury, D. B. Stubbs of Jefferson,
Andrew C. Daily of Marshall and C. H.
Mackey of Sisronrney.
At 10:15 State Chairman C. R. Ranck
called the convention to order in the
Grand Opera-house, and prayer was offered
by Rev. W. R. Benion of the Episcopal
church. 'A.-A- Wrisht of Tipton was then
introduced as temporary chairman.
A: the condition of his address commit
tees on resolutions and credentials were
announced and the convention took a re
cess until 2 p. x.
On reassembling the 'committee on or
ganization submitted the name of E. B.
Carr, editor of the Manchester Democrat,
for permanent chairman, and the nomi
nation was ratified with a shout.
Chairman Carr concluded by reading a
telegram from Minneapolis to tae effect
that the Democrats of the northwest
would elect a free-coinage member of Con
gress.
There were calls for M. H. Nealy of Fort
Dodpe, who defeated ex - Congressman
John F. Dunccmbe for delegate to the
convention, and he responded with a
bitter speech congratulating his hearers
that the time had passed when Federal
oSce-bolders could control Democratic
conventions in lowa.
There was a general demand for ex-Gov
ernor Boies and a committee was in
structed to secure his pretence. Mean-
K while the report of the committee on cre
dentials, seating all the contesting silver
delegations, including the one from Black
hawk to the one headed by Mr. Boies, was
adopted without the formality of a roll
call.
Then the convention proceeded to the
• selection of delegates and alternate! at
larce. Ex-Governor Bo ; was accepted
by acclamation and the sound money mi
nority made its test of strength upon the
second nomination, pitting Judge Walter
I. Babb of Mount Pleasant against 8. B.
Evans of Ottumwa, a free-silver extremist.
The ballot gave Evans MB . to 250% for
his opponent and the gold men gave up
the fight..
The business proper of the convention
having been disposed of ex-Governor Boies
was presented and accorded a tumultous
reception. His remarks were brief and
elicited little enthusiasm. He said that in
the part he had taken in the present trou
ble he had been animated by the sole de
sire to secure for the messes in the State a
representation in the convention. He be
lieved before, as he aid now. that in many
conventions of political parties the voice
of the people had been stifled, and so far
as be was concerned he had been deter
mined that the Democracy of lowa should
speak for itself. It had done so, and he
hoped that from tnis time on they would
B recognize the fact that the strength of the
party rested in the masses.
There was an exodus of delegates sim
ultaneously with the Governor's closing
words and the report of tne committee on
resolution presented by W. L. Reid of
Dcs Moines was listened to with scant at
tention. It read as follows:
The Democracy of lowa, in State Convention
assembled, hereby reaffirms its alleciance to
the time-honored Democratic doctrine of bi
metallism, to tne use of both gold and silver
a* primary money and the coinage of both
at a. ratio without change or limit.
It 'is the judgment of this conven
tion that this doctrine of the National
Democratic party, if fairly and honorably
observed, requires the constant effort of every
loyal Democrat to accomplish the repeal of all
laws heretofore enacted through the instru
mentality of the Republican party which do
in letter and spirit alike discriminate against
eilver and In favor of geld, and the substitu
tion the reform of affirmative legislation
I which shall restore silver to equal rights with
gold in the mints and coinage of the country.
We heartily affirm as a deliberate conviction
of this convention that the act of 1873, in so
far as it demonetized silver and established
cold as the single unit of value. Is a flagrant
A ■ .' .anon of one of the most important pro
visions of the constitution of the United
States ; & violation which every political party
ougnt condemn, and every good citizen should
■Mia! la expunging from the statutes of the
Republic. We therefore favor the immediate -
repeal of all laws by which silver was demone- i
tized, and demand its unqualified restoration
to the right or free and unlimited coinage in
the mints of the Nation as a money of fall le
gal tender, and final redemption at the ratio
16 to 1.
We recognize the fact t h at upon this ques
tion the country has reached a crisis that can j
no longer be evaded or postponed. We know j
that the result of this conflict must t>e a return ;
to the money of the Constitution, or the sub
stitution thereior for all time to come of a
standard of values, born of British aristo
cratic greed, which doubles the purchasing
power of. money and reduces by one half the |
price of all the great staples of industry. In j
behalf of the toiling millions of this republic
we welcome the conflict and pledge the Demo- i
cratic party of lowa to stand by the Constitu
tion; to defend the right or to beat back with
all its strength every wrongful aggression of I
the money power of the old and new world j
alike, and to aid to the utmost limit of its abil
ity in restoring to ourselves and our postenty
the sacred heritage of the financial system be- :
queathed to the American people by the fa- i
thers of the republic, and which was equally {
fair and just to all citizens; and in this effort !
we cordially invite the co-operation of all good j
citizens, without reference to political &£!:&
-tions in the past.
We hereby enter our most earnest protest !
against all schemes for the retirement of our !
nor.-interest-bearmg National paper currency i
and the substitution therefor of $500,000,000 '
of Interest-bearing bonds to become an addi- |
tional burden upon the producing classes,
that National Banks may be supplied with in- .
terest-bearing capital on which to transact j
their individual business. And we also protest
against the further issuance and sale of j
Government bonds to acquire gold with which
to redeem such currency, and demand of the •
Government that it shall hereafter redeem the !
same with the coin of either metal it may pos- i
sess in strict accordance with both the spirit
and the letter of the law.
We denounce as a transparent fallacy the
claim that labor can be benefited by the main
tenance of single gold standard as the basis
of our financial system. The experience of all
ages and o: every country alike clearly de
monstrates that a contracted currency invari
ably compels a contraction of business, the
lessening of industrial enterprises, the enforced
idleness of great numbers of the working
classes, end nothing of which the human mind
can conceive is more clearly self-evident than
the naked truth that the wages of labor must
always be adjusted to and correspond with the
prices of labor's products in the markets.
Earnestly desiring to promote the best In
terests of the laboring people, we favor the ap
pointment of a cabinet official, to be known as
Secretary of Labor, whose duty It shall be, in
all cases of tariff-protected industries, to In
vestigate, ascertain and report to Congress
what share, if any, of the enhanced price for
which protected products are sold in the mar
kets of this country is paid by employers in '■
these industries to their employes, and ■
to be clothed with further power i
in all cases - where pnblic inter- !
ests are involved or public peace j
is endangered; to inquire into the merits of
the controversies between employers and em
ployes and recommend the adjustment thereof
upon such terms as to him or arbitrators ap
pointed by him shall seem just, and in case of
the failure of either party to abide by the
recommendation made to report the facts to
Congress or a State Legislature as the case
may require, with recommendation for addi
tional legislation, if such in his judgment be
necessary; and in the discharge of his several
duties to be clothed with further power to
compel the giving of testimony under oath by
parties interested or otherwise, and the pro
duction of all books and papers which in his
judgment are necessary to a full and impartial
determination of the matters committed to
his care.
The deleeates-at-laree and district delegates
appointed by this convention to represent the
State in the National Democratic Convention
to be held in Chicago beginning July 7. 1.896,
are hereby instructed to vote as a unit as the
majority present shall direct on all questions |
coming before said National Convention for
settlement by vote of its delegates, and es
pecially upon ail questions relating to the
adoption of a platform for the party and the
nomination of candidates for President and
Vice-President; and the delegates present in
said convention if less than the whole number
be present and to which the State is entitled,
are hereby authorized to cast the full vote of
the State in accord with these instructions.
Reposing fan faith and confidence in the
Democracy, patriotism and ability of Horace j
Boies, formerly Governor of the State of lowa,
we hereby declare it to be the bounden duty
of every patriot in lowa, without regard to
former party affiliations, to use all honorable
means to secure his nomination at the Deme
crat:c National Convention to be held at
Chicago, July 7, 1896. for the high and re
sponsible office of President of the United
States, to the end that the principle of Jeff er
sonian Democracy be preserved atia promoted
and liberty and prosperity be restored to the
; great body of the American people, and any
delegates to the National Convention this day
elected are especially authorized and In
structed to place his name in nomination at
the Chicago convention.
Interest revived for a Trhile when Judge
Nathaniel French of Davenport submit
ted the report of the minority. The refer
ence to President Cleveland provoked ap
plause, mingled with shouts of *'No,"and
hisses, and the uproar was intensified ten
fold when Judge French went on to flay
the silverites and to assert the financial
planks of the majority report were a mere
straddle, framed in the interest of the
mine-owners. Shouts of ••buncombe" and
"down with him" almost drowned his
closing utterances.
Judge Van Wagenen made a brief plea
for the . majority report and received a
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1596.
Fattening the British Hog.
quiet hearing, but the excitement of the
afternoon reached its climax when the
youthful Mayor Voilmer of Davenport at
tenipte : t i close the debate with a sound
money speech in behalf of the 'banner
Democratic county of tbe State" -
County). The pent up fury burst forth
when he warned the delegates that free
silver meant the death of the Democratic
party and that the wake would be an un
happy afTnir.
Yells, shouts, hisses, catcalls, words
scarcely fitted for ears polite and personal
allusions continued to make a din that
was deafening. Time and again tbe
speaker essayed to continue h;s remarks,
only to encounter a cyclone of opposition.
In vain one free siiver leader after another
pleaded for fair play in the young Mayor's
behalf, and equally futile was the protest
' of the chairman that the good name of
the convention and of the Democratic
party of the State was at stake.
The majority was lost to reason or argu-
I merit, and with the parting warning that
'. the sound- money advocates could not be
: driven out of the party, and that after the
Chicago convention the silver advocates
would be glad to pet under cover and come
\ back to the fold, the Mayor left the piat
| form.
When the roll of counties was called the
minority report was defeated by a vote of
M - to 21*- * Tnis was 100 votes short of
the actual strength of the convention, but
no attempt was made to explain the dis
crepancy.
Against protests shouted from all parts
of the hall a motion to indorse tbe district
delegates to Chicago eiected in the Con
gressional convention of the forenoon, and
which was intended to bring them tinder
the operation of the unit rule, was de
clared carried. Then there was a rush for
the open, and in the midst of the confu
sion the convention at 6:10 adjourned sine
die.
SOUTH DAKOTA DEMOCRATS.
" sound- Money 3ten" Capture the State
Conreniion.
ABERDEEN. S. Dak., May 20. — To
Chairman James Wooas of the Democratic
State Central Committee must be at
tributed the victory of sound money in
the State Convention. He has been an in
defatigable worker in the cause of gold
and his promise to the National Commit
tee that he would brine South Dakota into
line has been fulf-iied. He controlled the
action of the State Central Committee in
choosing S. A. Kamsey of Woonsocket, an
administration man. as chairman instead
of W. A. Lynch of Huron, and it was his
powerful influence that dominated in the
fight.
On convening of the convention an at
tempt was made to defeat the nominee of
the Central Committee for temporary chair
man, Lynch being nominated by the silver
men. Tbe gold-standard people stood by
Ramsey and elected him over Lynch by a
vote of 240 to 152. After the appointment
of committees the convention adjourned
to 7:30 P. M.
This evening the temporary organiza
tion was made permanent without oppo
sition. Resolutions were adopted indors
ing the administration and declaring for
the present standard. A free-silver sub
stitute was offered, but voted down by a
majority of 57.
DECLARE FOR IS TO
South Caroltna Democrat* Strongly in
Favor of bilrer.
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 20.— The advo
cates of tne white metal within the ranks
of the Democracy of South Carolina won
in the State Convention to-day and the
delegates elected to the Chicago conven
tion will worK and vote in the interest of
free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to L The platform favors free
silver coinage and calls on the President to
carry out the action of Congress on the
Cuban question.
Senator TilJman and Governor Evans
both made speeches, the former denounc
ing the President and Northern Demo
crats and the latter advocating Tiilman's
candidacy for the Presidancy.
Senator Irby, speaking in the capacity
of the chairman of the Democracy ol the
State, warned the reform faction against
a boll, and predicted as a result ruin to toe
party in the State, not only to white su
premacy but to white civilization, as the
breach would be made a permanent one.
He said that the whole trouble was that
the party. was good enough to elect Tin
man Governor twice and to the Senate,
but was not good enough to elect him
President.
Senator Tillman was bitter in his reply
and ascribed Irby's attack on him to his
(Irbys) fear for his re-election. To this
Irby, who was seated at a short distance,
gave the lie direct. Tillman's answer was
lost in the confusion of cheers and counter
cheers that followed.
«
Populists Want Cleveland Impeached.
KNOXVILLE, Tcre., May 20.— The
Populists of the Second Congressional
District have nominated W. M. Oliver of
Knoxviiie for Congress. Resolutions were
passed calling for the free and unlimited
coinage ol ? iver at a ratio of 16 to 1. The
Omaha platform wa? indor>ed and the
Democratic administration rebuked. Presi
dent Cievlana's action in issuing bonds
was criticized and his impeachment called
for.
COLONEL SELLERS TALKS.
Plan* of the S ifi.ua/ Council of Patri
otic Amiociation*.
WASHINGTON*. P. C, May 2o.— Colonel
E. H. Sellers of Detroit, Mich., president of j
what is Known a? the National Council of
Patriotic Associations of the United States,
in an interview yesterday said the organi
zation has for its plan* and purpose the
interviewing ol both of the political par
ties with a view to inducing them to
incorporate in their platform the plat
form and principles of this order.
It is the purpose of this institution to
attend the National Jconventions of both
the old parties, with a view of presenting
to them the p.atlorm of principles, which
includes the restriction of immigration,
the sixteenth amendment to the constitu
tion, the seventeenth amendment to the
constitution, and ask the parties to adopt
their platform as a part of their platforms.
In case of failure to secure the recog
nition of the Republican National Com
mittee at St. Lou:.- or tne National Demo
cratic Convention a: Chicago, thn com
bined patriotic associations in this coun
try propose to call a convention of all the
patriotic associations of the United States,
every State to be represented, with a view
to discussing the propriety and wisdom of
placing what is called the American party
m the field.
It was the purpose, he said, to consider
all the candidates in the rie'.d. They have
been considering all the Republican candi
dates for the Presidency, and as soon as
the Democratic party reveals who its can
didates are it will investigate them also.
Regarding the so-calied Populist or Sil
ver party. Coloi;ei Sellers said, replying to
a question as to whether that party would
be considered as a factor in politics, that
the National Council had considered only
the men who are prominent in those or
ganizations, and they had not committed
themselves to any economic questions so
far as related to party politics.
Concerning whatever influence the
action of the A. P. A. woiild exert over the
"combined National patriotic associa
tions" of this country Colonel Sellers said:
"The American Protective Association
has just closed its National Convention
and all I can say is this, that if the asso
| ciation, by abolishing its advisory board,
did so with a view of assisting any partic
ular candidate in his candidacy for the
Presidency, the National Council of patri
-1 otic associations of this country, of which
! I am president will certainly not be tit
; rluenced by any such action."
He further explained that "the execu
tive committee of the National Council
of patriotic associations is composed of
both Democrats and Republicans, there
being five in the committee, two of whom
have been life-long Democrats and tnree
life-long Republicans, representing both
the North and the South.'
SOLID FOR SILTER.
Wyoming Democratic Delegates a Cnit
for Free Coinage.
CHEYENNE, Wto., May 20.— Every
county in Wyoming has given free silver
instructions to all delegates elected to the
Democratic Convention, which meets to
morrow. There will be no contest in re
gard to the financial question beyond ef
forts to prevent instructions to bolt if the
National Convention declares for gold.
There will be a contest upon the question
of indorsing the National administration
and the selection of a National committee
man.
R<*notninated for Cnngrett.
HARTFORD CITY, Ixd.. May 20.— The
Republicans ol tbe Eiishth Congressional
District to-day renominated Hon. Charks
Henry for Congress by acclamation. It
also declared for McKinley and protec
tion.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CONTEST.
Attorneys for Respondents Will Attempt
to Prove Mrs. Parker an
Adventuress.
SAN* JOSE. Cal., May 10.— Mori of the
second day of tne contest of the will of
George H. Parser, deceased, instituted by
Emma L. Parker, widow of the forD-.er's
son, was takeji up in the selection of a
jury. It is composed as follows: L. Ma
guire, James Shields, William Ross, A.
Normandiu, Georee Evans, C. E. Case, A.
L. Kellogg, i. M. Stern, S. H, Kifer, W. C.
Krieg, H. H. HasKell and Frederick Alt
ruan.
Van R. Paterson made the openine
statement for the plaintiff, Francis l£
Spencer presented the case for the re
spondents. He said the deiense proposed
to show that Mrs. Parker was an adven
turess when ?he met yonnsr Parker, and
that she said when she married him it was
for the purpose of getting some of old
Parker's money.
DOUBLE TRAGEDY
AT LOS ANGELES.
Lawyer England Shoots His
Wife and Commits
Suicide.
HIS LIFE A FAILURE.
Disheartened Over the Loss of
a Fortune ia Luckless
Speculation.
DEATH RATHER THAN POVERTY
" My Wif- Has Gone; I Will Scon Fol
low," His Ominous Words to
Neighbors.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 20.— With !
"method in his madness" and with plans
pre-arranged even to the minutest detail.
Charles W. England, a lawyer of limited
acquaintance in Los Angeles, but greatly
esteemed where known, committed mur- :
der and suicide at his home on an cmi- ',
nence of East Los Angeles last night, and ■
the double tragedy has shocked and horri-
Bed society of every grade. This young
man and brilliant attorney, made desper- !
ate by fancied grievances and wrongs at I
the hands of former associates in the bank- j
ing business at Lonoke, Ark., shot and •
killed his frail but handsome wife, to
whom he was markedly devoted, after she J
had retired for the night. The ball from '
a 3S-caliber revolver passed through her;
. head from temple to temple, and she died '
J without a strugcle.
Alter this shocking deed England busied j
himself for some time in writing letters :
and visiting neighbors, where he made ■
strange and ominous remarks about the
"departure of my wife already," and that .
he would soon go, too. One of these neieh
bors — C. F. Veitch— he asked to look after :
his stock, chickens ana other belongings. !
j He gave Veitch the following note for A.
B. Hahted, a young attorney in the office I
with Hon. T. E. Gibbon and England,
room 316, Byrne block, this city:
My Dear Haltted: As you have doubtless ob
| served, life has been very sad to me since I
j have been in California; so much so that I
j have determined to throw the burden off. My
darling wife, whose life my sadness has dark
■ ened, has just departed from me, and I expect
' to join her in a few minutes. I desire you to
take charge of the place and everything I have
and administer on my estate.
I have no: time to write more. Sorry I did
not get to talk with or at least write you more
, fully, Please send the inclosed telegram early
I to-morrow morning. Have the undertakers
take charge of our bodies at once.
Your friend,
C. W. England.
He also inclosed with the note the fol
' lowing:
Send telegram as follows: "J. E. England,
Little Rock, Ark.: C. W. England and wife
j both dead. Letter by mail." He will under
! stand this, as I wrote him Saturday, and he
l ought to get my letter to-morrow noon.
After quitting Veitch's presence he met j
a Mrs. Smart, another neighbor, and in
. quired about her husband, saying:
•I shall go away soon; I have arranged
ail of my affairs. My darling wife has
1 gone already."
The lady inquired: "When do you ex
pect to return. Mr. England?"
" Never. We are going away for good."
Prophetic, true words! This was the
1 last time England was seen alive, for he
j walked back to his home and there com
pleted his deed of life-taking by sending
j a bullet through his brain. This morning
; Mr. Yeitch went to England's place to at
tend to the stock he had promised to look
after and seeing the front blind up looked
into the bedroom. There lying on the
side of the bed nearest the window was
the body of a woman covered by a sheet,
while by her side, with his hands crossed
over his body, lay England. The alarm
was given at once and the Coroner notified.
Business reverses were no doubt ■ the
cause of the tragedy. At one time Eng
land "was president of a banking institu
| tion at Lonoke, Ark., and was wealthy.
j He lost all through unfortunate opera-
I tions and then came to Los Angeles with
! his wife. He went into Mr. Gibbon's law
office and built up a good practice. He soon
purchased a little home and seemed always
to be happy and contented.
The J. E. England referred to in the
j message to Mr. Halsted is a brother, who
i telegraphed instructions to have the bodies
interred here.
POISON OR HEART DISEASE?
Peculiar Circumstances Preceding th«
Fatal Fall of a Cyclist.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 20.— A most
peculiar accident occurred here this after
noon, which, though terminating fatally,
was only a sequel, perhaps, of a suicidal
determination on the par: of the victim.
Roy Woodcock was riding a bicycle, when,
at the corner of Figuera and Thirty-second
streets, the wheel swerved and he fell off,
his head striking the curbstone. He lay
there for some time in an unconscious con
dition and the patrol wagon was sum
moned. When it arrived, life was extinct
and the morgue wagon gent for.
Woodcock had been living with Rev. E.
R. Brainard at 914 West Eleventh street.
He was employed by the owners of the
Pacific Cycle Company of South Broad
way for whom he did odd jobs. He came
to this city from t?3n Francisco about two
months ago, and had been unable to se
cure a position suitable to one of his edu
cation, and this, together with an uncon
querable drinking habit, made him des
pondent. He had threatened to commit
suicide several times if he should prove
unable to overcome his winh for strong
drinK. His doctor had prescribed chloral
for him. This morning he tooc tbe con
tents of a bottle containing the dnu and
had the prescription refilled. All of this
chloral be swallowed, so it is said, and then
started downtown on his wheel. Thedrug
probably overcame him.
Koy Woodcock, his friends claim, was
subject to heart disease, and they believe
that this may have been the cause of his
death. He was a graduate of the Uni
▼ersity of New York, ana a Bachelor of
Arts in German University.
SALT LAKE-SAX DIEGO ROAD.
A. Conference of Eastern Ma-jnates Held
in Lot Angeles.
1,09 ANGELES. Gal., May 20.— The
presence in this city of F. A. Thompson of
the Rock Island Railroad and S. K.
Hooper and W. J. Sbotwell of the Denver
and Rio Grande Railroad has fanned into
new life speculation regarding the pro
posed Salt Lake-San Diego Railway.
Messrs. ShotweLl and Hooper arrived last
evening. They have been in conference
with Mr. Thompson much of the day.
The Denver and Rio Granue Railroad is
Colorado's most important transporting
line, and runs from Denver to Grand Junc
tion. At the iatter point it connects with
the Rio Grande Western Railway, ostensi
bly entirely foreign to the first "road, but,
in reality, pjrt of wnat railroad men call
the Rio Grande system, and which runs
from Grand Junction to Salt Late City.
For years this sy-tem has been seeking
an outlet to tbe Pariric Ocean. To further
this desire the Utah company, composed
of Mormons, organized under' the title of
the Salt Lake and Los Aneeies Railroad
Company, and built eighteen miles of
track out of Salt Lave. Money cave out
when the Great Sait Lake was reached,
and construction ceased. Then the Rio
Grande system built a road from Thi-tle
Junction on the main line to Salina, where
actual construction ceased, but the engi
neers were sent on to fct. George, a town in
tbe extreme southwest corner of Uiah.
T>> this iatter point tLie road has been
graded. In addition to thi* a corv-s of en
gineers wa* sent out to explore and oper
ate upon the most feasible route thence to
The Needles, Cai., on the Atlantic and Pa
cific, which road is very friendly to the
Rio Grande system. "From Ash Fo'-k,
Ariz., the Santa Fe. Prescott and Phoenix
runs to Pbcenix and from the latter point
the line has been surveyed via Yuma,
Ariz., to San Diego, Cal.
Lately tne Rock Island route, another
friendly road, has surveyed a road from
Liberty, Kans., to Phcenix. It is known
that the Rio Grande system and the Rock
Island are largely interested in the San
Diego road and put up mO;t of the money
for the survey.
ANTI-ANNEXATION AVIT
Action to Prevent the Addition of Suburb*
to Lo* Angele*.
LO3 ANGELES, Cal., May 20— Los An
geles citizens have been feiicitatiag them
selves of late on the fact that the city has 1
added considerable territory to its area, J
and thereby acquired additional popula
tion of a very desirable character.
This consummation has been sought for
years, and since the vote in favor of an
nexation ail seemed orderly and satisfac
tory. Now. it stems, there is to be a con
; test over the matter and the possibility of
' having all tne good work to do over again.
Suit wa« instituted to-day by the people
• of the State of California," by W. F. Fitz
. gerald. Attorney-General, upon the rela
i tinn of N. G. Ledgerwood against the city
I of Los Angeles, demanding that the city
; be excluded from ail corporate rights,
' privileges and franchises within the terri
-1 tory "attempted and pretended to have
i been annexed" at the recent election.
Numerous alleged irregularities in the
I procedure are ciied as reasons for such
(action. John W. Mitchell, r rank A. Cat
tein, C. P. Adams and F. M. Porter are
associated with Mr. Fitzgerald as attor
i neys for the State.
SAN BERNARDINO SUICIDE
August Barandon Takes Poison
That He May Join His
Wife.
She Had Died by Her Own Hand and
Her Loss Embittered His
Ex stence.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., May 20.—
The suicide of August Barandon last night
was a pathetic one. About a year ago his
mother died. Barandon s affection for her
was of the strongest possible character and
every day since he nas seen, that fresh
flowers were placed on her prave. On the
24th of last month Barandon's wife com
mitted suicide in Los Angeles and was
buried in this city. Barandon brooded
over her death and became melancholy
and morose. He paid the same devotion
to his wife's memory that tie did to his
mother s.
Some of his friends had suspected sui
cidal intentions and instructed all the
drugstores in the city not to seil him
poisons. From some source, however, he
procured morphine yesterday. He then
mred a buggy, went to his father-in-law's,
took the fatal drug and expired last night.
He left a note to his brother, saying that
he would never be contented until he was
with his wile. He also left a will, by
which all his property goes to his brother.
August Barandon had scores of frienas
in this city, where he lived for the past
sixteen years. He was 24 years old.
TO MINE UNDER WATER
Incorporation of a lompany Opening a
Patent Device.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 20.— The River
Bedrock Mining and Manufacturing Com
pany of California filed articles of incor
poration to-day. The object of the cor
NEW TO- DAT.
--.-. --_,_   ...
"At Sloane's."
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense line of patterns,
ll l2^ per yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS
CARPET
Best made, 75 cents per yard.
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FUR.TITORE, UPHOLSTERT,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Try
It
On
| Once— a STANDARD SHIRT; you'Ukeep
it on, probably, for one can hardly resist
such comfortable excellence. All dealers.
•
* 1 TRADE I 1
NB
I MARK j
poration is to manufacture and operate a
patent machine and device for mining un
der water in river?. The capitai stock is
|] 000,000, of which $1f>,076 has been sub
scribed. S<in Jose is to be the principal
place of bnsine??. The directors are: J. J.
Cherrie. E. E. Cothran. H. Dreischmeyer
Jr.. G. K. Hostetter. M. Phillips. C. W.
Quilty, G. H. SaiisDurv, J. M. Thorpe and
F. D. Wolfe.
raw to-pat;
A
SURVIVAL
OF THE FITTEST
STEIH-BLOCH
CLOTHES
AT
POPULAR
PRICES
We Tell Yon So Much
You Come and Inquire.
THE HUB,
Kearny and Sutter.
.
lam - mms.
NEVER
KEEP A REPAIR SHOP
BUSY.
Every part of the Pierce has
been carefully proved by expert
mechanics and will stand any re-
quired test.
STRENGTH! SPEED! STYLE!
$100 and $75.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ, .
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market &Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAN FEASCISCO. SACKA3LENTO.
* .
02%
"bazaar^
THE HOMELIEST BABY
Will look sweet In one of
our stylish Baby Cabs.
THE PRETTIEST BABY
Will feel proud In one of
our cheapest Carriages,
WE SHOW A CARLOAD
Assortment, not a few.
All oar Carriages have varnished bod-
ies, either wood or steel wheels, and
Patent Brakes.
C&nopy I op. Rattan Body *4 75
Canopy Top. Scroll Body, upholstered In Fab-
nquede Lax...... $6 59
Hood Top. Kartan Body, upholstered in Mi-
lanese or Bedford i ord 96 74
Hood Top, .Rattan Body, fancy o es! en. in
Bedford Cord, Plush Roll $7 75 and $9 50
Parasol or Hood Top. Rattan Body, uphols-
tered in MUanalseor Bedford C0rd..... 10 00
Hood Top, Rattaa Body, upholstered inSasine
or Tapestry 312 00 and 414 00
In addition, ire have a large line of
Hood. Parasol and Canopy Top Car-
riages, in newest designs, ranging up
N to*3o.
A specialty lv carriage repairing.
Illustrated Catalogue on application.
34
SACRAMENTO'S
GAY EX-MAYOR
Relatives Hindered Gregory
In His Wooing of the
Widow.
CHAPTER 111 EXCITING.
Mrs. Lee Asked to Deny a Rumor
of Her Engagement to
"Guardy."
OFFERED PAY, BUT REFUSED.
Brother Frank Fails to Buy Her
Silence— Hundreds of Letters
From Eugene.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 20.— Letters,
letters, letters! Ex-Mayor Gregory and
the widow of Red Bluff are remarkable
correspondents. For three days Mrs. Lee
has been on the stand identifying and
commenting upon the tender billet-deux
received from old "Guardy," and when
she was excused this afternoon the stock
was not yet exhausted. When one collec
tion is disposed of a special venire is issued
and lo! counsel for the fair plaintiff stag
gers into the courtroom under the weight
of another armful. When the case against
the ex-Mayor, who is accused of having
cefrauded his erstwhile sweetheart out of
$0000, is ended, the court would find a
ready sale among the love-lorn readers of
fervid romance.
The prosecution occupied most of the
morning session reading letters from
Gregory to Mrs. Lee. They contained po
litical gossip mixed with comments on
business and social events. The District
Attorney, in answer to a question from
Bruner, stated that he considered the let
ters "A. B. R. M.," which were explained
to mean "answer by return mail," and
which occurred at the ending of many of
Gregory's letters, as expressing more than
mere business interest.
Several of the letters were written under
apparent difficulties— two or three on
trains, one in bed and one at midnight
after the writer had returned from a ban
quet. In a letter written in bed the ex-
Mayor said :
"it is customary to take cake to bed to
produce effusive dreams, but I could not
resist the temptation to eat the delicate
morsel you sent and took your Jetter to
bed instead. It is rather difficult to lie in
bed and write a letter, using my knees a3
a desk. 1 '
Reference was made to a meeting at the
Gregory residence. Mrs. Lee stated that
she was in the habit of going to his resi- j
dence on visits. One day when she went !
there Frank Gregory met her at the door. !
He was considerably excited and asked
her if she had seen an article in the news
papers concerning her and Eugene. She
had not, and he sent out for a paper. The
Gregory family then asked her to sign a
card for publication denying the state
ments made in the papers, making her
promises of payments of $50 a month.
She went to Judge Armstrong for advice,
knowing him to be defendant's attorney,
but considered him her friend. Arm
strong advised her not to sign the card, as
it would lead to more newspaper talk.
Mrs. Lee stated that she had no remem
brance whether she had told Judge Curtis
that Gregory wanted to marry her.
"I told him what Eugene had said to
me," she continued, but was shut off by
objection.
After a short recess Bruner presented a
file of over a hundred letters to tße widow,
asking her to identify those in her writing.
This was objected to by the District Attor
ney and a stormy discussion resulted.
"I made the statement that she wrote
three letters to his one and I was contra
dicted. I now want to show that I stated
the truth," said Bruner.
Mrs. Lee nodded her head vigorously at
this, but the District Attorney admonished
her not to speak on the subject. The let
ters were finally ruled by the court to be
irrelevant.
Louis Schindler, assignee of Gregory
Bros., who had been their bookkeeper for
several years.was put upon the stand by the
District Attorney this afternoon. Schind
ier was examined in regard to Gregory
Bros.' financial standing in 1894 and at the
time the insolvency proceedings were
commenced. Among the assets shown by
the schedule of the petition in insolvency
were several claims on which lawsuits
were pending. These the District Attor
ney pronounced "dummy assets," and he
showed that without these the assets would
be over |35,000 less than shown by the
schedule. The examination of Schindler
as to transactions occurring during 1894
was objected to by defense at irrelevant,
and a hot argument followed.
A statement made by Schindler during
August, 1894, was introduced, showing
that the firm was at that time solvent.
The items of this statpment were taken up
one by one by the District Attorney and
compared with the books of the firm, and
several apparent errors were disclosed.
One of these, a note for $2000 owed to the
D. O. Mills Bank by the firm, was explained
j>fierward by the witness. Tho mistake
was due to charging the note to the bank
instead of to Mrs. M. E. Gregory, who had
taken the note np. Mrs. Gregory is the
mother of the Gregory brothers, and is
named as a creditor of the firm to the ex
tent of several thousand dollars.
RIO FIRE AT SACRAMENTO
Kent Jirothert' Stables and Several Resi-
dence* Consumed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal, May 21.— One of
the most extensive fires that has occurred
in this city for years started at 15 minutes
to 1 o'clock this morning in the Kent Bros.'
stables, the cause suspected to be incen
diary.
The fire spread to the adjoining resi
dences and two houses belonging to Mrs.
Mickles were entirely de-troyed. One of
these was a two-story structure, the other
a cottage. Kent Brothers are the heaviest
losers. Three new hacks, three iarge
picnic-wagons, each worth $500, three de
livery-wagons and a number of other vehi
cles were entirely consumed as well as six
valuable horses which perished in the
flame?, besides a quantity of harness.
Ibeit loss is estimated at* $4000, and is
total, as they did not carry a cent of in
surance. The residences of Mrs. Mickles,
which are also a total loss, were worth in
the neighborhood of $3000.
The nre obtained great headway before
it waa discovered, and for upward of an
hour the department had more than a hard
straggle with the flames. Tliq llimsy na
ture of the structures and the inflamma
ble nature of their contents all combined
to make this lipht a hard one.
When the police, who arrived first on
the scene, broke in the doors of the stable,
they found the interior a mass of
ilames. They attempted to save the
horses, whose screams were more than
human, but found it was absolutely
impossible, as in their struggles it was
found impossible to approach them. Rob
ert Kent, who is the heaviest loser, is a
member of the City Hoard of Trustees and
19 financially wrecked, as nearly his entire
capital was invested in the stable plant.
STRAW ROWSNF FINED
Fttacne JtosqueVs Surellrs I'unishe.d for
*rcrarino Faltcly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 20.—Yester
day Eugene Bosvuet, waiting the result of
an appeal from a judgment convicting him
of placing his wife in a disorderly house,
was released on bail bonds, which ißter in
the day were discovered to be worthless.
Davis Simmons, a local auctioneer, who
presented the bonds to the Judge for ap
proval, and all the bondsmen were cited
to appear this morning in contempt of
court proceedings and Bosquet was rear
rested.
Simmons and two of the bondsmen, A.
Flores and A. Barbiere, wore thia morning
lined $250 each for contempt of court nnd
instructions given to the District Attorney
to present charges of perjury before the
Grand Jury against each of the bondsmen.
A BOLT AT UKIAH.
Delegates to the Supreme Circle, Com
panions of the Forest, Leave the
Convention Hall.
UKIAH, Cal., May 20.— The tenth an
nual session of the Supreme Grand Circle,
Companions of the Forest, adjourned
to-day, to meet at San Francisco to-mor
row evening.
When the election of officers was reached
this morning Mrs. E. S. Roy was elected
supreme grand chief companion for the
ensuing year and Mrs. E. S. Halpruner
sub-chief. Before any further nomina
tions could be made twenty-nine delegates
left tht hall, owing to some dissatisfaction
in the assembly, leaving less than a
quorum present. No further business
could be transacted and an adjournment
became necessary.
A majority of the delegates left on this
afternoon's train, and others will follow
to-morrow morning, to attend the meeting
to-morrow evening. A ball was tendered
the delegates by t:ie local circle this even
ing.
VICTORIA SCHOONER LOST
Wreckage Fiom the Missing
May Belle Recovered
by Indians.
The Binnacle and Other Portions of
the Vessel Found in North
ern Tepees.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 20.— Reports
brought home by Captain McAuley of the
just-returned s-chooner Penelope indicate
I that the fate of the Macgie Mac and
Walter Earle has been shared this spring
by the Victoria Sealing and Trading Cora
' pany's 59-ton schooner May Belle, which,
' with Captain Ed Shields in command and
j a crew of six Victoria sailors and twenty
; native hunters left here for the sealing
1 grounds early in January. It touched at
; Tatoo Point, near Cape Cook, and there
; received the last of its hunters, then pass
ing out into the storm-tossed ocean and
i never again being spoken or sighted.
After the big blow of January 25, which
| severely tried the mettle of much larger
: craft, the cook of the Penelope picked
jup a hatchway bearing the num
| bers llf>B, which he took to be
that of the Belle, for whose safet>.
fears were even then expressed, but con*
. elusive evidence of its destruction was
! not secured until the Penelope was running
i home and chanced to learn that Indians
at Jacklesett had cached a quantity of
i wreckage, apparently belonging to "the
missing schooner.
He at once investigated and at the In
j dian rancheros found the binnacle of the
i Bf-lle, which was positively identified,
! with several other pieces of marked
j wreckage. This leaves no doubt that the
] vessel went down in the late January gale
i with all on board.
A peculiar circumstance in connection
! with this clearing up of the May Belle
j mystery arises in connection with the ap
; pearance here last week of Anna Eva Fay,
the spiritualistic medium. William Mun
sie, the schooner's managing owner, asked
! her at a public entertainment if definite
j news would ever be received of the lost
j vessel. She answered:
"Yes, you will have positive news of her
I before another week closes."
SANTA CRUZ'S CARNIVAL
I Artist Lemos Making Rapid Progress With
the Decorations of Arches and
Floats.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., May 20.— At the
meeting of the general carnival committee
i to-night the reports from the eub-comniit
\ tees showed very gratifying progress of
■ the work of preparation, particularly that
I of William Lemos, the artist who is build
j ing the decorations for the various station
i ary pieces and the floats. Mr. Lemos re
| ported that the grand arch, which would
| stand at the entrance to the grounds
was ready ior erection as was also the
queen's palace.
Mr. Osborne, who has charge of the
electrical work, reported that the poles
ami guy ropes sot in the river between the
audit nee seats and the queen's palace were
' ready lor the stringing of the electric lamps
! and that the whole structure would be
I completed within a week.
Mr. Linscott of the printing and adver
j tiding committee reported that the selec
tion of a suitable poster had about been
made and said the committee had arranged
I to send to the San Francisco prefs and
| other papers invitations in the form of a
j letter which, upon presentation here,
would admit a correspondent or repre
| sentative to all the pfacea of entertain-
I ment. A press committee will be ap
| pointed, which will establish a press clip
i ping bureau.
PULLMAN POSTOFFICE ROBBED.
Expert Cracksmen Open a Safe With
Dynamite.
PULLMAN, Wash.. May 20. -- Safe
crackers entered the postoffice here last
night through a rear window, blew open
the safe and appropriated about 300 in
money and $350 worth of stamps. The
combination to the safe was Droken with a
sledge-hammer anc a blast put in the in
ner door, blowing the lock out. Two reg
istered letters and two registered packages
were taken, but they were of small value.
The work was that of experts, as the safe
does not seem to be materially damaged.
TACOM A HAVE POISONED
Drinks Carbolic Acid Left by Jts Mother
Within Jts Reach.
TACOMA, Wash., May 20.-Mrs Zimmer
of South Seattle, who has been suffering
from neuralgia for some time, lefc a bottle
of carbolic acid within reach of her three
year-old child, R. Zimmer, this morning.
Ruby, unobserved, took a spoonful of the
liquid. She walked over to her mother
and fell into her arns uucouscious, dying
shortly after.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
WOMEN CONVENE
AT SANTA CRUZ
The Tenth Session of the
Southern California
Parliament.
NOTED LEADERS ATTEND
Mrs. Kate Tupper Galpin Wins
Praise as the Presiding
Officer.
MRS. COOPER'S MALE ZERO.
Her Estimate cf the Unprogressive
Man Not Flattering— Clever
Papers Read.
SANTA ANA, Cal., May 20.— The tenth
session of the Woman's Parliament of
Southern California which convened in
this city to-day, has given evidence of be-
H's [>l!y G W/rWhf
Mrs W S Rat-rile"
ing one of the most interesting and profit
able in the history of the organization.
| The brightest feminine mindsin all South
ern California have centered here for feast
of knowledge of motherhood, home and
the elevation of womankind in the high
I spheres of usefulness.
Fully 300 women were in attendance
! when the first session opened at Neill's
; Hall this morning, while in all the assem
■ blagc only two men could be seen. At the
I afternoon session, however, the sterner
i sex had become aware of the excellent in
struction that was being missed, and at
least fifty gentlemen enjoyed the proceed
ings.
Mrs. Kate Tupper Gali.in, the talented
president of the parliament, rapped for
order about 10:30 a. m., and soon the
business was under full headway. One of
the most noticeable and really astonishing
j features of the session is the remarkable
I executive ability of this woman president,
! who restores order out of chaos quicker
! than nine men in ten could. Her rulings
i are always well taken, her manner is brisk
and convincing and- the smallest devia
tion from the established order of busi
ness cannot escape her serious watch
fulness.
The session was effectively opened with
that beautiful old hymn, "Nearer My
God to Thee," in whose melody every one
in the hall seemingly took part. The
usual invocation by Mrs. C. S. Colby of
Los Angeles followed.
The tirst paper on the programme, "So
cial Needs of Country Women," by Mr«.
Mvra D. Sprague of Fairmont, was an ex
cellent sample of the good things that
were in store. In the discussion
i which followed Mrs. Sarah B.
! Cooper of San Francisco, famous
j for her extraordinary success in kinder
garten work and being further widely
known for her prominent antagonism to
the recently* deposed Dr. C. O. Brown,
toofc the most prominent part. Three
minutes only were allowed for each
speaker in discussions, and President
Galpin rigidly enforced the rule, giv:ng
way only upon a carried motion by the
house to extend a longer privilege, which
was accorded to a number of debaters.
"Why Should Women Study Econom
ics?" was handled in masterly style by
Mrs. E. D. Steele of Compton." The dis
cussion was ably led by Mrs. Eiiza A. Law
rence of San Pedro, and at the close of her
remarks Mrs. Cooper again entered the de
bating arena and proceeded to reduce the
egotistical "male man" to a large zero.
"Homes are the protection of a nation,"
said she. "A man will shoulder a musket
I and tight to protect his nome, but he has
never "been known to shoulder a musket to
protect his property or house. This Hlus
trates the importance of making homes
to protect. The best way to give people
sense is to ?ive them responsibility."
Having pushed the man zero aside, Mrs.
Cooper paid a high compliment to the
class of people designated as "common
people." in which she was glad to be in
cluded.
The first paper in the afternoon was
under the theme of "The Household, My
Mother Shall Instruct Me," by Mrs.
Minnie Hanby Jonts of Los Angeles. This
paper was the most remarkable of the
day. It dealt in plain facts relat
ing to the proper instruction of
boys and girls rs to their physical
conditions, and gave in strong terms the
harmful results of a proper lack of knowl
edge of their own bodies on the part of
children entering man and woman ht od.
The subject was bandied in a plain,
straightforward manner and contained
so much truth and sound advice that its
bluntncss was entirely overlooked oy the
men and women who heard it. It was a
plain, honest plea for needed enlighten
ment for the young, and made a strong
impression on the audience.
"It is not a question whether or not our
children shall be taught certain things
that they must learn later in life," said
she, "but whoshall teach them," and she
proved beyond a doubt that this import
ant duty belonged to the mother.
The discussion on this paper was led by
Mrs. Theodcsia B. Shepherd of Ventura,
and was carried out in the same pointed
manner that had characterized the paper
itself.
N'e.tt under "The Household" came
"Household Hygiene," by Dr. Sarah T.
Maloy of Riverside. This was another
excellent paper, treating of the difficulties
encountered by the faithful housewife,
especially in the establishment of new
homes, and giving wholesome advice as to
how to overcome them. The discussion
was ably led by Dr. Theodora Wilkins of
Pomona,
By this time the interest had so in
creased that standing room was at a
premium, a large number of extra
chairs were provided and the aisles
packed with them, but still many were
unable to find seats.
The closing paper of the afternoon
meeting was "The Housewife's Familiar
l'riend* and Foes," by Miss Minnie Reed,
of San Diego, beiiijr a scientific treatise on
dangerous microbes, bacteria, etc., their
origin and the care that should r)e taken
to avoid conditions that create them. The
discussion was led by Mrs. S. J. Me-
CJatchie of Pasadena, who gave a compre
hensive talic on the various species of bac
teria.
The hall is again crowded to-night and
the audience listened to two able papers,
The School House Beautiful," by Mme.
Carolyn M. N. Claverie of Los Angeles,
and -The Kindergarten," by Mrs. Sarah
E. Cooper.
Among the|ladies in nttendance from
outside towns to-day were MesdamesD. P.
Chapman, G. Rouse. P. M. Heath, G. N.
Ford, I. C. Hardman, C. W. Filkins and
b. B. Maloy, Riverside; M. I. Hutchinson,
J. H. Blaochard 1 , J. Collier, A. E. Price,
B. F.BflM, Myrtle Loyd, F. D. Jones, 8. E.
Marsßall, F. M. Larken, O. S. Colby, M. E.
Alexander, C. S. Wood, E. Sbepard, A. J.
McClatchie, J. A. Osgood. J. T. Galpin, F.
A.KtreeUA. H. Neidig. H. Todd and J.
SaJTon, Los Angeles; E. B. Foster and
Ella Orr, Ventura; R. V. Hadder, C. If.
Wilson, M. Kffk and Ada A. Southard,
banta Barbara; E. E. Spalding, A. S.
Marshall, E. F. Nutting, N. S. Keyes, Mar
c:a Gilmore, A. H. Credlow, F. W. Parker
Mrs. Kate Tupper G<3lpirv
Mrs Z H Mills
and C. L. Monaghan, Pasadena; E. 8.
Lewis, Anaheim ;Minnie Reed, San Diego;
D. E. Steele, Compton ; E. G. Smead, Ri
vera.
The parliament will adjourn to-morrow
afternoon.
EVENTS AT PALO ALTO
Trackmen Realize but a Small
Sum From the Vaudeville
Performance.
Money for the Eastern Trip Hard to
Obtain — Senior Clpss Week
•Features.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
20. — The trackmen gave their vaudeville
performance last night, but though the
programme contained several good num
bers a very siini attendance and a conse
quently small amount of money resulted.
The management is under the impression
that the original high prices asked for
tickets was the cause of the small house,
but the real trouble lies in the fact that
all the students are eetting ready to leave
for their homes as soon as instruction
ends, and cash is being hoarded. Ordi
narily such a cause as an Eastern trip for
the track athletes and the opportuuity of
seeing social favorites before the footlights
"for sweet charity's sake" would have
bronght out a satisfactory sum of money;
but it now seems that the trackmen will
have to devise some other scheme for rais
ing much-needed funds.
This summer will find a good many of
the Stanford faculty delivering lectures in
different parts of the country. Professor
Anderson, head of the English depart
ment, will deliver a course of lectures at
Coronado, where he spent last summer
with Professor Thoburn. Professor Flengel
goes to Chicago to deliver several papers
before the Chicago University students.
Dr. Jordan will speak in several Eastern
cities, chiefly, however, before educa
tional convention*. Professor Abbott of
the law department is planning to give a
summer law eoont at Stanford, as Ss Pro
fessor Brun of the French department.
Very few of the professors will spend tho
entire summer recuperating, though most
of them expect to get a few weeks hunting
and limbing in the mountains or at seaside
resorts, or traveling for pleasure.
The senior class is making every prepara
tion to have the coming commencement
week the biggest, most interesting and
unique week ot the kind that Stanford has
yet seen. The senior farce to be given
Monday night is one of the chief features.
All the characters will be assumed by
the best talent of the class, and us re
hearsals have been held every day for
weeka past everybody is said to be perfect
in his part. The play is called "An Inter
collegiate Affair" and is said to be the
best original farce ever produced here.
Unusually elaborate scenery and costumes
are engaged in San Francisco for the oc
casion. iSeats have sold very fast and a
big crowd is bound to attend.
The ball in the evening will close senior
class duy. Some of the finest artists in
San Francisco will supply the music for
the dancers. The programme will con
tain twenty-four dances, and the faculty
insists that the affair must end not later
than 12:30 a.m. This was a slight con
cession to the class, inasmuch as there
now exists a rule that no ball shall last
later than midnight.
. . ■»
TtsaUa foreclosure Suit.
VISALIA. Cal.. May 20.— A foreclosure
suit was filed to-day by Louise Greene
baum of San Francisco against the Tule
River Lumber Company et al. for the sum
of $60,000, with costts, interest, etc.
FOLSOM'S GREAT
ELECTRIC PLANT
Capitalists Visit the Power-
House at the State
Prison.
LONG-DISTANCE ENERGY
Turns the Wheels ot Industries
Over Twenty - Three
Miles Away.
GIVES SACRAMENTO LIGHT.
Excursionists Ride on Streetcars
Propelled by the Far-Reaching
Currents.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., May 20.— The
excursion train of tire General Electric
Company of New York and the Sacra
mento Electric Light and Power Company,
which arrived in this city at noon to-day,
carried the representatives of the largest
aggregation of California capital, esti
mated at over $200,000,000. They are the
guests of these companies, invited to view
the electrical transmission works at Fol
som. The train was a part of the Sunset
Limited vestibule service, and was made
up of one composite car, two sleepers and
a diner.
The party left Market-street wharf at 0
o : clock and the run to this city was made
in two hours and forty-five minutes. The
party consisted of bankers, capitalists and
others interested in large manufacturing
interests, besides several notable repre
sentatives of foreign powers and interests.
The excursion was arranged for the pur
pose of giving an ocular demonstration
of what had been accomplished in the
establishing of the largest and longest
distance electric-power transmission in the
world.
After a brief stop in the capital city,
during which the train wa3 invaded by a
committee of society ladies headed by
Mrs- T. B. Hall, Mrs. G. 13. Katzenstein
and Mrs. O. W. Erlewine. who decorated
the guests with boutonnieres of delicately
tinted flowers, the train pulled out and
passed rapidly through the beautiful Sac
ramento Valley, with its miles ani miles
of orchards, vineyards and hop fields,
whose green foliage gave no evidence of
the late frosts which had proved so disas
trous to the orchards of less favored lo
calities, until the histories! town of Fol
fio:u was reached. Here the entire party
was transferred to liatcars and taken di
rectly to the great darn.
The dam is a massive structure of gran
ite laid in Portland cement. It is 650 feet
long, 39 feet high in the center, 37 feet
wide at the base and 25 feet wide at the
crest. It contains about 45.590 cubic yards
of solid masonry. It is provided with a
heavy wooden shutter or fla^hboard six
feet high, which at high water is lowered
into a recess in the ernst cf a dam.
At low water this shutter is raised by
hydraulic piatons, the depth of the basin
is increased by six feet and additional
storaec capacity provided. Normally the
dam forms a storage basin or reservoir
three and a half miles loiiir, with a
capacity of 13,000.000 cubic yards of water.
At either side of the dam are nia.-sive
granite bulkheads and three hcadgates
operated by hydraulic machinery, each
head^ate 10 feet wide, opening into the
canal.
The east side canal is divided into three
sections. The first, stretching as far as
the State canal, where the water falls
about seven feet, is cut out of the eolid
granite and extends a distance of 2COO
feet. The second section is 4000 feet
long, and on the completion of this the
terms of the State labor contract were ful
filied. Thus far tho canal is built along
the face of the cliff. The third section of
the canal is an earth ditch, excavated by
the Folsorn Water-power Company, and
is 8000 feet long. The outer wall 6f sec
tions 2 and 3 carries a broad-gaugo rail
road track.
The total leneth of the canal is 9500 feet.
I Section 1 is 53 feet wide on top and 40 feet
lon the bottom. The depth is 8 feet. Ail
the water passes through the State power
house, through Leffel turbine wheels, de
j velopintj some 800 horsepower, used for
| air compressors, electric lighting and
! other purposes. Thence the water cou-
I tinues on to the Folsom power-house, at
the side of which is an immense log basin.
Here the jurisdiction of the Folsom
Water Power Company ceases, and that of
the Sacramento Electric and Power Com
pany begins.
The power-house is buiit on the site of
an old pl.icer gold mine, where a fall of
I fifty-five feet is available at high water.
It is on the west side of the town of Fol
som, is. cut about sixty feet deep and is
100 feet wide and 150 feet long. The hy
draulic apparatus consists of four pairs of
thirty-inch wheels of the McCormiclc hori
zontal shaft turbine type, each pair of
12(J0-horsepower capacity at 300 revolu
tions operating under a head of hfty-rive
feet. The steel penstocks are eight feet in
diameter and each wheel has two draft
J tubes. The governors are of the Faesch-
I Lycard type, and these are assisted
I by heavy nywheels litted to the water
wiieel shafts. The hydraulic plant also
includes two special horizontal wheels for
the exciters.
The water after having passed the tur
bines is discharged into a tailrnce canal,
which will distribute water for irrigation
over the country south and west of Folsom.
The power-house is a two-story brick
building. The water-wheels are placed in
the air between the forebay and the wall of
the Biructure, through which the turoine
I shafts pass. To each shaft is coupled a
7ao K. W. (one thousand horse-power)
general electric three-phase generator, the
largest of their type yet constructed. Each
is a 24-pole machine, delivering current at
GO cycles 300 volts and running at 300 R.
P. M. Tne exciters aro 4 poie 30 K.W.
generators, either one of which is of suf
ficient capacity to excite the fields of all
four generators.
From the generators the current passes
to the generator switchboard and thence
to nine step-up transformers in the upper
story of the power-honße. The capacity
of each transfomer is 250 K. W. They are
cooled by air blasts from blowers driven
by induction motors. In these transform
ers the pressure is raised from 800 volts to
11.000 volts and the current passes to the
high tension transmission lines, carried
out of the power-hou»e through porcelain
lined noles in the wall.
The pole line is double throughout run
ning to this city, a distance of twenty
three miles.
After a thorough inspection of the dam,
canal and prison power-house the party
was escorted through the interior of the
prison and its surrounding erounds and
returned to Folsom, where it visited the
lower power-house, containing the gen
erating plant of the Sacramento Electric
Light and Power Company.
Returning to Sacramento, the party wi»s
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
escorted through the immense carshops of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and then to the sub-station of the electric
company. This is a fireproof two-story
brick structure, having transformers on
the second floor and the dynamo-room on
the ground floor. In the main or dynamo
room of the sub-station, a iine shaft runs
the entire length. To this are directly
coupled, through friction clutches, three
synchronous motors, each of 250 K.W.
capacity, wound for a potential of 500
volts and run at a speed 0i,405 revolutions.
To the line shaft, are belted one 200 K.
W. and one 900 K.W. multipolar general
electric railway generators and two 1000 X-
W. Edison bipolar machines, all of S<JO
volts, 3nd three 100-light and two 75-iight
Brush arc machines. In this room are
also the switchboards for controlling the
synchronous motors, the generators and
circuits and the arc dynamos.
This power not only operates the entire |
street-railway system and lights the en
tire city, but is rapidly supplanting steam
power in all of Sacramento's extensive
manufacturing plants.
The party next made a tour of the city
on the electric cars, visiting East and Oak
parks— Sacramento's breathing spots —
shooting on the toboggan slide and riding
the merry-go-round with all the abandon
of a party of schoolboys, rather than staid
representatives of the accumulated mill
ions of California. The visitors invaded
the Buffalo Brewing Company plant and
partook of its product, with an accompa
niment of sandwiches, and then returned
to the train.
The list of excursionists includes officers
and engineers of the great electrical com
panies and of the gas and power compa
nies, as well as a commissioner from
Japan and a delegation of prominent
South Americans. The latter consisted of
Colonel N. P. Tisciell, special agent of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, Central
America; General Manuel L. Barillas, ex-
President of Guatemala, a heavy capitalist
and progressive man; Pedro Bruni, man
ager of General Barillas' estates; Adolph
Meyer, president of the Champerico Rail
way Company of Central America; Floren
tine Souza, "a capitalist and planter of
Guatemala.
The Japanese Commissioner in the party
is Seirio Mino, who was sent over by his
Government to study the uses of electricity
in the United States. This gentleman was
delighted with the magnitude of the plant.
"I had heard so much of this enter
prise," he said to a Call representative,
'but I did not dream that it was so im
mense and contained such grand possi
bilities. 1 shall not return to San Fran
cisco to-night, but will await the arrival
of the other members of the embassy.
"We will make a trip into Nevada and
to other points, but will relurn to this City
and make a careful and thorough examin
ation of tho system. I shall recommend
the establishment of a similar plant in
Japan on my return. One plant of this
magnitude will furnish all the power we
require."
The others in the party were: William
Angus, Joseph Brandenstcin, John A.
Britton; Frank L. Brown, Pacific Coast
representative of the Washburn & Moen
Manufacturing Company; S. C. Bigelow,
president of the San Francisco Savings
and Loan Society; J. B. Crockett, presi
dent of the San Francisco Gas Com
pany; C. A. Cofh'n, president of
the General Electric Company of
New York; W. S. Goodfellow. Bruce
Hayden; Jolin L. Howard; William F. C.
Hasson, electrical engineer; O.G. Hooker;
E.C.Jones; William Sanders, president
of the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards; J. A. Lighthipe. engineer for the
uenerul Electric Company; W. H. Mills;
Daniel Meyer; H. \V. Meek; D. £. Martin;
George A. Moore, president of the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company;
E. B. Pond, ex-Mayor of San Francisco;
W. F. Perkins; W. F. Rank; James B.
Stetson, president of the San Joaquin Val
ley Railway; F. W. Van Secklen; Fred P.
Fish of New York, attorney for the Gen
eral Electric Railway Company; R. P.
Schwcrin, vice-president and general man
ager of tho Pacific Mail Steamship Coui
nanv; Captain John T. Wright; T. L. Bar
ker, Albert Gallatin, Horatio P. Liverraore,
Chas. E. Livermore, Thos. Edison, district
manager of the General Electric Com
pany; L. P. Urexter; Charles 11. Lloyd; C.
S T . Boall, engineer of the Baler-field* Elec
tric Power Company; J K. Wilson, presi
dent of the Sather Banking Company; M.
H. de Young, proprietor of the San "Fran
cisco Chronicle; C. C. B»misn; A. Carri
izan; J. S. Hutchinson; W. G. Kerokhoff;
I. F. Moulton of the Bank of California;
E. L. Lipman^G. F. Richardson, master
of transportation of the Southern Pacific
Company; Thomas B. Bisuop; John I.
Sabin, president of the Bell Telephone
Company; Charles A. Hugg, of Spreckels
Bros.; W. H. Chickenng, A. C. Balch;
W. F. Pierce, ex-Mayor of Oakland ; James
Treadwell.one of the Corral! Hollow mine
owrjers, who are considering the use of
waste coal in connection with electrical
transmission for Stockton; Frederick Cox,
W. E. Gerber; Joseph Steffans, president,
anrt George B. Katzenstein, secretary, of
the Chamber of Commerce; T. A. W.
Shock. Mayor Hubbard, J. A. Woodson,
E. B. Willis, V. S. McClatchy, and T. B.
Hail, central manaeer of the Sacramento
Electric Li«ht and Power Company.
TAYLOR HEARD FROM.
He Says That Dr. Pnrdee Labors
Under a Migapprehenslon of
Facts.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— Q. K. Tay
lor, the Congressional Committeeman from
Alameda, published a letter to-day in an
swer to Dr. Pardee. After admitting that
Dr. Pardee would have acted fairly had he
known the truth Mr. Taylor proceeds:
The statemt nt that "Taylor wrote the ami
fuudinjj resolutions'' introduced by Mr. Short
is absolutely false. It is not stated that I
claimed to have written it, but asthisis.the
inference I deny evsr hftvinp made, directly
or indirectly, any such statement. Possibly
tho foundation for ihe erroneous rumor is the
tact thai before the committed on credentials
rep<r;ed 1 did interview delegates from va
rious counties, including Fresno, in advocacy
of an anti-funding resolution which I had
drawn and stated would be introduced. The
matter was discussed in the office oi the
Goiden Eagle Hotel hi the presence of Colonel
Kowalsky. Mr. Sl'.or:, to whom I had been
introduced by S. F. tarl of Fresno, and many
others. My understanding was that Colonel
Kox^Klsky would Introduce such a resolution,
and if he did not I intended to propose it. Mv
resolution was drawn up by myself and a cen
tleman from San Francisco.
I remember stating that I was pleasantly
surprised to hear Dr. Tardee's speech. As we
had a few moments before been voted out of
the convention, it is possible that I was
"chuckling with glee," but the recollection
thereof is not remarkably vivid.
The statement thut the delegates were con
fident of retaining their seats and that they
"felt a httlc sore over the treatment," is true
It is to be hope that they have recovered
Certain it is that although these delegates
were frozen out none of them cast any cold
glances at the Republican party. " They did
not threaten to -bolt the pany" unless seated
and no suggestion ot bolting hes been since
heard. Not one of them has been accused of
disloyalty to the party, and 1 am informed
that the two unseated delegates were the oalv
Wniia V m O Mc e Kinlev COnVenU ° n haU Cheerin « «*
In view of the 'foregoing statement the com
ments of the doctor are vow awaited.
"MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM."
A Magnificent Production to Be Pre
• enteil at the Baldwin Tneutcr.
Miss Ada Rehan and the Daly company
will produce Shakespeare's "Midsummer
Ntehi's Dream" at the Baldwin Theater
nexi Monday night in a manner more
gorgeous and imposing than ever before
attempted in this City. It may have
seemed an unusual thiiij: to do when Mr.
Daly transferred "A Midsummer Night's
Dream" to his London Theater, but its run
there of 100 nights is evidence that the
American actors were fully appreciated in
teaching the people of the land of Shake
speare now Shakespeare should be done.
Troopers at I'itali-i.
vibal,ia, Cal., May 20.— Troops v ana
I arrived in Visalia this mornine and
report all well. Troop C will have charge
of Sequoia Park and Troop I will look
after Grant Park.
THREE HUNDRED
LIVES GO OUT
Two Steamers Collide in
the Woochung (China)
Harbor.
SINK TO THE BOTTOM-
One Is Crowded With Chinese
# Passengers and but Few
Are Rescued.
WHITE SEAMEN GO DOWN.
Men From American Cruisers in
Port Pick Up Many of the
Unfortunates.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 20. -The British
steamer Onwo, 797 tons, commanded by
Captain Johnson and belonging to tha
Indo-China Steamship Company, and the
steamer Newchang, a craft of 558 tons,
collided in Woosung harbor on May 1
with disastrous results to life and property.
Nearly 300 lives were lost.
The Onwo was on its way out of the
harbor when they struck, and in less than
ten minutes after the accident it sank,
only the second officer and the third en
eineer of the crew and officers aboard be
ing saved. Two hundred and forty-five
Chinese passengers were drowned, while
seventy-five escaped.
The Newchang was also badly damaged,
but was able to reach shore before sinking.
Many of those saved were picked up by
the boats of American cruisers, several of
which were in port at the time. The
Philadelphia's men lent valuable service.
It was 3 o'clock in the morning when
the accident occurred and owing to tho
darkness and the terrible excitement which
prevailed, men who might otherwise have
been rescued perished. Further particu
lars of the terrible collision are not re
corded in the Japanese advices received
to-day by the Empress of India.
Timber for the ll. tip «C Xorerosa Mine.
CARSON, New, May 20.— The Carson
News this evening states that it has
learned from a private source that yester
day the Hale & Norcross Company let a
contract to I. Colin for 400,000 feet of
timber from Sheridan mills. It is thought
here that a boom in stocks will shortly
follow.
The feminine element is terribly in ex
cess in Germany, the women exceeding
the men by more than a million, accord
rig to the latest statistics.
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY
No physician in the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street, San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
education, ana with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional •
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of their family physicians with-
out obtaining relief. His name is a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of every
case he undertakes. Consult him. either
in person or by letter, this day. A. confi-
dential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life.
XFRVftIN DEBILITY of evef kind, name
iUjUIWIM llJCilillil 1 1 and nature, a spe-
cialty. This distinguished doctor's success in
cases of this character lias been really phe-
nomenal.
YAI \T HP ■ B you are troubled with
lvUilU Mull, night emissions, • exhausting
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, stupidnesa, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which de-
prive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
nt you for study, business or marriage— if you
are thus afflicted you know the causa. Get well
and be a man. -
ilium !Mf Til ll'lk AI n MF\ T there are
:iliul)u!wlm'ji) AiiiF \}W \IT.S, thousand.
of you troubled with weak, achinz backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine: iinpotency or weakness of
sexual organ?, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the-
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
BLOOD \l\) SKIV?S^ B^BeV»
Syphilitio Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
and healthful state.
If I lII' LT \\l\ IIDIYI|»V complaints, pain-
Km hi \\v I tin Ah I ful. difficult, too
frequent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural
discharges speedily cured.
DP 1 1*1 TV diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, Stric-
-1 111 .4 ILi tures Syphilis, Hydrocele, Varico-
cele, Tenderness, dwellings, Weakness of Or-
gan*, Piles and Fistula. Ruptured quickly
cured without pain or detention from business.
riTIRRII which poisons the Breath, Stom-
V .1 1 /illltll ach and Lungs and paves tha
way for Consumption,' Throat, Liver, Heart,
Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles. Fistula,
treated far in advance of any other institutioa
in this country.
I \lW!'\ if yon are suffering from persistent
L.ll'lii^ headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhcea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, or any other distress-
ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
consult DR. SWEANY without delay. He cures
when others fail.
WRITE 1 your troubles fully and frankly and
II 111 Ili effective treatment will be gent you,
free from observation, to any part of tne coun-
try. Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
" Guide to Health" sent free to those describ- 1
ing their troubles. All communications sa. ■•
credly confidential.
OFFICE HOIKS: 9 till 12 a. M. and 2 till
5 and 7 till 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 till 12 only
Address F. L. SWEANT, M D.,
' 737 Market Street, San Francisco, CaLKNIGHTS OPPOSED
TO ALIEN SPEECH.
Pythians Favor Rituals
Printed in the English
Tongue.
A HARD FIGHT AHEAD.
What Constitutes a Retail Liquor-
Dealer in Pythian
Eyes.
RATHBONE SISTERS CONVENE.
Fraternal Greetings From Distant
Grand Lodges Now in
Session.
Tte Grand Lc-djre of the Knights of
Fythias was called to order yesterday
morning at the regular hour and Grand
Chancellor Samuels took his position
George H. Morrison, P. G. C. and P. S. R., Who Thinks the Surriving Relatires of
Snicid;s staonld Receive Benefits.
the Pythian throne and smoothed
the leeks baci from his forehead prepara
tory t- d:::c:::.2 the cay's business of the
devotee? of Damon and his chum.
ra; past chancellors were in waiting
and upon these the Grand Lodge rank tvus
'or.terred ere the business session bega:..
A resolution authorizing the erand
chancellor and the grand keerer of records
and seal to send fraterr.a. greetings to the
Grand Lodges vow in session in the States
of Louisiana. Kar.sa?. Georgia. South Car
olina, Washington and Maine was intro
duced by Pat Supreme Representative
John H. Gyselaar. It was adopted with
applause.
A large number of queries, resolutions
and amendments were offered to the proper
committees. Among them was the follow
ing important resolution, introduced by
George H. Morrison, past grand chancellor
and past supreme representative :
JUiolrat, That the committee on endowment
be, and they an hereby, instructed to frame
■Deli legislation as will enable the scpreme
representatives to the Supreme Lodge to use
their best efforts to secure an enactment that
will nullify the law that now deprive*
the dependent surviving relatives of a
euicide from receiving the amount that the de
ceased may be insured for.
Morrison is one of the notables of the
order. Besides the offices mentioned as
held by him in the foregoing, be is 2 past
supreme master-at-armr, was in the
Supreme Lodge as a representative from
Nevada for ten years, was chairman of
the special committee that adjusted the
Pennsylvania matter when that grand
domain rebelled against the authority of
the Supreme Lodge, withdrew from the
domain of Nevada to become a charter
member of Sequoia Lodge No. 1S» and is
now a representative from that lodge to
the Grand Lodge.
The following telegram was read by tbe
grand chancellor:
LIMA, Ohio, May 20.— T0 George SamvtJf,
Grand Chancellor: I trust the work of your
convention has been moat profitable; that your
looses wiil dispense with tbe use of the rti -.a.
and that the story of Damon and Pythias may
be written in tae heart* of your members.
Walteb B. Richie, Supreme Chancellor.
The reports of the committees on vari
ous propositions were read and action
upon the same gave the first opportunity
to size tip the caliber of the representa
tives. A large majority proved themselves
intelligent, careful and deliberate and the
business of tbe hour was dispatched with
promptness.
On motion it was ordered that the pro
ceedings be printed for distiibution to the
members, the better to acquaint them *'ith
proposed legislation.
The question as to the amount to be
charged for withdrawai cards called forth
an extended debate. Many telling speeches
were made, with the result that those who
wanted the fee reduced were defeated.
The exp:-cted resolution instructing and
directing the supreme representatives to
have the Supreme Lodge reconsider the
resolution whereby lodges were forbidden
to use rituals printed :n foreign languages
was disposed of in short order. As soon
as the r?s<Mut'on was r«-ad a motion to lay
it on the uibie was made by Supreme Rep
resentative' .-.'i it was carried Dy a
r radical. y unanimous vote.
A motion was made to take the resolu
tion from the table. It was ably discussed,
bat ended in the gentleman - ho offered
the resolution finally withdrawing it, wit.'i
the understanding that it would be
•mended and reintroduced so as to con
form to tbe suggestions of Supreme Rep
resentative Carter.
Thomas E. Hudgeon. chancellor com
mander of Macs Lodge, on behalf of that
organization extended an invitation to
the Grand Lodge to visit the P-es:dio
Friday afternoon. On motion it was ac
cepted.
An adjournment was then taken until
- P. M.
Many of the members must have made
use of the recess to cram on Demosthenes
3nd Cicero, for as the great questions cf
the afternoon came up the wonderful
bursts of oratory, flights of rhetoric and
mellifluous utterances that poured forth
brought down cheers and other strone
manifestations of appreciation.
The question as to what constitutes a re
tail liquor-dealer came up in a half dozen
different ways. Under the supreme stat
utes a retail hquor-dealer cannot become
a member, and many of the subordinate
lodges have found it difficult to determine
lust what amount of liquor a man must
sell to make him a retail I I •••?r.
George E. CLurch of Fresno, past grand
chancellor, made a speech whiie one of the
many queries was being considered that
seemed to meet with the hearty ar:
cf the representatives. He contended that
the matter of eligibility should be left en
to the subordinate lodge?.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
supreme representatives to use their best
endeavors to secure from The Supreme
Lodse oScial recognition of the Rathbone
Pasadena tas entered the arena with
Hanford ar. d F.ei Bluff to eomrete for the
place of meeting of the Graxd Lodge next
year.
And now came up the amended resolu
tion relative to printing the ritual in for-
eign languages. Here was the chance for
trie gentlemen who had crammed them-
the forensic eloquence of tne
ancient rostrum to gain recognition and
fame undying.
speeches were made by Pa?t Supreme
Prelate E. T. Blackmere, Past Grand
Chancellor George E. Churcn, Inskeep of
East Oakland, Arndt of San Die^o and
Supreme Kepresen'ative Frank McGowac.
At the conclusion of McGowan's speech,
there was tremendous applause.
Buckler of Soiano, Pasi Supreme Repre
sentative Geyser, Past Grand Chancellor
Bodfish and Supreme Representative Car
ter also spoke on the subject at issue.
On motion of Representative Calepari?
the consideration of the question was
ned until to-morrow morning im
mediately after the reading of the journal.
Grim-visaged war will then be likely to
stalk about among the members.
At the cessation of the day's meeting a
number of the Rathbone Sisters paid the
Grand Lodge a fraternal visit. There
■were speeches, music and other forms of
social enjoyment. Many of the ladies
sr>oke in a humorous strain and kept tbe
audience in roars of laughter during the
whole of the v:si:.
SISTERS IN SESSION.
They Listen to an Address by Mrs.
Weaver, the Supreme Chief of
the Supreme Temple,
Tuesday afternoon was marked by tbe
meeting of the Rathbone Sisters. As in
the case of other lodges with a women's
annex, the time chosen for the grand ses
sion generaliy corresponds.
The afternoon meeting was devoted to
the reading of the reports of officers and
committees. In general they tended to
show the past year to have been very
prosperous and to encourage the sisters
for a stronger and more united effort in
tbe future.
After the reading of reports was finished
twenty-two grand chiefs were initiated
■nto the mysteries of the Grand Temple
Degree.
The session of yesterday morning was
mostly given up to listening to an address
by Mrs. laa M. W«ftT«r, the supreme
1 chief of the Supreme Temple of Rathbone
1 Si.-ters. The lecture was devoted in great
part to an explanation end elucidation of
the secret work.
The afternoon session was given over
mostly to the nomination of officers-
To-day occurs the election and installa
tion of officers and a general clearing up of
the work preparatory to final adjourn
ment.
Tuesday evening tbere was a brigade
meeting of the Uniform Rank and Grand
Vice-Chancel "or C. F. McGlashan was
chosen as bnpadier-general to succeed C.
Byron Nichols.
A regimental meeting of the Uniform
RanK was scheduled for last evening, but
on account of a meeting of the D. O. K.
K. at Pythian Castle it was postponed.
ABOUT STREET RAILROADS.
| The Commission Awaiting the Opinion
of the AttnrnfT-Gencrsl.
There was a brief meeting of the Rail
road Commissioner? yesterday, but aside
i from signing the report of the wont of the
I board Sot the past year, so that it might be
i transmitted to the Governor, nothing was
done.
Adjournment was taken until June 3. at
whicn time it is hoped to have the opin
! ion of the Attorney -Genera: relative to the
I question of the board's iarisdiction over
street railroads. Should this interpret the
constitution as givine the commission
jurisdiction in toe premises immediate
' steps will be taken to bring about a reduc
-1 tion in streetcar fares in this City.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1596.
ST. LEE WON THE HANDICAP
The Youngster One of Five Fa
vorites That Earned Win
ning Brackets.
TIM MURPHY RESTJEKECTED.
Rey Del Bandidos Defeated His Field
Imp Fuilerton Lass at 20 to 1
a Bg Surprise.
A decided improvement in the nnmoer
and class of entries drew a much larger
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting. Bay District Track. Eighteenth day. Wednes
day, May 20, iS96. Weather fine. Track fast. ,
191 4 iIKBT HACE— Six inrionss; three- rear-olds; conditions; porse $300.
Icdex.
nJex. I Hone, weight. St. 14 y, m
Horse, weight.
,-..
:*: *
t:r. . Fin.
Fto.
Jockeys. o^
i .
Jockeys.
I Bettln?.
Op. CL
CL
1-20$ Jim Bozeziaa....lo9 3 : 12 12
1209 3kalkaho 112 5 3 1 31
11S0 iCoda 107 7 6b 6
1209 Sweet Brier 107 8 81 7
1167 Benham 112 4 714 8
1202 Masoero 162 1 4 : 4 2
1209 j Japan 109 9 10 1 9
1178 Prmmie 107 2 21 2b.
1176 May Jones 107 12 11 1% 11
740 Bell Oak 107 15 15' 15
1208 Imp-Endymion..lO9 11 12 h 12
1146 Trappeaa 112 6! 51 5h
518 Charlie Boots 109 10 9 1 10
771 Miss Lncy 107 13 113 1 13
1149 VcaOnak 112 14 14 14
1202 Veragoa 109 left 1
12 ! 12
214 i 2 3
5 31
6 41
7 I 53
42 i 61
9 7 1
32 8 Vi
10 9 1
11 10
12 11
8 12
13 13
14 14
15 15
Bozeman 3
Fell 6
Snider i 12
Powell 1100
W. Carroll 3
C. Weber 15
Koss 50
Hennessy 15
jWjcKline 103
Ames J 50
Coaay 12
Buns 40
Shields 3
H. Wilson 60
senroagh 20
, Johnson. 10
3
8
12
100
5
40
200
30
200
60
40
60
2
100
100
30
Starting-gate used. Won handily.
1:16.
Winner, Mrs. K. SiarSey's b. g, by Major Bac-1-
Time,
-I 91 «FCOND RACE— Five and a half farlonics; selling
I-IU. purse *300.
. three-year-oKls SDd upward:
: conditions;
laiex. Hors^. age.weighu : S:. :t: t Vt ** ~ r Fin - ' : J««*ey«- O p. Cl.
In£ex.
Horf-e.. age, weighs .' !*:.
-*
■-:
s;r.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Belting.
Op. Cl
| : ! . . !
1201 TlmMcrphy, a.llO 1 3 2 21 2-, 12 L10yd.... 3 5-2
1207 Miss Gentry, a.... 110 3 12 11 11 2 4 «. Carroll * 6
12O*j Dnch«s,3 93 10 72 5h 51 S«, w!e V ,g 15
1213 Crawford, 6 110 7 51 6 2 62 4-, M. Bergen 12 25
1208 Card well. 3 102 6 42 42 4 1 63 Martin 50 150
1201 Nell Kahertv, a. .110 5 2i£ 32 31 65 bchroagh. 3 5-2
867 Boreas. 4.. ...... ..112 4 &P 81 84 72 shields. 5-2 3Vj
1195 Irma.s. 105 11 10 2 9 1 9 S p. 11 """ i)f ,AX
1191 Reco.a. 114 9 6h 73 72 9 C.Weber. 20 100
1116 George C. 3. 95 8 11 11 11 10 ■">> IC £ 300
1195 ,'sooladaln, 4 107 2 i 91 10 4 10 2 11 Burns 60 100
rwillßd csed. Won handily. Winner, White * C.t.-kt's m. p., by map. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R.
Time. 1:081^. ! '■ ll^i
1216.
THIRD RACK— Foor furlcnrs « ..::g: twp-year-oids; allowances: perse iiiO.
JtCex. Eorse, welghu St. jVi Vi *4 !
Sir.
Btt.
I c.
Fin.
! Jockeya oT el.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. l : .
(HS2)jDuiiboy 107 3 1 1
1196 Horatio -103 2 3h ]
1189 Jerilderio 103 7 6
1196 Howards. 10« 5 5 2
10v6 Torpedo. 110 1 VI
Lady Heloise 110 8 *1
1196 The Plunger 102 4 7
9-9 Dr. Martin 109 6 8
.. Vanish 103! 9 9
: 38 Destra B8 left
1 2
31
6
6
22
4 1
I
9
...
1 1
■. 2h
31
41
52
6b
73
52
9
I
1
L
[
I
toady 7-10 3-5
jßowao SO 40
Shepard 15 20
Hennessy 3 11-2
Shields 5 3
Espinosa 20 100
B«aarhamp i N) 150
L. Lloyd 15 100
Martin 30 50
. Johnson 1 10 SO
Starting-sat* used.
Won ti
Winner, Lone stab
ile'e eh. g., by Imp. Loyalist-Spray. Time,
MM,
-1 .7-1 «r FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap;
; tLree-year-olis ard uf ward: purse 9400.
Index.' Hor«e, age, weight St. i 1,4 M ' "U But . Ka. ; Jockeys. opT CL
Index.
Hor«e, age, weight.
S:.
-*
.-T.
:-■;
B.
Jockeys
Ee:t:ng.
Op. Cl
(1195) i 5: Lee, 3 -.105 3 41 3n 3 li* 21 |1 Vi jJohnson 3-2 3-2
1156, (abriiio. 4 116 2 32 22 21 32 23 jCoady 4 7
1196 'Bellicose* 110 1 14 13 12 11 82 Sr.id*r 3 2
1171 ! Jack Rlchelien, a. 90 53h5 5 16 43 iFraw1ey. ........ 12 12
1200 llnnigator. 3 93 4 5 4^ 4h : t^ 5 IBntier. ' 5 7
Siartinrgaie nsed. Won driving. Winner, S. C. Hndreth'i b. cby imp. St. George-Lcve*.
Time. 1:41-^ ' •
TOT i! FIFTH RACE— Six forion^: selling: loar-ye*r-ol<is and upward; conditions; allowances:
1 — iC. purse ?300.
Jtdex. Eor»e. a**, weight. Bi.} U| Vi % Str. lit | Jock.ya. Up. O.
Jockays.
Bt;iiE)t.
Op. CL
; I : r
1203 PoI&skI. 5 103 2 31 2Vi 2 1 11 (Martin 6 "-2
120* lArco.4- 101 1, 1? 11 11 16 Rowan 4 .7-2
1400 Three Forks. 5. 106 6] 2*4 31 I II 3 % IFrawley.. 4 7-:
1304 Verdette.4 107 5 4-, 4 41 41 Hennessey 4 6
1099 LlttleTonsh, a,... 103 4 ol . 5 Mj 52 Ames. 15 20
1204 Tamalp&ls, a_....103! 10 82 8 8 6 1 WiekUae 100 150
1116 Llnville. a. US 9i 119 7 7 2 Ross. I 8 12
1209 Treka, 4 106 11 11 10 10 8 2 Peoples- 15 40
1191 B. ol stonewalL4.lO9 8 6H; 6 6% ' 9 a Bozeman. , 8 25
1099 Normaodie, 3.....111 14 j 14 14 111 10 1 Snider. ' 8 10
1203 Svejijrali. 4 1« 612 ' 12 12 13 '11 V, FeM.. 15* 75
1149 JoeHiil.a. 113 13 13 13 14 12 2 T. Williams ....I 15 60
i:-7 i Rapid o. 4 107 7 9 1 11 12 13 10 Schroaeh. 10 20
79 jß^lßose, 6. 11l 3 7 1 7 9 14 IShepard 100 100
(Waning gate used. Won easily. Wicaer, Owen Bros' b. g., by Captain Al-Gold Cup. TiaieT
lOSM.
101 O SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; three-yrar-olds and upward; penalties;
lIU. $350.
parse
Index. '
Index, j Horse. age, weight.
rUß4}|By del Bcdido*,3. lo6
1205 i Walter J. 3 103
(1 1 99} i Commission, 5_.. 11l
1200 Lon* Lady.3 90,
(1 191) 'Myrtle H. 3 83
1205 juov. Badd. 3. ....100
1210 Ricardo. & 11l
1207 JOakley, i 107]
Horse, age, weight. :
m
6t.j
6
5
4
I
1
B
7 5
3b
1 2
5h
8*
■■*
6J5 1 5 1
24 2 2
5- 2 4 - :
I -
16 14 11
! 710 7 8 7 6
3h 63 62
I 8 8
Fin. j Jockey. Op.
1 2 tCoady R-5
2 1 H. Martin 5-2
8 ll^ L. Lloyd ■
4 2 Frawlc-y 6
5 *■£ Johnson 40
6 5 Rowan SO
7 3 C. Weber 15
8 H. Wilson 7
Fin.
Jockey.
King
op. a.
a.
7-5
13-5
6
150
10*
20
15
Start :r:-?»te used.
Time, 1 .-27»i.
Won easily.
Winner, Lone siabie's eh. c., by imp. True Bn;on-Emma Collier.
Iv>OA SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
I—~U. ances; pane *300.
four-year-olds and upward ; conditions: »!:ow-
Index.
Index. Hone, age, weight. .-:■ hi % **
, Horse, ape, weight.
Bt,
hi
818 Fin. ; Jockeys. <£*'<
sir.
Fin.
Jockeys.
beam*:.
op, a
-
CL
___! I I.
1197 Imp.FullrtnLss.s.lll 4 \ 6h Sb
1*207 bleeping Child, 4.101 3 *hi -yi >
1177'ADiP.a 114 6 j SV* 2h i
1203 America. 4 101 9 9 6b
1195 Silver State. 6... .111 7 BVi *1
(11&7) My swee:b<-aru4 '.09 11 11 11
1213 Johnny Capron.4.l ll 8: 7 a i 9
(1058 Hyman. a. 113 5 2% la
1209 Ml. Air. 4 104 10 10 10
1195 Haoford.4 11l 1 in 4»£
1204 Pecksniff, 5 106 2 1^ 3 1
I t 1 *"
5 1 12 Snider 10
31 2h Brown 15
ill 32 <:. Water I
6 h 4 1 H. Smith.. 3
8 a 5 1 Hennery 5
9 y, 6 1 L Llord 20
10 7 lVs Esplnosa 30
I»£ - . Shields 3
11 . 82 Manin I
414 ,10 10 Boz-man .0
I 7 a 11 B*rgen 6
15
40
: l
6
7
60
50
11-6
8
40
4
Starting-gate used.
Time, 1:16.
Won handily.
Winner, Snabbona stable's b. m., by Fullerton-Castawav.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
Is race* where tbe norses have bo record »: the distance to be run the records a: the next nearest
distance are (riven.
Aobreviations— F. , fast; Fa., fair: H., h»ar ; m.; mile: i., furlong; •, about.
.FIRPT RACE— Fire furlongs; »elling.
Best
Lbs record.
Din.
Lbs Tk.
lc<sex-
Nima.
Owner.
Fe<l!fr*e-
-625 Dors*? lO9ll:01Vil 5f 101 P-. D. A. Nunar Cyclone-Kate Carson
1181 Hal Fisher 115 i K. F. MaJey Buck Wa'.ton-AHce
1055 Jim Corbett 11211:14*,; *t> f 105 F... W. H. Bowen. WUdMle-B*eaMl
i 309 Cblnooit 107 Wm. Dixon. Imp. Blackbird 11-Charitr
1181 Bordeaux 112 . C W. Cbappel Imp. Mariner-Eufaula
ISIS Myron. 109jl:08Vi &Vi f 91 F. I. Ramwlell. Ip. -Mldlotciaa-br an Tom
1203 Gracie S. 110 1:06 5f 104 F... Mnsto * Kuy«- Prince NorfoJk-Gilroy Bel c
1203 Bert 11-' J. L. Crooka Asterllx-Hannab X
1220 America 107 I>. J. Tobln. „ I Red Iron-Lou B
1194 Harry Lewis.... 112 J. Madaox VersallJe»-Ooasln Kate
1186 Garcia. 112 H. Elliott Wildidle-.NiphihaTvk
1191 |fc*UieCalvcrt... 107 Mrs. Goddard Jim Gore-Mollie Pitcher
SECOND RACE— Six foriODgs: seUinit.
B<»M
Lbs record.
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
li in
Name.
Ovner.
Pedigree.
1206 Toano 11l i:14% S f
llfl.H H?art«ase 95 1:14» 4 ,6 1
IIP? Model 108 1:143 4
1208 Easel 97 1:17 6f
1167 Affla:as 95i1:18% 6 f
1201 Gold Bus. 1111:17 til
1191 MoUießawn.... 103 1:04 5f
1191 Modie X 105 1:06^4 51, f
1199 J^a Spray 109 1:141-, 6 f
1201 Banjo 109 1:".«* 4 6f
1194) O'Fleet*. 10711H>9 5-, *
106 F. .[Win. Rloombangh. Lon^felJow-Salara
101 jF. Jj. V. Humphr^r... Imp. Krrle Daly-Extract
100 F. . California stabie .. Imp. Sir Modred-Gypsy
99 H.. \Voodla*rn»:able... Ben Alt-Kira
10-. F. . W. D. Randall Imp. InverneM-Afflnlty
106 F. . J. Hunter. Pi«»bnrß-MoUie .-
-10« H..JJ. Woods Stniax-Shannon Beroa
lO'J;F..J. Bobbies ; Imn, Manner-!, ont*-nac
100 F. . P. Slebenthaler Imp. M»riner-Mar»rette
lll{Fa.!Odell stable. Per-?erin— Lady Foster
)109iF. .\J. M. Buckley (Harry O" Kalian-
THIRD F.ACE-»Haif a mi>: sellns; i« o-year-olds.
I Best |
Lbs record.!
r>ls:.
Lbs Tk".
Index.
Nam*.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1182 Bobexnltn Lass 106 corvc . j ... Bohemian stable.. . ] Flam beau-imp. *meiia
1216 'Torpedo 108 :.'O >£ m '102 F.. M. J. Keilr ... Racine-imp. Ouida
1174 Widow Jones.. 105 Ino rec i D. J. Town •*!- Andre tf-Hattie Ball
121 Tortoise.. llOjnorec.l B. Powe Brown Fox-Turqaolse
11S8 Kebekaa.. ...... 105 no rec., L. M. Applebv Imp. MtTriwa-Hai'-drop
1188 >*nta Paula... 105 no r«: C. I. Tfcacker. San:a Dot tie Dimple
1182 Dolore 105 :50 :, m 97 F . Pneblo stable.. ...;.|WiMidle-Kose«e
jroi'KTH Rai E-Shon course; about one and a half miles: steeplechase.
I J j Best i 1 i
Index. Name. Lbsinecordj Diet. Lb» Tk.
Owner.
i'edigrea.
1218 Bell* Stonewall I J 26 jno m-. ........ N-acara stable.. .... jS?endtbrifi-Miss Nt:>r
(1177) Huntsman — 126 no rec ... p. Herrop Prince >'or'olk-Haidee
1210 iDoke Stevens.. 125;n0 rec ... L. ..!... O. Appfeby Dnke. Norfolk-Edna X
(1211) Arnadel. 133,2:06»,is l^ta 135 F.. Flood more stable . DuKe Norfolk-Elaine
1176 Hello 140 *li-jm 155 Fa. O. Y. Johnsoo sid-br K«-ve He
911 lilesior....; 135 :■«:.: '•lVim!l2'j;F.. F. Farrar Falsetto-WoodUrk
1211 jTneLark. |l-:3!3:22^!»14-a ajl29|F.. l'iea*anton stable.. Wildldle-by Monday
FIFTH RACE— OaeiaUe: selling.
Index. Nasae. I bt rerord.
Dial
LbsTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
I '___!
I I
I-.'IO May Day 105 1:411^ 1 m : l'» 4 F... A. B. MiUer...- j Joan A-L uer.a R
1103 Ducn. MOplias.jlOO l:4lV*il m 9*« F.. Klmwood larmiDnke Xorfo!k-Ledet:e
(1161) Candor. l«0]l:16 6f li 7 F.. T. Paillips Imp. Dar^bio-Mlss Clay
(1197) I'ncle Giles 105 1:46 - 1 m lOtiH.. >eva<la stable El Rio Hev-H. Hnmrhfer
I!6<} TbornhUl 105 2:10V3ll 1 4ia 105 F... T. Uindy Imp. Cheviot-P. Anderson
1197 strattfiotrer....JlOO 1:42*« 1 m 1 00] Fa *. F. Sanders . Strain o.oi«-F]wer of X-h-.Z
IVO3 Symp. Last (10: 1.... Austin & Co. Fair Plav-Sympa: "
1204 All smoke 100 L. Stephens. Imp. Siifc Goua-OnJ nance
1210 Tar and iart«r. . . : j-/tm 104 Fa A. G. Jlorr.s Hindoo- Brans bale ita -
11»7 JUttlc Cripple.. 102 1:56 jIX-Jm 102F... J.Weber Im.Plr.of Penrce-L s*taohp«
crowd to the track yesterday than on
Tuesday. Seven events were decided, of
which number the favorites succeeded in
capturing five. Imp. Fuilerton Lass, who
disposed of her field very cleverly in the
last race on the programme, was a 20 to 1
chance in the betting.
The good colt St. Lee gained fresh
laurtls in the mile handicap, taking that
event in thegamest possible fashion after a
gruelling finish with Cabrillo. The three
vear-oid was a prime 3 to 2 choice in the
betting, with Bellicoso a heavily backed
second choice. The ianer horse led until
within a furious: from the wire, where he
was passed and closed in on by Cabrillo
and the erst choice, who fought it out to
the stand, St. Lee winning by hall a
length in 1:41".
After considerable of a rest-up the Cliff
stabie's gelding Charlie Boots came out and
was made a 3 to 1 choice for the opening
event of the day, a six furlong run, his
price later being played down to 2. He
was away from the post poorly and cut lit
tle ngure in the running. Jim Bozeman,
who receded in the betting from 3 to 5 to
1. made all of the running, and, ridden out
beat the 8 to 1 shot Skalkaho two lengths.
Coda, an outsider, was a fair third.
The old roan warrier Tim Murpuy dis
posed of a fast lot c. sprinters in the five
and a half furlong dash that followed, in
cluding among them Miss Gentry, Nell
Flaherty, Duchess and Boreas. Around
post time Tim and Nell Flaherty vied with
each other for first choice honors, the ring
laying 2 : : to 1 against either. Boreas
opened favorite but receded to 31..3 1 .. The
bmiet-fast Miss Gentry went out iv front
like a ghost, leading until opposite '.he
draw-gate, when Tim Marphy overhauled
he and won by two ier.eths in l:08}£.
Duchess finished in the show.
The Imp. Loyalist youngster, Dun boy,
again scored "in the four-furlong spin,
starting a3to 5 favorite. He made all of
the running and won at the end with little
to spare in 4t% seconds.
Fourteen ordinary platers lined np in
the fifth race, a sis-furlong run, decided
under selling conditions. Around post
time there was no pronounced choice, the
ring laying 3 5 . to 1 against Three Forks,
Arno and Poiaski. The hordes named
were out in front a!i tbe way, and, through
superior riding. H. Martin got Poiaski
past the wire a short half length before
Arno.
A much better field went to the post in
the seven-furlong event that came next.
Rey Dei Baodidos ruled an 3 to 5 favorite,
which was rubbed to 7 to 5 before the
horses were called on;. Walter J. was in
strong demand at 13 to 5, with Long Lady
and Commission fancied in the order
named.
The 150 to 1 shot, Myrtle H. made a
surprising showing of speed in the early
part of the running, leading Walter J into
the stretch by a length, when her bolt was
sbot and she fell back. Walter J then had
it his way until well on toward the wire,
when ihe favorit* came strong on the in
side and took the race by two leneths. In
a fierce drive Martin on Walter J snatched
the place from Commission by a iength.
The final race of the day.'a six-furlong
sprint with a neid of eleven starters, ended
in a victory for imp. Fuilerton Lass, rid
den by Snider, who was backed down from
20 to 12 to L The outsider came last on
the outside the last iurlong, and, passing
Abi P and Sleeping Child, who were iead
ing, won by a couple of lengths. Place
honors went to Sleeping Chiid, who at one
time was quoted at SO to 1 in the ring.
The 11 to 5 favorite Hyman finished up
eighth after leading into the stretch.
TEACS AED FADDOCK ITEMS.
In a letter received yesterday by Starter
Ferguson the well-known Eastern writer.
Broadchurch, writes that patents have
been applied for seventy-two different
styles of starting-machines.
Edward Corrigan leaves for Cincinnati
to-night. Tom McGee accompanies the
master of Hawthorne.
The jadges were not over-e!ated with
Hennery's ride on Howard S. and a little
more discreet handling of a horse tnat re
cedes in the betting might prolong Mich
ael's days of usefulness in the saddle.
NeU Flaherty 40 tol, circles around the
moon. Nel: Flahertv 2}^ to 1, moon
around the circles. S-c-h-r-o-u-e-h un
doubtedly spells Schroagh, and after one
more such appetizing ride as the young
man who bears that name put up on the
fast Little Alp mare as that of yesterday,
and the turl congress should willingly give
;ts consent to allow a change to
T-h-r-o-u-g-h.
I; was not learned •whether Boreas
slipped his muzzie or ran away seven
miles before breakfast. A: any rate for a
horse that was quoted at such a'sbort price
la the betting and had the "Barrier cham
pion," Shields, up to do the piloting, he
cut a very sorry figure in the race. Down
in the paJdock it was whispered :ha: the
stable swipes did not like his chance, as
he is a horse that wants a race "under his
belt" before showing his real worth.
However. Owner George Rose must have
fancied his brown colt, for he ied the way
by chalking him up at a good light figure
in the opening betting.
Torpedo exhibited a vast quantity of
speed, and had the distance to run "been
an eighth instead of half a miie would
have been a strong factor in the race. He
backed up about as fast as his odds did at
the ciose.
Paul Ridley, who, up to the last race,
was a loser on the day's booking, palled
out winner by backine the cherry-ripe out
sider, imp. Fulierton La**.
****^*^™ 1 you need a good blood
medicine, if you are in . search of a
bowel regulator, get the best, and you will
find the best to be
Testimonial.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle- :
men: I wish to thank you gentlemen for
the great good wnich your Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla has done lor my weak eyes.
I thought I would soon go blind, 1 was
actually losing my sight. My eyes were so j
weak I had to stop readme day and night.
Jessie read the papers forme. After using j
four bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa- j
rilla I put away the green glasses and can i
now see as well as I ever could. My blood
is in good condition. I am not weat: at
all. Yes, Ido praise your Joy's Vegetable !
Sarsaparilla. No one should take any
other sarsaparilla but Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla.
Signed, JAMES ANDREWS,
Point Lobos aye., San Francisco, Cal.
You Can See
What's ON a Bicycle. We take
Pains to Show What's IN the
Beautiful Waverley.
$5 $2
Firat P*yt Per Week
Catalog and Application Blank Free
This offer applies only •to residents of San i
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda
Oakland Agency
7th St. San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
IS k 20 McAllister M.. San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
TO-DAT.
*fii£ ¥
Peparttient *
%£/* -Market STREET. %
\
Opens for J
■ ■ .*z»
Inspection!
SATURDAY, !
'I
May 23, 1896. $
Afternoon 2 to 5 o'clock.' %■
Evening 7:30 to 1 1 o'clock. T
*
Concerts Afternoon and Evening by The Emporium Or- *h
chestra under the Direction of Mr. John Marquardt. "^
. :*
*
f
Opens for 1
Business!
o^i ncssf
&W EL JL JBl As * f r
MONDAY, }
May 25, 1896, $
8 A.M. *
, -^
.-. .-i*. ••!-. ••*-. .-i*. .•*•. ••!-. .•!-. .-i*. .-i*. ••*-• --!•. --t-. .-4-. .-{-. .-I-. -•!•. •*-. .-£-. .-1- .••- .■.«■••. .V^.
I BIG REDUCTION L\ RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTLANp. OR.
SATURDAY MAY 23
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market su. at «>. m.
(JC fl n— Lndndins Bertli in Pullman Tour-
OwiUU isi Sleeper.
....ALSO....
. First -class tickets. Including berth In C? 1 A.OO
Pullman Standard sleeper. t5-LU__
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Tills train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*- •
i tenders at intermediate stations, nor win tickets be
i sold or baerace checked to such points.
£3^" Through Tickets for Facet Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Rates.
i For further information a-pJy at
613 MARKET STREET < Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, . T. H. GOODMAN.
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN MtiFir costi»A?rr.
(rAcirir si stem.)
T ri»i»» inn w ni nre cine to arrive at
j SAX nUMUM,
leave - FnoM Mat S. 1596. - arrttb
♦6:00 a Nile*. San Jose and Way Station.* ... •».«.-,;
.:OOa Atlantic Express, Ugicn ai.d Bm*. . *:45p
4 >Ooa Benicia, VacaTiUe, Rurcser. Sacra-
nento. and Redding vi» I>avia.... 6:45 ?
7^9x alartiaex. San Ramon, Napa, Caiis-
___, _tos» and Santa Eos* «:15p
8:30 a Sites, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacracaeiito, Marjiriiie, Re 4 Bluff
M _ _^. _.«adBusdayßexcarptedOrorille 4:13?
: •S:3oa Peters ai.il Milton »7:15p
•:OOa Los Armeies Express. Fre«no, SaiU
Barbara and lx* Augelcfl 4:4^f
».OO a Martinez and Stockton 10-15 A
9:OOAVallejo 6-13p
1.-OOpNiles. San Jose and LiTermore *:4r,\
•I:OOpSacrr3iei;toß'.rerSteAina3 •D.oop
»l:30p Pert Cocta and Wiy Stations t?:l3p
4:©Or Martinez, San Rair.o:>. VaUeio
Kapa, Calistoga, I.l Veraoo and
Kautallosa 9:13 a
<:••* Betikia, Vacaville, WoodUml,
KnicbU Landing. Marjrri:)e.
"-■--; Orotille acd >o<xaJiiOnto 10:43 a
«:a»p>i!es, San Jose, LiTenaore and
-■^2. Stex-kion 7:13*
4:30? jlereed. Reread*. P.^jmond (for -
_ _. _ Y«WlB»e)aadFlrWßo 11:44 a
O:»tP >cw Orleans !"ie»iio.Eaiei»-
CelJ. SanU O»rb&ra,Lcs Ai j-'.m,
_j Desiiug. Ei Paso, Xew Orleans and
E*st I*:lSa
st©op SanU Fe Route. Atlautio Kxpreas
forMojare ami East 10:15*
3:»«» V _« 11:45 a
6:OOp r.uropean Mail. Ojilen and l-a«t 9:tst
«:«Opl!ay«rara.«. :-;il»aiu>.l Sail Jose 7:43 A
:7:oorVaUejo t~:43p
7toop Oregon Kxprew,S*crAn<ento, Mar; 6 -
<■.... T.i Ming, Portland. Puget
Som i kl and }.z=: 1»:49a
. SA.MA (lit / IHVI-.10.S Narri.T iZH~.
! J7:43a sact» Crir Exrnrsior.. Sacta Cruz
asd Pricdpsl Way Stiticc* J»i»4p
S:l3a »vrark.CeiiterT;i!?,San.Tase.Fe!tc3,
Cculder Creek, Santa Cruz M & Wa y
btaUon!" iiMp
•»:I*P >"cwark. Cent<7T!lle, San Jo»e. New
Alma Jen. Felton, Itodder Creek.
Santa Cmi and Priadpal Way
Stations- .~. •] 1:20 a
4:13p Newafc >»:. Jc-se and Loa (..t'.ca 9:3#a
COAST i"HVIM»X .liiir.lX"lowii>.«-it.| St^.)
•6i43A .San Jose »i»l Way M«:.- :;s <,Xew
Alsadfn Wednes'laya onlj) *1:43p '
1 t7:3OA Sunday Excnnisn for San Jew.
Bacta Cruz, raciric Grore, and
Principal Way Stations tSiSSp
; •:13a San Jc*o. Tres Piuof, .Sauta Cruz,
! Pacific Grove, Paso Rot;e«. &aa
: I. aii I ' -M •••. Gcadzlupe £»).» Prin-
cipal Way Staiiocs 7:05p
:9:47a Palo Alto aad Way St^icas t>:43p :
l*:4Oa San Joso aau Way Stations A:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto ar.l Way stations 3:30p
*X:3or .-s*-i Jose, Gilmy. Trts Pino*. Banta
f^nz, Sxllnas,aonterey awl Pacific
<JroTe *I*:4»a
>a:i.iosoaodFriiicip.-.I WaySutiou* »:47a
•l:3O:- San Jose ao<) Way htadoaa »%:00a
Is:3OpSaa Joso aD'l Way Starions *«:4«»a
O::u»p San Jose and Way Stations 6:35 a ;
U i • t3 r S»r. Jose and Way Stations 17:43p
■SA> l.r.AV'»K«> AM* HAIWABDS LO< AL.
! t»3:OO\ I ! " " ( 7;i5.
•«:OOa j fO:»r, A I
,2.^ Melr«e,B«l»ar J Fark, »^J|*
ll 4:g* Fltehb^SaaLeandr. «:»|^ |
•1:00p ** " 3:45p
*%£ MaxwaNa. £«£
7.-^>P t»:l-»i
Oifynr • Rom thrsajb to Nilei nitr
tt»:lspj tFrouyUes. '. «t;-^O»p '
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
, ft«= SIS 1 SiSCISCJ— Fast or Market Street (Sa? S)—
•7:is '.-. 0 LfeMajt, ::^fl •:::: jj:::
•mo js::o **m**.
frwa OlOiro— Fe«t »f Srsid«T.— ■ «€:00 B^so
io^oi.x. ti2.-:: *lS ' 13:30 *3:00 ti:»
*i»:CJrjt.' . , . -
. !
A for Morniiij. . P for Afternoon.
• SuauaTi excepted. t Saturdays 0.-.lj '
„_ , i Sunday* only. .
U M osdaT. ThTir«<l£y ai.l Saturday nkhti only. i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Si\FRAMm'O&.\ORTHPA.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market 3*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEXK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. it- 12-35.
3:30 5:10. 6:30 P. U. Tharsdays-Ektra
-1:30 p. x. j-aiordays— Kxira trip* a; I:s °
ani 11:30 p. k.
SI'XDAYS- 7:30. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:34
5 00.6:20 p.m.
San Kafaei to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a it-
9 * 11:1 ° *' I:4 * 3: **
BetTf (*n San Francisco and Scfcaetsen Park aama
schedule as above.
San&nc-iscc, , j^'g " l_Banjgg, caL
7.30 am 7:30 au Xovato. 10:40 am 8:40 a*
3:30 PM 9:30 am Pettluca, ; 6:05 pm 10:10 am
s:lopM|s^X>PM!Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 p£
_„_ Fulton, ' j r
7:30 AM Windsor, 10 : 10 AM
HeaJd3bor*,
3-^0 pm 7:30 am! G^yserville, 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
3:30 pm . :30 am Clov^rdaJp. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
- ~. ! i'.r:a.
i :30 AM HcDland &. i 10-10 Ail
3:Bopm 730 am: t'laah. I 7:30 6:15
7^o am; ,~. j i 10:10 am
j7:3oAMjGuerneviUe. . 7:30 pm
3-30 pm! j ■■ 6:15 pm
r^S** 1 : 22 am Scnoraa 10:40 am 8:40 am
s:3opm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I I Glen Ellen. j
3llgpgll;Eg^l^ t cpoi.j 1 6^pMl 1 6;Ig^
' j --s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
bprlues: a: Gevserville for Skacg* Spnnrs- at
■ --a!* for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
spnnps, KelseyvllJe, Soda Bay and l.ak-por;: at
Hop-laud for Lakeporf and Barrett s-.r:nc*- a:
Lkjaa for \lchy Spr.ng*. Sara:ora Spiiam, Blue
Lakes, Laurel I*ll l Lake, Upper La^e. PomS, Potter
NiJley. Joan Day's, L4eriey>, Bactnell's, Sanh&d-
rtn Heights. Gravelly Valley. Booneville. Oreen-
wood, Orrs Hot Springs. Mendociao City, Fort
Bra??. es: or: 2, T:s * 1> wuiets. Canto. Cove Jo.
LaytonviUe, Harrs. Scotta and Eureka,
rat^a. UrtsaT to Monday ronaj-trlp tickets at red need
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all poinu be-
yond San Bafael at half rates. *~>"-» w*
Tlcke: OrHces, 650 Market gt.. Chronicle bnlMlsa.
H.C.WHITI.N-G. R.XRYAS,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajjeat.
Atlantic
Pacific i^^^^^^
RAILROAD V^&"*?S§iii?l
Trair.s leave from and arrive ti^^P&rp^J^JEsSPt
at Market-Street ferry. ir^K'^%
SANTA FE EXPkfcro
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. M-. carryinz Psllraaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can for
Denver and Jit. horn
iL t - potu:or t»Ai»TA FE ROUTE EXCTP.-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON"
with ".he very laws* up-to-dat* opholstertd tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
Ihrmirh to d*"S'inatlon.
The best railway from ' California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting -aery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 64-1 Market Street,
_Chronlcle Building.
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From Saa Francisco, Com in* o ing March 29, IS9&
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael — 7:^o, *S?00
•9:15 10:15, 1. : «5. a. m.: •1:15, 3^o, 4:15.
5:15. »«JKXI. o:»a P. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday*. Wadaca>
Cays and Saturdays at 1 1 :3Q p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley aad San Rafael-»9:00, »9:00,
•1<I:OO. 11:30 a. m.;*«I2:SJ. »1 :30, *2:15, »4:CO,
5:30, 6:45. S:3op. M. Kilt* trip to 8a.tA.::o«»
11 :00 a. m.
Trains marked • run to s»jj Qnentin. **12:39
r. v. does n't ran to Mill Val!ev.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. it weekdays— Caiadero and way station*,
8:00 a. m. Sunaays— Cazadero end way staiioaa.
•AW a. m. Sunday*— Point Etj es ana »;»iloi*
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaze Free:
Dally and Sundny Call, one week, by carrier. $0.15 j
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00 ]
Dally end Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00 ;
Dally and Sunday Ca1.1., three months by mall 1.30
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
VijthKLv Call, one year, by mail 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you FOlnjt to the country on a vacation ? If
80, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CAM., to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßß»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
338 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 L»rkl3 street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 >imhs,irtet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
J»ooms 81 and 82, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY MAY 21, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Tne transfer-check system needs a check
itself. |
It is still anybody's race at St. Louis, and
all the favorites are confident.
Everyman who resists the transfer fraud
fights the battles of the people.
It seems that the gifted McNab is trying
to make himself a mystery story.
Drop a nickel in the slot and get a trans
fer will be the next Vining scheme.
Nihilists were not invited to the Czar's
coronation, but they are looked for.
Buckley's wish to get oat of politics evi
dently springs from a desire to referee the
fight.
The trouble with Democratic harmon
izers is they never know how to pacify
themselves.
From now until the St. Louis conven
tion meets politics is in the hands of the
woodsawers.
We may as well conclude to put Grover
down as a receptive candidate with grasp
ing tendencies.
The Chicago convention may possibly
straddle Grover, but the chances are it
will trample on him.
The transfer nuisance crowds the people
more and more every day, and by and by
there will be a big row.
Afterallitis a sign of some wisdom in
Democrats that they are taking this oppor
tunity to shake one another.
There is a chance yet for Olney to turn
up a trump for himself before he gets
tnroagh with the Cuban shuffle.
"The Carnival of the Golden Gate" is
a cood enough title to start witn. The
festival will soon make a name for itself.
The proposal to elect Tom Reed Vice-
President nas this much in its favor that
he would be sure to hurry the Senate up a
little.
There is many a goldbug politician who
thinks he is blowing his own horn when
he is only playing second fiddle to Wall
sireet.
In the great controversy over gold and
silver the middle of the road is occupied
by bimetallism, and that is the safest
traveling.
The fellow that designed the new trans
fer system and has it enforced ought to be
arrested for obtaining nickels under false
pretenses.
The way to make San Francisco a mar
ket for home products is for every buyer
to look out for the goods that are used in
his own home.
The silver men will control the Chicago
convention, and Cleveland might as well
drop his third-term letter in the waste
basket. It is a back number.
This Congress has achieved the success
of advancing all appropriation bills far
ther than any Concress in sixteen years,
and there is some glory in that.
Platt of New York has been overheard
speaking of his opponents as "lily-livered
mugwumps," so it seems there are degrees
of depravity even in the mugwump breed.
It is hardly fair to hold Chicago respon
sible for the Democratic Convention, as
the thing was forced on her and she has
not been heard to say a word about it her
self.
Monterey need not fear that the celebra
tion of the Fourth of July in this City will
interfere with her flag-raising festival.
San Francisco and the rest of the State
will be with her on that occasion and help
to celebrate the union of California and
"Old Glory." ___^^^
The sentence of John Hays Hammond
to fifteen years' imprisonment will give
Secretary Olney another chance to show if
l>e has any stalwart Americanism in him.
President Kruger can be shown very good
reasons why that sentence should be re
vised with a stroke of a blue pencil.
Fiften years' confinement in the prisons
of the Transvaal would be equivalent to a
lingering death, and no American miner
should be made to undergo it lor a mere
political offense which never went beyond
the organization of a reform club to obtain
those rights which America gives to every
comer.
YvetteGuilbert, who has been giving the
London Chronicle, her impressions of Amer
ican cities, says Chicago is dirty. New
York has no individuality, Philadelphia
is unimpressive, and the Boston people are
"collet monte et bas-bleu," which virtu
ally means they have blue etocking« on
the brain.
A recent decision of the Supreme Court
of Illinois establishes the right of a ma
jority of property-owners in any neighbor
hood to decide what is a nuisance detri
mental to the community and the estab
lishment 01 a similar right in this State
would till a keenly felt want at the corner
of Market and Powell streets.
FRYE'S LATEST SCHEME.
The attempt made by Senator Frye to
have the conference committee of the
Benate and the House appoint the mem
bers of the board to which it is proposed
to leave the selection of a site for a deep
water harbor for Los Aneeles is altogether
one of the most extraordinary proceedings
ever undertaken by a statesman of his
rank and reputation.
The Senator had in express terms agreed
in the Senate to leave the selection of the
site to a commission of five persons, one
of whom is to be a naval oflicer appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, one an
olficer of the Coast Survey appointed by
tne Secretary of the Treasury, and three
civil engineers appointed by the Presi
dent. Tuat he has now pouzht to break
away from this agreement seems a clear
proof that he and Mr. Runtington are
afraid of such an impartial comm ssion
and desire to obtain one which will be
pledged to iheir interests beforehand and
can be counted on to recommend the site
at Santa Monica.
The whole course of this controversy has
been marked by proceedings on the part
of the railroad lobby which can hardly be
called anything else than disgraceful. The
work began by calling a bogus mass-meet
ing in Los Aneeles to pass resolutions op
posing the improvement of the harbor of
San Pedro on the very evening when a
genuine mass-meeting of the best citizens
and business men of the city was held to
urge Congress to undertake the work at
that port. This was followed by sending
to Washington petitions favoring Santa
Monica to which fictitious or forced names
were signed, and now the series of tricks
culminates in this attempt to violate a
fair agreement and reopen the whole ques
tion after it has been satisfactorily settled.
Karely has the Southern Pacific of Ken
tucky in the whole course of its exactions
and oppressions shown itself more ad
verse to the welfare of California or a more
unscrupulous foe to the interests of the
State than in this contest. It is not Los
Angeles only, but all California, that re
quires and justly asks for a deep- water
harbor at that point of the coa-^t. It is
not too much to say that the entire region,
from Utah to the sea, is concerned in the
establishment of such a harbor. The
Southern Pacific will itself proht by it.
Yet such is the greed, the avarice, the
monopolizing instinct of tne management
of tlie road that it persistently and un
scrupulously fights every plan to obtain
such a harbor except under conditions
tbat would place the entire wharf front
age of the port absolutely and exclusively
under the control of the Southern Pacific
Company.
It not infrequently happens that poetic
justice is done in this world. The villain
frequently walks into his own trap. The
engineer is occasionally hoist by his own
petard. Frye's brazen attempt to violate
his agreement to leave the selection of the
site for the harbor to an impartial commis
sion may have the effect of disgusting
every houest Congressman with the tac
tics of the railroad lobby and its support
ers in Congress, and so prompt them to
settle the question at once by providing at
San Pedro a harbor that shall be for Los
Angeles and California, free from the
domination of the monopoly and open to
the trade and commerce of the people at
large.
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL.
The Board of Regents met yesterday and
listened to the claims of Stockton, Temes
cal and San Francisco, presented for the
location of the Wilmerding School. San
Francisco made these points: That the
school should be located where it would best
carry ont the purposes of the trust — a
working-trades school — and, secondly, it
should be located where it would do t he
most good. An elaboration of these points
clearly favors San Francisco, but the main
contention, and which should be the gov
erning one, is this: What were the inten
tions of the late J. C. Wilmerdin g in estab
lishing the trust? Did he intend to locate
it in San Francisco?
The attorney who drafted the will,
E. J. McCutcheon, testifies tbat in an
original will Mr. Wilmerding had given
fe£o.ooo to the Art Association of San
Francisco, and the same week he heard
of Searles' donation, and on a sick
bed wrote a note to Mr. McCutcheon
requesting on that account that a trades
school be substituted. San Francisco was
not mentioned in words, which was ap
parently a clear accidental omission, for
his executors and friends, William Alvord,
Thomas J. Lamb and C. A. Fargo, all tes
fied that he had never thought of any
other place and that he had expressed him
self favorably to locating the school at the
Potrero. These men, being the execntors
of the dead man, who cannot speak for
himself, and having no selfish interest to
serve, their worda are entitled to the
greatest weight.
That, however, is not all. Mr. Fargo tes
tified that in driving with Mr. Wilmerding
he pointed out to him desirable sites for
the school. Mr. Lamb testified tnat in
conversation with sireet urchins Mr. Wil
merding learned that they were idle be
cause they had no trade, and he wa moved
to found his proposed school by considera
tion of the fact that boys growing up in
San Francisco have not tne means of mak
ing a livelihood.
In case the intentions of Mr. Wilmer
ding are not carried out by the regents,
other benefactors who are making wills
or who will in the future seek some
avenues of philanthropy will Hesitate be
fore appointing their trustees and thus the
well of philanthropy will dry up or be di
verted to other channels. Certainly the
repents, who are men of high character,
cannot ignore what appears to be the com
mon mind as to the intentions of Mr. Wii
merding to found a school in the city
where he lived and accumulated his for
tune and in the welfare of whose boys he
always expressed a lively interest. San
Francisco, being the most central point,
offers every inducement to boys in the in
terior to come here to attend school, and
in San Francisco the^school will be of
most benefit to the greatest number of
boys, whether they reside here or come
from remote parts of the State.
THE CZAR AND THE NIHILISTS.
It is very likely that a few hot-headed
nihilists are conducting themselves po as
to give the impression that tbe order in
general has planned to assassinate the
Czar before he gets away from Moscow,
but it is safe to say tnat nothing of the
kind will be attempted. In the first place,
it is probable that on no other occasion in
his life, were he to live to be 100 years old,
would the person of the Czar be so care
fully guarded.
There are fully 200,000 troops in and
about Moscow for fihow and to protect the
Emperor, and besides this army of sol
diers a large percentage of the police
force of the empire is on duty at the old
capital. It would be impossible for one
to attack his autocratic Majesty and make
his escape; besides, it has been semi
officially given out that the Emperor will
announce that it is his purpose to immedi
ately institute very many of the reforms
that the nihilists demand.
If he shall fail to keep his promise to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
give the people a government more in
harmony with what is their due no doubt
it would be better for his health to not
venture very far beyond the walls of his
palace. Meanwhile, however, it is safe to
assume that the nihilists will not attempt
to kill the goose that gives some promises
of laying golden eggs for them, and,
again, history does not record many assas
sinations on great occasions. With the
assassin the avenues and opportunities
for escape are not left to chance wholly.
THE PARTY'S OPPORTUNITY.
It is very plain that dissension over the
silver question is dividing the Democratic
party quite as much as tbe question of
slavery did in tbe campaign of 1860. In
deed, there appears to be more bitterness
of feeling and language than ever before
in the party's history. This comes mainly,
however, from the fact that the party has
no prominent or distinguishing principle
of government to advocate other than the
money question. The Wilson-Gorman
tariff act has been so ruinous to the
country's industries and commerce has
suffered so much at the hands of the
Cleveland administration that the party
was bound to hide its incompetence be
hind some one declaration, and then so
magnify its importance ttiat the people
would lose sight of other issues.
No doubt the party could present a
formidable front were the rank and file in
harmony with the leaders on any one of
tho leading questions of the hour, but the
leaders themselves are at cross purposes
and the contest for supremacy is acri
monious and full of personal abuse. They
all are agreed, though, that the tariff as
well as the foreign policy of the adminis
tration has been a succession of blunders,
and it was hoped for a while the party
would agree upon the money question and
then go forward, dwarfing everything to
that issue, and thu9 win under false pre
tenses. But as State conventions are held
the fact is revealed t hat the Jeaders and
the rank and file are hopelessly divided on
the silver question. The free silver faction
does not hesitate to declare the inten
tion to bolt the Chicago convention
if the platform does not declare unquali
fiedly for the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the old ratio without waiting
for international agreement, and the gold
standard wing is equally determined to
have their way or bolt.
As a rule the average Democrat can be
relied upon to wheel into line and support
the party's nominee whether he likes the
declaration of principles or not, but the
utter failure of Cleveland and the Con
gress that went into power with him to
protect the business interests of the coun
try at a single point and the commercial
chaos which followed upon tne heels of
the announcement of the administration's
policy have taueht sensibie Democrats to
do a little thinking for themselves, which
means that they are for principle first and
party last. Western Democrats were never
so determined to have a voice, and a very
loud voice, in shaping the policy of their
party. and no doubt they will go to the
Chicago convention with a mental reser
vation to not be bound by a Wall-street
platform.
But the Democratic house being divided
against itself furnishes no excuse for
apathy in the ranks of the Republican
party. Indeed, the fight should be all the
more vigorously pushed, for victory next
November should be so far reaching in
effect that tbe disorganization of the
Democratic party will be complete. In
California especially should the Republi
can party be on the alert, for aside from
the moral effect ati overwhelming victory
in this State would have upon the party
in other States it would give California a
prominence in the National party that her
claims to representation in the official
family of the next President would be
recognized almost without the asking.
Of course the Democratic party of Cali
fornia will be knocked out all along its
broken and hesitating line, but the mere
scattering of its followers will not satisfy
the material welfare of the State. Next
November will be the Republican party's
opportunity.
THE BILL FALLS SHORT.
The McCall immigration bill, which
passed the lower house of Congress yes
terday, is good enough as far as it goes,
but it falls short at the very point at
where it should have beea strong and de
termined. .Next to free trade the intro
duction of the cheap labor of Europe to
compete with our working people is the
must injurious to the industrial class of
tbu country. Establishing an educa
tional test is ritrht and proper, but it is
permitting foreign labor to come here,
throw our wage-earners out of employ
ment by cutting down wage schedules,
working until the required sum of money
is fcaved and then flailing away to their
own countries to live in ant! to protect
systems of government that are continu
ally trying to undermine the United
States that hurts.
It is said that there are fully 300,000 for
eigners employed by our coal, coke and
iron industries wi:o secured employment
by cutting below the w:.ee schedules of
our working people, and who have no use
whatever for our institutions other than
the opportunity they afford them to earn
money enough to return to their old
homes and buy an acre or two of land and
spend the rest of their days in compara
tive idleness, and all at the expense of
our own people. Thousands of Canadians
may be found every month in the year
upon our northern border taking jobs
away from men and women who are
worthy and true citizens of the United
States.
It is the failure of the McCall bill to do
justice to our own citizens -that we com
plain of. Industrious, sober and worthy
foreigners are most welcome, but first we
want to know that they come to build
homes for themselves, and to identify
themselves with this country. It is wrong
to permit this country to be a mere con
venience for people of other nations, and
The Call raises its voica against the ex
isting system of non-protectiou to our
great industrial classes.
The appointment of a new postmaster at
Elizabethtown, Ky., has called public at
tention to the fact that the retiring post
mistress, Emily T. Helm, is a sister of
Abraham Lincoln. Few people were aware
that so near a relative of the martyred
President is still living, and now that it is
known steps should be taken to find out if
she is well provided for in her old age, and
if not such provision should be promptly
made by the Government or popular sub
scription.
The report that the gold Democrats in
Illinois are willing to concede the renomi
nation of Governor Altgeld provided they
are allowed a gold delegation to the Chi
cago convention shows how desperate are
the foldbug hopes and how unscrupulous
are the means they are using to redeem
themselves. It is everything for gold and
nothing for principle.
There is no profit to any merchant in
advertising in a newspaper that runs a
coupon fake fcheme iii opposition to the
merchant's business.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE TARIFF CONVENTION.
Business Men Moving to Take the
Tariff Issue Out of Politics.
Editor of the Call— Sib: It is worth while to
repeat the substance of a dispatch published
in this City yesterday, dated May 18, Detroit,
Mich., which said: "The National Non-Parti
san Commercial Tariff Convention, which
meets In this city June 2 (postponed from May
26), will be considerably larger than its pro
jectors at first anticipated. Secretary 8. B.
Archer of the Tariff Commission League has
received credentials already from commercial
bodies which have chosen over 1000 delegates.
At least double that number of accredited del
egates is expected, representing Boards of
Trade and Chambers of Commerce, and there
will also be representatives of labor and agri
cultural organizations. The convention will
probably continue in session a week or more."
The stated object of the convention is to devise
some method of eliminating the tariff issue
from politics.
; Some ten days before the publication of the
call for this National Non-Partizan Commer
cial Tariff Convention, it was my privilege,
after correspondence and conference with the
leading thinkers in the People's party, to
formulate and publish in a communication to
The Call the following proposal, under date
of March 20: The creation by act. of Congress
of a National Non-Partisan Tribunal (not a
commission) to consist of business men of the
highest attainments and character, who shall
v nS^S at lar Se on from each State, and
shall hold office for a term of not less than six
years, and who shall fix the schedules and ad
just the rates on each of the 4000 articles in
cluded in the list now subject to duty. As a
member of the committee on platform in the
State Convention of the People's party, held in
Sacramento lust week.it was my pleasure to
co-operate, with Hon. Thomas V. Cator in se
curing the adoption by the convention of the
following, as proposed by Mr. Cator: "We de
mand the creation of a National Non-Partisan
Tariff Tribunal of experts by Congress, which
shall be subject to the control of Congress, to
the end that tariff agitation may be taken out
of politics, and to the end that tariff schedules
shall be so adjusted that the benefit derived
therefrom shall result to labor and not to
trusts. It is almost a foregone conclusion
that the National Convention of the People's
party, to assemble in St. Louis July 22, will
adopt substantially the same declaration, and
as a member ot California delegation to the
National Convention it is my purpose to do
all in my power to secure its adoption a3 the
best solution of the much-buffetted and mis
chief-breeding tariff question.
My purpose in the present communication is
to ask the attention of the National on-Parti
san Commercial Tariff Convention, to convene
in Detroit, June 2, to a candid consideration of
the foregoing proposal for the creation by
Congress of a National Non-Pattisan Elective
Tariff Tribunal of experts, whose sole duty it
shall be to handle the tariff question, nine
months of the year, the entire time of the
members to be devoted to a close study of the
especial interests of their several States in par
ticular and of the whole tariff schedule in gen
eral, and then the tribunal shall meet in com
mittee of the whole at Washington or at some
designated place three months prior to the
regular session of Congress and formulate
such measures for the whole country as shall
work no hardship to any industry or Slate in
the Union, the same to be presented to Con
gress in the form of a law, ready for enactment,
such sections of general Interest to the whole
country as may bi agreed upon from time to
time being given the widest publicity as news,
to the end that the whole people may know and
understand the character of the proposed meas
ures, thereby creating public opinion, which
shall be a guide and prompter to Congress in
passing upon these measures.
Little comment is necessary in elucidation
or advocacy ot such a tariff tribunal of. ex
perts, chosen from among the trained and
broad-gauge business men of the country, who
shall provide a safe and stable means of rais
ing the revenue of the country for the support
of the Government and prevent any sudden
and disastrous change in the tariff "laws, or
any political agitation every four years for
such a change, Mien as we nave had during
the last half century, alike detrimental to in
vested interests and to the labor Interests oi
the country. Indeed, it is a matter for sur
prise that the business of the country has not
long since taken such a stand on this vital
question as that announced in The Call for a
tanffconvention; and results will certainly fol
low this Detroit convention which will be wide
reaching and wholesome In their influence;
and that convention mny meet and deliberate
j on measures for the elimination of the tariff
question from politics with the full assurance
that a large and Intelligent element in the
body politic represented by the new and grow
ing People's .party will c6ruially co-operate
with them to secure the acceptance by ttie
electors of the country oi any measure which
is broadly national and fairy equitable to
toiler.- as well as to capitalists, 10 the end that
the tariff issue may be taken out of politics.
'Joseph ash bury Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Francisco.
A LOST TYPE.
Oh, for a glimpse of a natural boy—
A boy with freckled face!
With (orchead white 'nea'.h (angled hair
And limbs devoid of grace;
Whose feet toe In, white his elbows flare;
Whose knee., are patched all wavi;
Who turns as red as a lobster when
*ou give him a word of i>r.i ■■.
A boy who's born with an appetite;
Who seeks he pantry shelf
To eat is "pit cc" with resounding smack —
Who isn't gone on himself ;
A "Robinson Crusoe" reading boy.
Whose pockets bulge with trash;
Who knows the use of rod a id rum ■
And where ti.t- brook trout siilnsh.
It's true he'll sit In the easiest chair,
With his hat 0.1 hi.-, tonsil <l head;
1 hat hi* hands nnd fret are everywhere,
lor youth must have room to spread.
But he doesn't dub his father "Old man."
.Nor<Wi- his mother's call,
>or ridicule what his aMen siy,
or think that tie knows It all.
A rough and wholesome natural boy
Of a Rood, olil-fashinncil c!a\ ;
God biesa him, if no's still oiTearth.
1 or ht'U make a mail some day.
—Detroit Tree Press.
MISSES' NORFOLK JACKET.
One of the roost popular and becoming of
shapes for misses' cloth dresses is here shown.
The neck muy be finished with a notched col
lar, as shown on the figure, or buttoned up
close with a turn-over collar, shown in the
Other cuts. The pattern la cut for both.
Cheviot of a green mixture makes a stylish
arecs and may be relieved by having a belt
and collar of green gros-grain silk.
A brown checked skirt with plain brown for
the jacket makes a neat costume.
i his model, with a plain gored skirt, is much
Died for misses' bicycle costumes. Dust-col
ored mixtures of cheviot, tan covert cloth and
K ra >' and black mixtures and checks are usu
ally chosen fur such a costume.
SHOULD APPLY TO WOMEN.
Salinas < mi.
Some day, when the Santa Crui Courthouse
will have been finished and the present gener
ation of infauts will have become grandfathers
and grandmothers, the people of these United
States of America win rise up in a realization
that the well-known clause in our «:onstitu
tion.''No taxation without representation,"
should apply to women as well as to men.
EQUAL SUFRAGE.
rresno Watchman.
The equal euft'ragists have captured or capti
vated three State conventions. .Republicans,
Popnlisu and Prohibitionists have declared
for the ladies, and the combined logic, elo
quence and beauty of the female pleaders will
now be turned on the Democracy. There is no
doubt that the singular unanimity which pre
vailed on this subject in the three conventions
already held really disguised a great deal of
Insincerity. Some men prefer to apparently
yield than to hnve the clash and conflict of
argument. Doubtless if the truth could be
known many delegate*, if not all of them, who
voti-d for the equal-suffrage plauk, will bo into
the booth m-xt November and vote against the
equal suffrage amendment. But patriotic men
might do worse on either questions of princi
ples or matters of riolicy than to bestow the
privilege of suffrage upon women. It is siugu
lany inconsistent that a man Will deny his
wife or mother a voice In the Government
wnilehe willingly i-onfrrx it upon ignorant,
debased brutes who employ it as merchandise.
PERSONAL
Frank J. Brandon oi San Jose is at the Grand.
I. L. Delano, granite man of Kocklin, is at the
Lick.
F. J. Jjawaon, Grass Valley, is at the Grand
Hotel.
H. 11. Beamer of Woodland is at the Lick
House.
R. J. Dnrrell of Memphis, Term., is at the
PalHce.
John M. Besse, merchant of Kings City, is at
the Grand.
Dr. A. E. Osborne, Eldridge, is a guest at tbe
Grand Hotel.
£. Jacob, banker of Visalla, is a guest at the
Occidental Hotel.
Jacob Schram, a wine man of St. Helena, is
at the California.
C. F. Fearing of New York registered at the
Palace yesterday.
Theodore B. Wilcox of Portland, Or., is itop
ping at the Palace.
A. L. Begbee, mining man of Nevada City, is
a guest at the Grand.
Rev. C. S. Fackentball of Pacific Grove is a
guest at the Occidental.
C. F. Van Winkle of Chicago registered at
the Palace last evening.
Adjutant-General A. w. Barrett of Sacra
mento is at the California.
J. L. Schieffelin of Portland, Or., is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
George F. Buck, a lawyer of Stockton, regis
tered at the Lick yesterday.
M. S. Say re, District Attorney of Lake County,
is in town at the Lick House.
R. Butler, a prominet citizen of Madera, is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
W. F. George, lawyer of Sacramento, regis
tered at the Grand last evening.
A. H. Butts, a mining man of Angela, is in
town, stopping at the Occidental.
R. Beven of London, £ng., arrived yesterday
und registered at the California Hotel.
W. J. Tompkins, an extensive cattle-raiser of
Mexico, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
Major Johnson of London, Eng., has returned
to San Francisco, after visiting Monterey.
E. D. McCabe, private secretary of Governor
Budd, is registered at the California Hotel.
Rev. C. W. Price, missionary of Snansi,
China, registered at the Occidental yesterday.
Among the arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel are N. E. bklnner and family of New
York.
Professor J. If. Schaeberle of the Lick Ob
servatory registered at the Lick House last
evening.
F. E. Potter, an extensive farmer of Los
Banos, and his family, are guests at tbe Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Lord Henry Thynne. London, England, reg
istered at the Palace Hoiel yesterday. He is
making a tour of the world.
t^liarp Walker and F. F. Eccles of Salt Lake
arrivea in San Francisco yesterday and are
sojourning at the Occidental.
Silas Carle, contractor of Sacramento, who
recently obtained a large contract at the Pre
sidio, registered at the Lick House last even
ing.
Colonel H. G. Shaw, one of the editors of the
Stockton Mail, is in the City. Colonel Shaw is
one of the best known newspaper men on the
Pacific Coast.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 20— At the Murray
Hiil— C. L. Krown. Morton— J. Pelton. Hoi
iand--Miss J. M. Crocker, C. N. Felton Jr., Mrs.
F. H. liruni. Mrs. B. Paxton, Mrs. C. Wood
bridge, 6. H. Felton, Mrs. G. Loomis. St. James
— J. F. Seymour, R. Whitaker. Broadway Cen
tral—W. Holbrook.
A COMPETING EASTERN RAILROAD
Mocktou Independent.
A well-known Stockton engineer will start
for Salt Lake in a few days to take charge of a
party of mrveyors for the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad, which is preparing to push
its line to a connection with some independ
ent line or to build one of its own to tide
water in California. With that reticence which
characterizes engineers engaged in such enter
prises he would say very little more about his
work except that it would be to find the best
Rvailable route through Utah and Nevada.
While he did not say thatthe San Joaquin Val
ley was an objective point he betrayed an
opinion to that effect. The building of the
Valley road must sooner or later have the ef
fect of attracting other '.stern roads to a con
nection with it for the traffic to be derived
from the region it traverse*. It will be as dif
ficult for transcontinental lines to get entries
to San Francisco as for the Valley road and to
get terminal facilities when they reach that
point.
It is therefore natural to believe that Stock
ton Will be made a terminus 01 one of these
roads, and the Denver and Rio Grande is quite
likely to be that one. This city would afford a
transcontinental railroad a very convenient
terminus, whence it could send freight and
passengers by steamer to San Francisco and
form a base of action while it was getting a
line into that City." The labor and expense of
building a road to this point would be much
less than those necessary to reach Los Angeles,
which is now hoping for a line to Salt Lake
City, and when a road should get there it
would not have so desirable a seaport as this
city, which is virtually a seaport. The Mer
chants' Association might devote some atten
tion to the matter of railroads which are look
ing Californiaward and present to them the
advantages of Stockton as a terminus and a
place from which the whole San Joaquin Val
ley can be reached by traffic arrangements
with the Valley road.
IMPORTANT EVENTS
Portland Pacific Empire.
The San Francisco Call has come out un
equivocally for equal suffrage. While the edi
tor of the Pacific Empire is delighted nt this
new departure of tae greatest of California's
grent dtiilies she is not surprised, for she well
remembers the boyhood days of its enterpris
ing and big-hearted owner, Charley Shortridge,
who goi headed the ngnt way in Salem, Or.,
when he uud his brother Sain, now a leading
attorney in the Bay City (at that time mere
boys) would proudly post bills for the suflraue
meetings conducted by tneir able sister, Clara
S. Koltz.
\\ hiuever the metropolitan press comes out
unequivocally in editorial indorsement of the
great pri.-.ciuie ot equal rights to all for which
our forefathers iuught and struggled, the day
of woman's deliverance ironi political serfdom
is no longer afar off.
All hail to the Shortridge family, Susan B.
Anthony and the San Francisco Call.
BUCKLEY IN THE SOUTH
Los Angeles Herald.
Buckley, while still insisting that he has had
absolutely nothing to do wrth the local Demo
cratic contest, admits now that he would
very much like to obtain the support of the
Los Angeles County delegation to seat what he
calls the representatives of the general Democ
racy of the State Convention to be held at
Sacramento on June 16. He claims that fac
tion in the party will resent the anti-Federal
office-hol.ling forces, which he maintains will
be controlled by Superintendent of the Mint
Daggett.
Daggett, Buckley insists, Is anxious to con
trol the delegation from this State to the Chi
cago convention. Buckley's favorites for dele
gaies-at-large are Senaior Stephen M. White
W. W. Foote of Oakland, Congressman James
ti. Maguire and some man from the extreme
northern end of the State.
BOUND TO COME.
Summerland Advance.
The Call of San Francisco is about the first
paper of any note on the coast to espouse the
cause of woman suffrage. Mr. Shortridge is an
able and far-seeing gentleman, and when he
makes a move in tho right direction moves all
over. Woman's suffrage is bound to come, and
the quicker it comes the better. Each Ameri
can woman's vote will neutralize that of some
ignorant outlandtr, who deposits tne ballot
handed him with a vague doubt as to whether
he is voting for Garibaldi or the Assemblyman
down in his ward.
MUSICS &
MUSICIANS
America continues to be the El Dorado of
singers, and above all of prima donnas. At
New York, the subscribers of the Metropolitan
Opera-house, wishing to offer Lillian Nordica a
proof of their admiration, opened a subscrip
tion list, limited to $10 subscriptions, and suc
ceeded in raising 50,000 francs, with which
they were enabled to offer the diva a suierb
diadem, ornameuted with 230 diamonds. This
they presented to her after the first act of
"Lohengrin," and she received it with ail the
favor it merited.— Le Menestrel.
The tenor Burgdtaller, who is to make his
debut at the Wagner Theater, in Bayreuth.
this summer, was attacked one night soon af
ter his recent arrival in that town by an un
known individual, who gave him a sharp b'.ow
with a knife. The street assassin, however,
met with a solid obstacle in the shape of a
score of one of Witguer's operas, which the
tenor was carrying in an inner pocket. The
book turned the blade of the knife und saved
Burgstuller's life.
Certain great ones of this earth continue to
dist inguish themselves by their love oi music,
which they do not disdain to cultivate them
selves in a more or less serious fashion. Tliii-
Prince Louis of Bavaria recently published,
under the title of ''Melancholy," a composition
for piano, violin and violoncello, which tbe in
itiated say is an excellent vrork. And now it
Is announced that the Landgrave of Hesse has
composed a mass in the style of Palestrina.
Nicolas Dumba of Vienna, who already pos
sesses a number of Schubert's manuscripts, has
had the good fortune to find and buy an over
ture for four hands by the Viennese master
which is absolutely unknown. This overture
is shortly to be published by a Leipslc house.
Mascagni continues to distinguish himself by
his industry. The Italian papers state that he
is just finishing a new opera entitled "Ves
tilia," and that he is working at a "Nero," just
as Boito Is doing, only Mascagni's ''Nero" will
probably be ready first.
The enthusiasm oi the people of Italy knows
no bounds when their composers are in ques
tion. To read the accounts of one recent pro
duction one would imagine one's self back in
the palmy times of i'ergolese, Sacchini, Cim
arosa and Paisiello. A young musician, Nicolo
Van Westerhout, presented his first opera last
year at Naoles. Directly after, at Molo di Bari,
his lintiil town, a new theater was built and
the citizens unhesitatingly bestowed upon it
the name of the young composer. They did
more for him; they asked him to write a new
opera for the inauguration of the theater, and
he complied by at once settii.g to work on a
lyric drama in one act, on a lioretto by Arturo
Colantti, entitled "Dona Flor." This work
was recently presented with immense success,
a tucctSHone, as they say over there. The pub
lic encored everything and at the end of the
act they called the compot-er twelve times be
fore the curtain, then they called and recalled
the librettist, the singers and the Mayor, who
was presiding, and, not content with that,
they insisted on having them all before
the curtain together, with the chorus, the
orchestra and the staee hands. Then alHhe
men, women and children and soldiers, who
had been present at the performance^" as
sembled at the doers of the theater to hail the
composer with acclamations and conduct him
to his hotel by torchlight. After till that Van
Westerhout can scarcely be blamed if he con
siders himself the direct successor of Rossini,
3elhni and Verdi.
A Paris newspaper gives the following list
of the most promising pupils who Bang at
Mme. Marchesi's recent commencement exer
cises: -We will cite in the first place Mile.
Kirine (Russian), who sang the letter scene
from 'Werther' with fine expression, as well
a!> Mile. Aina (Finland), who showed heiself
to own a fine iull mezzo-soprano voice, in a
selection from ' Py-che;' Mile. Boucicault
(Australian) also deserves praise, and a young
of rare beauty. Mile. Toronta (Canadian),
distinguished herself in the garden scene from
•Faust.' Mile. Kosminska (English) showed
gieat execution in the shadow air from 'The
Pardon of Ploermel.' The others who de
serve special mention are Mile. Sanda (Ameri
can), who gave part of the second net of
•Lakme;' Mile. Terriani (American), who ap
peared in a scene from 'Mignon,' and Mile.
Francesca (American) in the second act of
'Kigoletto.' All these young girls give prom
ise of coming prominently before the public."
Mile. Francesca, by the way, takes her norn
de theatre from this City. Her real name is
Funny Michelsou and at one time she sang in
Calvary Church.
Mozart is tne man of the day in Austria.
Hardly has his monument in Vienna
been inaugurated tiian the citizens of
Prague decide to honor him with a
statue. With the object in view a grand
representation of "The Magic Flute" has
been given at the new German Theater.
Fancy prices were demanded, and the house
was filled. Tne position of tho future monu
ment is alrealy decided on. Before the Con
servatory is a fine square on the banks of the
Moldau, and facing the royal palace, on the
liradschin hill, there Mozart will have a con
spicuous position and he can look toward the
villa Bertramka, where he wrote "Don Juan,"
a work whose success from its first presenta
tion in Prague has been the musical glory of
the capital of Bohemia.
The Young Ladies' Orchestra announces a
grand concert which will take place in Metro
politan Temple. The proceeds of the affair are
to endow a bed in the Children's Hospital
which will be known as the Saturday Morning
Bed.
News come* from Moscow that the Grand
Theater there hus prepared a ballet extraordi
nary for the coronation of Nicholas 11. This
ballet, which is entitled "Daita," is founded
on a Japanese fable. It has oniy one act, but
the staging has cost the bagatelle of 100,000
rubles (neariy $60,000). The temple of the
Goddess Konanou, a sort of Japan se Venus, is
a marvel of magnificence. Needi^gs to say at a
given point in the music the gods and godesses
quit their pedestals and join the dance. At
one of the last rehearsals to which critics were
admitted the ballet produced an enormous
sensation. It seems that the Russians will
have something for their money when they
attend the performance.
The Municipal Theater of Cologne has just
produced with success a new opera in two acts
entitled "Elsi," written by a buddingcomposer,
who bears a celebrated name, Arnold Men
delssohn.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Are you a chess-player?" asked the land
lord of a prospective tenant. "1 much prefer
to have my houses occupied by chess-players."
'•'So, I am not a chess-player, and I can't ac
count for such a singular preference."
"It is simple enough. Chess-pl'iyers move
so seldom and only after great deliberation."
Detroit Free Press.
Landlady— What part of the turkey will you
have, Mr. Newboarder.
"A little of the outside, please."— Life.
Magistrate— Why did you take to forgery?
Literary Culprit— There is more money in
checks than in any other kind of writing.—
Detroit Tribune.
Little Boy— The preacher says there is no
marryin' in heaven.
Little Girl— Of course not. There wouldn't
be enough meu to go 'round.— La Crosse Argus.
"I hear that the only emotion Fizzle's client
showed before he went to the gallows was on
parting with Fizzle. I am told that he actually
wept."
"Yep. He said that if he only had a chance
to kill Fizzle for the way he managed his de
fenae he wouldn't mind the mere incident of
being hanged."— lndianapolis Journal.
As on his daily trip he went,
The sun exclaimed. "I vow
There's no denying that I am
The champion scorcher now."
— Washington Star.
WHY IT MAY FAIL
Modesto Herald.
If the woman's suffrage amendment to the
constitution fails of adoption at the hands of
the voters in November it will be because of
the indifference of the women themselves.
When *> majority of the women of the State
shall requestor their husbands and sweethearts
the right of suffrage a majority of the men will
vote to give it to them. We think the amend
ment will fail of adoption at the coming elec
tion. _^____^_^___
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The young Khedive of Egypt is said to be an
excellent amateur musician. It seems that he
has ventured upon composition.
Mrs. Anna B. Whitman of Marlboro, Mass.,
who died last week, almost 94 years old, waa
present at the laying of the cornerstone of
Bunker Hill Mouument
W. S. Gilbert says: "I have no ear for music,
but 1 bavea very sensitive ear for rhythm; it is
precisely the difference between time and tune.
I am very fond of music, but I don't know &
discord when I hear one."
It is said that Prince Helkofl, who is Minister
of Ways and has charge of all the Russian im
perial railroads and who has served an ap
prenticeship in a machine-shop, at one time
worked at boiler-making in Philadelphia,.
Mmfi. AudifEred has bequeathed 800,000
francs to the Paris Academy of Medicine. The
income, 24,000 francs, is to be given for the
rest of his life to the physican, French or
foreign, who discovers a cure for consumption.
James Annand, late editor of the Newcastle
Leader, rose from the blacksmith's forge to the
editorial chair. He learned Latin and higher
mathematics while shoeing horses and his ex
periences in London journalism formed the
basis of Barries romance, "When a Man's
Single."
California glace iruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
•—• — ♦ — •
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
» ■»—•» — •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Concert Thursday evening, May 21st, Mrs.
Fleissner-Lewii=, soprano; Mr. Wallace A.
Sabin, organist, and the St. Luke's choir. •
- — * — « — •
Zola refreshes himself by inspecting and
superintending his property and workmen.
He is thoroughly happy in the midst of brick
and mortar and enjoys nothing more than the
sound of hammers. A siesta every day haa
been bis lifelong habit.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via Union Pacific.
n 31 /2/ 2 HAYS TO CHICAGO—
U - Ll: 4% DAYS TO NEW VORK-4^
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers. San Fran
cisco to Chicago, . daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
• ■» ■ » ...
Take the Northern I'acitic to All Points
S .--" : Kant.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the .Northwest. All trains vestlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars.' upholstered tourist cam
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
•—»• — » • ■ . .
No Safer or moke Efficacious Remedy can
bo had for Coughs, or any trouble of the throat,
than " Brown' Bronchial Trochet."
— • —
Many aches and pains yield promptly to Pab
kkr's Ginber Toxic Try it. -*>'*r.-_
Parker's Hair Balsam will save your hair.
The fashionable ladies' corrective tonic Is Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South
American invigorator.
. m' * »
Mrs. Stiff— ■Willie, didn't I tell you not to
play with those ragamuffins from the back
street? ,''~'\'":
Willie— mamma; and I wasn't playing
with them.
Mrs. Stiff— Willie I I saw you. '
Willie— ma'am; they were playing with
me — Philadelphia North American.
NEW TO-DAY.
lliy [jIVES p REE
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
j Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates, .
1 vegetable dish, 1 saiad bowl, ,.,:
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3tabl2 tumblers, butterdish,
Snear bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives, -
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.'
«JO C TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices.
Colima Baking Powder, ,
- — at
Great American Importing; Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 ihird st.
140 Sixth st, 2008 Fillmore at. .
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st. • \
1410 Polk at. 3006 Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery eve. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3250 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters). S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth at.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
i3sS Park St., Alameda.
Q ■ "Now, Stop and Consider
M ~~bV For one moment." We are taking no
JA "' : ' vs ' we can't afford to. there's not
fiaf (M!iii!;-h]ntho business; but we guarantee
■n every Hercules Gas and Gasoline: En-
■ 9 ink, because we know it is safe. Send for
n ' Catalogue and Price List to
1 L American Type Founders* Co.
~ 405-407 Sunsome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.THURSDAY MAY 21, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Balcttn Tht-atkb.— "The Last Word."
Baldwin Theater.— Medical Department Unl
rersity of California, Graduating Exercises, at 2
o clock.
California Theatib-"A Trip to Chinatown."
Coi-rMBiA Thkatzb— "Miss Harum Scarum."
orosoo'B Ofkra-Hocbk— "Jack Cade."
Trvoi.l Opera-Hocsk.— "Uncle Toms Cabin "
ORPHEmi— High-Class Vaudeville.
The Auditorium— Corner of Jones and Eddy
•treats— Concert by the Stanford Glee Club, Fri
day evening, May 52.
brTBo Const Iblakd— Bathing and Perform
ances.
Shoot thi CHrra-Dslly at Hatgnt street, one
block east of the Park.
Doe Show— At Mills' Tabernacle, Twelfth and
Webster streets, Oakland.
Bat District Track— Race*.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
. Ho! For thk Santa Cbiz Mui--TAi.vs.-The
First Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers" Mntual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pars.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt F. T. KKLER-This day (Thursday), Rare
Oriental Curios, a; 194 Kearny ttrect, at I p. m.
Bt H. J. Uttboi.iz- This day (Thursday),
Clothing, Art Goods, etc, at 721 Market st.. at 11
o'clock.
By Chas. Levy * Thlsdav (Thursday),
Furniture, a: 1818 Fell street, at 11 o'clock.
By 9. Basch— This day (Thursday). Furniture,
at 319 gutter street, at 10:30 o'clock. Also
.Saloon, at 2131 Mission sweet, at 10 o'clock.
By M. J. Simmon* Auction Co.— Friday,
May 2if, the Swan i-aio.'n. at 117 Eddy street, at
11 odock.
By o'Fabbki.l * Co.— Monday, May 25, Real
Estate, at ] 1 Montgomery St., at 7:30 p. m.
By Boaxkwai D, BrcKBKE <fc Co.— Wednesday.
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont
gomery tire*'., «: 1'- o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Dana Garcia, 106 years old, is being cared for !
by Sisters oi Chßrity.
The Woman's Suffrage Club held a meeting
at the CtUfornia Hotel LSI night.
Profes.-or Leuschner and Miss Ida Denicke j
wet married last evening at the home of the !
bride.
The Laurel Hail Club entertained a fashion
al/.e Rudiecce in Beethoven Hall yesterday
afternoon.
Representatives from the various ministe
rial bodies met H. Warszawiak at the Y. M. C.
A. yesterday.
The discovery was made yesterday of a fool- 1
ish attempt cf ree prisoners to escape from
the City Prison.
Up to a late hour last night no trace of
Blanther, the alleged murderer of Mrs. Lang
feldt, had been found.
Fr?d Jarcid, Deputy Marshal at Bansalito,
was arrested ;or fsiling to provide for his first
wife and her children.
The commenceraeut exercises of the Cali
fornia Medical College were held latt night at
the college hail, 1422 Folsom street.
The estimates of various municipal officers :
oi the amounts they will need for the coming !
fiscal year are being filed with the Auditor.
The police were yesterday asked to find three I
boys attending the Mission Grammar School
who started off on Monday to tight iDdians.
Captain Lees yesterday gave out the official !
statement made by George Dodge in regard to '
bis connection with the Langfeldt murdercase. I
The Police Commissioners at their meeting I
last night accepted the offer of a free bed ;or
sick policemen in the Waldeck Saniuirium.TlT
Jones street.
R. M. Samuels, a New York commercial trav
eler, who i* accused of swindling local mil
liners.was arrested last night and locked up in '
the City Prison.
At the coming "home industry" fair a large
Niagara Fails of red wine will be exhibited. A
fiiiy-foo: model .of the new Call building will
also be exhibited.
Mrs. Maree Meyer has asked Judge Slack to
set aside the decree of divorce already granted
to her husband, Charles F. Meyer, and to grant
the divorce to her.
Jim Bozeman. Tim Murphy, Dumbov. .-:
Lee, Polaski, Bey del Bandidos and imp. Ful
lerton Lass were the winning horses at Bar
District track yesterday.
A business meeting was held yesterday after
noon at 110 Hayes street, at. which final ar
rangements were made for the California
Spiritualistic Convention.
Walter J.Mead, a telegraph operator, was
Etrnck at Seventh and Market streets, by a
loctpad armed with a knife, but he succeeded
in beating off his assailant.
The poultry bills of the City and County
Hospital are causing trouble between the
Auditor, the Finance Committee oi the Super
visors and the Board of Health.
There were signs of a contest when the sale
o! the First Congregational Church came be
fore Judge Slack yesterday, and more time was
given to allow a contest to be prepared.
The several district improvement club* met
in B'nai B'rith Hall last night and perfected a
central organization, to be known as the San
Francisco Association of Improvement Clubs.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday by Tom
Kiordan for the arrest of "Charles Ha'rrold,
blacksmith, San Bruno road and Army street,
V illiam Rissdon and H. Leopold on the charge i
of buttery.
"Cloudy weather Thursday; warmer; fresh
westerly winds, increasing in the afternoon.
Fog to-night and Thursday morning."—Predic
tion issued last night by Forecast Official a.
ander G. McAdie.
Herman Warszawiak of Xew York spoke to a
large audience at the Howard-street Methodi«t
Episcopal Church la*T evening on the evangel
izing of the Jews, and was severely criticized 1
by Jews in the audience.
The Railroad Commission is still awaiting
the opinion of the Attorney-General on the
question of street-railroad jurisdiction, and in
its absence yesterday adjourned without
transacting any business until June 3.
The annual celebration of the Butchers'
Board of Trade, known as Butchers' day, was
celebrated yesterday. Fully 30,000 people par
ticipated in the celebration, which was in its
every feature an extraordinary success.
Ante:. ■• Cunha, a car conductor in' Oakland,
" ao was arrested ast night for betrayal under
promise of mairiaee, escaped imprisonment by
marrying the girl, th» ceremony being per
formed by Justice of the Peace Groezinger.
A peculiar situation has developed as the re
sult of the efforts of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association to settle the San Francisco-
Portland rate war. This leaves the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company solely with
the right to cut rates East.
At yesterday's session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights of Pythias many important ques
tions were brought ur>. Among them was a
move to allow benefits to the surviving rela- I
tives of suicides and permitting the ritual to I
be printed In foreign tongues.
MAKING THE ESTIMATES
Amount! That Will Be Aiked For
W«rt Tear by Various Municipal
Departments.
A' the time for making the annual tax
levy approaches the heads of the various
departments are making up their estimates
of expenditures for the coming fiscal year
and a number have already been tiled with
the Auditor and others are being prepared.
A number of officials will ask for increased
appropriations, while others — notably the
Fire Department— will ask for less than
was allowed last year.
Recorder Glynn wants $50,240— 547,240
for salaries, $1600 for books and stationery,
$*jOO for maps and $$00 for rebuilding and
copying books. The maps are nearly worn
out and must be replaced.
Superitendent Stable wants $95,300 for
the City and County Hcpital. Last year
the appropriation was $80,000.
The Fire Commissioners think they will
need but : 450. They had $719,000 last
year. It will take M 00.500 to pay salaries,
$*J,OOO for running expenses, $30,000 for I
material. ?20,0<j0 for new eneines, $5000 for j
a new water-tower, $10,000 for nose
wagons. $14,000 for new houses and $60,000
for hydrant*.
:ier Hawkins wants $24,980, as
acainst $18,300 last year He wants $1000
ior refrigerating apparatus, $300 for mi
croscopical apparatus. $100 for scales and
$000 for chemical applnn es
Nevada's Miver Party.
colonel Sam Davis, editor of the Carson •
Appeal, and Deputy Secretary of the State of
Nevada, in an Interview yesterday stated that '
the silver party of Nevada is Mill In the
ascendency and that according to the readme
of the political horologne St is sure to win all
•■*>• Drizts at the coming election.
THE CZARINA
SAFE IN PORT
Towed Here From Santa
Barbara by the Tug
Fearless.
A MOST PERILOUS TASK.
News From the Alaskan Gold
Mines Is Not at All En
couraging.
ICE FIELDS ABE IN THE WAY.
Ocean-Going Ships Saving Wharfage
by Loading Lumber in the
Stream.
The steamer Czarina arrived from Pen
sacola yesterday. She is the last addition
to the Spreckels fleet and merchantmen
say she is one of the finest vessels of her
class afloat. Captain Dan Haskell of the
Fearless says the steamer was an easy
tow, but tne crew assert that nothing but
I trouble was experienced during the run
• from the Horn to San Francisco.
All went well until Rio de Janeiro was
i reached. Then Captain Capstey found
; the boiler tube? were out of order and that
repairs were necessary. The circulating
pump was also out of order and a stop I ad
to be made. It took several weeks to re
pair the machinery and it was late in
April before the Czarina was ready to sail.
I Even then she could not make over five
; Knots an hour, and in consequence the»
; Spreckels Company was telegraphed to
I from Santa Barbara for assistance. The
Fearless picked up tne Czarina and towed
her to San Francisco, arriving yesterday.
Many accounts of the rash to Alaska
i aye arrived in the City during the past
month, but the only authentic story is
from the pen of 0. J. Humphrey. It is as
follows:
The rush of miners for the Yukon and Cooks
I Inlet gold diggings still continues. Hundred?
1 of men have been landed at the "Dyea" (head
I of the Lynn canal), and commenced* their long
i and dreary tramp of COO miles over the snow
-1 clad Alaskan Mountains to the Yukon. The
1 Alaska Commercial Company's mail steamers
\ connecting with the Pacific Coast Stetmship
Company's steamers at Sitka have carried a
full passenger-list to *.:.. Cooks Inlet portage
' in Prince \Villiam Sound. The Bertha arrived
; at the portage March 28 and acain April 12
full of miners, landing them at the foot of a
glacier, where the snow was six feet in depth,
to commence their tramp of twenty-five miles
to Resurrection and Six-mi'.e Creek.
A party of miners whic'i left San Francisco
. on the Portland March -JS arrived at Prince
! William Sound April 17. Some have grown
i faint-hearted at the sight of ice and snow, and
decided to return to a more congenial clime,
and leave the gold for others to rind.
The Lakme, with 160 passenger*, has ar
rived at the mouth of Cooks Islet. The bead
waters are still frozen solid, and it is impos
sible to get further for some weeks to come.
The time is uncomfortably passed trying to
keep warm and anxiously awaiting the arrival
of the barkentine Ma: from San Francisco.
with 100 more gold-seekers to help enjoy the
same dilemma.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's and
Alaska Packers' Association's canneries at
Prince William Sound have opened, and arc
busy making salmon tins and hanging nets for
the earning season's work.
An epidemic of dysentery has been runnine
at Prince William Sound. Walter Strong, the
superintendent of the Alaska Packers' Assoc
iation Company, and many 01 the men at botn
canneries have been seriously sick, but through
the earnest efforts of the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company's doctor. H. W. stirewalt, all are
slowly recovering.
Gus Thompson of San Francisco, a white
hunter at Kayak Island, accidentally shot his
rieht arm off and bled to death.
The North American Commercial Company's
schooner Seventy-six, Captain Brown, saifed
from Kodiak in December for Kayak Island,
has not arrived and is given up as lost with all ■
on board.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company and
Joseph Hume are busy erecting their new
canneries at Chignic under adverse circum
stances owing to the ice and snow.
The inhabitants of Western Alaska report the
past winter as the coldest ever experienced,
: the thermometer going to twenty degrees be
low zero.
She fall of Enow has been about the average,
but severe gales raged during the month of
January.
Several of the British ships are saving
wharfage. The Cromdaie is anchored in
the stream and is there loading lumber for
i London. Schooners from the Sound go
I alongside the vessel and put the lumber
i into her. thus saving the money that
would otherwise be paid into the coffers of
the Harbor Commissioners. The Baring
Brothers, bound for South America, is in
the same box and the captain has taken a
leaf out of the Britisher's pocket-booK and
is making money thereby.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Belgic arrived from Hong-Kong, via Yoko
hama, yesterday. Her cabin passengers
were :
Lieutenant G. P. Bouten, E. J. Bates, Lieu
tenant Crowther, W. H. Decker, Miss Douglas,
Charles F. Fearing, F. C. Fletcher. J. E. Ham
mond W. Jones, E. Lincoln, W. Lawson, Cap
tain A. J. Lowell, William A. Mosscrop, Mrs.
Ogdeu, E. W. Ogden, Mrs. William Ortwin,
Rev. and Mrs. C. W. Price, G. Rosenthal, Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Raphael, Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Robertson, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Scott, Captain A.
G. Thomson and Lord Henry Thvnne.
Thynne is the well-known sporting man,
and his horses have made a run for the
English Derby on many an occasion. He
! will be found in the ring to-day, and the
chances are that he will back English-bred
horses.
The Tivoli Opera Company is going to
have an outing on the 31st inst. It will
then be full moon, and the members of tiie
chorus are determined to have a good
time. The tug Fearless has been char
tered, and Captain Haskell is determined
to give all the singers a good time. All
bands may therefore expect a very
pleasant excursion.
The steamer Homer is now out of com
mission, owing to the fact that the Czarina
is now fitting out for the Beaver Hill coal
trade. The old-timer is now being fitted
out for the Alaskan trade, and the chances
I are that she will do a big business in bring
ing stranded miners to this City from
Unalaska. From all appearances no one
is going to make money on the Yukon
this summer. :'",'-•- ■;.
AN OPEN MEETING.
The Laurel Hall Club Kntertain* :. !..-:.
ionable Audience.
Every seat in Beethoven Hall wa= occu
pied yesterday afternoon, at the last open
meeting of the season, held by the Laurel
Hall Club. Nearly all the visitors were
ladies, and most of them were elegantly
j gowned in dainty spring attire.
A good deal of applause was aroused by
I the proeramrne prepared for the visitors' j
entertainment. Mrs Wilbur M. bwett ;
sang two vocal solos, "Ro3etide," by Otto'
Cantor, and a "Lullaby." by V. Stanford, i
Mrs. L. C. Lane contributed a recitation, ;
"Queen Charlotte of Sweden," and Mi.-s
Elenore Joseph, a pianist, who called forth
quite an ovation, played a "^tinninft j
Song," by Rolf, and as an encore, an
"Etude." by Chopin.
Mrs. Sarah Pratt Carr's paper on 'How
to Read" was read by Mrs. Irvint: M. |
. Holden, in the absence of Mrs. Carr. Mrs. :
I James M. Pierce sang a tolo, "The Srent '
j of the Lilies," and in response to a warm j
[ encore she gave "The Lesson of the Birds."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
The Steam Collier Czarina That Will Run Between San Francisco and Coos Bay in the Beaver Hill
Coal Trade.
\Skttched by a "Call" artist.]
Miss Marion M. Powell's recitations gave
such satisfaction that in addition to two
poems by Eugene Field, she was forced to
give an encore. Mrs. Louis Weinmann
concluded the programme by reading a
bright paper on "Arbitration. '*
Mrs. I. M. Lowenburg presided, and a
large number of the Laurel Hall Club
members were present. Among tho vi-it
ors were: Mrs. W. B. Carr. Mrs. .Tudgs
Levy. Mrs. Frank". Mrs. William Manning,
Mrs. Helen Curti-, Mrs. Nathaniel Hol
lnnd, Mrs. Alierdyce. Mrs. Holland Smith,
Mrs. Rulofson, Mrs. T. B. Curtis, Mr-. E.
H. Lawson, Miss Kate ?hirvi:.j. Mr-.
•lames Kunnpll, Mrs. Chapman, Mrs. Cap
tain Watson, Mrs. Gleason. Mrs. M. C
■t. Mrs. F. Johnson. M..-- Virginia
• iibbs Mrs. George B. Carr, Mrs. >" orris,
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall.
A BAY PICNIC.
The (arfrts nf the San Rafael Mili-
tary Ao:ul«mii>- Had Their Yearly
1 ItmlM Yesterday.
Yesterday the San Rafael Military
Academy had its yearly outine in a de
:ightful bay excursion on board tne steamer
.Tames M. Donanue — Company A, Captain
\V. Foster, and Company B, Captain T.
•>re, of the academy cadets, all
under the command of Lieutenant Sa^e,
-. A., instructor of tactics at the
school. The general supervision of the
affair was by Rev. Arthur Crosby, the
principal. There were present President
A. W. Foster of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad. E. W. Newhall of
this City. Judge Angelotti and Editor
8. i. Barstow ol - :ael and several
hundred of the reiarives and invited
guesU ot the students. Professor J. If.
. s orchestra furnished music for
the occasion.
After steaming around the harbor, giv
ing the excursionists an opportunity to
see the different objects of interest the
Donahue was headed for El Campo, where
the remainder of the day was spent in a
shore picnic. A plentiful lunch was
served, conducted by Lieutenant Sage, who
detailed his young troopers as uniformed
waiters and tacfght them to deploy skill
fully am on etbe FBesta with their plates
0: sandwiches and icecream.
Tne afternoon was spent in dancing, and
at 5 o'clock the cadet buglers sounded the
retreat and a pleasant day's outing was
ended.
HIRTY NEW PHYSICIANS
Graduating Exercises of the Cal
ifornia Medical Col
lege.
The Class Gives a Successful Recep
tion in Odd Fel.ows'
Hall.
Thirty students of the California Me.li
cal College graduated last night and the
commencement exercises were followed by
a reception to friends of the students,
held in Odd Fellows' Hall.
The eighteenth annual exercises took
place in tne collese, 1422 Folsom street.
They opened with prayer by Rev. H. L.
Dietz, after which Professor \V. S. Church,
M. D., of Oakland tuade the opening ad
dress. The decrees were conferred by the
dean, Professor D. Maclean, who also
made the address to the students. Pro
fessor J. \V. Hamilton made the closing
address. Dr. H. 1. Webster of Oakland
presided.
When the exercises had been gone
through there was a general adjournment
to Odd Fellow's Hall, which bad been
elaborately decorated for the reception.
Conspicuous in front of the platform was
a large floral design in orange, red and
green, representing the r>iu recently
adopted by the California Medical College.
Its prominent features were the initials of
the college and a red cross, which forms
the centerpiece of the new pin.
Most of t|je members of the faculty were
present and the visitors comfortably filled
the bali. The reception was of a pfeasant
and informal character, consisting largely
of brief, lively speeches, interspersed with
music furnished by an orchestra.
The following are the ladies and gentle
men who graduated last night: Olive F.
Acton, Len A. Aivey, R. Buchanan, Win
nifred N. Byrne, Games L. Coates, Win
ston D. Coates, A.8. ; A. N. Couture, M.1). ;
Lucy A. Crackbon. Henry L. Dietz Jr..
Manley M. Enos, Charles E. Fearn, A. |£
Field, F. N. Folsom. P. L. Hamilton^
J. M. Hicks, Charles K. Hoisroan, Antoi
nette J. Hutchings. Laura E. K*-liy, A. II. ;
J. Arthur Kuykeiidall, Prank T. Lambi
Lottie A. l.runb, \V. M. Lir.qtmt, E. H
Mercer, A.8. ; J. M. O'Bjrne, A.8. ; Elon
A. Ormsby. Belle Perry, G. A. J. tcheuer,
Frank Thomas, Dio Lewis Tisdale, M. D. '
Elizabeth White.
DR. HEEZSTEIN'S OFFER.
A Free Ked in tbe Walderk Sanitarium
for the Police.
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sioners last night a communication wu
read from Dr. Herzstein of the Waldeck
Sanitarium, 717 Jones street.
It expreaatd appreciation for the services
of the police force to the citizens generally
and as a mark of that appreciation offereu
a free bed in the institution with me.iical
attendance, nursing and medicine for any
mfmber of the force who was incapaci
tated from duty by sickness, exclusive of
any contagious or infectious disease or in
sanity.
The Commissioners accepted the offer
in tne same spirit in whicti it was made
and tendered their thanks to Dr. Herz
stein for his kindly appreciation of the
service* of tne force.
.Stabbed a Fel low-Countryman.
Anrello Armideo, who was implicated in a
stabbing affruy which took place in llmckley
alley last Monday evening, was arrested last
ii-.irnt by Officers McMauon ana B.:i ana .-pe
cial Berge and detained at the laiifornia-street
police station on a charge of a*:>ault to murder
TOO LATE TO
RETREAT NOW
Brewery Workmen Com
pelled to Insist Upon
Their Demands.
EDICT FROM THE EAST.
The Local Union Ordered to En
force Recognition by the
Eosses.
THEIR ENEMIES' WEAK SPOT.
Association Members Fear the Enter
prise Has Been Selected for
tbe Boycott.
Before many >lays pa*s th°re is likely to
be another upheaval in trade union circles.
The ultimatum sent last Friday by the
Brewers' Protective Association to the
Brewery Workmen's Union, in which the
\-o«*es\ -o«*es refused to recocnize the union, has
not been received with pleasure by tne
latter body.
When the union made the demand for
recognition it announced that it was pre
pared to make a bitter fight to accomplish
its endr. and the refusal of the bosses w;i
plainly an acceptance of the challenge.
It leaves but one thing to be done — tit:ht,
and the machinery to this end is already
set in motion.
The case was practically placed in the
hands of the ban Francisco Trades Coun
cil and by that body referred to a special
committee, consisting of Thurman, Mo-
Arthur and Walters. This committee met
last evening and discussed the situation.
The committee regarded with interest a
bit of information received Irom the
enemy's camp, and which it was not in
tended the union men should learn. It is
that the bosses are much concerned over
the threat of the union to select only one
of the breweries of the combine for a boy
cott. A week or so ago the uni^n decided
to work on this plan and select the brew
crv having a large patronage by the labor
ing people.
The purpose of this was that, having
had the promise of support from all the
labor unions in the City, a boycott of this
order would be more effectual." The union
has no fear but what it can furnish a sub
stitute for tne boycotted beverage. Sev
eral outside brewers would be only too
glad to secure a good San Francisco traie.
The information that the union received
came from one of the brewers who had
been discussing the situation with several
other?. They agreed ttiat if the Enter
-1 rise Brewery should, be selected as the
victim, as they had been credibly in
lormeU that it had. the association wouid
have a hard riirht on it? hands.
The wcakne^ lay in this, that this brew
ery'a annual output is about .15,000 barrels,
and the patrons are largely the working
people. Consequently a boycott in this
direction would be very damaging to the
association.
Under the agreement among the bosses
they as a whole must make good to the in
jured member the equivalent of his loss.
When the Jackson and National Breweries
were boycotted they did not call upon the
association for the amount of their losses
for more than two or three months ; so the
expense to the association was not tieavv
during the remaining three years.
With the Enterprise it may be different
because of the largeness of the loss it
would have to sustain in consequence of
a boycott by the laboring classes.
The members who discussed this prop
osition feared that the Enterprise people
would demand all due them under the
agreement and the assessment upon the
other brewers would be very heavy. It
was estimated that even the smallest
brewers in the combine would have to put
up at least $-'M) a month and the largerones
in proportion.
At the present price of beer and the
local brewers' competition with the iarge
quantities that are shipped into San P'ran
ci&co from tne East and the surrounding
towns, the brewers fear that some ol their
number will "kick,"' anu a "kick" means
disruption, for it i« not expected that the
boycotted brewery will holdout long wit n
out financial rapport from the association.
All that is necessary for a general smash
up is one brewery to drop out of the com
bine and go over to the union cause.
Wjiie ali of the brewers and maltsters
in the body agreed to pay hied prices to
their present employes there is strong
reasons to believe that they are not keep
ing tneir agreement. It is a very easy
thing for a ooss to say that he is paying
|15 a week for certain work when as
a tact he is only pitying $J< and $10. The
workmen are airaiu to tell the truth as to
what they receive, for fear that they will
be discharged, and they can easily say
that they receive full pay.
When the committeemen were asked
the question direct whether the Enter
prise Brewery bad been selected for the
boycott, while they would not acknowl
edge such was the case none would deny
the rumor.
It is generally conceded by the union
men that the terms in general offered by
the bosses are fair, with the exception
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
that union men will not be recognized. It
is upon this one point that the whole
matter hanes. If this recognition is given
there wi;l be no trouble, but if it is not a
figbt cannot be avoided.
This fact was emphasized at last nieht's
meeting by the reading of a communica
tion from the National union in the East
to the effect that the local union must win
this one point whatever the cost maybe.
An order of this kind from the National
organization ifl mandatory.
BIG REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
Sale of the Gas Company's FroDerty by
En-iton, Kldridge & Co.
The auction sale yesterday by Easton,
Eldridge & Co. of forty-one lots fronting
on First, Fremont, Beaie and Howard
streets, the property of the San Francisco
Gaslicht Company, attracted much atten
tion. There was a Inrze crowd present,
but bidding was not over lively, all bidders
apparently weighing the matter consider
aoly before advancing their bids. The
result of the sale, however, was very satis
factory. The entire property offered was
disposed of for a total of $200,32 a. which is
an average of about ISS per front foot for
the entire frontage of 1079 feet. The last
lar^e sale of consequence of property in
this immediate locality was that of "the
Cullom estate, located on the southeast
line of Howard street, between Fremont
and Beale, being directly opposite part of
that sold yesterday.
It was about two years ago that the sale
occurred, and the average price obtained
then was about $200 per front foot. The
details of yesterday's sale are as follows:
A. B. Foster was the purchaser of the lot
at the corner of Natom'a and First streets,
size 25x100, for 17000; he also bought the
two adjoining lots, same size, fronting on
First street, for $5400 and $5500 respectively ,
while the lot 40x100 at the corner of How
ard and First streets was sold to the same
gentleman for $8600. George E. Dow
bought for $5000 each two lots, 2-sxloo each,
adjoining t:.e corner of First and Howard
streets, also three lots 25x55 each front
ing on Howard between First and
Fremont streets for a total of
$12,700, while two lots 25xS0 each
fronting on Natoma street and abutting
in the rear the lot fronting on Howard
street, purchased by Mr. Dow, were also
sold to that gentleman for $1825 each;
W. T. Garrett A Co.. purchased 75 feet
fronting on Fremont street by 100 feet
deep on Natoma street, for $13,650; also a
lot in the rear 25xS0, fronting on Xatoma
street, for $1925; three lots fronting 90
feet on the southwest line of Fremont
street by 100 feet deep on Howard street,
were sold to J. Keiitfield for $12,750; the
opposite corner, fronting 33:4 feet on
Fremont by 100 feet deep on How
ajd, was bought by Macintosh & Wolf
man for $7200;* a lot adjoining,
25x100, fronting Fremont street, was sold
to Alexander P. Christie for $4250; the
two next lots, same size, were bought
C. H. Evans for $4350 each; J. W.Lau
rence was the purchaser of three lots,
25x137:6 each, fronting Fremont street
opposite Natoma, for $15,300; three lots
the same size in the rear, and fronting on
Beale street, were sold to J. ana P. Gal
lagher for $15,700; a lot 33:4x100, on the
northwest corner of Beale an.i Howard
streets, was sold to P. A. McDonald for
$3200, who also purchased for $4300 each,
three adjoining lot?. 25x100 each, fronting
on Beale street, while the lot 25x108:4,
fronting on Howard street and adjoining
the other four lots was also bought by Mr.
McDonald foi 96000; C. Frioic bought two
lots 26x108:4 each, fronting on Howard
street, between Beale and Fremont, for
$4500; six lots having a frontage of 157:6
leet along the southwest line of Howard
street, southwest from the corner of Fre
mont, were sold to Abner Doble & Co. for
$27,500.
WILL ORGANIZE TO-DAY.
The Republican State Executive
Committee to Hold Its
Initial Meeting.
John D. Spreckels Returns From the
Sooth and Praises the New
Committee.
John D. SprecKels and S. M. Shortridge
returned yesterday from tneir trip to LO9
Angeles and San Diego.
To his friends Mr. Spreckels expressed
his Individual satisfaction at the character
ol the executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Corumittee as it has
been created by Mr. Arthur.
He gives the estimate of the committee
that is given by intelligent Republicans of
tne State generally in saying that it is a
comni'ttee of clean and capable men,
familiar with political campaign work,
who are representative of both the party
and the whole tState and who will work
harmoniously for the unity and best
interests of the party.
The executive committee will hold its
fir«t meeting at the headquarters of the
ijtate Committee, 419 California street,
this afternoon. It is like!}* that all of the
twenty-one members will be present. W.
F. Parker of Los Angeles and W. F.
George of Sacramento came to the City
yesterday, and the i«ther members from
outside of San Francisco are expected to
arrive this morning.
It is not likely that the execntive com
mittee will do anything of importance at
this meeting beyond effecting permanent
organization by tne election of a chairman,
a secretary and an assistant secretary.
The active campaign work of the com
mittee will not begin until after the Na
tional Convention does its work.
Fell From a Scaffold.
Frank Sproston, plasterer, 1018 Larkin
street, while working on a building at 18 Sev
enth street yesterday evening, tell from a scaf
fol'ling. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was iouad that he had sustained
a concussion of the spine and a badly sprained
back.
THE EVANGELIST
WAS CRITICIZED.
Jews Become Very Much
Incensed at Herman
Warszawiak.
ASKED FOR AUTHORITIES
Exciting Scene at the Howard
Street Methodist Episco
pal Church.
DECLLNED TO BE QUESTIONED.
Hebrews Who Objected to Religious
Criticism From One of Their
Own Blood.
An exciting scene took place last even
ing in the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church when Herman Warszawiak,
superintendent of the New York Ameri
can Mission to the Jews, had finished his
first address to the people of California on
the subject of evangelizing the Jews.
A large number of Hebrews were in the
audience that filled every available seat in
the assembly-room, and, though they
listened in silence until the address was
over, they could contain themselves no
longer when the la?t words had been said
and|the audience began to disper.-e.
Then they crowded about the evangelist
and demanded to know his authority for
some of tne statements he had made.
He refused to answer them, saying that
the place was not a proper one for such
discussions, but that he would be glad to
meet his questioners later and give them
any information in his power.
This so incensed some of the Hebrews
that they scoffed openly at the speaker,
and one man told nini that he was a rene
gade and should stop trying to Christian
ize Jews unless he was "prepared to back
up his arguments with fact e .
Mr. Warsza^viak finaily beat a hasty re
treat, and the objectors" adjourned to" the
sidewalk, where they held an animated
debate in which some very uncompli
mentary expressions were applied to the
evangeast.
Mr. Warszawiak is strongly HeDraic in
cast of countenance and accent and is an
earnest and telling speaker when warmed
up to his subject," "Tbe Salvation of
Israel."
He dwelt particularly on the statement
of Christ that the Hebrews were his chosen
people, and said that -he Christians oi the
world shotfM bear this fact strongly in
mind and make every effort by prayer* and
example to bring tne Jews into the inheri
tance that belongs to them, inasmuch as
it was through the Hebrews that tae Chris
tian? of to-day became possessed of the
blessings of Christianity.
"There are 12,000,000 "of the chosen peo
ple living in darkness in the United States
to-day," said he, "and I cannot conceive
how a Christian who believes in and fol
lows the teachings of the Scriptures can
think on this vast army of human beings,
bereft of the bles-ings of Christianity,
without reaching out a helping hand to
save them.
"A- a punishment for their sins God has
scattered them, but he has said that he
wi;i gather tdem again, and I believe he
will.
"They must be prepared for the gather
ing, however, and the" Christian owes it to
God to aid him in gaining for them the mer
cy that is given the gentile throush his be
lief in Jesus. I have come 3000 miles to
beg of you, plead with yon, implore you
to carry the truth to the Jews, and con
vince tliem that salvation can only come
through Jesus.
"Pray for them and plead with them,
and you will do a noble work."
The speaker closed with a' strong tribute
to the Jew, as an upright man and a good
citizen.
His Case Dismissed.
Frank Neil, engineer on the steamer China,
wlio was arre^teu for robbing and attemoting
to strangle Mrs. Crowley of Stevenson street,
had his case dismissed by Judge ix>w yester
day. Xo witnesses were examined, but when
the case was called the Judge simply ordered
it dismissed.
NEW TO-DAY.
Tan
Kid
Southern
Ties j
Dark Tan, Brown Cloth Top, . Razor or Narrow
Square Toe, medium heel.
Ladles' sires 91 50
A better grade 2 00
The very best .... 3 50
Kast's 7:38-740 Market St.
Send for Catalogue; mailed free.
The«e goods are made by Buckingham <S Hecht.
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRQ BATHS.
GRANDEST AQUATIC EXHIBITION
Ever Held on the Pacific Coast.
All Amateurs Desiring to Enter Races
Mast send their names to Baths before 10 a. v
SATURDAY.
PROGRAMME TO COMMENCE AT 2 P. M.
. SATURDAY, May 23, ana Finish a: 11
. p. m. Sunday, May 24.
BOYS AND GIRLS-
Ai'Mi>>lON (including bathing) .....15e
Ad in 1 -lion only ;.; Si-
Adults 10c
RACING! racing! racing
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, May 14th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at '2 -.00 P. M. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street can pass the ats
R. B. JULBOY. THOti. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
. = •!..-• .»:;■. President.,
NEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
I i^ «_ ENGAGEMENT
|»^ AT THE -*■ TOP.
I Baldwin 3 ™
ADAREHAN
Under the Management of Mr. Angnstln Daly.
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY,
THE LAST WORD.
Saturday Matinee COUNTESS GUCKI
Saturday Sight... SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL
Next Wee*— Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday and
Friday night 9 and .-aturilav Matinee— Exquisite
production of Shakespeare s fanciful comedy—
3IIIISUJI3IEII SIGHT'S DREAM.
Thursday Xlsht COUXTESS GUCKI
Saturday Night LOVE OXjCKUTC'HES
3d Week— "Twelfth >*I?nV "The Honeymoon,"
' Taming of the shrew,' etc
Seats Now Selling for Entire o Weeks.
I" ALL
THIS
____MineesSy
! is Big a Drawing Card as Ever !
HOYT'S Merriest 1 -
nuY i b suit, ttARRY
A CONOR
TRIP TO " si
■ "■■ IV SELECTED
CHINATOWN 131
naat*iott.«»mop» UiiMAnsrunAiUS--
A Veritable I-augh-Provokfr 1
Very— Very Fnnny!
"MISS HARM SCARIM !"
Bri ht anil Catchy Mu.ioal Numbers.
A splendid Comedy Company, including
AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE.
Heserved Seats— »sr, sOc and 7 5c.
June 1-TheNew I COMPANY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
; Mm Jt.k.nkstine Kret.ino. I'roprie-.or & Maaajae
CAUGHT THE TOWN!
The Regal Operatic Production of
"hCLE TOirS CABIT
The Lovely Music of the South !
Characteristic Negro Dances
And Cake "Walls!
The Levee Banjo Struuimers !
Clever Specialties : Superb Cast t
"GKAND APOTHEOSIS,"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
Wa.LT felt MQKUrfCO. -Sola Lessee and ilan»j«
THIS EVEXI.Nti AT EIGHT.
Third Week of America's Loading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER
In the Great Historical Tragedy,
"JACK CADE!"
The Bondman of Kent !
First Knight of Labor
SVMIHM Pbicsj— i\z ..ill Skj.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10=.
Usual Matinee* >:uuni;iy ana Sunday.
O'Farrei: Street, Between Stockton and PoweU.
TO-XIGHTAXD DIKING THE^VKKK
More Noted International Attractions !
LB CLAIK and LESLIE,
AILLE. CARRIE,
JOHN W. RAXSOXK,
WOOD AND SIIEPAED
And a Magnificent Company.
Reserved feat*. -sc; Balcony, ll)c; Oper* ca»iri
and Box seats. sOc
Next Monday— Papinta. the sensation of the East,
fPinHANDEfWTTLOSaC 0 USSEESa/"iANAi»
tKIDAV KM.MS(,, MAY -j-j
FAREWELL CONCERT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
GLEE AND MANKOLIN CLUBS.
The Best Programme Ever Given.
Reserved >ea;s. SOc, 75c and $1.00, on sale at
Sherman, Clay <fc Co.'s.
ALAMEDA COUNTY SPORTS-
MEN'S ASSOCIATION.
DOG SHOW
MILLS TABERNACLE
Twelfth and Webster Streets,
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY,
May 20th, 21st, 22d and 23d, 1896.
ADMISSION. SOc CHILDREN, 25c
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
USIYERSITI OF CALIFORNIA.
TELE GRADUATION EXERCISES WILL
■*• lake place at the
BALDWIN THEATER
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, May 21, aft %
o'clock.
The public Is cordially Invited.
R. A. Me LEAN, M. D.,
Dean of the Facnlty.
THE CHUTES
Open SATURDAY and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
and KVEXIN'i-S during Improvements.
Free Parachutes to Children SATURDAY.
SUNDAY— LEILA AD AIR.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
A banquet In honor of the day will be held at the
Palace Hotel, under the anspices of the British
Benevolent Society of California, on MONDAY,
May -'5, at 7:30 p. m. Tickets $5 each. Can be •
procured at Dosey's, under the Palace Hotel.
XI.V \V W. BOLTOX. Hon. Sec.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
-Hoi gjjjft
,9J 9ARIA.
-At : The Grandest ■ HRII7
Jr \ : Picnic : ilßli/
JP ■JJ :Of the season :U It Ufci
■J\. MOUNTAINS
.3 K. THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
•Excursion and Family Picnic*
OF THE
\ UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
WILL BE HELD ON
THURSDAY...... MAY 31. 1896
At GLENWOOD PARK
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Tickets for the round trip (including Park). SI. OO
Children (between 5 and 12 years) 500
Tickets can be practiced of any member of the
society, or at 6O«J Montgomery st., Room 16, or as .
the wharf on the morn] - of ibe Excursion. A -
fine Band of Mus:c win accompany the Excursion,
The train will be made up 01 First-clasps Passen-
ger Coaches. . Prizes for adults and children.
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry (narrow gauge), foot .
of Market st., at 8:45 a. St. sharp. .Returning,
train leaves Glenwood at b: SO r. v.
78
BOOD BOOMING
HIS OWN BOARD.
He Asks a Regent How
Much the Health of the
City Has Improved.
KEINSTEIN WAS READY.
Oakland, Stockton and San Fran
cisco Contending for the
Wilinerding.
POSTPONED UNTIL JUNE 9.
Spirited Discussion on the Indebtedness
of the University— Budd
on the Deficit.
Tne University Regents began talking
Wilmerding School at 10 o'clock yester
day morning and saving an hour of the I
afternoon recess continued the task until
C o'clock in the evening. There were some
diversions not wholly devoid of humor.
While Mr. West was explaining with a
good deal of earnestness that malaria no
longer existed In Stockton and was quotine
health statistics to prove that the death
rate in Stockton was very low— among the
three or four lowest of the cities of the
United States— Governor Budd, with a
sudden inspiration, turned to Regent
Reinstein and inquired:
"Reinstein. what reduction in the death
rate of San Francisco lias the present
Board ol Health brought about?"
"A reduction of 7 per c°nt since they
took office," promptly replied the well
] osted Reinstein.
Tne regents held their breath in aston
ishment, momentarily exj eciing the Gov
ernor to announce that the present im
mortal Board of Health would soon abol
ish death entirely.
The regents attending the session yes
terday were Hallidie, Mi'.ler, Kelloge,
< ha«e, Waymire, Black, Lynch, John E.
Budd, I'lieips, Peiiirke, Martin, Wallace,
Jeter, Hnughton, Reinstein, and Secre
tary Bonte.
Professor Merrill of the L,ick School in
San Francisco addressed the board at
length and replied tv many Question*.
Professor Ardley of the University of
California read an excellent paper. His
views were presented with remarkable
clearness. He brought it clearly to the
mind of tbe reeents that Mr. Wilmerdine
directed that an institution should be
established wherein the boys should have
"little stiuly and plenty of work."
Alt r recess Professor Keyes of the
Throop Polytechnic Institute. Pasadena.
was aeain called, and enlightened the
boiir i on several points.
Tbe advantages of Stockton were r>re-
Ferueci by Colonel 11. G. Shaw, editor of
the Stockton Mail. He handled the sub
ject wilh skill a:id intelligence.
Colonel Shaw was followed by Mr. West,
another advocate of Stockton." Tlie Gov
ernor and Repent John E. Budd promoted
the speakers ocrasionally, and it may be
Eaid that the main points in favor of the
chief city of ihe San Jonquin Valley were
comprehensively submitted to the* judg
ment of the Repents.
The advantages a? well as the claims of
Oakland ttere to the considera
tion oi the Regents by R. Davis. He
had hi< speech well fixed in his mind, and
commanded close attention.
In i he course of his argument he read
a message by wire from Senator Perkins.
It seems that the Senator and Mr. Wil
merding had several talks concerning the
trades school endowment. The dispatch
rea I as follows :
"Mr. Wilmerding simply said he con
templated the establishment of a trades
school but mentioned no locality."
James D. Phelan spoke for ssn Fran-
CJfIOO ar.d answered more than a score of
inquiries propounded by Governor Budri.
Mr. Phelan mentioned that Mr. Wilmer
(line lived In Sun Francisco and never
owned a lionte in the country. He talked
in a kindly way to the street nrchins and
took a deep interest in the welfare of the
little Arabs. It was his intention that the
school should be established in San Fran
cisco. Surely the regents should respect
the intentions of a donor in order that
others niiptit not be deterro.i from making
eifta to promote tbe cause of education.
The charge was resented that Pan Fran
cii-co bad derived its wealth from the in
terior and was now sacking to gobble up
everything. In closing he submitted that
the school should be located in San Fran
cisco, because here it would do the most
goo-1, be available to the greatest number
of boys and would carry out the desires of
Mr. Wilmerding. Mention was made of
San Francisco enterprise in contributing
$2.0C0.000 for the Valley road.
The fact tTM very clearly set forth in
more than one argument yesierday that
the great danger to be apprehended was
that the school would become an institu
tion of manual training. Trade schools
6e( kto become engineering colleges. Tbe
tendency everywhere was to raise the
standard of education. Mr. "West of
Btockton told of sending his boy to
Berkeley for ptudy in electrical work, but
so many languages were put in the course
of study that the boy's health broke under
the strain.
It was practically acknowledged by
Messr?. Davis, Phelan and Keyes that the
Wilmerding School should not be located
at Berkeley, for the reason that the liter
ary students, the poets and Latin scholars
could not come in contact wiin the boy
mechanics without friction. It seems that
an atmosphere highly charged with
thought with a big high T, and science and
philosophy with a big b P would not be
ajrre able to boy 3 who expect to work
with their hands.
Higher education received some biffs
from several speakers. The organic act
creating the Berkeley institution was
quoted and frequent references was made
to the clearly expressed language that agri
culture and mechanical trades should be
tnught.
Some of the high-salaried professors
wbo are in the Eastern States or Europe
will be pained to learn that there is now a
deficit of $13,000. The university is that
much in debt, with a prospect of another
deficiency.
A few days ago a ways and means com
mittee was appointed, with Mr. Reinstein
ns chairman, to consider what should be
<ion» in view of the indebtedness. Yester
day Mr. Reinstein read the report of the
committee. The document is about the
length of a President's regular message to
Congress. It begins by eulocrizing the
jegents for unexampled economy and un
paralleled rectitude in the management of
the trust, and closes with a determination
not to curtail expenses, lor fear some of
the pre-eminently gifted good men might
be lost — lost to the university. There is a
melancholy recital that Lonis Sloss Sr.,
taken as an average citizen in the matter
of exercising private generosity, had de
clined to assist the university, and then
there is the expressed hope that the Legis
lature will rise equal if not superior to
the emergency and provide the money
reeded.
The report recommends the further ex
penditure of $3000, to hold fifty meetings
throughout the State, to bring the unive'r
eity into line with farmers and miners.
rtegent Hallidie indicated that lie would
oppose all propositions to run in debt. It
was against his principles.
lie<*ent Houghton disliked a suggestion
in the report that boards of mining and.
horticulture be abolished by the Legis
lature and tee work in that line be as
signed to the university.
It was the expressed sense of the meet
ing that the suggestion should be omitted.
The regents do not care to encounter in
the Legislature the opposition of the
miners and horticulturists. .,,.,.
Judge Wallace agreed with Mr. Halhdie
that a report so important as the one
under consideration should be founded on
correct principles.
Governor Budd said there had been no
estraavgance in the university manage
ment. The deficit had been caused by the
jupgling of the State Board of Equaliza
tion in reducing the valuation in twenty
five counties to "cinch" San Francisco.
True. San Francisco had been increased 15
per cent, but a reduction all around of
$70,000,000 was made, by which the uni
versity this year receives but $107,000,
whereas the year before it received $119,000.
Tnat accounted readily for the deficit of
$13,000.
The regents adjourned to meet at 10 a.
m., June 9. It was decided that a vote on
the Wilmerding site should be taken at
that session, but not before noon of the
first day's meeting.
During the discussion yesterday it was
stated that Mrs. Lux had left one-third of
her estate to establish a trades school in
Snn Francisco. Mr. Reinstein said:
"That is in her will. I have a copy of the
will in my office."
A FOOLISH ATTEMPT.
Three Prisoner* Plnn to Mnke Their
Eacape From the City Prison.
A mild sensation was caused in the City
Prison yesterday morning when it was dis
covered that three prisoners in one of the
felony ceils had been planning a means to
make their escape.
The three prisoners are Frank Stocking,
arrested for perjury in swearing falsely to
a bond that he owned certain property ;
Louis "Wilson, a sure-thing man, arrested
for swindling a Southern Pacific conductor
out of $200, and George McCann, arrested
for perjury while giving testimony in
Judge Campbell's court.
They had commenced on the brick wall
at the rear of the cell, which is three feet
thick. One of the bricks had been re
moved after considerable labor and a piece
of paper covered the aperture. It would
have taken them months to break through
the wail, and even then they would have
found themselves in a lockedcorndor.
The three men were each placed in
separate steel cells, where they will be
kept till the cases are disposed of in the
Police courts.
LOCAL MILLINERS DUPED
R. M. Samuels, a New Ycrk
Commercial Traveler, Placed
Under Arrest.
He Is Accused of Obtaining Money on
Bogus Checks and Forged
Drafts.
R. M. Samuels, a commercial traveler
from New York, was arrested on Ellis
street near Powell last night by Detective
<;• Harper and taken to the City Prison,
where he was placed in the "tanks."
According to the information in the pos
session of the poiice, Samuels came nere !
about six months ago from New York
ostensibly as the traveling representative j
of R. Lindheim, 652 Broadway, and M. \
Samuels, his father, 632 Broadway, both
wholesale milliners.
He is a tall, good-looking young man, j
and always dressed well. He soon trained !
an extensive acquaintance in the local !
millinery trade, and at the headquarters
of Eastern drummers at the Palace and
Baldwin hotels he was regarded as a lib- i
eral spender.
A few days ago he called upon J. Couch- !
Inn, the Market-street milliner, with I
whom he had done some business, and
presented a draft for $40 drawn in his !
favor on Coughlan by J. C. Spencer, an- !
other milliner on Market street. Cough- I
lan cashed the draft and on Tuesday, j
when Coughlan met Spencer, the latter re- ;
pudiated the draft, pronouncing it a
forgery.
It came out that Samuels had also ob- !
tamed money from Spencer and that sev- i
! cral other milliners, who had enjoyed the ;
| pleasure of his acquaintance, had been i
\ victimized in various ways. Amone them i
: wa« the proprietor of the Bon Ton on j
! Kearny street, who had advanced money
! to him on a foreign draft, which was after
! ward returned dishonored.
Coughlan, on learning these facts, noti
fied the police, and Han.fr, who had been
' supplied with a photograph of Samuels,
| unexpectedly came across him on Ellis
street last ni u ht. Samuels was slightly I
under the influence of liquor. He was
taken to police headquarters and Captain :
Lees ordered him to be locked up pending j
further developments.
it is said that owing to his fast mode of
living in New York his father got tired i
of settline his bills and finally cast him
adrift.
MINERAL LAND LAW.
Twelve Commisiiioneri Bccomm ended
by the Miners' Aasoclation.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Miners' Association met at the Union
League Club last evening and recom
mended to President Cleveland as commis
sioners to designate mineral land within
railroad grants, the following :
Edward H. Benjamin, Alameda; John
McMurray, Trinity; Mark B. Kerr, Cala
veras; George D. McLean, Nevada; Hu
bert Viecher, Hollister; Chris Runckel,
Colfax; John D. McGillvary, San Fran
cisco; Thomas Poyzer, Alameda; Samuel
K. Thornton, San Francisco; E. C. Loftus,
Calaveras; T. M. Kendrick. Tuolumne;
Ferdinand Van Leicht, San Francisco; E.
B. Preston, Lassen.
The first four mentioned are practical
I mining men, residents of California, one
j from each of the four.'districts. The Presi
| dent indicated to T. L. Ford that he de
sired such recommendations in order to
comply with the law, which requires one
i in each district to be a practical mining
\ man and a resident of the State.
A special committee, appt . ted two
month 3 ago, considered forty applications
for twelve commissiotiership*, a..d last
evening recommended twelve. Tne ex
ecutive committee last night passed in
these recommendations.
The special committee consisted of Jacob
Neff. John M. Wright, Charles Hoffman
Edward Coleman, and - Williara C. Ralston
taking tne place or Charles G. Yale, who
resigned.
At last night's session Judpe Wallling
asked that the Nevada County Miners' As
sociation be given further time to consider
the name recommended from that district.
He had no objection to George D. McLean,
but thought the association should be con
sulted. Samuel Thornton said the matter
was a State and not a county affair and
then the motion to confirm prevailed.
The motion to ratify the twelve recom
mended prevailed.
It is expected that the bill will pass in a
few days and that the President will ap
point three commissioners from each of
tbe four districts.
These names will be transmitted to
Washington at once to forestall private
pressure for the place. The job pays $10 a
day, and will last lor some time.
Died From lIU Injuries.
William Princeley, 3<>o Sanchez street, died at
the City and County Hospital yesterday irom
injuries received from a fall downstairs on
May 17.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
BEAUTY WEDS
WITH SCIENCE
Nuptials of Miss Denicke
and Professor Leusch
ner.
A YEAR'S HONEYMOON.
The Groom Is an Astronomer of
Undisputed Reputa
tion.
JUDGE SLACK OFFICIATED.
Flowers Bloom Around the Happy
Pair and Friends Gather to
Cougratu ate.
Beauty and science joined hands last
evening when Professor Leuschner, of the
Astronomical Department of the Slate
University, and Miss Ida Denicke, only
Professor Armin O. l.cnschncr, Who Has Left His Stars and Telescopes for a
Wedding Trip.
daughter of Colonel Denicke, were united ,
by Judge Slack in the golden bonds of
matrimony.
The ceremony was celebrated at 8 o'clock
at tbe residence of the bride's father, on |
the northeast corner of Sacramento and
Mason streets, in the presence of relatives
and a limited number of intimate friends.
A reception followed which was attended
by some two hundred invited guests.
The parlors of the Denicke residence,
with their rare works of art and elecant
furnishings, were lavishly clothed in floral '
adornments. Hoses, carnations, acacia,
wild oats and ferns were used with most
artistic effects.
In the drawing-room where the cere
mony was performed, a canopy formed of
gnarled branches, all gilded, and masses
of white roses was erected. True-lovers
knots of pale blue ribbon and. streamers of
the same delicate hue lent an exquisite !
touch of color to the handsome ensemble. !
It was in the midst of this floral loveliness
that the happy couple stood while the
judge read the impressive service and their
friends crowded round them to ofter con
gratulations.
The bride, a dainty little maid with
deep blue eyes and nut-brown hair, looked
extremely lovely in her handsome bridal
gown of ivory white satin. The jupe was
made en traine and the corsage was elabo
rately trimmed with duohesse lace.
The maid of honor, Miss Stella Locan,
and the bridesmaid, Miss Eleanor Frauen
holz, were attired alike in blue organdie
over white silk. Professor Cory of the
University of California officiated as best
man.
The bride is one of the most popular
younc ladies in the exclusive German-
American set. In addition to her rare
personal charms she is talenteu and gifted
to a degree. She is a musician of no mean
ability, and an accomplished linguist.
She is well read, and finds joy in sports of
Miss Ida Dcnickc, Who Was -Married Last Evening to Professor Lcusctaner of the
University of California.
all kinds, excelling as a daring and grace
ful swimmer. The only daughter of a
millionaire father, she has enjoyed ail the
advantages of wealth. "
Professor Leuschner is one of the most
prominent of the young men of science on
this coast. He was for two years stationed
at the Lick Observatory, and is connected
with the astronomical department of the
State University. He enjoy 3 the respect
and esteem of the professors and pupils
alike, wno unanimously unite iv predict
ing a brilliant future for the young man.
Professor Leuschner nas been granted a
year's absence, and with his bride will
spend the time in pursuit of pleasure and
scientific observation abroad. The young
couple received many elegant and costly
presents, which testify to tbe high esteem
la which they are held by their numerous
friends.
RIORDAN'S REVENGE.
Warrants Sworn Out for the Arrett of
Three Men for Battery.
Tom Riordan, a young man awaiting his
preliminary examination on the charge of
burglary, swore out warrants yesterday in
Judge Low's court for the arrest of Charles
Harrold, blacksmith, San Bruno road and
Army street, William Riordan and H.
Leopold, on the charge of battery.
Riordan used to work for Harrold and
Harrold accused him of breaking into
his house on April 16. On Thursday after
noon Harrold and the two others captured
Riordan on the San Bruno road and Rior
dan alleges that they took him into Har
rold s barn and strung him up to the
rafters till a policeman arrived.
MET WARSZAWIAK.
Ministers Arranging for the Meetings of
the Jewish .Evangelist.
There was only a small showing of the
pastors appointed by the various ministe
rial bodies to meet with Rev. Hermann
Warszawiak when the meeting was called
to order yesterday afternoon in the Young
Men's Christian Association building. In
addition to the Jewish evancelist and H.
Chester and L. Katze, there were Rev. F.
Fliwith, Rev. Mr. Boynton and Rev. Mr.
Stewart.
Hermann Warszarviak and H. Chester
were appointed a committee to superin
tend all arrangements as to Mr. Warsza
wiak's plans for preaching, etc. It was
decided on the invitation of Mr. Boynton
that he sbouM preach at the First Baptist
Church next Sunday morning.
WANTS DIVORCE HERSELF.
Sir*. Mover's Peculiar Allegations
Against Her Kx*llushand. £Sftß
Mrs. Marie A. Meyer has applied to
Judge Slack to have him set aside the ac
cree of divorce entered in favor of Charles
P. Mever and against her, and to render
judgment in her favor in the case.
Mrs. Meyer says she was married to
Meyer in July, 1894, in Oakland. She.
says he wanted the fact of the marriage
kept secret for a year anyway, as his
father would seriously interfere with his
prospects if he knew of the ceremony. In
November, 1894, she says, she found he
had commenced divorce proceedings
against her, but when she inquired he told
her it was done to appease the wrath of
bis father, who had learned of the mar
riage. She says he"told her the divorce pro
ceedings would not be prosecuted to the
end and to ignore them altogether. She
did so, but afterward found the divorce
had been granted to him, and upon the
ground of infidelity — a thing she strongly
objects to, as she says it is without foun
dation.
In the meantime, Mrs. Meyer says, her
husband has been married "again, so she
wants the original divorce to be given to
her instead of to him.
. » . ■
In Roumania women both study and
practice medicine.
POPULISM AND
ITS PROSPECTS
The Party's Manager Ana
lyzes Its California
Strength.
ALL CLASSES THIS TIME.
They Think That Their Original
Tariff Plank Will Prove
a Trump.
WILL TAKE IT TO ST. LOUIS.
The Party Has Learned to B3 Wary
cf Combinations, and These Are
Doubtful Yet.
The Populists are girding up their loins
with homely-mannered vigor for the cam
paign.
Since their Sacramento convention ad
journed the leaders have been congratu
lating themselves and each other on what
they regard as the flawless and somewhat
brilliant work of that body, sizing up the
public effect of their labors and laying
plans for campaign operations.
E. M. Wardall, the vigorous, sensible,
devoted and shrewd farmer of Monrovia,
Los Angeles County, who was re-elected
chairman of the State Centra! Committee
for the third time, is in the City and will
remain nere throughout the campaign.
On June 3 the executive committee will
meet at the Essex-street home of John C.
Gore, arrange for permanent headquarters
and proceed to lend active assistance to
the Congressional campaigns in the First,
Second add Seventh districts in which
nominations for Congress have already
been made. >'ot much else will be dove iv
the way of campaign work until after the
Populist National Convention in St. Louis
July 22.
Chairman "Wardall talked yesterday
about the prospects of the party in Cali
fornia, as be sees them. He said that the
party would poll an immensely increased
vote this year, and he told wiiy.
"fcjince the convention adjourned," said
Mr. Wardall, "we have organized the ex
ecutive committee and I have appointed
a committee on liuance consisting of John
C. Gore of San Francisco, J. M. Moore of
Alameda and John S. Dure of Fresno.
'Our campaign fund will come from pop
ular contributions. The convention ar
ranged for a fund of $10,0; X), whicn the
couiities are to raise by voluntary assess
ment, the amounts to be proportioned to
the Webster vote. Most of the couiities
are pledged to this by their delegates, and
1 think that most of it will be raised. We
have no other resources. Our people are
poor, we have no rich men or candidates
to assess and must be economical.
"The fund will oe spent mainly on cam
paign literature and traveling expenses of
speakers. This fund wiW not be so very
large, but we conducted the campaign of
Is. 4 ihi less than §MVO aud we made that
pretty warm."
Mr. Wardall and the rest of the Populist
leaders are very proud of their tariff plank
declaring for protection which shall benent
particularly the laborer and producer and
lor a iion-pariisau tariff commission. This
move is an original one of the California
Populists. No other State has touched
the tariff. Mr. Wardall expects the plank
to be adopted by the National Convention.
"I have been watching the effect of our
convention on the public," said the party's
general manager, "and 1 am satisfied that
we have struck the keynote, especially
with our stand on the tariff. Late in the
winter I made an extended tour of the
East and the coast with my eyes open,
and I realized that we could not sensibly
hold another convention without making
a stand on the tariff question. The people
demand it. There is no considerable num
ber of real free trade people in the United
States. We realized that the interests of
the party demanded that we take a conser
i vativu and tenable position un the tariff a
tariff that would protect labor ana produc
tion and not the trusts. 1 have heard no
serious objections raised to our tariff plank.
I think it is manifestly in the interest of
the party and that it will be adopted by
the National Convention.
"No other State has taken any ground
; on the tariff, partly because nearly all of I
I them will hod second conventions at
; which platforms will be adopted. "We
I have set the pace, as far as platforms are j
j concerned. I find an almost universal ex
pression that wo must devise a tariff that
I will not make a few millionaires at the ex
pense at the people, and that the present
system i 3 unscientific It does not take
it.to consideration the low cost of labor
entering into the value of an imported ar
ticle. I think Has plank will appeal
strongly to the mass of American citizens.
I thiiik it will be approved by business men.
"This year our strength will come
largeiy from the conservative business
men of the State and to tliem we will
principally appeal during this campaign.
The other night ten business men, .Repub
licans and Democrats, who happened to
be together in this City, discussed the
Populist platform, and they agreed that
they would support the Populist party if
no disgraceful combinations were made.
Business men are in distress and discour
aged at the outlook, and they largely turn
lo us because we advocate the free coinage
of silver end the issuance of money
enough to do the business of the country
with.
"We are this year appealing to the whole
people and not to any class. We have
made no special appeal to the laboring
class, but their vote will largely come to
us. Many farmers, especially fruit-farmers,
have been demanding a statement of our
position on the tariff, and they have got
it. They are heavily mortgaged, and the
tariff and financial questions appeal to
them as producers.
"The prejudice against the Populist
party, which has existed owing to the im
pression that it was coin posed of a lot of
cranks and communists, uas largely dis
appeared, owing to the fact that the so
cialists are more radical than the Populists
and have united with the Socialist Labor
party, which will rua a ticket of its own.
"1 thintc thai the work of the convention
has been conservative and wise through
out, and that it appeals to all classes of
citizens. The party is united and it is free
from boss rule, corrupt combinations and
efforts to get into oilice at a sacrifice of
principle. These are some of the reasons
why I believe our vote will be increased
enormously this year.
"We learned some things two years ago
that we wifl protit by. One is to be careful
about combinations. The campaign will
be mainly one of education. If we make
any combinations it will be after the last
two National conventions— the Populist
and silver ones.
"It is too early to say anything about
the prospects of "a combination with the
Biiventes. It will depend on what the Ke
publican and Democratic conventions do
with the financial question and then on
what is jointly done In St. Louis. If such
a union is effected we will carry the State
and San Francisco as well.
"The Prohibitionists, I think, are de
termined to run a campaign of their own.
There were no overtures from either side
during the conventions. We decided that
tbe liquor question was something we did
not care to Handle. Most of the Populists j
favor State control by some such plan aa
the successful dispensary law of South
Carolina, and the Prohibitionists, of
course, wouldn't have that.
"I think that probably 90 per cent of the
Populist vote will be in favor of the equal
suffrage amendment, and that it will un
doubtedly be carried. The county com
mittee intends to make a vigorous cam
paign in this City, and there will, this
year, be a realignment of forces that will
be felt here. This year, for the first time,
we will have an election officer in every
pollins booth in the State, which will be
another advantage."
Such was this Populist leader's resume
of the present position of his party in
California. The Populist mins will not do
much booming until after the National
convention, when conventions will beheld
to make county, municipal and legislative
nomination?.
NATIONAL VETERANS.
Ninth Annual Meeting, Election of
Officers and Banquet at the
Occidental.
The ninth annual meeting of the Vet
erans' Association of the National Guard
of California was held at the Flood build
ing last evening. Major A. D. Grimwood,
commander, presided. The following
officers for the ensuing year were elected:
Commander, Colonel Sheldon I. Kellogg;
vice-ccinmander, Colonel A. i>. Cutler; re
corder, Sergeant E. X. Snook; financier, Cap
tain C. P. Le Breton; treasurer, Lieutenant (".
S. Benedict; linance committee— Colonel 11. P.
Bush, Colonel J. P. .Robertson, Colonel Thomas
V. Barry.
The anniversary banquet took place at
the Occidental Hotel. Major Hooper pro
vided for 118 veterans, and that number sat
down. The lower dining hall was beauti
ful ly festooned with flags.
Colonel Kellogg was toastmaster, and
the sentiments and respondents were:
Our Country— C. L. Tilden.
Our S:ate— C. S. Benedict.
Our City— C. L. Taylor.
Past Commander— A. P. Grimwood.
Our Future— T. F. Barry.
The Ladies— W. C. Little.
Several past commanders were present,
and aiucng them was specially noticed
General John Hewston, the first com
mander of the organization.
THE REPUBLICAN LADIES.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou Makes
Her Report From the
Convention.
An Enthusiastic Suffrage Meeting
Held at the California
Hole 1 .
There was a large and interested attend
ance at the meeting of the Woman's Re
publican Club which was held last night
at the California Hotel.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou reported for the
delegates, consisting of herself, Mrs. Dr.
Noble and Mr^. Nellie Holbrook Blinn,
who had been sent by the club to the re
cent Republican Convention at Sacra
mento. Her account was naturally an
inspiring one to the ladies and gentlemen
present and it aroused warm applause.
Mrs. Ballou said that twenty years ago
the National Republican League had taken
woman by the hand and that the suffrflgc
plank recently adopted by the Republi
cans of California was only what was to
have been expected of such an enlightened
party. "We are part of the Republican
party, and we have been with you to-night
to report our work done," concluded Mrs.
Ballon.
The report was unanimously accepted
and ordered to be placed on file.
Charles Wesley Kyle, the next speaker,
said: "In order to achieve anything you
must organize effectively. I believe
wherever we attain anything in this life it
is by active earnest work."
Mrs. Emma Gregory, the president of
the Woman's Republican Club, when
called unon for a few words, said that she
indorsed everything the last speaker had
said except upon one point.
"It is our duty not to talk politics alone,
but to show our gratitude to the Repub
lican party." Mr. Kyle here explained
that for the moment he had forgotten that
he was addressing a Republican club and
his explanation was smilingly accepted.
Several other speakers spoke indorsing
suffrage, among them being S. C. T. Curey
and J. Beach.
Tomato plants have been grafted on
potato plants, giving a crop of tomatoes
above the ground and of potatoes below.
Potatoes grafted on tomatoes have pro
duced flowers and apples and a few tnhers.
NEW TO-DAT. y
NEVER TOOTSTE
Premature Old Age Made
Impossible.
A Life-Time Habit Easily Broken— lt'a
Eagj If You Only Take the
Right Road.
|
[From the Prut, Everett, Pa.]
_^ <• t** i J| Annmbe-ofour
fffffr « U great and most in-
&JLJLJI I ' is veterate tobacco
5? ■ =^j tre smokers end chew-
(l , , [T ers have quit the
j] <G J\ use of the filthy I
_J» \isl A weed. The reform |
ig&r V 1 I .-i was started by
J3^a_JWsf SJ->W Aaron Gorbor.whn j
,_3 C*""- —^y\£*f\ was a confirmed
•«^y_<il 1: slave for many
■'lij.jii^'j J| H years to the use of
&"<* --^&L ii tobacco. Ho tried
WzsLggf nest m the use of No-To-
*i TWrf-T^ty Wl* Bae> and to his
jn(P~ mi i great surprise and
JRF^jFy* ■*- delight it cured
'^P^-T — -=i> i Hon. C. W. Ash- I
9^r com, who had been
fa/ smoking for sixty
Tw years, tried No-To-
\l Bac, and it cured
X:\:H'. him.
Col. Samuel Stoutener, -who would eat up to-
bacco like a cow eats hay, tried this wonderful
remedy, and even Samuel, after all his years of
slavery, lost the desire.
J. C. Cobler, Lessing Evans, Frank Dell, Geo.
B. May, C. O. Skillington, Hansou Robinett,
rank Hershberger, John Shinn ana others
have since tried No-To-Bac, aud in every case
they report, not only a cure of the tobacco
habit, but a wonderful improvement in their
general physical and mental condition, all of
which goes to show that the use of tobacco had
been injurious to them in more ways than one.
All of the above gentlemen are so well
pleased with the results that we do not hesi-
tate to join them in recommending it to suffer-
ing humani.y, as we have thoroughly investi-
gated and are satisfied that No-To-Bac does the
work well and is a boon to mankind.
The cost is trifling, and three boxes are guar-
anteed to cure any case, or money refunded.
>o-i<>-Bac can be^euureu at any drngstoru.
Get the famous booklet "Don't Tobacco Spit and
Smoke Your Ufa Away." Written guarantee
and freesftmrle mailed for the asking. Address
The Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York.
llS#^ MANHOOD BEST9REDS™
■T7 t?X eRSI 23? fit * lon OI a i* mous Freuch physician, will quickly euro you of all ntr-
■ Vv\ IrK) \<? vi ' voos or dlsriwes of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood
m^\ £aJ \$ «~fl_) Insom!.la,l'alnsintheßju;k,^mlnal£mi M i 0 n ,N>rvou3DebKty
H V £^L A <if dimples, Untltness Marry, Eshaustin* Drains. Varicooele kn<l
83 V^P V. -7 Constipation. It stop* all losses by day or night Prevents onlrfe. '
C 1 X» • \s^i/ ness of discharge, which If not checked loads to Spermatorrhoea and
9 BEFORE i«n AFTER all t!ie horrors o( Impotencr. CPPIDKMK rlemts Uie liver, the
■ DLrutlt ANDMNLH tidneygand the urinary oreansof _U impurities.
— CITPIDEHfE strengthens and restores email weak organs.
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Piwtatl 1 1«. COPI DENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
als. A written jrnanuitee given and money retcnieU if six boxes does not effect a permanent cnr_
fLOO p. box,sixf'>r*.\oo. by mail. Send for fuee circular and testimonials. TVT
Address DATUL MEDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
BROOKS' PHAK 3iAUY, 119 Powell straa-
....
- : - -.
I
MAKE
MAN
SAID
THE GREAT
And this is just so. If man be weak and
puerile, if man lacks strength and am-
bition, if man is melancholy and blue. If
you don't feel like your old self, you. need
the great
7
And the old doctors of the Hudson Medi-
cal Institute will give you Hudyan if you
write or call for it.
HUDYAN
BOOK
* FREE.
HtDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
A PAIN
* IN YOUR
OWN LIVER
May mean that you are suffering from a
liver trouble, or it may mean something
else. You can tell all about the liver if
you want to call or write for the old
doctors.
LIVER
BOOK
FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Sore Throat,
Ulcers, *
Pimples,
Copper Color Spots
And many other symptoms of a very bad
blood, go to show you the need of a
knowledge of your true troubles.
BLOOD
BOOK
IS FREE.
Blood Book tells of the blood. "Write or
call for
• BLOOD :
BOOK.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.
i
Quickl7, Thoroughly,
Jy" t^3 -PoreTer Cared.
ff JiV4"^V \k Four out of five who
B \ nervousness,
® Quickly, Thoroughly,
Forever Cared.
Four out of five who
suffer nervousness,
mental worry, attacks
11 y-Z^U* lof "the blues," are but
\ iin^^i S paying the penalty of
\wJlik^«* mfißj%Jf early excesses. Vic-
tims, reclaim your
, ' manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation nr.d proofs. Mail ed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDIOfIL CO., Buffalo, H.Y.
vKßXQttin m
_lf_fe__S_S_%K.
IS THE VERY BKST O.VE TO EXAMINE]
X your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and Ey»-
glesses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo>
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
: Office Hours— l 2 to 4P. it. ■;- :r ! --;\-
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE VI J
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St.
; OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
. P» ll ■ ■■■-■ii. -I 'ii^jw^. -_, ,t— rr_
rSTjlwr Vfjll *> or e Taroat. I'lmpliM, Copper- 3*
_WiA7- IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Uorea, a
KSllileera in Mouth, Uair-l'alllngt AVrito COOK 21
DRI'MKDI CO., 307 Masonic TtmiilcH
BJCliicat^, 111., for proofs o£ cures. Capt- Q
Htui. S^OO.OOO. -Worst cases cured In 16H
jpj^to 85 day. IQO-poge boo— *^ *._,,-| 9
js*_^sJ2" _-_g*»t M r '^ "ia » nnn-poifonnni
"* MMBN**^^lh*M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
''"'•^l Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
J^Cy^inl *° 5 Jsyf.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
BSmf (ImnnutJ V charged, or any inllaniina-
K«S»g rot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P"~^Prtrenu contagion. tion of mucouc mem-
fo^VHEEvANSCHEUiniCo. tranea - Non-astringent.
%?<Ar!Nri(j»nTi n MS Sold by OrnKcinta.
i 8 i _T»r S^ nt iD Plain wrapper,
_V_M_w __Ri by express, prepaid, fur
i VV^fa^V>| *1.00. or ■"■ bottlea, C 2.7%
»^BgSBni>' "■ Circular gen! or. - nost.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence lOil)
Fell su Telephone.- "Pina" 2591.
COSMOFOIiITAKT,
I Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., yaa
: 1 rancisco, Cal tie most select family hotel la
1 the city. Board an room, $1, 91 25 and $1 5U pee
' day according to room. - Meals »5c llcoms, &U(1
' »nd'7so a day. ire* coach to and from the hot*!.
I .Look for the coacu bean nz the name of i lie Co*- .
; mopQlltan Hotel. WM. FAU_Y, Proprietor.BOTCHERS' DAY
A GREAT SUCCESS
Fully Thirty Thousand Peo
ple Celebrate It Over
the Bay.
STREET PARADE IN TOWN
Picturesque Display of White
Uniformed Butchers and
Vaqueros.
SCENES AT THE TWO PAEKS.
A Flood of Humanity Overflows Shell
Mound and Oakland Trotting
Parks.
The greatest day of all the year in cele
brations in and out of town was yesterday.
It was Butcher- day — the third annual
celebration of the Butchers' Board of
Trade of San Francisco. And its over
shadowing greatness, when compared
with the first and second celebrations of
ibis board, was such that if the day con
tinues to grow in popularity a few years
more may Bee San Francisco practically
deserted when her wholesale and retail
butchers observe their yearly festivities.
The fitted calf and the Big, rounded ox,
with the sheep fresh from pasture, rested
in peace out in the Potrero. Markets and
stalls all over town were deserted and
closed tisrhtly. The tame steers— pets of
the vaqueros and slaughterers— instead of
luring unsophistocated cattle to their doom
at South San Francisco, familiarly known
as "Butchertown," were led with lariats
and garlands through the City's streets.
Lassos were cast upon the Oakland trot
ting park to catch flying horses and
vaqueros. Rivalry was tor fun and prizes
and honors, either at the track or in Shell
Wound Park.
The wholesale butcher who owns thou
sands of fair acres in the interior valleys
und many thousands of sheep and cattle
roaming over those principalities, greetvd
the retailer and the vaquero or journey
man butcher alike. He took an interest
in the parade, in the sports and in the
varied amusements, San Jose and Oak
land joined hands with Sail Francisco, and
ail seemed imbued with the one spirit
that Butchers' day was a great day and it
should be celebrated as best they could.
The youug man in white blouse and apron i
with his monogram in red X tters and his j
Bociety badge met his friend, the house
keeper, and her friends. There was no
block between tliem. Any one could see !
that he was the host on this particular oc- j
casion. And as for his own girl in par- j
ticular— she was there in her holiday out- !
of-town summery dress, the queen of the <
carnival.
Is is needless to say here there were
n:any queens.
Bateheer day was great in many ways.
For in the numbers of people who par- '
ticipated and in every other feature it was '
of such a magnificent character that other j
days would have to produce very strong j
evidence to sustain a claim of their j
equality.
Careful estimates based on tickets, seat
ing capacities, railroad ficures and com- i
parisons placed the total number of peo
ple at Shell Mound and the trotting park
at 30,000, if not indeed a far higher figure.
Possibly the number was larger. Mr.
Schweitzer, one of the leading wholesale
butchers, stated that as many as 41,000
tickets had been sold. The railroad peo
ple reported that at 11 o'clock in the morn
ing they had sold 20,000 tickets specially
printed for the butchers, and then had to
fail back on the regular tickets to Shell
Mound. Until 3p. m. every boat was met
at the Oakland mole by a special train, and
went away crowded. One solid stream of
people pressed through the gates at park
and track all day long. It was a matter
for doubt if such a tremendous crowd ever
before visited Shell Mound.
Then the butchers left San Francisco in
a parade that wa3 one of tne most unique
features of street pageantry seen here in
years. Its more interesting character was
the united front it presented. A great in
dustry united without rorgard to the
■unmeaning distinctions between employer
and employe. In that parade were mill
ionaires almost beside the daring, devil
may-care vaquero and the industrious,
sleek-looking journeyman with the white
uniform. There were more than 2000 of
them in all.
Across the bay, when the crowds had
assembled and fitted into every Beat and
likely nook, full of pleasurable anticipa
tions, the sight in both parks was really
imposing. The population of quite a re
spectable city in itself gathered to cele
brate and enjoy themselves.
Here was evidence of the extraordinary
success of Butchers' day, the result of
intelligent organization and the popular
suppoi t enjoyed by the butchers. In Shell
Mound Park dancing was enjoyed in the
pavilion, while diversion was found by
persons of tasle fjr other amusement in
the races and sports or in resting under
the spreading trees. The shade was wholly
grateful until evening came, and to
101 l and stretch in it was a benediction for
many City folk. Over at the trotting park,
just across the railway tracks, horse-rac- |
ing, bicyde-racinc, vaquero riding, etc., j
took place in the presence of a vast throng, 1
and despite the dust and delays these
eports proved to be all the people expected.
Butchers' day had nothing to mar its
harmonious and anreenble observation; bo
it was a complete success.
BUTCHERS ON PARADE.
Characteristic Stre9t Pageant, in
Which the Trade Par
ticipated.
Eariy in the morning members of the
Butchers' Board of Trade of San Francisco
and Alame a counties assembled opposite
Alcazar buildinc on O'Furrell street. They
were joined by the delegation from San
Jose. An hour later all were in Jiiie and
ready for the start to the scene of the day's
festivities. When the order to march was
>:iven there were about 2500 men present
to take their places.
The procession formed on O'Farrell
street and proceeded webt-.vard to Powell,
then down Powell to Market and along the
main thoroughfare. It turned into
Kearny, then marched to California street
and down to the ferries denot.
Henry Miller came in from Gilroy to
act as grand marshal. He presented a
tins appearance. His silver-mounted sad
Some of the Amusing Incidents That Added to the Long Round of Pleasure at the Butchers' Day Picnic in Shell Mound Park, and Some
of the Men Who Made the Celebration a Grand Success.
[Slrtched by a "Call" artist.)
die and bridle were entwined with ever
greens and roses, and his favorite riding
horse, shipped from Gilroy for the occa
sion, as if knowing the position of his dis
tinguished burden, held his head high in
the air. On either side of Mr. Miller were
his aids.
A platoon of police headed the long pro
cession and behind them was Cas^:i?a's
band, followed by Grand Marshal Miller,
Chief of Staff Henry Moffat, A?«:<;.i •;-■
James Hall, T. F. Judge, P. Tautphaus,
George Katz, S. P. Hicks, A. H. Broil,
Leon D. Stone, J. Schrader. A. P. Wagner;
Chief Aid Amand Decourtieux Jr. and his
assistants, F. F. Winters, A. P. Wagner,
H. C. Flaiigeollet, George Johnson, \\ . H.
Moffat, Edward Taaffe, diaries Robinson,
Fred Becker, E. P. Clavburg, John S. Ott,
John De^ehler, Sam Meyer, Fred Meyer
and <;. DeLucca.
Immediately after these gentlem*n the
wholesale butchers followed in carriages
with the officers of their board of trade.
Their carriages were decorated with
draperies, garlundsof flowers and festoons,
one of them in red roses and cAlla lilies.
In the first division, F. C. Winters was
marshal, with George Johnson and W. 11.
Moffat as his ai-is. Vaqueros c!ad as cow
boys, with their picturesque saddles,
lariats and gay colors, rode in this part of
the parade. They swung their lariats and
appeared to be at home in the saddle,
which was not wholly the case, as was
noted later in the day at the park. Some
of them had the thones made fast to the
horns of niceiy-groomed steers, which, by
the way, evinced no disposition to rrbel
against bein;; led around by the nose, but
submitted to their leaders as if aware
that all roads do not lead to the slaughter
house and that even a poor beef is some
times allowed to enter by the narrow gate
to the heaven of a picnic grounds.
The fact of the matter is these came
oxen have been trained by the patient
cowboys and ars now docile, domestic
creatures that have no compunction in
leading their species intelligently from
corrals to slaughter houses in the Potrero.
There was a long line of journeymen
butchers in the first division. They wore
their distinctive dres9 with badges and
flowers, and made an altogether effective
showing.
Fred Becker as marshal and Frank
Hayes, P. Lousalot, Frank Fenner and
Charles Miller as his aids, led the second
division, which resembled the first very
closely. It had a fine military baud to
furnish music for those in line.
San Jose had a splendid delegation of it 3
United Butci.ers organization in line, the
men wearing white shirts, caps and aprons
and purple badges. In the column, too,
was a strong body of the Jouneymen
Butchers of Oakland, likewise clad in
white, a number of the men carrying
Japanese parasols.
The Oaklantfers had their own band and
received applause all along the line of
march. They went even a little further
than tDeir neighbors and so made a really
pretty display.
The third division was marshaled by 8.
Meyer, assisted by R. C. Kelly and F.
Meyer. The fourth section had J. Living
ston for marshal and Charles Robinson
and L. Clayburg as aids. Each had its
band and large detachments of journey
men butchera and picturesque vaqueros.
When they reached the ferry there was
a prodigious crush, and more than belf
the crowd was compelled to wait for a s-eo
ond boat to carry them over the b&v. Ev
ery boat thereafter, until late in the after
noon, was crowded almost uncomfortably,
and the railway men were put upon their
mettle to accommodate the flood of hu
manity that poured in upon them.
• <•
RIOT OF FUN AND FROLIC.
How the Festive Butchers and
Their Friends Enjoyed
Themselves.
Over at. Shell Mound it was a veritable
riot of fun and frolic— a summer carnival
— with everybody out for a holiday and
full of the spirit that makes life worth
living. The men who had made arrange
ineir.s for the comfort and enjoyment of
the people overlooke 1 nothing. Rather
they succeeded in giving programmes the
like of which could hardly be duplicated
by any other society. Possibly there was
one mistake. The committees who
planned Butchers' day Duildcd better than
they knew. So it was no wonder that,
although accommodations had been pro
vided for 25,000 people, both Shell Mound
Park and the Oakland Trotting Park were
deluged by the crowds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
I In the trotting park this was painfully
i apparent after the immune new grand
stand, with its thousands of seats, was
thronged and the ring pecked to the
fences; for at that particular time, with a
throng pre?^ing through the gates, the
crowd suddenly overflowed the track, paii
uock und every other open adjacent space.
To be sure, there were policemen there — a
l whole company of them — and mounted
marshals as well, but they were borne on
ward with the flood, powerless to stay its
progress.
As soon as the people distributed them
selves and could breathe freely, the sports
began in rieht earnest. There were trot
ting and running races, bicycle races,
vnqueros' races and trick-riding exhibi
tions. The' trotting and running races
! were piven under tne National trotting
rules, ar.d the bicycle contests under
sanction of the L. A. W. racing board and
i 1,. A. W. rules. The rices for butchers or
I butchers' sons were open only to those
connected with the Butchers' Board of
i Trade.
E. Smith, J. Scbrader and W. Owens
gave eminent satisfaction as judges.
Jesse S. Potter, A. J. Ellis and S. Nut
ting were timers.
Amand Decourtleux Jr. was starter.
George D. llarris was referee of the bi
cycle races.
The first event was a pacing race, mile
and repeat, with owners driving. There
j were three prizes of $50, $25 and $10. The
entries were M. .Schweitzer's Aleck, R.
i Consani's John, W. H. Noy's Dollic V. B.
I L. Fisher's Black Bart, C. Vocke'a Wing
; Wing and I. Fos' Dellworking. Aleck
; won easily in both heats, and took iirst
! money. John was third in the first heat
and second in the second one, and took
the $25 prize. Wing Wiiig took Becond
1 and third place in the respective heats.
\ Time was 2:30 and 2:22.
A special bicycle race of one mile for a
! $20 trophy was contested by Walter Mc
j Menomy and Frank Rodolph, and the
I latter won in a spurt at the finish. Time,
j 2:36.
The trotting race and repeat gave con
siderable sport. T. Judce had Cap Harris
in; I. Fos, Polo; R. H. Noy, Bill Nye;
j J. Hall, Silver Button, and U. M. Slater,
I Doc. Can Harris was first in the first
j heat (time 2:41), Silver Button a close
second and Bill Nye third. In the second
heat Silver Button won easily in 2:41-^,
Polo got second place and Bill Nye third.
The third heat was won by Silver Bow in
2:40. Polo came in second and Cap Harris
third.
The fourth event was a mile running
race for money prizes. The entries were:
E. Esmond, Conneck; G. Bunker, Rocket;
J. Roche, liiver; Mr. Newman, Comic,
and G. W. Combs, Fl-Fi. This was an ex
j citing race, with the horses in a bunch till
I the home stretch was reached, when Pi-Pi
broke away and passed the wire in 1:47 W,
with Conneck second and Itiver third.
A mile bicycle race, open to all butcher
boys or butchers' sons, 17 years of age or
under, was won by H. Buttgenbach in
2:55. There were five starters. Roy
Whitney was second and J. Hoffman third.
Tom Bech of San Pablo avenue and
Fifteenth, Oakland, waß coming in third
when a wheelman crossing tiie track
struck him and gave him a bad shake up.
The vaqucrus' half-mile race was a wild,
invigorating dash that added spice to the
sports. All these entries were employes of
the Butchers' Board of Trade, and they
had to use Mexican saddle?. They were:
W. Jlarney, Wick; Ramon Rana, J*u!i a P;
W. ffmitb, Butch; Robert Steams, Keno;
James Roche. Rover; M. Donovan, Exam
iner. The prizes were $25, $10 and $5.
Wick won, amid great excitement, in 541,^
secouds, Butch was second and Examiner
third.
Seven sons of members of thn butchers'
board entered in the next event — a mile
bicycle handicap. Frank Rodolf won in
2:3l>i, with Walter McMenomy a very
close second and Roy Whitney third.
The trick riding exhibition in which
riders picked up handkerchiefs from the
ground while at full gallop, threw them
selves from tiie saddles, etc., and caught
one another's horses with lariats was won
by W. Smith. Tiie second prize was taken
: >y Frank BojM. The other riders who ex
hibited skill and courage were R. Young,
Charles Wilson and R. L. Stewart. En
tries were confino! to board employes.
An interesting event was the time race
in which ;he horse passing the wire near
est to three minutes was winner. Drivers
were not allowed to carry timepieces.
There were three prizes— $40, $25 and
$10. The entries were: C. Johnson, Dandy;
F. Uri <fc Co., Kitty; B. Horn, Kittie
Brown; A. Decourtieux, Manzanita; A.
P. Wagner, Queen Beys. Dandy came in,
time 3:03.£. Mnnznnita was second, in
3:04 1-6, and Queen Bess third in 3:09.
The butchers' delivery cart race included
horses used in .leliverin^ meats, and not
bogey horses. They btrotched along the
track in procession until near the home
stretch, when they bunched and changed
positions. R. H. Noy came in first with
Kate Castleton, E. Easton second with
Jack and L. Burglin tnird with Dollie.
E. A. Young with Maud was a slow fourth.
A quarter-mile dash for vaqueros closed
the races: The entries were: Ramon
Rana, Julia P; Jolin Barker, Blue Cloud;
W. Harney, Comanche: James Brislan,
Red Cloud; E. ODea, Button; M. Dona
van, Examiner. Button won, Examiner
was second and Comanche third. This
race was run for three prizes in 25 seconds.
It was late in the evening when the last
race was run and immediately thereafter
the crowds scattered, many going back to
Shell Mound Park while others returned
to t ieir homes.
The committees of management were as
follows:
Samuel C. nammond, president Butchers'
Board of Trade and chairman celebration com
mittee.
Invitation and reception— Captain John 11.
MeMenomy (chairman), Henry Levy, Henry
Mollat. P. W. Wutne. James Hall, K. Haas,
Fred Becker, K. Wcrtheimcr, T. F. Judge,
Henry Westphal.
■ Programme at racetrack —A. Dccourtieux
(chairman), Isaac Poly, U. M. Slater, Leon I).
Stone, John JUcoste, K. G. Rodolpb, Thomas
Harriott.
Gomes at Shell Mound— J. H. Goldmeyer
(chairman), A. Brady, 11. Meyn, Edward Taaffe,
F. E. Paverkosen.
Printing and badges— X. Wortheimer (chair
man), George Katz, Henry Levy.
Finance— S. Silverberg (chairman), P. Taut
phus, B. Schweitzer.
Grounds— Joseph Buttgenbach (chairman),
Isaac Lachcr, leadorc Sclig.
Transportation— Captain H. A. Thompson
(chairman), Henry Moffnt, T. F. Judge.
Music— H. C. Flageollet (chairman), Fred
Winters, Fred Becker. ;, ■■
SPORTS AT SHELL MOUND.
Track Event In Which Much In-
terest Was Mani
fested.
The numerous cash prizes offered by the
Butchers' Board of Trade, principally for
members of the association, proved one of
the attractive features of the picnic.
To such an extent were entries made
for the various competitions that I. H.
Goldmeyer, who acted aa chairman of the
committee, and E. J. Taaffe and Henry
Meyn had their hands full daring the
earlier portion of the forenoon in deciding
to whom the prizes should be awarded.
The events were decided as follows:
Running race for member*, won by Fred"W.
Held.
Running race for men, free for all, won by
Frame V. Crcede.
Two prizes for cashboys in the employ of
members— First prize won by Thomas Byrne,
second prize won by John McDonald.
Two prizes running race, four laps, free for
all— First prize won by C. Burke, second prize
by T. Henderson.
Run n ing race for journeymen butchers, won
by H. Andified.
Two prizes, climbiug the greased pole— First
prize won by James Mahoney, second prize
won by A. Costello.
Running race lor fat men, iree for all, won
by E. Prendeville.
Running race for fat women, won by Mrs.
Byrne.
Running race for girls under 18 years of age,
won by Louise Stone.
Two prizes, running race for women, Irre
spective of age or weight— First prize won by
Mrs. Coveney; second prize, Mrs. J, A. Vancy.
Hop, skip ana jump, free for all, won by J.
Phillips.
Two prizes, running race for boys between
the age« of eight and twelve years— First prize
won by J. Lennehan, second prize won by
Harry Collins.
Two prizes, running race for boys over eight
and under twelve years of — First prize won
by Thomas Murphy., second prize won by
Tiiotnjts Jontjs.
Rnnnine race for girls under thirteen years
of age, mam by Eveline Mohr.
SELL BROWN'S CHURCH.
Friends and Foes of the Scheme
Before Judge
Slack.
There Will be a Big Contest When
It Onies Up Again for
Hearing.
Those who want to sell the First Con
gregational Church property gathered in
force before Judge Slack yesterday, and
in equal numbers gathered those who ob
ject to any sucti proceeding.
Deacon L H. Morse and his attorney,
Charles S. Eells, were the spokesmen for
those who wanted to sell, and George M.
Si>encer appeared for those who didn't.
Dr. Brown was there, and Mr. Clement
and Merrill and Whittier and Judge Ad
vocate Wood hams, »n<i Deacons Hatch
and Bernard and Coleman. There were
others, too, and throu-h it all the fact
could be plainly seen that Dr. Brown's
merits wanted to sell and Dr. Brown's
enemies wanted to hod.
Eells made his application, but George
Spencer followed fnst on his words with a
demand for time, as he wished to make a
contest, and it would take time to file such
a contest as he would like to make. Ac
cordingly, the Court put the case over
until May 27.
The pale of the church will be opposed
generally on the grounds that a very large
number, if not a majority, of both the
society and the church, as well as pew
owners, believe that the church at the
present time is in as eligible a position as
it could be for the next ten years.
The opposition will contend that there
is no justifiable reason for the action of
those who have applied to the court for
an order to sell the church property.
The proposition to tell the church is not
new. It has been talked of spasmodically
for the past few years. The Brown trouble
has precipitated matters a little, but it is
contended that it should not have any in
fluence in that direction.
Another important point that should
not bo lost sight of is that the property
every year is increasing in value, and ten
years from now it will bring considerably
more money than if sold at present. The
opposition also hint that there is a "nigger
in the fence" in the desire of those favor
able to selling the property which will
probably be developed later.
ATTACKED BY FOOTPADS.
Tli rilling: Experience of Walter J. Mead,
a Telegraph Operator.
Walter J. Mead, a telegraph operator,
while on his way home eariy yesterday
morning was accosted by a young man at
Seventh and Market streets. They walked
along together for about half a block when
the stranger pulled out a knife and
ordered Mead to deliver up his coin.
Mead grappled with him, and in the
stnigjle the knife fell to the ground. A
desperate tight then ensued for possession
of tiie knife. Mead had overpowered his
opponent when a confederate of the latter
appeared and kicked him on the head,
stunning him for a moment. During that
tirue the robber and his friend disap
peared.
Looking Into Favor's Cast).
The United States Grand Jury held a brief
session yeFterdny afternoon, the charges
against Charles S. Favor being the only mat
ter considered. It is expected that an indict
ment will either be returned to-day or the
prisoner ordered released. Favor is accused
of Impersonating a Federal officer and extor
tion. He is confined in the County Jail, and is
only allowed to see visitors on an order signed
by the District Attorney.
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. :l^3
MIDWIEK BARGIINSI
Our GREAT CUT PRICE SALE to force out our IMMENSE
OVERSTOCK continues with the following
STROM} LEADERS FOR TO-DAY'S TRADE!
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
(SrjI&ECTIiTT lIWXI :i '3E23=L3P I JaOT.)
-<^-t 5 Centra ]3ncli.
1000 dozen LA.DIES' WHITE' HEMSTITCHED EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with Valenciennes I.ace Insertion (slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20
to $1 75 a dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
-&~t 1O Cents Bach..
50/) dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $2 40 a dozen, will be offered at
10c each.
-<a-t 12^ Cents Hacli.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $3 a dozen, will be offered at 12V<c
each.
-^-t 13 Coxita Elacli.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPP.D EMBROIDERED SHEER L.AWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $3 50 a dozen, will be offered at
15c each.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR I WAISTS!
-A.t 33 Coxxta.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, heavy muslin, finished with tucks and embroidery,
will be ciosed out at 35c.
-cV.t SI.OO.
LADIES SHIRT WAISTS, of fancy stripes and checks, detachable collars in all
fancy colors, regular price ?l 50, will be offered at $1. '
LADIES' KID GLOVES I
-A-t 73 Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (with black embroidered backs), in butter cre»m
and white, regular value for $1 2"), will be offered at 75c a pair.
-A.t 8O Oolites.
1800 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES (large buttons), in red, tan, brown and
navy, also black, regular value $1 25, will be offered at 80c a pair.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
-A-t 7S Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin (lined), value $1 25, will be offered at 75c each.
uf\.t &ZL.OO.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Sarah Silk, with ruffles, value $1 50, will be offered at SI
each.
jQL.t 61. SO.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain Silk, with one and two ruffles, value $2, will
be offered at $1 50 each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
-£Lt 12 Cents a, Pair.
30 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes,
broken sizes, worth 2.3 c, will be closed out at 12>^c a pair.
-Sk.t XO Cents Enoli.
50 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, low neck and
sleeveless, fancy trimmed neck and armlets, regular price 25c, will be closed out
at 10c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
-A.t 5 Cents.
100 dozen FANCY COLORED BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
warranted fast colors, will be offered at 5c each; regular price 10c.
-£Lt 15 Cents.
150 dozen LATEST STYLE ALL-SILK TECKS AND FOUR-IN-HANDS, neat pat-
terns, will be offered at 15c each ; regular price 25c and 35c.
A.t. 35 Cents.
50 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' OVERSHIRTS, in Cheviot, Black Sateen and Black
Stripe Sateen, will be offered at 35c each; regularly sold at 50c.
/ffl/gf**^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ MarM Street corner of Jsibs, /
"Big as a Barn Door."
For JO cents you get almost twice
as much "Battle Ax" as you do of
other high grade goods* Before the
days of "Battle Ax" consumers paid
10 cents for a small plug of the same
quality* Now, "Battle Ax"— High-
est Grade, twice the quantity* That's
true economy*
910
THE WILY METHOD OF AN ACCOMPLISHED MURDERER.
How Blanther Thought Out His Crime and
Planned Escape.
MADE USE OF FRIENDS
TO ASSIST HIM.
Did Not Speak of the Existence
of Mrs. Langfeldt to Any
of Them,
BUT PLAYED UPON HIS FRIEND-
SHIP FOR MRS. MARKS.
The Identity of the Murderer Is
Absolutely Fixed by Daniel Eisner,
Who Knew Him in Austria.
The statement of George Dodge made j
public by The Call of yesterday morning,
that on the morning of the murder J. E.
Blanther brought to him some diamonds
and that he himself pledged them and
turned over to Blanther the money, created
a profound sensation. It not only re
moved all doubt as to the guilt of Blanther,
but it presented a picture in detail of the
working of the murderer's mind for days
before he struck the blow.
There was the man driven to exlreme
ties by poverty. He had known Mrs. j
I>angfeldt for some six weeks; had called
upon her with a letter of introduction at
that time. She had received him well,
but he was not impressed. He had not
run out of the funds he had brought with j
h:m from the East. He disappeared sud
denly, giving no notice to his friends. He
went to Portland and returned two weeks |
ago — a gentleman without money.
He sent a note to Mrs. Langfeldt asking
if he might call. She replied with an in- i
vitation. He called, and called again, and j
called again. His circumstances grew j
worse daily. He wrote, but could not sell
the product. He pawned his clothes and
spent the money. His landlady was press
mc him for the rent.
Night after night as he played cards
With her and drank her beer old Mrs.
Langfeldt was flashing her diamonds in
the eyes of the disappointed and desperate
man — unwittingly inviting her doom.
The idea of murder and suicide had j
grown familiar to his mind. It was a j
oommon theme with him. He had wearied
hi* intimates with talk of suicide.
He was even then writing a tale of mur
der—"Why 1 Murdered My Wife"— that
he hoped to publish. The thought of kill
ing this old woman and relieving his own
distress with those diamonds laid hold I
upon him. He became fascinated with it j
as lack of money made him hungry and I
threatened to make him homeless. He j
could not keep away from the house.
He called upon the woman every even
ing and often through the day. He made
up his mind to do the thing. That de
termined, he straightway began to formu
late plans for realizing on the diamonds
and for esca|»e before it might be dis
covered.
His friend Dodge believed in him and
had served him in many ways. He would
employ him in this.
Voluble to a degree, he had yet never
spoken of his intimacy with this old
woman. He was not proud of it. It was
not a conquest that a young nobleman •
and professional lady's man might \
boast of.
In this silence lies the evidence that i
from the very first there must have been j
dark thoughts in the young man's mind j
with regard to this pliable old woman,
with her fingers full of diamonds.
And with this evidence comes the sug- \
gestion that a man who could so easily j
turn to thoughts of murder, who could
plan with such elaboration of detail, ex
ecute with such dexterity and with the j
bloody thing done face his friends and go
through the routine of the aftermath in
Fuch matter-of-fact fashion, surely murd
er to him could not be a thing of such j
moment as it is to those others of us who i
have not yet killed their man. The thought !
arises easily that the author of this dex
terous crime must have done some such j
thing before.
He had boasted by the hour, however,
of the beautiful Mrs. Genevieve Marks.
Mrs. Marks is a young woman of 25 or
thereabouts; a brunette, petite and at
tractive. He had been much in her com
pany and had talked of her continually
to his intimat?s. He would now turn ail j
this "to account — he would employ her
name with Dodge under which to pledge
the diamonds.
Dodge falls into this plan easily. He
will transact the business UDon.a warrant
from the lady herself. That was easily
done. Blanther writes the warrant in her
name. Dodge says it is sufficient, and all |
is ready. For four days then the young I
man looks his crime in the eyes, with- }
holding his stroke.
Night after ni-ht he visits the old j
woman, probably with his weapon in his !
pocket, plays cards with her, jests and
laughs and drinks her beer and estimates i
the value of her rings. Every morning he
tells Dodge that "to-morrow 1 will bring
those diamonds."
On Friday evening he did it. He had
taken a French dinner with Dodge, and
when be left him, perhaps nerved with his |
bottle of claret, he had said again: "I will ',
see you at ft o'clock in the morning; I am
going to San .fose with Mrs. Marks; I will
bring you those diamond?."
With that he went straight to Mrs.
Langfeldt's room. At 10 o'clock he heard I
Dr. Kleineberg in the hall and knew that j
he bad turned out the gas and retired. |
He waited half an hour longer. The cards
had been put away ; it was about his hour
to leave. The time had come. He stepped
behind the feeble old woman, placed his
left band unon her mouth, drew back her
head and with his right band drew his
razor-blade across her throat.
She sprang up. took a step forward and
he could not prevent the heavy fall of her
body that caused the man in the room
overhead to look up from his book with a j
quick heartbeat.
The murderer had placed ;his left hand j
too low and had cut it, and when he turned I
to throw the bolts on both doors he left
the marks of his bloody lingers there.
He did not touch the body again except
to strip the rings from the fingers. He
washed his hands in the basin, wiped
them on the towel, but could not stop the I
bleeding fingers.
He had engaged to meet Dodge at 9
o'clock in the morning and have the
diamonds with him. He must prevent
the murder being discovered until after
that hour that he might transact his busi
ness with him and get away.
He would leave the bolts on the doors
as they were; he would climb out of the
bay window and into the next window, a
thing easy to do, and into the hall by that
way.
He met Dodge, told him he had the dia
monds, Dodge fulfilled his contract, took
him to notebroker Lacy and secured a
check for $97, leaving two of the stones as
collateral.
They went to the bank and got the check
cashed, and while the newspapers wore
already putting in type the story of tb%
crime, they went carelessly down to the
ferry smoking their cigars.
Yesterday Captain Lees gave on t the
formal statement of George Dodge, the
essential points of which were published
yesterday in The Call.
In an interview yesterday, Dodge told a
Call reporter that the statements made to
the effect that Blanther did not shave
himself and did not have a razor were not
true. It was his habit to shave himself
every morning. He had a white-handled
razor.
Daniel Eisner, who knew Blanther in
Austria and was present at the time he
was decorated with the Iron Crown, has set
at rest all speculation as to the identity of
the man. Eisner did not know that
Hlanther was in the City, but, looking at
his portrait, he says: "This is Blanther;
this is the man I served with in the Aus
trian army."
But Eisner left the army years before
Blanther did and is unable to explain why
a man of such promise should be an out
cast in a foreign land. "He had been sin
gled out for distinction. I thought he
was a major in the army by this time."
"There must be some reason for his be
ing here in destitute circumstances," he
said. "A man with those decorations, had
he wished to make himself known to the
proper people, would have been placed in
a way of doing well anywhere in the
world."
But Bianther is still at large. That is
the important circumstance that remains.
Sheriff Cunningham is still chasing the
man on the wheel down by Stockton and
Captain Lees' men are watching every
avenue about the bay. But this man,
with manner, bearing and general appear
ance that would mark him anywhere in a
crowd, remains at large with the whole
country looking for him. The conclusion
is that he succeeded in getting far away
before the guards were well placed.
A BRAVE SOLDIER.
How Blanther Saved a Battalion of
Soldiers During the
War.
There is such a pretty story that is so
little in keeping with the horrible light in
which Blanther has been placed through
the murder of old Mrs. Phiippina Lang
feldt. It is the story of how he earned the
decoration of the iron crown.
The Order of the Iron Cross, created by
Frederick William 111 during the French
war of 1812-13, was again established as
the Order of the Iron Crown by William I,
son of Frederick William 111, out of
respect to his father, during the Franco-
Prussian war in 1870-71.
Tnere is no man to-day, no matter in
what position he may be placed, who can
not point to that cross of the Iron Crown
with justifiable pride, if be is entitled to
wear it, for it has never been accorded any
one who did not earn it by some deed of
valor.
Daniel Eisenberg, a cadet in the Aus
trian army, who is a resident of this City,
and who knew Blanther well, years ago,
tells the story.
"Blanther,"" he stated to a Call reporter,
"was studying at one military college
while I was studying at another. We en
tered the army, but after years he went
to the frpnt much faster than I did.
Owing to some family affairs I was
obliged to quit the service in five years as
a private.
"In the course of affairs in 1877, during
the war in Herzegovina, in the Balkans,
Blanther earned the decoration of the
Iron Crown. I was a soldier fighting in one
of the battalhohs and remember the occur
■ rence well.
"We had taken a fort from the ene
j my, and while the victory was still
warm and we were not looking for further
; hostilities the enemy suddenly and un
expectedly returned.
"We were unprepared and were about to
be overpowered, as we did. not have our
guns.
••Blanther, although only a lieutenant,
was the only officer in charge of the fort,
and he knew of some Turkish-Moorish
] guns in the citadel. He was a well-poated
man, learned in the use of weapons, and
j with but a few men under his command,
but he handled th.»m with such general
ship that he protected our entire battalion
ana we were able to re-enter the fort with
out great loss of life.
"There were eighteen hours of hard
fighting with the mountain guns, that
never could have been carried on success
fully had not Blanther and dis men
; helped as out.
"That is how Joseph Blanther earned
j his decoration of the Iron Crown.
"He was decorated in Vienna upon the
J recommendation of Lieutenant - Colonel
j Ferdinand Bachner yon Egendorl.
"Ptoyal Archdufce Albrecut in person
conveyed the decoration to Blanther in
j the name of the Emperor and King, Fran
cis Josef, in 1878."
Another medal which Blanther held is
called the "War Medal." It was awarded
! to every soldier who fuught in the war of
1870-71.
Mr. Eisenberg, who gave these details,
was but a private in the Herzegovina war]
I but he, too, was decorated for acts of
I bravery on the field of battle. He was hi
one of the battalions protected by Lieuten
ant Blanther, and for particular acts of
i bravery he was decorated not only with
the "War Medal," but another silver one
as well.
Blauther was educated as a cadet at the
Wiener Neustadt near Vienna. He first
I entered the Thirty-second Infantry Retri-
I ment at Zara, Dalmatia.
A WOMAN'S FEAR.
Mrs. Marks Believes That She, In
stead of Mrs. Langfeldt, Might
Have Been Murdered.
Mr?. Marks, who, through the represen
tations and forgery of Joseph Blanther.
has been placed in an unenviable and un
called for position, is a very ill woman.
She was prostrated yesterday, but she
found strength enough to call at the office
of Captain Lees to tell her story as to her
relations with the suspected murderer
Blanther.
Mr?. Marks' condition is not altogether
due to sorrow for the notoriety she has at
tained, but is more the reaction brought
about by the thought that she, instead of
Mrs. Philippina Langfeldt, might have
been the victim of Blanther's or another's
murderous hanJ.
She, ioo, had diamonds, and many of
them. True enough, she seldom wore
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
them, but on a couple of occasions they
adorned her fingers and ears when Blan
ther was her guest.
These gems represented far more value
than did those Mrs. Langfplclt wore, and
the temptation must have been greater for
Blanther to resist.
Mrs. Marks, however, is quite a young
woman in comparison with the murdered
lady, and she did not fall an easy prey
under the blandishments of the ex-army
officer.
She received him at her rooms at 427
O'Farrel street on three or four occasions
only, and latterly she forbade him calling
again.
In explanation of this she told Captain
Lees yesterday:
"I met Mr. Blanther at the races some
five weeks ago. I went there at times and
always became interested in the horses
running.
"As one would imagine who knows any
thing about the excitement of a finish I
appealed to my neighbor on the grand
stand to tell me which horse was the win
ner. It was Mr. Blanther who answered
me. We conversed some more and by easy
stages we became acquainted.
"He appeared to be a thorough and
polished gentleman. He was interesting
"CONFESSION OF A MURDERER":
BY BLANTHER AND DODGE.
[It hna been remarked that inexperienced writer* of fiction invariably and unconsciously describe themselves and
their experience. Viewed in this ll^ht, the subjoined short "romance" by Blanthcr, the suspected murderer of Mrs.
I>angfeldt, ■written in collaboration with his friend Dodge, will have peculiar interest at this time. The theme— the cold
blooded murder of an unsuspecting woman — its flippant treatment and minute personal introspection, show the morbid
rend nf the author's mind. The main idea is not original, recalling Poe'l "The Keating Heart," and aping the grewsoma
horror of that production.]
What— what have I done? Oh, the horror of this awful deed ! Murder? Ah, yes, murder! My
wife— l have murdered my wife!
I must write this awful confession, while the heads of perspiration stand out in deathly dampness on
my brow; while my brain seethes with madness. Write! The impulse to shriek out the awful agony of
my soul is nearly too great to be controlled. * * *
Oh, how I loved her ! Ah ! See where she lies, with her beautiful face upturned, horribly distorted ;
her tongue hangs out from between swollen, foam-flecked lips ; her eyes stare— glassy, protruding, fear
ful ! See that white throat— ah, those purple marks ! Cruel, fiendish, frenzied hands have clutched that
beautiful neck and choked her sweet life out !
There was no murder in my heart when but a short half hour ago I smoothed her dark, curling
tresses, kissed her sweet lips, now so swollen, so repulsive. Dearer to me than my soul, my wife— mine
only five short blissful months— why, why did I do that awful thing!
My soul, filled with the poetry of life and love, sought expression in the tangible form which my pen
seems ever willing to portray. I bade my darling sleep. I drew my chair and table near to the sofa upon
which sue reclined, and with the warm perfume of her sweet kiss of pure and holy love upon my lips I
turned to my pleasant task to fill the sheet before me with the ardent fancies of my poet's soul.
Oh love! My dearest one, my own!
E'en though thou'rt ever near me. yet
1 am not satisfied-
I know thon lovest me, and me alone.
ft ithin my heart there cannot dwell regret,
Nor grief abide;
Yet still I yearn
Just then my wife snored ; my pen faltered. Again she snored.
Like swallows startled by a hawk my beautiful fancies scattered and were gone.
I strove to close my cars to the exasperating sound of the snores which now increased in frequency,
in volume and in diabolical variation ; I struggled to regain the divine inspiration that had so utterly de
serted me ; my impatience merged into despair. Desperately I endeavored to write the completion of my
interrupted verse.
No! Listen to them. Mocking, fiendish snores! I groaned aloud. Hell had opened to madden my
brain with the awful reverberations of the damned ! It was a saturnalia of sound. Horrible, ghoulish
forms of laughter seemed to people the room!
That was not my wife. No ! Back, back, thou cursed, damned fiend of hell that would destroy my
reason! Hal ha! ha 1 So you would drive me mad ! Would you? Mad! Ha! ha !ha !— a-a-h !
Gosh ! It was my wife. My wife ; and I have murdered her ! But how could I write poetry while she
snored?
as a conversationalist and I did not object
to his calling upon me at my home.
"He always behaved in a most proper
manner and he allowed me to gain the
impression that he was a man of means.
"After awhile his talk on theosophy and
the reincarnation of the departed began to
frighten me. He spoke of suicide as if it
were nothing but a sudden change from
this sphere to meet friends in Jupiter.
"1 did not like this and I suggested in a
mild but firm way that he cu-sist calling.
That is all I know of Mr. Blanther. His
last regular visit to me was on May 1.
I have not seen him since."
BLANTHER'S COMRADE.
He Makes an Official Statement of
His Connection With the
Case.
George Dodge, the associate of Joseph
Blanther and the man who, it has been
claimed, knew most about the Langfeldt
murder aside from the murderer himself,
on Tuesday told of his connection with the
affair, and his story was published in
yesterday's issue of this paper.
The young man was, as an innooent,
dragged into the case through his kind
feeling for a man he believed to be honor
able and well meaning but penniless.
He told how he assisted Blanther finan
cially, and how, at the last moment, he
acted as business agent in the disposing of
diamonds which it subsequently developed
had been stolen from the cold corpse of
Mrs. Philippina Langfeldt.
Since the full publication of Dodge's
statement, Captain Lees has decided to
present to the public the official one ob
tained by him from Dodge, which tells the
same story told in The Call, but .with
more detail. It is as follows:
I met Mr. Blanthcr at the residence of Mr.
Hogan, 222 llaight street, where he wrb room-
Ing and boarding at the time, about three
months ago. My acquaintance with him con
sisted of meeting and tailing with him at tne
house and meeting him downtown. He would
invite me to luucu with him and always
seemed to have lots of money and was very
generous and insisted upon paying for every
thing; nothing further though than lunches
and occasionally cigars. I became interested
in him when I learned that he was a news
paper and magazine writer, as I had some as
pirations In that line, and lie suggested several
times to take a room with him downtown, or
somewhere where it would be convenient, and
we could work together in our literary work
and that he would assist me all he could.
One day, about three weeks after I had met I
him, I went to Hogan's house and learned that
he had disappeared. I afterward learned that
he had given two checks to Miss Hogan and a
Mrs. Gilbert for $975, both of the cheeks being
bogus. His reason lor borrowing the money
was that he said he wanted to get to !>an Jose,
and that he expected money from -the East,
and that he also had several trunks with valu
able property iu4hem, which were to be deliv
ered as soou as he could pay the expressage.
I did not pay much more attention to him, ex
cept to inquire occasionally from the people
who claimed to have been taken in by him.
Mv memory as to the lime 1 firstmethim
and after he bad disappeared is not very c.. r .
tain. I met him on Montgomery street one
day, and I was surprised to see him. He said
he had been to Portland. He told me he had
had some financial trouble; that he had bor
rowed some money from theHogans; that he
did not like to go out to the house until he had
the money to pay them. He told me he had
just come out of Tebbs' office, the artist on the
Examiner, and he said he was broke and had
no money at all, so I invited him to my office
and afcenvard took him out to lunch, and left
him, and he said he would call at the office
again to see me, and he has been calling ever I
since up to last Saturday morning.
I learned from Tebbs that he had taken a
camera from him and that Tebbs had employed
one of the Morse detectives to get it back for
him. He did not get the camera back, Blan
ther stating that he always left it at different
places. I looked out for Blanther to see that
he got his dinner and tried to encourage him
as much as I could. He told me he was then I
living hi Oakland in a room and that he
needed some money to get his things over
here and get another room in the Citr, saying
he would do a great deal of work. I suggested
that he should come over and I would do all I
could to find him work; that I knew the
editors of the three daily papers, and that I
could take his work up ip them Rnd try to pet
| them to take it. Xnne of his stories were pub
lished. Two ttiat had been sent to the Argo
naut and Chronicie were sent back as una
vailable. 1 knew that his work was not the
right kind of work for the San Francisco
papers. I began to be discouraged about him
ana say he could not earn anything by news
paper work, and I was in uo position "to help
! him because I had no money. He had brought
to the office one day a set of art works in
j editions which he claimed cost him $40, but I
knew them to be worth about $1 a number
ana there were nineteen numbers.
I went to artists on The Call and Examiner
and tried to sell them, and told Tebbs that it
was a case of a starving man and if he could
buy them to do so, but none of them nad any
money. I showed them to Bugbee, my collabo
rater in the office, and he told me he would
givo Blanther $5 for them, and that he would
give them back to him at the same price, as he
did not wish to take advantage of him. The
mon«'y he obtained from the sale of these
th ings he paid for his room rent at the house 838
Geary street. With the rest of the ."£5 he bought
his meals and tobacco. He insisted upon my
taking some of the money, which I retused to
do. Hf» afterward became broke again and
brought down a standard dictionary in two
volumes that were entirely new, and he sold
them to a Mr. Lacey lor $5. He would noi
come into the place to sell it to Mr. Lacey and
asked me to do it. I insisted afterward about
his corning up, as Mr. Laeey wanted to deal
with him about them and about the necessity
j for having the money. Lacey told him he
I would give him $5 and Blanther could have
them back any time within three months for
the price of $7 50. With that money he paid
another week's board and more meals. After
that he brought down another dictionary,
which he asked me to sell for anything he
could get, as he was hungry and needed his
dinner. I took the dictionary and kept it, as I
found that no one would give him more than
25 cents for it. I gave him $1 5O and told him
I had disposed of it. He had given up writing
for the papers, as he said it was no use — that
they did not appreciate his work here.
When he found that he could not get any of
his work in the newspapers he snid he would
do something that would get himself in the
newspapers, and said he would shoot himself
or shoot somebody else, and he said he would
give me a chance to write it up in the papers.
He said, 'You wait a little and something will
happen,' and his conversation would con
tinually drift to that subject. My object in
going to his room so often was that I was
afraid he would do something desperate, as
Tebbs liHd warned me he had attempted to
shoot himself with a pistol and that Tebbs had
taken the pistol away from him. Blanther
said he had been everywhere: had been South
and in India, and told me that he had«een
service; told me he fought in the Austrian-
Turkish war; that he was either a lieutenant
or captain ; his picture was taken as lieutenant
of hussars. Stated he had been in Denver and
A Charcoal Sketch of C. C Tebbs
Drown by His Chnm and Roommate,
Henry Kasctacn. for the "Overland
Monthly." Joseph Blanthcr, the Accused
Murderer of Mrs. Langfcldt. Borrowed
Tebbs' $125 Camera and Pawned It for
S2l a Short Time Ago. The Police Have
Been in Daily Attendance on Mr. Tebbs'
Domicile and Have Not Yet Been Able
to Find Him.
came from Denver here. He receives letters
from a friend in Denver; that friend was now
in Chicago. Snid inn family were fine people
and that his father was dead. He said he was
on the engineering corps and got to writing
for some European papers, writing reports of
the operations of the civil engineer; that they
published his writings, and that led him to
W Ti tillg i tor P ft l >e rs and magazines.
Ue told me he would write to a friend in the
New York Central Railroad and have a pass
sent out here for himself, and that he would
get back to New York and take a position in
the New York Central, where he had been em
ployed as a civil engineer for eight or nine
years. He said there was a position there at
any time for him. He wanted me to go with
him, and told me he could get a pass for me if
I wanted to go , aiu i to humor him I said I
might go, although I knew he would neverget
the pass.
When I first met him Blanther would often
talk of a lady thut he had met At the racetrack,
where _ he had gone just to pass the time. He
said she was a widow and was a vry flne-look
lnKwoman; that he had met her there and she
had become attracted to him. and that the at
traction was mutual. He spoke of this lady as
Mrs. Marks, and said he visited her nearly
every evening, and he seemed very anxious to
keep from her the fact of his straitened cir
cumstances. At last, when he found that his
resources had failed him, about a week ago,
ne spoke of the possibility of getting her to
raise money enough for him to go out to the
track and play the races, claiming he was in
the way of getting sure tips, that would make
his winning a certainty. He stated to me that
in case she could not raise the money she
naa a great numberof diamonds— that she was
very anxious to win money on the races, and
| would borrow money on her diamonds if I
I could arrange to get it for her, and told me at
the time of the importance of not having her
name mentioned in the transaction of borrow
ing the money.
Being anxious to help him in any way,
and supposing the proposition was a leeiti
mate one coming from her and suggested by
her I told him that 1 could possibly raise the
I money for him through Mr. Lacey, the gentle
! man I had dealings with, and he told me he
would bring the diamonds down the next day,
whieti was about last Tuesday. He told me
he called on her every evening, and he would
come to me in the morning and tell me of the
great difficulty of his getting the diamonds.
1 did not care myself, as I did not care to enter
into any such transactions, but I had con
j sented to see this party and see what I could
j do for him. Yesterday morning he came to
j the office with two diamonds, which I took to
Mr. Lacey and showed him, and was told by
Lacey that he would give $100 for them.
Blanther was waiting outside, and he told to
take anything— if possible to get $175 for
them, if not to take $100. I tooK $100 in a
I check, which at 10 o'clock we cashed at the
! Bank of British North America.
I <lid so, and handed the money to Blanther.
I He insisted on giving me $5, in part payment
! for money loaned him and spent for him.
• From there we immediately walked to the
; ierry and took the 10:30 Doat, broad gauge,
for Oakland. I was going to Alameda. I left
! Blanther at Broadway, Oakland. He got off at
, Seventh and Broadway, telling me he was to
! meet Mrs. Marks and go with her to San Jose,
I where she was going to make arrangements to
! have her son brought, who was in poor health.
ami that she wanted Blanther to go with her.
That was the last I saw of him.
I weut to see City Attorney E. K. Taylor at
i Alamedo. where we liad lunch, and then went
i to the Encinal Yacht Club on the Emerald,
I and went to San Mateo. 1 took the 9:20 train
home from Alameda, and went to my home In
San Francisco.
How Lacy Lent the Money.
The statement of Lacy, the money-lender,
corroborates Dodge. It is is as follows :
Pan Francisco, May 20, 1896.
Captain Leer, City: To the best of my recollec
tion the particulars of my transaction with
Mr. Dodge (whom I have known several years)
are as follows : On the 14th of May Dodge called
on me and asked me whether I would lend
some money to a lady on her diamonds, and I
replied that 1 objected to such loans as being
out of my line of business. On the 15th he
| called again, and after much persuasion 1
agreed to make a loan provided that he would
bring me a letter from the person owning the
property authorizing him to make the loan.
On the l«th he came, bringing a letjter
j signed by a Mrs. Marks of I think 515 Geary
street; I made the loan, and the property is
now in your possession. Yours truly,
H. Lacy.
A Sttapect Near Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 20. — Charles
Thompkins. who cooks for H. p. Eldred's
hired men at his barns just east of the city,
reported to Sheriff Cunningham that
shortly after 10 o'clock this morning, while
on the road, he was hailed by a man riding
a wheel who looked exactly like the pub
lished pictures of Blanther. The man
asked Thompkins the way to Milton, bat
did not stop to catch the cook's answer as
he rode by. At that time he was making
for the Linden road instead of toward
Milton.
He wore a snit of bine overalls over a
black suit, which confirms the story told
yesterday by J. Rotschild. Sheriff Cun
ningham at once telephoned to Milton
and then ordered his team, driving out
along the road the man was said by
Thompkins to have taken. The Sheriff
thought that if the man was not an ex
pert rider he woula be forced to stop along
the road and he could thus overtake him
before he got far.
The man stopped at the Occidental
Hotel in this city last night. The officers
are still looking for him.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
M. and Catherine A. McCann to Edward A.
Mitchell, lot on X line of Thirty-seventh avenue,
200 N of V street, N 100 by JS 120; *10.
William find C. T. Nicol to Edward E. and Ed
ward Mitchell, same; 9 10.
k. a. Mitchell to Jennie Riohardson, lot on E
line ol Thirty-seventh avenue, 200 N of V street,
N M) by E 120; $300.
fume to James McHafHe. lot on E line of Thirty
seventh avenue, 200 N ol D street, N 60 by E 120
-*2 OIK
Catherine Mulloy to Mary French, undivided Vfc
of lots 6"9 and 691, Gift Map 2; undivided 1A of
lots 348 and 549, Holiday Mnp A; $10.
Jacob and Anna E. A. TMtar to Mary A. Bar
ber, lot on N\V Unr of Sears street, 200 NX
of Sickles avenue, NE 76 by Nff 100, block 9
West End 2; flO.
Mary A. Harbor to Susan Logins lot on NW line
of Seurs street, 200 N E of SMcKles avenue, NE 60
by NW 100, block 9. West End 2: $10.
Jacob nna LlnaHcyman to William 11. Emery, lot
ou N W lint- of Latdley street, 113 NE of Koanoke
NE 50 by NW 200; $"10.
James M. Moran to Adolnhine M. Moran, lot on
SE corner of South Broderick and Fourteenth
streets, E 73:9, s 120, W 73:10%, N 116:1, block
D, Part Hill Homestead.
lI.AMEUA CODNTY.
H. C. and Jo*ephirt« B. Capwell to J. a. Clover,
lot on S line of Helper or Twentieth street, 316 :6Va
W of Telegraph avenue, \V 8) :H by S 86, being the
E ai :8 of N Bt> feel of lot 2tt, Hogan 1 ract, Oak
land; flO.
D. F. and C. F. Sllveria to Laura L. Williams
lit on E line of Lewis street, 126 8 of Railroad av
enue, S 25 by E 12a, being lot 29 block 496, Oak
land: $1060.
Richard and Mary Langtry to Annie K. Rnro
teau. lot on E line of Linden street, 194 X of Third
N s<> by X 126. being lots 15 Hnd 16, block 480|
Adeline and Market streets Homestead, subject to
a mortgage, Oakland; 910.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles D. Cushing with H. H. Larsen, excava
tion, grading, brick work and concrete work for a
brick laundry building on N line of Washington
street, 252:6 N of i-e«venworth: J. H. Little
field, architect; $1474.
Charles S. Noyes with Marcus A Kumrnell to
■net H tive-room cottage on N line of Eighteenth
street, 175 N of Castro; Marcus & Kemmel, archi
tect; $1710.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE IMPROVEMENT
CLUBS IN LEAGUE
A Permanent Organization
Perfected Last
Night.
CONSTITUTION ADOPTED.
Officers Elected and Standing
Committees Estab
lished.
EXTENSIVE WORK OUTLINED.
A Stirring Resolution Adopted Rela
tive to Schools and Their
Facilities.
A federation of the several district im
provement clubs of the City was formed
at B'nai B'rith Hall last night.
Twenty-one of the thirty odd clubs in
existence were represented. George R.
Fletcher presided and F. Johnson filled
the office of secretary.
The reading and discussion of the con
stitution and by-laws took up an hour,
and the earnestness of the debate empha
sized the interest taken in the new move
ment. The purpose of the federation, as
set forth in the constitution, is first, the
development of the outside districts, and
second, the harmonious working of all or
ganizations looking to the general ad
vancement of the City's "residential
interests.
Standing committees, to be filled at the
next meeting, were provided for as fel
lows: Streets, parks and sewers, street
railways, law, legislation and public ac
tion, public worts and buildings, etc.
All improvement clubs must have fif
teen members to be eligible to member
ship in the federation.
The quarterly dues are $1 50 from each
club, and the dues must be paid promptly
to insure recognition of delegates from the
auxiliary clubs.
The name is the San Francisco Associa
tion of Improvement Clubs.
The meeting night is the first Wednes
day of each month.
Permanent officers were elected as fol
lows: James I). Phelan, president; George
H. Fletcher, first vice-president; A. B. Ma
trnire, second vice-president; I. Schwartz,
recording secretary; J. Maloney, corre
sponding secretary; t\ W. M." Lange,
treasurer; P. Cahill, sergeant-at-arms.
Dr. Rottanzi, A. P. Van Duzer and F.
W. McEwen were appointed a finance
committee.
The final action of the new federation
before adjourning was the adoption of the
following resolutions of J. H. Grady by
unanimous vote:
Whereas, The necessity and advantage of
the hipher education must be manifest to all
and the facilities for the same shouM be
within.the reach of the humblest in our midst;
that a high school course for his children
should be the ambition of every parent and
that love of country, patriotism and all that
goes to make up the good citizen are encour
aged and fostered by education in the higher
branches Is an undeniable truth.
Whereas, that section of this City embracing
the Eleventh Ward, comprising in area about
two-thirds of this municipality, and paying
taxes upon an assessed valuation of nearly
$100,000,000, and furnishing fully 35 per cent
of the enrolled pupils of the public schools, is
practically denied the privileges of a higher
education, by reason of the location of the
various high schools of this City, the nearest
and most convenient for girls being located on
Geary and Scott streets, tolly three miles
distant from the corner of Twenty-sixth and
Valencia street, the central point of the dis
trict.
The time consumed in travel, tho consequent
fatigue, to say nothing of the expenee in car
fare, would seem to appeal to every fair
minded citizen of the absolute necessity of a
hit;h school for this section of the City.
Unless our children are afforded a reasonable
opportunity to continue their education in the
higher departments many of them, by reason
of the existing hard times, must be debarred
the privileges extended to pupiis residing in
more favored locations.
Whereas, The Mission Hieh School Club and
the Mission Improvement L'nioa are uniting
in an appeal to the Honorable Board of Super
visors for an appropriation sufficiently large
to build and fully equip a hign school "for the
Mission ; therefore, be it
Resolved. That we, the San Francisco Asso
ciated Improvement Clubs, pledge them our
undivided support, and with them join in ask
ing that their request be granted.
ALAMEDA CITY A WINNER.
Judge Frick Dissolves the In
junction Suit This After
noon.
The Woman's Death Still Shrouded
In Mystery and Unidenti
fied.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— This morn
ing the last official act of Judge Frlck as a
bachelor was to dissolve the notorious in
junction suit against the city, so allowing
it to complete its electric-light works. A
carload of machinery, including the dy
namo, exciter and other electrical appa
ratus, arrived last night from Pittsfield,
Mass. It will be unloaded at once and set
in position by the contractors, John Mar
tin <fc Co. of San Francisco.
The City Morgue's Dead.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— The mys
tery deepens surrounding the unfortunate
woman who met her death some time near
midnight last Sunday and whose body
was discovered on the beach on Monday
water-sogged.
J. W, Johnson, the skipper of the Ann
Eliza, accompanied by his wife and step
daughter, a bricht voting lady of eighteen
summers, viewed the body this evening.
It was unknown to any of them.
No action has yet been taken to subpena
any of the Columbus' crew for the inquest
to-morrow and the question arises was
there a scow in ahead of the Ann Eliza
and Columbus that left before the Ann
iiiiza got in.
The body of the man lying at the morgue
was identified late iast night by his sister
in-law as Patrick Cahill. Mrs. Edward
Cahill lives at 3216 San Pablo avenue, Oak
land. She says he was eccentric and subject
to apoplectic seizures. He had formerly
dabbled in stocks and lost his all. Of late
years he had acted as a hotel waiter and
porter. An inquest will be held to-mor
row.
Education Board.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— Only three
members were in attendance at the Edu
cation Board's meeting last night. The su
perintendent reported that the net pro
ceeds from the late entertainment in Ar
?"jry Hall given by the High School were
v - 20 -^ Dr< Scott - the Principal, was au
thorized to expend the same in the pur
chase of suitable books for the school
library.
Attention was also drawn to the fact that
26 per cent of the children of school age do
not attend the public schools. Superinten
dent Sullivan said that the education act
of 1874, page 351, made attendance at school
between the ages of 8 and 14 compulsory
for two-thirds of each school year, and
entailed tines for non-compliance.
At the request of the Women's Relief
Society it was decided to grant a half holi
day on the afternoon of Friday, May 29.
County Superintendent Garlick reportp'l
he had set aside $6601 80 for the Alamtda
school department.
The Democrats Bestir Themselves.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, May 20.— The Demo
crats have announced that the roll will be
open from to-day till June 1 at 1319 Park
street, and that a primary will be held at
Tucker's Hall on Friday, June 5.
CRUSHED BY THE CARS.
A Child of Misfortune Killed by a
Freight Train.
OAKLAND, Cal., May iO.— Frank Coak
ley a lad 15 years of ace, was run over by
a freightcar this afternoon and died to
night at the Receiving Hospital.
The boy was crossing the foot or Chest
nut street and had waited for the San Joso
local to pass. After it had gone by Couk
iey ran around the rear of the train ana
was struck fly a single car that had been
shunted off by a yard engine. Coakley
did not see it till too late to stop, and was
caught by tlie wheels and dragged a lon^
distance. He was fearfully crushed and
never regained consciousness.
Coakley is a child of misfortune. When
he was 11 years of age he was cruelly
treated, and was cared for by Agent Theo
bald of the Humane Society. Prosecution
followed, and since then the boy has had
good treatment.
NEW TO-PAT:
WILL YOU BE
STRONG WHEN
YOU ARE OLD ?
As you would protect your
house against the wearing of
the storm so that it will be pre-
served and suitable- to shelter
you when you grow old, so you
ought to guard your physical
body against the inroads of
disease, so that it will be healthy
and well preserved when you
are an old man.
When you are young and the
! forces of nature active you can
; often smother these light pains
I and weaknesses that trouble
! you, but in doing so you have
i to call up your reserve vitality.
! That is a nail in your coffin, for
it wastes your reserve force,
which should be saved till you
grow old. It is this reserve
force which keeps up the health
in old — when they are
healthy.
Every man wastes this force
more or less. Sometimes he
| wastes all of it, and instead of
finding his weakness when he is
old it comes on him while he is
still a young man.
His life, from that time is
miserable — devoid of the power
of manhood, ruined nerve
power, and finally lost memory
and mental imbecility — he be-
comes a wreck.
This is a pitiable state of
human waste. Thousands of
young men have sown the seeds
for it by excesses and other
causes, but it can all be cured if
good judgment is used in time.
As the power lost is of the
nerves — nerve foree — it can be
replaced by Electricity, the life
of the nerves.
"I could dance with joy when
I consider that I have been
saved from the necessity of liv-
ing the rest of my life in that
miserable state," says J. A. J.
Morse, Los Gatos, Cal., after
using Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt one month.
Have you not noticed how
many people speak well of Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt? "I
have heard a great many people
recommend your Belt," says a
recent letter.
It is the' modern cure. It ig
the only cure for weak men, for
medicine has long ago proven
its worthlessness. Dr. Sanden's
Belt gives new life, drugs sim-
ply benumb the crying nerves.
If you want life get Dr. San-
den's Belt at once. It will not
fail you. The little book,
"Three Classes of Men," is worth
$100 to any weak man. It will
be sent free by mail, sealed
closely, upon application.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
.630 Market , Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. 'Office hours: 8 a. k. to
8:30 P. M.- Sundays, 10 to 1.
■ ;■•■'•■*> ',•».., OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. i PORTLAND, OK..
204 South Broadway. I 253 Washington street.
"f^ PEWEVra:C °f^
fL a
MARKET ST.SJF7SS&CLEVER COUP OF
A STEAMER LINE
Wins a Trick Against the
Southern Pacific
Company.
ALLOWED TO CUT RATES.
Effect of a Peculiar Resolution
of the Transcontinental
Association.
KAILBOAD MEN ARE GRINNING.
The Result of Trying to Settle the
San Francisco-Portland
Rate War.
Railroad men are just now enjoying the
humors of tne situation created by the
action of the Transcontinental Passenger
Assoc.ation on the last day of its session,
vhen it passed the following resolution:
That Messrs. Goodman and Hurl
buri I'.iuted a committee to endeavor, if
restore rates between San Fran
cisco and Portland, and in, the meantime other
BO action, pending settlement of
, without due notice to the asso
ciation.
Considering the fact that the gentlemen
named are the respective general passenger
agents of the roads which are engaged in
tae San Francisco-Portland rate war, and
that the matter of the adjustment of the
existing difficulties has long ago passed
from tueir hands into those of their s>u-
I riors, the resolution is looked upon by
all railroad men, and even by the two «en
tenien composing the committee, as in
tne nature of a "high jinks" proceeding.
Mr. Hurlburt, wnen asked what he pro
posed to do in the matter, remarked with
an evident appreciation of Ibe humorous
absurdity of the situation: ''Oh, i snail
await the pleasure of the chairman of the
committee. Whenever Mr. Goodman is
ready, I will meet him."
Mr. Goodman's views of the matter were
even more terse and expressive. "Bun
combe !M! M was his only reply to a ques'ion
as to what the effect of the association's
resolution would be.
And thus the matter stands, with a
settlement as far off as ever, but with a
decided advantage gained by the ageres
sive and daring competitor ot the Southern
Pacific Company.
Just before the session of the Trans
continental Passenger Association began,
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany gave notice that it would at once use
the cut rate between nere and Portland as
a basing rate for Eastern business. This
enabled it to quote a rate of $ 42 50 via
Portland to St. Paul, as against the $47 90
in effect on all other roads.
All other roads interested bad the right
by agreement among themselves to meet
this rate if they cno'-e. but none did so, in
view of the near approach of the associa
tion's meeting, at which it was expected
that the association would effertnaliv
bring peace and harmony out of existing
war and discord.
But the resolution adopted by the asso
ciation, while it will accomplish nothing
toward bringing about a settlement of the
local rate war, has tied the hands of all
the roads except the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company so far as making a
cut rate to Eastern points is concerned. It
will be seen that the resolution pledges all
the lines to stand by inactive "pending
settlement of this question."
While the local railroad world is still
wondering over the significance of the
peculiar resolution the Oregon Railway
and Navigation people are chuckling in
their sieeves over the position they have
been placed in ana which gives them the
exclusive right to quote the $42 50 rate to
bt. Paul and common points.
PIONEER CLUB REGATTA.
It Will Be Held on the Channel
Course, Without Fail,
on June 9
Their New Yacht, the Sam Vincent,
Will Be Launched on May
26 at Long Bridg?.
Now that all the prominent yacht clubs
on the other side of the bay have had their
turn in opening the yachting season in an
auspicious manner, the Pioneer Yacht
Club, formerly the Bilge-water Yacht
Club, of this City will drop into line with
the rest and help give the yachting season
of 1896 a healthy impetus.
On the 9th of next month they will hold
their opening day and annual regatta.
Their boat?, which all have their moor
ings on this side of the bay, are being ex
tensively overhauled for the occasion.
They will cruise in squadron on June 9
from Clay-street wharf, down along the
front in the wake of the commodore's
boat, Volunteer, and. arriving at Powell
street wharf, the starting gun will be fired
and the regatta commence.
The races will be over the channel
course, from Powell-street wharf out and
around the Presidio shoals buoy back to
Powell-street wharf, and thence around
Blossom Rock buoy to Angel I&land,
where the yachts will all anchor, and a
clam bake will be held to lend zest to the
occasion.
The fleet will sail in the regatta in re
spective classes, the smaller yachts start
ing lirst and the larger ones bringing up
the rear. The starting gun will be fired at
11 o'clock.
The Pioneer Yacht Club is now in a
flourishing condition, and bids fair to
The Sam Vincent, a New Yacht Just Completed for the Pioneer Club. She Will Be
Launched on the 20tta Inst.
lITLTsVoI^U^ 1 clubs aCr ° 93 the
b°a r cf Theft? Under th , e law *^ The S?a U t/an n d
iitap Y»,hf a n. c changed from tne Bilge-
Club tZ** Clvb u to the -Pioneer Yacht
two -ItnrJ ? ey . are linking of purchasing a
Cre/k 7nH ark '- now anchored in Oakland
meserlt a " d *V ng it as a clubhouse, as at
Th* I he ? haVe none of their own.
haVA t» P/pP /p of Tibur are anxious to
nnrt »?n^ loneer3 gartered at their town.
"i hi 111 donate ;to the club $200 if they
If f3 . tbolp clubhouse there.
p'«M a *)T) T las f re P ula r meeting the club
elected the following officers for the en
smngyear: President, H. F. Hartman;
dJ?r." P^ sldent ' Charles Trump; commo
dore, George Enjrels; vice-commodore, J.
£«*y ; secretary, Walter Campfield ; official
measurer, William Metz. The yacht Vol
unteer was made the flagship for the sea
son.
ThecluDhas now a fleet of twenty-five
yachts. Among them. is the invincible
lorty-five footer Magic, owned by "Bob"
Gibson, which is the recognized" oeer of
boats of her class in the bay. Other boats
that are well known for their sailing quali
ties are: George Engel's Volunteer, Sam
Vincent's Pride, G. Lee's Mary and Wil
liam Healey's twenty footer Maud, w' ich
defeated a number of the crack fishing
Boats in a race to the Deads la3t Sunday.
The Pioneers will soon add another boat
to their present fleet. It will be the newly
constructed yacht Sam Vincent, named
after the pioneer boatman of the bay. She
will be launched from Long Bridge, where
she was built on the 26th inst. She is 36
feet over all. 31 feet on the water-line. 13
feet 6 inches beam and has a depth of 4
feet 8 inches.
Her keel and frame work are of well
seasoned oak. The keel is six inches thick
and twelve inches wide, an J the timbers,
which are steam bent, are three inches in
thickness and placed eight inches apart.
Amidships for a distance of six feet on
cacti side, the timbers are only four inches
apart, so that the boat can stand the
thumping agiinst a wharf. Her planKing
is of cedar, and 1% inches thick. She is
fatted with a spacious cabin sixteen feet
six inches long, and with a head room of
six feet four inches. She will carry a good
spread of canvas, the main boom is thirty
nine feet long, the gaff eighteen feet long,
and the hoist twenty-eight feet.
In addition to a mainsail and club top
sail, the boat will carry one jib thirty-live
feet long on the stay and twenty-six feet
on the foot.
William Rissland is the builder and
ojvner of the yacht, and her fine running
lines, from rather sharp forward to a
clean run aft, denote good sailing qualifi
cations.
Mr. Rissland has built several very fast
boats, the most notable are the Catherine
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, the Maud,
the fastest 20-foot boat on the bay, and
the Cucoo, the pride of Long Bridge, lie
has spread himself on the present craft
and expects her to hold her own with any
boat of her size on the bay, and one that
the Pioneers, of which club he is a promi
nent member, ■will be proud of.
THAT BIG POULTRY BILL
Auditor Broderick and the
Finance Committee Have
Locked Horns.
The Board of Health Disclaims Re
sponsibility for County
Hospital Biils.
It developed at the meeting of the Board
of Health yesterday that the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
and Auditor Broderick have locked horns,
though in a friendly way, over toe ques
tion whether or not the Auditor has a
legal right to withhold his signature from
warrants that have been passed by the
committee as correct.
The matter under consideration was the
bill of a ponltry firm for fowls furnished
the City and County Hospital.
For years the custom has been to allow
the institution $25 per month for poultry,
and past Superintendents have apparently
been satisfied with that sum. The present
administration, however, has been con
tractina bills far in excess of $25 per
month, and a short time ago the matter
came up at a meeting of the Finance Com
mittee and the expert of tne Supervisors
was seat to the Auditor's otfiee to ascer
tain how much nad been spent in that
line. His report apparently satisfied the
members of the committee that the ex
penditure of from $50 to $75 per month for
poultry was extravagant and that the
Superintendent's table must be faring ex
ceedingly well in the way of delicacies.
Chairman Taylor at that time stated
that theieafter the ponltrv bill would be
limited to $25 per month. "When the ac
counts for April were presented the poul
try dealer t^ad a bill for $60, but for some
reason the committee did not holu up the
demand, and it was signed and sent to the
Auditor. Then a member, who had not
previously taken a hand, asked the Auditor
to hold the warrant until it could be as
certained whether the fowis were used for
making nourishing broths for the inmates
of the hospital, or whether the Superin
tendents table was getting the benefit.
The matter was referred to the Board of
Health, but that body refused to say any
thing on the subject beyond the statement
that it did not come under their jurisdic
tion, and that the amount of the bills must
be determined by the Board of Supervis
ors. The matter now rests between the
latter body and the Auditor.
TO FIGHT INDIANS.
Three Mission Boys Start Off on a Dime-
Novel Expedition.
Three boys, attending the Mission Gram
mar School, started off on Monday with
the avowed intention of fighting Indians,
and their anxious parents have asked the
assistance of the police to bring them back
and save them from losing their scalps.
The boys are Georec Seitrle, Twelfth and
Howard streets; Harry Russell, Howard
street near Twelfth, and Thomas Prender
gast, 9£6>£ Minna Btreeu The oldest is 14
years.
Seigle had arrived with his parents only
a week or two ago from Germany and Rus
sell lately came from Ca«troville. Seiule
provided the necessary funds for the expe
dition by stealing $20 from his parents.
Before goinp they told some ol the other
scholars that they were going to hunt for
Indians and would return wilh the s-calps
of several Indian braves hanging to their
belts. They will get a good spanking
when they return home.
The annual increase of the German na
tion during the last five years has been
more than five times as much as that of
the French.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
SPIRITUALISTS
PREPARE TO MEET
Final Arrangements Made
for the Coming Con
vention.
BARRETT HERE TO-DAY.
Grand Reception to the Presi
dent at the St. Nicholas
Hotel To-Night.
SOME OF THE NOTED SPEAKERS
All Seven Societies Are to Take an
Active Part in the Con.
vention.
Preparations are now almost completed
for the California Spiritualists' Conven
tion, which opens next Sunday in Golden
Gate Hall. Yesterday afternoon a largely
JOHN BROWS. J. CLEGQ WRIGHT. CHARLES DAWBARN.
PROMINENT SPIRITUALISTS TO CONVENE.
attended business meeting was held at 110
Hayes street, at which final arrangements
were made for the grand reception to deie
eates and local spiritualists, which win be
held on Saturday night.
To-day, Harrison D. Barrett, president
of the National Spiritualist Association of
Washington, D. C, will arrive in this
City, and nothing will be neglected which
can make his welcome a pleasant and rep
resentative one. The presiaent will be
met at the station, on bis arrival, by a
special reception committee, consisting of
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Mrs. Mary Deyman
and Airs. E. Sloper.
In the evening a grand reception* to
Mr. Barrett has been planned at
the St. Nicholas Hotel. The seven incor
porated spiritualist societies of this City
will all be represented, and their presi
dents will make a special point of attend
ing. The following ladies and gentlemen
are expected to mate addresses at to
night's reception: William M. Rider, Dr.
H. C. Rines, Mrs. Mary Deyman, H. C.
Wadsworth, t T . T. Jones, George I. Drew,
John Slater, and Mrs. J. J. Whitney.
At the reception to delegates on Satur
day night, at 110 Hayes street, all t.e
Spiritualists in the City are expected to be
present. An excellent musical and lit
erary programme has been arranged and a
decorating committee, of which Mrs.
Robinson is president, is making exten
sive preparations for beautifying the hall
with flae;s, ferns and flowers.
Among the members of the reception
committee, of which Mrs. Ait*en is presi
dent, arc: Mrs. E. E. Drew, Mrs. N. Nevill,
Mrs. Young, Mrs. Bell, Mrs. R. Parker,
Mrs. Slocum. Mrs. E. 0. Griffin, Mr 3. G.
W. Shriner, Mrs. D. N. Place, president of
the Spiritualistic Ladies' Aid bociety, and
Messrs. Meekm an<l Garrison.
Delegates are expected to be present
from the spiritualist societies of Stockton,
San Jose, Santa Cruz, Vallejo and a num
ber of the other interior towns of this
State.
There are seven incorporated societies of
spiritualists in San Francisco, and the
convention, which is called by their united
action, will be actively participated in by
them all. The seven societies were all
represented at the business meeting yes
terday, and enthusiasm was expressed by
all the representatives for the promised
success of the convention. The opinion
•was also expressed that every organization,
medium and spiritualist in the City and
State was willing to help the convention
along.
The convention opens in Golden Gate
Hall next Sunday, and it will remain in
session over Monday and Tuesday. There
will be music and literary exercises, in ad
dition to the business of the convention,
which is Btated to be the cause of the
United Spiritualist Fraternity. H. D. Bar
rett will be the chief speaker, but a num
ber of other distinguished speakers will
also participate in the proceedings. Among
them are: J. Cleerg Wright, who has a
reputation as an inspirational speaker and
teacher both in England and in this coun
try. He has been sneaker for the First
Progressive Spiritualist Society in this City
for the past live months and is too well
known to the spiritualists of San Fran
cisco to need any commendation at pres
ent.
Charles Dawbarn is widely known for
his pronounced eloquence, his scientific
learning and bis clear, logical reasoning
in every part of the Union, having been a
speaker be tore the different spiritualist
societies East and camp-meeting gatner
ings for years. Mr. Dawbarn was"calied"
to San Francisco to minist rto the First
Progressive Spiritualist Society of this City
several years since and, becoming en
amored with California, he purchased a
tract of land near San Leandro and is one
of its famous fruit-raisers and a citizen of
the State.
John Brown, "the medium of the Rock
ies," and the oldest living medium on the
coast, is living in San Francisco and is
hale and hearty at the age of 76 years, hav
ing been born in tne old Bay State in 1817.
He is a natural medium and long before
the time of the Rochester rappings, while
a young man trapping for furs In the
Rocky Mountains, the strange raps that
accompanied his presence attracted the
curiosity oi his companions aud earned
for him among his friends tne sobriquet of
"The Wizard." John Brown was also a
clairvoyant and to him, at times, coming
events cast their shadows before. In his
published experiences many facts of sec
ond sight are recorded. The book is edited
by Professor J. S. Loyeland of Summer
land and is as interesting as it is strange.
THE COMING FAIR
A Large Niagara Falls of Red Wine
Will Be I x dibit, v.
The coming "home industry" fair of the
Mechanics' Institute and Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association is creating
great interest not only among the business
men of the City, but throughout the State.
Already there are nearly 100 applications
for space, and at the present rate of appli
cations the big pavilion will not be able
to accommodate all who will want| to
make exhibits.
Among the exhibits will be two which
will attract much interest. One will be a
large model of The Call building, now :n
process of construction on Market and
Third streets. The miniature structure
will extend toward the roof of the Pavilion
to a height of fifty feet and wili occupy a
floor space of ten feet square. The model
will be lighted by electricity.
Th.- other exhibit will be a miniature
Niagara uf claret. The lines of. the great
waterfall will bo preserved and the flow of
wine will be continuous. As fast as it falls
the claret will be pumped into the reser
voir back of the head of the falls. The
stream above the falls will be spanned by
a bridge. The exact size of this display
has not yet been decided, but it is likely
that the "falls will extend from the gallery
to the main floor.
An electric fountain similar to the one
at the Midwinter Fair, but smaller, will
occupy the center of the Pavilion, and
it will be Jtept in operation while the fair
lasts.
The industries will not be overlooked in
the general display of pretty and unique
exhibits- Clothing, boots, shoes, brushes,
glassware, jewelry, leather b*lting, rubber
foods, wood novelties, etc., will be made
aily, thus affording an object lesson to
tne public never before presented on this
coast.
Starch or Tapioca.
Special Commissioner Siiirtliff has been ap
pointed by the Circuit Court to take evi
dence relating to the application of Col
lector Wise for a review of the de
cision of the United States General Ap
praisers regarding the classification of the
various articles made from tapioca. Under
the present ruling there is no duty on sago,
sago flour and arrowroot. The Collectoi con
tends, however, that these articles are really
diftVren! forms of Chinese starch, used almost
exclusively by Chinese laundries, and not
tapioca as "decided by the Appraisers. Tapioca
is admitted free oi duty. About $300,000 in
the way of back, duty is involved in the pres
ent litigation.
VIBRATION AND SOUND
By Them Countess Waichtmeister
Says the Universs Was
Begun.
Interesting Lecture en "A Conscious
Universe and the Evolution
of Man."
Countess Wachtmeister lectured to a
crowded house in Colomu Hall Tuesday
evening on the subject of "A Conscious
Univer>e and the Evolution oi Man."
She began with the creation. Her ex
planation of the beginning of the material
world, her reasons fur its being brought
into existence and many other subjects
treated by her differ widely from both the
scientific and orthodox ideas on these sub
jects.
"Spirit and consciousness mean the
same thing," she said. "The universe is
the manifestation of suirit, in conjunction
with primordial matter. Matter had its
origin in vibration and sound.
"Both are the positive and negative
sides in manifestation of absolute con
sciousneso.
"The universe was broucht into mani
festation for the purpose that the spirit,
which is perfectly pure in itself, should
gain the particular kind of knowledge
which matter can give it. It then passes
through the mineral, vegetable and ani
mal forms, and as it pierces through tnese
TCrious kinds of manifestations conscious
ness widens and expands, so that when it
reaches the human form it has become
powerful instinct.
"Thon, when the human form is ready,
the divine spirit fructifies the germ in tlie
brain, which hitherto has been latent, and
in the fructification reason begins.
Through a Jonit course of births and re
births that reason gradually augments
and expands until at last it reaches to the
higher reason, then intuition, then spirit
ual intuition, and finally the divine, where
it is at one with the Deity and truly a Son
of God."
On Sunday afternoon the Countess will
lecture in Native Sons' Hdll on the "Social
Evils of the Day."
•—• — ♦ — •
The starfish has no nosp, but the whole
of its under side is endowed with the
sense of smell.
ffifiti!
I vMfc
[growl
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that,
Hr o PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
{SPECIALTY— DISKASEB OF MEN INCLUD-
. "Jlnir all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dig-
easos of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home Ternu
reasonable. Office Hours. 9 to 3 daily; 6-30 to 8- 0
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation freeand
sacredly confidential. Call or address cettu «
IP. BOSCOE DIeXULTY, 91. I>.,
t«>i Hoarnj Street, San fri auiiacu, C»I.
IE mm
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*• being one of the wondkbs of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of slghtseeln?, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS.... 810 TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. aud N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
PACIFIC comess sprim
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RKSOJIT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OFTIIK SANTA
J-J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 reet above
sea level. No fog. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkoehaiy-
bea'e class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended hv all leading physicians.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL modern Improvements; electric belli, tele-
phone and el. graph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to Sl5 per week: onlr 2% hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. I'KI.TCH. Saratoga, Cal.
/ — hjT~\ e^ ean^ B '
|r^^^^^ HOTEL
\L\DO9E
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
PAR A!SO f~i
health.rest.pleas-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
I baths, hot sulphur tub and HwiniminK tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, RB. Sev.-n
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoflice. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
: i -. -
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Hivi You Bern- There Lately?
1000 feet above Napn Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnllicent. Table supplied from I
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold j
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posiofflce. I
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet, j
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. ah Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, N«pa Soda springs
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods. N. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4 Hotel Cnzadero rales, $10
to $14 per week; Eli m Grove Hotel rates, *6 to 88
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week. »end for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
• Cazadero, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from santa Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
" bor; the place where you feel at home, Table
first Class. Croquet. Billiards, Shullie-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and hunting. Terms, ?10 and $12 per woelc.
Special rates for clubs and largo families. Round
trip, $3 75. Open May 1.
FRESE <fc JUERGENSEN.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
rpWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MENDOCINO
1 County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the state. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel ; 260
feet above the valley: line view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free bus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, 10 per week. '
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; J^-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
WHITE OAK FARM,
VTEAR CLOVERD ALE-SPECIAL ATTEN-
J-' tion given to table: terms $7 per week. For
particulars address W. H. HI ATT, Cloverdale, Cal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER;
A ACTIVE LOCATION- PLEASANT
xi. rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, Sebastopol, Sonoma Ca
HUD SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
X_iA.K:E! COUNTY, OA.T-1.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest staae
route Into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco. •
From San Francisco It costa only $8 for the
round trip. And the hotel rates are SI 50 to $2 50
per day or 10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short da-
lightful stage ride. J. CRA IG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION i
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go -where monotony is impossible,
• where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Ca!.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE.
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
: Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Nap*,
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Nupa City, Cal.
, T7" I ft f 1 fl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
\ X AI• I > V County, only 4y a hours from
\ a II |TiT\ an Francisco; but 9 miles
' L) IV fl 111 I 11 stll 's ir '->' : new road through
*** **•*••*« vi Kf canyon; new stages; sanitary
plunibinir: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqulios and other annoying
Insect! unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:»0
a. M. or 3:30 p. v. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
■ Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most Dlcturesque. soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
. gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has Jus;
! ] been opened. The table is supplied with the very
: best the market affords, and the comfort and wet-
! fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
: camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
■ dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
; Adams, seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga, Fare
| from San Francisco. 95 60; round trip, $10. Spe-
I cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KPistty ville. Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cat.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; line trout fishing, bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1- per week.
VICTOK W. KKaUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BEKTRAND, Proprietor.
City ofllce, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. V! to 4 p. M.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLIHBAME.
j Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
Iloitl's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
T>ESWICK. SISKIYOO COUNTY. CAL., A
XJ noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN KVKKY RESPECT.
R. E. RADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath pnd all modern con-
veniences in connection witu Hotel. '
IF YOU. WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
J. hunting and fishing where game of all klnas Is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. I. K. R. to Uklnh,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's sta<e
to HullvMe. P. O. address, HulivilJe, Lake Co. CaL
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgauge Depot,
S-A.3XT HA^F^^SJLm.
Summer Resort for Families.
Rates ?6 to $10. A. BERO, Manager.
THE JORDAN HOUSE, Ml RAFAEL, CAL.
First-Class Family Board ing- House.
MRS. J. F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
. Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. ' . Head of B.
EL BONITO HOTEL
VOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
JLi season: salt and fresh water bathing, huntlnz,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills. Sonoma Co., Cat
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
tIKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
-I- year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific oifices, *10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Selgler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
J. Mountains; hot and cold magnelic baths; liun'-
ing and fishing: cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms »8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY, Menwood, Cal.
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING BE-
sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
lfishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address O. W. R. TKKi'WAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, CaL
AUREL DELL HOTEIToN^LaUREL DELL
■J Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free;' no !
pains will ha spared to provide a good table; terms
*8 to fl2 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 85; round trip *9 50. Address H.
W AiUJOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County .Cal. I
1 TANK
B% Of naturally warm mineral water
rJ._*» 30x75 feet — the grandest place iiu.
HTnra aginable to bathe. That's only one
of the good things at
>GTNA SPRINGS
To make your summer vacation one of joy.
Climate, scenery and creature comforts— what
more do you want?
Kates, $10 to $14 per week. Fare, round
trip, $7. Write— Battery st. S. F., or W. L.
MITCHELL, Manager,
Lidell P. 0., Napa Co., Cal.
SASTI CITALHI' ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
JVletropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
'222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
WHEN UKIAH
VISITING UKlAll
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
rp II IS ISTHEXEWKBT, LARGEST AND BEST
i hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Retort
in the Santa Crux >|(iiiutaiii-i
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dnncini; pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed, send for souve-
nir. £taze at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 A. M.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cal. •
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 .Tiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTI'R INGE K. >eavie\v, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KHUsE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
INVERNESS.
INVERNESS, MARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
J- privileges to rent, and lots for sale: situated
i on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water batning;
! water two degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and fish-
ing; within two hours of San Francisco on the
North Pacific Coast Railroad. Apply mornings
between 11 and 2, 331 Montgomery street, room 61.
ASTORG SPRIKjmERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
J- cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by tbousmds in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel. Lake
County, one-quaiier mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
SUMMER BOARD SEAR GSLROY.
I A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
Jt\ ' gant climate, fishing, hunting and scenery.
Low price.
Terms of W. T. TWUMBLKt, Gilroy.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in Stale: 8 different springs: good fish-
I ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
I $10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
nnished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
TO LET-FURNISHED HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS,
near Santa Kosa: rent low; adults only. Ad-
dress S. R., box 17, Call Office.
press LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD ta-
\J Die; home comforts. T. 11. EP..JiY, Vina, Cal.
PKND YOUR SUMMER AT LAUREL GLEN
Farm; line spring water: plenty milk, cream
and fruit and all home comforts, tor particulars
apply to MRS. V. SsTUIiENKAUCH, P. O. box
159, Napa City.
TO LET— FURNISHED COTTAGE OF SIX
rooms and bath in Santa Cruz Mountains;
orcnaid. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgombry St.
HOTEL DEL MAR— UN THE SEASHORE; 20
minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing: buses meet all trams; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week: special rate 9
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal.. or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. . ■
RIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
J-V Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, .$7 per week. Excellent tabl»-;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via S. P. R. R. and Knight's
stage line, $4. MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda, Cal.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open: many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
Ai Bi: I.MONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeIraon t
1' ONUWOOD9, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
■i send for illustrate! pamphlet and terms. 1 Ad-
dress Loiigwoods, Napa, Cal.
ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJS
■£1. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MSfflfJlSg WIL.LOX COMPOUND
TrAHSfNUJS
n .,,h0,i Rafeandsl7ltE « Always reliable. TaS»
BOBUDstltute. Forsalebyaininicgists. $2.00. Send
4c. for Woman' Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
CO.. 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHILADA.. PA.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THIS
kJ great Mexican Remedy; gives He*iU» aa4
Strength to tae Sexual Organ*
. : ■ ■ - ■■. -..-■ . - ■ . ■-" - ■ " ■ ■
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMABT OF THE MARKETS.
Silver as before.
Shipment of $146,163 to China.
Wheat and Barley dull
Oats firm. Torn amet.
Bye »mi Boca-wheat neglected.
No chance in llav.
Kran and Middlings advanced.
Beans dull and unchanged.
Potatoes and onions easy.
Dairy Produce and KgKs unchanged.
Poultry about thesame.
Cherries bringing good prices.
Berries keep up.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Vegetables about the same.
, ried Fruits and K&isins cleaning up.
Provisions as before.
SPECIE IMPORTS.
Imports of specie at this port during the first four
months of the year were $967,408, as follows:
Gold Mi11i0n. 5264,870: Gold Com. $31,221; Silver
Bullion, $473,040; Silver Coin, $198,2 1 
Explanation.
The arrow fll«a with tbtwind. The top figure*
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
flays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
ralmall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. ihe
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California* coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result-
WJEATHKR BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of ARKicnLr
tube. Weather Bureau, San Fbancisco, May
20, 1696, 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast: ■■ •
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka £0.78, last season 41.94; Red Bluff 21.79.
last season 29.25: San Francisco 20.64. last sea
son 25.41; Fresno 8.16, lust season 14.67: san
Luis Obispo 17.64, last season .5.93; Los Angeles
9.35, last, season 16.10; »au Diego 6.92, last sea
son 12.20.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day fro^n stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka 62, Red Bluff
70, San Francisco 60. I-resno 76. San Luis Obispo
68, Los Angeles 74. San Diego 66, Yuma 92.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 49, mean 54.
The following rainfalls are reported in California
during the past 24 hours; Eureka .01, San Fran
cisco trace.
No well marked high or low areas appear upon
the map to-night. The highest pressure west of
the Rocky Mountains is 30.08 inches and the
lowest pressure, excepting in .Arizona 29.96 inches,
or a rang" of 0.12 inches. Such an even pressure
distribution is unusual. The barometer is lowest
in the upper Missouri Valley and also over Arizo
na. There has been a slight fall in pressure dur
ing the past twenty-four hours over the entire
Pacific Slope.
The temperature has remained nearly stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains, with the exception of Northern Utah, where
there has been a rise of about 10 degrees in the
past 24 hours. The temperature is still from 3 to
« dearees below the normal for this time through
out California.
The weather has been generally cloudy over the
Pacific slope, except along the coast from Rose
bure northward and from Los Angeles southward.
Light rains have fallen at a few stations. Condi
tions are favorable for continued cloudy weather,
becoming slightly warmer inland and with fog
over the ocean.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 21, 1890:
Northern California— Cloudy weather, and prob
ably very light showers in th« extreme north
western portion Thursday morning; light north
westerly -.miiils. log on the coas:.
Southern Calliornia — Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds, tog on the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday, Dossibly light rain in
extreme northern portion Thursday morning.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona- Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather
Thursday; warmer; fresh westerly winds increas
ing in the afternoon, Fog to-nizht and Thursday
morning. Alkxandkr " U. Mcadie.
Local Forecast Ollicial.
NEW YORK M \I;KI.I>.
Financial.
NKW YORK, N. V.. May 20.— stocks were, in
tensely dull today except for Sugar. Total sales
of stocks were 119.K50 shares. >u«arrulel weak
until near the close, when it suddenly spurt.-d 2-'- 4
to 132*4* Tne ea rly weakness was due to shori
short selling by local bean, who professed to be
greatly disturbed by the further reduction of i/g in
the prici- of refined and the report of poor trade
conditions. At the decline, however, one Broad
way concern which usually trades for the leading
opt-rators, purchased nearly 5000 shares of the
stock and there started buying tor no:h accounts.
The rapidity of the advance* alarmed the shorts and
on their ertorls to cover they bid prices up on
them selves.
1 he railway list during the morning session was
steady to firm, but subsequently the market dis
played weakness and then drifted Into dullness.
London was a moderate seller of certain stocks,
but bought a few bonds. Its operations, however,
had no influence on the market. The engagement
of 9500.000 gold for shipment to Europe to
morrow and the belief thai further amounts will
be forwarded Saturday was offset by semi-official
sta ements that Mr. Morgan has placed important
blocks of railway bonds in London. The market
in the last half hour of business showed a little
more life, the sharp rally in sugar having 3: art ed
up a better inquiry lor the general list.
Speculation closed strong in tone, changes show
ing advances of i/g@23/g per cent with Sugar leaa
ing. Bonds were quiet and firm. The sales voo:<'u
up 9927,000. Chicago and .Northern Pacific fives,
certificates, rose 3/4 10 46Vi: Pittsburg and West
ern fours, 1 to 7o; St. Paul and < imaha consoli
dated sixes, 1 to 120; Missouri, Kansas and East
ern fives, '2 to 91.
In Government bonds $35,000 coupon fours 0!
1925 sold at 117y @116%: $20,000 registered
fours of 1907 at 107, and $10,000 coupon fives at
112%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
f 1 76@2 90: do fair to fancy. 92 50fa3 65: do pat
»nts, $3 75@4: Minnesota clears. $2 s'i<&3 10: do
straits, ?3(a3 50; do patents, S3 45(*4 30: low
extras, ?1 7608 90; city mills, 94 Ida* 20: do
patents, $4 30@4 60: rye flour steady. $2 50@3 50
-superfine, $-(3»-25: fine. $1 75@.2 10. South
ern flour, dull Hteady; common to fair extra, 92 30
@2 40; good to choice, 9-' 90fg>3 20. Rye flour,
dull, easy: $2 40;<t2 50.
CORN.MEAL— Steady: yellow Western, $2 05®
2 10: Brandywine, 92 50.
RYE— Nominal; No. 2. 44@44Vic: State. 46c.
BAKLKY- Quiet; ungraded Western. :-!9(a4lc.
BARi-EY MALI -Quiet; Western. 47@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, stronger; f. o. b. 75y«c to arrive:
ungraded red, 65@67c; No. 1 Northern. 71 i/ie
Options active. Closed firm at 3/ B @%c advance
on bullish crop reports, better Wcs: ana slow c .v
-ering. July and September most active. No. 2
red, May. a 9y 8 e: June, 88 % c; July. 68V4c: Aug
■st, 68Vi2 c ; September, ÜBs^c: December, 70i/4<^.
CORN— DuII, firm. No. 2, 35c, elevator; 36V4C
afloat. ■ "
Options dull, unchanged; closing firm without
feature. -July and September only traded in.
May. 30V4C; July. 353,4 c; September, 3«% c.
O ATS- i/ull. stronger, t
Options dull, firm. May, 241/4 C; July 24 Vic.
Spot prices: No. 2. 2414c:. N0. 2 white, ;B%C:
No 2 Cliicago, 2 ■ '/4-: No. 3, l /4c; No. 8 white,
24 ; -.<-: =." mixed - Western. Isfs2oc; white do and
white State. -C^.2Bc. e _
FEED BKAN — 55(560c.
M IDDLI US— 6s(§»7oc.
RYE— Feed, ti'oc. . ' . " .
I*rovi*»ioii«.
Pt y y k— Quiet.steHdy : family. $9(d ]0 ■ i>\ Ira mess.
S7MB: beel hams bbII, fl* W&li, pierced beei
Inaetlve; > ity extra India n»K 918@16; cut
meats slow, weak, unchanged: picked bellies, 12
pounds. 414 c; do shoulders, 4V4@4%c; do hams,
9@9IAC.
LAKH- Quiet, lower; Western steam, *4 72%;
city, $4 20: May. »4 80. Refined, quiet; continent.
$580; south American. Kb 50: compound, «y«@
41 -c. ' .
PORK— easy; old mess, $8 50@9; new
mess, $9 25@9 76.
BUTTKH— Weak; State dairy. S@lsc; do cream
ery. ll@15c: Western dairy, 7@llc; do cream
ery, Il<aisc; do held, 9@llc; do factory, 7@loc;
Eleins. 15c: imitation. lu@l2c.
CHEESE— Quiet; State large, old, 6@9%c; do
new. 7 1 4@S^4c: part skims, old, S@4y 3 c; do,
new, 2@sc; full skims, 2V2C
Ki;<;:>— steady, firm; state and Pennsylvania,
ll@12c; Western fresh, 9@loi/oc; do, per case,
91 25@2 40.
TALLOW— Quiet: easy: city. 3y 8 3-16 c:
country, »i /B @3 3-16 c
COTTON SKBD OlL— Easy, quiet: crude. 21c;
yellow, prime. 25c; do oft' grades, 2434@26c.
RESlN— Quiet, steady; strained, common to good,
$1 80@l 90.
TUItPENTI.VE— Steady: 26@29%c.
POTATOES— Weak: Bermudas, $2@5; others
unchanged.
RlCK— steady: Domestic, fair to extra, 3@sS4c;
Japan, 4@4 Vie
MOLASSES— Firm, fairly active; New Orleans
open Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFKE-Barely steady; 10 points 15 points
down: May. $12 B. '.(ail 2 90: June, $12 45,'a!12 50;
July. $11 95(a;12 05; August, ?11 50@ll 60: Sep
tember, $10 90@ll; October, $10 »0: Spot Rio
dull, steady: No. 7, 14y B @l4i/ic.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, fairly active: fair refining,
3%c: centrifugals. 96 test, 4c: refined, lower and
quiet; off A. 4 11-16<a>4i<4c: mold A, 53/ standard
A, 6y c; confectioners' A, ■ sc; cut loaf and
crushed, 634 c: powdered A, 0 11-16 c; granulated,
"Vac; cubes, 53/ g c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS — Nominal.
WALNUTS — Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y»«10c.
PEACHES— Peeled, %f &, 10®12o; do on
peeled. s@7c
PRUNES— Four sizes. 5c
RAISINS — Two-crown loose muscatel. 3c; three
crowu do, 4@4%c: four-crown do, 4%Q85c: Lon
don layers do, 90c@$l.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 2%aßc:
Pacific Coast. 2y 2 @7c
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
Pin IRON— Moderate demand; American,
910 75@13 60.
COPPER-steady: lake. 810 9f>@ll 25.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. »3 OnfcgS 05.
TlN— Steady: Strain, $13 55@13 65: plates,
moderately active.
M'ELTEK-Moderately firm; domestic, $4 10®
4 12JUj.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, May 19.— Shorts and bad crop
reports from some winter wheat States, notably
Ohio, Indiana and Michigan, gave wheat prices
assistance to-day. The firmness came after a
rather easy operating, which was due to predic
tions of showers throughout the entire Western
country. The bears are disposed to proceed with
a certain degree of caution, and on any unusual
amount of crop damage stories take no chances,
but cover without questioning the accuracy or
veracity of the information. There seemed to be
these features this morning, and very little buying
was done.
Receipts were moderate at 111 cars and 63,404
bushels were taken from store. The Northwest
had 238 cars against 262 last Wednesday and 178
a year ago. Liverpool cables quoted a steady mar
ket at V*d decline. Export clearances were licht
at 116,934 bushels. Closing Berlin and Paris cables
were higher. Antwerp was unchanged. July wheat
opened from 61 1 «c to 61Jygc,sold between 613 8 c
and 62«/ge to Wlifcc, closed at 62c to 621 8 s- c to
%c higuer than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 7 cars.
CORN— Was, as customary, neighborly In its
action, accepting the lone of wheat as its govern
ing motive. It is not expected that corn w: 1 exert
its dependence in the near future. Business to
day was very light and the session was an ordinary
One in every sense. Receipts were 151 cars anil
387,835 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cables were quiet. Export clearances
amounted to 256,938 bushels. July corn opened
at 29 Vic, sold at /8 p, closing at the latter, a
shade over yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 255 cars.
OATS— Derived encouragement from the better
tone of wheat, but trade was too small to attract
attention or cause interest to betaken. Receipts
were 174 cars and 18,862 bushels were taken from
store. Export clearances were but 150 bushels.
July oats closed unchanged. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 185 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 88% c; July, 88V»c;
September, 87c bid. Receipts 3 cars.
PROVISIONS— Hog receipts were away and be
yond extravagant estimate*. Forty thousand ar
rived and the enormous inrtux bad the effect of de
pressing prices at the yards 10c. Under the cir
cumstances products suffered depreciation. Every
thing declined on selling prompted by the hog
market. July closed 15@17 Iy*jc1 y *jc lower, July lard
7 1 -0 lower and July ribs iOc lower.
BUTTER— Continued to sell well to-day ana was
qnotably steady to firm. The supply was moderate
and the demand from all sources good. Creameries
1 —Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14V2C: seconds, ll@13c:
imitations, fancy, ll®l:-:c. Dairies— Extras, 13c;
firsts. 1O(S>1 lc; seconds. 9c asked. Ladles — Extras,
9@loc; firsts. B@BVic; packing stock, 7c asked.
EGGS Firm. Receipts showed some reduction
and stocks held were not large. Fresh stock
rani-ed from 7VsC to 9c '■$ dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6@7% on time
loans. New York exchange soli from 90c to $1 10
premium.
Closing Prices.
wnEAT— May. 6iy 8 c; July. 62@62y 8 c: "Sep
tember, 631/B°.
CORN — May. 28s%c; July, 29% c; September,
30*4@30%c.
uaUs— May, 19c; July, 19y4@19s/ 8 Septem
ber, 195 /B e.
PORK — July, 87 67%: September, 97 S5Vi-
LARll— July, *4 52V»; September, «4 65.
It IBS— July, $3 92%; September, $4 06.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ix,l£, May 20.—Arriv
als of cattle were large and buyers were backward.
Prices declined 6@loc. The run of hoes was
enormous. The demand was rather slow and
prices dropped sfg>loc. A fairly active demand
for sheep was noted.
CATTLE — Receipts, 15,000. Fancy beeves,
5 4 20@4 25: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. *4 OOtivt 25 : good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, S3 80@3 95; medium steers, 1000
to 1400 pounds. $3 65@3 75: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 4"{<zi3 60: choice feeders.
900 to 1170 pounds. S3 60@3 85: common to choice
siockers. $2 85fa.3 70: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. $3 00&3 25: bulls, poor to choice, $2 00
2 90; cows and heifers, extra, 93 60; cows, fair
to choice. S3 40@3 60: cows, common to fair.
$1 50(a>2 35: calves, good to choice. 94 50
(0,5: calves, common to good. 93 05@3 40; Texas
grass steers, 92 70@3: Texas fed steers. *3 25
($3 90: Texas cows and bulls. 92 25(3*3 25; milkers
ana springers, per head, 920@>40.
HOGS— Receipts, 24,000. Heavr packing ana
shipping lots, 93 20(53 40: common to choice
mixed. $3 15(a>3 46: choice assorted. $3 35©
3 50: light, 93 35@3 50; pigs, 92 50(«3 40.
- SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. Inferior 10 choice,
$2 50&4; iambs, 93 2 5 (ft 3 50.
NEW \vICK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shams.
Money on roll easy at 2y last loan at 21/2%:
and closing offered at 2Va Prime mercantile
pacer, 6@5Va?S- Bar silver, b7^BC Mexican dollars.
53c 'titernni; ' exchange was firm, with actual
busiuess in tanners' mils at. 94 87y 2 @4 87% for
sixty flays and *4 88y a @4 883/ for demand. Poatea
ra%«. *4 88@4,89y 2 . Commercial bills. Si 8614
ra>4 Hli-A Government bonds steady; State bone*
neglected; railroad bonds steady. Silver at the
board was dull.
CLOSING STOCKS.
a m Tel & Cable— 5-0 Norfolk * We v.... %
Atcblson 1 5Va! Preferred. 8 14
A Prtterred" ••- a '-V»i Northern Pacirio.. 1/,
A<J«ms Express... 147 Preferred lls/ 8
Al:on.TerreHaut& 56 Nortnwestern. 104^
American Express. 114 I Preferred 14«< ,
American Tobacco. 6534 N. Y. Central ,J1?,, J1? , »*%
Preferrea 9 », K. 1 . C b lcago&a. & \S™
Ba/fctateUaV. «8% let preferred 7&
Ejtlmore&Ohla. 18 i 2d preferred. 32
I runswick Lands.. __««■ &>• H ,..:.... 173
Buffalo Roch &P. 23 >. V*>.w Ens. 45
UDua. pacitic... f^N-Y.^dtW.. B* A
Canada Boutnera.. ll 9 * /*:(/ *: (^ tt _ cI!e I !* rrea — ?2
( anton Land ..«. 60 7/ 8 Ontario 13
Central Pacific. ..: 113/ 4 Ontario & Western. .14%
CEes-AOhla lt>3 ! Oregon Improvnu. 1
ihlcivgo Altou 157 Preferreu. —
Pre^rreo 170 Oregon Nay Ig-atlon. 14
Chicago, H. A, U. ... 7«6/ B 'oresron bhort L.lam. 7%
Lhlcago&E.lU... 41 /S Pacific 25i /2
Prelerred .. bH Peona. D.& Evans, ill
Chicagooaa " 678/ 4 PUtsburg & W pfd. 16 TS
tlevedt Pittsburg'l62 Pnllmaa Pa1ac«...157
consolidation Coat. 32 Quicksilver.. „ 1
Consolidated 0a5..1^4S /ik Preferred. _15
C. C. c. «fe St. Louis. 33 .Beaaing U)y s
Preferreu . 83 RloUrande<ftWe«ta 18 /8
Colo. Fuel A ironl. -S I Prelerred. 43
Preferred .. 90 Rock Island "014
Cotton Oil cert."... 13 Rome Wat &Ogd«nll;>i4
Commercial Cable. 150 bt. L. <t ay» 4V
Del. Hudson 135 Preferred. loy,
U*l.L*ok<&We»t«nilr,O tt.Paui ...... 77V 2
Uenver&R. U»...; " 14 Preferred. 128y 4
Preierrea 4 8 y8!y 8 ! et - Paul* Dulutta. 23
DlstUlers.... _ 18V4 c P«'erred......... 86
General Electric... 311 6t - Paul <SfcOm * *- 435/ a
Erie - 14 i/2i /2 Preferred ....... 124
Preferred 30% ?,'; V - lA& «• "7
Fort Wayne. 160 ; ""^er Certincates.. esi/i,
Grea:NortheraDta.lls Southern Paclflo... i 93/ 8
Greeniiay . */» Soumern A X 914
Harlem . 295 , Preferred. '296/
Uocklne'coal "" 2V2 b»l«b »l« Refinery.... 122 14
Hocking Valley... I*VS Preferred. 103
liomesiake „ 3-' Tenn.Coai& Iron. 2t>B/.
A Texas Cenu. - *Vi Preferred.. 100
Illinois Central.... 95 V 2 | Texas Paclflo 81^
lewa Central _ 8 1T01.A.A.&N.M.10&.—
Preferreo......... 83 V*-' 01 - * Ohio t*n«.. 32
Kansas A Texas— llV* Preferred 73
Preferred ." 25 lol.Bt.Louls*K.a 6y,
Kingston & Pern... 3 It , Preferred 6
Lake Ene & Weaw 17»4 J-nlon Paciflo 7%
Preferred 7iy 4 iU ¥ . Den - * Gait 8/B8 /B
Laxe Bhore ...... 149%! l •**• Cordage...^.. 4%
National Lead>....< 25Va' Preferred „ , 034
Preferred.... .. J»l < Guaranteed... 19
Long Islana '..'..'... 80 j;b.Expr»ss 40
Louisville A Nasa. 50V B ' l i, a «»" ier "— • 9
iouisvllle Na* Ch. D ' 1 ,. F £ c '? r red - - 6 ">
Preferred........'. -0 ■ Ruober „ 241,4
Waunattan Consoi. IO2V& ^ ref i « d v.- , **
Mempnis Charts. 15 , « tlc » *B - River.. 150
Mexican Central.. . 9%' » »b. h. L. & I'm.. 7
Michigan Central.. J. V 3 . ., , * 'erred 17 %
iilundrs-i......... * I e-lls-Kargo. ........ 97
Preferred... ;.....- \\cstern Union..^ . »*%
Minn. & st. com. l«7 8 l" c f. ntra! -VK- IJ^
Ist preferred. .„. 78 ISSl SS *<*"**! * U 8.. <JS /*
2a preferrea.. .... 47%! Preferred. ........ » B
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
Missouri Pacific.. 243i'Am Cotton OU pfa. 5454
Mobile* 0hi0..... 20 .W U Beef 73/2
Nashville Chatc... 68 Ann Arbor 9%
at tonal Linseed.. 16' ! Preferred 25
K.J. Central. ...... lo* J Brooklyn Traction. 22%
North American... s%Erle2dpfd 21
CtOSINO BONDS.
C P4».re«r,.. iOS^iSl KT24j... 68%
Do. 4* coupon... 109 v»' Do. 4s. . . , 85%
V F 4s new reg.....H654| Mutual Union' 65... 114 '
Do. 4b coupon... 11h:i 4 N j Cent Gen 55.. 119
5°- 28 94% Northern Pac lsts.ll7i/
**• 6*6 * JV » Do - 20«... M ......115yi
Do. 6s c0un0n.... 1125. i Do. SO* ' 72
Cherokee 4s, 189b. 100 Nonnwestconsoi* I*o
D 0.189- 100 I > Do. deb 6s ..108%
ISBB 100 OR&N lsta.: . 110^
1j0.3899 100 |6lLAlronMtGen»« 79
raclflc 650f '95.... |BtL& SFGtn 6s. lia
B.C. 3-6 6s - 109%| H Paul Consols ...130
« C M» A 4 ..106 H. P. C & Palst».llß
Do. Class 84. ss. 106 1 Do, Pac Cal -sta.. 1 10
LaConsol4s. 97% Southern It. R. 3i. 94%
JllEsourl fund 1 nit.. Texas Pacific first* 90%
Carollnacon 124 I Texas Pac seconds. Sl%
_ °°' *• • 104y 2 inlonPac lstof 96.
Carolina 4y,5... 106 | West Shore 4a 105%
v' -7 3B • 8-iy, Mobile A Ohio 4*.. 66 /8
funding d60t... 61% r UrandeWest law 7«%
t£J!*f'—V Ches&Oss 107%
£0. deferred 6«. _ 5 lAtchlson 4a 7914
• Vo. trust rents st 5 1 Do. 2d» a _. . . 42
Canaoa Bouth 2ds.. 104% O H & H A 61....U 105
I?" Pac V Of '95 102 ' Do. 2d *«...- 102
rL* Ka in 110 % »* T « Cent 5;:."lO9
*??•* 91 I Do.cone* tea
j^ rle2d « ti-Hi Readme 4* - 798/s
Kanaas p. consols 72 Missouri «»........ 100
»>» *•» l6ts Den divlllH
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHIAT IX LIVEBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eso., May 20.— The spot market
!f- q 5!, et * l 6s 4%d@ss 5%d. Cargoes steady at
-J7s 6a sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May.
5s 2%d; June, 5s 2%d} July, 5s 2» 4d: August, 5s
2S4d; September, 6s 3d.
bKCURITIKS.
LONDON, Ej»o.. May 20—Consols. 112 9-16:
■liver. 31 l-16d; French Rentes, 102f 42% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8814
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Vb
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver. V ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars 64% 65
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of $145,
consisting of $19,863 in Mexican Dollars, $2000
in Gold Coin, $91,300 in Silver Bullion and $32,
-000 in Peruvian Soles.
•
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Continues stagnant at the quotations.
No. 1. $1 0614; choice, $1 07i,2@l 083.4: lower
grades, $I@l 06; extra choice for milling, $ 1 15@
1 20 ' * ctL
CAM, BOARD SAI.KI
Inkokmai. Session — 10 o'clock — December—
100 tons, $1 Oil/ft.
Regular Morning Session— December— 1000
tons, $1 04.
ArrKßxooiJ Session — December— 3oo tons.
$1 03%.
BARLEY— Weak and quiet, with increased re
ceipts. Feed, 71Vi@73?ic; choice, 76c; Brewing,
80@85a
'All BOARD BALES.
Sn formal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kkoi'Lab Morning Skrsign— December— 700
tons. 74c; 100, 74y*c; 200. 74y c; 400, 73% c
aftkbnoon Session— December— loo tons, 74c;
600, 78% c.
<>■'• 'l'!- — Dealers quote a firm market, though
business is not heavy. Hilling 75<582V 3 c ■ c -l;
fancy Feed, 2f<sß7y2c:2 f<sB7y 2 c: good to choice. 77%@
82 % c; common to fair, 70(a»75c; Gray, 72* V<*
82% c; Surprise. 90c(S$l V ctl.
CORN— change to report. Large Yellow, 883.1
iaUJ-' 2>-;2 >-; small Round do, 97%c@$l; White, bs@
b7i ... ~p ctl.
RYE— 76Vi@7Bßic « cU.
BUCKWHEAT— 85@90c ft ctl.
FLOCK A>l» MILLSTUFFS
FLOl'R— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
*3 78@3 85? bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 55<53 »55;
supertine. $2 75@3.
CORXMEAL, ETC.-Feed- Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 1* ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
'-'S 4 c; Rye Flour, 3y 4 c; Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal, 2S4@3c; extra cream do. 2 c; Oatmeal,
S34c; Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominr, 4<S4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3"% c; Fnrina,
4y 3 c: Whole Wheat Flour, 8c; Rolled Oats, 4%c-
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Split, Peas, 4%c; Green do!
6Vic ft lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-Higher at $15@16 50 ■$ ton.
MIDDLINGS— Higher at $16 60@17 30 ?l ton
for lower grades and $18@19 f* ton for the best.
FEEDbTUFFS — Rolled Barley, flß@l6 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 ii ton; jobbing, $21:
Cottonseed Oilcake. $21 f, ton.
HAY- Wheat, $8<§;11 60: Oat. $7@9: Wheat and
Oat, $8@11: Barley, $7@B 50: Alfalfa, *7@9;
Clover, $6<gl7 50; Compressed Oat, SB sO'a-8; Com
pressed Wheat, ?7@lo 60; Stock, $tkg)7 X ton.
STKAW-30@50c -0 bale.
BEAKS AND SKEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 80c@$l fi ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 fi ctl; Pea, 91 25@1 45
■$■ ctl: i>argo Whites. 81@1 15 ft ctl: PinK,
efs@97y 2 c; Reds, 91 25: BlacKeye. «1 40(^1 88:
Red Kidney, SI 50^1 65; Lima*. 92 60«z,2 75-
Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small and 91 25@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 91 50
@2 25 $ cU; Trieste, "»2©2 50 V ctl: Yel
low Mustard, *1 40@l 60;. Flax. 91 7l)(g.l 80- Ca
nary, -23ic 1* Ib; Alfalfa, 7Vis<<s9V3C ft lb; Rape,
2V2C* Ib; Hemp, 31 2c2 c * lb. H
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 $ cU for Miles and
91 25(g,l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VKOETABLES.
POTATOES-Good stock brings fair prices. New
Potatoes are quotable at 85c(g.31; new Early Rose
In boxes from the River, $1 50; River Burbanks,
50(0.56c; Oregon Burbanks, 60<g.80c cti; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. 85c(ft$l «1 ctl ; Early Rose, 60($:0c;
P. taluma and Tomales, 65@6Sc V ctl; Humbo'dt
Burbanks. Co@7oc $ ctl. . l
ONIONS— New are quoted at 50@60c ¥* ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 444 boxes As
paragus, 1 31* boxes Rhubarb and 652 sacks Peas.
Quotations show no change of any consequence
Summer Squash, 91 25@1 50 ft bx : Err Plant, 15c
V Ib; Los A nceles Tomatoes, .fi!(q.2 50 fi box- Cu
cumbers, 50c&^l f<. dor; Asparagus, $1(0.2 t* bx for
ordinary and $2 2J><5,2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, 60cftd
?1; Dried Peppers. 7©9 c: Green Peppers, ~H Ib;
Green Peas, 80c(a,91 ft «k for common and •2@2U»c
f( Ib for Garden; String Beans, 7@llc %i tb for Los
Angeles and 10@12V«jC f* Ib for Winters: Horse
Beans, 40@60c ~# sack; Dried Okra, l^VaC; Cab
bage, 40c ~fi ctl; Garlic, *y a ©:)c V lb.
liI'TTKK, CHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Nothing new.
< kkameby — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13y a c
Dairy— Fancy, 18-v. good to choice, 12(ai2iAc
lower grades, ll@ll%c. • /a '
CHEESE- Fancy mild new, 7c: common to good
6®«Vac; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc Ib: Young
America. B@9c (\( \ Ib: Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
K'@l3Vic.
h.(i(i.-s— Steady and unchanged. Oregon Eggs,
llc^doi; Eastern Eggs, ll@ljy a c; Store Eggs,
ll@12c: ranch Eggs, 12@13%c; Duck Eggs. 14«s
15c •* dor. • •
POCM'KY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Eastern stock cold at f 5@5 50 for
Hens and $5 for old Roosters.
An advance in yonng Roosters, which are very
scarce, is the only change. Live Turkeys, 13@14c
forOobblers, 12(&13c Jor Hens: Geese, ~f pair. $]@
1 25; Goslings, SI 2.l<§>l 60; Ducks, $3 50(4)4 50
for old and $i«v6 %* doz for young: Hens, $3 50f$
4 50; Roosters, young, $*S(&;10: do, old, «4t04 50
-lryers, ?6@7; Broilers. $4«t5 for large and 82@3
for small: Pigeons. Si 26^.1 50 for young and old.
UA.MK— Hare, 50(^75c: Rabbits, 76c tor Cotton
tails and 50®75c ft aoz for small.
bZCHTOOUS A>fD CITKUS FKCITS.
ORCHARD FKUITS-Arrlvals of Cherries were
2290 hoxes, selling at 40@85c for White and Red
and 50&90 c V box for Black.
The dinners are paying 6 Va@6c ft lb for ordinary
White Cherries and are bidding 7c $ Ib in the
country for Royal Anne.s. Cherries are going to be
high thi3 year.
A few Prlngle ADricots are being received, but
they are hard and green and sell slowly at Hsc(a)
$1 25 r box.
BKIIRIKS — Receipts of Strawberries were 395
chests, selling at $s@B ft chest for Longworlbs
and S4«i.:> 60 tor large berries.
Gooseberries. 20@25c $ drawer and l@2i a c f. Ib
in sacks for small und 30@36c fl drawer and 2^<<j#
3c lb in hulk for large.
Raspberries, $1 V drawer; Newcastle Rispber
ries, $1 50 ft crate-
Blackberries from Southern California, *2 50 f»
crate.
Cnrrantg. 60@75c box.
CITRUS KKTITS-i 'ranges, »1 25C«2 for Reed
lings, $:-f<3,4 50 for Navels, *1 76@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 50(a'J 50 for Mediterranean Sweets:
Lemons, 75c(§$l 25 for common and $1 SOfd'-i 60
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, 95 5"Wd6
California Limes, $1; Bananas, fl@2 $ bunch:
Pineapples, f 3<(£6 f* dozen.
I>i:i I.I) FKUITS, itAISINS. NCTS, ETC.
All kinds are cleaning: op and the market wil
soon be bare If the present demand continues. The
dull times seem to be over.
DKIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: .' • "-
Carload Apples, 1 1 ,-2'a2c V Ib for auar
terea, 2c for sliced and 4@l>/i<s lor evaporated :
Peaches. 2Vi(4>4c and 6c lor fancy; Apricots, 6 Wai
8c lor prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10$] lc "$
Ib for fancy Moorpark*- Figs, black, 2i ; cfor un
pressed; White' Figs, 4c In ■■firs' Pears, 7c ft
Ib for evaporated halves. 3V&(g>ttc %i It for quarters:
riTinri. 3@3Vi r : I'lumn, ;u.»c "3 Ib for pitted and
1 1 *.-<• for unpltted; Nectarines, 3i/2(£sc Vlb tor,
f 111111 to choice ami SV2 C for fancy. : \ '-■■,
JoKBINo Pricks— Evaporated Annies, 4@4 Vic
V' n»; sun-arlod.i ytfa'ic.-. Peaches. 2 V4<is4<- and s.'oi6c
fur fancy ; peeled in boxes. 11 12Ujc; Prunes, 4c
I for four sizes, 5@5%c for 40®50's and 4^<g>sc
, for 50(0.60':): Apricots. 6%<a9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c fl tb for evapor
ated halves and 4@7%c for quarters; I*l" rns,
3y,@4c for pitted and lca»lV2C for unplug; Nec
tarines. 4@sc f» Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, fob San Francisco : Four
crown, loose. 83,4 c V Ib: 3-crown, loose, 2 %c: 2
j . crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3V @3%c: seedless
i Muscatels, 2%@2»ic: three-crown London layers
7()c ia box: clusters. «1 36®1 50; Dehesa clusters.
$2 10@2 25; imperial clusters. $2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, $ tb.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%c: 3
crown, 23/4@3c; 2-crown. >%•s£& Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c %* Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, *2 75:
Dried Grapes, ,
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab'e at 9@llc V Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c ** Ib for paper-shell. Job
| bing lots: Almonds, 6@7 1 ->c lb for Languedoc
I and B%(saoc for paper-shelirJobblng:Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4y,@5%c for CiUifornla: Hick
ory Nuts. s@6c; Pecans 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts. 9@loc *
Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 60(a)5 a 100.
HONEY-Comb is quotable at 10@12c &> for
bright and B@9c » tt> for lower grades: water
white extracted. 6(<£siAc • Ib; Ugnt amber ex
tracted, 4%§»4aic: dark amber. 4c; dark, 2@3C.
BEES\VaX--6@27%c f* »>■
PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c Ih for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c i* Ib for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c %» Ib for sugar-cured : Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c "$ ib:
Mess Beef, $7 60m 8- extra mess do, $8 50@9; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9: extra
clear, 814 bbl: mess, $12 * bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c «k tb. ...1.,. ;.,
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6%c V Ib
for compound and 6^4c for pure; pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6%c lor compound and b%c for
pure: half-bbls, 6V*@B%c; 10- Ib tins, 7y*c; do 5-tb,
' COTTOLENE— 6y 4c@6%4 c@6% in tierces and 7@7%c
COTTOLENE-6y 4 c@6JA in tierces and 7@7a/ 8 c
i* lb in 10-Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at 7c i* Ib; culls and brands, 6c %i Ib;
medium. 6c $ Ib: culls and brands, sc: light,
sc; culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5(J£5y 2 c % Ib;
culls and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip, 6c ¥ Ib;
salted Calf. 7c; salted Veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c 9 tb: dry Kip and Veal,
B@9c; runs, 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
sicins. 20(g;35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, 15@25c; winter, 10@16c;
bheepskins. shearlings, 10@15c each: short wool.
2O@3sceach; medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of ail kinds about J/ 2 c less.
TALLOW— .No. 1, rendered, 3%(53%c; No. 2,
3c: refined, sy~@s»4c: Grease. 2%c I* tb.
Wool We "quote Spring Nevada, (3@9c %> tb:
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 'i@Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, iVi^V^c: northern free, 7
@9c; do, defective, 600 We 't^ tt,.
HOPS— We quote nominally l%@3c f* Ib.
GENERAL 31 EKtJHANOISE.
BAOR-Calcntta Grain Bags, spot. $4 15@4 20;
July delivery, $4 35; San Quentin, $1 20;
Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 "$ ton: New Wellington,
$8 * ton: Soutnneld Wellington, «7 50 ton;
Seattle. *5-a5 60; Bryant. $5: Coos Bay. $4 80;
Wallsend. $3 50; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
$7 60; Coke, »10 50 in bulk and $12 50 $ ton in
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6*40: Dry Granulated, s";ic;
Confectioners' A, 66gc; Magnolia A. 5V»f. Extra
C, 6c: Golden C, 4'VsC: half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes / c more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbla, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
* gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates . for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s<as%e; second do, 4%@
4* 4 c; third do, 3%!54c > "Ib.
VEAL— Large, sta6c; small, 637 c tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes. 4%@5c
V tb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 6@6%c V Tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, S@3V4C > Ib for large and
S3/ H r<s3%c for small and medium : dressed do, 4%
@!>%c V ID.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
nonr. ar. 1*. 212 Haj-, tons. 204
Oregon 3,670 Butter, ctls 824
Wheat- ctls 11,496 Cheese, ctls. 329
Oregon £33' Eggs, doi 11,700
Barley, ctU 10,887jUide», no 295
Oats, ctls. 460 0d1». .„,..... 295
Oregon 425 Wool, bi5.......... 70
Beans, ska. 2,061 Wine, gals 52,200
Potato**, ik*....... 3J7 Lumber. M feet... BO
Oregon 6,B l6' Lime, bbls «. 120
Onion*, ska Chicory, bbla :u
Br»n, nu. „ 4,S9S'Tallow. ctls 93.
Oregon. 1,670 Quick-silver, flasCs 212
Middlings, 5ka..... 295' '
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Shares Affected by Unconfirmed
Rumors.
Rumors ot new ore strikes in Hale A Norcross,
Chollar and Gould »t Curry ground on the Bruns
wick lode gave the mining stock market another
stimulus yesterday morning, but the Improvement
in prices wa-s not very sharp, at the rumors were
not confirmed. Gould <£ Curry showed most im
provenieut. soiling up to $2 25 on the noon in
formal session: Unit- it Xorcross touching $2 50
and Chollar 93.
Hi! ;ti«' afternoon call the feeling was weaker
and the leading stocks dropped back under de
creased trading.
Trie close was si ill lower.
The official report from the Occidental Consodl
datod mine for the past week is as follows: 550
level— The east crosscut from this lavel has been
advanced during the week 28 feet. 650 level-
West, crosscut 2, which- was started 20 fleet
south of the winze station. Is now 256 feet, and the
formation is shelly porphyry, extended daring the
week 40 feet, 750 level— The south drift follow
ing i hi- foot wall is now in 35 feet; advanced dur
ing the »■«•![ 17 feet; face in quartz and porphyry
assaying $10 per ion In gold. The north drift fol
lowing the banging wall of the streak has been ad
vanced 20 feet: total length 41 feet: face in good
ore. The east crosscut from the south drift above
mentioned was extended during the week 8 feet in
vein matter. The east crosscut from the north
drift was advanced 6 feet and stopped, having got
through the ledge. -.
" The Virginia Chronicle says: "Karly Monday
morning. Superintendent Kervin visited the Bruns
wick lode and gave orders to begin the work of
outline out a station on the. 300 level of incline
1. Adrift will be run* from the station to tap
the ledge of ore recently discovered 011 the 200
level In Chollar ground. This drift will be started
as soon a.i the station is completed. It is believed
that the ore found above will extend down to the
300 level. No work will be done for the present in
the face of the south drift, on the 200 level, where
the strike was made. Crosscutting from the Gould
<fc Curry tunnel on the Brunswick lode will be be
gun at once also. The situation On the Brunswick
continues very hopeful. It was reported to-day
that an Improvement had occurred In Hale A Nor
cross, but it whs not verified. "
The Central Eureka Mining Company of Ama
dor county has levied an assessment of 3 cents
per share, delinquent Jane 22.
The Savage official report, received yesterday,
states that seventy carloads of ore, averaging
$64 31 per ton, were hoisted from the new develop
ment on the 850 level of the old mine during the
week .
BOAKD SALES.
Following were th« sale-* la ins Saa PntnclM*
tocx Board yesterday: '
BKon.AR MoßxiN-f, sfshion- mMHRXCISn 9:30.
100 Aloha 100 Challne. -M 100 Julia 32 '
100 All*. 12 100.. 63 200 tb i
100 Andes 45' 60 61M460 Mxicn.l.oo I
300 8e1cner...79 200 Con NY. 16 iO Occidtl..l.«s i
200 80.350 CCfcV...3.30 ! 400 Ophir. ,
100 78 ! 150 .. ......3.36 630 .2.20 I
300 ~..77|250 . .3.40 Overman. 2l
250 B <fc H.. 1.801 20 .. .»....3.2661K) Potosl ..1.50
550 1.91)200 C0nn.. ..1.50 650 ..:.. 1.45
100 I.BsSOOCnvnFt..Boj23ooSavagel.tiO
400 Bodie «l 500 . .BrlooSegß .. . 22
100 6: 1300 Kschqr..lO 400 SNev... 1.25 |
50 67 1 100 C.I.SM' 300 Union. ..1.10
100 6;. _-oo 1.85 100 Utah 25
700 8u11i0n.. .8.' 500 . ...1.9.V10U ... IS
600 8u1wer...45 1100 H&N.. 2.50 200 -....22 I
700 Chollar.2.M 100 Justice. ..l 4 V Jck1....70 |
200 ..2.90 I «...
AriKßSoos skssion— 2: 30. .-r,
500 Alpha 24.1350 Uh011ar2.70,150 Occdtl... 1.90
50 2&300C0fcV...3.20 750 0ph1r....2.15 ]
200 Alia 12100 ..: .. 3.25700 P0t051...1.40 !
300 Andes.... Jti 60 Conn... 1. 4 5 ! 1800 Savage 1.50
450 47 350 C Point... .........1.45 I
200 Belcher.. .7o'soo Excnqr...ll 200 Se*r 8e1.. .23
1000 73 ll(!0 & C.1.95550S New. 1.25
-00 72. DO ; 2.00260 1.30
300 B A 8.. 1.75 1100 HA^..2.3t »0» Uni0n. .1.06
850 1.70 «1.25 100 Utah 24
600 Bullion. ..38200 Kentuck..O7 800 V Jackt..7l
200 8u1wer....4:< 1500 Mex... 1.00,600 70
100 Cha11nc... 551200 Mono 141
.Following were tne sates la the Pacltto Stoc*
*o«rd yesterday:
KEOt't.AR 6ESSTOJT— IO:3II.
100 Alpha 24 250 CCV.3.32Vi 1600 Mex...1.05
1000 25 300 ...3.30 400 ........1.07V4
400 Alia 11 20') ......... .3.36 500 ...... 1.00
400 Andes. 500 Con 1m. .. 04300 0cc1d.... 1.90
300 50,150 C Y....16ia100 0ph1r..2.25
500 45 200 Ft.,.73250 2.20
100 8e1cher... 75 .....\. .75200 ....... 2.221A
600 so 100 .'.'.'. 78100 ......2.27V,
400 ...........74 50 ........ ..;. 70400 0vrmn... .21
100 848....1.60 i4OOExchqr..lO7O'J P0t0ji..1.60
600 1.65 400 0 A U.. 1.70,1300 ........1.55
100 .........1.75400 .........1.76300 ..r.-:l.4iU^
HOO J.M) 100 I.WO 1250 "savasel.sO
600 1.851800 1.852050 :....... 1.65
1500 .........1.9U550 „.. 1.901700 ....:... 1.60
400 .1.1)5800 1.951100 ........I.HS
50 80die. ....70 1160 ........ 2.00H00.*..\....1.67Vi
100 Bullion... 100 2.05 200 58<fcM....24
200 .. 3.' 350 H&N ...2.35;200 .......... .22
100 ...;...... .33 700 .........2.40 800 S Nev.;1.25
600 Ca1eda...,14 250 2.421,0 600 1.271,3
400 Chalige... sil noo 2.45 .00 811 Hill. ...U.">
400 Chollar. 2.85 100 2.30100 Union*. . 1.20
1550 ...... 2.9 J 700 2.513 50 .........1.16
100 :....2.b0;i00 2.47V 2 1 50.:.:..:i.i2M|
100 2.95200 Justice. .'..ls 200 Utah. 2o
100 3.00100 ...;..ltt*oo YJaCKet..«7
100 2.90 1000 .;....;.. .13200 ....... .....70
50 •••■'lyj BO Mexcan..99loO ............74
100 C0nn... .1.60,1200 I.o2V'a|loo 73
-•.'.-■ AFTKRxooN »ra»ir>N-~-J:3O.
-uu Ainna 100 O A C....2% 100 0cc1dt1..1.86
..«S 1 , 1 *- 12 1800 1.90 600 0ph1r.... 2.15
200 B ,' chr 73850 1.85 400 VV»
1100 B«fc 8.1.70 300 :. .1% 1200Potoai. 1.40
200 .......1.67% 200 1.921,2200 ... 1%
«°J} • 1.65 «00 1.96 200....... 1.3&
.-,* 1.60 700 1.80::ti0 .........1.30
kIS ""-,- -- 1 - 55 Ho ° H * N .-..2.30 800 Bavage..l.sO
sP,{{ Bodie... -.8011700 2.26 100 ..... .1.47%
200 Bullion... 30 300 2.27% 1000 1.45
200 ..... 31 300 2.20 160 1.42%
;t"JJ IJu 'wer....4s 200 :.. 2.16 200 ..........1.40
200 tbUn e...s4 200 ...... .... 8 200 Scorpion. 08
650Cn0uar..2.70 300 Kentuck.. 10 400 58& M....22
i52-i;V 2.65 200 L Wa5h... 06250 9 Nev.:1.20
200 CC&V...3.26 500 Mxcan. 1.00 100 ...... 1.25
TS2.V- 3.20400 ......... 99 100 1.2.'«.
f, c Point.. 78 200 Mono 15 500 8 Hill Oo
fOO--.- 200 0ccdt1.. .1.90*200 Union.. 1.05
100 G^c^ioo, ••••••• 1 - 9 'f^i 2oo V Jaoket..69
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 20- 4 P. m.
f Jpha Coa.. M 22 24 Jackson... ...« 40 -
Alt * ~ 11 12JnUa. ........ 22 23
*" a « - 45 47 Jn«ae»....U!l. 15 17
£ elc! i«. 70 72Bentu«w... 06 10
B«K*B«ich«.l.so 1.55 Lady Wart 05 07
gg 0 * 1 * v - 75 80 Mexican _ 99 1.06
BentonCon.... — .-to Mono .„ —' 13
5, n " 10 «» - 32 33 NcvadaU'aera. - 05
Bulwr«r m 40 -Occidental 1.85 1.90
talodonia 14 16 Ophir ..;...._ 2.10 2.15
tioll » '-'-60 2.65 overman ..._ 18 21
J.2 n 'i. Cat * V *- ' 16 3.2s'potoai 1.30 1.35
Challenge Con. 54 56 haw 1.35 1.40
On V.i mDan<ll - 03 «4.beg. Bilchar... 21 23
ConfWeno;. — 1.40 -Scorpion - 08
Con.New Yorr. 14 —Syndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 73 76 silver Hill 03 05
tastSi.rraSU* — 06 Sierra •**!*, 1.16 1.20
r XC l r —« 10 12' Union CO« 98 1.00
I.OU1U& Curry. 1.80 1.85 Utah...... 22 24
ttai**£iorcn.2.l6 2.20, Yellow JaoKtt. 70 72
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
300Amalle 2 05|500 Lockwood Con.. 84
20« •• 2 10200 .................. 35
Champion , providence
B 'd 26 00 Asked 80 00
Asked. 30 00 100 Savannah 39
600 fcdna 60200 40
300 •-• - 51400 42
100 Grant. 16300 Sebastopol 60
100. ..... 15200. .......... 63
Kennedy 100... „ 62
Asked ....1100100......... 54
_■■ - Keystone. 100 „.- 65
Bld 65 00 200 Thorpe 75
LOCAL SKCUBITIK3.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1350 00
Asked 100 Atlas Irou Works 95
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water .'. 7 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 20 2 r. v.
rviTi i> «r*Td Boar na.
£i<f. Atkea. . Bid. A>*a4
84500ap.109V411l Bit re ... 1097£ -
Do, new is... 117 —
MisCKi.i.AVKm-H n'lN-rn.
Calnitrt>l«ss. •- 113 (Do. 2d Iss Bs. — —
CalEleoLSs. — 123% P4O Ry 6s. 105 130
CntraCW6* 96% 98 iP&ChRrSs. - 107
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 »5 Pwl-Bt.Rßftt. — 118 Vi
£<UnL<kP Os. — 122% Reno. WL<iL - 105
FACH.RR6«.IO4y 3 - RiverW Co 9« - 100
t>MUT-stßss.lO2y 3 105 l^actoP A L - 102%
LosAnzLSs. - 103 (bFANPRRBiIOIVaIOaVa
Do.Unted.tJ9. - 103 t)PRRArIz6i - 98V*
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - bPRRCaI6m_ 108%11l
DoßyConss.. s lO6 JhPilK Cal&a- - —
NevCN?R7s. 95 105 Bi'BrßCa!6* 99 101
N PCRR99. - 108 6VWMer6s,.Uß%llß«fe
NHrCal6«.lo3 105 bVWater4s_ — 99Va
KRyCalSs. — 100 btkmo&EtJi — 101
OakGaa 55..100 — t-unstT&TSs. 100 —
Do. 2d las 6s. 10 4 - Suuer-5tK55.107% —
Omnibus 65.. 119y 2 11934 VlsalUWCd* — Vi
PacKolLMOs.. — — '
f»T»R STOCK*.
Contra Cost* 38% 40%! San Jose.... 75 100
MarinCo.... to - ibprtngValUar 98% »9
UMT KTOCK*.
Capital. — 36 Pacific Light. 46% 47%
Central 95 — ! Ban * ranoaoo 913/; 92Va
DUtGUa 62V* 52% Stockton..... — aiv*
tacUaalmn, »6 87 | .
jftX/ji) INSUKAXCie >OIC».
rirao:ansFd.l6C% — l**un \\ " -:."' :
.. . ' COMSIJ.«m*I. BANK STI~K«-
Atccrß&TG. — — >LoadonP.fcA. 128 V* 129
Anglo-Cal... 513,1 — ! LondoniaiT. — 27%
Bank of CaL.237%242% Mercn Ex».. 12 —
CaISDATCOk. 5.11,4 — Nevada... — —
FlrstNaUonLl7B 182 y KaiU«r 800. - —
wrangen.... — — I :
,•;■..'; varan rank RT.TCK*.
RerS*LCo..l42o 15G0 HnvAl.oaa.. - 100
Hnmba&L.llOO 14.VJ Security....^ — 260
Mutual — 40 Union £ruaL73o bOO
kit isavUnlon — 486 |
STRKKT lUILROAD STOCK*.
California.... — 110 oftk.«<L4£lA7 — 100
Ge&ry-st — 65 Presidio...-. 6 7%
Uarlcetrat.., 44;' 45% Suttar-*; . - -
.. .'i -' 1 .. «i IT'CKL
Atlantic D... 16% — 1ud50n.....^. — —•;
Eastern D... — 90 Slant. ....... 22% 23
California.... 75 105 VigonL...... 70c 80c
/>*/ i . 111-'. >li ».\mr< rTorK*. ■ ' i'-T-' -■'■»
Alaska 96%100 iOc«anlc33Co ' — 26%
BlkPCoalOo. — 10 PacAnxFA.. 1 ' _
CalCotMUls.. — — lac Borax. 98 100
CaJDrvDock. — • — Pacl«No& — 80
JCdltonLliht 11.3 - 4 l]7Vi Pac Roll MUM — i< — &
GasConAsso. — — iParfPalntCo. 6% 7%
GerXeadCo. 85 — ; PacTransCat — in
HawCAHCo- 1834 19 |PacT4TOa 55 70
I HntchSPCa. 24% .51 4 r-unSfUMl'.. 41 - —
! JncUonMfgU — — I United CO*. — lib "
•UrKxAssalOO 110 I
*!■'•'■,," SALES— MORN 1N"O (SESSION.
', Board—
• 10 Edison Light A Power Co 117 25 ■
0 Hawaiian Commercial ....;... 18 50
' 50 Hutchlnson S P Co. 24 25
■10 Presidio ß R.. ....:..... 700
f 5000 8F & N V Railway 80nd5........ 102 00 :
$3000 :do do ..:.............. 101 57%
75SVWater 89 00
j -Street—
20 Giant Powder Con . 23 00
3000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5...... ....... 119 «2%
■.'■,. 6ALKS-AFTIH.VOOS BMSIOH • ' •
. 'Board— • ,- ' <t ■
, 10 Giant Powder Con .'..-.: 33 00
30 Hawaiian Commercial ." 18 60
lOOVigorit P0wder..........;...:........ 75
60 Uutchlnson 5PC0.... .•.-..-. 2-4 75
100 »do do • ;..-...... 25 00
60 \t.arket-st Railway .•...'...„ . 46 00
$ 1000 Northern R'lway of Cal 6% Honda 103 00
■ 5 Oakland Gas 62 50
16 S.V Water 99 00
60 do do .....;.., 98 87%
Street—
20 Oakland Gas 62 50
Shakenpeare a Mason.
Dr. Orville \V. Owen of Detroit has sent
out a little book addressed to the Masonic
fraternity, in which he says: "In deciph
ering the Shakespearian plays (1623 folio
edition) and other works of Bacon, for the
preparation of 'Sir Francis Bacon's Cipher
Story,' I have found unmistakable evi
dence that the author of them was not
only a Mason of high degree, but that he
placea in the plays a large portion of the
Masonic ritual. Believing this to be of the
greatest interest and importance to the
brotherhood the following parts of the
plays, with the places from which they
come, are now given to the order. Under
standing fully the obligations under which
I rest as a Mason (of the seventh degree),
I have taken pains to hide the work that
none but the brethren will understand.
Francis Bacon, the author of the plays,
was a Master Mason, and claims to have
been grand master of the Orient and a
Rosicrucian knicht, and hidden within
his works are directions by which it is not
; difficult to travel into Illyria."
The Brilliant Idiot.
It was on the 5 o'clock accommodation
on the Boston and Maine. He was a green
brakeman — greener than grass at this time
of year— and It was his first run over the
road. At Somerville he woke old Spette
grew out of his every-afternoon nap by
announcing "Chelsea!" and a little later,
when they stopped at East Everett, he
paralyzed old lady Petti John by proclaim
ing "Prides Crossing!" But the climax
was reached when the train arrived in
Lynn.
When the veteran brake-twister on the
front platform threw open the door with a
bang, and, with a familiarity born of years
of experience, rattled off, "Lynn! Lynn!
Change cars for East Lynn, Swampscott,
Phillips Beacn, Beach Bluff, Clifton,
Devereaux and Marblehead ! Lynn!
Lynn!" the brilliant idiot on the rear "plat
form Doked his heaa in the other door and
shouted, "Same here!" — From the "Edi
tor's Drawer" of Harper's Magazine.
THE CALL CALENDAR
Sm.
Mo.
Tu.l
W. Th.
6 7
13 14
20 21
27 28
Fr.
5,..
Moon's Phases.
1
' 2 ' ! -^ ~^
- I {f\L&ai Quarter.
-r- !^V ■: May 4.
..9, —_ ——____
~—~, A New Moon.
16 ' H3? May 12.
h—
»
4
5
8
h~
ilO
11
12
15
17
18
19
22 j
23 j First Quart eri
<JJ^ May 19.
30 -, —
,GV Full Moon.
... ; \V£J May 26.
24
2fi
26
29
— — '
5!
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
:. :/ Bbanch H ymioobaphic Ovricsm, TJ. S. N. ■»
.- f J B eft- ij MKBCHASTS 1 EXCHANaC . - - '•>•■
.'■_-• •■'•■• San Francisco. May 20. 1890. )'
The lime ball on lelegrapn HUi was drooped
exacUy at noon to-day-1. c., at noon of the 130 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. *.. Greenwich Urn*.
v •',■•'• J : A. F. Fechtilih. . ■
..'•',':, ' - Lieutenant U. 8. N.. In charge. !
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTEAMKR
I DESTINATION", |
SAILS.
j PIER.
**°-- - i «-'«>• M»t ;May2l.lUAM|lierl3
fc»ni»Kom».. c*n vieza ! May2l.llAM ' Pier 11
Arcaca ; Oregon ports.. May2l, 9am Pier 24
P0m0na..... ' Humboldtliay i Mny'2l. 2pm 1 Pier 4
▲ Blanchart: Oregon ports.. May 22. SPM5 PM j Pier 13
Del .None .. Urars Haroor: May 22. spm
Btat«of C»i 1 1'0rt1anc1. ...... !.Ma.v23.IOAM! .Ma.v23.IOAM Pier 24
? *••<»- NewDOrt Mnv23. 9am Pier 11
ADatnOla.... Honolulu... i.. May23.lOAM Oceanic
Karaliou 1 aanlna Bar.. May 24 9am ! tier 2
WaHa Walla j Vie * Pgt Sna i Maj-24. 9am Pier 9
C0r0na...... ! San Die .... , Alay26,llAM '■ Pier 1 1
Weeott Eel River !.May27. »am Pier 13
"no' I Grays Harbor. , May 27,12 m Pier 'I
EoMka.... INiWDor. May 27. Ham Pier 1 1
Columbia.;. Portland May2B.IOAM : Pier 24
City Sydney • Panama....... !Mav2S.l2 m P MSP
Monowai... Sydney j May2B. 2pm Oceanic
Belßic iChina&Japan Mavis, Bpm P MSS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stkamkb I
Kroic
I »UB
DelKorte Grays Haroor
StPaul (Newport. „ -
rarallon ....... , Yaauina Bay -.. ...
Crwc«n»cny... 'Crescent mtr- . .. .
Corona San Diego.
Cuv. of Everett j Xanaimo
snnol Grays Harbor
Weeott. Eel River
Pomona. i Hum bow: Bay
polumbia 1 Portlana
Jrlzaba i Mexico
L'luatllla j -.'lcioßa * »ouna
Kareica -..Newport
Columbia I Portland
Arwto Coo« amy
Wasbtenaw Tacoma
Progressist Departure Bay
kowl. .... Ban Die«o-...
San Bias Panama
Peru 'China and Japan
Empire i Portlana
..May 91
..May 21
..May '22
..May 23
..May '23
..May -'4
..May 24
..May 24
..May 24
..May 25
..May 25
..May 25
..May 25
..May 25
..May 26
..May 20
..May 26
..May 27
..May 28
..May 28
. .May 28
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. 8. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tidm 1 )
BrrLLKTix Published by Official V
ACTHOKITY OF THIS SOPKBrNTKKDKNT. J
Thursday May 21.
Bunrlssa 4.53jM00n rises
Sunsets 7.20|M00n sets 1.19 am
ay —
896.
I 1122 Feet | 11211 Feet Time Feet I Ttme ! F«*t
£L \V . H\V LW| II W !
21| 0.57 1.71 6.56 i 4.0 12.46 0.81 7.84! 5.0
23 1.50 1.0 ! 8.10 4.2 1.38 1.2 8.10! 5.3
asj 2.45 0.2 P. 24 4.4 2.30 1.6; 8.46J 5.7
24| 3.39 -0.6 10.30 4.3 3.17 2.0 9.271 5.9
25 4.30 -1.1 1 11.33 4.4 4.01 2..1 10.08 6.0
26, 5.18-1.6 12.31 4.4 4.48 2.9 10.50 6.1
271 6.071-I.H 1.30 4.5 5.35 3.1i11.33' 5.9
Note— ln the above exposition of the tldns the
•arly morning tides ar<» given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second ttme
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
Charts, except when a mtnas sign (— > precedes the
heigh:, and then the number given is subtractlv*
from the depth eiven by the charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, May 20.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Downing. 68 hours from New
port ; produce, to Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 6014 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Br stinr Belgic, Kinder. 25Vj| days fm Hongkong,
via Yokohama 14 days, 16 hours 11 mm; pass and
nidse, to O A O S S Co.
Stmr Whitesboro, Jonnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood; rr lies and lumber. toL E White Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Qoodall, Perkins A Co.
Tug Fearlfl3s, Uaakell, 42 hours from Santa
Barbara with stmr Czarina in tow.
Stmr Czarina, Lapsley, 158 days from Pensacola.
via Rio de Janeiro, 91 days, via Valoaaaiso :>2
days, via Acapulco 24 days, via San Diego 8 days,
via Santa Barbara 42 hours ; 400 tons pig Iron, to
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Newark, Beck, 13 hours from Bowens
Landing, 143 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Schr Bessie" K. Anderson, 27 hours from Albion;
lumber, to J S Kimball.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. May 20.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, Portland; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Br stmr China, Seabury, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu ; PSISS Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins <v Co.
Hktn W H Dimond, Nllsen, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels <fe Bros Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, May 20.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. Eel River.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. Usal.
Br stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes.
Stmr Bonlta. Downing. Port Harford, etc,
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Tillamook Bay.
Stinr Navarro, Hardwick.
Simr Lagiina. Peterson, Westoort.
stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, Tacoma.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilsen, Honolulu.
fechr Sacramento, Goodmansen. Frankport
Schr ilary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Charters.
The Br ship Holt Hill Is chartered for wheat to
Liverpool direct, 22s 6d, an advance.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 20-10 p. x. -Weather
cloudy: wind W; velocity 10 miles.
Spoken.
Marie— Lat 49 N, long 5 W, Ocr bark Splca,
from Bremen for Honoiulu.
May s— Lat 11 N, long 27 W, Br ship Dominion,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports*
CASPAR— Arrived May 20— Schr Maxim, hence
May 16.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 18.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrtved May 19-9chr La
Gironde, from Redondo.
TATOOSH-Passed May 20-Stmr Albion, from
Seattle, for San Francisco May 19— Bark Gen
Fairchild, hence May 9, for Nanaimo.
NEHALEM— Arrived May 18-schr Conflanza,
hence May 7.
Sailed May 19— Schr Lizzie Prlen, for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 20— Stmr Alcazar
I hence May 19.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 19— Stmr National City,
for San Diego.
Arrived May 20— Schr Mary Buhne, hence May
13.
ALBlON— Sailed May 19— Sehr Bessie K. for
San Francisco.
TACOMA-Sailed May 20-Ger bark Khora«n,
for Queenstown.
PORT LOB ANGELES-Salled May 20-Stmr
West port.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 30— Schr Ly
man D Foster, from Shanghai.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 20— Stmr Jewel, fm
Caspar.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived May 30— Schr
Archie and Fontle, hence May 18.
Kastern Ports.
NEW YORK-Sailed May 19— Ship 8 T Hitch
cock, for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
BREMEN— HaiIed May 9— Ger bark Splca, for
Honolulu.
COLON— Arrived May 17— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 19— Br ship Lancas
ter Castle, hence Jan 5.
SYDNEY — Arrived May 15— Br ship Glenclova,
from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 13— Br stmr Gaelic,
hence Apr 26.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 4— Brship Glenogil,
for Royal ftoais.
PRA WLK POlNT— Passed May 18-Ger ship D
H Watjen, from Hull, for San Francisco.
Movements or Train- Atlantic Ste^inarg.
NEW YORK- Arrived May 20— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa. Naples and Gibraltar; stmr Anchona.
from Glasgow and Moville; stmr Trave, from
Bremen and Southampton.
sailed May 'JO-Htnr St Paul, from Southamp
ton: stmr Frieslaod, for Antwerp: stmr Teutonic,
for Liverpool; stmr California, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 20— Stmrs
\ Lahn and Paris.
Sailed May 20— Stmr Spree, for New York.
MOVlLLE— Arrived out May 20— Stmr Clrcas-
Bla.
QUEKNSTOWJJ— Arrived out May 20-Stmr
Germanic.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed May 20-Stmr Obdam
for New York.
LONDON— sailed May 20-Btmr Massachusetts
for New York.
LIZARD-Passed May 20-Stmr Werkendam.
from New York, for Rotterdam.
Importations.
SANTA CRUZ ISLAND— Per Santa Cru7,-665
sheep, 2 pkes mdse.
Lompoc— 49 pkgs mdse. 95 bxs butter, 43 hogs.
393 sks mustard, 131 sits beans, 7 sks abalone
shells.
Los Alamos— 7s bogs.
Zaca— 77 bogs.
San Simeon— l7B hogs.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 79 pkgs mdse, 38 tubs
2 kegs 85 bxs butter, 6000 shingles, 2 bbls mineral
■water, Scoops chickens, a pkgs paper. 102,099 ft
lumber, 1 pkg green hides, 10 pkgs express. 4 sks
coin.
E R and E Ry-25 pkgs mdse, 317 bxs 7 kegs 34
bxs bntter, 2 bbls 14 cs cider, 1 sk potatoes.
TACOMA— Per Walla Walla— 33 pkgs household
goods, 3 pkgs machinery, 19,917 ft lumber. 5 cs
wine,
1 acorna east of Fargo lumber.
Seattle— 29 bxs 1 car fish, 2cs hats. Ics hard
ware, 56 crates snlt meat, 926 bdls hides, 1 cs un
derwear, 1 bx books, 1 bdl molding. Scs fuse, 10
bbls 2H sks 28 crates meat, 1 keg 1 bx ink, 1 bx
B soorts, a cs clothing, 7 chests tea. 8 pkgs house
hold goods. 82 sks gluestock. 1 pkg twlue, 1 sk
switches. 16 hales skins. 2 bxs soap. 2 pkgs rugs,
7 cs syrup, 4Vi "bis suear, 701 tons coal, 2 pkgs
coin.
Tacoma west of Fargo- 1 organ, 1 bbl glassware,
1478 sks wheat, 2314 qr-sks flour.
Vancouver— sos bdls stnves.
Everett-800 bars bullion, 2 cs paper. 449 bdls
Foreign via Vancouver-200 pkgs whisky, 27 bit
green hides, 1 bdl pells.
Seattle via O N Ry-2 bxs steel, 1 bx machinery.
2 Dxs sad irons, 6 pkgs household goods, 616 bf
sks flour.
Port Townsend— 2 bbls coffee. 2 bbls brasa, 17
pkc.s metal. 7 sks junk. 1 cs clams, 59 sks bones. 1
cheat tea. 423 bbls salmon.
Mtka— 4 oxs bullion, 1 bdl cloth, 5 pkgs furni
ture.
Juneau— s sks ore, Ics hats. 2 bars bullion.
Victoria— 7 pkgs druijs. 2 pkgs mdse, 6 sks skins,
4 bales wool. 134 bdls hides. 12 ptgs household
goods, 2 sks coin.
CHINA AND JAPAN-Per 8e1g1c— 10,325 bags
rice and benns. 345(1 pkg* nulse. 218 pkes tea, 5
pkgs raw silk, 830 pkes oil, H9 2 pkgs curios, 175
baits coftVe, 42 pkgs spide. 6045 bags susar, 256
bales Kambier, 18 parcels 59 pkgs silk goods, 2606
roils matting.
Overland— 633 pkgs mdse, 5333 pitgs tea, 226
pkes ra-v silk. 216 pkesci'rios, 21 parcels 13 okgs
silk soocts. 77 rolls matting.
Central and Sou h America— l 76 pkgs mdse, 26
bags rice and beans. 36 pkgs silk goods.
Cuimiennes.
Per Pomona— Amer CarD Acid * Gas Co: Com
mercial Transfer Co: 0 X Whitney <fe Co; H Doyl«
A Co; Bricham. lloppo & Co: FBHaight: G A
Davis; Dodge, Sweeney <fcCo: Getz Bros A Co: C W
Smith: H Liebes & Co: Hills Bros: Kowalsky A Co;
Wleland Brewing Co: L D Stone * Co: Harry Unna
Co: Murphy, Grant & Co; Norton, Teller A Co; a
Crocker ft itros: O B Smith A Co: Ross A Hewlett:
Russ, Zanders & Co: Standard Oil Co; H M A S Co:
Wellman, Peck A Co: Wheaton, Breon A Co: C A
Hooper A Co: Till maun A Bendel; National Brew
ery i'o: W B sunnier A Co; Wells, Fargo A Co;
Lansley A Michaels: Dairymen's Union.
Per Santa Cruz— Santa Cruz Island Co; National
Brewery: Wif>nd Brewing Co; Standard Oil Co:
Baker A Hunnlto,! ; mils Bros: Smith'sCasa Store:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co, Hilmer. Rredhoff A Schnlz ;
Wheaton, Hreon .t Co; lietz Bros A Co; A Pallies:
X R Stevens A Co: Moore, Ferguson A Co; Chas
Tetzen ; Western Meat Co; J P Thomas; Southern
Pacific Milling Co.
Per belgic— M J Brandenstein &. Co; Owen
Burns A Co; C M Kelshaw: R li Bain: J O Bianch
ard: Barker Bros: Bank of British North Amerua;
California Furnishing Co: California and Japan
Trading Co; Japanese Consul: S L Jones & Co; C
W Jackson; Kron Tanning Co; Leland Stanford
University: Macondray Bros A Lockard : O T
Marsh A Co: Geo Marcus & Co; Parrott & Co; Wm
Roth; order: J C Selgfrled &Co; A Schilling* Co;
W A J Sloane A Co: ordor: C Solomon <t Co; V \
Wheeler: Wells, Fargo A Co: V J Tuska: s Tiika
bama; T Nettn: M Y'oshi: N Kikawa Kokusanshia
and various Chinese merchants-
Per Wa'h Walla— A M Tucker; Chus Klrkwell;
Dickens Lumber Co: G Hermann; Pacific Transfer
Co; The Geo II Tay Co: Schlessinger A Render;
H w WalKer: Robert Patterson: C .T Leist A Co:
Norton. Teller & Co: U W Walker; G W Howard:
Moore, Ferguson & Co: Pacific Ammonia and Gas
Works: F Hlllens ACo; JPThomas; staioater A
Co; White Bros: Stauffer & Co; Selby Smeltln? :inil
Lead Co; W G Richard3On; Getz Bros A Co: M A
Wortheimer; Get/. Bros A Co; Wells, Fargo A Co;
California Wine Association; F Chevalier: Sa<rhs
Bros .t Co: Wakefietd Rattan Co: L D Stove <fc Co:
Cahn, Niokelsburt; <fc Co: Cox Seed and Plant Co:
Buckingham, Hecht A Co: A mericun Tobacco < 'o:
Main A Winchester: J A McKeron; D G Wuldron;
C A Winslow ACo: L D Judkins; P Birwin A
Bros; Amer Carb Acid & Gas Co: Kohler A Chase;
Brown Bros A Co: American Union Fish Co: J L
Cook; A Paladinl: Fredericksburg Brewery: Ban
croft, Whitney A Co; Alaska Commercial Co; H J
Jenkins: California Chemical Works; Giant Pow
der Co; S H Frank A Co: M J Dooliu: .>chwartz <&
Co; General Electric Works; J W Ferguson; L
Cain: Royal Mill Co: H W Higgins A Co; George
Johnson; A (schilling A Co: Chas Harley A Co; G
A Montell: WA J Sloane ACo; N Oh;andt A Co;
Wellman, Peck &U; W A J Sloane A Co; Apolio
Consolidated Mining Co: U Levy A Co; A W C M
Co; San Francisco Chemical Works: Bank of Cali
fornia; Alaska Packers' Association; Alasl:a Com
mercial Co: II Waldeck <fc(o: \V A Gleason; W0»
Hinton: Oregon Imp Co; W B Sumner A Co: W P
Wheeler; Jacob Sehram: Yucca Soap Co: Arnold
Bros: Kowalsky A Co: E lvey; J H Hughes; Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Co; F S Purd: MJ
Brandenstein A Co: MilaniA Co; Neville A Co; M
Dunn: Schlessinger A Co. .
OCKAS STEAMSHIPS:
ASTORIA ANIPOSTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Etate of California sails. May 23 and June 2
Columbia sails ......*. May 18 and 28
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODaLL, PERKINS & CO.. G«nl. Supts.
i\ F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
37"lx**wt Clea-issi &0.00
Second Claes-.-^S-OO
Meals and berth Included."
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
General Aeerus.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jfefl*
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -SsSflSt
follows :
For Mary Island, Lorlnic. WrangeU Juneau. KU-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), a; V a. m., May 14,
29, June 3, 13, 18. 28,
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
What com (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4, 9. 14, If*, 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting lat Vancouver with
| the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port 1 ownsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (flam-
fcoldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. if.. May 1, 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3,. 7. 11. 16, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo«
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
.*. M.. May 1. 5. 9. ■ 13, 17, 21. 25. 29 ana
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. if., June 1, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
at it.
Tit-set office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGME GEKERAL TRAISATLUTiqUB
French Line to Havre.
noMPAXY'SI'IER (SEW). 42 NORTH JP^-TK
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by g3jflji)|g
this line avoid both transit by English railway ana
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. . New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris.
tirst-cias3sl6o: second-class, 91 Id •'■
LA TOURAINE. Capt. Santelli.. . May 23, Ba. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23. 8 a. M.
LA GASCOGNE June 20, 7 am.
LA .NUHMA.MiU .....July 4. 6 a. si.
LA GA!-CO«NE July 25. 11 a. m.
LA XORMANDIR August 1, 5 a. M.
LA BOTJRGOGNE. Capt. l*bneuf. .Tune 6, 7 a.m.
tgr For further particulars apply to
ii - :„-- A. FORGET, Agent,
. - «,t,^ Na 3 Bow ln = Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ -days TO
HAWAII. > SAMOA, LI HONOLULU
: NEW ZEALAND, Hi •*
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
- day. May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. M>NO\VAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 2 a
at 2 p. m.
IJnetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agts..
114 Montgomery *.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
«^vK HAMBDM-IMERICAI USE
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
<eCT "r** a ; irs* c - - Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), ChTbourg, Paris A Hamburg.
F. Bismarck May 28 I Normannia June 11
Columbia. June 4 I A. Victoria. June 18
I. Cabin, $95 and upward; 11. Cabin, $60 and $75.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4^ h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
"For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V.. or to Local Agents.
I ROYAL MAII STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
i STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALI, /flffW
O fortnlghtly for the West Indies and mSSM
• Boutbampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
! Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
raclnc Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight > and traa»
are to direct ports In En£!and and Germany.
: Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. .First class, $195; thlH
" — oft? Mi For further particulars apply to
PABROTT A CO., Agents.
- 306 California C*.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 P. ML. Daily.
Sunday at 7 I*. M.
t&- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMKKS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 806. Cai. Nay. and lmpt. Co,
FALLEJO, MIRK BLAI&, BE\ICIA, POET
COSTA aid CROGRETT.
STB. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a, m,
and * F. it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. »i
m . Sunday— B p. it. "'
Hr.a. only. . ■ >-. ■ - - • • i
Landing, &Ii«8ion 1, PUr «*PSYCHOLOGISTS
GO AFTER YOUNG.
Declare They Will Restore
Mrs. Lieutenant Lasher's
Memory.
ON THE MESSIAH'S TRAIL
Said to Be the Mesmerist of a
Very Nervous Young
Woman.
AN AGENT VISITS THE WIFE.
Within One Month It Is Said She
Will Hate the Sight of
Young.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 20. )
Mrs. Lasher, wife of Lieutenant Lasher
of the United States steamship Adams,
whose remarkable career has recently at
tracted so much attention, was visited to
day by a representativeof a San Francisco
psychical society, who declares that she
can entirely restore Mrs. Lasher's reason
and can exercise such an effect on her that
the unfortunate woman will r.ever want to
see or hear Rev. F. F. Young again.
When Mrs. Lesinzsky, the woman whose
mission it is to restore Mrs. Lasher's rt a
son, arrived at the house she was hardly
1 repared for what she saw. The elegantly
furnished drawing-room of the cozy Dome
in which Lieutenant Lasher installed his
attractive wife with ncr children has been
crowded with dilapidated desks and a big
Unckboard dangles by a rope from the
walL
In explaining her methods Mrs. Lesinz-
Fky said : "This man Young is but a type
of man}' whose influence we have de
stroyed. We act solely by the lis?ht of the
word of God and claim that our calm ar
guments, which are the result of many
years of deliberate study, will convince a
victim and turn tLei: minds entirely from
their hulucmation.
"I have thoroughly studied the case of
Mrs. Lasher and can sympathize with her
as only a mother can. She is still young
in intellect, or that man wou:d never have
induced her to throw over her mother and
sister and open her home to him. He
calls himself a Messiah, and if she should
be sent to a lunatic asylum she would be
driven crazy. I shall reason with her and
shall treat with her sympathetically.
"I shall rrake her think just as I think
and want to do just as I would want to do
under the circumstances. Young is noth
ing more or less than a criminal lunatic.
The poor woman believes that she is doing
the Lord's will, because she is doing as
Youne has told her. She is a very ner
vous woman and needs the personal care
of a husband. So far as mental influence
is concerned Young has occupied the hus
band's place, but we will throw down
his pretensions to Mes-iabship in that
young woman's mind before a month
passes." . ....... . . . .:-
The San Francisco representative crossed
the bay after her visit and intends to re
peat the dose until a cure shall have been
effected.
In the meantime Young is again in
stalled in the Lasher household. The
neighbors say that he is in more danger of
personal castration than he is aware of.
There is a spirit of great indignation man
ifested, and at any hour there is likely to
be a new development to the Fruitvale
sensation.
'•Tnis is my home, and thereforei t is
Christ's home," is Mrs. Lasher's latest
apology for the "Messiah." "It is a school
of Chnst. 1 put my mother ana sister out
and I will have no mure to do with them.
My mother only wants to share my hus
band's income. She is seventeen years
older than lam and she is trying to win
him away from me."
. Youne has a printing-press in the base
ment, and his tracts are said to be doselv
allied in spirit with those of Thomas Lake
Harris.
SECOND BENCHSHOW OPEN
The Numerous Exhibits Fill
Both Annex and Taber
nacle.
Dogs of High Degree, Low Degree
and of All Intermediate De
grees on Hand.
Oaklawd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 20. f
The second bench show of the Alameda
County Sportsmen's Association opened
to-day at the Tabernacle.
The dogs occupy both the annex and
the main building and make a much bet
ter showing than last year, although the
first exhibition was admitted to be very
fine. Many local fanciers have entered
their pets and it would be difficult to
name a breed that is not represented.
Messrs. Prather and Miiler have their
Pastime cocker spaniel hounds on exhibi
tion, in all seven prize dogs, one of whom.
Wood lawn Duke, is the recognized leader
of his class.
Dr. D'Evclyn's prize kennel of wire
haired English fox-terriers are also there.
These dogs have been in every bench show
in the country during the past year.
One of them. Dudley Stroller, has taken
the first prize wherever exhibited. There
are also trained dogs on exhibition, and
the attendance on the opening day was
iargf.
The following awards have been made:
Mastiff*, open, dogs— Karl, owner Albert
Button, San Francisco, first; Major, owner
George Weinman, Hun Francisco, second; Mack,
owner Mrs. H. A. Chapman. Oakland, third.
Bitches— owner Mrs. J. P. Norman, San
Francisco, first; Baby Ruth, owner John
Staude. second ; Bess 11, owner M. D. Garrett,
third.
Rough-coated St. Bernard challenge," dogs-
Grand Master, owner T. H. Brown, ban Fran
cisco, first; Champion California Bernardo,
owner J. G. Earker, San Francisco, second.
Rough-coated St. Bernards, open, — Tam
many, owner Harry E. Corbett, San Fran
cisco, first; Roxie Savage Taylor, owner Dr.
A. M. Taylor, Oakland, second.
Bitches— Lola, owner 11. A. Barkelew. Oak
land, first; Victoria Alton, owner E. 8. Lo?an,
Holllster, second; May Queen, owner T S.
McGinley, Oakland, third.
St. Bernards, novices, dogs— Roxie Savage
Taylor, owner A. M. Taylor, Oakland, first;
Teddy B, owner F. H. Bushnell.San Francisco,
second ; Le Prince Jr.. owner same, third. .
Bitches — .Nellie Queen of Wasatch, owner
C A. Parker, San Jose.
Rough-coated St. Bernards, dog puppies—
Melrose 11, owner VV. R. Murphy, Los Angeles,
first.
Bitch puppies — Lady Chrlstotsel, owner Miss
McGanney, .Sinartsvlllc, second.
Smooth-coated St. Bernards, open, dogs —
Teddy B, owner F. H. Hushncll, San Francisco.
firs:; Hector of Havensteln, owner F. Frey,
Kan Francisco, second; Lc Prince Jr., owner
1". H. Bushnell, San Francisco, third.
Bitches— of Navarre, owner T. H.
Brown, San Francisco, first; Caesar, owner
Mifs Eva Grafton I.okens, Oakland, second.
Puppies, bitches— Monica, owcejC T. S. M<-
Ginky, East Oakland, liret; Dora Solyand, 1
owner Walter Titcomb, West Berkeley, second.
Groat Danes, open, dogs— lvan, owner J. L.
Cunningham, San Francisco, first; Jaun, owner
same, second; Tiger, owner 11. 11. Beck, San
Francisco, third.
Bitches— Juanita, owner J. L. Cunningham,
San Francisco, first; Tuxie, owner Mrs. C. J.
Lutgen, Pcralta P. 0.. second; Queen C, owner
J. L. Cunningham, San Francisco, third.
Puppy dogs— lvan, owner J. L. Cunningham,
San Francisco, first ; Jaun, owner fame, second; |
Hector, owner Louis Schwabacker, San Fran
cisco, third.
Bitches— Juanita, owner J. L. Cunningham,
San Francisco, first.
Bloodhounds, open, dogs— Buckshot ll,«wn
er A. K. Culver, Mot;, first.
Puppy dogs— Buckshot 11, owner same as
above, first.
Foxhounds, challenge dogs— Paddy, owner
F. W. Sanderson, San Francisco, first.
Same, open, dogs— (leneral Moltke, owner
Mrs. p. Mosegaard, Haywarda, first; BaMy,
owner Leslie Simson, Mills College P. 0.,
second.
Bitches— Butte, owner A. 11. Merritt, San
Francisco, first; Bell, owner Herman Gaus
berßer, San Lorenzo, second; Queen C, owner
A. W. Combs, San Francisco, third.
Puppy dogs— Brilliant, owner Herman Gans
berger, san Lorenzo, first. ~
Puppy pitches— Thelma, P. Mosegaara; Hay
wards, hrst.
Deerhounds, open dogs, Derby, owner Dr. W.
F. Mi'NiUt. San Francisco, first.
Greyhounds, open, bitches, White Cloud,
owner SI. W. Kerrigan, Ocean View, first.
Newfoundlands, challenge, dogs, Nero,
owner E. L. Christian, San Francisco, first;
Rover, owner Humboldt kennels, San Francis
co, second; Nick, owner Fletcher Ames, Oak
land, third.
Bitches, May, owner C. Parolee, San Francis
co, first; Gypsy, owner John Horgan, San
Francisco, second.
Chesapeake Bay, challenge, dogs, Trout,
owner Thomas Higgg. West Berkeley, first.
Bitches, owner H. H. Lans, San Francisco,
first
Pointers, challenge, dogs (over fifty-five
pounds), Jap, owner A. P. Kcrckhoff, Coveua,
first.
Challenge, bitches (over fifty pounds), Pattl j
Croxteth VII, owner A. B. True man, San Fran
cisco, first.
Challenge, dogs (under fifty-five pounds),
BaMy, owner J. H. Keifer, Los Angeles, first.
Challenge, bitches (under fifty pounds), j
Koto, owner A. B. Truman, San Francisco,
first.
Open, dogs (under fifty-five pounds), Cap,
owner H. Bier, San Francisco, first; J. M.
Barney, owner E. M. Bowen, Temeseti), second ;
Mike, owner K. W. Bowdich, San Francisco,
third.
Open, bitches (over fifty pounds), Kate,
owner F. B. Lake, San Francisco, first.
Open, dogs (under fifty-five pounds), Wang,
owner M. D. Kelscy, berkeley, first; Piato,
owner Leslie Sinisou, Mills College P. 0., sec
ond; Honest John, owner C. A. Haight, San
Francisco, third.
Open, bitches (under fifty pounds), Beulah,
owner H. C. Golcher, San Francisco, first; Las
sie X, owner T. K. Walker, Chino, second:
Knby, owner W. L. Prau.er, Oakland, third.
Puppy, dogs, Ben N. owner G. V. Duflield,
San Francisco, first; Prinze, owner G. Peter
sou, Oakland, second; Christopher Columbus,
owner Paul Selby, Oakland, third.
English setters, challenge bitches, Countess
Noble, owner H. T. Payne, Sen Francisco, first. i
Oi>en, dogs, Nimrod E, owner 11. O. Edwards, I
San Francisco, rirst; Charm, owner G. W. Tib- ;
betts, Colusa. second; Pilot, owner H. A. Bar- 1
ber, San FraDCitco, third.
Open, bitches, Silver Plate, owner S. F. '
Hughes, San Francisco, first: Countess 1", !
owner G. 11. Permein, Oakland, second; 1
Beauty, owner W. Moagorty, San Francisco, j
third.
Puppy, dogs. Bird Catcher, owner W. J.King,
Oakland, first; Hope's Guess, owuer \V. F.
Broderick, Fruitvule, second.
Puppy, bitches, Maud X, owner Cecil King,
Oakland, first; Caro, owner N. Anderson, Oak
land, second; Countess Gladstone, owner A. H.
Blow, Oakland, third.
Irish setters, challenge, dogs, Nemo 11,
owner A. B.Truman, San Francisco, first.
Challenge, bitches, Lightning I, owner same
as above.
Open, dogs, Barrymore, owner Glenmore
kennels, West Berkeley, first; Lad of Glen
more, owner George B. M. Gray, Oakland, sec
ond; Finglas Jr., owner Glenmore kennels,
West Berkeley, third.
Open, bitches, Lady Juno, owner Howard
Black, San Francisco, first; Glenmore Trilby,
owner Henry Eetton, Alameda, second; Queen
of Kildare, owuer A. B. Truman, San Fran
cisco, third.
Gordon — Open, dogs, Dick 11, owner
J. W. & H. W. Orear, San Francisco, first;
Prince, owner C. P. O'Neil, San Francisco, sec
ond; San Quo, owner C. E. L. Dunlevy, Oak- j
land, third. "; /■■;'■ ■--.
Bitches, Jewel, owner J. M. Handell, San !
Francisco, first;. Ueauty Gordon, owner P. j
Ward, Frultva.e, second ; Topsy, owner Louis !
Lagona, Oakland, third.-- •
FABIOLA`S FETE
It Will Live the Hospital Over Two
Thousand Dollar*.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— The finan
cial result of the recent Fabiola fete was
made known to-night. The hospital will
receive $2100, which is nearly as much as
was realized last year when the meteoro
logical conditions were more favorable and
society took much greater interest in it
than that v.as snown on May clay.
The total receipts of the fete from eate
money, subscriptions from street railroads,
sale of concessions and the proceeds of the
souvenir i*Mied by the ladies amounted
to $5700. The expenses of the grand stand
are trreatly reduced by the sale of the lum
ber of which it was built.
The ladies' souvenir netted $560. They
worked hard among the merchants ana
t.-eir efforts a3 advertising solicitors were
■well repaid.
President Davis is very elated over the
outcome. "At 10 o'clock on the morning
of the fete," said he to-iiay, "when 1 saw
the cloud?, 1 would have sola my expecta
tions for $100. >"o\v I think that consider
ing our difficulties, we Ecored a great suc
cess."
Miner Killed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 19.— James Me-
Geen, %l min*r at the Corral Hollow coal
mines, near Livermore, was killed about
11:30 o'clock to-day by being thrown from
the bucket as he was coming up from the
bottom of the shaft.
Enticed m Wife.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 19.— Fritz Mey
of Berkeley has sued L. O'Neil and Jane
O'Neil for $10,000 damages for having per
suaded and enticed his wife, Margaret
Meyer, to leave and desert him last March.
s"^9 r v6ocZy-# Per
J? Off tk.t v/-o.3iZ?»y.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
BERKELEY'S WOOD
FOR THE WOMEN
A Big Convention of Suf
fragists in the Univer
sity Town.
WILL CONTINUE TO-DAY
Miss Yates, Miss Hay, Mrs. Dr.
Kellogg-Lane and Others
Speak.
CRESCENT BICYCLE RACES.
Handicap Events to Take Place on the
San Pablo Road May
Thirtieth.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 20. — The
Woman's Suffrage convention, which
opened at Shattuck Hall this afternoon,
drew forth a large number of the promi
nent ladies of Berkeley. Tliere was a scat
tering of gentlemen also among the audi
ence.
The speakers of the afternoon were
Miss Hay, Mrs. George W. Haight, Mrs.
Albert Carlisle, Mrs. Clara Partridge and
Mrs. Dr. Keliogg- Lane.
On the platform sat Mrs. George W.
Haight, president of the Berkeley Suffrage
Society; Miss Hay, National organizer;
Mrs. Wood, president of the Alameda
Woman's Suffrage Club; Mrs. Alice E. S.
Bangs, Mrs. Clara Partridge. Mrs. Eleanor
Carlisle, Miss Sarah Severance, Mrs. R. P.
Thomas, Mrs, Naylor ana Mrs. William
Keith.
The exercises opened with a prayer by
Mrs. Nayier, after which the entire con
vention rose and sang several verses of a
hymn.
The two most prominent and lengthy
addresses of the afternoon were made by
Mrs. Partridge and Mrs. Carlisle.
After the opening remarks to the con
vention by Miss Hay and the address of
welcome by Mrs. Haiglit the "Symposium
on Woman's Enfranchisement, 1 ' consist
ing of thiee ten-minute papers, opened.
The subject which Mrs. Carlisle handled
was. "Does the Wife and Mother Need the
Ballot?"
She discussed her subject from the
broadly ethical oasis and adhered closely
to the principles of logical argument.
"The one problem of modern social in
vestigation," said Mrs. Carlisle, "ia how
to marshal all forces in the state to their
practical and logical fulfillment. The
noblest work of humanity is to recognize
tlie common burden of responsibility and
so to organize its energies that the fullest
ethical and economical conditions shall
work impartially through every stratum
of society.
' Mothers that are not free cannot pro
duce well-balanced citizens. They have
no reason to do so; they have no power to
do so. As society is constructed to-day a
mother instead of feeling the state to be a
larger home for the child looks upon it as
a real menace both to herself and to her
child. Tne youth of the country are given
over to our direction. Perfect mother
hood demands that we nave authority as
complete political factors, in order to
make these sons complete. That politics
will contaminate the mother is no argu
ment. If character is meant for only the
test of goo 1 environment then character is
not of much valu".
"Women cannot institute reforms for
the preservation of the homes, lor they
have no authority to carry them through,
Their very best efforts in social reforma
tion are, at tlie most, but an illogical doc
toring of abuses, rather than of eradica
tion. The home depends upon the stale;
the state depends upon the homes. Their
respective functions are equal in impor
tance. One should bear no greater social
significance than the other, it is the cir
cle within the circle. The franchise will
broaden the home life of the mother; the
home life will produce motive power To
perpetuate the state on just and equitable
lines."
Mrs. Clara Partridge took for the topic
of her paper "Does the Business Woman
Need the Ballot ?" The remarks of Mrs.
Partridge were bright and sparkling
throughout and full of wit and humcr.
She sketched hrst the life of the business
woman aud tbe many pursuits in which
women of business are to-day engaged.
"No avenue," said she, "is closed to
them. They are represented in nearly
every industry. All who are opposed to
equal snffrage'seem to be bound by a false
conception of the being and powers of
women. Business women need the ballot
for they have material interests at stake.
The wages of women who are in business
pursuits are affected by the laws of tho
land, and in consequence they should have
a hand in the making of there laws.
"Women operate sawmills in Maine
and gold mines in California. On the
Great Lakes she captains sailing vessels,
and she is found in the purser's room of
SEEN AT THE OAKLAND BENCH SHOW.
the steamers that ply the Mississippi.
In Oakland she builds houses—driv
ing the nails straight, too — and in San
j Francisco she lias forsaken tho rouge-pot
! for white lead and oil and has cone to
i painting bonaes instead of faces. She has
j dropped the cold poker as an instrument
' of warfare and is using it hot to decorate
the homes of her millionaire sisters who
'don't' want the ballot, and can't under
stand why women want to meddle in
: men's affairs anyway.
"She is keeping books as well as making
them. She manufactures sewing machines
and uses them. Hhe owns her own stock
of dry coods and measures tape with the
dapper young clerk who does not own
even the week's wages she owes him; but
she has no voice in making the laws
under which she conducts her bu>ines=,
while the man has. It is of supreme mo
ment to woman what policy the Gov
ernment pursues in regard to exports and
imports. The man who deals in hides,
next door to tne woman who carries on a
wholesale 1 at«r trade is not affected finan
cially one whit more in proportion to his
capital than she by free trade or protective
tariff; and if she is to succeed she needs
the same means of protecting her inter
ests as he. and that is the privilege of
choosing the law-makers of the land.
"She needs the bullot in order that she
may receive the same consideration that
men do. The man who has it in his
power to control legislation that may
make or mar an importer's business is
bound to receive at the hands of the trade
greater benefits than the woman who has
been disfranchised. The financial policy
of the Nation means as much to her as it
docs to her masculine competitors. Its
soundness or unsoundness will increase or
diminish her income along with her
brothers, and she should be allowed to de
clare for the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1
or for gold as she wishes. Man and
woman alike bave an inalienable right to
an opinion, and whether it be right or
wrong of freely expressing it."
Mrs. Dr. Kello^-Lane then gave an ex
lemroraneons address on "Does the Pro
fessional Woman Need the Ballot?" She
lirst told what the ballot stands for and
what it does not stand for. She showed
what it meant to England, to the Trans
vaal and to other civilized parts of tho
earth which were ir. sympathy with and
striving tot wainan's suffrage.
"They are all clamorine for the ballot,"
said she, "and it is only a matter of time
when they will have it. In a body politic
every individual should have the privi
lege "of the ballot."
She referred to the fact that where
woman enters into a field of labor with
man. both work together better than alone
and separate.
In the evening Attorney George W.
Hai?ht gave an address on "The Political j
Status of Woman." President Richards
of the Board of Town Trustees then in
troduced the speauer of the evening, Miss
Elizabeth M.^ates of Maine, who spoke
along the same line as followed out by the
speakers of the afternoon.
The convention will be continued both
to-morrow afternoon and evening. Miss
Hay and Mi^ Yates, together with Mra.
' Ilui^'bt and Miss Severance, will speak.
Crescent t:oad l!»ce.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 20.—Arrange
ments for the Crescent Club handicap
bicycle road race, which is to take place
on the morning of the 31st inst. on the
San Pablo road, have been practically
I completed. The best riders in the club
have tmered and prospects are favorable
I for a good race. Ihe start will be made at
Dwijzht way and the direction of the race
will be north.
Following is the entry list: Bob Creel
man, B. H. Metcalf, Warren Marlaive.
Frank McLain, Ray Demoro, Charles
KK-in, C. Wippelsen, Wa.lter Gomnertz,
Will BiacKree. Will Owens. Charles Deme
trak and Captain O. A. Putzker. Peter
Kroman, G. L. Wilcox and Chester Jud
; son will be the handicappera. Putzker
1 will be the only man on scratch.
Gompertt Wetltlrd in i'erp.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 20.—Informa
tion has been received in Berkeley of the
1 wedding on the ISth inst. of Georee Gom
pertz, second son of Mr. and Mrs. C. F.
(Tompertz of Austin way, to Senorita
Morelia de Gama, at Iquique, Peru. The
! bride is tne daughter of the recently de
i ceased Peruvian admiral. Gompertz has
I been in South America for the past five
! year , most of which time has been spent
: in lquique in the commission business.
TO CALL A PRIMARY.
\lanieda's Conereaitional Difficulty to
Be Disposed Of Next
Wednesday.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— The new
, Tnird Congressional District Committee
ha? decided to call primaries to take place
on July 11. The district convention will
be held in Vallejo, July 25, and there will
be eighty-five delegates.
It has been decided that the creat regis
ter is to be tlsed and none but qualitied
voters will be allowed to cast a ballot.
These arrangements apply to all the dis
trict with the exception of Alameda
County. This is due to the existing differ
ences and final arrangements will not be
made until May 27. Then the trouble will
be disposed of.
The'test will be: "I believe in Repub
lican principles and endorse the Republi
, lican policy and will support the nominees
' of the Republican party."
In the Congressional district representa
tion will be as follows: Alameda County
17. Solano 12. Contra Costa 9, Yolo 7, Co
lu-a 4, Glenn 8, Lake 3. <
San l.riinilro Wins.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— The injunc
tion brought against the Trustees of the
town of San Leandro, enjoining them from
issuinz bonds for a municipal electric
!i:»i.it plant, has been dissolved, by Jud;:e
Odgen. The suit wasjbiought by a corpor
ation that now supplies the town with
gas.
Jl MAIXS **
St Catvine Co nun, el i~u.fi*.
EVIL WORK OF
SLOT MACHINES
Cause of a Big Difference
Among Oakland Of
ficials.
TAX ORDINANCE VETOED
The Mayor Wants to Protect
the Innocent Candy
Machine.
CIGAR -STANDS ARE WICKED.
In Two Weeks* Time the City Coun
cil Will Attcni to the Impor
tant Question.
Oakland Office San Kfancisoo Call.)
908 Broadway, May 20. f
Another profound problem has arisen in
the city government, and it is considered
of co much importance that at Monday
night's meeting of the Council it was laid
over for further consideration.
A few weeks ago Councilman Heitn,an
introduced an ordinance placing a tax on
all nickel-in-the-slot machines in the city.
Mr. Heitman said it had been proved,
though wnether he meant personally or
not he did not state, that the nickel-in-the
slot machines were great moncy-makiiig
machines; that they were a delusion and a
snare, and should therefore be made to
produce something in the shape of a tax
for the benefit of the city. The ordinance
was parsed and sent to the Mayor for his
signature or veto.
Mayor Davie vetoed the ordinance. He
said that it did not discriminate between
the harmless candy machine and the per
nicious card-playing device that is the
medium between saloon-keepers and their
patrons in settling accounts for drinks.
Mr. Heitman thinks differently. He is
opposed to gambling in all of its forms.
He distinctly declares that all nickel con
trivances are games of chance. There is
no reiiabiiity about them. It is a case of
now you see it and now you don't. You
put in a nickel and if the machine should
happen to be in good working order you
may get your wrong weight or a discord
ant tune. The speculative child may iret
a piece of candy or he may not. The
giddy co-ed or the theological student may
get their fortune 01 they may uot. The
cigarette devotee may get a fragrant
smoke or he may get co'nsomrae.
All these points have been carefully con
sidered by Mr. Heitman, and lie has
arrived at the conclusion that no matter
what guise the fake may wear the machine
is a speculation pure and simple. The
speculation consists not in the principle,
but in the accidental circumstances thai
control the reward.
Mayor Davie has not dealt much in
nickel machines and has not had the
mortification of standing on an iron plate
waiting for the "correct weight with musi
cal accompaniment" that never came
Consequently he thinks that the nickel
cigar and drink card machines should be
taxed, but that the candy and pearl
button machines are harmless and should
go free.
Mr. Davie and Mr. Heitman have
locked horns on the degree of evl influ
ence that goes out from the nickel-in-the
s!ot machine, and legislation in that direc
tion is blocked. There will probably be
numerous passages at arms in the Council
chamber and the Mayor will be called
upon to explain, and in about two
weeks the measure will be passed over
the Mayor's veto and some other equally
important measure willthen be considered".
FOUGHT OVER CHILDREN.
A Mother and Humane Society
Agent Use Their
Fists.
Two Battles in West Oakland Neces
sary to Rea?h the Desired
End.
Oakland OFFrcE Saw Fkancifco Call,)
908 Broadway, .May 20. j
A most exciting struggle for the pos
session of tyro children took place in West
Oakland late last night. The mother was
beaten, the baby screamed, but eventually,
with the aid of the police and the agent
of the children's society, the little ones
were rescued and went away with their
mother.
Mrs. Mary Cahral of 414 Eddyjstreet. San
Fr.MH-iseo, was separated from her hus
band seme time ago, as he failed to pro
vide for his tarnily. He was very anxious
not to part with the children, but the
court decided that the mother only was
entitled to them and awarded them to her.
The mother at f.rst put them in a day
nursery, but later she consented to let
Mr. Kane of tne Youths' Directory put
them in St. Joseph's Asylum.
On Tuesday Mrs. Cabral called to see
the children, and was surprised to find
that the father had called and taken them
away just ten minutes before her arrival.
After recovering her composure Mrs.
Cabrai started on a search. t>he obtained
a clew that they were in Fan Leandro, and
so she searched that town. Frank Kane
and Mrs. Prescott of the Oakland society
followed up every clew, and finally Con
tnble Gallett pave his reasons why he
thought the children were in Oakland.
The oflic«>rs visited the Portuguese
quarter on Peralta street. They went into
a house and wnile the mother was talking
Mrs. Preacott kept her eyes wide open.
While talking the mother hoard a cry
that she knew to be that of her three-year
old child. She at once rushed into the
next room and a struggle followed. Mr.
Kane had returned to ban Francisco and
Mrs. Prescott and ?.Irs. Cabral were alone.
Several people swarmed into the house,
and when Mrs. Prescott saw the mother
wasbeini; struck she blew a police whistle.
A stranger then left the house and Mrs.
Cabral rushed out with her child. No
information could be learned of the
months-old baby, but a man whispered to
Agent Prescott that he could tell her
where the baby was if she would giye him
police protection.
He eventually said that the child could
be found at the home of Dick Sutherland
on Pacific street. The mother and her
child and Agent Prescott. went to Suther
land's house followed by a procession of
folks who had witnessed" the row.
On arriving at the Sutherland house the
women there admitted that the baby was
inside. While talking Mrs. Cabral heard
her baby prattling and at once rushed
into the room and grabbed it.
Another struggle followed and Mrs.
Prescott and the mother had to fight with
the crowd again. The whole family took
a hand in the fracas and the baby was
quite badly bruised during tbe conflict.
The mother held on it with one hand and
fought her assailants with tbe other. Mrs.
Prescott also used fcer arms with good
(JIM LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms- 1 13,-> Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Sale nays.
Tuesdays and Friday*. Telephone, Jessie "til.
THIS DAY
Thur«<!ay May SI, see
At 11 o'clock a. si., a: private residence,
i6lB Pell Street, bet. Lott and Hasonic Aye.
WK WILL SELL
The Superior Furniture. Rich Parlor
Upholstery, Upright Piano, etc,
contained in the above,
COMPRISINO....
1 Romtvcoil Case Upright Piano (Arlon maker),
cost .T650: Klegjnt Parlor Suit, of 7 piece*, cov-
ered in raw s:Ik; 4 Superior Quarter-oak Bedroom
suits, with Hair Top Ma- tresses, Bankets an.i
best of Bedding: best of Body Brussels Carpets
throughout the nouse; Oil Paintings and Kngrav-
lnsts: Point Lace Curtains and Parlor Ornaments,
Beveled French Plate Mantel Mirrors, Quarter-
oak Sideboard, with Kxtensinn Table and Chairs
to match: Plated Ware, China and Glassware:
Wa'er Back Range, aud other suptrior articles too
numerous to mention.
CH AS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers.
GRASI) AUCTION SALE
IN THE BANCROFT BUILDING,
721 riarket Street,
Between Third and Fourth.
THIS DAY.
Thursday May 21, 1896,
At 2 o'clock and 7:30 p. v.
WK WILL XXI.L
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF
ROYALDAMSHTERRA.COTTA.
Splendid pieces of Clo:ssoner, rare pieces of An-
tique Satsnma, Ivory Goods Carved Sandalwood,
Bric-a-Brac of a'l kinds, Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Ladles' Garments and Notions, 3 New Upright
Pianos, 3BabyGranl Pianos, etc., without reserve.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
PAVILION AUCTIO.! HOUSE,
319-321 utter St.. above Grant Aye.
THIS DAY.
Thnrsday May 31, 1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. m., at salesroom,
I WILL SELL
The Complete Furniahings of Three
.Private ... -■ . ,res,
Comprising in par:: Odd Parlor Pieces; Grand
Mahogany, Cherry and Oak Chamber se s: Oak
and Walnut sideboards: Extension Tables and
Chain: Hair and Spring Mattresses; Lounges:
Coaches: Pillows: Blankets: also 2 National
Cash Registers, 3 Safes, 'A Bars an 1 Backbars.
S. KASCH. Auctioneer.
effect, and got off with only one slap in
the face from a man.
The two women finally fought their way
to the door, and when some of the
bystanders, understood the situation they
helped, ana the mother and fier two chil
dren were able to get uptown. It was
nearly midnight when they arrived at San
Francisco.
"That was the hardest fight of my life,"
said Agent Prescott to-day, "but as the
men say, we stayed with it. My face is
still a little sore, but that's all rigtu."
A DISGRACEFUL FIGHT.
Two Lawyers Punch Kach Other's Heads
Ju II;»y war.!*.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 20.— Attorneys
George S. Langan and D. M. Connor in
dulged in a street fight on the principal
ptrpet this afternoon. They fought for fully
nve minutes on the sidewalk in the pres
ence of a large crowd. Connor drew a re
volver, but was prevented from using it by
friends, who hustled him into an alley.
The fight was the outcome of an old
rivalry between the two over the towu
printing. Lan-ran was the aggressor.
IHVOKCK PKOCfcEOINOS.
Complaint filed:
Zucarlas Inda against Quadalnpe Inda.
Martha Zeiger against Helnrica Zeiger. :
Divorces granted:
Margaret Corcoran from Patrick Corcoran, for
willful neglect, by Judge Hunt.
James C. Goodchlld from Ito A. Qoodchlld, for
willful desertion, by Judgo Troutt.
Susie Wilcox from Louis W. Wllcox, for willful
neglect, by Jud^e Sanderson.
Sarah F. Roihrick from Wlilard K. Rothrlck, for
wllliul desertion, by Judge Murphy ; custody of
minor child awarded to plaintiff.
BIRTIIS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
I Birth, marriage an death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They most be handed In a*.
I either of the publication offices and be indorse 1
with the name and residence of persona anthorlxeJ
to nave the same published.
BOKX.
BKAMWELL— In this city, May 17, 1838, to the
wife of Aaron J. Bramwell, a son.
CAItXEHL— In this cltv, May 20. 1896, to the
wife of Henry ( arnehl. a son.
PAl'K— ln South San Francisco, May 18, 1896. to
the wife of the late William Pape, a son.
MARRIED. ~ ~
QEBNUS— MEYER— In this city. May 16. 1898,
by the Rev. J. 11. Schroeder, John A. Gernus
and Anna Meyer.
RAY— SI'TTOX-In this city. April 22, 1896, by
the Rev. Father White, John F. Ray of Navarro
and Mary Alice Sutton of San Francisco.
VAN DXX NAILLKN-SCHLUETER-In this
city. May 15. 1896, by the Rev. A. J. Wells.
Ralph Lei Van der Nalllen and Pauline K.
S." hi utter.
O1KI). -— - ~
Bljrelow. Henry Derby Howard, C. F.
JV-rknr. Maria Kanarr, Jasper D.
Cass. Emma I* Kuhlmann. John N.
j Carnehl (Infant) Lowell. William H.
Carroll, Lnjce W. McC'nrricic. John J.
Condon, Mrs. Sarah C. ODea, Chester R.
Clancey, Rosle Payne, Lena O.
Crawley, Jane Perry, Terese M.
Dasha, Mazgle rowers. Lillle E.
Flaherty, Ma'.lge Reeve. George W.
Furbush, Moses Rosenberg, Jane
Cainb c. Jam»3 Rowland, Mary
I Grlscetti. Via aS. Vcr IXuell, C. H. J.
I Jlaswell. Mrj. E. C. Williams, Estella
Hunt, Catherine Yost. Julia I'".
Holmes, Mrs-Catherina Zhud.ir.s, Marie F.
BIGELOW— In this city. May 19, 1896, Henry
Derby Klgelow. aged 38 years. y
£9~Friund* and acquaintances are resD*c:-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday*, a: 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KKKKAU- In this city. May 20. 1893. Maria,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Maria
Berkar. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 5 days.
CASS-In Stockton, May 20. 1896. Emma L. Cass
a native of California, ftsred S3 years and 18 days'
CAKXEHL-In this city. May '20, 1896. Infant
I son of Ilenr/ and Anna Carnehl.
CARROLL— In this city. May 1«, 1396. Lake W
Carroll, beloved brother of' Mm. D. c. Pat«r«on'
and stepson of Michael Tlerney, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aced 38 years 9 months and 12 days
4S"Frlends and acquaintance* ' are res ne'e -
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 3 o'clocK p. jf.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, thence to St. Rose's
■ Church for services, commencing at 2:30 o'clock
r. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRAWLKY- la this cltv, May 20, IS9B, Jane
Crawley, beloved mother of George W.. James
and John E. Crawley, a native of P.ctou, Nova
Scotia, aijod 6'J year? 10 months and 17 days.
CLANCKY— In this city, May 19, 1898, Hosle. be-
loved wife of the late Thomas Ciancey, a native
of County Lei rim, Ireland, aged 70 years.
Friends and acquaintance are n»SD92t-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday) at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lon of Mc\voy & Gallasher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to st. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will he celebrated for the re-
po-i" of her soul, com mencins at 9 o'clock a. m.
interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CONDON*— In this City, May 19. 1898, Mrs. Sara
C. Condon, a native of Koxbury, Delaware
County, N. Y.
DASIIA- In Mlssonla. Mont.. May 13, 1896, Mag-
Kie. beloved wife of William F. Dasha. beloved
daughter of Mary and the late Jeremiah Harring-
ton, beloved bister of James and Mary Harring-
ton and Mrs. Annie Good and the* late Mrs.
.Nellie McLaugblin and John Harrington, a
native of Chicago, 111., need M years 7 months
and '.'8 days.
Friends and acquaintances are reipeo
fully Invl-.ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 43Sy a Tehama street, thence to
■ St. Patrick's Church tor services, commencing at
10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
F LAHEKTY— In this city. May 19. 1896. Madge,
beloved daugnter of William T. and Delia
Flaherty, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 2 mouths and 24 nays.
• J*tT*Frienas and acquaintances ar» resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of her parents, 1394 Harrison street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FURBUSH-lnmis city. May 20, 1896, Moses
Furbush, a native of Maine, aged 83 years and 4
days. .
GRISCETTT— In this city. May 20, 1896, Viola
Sophie, beloved daughter of Charles P. and
Sophie Grlscattl, a native of San Francisco, aged
B mouths and 7 days. — -■ . -
PATILIOX AUCTION HOUSE.
319-331 Suttrr St., Above Grant At©.
TO-DAY.
Thursday ny 21, 1896
At 1 o'clock, on the premises.
2131 MISSION STREET,
....I WILL SELL
One of the finest saloons In the city, consisting of
1 Front and Hack Khr, with Mirror 10 match: 1
Krunswlck-EftUce Pool Table, complete: '£ bbla
Wh'sky, and a very large assortment of Wines,
Liquors and Cigars.
•irrms-eash. s. KASCH, Auctioneer.
Note— lye above goods are the ilnest ever
offend.
RECEIVER^ SALE.
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO. (INC.)
Salesroom 1057 Market St., Opp. Jones.
WlXIi SKJ.I, TO-MORROW,
Vricl.-iy. May 22, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
No. 117 Eddy Street.
By order of the Receiver
The Stock and Fixtures of tbe Swan Saloon
....COMPRISIVO IN PART....
One large and elegant Oil Painting by A. D.
Ccoper, cost $2000. elegant Walnut Bar and Mirror-
back H:ickbnr with ratlines. Nickel-plate Na-
tional Cash Register. Wllshire Fire-proof Safe,
one nine-room Electric Indicator, Two Barrels
Kentucky Whisky, Lot Assorted Bottled Goods,
Nickel-plated Water neater, Large Beer Chest
ana Cooler, Cuspidors, Screen, three. Poker Tables,
Fifty Chairs, Walnut Writing Desk, Center Tables,
Carpets, Linoleum, and a lame lot of Glassware.
H. S. KOZMIN-SKY, A ucttoncer.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEARNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Thursday ay 21
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods. including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsuma.Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochl, etc., etc.
Two elesant presents given to the ladles daily
attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladies.
F. T. KEELAR. Auctioneer.
GAMBLE— In this City, May 17, 1&96, James
Gamble, a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
HAS\VKLI,-Iu Chicago, 111., May 13, 1896. Mrs.
E. C. Havvell, widow of the late G. C. Hawaii,
and mother of Mrs. L. J. Sellon, aged 80 years.
HUNT— In this city, May 19, 1898, Catherine
Hunt, beloved ai>nt of William P., John.Thomas,
Asncs and Katie Hunt, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and 14 days.
[Philadelphia papers please copy.J
RW Friends ana acquaintances are respoos-
fully invtted to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1711 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul,' commenc-
Ins; at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery.
HOWARD— in this city, May 18, 1896, C. F.,
beloved husband of Tina Howard, and father of
Frank and Mark Howard, a native of Tennessee,
axed 34 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
nOLMES— In San Jose, Cal.. May 18, 189«, Mrs.
Catherine Holmes, aged 26 years and 3 months.
KANARY— In this city. May 19, 1896, Jasper D.,
son of the late David and Kate Kaaary, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
JCSTFrletids and acquaintances are resuec;-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. k.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Ki.'HLMANN— In this city, May 20, 1896, John
N\, beloved and youngest son of William »Dd
Rosie Euhlmaun, and brother of Leo, Roderick,
Peter, Stephen and Sibela Knhlmann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 8 days.
LOWELL— In this city, May 19, 1896, William
11., beloved husband of Kmzna J. Lowell and
father of Edgar L. Lowell, a native of Maine,
aged 86 years.
Of Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Olivet
Congregational Cnn.cli, Seventeenth and -Nee
streets. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McCAKRICK— In this city, May 20, 1898, John J.,
Deloved son of the late John and Mary McCar-
rick. a native of New York, aged 38 years.
ft's~ Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van .Ness avenue ,
near Market street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, Fell street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
ODEA—I n this city. May 19, 1893, Chester Ray-
mond, dearly beloved son of John A. and Lizzie
ODea, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 11
months and 25 days.
SS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAtY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of ttie parents, 42 Norfolk street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAYNE— In this city, May 20, 1896, Lena G..
beloved wife of George W. Payne, and mother of
George F. and Viola B. Payne, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 39 years 10 months and 17 days.
PERRY— In this city. May 18, 1896, Terese M.,
beloved wife of the late Captain Richard Perry,
and mother of Richard L., Peter P. and William
E. Perry, and stepmother of John and James
Perry, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years. [New
York Journal and Philadelphia papers please
copy.]
JB3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Co., 123 Stock-
' ton street, corner Geary, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-nlntn and Cnurch streets,
i where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
POWERS- In this city. May 19, 1896, Lillie E.
Powers, sister of B. F. Powers and J. H. New-
kirk, and niece of Mrs. J. A. Wheeler, Mm. M.
E. Coblelgh and Mrs. D. I. Newkirk. a native of
Brooklyn, S. V aged 39 years 3 months and 18
days.
AS" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence. 2615 Mission street. between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment private.
ROSENBERG— In Alameda, May 19. 1896, Jane
Rosenberg, formerly of Santr. Barbara, dearly
b-.'lovi d wife of T. H. B. and deeply mourned
mother of Will. Frank, Isabella, Phebe, Bertha.
Charles, Gracy. Cleve and Elolse Rosenberg and
Mrs. A. P. Olson.
HE EVE— In San Leandro. May 19. 189S, George
F. Reeve, beloved father of Mrs. William Patter-
son, George F. Reeve Jr., Mrs. Ella Xi »er and
Mrs. George W. Collins, a native of New York,
aged 7 1 years 9 months and 11 days. [Fresno
papers please copy.]
da"' ri-;ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of liii daughter, Mrs. William Paterjon, 935
■ Valencia street. San Francisco.
ROWLAND— In Oakland, May 18, 1896. Mary
Rowland, a native of St. John, New Brunswick,
Canada, aged 44 years and 6 months.
VERHUELL— In Oakland, May 18. 1896. Charles
Henri Joseph Ver Jluell, a native of Paris,
France, aged 76 years.
WILLIAMS— this city, May 18. 1896, Es'.ella
Williams, a native of Ohio, aged 89 years.
ZlMDAlls— in this city. May 17. 1896. Marie
Frances. Zlmdnrs, a native of Hesse. Germany,
aged 49 years 11 months and 24 days.
YOST— In this city. Mny 19,1836, Julia F., be-
loved daughter of Margaret ('. and the late Henry
D. Yost, and sister of James H. and William D.
Yost, a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years*
" mom bs and 22 days.
ftWFrlends anil acquaintances are rwneat-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:: 0 o'clock a. It, from her late
residence, 1 1 26 Florida street .thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Every thins Bequislte for Flrst-cladi 1-uneralj
at Reasonable liates.
Telephone South 167. 1:7 and '29 Fifth St.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EJiBALMEBS.
80 ariftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
" Telephone 8080.
Jab. McMknomkt. ' Ckas."hcMkWoiiztT
JAMES McMESOJIEV & SOX. -
CHDICKTAKKRS AND EMBALMERS,
105? Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 8354.
Gibbon's Dispensary,
iPSfSfc^S **-*> KKAEJtT *T. .Established
§i^r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2s KKABJfT ST. Established
in 1354 for the treatment of Private
H BhH^Hw Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
•■cfwiSfii sraa disease wearing 011 bodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhsn
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Cs£f«UgW&j < uifaxii.imiit' 4>d. Callorwrite.
or. J, f. titBBQX, Box 1937. Saa ancisca
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
■JUSTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAM/
-710 Market street, open until 12 oclock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
rornerClay; open until 9:3o o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
sw. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
cntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF aiKKTINGS.
cSs 3 CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. B
&-^ and A. M.. will meet THIS (THUKs-
DAY) EVENING, May 21, at 7 :30 o'clock.
Third degree. By order of the Master. /Nr >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
___f> YERBA BUENA LODGE
tr-^7 No. 15. I. O. O. F.— Regular J ,^_*J_'.
meeting 1 11 IS (THURSDAY) EVEN- =ggG5S!^"
ING, May 21. First nomination of . -Wt"
officers. ' E. G. HARRISON, N. O.
M. S. Jkfferb Jr., Rec. Sec
SETT^r* A. ii. if., division no. 1. — A %*?***>
It— ' special meeting of the above Divis- \£\w/(
ion will be held at Hibernia Hall, 120 JbwW
Ninth St., THURSDAY EVENING, MayccVg?
21. 1896. All committees In connection »^f
with our picnic to be I eld at Glenwood Grove Big
Trees, Santa Cruz Mountains, Sunday, May -4,
will please h:ind in their final reports.
P. LYON, President.
J. .T. Laxk, Secretary.
K^S»- ATTENTION, KNIGHTS OF fi>s
la-*? Pythias— officers and mem- i5Cu
ben of Grand Lodge, the Brigadier-G*-n-
-era! and .staff, the officers ana meniLersEV^-H j\
of the Uniform Rank, and the members «_^'~a
of the order generally are requested to
assemble at Pythian Castle, 909 M ark » street, on
Til URSDAY EVENING, May 21, at 7:30 o'clock
from which place they will be escorted to the
Mechanics' Pavilion by the Knight* of Pythias
bund. Procession will move at By. M. Sharp.
JOB H. HARNEY, P. G. C. Grand Marshal.
|__5» HERMAN WOBSZAWIAK, SUPER-
S~— »" intendent Of the American Mission 10 the
Jews, will preach at Calvary Presbyterian Church
on Powell and Geary sts.. Friday evening at 7:45
o'clock.
»f -== NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
*-^ Ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1£96, at the hour of 11 m.. a*, the office of the
company,' Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as way legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. s. i.kakk. Secretary.
San Francisco. CaL, May 18. 1898.
CT~S» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
_r^£? THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
j.os:ace free. ..;■..
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ct"^ BAD TENANTS KTECTED~FOR~?47
■r-*^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montsy st..'room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WASTEIJ-FKMALE.
A OV NG~gTrL WANTS LIGHT HOUSEWORK
Xor care of child ; wages sB to $10. Call or ad-
dress MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
fTIHOROUGHLY COMPETENT HOUSEWORK
X girl, good COOk, desire-* position. Call or ad-
dress MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post sL, near Polk.
"V UMBER OF GOOD GIRLS AT FENTON &
-> "i.'s, 122 Geary st.
pHAMBEitMAIDS AND WAITRESSES DE-
\J sire positions. German Employment Office,
306 Mason st.
RESPECTABLE CANADIAN W OMAN
1 wishes situation as a competent housekeeper;
thoroughly understands cooking; has had thor-
ough experience: best references; city or country.
Please call or atdress 1505 Pine St., bet. Polk and
Van Ness aye.
4 N EDUCATED GERMAN LADY WITH 6
Jtx. years' references desires position; same is
trustworthy, saving, and understands housekeep-
ing. cooking and sewing thoroughly: would also
like to give lessons in the German language. Ad-
dress VV. 8., box 65, this office.
DERMAN] POSITION for young
X American girl: assist light housework or with
1 child; American family; Protestants: country;
i-b'.ri distance; kind treatment; good home; $10.
-OVs Hardy st., near sixteenth.
\| IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
>>1 any kind of work from 10 a. m. till 2 or 3
p. si.; is well acquainted in restaurant work; 50c a
day. Please add. ess MRS. H. S., 436 Minna St.
AN* COOK: FIRSi CLASS: V_i.Y
strong: used to boarding-house or restaurant
cooking: country preferred; wages $35 a month.
Plaase address M. E., 51;-. 1 ■> Jones .st.
■VTOUNG LADY, BPEA KINO FRENCH AND
X German and who understands sewing, would
like a position in a private iainilv. Address L. 8.,
Young Woman's Christian Association Home
1221 O'Farrell st.
(RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITU-
Xt ation to assist in second work and grown
children: no objection to short distance in the
country. Call at 121 Fulton st.
RESSMAKER; FIRST CLASS; WANTS
work at once: $2 per day; in nice families-
perfect lit: in,-; fine taste. Address C. M.. box 71
Call Office.
|>V :;K-I : I.CTABLE WOMAN TO DO GENE-
I i r.il housework; plain cook and laundress:
many years' reference. Call 364 Jissie st , near
Fifth st.
A" OD NG LADY WANTS POSITION AS DIS-
X trlbutor; 5 year.« last place; good references.
Address MRS. M., 1012 Potrero aye.
pOOD WOMAN WANTS~HOUSEWORK BY
' " the day. Address M. )., box 72, Call Office.
"NORWEGIAN GIBL WISHES EMPLOY-
-> ment at general housework or cooking. 719V>
Howard et.
EXPECTABLE YOUNG WIDOW WANTS
position as housekeeper or to take care of chil-
dren; reference. Call 122 Geary st.
"I ADI WANTS DAY WORK; $1, CARFARE.
J-' 1133V2 Howard St., lower flat.
WOM A N DESIRES A PLACE TO WORK IN
ii restaurant or boarding-house, city or country •
wages $12; thoroughly understands the business.
744 Howard St.
AMJUNGiTfRL WISHES TO HAVE WORK
X in any kind of a stork in the city. c. C. L., box
31, Call uffic«.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
J situation to co general housework. 45 sacra-
mcnio st.
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\.' to do housework; is a good cook: city refer-
ences: tome at low wages. 206 Fifth, nr. Howard.
VOUNG~~GIRL DESIRES A PLACE TO DO
X general housework in German family: wages
$12: does not speak Knglisn. 17 Minna, upstairs.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day wa*hlns or kousecleaning. Apply 411
l'o;k st.
XX- PECTA RLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
XV tion to do general housework, plain cooking
and washing. Call or address 258 Eighth st.
\yOMAN WANTS HOUSECLiiANING OR
I 1 offices for Fridays ana Saturdays. Call 136
Seventh it.
CTRONG HEALTY YOUNG WOMAN WISH-
O es work by th- day, week or month. Please
call at '••I :;i •_, Clementina su, rear.
ANTED— A POSITION A~S WORKING
II housekeeper, by a German lady; city or coun-
try : on. y tiios wishing a working housekeeper.
Call or address 205 Seventh st.
V' OUNG GIRI DESIRKS A SITUATION TO
X do houseuoork or chamberwork. 3462 Seven-
teenth » ... Dear Guerrero.
YOU-..G GERMAN woman WANTS work
X by day; house-cleaning. Call 12 August alley.
bet. Powell and Mason su, near Green.
•yOU NO GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
X housework: has lived in Jewish families' best
references. 721 Ellis st.
T IRsT-i I. as- SCOTCH WOMAN WISHES
-I situation as cook or to do general housework-
references. 1702 Polk su, cor. of Clay.
YOUNG GI L~ WISHES TO SDO LIGHT
X housework or take care of one child. 24''ia
Clara st. " /2
SITUATION WANTED; ISA FIKST-CLASS
0 cook: private family; city; reference: will do
email wash. 314 Jessie st.
i? irst -1: a— dkessmaker wishes
J. work by the day. 21 Van Ness aye., room 1.
pOMPKTENT INFANT OB CHILD'S NURSE
\J desires situation; city or country; reference
Call or address Nurse, 1033 Post st.
|.ll;-l ■.. .-- UKK--..1 AKKR; PERFECT
1 1 er: go out by the day; very reasonable. 103
E'iZh'.ii st.
Ui -i^.. \\i»U&» POSITION AS COOK OR
»» housekeeper: city or country. Call or add res,
A.H., 1004 Lurkln 8U
CANI ) I N A~V IAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
O for upstairs work or waitress. Address S. v..
box 89, Call Office.
1) El I "ED WOMAN would assist in
II family going to .summer resort for expenses
•nd small wages or care for an invalid. Address
P. <-.. box 124, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD GIRL
0 cook; or will do housework and cooking: good
references. 162 Perry st., between Third and
1 ourth, Harrison nnd Bryant,
pOMPETEXT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
vj mi a small family to do general housework: is
a good plain cook anil laundress. Call or address
906 Howard »t.. near Sixth.
VoT?r» ; Ti GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION TO
X do light housework in a private family. Call
oraddr s» 217 Ninth st,
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS HOUSE-
-1 keeper; la a good cook. Call or address 28 Sev-
enth St., room 36.
/-1 ERMAN EM PLOY MEN I oFFIck; Ui.sf
I I help secured. MitS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
OOD WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND of
work by the day. Apply 1020 Howard.
L-IRST-CLAHS GERMAN COOK WISHES A
V Bltoatlon. Address M. I., box 20, Call Office.
/COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
V a few more engagement* by Ihe day or at
home; terms reasonable. Add. X., 120 seventh.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
iVespectable young woman wishes a
J \ situation as wetnurse. Call 347 Fremont St.,
Rincon Hill.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE PO-
sltion as nurse, wash and dress an infant or
uny light work through day or part day. Address
119 Oak st.
1 Experienced STENOGRAPHER WISHES
li piecework or depositions; law, theatrical and
business work, or will accept work by day or i
week. Call or address MISS M., room .6, 420
Montgomery st.
ANTED — POSITION FOR HOUSEWORK;
11 plain cooking: good references. 643 Franklin.
WILLING, COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES
11 work of any kind, washing. ironing and
cleaning. Address box C, Call Branch, Sixteenth
and Mission sts. • -■■' ■■■•■_■.; ;.■■■
YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION IN AN
X office: typewriting, copying, etc, preferred.
Address E. 8., box 68, this office.
TY'LISH DRESSMAKER WISH KS ENGAGE-
»T> ments by the day at $150. MISS R. RICH-
ARDS, 1218 Mission st.
RESSMAKER wishes en<;a<jement x by
the day, or. will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 653
Folsom st.
YOUNG FRENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
X to do upstairs work and waiting at table; city
references. Address E. C, 1014 Pacific at.
INCHES . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
II Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
lree bus and baggage to and from the lerrv.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-3IALK.
T^hTn^sPTaN D^JAT^s^rsTT^KTpLo"\ r M BHT
\J office; best help. 41 4 y 2 O'Farrell: teL E. 42a
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO..64O Clay.
1) C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches :shori notice. 14i;e:ir\-. Grant 43.
J W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
APANKsE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 31 4 sutler: let. Grant 30.
HI N 1 & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN I- 1
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
AN AND WIFE, MIDDLE-AGED, WANT
situation on a ranch: good farmer: wife, good
housekeeper and cook. Call or address 143 Town-
send St., rear. J. NEABLE.
AN ABOUT PLACE; RELIABLE MlDDLK-
aged man: accustomed to take care of horses,
milk and garden work; willing to make himself
generally useful; no objection to the country; ref-
i nace. J. J., box 17, Call office.
WANTED — POSITION AS ASSISTANT
11 cook, in hotel or boarding-house, by a young
Swiss. Address A. EL, box 74, Call Office.
WANTED— WORK AT PAPER-HANGING.
II HALL, 1137 Mission st.
STRONG BOY, 18, WANTS TO LEARN MA-
-0 chinest trade. Address J. 11., 2204 Taylor st.
HARNESS-MAKER, CAPABLE OP 1 MANAG-
ius, wants a position: city or country : refer-
ence from last employer. Address R. K. THOMAS,
613 Leavenworth st.
GO"D CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
chanic wishes steady employment: best refer-
ences. Address C. D., box 136, this office.
BOY OF 18 YEARS, SPEAKING FRENCH
and English, living with his parents, desires a
job In any Kind of business. 1 2 . .. West Mission.
WANTED— BY AN EFFICIENT, INDUSTRT
•I ous man an office and correspondence to at-
tend to; has experience as auctioneer: strictly
temperate: no tobacco or whisky; wages not so
much an object as employment ; references given.
W., 817 Mission st.
IJi'TLr.R MfERMAN) WANTS f POSITION:
1 * best city references. Address G. D., box 99,
Call Office.
l ) ELI ABLE YOUNG man WANTS situa-
XI tion as janitor or night watchman; best of
references. Address D. C, box 63, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED HOTEL WAITER WISHES
J-J a situation; city or short distance in country.
Address 11. 11. WKAVER, International Hotel.
iV ANTED IMMEDIATELY— POSITION IN
II good wholesale or retail store of any kind, in
town or couture: raised to hardware, etc.; good
references. CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush st.
'ORK OF ANY KIND WANTED BY A
• I vountr Scandinavian; handy with tools. Ad-
dress H. W.. box 88, Call Office.
KY FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN; UNDER-
* stands care horses, cows, garden, etc.; also
first-class driver; city or country good reference.
Address c. M., box 99. Call.
YOUNG MAN SPEAKING AND WRITING ;
X English and Spanish desires position in office '
or store: city or country. J. It.. 1326 Union st.
POSITION AS COLLECTOR OR ANYTHING j
X else requiring a careful, active, honest man: j
held present responsible place 16 years. Address
P. R., box 36, Call Office.
pOAC UMAX, ENGLISH, AGED 2», SINGLE,
\J would like situation in private- family; town or
country: first-class references. Address English,
box 99, Call Office.
\\r ANTKD-SrrUATION BY A GERMAN
11 gardener: sober, handy with tools, can milk,
Obliging: or watchman or any position Of trust:
references if required. Address S., box S3, this
office.
Situation wanted— by GERMAN AND i
»~ wife: man understands care of horses, Can
milk and is handy with tools: wife is good cook
and housekeeper; city or country; reference. Call !
or address A. E.. 321 Ellis St.
pOACHMAN: SINGLE:. THOROUGHLY UN.
\J demands the cars of fine horses and carriages,
and is a good careful driver; is strictly temperate,
industrious and obliging: has had long experience
in the care of gentleman's place and has best of '
New York and Chicago references. Address E. !
SI At X, 321 Ellis st.
\\' ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN WITH
II wife and 2 children, 8 and 9 years of ace, place
on a ranch; good home more than high wages
wanted: man good workman and wife good cook;
best references. Inquire or address A. 11., 51 Clay. !
ll - ANTED— POSITION AS HOTEL OR KEB-
-»' taurant butcher; understands cookiiiK. J. |
BACDOBF, 129 Perry st.
COMPETENT HOUSE PAINTER WITH
VJ tools wants work by the day or piecework: '
city or coun-.ry; will work cheap. Painter, 23 I
Pleasant >: •-*/-:.
I^IRST-CLaSS MEAT AND PASTRY COOK,
with wife, wants situation In hotel, camp or
sawmill; 20 years' reference. Address Cook, box i
8, Call Office, Oakland. ;
HOTEL OB RANCH MANAGER-MAN AND i
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in- j
stitution or other property in Southern California; I
large experience in handling help. Manager, j
P. • '. box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR j
11 Market— Electric lights In every room; 200 1
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to an l from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
IT Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus an i baggag* 10 and from the ferry.
"•"E3IAX."" HELP WAXTEI).
r EAT WOMAN. general HOUSKWORK.
J-> small American family, country, $20, fare
paid: woman to assist small resort. $1!», and other
places. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay st.
TRO.NG RELIABLE M I'D li I. X ■ A <; _ I>
k ; woman as working housekeeper on ranch near
city, $26, see party here. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st.
\t" ANTED — GIRL FOR C- -OK ING AND
»• houseworK in Stanislaus County $30, Susan-
vllle S2o, Fort Moss $.0, Kenriett $25: 3 cooks,
hotel, hoarding-house and restaurant, $25, $30 and !
$35: 2 Protestant German or Scandinavian second
girls, $20; kitchen-helper, $20; Irish girl for rook- I
ing. 3 in family. $25: chambermaid, assist wnit-
ing, $20, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312
Sut-.er st.
PROTESTANT COOK FOR SAN MATEO;
X German girl for housework, country, $20; i
iniridl<--:ig'-d woman for country, $20; French I
nursegirl, city. $15: girls for housework, city and
country, $20 and $16. C. R. HANSEN it CO.,
110 Geary st.
* tiNES FUOLGER. THE COOK, AND ANNIE
~L\- Bergstrom, the chambermaid, please report.
C. R. HANoEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
OM AN IRONER FOR COUNTRY: $20 TO
II $25. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary at.
ANTED— FRENCH SECOND GIRL, COUN- I
11 try, 825: 3 French girls for housework, $20 I
and $15: German girl for housework, $20; woman '
to assist in the kitchen, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315 I
Stockton. J
/ I ERMAN OR FRENCH CHAMBERMAID; |
" T lodging-house; $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter st.
/ OLORKD NUUSfc; $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
\J sutter st.
VJEaT REFINED GIRL: LIGHT WORK:
XI country; $12; good home. MISS CULLEN,
828 sutter st.
Y\roRKING HOUSEKEEPER, $10: GOOD
II home; easy place. MISS CULLEN, 323
Slitter st.
/ CAI.AVERAS COUNTY; $20. MISS
\J CULLEN. 3^3 Sutler St.
DAKCB COOK, *15; NURSE. $20; SECOND
-IV girl, Oakland, $20: Swedish second girl, $25;
20 housework girls; city and country, $20 and ir2s-
-8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN.
323 Slitter st.
OUSEWORK, MARIN COUNTY, $20; 3 IN <
family, see lady here: Sausallto, $25; San
Rafael, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
I RSEGTRL, $157~M156 CULLEN, 323 SUT-
i.I terst.
ANCH COOK. SAN PABLO, $20. MISS CUL-"
LEN, 323 Sutter sU
GIRLS, GENERAL HOUSEWORK. $20~
German Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
•VTURSEGIRL, 2 CHILDREN, $20. GERMAN
_> Employment Office, 306 Mason s\.
/GERMAN GIRL, UPSTAIRS WORK AND
VT waiting. German Emp. Office, 306 Mason st.
CMIAMBERWORK AM) WaITING.sWEDISH
\J girl. German Employment Office, 306 Mason.
G~ ERMAN INFANT'S NURSE DESIRES Po-
sition. German Employment Office.
TV" UMBER OF GIRLS WANTKD FOR CITY
XV and country. FENTON A CO., 122 Geary si.
"L* 1 RST-CLASS IRONER FOR LAUNDRY: $1
X per day, room and board. Apply J. P. JOHN-
STON <fe CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1596.
HELP WANTKD— Continued.
VirANTED— COOkS, WAITRESSES, SEAM-
'• stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-girls. Come at
once and get a good position. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st.
TJMRS'f -CLASS BUTTONHOLE-MAKER AND
J^ finisher on vests. 1104V2 Folsom st.
TRONG YOUNG GIRL 7 16 TO"IB~YEARS OF
O age, for country: wages small, but good home.
Apply 41H Geary st.
ANTED— YOING GIRL TO ASSIST IN
»» light housework. 1217 Webster st.
\\r ANTED— LAUNDRY-GIRL. 1403 VALEN-
-11 ciast.
"XT' OUNG GIRL FOB LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
•X 38 Belvidere St., back of chute grounds.
GIRL T)R MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO
U help in light housework. 507 Ha es st.
A I LO X X ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttonholes. 22 Russ st.
p OOD PLAIN PA NTS FINISHERS WANTED;
VJ good pay; steady. 1018 Howard su •
V[T ANTED— YOUNG LADY WILLING TO
»' learn as partner by professional vaudeville
artist: no triflers Apply for one day, J., box 135,
thin office. :-■"..<.;■ ■ ' -.
\\T ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
iI work and cooking: wages $20; reference re-
quired; 9to 12. 21088 Post st.
1-INI HER ON PANTS. ALSO OPERATOR.
1028 Market St.. upstairs.
\\T ANTED— COMPETENT FRENCH WAIT- i
" ress and chambermaid: city references re-
quired: wages $25. Call 621 Leavenworth st. to-
uay (Thursday) between 10 and 12 A. v.
.' OMPETENTGIRL FOR GENERAL HO08&
Ks' work; plain cooking; small family. 219 Brod-
eru-k st.
OLD LADY WHO WISHES A GOOD HOME
to assist in light housework; wages month.
Call forenoon, 126 -Folsom st,
YOUNG GERMAN OR DANISH GIRL FOR
X general housework. Apply 625 Vi Post st.
U' ANTED — A NEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR
11 housework: wages. $10. Call between 10 and
12 o'clock at 217 Devisadero st.
\y ANTED— GIRL TO SET TYPE. CALL 8
11. Montgomery block, this morning.
GOOD GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
447% Natoma st, .
GIRL TO COOK AND DO GENERAL HO OSE
work. 1630 Ellis st.
AGENTS WANTED FOR "FEMINA," A WO-
man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia si. For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
ELI ABLE LADY as DRUMMER FOR
XV priming-house; good salary. ORMBBY, 636
Clay st.
7 • ebji ' FAMILY wishes TO BOARD
VJ" several school children. 1619% Post st.
OODTAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS: ALSO
VJ apprentice, paid while learning. 606 Pacific.
A PFRENTICE TO LEAKS DRESSMAKING.
•*"!• 1313 Scott 8U
\\T ANTED— LADY TRAVELER. ONE WHO
II knows how to sell. Address FINN, box 77,
Call Office.
WAN TE D- D R S APPRENTICE.
II Apply 213 Turk st.
IRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK: SMALL
family; assist plain cooking; wages $12;
1216% Golden Uato avenue.
pi IB_S OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
\f positions. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st.
* PI'RKNTICKS TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
XI tins; and making. 14 McAllister, rms67 and 68.
\,l IDDLE - AGED WOMAN CAN SECURE !
l»l good home; exchange light work. 1324
Valencia st.
STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM sc; ICE-
O cream and cake sc. Seattle Restaurant, 137
Fourth st.
"L'IRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS. BOWHAY,
X 1 604 suiter at.
"\fOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market-
-200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; 91 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HAIBDBESttINO, 25c AND 35c; MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
'" en- McDOWELL Academy. 213 Po we 1 1 st.
MALE HELP WANTKD.
BUTTER-MA-EB, M 1 i.X I.RTT~FAjirMITRs7
•?20; chore boy, 812; man to herd hogs. $15: 3
' drillers. Sl a day and board; woodchoppers, Santa
I Cruz County; porter, $15; 3 cooks. 3 waiters, 2
dishwashers, cook ana wife and other places.
I MURRAY <t READY, 634 Clay St.
j i)A LABORERS FOR SAWMILLS AND i
j —V/ woods: no experience necessary: good wages: '
1 steady work; fora large company ;* must go this !
morning; call early. MURRAY & READY, Lead- |
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CIMPSON HART THE TEAMSTER PLEASE
Ocall: ranch blacksmith, $30; cnoreman and
! wife for ranch, $35; ranch teamster and wife, $35;
1 wagon blacksmith, city, 92 50 a day: 2 larra-
hands, steady- work, $15. R. T. WARD & CO .
j 60S and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— BUTLER WITH GOOD REFER-
-11 ences, $40: German gardener, country, $30-
-assistant pastry cook, French preferred, $25:
, night cook for oyster-house, $9 a week, etc. LEON
: ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
! WANTED— WAGON BLACKSMITH; $2 50
II to $3 day. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
ANTED— ITALIAN-SWISS MILKER, $25:
II 2 choreman, $10 and 920; boy for ranch, $5;
vegetable gardener, 920 ; restaurant stewards,
I quod wages; dishwasher, country, $20: and others
, Apply to J. F. CROSKTT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
j I," AKM X R AND WIFE. NEAR CITY', $30. C.
I J R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
VUMBKI*. OF MEN WANTED FOR CITY !
_> and country. Call early FENTON A CO., 122 !
Geary st.
WAITER: COUNTRY HOTEL; $30. HOTEL
*»_GAZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
WANTED — TEAMSTER^ FARMHANDS,
1 1 miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, waiters,
■ cooks, canvassers: always openings; call at once I
I COLUMBIA, 128 Fourth st.
\\r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
. II Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
! married men between the agea of 21 and 30 years- ;
I not lest than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good (
j character and temperate habits; able to read, '
write anil speak Knulish properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
I service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
! our new cruisers. For further information apply at i
I the Recruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco
j Cal.
\V* ANTED— FIRST-CLASS WAGON-BLACK-
»» smith for heavy work: gool wages to good
man. Apply to 11. B. SCHINDLER, 130 spear.
WANTED— FOR PEDDLING PLANTS
IT on commission. Call 512 Haight st.
YOUNG MAN 18 TO 20 V EARS FOR OFFICE-
X state age, wages desired, reference, knowledge
of bookkeeping. Address B. X., box 99, Call.
GOOD SECOND COOK WANTED. 106 SEC-
ond St.; call early.
| IJRESSER ON PANTS. 249 STEVENSON ST.
Y"oi.'-m MAN OR BOY TO LEARN BARBER
X trade in college. 797 Mission st.
MILKMAN WANTED TO FURNISH 2 CANS
• of milk dally and loan $300 on good security
Address Milk, box 77, Call.
BOY 13 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE TO RUN I
-!•> passenger elevator; must reside with parents ;
and furnish referem es, Address Roy. box 77, Call.
\jAX TO SOLICIT FOR TAILOR. 527 xl-
Xl toma at.
EN I : l.<; BTIO YOUNG MAN, FOR Cfn7
lector, etc., wages, $50; must loan employer
I $350; good security. J.. box 15. this office.
776 V TO MAKE HIMSELF USEFUL ABOUT
» > store. 914 Market st., about 10:30. •
m AILOR TO WORK in STORE; ONLY FIRST
X class need apply. 202 McAllister st.
WAITER WANTED AT 511 "VALENCIA
'I st. ; 920 per month and room.
t>r"e!ssman on custom paints, apply j
| J. 249 Stevenson St., near Fourth.
I ERMAN WAITER WANTED. 17 WASH-
VI ington st.
J COLLECTOR,S30 MONTH AND COMMISSION: '
I yJ must furnish cash security. Cash, box 48, Call. ;
WANTED — STEADY] SOBER MAN AS j
•I partner in commission business; will clear to
each from 950 to 976 per month ; Gorman or scan-
dinavian preferred; small capital required; see
to-day. (.is STRAND, 45 Third st.
'1-CHAIR 15-CKNT SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP
*— on account removal to AlameUa. Call north-
east corner Seventh and Adeline sis., Oakland.
"CJTT^ BARBER-SHOP; A BARGAIN; MUST
«JM>.). 1,,. sold. 1125 Market su
boD PAYING JTCHAIR BARBER-SHOP
for sale; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
OHOEMAKKR WANTED ON MAN'S PEGGED '
D shoes. 202 Filth st.
WANTED— RELIABLE MAN TO ASSIST IN '
11 store; $65 per month to start: chance of in- '
I crease if deserving; must have -$150 cash: ex- |
: perience not necessary. 777 Market st., room 7.
WANTED— STEAD* MAN TO LOOK AFTER
II office, handle cash, etc.: duties easily learned; '
experience not necessary; capital required, 9175.
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market St.
Q9^fl ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR BARBER- I
tT)JJO\J. shop: across hay: improved revolving I
chairs; all other furniture oak; cheap rent; 3 ;
baths; 5 living rooms: can show to purchaser well-
paying, elegant shop; fullest Investigation. T.
i.UBELSKI, 7 City all avenue.
AN WITH SMALL CAPITAL TO HANDLE
new advertising device. 809b Mission st.
I> ARBERS— SHOP IN OAKLAND FOR SALE,
•> cheap. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis st.
ANTED— LAUNDRY DRIVER WITH
route will be furnished with No. 1 rig, etc. !
Call Parislen Steam .Laundry, Twenty-ninth and
Dolores sts. ~
THIRST-CLASS PRESSMAN— TAKE CHARGE
J of pressroom. Paclnc Printing Co., 643 Clay tit. j
LD .PROSPECTOR WANTS A MONEYED
partner. Address F., box 5, Call Office.
HKLP WANTED— Confirmed.
rpvvo-4 'HAIR BARBER-SHOP, DOING GOOD
" business; account disagreement of partners. In-
quire li.). Clay at., B. p U. secretary.
IJARBER-SHOP, OLD STAND. FOR3SALE;
oflice 0011 location; 4 chairs: cheap. Inquire this
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
m Pacific si., below Kearny: lodging half price, 6c.
me, 15c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
A FRESH EGGs, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
J chops, steak or ham. 10c. 635 Clay st.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
yj half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
Ay ANTED— ESTIMATES ON WELL-BOB"
II Ing. BURWICK bPINK, 604 Sutter st.
A PTIIMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
xxjlln^s Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM, 6 CENTS;
0 icecream and cake, 6 cents. Seattle Restau-
rant, 137 Fourth st.
\'P' WALDO house. 765 mission, BET.
. \v> aud *"h— Singlo furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $2 60; inK-room strictest at-
tention to morning caUs:clean;qulet: open ail night
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth. -
ll* INCH ESTER HOUSE. 44THIRD ST..NEAR
'i Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Es. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; HOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents,
DOOMS too TO 7Bc PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm si.
\V ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
» • cry su, clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessfnl; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
W ANTED — MEN TC) LiiARN BARBER
I 1 trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
LER KS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT:
/ac ts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 .My, tel. m. 353.
OU RQU IPTa CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPEK
-1J Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Suttersu
\V ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
c . a l i? l £ 3 D may brln 8 you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBLRN A 00.,o 0 ., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, \\ ashln«ton, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY-SING « ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
o £? c nts per n| Bnt8 nt - * 1 - $1 25. *1 60 per week.
I aciflc house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\\r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
IT era&clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SliC-
I» re'.arv Barbers' A sao.. 325 Grant aye. S. FCCH3.
I > ARBERS' PROTECTIVE t.MOS EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
IJARRERs' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
-" menu Secy. P. C. Hamann, 238Va O'Farrell.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
JJ sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
II to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
"' su: 200 rooms; best in the city atngie rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
VI EN'S i*,-SOLINi; 50c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
■m while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I ((AMEN TAKE LODGING \TlOc, 15c
-1 .'v/ and 20c a night, Including coffee and roll*
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
"lirE ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
I 1 your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission St., between First and Second Bts.
\ I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■>*' all grocers keep It.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Vs MARKET • ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $?. week.
"L"REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X also a bottl eof lager. sc, at 637 Clay st.
r pitY ACME UOuSii. J1..7 .MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: '-'ft a nlitht: $1 a wi>ek.
\\ AN I'ED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; .$1
II v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
na -room ■ dully pamr^. 36 Cl'av st.
FIKMTIUE WANTKD.
KCOND-HAND FURNITURE WANTED TO
0 fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall live.
\ MA LONE PAYS 20 PER IEN I MORE
-£»- than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURP. -211 Lark in.
URFOBE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
■!-> send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
SBASCH. 821 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
J3m 1 11 re, -saloons and merchandise; highest prices
H.MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 76L
/ "ALL ON J. C MUTHER. 521 KEARNY, IP
V.' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
rnrpets. pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
AGKNTS WANTKD.
AGENTS FOR THE "EARTH GIRDLED.' • by
-A He Witt Tal mage; good pay. 1031 Market. r. I).
HOUBKB WANTKD.
\\r ANTED ToIrENT BY J UN>I I^OOMFORT^
11 able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition: for small family.
Address lerms, PostofHce box 2651.
ROO3IS WANTED.
TWO sunny UNFU RN ISHE D ROOMS,
I inrge mid small; basement exempted. L., box
5. Call 0111-.-c.
STOKES WANTKD.
QTOBB wan: 1-: d FOB BRANCH BAKERY
0 and variety; rent not to exceed $10. Adaress
Fruit-store. 16 City Hall square.
PROPERTY WANTED.
nTANTED —AS OBCHARD HOME, WITH
II even -thins; complete. Address, with full par-
ticulars, terms, etc., F. H. GIBSON, 852 Mission
St.. San Francisco.
WANTKD-MISCKI..L.ANKOUS.
U'ANTKD-A l.ix VTIuX Ttl iil'KN a'sKW
harness shop in some coast town. Address
It. K.THOMAS, 513 Leavenworth st., S. F.
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES'. GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Halm, 316 3d.
ANTED— SECOND-HAND SAFE; MUST
be cheap. 65 Union at.
ANTED- estimates on well-boring.
'» Address BUBWICK SPINK, 504 Sutler st.
T\' i 1 national CASH REGISTER;
11. must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
\ir ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
II cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106. this ofiice. ' •
fc.LL YOU it HOOKS. CLOTHINU AND JEW
>~ .'lrv to A. KLEIN. '.09 Sixth lit.: send post -d.
FOR SALK^MISCKLLANKOL'S.
I"7c^R~S ALE^Je"rSEY COW 4 YEARS OLD
(third calf): fresh; 4 gallons rich milk; pretty
as a picture and gentle: every gallon makes 7
ounres of butler; price $10!) worth double. BAXEj
3278 Twenty-first it., near Valencia.
Oil. PAINTINGS OFFERED TO-DAY AT
half-price: U. S. Nay.-, The Oregon, san Fran-
cisco, Olyuipia, Charleston. Flying Defender, Cliff
House, Yosem'ite Valley, sail Francisco Bay,
Mount Shasta and many others. L. JONES, 647
Mission st.
1 ADY GOING EAST WILL SELL NEARLY'
XJ new $70 Domestic sewing machine, oak finish,
fors2scush. 2310y 2 Taytor st.
RIBUNE~RI CYCLE7'9S~ T MODEL, NEARLY
X new, at a bargain. C. W. TTING, 110 Sixth.
THRESH URHAM COW: GOOD MILKER;
X! or exchange for dry cow. 1312 Folsom st.
I JUNE PLUSH PARLOR SET. FINE~H ANG-
' ing lamp, carpet, hat rack, table set. 2 closets,
stove and pan. Call at 2205Vz Mason st.
omelTtic sewing machine, with at-
tachments, $12 60. 2437 Mission su, near
Twenty-Ins;. ■
pOMFLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
yj tinner's tools "iind machines: cheap. Box 129,
Napo, Cal. :y.
VKW 10x12 TENT; 2 HAMMOCKS; TRADE
—"I for cart, wagon or lumber. 115 Second St.
BARGAIN— I'HOiNIX BICYCLE, $25; FlRST-
class condition. 1 Cappst.
T?OB SALE— UNION TOTAL-ADDING cash
J register; price $25. J. L., box 64, Call Office.
1.-'OR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
■T 10 days; price $25. S. C., box 65, Call Office.
"I^IRST-CLASS SECOND-HANI) WASUING-
X ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
v N I I -! IA Ml GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
' ' sines; various sir."*: guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. ■
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
"L"! I RE-PROOF *AFE WITH BURGLAR
■I chest; cheap. D. N. HAW LEY, »18 Market.
I.> O I LKRS,ENOI>E»,2D-HANDMACHINERY^
J-> waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI-
XJ ture bought at the factory caves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co.. 61 First St., nr. Mission
|>UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
-» " cioors, mantels, etc.. tor gale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market su
L"IRK AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X presi, platform scales and desk: cheap, 103 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
■L> hand. \V. _ RAY Mfc Co., 12 California st.
IUUKTKIIS,. SHELVING. SHOWCASE*
'-- Pon»ht«od»oi(i liai]^ Market bet. 7tn and Ml a
_ BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELiS TO LET;
-1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell at. car lines.
PERSONALS.
TMPORTANT IN " HOME
X awaits BARNEY GOLDBERGER at 7 South
Park, city.
T) AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOR SALE;
a t also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
f- r C^r i l c ii w i? c '" hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland. Cal.
WA.NTED-TO KNOW WHEREABOUTS OF
I 'John J. 1 hurban. or Curry: also W. J. Powers.
?> r v P^ v . eIL Plea « e caU 917 Pacific St., R. p. RE-
ADOPTION-A respectable married
couple would like to adopt a child. Address
box 88, Call Office.
IJH>H ADOPTION— HEALTHY BOY BaRY- 2
X years of age: $2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress U.. box 285. Call Office.
WE HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF BILL-
II heads, letter-heads and statements on hand
which we are selling off at less than s;> per cent of
cost: you can buy them printed at less than whole-
sale price; come quick, while they last. J. C
HOWE, Commercial Printer, 636 Clay at.: tele-
phone 6989.
AD V ILK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.attyat-law, 850 Market st
AILOR-MADE SUITS. $10; CLOAKS, CAPES
X ana suits to order. 916 Market st. room 25.
P A RISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL: A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradn-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE. 25c; SHAM-
ahr-r^T, '-, 6 : manicure, 25c: lessons. MR&
BUTLER. 131 Post St., room 20.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed 25c ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
T IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ iry, etc ; lowest rates. 948 Market st.
C PECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER _ CO., MERCHANT
OTailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self •measurement
cards sent free; conn try trade solicited.
TRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
THE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
X ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name is G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
RE A D-T HE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
sociation offer a reward of $20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
"I I\C\l\ CARDS, * x 50: SHOW CARDS. 15c:
X ' l\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VEKMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
Xv fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-"» can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
lI.D'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY • ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
« dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"pARriNGTO.Vs"sCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton.K.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
Dr. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CI T V OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
/ Geary, remc7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. J.vUSSAUD.
V> IGOUTDOOR STEREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisement* in living light ; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
(UUAKS, CAPES A.ND .--L lIS RETAILED AT
J mfrs' cost. Factor-.-. SO *hnbw s:.. upstairs.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
■-■"■''-- " ]J J - A j ; '-' ----^- ■'----' - '- ■-'■'- ~^_2Z£
50 cts and $I— socts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investment*, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
hey locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the
lime required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
' world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in san Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. m. Sundays 2 to 6P. _.
Letters containing stamps answer* .
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
__ 1728 Market st.
\~N EXTRAORDINARY* DUO OF SPIRIT
-\- UALISTIC EXCELLENCE!
THE CONSUMMATION OF EVERY HIDDEN
TRUTH!
PROFESSOR AND MMX. HALE, PARLORS,
316 ELLIS STREET.
Without trumpets to herald their approach,
these eminent occult scientists are prepared to
unravel the hidden mysteries of life. Your past,
present and future Is to them an open book, and
your confidence will be treated with sanctity: let
none mislead you. PROFESSOR AND MME.
HALE are pre-eminent. ■_;■•* '.
—TRUTH WEARS NO MASK.
KNOW THY FATE.
Your destiny foretold. PROFESSOR M. L.
CARNELLE. the world-renowned clairvoyant and
business medium, gives correct advice on all mat-
ters of interest in business, law. mining, specula-
tion, love, matrimony, divorce, social of domestic
affairs: unites he separated, settles lovers* quar-
rels and causes speedy am happy marriajroawltb
the one of your choice: causes good luck in all
things by pro] advice; locates mines and buried
treasures; positively no impositions: reveals every-
thing yon wish to know concerning the future; let-
ters with stamps answered : business strictly con-
fidential; hours 9 to 9 daily and Sunday; parlors
220 Eddy st.
\IRS. ALLEN, TEST AND BUSINESS ME-
i>X dlum, mental and magnetic healer, 620 Mar-
ket st.. room 20.
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST., Ntt. 6TH;
X wonderful power: gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. ; tells of
your friends' and enemies' business: confidential
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8: also Sunday.
MMX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- render, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk at., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE TILLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee a 5 cents. 914 O'Farrell «t.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES, 25cT
gents, 50c ; readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
ME. LEGETTE: present, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
MME MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MM E. ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
■iiJL the world: 50c and $1. shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
Vf ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
J.II and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ET URN Ell, WORLD-RENOWNED M M
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MM K. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
MM E. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RE VEAL-
er by egg« and cards; tells entire life, pa.*t,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing txcepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st- nr. Larkin.
SJPIKITITALIS3I.
SLATE-WRITING AND TEST SEANCE TO- !
_ night. MRS. FULTON. 31 Fell st.
MRS. SURINER, TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHi ;
10c: sittings dally. 311 Van Ness aye.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: lOC. MME.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister st.: skeptics Invited.
A DDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER; NO FEE
-ex except as a gift. 1055 Market.
C CALIFORNIA SPIRITUAL CONVENTION.
\J Golden Gat? Hall, May 24 and 25. All welcome.
EARIiKt INDEPENDENT SLATE-WRIT
330 Ellis st., has returned from Los Angeles.
JoiTn slater, SITTINGS daily, 10TO 2
__ 865 1 2 Market st. .
Mrs. KATE HOsKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM :
■iiA sittings $1; circles Tuesday night 26c. 136
Oak st.
R^ J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton si.
M « > I ; a« . i . ~7!
rpUBNTTUJIi. PrA«6&*™TßiDSjEBi A~D-'
A vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0R.204 Post.
LARGE AIRY STORAGK-ROOM; FlRf-
proof building; cheap. 320 Sutter st.
"P H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION-STORAGE AT
x .reduced rates; basement storage, sl 50 per load
otoraoe-cheapestinthecity : fire:
kJ proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
T OWES!' RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. :»'erce, 735 Market.
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS:
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
APPLY FOR RATES STORING FURNI-
lure, eta SHIREK A sIIIREK. 747 Market.
—————-——--- _ __.
PHYSICIANS.
• REMOVED-DRTa C. ODONNELL ~TcTIS)B
J.*> Market su ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successfnl practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail."
' BUSINESS CHANCES.
"VTOTICE-PARriES W IS II /ngTto'sE LLRe£
J-i taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
CjOAA OLD-ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
t3SOV/V/. Good store trade and wagon route; bak-
ing 2 bbls daily. JOHNSTON. 26 V 3 Kearny st.
<3>inr»/-| FINE SALOON, WITH CIGAR-
tIpXUV'U. store, in country town; rent $45: pay-
ing business. 26i-ij Kearny su
WOOD AND COAL YARD, HORSES,
11 wagons, large stock, building; will sell at a
sacrifice; make offer. Apply 26 V 3 Kearny.
Candy-store" on MARKET st.; cheap.
\J. Apply 26% Kearny St., room 4.
O SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-bouse come see me. as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A KUSI- \
X ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CAL OON ON GOOD feTREET DOING GOOD
C 1 business: two rooms in rear: large yard: stable
in connection; must be sold; going away; rent $16.
1. I.IBELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ELEGANT GROCERY, WITH TWO TEAMS;
doing $75 per day business: paying well; fine
location; only reason for selling, going back to
Europe: Investigate this fine place. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
<Q»Q/\A FINE SALOON AND GKOCKRY:
•ji OUU, doing good business; full stock: fine
locality; rare chance for right party to make big
money: this is a snap and must be sold. T.
LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall square.
<S»9'AA GROCERY AND BAR. DOING
<© £>O\)\J , good business: cheap rent; fine cor-
ner stand: elegant stock: will bear fullest investi-
gation; only object for selling, other business: see
this fiDe buy. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CjOXA FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
tiJ;O»JL". paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. .
©]] 'A GROCERY AND BAR: FINE
<IpXXUI/. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business; in fine locality; will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
PARTNER WANTED, WITH $700, TO TAKE
X half interest in the manufacture of a patent for
removing wagon tires without injuring the felloe;
or will trade for small ranch: Investigate and see
patent. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
BRANCH BAKERY, CONEE( TIONERY AND
X> notions, with laundry office; fine location: op-
posit carhouse; rent cheap; good business; don't
fail to see this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
QjOAAA PARTNER WANTED IN WELL
fiii»J\/\J\J. established steam laundry in first
class runntnsr order; has the trade of leading
lodging-houses and restaurants: valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if properly attended; books open for inspec-
tion: full Investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market su
C9(W\ CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
<JiOUI/. ted up; good location: wholesale dis-
trict: offered at a sacrifice; own>rhas two places.
BTENBERQ CO., 632 Market st.
QT^A RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
♦IP I Uu. near large carhouse; neat, attractive
place: doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; retiring from business. STENBBHO
CO., 632 Market st.
<2j~l AAA FIRST-CLASS SALOON AND
•jjilUlfu, road house; at terminus of two car
lines: 8 magnificently furnished rooms; superb
bar fixtures: more than value In sight; rent only
415; does business that will justify investment at
$2000; thorough investigation allowed. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
CfOAA RESTAURANT, NORTH. NR. MAR-
«ipOI/U, ket, doing good business; value in
sight; full Investigation to party meaning busi-
ness: don't miss it. STEN BERG CO., 632 Market.
p ROCERY.BAR: YOUR OWN PRICE; MAKE
VT offer. STENBERG, 632 Market st.
»9OC BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
•>_,>). cies store; 2 living-rooms, bath, fur-
ni3ed ;suitahle for family. STENBERG, 632 Market
Q> 1 f\f\ GOOD PAYING FRUIT STAND,
<P IUU. well stocked. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J to-day. HEP ARTY, 1004 Market st.
HALF INTEREST IN A BUBIESS ESTAB-
llshed 20 years for sale or exchange for real
estate: lady or gentleman; full investigation given;
about $1700 required. See D. D. ALLARD, 114
Jones st.
PLACER MINE FOR SALE, WITH 640
X acres of land; a snap. See D. D. ALLARD, 114
■ Jones st.
|>LACKSMITH. WAGON AND REPAIR
i > shop; will sell cheap. DECKER, 1020 Market.
PE>TAUI«ANT AND COFFEE SALOON
Xt near Maze. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
IHHII B A BOA] N s SE E LIST.
I \J\.'\J Candy store for sale $ 400
Saloon, good, for sale 350
Grocery store tor sale 4000
Meat market for sale 360
Coffee saloon for sale 1000
Restaurant for sale 650
Coalyard for sale 275
Shoe store, country town, for sale
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth.
TO BUY, SELL OB EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
Qj 1 Z.JI SALOON NEAR THIRD AND MAR-
1 ♦'"■". kct; bargain. HI'S. STRAND, 45 Third.
T IQUOR-STORE: THIRD ST.; FULL VALUE;
XJ offer wanted. STRAND, 45 Third st. - '
pROgERY AND BAR; OLD ESTABLISHED;
VT near Market st.-. full value: good place for
man hnd wife. STRAND. 45 Third.
<J_CF~/l RESTAURANT WITH BAR; ES^
tJUiJv. taMished 20 years: clears $150 per
month. See GUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
Cjrf-f7k RESTAURANT, ON FIFTH ST., NR.
Oi)\J. Market: pays well: great bargain, on
account of departure. STRAN D, 45 Third St.
Qjl XA BRANCH BAKERY: 4 ROOMS;
«H> X UU. offer wanted. GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
<ajO,-A PARTNER WAX .ED IN LEGITi-
tHSOUV/. mate manufacturing business: manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in <— eat demand; trade Increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders Coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 608 Market st.
]V"OTICE— HAVING RUYERS WILLING TO
j-> invest In some legitimate business, parties de-
siring to sell apply KAI.Y, 23 Kearny st. •. . V
dl>l CfV LADIES. BARGAIN ; BRANCH
I '"'- bakery and variety -store: 3 rooms: !
Geary St.; 3 living-rooms. HEALY & CO- 23
Kearny st.
<Sj9XA GRAND CHANCE: PARTNER IN A 1
«JP_,»JU. cash business clearing 575 each month:
no night or Sunday work; must devote 8 hours
each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
ffi«99X LADIES. ATTENTION — BRANCH
•Tp_..£<iJ. bakery and variety store; 6 rooms: at
Mission: furniture included. HEALY, 33 Kearny.
HANTS' LUNCH AND LIQUOR SA-
loon; downtown; clearing $150 per month;
kept by present owner 13 years; object in selling,
going into wholesale Duslnes-is; full value; call
to-day. Apply HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
«s*qaa lunch-house and coffee sa-
<iptJ\J\J. loon; near Men o Park; clearing $100
per month; owner selling only on account of going
into hotel business. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
fit 'Jfjflj PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE:
»!T«JV/V/. cash trade: good place for man and
wife. MEEKs A CO., 8651/2 Market St.
4 LL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
places Of business try CI'IY BUSINESS
AGENCY, 865i.b Market st.
CM COO BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
<PI-OUV/. sale district; money-making place:
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 631 Cal'a.
BARGAIN— OLD ESTABLISHED CIGAR,
Candy and notion store; opposite university
gae, Berkeley; junction Telegraph-avenue electric
road: cars stop in iront of store. Apply on prem-
ises. ,
CITY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE— De. VOTED
to the residents of the Mission district; present
owner has made it pay, though very sick; good op-
portunity to Increase Income. Address T. F. 8.,
box b2, this office: or apply at this office for partic-
ulars. :-*-:
GREAT BARGAIN; MUST BE SOLD AS
owner is going north: branch bakery, notions,
candy, milk, butter, eggs, etc.; fine place tor ice
cream or coffee-parlor: sunny living-rooms. Ap-
ply 110 Sixth st., upstairs. V '-}
CORNER BAR ON KEARNY AND
,<®(J\J\J. California; established for years: good
paying place: no triflers need apply. WILKK <$;
WOLF, 531 California st.
QOAA FIRST-CLASS SALOON , OPPOSITE
tj\J\J. railroad station; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Apply 1402 Va'encla. cor
Twenty-fifth. J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st,
MARTI HOTEL -TO RENT. UNFUR-
■i-ii- nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms: in good
order. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
CIGAR-STAND; TO-DAY. 110 STOCKTON
\J street. ■' ": v.:- .;.
TjUNK RESTAURANT FOR SALE. APPLY
X Call Oflice.
STOCK OF POULTRY FOR SALE, EAST OAK-
kJ land. E. HILL, 34 Donohoe building.
(3* IAA SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY To
IT 1 ""- open butcher shop; finest location. An-
ply at once 111 fruit store, 1404 Polk st.
PARTINEK WANTED IN SALOON
»JSOUV/. and dance hall: clearing s3oo a month
WILKE A WOLF. 531 California st m ™™-
00 BUYS HALF INTEREST IN BEST
<pXA'V paying business In tho city; no comietl-
tion: call and Investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
1 F YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO SELL. BUY
X or exchange call on us; there is no equal to our
quick sales: never heard of it, and we always have
snaps for buyers; come at once. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. . . .
WANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
II with us; will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
iJkl 00 A JION ' TH SALARY; ALSO LARGE
fX UU profits for business man who can invest
$1000: wholesale business. W. 8., box 141, Call.
C;O()n GR iCERV AND BAR WITH LIV-
«^i«JUV". ing-rooms; free rent: good neighbor-
hood. WILKE A WoLF, 631 California su
ffi;9AA TO-DAY— PAYING CIGAR-STORE;
<t\DA\J\J. full value: sickness. 412 Kearny.
<('(!() HOIEL-24 ROOMS: BAR; FULL
tiI?"-*V/V. house; full value in sight: going to Eu-
rope; must sell immediately; . no agents. Apply
I 1326 c Harrison st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
LADY PARTNER IN RESTAURANT
<J» i 0. on busy part of Market St.; sure bargain;
rent $25. KENNY, 765 Market st.
<2» i£nn CASH $1000: HOUSE 95 ROOMS;
rj!4OUU. near Market and- Kearnysts.; here
17 years. KENNY, 765 Market st.
(T.Qfrfl PARTNER WANTED in saloon
♦S>OUV'. and lunchhouse In manufacturing dis-
trict: daily receipts $12 to $15. KENNY, 765
Market it. ' ' ' -
T.-OR SALE-BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
X/ cry. Apply 626 Valencia st.
ELEGANT FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS FOR
JU sale at a sacrifice and fiat to let; rent cheap.
358 Clementina St., near Fifth. ■ ■
Jt»7C CORNER SALOON AND FIXTURES;
«Jp IU. rent $20. 865 Bryant st.
PARTNER, A GERMAN, OR WILL SELL
X Al saloon and lunchhouse: good trade; only
$300; no agents. l\ G., box 114, Call < office.
L^OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
X I and cleaning; good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth St.. Santa
Bosa. ■
pORNER SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE:
\J 11 rooms; business part of city; present owner
conducting business for 12 years: no reasonable
offer refused: reason family troubles. Apply 101
Sacramento at.
"&TT/-^~"co.\L AND WOOD YARD: GOOD
«iT*) I O. business: must sell at once; engine and
boiler worth the money.trial given. Call 810 Sixth.
OTEL WANTED— TO LEASE A HOTEL
with bar and fixtures in good locality close to
city; price must bo moderate and full investiga-
tion allowed. Address C. G. R., Dimond P. 0..
A ameda County. C*K \
I AUNDRY FOR SALE— HEALTHY COUN-
Xj try town; old established; bargain. HENRY
LANGE, St. Helena, Cal.
fl_ 4";7i FINE SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS;
CP"f:«-H-'- fine stock and fixtures: billiards and
pool. 171b Clara st.
pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; GOOD BUSI-
\J ness and location. Apply this office.
ANDY-STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
Bargain.
ALBANY CASINO BALOON, 133 FOURTH.
•-»- NE. cor. Everett st., for sale.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS,
cigars, laundry; 4 rooms. 842 Railroad aye.,
Alameda. • . '. ■ •
/'ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
"I lady of means, with $35 capital. 12 Mason
St., rm. 2.
pENTRAL HOTEL IN SAN RAFAEL:
! \J lease, good will, stock and fixtures for sale at a
bargain. Apply at hotel.
\\T ANTED— 3 DA*: S ! NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
• I business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH & SERRY/935 Market st.
m*l RE\f\ RLACKSMI THING AND HORSE-
«U>X \jO\J. shoeing business; clearing $125 a
month; corner lot; shop, tools, stock: bargain;
going East. Owner, box 5, Call Office, Oakland.
TSOR SALE— FINE BILLIARD BUSINESS;
I- 7 tables: also cigar-stand: location central. For
further particulars apply to CHARLES P.
KERNS, Berkeley.
OR SALE — TELESCOPE HOTEL. SAN
Jose, broad-gauge depot. E. E. SIMPSON, prop.
ELICACIES STORE; WELL STOCKED;
XJ good location. Apply 836 Valencia St., Ruts's
bakery.
TT'LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN,
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8., ,
322 Pacific st., basement.
MUST BE SOLD BY JUNE I— WELL-PA
i-'X iriL-. long-established business; cheap rent;
make offer. Apply 106 Turk st.
PLENDID OPPORTUNITY TO OPEN BAK"
cry and delicacy store in connection with mod-
ern apartment house; trade from building alone
should pay all expenses; speaking tubes through-
out the house: rent very low to desirable party;
owner will take part rent in trade. Apply 26
O'Farrell st., room 16.
DO YOU WANT A CHANCE TO MAKE
money? First-class saloon: must be sold.
Address Chance, box 135, Call Office.
AT A REASONABLE PRICK: A GOOD- PAY-
ing cyclery; well situated and stocked with 21
high-grade bicycles in No. 1 condition. Address
A. P., box 118, Call Office. . .
A LOON FOR SALE. APPLY If THE
Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida sts.
rpo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
A LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS TO
-tV rent, cheap— lo9 acres of land: 17 rooms, un-
furnished; baths; beautiful location; 5 ruiles from
Martinet. D. J. WEST, Martinez. Cal.
/CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
\J business; 17 years same block. Apply this office.
OR RENT, UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
X I Jte House," Folsom, Ca!.. a 2-story frame no el,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and tine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cal.
GOOD PAYING UYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS-
best location. W. CR -NE. 324 Post at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QljOXfl LODGING- HOUSE~OF "9~ROOMS;
<"-«"• all sunny and in good condition; cen-
tral; near Market st.; low rent; selling through
immediate departure. JOHNSTON, 26V2 Kearny.
pORNER HOUSE; 11 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
V nished: price $175. STRAND, 45 Third st.
<311 50-ROoM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
"iTXtJV/V". iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 MarKet
tTpT ROOMS! FINE CORNER »150
X«Jl0-room house, worth $1000: price 400
40 rooms: tine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st ." 750
46 rooms on Market st 2501)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7City Hall aye.
(2» '> A LODGING-HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: ALL
_ -.OU. occupied: fine chance; don't miss this.'
MEEKS A CO., S6j% Market.
ONLY $150— FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH,
near City Hall: 20 rooms, clearing $30 month,
$600; 60 rooms, Suiter st., Clearing $200 month,
part cash before purchasing. Apply W. F. HEALY
it CO., 23 Kearny st. ■ < •
WILL SELL YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IN
1 1 2 days or treat. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
I A ELEGANTLY FURNISHED ROOMS]
XV money for businesswoman; central: low rent
C, box 4, Call.
II OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE^
22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted: gas; water; improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and in order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-bouse; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; 'reasons for sell-
Ing, owner retiring from business. Apply to owner
on premises.
<2« OO w NEWLY FURNISHED 6-ROOM!
<£>Zi£uJ. house: part roomed out. 402yc,;Geary.
©"] 7~ WELL FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9
<IDX 10. rooms for sale, rent low. 216 Seventh.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OK-
— «t* gan: low rent: a bargain. 40 Sixth st.
jfuknltuke fob SALE.
I^^R^aT^a^^sa^rlflc^-furniturk
of 7 rooms and bath, piano: centrally located
Address M. H., box 151, Call Office.
L"LAT OF 7 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
X sale; rent $18. Address 1416 a Howard st.
LARGE MIRROR. FINE DKSK: ALSO
Singer Taylor machine. 7 City Hall aye.
< I j|J \ 4 ROOMS; ALL NEW FURNITURE;
<~*Xl'U. at 27 Moss st., near Seventh. *
I FURNITURE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE
_ cheap; must be sold. 338 Golden Gate aye.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
-TV lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time; open evenings.
T?IRE SALE ! " '
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves .1 _ 750
Carpets, per yard „ 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner vent li and Mission sts, J.
NOON AN.
A(\i\ CARPETS; CHAM HER SETS, $14;
tV/V/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, ?20: folding- bed 4.
10; bed-iounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY lla 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ~~7j*
iJedlounges trimmed with plash $5 59
Brussels Carpet, laid ....45c up
Enerlish Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In 5 colors 250 up
BHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st* opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CAKPJET CLEANING.
'TS'beaTE ASTERN STEAM C ARpTfiT~ITLEAi£'
VT Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Gbaht.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
/-IARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3nT
\j Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
II poorworlt send toSPAULDING's Pioneer Or.
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama si. ; teL So -To.
poNKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 128. .
CIITYHTEAM CARPET CLEANING,RE"SrOVA-
-1 ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mKr . Tel.' South 250.
n REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
\J ing works; latest Improved machinery • 3c varti
O. GEORGE,offlce 11 Eighth St.; phono Je»ri«3s3[
Ri>EJa CLEANED AND RENOVATED'
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- t«L
Sooth 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., sncSrl
T K« MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
I MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REV-
O . ovivting works. 453 Sievenson: tot, south 223.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
A^n^i^^ 0^ 0 SO]LI> ' EXCHANGE^"
x*. renteo. repalreU; lowest rates. 205 Fourth it.HOUSKS TO IKT. -"..'■
8 m^S; gM^yi^°9Ma^yP3A'--H; RS« t ;
*- $2, 50. 70b 1-olsoma
SiS^ 1202 GOLDEN GATE AY_ M NFAR I
• •'•'. Webster st.: 10 rooms and bath- sunny
finely finished. ASHTOX _ GARDINER, 411 !
Montgoracr.- St. . ' !
VKNIENT HOUSE; 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
yj St., off Howard, near si -. -nth.
H^?!-C?" OR * LARGE >unny koomS
loS Silver st., near Fourth.
HOU BB OF 5 ROOMS: SUNXY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina SL
UOUSF. 9 LARGE SUXXY ROOMS, BATH.
XI laundry: can be used for 2 families: beautiful
raraen. _b Elgin park, near Ridley, above Va-
lencia.
I ' " uK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PIKE AND
-t-< Scott. $:_: 9 room house, -6 Franklin, near
M_r*eL..3B: reduced $12 each.
«<HU HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
QOVJ. 1723 c;av it., near Van Ness aye.
"WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
treat people right. BALDWIN <_ HAM-
NUN D 10 Montromer-.- v.
FIKMSUKD HOUSKS.
AT BELMOXT— FURn7sHED~"rESIDENCE
14 rooms and staole; rent no object to re-
sponsible people. Apply to IMIisEX _ CO., 14
Montgomery «L
(COTTAGE to LET— O ROOMS: neatly
J furnished. 3935 Twenty-fifth St., near Church.
EVEN-ROOM HoTsE" FO~R BALE; EVKRV-
-0 thing new; no agents. Apply Call Office.
<5* f^fl GOUGH ST., NEAR CLAY— 7 ROOMS,
*- *Jv/. hath: comfortably furnished, including 1
piano; will lease for 1 or 2 years. Apply to BALD-
WIX A HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery A".
_, COTTAGES TO LET.
QIO SUM KS; CaROS >al:d AJTD
V. I<J. chicken yard. 721 Twenty-rirst St., !
a bone Valencia. j
9 COTTAGES. 3 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH; |
— <• cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant su, nr Twenty-fifth. I
fl_l_L XEaT COTTAGE OF 4 KOOMS AMD I
O-l bath. 1831 Union, near Laguua. I
(}_7 !*: A COTTAGE OF 3 KUUMs; GOOD OR- !
<1T • .O\'. der; water free. Apply premises 9-15
Bryant su, near Eighth, or room 79, b*-b Mont- j
eomery.
FLATS TO 1. 1 1 .
FREN re: S ■"H 'I i.NANTS
-T (half to one month): prices lrom $6 up. ,
SPECK _ Co., 602 Market st. •
9 . SHOTWELL— S SUNNY ROOMS; BATH ; j
—t: »tarionar>' tubs: rent $20.
1 1 >,; fULTuN— FINE middle FLAT OP 7 j
J- 1 O rooms and oath : $-8. I
TtPI-ER" FLAT, 2915 LAGUXA ST.. BET. J
VJ Union and } .:•. r : 7 rooms and bath; rent
$20. Apply at DAVID STERX _: SONS, 20
Montgonierj'St.
SOUTH BRODERICK, near FOUR-
t<-e_;h; flat, 6 sunny rooms; rent $14.
 - >1 Q FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-SI- j
— .— .l «./ (sirs: 5 sunny rooms, bath: low rent.
ftin FLAT 3 ROOMS: YARD. 170b" SAN
>. IV. Curias aye., near Eighteenth st.
9Q-I Ol BL'SH-CPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ]
— JIO2 rooms and bath: cheap; good view.
E -EGANT XEW CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS
and baih; sun all round; carpels for sale; 1418 '
Ellis st.: rent £35. including water. MADISON _. I
BURKE, 626 Market st. j
3T~U LPFEIi FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH. j
V-L •-/. 1625 V2 Pine Bt.. above Van Ness aye.
_A # 7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM |
"l"l V Castro cars: lovely ranny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern Improvements; rent only $16; :
water free.
3 ~SUNNY BAY-WINDOW .ROOM*; BATH:
basement: key at 19 Hampton place, off Fol-
som. near Third.
"1 J.QQ MCALLISTER, NR. SCOTT— MODERN
X'XOU aat; 6 rooms; bath; $J7 SH: water free,
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
I —.i* bath: light sunny yard,
Q] 7 5 SUNNY ROOMS: MODERN IM>
•_ X < . provements. 20 Albion aye-, off Fifteenth
St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
QIO 3 LARGE F.OOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
-0 *- O. teenth, above Valencia. ;
LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; PORCELAIN
-»— bath and basement; cor. Twenty-third and
Castro sis.: $13; 544 Castro st., upper "flat 6 rooms
and bath, 917 50.
TAPPER FLOOR 5 ROOMS; 914. b HOWARD
U court, o_ Howard s:., near Fourth.
TAPPER FLAT OF SLARGE ROOM-. 133 LILY
L aye.: key grocery, corner Page and Ociaviasts.
■VTEAR CITY HALL; ELEGAXT FLAT OF 5
*-> rooms: latest Improvements; $23. 143 Grove.
ODERN SUNNY UPPER corner flat,
6 rooms: bath: stable. Southwest corner
Hattie and Merriit, bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth sis.
1 CAT STEIXER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
— CV." I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms: bath.
TOO PAG E — MIDDLE FLAT " B~' LEG ANT
__._. sunny rooms with, bath; modern Improve- i
ments.
I^LAT. 5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, 1120 EAR-
rison St., nr. Seventh.
lift ASH AYE., XR. MCALLISTER, ABOVE i
HO Polk ; sunny fiat ; modern ; $15.
IC I Q_ MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH 5 !
— «-)JLO beautiful papered rooms; ba:h: lanndrj'.
4 AND 5 ROOMS; BATH; 91 1, *12, 913; ELEC-
"trie lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
pORNER FLAT. teUX IX E VERY Ki'.OM: 6
\J rooms: latest improvements. 1541 Eddy st.
LTPPER FLAT: 6 SUNNY ROOMS. 60S
' Stevenson St., near Sixth; rent $18.
UXNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; Sl3 and $13. 1706 Post su
T OWER i-LAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
Is eide of street: rent 99 a month. 416 Ringold
■_, bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Foisom.
79^?1 MCALLISTER— FLAT; 6- ROOMS;
• >U2 modern improvements: rent reduced.
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery su
VLEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J— low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
HOUSEKEEPIXU KOOMS.
Brannan Street.
79' BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— SUNNY
I —O kitchen ana bedroom, fnrnlshed; 97.
Clinton Park.
999 CLINTON PARK— 2 SUNNY UXFUR-
—•—•—• nished rooms for light housekeeping; mod-
erate. ____^
K_dr Street.
Q-J 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
•/I I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private tamily.
Kills street.
'AC ELLIS— 2 SUNN'S ROOMS. FURNISHED
U\JO complete for housekeeping; large yard.
- Q*) ELLIS— IXJUR SU :> N V UXFURXISHED
•JO— i rooms, with bath.
.Fourth Street, x
OJY' FOURTH— SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
_•'— U and housekeeping: families; newly fur-
nished; day, week or month.
1 9A FOURTH ST.— CLEAN SUNNY RoOMS,
J — «U single or double c.mp:e:e.
-iftn Street.
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN: BATH;
CO- water; nochildren; private 314 Fifth st.
t>e»ry Street.
Q9Q PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
O— sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all neces-
taries. 1917 Geary si.
Harriet street.
U HARRIETT, BET. FOLSOM AND HOW-
ard— 4 nice housekeeping rooms. ■
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN. NEAP. VALENCIA— I OR 2
— .O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. • .' •
Hickory Avenue
m HICKORY AYE.. NEAP. GOUGH— TWO
i OX housekeeping rooms, furnished, $7.
Jackson Street.
IHI Q JACKSON. NEAR MASON — FUR-
JLUIO nished sunny front, large housekeeping;
$4 to $9.
Jessie mi. •>••..
*)GP JESSIK-FRONTP.OOM AND KITCHEN
— -OU for man and wife.
Kearny Street. .
9OA KEARNY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
_.O" gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Market Street.
9AQQ MARKET— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
_.I/t7O nished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
aicAHUier -treet.
AAI MCALLISTER— B SUNW ROOMS: FUR-
rr*l i lilsned compute for housektepiug; $12.
3i(»ktnn street.
Q - MISSION — SUXXY HOUSEKEEPING
tJU'J rooms: single and en suite; rent, $6 up. -
PrCfl MISSION. Nit. SECOND— 2 ROOMS;
JO 1 furnished complete for light hooseke ping.
IOIQ MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X—i — keeping rooms: gas: bath: no children.
19X1 MISSION, COX. NINTH -2 COZY
I_Jl housekeeping rooms: $10.
Ninth Street.
QH NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET— FRONT
—\J hous^kt-epini:: 2 to 4 rooms: suites; single;
stove; gas: 910 up; also 232 Eighth nU, $6 up.
Oak Street.
Ql OAK-CLEAN SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
Ox roorus; famished; Mb! km: rent reasonable.
H«)r«:K*E|!PING^JROO3IS - Continued.
O'l-arrell Street.
Q97 O'FARRELL-3 OR 4 NICELY FUR-
*J~ • I Dialled housekeeping rooms.
Page Street.
mPAGE — FURXISHEDI«;FROXT BAY-
window bousekeepicg room: conveniences;
reasonable.
Perry Street.
1A (' PERRY — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
— I\J housekeeping rooms: terms reasonable.
"I LSI- PERRY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
-Ll*- 1 apd kitchen: housekeeping.
Polk Street.
innO POLK -ELEGANT SUITE OF TWO
1 vui back rooms in modern apartment rouse;
separate kitchen, sink, etc.; large closets, all con-
veniences; no lodgers; rent *12 60: references
exchanged.
Scott Street.
11 O SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
J- •— O Ing rooms; partly lumisced for housekeep-
ing.
Seventh Street.
1 P-7 SEVENTH— LARGE, NEAT ROOMS FOR
XO t housekeeping: $8 up. '■
sixth Street.
c \9/l 1 SIXTH-2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
O~^t'i or furnished rooms; suitable for 2. j
Taylor Street.
I (\Q TAYLOR- SUNNY &INGLE ROOMS,
X UO also housekeeping; rent low.
1 urn, .street..
09 1 TURK 2 LOVELY UNFURNISHED
O— I rooms; gas; stove; prate; closets; running
water.
CLTON Hnu^E, 220 3D— SINGLE SUITES
\J light hou^eke<'ping: *5 up: brick bldg.: yard.
QO A THIRD — 2 UXFURXISHED UOCSE-
'— ' — keeping rooms: water included; rent $6. 57.
Wahlunptuii -treet.
WASHING TON — PINNY UXFUR-
UU_, nished hoasakeeplug rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous.
3 NICE ROOMS; HOUSEKEEPING FOR 2
ladies or man and wife: pleasant part of Mar-
ket ut.: r<?nt *11. <}. L.. box 6. (.ail < trice.
KOOMS TO LKT.
Eddy Street.
XQA — NICE FURNISHED DOUBLE
UOVJ front room with grate; $7. .
i\\ M — XICELY BURNISHED LARGE
yJ-*-<J front bay-window room: also front single.
— -dy Place.
1 9 EDDY— LARGE SUNNY CORNER BAY-
J-_i window front room and side room; cheap.
— J_rith Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 6TH
s:.. cear Market: furnished and unfurnished.
—ills street.
ELLI?, COR. LABKIX-SUXXY FUR-
\JOO nished room for 2; 313.
HE RAMOXA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
— HART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water.
Hi DALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IO« ROOMS
at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Eleventh Street.
m ELEVENTH — TaRHE FRONT ROOM:
also (-mall room: furnished or unfurnished.
1 i.imiii street.
OOn FOLSOM ST. — FURNISHED SINGLE
O— <\/ rooms: $1 per week.
Fourth Street.
IOTI FOURTH =T.— NICE. SUNNY FRONT
— O I•£ room, suitable for lor 2 gentlemen.
Otury ■•tree:.
199 GEARY— FROXT ROOM, SUITABLtI 1
100 or 2 persons: terms reasonable.
CAT GEARY — ELEGAXT BAY-WINDOW
OUI rooms: mantel, closets: handsome new cor-
ner fiat.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
x handsomely furnished suites, sine!? rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Vas Ness aye.
(joioen < hip Avenue.
OO(\ GOLDEN GATE AVE.— SUXXY FI'.OXT
OOLf bay window room: also single rooms. 56;
reference
♦ •reen Street.
71 f\ GREEN— LARGE, NEWLY FURNISH-
•X U d room, $6 per mon :_ .
Howard Street.
FLAT OF 7 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
sale; rent $18. Address 1416 a Howard St.
979' HOWARD— SUXXY SUITE OF ROOMS
— < I — for two gentlemen or for light housekeep-
ing; very reasonable,
Oessie Street.
9(?£ JESRIE— FURNISHED ROOM FOR GIRL
— iUU or woman working out.
<ione* Mreei.
n7 JONKS-NICKLY FURNISHED SCXXY
I single room; also sunny alcove room.
907 •'" >ES- ThL VAN WISKLB: NEW
— .V/ I management: *le?ant tunny unit*^ anl
Hagle; newly furalthed; bam, etc; Slo to f.Vi.
Kearny S>treoi.
A RLIXGTOX HOUSE, 127 KEAR*VY-PLKA«"»
— — ant sunny rooms, en sul:«and igle; _r»; v
:t *-rery respect : terms reawonaala.
Lark in street.
J9Q LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
*J — O nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
JO _ LEA VEX WORTH, COR. O'FARREL—
J — — 2 front connecting rooms; with dressing-
room and private bath: ago front bay-window
rooms; house entirely renovated ana newly fur-
.pished. •
ai-rket *iree;.
"I 1] D MARKET-SINGLE ROOMS. $125-
-j -lIP larger, 9i to $3; suites. 9$ up; transient-
, V ObEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 x night, Ssc to »1; week, f 1 50 to $5- families.
McAllister Street.
mMcALLISTKR-LARGE. SUXXY UN-
i llv fnrnlsiied room. $5 per month.
9 MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
~t 1 — . window parlors, unfurnished; also single
rooms.
704- MCALLISTER— SUXNY BAY-WINDOW
I \J~x room: bath, hot and cold water: reference.
'..Biiion reel.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION*. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms; all modern improvements: ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
UROPK HOUSE, 1169 .MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Miuni street.
(K(KI MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— XEWLY FUR-
OD 1 nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Octavia Street. .
1 Af\O OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY— SUNNY
llvu furnished bay-window room: kitchen.
Polk street.
Ql Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
-OLO nished alcove: bath, running water, gas,
etc.; comforts of home; new carpets and furniture;
also tinted singie newly furnished rooms; gentle-
men only; reasonable. .
Post Street.
no NICELY SUNNY FURNISHED
{jYJij rooms by the week; very cheap.
i'owell Street.
99' POWELL. COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
_.—«J sunny, single front furnished rooms.
Sacramento Street.
1/11/1 SACRAMENTO— PLEASANT SUXXY
J.tt 1 _ furuisjied rooms: private family; for two
gentlemen or husband and wife; bath and running
water: convenient to cable cars.
MltliMr»»i.
11 Q SIXTn (SARATOGA)— NEWLY FUR-
x 1O nished single rooms, »1 60 to $5 a week.
SIXTH —CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely tarnished double and single rooms.
Sixteenth Street.
nnnn SIXTEENTH. COR. HOWARD-SUN-
_«7V- ny front room for gent; closet; Jftt month.
Stevenson Street.
<9' STEVENSON. N P.. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
_«_iy large rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton street.
1 Ol A STOCKTON — SONNY' FRONT ROOMS;
J. O X a. single; en suite: also doctor's office : cheap.
suutr street.
~(\f\ SUTTER. CORNER POWELL-SUNNY
t)UU front suite, furnished or unfurnished: other
rooms. 1 I - -
7AQ SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I UO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
BUTTKR-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
( _ .'> private; gentlemen; reference If required.
Taylor Street.-
-1 AQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS. *2 A WEEK;
X\JtJ also double parlors, separate beds, $20.
1 Q~TA~ Y LOR — NEWLY FURXISHED SIX-
-1 _•" gie front room, with hot water; bath; $2
per weak. -
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— 3 LARGE
•tinny rooms; board or housekeeping.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1890.
K<><)M^^TO^L.KT-Contlnned.
'lurk Street. "* """
99 TURK-FRONT AND BACK PARLORS
— '— furnished; with or without board.
Valencia street
COO VALENCIA-LARGE BACK PARLOR
I _.<J nicely furnUhed, with use of par or if de-
sired; suitable for man and wife, or dressmaking;
I— — reasonable.
1043 1 VALENCIA- SUITES, $15;
1 ut;)3 also single rooms f heap.
BOABDIXG AND KOOMS.
C 9 9*GEARY— FRuXT ROOMS: RUXNING
C.'__ water: good table board; single or suites.
71 9 POST— NICE LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
I -L— < with board. *20 per month.
I Q1.9 BUSH-1 LARGE SUNNY ROOM:
-Ol— i nicely furnished.
OTEL BERTLIXG. 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
— » ronvpnlfnc-o< . <
CHILDIiKX BOARDED. ~~
\\ r ANTED— 1 OR sThiL'TreN To'boAßiT;
*' good home. 1043*.«. Valencia st.
WA NT ED- THE CAR£ OF AN INFANT.
» ' Call or address 22 Laidley st. »
LADY WISHES CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD
X* home. 14 Oak st.
GERMAN WOMAN" WISHES CHILDREN TO
*J board; mother's care; good home. 318 Twenty-
fourth corner Treat aye.. over fruilstore.
'ANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD-
'' good home. 1048 M. Valencia St.
——————————___ _____
STOKKS TO LKT.
T^muTcORXER T STOR _^W ffIT"^_L_AIV;
I j will fix to suit tenanu 1065 Howard, co.ner
Moss.
T/IXE CORNER STORE. WITH FIXTURES; 3
— ■ rooms and stable; rent low. 600 Ninth st.
"pi A' HO WARD -TO LET. AN OLD-ESTAB-
— XKJO Hshed fruitstore: rent $20.
"||- POLK — DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \JO let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established; rooms In rear; line chance for
somebody.
|?OR RENT— IX MAYFIELD. SAXTA CLARA
I c0.,ca1.,a brick store 30x60. Including counters,
and shelving. Inquire C PUCKER. :■■ >-. ;:.- -.
OFFICES TO LET. ~~ '
q^T^rXTTKET. uTpT^Ta^o^loftS of
000 various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
/ CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
VJ Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
rtoes, beau, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or '■. H. UMBSEX _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
_^^^ stables to LET.
iSeautiful large stable:"_4l4^"cali-
JJ fornia sU: rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
cle building.
. EDUCATIONAL.
"TtTEXD STIEHiys^COL-ET^ET^TliAit^
-r_ ket st., San Francisco. • The best in the West."
Ooe month in penmanship, shorthand, typewrit-
ing or bookkeeping, $1. Trial lesson free.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
OACHIXG— U. C. STUDENT DESIRES TO
V do coaching in mathematics and physics; terms
reasonable. Address H. J. C, 626 Po k st.
JOSEPH GREV-N, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth su
IJOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM It
XJ A nuht : nocla«se» month. 845 Mist lon
OOKK__PI.sG-&CHOOL— PE X Man's H|l l-
artitunetlc. taught in 6 weeks. 5 Stockton, rm. 3,
DE FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
bollding. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
GVlIAl; MAXDOLIX. PIANO AND VOCAL
\J tfssons: f 3 mo. MA KY \VE THAI"S. 39 Fifth.
QPAXISH. FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
0 and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; <3 m. Maze bld..r.a7.
VJP_NL>U. FRENCH, GERMAN -.MODERATE.
*-■ Melsterschaft school Languages. 122 O'FarreU s:
A YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
_ _ leg«». 325 Montgomery su; Individual instruo-
ticn in shorthand, Ing, bookkeeping, etc.: ;if«
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
UKUisCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
— > Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
HOOL _L_CTKICA_. CIVIL. MIXING. MB-
O cbanlc— i engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. "64. VAN DEB NAILLKN. 7S3 Jlku
HEA-b'^BU^NE^JrcOLLEGE, -.'4 POST^T7
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer, ng, telegraphy, niOdsrs
langnagea rapidly taught. Wnt«for cataiogna,
V lvii i Si:i(O'U;lihAl.L'>Bl>.l.l.U.>.i.
— Post : com m»rcial. m,. - hand. Enclish: low p» -
V •' ' L MANDOLIN. CELLO. BANJO. Ki.A>
> .(,■ li-» PROF. FV.AXi lint:, Va>ir»
MUSICAL IXSTKUMEXTS.
"DEFOKE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS. 1 . BUSH
-— » ii Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD TONE;
most be sold. Storage-bouse. 211 l.arklnsu
UPRIGHT GRAND HAP.DMAX; LIKE NEW!
*->' wonderful tone: elegant case; perfect condi-
tion: offered by private party a: your own price: a
rare opportunity; for Immediate sale. Room 10,
SO9 Market su
OBLIGED TO SACRIFICE A MAGXIFI-
cent Steck piano; make offer. Room 21, 609
Market sU
1 -ING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices legs than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. «1 : 5: mandolins. $3 35; guitars. 33:
actoharps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY bOOTT, 929
Market St.. SpreckPls building.
wl'>". FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
V J.—«J. McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
OHMKR. STECK, STEIN AY. STATH AM
O second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
ffljinn Marshall upright: sherwood
QJ-UU. upright, $150. BHUESX'B, 228 Post.
ANX UAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
-V plauos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAC VAIs . 769 Market st. \
OHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., STEIN WAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
Pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payment*: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and'Sn:ter.
SHAW, 575: STEIXWAY. «215: SQUARE.
*25; rented 82 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis ■;.
A RKIVF.D-LOT OF CELEBRATED HUiH-
r^era^^L^E^R^'^^h 1^ "" ""^
nOXOVKK PIAXO: AS OOOD AS NEW
great sacrlfioe. TiM> i. Y». w_suK co_.
PAM. X6H Post bL
pHICKEiiiNG. KNABK BTECK.VOSE. BTER-
Vv ling pianos: see our new ptano Iorll87; pianos
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ _ >O.V, HJoFarreii.
BY RON MAUZY. 308 POST ST.-SOHMEU,
Newby A Evan*. Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, -ITHERM. OLO&NKW
OH. 1.1 I ■:::. maker, repairer. 2 1_tham nl«ca.
LOST.
OST-DARK-BRbwX SPANIEL d6g~~rT'-
turn cor. Eighteenth and fchotwell sis. I liberal
reward.
L~OST- YOUNG PUU DUG. RETURN TO 18
Webster su; rewaro.
OST— VIOLET PIN, DIAVOXD CENTER'
crescent of small pvarln. Return to grocery-
store,cor. Webster and O'Farreil: liberal reward.
osr— PAIR GOLD-KIMMED BPECTACLFS
on Eighth st- Return 120b Eighth su; suit.
able reward.
OST-A PASSBOOK WITH TUB HIBERXIA
Savings ad loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of CYRUS D. HO>'T: No. 71-105. The
finder will please return to bank. .
LOPT-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and I<oan Society of ban Francisco In
the name of LAURA MULLINS, No. 207674
The rider will please return to bank.
OST— LIGHT-YELLOW DOG; HAL* 3H_P~
herd and St. Bemar.l. Return 743 Eighth aye
near D St.; C. W. BAXDLE; reward. . *
QOll REWARD FOR THE RETURN OFOXE
O — ' ' alligator han»l satchel, m arked "O. T. X "
containing papers and manuscript of no value ex-
cept to owner. Return with contents to C. H.
COOK, 737 Marie; st., first floor, and receive re-
ward.
O»T— FROM 704 XATOMA HT..ON SUNDAY
forenoon (17lh Ins— .,) a long-haired, silver and
tan-colored, Yorkshire terrier-bitch; no collar: is
old, an 1 answers to name of "Dot." A reward
will oe paid for her return, or for Information
about her by A. A. WIGMORE. 147 Bpear st.
OS!"— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERXIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francivco. in
thenameof AG.VbS PRESTON or JoHN PUSS-
TON: No. 06.171. The finder will p!ea«e return
to bank. - ■ -
J' s 7oT : ?rD^^iGlrrtB JAY^TToRHiiT'oNI-: """ s"h ok
1 off behind, on hills at Potrero: owcer can re-
ceive same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. JOHN HALL. Mariposa and Vermont gts.
ATTOKXKVS-AT-LAW.
A^^b vTceTFree— 7>iv?n^E^LXw!rX^sPEt:i-
Jt\. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-ai-law. 850 Market.
EO. W. PHELPS.ATrOi:XEY-AT-LAW. 215
Sansome st., room — -
f E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
xj. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
J. NOLEN, ATTORN_Y-AT-_A\V. 719
• Market su: vice free. - •
J. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice fixe. 'ii Sixth su, rooms 14, 15.
\\T \V. DA VIDSOX.ATTORXEY-A HAW, 4 JO
TT . C- LUoruU si., rooms 11 ana 10; ndviOt* U(,*«. ,
.^-i- CITY KKAL ESTATK.
O~YOU WANT
A LOT AT YOUR OWN PRICE?
If so go to-day and see the 100 beautiful building
sites we will sell at auction Monday evening. May
25, at 7:30 o'clock at our salesroom. 11 Montgom-
ery st.; all level and r<>ady to build on: terms
most liberal; $10 on fall of hammer an 1 $10 a
month; YOU MAKE THE PRICE: take Mission-
st. electric cars; ride to Francis st.; you will find
our Dranch office and representative, GEORGE a.
TURNER: office open everyday in the week, In- ■
eluding Sunday, from 9:30 a. _. till 5 p. m.
O'FARKELL dfc CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
4 T THE SALESROOM OF O'FARRELL <fc
_X Co.. 11 Montgomery si.,
Monday evening. May '.'5, at 7:30 o'clock, we will
sell a: auction a list of beautiful lots.
100 OF THEM— 2SxIOO EACH.
All level and ready to build on: but 28 minutes'
ride from the City Hall; without doubt the finest
low-priced lots on Hie market; as to price, we
leave that to you— make the price." Terms—
$10 on the fail of tbe hammer, balance Slo a
month.
it will cost you but 5c to visit this superb offer-
Ing, and it you want a lot for home site or invest-
ment you will look no farther; no sand; no moun-
tains: uo rocks; no swamps.
To visit this property take Miwlon-st. electric
cars, ask the conductor to ston at Francis st. : you
will there find our branch oitice and representa-
tive, GEORGE A. TURNER, who will sbow you
over the property and furnish any further infor-
mation. O'FARRELL A CO., Auctioneers.
\ BEAUTY-LITTLE 12-ROOM PACIFIC
-TV Heights home: 515.500; X£ cash; balance
$100 per month. Address * box $2, Call Office.
AL HOBIGER. LOUIS A. SOCC.
I A. bOUC _ CO.,
J.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH
As we mak« a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot, we can save you lime and
money by calling on us at once. i
(2 17fin 30x114; HERE IS A CHANCE TO
«J*-i I Ul». secure an elegant home, In the warm
belt of the Mission on easy terms: $2000 cash, bal-
ance can remaiu; bay-window house of 8 rooms, j
bath, laundry; all in Al order; street biluminlzea; j
worth #6000.
-•."'.-^A 25 * 9 °: MISSION st, NR. BOTH- i
iji) i O\J. boose 8 rooms and bath: could at |
small cost be converted into Al business property;
the lot is worth more money.
<_ iT f\f\ 25x114: 19TH s-T.. NR. VALENCIA:
O'ilUU.the cheapest flats _ the Mission:
modern bav-win<io>v flats of 6 and 7 rooms and 1
bath- laundn r and basement: street work all doer.
C'^.^,riA- 6 x114: 20TH ST., .\EAR VALEN-
t?OOV'\J da; bay-window house: 8 rooms and
bath: $3500 .an remain on mortgage.
Q!lT\fUi 30xiu: LIBERTY st., nr.guer-
C'lUUv. rero: bay-window house: 8 room*:
bath: lanndry; Nob Hill of the Mission: grand
-nA VALENCIA. NR. 20TH; LOT 29x
ij:Oi)UU. 90: bay-window house: 8 rooms and
bath: could at small cost be converted into busi-
ness property.
w-Oi'llA 26x125: CHATTANOOGA ST.. NR.
•S_.UV»U. 22d: ,-tizy cottage of 5 rooms and j
bath; in perfect order: fine garden.
wrQfiHfk SAN CARLOS AYE.. NR. 19TH— '
•j-OU'Mf. 2-story house of 5 rooms and bath: !
street work all done accepted.
<_ OCA/I 25x80; LEXIXGTON AYE., NEAR
O_._UU. 19th— 2 na:s, 4 and 5 rooms; rent
$28; street work all done and accepted.
Our list comprises some of the best property In j
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission: call and get a list aod prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with as.
L. A. SOUC _ CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.,
near 16th.
LOTS $350.
$5 CASH, *5 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK DONE. i
We can sell you lots In the Castro-st. Addition at i
price and terms as above; electric-cars pass the J
property; all the streets are gradea, sewered and '
macadamized; water pipes laid; title perfect; go i
out to-day and see them: take the Guerrero-si. I
electric cars (Mission or Valencia, transfer at 14th j
st.) and ride to Cbenery and Castro sts.; branch
office there; call for particulars.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
ICHM'JNI) BARGAINS.
it The few remaining lots on 25th avenue, be-
tween Pt. Lobos avenue and Clement street,
will be sold for $:!5 cash and 810 monthly.
Prices 375 and ward.
FOURTH AM) FIFTH AVENUES.
Choice building lots on 4th and sth avenues. '
Lake and California street*; $1000. etc; I
sewered. macadamized, eta Terms $50 cash. I
10 monthly.
BALDWIN <t HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st. .
/ ■ UING! GOING! ~ ~~" ~
\J AND NEARLY ALL GONE
Thlrty-flve lots already sold In that beautiful
block bounded by California and Lake streets, 11th !
and 12th avenue*.
PRICE $700 ONLY.
$50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
All street work done. School distant one half
block, -utro electric cars one block away.
Baldwin <_ HAMMOXD,
10 Montgomery st.
ARGAINS.
SPLENDID INVESTMENTS.
LOTS FACING THE PARK.
Go out to-day and see the bock we have just
enbdivlded.
LOIS OX 9Tn AYE.
LOTS on 10TH AYE.
LOTS OX H ST.
LOTS OX i ST.
The block has Just been graded, sidewalks have
been laid in front of every lot. Water and gag
piped to the prot-erty. The prices arc only
«750T051100.
$50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
These lots will prove splendid invest— and
we adv»<» you to see them at once and secure
your choice. BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
mca-ee brothers,
real estate BROKERS
and financial AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
I f x r\ FOR HOFKMAN-AVF. LOT. NR.
C>i-O\J\J Twenty-fifth St.; b0x125; big lot for
tne money; make offer.
s_Q £»fin twenty-fifth st., nw. cor-
•_•'•'"'• ncr: 50x75; level and ready to build
on: fine for a grocery or other store: tenant ready
to take it: street macadamized and sewered:
wooden eidewalk: no mor:ca;e; owner would ex-
change fcr Western Addition d .veiling or flats, and
pay some difference.
Qt~\ Q.(\(\ FAIR OAKS ST., XR. TWENTY-
O -Cv/U. fifth: 25x125: street work done; good
neighborhood, and well built up.
GiT^nn FAIR OAKS ST., NR. TWENTY.
O <«-*""'• first: one of the choicest building
sites and neighborhoods in the Mission; selected
; for owner's own u«e, but prevented from occupy",
ing It; lot 58:9x89: street macadamized, sewered
and graded; cement sidewalk.
Cli Ann ONLY-ARMY ST., NR. MISSION;
CIUUU 30x115; street work done.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ A BRO., *~
C 5 REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS. FOR PARK LOTS.
VKW BLOCK?, NEW LOTS.
i> for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. i . --■
Q7' TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
O • • * bonltvarJ; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BRO.
Q'-Mlfl $400, «450, *600 TO $1100 —
O«J_l/. choicest lots in Richmond: near Sutro
electric-car line and near new o*ocert grounds.
Amllatetl Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ —
BRO.
Oft To $250— BUILDIXG LOTS, NEAR
lvVf M:ssion-»t, and elecirlc-car lines: only
$10 down. 95 monthly. SOL GETZ _ BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAURAMb.
SOL OETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRS FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
YEW AND HAND-OMKLY DECORATED
-.1 residence near panhandle; strictly modern;
every room sonny: marine and parkview; the
choicest of any; terms to suit. Apply on premises,
2203 Fulton st. Take Hayes or McAllister street
cars to the park.
C COTTAGES AND LOTS. $700. $800. $1000,
V 600. upward; must go hlghext bidder. _.
E. BUNCK. IOOa Broadway. Oakland.
*fe7on DOUGLASS AND 21ST; LOT 25-
-<_• • "V. 130, and improvements; also 2 lots cue
block from this, $375 each. Call WATbOX 865
Mission.
<21O(U\ HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; BATH; 2
*■£ -I— «VrV. corner iots; chicken-house; thorough-
bred chickens: 2 minutes from depot. Address P.
BLAGRQVE. Golden Gate, Berkeley.
MODERN .-"STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
fiats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
FOR SALE— LOT- HAVING A FRONT
of 883 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
st,, from Precita aye. to Serpentine ay«., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on sou. h line of Washington st., 25 feet 10
Incnes east of Dunoni, -Bx4o feet with 2-slorv
brick building thereon, renting for $83 per month-
good teiisnt.
Bids will be received for the entire property or
w I A l V 1 -£ iS_ rt _ n ,°, f J b * JS™.* up lo Jone >• iSStf, by
WALTER HuOE at 18 Post su, San Frandsco
car« of -JOHN IL GRADY. -rancisco,
Mission st. accepted and sidewalk In front of the
property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
OW. COR. FOLSOM AND 3 1ST ST*. ;■ 05x90
£? _•• will subdivide: cheap for cash: also 6>\V.
20th and Treat ay.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
SALE. CHEAP-TWO 2-STORY HOUSES*:
lot 27:6x85*. 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaklne
tubes: stone walks. On Waller st., near btanvan
half block from Golden Gate Park. • — '
3fcl A^fi' RAKE CHANCE FOR A HOME-
V?X~XO\J. new '.-story cottar 7 rooms; corner
lot, *>oxso. Holly Park: small payments, same as
rent. CADEXa*sBO A CO., 512 Montgomery st. ,
LOR HALE — ELEGANT . 12-ROOM HOUHK,
X just coaoicioJ, opp. r*tr_; modero. 1817 Oak,
CITY REAL KSTATK.
CM 7r;fi COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS IX EAST
<23X I U\J, Berkeley; near station; south front-
age; street graded, sewered and macadamized;
flower garden: terms easy.
$100— Lot 40x120: $10 down: $7 50 monthly.
9175— Lot 25x135; $5 down: $3 monthly.
CIIAS. a. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st.
ATA SACRIFICE-MODERN RESIDENCE
— — and 8«-foot lot, cost 914.500: small cash pay-
ment:resr monthly. Apply _7 1'< Devisa^ero.
cocntky KKAL KSTATK.
"BARGAIN; open FOR SO DAYS OXLY:
160 acres in Sonoma County for $1000, with
29 acres cleared; 4 acres in orchard and vineyard
for home use; living stream of water; a fine place
for a chicken or stock ranch; terms, half cash and
balance on time.
©I i)f\fi 175 ACRES IX ONE OF THE
O-»-— i Uv/. northern counties, with email house
of 4 rooms; 103 acres valler land ; balance pasture
and timber; located on main conn.y road, with
living stream of water through the properly.
ttQC^fl A NICE LITTLE PLACE OF 10
arOCOxJ. acres: all set out to fruit In lull bear-
lnc ; on line of railroad from san Francisco to san
Jose: house of 4 rooms and bath: barn and tank-
house; chicken-houses to accommodate 2000
chickens; 9850 cash, balan:e on long tlaje,
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29. second floor, Mills building, S. F.
If OR RENT— IB ACRES OF LAND 3 MILES
X N. of Petaluma; well improved. Address C,
box 331. Petal uma. Cal.
\ " A _ —TO LEASE, SMALL RANCH
'» suitable for cblcksn raising in the vicinity of
Oakland or ¥»n Jose. Address, statin- rent and
foil particulars, A. M.. box 135, Call Office.
\\'HY PAY PROFITS OUT FOP. RENT
» » when you can _ci a good business and a home
on these terms: *500 cash, balance *10 a month,
interest 7 per cent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit,
vegetable and strawberry land: 150 fruit trees,
well, rorce-pumii. tank and horsepower; cow.
horse, wagon, 1 70 laying hens, 26 pigs and garbage
route for f-f-d: 4-room house, furnished; price
*- 200 - Address Manager, box 172, Gilror, Santa
Clara County, Cal.
•ftftOnTiT A HOME RANCH 21* MILES
tpWVJV. from Santa Rosa; 66 acres, Includlug
u-room cottage (bard finished and furniture; barn
and farm implements, windmill and tank* 3
hursts, 1 cow, chickens, etc.; intending purchasers
only will please apply to c. STAHL. grocer, cor.
Fourth and Wilson sis., Santa Rosa, who will fur-
nish free transportation 10 the ranch. Further In-
formation may b,e obtained at 2914 California st.
between 6 and 8 p. x.
<i I A nOH 46 ° *CR*.S, VERY CHOICE
C l l \'.\J\i\J. improved land, including a fine
crop: li 4 miles river frontace; 100 acres bottom,
extra fertile and worth the money alone- 3 miles
from flourishing railway town: climate excellent;
near famous springs and great health res rfc Paso
Robles: this is a rare bargain, but must be sold in
whole or part: terms to suit purchaser; would ac-
cept 95000 residence in this city. See or address
owner, 20 O'Farreil st.. rooms _ and 4. 9 to 12 am.
QXnnA 320 ACRES, CONTROLLING UN-
•TOO 1 ' '\J\J. limited range: fine water and climate;
abundant feed aud acorns; adapted to grain, fruit
and stock, especially bogs; 5 miles from flourish-
ing railway town; good road: here is the chance of
a lifetime to get a large, profitable stock ranch,
beautifully located, for half value and easy terms;
win exchange for city or Oakland property. >cc
or address owner, -0 O'Farreil st., rooms 2 and 4,
9 to 12 a. m.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
and ranch at Loi dates tor sale; furnishings
insured for $5000: property of IL H. DAVIS.
CHARLES C 'Lf ON, 900 Market st. ■
A A ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE, BARN,
—\J orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health;
cheap. M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Sbasta ,Cal.
I'OR SALE— XICE PLACE Foil CHICKEN*
X ranch, 14 acres: ISO frui; trees; house 9 room
and bath: price $2500; terms 10 suiu Address P.
0. box 73, Sonoma City, Cal.
T?OR SALE— COZY HOME. FIVE ROOMS; 4
J- lots (ha acre); fine place for flower* or
poultry; $1800, half cash. W. LAMBERT.MiIIbrae
!~au Msteo County.
A LAMEDA COUXTY FRUIT LAND, $35 PER
XV acre; 37 (miles from San Frarxisco: farmers
especially invited to investigate. Alameda Land
Co.. 57 Chronicle building.
C" ONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
I send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
MA"IN COUNTY- 5000 ACRES .6 MILKS
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any stz« desired: fruit, grain and
vegetable land; no irrl^-uiion; both rail and water
transportation: $40 to $T5 per acre; terms made '
to suit : sena for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND Full OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMKS
for sals. WOOMTER A WHiriON. nan Joss.
T ITTLiS HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: liT
XJ proved; easy terms; also. 4, 6 and 12 acr«
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit: 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWI.NQ, buno__
1. r.~. lncolre 632 Market St.. S. F.
MONKY TO LOAN. ~~ ~
ONEY LYfXd IDLE: WILL BE LOANED '
at 5 per cent Interest per month for each 91000:
same rate on second mortgage, life insurance or
across the bay. Coin, box 2, Call.
MONEY LOAN OX JEWELRY AND
other valuables a: the Security Loan Offlsa,
:iCt>Jlarlcets;..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur_
ORTGAGES. LOANS ON COLLATERALS; i
low rates. Pylvain sal Oman A Ca,;-*_B Montgy |
I WRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO; I
X-i no removal: no delays; no commissions!: low I
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
9_ 1 f\(\ T0~95000 TO LOAN ON GOOD _ECUK-
•■■ x\J\J ity by private party. A. L. D., box 79.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, . 83u Pine st-
T OAKS OX FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
Xj diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
I ST _ 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IX E-i-
X ; lowest ratesino delay_JUßPHY,62BMrk',
\ DVAXCESONDIAMONDS.JEWKLRY, KTO
- »■ Columbia Loan & Collateral O— ice. 9 Grant aye.
•TO LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM* 9-0
X to 95000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
AN AMOUNT: IST. I'D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-v. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
Li:-. 'il.ii AN. 24 Montgomery too mi 3-:-t.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARXY ST., ROOM 9— MONET
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pn-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
HORSES.
Oil BALeI-A "x_Aß_^?'xEwlbUGG Y r< A3fD
badness; handmade; very stylish. Inquire at
487 Hayes st.
PLATFORM GEAR WAGON and TEAM OF
— young horses; suitable for express or furniture
work, bee GU S STRAND, 45 Third St.
ORSE, WAGON AND HARNESS FOR SALE
cheap. 20V' 3 Clara *t-
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS BUbIXESS HORSE
"» buggy and harness: must be first class and a
bargain. Address FRANK SUTTON, 419 Califor-
nia st., room 2.
JA HORSfc S Feu SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
"iv buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade llorsi
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every WeUnes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 OH >).!-> -_OOm>HAKD HARNESS; ALL
±\JV' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also SO cheau horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
OR>KS PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch. 630 Commercial s-_
TXrt bKTS XKW A.»L- t-ECOND-HAND UAR-
-IO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses aaJ
scrapers; sand-wagons. ll*W Mission su
K. C. H. W TPH AL, VKTERINARY SUR-
ceoa for S. F. Police Department. Oflioa and
toft tal. 121 Cltv Hall av>. ■ telephone sonth 401.
WAGONS AX» CARKIAUES.
WANTED— BIIEWbTER CART; STATE
>> price. Call or address 501 Fell st. .
IriOK SALE— HANDSOME YOCNG BLACK
1 17-bandteam; excellent drivers; very aurart-
lye. Particulars at 20 O'FarreU st , rooms 2 and 4.
OOD GENTLE HORSE FOR SALE CHEAP.
SPECK A CO.. 602 Market ._
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEIXEM AX, 109 Sansome st.
VKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAU.V
li dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockuway
and 3 fine bngglea. 828 Harrison st.
______ DENTISTS.
IMRST-CLASS DEXTISTRyI FtBST-CLA SB
Jl prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 500 Suiter st,. corner Powell.
R.L. T. '"RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Gram aye.
nKUOMEIiKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm 95; fillings frm 91 : extracting 50c. with gas $1.
OTA &.ET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED as
«*") i good as can be made: tilling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
TvK. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracilr.g whei
plates are made: old plates mad over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting M)c; gas given.
ONEST WORK; VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HAKDCASTLb, 623 Montgomery, rm. „
Ir<ULL i-Kl- OF TEETH.- $7: WARRANTED
P rive years. DR. V. CAVaLsKY. 24 sixth st-
OET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. UK. H.
O O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su
IAR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THJS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of oainlesi extractioa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6to '-'0 Farrell s-.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X Lrldce work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearj
experience. R. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. bls-»4 Geary.
1-VB. H. U. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIIKiE-
work a special:-; open evenings 7:30 to 8.
/ >OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80ti MAtt •
L- ket st. PH. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J.LKEK. 1208 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aTg.— Open evenings: gun Jays till noon.
* L_ WORK REASONABLE " AND WAit 7
iV nusieii. -it j. w. aaY. iui _.«*« >w
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
T OOK! £100! LOTS OX IXSTA_J___K_S;
v a^oYv^S. I n< * r local fains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNKY. 90-.' Broadway. Oakland.
ANTED-STOCK OF HARDWARE, GRO-
»» cer.es or other merchandise in exchange for
rood house and lot. ALDEX 4 KRONENBERG,
902 Broadway. Oakland.
<<^Of)n FINE 200-ACRE RANCH IN WIS-
•j.-A/UU. coasln: will trade for California
ranch. E. E. -UNCE. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
0 - - PER LOT. REDUCED FROM *150: »100
<J5 ttf per lot, reduced from $200: 6 lots that
must b- sold within the next 5 days: only half
cash and halt th-ir value: a big bargain: inquire
at once. LAYMANCE, 46« Eighth St., Oakland.
POST -M 000; MORTGAGE «'J000: CAN BE
\J bought for *2500: corner lot 100x100- oh a
main street; convenient to business; street mac-
adamized; sewer, sione walks, water, pas, etc ■
mode n fin* 6-room cottage, with bath: positively
600 discount if sold a - caw; terms #500 cash
balance mortgage: first come first served. J. S
MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
*TTENTION BUILDEKS - PARTIES* DE-
-V siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alteration* or repairs; plans and
specifications furnish**! free of charge, A. U
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to Kan Francisco: 13 minutes 10
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruity— sta-
tion.
>VE_K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
_\ WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND I'VBMTI'R. TOR SALE.
liirH FTRTNTrulorTT^oljMsi! hTsTheTl^
«T t.). HAAS'. 40S Eleventh »L. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA kkal KSTATE.
"Tre^you ""'"" '"""'""'"
_\- Looking for a home or a choice Investment?
Then don't fail to attend our GRAND AUCTION
SALE of choice property in
ALAMEDA.
ALAMEDA.
ALAMEDA.
Next SATURDAY, May 23, at 2 r. _ on the
grounds of the •
TYLER PROPERTY,
cor. of Lincoln aye. and Everett st., one block
east of the broad-gauge depot at 1 fir* s:.: 14
BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS ana FINE RES-
IDENCE containing Vi rooms; also, at tne game
time and place, we will sell BUSINESS LOT 48 6
xIOO, *W cor. Park st. and Encinal aye. : good
house on Park St.. near .--an Jose aye.; two lots on
Blancing aye.. near Everett St.: four BUILDING
LOTS cor. Paru si. and Railroad aye.: Improved
property on Park st., bet. Lincoln and Buena Vista
aye.: 3 cottages on Eagle aye., near Union St.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 460 Eighth st., Oak-
land; EASTOX, ELDRIDUE _ CO., San Fran-
cisco.
The largest Real Estate Auction ever held in
Alameda.
"modern cottage :homes ON eagle
aye., bet. Union and Schiller s:s.; 5 rooms and
ba!b<-ach; lots 33:1x100; at peremptory auction
Saturday, May 23. at 2 P. _. on grounds, Tyler
property, Lincoln aye. and Everett st., one block
east of Park St., broad-gauge depot, Alameda; by
order Encinal B. ana L. Association; one-quarter
cash, balance 1, 1 _nd 3 years at 8 per cent. WM.
J. DINGEE. Auctioneer, 460 Eighth st., Oakland;
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.. San Francisco.
OOK-$350 FOR LOTs HALF A BLOCK
from Park si.. Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H. B. PINNEY. 90 Kroadway, Oakland.
9 DESIRABLE BUILDING LOTS ON BLAXD-
— ing aye.. near Park st., 50x150 each, at per-
emptory auction next Saturday, May 23, at 2
p. it., on tbe grounds of Tyler property, cor. Lin-
coln* aye. and Everett st., one block east of Park-
st. broa<l- gauge depot, Alameda. _» order Encinal
Building and Loin Association; one-fourth cash,
ba ■iii.c- int. 2 »nd 3 years at 8 per cent. WM. J.
DIXGEE, auctioneer. 460 Eighth st., Oakland,
EAST. N, ELDRIDOE A CO.. San Francisoo.
I ARCUSE * REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
i'l and builders, Bay-street station. Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
?x2OV— I^s cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms anl ba.h.
$2430—325 cash, f22 50 monthly : 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath. -
-2800— No cash. $25 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: «25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
*3250— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several (special bargains in lots.
Hewsei and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
Valuable business lot. situated ON
V Park St., corner Enoinal aye., a lam da. A
splendid opportunity for profitable investment;
must be so.d: at auction next Kcuiniay, May 23,
a: •_' p. m.. upon the g ound of the Tyler property,
corner Lincoln aye. and Everett St., one block east
of Park st., broad gauge depot, Alameda. WIL-
LIAM J. DINuEE, Auctioneer. 460 Eighth St.,
Oakland; EAISTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\j lot. $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 room?, large lot, $1000 cash. THUS.
F. BAIRD, 1303 Park st.
pHOICE DWELLING ON PARK
\J St.. mar San Jose aye.. at peremptory auction
next Saturday, May 23, at 2 p. _ on grounds of
Tyler property, cor. Lincoln aye. and Everett St.,
Alameda, 1 block east of Park-street broad-gauge
depot: house contains 6 large rooms, bath and
conservatory, handsomely frescoed, etc.; lot 47x
147:10; half cash. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 460
Eighth St.. Oakland; EASTOX, ELDRIDGE _
CO., ban Francisco.
9-STORY HOUSE; CENTRAL AYE. : MODERN
— improvements; lot 60x148; fine well; $ 3e50:
good terms. ■
57500, rvducea to $5600— Beautiful home; nearly
new; 10 room*: lot 50x141; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
$1950— Large 6-room cottage; Alameda aye.,
near Park st.
«75O— Lot 50x200: well located.
$65V— Lo- 50x180: werl located.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL TYLER PROPERTY
In Alameda to be sold at peremptory auction
next Saturday, May 23. upon the proun'ds. corner
Lincoln aye. and"Everett at.: 14. elegant building
lots. 26x154. 30x154 and 32x193: see this prop-
erty and select your lot before day of sale; only
one-fourth cash, balance 1, 2 and 3 yean nt 8 pi
cent. WILLIAM J. DINOKE, auctioneer, 4t>o
Eighth St.. Oakland; EASTON, KLDRIDGE &
CO., 638 Market st., San Francisco.
SNAP— IF YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as It
is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth St., Oakland.
I BUSINESS PROPERTY ON PARK ST., CLOoE
■l-f to broad-gange depot, at peremptory auction
next Saturday, May as. at 2 P. St., on grounds,
Tyler property, Lincoln aye. and Everett «t., one
block east of Park-st. broad-gauge depot. Ala-
meda: lot 42x130, with two store buildings; will
pay good income; one-fourth cash, balance 1. 2
and 3 years at 8 per cent. WM. .T. I>IN(;EF.,
auctioneer, 460 Eighth St., Oakland; EASTON,
ELDRIDGE A. CO., San Francisco.
Cl 7XH MODERN* COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
Oil O\J. and bath; $100 caah, $-'0 per month.
No. 736.
$8600— NE. cor.: n»w; Brooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc: $260 cash. ISO a month. No. 755.
S3loo— sloo cash, $25 a month: tine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 608.
5000— Elegant new house; 8 rooms: must be
sold: *500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
12800— >nap; $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752. .
$3500 — New modern '^-story' 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. 130 per month. No. 602.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOP.EAL _ CO.. 1432 Park st., Alameda.
1 FIXE BUILDING LOTS, COR. RAILROAD
*r ave. and Parn St., Alameda, at peremptory auc-
tion next Saturday, — ay '.'3, 2p. _ on grounds cf
Tyler property, cor. Lincoln aye. and _verett
St.. Alanieda, one block east of Park *t., broad-
gauge depot. WM. J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth St.,
Oakland. EASTON KLDKIDGK A CO.
ALAMKDA UOISKS Tt) LET. „. - .
O^UE^T_^N>rw"^^rTA_ET^^^O^i^T^__
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20; water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. MastlcJc and
Encinal station. Alameda. ' . ■
BERKELEY RKAL ESTATE.
1 lYnn SEND FOR PHOTOGRAPH OF
C* » v'UvF, new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; 1 block from Ashby station: 40-foot lot;
term?. $100 down, $15 per month. M. L. WURTS,
opposite Dwlght way station, Berkeley.
GOOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR SALE
en easy terms. O. 1;. MAY _ CO., real estate
a- 1 building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
T^OITItENT— ITitXISHED HOU^eTo^ROOMS
a and bain: piano; $30. **014 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berry man station.
roil KENT— AN ELEGANT RK3IDKN«'E OP
T 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub*
bery: carriage- bouse, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
'wight-way station. .
PROPERTY To"ixtflASOE! '.
"FXCHAXGE — COTTAGE AXD "£6t;TW_NTY^
1 .^second St., near Han Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Seventh St., Oat lan :, /or Improved
fruif.farm near Haywards. Address Store, 1648
Park St., Alameda.
t)(\ HOUSES 4 LOTS, FROM 51250 To * 10,000
-."60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0..... 30.000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
'25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3. 000
2 lots. Ocean View. 60x125... , 600
4, stores: 28 rooms: rent $lt'o 25.000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth
pEMEXT, CONCRETE OR PLASTERING
\J work in exchange tor good building lot- Ad-
dress C C, box 99, Call. ;
1 *)R(~\ ACRES TIMBER' LAND, KERN CO.:
«.Ov waicr; lice for catUe-raisinfi. X.,bx.lO,Caa
MKUICAL. .
_"rP.IVAT__^_^7x~COXFIN_M_N_:
— ' all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny St., room 9.~
"T MBit. DR. WEGEAER. PRIVATE HOME
-— • for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and durini- confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my horn* to suit r:ch and poor; travelers
attended; s^anisfi t»b:ets. $2; Infallible prevent*.
tives,sl. 419 Eddy st.
"1 ADIES— CHIC H ESTK R ! ENGLISH PEN-
XJ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for.
particulars. "Relief lor Ladies." in letter by return
mail; at druggists Cbichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
WATSON, MAGNETIC HEALER, 6 TURK
" st. : rheumatic and nervous diseases success-
fully tr>a:e<J; investigation invited.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, IXSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
DR. JOssKLY.V. THE QBE AT SPECIALIST^
has removed to 1206 Market St., near sixth.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
— — stored In » few hours: sure and. sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement; regular gra<U:a°.e
physician: SO years' succ^ssfill practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; laaies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you win save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Pos: St., near Larkln.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never tails: perfectly harml es3: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in continemenu DR. _ MRS.
DAY 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
"I "a d 1 f s7 CONSULT FREE mhs. dr. Scott,
Xj 216 Powell su: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
DRS. GOODWIX MAKES A SPECIALTY Of
diseases of woman and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients: best skill: medical attend-
nce: low fees; regulator. $2. 1370 Market st.
MRS. WALLACE —MA iTNETIC~H KALE X ;
rheumatism successfully treated. 20-73 Stock-
ton st.
ELECT KIC TREATMENT. NEW METHOD;
Xli Improves complexion; removes wrinkles; <siag .
nosls free. PROF. H. MULLER. 23« Sntter. rm. I.
IF RE CUKE FOR ALL F>,MAL_ DIS-ASES,
from whatever cause: a borne in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FEM ALE DISEASE,
don't fail to see MRS. DR. PI X I Z. 254% 4th.
R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER M'REET, NEA-
Diseases of women and children.
HOME. A FRIEND AXD MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth st.;Alamoda.
» LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
X_ ladles troubled with irreg-uiaritiea: no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 -_press C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
________ __
PROPOSALS.
["PROPOSALS— STATE^ PRISON SUPPLIES.
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk ut State Prison, San Quentln. until 10
a. I*., Saturday, the 13th day of June. 1896. and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. _ Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1&96, at which times and places they win be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsistence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies,
from July 1. 1898. to June 30. 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices. l
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by me certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona-fide dealers in the classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible
Lanking-house for at least 10 per cent of tbe
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
dent of said board, cf his bid, conditioned that the
Udder will enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
ra'.eiy. All payments made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or tinder theamoiin- speci-
fied. R. M. FITZGERALD, Pr-sidenu
J. V. Elms, Clerk.
ropo^alTFor HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
materials, stoves, lumber, paints. oils.furniture,
fuel, stationery, printing, etc— Sealed proposals
will be received by the superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1*96, ft 8:30
o'clock p. _ for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of tbe City and County of .--an Francisco
during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
cf Education, new City HalL I
GEORGE BEANSTOX. Sf>cm«nr.
3IOXKY WANTED.
\y- A N TED— S3OOO TO USE IN M_.NUF ACTUR-
" Ing patented mining machinery of well-es-
tablished merit; good security; good reference;
goo .1 interest. Christian, box 78. this office. ■ A
for Heath Xolices lire Page IS.
~~ HOTEL ABBIYALS.
PAL AC- HOTEL.
Sam Hayman, lowa C F Fearing, N V
T X Harper, Kocklsluud J E Hammond, Hanford
X J Darnell, Fresno W Jones, England
J a Pertle, Los Angeles C M Brown, Yokohama
G Hanna, Los Angeles John r-cou & wf, Dundee
W F Parker, os Ar.seles Mr Robertson «t wf, Ec;
J White <_ d, Texas Miss J M Douglass, Eng
Mrs GNeidig.Los Angles W Lawson. England
C X Monroe *wf, h Jose (» Kcsemhal. X V
F <: Fieicner.Providence J E Crother, England
C L Webb, Seattle W II Emory, I" 1 X
T B WilM>n_wf,Portlend N Sargent. V s X
Mrs J L Broaerick, [ad HO hiev«uson_wf,Menlo
Mrs L W Broderick. Ind W Ii Deeper, N V
MrsL W Hallock.DetroU W A Otis _ wf. Atchlson
Mrs J H Tucker.Cievlnd W A Bowden, "an Jose
MissHKTucker.Clevlnd W F.Winship, Stanford
J J Kirk, Pl^ua /MrsMCHolden.Palo Alto
AMTucker.Cleveland Shimon Grsen, England
GB Webster&wf.Tacoaia P V Mohun, U S N
G B Walt<r_wf, Tacoma H H Caldwell, USX
Mrs II ShaubeU Taooma F M Grant —.wf, Hopland
Miss sanborn, Tacoma G H Brynnt. Chicago -
A R Whitney Jr. X V Major Johnson. London
Miss G Chase. Boston Miss A Smart, Lodl, Cal
Mrs W Raphael. London Lord Henry They une,_ag
GRAND HOTEL.
J Langhlln. Santa Rosa Mrs G Kummer, Seattle
R L Oillmer, Chicago Mrs F T Barker, Portland
Miss Goldstein, Portland Cy .Murkey. Cal • -,*.
Miss Bryan, Oregon — J Bryan, Oregon
J L Bley, Cal TB Generger, Alameda '
M Bailey, NY R B Patterson, Stockton
A D Xye, Stockton W E Smith A. wife, Napa
Master E A SmUh, Xapa X P Weinmann&wf.Bcia
A Helbron, trac M o Archibald, Arizona
J L Murphy, ltiverside J Reichman. Fresno
G J Kenney. Los Angeles B R How-ell, Chicago
Mis» E Kieekel, Seattle Mrs C B JJowhay, Seattle
X J Rogers, san Jose 'i' >' McMillan«fcwf ,Tcma
Mrs Kanl r, Santa Cruz A A Jones. Los Angeles
P. Van D— en, wf, UK X P Butler, Chicago
A S Wells, Utica Mary L Wells, Utica
Miss R G Kunner.Peattle A 0 Ogden, san Diego
_ A Ogden, san Diego X Lincoln, Boston
A G Thompson, Maine J W Taggart<twf,s Barba
J E Scott, Indiana! D L Phillips, Hanford
D J Long - wf. Sac I) Burkhalier. Bakerti_d
A H Heber, Chicago J w Ruth, Kansas
Hy Lelsy, Xebr J Stitton. wf. Concord
Dr A E UsborEe.Eldrldge J schilling. St Louis
J P Cox, Foisom J N Besse, Kansas City
H F Aiwood. Wis
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J H Hickey. Tacoma J Hersch, Fresno
D Gamble. Hainan! M Vincent, Seimii
J M Townsend, Selma _ W Davis, Santa Rosa
R Ro«s, santa Rosa c W Tillinghast, Los A
J M TulJy. sooont 0 F Miller. Vescopeck
Chas Eckhoff, Coos Bay W D Rum me 11. Riverside
Jos McCann. Dag"ett J E Ivory, Selby
O Bussing,- Peona, 111 O Flaherty, Wisconsin
F E Peters, Los Angeles Miss F B Perks, Denver
W Hanageu, Berry. X II Jas Bar ogi, San Jose
Robert Butler, Madera J M <<riffin. Madera
A L Lye. :-an Jose . C G Pidge, Missoula
U C Llndman, Portland F T Bellinrd, Portland
Thos Henry, Portland Mrs I Keiller, Poriand
MrsTait, Portland Mrs Mack, Portland
J L Schtefflin, Portland X E skinner _w, X T
B J Skinner, New York II I. Hayes, Moscow
Mrs M E Carr, Portland Mrs I Fraser, Bay City
French *w, ButteCity S W De.vey, Spokane .
Q A £lllman.S_cramenia J G Rush, Portland
L Cain _ fy, Spokane M H Glbney, Salt Lake
F ■ Potter"- w. L liunos s X Sanrord, Polo, 11l
L Baker, Los Angeles E \V Folsom, Seattle
W J Tompkins, Mexico
LICK HOUSE.
James B Devine. Sac Hon Thos Fox, Sacto
W A Carroll, New York J C Fritt, Portland
GD McClain, Grass V Wm A Brown. Martinet
A E Bocks, San Jose C B Carnes, Hpaidsburg
W J HUlman, Cal MS Sayre, Lakeport
M Bnrk, Deming, X M Mrs Q 0 Brisks, Davis
Silas Carle, Sacramento J L J*>pson. New York
C B Rea, College Park X A Redman LosAng
Mrs \ Xott, Wash I L Delano, Rocklin
W \V Hunt, Santa B AC Rcaow, san Louis O
Miss It Maxwell, sonora J E Hapgood. New York
Jrof J M Scharberie. Cal B W Reeve, Gllroy
Hon R W Beamer, Cal Hon E P Colgan.Sac
G F Buck, Stockton J Baunebaum. Vallejo
C Wood, Marlines 3 E Ward, Modesto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W O Wetser.Santa Clara F 5 Sprague, Sac
B M Birdsall, Sonoma H J JUautholtz. Sonoma
J C I ynch, South Bend F W Graham, X V
R Flshback. NY M Blum, Vacavllle
C W O'Connor, City of E G Ciisle, Vaca-. i'.'.e "
Sydney W Hur;v:n;;son, Victoria
W R Clark, Stockton H E Cleveland, X V .- ■
H Furnlrali, Benicia J A Cody _ w.San Rafael
W 0 Brain _ w, lowa tody. sun Rafael
Miss E Cody, San Rafael Dr Gasbasb - w, S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Locke, CS.N W Fisher, USN
J Jerbceer, USX EL Lenert. U s X
J Carson. USN a WIUIs. U 8 M C
M S McGood, US M C Joe Madden. US M C
F Bayer, USMC- C H Cuuirnin^s. X V
Willorby, w_d, Ogden Geo E traucen, Kureta
■ Din«more, Eureka F Bloom, Los Angeles
C Phelps _ wife, Seattle CG Ford, Seattle
E H Gerry, Wash WA Gleason, BC
Thos CiiSe. B C . ■ H Melvi.i, Duarte, Cal
J Harking, Los Angeles J 0 Rnsh, Portland, Or
J X Beuzner, Tonei T Ciilhiil, Portland. Of
0 O McDonald, Portld, Or
' "ttnTiuHilrhi iiH-i~_fcf— li»w niillllHilll 1 ■— M^^^^^^B
1516
HAYWARDS FLUTTERED IN COLORS.
She Gave a Hospitable May Day Greeting
to the Grand Council of the
Young Men's Institute.
JOY THE SENTIMENT OF
THE DAY.
There Were a Parade in the
Morning and High Jinks
at Night.
SAN DIEGO'S ASTUTE PRETZEL
CLUB.
A Fine Body of Young Men Repre.
senting All Parts of the State
Was There.
HAYWARDS. Cal., May 20.— Tne
pretty village of Hay wards, its neat white
houses nestling among tne green orchards
in the lovely foothills, fluttered in gay
bunting to-day. Old Glory from the bi^
arrh and from many a hou?etop shone as
a flame aga ; nst the deep blue of the Cali
fornian sky and its stars and stripes were
repeated in miniature on the beautiful
silk badges of the \. M. I.
All Haywards was Maydayine in honor
of the representatives of the institute.
Awnings, cornices and balconies were
festooned with cypress branches, floral
loops and the National colors. Every one
The Fine Floral Arch on the Principal Street Under Which the Y. H. I. Procession Passed.
was on the streets also to swell the wel
come and to contribute to the eenerai
hilarity, for Haywards felt that she was
honored by the presence of the finest body
of young men that had ever stepped
within her orchard gates. They represented
the youth, the enterprise, the intelligence
and the progress of all parts of the State,
and each division, as it marched through
the principal streets amid the applause
from the crowds on the sidewalks, made
a splendid showing of the section of the
State from which it hailed.
The rising generation of San Francisco
was represented by two companies, Aof
St. Mary's Cathedral and C of St. Patrick's
League of the Cross Cadets, the former
company acting as escort to the grand del
egates and the latter to Council No. 34 of
San Francisco.
Haywards, ever noted for its hospitality,
maintained its reputation in that regard
to-day. Chief of Police Ramage and a
mounted platoon headed the parade. The
Board of Trustees of the city also turned
out to do honor to the occasion and the
Fire Departments of Haywards and San
Leandro were a picturesque feature of ttie
affair.
Cypress Camp, Woodmen of the World,
and the Haywards lioad Club, scorchers
on the rubber tire, were also in the line
and went down all along the line with the
rest.
The institute sessions were brief, and be
tween them pleasure and the cultivation
SEW TO-SAT.
Skin
Came Off
I had an obrtinate skin dieea*e, called Eczema.
My body, bead, and arms were covered with
spota like drops of mortar, which came off ia
layers of dry scales. I Buffered for over a year
-without relief, consulted several doctors with-
out aid, and had almost given up hope. I saw
an advertisement about Ccticura Keuedikh;
took them, and in eight wte.k* I was aa well aa
ever, for ray skin 1b as nice and clear as a baby's.
GEO. REABURN, Hanover, Ontario, Canada.
Epbkdt Curb Treatment. — Warm baths
with Ccticura Soap, gentle applications of Cu-
ticoka (olntmeut), the great Skin Cure, exter-
nally, and mild doses of Cuticuba Resolvent,
greatest of humor cures.
Bold throughout the world. Price, CiiTicrßA, JOc.i
Soap. 25c; Rwolvkwt. S)e. and »l. Pottek Dedo
abp Cbbm. Corp., Bole Prop* . Boston.
or " Uow to Curt Everj Skin DiMue," mailed free.
of the art of good-fellowship held undis
puted sway.
Company C, League of the Cross, showed
that there were no barnacles in its make
up when it gave an exhibition drill in the
afternoon, which was witnessed by a very
large crowd of interested and delighted
spectators. An hour later the doors of
N. S. G. AY. Hall were thrown open to the
young men and young women for a dance,
and it is almost needless to mention that
the pretty girls of Haywards availed them
selves of the opportunity of whirling in
the fascinating mazes of the waltz.
At night there was a session of the
institute, followed by a high jinks later on.
The jinks were high, indeed, the enter
tainment being of first-class quality.
Something must be said about the per
sonnel of the visitors. They represented
all the walks of life and comprised mechan
ics, artisans, lawyers, judges, teachers and
writers. That they represented what was
high and good in the communities whence
they came was apparent in the gentle
manly manner in which they deported
themselves. There was not from the be
ginning of tne Visit up to closing time to
night a single incident of unpleasantness.
Sheltered from harsh winds by the low
foothills ot the coast range, Haywards is a
calm and warm belt to itself. The sunny
south is not more sunny, the citrus lands
of Riverside and S3n Diego are no more
delightfully warm than Haywards is to
night. While the young moon is riding
on a fleeting wracu of clouds the streets of
Haywards blaze with electric lamps and
the warm air is resonant with harmonious
song. Cadets seated in a semicircle in front
of the Castro-street Villa chorus the popu
lar melodies, some breathing tenderly of
love and some sonorous with the soldier's
soul — his dream of war and g4ory.
Hay wards is keeping late hours to-night,
but she may be pardoned for dissipating
and straying from the staid decorum of
her wonted way, for these are holidays
that come but rarely and leave behind a
memory that will live for many a year.
A GREAT SPECTACLE.
The Parade Was One of the
Finest Ever Seen In
Haywards.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 20.— The nis
tory of a people or of a town may be con
sidered as divided into stages, marked off
by distinctive events that must ever stand
out figuratively, as mileposts set along a
new-formed roadway, never to be retrav
eled, but ever to be looked back upon aa
an incentive to even better achievements.
To-day Haywards reached a climax in her
history, and began a new era to be dated
from a great concourse of people gathered
in solid masses along her sidewalks to wit
ness the spectacle of a procession that,
with all it's features, constituted such a
brilliant sight as ia seldom seen, except
when the conditions of a great city make
elaborate spectacular displays less diffi
cult to produce.
When the Native Sons' Hall was dedi
cated on the Fourth of July live years ago,
everything combined to attract hundreds
upon hundreds of persons to this pretty
town of homes nestling among fruit trees.
But to-day when the Grand Council of the
Y. M. 1., united with organizations from
neighboring and from distant towns, ;
marched with eager step and glad hearts
through the streets, that other celebration
became only an event in the days gone by,
for it can no longer hold the first place as I
a local pride to those who recall what has i
been. That imaginary crown that graced j
the brow of the N. S. 'J. W. personified is I
now among the jewels gathered by another j
fraternal order of young mon, one the
chief motive of which is religion coupled
with State pride and patriotism.
There were 5000 people lined several I
deep along the main streets— pretty girls !
in summer dress, matrons, men and small
boys. Abouve their heads and stretching ]
along over the walls of compact humani
ty were the fantastic decorations lavished '
upon the low business huildincs until the '
scene resembled, In general, something as
sociated only with the wild conception of '
a scenic artist unfaithful to nature. For,
excepting the lazy movement of hundreds
of bannera and flags suspended over the I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1896.
avenues separating the two parallel rows
of expectant faces, there was at first no
active life in the picture.
Suddenly, however, all was animation
as the two columns instinctively swayed
forward with a common impulse. Every
face was turned upon a cavalcade of black
horses rounding a corner some distance
down the line. Conspicuous at the fore
was a single white charger, lightly pranc
ing and indifferent to the weight of his
rider. On tney came, heading an ever
increasing procession, down upon which
10,000 eyes looked and saw the rythmical
pulsation of men marching in regular order
made possible by martial music.
Here and there down the approaching
column particular features caught the eye
and heightened the eagerness for a nearer
view. Cross-emblazoned banners carried
aloft suggested the historic marches to
the Crusades, but the emblem that never
changes through changing time was sur
rounded by tokens of a century far ad
vanced beyond medieval ideals.
A lire brigade, Haywards' pride, stood
out vividly because of the gay contrast it
formed to the more somber tones of what
came before.
Ked-shirted men drawing a hose-cart
that appeared only as a pretty ornament
to exemplify artistic and decorative skill
in a display of hunting and flowers; a
loug hook and ladder wagon drawn by two
white horses and also effectively clothed
in holiday garb — these were the features
of the procession.
But wait; there is a more eager stir — a
murmur of approving voices. The crown
ing glory of the day is /ounding the cor
ner and it Is tacitly awarded the prize.
High over the heads of the approaching
column and apparently floating gently
along comes the barge of state with its
load of Native Daughters.
California, all in white, sits a queen on
high, under the broad canopy of a giant
oriental parasol, and surrounding her,
seated upon steps rising to the throne, are
charming girls, each coquettishly holding
The Native Daughters* Float in the Young Men's Institute Parade in Haywards.
a gay sunshade above her uncovered
tresses. It all formed a sj'mphony in
white, set off by American flags and by
the rich orange tints of countless esch
scholtzias.
The head of the parade presented a
charming picture of prancing, spirited
horses, but the last feature was not less
impressive. The whole local council,
V. M. 1., came along four abreast, occupy
ing the breadth of the street. Each man
wore a white straw hat and carried a fancy
Japanese parasol, under which a smiling
countenance proclaimed a local nride
heightened by conscious success.
Then of the details of the parade: Fore
most, with aides abreast, rode like a
Napoleon to victory th# Chief of l'olice,
W. J. Ramage, and with him were the fol
lowing deputies, wearing black slouch hats
and broad red sashes over their shoulders:
John Miller, F. Flores, John Rodgers,
Milo Knox, George Grindell, P. Hoare, J.
Stanton, Tom Silva, Henry Garcia, A. L.
Graham, B. Rose, T. Thomas.
Grand Marshal George Tait, escorted by
ten other horsemen, rode next in order.
The Oakland band of sixteen members in
dark-blue uniforms lead the main body
and set the marching time for Company
C, League of the Cross Cadets of San
Francisco, who, with sabers drawn and
neat uniforms, presented a fine appear
ance.
Then came the high officers of the Y. M.
In the first carriage were Supreme
President John J. McDade, Grand Presi
dent John Lynch, Grand Second Vice-
President Rev. McKinnon, Grand Secre
tary Stanley and Grand Treasurer O'Don
nell.
Next rode the foremost clergy of the
asemblage: Father Yorke, Chancellor of
the Diocese; Father McNally of Oakland,
and Father Zabresky of Monterey.
Other officers followed in four surreys,
and after them marched the complete
delegation in attendance upon the Grand
Council, a company of 100 strong.
Nine men with high silK hats and alder
manic mien reclined easily in a carriage,
and it was not difficult to guess that they
were the Town Trustees. Behind them
were the fire laddies, the chief and his
assistant riding in advance and setting the
example in elaborate decorations.
Oakland Council with thirty-tive men,
all carrying United States flags, led the
way for the San Leaudro band, whose
gorgeously arrayed drum major, William
Oakes, was the one bright, particular in
dividual to be singled out from the crowd,
and behind the brightly uniformed musi
cians marched San Jose's twenty-five rep
resentatives with the Pioneer Council of
San Francisco close behind with its dele
gation of fourteen.
Washington Council 4 led the way,
for two large covered buses, in which mem
bers from Oakland and fair ones not mem
bers enjoyed the common privilege of tak
ing part in the general triumph.
Captain E. P. Fitzgerald, in command of
Company C of St. Mary's Parish, San
Francisco, marshaled his well-trained ca
dets as they came erect and stepping
liehtly to the music. San Francisco Coun
cil 84) with seventy men, and San Fran
cisco Council 35, with thirty men, were
followed by ten men from the Livermore
Council.
Then there was a delightful variation.
Women, fair women, surrounded by roses
tastefully arranged upon the equipages in
which they rode, caught the eye and held
the attention. The four beautiful black
horses driven by Miss Nora Stanton were
only a feature compared with the pas
sengers they drew. With the fair driver
sat Miss Kirwin; on the middle seat were
Miss Annie Haas and Mi«s Kate Stanton,
and on the rear seat were Miss McKeever
and Miss Kate Cahill.
In equally pleasing contrast came a two
seater drawn by a team of white horses
driven by Miss Mamie McKeever, who
had as companions Miss Mary Welsh,
Mrs. McKeever and Mi>s Ethel McKeever,
all shaded by pretty Japanese parasols.
Then, oh, then, the tloat, with its six
white horses and its charming corps of
feminine innocence, with queenly Miss
Christina Haas as "California;" with viva
cious Florence Hatch and fair little Lulu
Übhoff, with the Misses Flora Paimtag,
Lena Paimtag, Millie Nauert, Emma
Thierbach, Annie May. Katie Eggert, Julia
Welt, Lottie Welt, Rosie Stroble, Ella
Bridge, Blanche Bridge, Mausie Neudeck,
Ella Garrettson, Agnes Ramage, Frances
Schneider, Elsie Smyth and Olive Wing.
Following the Native Daughters were
twenty-two members of the local parlor,
N. S. G. W., cool, neat-looking in their
straw hats and white negligee flannel
shirts, decorated with a broad red, white
and blue sash.
In somber black walked the Portuguese
Union of Haywards, sixty-seven men in
the company, and followed by the Portu
guese priest in a buggy with the editor of
the Portuguese paper.
The four ladies of the general commit
tee sat aglow with smiles, enjoying the
climax of their successful efforts to make
the Grand Council meeting an auspicious
occasion, and most happy was Frank P.
Hooson, the chairman. Following afoot
were fourteen others. Seven boys in blue
jackets, red fezes and red trousers of a
complete zouave costume did themselves
proud with their drums and formed one of
the best features of the long parade.
After, the local council, citizens and visi
tors in carriages.
But while the spectacular event of the
day attracted all attention there were
other things doing. At 9 o'clock the
Grand Council went into secret session
and continued until nearly 11, slightly de
laying the parade. And again In the
afternoon the law-mnters convened and
discussed the by-lawa section by section
until after !3 o'clock.
Five new delegates were received— J. F.
McDonnell of 74, Frank McGlynn of 35,
W. N. Harrington of 31, J. Ahem of 55,
and A. J. Green of 23. And in accordance
with a telegram from Father O'Neil so
requesting James Kenney was elected an
alternate from Council 3.
The committee of law and supervision
was ordered to report to-morrow morning
at the session opening at 9:30.
A telegram was read from Santa Rosa
offering to entertain the next Grand
Council. Congratulatory messages were
received from Bishops Mora and Mont
gomery of Los Angeles, and from Father
Grace, acting Bisbop of Sacramento.
Father Yorke delivered a verbal message
from the Archbishop expressing his good
wishes and blessings to the Grand Council.
As to-morrow's elections approach the
field of candidates increases and surprises
seem to be in store.
D. J. Gallagher of Fresno and Sheeba
of San Francisco are the talk so far for
grand president, unless Lynch should ac
cept renomination. McHenry of San
Luis Obispo, St. Sure of Alameda, Prince
valle of Menlo and F. B. Hooton of this
place are the most prominently mentioned
possibilities as grand directors. Secre
retary Stanley will probably be re-elected.
Denike of San Jose is named for grand
first vice-president, and Aggeler, his fel
low townsman, is mentioned for grand
treasurer.
This afternoon Company A, League of
the Cross Cadets of San Francisco, gave
an exhibition near the arch, going through
a large number of difficult military move
ments to the delight of a big crowd of spec
tators.
At noon and again in the evening the
ladies of the Presbyterian, the Congrega
tional and Episcopal churches, assisted at
each place by attractive young ladies as
waitresses, served msals as an aid to the
funds of their respective churches.
For over two hours in the afternoon a
great crowd thronged the main ballroom
and the smaller danceroom at.N. S. G. W.
Hall, where an informal dance was en
joyed by merry couples that dared to at
tempt to glide through the crush.
THE HIGH JINKS.
Pleasure Was Queen of the May
at the Festal Board Last
Evening.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 20.— After the
institute session this evening the delegates
held high jinks in Native Sons' Hall. The
building was covered with flags, bunting
and evergreens and the large hall in the
interior was decorated in a similar man
ner. Most royhl was the spread and it
was done justice to, but the feast of fun
and the flow of wit and song that followed
were the most enjoyable features of all.
The jinks were opened with an overture
by the Oakland Concert band, after which
Frank B. Hoosan, tho Haywards agent
for The Call, introduced William Ahem
of San Francisco Council No. 55 as mod
erator of the evening.
The programme was varied and in
cluded wrestling, boxing, music, etc.
There was club-swinging by Slamberg,
boxing by Slamberg and Hammersly,
Cerini and Fox, a four-round bout by Mul
vihill and Silver, wrestling by Gelder and
Platt, high jumping by Al Lean, barn
yard melodies by C. Ericcson, heavy lift
ing by Al Lean, a chorus by the Reliance
Glee Club of twelve, songs by the Hay
wards trio (Enos, Reed and Powell),
tenor solo by Tony Enos, bass solo
by George Beebe, witticisms by J. E.
Crooks, solo by William O'Brien, special
ties by Richard Whalen, James O'Donnell,
Daniel O'Callahan, George Knox and W.
Walton; bass solo by John McAuliffe, reci
tation by Frank McGlynn, baritone solo
by George Devine, recitation by Franfc
Murasky, cornet solo by Matt Grennan,
skirtdance by George Hammersley, song
and stories by Alexander Rosborough, be
sides a list of volunteer songs and stories.
The festivities were continued until a
late hour, and the rosy bowl ol friendship
was passed around.
San Diego's Pretzels.
The jolly and witty leader of the San
Diego delegation transplanted from the
green hills that overlook Coronado to the
green hills of Haywards one of the most
popular institutions of that part of the
citrus belt, which lies next to the sound
ing sea, namely, a pretzel club. A genu
ine pretzel is the l^adge of the order, and
it is not allowed to be worn outside of tne
coat until after 11 p. m., the hour at which
pretzels are usually washed down with
their appropriate liquid.
The Badge.
The badge worn by the delegates is of
artistic design. It is of silk with a cellu
loid medal. On the silk are painted two
American flags surmounting the great seal
of California. On the medal are the words,
"Young Men's Institute; Pro Deo, Pro
Patria, " with a red cross and an olive
branch beneath.
FOUGHT FOUR ROUNDS.
Two District Messenger Boys Engage
in a Lively Bare-Kuackle
Fight.
Two messenger boys, Tom Barrington,
alias the Spider, and Charles McDonald,
had a lively four-round fight yesterday
morning at 3 o'clock. Bad blood has ex
isted between the two boys for some time,
and earlier in the evening they had a
street fight, the only result being an un
derstanding to meet later in the night and
settle tlieir differences with bare lists.
Just where the encounter took place is
in doubt, some saying that it occurred at
Corbett's, others at the Midway Piaisance,
and a few that the White Wings saloon
was the scene of the battle.
At all events four fierce rounds were
fought with bare knuckles, resulting in
a draw. Barrington's face is slightly
marked, and McDonald is said to have
lost two or three teeth in the scrimmage.
The principals are not at all satisfied
with the result, and an effort is now
being made to bring off a finish fight.
The PheUn Gold Medal.
James D. Phelan of the San Francisco Art
Association has established v golden mednl,
which will be known as tho James D. Thelan
medal, and is to be awarded in consideration
of the best general character of student work
thoroughout the year in the class in modeling.
The medal will be awarded this year to Robert
I. AUken.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
l^ 3 o m K33B^EH^^l^^HflDl^^^H^^a^BXl9HlHHfl&flD^H « j
[ en IC- I THE subject OF fSf|?)
OHLL, discourse this OMLITI
j UnLL A WEEK -DAMASK, & — A
IVy •■"'- ' ± TOWELS, NAP- \ ▼
> -I V % ? KINS, LINENS- i | OP % If
£'f j I"* YOU'LL GO IN EC- 1 *> * «L F
«' STASIES OVER. \
II IMPMa and COMMON I IkIFKJS
ynLTJo VERY-DAY LIN- LJriL.nia|
/ EN. SALE GOES I '...■....■n \
ON THE rest of •¥93SPffl£3?
%3^J^^y THIS WEEK. Ij^^ggg
LINEN SALE THIS WEEK.
TABLE j Bleached, 58-inch, fine quality. Special I O^Zn
DAMASK. sale price ;. ........... | Yard
TABLE I Unbleached, 60-inch, very heavy, all I Af\r>
DAMASK. I linen; regular 50c. Special sale price | T'vfL' Yard
TABLE j Bleached, 72-inch, all linen, extra fine, IC 1 TTc^
DAMASK. I satin finish: regular $2. Special sale price. |»P1 ••*'•-* Yard
BLEACHED I Regular $1 50 quality, 23x23 inches, all IC 1 |A
NAPKINS. I linen. Special sale price |h>* • ■ " Dozen
BLEACHED I Regular $2 50 quality, % size, German IC 1 QE T
NAPKINS. I linen. Special sale price •pI.VO Dozen
-HUCK Regular B«^c kind, I«x2i) inches, fringed, ~ "~"
TOWELS. colored borders, woven selvage. Special f\n
sale price vlL< Each
HUCK Regular $2 quality, 19x39 inches, hera-
TOWELS. " mcd colored borders, good absorbent, d! J "I C
Special sale price $\»\J*J Dozen
HUCK Regular $2 50 Quality, all linen, extra I
TOWELS. quality, fringed colored borders. Special I<t | —
, sale price |<Jl.\/^ Dozen
SPECIAL!
I $1 25 kind, Percale Wrap- | 10-4, full width, extra
Toadies' I per, ruffle over shoulder, '7CC Bleached ! heavy, no dressing; regular 17©
Wrappers bit; sleeves, full sklrc. sizes I O Sheeting. 22c. Very special this -L *
32 to 44. Very special Each week. | Yai#
Blue and brown checks I Manufacturer's remnants
Gingham with wide striped border on "I AC i Remnants from 2to 10 yard lengths: f*O
Aprons. bottom, size 36x36 Inches. J-V/ j Flannel- regular 10c Kind. Special \J
j Special price Each ett«. ■ sale price Yard
1 Fancy check, 29 Inches "j Stripes, dots, checks and I
Fancy wide. A special line on QIC ! Bicycle fancy weaves in large vari- mO
Suiting. sale this week. Special O3 i Suiting. ety;'one of the duck fain- A"
price 1 Yard [fly. Special | Yard
GOOD NEWS FOR CLOAK WANTERS.
On Monday next we will place on sale the $12,000 stock of
CHARLES MAYER JR. & CO. (known as the California Cloak
Co.). Purchased at our own price we are able to make induce-
ments never before experienced.
Cy j LXsLaLA-SY /OZ/.
/ INCORPORATED
937. 939, 041, 943, 945 Market Street.
TEAS M.
- j!i»;^^J/ ,ii. TWO CURED WITH
Hi>rri-2rade Uncolored Jap, English 3 £»OTK'\*Sssrs&' ONE BELT
Breakfast, Formosa, Oolong, Japan, . '
Ceylon or Mixed, regular price per Bg*v - ' .' ' ':? '*^~^vim seattlk, Waije,
pound 60c. Our price per pound... 4sc !fefr^rst# Dr. i^-i&K siri
Or in 5- Ib. packages $2. TO?s«33i^RS^ Some time ago I bought
Extra Fine Family Teas, regular price »nW<* ->/Kt£w^s one of your Electric Belts
per pound 50c. Our price per pound. 3sc r-<(3^ " ' JSSnhi? 1 5riSJ C m, C wJi ed by
Or in 5-lb packages $1 50. £$ and in three days' time
! the pain disappeared and has not troubled m»
I3| |T"T"r?rj since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle in
OU I I £l fli curing my complaint, for it was so bad before I
- -■ - wore the Belt that I was laid up In the hospital
Any size lots for packing at WHOLESALE and could not work.
PRICES. After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
and the same Belt that cured me cured
him also. I have recommended your Belt to
every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
nnnillPnil 0 l/linil continue to do so hereafter, for it is certainly a
ROBINSON -4 KNOX. great invention. Yours truly,
hUDinoUn & Miuai ...-v,^.^
' Kg" For price list and full particulars of dr.
l A Q J If\ff\ Hit I 4. cjj. PIKRCE'S wonderful Belts, call or writ* for free
1928 and 1930 Market St. '*3^^vixxo**»Z Sj 70 4 sac
900-90 C Valencia St., Corner 20th. i ramento street (cor. Kearny). 2d ' 3d * nd 4tt>
tWu-jwi) luHiiriii 01., torner 211111. aoors, sax francisco.
I orricc op ',
♦ BLACKWCLL'S DURHAM TOBACCO Company.
DURHAM, N. C.
f|L ATT Dear Sir:
I H Mil. You are entitled to receive
JLLJ XliilJ PR from your wholesale dealer,
■• ■■■■■ WHITE STAR SOAP with all
the
MAttftltAft&ft Blaokwell's Genuine
jflsrimuis Durham Smoking
TODaCCO you buy. One bar .
■Bill ■» ■ ■■ of soap Free with each pound, :
111 Aft D ASA 91 whether 16 <«•. 8 02., 4 02., or
WHO ■■VU&llB We have notified every whole-
. mwwwwum sale dealer In the United States
_ A _ a mmtm^ that we will supply them with soap
mHM A NNfi to give you FREE. Order a good
II IU U I'll I supply of QENIIINE DURHAM at
I fill Bill! once and Insist on getting your '
■ VVllUvyi soap. One bar of Soap free with
www " each pound you buy. Soap la
offered for a limited time, so order ■ ;
to-day. Yours very truly, • - :
f BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
I TOBACCO COMPANY. • -
♦* *** I' you hay*, any difficulty in procuring your rrrrrfnui,
soap, cut out this notice and send It with
your order to your wholesale dealer. .-Z'j/'.vi
A BUSINESS MAN,
Formerly a Druggist, has observed of late years
• . ..;■■'•'
Very Remarkable Effects
In a harmless compound of simple elements. He has never failed in quickly reliev-
ing, and generally curing, all Pain, Sore Throat, Burns, Boils, Bruises, Sprains, Piles,
Sores, Cuts, Sunburn, Insect Bites, Prickly Heat, etc, etc. Reduces the trouble from
all accidents and most Colds to a minimum. Ask for Mitchell's Magic Lotion and
study the directions. A "Lotion" because soothing and healing. "Magic"' because it
acts so quickly and surely. " \' '
MAGIC LOTION COMPANY, GEO. H. MITCHELL, Ph.G., Chemist and Manager.
"USE THE MEANS AND HEAVEN WILL GIVE
' YOU THE BLESSING. NEVER NEGLECT
A USEFUL ARTICLE LIKE
SAPOLIO