VOLU3IE LXXIX.-NO. 131.
CUBANS FIRED
WITH NEW ZEAL
Greatly Encouraged by the
Friendly Action of
Congress.
RICH MEN IN THE FIELD
Important Battles Constantly Oc
curring, But the News Is
Suppressed.
YELLOW FEVER IS APPEARING.
The Crowded Hospitals and Prisons
Are Festering With Filth
and Disease.
HAVANA. Cuba, April 8 (via Key West,
Flu., April S). — The Cubans are greatly
encouraged by the action of Congress.
They say it is certain to have a good moral
effect and hone for practical benefit also.
Members of good families are leaving
the cities and towns to join the insurgents
in great numbers. The severe enforce
ment of Weyler'* decrees is driving many
to take the field.
The Government ha? so far failed to
crush Maceo in the western province. He
is we?t of the strong line between Marcel
and Majana, but several parties have
crossed and entered Havana Province.
Lacret, with 3000 men, has entered from
the east. All the wires west and south are
cut and no accurate news of the move
ments of the insurgents is obtainable.
The Government has been silent for four
days, although it is known here several
important engagements have been fought.
The hospitals are crowded with wounded
and sick soldiers. Now that the yellow
fpver season is beginning there is no room
for the victims. The prisons are also filled
with political suspects. The Government
was obliged to transfer seventy-six from
Cabanas fortress to the city prisons.
Gomez was last reported in Santa Clara
province, moving in the direction of
Sxiganea Valley. His forces entered the
important town of San Juan de Las Veras,
taking supplies and ammunition.
The troops shut themselves in the forts
and allowed the town hall and several
other buildings to be burned. Refugees
from the town have arrived at Ranchuelo.
Ibe Spanish gunboat Alvarado was
badly damaged by the rebel fire in at
tempting to enter the port of Marabi, near
Baracoa. The balls shattered the rudder,
penetrated the deckhouse plating and
traversed the side*. The gunboat returned
to the attack three times, but finally -went
to Baracoa for repairs. The official report
says one sailor was wounded.
Dunne a nijrht attack upon the town of
Hoyo Colorado, about fifteen miles west of
Havana, the Spanish troops shot and
killed four women and two children and
wounded others. The troops occupied
four foris. The insurgents entered tne
town, crawling on hands and knees, fired
upon the forts, burned a number of houses
and retired. The troops later, seeing a
group of people on the principal street,
lired a volley from the fort, mistaking the
women and children for insurgents, owing
to the darkness. The accident is greatly
deplored.
Seven prisoners of war, condemned to
ne shot in Cabanas fortress Monday morn
ing, have been respited pending a vote of
the House. The general belief is that
i-ince the action of Congress no more in
surgents will be publicly shot under the
bandit decree. There is notning new in
the cases of Walter Dygart and other
American citizens imprisoned.
3. Fraxk Clabk.
PLEA I' OR A PAR I) OX.
Havana I.adiei A*k Weyler to Spare a
Condemned Cripple.
HAVANA. Cvba, April 8. — A committee
of ladies of this city and the Bishop of
Havana have presented petitions to Cap
tain-General Weyler asking for the pardon
of the political prisoner Jose Cabrera
Koque, whose execution has been fixed for
to-morrow. Rogue nas only one leg,
having lost the other at the time he was
captured, and this fact is urged upon Gen
era! Weyler as a reason for granting his
pardon.
The town of La Salad, in the Havana
Province, was entered by the insurgents,
who sacked several stores and set fire to
3 number of houses.
Three insurgents also made their way
ir:to Mariano, in the same province, at 8
o clock last evening, and before their
presence was known to the troops sta
tioned at the forts robbed the store of
Manuel Valdez of a number of pairs of
chocs and a quantity of provisions and
fcucceeded in making their escape.
General Barges reports the capture of a
rebel camp at Jareug. In the fight that
occurred before the rebels were compelled
v> abandon their camp live of them were
kilied.
The capture of a camp at Ti Arriba, in
the province of Santiago de Cuba, is also
reported by General Barges. In this en
gagement the insurgents lost fifteen killed
and two of the Spanish forces were
mounded.
Two arrests have been made by the
poiice of Guanabacoa, near Havana, in
connection with the recent swindle of the
>'ew York banking-house of August Bel
mont & Co. One of the prisoners is named
Pelegrin and the other is an ex-emoloye
of the Hidaigo Company. In the posse's
tion of tue latter was found several blanks
and papers which prove his connection
with the swindle.
General Pando reports that the column
under command of Major Moncaiia dis
covered a party of insurgents on the banks
of the Magauraya River, near Cienfueges
and attacked them. After a fi^ht, in
which the rebels lost fourteen killed and
many wounded, they were dislodged from
their position and forced to retire. The
Spaniards suffered no loss.
Colonel Tort reports having had an en
gagement with parties of rebels under
Lacret and other leaders south of Guiaes,
The San Francisco Call.
in the Havana province. The Spanish
force succeeded in destroying a bridge
which had been constructed by the rebels
across the River Mayabeque.
scavoyEß juartha seized.
She Bad a Cargo of Anns and Arnmu-
nition for the Cubans.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 8. — The
schooner Martha that left this city on the
night of March 31 with arms and ammu
nition, was seized to-day by the Collector
of Customs for violation of section 4337 of
the Revised Statutes of the United States,
having departed from this district without
first obtaining a certificate of register.
An article published in the Equator
Democrat yesterday described a trip to
Cuba on the schooner Martha, by G. M.
.Mathes, the editor of the paper, on the
strength of which the Collector seized the
schooner.
Subsequently Frank M. Thompson, one
of the crew, swore out an affidavit to the
effect that he had shipped on the schooner
Martha to go to Cuba, for which he was to
be paid on his return to this port. He
states that the schooner arrived on the
coast of Cuba on the Ist inst., and on
the 2«i they neared the coast about 9
o'clock at night, and the captain went on
shore, but returned almost immediately.
On Friday, the 3d, in the morning they
landed at Cardenas. The same night they
started for the bay, but were compelled to
put bacfc, and came to anchor opposite the
lighthouse near Cardenas.
Saturday morning they got under way
and went off shore and about dusk that
cvenint were chased by a Spanish cruiser.
They eluded the Spaniard by rounding her
stern and then shaped their course for
Key West, arriving here Sunday night,
the sth. inst.
TVRPIE'S BITTER SPEECB.
Senator*' Sherman and Lodge Are 3ter-
dies sly Flayed.
WASHINGTON", D. C, April B—Sena
tor Turpie of Indiana, who has achieved
quite a reputation in the Senate for his
skill in clothing the most stinging sarcasm
in picturesque language, gave an illustra
tion of his powers in that line to-day,
affording an hour and a half of entertain
ment to his brother Senators and to a large
audience in the galleries.
The speech was made in support of the
joint resolution introduced on the Ist of
April by Call of Florida proposing inter
vention in the war now being prosecuted
in Cuba.
The object of Turpie's invectives were
not so much General Weyler and the Span
ish Government as the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations (Sher
man) and the junior Senator from Massa
chusetts (Lodge). He ascribes to Sher
man helpless inertia, delay and irrational
obstruction, and sp>okeof his taking refuge
in the crypt of the conference committee
very clad to be rid of his former action.
Lodge was portrayed by him as belong
ing to the jingo class of extremists, and as
being singularly gifted with the power to
clothe an interesting and exciting subject
with all the dulluess of time-worn com-
mon-pJaces. [Laughter.]
Tarpie drew an amusing sketch of the
controversy between Lodge and the
Spanish Minister, and said that he had
expected it to end in a duel, in which the
champion of Senatorial privileges would
go into the lists fully armed, his visor
down, his lance at rest. But instead of
that, the junior Senator from Massa
chusetts had retired to the room of the
Committee on Foreign Relations and re
galed himself on puffs — mere puffs.
It was impossible, Turpie said, to con
ceive of a more wholly unleglslative legis
lative proceeding, a more wholly abnormal
proceeding than the action taken by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations with reference to the Cuban
question. There could not be a more un
fortunate disposition of that matter than
that which it suffered from the action, the
inaction and the reaction of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Turpie contrasted the joint resolution
introduced by Call with the concurrent
resolutions reported from the conference
committee. ;
There was in the former no double en
tendre, as there was in the other. It con
tained a plain statement of the necessity
of interposition. In the third resolution
of the conference report "intervention"
was mentioned twice, but it did not say on
which side the United States should in
tervene. For his own part, he was in
favor of intervening on the side of Cuban
freedom and independence, and for the
sake of freedom and independence and for
other reason or cause.
He then proceeded to draw a sketoh of
the Cuban Government and of the opera
tion of the forces of either side. He had
kept the track, be said, of the raids made
by the Spanish troops upon country stores
in the eastern portion of the island, the
portion held by the insurgents, and he
argued that the very existence of country
stores in the region meant there were no
thieves there, or that the thieves had been
overawed or punished. It meant that
there were no burglars, no robbers in that
region, or that they had been punished.
Hurrying JFroin Madrid.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 8.-A special
dispatch to the Herald from Madrid says:
Affairs look so serious again that Ameri
can tourists are hurrying away. Every
place on the Sud express, which leaves for
l'aris to-morrow afternoon, has already
been taken. The passage of the belliger
ency resolutions has caused excited talk.
A cuard is still maintained at the Ameri
can legation, but it has not been increased.
The feeling is prevalent that a crisis is
near and that trouble might break out at
any moment.
Proposed demonstration forbidden.
LONDON, Eng., April 8. -The Standard
to-morrow will publish a dispatch from
Madrid saying that the civil Governor of
Madrid has forbidden the holding of the
proposed demonstration of protest against
the action of the American Congress on
the Cuban resolutions.
Zuigi Inspect* Ute Canal.
COLON, Colombia, April B.— Work upon
the Panama Canal is being pushed. A
contract has been given for 100,000 metres
of submarine mining on the Pacific end of
the canal. The Colon end of the work was
inspected yesterday by Prince Luigi a
nephew of King Humbert of Italy, who" is
making a tour of the world.
Americus Receives Hacking.
LONDON, Eng., April B.— A wager of
£1000 has been laid at odds of 10 to 1
against Croker's bay colt Americus, «-hich
is entered for the race for the Kempton
I'ark Great Jubilee stake, to be run at the
Kompton Park spring (jubilee) meeting
May 9.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 9, 1896.
Grover: "Now, what ought a man to do in a case like this?"
KNAPPS EXPULSION
FROM ARMENIA
Confirmation of the Report That
He Was Forced to Leave
Bitlis.
HE IS NOW AT DIARBEKIR.
Tewfik Pasha Claims the Missionary
Is a Guest and Well
Treated.
LONDON. E.vg., April B.— The Post will
to-morrow publish a confirmation of the
report that Rev. George P. Knapp, one of
the American missionaries stationed at
Bitlis, had been expelled from that place.
A dispatch from Constantinople to a news
agency here states that Tewfiic Pasha, the
Turkish Foreign Minister has assured J.
W. Riddle, United States Charge d'Af
faires, that Mr. Knapp is now a guest of
the Vali of Diarbekir and that he is well
tr eated. Mr. Riddle is awaiting a report
from Diarbekir as to the treatment of Mr.
Knapp.
The Daily News to-morrow will say that
resolutions were adopted at a meeting of
the Armenian Relief Committee this even
ing protesting against the decision of the
Sultan to issue an irade for the expulsion
of all Christian missionaries from Ar
menia, and urging the British Govern
ment to make every attempt to prevent
such a step being taken. The resolutions
also requested the Government to make
immediate efforts to obtain the release of
Rev. George P. Knapp, the American
missionary who was ordered to proceed
from his station at Bitlis to Constanti
nople to answer charges of sedition and
murder made by Turkish officials, and
who is now said to be a prisoner at Diar
bekir. It is also urged that an increase be
made in the number of British Vice-Con
suls in Asia Minor.
SCOURGE IX ARMEXIa.
Smallpox and Typhoid Tever Epidemic
at Marash and Zeitoun.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April B.—Pro
fessor William H. Pancoast, president of
the Red Cross Society of Pennsylvania,
to-day received a cablegram from Miss
Clara Barton, which indicates that the
situation in Armenia is growing more des
perate every day. Miss Barton's cable
gram reads:
Kelief work firmly settled. No opposition
from authorities. A fearful scourge here—
Marash and Zeitoun. Have called eight physi
cians to Beyrout. Dysentery, smallpox and
typhoid fever epidemic. Do you wish to send
medical supplies? Please do. Clara Barton.
BLOCKED XT THE SVLTAX.
Why the American Vice- Consul to Biarpoot
Turned Back.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April B.—Sena
tor Saerman, chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to-day gave notice of
an amendment to the sundry civil bill pro
viding for the appointment of a Consul at
either Harpoot or Aleiandretta, Turkey.
A statement from Secretary Olney was
laid before the Senate, in which it was
said that while the Turkish authorities
acquiesced in the establishment of a con
sulate at Erzeroum. they declined to grant
an exequatur to the vice-consul sent to
Harpoot in accordance with the action of
Congress at the last session ou the ground
that the United States has no commer
cial interests at the latter place. He ex
pressed the fear that a like denial will be
encountered this year, and requests that
provision be made for a temporary ap
pointment at Alexandretta.
MARINES J.\ a BOAT RACE.
Tart of th* flagship Xcxo York Beat the
• ' /.'V Raleigh' » CreyJ. , "■' .
FORT MONROE, W. Va., April B.— The
twelve-oared cutters of the flagship New
York and the cruiser Raleigh had a spir
ited race in Hampton Roads this after
noon. The course was a mile and a half
to a stakeboat and return. In coming
down the home stretch the siren whistles
of the squadron gave them a terrific blast.
New York won by about two lengths.
Over $5000 changed hanaa on the result.
STRIKING STREETCAR EMPLOYES.
The Agitation Likely to Be Transferred
to Philadelphia From New
York.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Apr^l B.— The
streetcar troubles of Philadelphia and
New York are ciosely linked. From what
could be gathered here to-day it is lifcely
that there will be no strike in New York,
but that the agitation will be transferred
to Philadelphia.
Edwin Byrne, president of the local
branch of the Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes, went to New
York and saw President Mahon to-day.
The immediate object of Mr. Byrne's visit
to Mahon was to have him modify the
terms of the ultimatum which the Amal
gamated Association is to submit to the
Union Traction Company. One clause of
this ultimatum requires of the traction
company to recognize the association. The
local l leaders ol the association know full
well that the traction company will fight
this demand to the death.
Therefore Mr. Byrne went to New York
to see President Mahon and have him
erase this demand in the ultimatum.
This President Mahon consented to do.
Despite the admission of the local lead
ers of the Amalgamated Association that
the A. R. U. had become affiliated with
the street railway men, Mr. Mahon au
thorized Byrne to deny that such a deal
had been accomplished or would be con
sidered. The local leaders of the threat
railway of brotherhoods also denied that
they had any intention of affiliating with
the A. R. U.
THE OLYMPIAN EVENTS.
Servia's King Among the Crowds
That Witness the
Games.
A Frenchman Wins the Long. Distance
Bicycle Race— Americans Did
Not Compete.
ATHENS, Greece, April B.— The Kal
lithea shooting-stand near the city was
opened at noon to-day, and the shootine
contests at different distances began at 1
o'clock. .
King Alexander of Servia arrived in
Athens to-day to witness the Olympic
events.
The bicycle race atja distance of 100 kilo
metres was won by Flamant, the French
rider. The Greek contestant, Coletti, fin
ished second. The winner's time was 3
hours and 8 minutes.
The Americans did not compete, having
been denied a license by the Governors.
Efforts will be made to have them ride
later in the week, but it is thought that it
will not be successful. McDonald, the
most promising of the Americans, is
looked upon as a likely man in the short
races if he i 3 permitted to ride.
Despite the fact that the weather was
cold and there was a brisk wind blowing,
the events were witnessed by a great
crowd.
AXTI-LYXCHISG ACT.
The Ohio Senate Concur a in the Smith
Bill Front the Ifoune.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. April B.— The Senate
to-day concurred in the anti-lynching bill,
and it is a law. The bill was written by
Judge Albion W. Tourgee. It makes any
county whose officials permit a lynching
to occur liable to the family of the victim
for damages. The bill takes its name from
H. C. Smith, a colored Representative
from Cleveland, who championed the
measure, and is the result of several lynch
ings of colored men in Ohio ie the last
three years.
THREE HUNDRED
ITALIANS SLAIN
Heavy Losses Suffered by the
Invaders of Abyssinia at
Mount Mocran.
EASSAIA STILL HOLDS OUT.
Defended by a Diminished Garrison
Under Hidalgo — Stevani's
Forces Retire.
MASSOWAH, Egypt, April B.— The first
report of a battle at Mount Mocran on
April 2 said that the Italians lost 100
killed and wounded. Now it is admitted
that ten officers and 300 men were killed.
ROME, Italy, April B.— A dispatch from
Adowa has been received here by way of
Parem Island, reporting that after Colonel
Stevani's victory over the dervishes near
Kassala on Saturday, in a battle in whicu
he lost 100 men and inrlirted a loss esti
mated at 600 upon the dervishes, he re
turned to Kassala and the dervishes
retired to the fort and intrenchments at
Tucruf.
On the following day Colonel Stevani
raade a reconnoissanca of Tucruf and vig
orously attacked the forts. He captured
some of them, but was unable to entirely
dislodge the dervishes. He, therefore, re
turned to Kassala and informed General
Baldissera, commander of the Italian
forces in Africa, that he was convinced
his forces were strong enough, and that
he proposed to renew the attack in the
morning. In view of the general situa
tion General Baldissera refused to sanction
this plan.
Late advices received by the Govern
ment from Massowah imply that, al
though Colonel Stevani's forces have re
tired from Agradat, Kassala will possibly
still be held by a diminished garrison, un
der Major Hidalgo.
HA.TAX,; PARLIAMENT OPENS.
Governor Hrly-Hutchinion Deliver* a
Pacific Speech.
PIETERMARITZBURG, Natal, April 8.
The Natal Parliament was opened to
day. In his speech opening the session
Hon. Sir Walter Francis Hely-Hutchinson,
Governor of the colony, said he hoped a
policy of conciliation on all sides would
lead to an abatement of racial differences
and political discontent. The Government
of Natal, he said, would view with gravest
concern the possibility of a conflict be
tween the Dutch and English in South
Africa. It would be impossible to control
the vast native population of the prestige
and authority of the Europeans if the
country were to be destroyed by armed
contention.
The English and Dutch, the Governor
declared, were too deeply rooted and had
too many interests in common to be ranged
in hostile camps. There was room enough
and to spare for both. It was the duty of
all who are answerable for the guidance
of the destinies of South Africa to remove
all grounds that might be conducive of
discord.
The tone of the Governor's speech
throughout was markedly pacific.
Cecil Khodei la 111.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, A.pril B.—
The Cape Town Argus says that Cecil
Rhodes, ex-Premier of the Cape Colony,
who recently started from Cape Town for
Buluwayo, is suffering from an attack of
fever.
FLOCKIXG TO THE KHALIFA.
fifty Thousand Itrrvithet to Be Aanem
blrtl by September.
CAIRO, Egypt, April B.— Advices from
the Soudan say that the news of the de
parture of the Anglo-Egyptian army up
the Nile Valley spread rapidly beyond
Khartoum and along the road from
Suakim to Berber. The departure of pil
grims for Mecca has been suspended and
the payment of a war tax has been de
manded by the Khalifa. The dervishes
at Fashoda and Darfur have been recalled
to Omdurman, where the Khalifa expects
to assemble 50.000 men by September.
Held for High Treason.
PRETORIA, South Africa, April B.— All
the members of the Reform Committee
who were implicated in the recent dis
turbance here were arraigned to-day in the
Landrosts Court and committed on
charges of high treason for the next
criminal session of the High Court. The
Landrost reserved decision as to the ad
mission of the prisoners to bail.
COUNTESS ZEBOROWSKI LOSES.
Must Pay for the House She Bought While
Awaiting a Divorce at Sioux
Falls.
SIOTX FALLS. S. D., April B.— P. H
Edmisen haa finally won his suit for
$14,(00 from Countess ZeborowsKi of Lon
don. Four years ago the most celebrated
member of the local divorce colony was
Madame de Steurs, wife of the Belgian
Minister at Paris, and one of the Astor
family. She lived here in state for six
months, occupying nearly one entire floor
of the Cataract House and being sur
rounded with servants.
She was constantly attended by Count
Zeborowski, her cousin, and the day on
which she obtained her degree they were
married.
During her stay she took a fancy to the
handsome home of Mr. Edmisen and
bought it for $12,500. Later, on the repre
sentation of her attorney that the title
was somewhat clouded, she refused to pay
and Edmisen brought suit. He recovered
damages in full in the Circuit Court, and
the Supreme Court has now finally re
affirmed the decision. The Countess has
a large amount of property in this coun
try, and action has already been taken to
put the judgment into execution.
ZELLA NIC OLA US AGAIN.
Creates a Sensation by Denouncing George
Gould to His Office
Employes.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April B.— Mrs. A. H.
Ruhmann (Zella Nicolaus) was in consul
tation this morning with ex-Governor
Johnson in an endeavor to have him bring
suit against George J. Gould to secure a
balance of 125.000 which she claims is due
her on the famous check which she is said
to have surrendered to Mr. Gould several
months ago. Her intentions were to have
the suit filed at once, and while Gould was
in the city secure personal service on him.
Governor Johnson declined to bring the
suit.
Zella then visited the Missouri Pacific
headquarters in search of Mr. Gould, and
created a sensation among the clerks by
her denunciation of the railroad magnate.
She was induced to ieave the building, and
hurried to the Union station only to find
that Mr. Gould's private car had left the
depot a few minutes before.
FIRE IN A BUTTE MINE.
Workmen Are Cut Off From Escape by the
Flames — Seven Believed to
Have Perished.
BUTTE. Moxt., April B.— A dispatch
from Basin at 11:30 to-night says that a
fire is raging in the Hope hoist and main
shaft, and that four or five lives have been
lost Shift Boss John Buckley and his
brother, Pat Buckley, Martin Sullivan,
Hugh McKeown, Barney Wall, Will Bel
den and Ed McArthur are probably suffo
cated, as there is no othef escape from the
mine except by the main shaft, which is
burning. The Buckleys are brothers of
Foreman Martin Buckley. The buildings
are a total loss.
Corbett JteUaied.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April B.— The charges
against Pugilist Corbett were nolle prossed
in Judge Murphy's court this afternoon.
Corbett was arrested yesterday, charged
with violating a city ordinance which pre
vents boxing in public.
INGERSOLL ON RELIGION
Says the Christian Endeavorers
Are All Eight, but Simply
Misguided.
He Pities Them Just as He Pities the
Man Who Thinks He Has Found
Perpetual Motion.
CLEVELAND, Ohio., April B.— Robert
G. Ingeraoll, who lectured here last night,
was interviewed on the effort of the Cleve
lana Christian Endeavorers to convert
him to Christianity by concerted prayer.
"The Christian Endeavor people," said he,
"are all right. I pity them, as I pity all
the other misguided. In the same way I
pity the man who thinks he has solved the
perpetual motion problem; just as I pity
the young girl who has done wrong; just
as I pity any and all who have faith in the
tissue of nonsense that is bound together
and'given the name of 'Bible.'
"It was good-natured on their part to
pray for me, and that act alone leads me
to believe that there is still hope for them.
The trouble with the Christian Endeavor
ers is that they don't give mv arguments
consideration. If they did they would
agree with me. Heretofore they have sim
ply said, 'Oh, Ingersoll! He" talks for
money. There is nothing in what he says.'
They did not listen to me with any inten
tion of giving a fair and impartial verdict.
Their decision was given before-hand.
"Things are changing now. I was alone
in my belief twenty years ago; now I have
a great deal of company. So far as the
prayers offered ud for me are concerned,
so far as I am able to learn they have done
me no barm, and if they have done me
any good I don't know of it. It is a strik
ing commentary, however, on the changes
of time, this method of battling me. There
was a time not long ago when a man who
expressed the opinions that I do would
have been tortured to death. Nowaday
they pray for one.
"After all, to what do the Christians ob
ject in my doctrine? I simply point out
what is obvious to all honest thinkers—
the in consistence, untruth and impossibili
ties of the Bible. It is all right if they
gain consolation from their belief, but so
far as i have observed tne Cnristian re
ligion brings nothing but pain, while my
belief brings happiness."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HELD IN CHAINS
AT VANCOUVER
Frank Afleck, a Harvard
Graduate, Deserts at
Fort Boise.
CAUGHT BY DETECTIVES
Will Be Court-Martialed for His
Escapade and for Stealing
Small Arms.
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE IN PRISON.
The Youthful Adventurer a Membsy
of an Influential Family in
New York.
PORTLAND. Or., April B.— Frank J.
Afleck, a Harvard graduate and the
brother of a wealthy member of the New
York Stock Exchange, who, after dissipat
ing a fortune of $10,000, sir months ago
enlisted in a cavalry troop at Fort Boise,
deserted recently and a week ago was
arrested in this city by Detectives Holsap
ple and Griffin. When taken into custody
there were found in his baggage a number
of souvenir small arms stolen from officers
at his post a short time before his deser
tion.
Afleck is a handsome young man, but
has given the military authorities at Van
couver no little trouble since Lis incarcer
ation. A few days after he was sent there
from Portland he made an effort to gain
his liberty by cutting a hole through a
bathroom. He was surprised before hia
efforts were crowned with success and
locked in a cell.
The following day Afleck tore hi 3
blankets into shreds, converting them into
a rope, with which to commit suicide. He
adjusted a noose about his neck and
mounting a chair, fastened the other end
of the impromptu rope to the iron grating
above the door of his ceil. Toen he kicked
the chair from under his feet and dangled
in the air. The noise made by the stran
gling prisoner attracted the attention of
the sergeant on duty outside, and he cut
Afleck down just in the nick of time.
The fellow expressed regret that he wag
not permitted to execute himself, and to
prevent him from repeating the act he was
placed in a straitjacket. He wore that
two days, when, upon a promise to behave
himself, he was released from the torturous
jacket. Since then he has been heavily
chained.
Afleck's family in a very influential one
in New York City, and will doubtless bring
much force to bear upon the Secretary of
"War to temper the severe sentence to be
imposed upon the deserter by the court*
martial convening next week.
HONORS TO YAMAGATA
Japan's Field Marshal Given a
Military Reception at
Omaha.
General Coppinger's Congratulatory
Address— Modest Response of the
Oriental Warrior.
OMAHA, Nebk., April B.— The intro
duction of Marquis Yamagata, Field
Marshal of Japan, to Omaha this after
noon was marred by a steady downpour
of rain. Brigadier-General Coppinger,
commander of the Department of the
Platte and staff and a guard of honor of
100 men from Fort Omaha, greeted the
Marshal when he stepped from the train.
The Marshal alighted from the car with
Private Secretary Terusaki and the Second
Regiment band stationed down at the
lower end of the platform played the na
tional air of Japan and with this brief for
mality, General Coppinger and staff es
corted the Marshal and staff to the mili
tary carriages in waiting and the party was
conveyed to ihe Millard Hotel.
When the party arrived in. the hotel ro
tunda General Coppinger said that he was
glad to welcome Marquis Yamagata to
Omaha and as a soldier, to extend to him
the congratulations of the Army of the
Department of the Platte. The reception
that he had received in Omaha, said the
general, was one that he must expect to
receive from all army men throughout the
civilized world who appreciated what he
had done in the late war against great
odds.
The world had watched the struggle
with keen interest, and he and his officers
wished to add their congratulations with
others.
Field Marshal Yamagata bowed his ac
knowledgments and in reply said that h«
was greatly pleased with the reception
accorded him, but that he did not think
that he deserved It.
He had not expected to be received in
such a manner, and he appreciated the
honor thus conferred upon him. He had
but done bis duty, something that ail men
should do.
The programme for the Marshal's enter
tainment has not been made out, General
Coppinger stating that the Marshal's own
wishes wonld be followed entirely. There
will be no parade at the fort, but in all
probability he will be escorted to Fort
Crook, the new post, in the morning.
Black Plague la Sot Rngimj.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— Reports
have been received at the State Depart
ment from consular officers in China and
Japan concerning the existence of the
black plague in Hongkong. According to
the information contained the disease has
been kept witnin bounds at Hongkong, al
though the arrival of a ship at Yokohama
with a case on board is reported.
For Interesting Pacific Coast Tele
grams See Pages 3 and 4.2
COMMOTION IN A
TOURIST PARTY.
Two Enterprising Gentle
men Arrested in a Chi
cago Hotel.
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Prominent Philadelphians Invest
Heavily in Canaigre Root
Cultivation.
SWINDLED BY AN OPTION DEAL
M3ny ThousanJs cf Dollars Obtained
by the Prisoners on Bonds That
Are Now Worthless.
CHICAGO, 111., April B.— John H.
Crou:hers and Henry B. Wall were ar
rested this afternoon at the Auditorium
Annex Hotel hy E. F. Gentner, an oilicer
of the State of Pennsylvania attached to
ttie State Attorney's office in Philadelphia,
whose authority was a requisition on the
Governor, obtained on an indictment
found against the men on April 1 in that
city, charging conspiracy to defraud C.
Arthur Beasley, a Philadelphia lawyer,
and other prominent citizens.
The arrests were accomplished while the
men ana a distinguished party of twenty
eurht Englishmen and their wives were
preparing to resume a transcontinental
journey in private Pullman cars. The
party went East to-night, but Crouthers
and Wall did not join them. *
They are accused of getting the Phila
delphia people to organize the Chicago
Canaipre Company for the purpose of cul
tivating the root on lands in Southern
California. New Mexico and Arizona, who
advanced $25,000 to the prisoners to under
write the oorooration's bonds in .London
for $1,800,000, and when they got to London
it is alleged they made fraudulent u?eof
the options on the land which the Phila
delphia company had secured and organ
ized the Anglo-American Canaigre Com
pany, to whom the options were trans
fered, leaving the Phiiadelphians in the
lurch. '
It is alleged that Crouthers, who was
the original owner of the options, obtained
thousands of dollars from John H. Sutton
of Philadelphia, givine him bonds in the
Chicago company, which are now worta
less. The party with whom the prisoners
were traveling is composed of stockholders
and prospective investors in the company,
chief among them being C. A. Duff
Miller of Miiler A Co., London, the largest
manufacturers of tannic extract in the
world. Mr. Miller, the men arrested and
George H. Tousey of Philadelphia, who is
also one of the party which has been hav
ing a luxurious trip to the Pacific Coast
from New Yorfc, are defendants in a civil
suit for $100,000 damages brought by Beas
ley and others.
BERING- SKA I'A.THOL.
Six Cutter* frill Leave for the Aorth
Within Turo Weeh*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— The
United States patrol fleet in Bering Sea
■will leave for the scene of operations from
San Francisco about the 12th inst. and will
rendezvous at Port Townsend, Wash.,
leaving that port oa April 20. It is ex
pected the fleet will arrive in Bering Soa
on May 1. Captain C. L. Hooper will be
in charge. The fleet will be composed of
the best revenue cutters, viz.: Grant,
Captain Slamm; Walcott, Captain Phil
lips; Corwin, Captain Roth: Bear, Cap
tain Tuttle; Rush, Captain Roberts, and
the Perry, Captain Smith.
While the fleet is in the North Pacific
Ocean its headquarters will be at Sitka,
Alaska, and when it touches the Bering
Sea the headquarters will be Dutch Har
bor. Unalaska. Captain Hooper will re
main ashore during most of the sea
son, directing the operations of the fleet
from shore headquarters.
A TRAMP'S WINDFALL.
Drop* Into a Fortune After a Five Tear*'
Pilgrimage.
NEW YORK, N. V., April B.— A Herald
special from Liberty, N. V., says: Jehiel
Judson, a tramp for the last five years,
has been notified that by the death -of a
friend in the State of Michigan he has
become heir to a fortune of $40,000. Some
years ago Judson was possessed of a com
petence, which he lost through unfortun
ate speculation, and becoming disheart
ened and dissipated was finally reduced to
vagrancy. He wandered from place to
place, homeless and friendless, until fte
finally decided to reform, and recently
wrote a letter to hig home in Michigan
declaring his intentions. A reply was
soon received inclosing a return ticket and
advising Judson that a fortune of $40,000
was awaiting him. He left for his old
home yesterday.
FIGHT WITH ROBBERS.
live Young Detperadoe* Run Itou-n in
Indian Territory.
INDEPENDENCE, Kans., April 8.-
Two weeks ago the Exendine Commercial
Company's store at Ringo, I. T., was
roDbed by five outlaws, who got away
with a large amount of booty. Two of the
eang were soon captured, and the officers
have been hard on the trail of the remain
ing three since Sunday. Yesterday Deputy
Marshalls Gibson, Smith, Seaqnftv anc*.
Jackson unexpectedly came on them at a
ravine near Bartlettsville.
The desperadoes opened fire and the
officers returned it. Two shots struck
Jim Rook, one of the outlaws, seriously
injuring: him. The outlaws escaped, but
were again located on Coon creek and cap
tured. All of them, with the exception of
Rook, are on their way to Fort Smith to
be tried. Rook is only 18 years old.
A.. R. V. TROUBLES.
Commission of Nebraska's State Organ
4*rr Revnked— Charter Suspended.
OMAHA, Nebr., April B.— A letter has
just been received from President Eugene
V. Debs of t&e A. R. U. stating that the
commission of State Organizer Waller has
been revoked, and that the charter of local
American Railway Union No. 341 has Deen
suspended, rending the investigation ol
charges of boodling preferred against the
officers. Mr. Debs states very emphati
cally that if the charges are proven Mr.
Waller and otuers implicated will be ex
pelled from the order. This action may
be taken as the aftermath of the conserva
tive and socialist squabble that has been
disturbing labor circles here for the past
two months. Waller was the leader of the
socialist wine.
liuried Under a mteatn Excavator.
TOLEDO. Ohio, April B.— At an early
hour this morning a ponderous steam ex
oavator being pushed along by a light en
gine, jumped the track while crossing the
Wheeling and Lake Erie bridge, over the
Maumee River. It tore through the iron
work, and carried the whole of an 80-foot
span into the river with it. The engine
remained on the track. A switchman
named Bripgs of Ironville, who was riding
on the excavator, was carried down and
drowned. His body has not yet been re
covered. He leaves a widow and four
children. The property loss is estimated
at $7000.
THE OHIO HORROR.
Smith Confesses the Murder of the Stone
Family.
AKRON, Ohio, April B.— John Smith,
the ex-hired man of the Stone family,
three members of which were so crueliy
murdered ten days ago at Tallmadge, was
arrested to-niebt, brought to this city|and
charged with murder. Smith confessed,
acknowledging that he killed Alvin N.
Stcne and wife and Ira Stillson and in
flicted severe injuries on Emma and Hattie
Btone. Smith was discharged by Alvin
Stone two weeks before the crime for pay
ing too much attention to the youngest
daughter.
THE I> HI A A A. AT SEA.
Successfully Backs Out of the Port lloval
Drydoek.
CHARLESTON, S. C, April B.— A spe
cial to the News and Courier from Beau
fort, S. C, says: At 4 o'clock this after
noon, one hour before high water, the
battleship Indiana backed out of the dry
dock at Port Royal. Only one tug was re
quired to start her, and she steamed out
without difficulty and proceeded seaward.
Her exit without trouble, drawing 24 feet
6 inches in the dock to 25 feet outside, was
a perfect success.
Meeeivcr for a Questionable Concern.
CHICAGO, 111., April B.— A receiver
was appointed to-day for the Continental
Investment and Loan Association by
Judge Gibbons on the report of a real
estate expert, who stated that the concern
bad been doing business since 1890 oh
false representations and that the«lnanage
raent had been of the worst kind for the
investors. The association was attacked
some time ago by Attorney-General
Moloney and an investigation ordered.
BERING SEA VIOLATIONS
The Senate Holds a Brief Exec
utive Session on the
Subject.
Action to Be Taken on the Foreign
Relations Committee Report
in a Few Days.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April S.— The
executive session of the Senate this after
noon was brief, and was devoted to the re
ception of a report from Sherman,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, on the treaty now before the
Senate relating to the appointment of a
commission for the assessment of dam
ages growing out of the seizure of the
Canadian vessels for violations of the regu
lations relating to Bering Sea fur-seal
fisheries. Sherman reported a few amend
ments, which were ordered printed.
The treaty will be taken up in a few
days. Objection was made to its consid
eration on account of the illness of Senator
Morgan, although Sherman stated that
the State Department was very anxious to
have the matter disposed of.
The amendments reported are only ver
bal and will hot change the text of the
treaty in any material manner. An addi
tion of four vessels not included in the
statement of facts submitted to the Paris
tribunal, and which were thrown out by
the committee, have been permitted to
stand. The word "award" as used in the
treaty has, however, been expurgated for
the reason that the committee does not
agree with the claim of the British Em
bassador that the Paris tribunal made any
award in connection with this matter. On
the contrary, they contend that the ques
tion of damages was not before the tri
bunal and that bigh court of arbitration
expressly declined to consider any ques
tion relating to damages.
Believing that the word '"award," if per
mitted to stand, therefore, may lead to
confusion, the committee has reported in
favor of striking it out and changing the
text relating to the statement of fact so as
to read "as found by the Paris tribunal"
instead of '"as found by the award of the
Paris tribunal," etc.
Tne only other amendment of conse
quence is one that provides that tbe com
mission may sit either in Vancouver or
San Francisco, the original draft of the
convention stipulating that the session
snail be held in Vancouver.
Should the illness of Mr. Morgan (who
it may be stated, is antagonistic to any
treaty) be prolonged, it is believed that
the matter will be taken up and disposed
of, for the State Department has been urg
ing speedy action owing to the presencein
Washington of Sir Stafford Northcbte,
who is understood to be the English mem
ber of the commission to be authorized by
the treaty. The season for sealing is so
far advanced that there is also an addi
tional reason why the matter should be
disposed of at the earliest opportunity.
KISGS niTUOUT THROXEB.
nest Point la Turning Out Too Many
Army Officers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— Those
cadets who will complete the four years'
course at West Point in June will be con
fronted with the most extraordinary situa
tion that ever has confronted the lot of
young aspirants for army commissions.
They will find on graduation morning
probably not more than a dozen vacancies
in all departments of the service for some
seventy men. This condition is due to the
number of appointments made from the
ranks in the last year and the compara
tively few retirements and casualties.
Usually at this lime of the year the class
about to be graduated has some thirty or
forty vacancies waiting to be filled, and
for years there has been generally a sur
plus above those necessary for West
Pointers. The result was tnat a few years
ago many civilians received appointments
in the army, among them the sons of
General Schbfield and Senator Sewell.
Despite the discouraging outlook all the
cadets will be provided for eventually, us
the law directs that all graduates shall be
commissioned in some branch of the army.
The department, therefore, will have to
designate at least sixty of the cadets addi
tional sec end lieutenants, and place them
un the list awaiting vacancies.
31U&T BE XON-SECTA.BIAH.
Proviso Made *n the District of Colum
bia Appropriation.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April B.— The
bill makine appropriations for the District
of Columbia was reported to the House
to-day. It authorizes the District Com
missioners to contract for the care and
maintenance of orphans, paupers, sick and
helpless, and appropriates $94,100 for that
purpose, with the proviso "that no part of
the money herein appropriated shall be
paid for the purpose of maintainini or
aiding by payment for services or expenses
or otherwise any church or religious de
nomination or any institution or society
which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical
control." This is the only substantial
change made in the bill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
CONGRESSIONAL
PROCEEDINGS
Teller's Bill to Govern the
Reserves of Country-
Banks.
CONGESTION IN CITIES.
Millions Diverted From Business
Channels and Lent to Stock
Speculators.
THE EVIL MUST BE STOPPED.
Hoar of Massachusetts Indorses the
Proposed Reform cf the Colo
rado Senator.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 8.-A bill
giving a pension of $50 a month to the
widow of Charles 8. Hamilton, major
general of volunteers, was passed by the
Senate to-day.
Teller (R.) of Calorado introduced a bill
providing that all National banking asso
ciations shall keep their reserves in their
own vaults, and moved its reference to the
Committee on Finance. He said there
was a general impression that the conges
tion of money in the Eastern cities grew
out of the practice of country banks keep
ing their reserves in the city of New York
and other "reserve cities." The country
banks draw interest on these deposits in
stead of using their money in their own
localities. That practice was considered
very detrimental to the business interests
of the country.
He understood that in September last
the amount of these reserves of country
banks held in New York banks was $200,
--000,000. This money was largely lent out by
the New York banks to stock speculators.
His information was that 75 per cent of it
was lent to stockbrokers and stock specu
lators. He desired the Finance Committee
to inquire whether there was not some
way to stop that evil. Possibly the banks
ought not to be required to keep all their
reserves in their own vaults; but they
ought to be required to keep a Jarge pro
portion of them, so as to prevent an ac
cumulation of money in the banks of "re
serve cities."
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts expressed
his approval of Teller's proposition, and
hoped that the Senator would succeed in
effecting the reform he proposed.
The bill wa3 referred to the Finance
Committee.
IS THE HOUSE.
Favne and Cummings THacu** the Bill
to Abolish Compulsory Pilotage.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 8.-Acting
upon the operation of the previous ques
tion upon the engrossment and third read
ing of the bill to adopt the metric system
of weights and measures in the United
States, the House proceeded immediately
after the reading of the bill to vote upon it
by ayes and noes, the result being ayes 119,
noes 117.
The vote was seen to be exceedingly
close, and some minutes were spent in re
capitulating the vote and in changing of
votes by members. At the last moment
Dockery (D.) of Missouri changed his vote
from "no" to "aye," thereby changing the
result.
Hurley (R.) of New York moved to re
consider the vote and to lay that motion
on the table, on which another vote by
ayes aud noes was ordered. There was a
decided change on this call, the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote being defeated by 111 ayes to 132
noes.
The vote recurring then on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
ordered the engrossment and third reading
of the bill that was also ordered taken
by ayes and noes. The motion to recon
sider was carried by 141 ayes to 99 noes.
C. W. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania asked
unanimous consent to withdraw the bill
from the further consideration of the
House, but to this Dockery and others ob
jected. He then moved that it be recom
mitted to the Committee on Coinage,
Weights and Measures. This was agreed
to by. 130 to 59.
After the House had agreed to Senate
amendments to certain bills Payne (R.) of
New York called up the bill reported by
him from the Committee on Mercnant
Marine and Fisheries to abolish the com
pulsory pilotage system, otherwise known
as a bill to relieve American coastwise
shipping of an unjust discrimination.
It was arranged that debate on the bill
should continue throughout to-day's ses
sion and until to-morrow to 2 p. m., when a
vote on the passage of the bill shall be
taken.
Payne explained the intent and scope
of the bill. He said : "It is contended
that many of the Southern ports are ren
dered dangerous by the shifting channels
and by the changing conditions of the
sandbar 3 and that a man must be upon
the ground every day in order to know the
dangerous places. It is hard to believe
that this is true in the ports of Virginia,
Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama or
Texas, as the Legislatures of those States
have declared that their port 9 are safe
without the services of a pilot if the owner
paid a tax. annual or otherwise. There is
not the sliahtest danger that the service
will go down or will even be seriously
crippled by the proposed change. When
pilots are necessary and can render real
service they will be employed. When they
are not necessary and their services are
not used, they should not be permitted to
become a charge upon interstate com
merce." .
Cummings (D.) of New York, opposing
the bill, said it had appeared in every Con
gress in which he had been a member,
and was defeated in the Fifty-first Con
gress on a question of consideration. It
was a bill, he said, drawn in favor of the
vessel-owners and against the pilots. Were
not the- ship-owners already sufficiently
protected ? he asked.
Cummin* s said that Congress, while
enacting plentiful, generous Drotection for
the ship-owners, had done nothing for the
pilots, relegating them to the Legislatures
of the several States. That was where the
advocates of the bill should bave gone for
the relief they seek. That would have
been the manly thing to do.
Referring to the statement by Payne
and by Simpkins that the Pilots' Associa
tion had sent representatives to Washing
ton to lobby against the bill Cummin^s
said : "I have seen in the corriUorß and I
know two or three members wbom he has
imoortuned in behalf of this bill a myrmi
don of mugwumpery named Chamberlain,
said to be the Commissioner of Naviga
tion. Grover Cleveland, President of the
United States, has removed from the of
fice of Governor of Arizona a Mr. Hughes,
because be was charged with sending tele
grams to Congressmen asking them to vote
for some school bill. 1 say to the gentlemen
on the other side that if they are friends
of Mr. Chamberlain they will allow this
bill to be killed, for if it shall pass and
Mr. Cleveland held to the rule he laid
down in the Arizona case, Mr. Chamber
lain will navieate out oi Washington very
speedily." [Applause.]
Wads worth (R.) of N«w York, chairman
of the Committee on Agriculture, pre
sented the report of the conferees on the
agricultural appropriation bill. The ac
companying statement showed that the
bill, as finally agreed upon by the con
ferees, carried a total appropriation of $3,
--302,792—1e5s by $78,120 than the bill carried
as it passed the Senate.
The report was agreed to, and at 5:30
o'clock the House adjonrned until to
morrow.
YOSEIHITE VALLEY RAILWAY.
Senator Perkins Introduces a Bill Granting
Rights of Way Through the Man- •
posa Forest Reservation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 3.-Sen
ator Perkins to-aay introduced a bill
granting a right of "way 200 feet wide to
the Yosemite Vailey and Merced Railway
Company from Merced to the Cascades,
on the Merced River, Mariposa County,
through the Mariposa forest reservation
and over such vacant public lands as may
be required for Buch right of way by the
shortest practicable route between said
points.
The right of way asked is through Town
ship No. 2 south, range 20 east, Mount
Diablo meridian; Township No. 3 south,
ranee 19 east, Mount Diablo meridian;
Township No. 3 south, range 20 east,
Mount Diablo meridian.
The company shall have the ripht to take
from public lands adjacent material, earth,
stone and timber necessary to construct
said road, and shall have the ground ad
jacent, for station buildings, depots,
machine-shops, sidetracks, turnouts and
water stations, n6t to exceed in amount
twenty acres for each station, to the ex
tent of one station for each ten miles of its
road.
Iso right shall vest in the company until
plats thereof, made upon actual survey,
snail be filed with the Secretary of the
Interior and are approved by him. The
company shall not assign, or "transfer, or
mortgage the right of way for any purpose
whatever until completion of the line;
provided, however, the company may
mortgage said franchise and execute a
deed of trust conveying the same assurity
for bonds to construct and complete the
said road.
RESTRAINING BARRIERS
Appropriation for Their Construc
tion Discussed by California's
Delegation.
An Understanding Arrived At Which
Will Be Satisfactory to All
Concerned.
WASHINGTON, D. ft, April B.— The
California delegation held a meeting to
day for the purpose of considering certain
amendments to the appiopriation for the
restraining barriers proposed by Robert T.
Devlin, who is here representing the Anti-
Debris Association of California.
Mr. Devlin addressed the delegation at
length and urged upon them the addition
of a provision expressly limiting the pur
pose of the proposed appropriation to the
construction of works for the detention of
detritus now in the canyons, and a further
provision to the efteet that no works need
be constructed if the engineers iv charge
deem them unnecessary under present
conditions.
Mr. Devlin explained that he was op
posed to the appropriation altogether, but
upon ascertaining the condition of affairs
here he had concluded to abandon his op
position to the appropriation as a whole
and confine his efforts to an attempt to
secure the changes above noted.
Tirey L. Ford followed Mr. Devlin and
showed that the amendments suggested
by Mr. Deviin would, in effect, change the
terms of the Camiuetti act and would thus
be a step in the direction of undoing what
Congress had already done.
After considerable discussion the dele
gation concluded to reject Mr. Devlin's
amendments, but practically agreed upon
modifying the laneuage of the appropria
tion so that the same should read as fol
lows:
''For the construction of restraining
barriers for the protection of th- Sacra
mento and Feather rivers in California,
$250,000; such restraining barriers to be
constructed under the direction of the
Secretary of War, in accordance with the
recommendations of the California Debris
Commission. "
Mr. Devlin seemed inclined to accept this
modification as the best he could secure,
and Mr. Ford, while declining to commit
himself finally upon the matter until he
could hear from California, is understood
to be personally satisfied with the change
in language. There seems to be no ques
tion about the appropriation being made,
the sole remaining question being as to
the language in which it shall be clothed.
COMESTJED ELECTIOSS.
J'oxtr Cases Disposed of by the House
WASHINGTON, D. C, AprU 8.-House
Committee on Elections No. 8, Me-
Call chairman, to-day decided four
contested election cases. The case
of Murray against Elliott, from the
First South Carolina District, was de
cided in favor of Murray, colored (R.), the
contestant.
In the case of Johnson vs. Stokes, from
the Seventh South Carolina District, it is
recommended that Stokes (D.) retain the
The case of Kearny (Pop.) against Ab
bott (D.), from tte Sixth Texas District,
was decided in favor of Abbott, the sitting
member.
In the case of Ratcliffe (Pop.) against
\\iiliams(D.), from the Fifth Mississippi
District, the contestant failed to appear,
anA the committee unanimously recom*
meilded that Williams retain the seat.
THE XOItTHBitN PACIFIC*
Senator Mitchell Propose* Restriction* in
It* Future Management. .
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 8.-The
Northern Pacific Railroad, which will in
the near future be sold at foreclosure sale,
was the subject of a joint resolution intro
duced in the Senate at a late r hour to-day
by Senator Mitchell of Oregon. The reso
lution is quite voluminous and is intended
to facilitate ' the : reorganization of >• the
Northern Pacific system and to • secure < to
the settlers along that line . the right to
purchase at a price not exceeding $2 50 per
acre the agricultural lands within its grant.
It also prohibits the present company, the
purchaser ?. under the ' foreclosure of r any
other persons who may become its owners,
from giving by consolidation, sale or other
corporate action, control of its railroad |to
any corporation, company, person or asso
ciation of persons owning, operating or
controlling a parallel or competing road.
LADY OM SANG
RULES KOREA
Succeeds the Late Queen
as Dictator to the
King.
AFFAIRS IN A CHAOS.
i
Forty Japanese Murdered at
Seoul During the Recent
Uprisings.
APPEAL FROM A RUSSIAN JAIL.
Californians at V adtvostock Want
News of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons
Fi'ht.
TOKIO, Japan, March 29.— At the capi
tal of Korea thinga are still in chaos.
Dissensions in the new Cabinet at Seoul
grow more pronounced. It is believed
four leading members will sever their con
nection with the Cabinet shortly, owing to
the arbitrariness of the three Lis. Since
the assassination of the Queen, a worthy
successor to her has appeared in the per
son of Lady Om Sang, who, it is said, en
joys great favor with the King and to
have that weak-minded monarch as much
under her control as he was under that of
his late consort. While the Queen lived,
her jealousy obliged Lady Om Sang to re
main aloof fiom the court. Lady Om Sang
devised the King's flight to the Russian
embassy, and now directs his actions from
behind the curtain, and there are likely to
be more chapters to this almond-eyed
romance before it draws to a close.
At what time the King will return to
the palace is still problematical. His re
moval from the Russian legation to a
detached palace close by is contemplated.
The Russians have a strong fleet in the
Orient, and their'officers of high rank are
very much in evidence at all functions on
shore, where their fine physique and the
beauty of their uniform attract attention,
and are said to throw the American and
British naval officers in the shade in these
regards.
The number of Japanese murdered in
Seoul during the recent disturbances is
forty, as officially reported, and Korean
officials have fared no better. Nine pro
vincial Governors have been assassinated
and three others obliged to flee for their
lives. Riots have occurred in nineteen
places.
The insurgents no longer receive from
the Cabinet the title of "patriots," but are
now called "rebels" in the official dis
patches. It had been the habit for
"patriot" ringleaders to appear at the
War Office to claim reward for the move
ments they had led. The assassins of
the late Minister of Finance audaciously
came to claim a reward, but were thrown
into prison.
Reports from Kucheng district show
that the severe measures against the vege
tarians after the Whasang massacre have
produced a marked effect upon the people,
who now show a strong disposition to em
brace Christianity. The applicants for ad
mission to English-speaking schools have
also greatly increased. The average China
man begins to believe that the future is
with the foreigners; but anti-foreign feel
ing is exhibiting itself again in Cbeng-Tu.
Petty acts of hostility against the Cana
dian missions are reported.
The extraordinary length of the voyage
made by the Pacific Mail steamship City
of Rio do Janeiro on her last trip between
San Francisco and Yokohama caused so
much inconvenience to consignees that
several claims are preferred in the United
States consulate in Yokohama. Master
and officers were consequently obliged to
swear to a statement that the delay was
due entirely to bad weather and lack of
fuel, and that faulty seamanship was in no
way responsible.
Last year a Japanese volcano called
Kirisbima, bursting suddenly into erup
tion, caused the death of three men. On
the 15th of March of this year the pay
master of the French cruiser Parfait de
termined to ascend the mountain. Just
as he and a guide reached the vicinity of
the crater formed by last year's eruption
the volcano developed new activity. A
large stone struck the guide on the spine,
killing him instantly.
The watch factory established two years
ago in Osaka with the intention of cutting
into the eastern trade of the great Wal
tbam firm, did not prove successful. The
watches produced there could not compete
with the imported, the Japanese prefer
ring to pay a little more for the latter.
The factory has now dispensed with the
services of its American experts and prom
ises to undersell its foreign competitors.
The Japanese Diet bas voted to abolish
import duty on wool. Attention is now
being actively directed to the manufacture
of woolen fabrics in Japan and in view of
the remarkable success made in the case
of cotton yarn there seems to be no rea
son why a similar record should not be
achieved with regard to woole n fabrics.
At the opening of the Chinese Chamber
of Commerce in Hongkong the Chinese
colonel in command of the imperial forces
at Kowloon on the mainland crossed over
to the British dominion and presided at
the ceremony. That looked so very much
like an attempt on the part of the Chinese
to interfere with ii reat Britain's jurisdic
tion within the ceded territory that a
sharp remonstrance was at once addressed
by the Governor of Hongkong to the
Viceroy of Canton. The result was a pub
lic reprimand for the colonel and an inti
mation that if he misbehaved similarly
again he would be dismissed.
A letter from Vladivostock jail has been
received at Yokohama from Henry Ross,
saying that be, Stephen Beeman and Ma
honey of San^Francisco and Edward Howe
of Petaluma, sailors of the sealer Silver
Fleece, are in jail for five months for being
found in Russian waters without papers.
He hopes and expects that they will all be
free in July. He asks for newspapers and
news of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons right,
and says to address favors to "the Ameri
cans in jail," Vladivostock.
Wholesale silt merchants are experienc
ing considerable trouble owing to the de
pression in trade and the steady fall in
prices. Over 30,000 bales of silk are stocked
in Yokohama, for which no buyers are
forthcoming. The prospect is not cheer
ing, for business with America is entirely
suspended at present, and the European
demand extremely meager.
From the standpoint of national indua
try this is a significant period. A 9 an evi
dence of the expansion of Japanese mari
time enterprise, it is noted that the Japan
ese steamer Tosa Maru has departed on the
pioneer voya;e of the new service to Eu
rope. The poods shipped by her were un
expectedly numerous, her cargo reaching
the limit of her capacity.
THE HOLMES EXECUTION.
A Scientist Is Refused Permission to Wit
ness It — The Murderer's So- Called
Confession.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April B.—Hun
dreds of applications have been made for
permission to witness the execution of
Holmes, the murderer, who is to hang on
May 7. The most interesting is that of
Dr. Arthur Macdonald, the head of the
Psycho-Neurologist department of the
National Bureau of Education in Wash
ington. His. study has been among crim
inals. Science has contrived an instru
ment which is known as the kymographi
con. It is for recording in visible lines
human emotion. With this machine the
scientist wishes to ascertain the emotions
of the convicted murderer just before he
goes to the gallows.
Dr. Macdonald explained that it was in
the interest of science and that he was act
ing in his official capacity. But the au
thorities have refused to grant the doctor's
request. Holmes was consulted, and de
clined to submit to such examination.
The Sheriff says the prisoner is entitled to
a quiet, peaceable hansing.
The time of the condemned man is taken
up chiefly with efforts to dispose of a state
ment which he has written purporting to
be a true autobiography, or "confession,"
as it is called. It is said a New York pa
per has secured it for a large sum.
BALLINGTON AND MAUD
The Volunteer Commanders Ad
dress Two Immense Audi
ences at Chicago.
Eva Booth Does Not Anticipate Many
Desertions From the Regular
Salvationists.
CHICAGO, 111., April B.— Willard Hall,
in the Woman's Temple, was jammed at
noon to-day with people who came to hear
Ballington and Maud Booth, the com
manders of the Volunteers, they having
been invited by the W. C. T. U. to address
the usual noon hour meeting. The motto
of his addre6s was, "Our God, Our Country
and Our Work." He was followed by
Mrs. Booth, and the hearts of those who
crushed to see and hear the noted Salva
tionists were touched by her tenderness
and pathos. No relerence was made to
the old army.
Altboueh apparently wearied by their
exertions since leaving New York, the
commander and his wife addressed an
other immense audience to-niuht at the
Oakland Methodist Church.
Miss Eva Booth was in a happy mood
when seen at the Salvation Army head
quarters this morning and spoke uncon
cernedly of the BalJinpton Booth dem6n
stration at the Auditorium. "I think
there were a few of our soldiers at that
meeting;," she said, "but if any of our
officers join the new movement it will be
only the weaker ones. We are receiving
reports from all parts of the country
which indicate that the old army will
stand true to the colors. I will leave for
England next week."
Miss Booth will remain here until Com
mander and Mrs. Booth-Tucker arrive
next Saturday and until the new brigadier
of the Northwest division assumes charge.
At the Volunteers' headquarters the
claim was made that 500 Salvationists had
joined the Volunteers from this division
alone. They will be organized into corps
near the old army halls in all parts of tha
city. Colonel Fielding will assume charge
of the division to-morrow.
When Commander Booth was shown a
dispatch trotn New York alleging a recon
ciliation he said it was all bosh.
L. A. W. BULLETI*.
Official Handicappers—Xew Profession-
Is — Accepted Records.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 8. -The
following is the official L. A. W. bulletin
issued by Chairman Gideon:
Official handicappers appointed — William
Rosborough, St. Louis, Mo. W. p. Morarlty,
Kansas City, Kans. ; F. B. Thrall. Ottumwa,
Iowa; W. Tobie, Portland, Me.; M. J. Fleck
Louisville, Ky.: N. R.Stevenson, Wheeling, W.
Va.; R. A. Smyth, San Francisco; H. C. F.
Smith. Los Angeles, Cal.
Declared professionals — Godfrey Schmidt,
Los Angeles, Cal., clause E; Oscar Lane, San
Diego, Cal., clause £ ; W. H. Palmer, San Diego,
Cal., clause E.
. Sanctions granted— 9, Garden City Cy
clers, San Jose, Cal. .._,■...-
Records accepted— \V. W. Hamilton, Co
ronedo, Cal., one mile, paced, flying start
1:39 1-5, March 27. 1896. ' . * , •
RECORDS FJiLJL, AT COROXAItO.
Wheelmen of the Steams Team Make Fast
Time on Tandems.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 8. — Two
world's bicycle records were broken this
morning at Goronado by the speedy young
men of the Steams team now in training
there. They were the half and the quar
ter mile tandem records, unpaced. The
half mile was made by Randall and Schef.
ski in :50 3-5. The best previous record
was :52 3-5, made by Terrill and Taylor, on
WBW TO-DAY.
An unusual occurrence.
Our 20 per cent reduction on
French Bathrobes is a rare oc-
currence and will last but a
week.
Profit by a peep into our Post
street window.
Too many Sweaters-— down
for one week to $1.35, from $2.
They're all wool, four shades, in all sizes.
Bike and outing Leather Belts
— a big special, 25c.
In view in Kearny-street windows.
In this instance haste pre-
vents waste.
Mail order customers! Here's your chance.
the same track on Marci 2. Randall lives
at Hochester, N. V., and Schefski at Sait
Lake City. Both have tssisted in break
ine tandem records before.
The quarter-mile tanlem record was
broken by Randall and Kiser of Dayton,
Ohio, the •time being : 23 2-5. The best
previous time was :24 3-5, made by Long
and Delmas, at Sacrament* on October 10.
1894. A perfect day, with scarcely s
breath of air stirring, madt the porform
ance of the two tandem tetina of double
value to both men and wheel, for hereto
fore all tandem and short-distance records,
unpaced, have been made wiih the aid of
a vale of wind.
Paeiflr Coast Pension.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April B.— Pacific
Coast pensions to-day were issued as fol
lows:
California— Original, Benton Jones, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; William Woods,
Veterans' Home, Napa.
Oregon — Original, James W. Paul,
Dallas; William Byrne, Grants Pass.
Washington— Original. Wilson 8. Cavill,
Shelton. •
Condition of the Treasury .
WASHINGTON, D. C.. April 8.-The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day was $127,036,167. The with
drawals for the day were $79,900. Th«
$500,000 taken at New York to-day for ex
port was not taken from the »üb-treagury.
A Life Saver.
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, - Gal.
"mHE SMITH A MIGHTY, AN 13
•*- he." Carl [ Beauman [is a Smith—
blacksmith — now strong, vigorous and
rugged. It was only a short time ago
when he was a sick man, a tited, weary
day laborer. He could digest no food, bad
pains in his liver and pains over the kid-
neys. He suffered from exhaustion, ex-
posure, cold and overwork. In his own
words:
THE EDWIN W. JOY COMPANY— Gentle-
men : I may not be able to tell you in fine
language the great gratitude 1 feel, but I can
tell it just the same. A short time ago I was on
the flat of my back with pains all over my body
and pains in my stomach. i I used Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla for two weeks and my bowels
became regular, and I could feel that I was get-
ting on. I continued to use Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla until I was well enough to work,
and now I am strong again: Say, God bless
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It 18 a great
remedy. • Signed, / . -
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal. .
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is the great
California remedy of which so much has
already been said. More than 10.000 testi-
monials are in the office of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. It is gooa for the blood,
liver and kidneys. It is a fine remedy for
people suffering from constipation. rlt
will cure the worst case of chronic consti-
pation. Ask your druggist or dealer for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
I^=] J j i H J**n
RUBY LIP PRUNES, Tife
Largest 4 lbs. 25c. *n*J^y
',1 i i "' * ' r tCL- 1 vex
Above "Special" this week only. '' • Wjr
"Smith's Weekly" tells all about «7
the Specials.
Removai Sal* now In progress. ■
.Freight prepaid 100 miles and over. ' /
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
SMITHS' CASH store.
°■" " I nO 414-18 Front, S.F.
Largest Pepartm't Store west of Chicago.
FLOWER FESTIVALS?
FIESTAS,
ROSE CARNIVALS,
and the like, will be the delight of California
for the next two or three months.
Santa Barbara Flower Festival, the fame
Of which is world-wide, and the glory of which,
like that of Solomon, is not half told, opens
April IS. Queen Flora will reign 3 days an
arbitrary and absolute despot.
La Fiesta de Zos Angeles, now fixed in
the chronology of California feasts, and not
less illustrious than its older prototypes, com-
mences April 22, and. the riot of fun will
spread over 4 days.
The Carnival of Soses, to take place in
San Jose May 6th to 9th, Inclusive, though a
more recent candidate for favors of the fun-
loving world, yet because of the limitless possi-
bilities of the Garden City for anything that 1*
made of roses, is quite as full of promise. - ■,
REDUCED RATES
Will be made by the SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY for all these brilliant events. Ar-
range your programmes accordingly end call
on agents for particulars. •. :,>• • ■■ -.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE ' -
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN PKTIL MIDNIGHT. ■
& PATENTS! >)
__ MARKET aLSJ.^iM^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law ana Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo-
SS^J^!?^*^ ' idenco 162 °POLITICS AND
CONVENTIONS.
Utah's Republican Dele
gates Opposed to
McKinley.
WESTERN INTERESTS.
Illinois Prohibitionists Declare
for Free Silver in Their
Platform.
WORKING HAKD FOR ALLISON.
Friends of the lowa Senator Are
Engaging All Available Rooms
at St. Louis.
PaLT LAKE, Utah, April S.— The Utah
delegates to the Republican National Con
vention, at a caucus to-night, practically
agreed on a line of action. An effort will
he made to consolidate the delegation from
the intermountain States, in order that
the interests of the West, especially silver,
may he looked after most effectively.
Utah's vote will be against McKinley, al
though the delegation has not declared
for any man.
ILLINOIS PROHlBITlOSISlt).
They Adopt a Free- Silver Plank by an
Overwhelming Majority.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 8.-The
Prohibition State Convention opened here
this morning, with over 700 delegates
present. The principal event of the day
was the fight over the adoption of the free
silver plank of the platform, which was
finally adopted by an overwhelming ma
jority. The resolution is as follows:
We declare that money should consist of
■liver and paper, and be issued by the
Go eminent directly to the people without the
Intervention of any'private individual or cor
poration, and to be a full legal tender for all
debts, both public and private; that the Gov
ernment should not discriminate in favor of
gold U against silver, and that the mints
should be open upon equal terms to both at
the ratio now established by law. We oppose
the issuing of Government bonds in times of
peace.
The platform also reaffirms the position
of the party on the liquor question, de
clares for woman suffrage, civil service re
form in all grades of the public service,
education in the English language, pro
tection by law of Sunday rest, the election
of United States Senators by popular vote,
arbitration of disputes between employer
and employe and Government control of
railways.
No nominations were made to-day. The
convention adjourned until to-morrow.
To-night an oratorical contest was held
between representatives of college Prohi
bition clubs.
KENTUCKY revvblicaxs.
MeKinley Hat the Majority of the Dele-
Kfiff?ga gate* to Far Elected.
LEXINGTON, Kv., April B.— Following
is a carefully compiled list of delegates
from counties that have held Republican
convention?" :
For McKinley — Twenty-eight counties
outside of Jefferson, 352: for McKinley in
Jefferson, 123; total, 505. For Bradley—
Thirty-three counties outside of Jefferson,
40.5; for Bradley in Jefferson, 72: total, 475.
Vninstructed — Ten counties, 151. Con
tested—Two counties, 47.
The Seventh District Republican Con
vention to-day elected Jud^e G-eorge
Denny and Leslie Coombs, both McKinley
men, delegates to the National Convention
at St. Louis. The vote was 69 for McKin
ley to 54 for Bradley.
Working Hard, for Allison.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April B.— Colonel H.
L. Swords, sergeant-at-arms of the Repub
lican National Committee, is working
hard for Alliaon of lowa. To-day he en
gaged accommodations for 200 persons at
the Lindell and made a new contract with
the Planters' Hotel for forty-five rooms.
He has also contracted for "twelve rooms
at Hursts Hotel and accommodations for
fifty more lowa delegates at the Laclede.
SANTA ROSA'S RIVALS
Heavy Vote for Jessica Kloppen
burg, a Beauty From the
Redwoods.
Progress of the Balloting for Queens
in Healdsburg and San
Jose.
SANTA ROaA, Cal., April B.— The
queen contest took another turn to-night.
Mia Sara Hall, who lms been in the second
place for several days, passed her fair op
ponent, Mrs. L. W. Burris, i>y 100 votes to
day. The friends of the lady from the
redwoods have not been idle, however,
and Miss Jessica Klopp^nburg passed the
s"iO mark to-day. The crowd which
gathered to-night to watch the progress of
the count seemed to be very friendly to
this newcomer.
When an envelope containing fifty votes
was opened and found to be for the Red
wood belie it seemed to please the audience
exceedingly, and it is strongly suspected
ti.at four or five gentlemen from Coleman
Valley were the Jeaders in the demonstra
tions of approval that arose when the new
candidate forged ahead. Some of Mrs.
Burris 1 friends also seemed pleased over
<»tie or two of the little white envelopes,
but a golden eagle for Miss Sara Hall
dampened their enthusiasm and placed
th-j fairhaired daughter of Supervisor
Hail far in the lead.
The towns of Occidental and Free-
Btone have decided to have a float of un
usual elegance in the parade, and it is
sstated npon good authority that it will be
c prize-w.nner. The students of the So
ooma Valley High School will also try for
A prize with a finely decorated float. That
the interest in the coming festival is not
confined to .^anta Rosa is suown by the
attitude of the .surrounding towns in en
tering their floats and otherwise assisting,
and the fact that it will be a county affair
insures its success.
SAXIA. CRUZ'S FKTK.
The Election of a «m«,, mil Enliven
the Preparation:
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. April 8. -The car
rival committee held an extended meet
ing to-ni;ht, and occupied a good deal of
time inspecting plans and propositions.
But there was an interruption im the dis
cussion sufficient to add $2100 to the cash
fund with which to carry on the work.
The street decoration committee re
ported a scheme for electric lights and
draperies which would add to the pic
turesqueness of the several attractions.
It was agreed that an arch should be built
at the entrance of the carnival grounds,
though the details of construction were
not acted uoon. The decorations commit
tee was directed to erect a stage 40 by 100
feet in sizo on the east side of the river,
and that it should, after its introductory,
be covered aim used as a place of indoor
entertainment.
Burke Knight, Assistant District Attor
ney, was elected chairman of the enter
tainment committee. The executive com
mittee will immediately select suitable
rooms for headquarters and have them
tastefully decorated. A. J. Hinds was ap
pointed chairman of a committee with
power to appoint its member", whose duty
shall be the arranging of an election of a
queen and maids of honor.
A communication from Mrs. M. A. Pil
lot of San Jose asking for flowers for their
carnival decorations for May 6 was re
sponded to by the authorization of a com
mittee to act with a like committee of San
Jose. Santa Cruz will comply with the re
quest and San Jose will reciprocate in
June with flowers from Santa Clara County
for the Santa Cruz carnival.
JFOUK HEALDSBVIHr BELLES.
A Quartet of Beauties Supported for
Carnival Queen.
HEALDSBURG. Cai... April B.—Prepa
rations for the second annual floral festi
val to be held in this city are now taking
definite shape and in tjvo or three weeks a
splendid showing of posies and pretty
girls will be made.
The City Trustees are participating in
the enthusiasm over the coming festival
and have let a contract to have the old
bell tower, which for the past dozen years
nas disgraced the plaza, removed, and in
its place an elegant band stand erected.
In this stand, under the shade of an im
mense canopy of poppies and bluebells,
the Queen of the Fiesta will be yiyen
possession of the town on the opening
day.
Who will be Queen ? That is a question
puzzling the Heald?burgers.
They are not uneasy over the result,
however, for four charming young ladies
are candidates, and the ruler is sure to be
a beauty. To-night Miss Alice Haighs
leads, with the Misses Edna Biddle, Nellie
Petray and Oza Waldron following in the
order named. Mrs. Thilo of Cloverdale
has withdrawn from the contest.
The Veteran Firemen of San Francisco
will attend the carnival in a body, bring
ing the band and engine. This was de
cided at a meeting held last night.
REDWOOD CITT COXCERT.
Han Francisco Talent Aids the Carnival
jH'-THftPm Fund Committee.
REDWOOD CITY, Gal., April The
first event in connection with the Rose
Carnival was the operatic concert at the
Alhambra Theater this evening for the
benefit of the carnival fund. The affair
was under the auspices of Mrs. A. S. Hal
ladie and was largely attended by the
society people of San Mateo County.
The performers were all from San Fran
cisco, where they are •well known in
musical and social circles. They came
here as the private guests of Mrs. Hal
ladie, who contributed tbe proceeas of the
entertainment to the Carnival Association.
The performance included the second
act of "Martha" and a full concert pro
gramme.
Miss Daisy May Cres?y, the talented
young contralto, "met with pronounced
success in her rendition of the zither song
from "Carmen," and Philip Rowe, tne
young tenor, protege of W. ±3. Sharon,
surprised the audience and delighted his
friends by his artistic conception and sing
ing of Flotow"s "An, So Fair."
fcuccesses were also scored by Miss Flor
en<-e Dozer for her "Jewel Song," from
"Marguerite;" by Charles Elliott for his
selection. "Brown .October Ale," from
"Robin Hood," and by A. B. Solomon and
Miss Tressa Brooks for instrumental num
bers.
SAN JOSE'S VOTE.
Mils Meta I t»'«y l.<n<l<t in the Baee by
a Plurality of Six.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April B.— The con
test for queen of the carnival of roses is
attracting more attention as the time for
the balloting to close approaches.
Miss Veva Burrel, who was in the lead
at the count Saturday, has withdrawn.
This leaves Miss Meta Laisy in first place,
with Miss Lottie Upton second and Miss
Lottie Richardson third.
A great many ballots are being held
back, and, as it is rumored several strong
candidates are yet to enter the race, it is
impossible to predict who will be chosen
queen. The vote up to this evening was
as follows:
Miss Meta Laisy .....247
Miss Lottie Upton 341
Miss Lottie Kichardson 331
Miss Ken of Oilroy 311
Miss Helen Ford 271
Miss sue January 261
Miss Virginia McAran 216
Miss Grace Adel 21C
Miss !«a.Hle fox 198
Mtsa Eva stinson 187
Mlhs Inei Gaskill 136
Miss Wllhelmia Murphy 129
M iss Lessie Rainey 127
Miss Nellie North 11l
Miss Mamie Sullivan 87
THAVKB'S n IK Tim 41.
Twelfth Anniversary of the Founding of
"" Town Celebrated.
TRAVER, Cal., April B.— The twelfth
anniversary of the founding of Traver was
celebrated to-day with a hurrah that sur
passed all previous jollifications in the
town. The crowd that assembled to par
take of Traver's hospitality was immense,
the attendance being conservatively esti
mated at 5000. Large delegations from
three counties were present.
The programme was varied and interest
ing and was carried out without a hitch.
The principal feature was a rabbit drive,
which took place in the forenoon. Be
tween 5000 and 6000 bunnies were slaugh
tered. Hon. A. G. Park of Hanford, the
orator of the day, delivered an eloquent
address in the afternoon. Baseball and
football games, bicycle and foot races, etc..
took place during the day. At night the
celebration concluded with a ball.
3IXS. SfEACER ACCUSED.
Sensational Charges Preferred in a Con
test for an Estate.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., April B.— lsabella
Spencer filed a suit this afternoon against
Anna Spencer, the widow of Ambrose H.
Spencer, whom she married in 1882 and
who died in 1895. The complaint states
that at the time of the marriage Spencer
was worth about $100,000, and that he was
old, of poor vitality and weak.
Prior to the marriage the defendant con
certed a scheme to get away from Spencer
all of his property, and her marriage was
to this end. He began to use morphine
and she influenced him to continue the
habit. She was strongminded and soon
had him under her control,
fche caused him to make to her deeds to all
hia property and for some time before he
died he did not have a penny. Spencer
had two children by a former marriage and
the purpose of the defendant was to de
prive his heirs of his estate.
The complainant prays that, on these
grounds, the deeds to the property be set
aside and the defendant compelled to
make an accounting. The heirs' names are
James G. and Eva G. Spencer.
Fire Destroys a Dwelling.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 9.— Fire at
1:15 o'clock this morning, caused by the
upsetting of a lamp, destroyed th« bouse
of M. to. Siglie, 924 Aliso street, and con
tents. The loss is $2000. Mre. Siglie and
her babe were carried out in a half-smoth
ered condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
RIVAL MEETINGS
AT LOS ANGELES
Free Harborites Shout for
San Pedro and the
People.
FIVE THOUSAND ATTEND
Stirring Resolutions Denouncing
McLachlan's Proposition
Are Passed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SESSION.
Huntington Packs a Hall by Running
Excursion Trains From Santa
Monica,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April B.— Public
interest to-night was divided between the
two harbor mass-meetings, the one under
the auspices of the Free Harbor Leaen?,
favoring an appropriation for "San Pedre
or nothing"; the other, indirectly fathered
by the Southern Pacific Company, pre
sumably in the interests of both harbors-
Santa Monica and San Pedro— but, of
course, favoring a larger appropriation for
a deep-sea harbor at Santa Monica, thus
carrying out Collis P. Huntington's
cherished scheme. The free harbor meet
ing, at the east entrance of the courthouse,
attracted the greater crowd, at least 5000
people being present. Ex-Mayor Hazard
presided.
Speeches were made by President Patter
son of the Chamber of Commerce, ex-
Mayor Workman, William A. Harris,
Esq., .Tudd R. Rush, T. E. Gibbon, vice
president of the Terminal Railway, and
E. R. Holman, secretary of the Council of
Labor. The speakers all scored the South
ern Pacific Company and its methods,
their remarks being vociferously ap
plauded by the vast audience. At the
close of the speaking the following resolu
tions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, A telegram has been received in
this city from our Representatives in Cougress
as follows: "Hermann requests me to notify
the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce that if
Los Angeles people will unite upon the schemes
to complete the inside harbor at San Pedro and
construct a deep-sea harbor at Santa Monica,
with a provision to admit all railroads to
Panta Monica over the Southern Pacific track
by paying pro rata cost, to be determined by
the Secretary of War, he believes an appro
priation of $3, 000,000 can be procured this
■ session for said projects. To be effectual im
mediate action must be taken. I leave the
matter with you." And whereas, this is not a
proposal to construct two harbors, but Is in
fact a proposition to abandon San Pedro as a
deep-water harbor and to construct such deep
sea harbor at Santa Monica: now, therefore,
be it
Resolved. That the people of Los Angeles, in
mass-meeting assembled, rejoicing in their
commercial freedom and determined to main
tain it, reject with contempt Mr. Hermann's
proposal as the price of their abandonment of
San Pedro as the site lor the construction of
the deep sea habor- for the southwest coast,
and they repudiate and disclaim any desire
upon their part for the construction of a har
bor at public expense at Santa Monica, for the-
benefit of the Southern Pacific Company of
Kentucky, a foreign corporation, or C. P.
Huntington.
Resolved further. That the attention of Con
gress is called to the fact that no public re
quest has ever been made by any authorized
representative of this people for any other
harbor than that which has been thrice unani
mously favored by unpurchasable officers of
the Government, acting in their official capa
city, and after exhaustive and scientific com
parison of its claims with thoce of the rival
site at Santa Monica, recommended and urged
only by the private employes of the selfish and
greedy corporation whose grasp upon the
ocean front of our sister city of Oakland has
blighted its fair commercial prospects and has
supplied to the people ot the southern por
tion of the State an object lesson which causes
them to cling with a resolute hand to the com
mercial freedom which is now theirs.
It is a startling fact, and one that calls for
investigation, that a committee ot Congress
can be found which, disregarding all prece
dent and against the expressed opinion of the
Government's own experts and in the absence
of any request by the portion of the public
most concerned, takes it upon itself to say that
unless the people of this district unite upon a
scheme whereby they shall accept a small and
inadequate appropriation for an inner harbor
at the place (elected for a deep sea harbor of
refuge and permit a great appropriation to be
made for the construction of such deep sea
harbor at the officially condemned site of a
private corporation, a few miles distant, then
as a punishment for their contumely they
shall have nothing at all.
Resolved, That, as our reply to this humiliat
ing and insulting proposal, we now call upon
the Senators from California, when the House
bill shall reach the Senate, to use every en
deavor to have the same so amended as to
make the full appropriation for the constrnc
tion of the complete inner and outer Imrbors
at San Pedro, the Government's and the
people's site, the necessity for which has been
admitted by the original action of the House
committee, and Mr. Huntington's zealous
friends are thereby estopped so deny.
Resolved, furth er, that in case this just and
reasonable request is denied, we then request
Senaters White and Perkins to say on our be
half that the free people of Southern California
prefer that the consummation of their hopes
and aspirations for a harbor adequate to our
commerce and free to honest competition
shall be deferred, rather than that we should,
by accepting so humiliating an offer, forfeit
not only our self-respect but at the same time
submit ourselves and our children to the
shameful vassalage under which our brethren
of the north have groaned for a quarter of a
century.
A free harbor for a free people at San Pedro
or none at all.
A vote of thanks to the San Francisco
Call and Examiner and the Los Angeles
Times-Herald and Record, for their fair
treatment of the harbor question and work
in behalf of the people's harbor, was also
passed.
At Illinois Hall some 2000 people crowded
in, and an overflow meeting of about 2000
more was held outside. Great enthusiasm
prevailed, for a large proportion of the
assemblage was made up of excursions
that had been run in from OTnta Monica
and the Caheunga Valley.
Judge S. C. Huboell, one of the wealthy
old citizens of Los Angeles, presided, and
on the platform were ex-Senator L. J.
Rose, J. B. Lansershim, General A. B.
Campbell, H. Z. Osborne, R. M. Widney
and others. Speeches were made by
Messrs. Hubbell, Widney, Campbell and
J. W. Mitchell, the tenor of them being
that Huntington and the Southern Pacific
were "not as black as they were being
painted"; that Santa Monica was the nat
ural site for a harbor for Los Angeles, as
the city was being extended in that di
rection, and the two places would soon be
one. It was charged that the Government
engineers still favored San Pedro, because
they had invested $1,000.000 0f Government
money there and could not admit their
error. These resolutions were submitted
by J. W. Mitchell, and adopted:
Whereas, It has been represented to the
people of Southern California by the Congress
man from this district that it is possible to
secure from this Congress an appropriation of
$392,000 for the inner harbor at San Pedro
and $2,500,000 for the deep-sea harbor at
Santa Monica ; and whereas, the relative
merits of San Pedro and Santa Monica for a
deep-sea harbor are not of sufficient difference
as to justify any antagonism, thereby jeopard
ising the great benefits that would accrue to
the merchants, laborers and all classes of our
people by these large Federal appropriations;
and whereas, we believe the construction of a
deep-sea harbor et Santa Monica will make
Los Angeles practically a seaport city and at
tract the commerce of the world to a greater
extent than any other point on the southern
coast; and whereas, there is no more proba
bility of a railroad monopoly at one place than
another; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, residents and citizens of
the city and county of Los Angeles, in mass
meeting assembled in Los Angeles this Bth day
of April, 1890, unqualifiedly indorse the prop
osition of two appropriations as proposed, and
urge our Congressmen, and particularly our
representative, in the United States Senate at
this time, to use all means in their powerto se
cure the douDle appropriation for San Pedro and
Santa Monica, assiiring them that in so doing
they will have the indorsement of the people
of this section of the State.
Resolved further. That the chairman of this
meeting is hereby authorized to appoint a
committee of fifteen to take such action as may
be deemed expedient to further the views cou
tained in these resolutions.
A misapprehension has existed as to the
attitude of the Chamber of Commerce
toward the harbor question. At a meeting
of the directors this afternoon, President
Patterson said a communication had been
received from Judge "Widney and others
asking that a special meeting of the cham
ber be called to act upon the harbor ques
tion on April 8, but that the meeting coujd
not be held on that date, on account of
certain requirements. He stated that when
it had been made known to the signers of
the call that ihe meeting could not be held
on April 8, they asked that, the matter be
dropped entirely, which would naturally
be the case unless the question was re
newed from that or some other source.
Director Forman offered the following
resolution, which was unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, The members of this chamber
have heretofore by th,eir votes declared their
views as to the harbor question, which views
so expressed are now on file in Washington;
and wherea6, we are confident In the faithful
ness and wisdom of our Senators and Repre
sentatives in Congress; therefore,
Resolved, That It is the sense of this board
that no further action for the chamber at thi6
time with reference to the harbor question
seems necessary or desirable.
The chamber by this and its former
action stands committed to San Pedro.
A C HIT; If JJV LITIGATIOX.
Annie Jteger'* Future is in the Handt
of a Cotirt of Equity.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April B.— Annie
Reger, the 14-year-old daughter of Mrs.
Cusick of Seattle, was in court this morn
ing before Judge Clarke in the matter of
her petition to have George A. Hendricks
appointed her guardian.
The girl's mother was in court. She !
stated that she entered the service of Mr. !
and Mrs. Hend ricks as a domestic in i
Minnesota and remained with them nine
: years. They removed to Tacoma, Wash., I
! where Mr. Hendricks opened a restaurant. '
When she entered the Hendricks' employ
her child was a baby.
The girl remained with them to the
! present time, though the mother had never j
! yielded control ot the girl. She denied I
■ that she had aver given the child to Hen
-1 dricks to adopt.
These statements were controverted by '
; Mr. and Mrs. Hendnckß, who said that ;
the mother had since married a cook in !
| Tacuma and wanted the girl's services, j
i The girl went on to the stand and said ',
\ that she did not want to go to her mother,
Mid intimated that if she was given over to '
i her she would find v wav to get away from
i her.
The Hend rickses are very wealthy, and if
they keep the child she will be assured a
life of .luxury. The mother is a domestic. !
TROOPS SENT TO ILWACO
Trouble Between Washington
and Oregon Fishermen Is
Threatened.
Those North of the Columbia Attempt
to Prevent tbe Use of Salmcn
Traps.
SEATTLE, Wash., April B.— Governor
McGraw this afternoon ordered out a por
tion of the State militia because of the
rioting and threatened serious trouble be
tween Washington and Oregon fishermen
at Ilwaco, on the Columbia River. He
did so at the request of the Sheriff and the
Prosecuting Attorney of Pacific County.
It appears that on Adhl 3 about 150
Astoria fishermen, armed with revolvers,
hatciiets and clubs, crossed over to the
Washington side and made a vicious at
tack upon the fishermen of this State be
cause the Ilwacoans presisted in salmon
trap fishing. A number of men were more
or less seriously injured.
The Oregon fishermen, owing to the
condition of the river on that side, cannot
successfully trap salmon, and it seems
that they sought to intimidate and pre
vent the Washington fishermen from en
gaging in this line of fishing.
The militia force ordered out consists of
forty men under the command of Colonel
Green, selected from Companies B, D and
Eof this city. They will leave h^re to
morrow at noon via the Northern Pacific.
Governor McGraw said his instructions
were for the militia to assist the civil
civil authorities of Pacific County in pre
serving ordar and resisting the attacks of
belligerent Oregon fishermen.
He was of the opinion that there would
be no bloodshed, but declared that he
would furnish the fishermen of this State
protection from further attacks and out
rages from the mob that crossed the Co
lumbia River from Oregon on the 3d inst.
The trouble, he believed, grew out of tne
fact that the fishermen of this State were
underselling the Oregonians.
Columbia ftiver Strike.
ASTORIA, Or., April B.— A mass-meet
ing of trapmen, seiners and gillnetters.
representing the men who catch ali the
salmon on the Columbia River, to-day de
cided to insist upon receiving 5 cents per
pound for raw fish from the cannervmen
when the season opens, on April 10. On
that date they will start fishing and offer
their catch to the cannerymen at the price
fixed. If the price is refused, as much as
is possible will be snipped East in cold
storape and the balance thrown back into
the river. Each week they will offer to
deliver fish at ]/± cent advance until the
price asked is 6 cents. Then they will
carry out arrangements to pack salmon
themselves, unless the canners come to
terms.
Several canners are already weakening
on their combined offer to pay only 4 cents
per pound. Fishermen and "fishmen
were never so plentiful before, 'ihe men
are well organized and prepared for the
struggle sure to come. The canners are
equally confident of winning.
CAPAY VALLEY'S
BOY ASSASSINS
Two Youths Attempt to Kill
an Inoffensive Old
Man.
HE IS BADLY WOUNDED
A Charge of Fine Shot Takes
Effect in the Victim's
Face and Head.
KINDNESS POORLY BEPAID.
Had Given the Lads a Dinner and In
Return They Fire Upon
Him.
WOODLAND.CaI., April B.— A dastardly
attempt to assassinate B. L. Maxwell, an
inoffensive old man. was made this fore
noon in Capay Valley. According to the
old man's story, suspicion points to two
boys named Stevens. The weapon used
was a shotgun, and at least twenty-five No.
4 shot took effect in the right side ot Max
well's face and head. He was removed to
the infirmary, and to-night is being treated
by County Physician Kier.
Maxwell's injuries are extremely pain
ful, and his attempts at conversation were
attended by great effort. To a Call cor
respondent he said: "Two boys named
Stevens came up to my cabin, and I gave
them dinner. They told me their step
father had gone to Capay with a Joaa of
wood. After dinner I invited them to go
down to the clearing, where I was work
ing. I resumed work and paid little atten
tion to their movements. About half-past
10 o'clock there was a sharp report, and I
felt a stinging sensation on tue side of the
head. The blow staggered but did not
knock me down. I looked around and
only one boy, the smallest one, was in
sight, and he was running away. He
stopped and came back to me.
"The younger boy denied that hisbrother
fired the shot, but I am positive that ha
dia. In fact a friend of mine caught tbe
older lad in the act of reloading the gun
shortly after the shooting. I can assign
no reason for the deed. I have no enemies
that I know of."
The Stevens brothers are still at large.
They are step-sons of A. McMillan of Capay
Valley. A short time ago a rifle was stolen
from a neighboring farmer and the theft
was traced to the Stevens boys, who ac
knowledged the crime and in returning
the rifle avoided arrest. The oldest one of
the brothers has not yet attained his ma
jority.
BITTEX BY A TARAMTVL.A.
yarrow Escape of a Woodland Woman.
from Death.
WOODLAND, Cal.. April B.— Mrs. J. H.
Leland of this city had a narrow escape
from death Jast night. While picking
weeds out of blue?rass< on a lawn she was
struck near the knuckle joint of the index
linger of the right hand by a tarantula.
Her husband killed the spider, which was
one of the largest and most venomous of
its kind. Dr. Kier was summoned, but be
fore hi* arrival Mrs. Leland, assisted by
her neighbors who hurried to her assist
ance, took necessary precaution to mini
mize the absorption of the poison by her
system. A handkerchief was knotted
tightly about her wrist and whisky was
applied to the wound and also taken inter
nally. In consequence of these prompt
precautions the swelling was not very
serious. Mrs. Leland was fast recovering
to-day.
WOODZAXIt CRUSADE FAILS.
Supervisors Will Xot Order an Election
on the Saloon Qumtion.
WOODLAND, Cal., April B.— The Yolo
County Board of Supervisors by a unani
mous vote this forenoon defeated the peti
tion signed by 50 per cent of the voters
calling for a vote upon the saloon ques
tion, to be submitted at the next general
election. The petition was filed with the
clerk of the board on January 3 last, but
definite action was deferred" until to
day.
Possibly no local question of importance
has ever been looked forward to with as
much interest by all classes. The temper
ance people crowded the assembly rooms
of the Supervisors, and were represented
by able counsel.
BRAWNY STANFORD MEN
Track Athletes Confident of a
Good Showing Against
Berkeley.
Thirty-Five Caniidatss for the Palo
Alto Team Selected by Cap-
ta n Toombs.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
8. — The trackmen's benefit fund is grow
ing rapidly, and the athletes are jubilant.
A professional rubber from San Francisco
has already been imported, the track has
been placed in condition and there is a
revival of interest in field sports here. In
all probability a training table will be
started, and for the next three weeks the
athletes will live on the best that the land
produces. Captain Toombs and Track
Manager Brown have sent a list of thirty
five names to Captain Merwinof Berkeley,
as the list from which Stanford will select
her team. Hardly more than half of them
will go up against Berkeley. Some of the
men are "going stale" from too much
training, but a few days of rest will
put them into fine shape.
In the sprints are Bernhard '96, Brun
ton '99, "VVooten '99, Toombs '96 and Hol-
Drook '97, all of whom are doing under 11
seconds.
The weight men are Fickert '98, Wilbur
'99, Hazzard '96 and Fisher '98. The latter
is a new man and is making good marks
with the 16-pound shot.
Stanford is handicapped by lack of good
seconds and thirds. In certain events hot
more than two Stanford men will enter,
but Captain Toombs is confident that
Stanford will make a better showing than
has heretofore been made against Berke
ley.
Professor Griffen of the German depart
ment will leave the university to-morrow
for the East and will not return this
semester. He has just received news of
the death of his mother.
On May 9 Professor Powers will address
the Woman's Congress of the Pacific Coast
on "How Far Is Woman Adapted and
Adaptable to Political Functions?" He
intends to discuss from a new standpoint
the advisability of universal suffrage.
ON A THESAO BAM H.
«' White Bat » MeCarty'M Hone* Will Xo
longer Go Hungry.
/FRESNO, Cal., April B.— The deplorable
cruelty which Rancher ;J. M. Canty of
Modesto permitted to decimate a large
band of blooded horses belonging to
'! White Hat" McCarty is about to have a
noteworthy and happy ending. The re
maining portion of this string of registered
brood mares is on its way to a splendid
farm about eleven miles west of this city,
where 640 acres of a farm have been pre
pared for their reception. The stock passes
into the hands of" Arthur R. Brixgs for
Thomas Brown of the Bank of California.
There are from 70 to 100 Dexter-Prince
colts in the band of 240. The ranch is
beine fenced off into corrals for use in
brood farming. One hundred and sixty
acres of the farm are already in alfalfa, 160
more have been checked for alfalfa and the
rest is in grain, and is finely adapted for
the purpose. This will be good news for
horsemen all over the country, for the
stock under consideration is noted alike
for trotting and running.
COALIA'GA OIL FIELTM.
One Well Producing fort,/ Barrel* of
Petroltum Dally.
FRESNO, Cal., April B.— A Call corre
spondent received a telephone message to
day from Captain Frank Barrett of Selma,
manager and superintendent of the San
Joaquin Valley Oil and Supply Company, I
saying that well No. 2 in the "Coalinga oil
fields, recently described in The Call, has
been producing forty burrels of crude
petroleum daily since last Monday. This
seems to prove the existence of oil in pay
ing quantities in this district. The depth
of the well was not given in the message
' from Coalinga, but it is probably about 600 !
feet.
PORTLAND'S CONVENTION.
Ellis of Hoppner Nominated for
Congress by Second District
Republicans.
Delegate? to the St. Louis Conven*
tion Instructed to Vote for
McKinley.
PORTLAND, Ob., A D ril B.— W. R. Ellis
of Heppner was nominated for Congress
irom the Second District at to-night's Re
pulican District Convention, to succeed
nimself. His strongest opponent was M.
A. Moody of The Dalles, who on the third
and final ballot received 53 votes to Ellis'
62. The result of the balloting was re
ceived with wild cheers.
The National delegates chosen are Wal
lace McCamniant and Charles W. Parnsh,
with Fred W. Henley and Jonathan
Bourne Jr. as alternates, When the result
of the vote for delegates to St. Louis was
announced a resolutions was read and
unanimously adopted favoring William
MeKinley for President. The delegates
were instructed to work for him first, last
and always.
The delegates are both "sound-money"
men, and the alternates are silver adher
ents.
The last work of the convention to-night
was the selection of a Congressional com
mittee, and the Hume-Frank-Minto fac
tion scored a victory against the Simon
combination by electing Judge Charles
Carey committeeman of Multnomah
County. ,
Tne feature of the Second District Re
i publican convention to-day was the fac
! tional fight of the Multnomah delegation.
The first trouble arose over the seating of
delegates in the convention, each side
claiming the legal right to seats. It was
decided by the committee and concurred
in by the convention to allow each faction
' twenty-three votes or half the representa
tion of the county.
The fight between the opposing factions
was exciting and close, and the result is
looked upon as a victory for the anti-
Simonites. The prospects are that there
j will be a red-hot time in the State conven
; tion to-morrow, as there is a disposition
! on the part of the country delegates to re
pudiate the Simon men entirely and seat
Carey delegates to represent Portland and
I Multnomah County.
SANTA CRUZ COURTHOUSE WAR.
Temporary Structure to lie Erected on
the Cooper Tract.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April B.— The
Board of Supervisors this afternoon di
rected Superintendent Beck to have
erected on th 4 land partially occupied by
the new Courthouse and within the gift of
the Cooper estate a temporary wooden
building for the use of the Superior Court.
This was done after an objection had
been made by Contractor McCabe to the
occupancy of any portion of the building
in course of construction until finished.
The board was desirious that judge
Logan should not be thwarted or even de
layed in complying with the terms of the
deed of gift to the county by the Cooper
estate, and ordered this temporary build
ing that he might hold court this week.
McCabe then offered to allow the Judge
to occupy the new building without let or
hindrance, but the board did not rescind
its order for the temporary building, say
ing that McCabe could do as he pleased.
Workmen were immediately employed,
and during the afternoon the foundation
and floor were built. The wall will go up
to-morrow and the place will be ready for
use as a temporary courthouse on Satur
day.
WANTS A. VISALIA FRANCHISE.
Application Made by the San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company.
VISALIA, Cal., April B.— An applica
tion was made to the City Council this
evening on behalf of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
for a franchise to build its line along East
street in Visalia. The application was
referred to a committee of three, consist
ing of Councilmen Levinson, Hyde and
Brown. The Councilmen expressed them
selves as favorable to granting the fran
chise, and it will be acted upon at a meet
ing, to be held on April 22.
Struck a Tacotna Boy.
TACOMA, Wash., April 8. — Albert
Mock appeared before Justice McMurray
to-day and swore out a criminal complaint
against Samuel Collyer, secretary of the
Chamber of Commerce, charging him with
unlawfully and wilfully assaulting and
beating Edwin Nelson, a small boy, whom
he caught playing around the Chamber of
Commerce building.
Hate-Morcroaa Mint) Reopened.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., April 8.-The
Hale <fc Norcross mine reopened this
morning under the management o! James
Cronan. A force of ten men was put on.
A shaft was out of order, and as soon as it
is repaired more men will be put on. No
excitement attended the opening.
Arrives at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Apiil 8. -The Em
press of Japan arrived this evening from
the Orieut. It brings no word of black
plague, and there is no mention in the
Yokohama papers that such thing exists
at any Japanese port.
Reno'* Sew Ituily.
CARSON, Nev.. April B.— The plant of
the Daily Tribune was to-day moved from
this city to Reno, where it will continue
publication as a morning paper under the
same name.
EXPLOSION IN
OGDEN CANYON.
Five Men Are Killed and
as Many More Badly
Injured.
GIANT POWDER IGNITES
Touched Off Prematurely in the
Midst of a Crowd of
Laborers.
HURLED DOWN A MOUNTAIN.
The Bodes of Two of the Victims
Found Two Hundred Yards
Away.
OGDEN, Utah, April 8. — An explosion
of giant powder at station 231 of the Pio
neer Electric pipe line, in Ogden Canyon,
at 6 o'clock this evening, Tesulted in the
death of five men and the injury of live
others. The killed are: D. J. Moran (fore
man), Jeff Ruby, Brig Kirkham, G. Weaver
and Nate Kempton.
The injured are: G. N. Stetson, ana
broken, internal injuries; Nick Leanon,
bruised and cm, internal injuries; A.
Sproul, ribs broken, internal injuries; Alf
Ellingsford, face cut, left I leg broken and
internal injuries, and Sam Hadrield, in
ternal injuries.
The catastrophe occurred about 400 yards
above the first bridge in the canyon, on the
site of a big cut through the point of the
cliffs that rise hundreds of teet from the
river.
Two gangs of men were at work at the
time. Work for the day was about to close,
and final preparations were being hurried.
Foreman D. J. Moran was tamping the
! fuse from which the blast was ignited.
The explosion came like a thunderclap,
and in an instant the side of the mountain
upheaved, and, when the smoke cleared
away, men, rocks, earth and debris had
been hurled down the mountain side.
Foremon Moran, KirKham, Weaver and
Kempton, were instantly killed. Ruby ex
pired while being taken to the hospital in
this city.
The cause of the explosion is supposed
to have been what is known among rock
workers as a "hot hole.'' It is the custom
among contractors to "spring" the rock
■with giant powder before putting in the
blast of black powder. The rock had been
sprung three times to-day.
The "not hole" theory is generally ac
cepted, but others claim the explosion was
the result of tamping the powder with an
iron spoon.
NEW TO-DAY.
Wk ;•-
Growing so fast that we can't
keep up with it; that's our big
Hat Department, , Why not The
same hat you pay at the exclu-
sive hatters $2.00, in our big Hat
Department with an assortment
twice greater than the exclusive
hatters, at
~»-'95c-'~'
Some awfully pretty shades ar-
rived yesterday, in that new hat
as you see in the picture above,
the Tourist; some awfully pretty
colorings in pearls, London
smokes, Creoles and other pretty
shades ; cedar is a new one ;
cream is another ne w one.
Just as good as you pay the
exclusive hatters $2.00 for, in
our big Hat Department at
Ask any one about our 95c hat
and he'll tell you it's a "corker."
{Raphael 's
(incorporated) ,
VJ(6 J&fSCO &O&S,
9, JJ, 13 and IS
J%earny Street*
OOSMOPOLITAKT,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 10'J Fifth st., Saa
Francisco, Cat.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals -sc. Rooms. 60a
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bear! ng the name of the i Co*
mopoUtan Hotel. - WH. fame Y, froprieto&
■ .nrnrtii rarn i wTiTiiwi iJin inrairiffrimMrt a ini-ia n'i ■ii»w-ifc^iii»-ir-<i .jrnTnln^tfTTir?-! ■
34
CAPTURED NEAR
TOWLES STATION
Five Mongols Arrested for
Engaging in Hydraulic
Mining.
RESIST THEIR CAPTORS.
Lively Scrimmage Between the
Culprits and Deputy
Boyd's Posse.
ONE JUMPS INTO A RIVER.
Caught and Handcuffed After Becoming
Exhausted— Officers Employ
Strategy.
SACRAMENTO, Cat... April 9.-Deputy
United Btatea Marshal h. E. Boyd and a
poase from Yuba CitY arrested seven China
men near Tcw.es station, on the American
River, and lodgei them- m the County
D this city, c-.areing' them with a
violation or" the United States debris law,
t Known as tne Camir.etti act. These
. men have been engaged in illicit
mining for mouths past, in
what is known as the Green Valley mine,
and numerous attempts made in the past
by the officials, who were informed of
their mining operation, to capture them
had met with no success.
On this occasion Boyd and his men ap
proached the mine long before daylight.
•• : themselves in two parties, and
secreted themselves in the thick brush ad
jacent to the mine. Presently the China
men came out of their huts, turned on the
water and be^an to work. Boyd saw toat
the first thing necessary was to over
power the man at the monitor, for if the
descent of the officers onto the scene of
operations wvre observed the hoseman
might kill the men in their track* by di
recting tne terrific stream at them. Boyd
ran up behind the Chinaman, unseen by
the others, and downed him. but not with
out a struggle. The Chinaman called
•• for his companions and fought
savagely azainst the placing of handcuffs
on him, which was finally accomplished.
Boyu's | ar:v rushed in and interrupted
the other Chinamen, five in number, and
alter a lively scrimmage managed to make
them a!J prisoners.
One Chinaman was at work on the sluice
r.ear the river when he saw the descent of
the watchman. To escape arrest he
jumped into the river and swam some dis
tance down, but he was overtaken by Un
der Sheriff Britton of Yuba and hand
cuffed.
The men when arrested admitted that
they were the owners of the mine, and the
State Anti-Debris Committe will take i m
mediate steps to secure conviction, the
punishment being $5000 fine and six
months imprisonment. Manager Phillips
of the association will conduct the exam
ination on the part of the United States
District Attorney.
vriLKiys yor appointed.
Gottrnor Budd Wiil >ot Act Before the
Eeturn of Devlin.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April B. —The
published report of the appointment of
James Wiikins to succeed R. T. Devlin as
Prison Commissioner is denied by Gov
ernor Budd, who states that no such ap
pointment ha 3 as yet been made, and. in
fact, will not be made for some time to
come.
•When I can find time to pet at this
matter I shall probably do so." declared
bia Excellency, "but at all even is I shall
ruake no change? in the board during the
absence of EL T. Devlin, that gentleman
_• nt the present time in Washington.
I consider Devlin one of tne most efficient
■r- of toe Board of Prison Directors
the State ever had. and shall not remove
him until 1" can give the matter careful
consideration."
Continuing, the Governor said: "No
matter whom I may appoint as Prison Di
rector, that appointment will not be aimed
at the administration of Warden Hale of
Sani^uentin. Warden Haies administra
tion, so far as I have been able to ascer
tain, has been both able and satisfactory,
and I am sure that Wilkins' anpointment
wouid no: meet witUauy antagonism from
Mr. Hale."'
XUETH ruRK KILLISO.
An Indian Jtexperado Slain by One of
Hi* Iribetmen.
MADERA. Cal.. April B.— James Cham
erlain of North Fork brought the news
to-day of the killing of an Indian near
that place on las: Sunday. The redskin
was named John Jciugg, and he had the
reputation cf oems a bad character. He
had been in numerous tights, in which he
received wounds which it was thought it
would be impossible to recover from, but
Btigg always came out all riehfc He got
the notion that he could not be killed and
prew very daring. He abused the Indians
in tne rancheria and made life disagree
able for them.
About & year ago Bugg got into a
drunken row with another Indian at North
Fork and was stabbed and cut repeatedly.
It was believed that he would die, but in a
few weeks he was around again as utual.
±~ halfbreed boy who brou.nt the news to
North Fork, says that Bugg was killed by
the Indian who cut him in the quarrel a
year ago.
WTOJIISG SETTLERS DIED.
■Government Seeks to Recover Land from
the Union Pacific.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 8.-Suit was
commenced here to-day by the United
States against the receivers of tne Union
Pacific Railway Company and 250 citizens
of Wyoming to effect the cancellation of
Government patents to 000,000 worth of
property held by the defendants. These
patents were issued to the railroad com
pany for lands selected in lieu of lands
claimed by the company to have been
taken up "within its twenty-mile limit
grent after the filing by the" company of
its map of definite location of the line of
its road. The claim of the Government is
that a large area of lieu lands Was selected
by the company for lands to which claims
of settlers hadattached at the time of til
ing this map.
Virginia Citp Suicide.
VIRGINIA CITY, Ney., April B.— Dr.
Joseph Thomas, a well-known dentist,
committed suicide this morning. He
swallowed four ounces cf carbolic acid,
and death resulted immediately. The
cause of the act was worry resulting from
ill health. He was a graduate from the
San Francisco Dental College.
Johmon and the t-'resnoites.
FRESNO, Cal., April B.— The suit of
Evangelist Johnson against live promi
nent citizens here for alleged unlawful
detention was dismissed here to-day at
the instance of plaintiff, who put up" the
costs. It is said mat this suit will be
renewed in the United States District
Court at Los Angeles, where Johnson has
brought suits for libel for $25,000 against
each of the daily newspapers in this city.
rißGiyiA. CUT DAMAGE SUIT.
Saloon-Keeper Ahem Demands Ca
Frotn a Cugtonter Who Stabbed Him.
VIRGINIA CITY. Nev., April B.— Papers
were riled to-day by the attorneys for
Con Ahem, a saloon-keeper, who has com
menced suit against Joseph M. Donelass
to recover damages to the amount of
125,000. Ahem alleges that he received
bodily injury at the hands of Douclass.
Early on t c morning of iCaicfa 13 Doug
lass was drinking in a rear room of the
Crystal saloon. Douglas* ordered drinks,
and when they were "bought he assaulted
Ahem with a ppeket-kuife, the blade of
which was nearly three inches in length.
"Without a moment's warning Douglass
plunged the knife to the handle into
Ahern's thigh near the groin. The fem
eral artery was laid" bare but not severed.
The wound was severe and painful, and
since that time Ahem has moved about
with much difficulty with the aid of a
cane.
Tne suit will cause a sensation on the
Comstock. as both men are well known.
Joseph Douglass, who is alleged to have
none the stabbing, is one of the wealth
iest men in the State, and his business
operations here have extended over a
period eating back to the boom days.
STOCKTON MAN'S PLIGHT
H. E. Barber, the Railroad Man
ager, Suffers a Stroke of
Paralysis.
Overwork Results in the Bursting
of a Blood Vessel in t'ne
Brain.
STOCKTON, Cal., April B.— H. E. Bar
ber, manager of the Alameda and San
Joaquin Valley railroad here, suffered a
stroke of apoplexy this morning, and is
now lying at his home in the city partially
paralyzed. Dr. Fred Clark was summoned
to' attend him, and found that a blood
vessel had broken in the left side of the
brain and that it had affected his whole
right side.
Barber has been working very haid of
late and has been doing much of his work
at night. His physician attributes the
rupture of the blooa vessel in the brain to
the overtaxing of his brain from too much
mental work, and says that it may be some
time before Barber will be well; in fact he
cannot <ay that he will recover from the
paralysis. It has affected the side of his
face and heaJ, extending down the side of
the body and to the lower limbs, so that
he can now walk only with difficulty.
It was largely through the efforts of
Barber that the coal road was induced to
come to this city from Corral Hollow, for
it had been planned to run it to a point
several miies down on the San Joaquin
River when he took hold of the scheme as
right-of-way agent and showed to the
Treadwells and John W. Coleman, since
deceased, that this was the only profitable
point to end the road. For some time past
Barber has been the secretary of the
County Central Committee of the Repub
lican party here, and he did a great deal of
woric during the last gubernatorial cam
paign. When he went into the employ of
the coal road he went to work with such a
vim that his labors nave impaired his
health and caused the stroke of paralysi?
that overcame him this morning. He had
gone to his labors as usual and was in the
office of the road on Hazelton avenue
when taken sick.
Uailuray Stagnates at Ogden.
OGDEN, Utah, April 8. — Cornelius
Vanderbilt and Chauncey Depew, accom
panied by General Superintendent Fill
more of the Southern Pacific, arrived in
Ogden this morning and departed by way
of the Union Pacific for Denver and
Omaha at noon. In an interview Mr.
Depew expressed himse'.f as well pleased
wim the Pacific Coast and especially
San Francisco.
Santa Ana Murderer Convlctrd.
SANTA ANA, Cal., April B.— Gray Gar
rett Southern was found guilty of murder
in the second degree in the Superior Court
this afternoon for the killing of Mariano
Cuero in this city on the night of October
12, 1»:4. The jury was out six hours.
VICTORY FOR HYPNOTISM
Dr. Abrams Was Not Made to
Suffer as a Martyr for
Science.
Miss Rae Alexander Most Pay Him
for Curing Her Fluttering
Little Hand.
Dr. Albert Abrams was flushed with
victory yesterday.
H? had fought a battle for progress and
Lad won, and henceforth a precedent has
been established in the medicai profession
for the use of hypnotism as a curative
agent.
On the 17th of July of last year, Misa
Rae Alexander, a pretty stenographer,
came to the doctor with a lame hand. She
was suffering from writers' cramp, a
species of paralysis of the right hand.
The doctor placed her under hypnotic
influence and suggested to her that she
should consider he had cured her, just as
Pet?r walked upon the water until he
doubted, and then he began to sink. Miss
Alexander never doubted until the doctor
sent in his bill for $$0. Previous to that
distressing and eventful epoch she had
tcld her friends that the doctor had done
wonders for her, and she wrote two letters
to the doctor regarding her improvement.
But the bill of $30 evidently awoke tue
lady from her trance. She tben declared
that the doctor had never haa her under
the spell of his hypnotic eyeglasses, and
that he had not helped her good right
hand a little bit.
The doctor thought it was bad enough
not to have his bill paid, but he couldn't
stand to be made a martyr to science and a
byword for the winds of scorn to whistle
through on the highway, so he sued the
fair Rae in the Justice's" Court for $50 and
coets. .
The case was tried yesterday, and judg
ment was given in favor of the doctor ior
$50 and costs, all that he had asked for.
Two letters written by Miss Alexander
in beautiful Spencerian characters were
introduced in evidence. Shft testified
that she had written both with her right
hand and that one had taken her three
hours to write, with her sister supporting
her arm. and tbe other had occupied
three months of her valuable time.
When she was asked why she had not
■written the letters with herieft hand sne
was confused, but explained that she
wrote the letters with her risht hand for
j the purpose of showing Dr. Abrams that
I he had nut cured her.
Justice Cook did not believe her, and
rendered a judgment in favor of hyp
notism.
Piles, burns and many similar miseries
quickly relieved by Mitchell's Mafic Lotion. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
BLOWING IT AND
BLOWING COLD
Dr. Marc Levingston Re
views Some Fair
Will History.
QUEER CONTRADICTIONS
Charles Fair Would Make Friends
With Those He Lately
Charged With Fraud.
AFFIDAVITS ARE DISREGARDED
A Philadelphia Lawyer Would Go In
sane Trying to Unravel This
Tangle.
Dr. Marc Levingston seems to be finding
no little entertainment in thumbing over
the files of newspapers and legal docu
ments pertaining to the Fair will tangle.
He draws inspiration, he says, from the
last move of Charley Fair in renouncing
the will of the 24th — the will which lately
he wat swearing by.
"Listen to this," said Dr. Levingston
yesterday. Dr. Levingston, by the way,
was the attending physician in the last
illness of James G. Fair. "The son and
daughters of Senator Fair riled a petition
for the probate of the will of the 24th — the
pencil will— and a few days later, on Au
pust 16, 1595, Charles L. Fair personally
tiled an affidavit attacking the gen uine
ness of the earlier will of the 21st, in
which he says, over his signature and
under oath, this:
I donowaniineredeny the genuineness of the
will dated September 21, 1894, and also deny
the due execution of that alleged will, and do
now deny upon my information and belief
that it Is the purported copy ot any will ever
made by James G. Fair, deceased.
"That was less than a year ago, and yet
this was the will that a few weeks ago he
and his attorney and his sisters and their
attorneys were assenting to the probate of.
"To merely glance at the shifting posi
tion of Mr. Fair and his attorneys in this
business, covering a little more than a
year, is most interesting," continued the
doctor.
'Senator Fair died December 28, 1894,
and a few days later the talk of a contest
of the will th'en presented, that of the 21st
of September, began. Charley Fair at
once, and before the arrival of b.is sisters,
spoke of the will as peculiar.
"Talk of contest was at first hesitatingly
done because of the so-called forfeiture
clause, which forbade contest on pain of
disinheritance. On January 17, however,
in court, George Knight, his attorney,
clearly foreshadowed the contest. That
was the day that Knight & Heggartv riled
a petition signed by Charley Fair alleging
that the trustees, Goodfellow, Angus.
Breeffe and Crothers. and Pierson ana
Mitchell, were said to have other papers
purporting to be the last wills of Senator
Fair, and asking that they be required to
produce the same in court.
"A week laterthese gentlemen filed their
reply in the form of an affidavit declaring
that they had not then, and never had,
any such' wills.
"That same afternoon the will that had
been tiled disappeared from tne office of
the County Clerk.
"On February S, 1895, Charley Fair, talk
ing to a reporter concerning his proposed
contest said: 'Whatever I do in this mat
ter I shall do on mv own responsibility
and without any collusion, financial or
otherwise, with my sisters or other heirs.
I will take all the risks.'
"What purported to be copies of the
stolen will were offered by attorneys of
the executors or trustees, and this was op
posed. Mr. Wheeler declared the copy"
offered to &c not a true copy, as m it were
discovered many important discrepancies.
Mr. Heggerty also said the discrepancies
were very important, as they change en
tirely the course of the descent of some of
the bequests, and even raise a serious
doubt as to some of the legacies.
"All this is important." said Mr. Liv
ingston. %> as showing the character of the
will originally contested, and the attitude
of the heirs and their counsel toward it.
And yet after it ail tney were preparing
and are now anxious to iiave this wiil pro
bated.
"In an interview published March 17,
1895, Reuben Lloyd said: 'There is to
be no quibbling or trickery about this pro
ceeding: it is to be a straight contest.
This wili favors the trustees rather than
the children of Senator Fair. Charley
Fair is practically left out. He has every
thing to gain in the content, little to lose.'
"1 ne will of the 24th was brought for
ward on the 18th of March, 1895. In pre
senting it to the court Mr. Lloyd said :
In this matter, shortly afier the death of
Senator Fair reports reach* 1 the ears of his chll«
dren that their father had made & holo
graphic will. These reports were followed up
and in several instances found to come srom
Senator Fair Himself. It was learned that he
had told different persons that he had made a
will. He told them that he had written the
will himseli, and also how he had
disposed of his property. Search was
made for this will, but just where it
had been deposited it was impossible to dis
cover until an accidental remark revealed the
fact to the heirs that it had been left in the
possession of a lady who, I will say, is well,
widely and most favorably known in this
City. This lady was reluctant to have her
name dragged into the case on account of the
notoriety, and naturally shrank from having
her name known, but finally, on the advice of
her counsel that it washer duty to give this
will to the children ol Senator Fair, she gave
it up.
"After describing tbe manner in which
the will had been brought to light Mr.
Lloyd presented it to the court, with this
statement: 'This is a noiographic will,
executed in the presence of two witnesses,
who will be brought into court at the
proper time.'
"He then presented a will signed by C. L.
Fair, Teresa Abie Oelrichs and \ irginia
Fair, and signed also by Knight & Heg
gerty, attorneys for C. L. Fair; Lloy.l &
Wood, attorneys for T. A. Oelrichs and
Virginia Fair, and Garber, Boalt & Bishop
and Wiison & Wilson, as counsel for tbe
petitioner.
"That was the petition Charles L. Fair
has now petitioned tbe court to deny.
"Later on the day of its presentment Mr.
Knight said to a reporter, referring to the
newly discovered will :
" 'Charley Fair was so very positive that
such a will was in existence that we ail
came to believe it. Tue three children
have joined in a petition for the probate
of this will and|they are a unit in their
judgment that it is genuine. The girls
recognize the handwriting and the signa
ture and have no hesitancy in declaring it
to be genuine. We have compared this
will with no end of samples of his hand
writing and the resemblance is through
out. The will bears inherent evidence of
its genuineness, even if tne proof of its ex
ecution and signing were not so over
whelming.
"It rather makes one smile remember
ing this to see Mr. Knight quoted as say*
ing, as he has within the past few days,
'That he never did believe in the pencil
will.' Only a few weeks ago all these peo
ple were united in their renunciation of
this will and in favor of the probate of the
earlier will.
th« history," continued
"Bat to go on
Dr. Levingston. "State Senator Guy C.
Earl proposed an act of the Legislature
under which a will may be tested before
probate. Mr. Earl was the professional
associate and friend of Mr. Wheeler, of
Garber, Boalt 4: Bishop, counsel for the
Fair sisters.
"He is now one of the firm. A suit was
brought under that act to secure posses
sion of the Lick property and under it to
test the validity of tbe trust clause of the
will of the 21st. "In the meantime Charles L.
Fair hied hia contest of that will, declar
ing it to be his belief that that will was
made while Senator Fair was in ill health
and under the undue influence of 'design
ing persons, who conspired and confeder
ated to cause him to make a will by which
they would be benefited. 1
"In his petition for the probate of the
laterwili Mr. Fair said upon hisoath:
Your petitioner avers that each and every
alleged part of the will of September 21 was
and were "procured to be made by and was
and were and is and are the direct result ot
undue influence exerted upon and over tbe
said James Graham Fair."
'•He further averred as follows:
But at the time of making the alleged will
the deceased was ill and weftUened in body and
mind and "susceptible to prejudice iud to the
influence and artifices of designing persons
and particularly to the influences and artifices
of those who possessed his trust and confi
dence; that for a long time prior to the making
of and execution of said alleged last will and
testament divers designing persons who
possessed the trust and confidence of
said deceased had the desire and
intent to influence and induce aforesaid James
Graham Fair, deceased, to mate a last will and
testament in such form that the estate of said
James Graham Fair, deceased, should, after
his death, be placed in trust for a very long
period of time, and that the provisions of said
will should be so arranged that very large
profits, remunerations and benefits "should
accrue therefrom and thereunder to them."
"He then alleges briefly that 'said par
ties combined, conspired and confederated
together' for the purpose of causing this
will to be made and for the purpose of
prejudicing James G. Kair against his
children, and that they persuaded him to
believe that the children had no affection
The Lute William S. Cull of Hay wards, Who Crossed the Plains in 1849.
[From a photograph.]
for him and were anxiously waiting for
him to die, and that all of these state
ments were false "and known to be false
by the said conspirators.'
"That petitionJCharles Fair withdrew a
few weeks ago to maice room for the pro
bate of the very will that he characterized
in these terms.
"On Monday, March 11, VBB6, Mr. Charley
Fair said to a reporter : 'I have always had
an idea that my father left a will written
entirely by himself and tnat is still my
idea. What surprised me most was ihat
any will should have come from t'.-e office
of Pierson it Mitchell. 1 know that my
father hated Mitchell and Mitchell nated
him. Mitchell used to be up in Virginia.
" 'Why be hated my father so that I have
been told that he would take a case against
him just to cause him annoyance without
any hooe of reward or fee of any sort.
Now, how it happened that the will came
from that office is more than I know. * * *
He might have made a will just like that
and showed it to them (meaning Anens
and Breese), and then, chuckling to him
self, "Now, you beggars, I can swear at you
and raise Cain, and you will never say a
word, but work the harder." Tten
he would go off somewhere and make a
new will leaving them out. Oh. that Would
be my father to the life. Tom Rooney
said (he's my uncle, my mother' 3 brother)
that my father could play such a trick;
that would be just like him. He was a
very shrewd man.'
"How is Charley Fair to reconcile all
these sayings to agree with the position in
which ne nas seen fit to place himselt
within the last few days?"
REPUBLICAN PRIMARIES
Election Officers and Polling
Places Will Be Selected
To-Night.
The Rump Kelly-Maboney Primary
in the Foarth Will Precede
the Regular One.
To-night the majority of the election
officers and polling places for the Republi
can primary election, on Wednesday, the
15th inst., will be selected.
The .County Committee will meet at
Scottish Hall in regular session, but it is
not likely that any business of importance
will come before it The committee will
at once divide into committees represent
ing the Fourth and Fifth Congressional
committees, and at these respective meet
ings the committee will present lists of
election officers and polling places for ap
proval by the committees.
As the County Committeemen have gen
erally consulted with the Republican
clubs and Republican leaders in their dis
tricts the appointments will be represen
tative of the best Republican elements of
the districts ana will be generally satisfac
tory. In many of the districts clubs have
already nominated delegates. In a num
ber of districts rival tickets will be in the
field, but as every precaution has been
taken to secure an untrammeled expres
sion of the will of the voters and an honest
count of the votes, the results will be ac
cepted without question or trouble.
The healthy interest that is being shown
more end more every day in all the dis
tricts promises an unusually heavy vote
at the primary.
Martin Kel !y and Jerry Mahoney remain
in the field and will carry out their
"rump" primary. Their fraudulent Con
gressional committee for the Fourth Dis
trict met last night in the Flood building
and called a primary for Tuesday, April
14, the aay before the regular primary.
The audience came in a body with Martin
Kelly, who brought up fifteen or twenty
fellows to give an appearance of life. The
committee was in . session five minutes,
and its proceedings consisted of the read
ing of the resolution calling the primary,
its adoption and an adjournment.
SUDDEN CALL OF
WILLIAM CULL
Heart Disease Claims the
Pioneer of Cull
Canyon.
CAME OVER THE PLAINS.
The Old Kentuckian Attended
Strictly to Business and
Died Rich.
OWNED A THOUSAND ACRES.
Fought His Way to Fortune Through
Sixty -Eight Years of Active.
Life.
HAYWARDS, Cal., April B.— William
S. CuJl, perhaps the best known of Ala
meda County pioneers and the owner of
Cull Canyon, died of heart disease last
evening at his residence on Castro street.
In 1849 Mr. Cull crossed the plains and
! took up his a Dcde in this county. He set
! tied at Cull Canyon and named it after
himself, and for forty years it has been
known by no other. Little by little the
rancher added to his acres and stock until
he was recognized us quite a •wealthy man.
He was a typical pioneer — hardy, thrifty
and a gentleman. Alameda County was
a veritable wilderness then and it was oc
casionally necessary to protect the stock
from the raids of Indians and Mexicans.
Cull Canyon was a favored spot and ex
cited particular envy among the settlers,
but Cull was a man who made friends
quicker than enemies and he was always
prosperous.
He was just 20 years of age when he Jeft
his birthplace in Washington County,
Kentucky. He was a rancher then and
ever remained so. True to the blue-grass
instinct, he took particular interest in
stock-raising. He was prominent in his
business, but he was never heard of in
other quarters. Politics never engaged
his attention, and his success where so
many others failed is due to his persistency
ana application to his farm.
Cull Canyon is located between Hay
wards and San Ramon, and the farm of
deceased is over 1000 acres ia extent.
The deceased has been ifl for gome
weeks with heart disease. His death,
however, was not expected, as he was not
an old man and has always been of very
careful and regular habits.
Last night an acute spasm of the heart
< seized him. from which he never rallied.
He leaves a widow and three children— two
daughters and one son. The daughters
; are Mrs. E. Lacy and Mrs. E. Allen. The
deceased was born November 1, 1829, and
, was therefore not 68 years of age.
The funeral services will be held to
morrow at the iiethodi«t Episcopal church
at Hay wards at 1 o'clock. The remains of
the deceased wil; be interred in Lone Tree
•, Cemetery, near Hay wards.
In addition to his large and well-stocfced
: ranch, the deceased pioneer owned a fine
; residence on Castro street, near Haywarda,
and was supposed to be worth $150*000.
ZEIQLER AND GREEN.
They Will Be Matched to Box at the
Olympic Club Tournament.
The directors of the Olympic Club met
last evening, but nothing of any import
ance was transacted. The handball ques
tion was aeain discussed, and after con
siderable argument the directors decided
to postpone definite action. It seems as if
the supporters of the cause are doomed :o
disappointment.
Superintendent Kennedy received a dis
patch from Owen Zeigler of Philadelphia
last evening stating that he would accept
the offer made to him to meet George
Green in a ten-round bout provided the
club would guarantee his expenses. As
Zeigler is the only good man in Green's
class who has sent a favorable answer to the
club, his wish will doubtiess be granted.
Zeigler is the pugilist who met Jack Mc-
Auliffe and the bout was interrupted by
the police when Zeigler was having the
better of the fistic argument. He also
met and fought Everhardt a twenty-five
round go in Boston.
In the Forty-Third.
The Forty-third Assembly District Republi
can Club met at the California Hotel last even
ing and considered the coming primaries.
Among the exercises, political and musical,
were songs by the Afro-American League and
the quartet oi the Woman's State Central Re
publican Club and remarks by a number of
speakers.
A set of resolutions were adopted calling
upon all the business men of the district to at
tend the primaries Wednesday, the 15th inst.,
and be on hand early at the opening of the
polls to prevent their names being voted by
political heelers. The following delegates to
the State convention were nominated: Colonel
C. L. Taylor, L. P. McCarty, General R. H. War
field, Vernon Upton, Captain J. A. Margo, A. S.
Hallidie and \V. E. Henderson.
At the Dunraven estate rent audit the
average allowance of 15 per cent, made by
the Earl of Duuraven to his tenants during
the last ten years, has been converted into
a reduction of reau
NEW TO-DAY. lj£jj3&J~J^ij^~~^~ t
■ ■ - ' r | ■ . 1 *
cinity at same prices deal*
ers bave to pay, saving
wearer one=balt
• jfl great wholesale stock, 50 or
more styles «I$ it wort!) your while
to come and see?
Hlsn^-X#ltt<AtttO <5t ttibolcsak
121=123 Sansome $t iDanufacturcrs
Proprietors Oregon TSlv:' Hsfiß^
dtp Ulooicn mills Jr giM fjlllv
The story of Monarch at the Santa Clara County Hospital.
The doctor at first refused to let him use Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
but finally relented, and it cured him in five weeks.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY HOSPITAL,
£: . m „ „ SAN JOSE, CaL, Feb. 6, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDER— Dear Fir: I received your letter last night, to which I am glad *
answer to let you know that lam Improving very fast. Five weeks ago to-day 1 was helpless it
bed from paralysis. The first week alter 1 began wearing Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt I could
raise myself in bed and sit on the bed. The second week I could get out of bed and sic on i
chair; third week I could walk about twenty feet with two c&nes; fourth week I went ontsidi
down a flight of six steps and walked about i
x^s» "" '^^s. hundred yards and back in again up thos«
/^%S*)7?^v steps without help, and this morning I went
y^«^J*«— < «*c^vi out an<i talked very near a quarter of a mile.
tf^T/Ti^r'y) ' I con walk much farther and faster than 1
lt%ff i'-f'r'w^ did, but Ido not Use to force myselt. I cai
II 11-^4>--i<Lv r now sit at the table and cut my own meat, it
•X^V&^^&r^^- fac: can lio anything now without help. It wai
rS^.Y^ vlk^ ■'*£* : *//jfbtt a blessing to me when I purchased that Belt.
JgyV. I * ■>■ 'Ar<l I shall always be pled to recommend to mj
&^^^^^"^^^ll friends and everybody Dr. Stnder-'s Electric
W hU>jr c si^JE L "~"«?n9P Eelt as the cheapest medicine in the world. 1
J^^^SfO^S^C^ai^^. »ni in the Santa Clara County Hospital, and
' /Ks^ST'ZFvF&f&Zxt when I got the Belt the doctor would not let
if XsY \A^C A• l\ me use it, but I finally coaxed him to let me
(I* || - \^j» V^ !!fl_|} ■ --- • put it on, and it has done wonders for me «inc<
i\S\VJ^sA^~"7/irll/' '•••■■'• then. I will be glad to write to body *ooal
WaCVi -?* i^~" av 6 */' my case. Yours truly, . . . - - , -
V&^A&tJ&// F.A.MOSABCH.
My address Is Gilxoy, Cal.
Pamphlet "Three Classes of Men," with full information
about Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, can be had free by asking.
JSi^INriDIESINr ELECTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO*
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES A.T
LOS AJS'GELES, CAI» I POKTLAXD, OK.
Svi South Birott4way. . . . I 553 WasSjiastoa awe* . •
-i OFFICE or \ ' ! *
t Blackwcll's Durham tobacco company. ::
. . ■ DURHAM, N. C. ; ;
m- Af f Dear Sir:
In 34 8 9 You ar9 entitled to receive ;'■
JL LI Bli^l»^&i PR EE from your wholesale dealer, '■'.
«V n&mm ■ WHITE STAR SOAP with all |
the ■;
|jjffi^a|a»«i4fl Blackwell's Genuine jj
Msi Oil^Bls Burham Smoking ■;
" : -V iObaCCO you buy. One bar !!
fa Fg* 1"^ 19 °* soap Free with each pound, I ',
aft 10 am aii I whether 16 oz., 8 or., 4 oz., or ;;
Bill BlSy^Sa We have notifiejS every whole- >'<
- M . c ea j er j n the! United States ;;
____ a " . that we will supply them v/ith soap ■
rfin^ B Il3^^ to give you FREE. Order a good '•'<
yllKDiill " supply of GENUINE DURHAM at '■'■
II! Ii 11 1 1 1 1 I once, and insist on getting your '.'.
BvVDflvVyß soap. One bar of Sosp FREE* ::
each pound you buy. Soap is ; •
offered for a limited time, so order : ■
to-day. . Yours very truly, ■ : :
N! BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
I TOBACCO COMPANY. . \
♦ »MMM>» If yon hart any difficulty in procuring your >..-.. -.'..' ■ ii
•©•p. cut out this notice and Mad It with '*
v.-..' . your order to your wholesale dealer.
'SfzzSZgZS'fk O NCE A'ORE in hcrmonv £H^ 3 tTiT9T«S^"*a iF^llMf ill 1
sTrrriti&g^SGgS ce^fal cure for sex- i c «U./ll\ll iwi
I IBli^SSoSf " ual weakness and t T s TnE VEEY ti->i u.vt To EXAMINE
i /'V \VCn[/Svv lost vigor known to - 1 - roar eyes and at tnem to .-i*c:ac:es and Eye-
ficSkV^^JVvSW medical fcience 4n i E la s»es with Instruments of hit own invention,
; /C^^O^SfV account of this %tn- who *f superiority ba» no; beea «M,n»;ed. ily gaol
J->5 f5-^J^«2«^Jr d»rf\a f»tavavt«^{« cess has due to nif r:ts of my work.
fering men (s^eaV/recJ'Rafffiy l^ 1 MffA /fGJlft////'// 9 G
fering men (sealea^ /^"^oifSJwSr IfaC h A* tirl i i T 4 fC*
permanenUy restored. FaUure impossible *Ttj?£ if I MS &&&Sr£J/3l
ERi£MEGIOALCO, > BUFFAJ.O,N.Y,' itJwJ^V^SSf^
_ !__!- W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
JiaRS&IAiW WLLCOX COMPOUND opeciaitv-pt-f asks OF men. inclcd-
—^Kj a<M> 'za fflS*?*'^/.*. *««#- o ° lug .ill forms of BUxxJ. ?'«in a:ul Nervous Dis-
IS >^ff«J^ W fr& Bs3u3 X eases. Over 20 «perienc^. Book sent free
£« elillvl 1 ftiiLiJ Patients cured at Home . IVrms reasonable. OtBc«
""' «af6tiiisrpp », ««*.;M»a* r ; Hours. 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Sundays
a. "^-"-^f.,l HIX.ADA..PA. 26!j Kf.-ircy Street. San Frnnd»fo, Cal.
C^jj^ilAiiHQOD RESTOREQS?^;
S T7\ <^" PT MB *5? td t!oa ° f a 'amous French physician "I^.T:?-,!. "f—^'''^eP'escrip.
H1 M V InsomniaJ fains In the BSct.SenoinaJ^m^l^-^ toBtM&ahood «
H / V -/ Constipation. It stops all leases by eT^fr i^,' 8 * c arlcoc *le a; d
■ >-/- >>o^»/ nessof dlscharf^. which Jfno'cberfcif> £ .^..*c U Pre ™»« quiet.
■ BEFORE a NO AFTER &StiSS^^«DTOMSSKSSS2SS£3
■ main strengthens and restores small weak oreaaaT tttt »i^
trotted with
•lv A written guarantee tfvea »nd moner retuxn«! If sS bS£ rtSS? *JSS °g? ra "o°- »00 te attaonl.
:. IiJOOa bos, six for by mall., Send for mx oircilar aid tes^i=Sni° 6CI * P"" 3 * l "' ear
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO.. U7O Market ««et, Saß Francisco. C*l. For «a.by
BROODS' PHAKMACY, 119 Powell twuNO LONGER THE MIGHTY.
Crescendo Barely Beat Sir
Vassar Out Driving in
the Handicap.
LADIES' DAY AT THE RACES.
Close and Exciting Finishes Character
ized the Sport— Joe Terry Was
a Surprise.
The California crack, Crescendo, won the
handicap at Ingleside yesterday; but if his
performance is a true sample of his 1896
form he will cut but a very small figure in
the big events East ttiis year. When the
chestnut crossed the wire winner by half a
length over Sir Yassar, a very ordinary
performer, he did not have a pound in re
serve. The handicap, which was at a mile,
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Sixty-sixth day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter Heeting, iß9s-96. Ingleslde
Track, Wednesday, April 8. 18V6. Weather fine. Track good.
QOI FIRST KACE- Four furlongs; two-year-oids; conditions: allowances; purse $400.
idex. florae and weight. I St. 1/4
969 ':Parthai_ax 101 : 1 |
938 ' Lumina 108 _
922 l'olore 108 _|
969 Modest 98 8 1
Sweet William... .lll 6 1
778 Cyras King Ill' 6
655 Inflammator. 103 left I
;
;
1 1
! 21
34
4 1
61
6
1 2
23
3 3
-2
6
6 ha
1 1
23
36
46
6 10
6
E. Jones
Shields
T. Sloan.
Cochran
Shaw
McHugh ........
Bergen
9-5
7-5
8
4
60
20
20
9-5
9-5
8
4
60
15
60
........
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Burns <6 Waterhouse's br. c, by Imp. Maxlm-Parthenla,
Time. :49.
QQO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds ana up; purse $400.
Index. :
Horse, age, weight.
! % j
[ B ettlng.
Op. el
(951) Kowalsky, 3 98
965 Toano, a 109
961 Tim Murphy, a.. 119
961 Tonino. 3 95
987 Meadow Lark, 4.106
961 san Marco, 3 98
970 Irena. 4.... 1041
1
2
! 3
I 6
, 4
22
3 i.
-J 5
62
7
2h
32
11
41
5 3
31
2 h
1 2
41
5 10
lh
2 2
3 Va I
4 3 |
68 ,
6 10 i
Cochran
Macklin
Shields.'.
C. Slaughter
Bergen
McHugh..
4-5 7-10
8 16-5
I 8 10
! 8 12
30 ." - ? 30
30 50
>'"
i
Started with gate. Won driving. Winner, E. Corrigan's br. c. by Isaac Jluiphy-Derochement.
Time, 1:131.4.
QQO THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purs© 8400.
Horse, age, weight. J St. } Vi
Joe Terry, 3 98' 3 4h
olive. 4 104' 5 7Va
Unity, 3 .'. 99 4 5Va
Paros, 3 98 2 21
IkeL. 4 109 1. 1 2i_
Persens, 3 95 7 6 1
Road Runner, 3. .114 8 8
Hazard, 3 102 6 3h
3 Va
6 2
72
4 h
2 1
lh
8
6h
2 1
31
63
5 1
42
12
7 10
8
2 3
S3
6 2
•*Va
52
lh
7
8
13
2 h
3 Va
4 3
5 h
6 10
74
8
E. Jon?s
Bergen
Cochran.
C. Slaughter
Shaw
Stufflett ;..
Mike Bergen
Macklln
41
3
4
11-5
30
8
20
15
Started with gate. Won easily. Winner, Burns <fe Waterhouse's eh. c, by Flambeau-Teardrop.
Time, 1:29 Li.
O^ 1 FOI'RTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; handicap; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
Jockeys.
(948) Crescendo, 3 113
963 SlrVassar, 3 101
(941)j„.beng_la, 4 114
(978) Service, a 107
(95.) Pepper, 4 105 1
717 Cadmus, 6 100'
1
6
o
.
3
5
1 b
1 8
3 h
44
5 5
6
32
1 4
2Va
4 16
6 10
6
35
1 6
2V'a
4 15
5 15
6
2h
1 4
35
4
5
6
1 V 2
28
3 10
4 1
5 10
6
T. Sloan I
Piggott I
E. Jones
Shields
C0chran ........
I Macklln.
4-5
i 6
1 2
I 10
10
I 30
9-10
11-2
6-2
20
16
80
Slartlnp-cate used. Won driving. Winner, Pueblo stable's eh. c, by Flambeau-Imp. Janet N.
Time, 1 :4is 4 .
QOr; FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles: over six hurdles; four-year-olds and up; handicap:
OC «J . purse f4OO.
ndex. I Horse, age, weight. I Bt.| Std. Vi Va I
967 Esperance, 5 128 1 4 5 4 3 6
(967) Contentment, 5... 136 i 5 I3h 33 12 I
952 Mv Luck. a... 145 1 410 2 4 2 5
967 Bellnn-er.a. 166 3 2Va 1 5 -
955 The Lark. 5 144 '-' 13 * | |
2 10 ;
1 i.j,
S 20
4
25 1 h
l Va' ,2 15
820 310 !
4 4 !
Epperson
T. Murphy...
J. Owens..'...:
Spenee
6
2
2
3-2
4
8-2
10
3
I
v 1. .....|
Cochran ...'.
started with gate. Won driving. Winner, T. A. Tobin's b. g., by Alta-Molher Hubbard. Time,
2:531*. • »'.! at third jump.
OC^C SIXTH RACE— Frve and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; handicap; purse $400.
(976) \V__,Pi_kerto_, 3. 84 1
(945) Belllcoso, 4 119 2
920 Howard. f~ 94 3
967 Kamsin. 3 99 5
948 (ieorge Miller. 6. .119 4
690 Miss Maxim. 3.... 89 6;
9.7 Im. Santa 8e11a,3.102 7
Horse, age, weight.
I :::::-
-i
V. % !
14 12
23 2 3
3 y a 4 Va
6 6
4 1 3h
6 4 54
»
.12 .
23
3h
5 2
4 3
6
1 ns
26
33
•4 _
5 10
6
C. Slaughter....
T. Sloan
Rowan.....
I Betting.
| Op. CI.
4
2
20
8
6-2
20
10
3
2
12
10
4
30
7
!
i
Cochran
E. J0ne5........
! W.Tate
H. Martin
i
I
Starting-gate used. Worl driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's eh. g., by Shannon-Fanoie Lewis.
Time, 1:08. *Martin fell soon after start.
QCT VENTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse
OO i . $400.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
[ ."A
I Str.
I Fin.
I Betting.
I Op. CL
947 Una QueAmo, 3.. 94:
932 Easel, 3 94
966 iHvman, a 11 L
966 Doubtful, 3 96 !
976 Sylvia, 3 94
956 Ottyanna, 5 .109
966 Fleet, 5 113
Sailor Prince, 6... 111 '
: Our Dick, a 11l
4
2
3
1
6
I 7
I 9
8
! 5
2 h
1 3
82
4 i/_
3 1
6 1
7 1
33
1 2
83
6 Va
2 _
7 4
5 1
21.
1 2
8
4 Va
S3
1 h
a v.
31
4 1
5 1
6 1
7 10 |
820 j
Slaughter
E. Jones
Shaw
Cochran..'
T. Sloan
8ergen..........
W. Cole |
H. Martin
3
3
8
! 6
10
1
30
6
11-5
20
10
12
6-5
15
i
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Ferris Hartman's eh. f., by Torso-Little Flush. Time
1:033^. '
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day'« Entries at Ingleside Track.
Jri rif« wbfro the borses have no record at the distance to be run the record! at the next nearest
fllltint m gITM
Abbreviations— F., fa«: Fa., felr; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; maiden three-year-olds.
I Best
Lbs! record.
Name.
Lbs
728 Big Chief.. .... ;
892 Globe
985 Imp. Allen
889 Canvasb-ck ....
I 188 Carnation
Gra«Mosa j
280 Rhat'tia i
Japonica.. ......
1378 Lilly R
Sheriff
923 Rome Harris... .
109
109
109
109 .-.
107
107 ........
107
107
107
112
109
■:.:;:
....
....
-.
....
... '
....
....
;....
....
Niagara stable
Charles Llnd
J. McCullough
R. Terrance
A. B. Sprt-ckels
Hope Glen stk farm'
Elmwood stk farm.
lE. Corrigan
A. Boss :. !
■ William Dixon...:.
M. Green ■ j
Apache- Flora
I Imp. Keene-Pinkey
jEsterltng-Al M eh
Fellowcharm-The Teal
Flambeau-Imp. Amalia
Surinam-Imp. Gertrude
Imp.' Rrutux-Moesta
'Longfellow -Hattte Harris
, Prince of Norfolk-Katie A
Imp. Blackbird 11-Charlt
....
:....
....
....
I—
!•••:
....
:•■:•
!...'.!
SECOND KACE-Six furlongs; selling.
968 Tobey ...'. j
957 I.fnvllle
977 Ida Saver
857 Hazel D ,
(928) 0 - Fletta
976 Gold Bug I
957 Ricardo
283 Don Csesar j
935 Veva
983 Roadßunner...'
973 I'odipa
944 ' Huntsman
987 Doubtful
973 Monterey i
935 The Judce \
824 ]ciaud Hill
. 9*o jVeragua |
■ Name.
103 1:10
106 I:l 5V_
101.1:19
i 90 I:l2V_
106 1:09
109 1:17
106 1:1614
1 106 1:4234 <
; 90 1:02 V.
109 1:18V_
106 1:20
10611:07-
-92 1:19 V.
106 1:13*4
109 1:1
92 1:02 y a
95 56
! .Best I
Lbs record. \
6V_.
*6 f
. 6f
51/2 »
61/ 2 f I
6f
: 6f
1 1 m I
5f !
6f
! 6f
: 6f
6f |
»6f
6f
_ f
41/2 I I
Lba : Tk.j
'100 vT.
103 F..
1 100 H..
94 H..
,106 Fa.
106 Fa.
105 H..
I 95 F..
108 F..
110 H..
101 H..
133 F..
103 H..
103 F..
1108 H..
90 F..
106 F..
W. G. Hlnton j
Mlsto <fe Ruyz I
G. I_ Bell i
E. 8arr0n..;..;..... j
J. M. Buckley I
: J. Hunter. I
S. F. Cappg
i Elmwood stock frm
i J. G. Rogers
I Antrim stable |
A. Berry i
P. Herzog.
H. Ezell
J. O. Bayley
Z. Abrahams
J. G. Brown A Co.. i
Tba Avenue stable. '
Imp. Greenback-Una
Warwick-Shasta
Joe Hooker- O'Nell
George Klnney-Flltaway
; Harry O'Fallan-Fleeta
| Pittsburg- Moille 8
! Wildidle-Blue Bonnet
Imp. Brutus-Bessie
Imp. Greenback-Llllle W
! Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
: Powhatian-Codlga •
Prince of N'orfolk-Haidee
Doubt-Natchtoches
Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
lm. Loyalist-British Queen
Imp. Deceiver-Useful
>lnfax-Partisana
THIRD RACE— HaIf a mile; two-year-olds.
Index. I
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
Tic. I Owner.
.... Oakland stable j
F... A. B. Bpreckela....
— Odell stable.
H.. L. Ezell v .. |
! .... ; Bums_Waterbouse
H . . E. Corrigan . - . .v. . ; . . ;
Kirn wood stk farm. 1
842 Sweet Liberty..! 100 no rec.
875 Geo. Palmer ... 103 :50i,_
772 Kt-d Panther.... \ .8 no red
981 Cyrus Kins 106 ;52
978 Koselle 101 no rec. I
(9«9) sister Adelle-..; 106 :52
981 Inllammator.... 105 no rec. .
975 Viking 102 do rec.
I
V» «n |
Va'ni j
V_ o» j
!
10 2
ib-
i
orso-Santa Rita
cuador- Kittle (iunn
bi-ee Cheers-Etta W
anguish-May D
nap. Cyrus-Bosebud •
:llev-£<i*„irlv
....
103
■ iiey-msieriy " iMJb_J
mp. Brutiis-Arloia
I 1
1.... 1
|....|G. Wright i
FOCRTH RACE-Onemile; handicap.
I •'•'-><
■Mex. Name. Lbs Reco
(972) j sister Mary..... 114 1767
9.2 Logan 105 1:40
(958);StrPlay 103 1:42
983 Olive.. 98 1:28
9<2 'Sam Leake 94 1:29
(971; imp.Mlsßrmml 93 1:44
B'2 ■ Peter the II 90 1:42
I -lest I |
Lbs Record 1 Dlst. ;Lhs|Tk.l Owner. j
771 1:61 V. 1 1-16 102 11.. W. 8.5i_k.......J
105 1:40% lm 119 F. . A. 5hie1d5.....;...
103 1:42i/,;l m 1 -« Fa. G. B. -Morris <_, Co.
98 l:'_BS/4 7f ! 98 F. . E. Corrigan
94 1:293/4 7f 108 Fa. A. B. spreckels....
93 1:44'/ 1 m ; 89 H.. W. 08. Mcionogb
90 I:42V_ , 1 m 1 108 F. . Elmwood sto-k m
limp. Woodlands-Sister
I Voltiguer-Pert t« ■'-.■ >
j Imp. Sir Mortred-Playt;
! Apache- VI
FIFTH RACE-One and a sixteenth miles; selling. . j
-** Name.
974 Nephew i
96H Rosebud..... . !
939 l>uch»_BofMlpts
964 lrix .*;..
95 < Foremost.....
959 1imm.,,,,..,,. I
Name.
i lO9 1:42 . I
108 1:41%
100 1:411/4
106 1:55
102 1:491,4
: 109 1:503/4
| BMC
Lbs I record.
' Dlst.
Hm
1 m
1 m :
lVsn. |
1 7-/6 m |
1.-i.m
Tk.
F...
.
iF... :
■F...1
X...
farm
Annie L
p. Queen
•
teis.....
itaw —mngiirven :
MXTU Race— Six furlongs; selling. " '
Index.'
____ I _■ II Best I
pqcx - name. Lbs record: Dlst. Lbs Tk. i Owner.
i-2;V, M^' Gr<!!0rI1 ] 2 1 10 7 3 6V»f lie f7 Burns -Waterhouse
l oiVu r_ , iSfi_* c * .... 93 1:161/1 6 _ ■ 103 : F.. E. C0rrigan. ........
ill 'Sm;, - J„? l: *B*s 7t j 92 H.. a. B. Spreckels....
95/1 Babe Murphy .. 101 1:133,4 6f 100 X I_ Krell -
077 B;rat_no*er.... 104 1:16^4 6 103 __ O B Morris i* Co"
907 Shield Bearer.. 106 | tt | 9-i_'..j.'. Phi11ip*."....;.. .,
Name.
Day Star-Miss McGregor
Apache-Tricicsev , ■ •
IFcllowchrm-Jerinle Belshw
I Elias Lawrence- PrncsGlenn
St rath mere- Flwerot Meat-
| Imp. Wmner-Mamie Cole
Pedigree.
was the star feature of the card. Crescendo
carrying 113 pounds was a prime favorite,
the public pourine their money into the
books on him at odds of 9 to 10 and 4 to 5.
Lobengula, who was looked upon to put up
a strong argument with 114 pounds in the
saddle, was a well-bactced second choice,
but, injudiciously ridden by Jones, proved
a big disappointment. The race was a
mild surprise party from the jump.
When the barrier was raised Piggott, on
Tom Griffin's colt Sir Vassar, an 8 to 1
chance in the ring, shot out in front and
set a pace that was. indeed, a scorcher.
Turning into the backstretch with a lead
of nearly eight lengths it looked as though
he might makt> a runaway race of it. At
the half Jones, on Lobengula, grew anx
ious and began moving up, with Crescendo
at his side. Turninsr into the stretch Sir
Vassar still had a commanding lead, with
Crescendo lapped on Lobengula. The lat
ter soon had enough, and in a hard and
exciting drive to the wire Sloan finally
caught" the flying but tired leader and
passed the stand three parts of a length in
advance of him in 1:41?4. Lobengula, on
which Jones made his ride too soon, was a
poor third.
The day's sport was one of the best yet
furnished at the new track. It being
"ladies' day" the grand stand was of course
filled with fair race-lovers, many of whom
placed a dollar on an outsider with as non
chalant an air as the veriest veteran. When
it is stated that over 3000 members of the
fair sex passed through the turnstiles, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
popularity of the special day is very much
in evidence.
The racing was notable for the many
close finishes, pointing conclusively to the
fact that "dead ones" are a scarcity at the
new course. Withal, but two favorites
crossed the line in front, though none of
the other winning horses were posted at
very long prices, Joe Terry at 7 to 1 being
the longest priced winning outsider.
The El Priraero stable's Lomina at 8
to 5 had a slight call over Parthamax for
the opening two-year-oid scramble at four
furlongs, but the latter was always in front
and won comfortably by a scant length in
49 seconds.
Edward Corrigan's brown colt Kowalsky
looked about the most likely of the seven
starters in the next event, a six-furlong
run decided under selling conditions, and
the ring held him at the short price of 3
to 5, with Toano next in demand. After
old Tim Murphy had set the pace to the
stretch, the favorite gradually overhauled
Toano, who had assumed the lead, and in
a mild drive beat him a head on the wire.
Cochran rode the winner.
The seven-furlong run ended in the tal
ent being badly routed. Unity was picked
out to do the trick, being backed down
from threes to 2to 1, with Paros a red-hot
second choice at 13 to 5. After Perseus
had taken the lead from Ike L and struck
the stretch in front Jones on Joe Terry, a
7 to 1 chance, came on and won very easily
by three lengths. Olive was second^ a head
before Unity.
The mile and a half hurdle event was
one of the prettiest contests of the day.
But rive started, with Conlentment closing
a 3 to 2 fa^arite in the betting, backed
down from twos. Bellringer and fis
perance were next fancied in the order
named. While leading The Lark fell tak
ing the third jump. The favorite took the
fifth jump in the lead and up to the last
hurdle looked a winner. Esperance, who
had been coming fast now, put in a bid for
the purse and in a gruelling drive won by
a short head. My Luck was a distant
third. The winner was 5 to lin the bet
ting.
The crowd again went astray on the five
and a half furlong handicap. Carrying 119
pounds, Bellicoso was heavily backed at 2
to 1, but in a rare finish was nosed out at
the wire by the second choice, William
Pinkerton, who jumped out in front when
the barrier was lifted, and with his feather
weight of eighty-four pounds in the saddle
was never headed. Howard, backed down
from 20 to 10 to l,was arjoor third. Neither
Kamsin nor George Miller cut much figure
in the running.
Ottyanna once more let the crowd down
hard in the last event, a cheap five-furlong
dash with nine starters. TheCorrigan en
try was made a 6 to 5 favorite and failed
to get inside money. In another exciting
finish Comedian Ferris Hartmans h'lly
Una Que Amo, with 6 to 1 about her in
the betting, passed the judges a head be
fcre Easel, the second choice. Hyman
came fast at the end, finishing a close third.
Track and Paddock Items.
Inflammator, an outsider in the betting,
refused to break when the gate sent the
two-year-olds away and was left.
Orrin Hickok, the veteran reinsman,
will depart for Terre Haute, Ind., next
week with a string of light-harness horses.
Wyoming, who pulled up lame at the
conclusion of his last race, is once more in
good racing form.
Willie Sheridan, well known to a ma
jority of the California racegoers, having
filled various positions in the bookmaking
business, died in this City of heart failure
yesterday morning at 3 o'clook. His
brother was formerly a partner in the rac
ing business with the noted colored trainer,
Albert Cooper.
The next society affair in racing will be
a race for gentlemen riders on Tuesday of
the coming week. The distance is six fur
longs, the condition calling for lisht
welterweights, twenty-eight pounds above
the scale.
The judges called for the bookmakers'
sheets at the conclusion of the hurdle
event. They are evidently puzzled to
know why Bellringer sees fit to balk with
any sort of weight in the saddle, but runs
like a Bourke Cochran with a few pounds
off. Jumping horses and jumping jockeys
always were noted for their wiseness.
As the gate sent the field away in the
short handicap Santa Bella was bumped
into by Howard and had her bridle carried
away. She then stumbled, throwing H.
Martin to the ground. After a rambling
sort of a trip over the course and grounds
the English filly concluded to go to her
stable, and, unheedful of the numerous
stable-boys who tried to stop her, finally
halted in front of her stall.
HE VIOLATED THE RULES
August Hinrichs Jr. Expelled
From the Musicians'
Union.
Charged With Employing Men in His
Orchestra at Less Than
Union Wages.
August Hinrichs Jr., leader of both the
Baldwin and California Theater orchestras,
has been expelled from the Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union for alleged vio
lation of certain sections of the constitu
tion of the organization named. It is
charged that the expelled musician em
ployed certain men at less than the regu
lar price list, that he allowed others to
play in his orchestras without paying
them at all, only giving them the prefer-
ence when extras were required.
Mr. Hinrichs was at his place as leader
of the Baldwin orchestra last night though
the rules of the union prohibit others be
longing to the organization from continu
ing under him. But the union will not en
force its decision at once. It has sirnplv
notified Mr. Bouvier that he must get an
other leader.
Mr. Hinrichs said last night that he did
not intend that his enemies in the Musi
cians' Union should force him out of the
organization.
"I have nothing to say in regard to the
action of certain members of the union in
trying to force me out." said Mr. Hinrichs
"and! propose staying with the union
which I helped to organize ten years ago.
I cannot account for this action of certain
directors of the union, but I will defeat
them. There is no truth in the charges
that they have brought against me.
"Why, I have not discharged two men
in the ten years I have directed the orches
tra of the Baldwin Theater. In fact, I
have never had any trouble with mv men
I always treat them well. They are not
against me, and l will win in the end."
This is all Mr. Hinrichs would say in
regard to the matter. It is quite probable
that Manager Bauvier of the Baldwin will
not remove Hinrichs simply because the
Musicians' Union has taken this stand
against him.
NICHOLAS CLAUSSEN'S TEIAL.
Evidence All In and the Jury Locked
Up for the Ni c ht.
The case of Nicholas Claussen, who
killed his wife in tbeir home on Everett
and Third streets, was given to the jury in
Judge Wallace's court yesterday. The
principal testimony against Claussen was
that he had had a quarrel with his wife
just before the shooting, and that he left
the house at once and went to a Dawn
shop on Fourth street. There he bought a
pistol after beating down the price to $2 50
and he asked the clerk to show him how
to load it and to give him some cartridges
Then he went home and killed his wife
with the pistol he bad just purchased.
The jury was unable to agree by 10
o'clock iast evening and was then locked
up for the night.
Edinburgh has 22,000 cows, while Dublin
comes next with 11,000 and London stands
third with a cow population of 8000.
BY THE SAME CLERGYMAN
Brilliant Nuptials of Miss Siebe
and Frederic J. McWil
liams.
NOTABLE ARMY ENGAGEMENT.
Entertainments in Honor of a Bride.
Living Pictures at the Hager
Theatricals.
The wedding of Miss Millie Siebe, only
daughter of Frederick C. Siebe, and Fred
erick J. McWilliams was solemnized last
evening at 8:30 o'clock at St. Paul's Luth
eran Church on Eddy street, Pastor J. M.
Buehler officiating.
The aged clergyman was more than
MR. AND MRS. FREDERICK J. McWILLUMS (NEE SIEBE).
usually impressive as he read the solemn
service. By the same words in the lons
ago he had united the parents of the
stately bride of last evening. To the pas
tor the bride owed her spiritual training.
He had christened her and confirmed her,
as he did her mother.before her.
The pretty church was crowded to the
doors by a fashionable assemblage, which
testified pleasantly to the high esteem in
which the young couple are held in the
community. On the altar there were
Duchesse roses. Tamarack, delicate and
feathery, twined the altar rails and palms
lined the walls of the vestibule.
At 8:30 o'clock the strains of the wed
ding march announced the arrival of the
bridal party.
From the vestry came the ushers — Dr.
W. F. Dohrman, Emile Kruse, Arthur
Callahan and Fred Houseworth. They
were followed by the bridesmaids— Miss
Freda Siebe, Miss Chrissie Siebe, Misa Hat
tie Hug and Miss Ida Westerfeld. They waited
for the bride at the chancel steps, lining upon
either side of the aisle as she marched up lean
ing on the arm of h«r father and preceded by
her maid of honor, Misa Lillie Snowgr ass. The
groom and his best man, Charles \\. Fay, met
the bride at the altnr.
After the ceremony the bridal party and 125
invited guests were" driven to the Siebe resi
dence, 1119 Bush street, where a reception was
held. Miss Bates and her ass istants had trans
. NEW TO-PAY.
Wh rI A V Y^j
SOME SUITS
HERE
At $8 50, $9. $9 50, $10 and up to
$20 that were never equaled for
! style, quality or price. We have
also made for this season some
! ITEMS r-v Rnval Navy
! New Spring Shapes Derbys, ' yjg==gs>». IIUJ Ul 11 U I J
Fedoras— $2 50. " '^|P^ *T S , .*•-. »•
I Boys' Golf, Eton and Yacht , . wL J - l>i ■ 11'^''
Caps-25c. 50c, 75c. /<>JT RllA !\ APD A
Do you know our 50c Neck- . _A^2T tllllU UUI hU
wear? ■ '.; ■ ■,• - y<^\ P?2 s\tv • ■■•V'.?--.-^.-- - ' :■' ■ w>..tV ..- ■,• :;
French Percale Shirts-n 00, /| VNSV V" > « u f i
$150,5200. /I \/ \ \lllfo
Bike and Golf Hose and ■/ I ■-■, \ ■ 0 111 ID
.Sweaters.' ." - : :'■"'■'. '■ j I .1 J2/ ■■ ■ ' ■ '■■ ' •
Boys' Good Clothes— II Ur^ ' — — :
LA/- I \ $12 TO $25,
>^ />^,,^ I Warranted fast colors, in
I single and double breast-
/ /S\ I ed sacks and also in cut-
/ !J\ F? aways.
y J I \i) loppy
Thp Huh / / f TOP COAm
1 SID 11 LI 111 >4 fl ■ "We are showing ■an ele-
*** v *A^*FVJ ? / gantlineat
/ -$10.00-
I I And from that to $40.
KEARNY & SUTTER UlL"^--
W Oatof-town Orders
Special Attention.
formed the drawing-room, reception-room,
dining hall and corridor into a veritable bower
of flowers. Snowballs shading from pale green
to snow white, Duchesse roses and tamarack
were used to work the transformation. For the
drawing-room there was a canopy composed of
2000 Duchesse roses and it was standing un
der this canopy that the happy couple received
the congratulations of their iriends.
The bride wore an elegant gown of cream
white satin, the jupe made perfectly plain,
with immense covert train. The corsage was
ornamented with a handsome bertha of point
applique that had adorned the bridal gown of
tne bride's mother. The bridal veil was fas
tened to the coiffure with a diamond brooch
and a wreath of lilies of the valley. The bridal
bouquet was composed of Bermuda lilies and
lilies of the valley.
Miss Snowgrass, the maid of honor, wore an
exquisite gown of white satin, the only em- '
bellishment being a fichu of mousseline
duchesse draping the corsage. Her bouquet
was composed of snowballs.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in pink
satin gowns, made exactly like the gown of
the maid of honor, ana they carried bouquets
of Duchesse roses.
Mr. and Mrs. McWilliaxns will leave this
morning for a Southern bridal tour, and on
their return will make their home with Mr.
SieDe at 1119 Bush street.
The bridal presents were unusually elegant
and costly.
Army foiks and society as well are particu
larly interested in the engagement of Miss
Bessie Crabb, daughter of the senior captain of
the Fifth Artillery, stationed at Black Point, to
Lieutenant Gately of the Fifth Artillery, Pre
sidio. The engagement was announced on
Enster Sunday. Miss Crabb is an unusually
handsome blonde, talented and accomplished.
Lieutenant Gately is one of the most popular
of the young army men and is the possessor of
a large independent fortune. He is a native of
Bangor, Maine, and graduated from West Point
last year.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Burke Holladay were the
guests of honor at a little dance given by Mr.
and Mrs. Rounseville Wildman on Tuesday
evening. The table decorations were all in
pink, pink roses being used principally. Cov
ers were laid for eleven. Seated at the table
were Mr. and Mrs. E. Burke Holladay, Mrs. Al
drich, H. Carrington Wilson, Mrs. Lillle Coit,
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Foote, Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Herrin and Mr. and Mrs. Wilman.
Yesteraay afternoon Mrs. Darling gave one
of those delightful luncheons at which she
knows how topresideso well, complimentary to
Mrs. E. Burke Holladay. The table was lavishly
_c= ==5>^ esa— "^g^w^^i
decorated with bride roses. Covers were laid
for eight, and a delicious menu was discussed.
Mrs. Darling's guests were: Mrs. E. B. Holla
day, Mrs. 8. Holladay, Mrs. Jewett, Mrs. M. H.
de Young, Mrs. R. Schwerin and Mrs. Fraser.
The all-absorbing topic of conversation in
social circless continues to be private theatri
cals to De given by Mr. Hageron Monday even
ing at the new Native Sons' Hall. In addition
to the production of the charming comedy, "A
Modern Ananias" by the talented society of
amateurs, there are to be a series of three living
pictures which will precede the comedy. The
pictures are "Summer Moon" after Leighton,
"Reveries" and "La Tosca," after Harbury's
famous painting.
The Performance will begin at 9 o'clock, and
once the curtain is up no one will be permitted
to enter the hell, except during intermissions.
Full dress will be required, and positively no
hats allowed on the floor. Kieht society beaus
will act as ushers, and it is imperative that
cards of admission be presented at the door.
On Taesday afternoon Miss Mamie Thomas
was the hostess at a luncheon given to a num
ber of her young friends at her residence on
Pacific avenue. Covers were laid for fourteen.
Theater parties were as thick as autumn
leaves on Monday evening. At the Columbia
tbero were over twenty, prominent among
which were: Mrs. Lievre ana party of 29; Mrs.
Adelsdorffer's, 12; Mrs. Sylvain'Weill's, 20;
H. E. Huntlngton's, 8; A. J. Bowie's, 12; Mrs.
Willis', 10; L. Bachman's, 12; J. Hirsch's, 14;
G. H. Roos', 8; H. S. Crocker's, 8; W. V.
Bryan's, 6. Among those who had box parties
were: James D. Phelan, T. Cary, Fred Cander,
H. W, Dimond, I. Hecht, M. Ehrman, I.Walter,
A. Kohn, R. J. Wood, S. W. Heller, George
Easton and J. M. Wright. At the California
E. J. Tobey entertained a party of 30 and A.
Kosminsky 18. In all cases the parties were
followed by delightful suppers.
NEW TO-DAY.
MDNYON'S
DYSPEPSIA
CURE
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles, such as rising of food, distress after
eating, shortness of breath, palpitation and
all affections of the heart caused dv indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, bad taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness of : the stomach, headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
of the '■ stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price ,'2sc.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak- men. Price, $1. ■• . .
Ask your druggist for free copy of Mun-
yon's Guide to Health, and treat yourself
at home with harmless remedies that con-
tain positive cures for all diseases.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
Don't Ride
A Cleveland
Bicycle
Unless you're prepared to
catch . the "Cleveland Fe-
ver." It is awfully conta-
gious and absolutely incur-
able — but it's healthy. Did
you ever see a Cleveland
rider who wasn't robust and
happy?
H. A LOZIER & CO.,
304 and 306 McAllister St.
LEAVITT & BILL,
Retail Agents,
303 Lark in St., S. F.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
DR. PIERCES
Igg^l ELECTRIC
fSi^lP BELT
P^pgipP|p IS THE..BEST. i
v: "§£'£' We Have Them
-"Tfi* 1 * I From $5 to $25,
' t&fit&te&ti&l • And Guarantee .
ISPS $15 BELT
H^SR^j^S^aP To be Superior to
*g#MP^ Any O:her Elec-
I " S sY£P^p^ trie Belt In the
i *T«St All the Latest
-.i,f>>£gj\iUi < .» i . Improvements.
«fS-Call or write for
££■ ivpv i» wrTB Free "Pamnhlet No. 2."
BBf^'^v^V^S^^j^dß Buy no Belt till you see
■Kfit^e-^ii&ii— ■ >rDr ' pierce ' s -" Address
IPj^ES^M^' DRS. PIERCE & SON,
J^S^j^^jlX 704 Sacramento St.
C <KJt* (cor - Keftmy), 2d, 3d
' *Si> ." ■ and 4tlj floors, ■
SAN' FRANCISCO.
; KAILHOAP TRATEt; _
SOVTURRN PACIFIC COMPJLSiX^
.' . (PACIFIC «VSTEM.)
Train. I«ut«i nn«l me due to arrive Ml
.•■/: ■:•■■ MAN FK.tM'IM'O. i
leave' — '-Fn'oii March 28, 1896. — ' aiib,ivk
7:O0a Atlantic Express. Ggiien and Kast., 8:45p
i 7sOOa Benicia, Vacaville, Rutcsey, Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:lSr
7xoo a. Martinez, San Ramon, Ntpa, Califl-
"> toga and Santa Rosa QilSr
■iBOa Nilcs, Han Jone, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTiUe, Iteil Bluff : -
- and Sundays excepted Ororille.... Itl.ir
•B»3oAPeter» and Milton ~7:15r
9:0»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45r
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10: 1 .
9:OOa Vallejo.,.. ■.-...... 6:15r
l:OOp Nii-.i, San Jose and Lirermore 8:43 a
•I:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers <»:OOp
fl:3op Port OosU and Way Stations t?:43p
. 4:00p Martinez, San Kanion. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, M Verauo and
Santaßoea. 9ilBj
4:00r Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysrille -
OroTille and Sacramento J10?45a
4:30p Nilos, San Jose, Ijvermore and
5t0ckt0n..;.....;..;...... 7»13p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11»43a
, 9:OOf New Orleans Express, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Santa TSarbara.Los Angeles,
Dealing, El Paso, New Orleans and
Ea5t.................... 10:15 a
StOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlautic Express
for Mojave and East... 1O:1Sa
5:00p Vallejo 11:45 a
6:OOi> European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:43 a
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and Kan Jose 7:45 a
t7:OOp Vallejo .'.... t7:43p
7:00 Oregon ICxprrss, Sacramento, Marys- -
- ville. • Redding, ■ Portland, ; Puget '
. ' Sound and East 10;49a
" Sunset Limited," Fresno, Lob
1 .•"• ; Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
andEat^.. ..:.. 112t4ap
SANTA <;iti:/ IHVIsIOX (yarrow «ange>.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Ezcnnion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations .'....; JB:o3p
S:lsa NeiTitrk.Ceiitervil'.e.Saii.Tose.Felton,
■ ' . Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
• " 5uti0na.;.............. r ..r..; stO>Or
*8:13p Newark. Center* Me, San Jose, New ; . .
v'r.v' ' Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
. " . ■ Santa Cruz ; and ■ Principal -War
Stations 011:20 a
4:lSp Newark, San Jose and Los (Jatos.... 9:30 a
_ COAST 'IU VISION (thiril A Townseml Sts.)
- 6:45 a .San Jose and Way Stations (New ' ■
- Almaden Wednesdays only) l:15p
:Sil3a San* Jo3o, Tres ('inns, Santa Cruz,' '
1 : Pacilic Grove. Paso Robles, : San ■ ■ '
■■■'.■ . Luis Obfspo, Gitadalupo and Prin- ' ■■■
'■-.'-. . cipal Way Stations ......... ...:'« 7tOsp
- 1 O:4Oa San Jose Hint Way Stations. ; .;...:; 5:OOp
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:3Oi>
. *2:30f San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Piuos. 5" ta
■ - ■ -Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and PacTQo
Grove ....;;...:.................. ;. «10:40 a
" "3::iop San Jose and Principal Way Stations ' !»:47a
> •4:30p San Jose and Way Stations ...r.'.'f *8:00 a
3:30p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... .»8:48a
' 0:30r San Jose and Way Stations. .. . . . :.; "■ 6:33
f11:45p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5.. ....... +7:45
' - SAN 'LEANimO A>» IIAYWAKUS LOCAL.
t 4 O:OOA \i> . ■■ ■-:..•--.-•.- , -■,-/ , ( 7jISA
: '8:00 a . - (0:45 a
: iS. ! 2oa ; Melrose, Seminary Park, J?:^*
'"loop Fltchbnrg,SanL« M d >f :Jg £
/3:OQp,K -nd , I i:J,>P
4:00p > ■ ;■■ " IMI 5:43P
- 5:0«p - ' Hiirward*.- . 6:13r
»:30p Haywartt*. 7:45p
. 7:00p , ' . , ' '8:43r
9:00p i Runs through to Niles." ' 10.50 c
ttll:lsp^, ■■fgrom NUes. [ tfi2:OOr
; CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
' •7:15 •.9:00-' 11:00 a.M. +1:00 *2:00 13:00
• -*4:00' .: t!:00 *6:00 p.M. . . :. .:
Fron Foot or Bro»dw»y.— v •. *6:00 8:00
10:00*.M. 12:00 *1:00 : • 12:00 "* *3:00 tl:00
■ «s:Qop.m. ;-•■■". ■-.•''.:■,' . '-- . •■ w - -;
•-;'r A for Morning.  ; -,•■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. - ' . * '■ ' -•' '-■■*'- ■- 1 Saturdays only.
■••: ,'.«■•' t Sundays only. ' HTnesdays only. i<-r .'
'. -■ . ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
NEW TO-DAT.'
. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
Black = Silks!
At lower prices than we have ever
sold similar goods. .
THIS WEEK
We will offer an Immense pur-
chase of Silks at about one-half
the regular price. ;; .•*...;:■"
WE BOUGHT CHEAP
And shall give the benefit to our customers.
, THE PURCHASE COMPRISES 3000 1YARD8
Black Brocaded Silks,
In entirely new and choice designs.
THE PRICE
75 Cents per Yard
SALE OF . •
RIBBONS!
DRESDEN AND SATIN AND
GROS-GRAIN.
No. 22, 3 inches wide, all Silk, Satin g\ g\
and Gros-Crrain Ribbons, in nil '111 A
colors, including black, at /I j
"'." , """"'Per Yard
No. 40, 3% inches wide, all Silk Dres- f%g%
den Ribbons, in latest designs, J|lf%
suitable for dress, millinery, floral ||I|
and decorative purposes, at., wM V
Per Yard
5 inches wide, Fancy Silk Dresden ■ g\
Ribbons, entirely new for milli- all A
nery and neckwear, at 4L|||
Per Yard
These goods will well repay inspection.
JUST OPENED!
NEW VEILINGS.
NEW NECKWEAR.
NEW PARASOLS.
NEW BELTS.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
NEWMAN I LEViNSQN,
135, 137, 129, 131 KearnySt. '
Branch Store 742 and 744 Market St.
y-^. IUITX.ROAD J«ATBU_ '
SMFRMCISCO&PISS
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market B*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12-SBL
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. v. Thiirsdavs-Extra trim
»t 11:30 p. m. SatunUys-iixtra trips at I:sft
ana 11:30 p. m. 11:0 ° AU '' 1:30> 3:3 *
BDNDAYS-7:30. 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30 L
6:00, 6:20 p. it
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAVS-6:15, 7:50. 9:10, 11 10 a let
ari 4 :i S 3 p. 4 S-. 6 and°j;-3?-p^ tUraUy9 - EXtra ' tr^
BTJNDAYS-7:35, 9:66, 11:10 A. it.; 1:40. 3:40,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park i»m«
schedule as above. .«•"«■
San Francisco. £%<% ' s. n Agtg^ "
Week I DA D vi iHaffitott^ Srv- I wnnr""
tiavr. «iv« Destination. ol N week
■HAYS. [ PAYS. DAYS. | DaYS.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:49 am
8:30 9:30 am Petalnma, 6:05 pmi 10:10 am
6:10 PM 5:00 pm ; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm! 6:15 ri|
_ „„ Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 aw
Healdsburg,
Geyservllle, ,>'■!.? -
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm} 6:15 pit
| Pieta, ~~~ . *"
-'«•-■ Hopland & ■
7:30 am 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 ru 8:15 pm
7 :30 am 110:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. .30 pm I
S3OTH |__ I 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm! 5:00 and ' 6:ospm 615 pm
j I Glen KUen.
g;|gp M ls;gBpMh^o P ol.|10;40AM|10:10AH
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. "
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport. * mm
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, noonevtlle. Green-
wood, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport.
Cahto, Willetts, CalpeUa, Porno, Potter Valley. John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points d*.
yond San Rafael at half rates. ■ *T"" S °*
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bulidlnfc
. H.C. WHITING. R.X.RYAX,
- Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Ail I) <Tys^~'^»Bfc'v
Trclns leave from and arrive £\>?K^f^cvyHflK
M Market-Street Ferry. rlgpB&P**WT*S
SANTA FE EXPRtSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chlcag*
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars to*
Denver and St. Louis. -
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From. Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid-Vestibule Train. Daily, with Dining-car*
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. M. daily.
■ The best railway from California to. the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals.in Harvey's dining- or dlalac*
CVS. Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Ticket Offloe-644 Market Street,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
from San Francisco, Commencing March 29, 1898.
' ' WEEKDAYS. :
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *8:0O
*9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. M.: "1:15, 3:.0, 4:15,
5:15. *ti:0O. 0:35 p. M. - .-■■■
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednt*
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
_ •SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley ; and San Rafael-*8 :00, *9:00,
•10:00,11:30 a. M.;**l^3J. »1 :30, *2:15, *4:00,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. M. 1 Extra trip to Sauialitost
11:00 a. M. -
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. •*12530
'■-F. M. does not run to Mill Valley. ■"■ •
p ::, :-^ •.. THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations. .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Gaza-aero and way stations.
'WAiK, suadajti-roiuc Iteyes aaa wsyi(Mloa%
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQB,
Editor and Proprietor.'
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postazo Fre«:
j-»Ily and Sunday Calx, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pk!!y »i.d Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
©ally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. '3.00
rally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail., .65
(■DDday Call, one year, by mall 1.00
U fckXi.v Call, one year, by mall  1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
"ilO Market Street,
San I'raacisco, California.
reJeptone : : Maln-1668
EDITORIAL ROOMS «
fill Clay Street.
rtJ*rnoM ~..y:».... M*m-i874
BRANCH OFFICES:
(SO Monttconiery street, corner Clay, open mam
1:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock."
71S Ijirsia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
tVi'. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
t:.- .. 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission ktreet; open until 9 o'clock.
4 lid 2\laU» street; open until 9 o'clock. - -
OAKLAND OFFICE »
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Books SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New Yark City.
DAVID M. KOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY . APRIL 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Tbe 3-cent fare would be more fair tnan
tbe nickel.
If paintiug the Soudan red can make it
British, Lord Salisbury will do it.
The Valley Railroad report? progress
every day and good progress at that.
"'Tis Greece and living Greece again,"
Is the way we shall have to sing it now.
Spanish victories in Cuba are followed
up by despatches and not with despatch.
In every Alaska gold mine there is sure
to be a freeze-out for the average worker.
Cleveland will take time on his Cuban
message, but he •will not take it by the
forelock.
In lighting for a free harbor Los Angeles
is fighting for the whole State and every
industry in iv
Olney's foreign policy exhausted all of
its vigor in the Venezuelan dash and has
been out of breath ever since.
The Greeks have revived the Olympic
games to provide more prizes for Amer
icans, and we are taking them.
About every other day now we hear that
the Roentgen ray has been used as evi
dence in court for the first time.
In getting Port Arthur Russia will sim
ply get herself into position to get some
thing else before the var is over.
So long as Santa Monica is in the hands
of the monopoly no improvement of the
harbor would imjirove the situation.
We are about to see the end of one
crisis, anyhow. Ex-Consul "Waller is
coming home, and will let France alone.
The death roll of a great battle in the
Cuban war hardly equals that of a mid
dling-size railway accident in this country.
The Italians have decided to abandon
Kassala, and if the British wish it more
than the dervishes they can go and take it.
From the silence that prevails in the
Democratic camp it wonld seem all the
jaws have been locked and the tongues
tied.
Bear in mind that The Weekly Call is
a good thing and that sending it to East
ern friends would be a good way to push
it aiong.
One way to help the good roads move
ment in the interior wuuld be to get the
tramps interested in it under the direction
of a Sheriff.
If Los Angeles expects to have a harbor
that is to be of any use to her she must
have one that is accessible to more thau
one railroad.
There are signs in Washington that the
lunding bill boomers have grown weary of
the job and are eager to lav it aside until
next session.
The municipal elections throughout the
country show that the Republican iidal
vave is still at the Hood. There will be
no ebb this year.
The boodle gang of Chicago local poli
tics has been downed, and a lead has
been given for municipal elections to fol
low all through the year.
It is generally believed in the East that
Harrison has not retired from politics too
far for him to come into sight again if
things should happen to go his way.
By rallying their forces from all part 9of
the Union the singie-taxers may succeed
in carrying little Delaware this year, but
let us hope they won't carry it too far.
Not being able to start a cannery of her
own, Fresno will take one from San Fran
cisco, and, of course, she is welcome to it.
Anything that helps the interior suits ua.
Poems in praise of spring must have
whiskers on them in the East, for the wmd-
Btorms continue to play around that sec
tion as if they found something to enjoy.
If the Senate cannot get the bond deals
investigated it can at least put the Demo
crats on record in opposition to tne in
quiry and that is something in the way of
an expose.
There have been many refunding bills
brought forward, but every one of them
looks less like a plan to recover the money
due the GovernmeiiL than a scheme to
give it away.
The Democrats have it in their power to
make the campaign picturesque, at least,
by putting up a ticket composed of Till
man and Altgeld and running them on
their records ior a platform.
It is a waste of time for Congress to go
to work to enact any new laws for dealing
with the Pacific roads debts. The Thur
liian law, now on the statute-books, is
good enough for all purposes.
The Populists are in as hard way as the
Democrats in getting a candidate for the
presidency. Whenever they find a man
they like they find he has objections to
sacrificing himseif for a whoop up.
The appropriation bill, as it passed the
bouse, makes fair enough provisions for
our rivers; but Los Angeles needs a
harbor, and the entire California delega
tion should make a strong fight for it in
the Senate.
. POSTAL SUBSIDIES.
By a vote of tha Senate on Tuesday the
postolMce bill was amended by an appro
priation of $80,000 as an additional com
pensation to the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany for niail service between San Fran
cisco and Australia. This amendment is
a step forward in a direction that the Gov
ernment can follow mucli farther without
exceeding the limits of a true economy.
The success achieved by Great Britain in
building up her merchant marine by
means of subsidies is a proof of the value
of such grants to shipping, and if we hope
to hold our own on the sea with our rivals
we must follow the example they have set.
The annual subsidies to her ocean ships
Which Great Britain grants under the
form of payment for mail service exceeds
$3,750,000. The other great nations of the
world aJso give large grants of the same
nature to their .shipping ana thus man
age to maintain them in the face of Brit
ish competition. Our Government has
for too long a time neglected to meet the
conditions which have been thus brought
about in the ocean carrying trade, and as
a consequence our merchant marine has
languished while that of our rivals has
rapidly increased.
The need of a more liberal policy in this
regard is particularly felt by the shipping
interests of the States on the Facific Coast.
The Governments of Great Britain, of Can
ada and of Australia have combined to sub
sidize ships of their empire to carry on
the Pacific Ocean trade, and, in the face
of the rivalry thus established, the un
aided ships of our ports could not long
maintain themselves. Mail subsidies are,
therefore, imperatively demanded in tbe
interests of American shipping, Anverican
commerce and American ports. We can
not operate our steamship lines under a
"free-trade" policy so to speak, while those
of England are substantially protected
against competition by heavy bounties in
the form of postal subsidies.
The appropriation voted by the Senate
will in all probability be accepted as an
amendment by the House when the post
office bill is returned to it for concurrence.
It is well understood, of course, that the
present Congress intends to maintain a
strict economy of expenditure to save the
country as much as possible from the evil
effects of the Democratic deficit, but none
the less it is a Republican Congress and in
sympathy with all forms of National de
velopment. The proposed subsidy tends
to exactly that form of development most
needed at this time, and the Senate amend
ment merits, therefore, the prompt accept
ance and concurrence ol the majority of
the House.
NEWS FROM CALIFORNIA.
In the East there is no word that will
more quickly command the attention of
the people than the name of the Golden
State. It is redolent of freedom and
fresh air, fruits, nuts and wine, friendly
windsandgentleshowers. It speaks of rich
mines, big trees, big crops, grand scenery
and great waterfalls, Jt carries with it a
charm that commands for those who speak
of it an ever-attentive audience.
This statement ha 3at this time peculiar
force. Recent progress in railroad build
ing and the demonstration of our re
sources have attracted widespread atten
tion, and men of wealth who have hitherto
looked upon California as being too far
from the financial centers of the East te
warrant their attention have been drawn
hither by reports of resources and oppor
tunities that they could not afford to ig
nore. And they have returned to tell
their associates what tv.revelaiion their
visit brought of climatic advantages, un
paralleled horticultural developments,
rapid growth and evidence of the future
prosperity of those who dwell here.
There are millions of people in the East
who are interested in California and desire
to learn more concerning its climate, its
people, its resources and the opportunities
presented here for profitable investment.
The information most sought for is sel
dom found in books, which are, as a rule,
guidebooks for hotels, resorts and rail
ways or advertisements of some real estate
firm. The practical man wants to know
what beefsteak costs; what the farmer re
ceives for his produce; what it costs to
send it to market ; the advantages offered
educationally, religiously and socially.
Such Knowledee can best be gained by the
careful reading of representative news
papers.
Along these lines The Weekly Call is an
encyclopedia of information. It treats
very largely of the State and its resources,
without neglecting any department that
may contribute to the information of any
member of the household. An entire page
is devoted to agriculture and horticulture
in all their branches. It is not patent
matter furnished by Eastern syndicates,
but is written in view and with a knowl
edge of the conditions which here prevail.
The news of California is given prefer
ence, with news cf the Pacific Coast next
in order, followed by Eastern and foreign
news. News of mines and miners occupies
a page also, and space is given to the fra
ternal world, the household, music, litera
ture and topics of the day, with other fea
tures equally important.
As a paper to send to friends in the
East, The "Weekly Call fills all the re
quirements. It is a weekly letter of more
than usual interest.
SHOETSIGHTED PURCHASERS.
A correspondent of the American Econo
mist, writing from Bradford, England,
shows how both the Bradford manufactur
ers and some American purchasers of Brad
ford products overreached themselves in
their eHorts to make the most out of the
opportunity presented by the Wilson-
Gorman tariff. He says: "When your
American buyers ordered, last summer,
so extensively, our manufacturers accepted
orders for delivery in November and De
cember, when they knew distinctly that
their looms couid not possibly turn out
the quantity of pieces that were ordered.
Bui so as to collar ail the trade possible,
they accepted the orders. Your buyers
have canceled, rather than take the stuff
when the market has passed. But what is
the remedy? In order to prevent Bradford
being 'sold' again, a writer in one of our
town dailies is urging the necessity of
working our looms at uight, as they do in
tne heavy districts round Batley and
Dewsbury, rather than court cancellation
again for non-delivery. He urges Bradford
to 'make the most of the windfall they
have at present. 1 ;>
That ihe temptation to make this exibi
tion of greed was particularly strong may
be inferred from the increase of exports
from Bradford to the United States since
the Democratic tariff went into effect.
This increase for 1895 over 1894 was $20,
--065,61.3. Among the items making up this
amount were: Staff goods, 17,034,290;
worsted coatings, $6,577,675; wool. $1,946,
--705; woolen goods, $2,252,310. The in
crease even in machinery was $78,300.
This, it will be borne in mind, concerns in
crease alone and refers simply to one town
in England.
Of course, the American merchants who
ordered from Bradford manufacturers did
not know that it was a physical impossi
bility for their orders to be filled. All that
concerned them was to get goods as cheaply
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
as possible. It is as strange, however,
that they did not take the precaution to
ascertain the exact situation as that Brad
ford should have exhibited so inexcusable
a greed. The American buyers must have
suffered great inconvenience, if nothing
more. Perhaps the Bradford manufac-
turers depended on the chance of getting
othnr towns to help them out wich tbe im
possible contracts which they made, but
they might have reflected that every other
manufacturer in England was similarly
overcrowded with American orders, stimu
lated by American free trade.
The same correspondent gives the figures
of exports from Bradford to the United
States for the first two months of this
year. The increase for that period over
the same time for the last year was
$78,300, which goes to show that the total
increase for the current year will far sur
pass that of last year, and that the Brad
ford manufacturers have increased their
facilities for meeting the demand. All of
this is being done at the expense of Ameri
can industries. A protective tariff would
stop it. ' ■,-
UNTEIED POSSIBILITIES.
Whether or not there is any truth in the
story that two "tenderfoot" Englishmen
have discovered a wonderfully rich gold
deposit in the Mojave Desert, it is true
that undiscovered gold in incredible quan
tities exists in California and that the old
methods of prospecting have been lacking
in thoroughness and scientific accuracy.
The tale from the Mojave is that the newly
discovered ledge stretches 2500 feet, carries
a vein two feet thick and will run $5000 to
the ton. The only unlikely feature of the
account is that free gold exists on the sur
face and is plainly visible. If so, it is
strange that the deposit had not been
found before.
Now that the Gold Mining Exchange of
San Francisco has been formally opened
we may expect great things under the
stimulus of its encouragement. Its plans
for promoting the industry are wisely de
vised, and great hopes are centered in their
intelligent and disinterested operation.
Not only is great care to bo exercised in
listing mines and preventing the insane
speculation of twenty years aeo, when
fortunes were made and lost in an hour
and incredible wrongs perpetrated, bat the
institution proposes to be an exchange in
the True sense, where owners and invest
ors may come together under the protec
tion of the exchange, and the transfer and
development of new properties be facili
tated.
A branch of the gold-mining industry
that has hardly yet been touched and that
offers wonderful possibilities is that sug
gested by the reported discovery in the
Mojave Desert. It is a familiar fact that
some of the richest deposits in th* State
lie in the waterless regions ot Southern
California, including the Mojave Desert,
Death Valley and the arid stretches of
San Bernardino ana San Diego counties.
Some of these have been worked for years
under the greatest disadvantages and been
profitable. The introduction of water
would increase treir value a hundred fold
and would lead to additional discoveries.
Even prospecting under present condi
tions is carried on only at the serious risk
of life. It is not to be supposed that thor
ough work could be done under such cir-
cumstances.
The Colorado River carries more than
sufficient water, not only po irrigate these
desert lands and transform tbera into
gardens, but also to supply the gold
regions with water. The protit9 to be se
cured from the installation of such irriga
tion systems will be enormous, as no
where else would they so greatly enhance
the value of land. A part of the work
which the Gold Mining Exchange might
undertake would be the promotion of irri
gation schemes In those sections. It is
impossible for Us to appreciate now the
splendid results which would follow the
development of that idea.
OUE OECHAED PROSPECTS.'
General N. P. Chipmau's annual report
on the fruit industry of California has just
! been made t-o the State Board of Trade,
j and it shows a by no means discouracing
I condition of affairs. General Chipman
! predicted in 1891 that within five years our
! shipments of fruit would reach SO.OOO car
loads a year. A3 a matter of fact they
reached 37,1*30 carloads iast year. This is
a strong advance over the 16,105 carloads
shipped in 1890. Our total shipments of
orchard products in 1895, including fruit,
nuts, wine, brandy and vegetables, were
48,871 carloads, bein* a gain of 5346 car
loads over 1894 and 8042 carloads over 1893.
This was in spite of the fact that we sent
out 2353 less carloads of green fruit last
year than the year before, by reason of a
short crop. Dried fruits gained 1007 car
loads, and oranges and lemons 5550 car
loads. The shipments of oranges reached
11.446 carloads and of raisins 4600. With a
full output of all kinds of fruit we could
ship 50,000 carloads, besides 12,000 more of
wine, brandy and vegetables. General
| Chipman estimates that by 1900 we snail
be shipping 75.000 carloads. This will
probably be found too low an estimate.
But profits have not been correspond
ingly large. General Chipman ascribes this
to the hard times. It is true that the
products of California are luxuries and
that in seasons of depression the consump
tion of luxuries is curtailed. It is in the
production and handling of such articles,
however, that the best profits are made
when times are good. The value of this
fact is enhanced by the virtual monopoly
which California could by a protective
tariff be made to enjoy of the products
peculiar to the State. It is a ruinous pol
icy for the Government to encourage with
a low tariff the importation of articles
which California is ready and able to sup
ply to the country. For that reason this
should be the strongest protection State in
the Union. It would be more to the ad
vantage of the country at large to keep the
money at home by fostering the industries
of California than to adopt a low tariff
which depresses the State.
Much of the hard times in this country
that have prevented Eastern consumers
from paying liberal prices for our products
has been due tn the general depression re
sulting from a competition with Europe
created by a low tariff. Thus the matter
is found to act and react with a doubly evil
effect upon California. Of course the repres
sive effect of heavy transportation charges
made possible by the existence of a rail
road monopoly has been a factor in keep
ing down the profits of California produc
ers, but this was not felt so grievously
until Eastern consumers began to econo
mize under the necessities created by the
Wilson tariff. Large profits were enjoyed
when transportation charges were heavier
than at present. A return to better times
under the operation of a protective tariff
would restore the former comfortable state
of things in California.
There is a good chance tnat this Con
gress will give not only a liberal appro
priation for ocean mail service between
this City and Australia but also a large
subsidy for the proposed Hawaiian cable.
Even the Democratic deficit cannot head
off Republican enterprise in the way of
National development.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
W. F. McLaughlin, for a number of years
past United States post trader at Fort Wingate,
wno is also vice-president of the Blue Water Ir
rigation Company at Blue Water, N. M., forty
miles from Fort Wiugate, is at the Palace.
Mr. McLaughlin is tbe nephew of Attorney-
General W. t. Fitagerald. He is here for both
business and pleasure. Mr. McLaughlin, hav
ing been long in New Mexico, is well qualified
to speak for that Territory. He tells things of
interest. What the people desire most is state
hood.
'•I don't know whether we will get it or not."
he said, "but there is one thing sure, and that
is that it would be very desirable for us. We
think it would help us over the country and
bring in a lot of new people.
"Besides this, it would do away with the law
against aliens making certain investments
there. Congress passed a law some time since,
applying to Territories, keeping out foreign
money.
"If we were admitted ns a State the law
would no longer apply, and we could go on
W. F. McLaughlin, Post Trader at Fort Wingate, Who Is Extensively Interested
in Irrigation in New Mexico
[Sketched from life by a "CaW artist.]
and develop our mmf 1 ?, irrigate our lands and
do many other things which are important in
a new country. It would give foreign money
a chance to invest and it would help out the
people in many wuys.
"The company I am in has several thousand
acres of lnnd in and about Blue Water, of
which about 2000 acres are under cultivation.
We produce all kinds of cereal and root crops.
"We have mm:y Navajos where we are, but
they are very jeaceable, giving no one any
trouble.
"The mines throughout the Territory are
showing up bettor than nsual, I think, and
things begin to take on a' thriftier appearance.
T. B. Catron, who succeeded Mr. Joseph as del
egate to Congress, is doing all he can to effect
the admission of the Territory. He is an at
torney of Santa Fe b; profession and an able
man.
"We have elected our Republican delegates
to the National Convention. There are six,
and they were uninstructed and pretty well
divided in sentiment. I rfou't believe any one
man will get all the six, at least not on the
start."
Mr. McLaughlin will be in the City for
week or more.
AFTER THE BLOOMING.
O, little roaehud, with petals red,
As you uod by the garden •.vull
And dewdrops drink,
Do you ever think
Thai some <luy your petals will fall?
Some day your fragrance will all be gone, ,
Your sweetness a thiu*; of the past, , .
For it matters not how
Much prized you are now,
Little rosebuds cannot always last. • -
And O, little maiden, with eyes »6 blue.
As you t-ing and laugh and" are gay.
Does it come to you »
. That some day, too.
Your roses wilt pass away?
But the little rosebud nods on the wall,
Caressed by t he winds so free; • •-,
And tbe blue-eyed pirl
swineiDK in the mad whirl,
Unheeding the song and me.
O, wise li tie roii -bud an I wise little girl,
Why turn to the d irk ere you mus;?
Nod on and laugh on
Till your ploasuns are gone.
Live to-day : For the morrow— trust !
— Womankind.
ALMOST FOUR CENTURIES OLD,
What is very likely the oldest bell on the
American continent has just been brought to
this City from San Salvador by Mrs. Lopez,
whose home at present is at 928 Pine street!
The bell itself is In gooa condition, but the
This Bell Was Cast in 1512.
[From a eketcL)
handle has been broken off and a new clapper
has replaced the original one.
Bronze is the material of which the bell is
made, and in shape it Is much like the bells
now in use. It is highly ornamented with
groups of figures representing scenes from the
crucifixion, so that there is no doubt but that
it was intended and used in the ceremonies of
the Catholic cnurch. Around the top there
are the words, "Ihusns es Minen Naera," and
around the bottom, "la Ben Checoten Ing
Inr, and the astonishing date, 4 1512," in
Roman letters. The workmanship of the bell
is in accordance with the kind of work done at
that time. The bell was evidently modeled in
clay and then cast, as there are places where
the metal appears to have chilled. It is
three and a half inches wide at the mouth and
five inches high.
Nothing is known of the early history of the
bell nor the time when it came to this country.
It is apparently of German origin and as it wus
mndo only twenty years after the discovery of
America there is a strong possibility that it
was used a long time before it was brought
here. It was found nearly a century ago in the
ruins of an old mission in San Salvador and
has been preserved as a relic ever since. A
large quantity of Indian pottery was found at
the same time. It was all buried several feet
beneath the surface of the ground.
There is practically no doubt but that the
bell is as old as the date signified on it, because
the mission where it was found was built so
long ago that there is no record of its exist
ence. It was known to have been a mission by
the number of religious articles found in it and
the general shape of the building. The inside
of the beil, where it was struck by the clapper,
is battered and worn away. When the handle
was bioken off the original clapper was loet
nnd the bell crncked. An iron-naudied one
has bteu soldered in and the crHOk so cleverly
r.-paired that the bell still h&sa very good tone.
The present clapper was put in by an Indian a
few years ago. It is only a piece of iron that
lias been filed to the proper shape and held in
pluce by a plt-cc of brass wire.
PERSONAL.
The Rev. Dr. Wakefield of San Jose is in the
City.
Dr. G. M.i Freeman of Sutter Creek is in the
City.
W. B. Dunn of Oroville is at the Cosmopol
itan.
W. J. Newton of Washington, D. C, is at the
Palace.
A. Martinez of Guatemala arrived here yes
terday.
J. H. Boke, a ranch-owner of Napa County,
is here.
H. A. Jußtro, an attorney of Bakersfield, is in
the City.
Peter Muslo, a merchant of Stockton, is at
the Grand.
C. O. Johnson of San Luis Obispo is at the
Occidental.
J. H. BPke, a real estate dealer of Napa, is
in the City.
Dr. J. W. Stitt of Vac&viUe is in the City for
a brief stay.
Major A. E. Hay of the United States navy
arrived here yesterday.
D. McFaui or Nevada City arrived here last
night and is at the Lick.
J. F. McGreenery of Boston is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
1". H. a business man of Carlisle'
H. Mex., is on a visit here.
J. L. Sperry, proprietor of the Big Trees
Hotel, is at the Occidental.
J. H. Suthoff, a business man of Seattle, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
J. C. Charters, a mining man of Downievllle,
is among the recent arrivals here.
D. Curran, one of the Southern Pacific's depot
men at Sacramento, is at the Ru&s.
W. E. Downs, the mining superintendent of
Sutter Creek, is here for a few days.
George B. Katzenstein, the well-to-do Sacra
mentan, is spending a few days here.
Ira If. Mulholland, a mining man of Inde
pendence, lnyo County, is at the Grand.
J. B. Peakes of Stockton, formerly a hotel
proprietor of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
D. W. Custer and wife and Mrs. O. 8. Cornish,
all of Fort Atkinson, Mo., are at the Grand.
E. M. Leader, a wealthy business man of
Shamokeu, Pa., is here, accompanied by his
wife.
Thomas A. Buell, & wealthy resident of
Woonsocket, is on a visit here, accompanied by
Mrs. Buell.
Allan Tenney, a wealthy gentleman of Provi
dence, R. L, who is traveling for pleasure, is at
the Occidental.
Charles Erickson, the railroad contractor of
the Southern Pacific, came up from San Luis
Obispo yesterday.
H. W. Pattou of Los Angeles, formerly pub
lisner oi a weekly paper and now identified
with politics, is at the Grand.
Mrs. H. Kncx, wife cf Lieutenant-Commander
Knox of the United States navy, is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by her son.
J. A. Hayes, proprietor of the Harbin Springs,
Lake County, is visiting the City for a few
days, and is stopping at the Russ House.
Bishpp Nichols of the Episcopal Church for
California, came up from his home at Saa
Mateo yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. M. Crossman and Mrs. Gracie Pick
ford, delegates to the Degree of Honor Lodge
from Fresno, are guests at the Cosmopolitan.
L. Thornton, the well-known Postmaster and
Justice of the Peace of Tres Pinos, San Benito
County, is visiting the City, being a delegate
10 the Grand Lodge of A. O. U. W.
ICALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April B.— Aboard the out
going Furst Bismarck are: Mrs. L. E. Cantle,
Miss Carrie Callahau, Mr. and Mrs. S. Hart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Peterson and Mr. and Mrs.
Pierre Tinant. L. Hirsch is in town buying.
At the bt. Denis, R. Alexander, Miss Alex
ander ; Grand Union, S. W. Fuller, Mrs. W. T.
Hovely; Sturtevant, R. Williams, Mr. Everett,
H.R. Thorn and wife; Holland, K. Maddox,
Mrs. V. K. Maddox, D. Roth and wife and the
Misses Roth; Marlborougb, Mrs. J. Martin.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Leoncavallo's opera, "Chatterton," has re
ceived its first production at the National
Theater, Rome, where it was welcomed with
ovations by the public, particularly at the end
of the second act. The composer was called
twenty-five times in all before the curtain,
which was sufficient to show approval, even in
Italy. The leading role was taken by Mme.
Gabbi, the Duse of the Italian operatic stage,
who is as great an actress as she is a singer.
"Chatterton" is a work written in the com
poser's first youth, when he was completely
unknown. It has been stated that he lately
rewrote it, but this is incorrect, for Leonca
vallo himself declares: "Judging my work
after some years, I have found nothing to
change in its Conception as far as expression
and sentiment go. The melodies written
under the first inspiration seemed to me the
best, and I have left in the score the freshness
of youth, only correcting the form here and
there and giving more color to the orchestra
tion." The general lines of the libretto are
based on Alfred de Vlgny's "Chatterton,"
which was produced at the Comedie Francaise
in 1835. It was Leoncavallo's desire to dedi
cate "Chatterton" to Queen Marguerita, the
only one of the nousc of Savoy who really
cares for music, but the Queen declined,
though she caused her secretary to explain fo
the composer that her reason for doing so was
solely to protect herself from being deluged
with a flood of other works dedicated to her.
On Sunday last Grace Episcopal Church choir
gave a grand musical festival, which so de
lighted a musical member of the congregation
that he presented a'purse of $400.t0 be divided,
in proportion to the rate of their salaries,
among the members who have sung with the
male choir since it was first started, on the Ist
of last July. The organist and the choir
master, W. H. Holt, will have his month's salary
doubled, so will Messrs. Coffin, McDonald and
Ward, while it is said tnat other members, both
volunteer and protessional, will be remem
bered. The donor's name has been kept a pro
found secret, and now every one is busy
guessing who is musical enough to pay $400
for the improvement in the choir. This anony
mous dilettante is not the only one in Grace
Church congregation who places a good round
Pecuniary value on the improvement in the
music, for after the Easter early choral cele
bration, which was sung by some of the ladies
in the congregation, a Durse, to which Mrs.
Lloyd Tevie, Mrs. Will Crocker and other ladies
hao. contributed, was presented to W. Holt, the
organist. Ii other churches would hold out a
promise of rewarding musical effort in an
equally practical way, it is probable that there
would be startliDg improvements in church
music during the next six months.
A laay composer has succeeded in perform
ing the miracle of causing a Belgian opera to
be received with enthusiasm by the Belgians.
As a rule the musiciil pronhets in King Leo
pold's dominions are without honor till they
have received recognition abroad, but Mile.
Eva Dell Acqua, who is spoken of as "the Bel
gian Chamiuade." has written an opera, "La
Bachejette," which the public recently re
ceived with open arms at the Theater dcs
Galeries-Saint-Hubert, Brussels. Mile. Dell
Acqua was born in Brussels, of Italian parents,
and a poetical correspondent says "her spark
ling and graceful music unites the melancholy
of the fogs of the Senna with the vivacity of
the Neapolitan sun." The lady is already well
known in France and Belgium as a composer
of songs. Now that nearly every week brings
some fresh woman writer of music to the front,
it seems time to introduce a new word into the
language which is more brief and expressive
than "lady composer."
Mmc. Mascagni generally shows her wifely
devotion by fainting when her husband pro
duces a new opera. The Trovatore, which
gives further details of the complete
success of "Zanetto" at Pesaro, gays: '-At the
end of the performance eight curtain-calls
were given to the author, two of which he
shared with his interpreters, Collamarini and
Pizzagalli, and six of which were for himself
alone. Ladies waved their handkerchiefs and
men their hau. and the recalls wouid probably
have gone on much longer if a fainting fit of
Mine. Mascagni's, caused by emotion, had not
decided. the public. to trouble the maestro no
longer." "Zauetto" fthe passer-by) will prob
ably be produced if). London this season, with
Calve in the title role. In this work the boy
lover, Zanetto— a part allotted to a lady, a
mezzo-soprano — pays court on a Florentine
balcony, at the period of the Renaissance, to
the courtesan, Sylvia, who first encourages
himaiid then, telling the astonished lad her
true history, sends him about his business
with a white rose in his breast.
It is finally settled that young Achille Ri
varcle, the youngest of the violinists who vis
ited America this season, is to play hero at the
end of this month. Rivarde was to have come
with the Seidl orchestra, but as that organiza
tion has deterred its visit a local orchestra will
be engaged, and the other soloists will be Aimo
Laehaume and William Keith, the California
barytone. Rivarde is half Spanish and half
French by parentage. He was born on the
ocean between Havre and New York, so that
America is in a sense his country by adoption,
Aohille Rivarde, the Franco-Hyspanian
Violinist Who Will Hay Here on the
27th inst.
though he was taken back to Europe while
still a young child and never crossed the At
lantic again till a few months ago. He has
been claimed as an American, however and
strenuously denied the soft impeachment'
Rivarde (whose name, by the way, Is pro
nounced in three syllables) differs widely in
his school both fiom Marsick and Ondricek.
There is a good deal ot the Spanish dash and
brilliancy of Sarasato in his playing, and he
belongs more to the school of that violinist
than to either the German or the French
schools.
The famous violin -maker, Jacob Plainer
whose instruments are very celebrated and
sought after in the present day, was born at
Absam on July 14, 1621, end died there i:i
1(583. His remains repose in tha modest
cemetery of Absam, facing the church, and his
tomb, which lor two centuries has been ex
posed to wind and weather, is said to hay«
fallen into a deplorable staie of naglect. In
consequence of this fact, a committee has been
formed in the artisan's native town with tn«
object of raising a subscription in order to
erect a modest monument worthy of his
talents and renown. Staieerlfcarned his trade
at Cremona, under the celebrated Nicolas
Amati, whose daughter ho married, and later
he had as apprentices, in his own workshop at
Absam, the three Klots brothers, who have
also left a name in the annals of instrument
making.
The stringent rules just made by the French
Government to regulate paid applause in
State theaters are meeting with a good de«l
of ridicule from the Parisian* press. Le Men*
estrel says: "One can only clap henceforth
with the authorization of the Government
and in the places which It indicates. That
will seem very funny at a future epoch, but
to-day there is really nothing which need
astonish us. At the Opera, M. Sol ha* been
chosen to give the signal for the applause, and
at the Opera Comique a M. Kemy. The
'clappers' will have to wear black dress suit*
and white cravats, but gloves are forbidden,
as they muffle spontaneons manifestations.
There is nothing like an enlightened Ministry
for comprehending things."
The Press Club Quartet, by any other name,
will no doubt sing as sweetly, and henceforth
the organization will be known by another
name. Messrs. Coffin, Tilton, Warde and
Tucker have been bereft of their name on ao
count of a benefit. A short time ago they
decided to hold one for their own personal use
and advantage. It was soon found that the
Press Club quartet benefit was understood by
the majority of the public to mean an enter
tainment the proceeds of which would go to the
Press C»ub. As this was not the case the club
objected, and the members of the aoartet were
given the option of forswearing their name
or abandoning their benefit. They chose the
benefit, and now the Press Club has no quartet.
The opera-house of Buda Pesth is preparing
to celebrate the thousandth anniversary of the
foundation of the Kingdom of Hungary. The
fetes will begin with * revival of the National
opera, "King Etienne," by Franz Erkel; after
ward Goldmark's new work, "The Cricket oh
the Hearth," will b-; performed, "Alar," an
unpublished work by Bela Zichy, and finally
an unpublished opera, "The Rose of the Vil
lage," by Jeno Hubay, the composer of '"The
Violin Maker of Cremona."
Herr Otto Urbach's singspiel, "Der Mueller
yon Sans Souci," which was to have been pro
duced on the German Emperor's birthday, is
to be excluded altogether from the German
stage, there being a recent ordinance, accord
ing to which no member of the Prussian royal
family, past or present, may be brought on tha
stage in Germany without the Emperor's espe
cial permission. The singspiel in question is
based on the well-known anecdote of the mil
ler and Frederick the Great.
It seems as if the London success of the Irish
musical melodrama, '-Shamus O'Brien," had
opened up a new idea to managers and com«
posers, and now one hears of coming operas on
"The Peepo' Day," the "Shaughran," "Handy
Andy" and the rest of the favorite Irish plots.
Mile. Clotilde Kleeberg, who has not been
heard in Vienna in twelve years, recently made
her reappearance and gave several concerts at
the Bosendorfer Hall. She was received with
numerous encores, bouquets, wreaths, ova
tions — everything, in fact, which could show
her to be still a successful artist.
A committee has been formed at Schwerin to
erect a morument to Flotow, the composer of
"Martha."
Ellen Beach Yard, the altitudinous soprano,
will visit California early in June.
LADY'S CAPE.
The prevailing mods in capes Is the rather
short singlecape with flaring collar. This shape
is chosen both for cloth and satin or silk gar
ments.
The former are perfectly plain, with ma
chine stitching around the edges, or are
strapped in various ways with the same goods.
Some have two or three straps down the back.
Others have cloth set on to form points.
Satin capes of black are fancifully trimmed
with ruffles of black chiffon and white, cream
or ecru lace. One had a flounce of chiffon hall
its length gathered into the neck. On this was
a ruffle of white lace two inches narrower, and
over this again a ruffle of chiffon two inches
narrower than the lace. A ruche of chiffon
finished the neck.
Capes of gay Dresden silk are stylishly
trimmed with black chiffon or lace. Jet on net
or tulle is much used in the shapes of yokes
and collars.
Heavy white lace collars are stylish edged
with ruffles of black chiffon on a black silk or
satin cape.
When made of cloth the cape is seamless, bnt
narrow fabrics have a seam down the center
back.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"No. sir I" exclaimed Mr. Meekton, "I will
not stand it any more. I have rebelled at
last."
"What's the matter with you?" asked his
friend.
"My wife has gone too far. I'll stand her
wearing bloomers and leavhiß me at home to
rock the cradle. But when she pats my cheek
and tells me that if I'm real good she'll take
me out and teach me to ride a bicycle it's time
to call a halt"— Washington Star.
The Corn-Fed Philosopher— "Why," asked
the youngest of the neophytes, "why should
truth always rise again when crushed to
earth ?"
"Because of its elasticity, of course,"
answered the corn-fed philosopher. "Don't
you know how easy it is to stretch the truth V
—Indianapolis Journal.
Miss Wickars— They tell me, professor, that
you have mas.ered all modern tongues.
Professor Polyglot— Not exactly, not exactly
All but two, my wife's and her mother's.—
Truth,
Califokma glace fruits, 50c lb. To— nsend's,*
Special information daily to manufaotarSTt.
business houses and public men by th« Pran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's}, 510 Montgomery. '
Alkali Ike — He accused me of h_vin* been
tarred-an'-ieathered an' run oat of town down
in Texa» 'bout four years ago.
Judge Stringer— Well, that did not warrant
you in trying to shoot him.
Alkali Ike— Huh ! I reckon if you had been
tarred-an'-feathered an 1 run out of town your
self you'd be jest as touchy about it as I am'—
Puck.
•« I have fourd Hood's Pills unequaled I
always keep them in the house and recommend
them to ny friends." Mrs. Vernon Vpton 73ft
Pine St., Ban Francisco. Cal.
Take th« Northern Pacific to all points East.
lowest rates to Minnesota and Dakota point*.
Upholstered tourist-cars, Pullman palace and din-
Ing cars on all trains. Two faat through trains
daily; time to Chicago shortened six hours. For
tickets and information call on*T. K. Stateler «38
Market atr«et, ban Francisco.
The boat regulator of the digestive organs and
the best appetizer known is Dr. Siegert's Anara/
tura Bitters. Try It. •»-"««••
•Brown's Bronchial Troches" will quickly
relieve Bronchitis. Asthma, Catarrh and Throat
.Diseases. Sold only in boxes. * iaroatTHURSDAY APKIL 9, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
PAi.rwiN Thkatkr.— "Hamlet."
California Thkatkk— -The Night Clerk."
(oh'mbia Thfatfr— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
>'< HOStO'S OPKBA-lioVßK— "l'oris."
Tjvoi.i OrKBA-Hot'SK.— "Blue Beard."
( KriiFvM.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Cbovkr's aipa^ab.— •' Ranch 10."
>!a(i>onovgh Thkatkr (Oakland)— "Slnbad."
Thk ArwiTnßii-M— Corner of Jones and Eddy
etreets — Signoriua Kstrela Belinfante.
M ktropolitan Tkmpi.k— Morniou Tabernacle
CJioir, Wednesday. April 15.
si-tko Conk.y Island— Urand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert.
Ki. Cumpo-Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
► boot thf. CHrTKs— Pally at Haight street,
itf- tlock esm of ih» I'ark.
J Ati» Jt -Coast .Tockky Ci.rn.— Ra?*s to-day.
ALCTION SALES.
By Ckas. I.f.vy «* Co-lIUs day (Thursday),
Furniture, at 9S3 1 " Howard st., at 11 o'clock.
Hy J.f. MiTiiFR-This day (Thursday). Gro-
cery a:.d SaIOOB, at BSI K<-arny si., at 11 o rlook.
Hy M. J. Simmons Aiction Co.— This day
(Thursday i, 1- urniture, at 1057 Market street, at
11 o'clock.
By 8. H*scn— This day (Thursday), Furniture,
a: salesroom, 319 sutter str>>ot. Nt 10:30 o'clock.
BvOBO- I". I.amson. —Friday, April 10, Furni-
ture, at I'J - 2a Geary street, at 10 o'clock. Also,
aarneday. Furniture, at 849 Uolden Hate avenue,
at S oViock.
By H. .1. Lfi-tholtz- Friday, April 10, Bar
Outfits. •■■ ■-.. at 773 Market at., at 11 o'clock.
Baii>win A Hammond.— Thursday, April 16,
F.ca! Kstate, at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
a: 1;J o'clock,
Hy IioVKK, Toy <t Sonntag— Tuesday, April 14,
r.e«l Estate, at salesrooms, 19 Montgomery street, .
■ t IS o'clock.
By I.AYMANCF--Saturday. April 18, Berkeley
Real Kstate at '2 p. m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The California Gills' Training Home will be
moved to 147 and 149 Naioma street.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger compares Rev. Mr.
Goodwin's criticism of him to a "gas bubble.''
The Board of Health has issued its monthly
report in a new and more comprehensive form.
Local artists are just completing their
rictures for the spring exhibition at the Art
ojtitute.
The Young Ladies' Institute No. 3 held their
regular Easter entertainment last evening at
Union-square Hall.
The fire on the British ship Brabloch has
been put out and the tugs are now engaged in
clearing *ier of water.
Professor Kdward Howard Griggs lectured
last night at the Academy of Sciences on "The
Kelativity of Knowledge."
Mayor Sutro refused yesterday to give the
regents of the university a clear deed to the
■ite of the affiliated colleges.
"Cloudy and probably occasional showers
Thursday was the prediction issued last night
by Forecast Official Haramon.
Frank M. Stone is being sued for the amount
miasory note for $450, made in favor of
George Koch on April 24. 1895.
The Second Brigade of the National Guard
gave a banquet to Brigadier-General Wartield
last night at the California Hotel.
The jury in the trial of Nicholas Claussen for
killing his wife, being unable to agree last
evening, was locked up for the night.
The Army and Navy Republican League of
California declared for McKinley at its four
teenth annual encampmeut. held yesterday.
Over 300 Japanese students listened to Dr.
I>[»\ ■;<! .-tarr Jordan in the Methodist Mission
hut night as he pave reminiscences of Agassiz.
Secretary Holbrook's crusade against
sing has shown up a queer state of affairs
In the saloou business on the county boundary
line.
Mr. Pillsbury occupied all of yesterday with
his argument in the railroad commission case.
At noon to-day Mr. Hayne will begin his argu
ment.
The Grand Lodge of the A. O.U. W. of Cali
fornia holds its annual election of officers and
make? important amendmentt to the consti
tution.
Tliomas Mc'iowan wai convicted of aiding
In the transportation of unstamped opium by
a jury in the United States District Court yes
terday.
The VUlmercHnc school site committee of the
Merchants' Association will meet at 4 o'clock
t y -morrow afternoon in the offices of the asso
ciation.
A special committee appointed by the Fruit
growers' Convention is endeavoring to avert a
repetition of iait year's fresh-fruit war in
Chicago.
The Martin case was enlivened yesterday by
»:i argument on the rights of a i-onductcr to
demand a signature for' the identification of a
passengi r.
•The ship Theobald is expected to leave to
day for the new and rich placer diggings on
rooks inlet, Alaska, taking a party of seventy
miners to that section.
Lieutenant Buhner of the revenue service
I.a* l.f-en transferred to New Orleans, and will
be succeeded on the Hartley by Lieutenant
But is <>i the latter t>lai-e.
Yesterday was '-ladies' day' at the races.
Thi 1 winning horses were: Parthamax, Kowal
tkj, .h>c Terry. < rescendo. Esperance, William
Pinkerton and I'na yue Amo.
A reception and tea will be given at 570
Harrivon street on Saturday afternoon, the
1 *:h iiist., for the benefit of the San Francisco
Kursery for Homeless Children.
.ludge Hebbard declared Mrs. Hedwig Schutz
j>erfectly sane yesterday, and her husband,
who to tne warrant against her, was ar
rested for threatt-ning to kill her.
The proposed debate on "Populism vs. Social
ism" did not take place at the Turk-street Tem
ple, flinl Liberty Branch is rejoicing at what it
conidflen J. M. \\ yatt's backdown.
W. C. Ervine, 8 Twenty-fourth street, who
threatened to kill his stepdaughter because
be objected to her sweetheart, was yesterday
bonnd over by Judge Low to keep the peace.
The strike on the Parrott building was de
r:&rcd off at noon yesterday, after a compro
mise of the troubles by the superintendent
and the Building Trades Council's representa
tives-
Principal L. W. Kennedy, formerly a mem-
The Board of Kdueation. M>nt to the
boßfi Ibm evening n protest against the pres
f..- r f.t-s for suspending pupils of the public
schools.
Thf PreHta Valley Property-owners' Itn
•nrovtmfiit club, through its president. Peter
iloricb, expresses its hearty co-operation
■with the Richmond District for a' reduction in
streetcar fare.
\ compromise is imminent in the Mereeau
divorce caae. It has almost been decided that
Mrs Msrceau will be allowed to secure the di
but the cqstody of the boy is proving a
► og-btock.
rney-iieneral Fitzgerald has notified the
Board of Bnpenrlflon that unless Whittier
School money, which ihf City has failed to pay,
Is forthcoming try the 20th i*nst. he will begin
euit for its recovery.
A beautiful silk American flag was presented
)a--t evening to Company H, League of the
( rosa Cadets, by the children of Mary Sodality
of St. Brendan's parish before a large gather
ing in Pioneer Hall.
At the meeting held at the First Congrega
tional Church last night delegates were ap
pointed to the. Bay Conference, which is to
rnett next Tuesday and which will hear the
charges against Pr. Brown.
A charge of cruelty to children, made to the
Pociety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren yesterday against Captain W. J. Speck of
l'il* San Curios avenue was investigated and
proved to have no foundation.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Coptic s-ailed for Japan and China yesterday
with a full passenger list. Her officers are
called "the kindergarten crew," as the captain
is the only one over 30 years of age.
The charges of battery against John Nolan,
liv<ry-tHb!^ keeper on California street, ar.a
violating the back ordinance against Frank
Bu 111 van, ■ hackman, preferred by Policeman
<iillin, west dismissed by Judge Low yester
day.
1 he Kai road" Commission met yesterday and
r^<<ive<i.a committee from the Ashbury Heights
PropertT-ownen' Association, which petitioned
the board to institute an investigation with a
view ■of c-sthbluhing M-cent carfares. Action
was deferred for v week.
Attorney-General' Fitzgerald is to prosecute
the , » lt .?- "! n.-t the Southern Pacific and Cen
tral Pacific Railroads to have the Mission Bay
terminal lands granted them in 1868 declared
forfeited. tang-missing papers have been re
covered, and the matter will be taken UDas
toon the present litigation involving the
Railroad Commission is concluded -
Sister of Charity Dead.
Sister Mary Bernard Nicholson, a member of
the order of Sisters of charity, died yesterday at
Mount St. Joseph's Asylum, South San Fran
cisco, where she had labored ainone the or
phans lor years.
If & bicycler falls, and has Mitchell's Magic
Lotion, he can ride his bike home. •
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Fire on the British Ship
Brabloch Has Been
Extinguished.
TUGS ARE PUMPING HER OUT.
Sailing -of the Coptic With the
"Kindergarten Crew" of the
White Star Line.
The British ship Brabloch that arrived
from Newcastle, N. S. W., on tire last
Tuesday afternoon is still on the mua
flats at Sausalito. The live coal was all
drowned out during the night and yester
day the tugs Fearless and Vigilant began
the work of pumping her out again. It is
calculated that there is over 2000 tons of
water in the vessel, but it is expected that
by low water to-day she will be pumped
clear and will float with the rising tide.
Until an examination has been made by
the underwriters it will not be known
what the damage will be, but the chances
are that it will be heavy.
The streams of water that were poured
continuously into the burning ship all
night did not have any perceptible effect
until yesterday morning. Then the hull
began to cool, and instead of smoke noth
ing but steam came out of the main and
The British Ship Brabloch That Arrived Here oa Fire Will Be Afloat To-Day. The
Tugs I curlis.s and Vigilant Are Shown Pumping Out the Water That Was
Poured Into Her Last Tuesday.
[Sketrhed by a "Call" artist.]
mizzen hatches. Then even that dis
appeared and the work of pumping ceased.
A few hours later the pumps were set at
work again, and the two boats took otit of
her nearly 400 gallons an hour. The vessel
was fast in the mud, however, and did not
rise with the tide, so another attempt to
pump her out will be made this morning.
In the meantime the Vigilant keeps the
water from rising, and at Jow water when
the Fearless gets to work it will not take
long to clear tier.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for the Orient
With a very light cargo. In order to
make up she had to take nearly 1000 tons
of mud ballast.
The following was the cabin pasßenger
list :
For Yokohama— R. A. Wylie, S. Strauss, Mrs.
H. K. Morrison and child, 0. H. P. Noyes. A. A.
Thomas, E. D. Oppenheimer, A. Adelsdorfer,
John C. Siegfried, A. Le Prevost, Mrs. G. VV.
Bramhall, Atherton Macondry.
For Nagasaki— Erich Baroii Wolff, William
Mietzschki, Hans E. Stienin.
For Shanghai— Thomas Fairhurst. H. W. Mar
shall, Rev. James Jackson, Mrs. Jackson and
two children, Miss E. Reifsnyder, Miss K. C.
Wambold, H. A. Croker, N'iel Sinclair.
For Hongkong— Herbert Dent, Mrs. Dent,
maid and child. E. .1. Mosb, Mrs. Moss.
The Coptic officers are known among the
White Star liners as "the kindergarten."
Captain Inman Sealbv has just passed his
thirty-second year, Chief Officer F. Hart
celebrated his twenty-ninth birthday last
Tuesday, Chief Engineer Reginald Cross is
26, Purser C. L. Goodrich is 28, and
Second Officer Frank Beadnel is 25.
On the day that Chief Officer Hart cele
brated his birthday Captain Sealby re
ceived his commission as a lieutenant in
the British Royal Naval Reserve. He i 9
very proud of his appointment, as in case
of war the Coptic would be turned into a
cruiser and he would, of course, be a naval
officer and her commander.
Among the passengers on the Coptjc
were the Rev. James Jackson and wife. He
i is going to Kiun Kiangon the River Yang
tse Kiung, where the recent riots took
place. He was there three years ago, and
feels called upon to return to his labors,
j now that so many atrocities have been
'■ perpetrated in that place. Mrs. Wallery
is another passenger. She will be matron
of the M. h. Church technical or prepara
-1 tory school, ana is also returning to her
ola sphere of labor. Miss K. U. Wambold
is also bound for Shanghai ana she will
I join the missionary forces.
fid Oppenheimer, the well-known silk
merchant of Yokohama, was also a pas
senger. He made a host of friends while
in San Francisco, and they were all down
to see him off. Mrs. General Hramhall had
quite a crowd of ladies down to tee her
away. Sue is the wife of an American who
joined the Japanese army during the.Japa
nese war and who has since become a. per
manent resident of Yokohama.
Captain I. Smith of the tug Sea Queen
has taken a month's vacation and will
visit Portland and all the Putjet Sound
ports. He started on the steamer Queen
yesterday morning and expects to have an
enjoyable trip.
The barkentine Marion expects to get
away for Alaska this morning. She has
121 passengers, and, as they are consider
ably crowded and many of them have
demijohns of whisky and firearms, the
Custom-house authorities interfered be
cause they were not in the manifest. In
coiiMequence clearance papers were re
fused, but everything has been straight
ened out and the vessel will get away to
day.
The Pacific. Mail Company's City of
Para arrived from New York via the
Straits of Magellan and Panama yestcr
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. APRIL 9, 1896.
day. She will be placed permanently on
the Panama route and will prove a wel
come addition to the fleet. She is a very
similar vessel to the City of Rio de Janeiro,
and is 345 feet long, 38 feet wide and 19
feet 9 inches deep. At Panama Captain
James L. Lockwood died and was buried
in the Pacific Mail Company's burial piat
on the Island of Flamenco. He was dying
of consumption Then the steamer left New
York, yo his death was not unexpected.
He leaves a widow and grown-up daughter
in lloboken, N. J.
When the collier Progressist started from
Port Costa yesterday her piston-rod broke
and she had to come to anchor. A new
one will be made at the itisdon Iron Works
and sent to the disabled steamer on the
Belvedere to-morrow.
An unknown woman attempted to com
mit suicide from the ferry steamer Pied
mont last Tuesday night. She was caught
by one of the deckhands, but refused to
give her name. She said she lived in Oak
land, and was turned over to the Oakland
police.
The new steamer President for the
Alaska Packers' Association was launched
from the Fulton Iron Works yesterday.
She is 140 feet long, 28 feet wide and 14 feet
deep. She is schooner-rigged and has
cabin accommodation for twenty-one r>as
sengers. She is a very handsome craft,
and will be a welcome addition to the
Alasican fleet.
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL.
Committee of the Merchants' Agsocla-
tion to Secure Its Location.
The Wilmerding School site committee
of the Merchants' Association will meet at
4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon in the rooms
of the association on the seventh floor of
the Mills building. The committee con
sists of Alfred Bouvier, James D. Phelan,
Henry J. Crocker, Hugo D. Keil, Joseph
Legpett and J. Richard Freud, secretary
of the association. The committee will
endeavor to devise means whereby the
location of the Wilmerding School of In
dustrial Arts in this City may be' brought
about. The association is a unit on the
matter, and is putting forth every effort to
render the project an accomplished fact.
FIGHTING FOR THE CHILD
What Is Preventing a Settlement
of the Marceau
Case.
Marceau Said to Be Wi ling to Alow
His Wife to Secure the
Divorce.
Once more the Marceau case has failed
to put in an appearance before Judge
Slack at the appointed time, and it looks
now as if it never would come to trial.
Last Saturday was the date set for the
trial of an application by Mrs. Marceau
for the custody of the child, a boy of 6
years, but the case went over until yester
day morning.
Yesterday morning, when the case was
called, it was announced that all parties
had consented to a continuance until to
morrow, and once more the trial was
put-off.
The delay in the case points to a com
promise, and should this method of settle- '
ment be decided upon the case will have
but a brief period in court. Marceau may
be induced to withdraw the charges which
he made against his wife, and then she !
will probably be allowed to put in a cross
complaint against him and secure a
divorce by default. The only real !
stumbling-block is the custody of the child. !
Marceau says his wife is not a fit person !
to care for the boy, and she says she can j
disprove every ctiarge he ha? made against i
her. The Palace Hotel people side with!
Mrs. Marceau. and she aays they can prove |
that no one was in the room with her on I
that exciting morning a few weeks back
except her mother, her child and a ser- j
vant. The efforts of the attorneys are j
being directed toward settling the matter !
of the custody of the boy. and when that
is done the case will speedily end.
The question of alimony has so far been
an unimportant one in the case. Marceau
readily agreed to allow his wife $,'SOO a
month pending litigation, and so the ali
mony and a division of property will not
be hard to settle afterward.
The Trice Cage.
In the I'nited States District Court yesterday
Judge Morrow denied the motion of arrest of
sentence in the case of the I'nited States
against Warren E. Price, convicted of sending
obscene matter through the mails. The appli
cation for a new trial, based on the exclusion
of testimony and a denial of the right of the
agents oi the Government to send out decoy
letters, will be heard.
Saved from Destruction.
This Is what happens when the kidneys are
rescued from inactivity by Hosteiter's Stomach
Bitters. If they continue inactive they are threat
ened with Brlght's disease, diabetes or some other
nialady which works their destruction. Malarial
bilious and rheumatic ailment and dyspepsia are
also conquered by the Bitters, which is thorough
and effective.
WHS SETTLED AMICABLY.
The Strike on the Parrott
Building Has Been De
clared Off.
THE MATTER COMPROMISED.
At Noon Yesterday the Union Men
Returned to Work -All Parties
Are Satisfied.
The Building Trades strike on the Par
rott building was declared off at noon"
yesterday, and nearly 200 men who walked
out three days ago returned to work.
This arrangement resulted from a com
promise between Superintendent Stanford
of the Parrott building and the representa
tives of the Building Trades Council. Be
cause of the action of the latter, many
conceived the idea that the strikers were
defeated. Such was not the case, and
even the superintendent of the building
does not regard the settlement of the
troubles yesterday in that light. It is
rather an amicable adjustment between
the gentlemen interested, and which is an"
doubtedly satisfactory to both sides. By
its conditions progress is assured to both
employers and employes, and the vital
industrial interests of the community will
happily be freed from jeopardy.
Mr. Stanford states that the men re
turned to work upon terras accepted by all
concerned, and that it was a compromise
pure ana simple, and not a defeat or
victory for either side.
The union men declined to work in the
building with Charles J. Bruschke's
non-union men, and they were called out
on a stri te by order of the Building Trades
Council.
It was the wish of the council that
Bruschke either unionize his men or with
draw them from the building. This" he
refused to do, and the superintendent said
there was no way of compelling him to
throw up his contract, especially as he had
only about two weeks' work remaining to
be finished. The superintendent on Tues
day, after a long interview with the busi
ness agents of the council, stated tliat tue
work must not be delayed any longer, and
he directed St. Denis, who has a large
painting contract, and Mr. Kerns, a build
ing contractor, to put men to work on the
following morning. It was not, as mis
stated, Business Agent Saunders who
made this order. It was given by Mr.
Stanford.
Neither of these contractors was desir- i
ous of beginning work with new men, as
they would have been obliged to and this '
was duly considered at the meeting of the \ ■
council on Tuesday night. The agents of j i
the unions were authorized to make this ,
offer: That the strike would be called off;
by the union's representatives and the <
union men be sent back to work provided !
no more contracts be given to Bruschke, I ,
whose present contracts will be finished in j
about two weeks. As Bruschke was the | j
only person in the building opposed to the i ',
trades unions, such an arrangement as j
suggested would practically unionize the j i
building in about two weeks. It was I
further argued that there were many j
thousand dollars' worth of work yet to be ; .
done in the building, and it would be j
better in the interests "of unionized labor '
to do this work than to let it fall into the I •
hands of non-union men.
There was still another question that j
received serious consideration. .). St. Denis
A Co., the painters, nnd Mr. Kerns, a ;
building contractor, were employing only !
union men. If the matter could not be 1
compromised, these contractors would
have to perform their contracts with non- |
union men, which would practically make i
their shops non-union, and throw a large j
number of union men out in the street j
; again, not only from the Parrott building. I
I hue from all outside contracts they hold or
may secure. One delegate remarked.
I "We cannot afford to Jinjure our friends
ana turn their shops over to the 'scabs' if i
there is any way by which the matter |
can be settled on fairly honorable terms." j
As t lie matter had to lie decided, and I
without delay, as there would not be time !
to get the sense of the affiliated unions, the !
council decided to compromise the matter
j it possible.
Yesterday morning Superintendent Stan
ford was preparing to fill the buildiug
with any kind of workmen the contractors
could get when the couacil's representa
tives again called upon him and explained I
the offer they had to make. Mr. Stanford
said that he had no ill feeling against the j
unions, but tiie work had to procee I at |
once. He would not promise to shut out j
Bruschke from figuring upon any more ]
contracts. After much discussion, and j
several visits to persons in charge of the i
; estate, a compromise was effected upon {
these lines: The strike should be declared j
off, and the union men be permitted to re- !
turn to work at noon upon the under- i
standing that Bruschke be prevented from
bidding upon any other contracts until
his present contracts are complete.
Mr. Stanford stated that tie plans for
several contracts in Bruschke' s li,ne of work
have been in the course of preparation for
several months, and it is more than likely
that they will be complete and let to the
contractors within a week or ten days.
Under the arrangement with the union j
j men this will practically prevent Bruschke |
from putting in a bid on the work that he
can perform. There are several large con
tracts, such as fitting up the stores, the
j restaurant in the basement and the offices
lin the upper stories, that are in
; Bruschko's line, and these will no doubt j
j be let to contractors who employ only j
! union workmen, as there is no disposition
! on the part of ttie Emporium people nor
! those interested in the Parrott estate to j
have a repetition of the present labor j
troubles.
Superintendent Stanford states that now
the trouble is over he proposes to have the
work rushed as fast as possible, in order to
complete the portion of the building to be
used for store purposes. All the men
whose services can be made use of will be
put to work at once. Mr. Kerns, the con
tractor, has or will put his whole force in
the building to-day, and it is likely that
he will increase the number very soon in
order to comply with the demand to rush.
Kerns has always employed union men,
and he is greatlypleased that the compro
mise still permits him to Keep a union
shop.
Another happy man is J. St. Denis, the
painter, who has a big contract in the
building. A week before he unionized his
entire shop after he and his partner, Mr.
Macauley, had a conference with the arbi
tration committee of the Building Trades
Council. He was determined to keep faith
with the council if possible. When he re
ceived the order to go ahead with the
work, union or no union, St. Denis was
between his satanic majesty and the deen
sea.
Yesterday when the decision was an
nounced he was only too well pleased
with the opportunity of putting his old
men back to work. He started out with a
force of forty, and by night he will have at
least sixty at work.
To say that the workmen themselves
were pleased issupertfuous. By the end
of the week between 500 and 7'X) men will
be busy in the big building.
While the strike upon the Parrott build
ing is settled, the strike upon the rest of
the City is still on. The working-card
went into effect upon the Ist of this
month, but in many instances it has not
been enforced, because the executive offi
cers of the council had all they could at
tend to in the Parrott building.
The business ajrents will begin at once
to put the card into operation throughout
the City, following out the principle of
directing the eotire strength of the affili
ated councils upon one or two jobs at a
time. To-day the delegates will make
another tour of investigation and select
the worst of these mixed jobs to begin
operating upon. They will present their
reports to the council to-night and be in
structed as to which jobs will be the next
struck. It is the determination to put the
working-card into effect, and there is no
doubt but what there will be some bitter
tights before this is effected.
In pursuing this policy the council does
not expect to win a bloodless victory and
conquer the O.ty at once. It is well un
derstood that a number of contractors will
yield for the time being in order to finish
contracts actually on hand.
It is claimed, however, that a large body
of building and painting contractors have
an understanding to fight the card system
as soon as they are free from present con
tracts. More than that it is believed that
a certain manufacturing association is be
hind the contractors and will assist in the
contest with material aud money if neces
sary. Those who believe that the general
strike is over arc mistaken if the two op
posing torces maintain the positions they
have assumed.
The Woodworkers' Union have another
victory to boast of. While they are at
peace so far as the Parrott building is con
cerned they still have the knifs sharpened
on both edges for Charles J. Bruschke. On
Tuesday night they got two of Bruschke's
men to leave and join the union. Last
evening they took four more men away and
these, too, will be taken into the fold of
unionism.
It is proposed to clean out Bruschke's
shop, if possible. It was understood that
nearly all the men in that shop were Ger
mans, but an inventory of nationality
shows only two out of fifty in the shop.
Several union men at present employed
by BruschKe state they expect to be dis
charged very soon. Since he formed his
"union" he has declared that he wants no
union men to work for him. About twelve
union men expect to be dropped from the
payroll within a few days, principally be
cause Bruschk% suspects them of doing
uniun "missionary" work among his other
employes. Several of these men have
been forbidden to talk with the other em
ployes, so they state.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
O'Neill's Last Appearances at
the Baldwin in "Monte
Cristo."
Marked Improvement in the Cast at
the Grand — The Alcazar
Drama.
James O'Neill is concluding bis season
with "Monte Cristo," "Hamlet" and "The
Courier of Lyons." Last night he re
peated the popular "Monte Cristo," in
which his impersonation is too familiar to
need comment. To-night he will play
"Hamlet," to-morrow and Sunday
"Monte Cristo" will be repeated, and the
season will end on Sunday night with
"The Courier of Lyons."
Richard Mansfield begins his season at
the Baldwin Theater next "Monday.
"The Night Clerk" is affording plenty of
laughter to California Theater audiences.
Absurd and inconsequent as the faree-oomedv
is it possesses brisk dialogue, and Peter Dailey
and John G. Sparks put so much vivacity into
their parts that the public is beguiled into
applauding because it is amused.
One of the best performances that the Co
! lnmbia Theater hhs seen for some time is
I Frank Mayo'fl "Pudd'nhead Wilson." The
I actor - author has made a quaintly phiio
| sophicai study out of the old Missourian
lawyer of Murk Twain's well-known story.
Frank Mayo has surrounded himself with an
excellent cast.
This afternoon the students of the Columbia
School of Dramatic Art give a public per
| formauce at the Columbia Theater.
"Doris," with Miss Lisle Leigh in the title
role, has made quite a hit at the Grand Opera
house. The personnel of Morosco's company
has changed for the Detter considerably during
the last few weeks, and the arrival of Miss
Leigh has made the change even more marked.
In "Doris" there is a marked improvement in
refinement and finish. The declamatory style
has been to a ereat extent abandoned for some
thing more modern end natural, and the ap
plause with which the play is received shows
that the audience appreciates the change.
"Bluebeard" has proved quite a glittering
success at the Tivoli. The extravaganza is
well staged and brightly acted. Miss Gertrude
Aylward, the new prima donna, is a valuable
addition to the strength of the Tivoli com
pany. "Bluebeard" will ruu till further
notice.
The management of Grover's Alcazar has no
reason to regret its return to drama, after
wandering a while in the field of vaudeville.
"Ranch No. 10" has brought back a good
many of the favorites of the company, and . the
play^ which is well staged and acted, is doing
good business.
The excellent variety bill at the Orpheum is
filling that popular house of amusement.
Elena Leliti, the singing doll, is a new and at
tractive novelty, and the Marvellesare wonder
fully clever contortionists. Segommer's ven
triloquism arouses as much interest as at the
beginning of his engagement. The Nawns and
La Belle Carmen are some of the other star at
trii' ; ious.
There is a groat deal of interest centered in
the first appearance at the Auditorium of the
Italian operatic, contralto, Signorina Estrella
Belinfante, the blind girl who came here lately
from Japan. She will sine to-night in the con
cert with Herr Anton Hchott, the Wagncrian
tenor, ami Arthur Fiekenscher, the German,
pianist.
MANSFIELD ENGAGEMENT.
Large Crush at the Baldwin Box-Office for
Seats.
Next Monday nipht the Baldwin will hold a
large and representative audience, judging by
the great crush for seats at the oox-ottice yes
terday morning, when the sale began for the
first two weeks of Richard Mansfield's engage
ment. Tne greatest of American stars begins
his engagement next Monday night with his
famous interpretation of "Beau Brummell"
and will continue to present it during the en
tire first week. Mansfield is no doubt at his
best in this role, and the members of his com
pany are cast in most congenial roles. On the
s"cond Monday night of liis engagement Mr.
Mansfield will be seeu for the first time here in
his latest success, "Tiie Story of Rodian, the
Student.'*
EARLY MORNING BURGLARY.
John Serniea' Saloon on Kearny Street
Looted by Thieves.
John Sernies' saloon, at 908 Kearny
street, was entered by burglars at an early
hour yesterday morning, and considerable
small change which had been left in the
till when the saloon was closed the night
before and liquors were stolen. The rob
bers gained an entrance to the saloon
through a window in the rear of the build
ing, using a jimmy in order to accomplish
their purpose.
The robbery was reported to the police
and Officers Williams and Wren were de
tailed upon the case. Last evening, upon
securing sufficient evidence to warrant
their arrest, George Ryan and William
Madden were taken into custody.
They were found by the arresting officers
in a room in the Adelphia House busily
engaged in drawing the liquid from a bot
tle supposed to have been among those
stolen from Sernies' saloon.
Upon being questioned at the police sta
tion both men denied having been impli
cated in the burglary, but the police are
positive that they have the right persons.
Public School Lectures.
The Committee on Free Lectures of the Board
of Education has notified the teachers of the
department that the next lecture will be de
livered by President Martin Kellogg of the
State University, in the auditorium of the
(iirls' High School, to-morrow evening. The
subject will be "Honor Bright 1 ' and the dis
course will begin at 8 o'clock; music being
furnished by the pupils of the High School.
It is stated that 70 per cent of the people
of Ceylon live by agriculture.
■" NEW TO-DAY.
(P^: "Pure and Sure."
I eve f and 5
B^^ Baking POWDER.
"Finding Cleveland's baking powder to be really
the best, I recommended it in Common Sense in the
Household ' and now use it exclusively." May , 1894.
at
MARION HARLAND, Author of "-Common Sense in the Household." "
STRONG FOR HOME RULE
Hon. Alfred Webb, for Six Years
Member of Parliament,
Is Here.
IS FROM WEST WATERFORD.
Though a Protestant, He Is Elected
Three Times From a District
95 Per Cent Catholic.
Hon. Alfred Webb, for six years member
of Parliament from West WaCerford, in
the south of Ireland, is at the Wilson
House accompanied by Mrs. Webb. They
have keen on a tour of the world and last
visited Australia and Tasmania.
Mr. Webb is a Protestant, and, oddly
enough, has been elected three times from
a district in which 95 per cent of his con
stituency is Catholic. He says, however,
that out of eighty or more members of the
Irish Parliament there are eight or ten
Protestants who have, like himself, been
elected from strong Catholic districts. Ac
cording to him the Catholics there are
nothing like so antagonistic to the Protes
tants as many suppose. They are really
very liberal.
Mr. Webb is an ardent home rule advo
cate, but says the Protestants generally
are not nearly ao enthusiastic for it as the
Catholics. They are pretty well contented
as they are, apparently, and believe P^ng
land will look out for them better than
they would be looked out for if Ireland
had home rule.
"What we want," said Mr. Webb, "is
the richt to manage our internal affairs.
We don't want to cut loose from England,
but we want something like your State
Government here, except that we wouldn't
ask for any militia. All sucn general
matters could be left to the general
Government, but we would like to be able
to name our judiciary, and, in fact, ar
range the details of all matters local and
close to us.
"Ireland's population has decreased
from 8,250,000, as when I was a boy, to
4,750,000 now. The people have migrated.
but Ireland is in better shape now than
lor a long time.
"The Protestants have been at the head
of no great reforms for 100 years. Strangely
enough, they have been opposed to them.
They were opposed to the independence of
the Irish church. It is remarkable, never
theless, that during the tierce feeling of
fifteen years the proportion of Protestants
has slightly increased."
Mr. Webb has been studying the fruit
interests north and south of San Fran
cisco. He has been much entertained with
what he has seen. The gentleman is about
60 years of age, of medium size, with an
almost white beard.
Election of the Southern Pacific.
At the meeting of the stockholders of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday the en
tire old board of directors were re-elected.
They are as follows: C. F. Crocker, W. H.
Crocker. T. H. Hubbard, C. P. Ijuntington, H.
K. Huntington, C. G. Lathrop, Nw. Smith, T.
K. Stillman, J. C. Stubbs, A. L, Tubbs, R. J.
Wilson. The directors will elect the officers to
i day. It, was expected that a Teport of the
i operations of the Southern Pacific Company's
; roads would be submitted, but tne document
I was not ready.
In the Thirty-Seventh.
The Lincoln Republican Club of the Thirty
seventh District held a largely Attended meet-
me at 110 Hayes street, President W. W. Allen
presiding. The most important business trans
acted was the indorsement of the following
named gentlemen as candidates to be voted
for *t the primaries next Wednesday for dele
gates to the State convention : J. A. Watt, A. J.
Raiseh, J. H. Gray, J. K. Field, George Went
worth. C. O. Burton, John Hegler, Fred Eg
gers; judge, W. W. Allen.
NEW TO-DAT.
_
/\
. • . ' -' . ■ .. ■ . . ■ ■ .
Fancy
Fad
— the fad for fancy bosom
shirts, with fancy cuffs, but
white collars. -
" Best quality for the money,"
and, above all, prettiest designs,
are marked thus:
* T TRADE \*
M.B.
. . I MARK I .
Neustadter Bros., flfr3., S. F.
MEW TO-DAT-AMUBEMENTB.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIVE GRAND CHORAL CONCERTS.
[MORMON]
—TABERNACLE CHOIR.- —
* — 175 VOICES
Commencing WEDNESDAY NIGHT,
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
, - . ' ■;• •NO .: MATINEES, t ,-,-•„ %
Prices (including reserved seat), $1 50 and $1.
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay 4. Co.'s. '
SUTRO BATHS
PLEASURE GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel; Mirror Maze, Haunted
. . Swing and Punch and Judy always in
Operation on Marry Way. Concerts
every Saturday and Sunday by :
First Infantry. Regiment, N. 6. C, Band.
General Admission ...... i ... ......10 cents
Chi1dren...."...... ..:....,.".......,........... 5 cents
*"'-"■- ■ ■ - . ■.--■.-•
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
IJw^rrieATßE'lPVPs.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
The Favorite Actor,
■jflfcs O'ISTEILTLi
. TO-NIGHT— "HAMLET."
Friday and Saturday. MONTE CRISTO
Sat. Mat. and Sun. night... COURIER OF LYONS
EXTRA. ~ ~ . -i
MONDAY NEXT, APRIL 13.
RICHARD MANSFIELD
AND HIS
Sew York (iarrifk Theater Stock Co.
Entire First Week.. BEAU BKUM3I
SECOND .WEEK— Monday and Tuesday,
"THE STORY OF ROMAN,"
Wednesday, Thursday. Friday Kv'gp and Sat. Mat.
. "PRINCE KARL," . :•
Saturday Evening:, .-■•*•"
"DR. JEKVLL AND MR. HYDE."
Seats for Two First Weeks Ready To-day ; .
—AT REGULAR PRICES.—
1 1 THEY I "TO-NIGHT- I A
I' STILL iIV . «■» Nightly
I '"*f '■» ALL THE WEEK. CBOWPi
■' E^ R DAI LEY
In John J. MoNally's Greatest Laughing Suco«^ '
THE NIGHT CLERK.
COMPANY SUI'KKB! PRODUCTION.
rniCDLAnQLR.GOTTLOD« o>- u»t3AnorunAO«4--
PACKED THE
CLEAN
TO DOORS.
And Why Not? The Only Great Play in Twenty
Mark Twain's "Pudd'niiead Wilson"
FRANK MAYO
AND HIS SUPERB COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mutt. tn.sKSTi.NE Kkki.ixh, Proprietor & Manager
— — A TRIUMPH!-
EVERY EVENING !
Our Easter Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
CHEI.DEI.A.T CJ&.ST.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY 1
GORGEOUS COSTUMES!
ENTRANCING BALLETS I
The Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
"RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream of Loveliness.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sole Lessee- and Jiaaagae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Robert Drouet's Masterpiece,
"DORIS!"
First Appearance of the Great Leading Actress,
MISS LISLE JL.KIGH.
An Unparalleled Cast ! A Great Play.
Snmt Pricks— 2sc and 57a.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10s.
Usual Matinees Saturday and SumUf.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbiedlanukk, Gottlob & Co., Lesseea&Managera
FIRST GRAND CONCERT
TO-N"IG-HT
SIHOKIU ESTRELA BELL\FASTE
(Blind), Italy's Greatest Operatic Contralto.
HERR ANTON SCHOTT,
The Great Wagnerian Tenor.
MR. ARTHUR FICKENSCHER.
The Celebrated Pianist.
Reserved seats 50c, 75c and $1, now on sale at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music-store. ',•: I »■::■'
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street. Between stocntoa and PotraE.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE "WEEK
A Brilliant Array of Sew People!'
ELENA LhILA, " ROSIE RENDEL.'
LA BELLE CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER,
THE MARVELLES,
BRUET AND RIVIERE,
THE NAWNS, Etc., Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera onalri
and Box seats. 50c. - ■ ■
nACDONOUdrI THEATER-OAKLAND.
3 Nights; beginning TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY.
The Famous AMERICAN EXTRAVAGANZA
CO..* 126— People— 125,' D. Henderson manager,
presenting for the first time in Oakland the Glo-
rious, Gorgeous, Glittering •• • . a
SIINTBAD
The Bailor, or Maid of Balsora. I
Secure Your Seats. Prices 25c to 1.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS. .
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES. sc. •
Ladles— Chutes, Week-Day Afternoons, sc.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
. (Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN i OR * SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
■ ■
ADMISSION »1.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. st
Fare I for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, 1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
• to track. : -- •■ -
A. B. SPKECKELS. W. a LEAKE. .
President. * ■ ■- ■ - ..'■■-* Secretary- -
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During; the Season.
i Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing and
. other amusements. Refreshments at city prices. '
, Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c; including ad-
mission to the grounds. SSSHSSSHSSSswS
. THE STEAMER UKIAH :
' Will leave Tiburon Ferry 10:30 a. m.,' l'J:10 p. h.,
* '1 and 4r. m. ' Returning leave El Campo 11:15
i A. m., 1. 3 and 5 p.m.
78
THE FIGHT FOR
THREE-CENT FARE.
Property • Owners Appear
Before the Railroad
Commission.
INVESTIGATION WANTED
The Board Will Receive Advice
From the State's Attorney-
General
DOUBTFUL OVER JURISDICTION.
Commissioners Are Not Certain as
to Their Powers in the
Premises.
The Railroad Commissioners met yester
day and were reauested to take immediate
ection ou the question of reducing street
car fares in San Francisco from 5 to 3
cents.
A committee consisting of E. Js. Fortz,
F. W. Growell and F. W. Lang, from the
Asbbury Heights Property-owners' Asso-
Ciation, with their attorney, Andrew
Ciunie, appeared before the commission
with a request contained in these resolu
tions:
Whereas. The present management of the
Market-street Railway Company have deter
mined, in utter disregard of the safety, con
venience and rights oi the traveling public of
this City and County, to so conduct their sys
tem as to wrench from the people all that the
traffic will bear, and have by their manner
cf restriction so Mirrounded the transfer system
of their company with inconveniences and an
noyances as to render the same practically of
l.ttle convenience; and whereas said company
fcas, by the abandonment of parts of itsiran
thiats and its refusal to run cars on many
parts of its lines at times suitable to '.he con
venience of the public, greatly injured and
decreased the value of realty in this City and
County; and whereas, the amount of revenue
received from said system is much more
than sufficient to furnish a just and reasona
ble compensation to the owners thereof
f : the service rendered; and whereas
section 22 of article XII of the constitu
tion of this State, defining :he power of Rail
r ere, provides "said Commis
sioner;- shall have trie power and it shall be
their duty to establish rates of charges for the
transportation of passengers and freight by
railroad or other tra;i>f oration companies,
and publish the same from time to time with
Each cntinjres as they may make" ; and whereas
no authority exi>is in the Legislature to limit
or tute from the powers eonierred upon said
Commissioners by the organic law of the State;
therefore be it
Ecso ted. That we demand of said Railroad
Commissioners that they proceed at once to
estab'n:>h rate* of charges lor tlie transporta
tion of passenger! on the various street rail
! the City and County of t?en Francisco,
end that a committee of three members of this
club be appointed- by the chair for the purpose
of presenting these resolutions to said Board
of Railroad Commissioners and taking such
action in the matter as they may deem expe
dient and proper; and further be it
/.'t\«oh<rd. That in the opinion of this club the
T ri sent rate of such charges could reasonably
be reduced to 3 cents per trip without trans
fers.
The full board was present, and each
commissioner had an opportunity of
presenting his views on the matter. They i
vrere not quite clear as to their powers and
jurisdiction regarding streetcar lines, and
were insistent that the board should re- ]
ceive instructions from the Attorney-
General on these essential points before it
made any movement.
Mr. ClunJa urged the commission to j
proceed at once and decide upon a day on j
•which the question should be investigated
by the board.
"If we have jurisdiction I'm in favor of |
regulating rates as far as streetcar rail- j
ways are concerned," replied Commission- j
er btanton. "But this is a question that !
has never before come up before this board, !
and for that reason we deem it best to ask
the advice of the Attorney-General. "We
Lave received an opinion on practically the i
same question from him, and he held that
we did not have jurisdiction. Suppose we
took action, as youeentlemen request, and :
the Attorney-General should say to us:
'You're wrong; you hadn't jurisdiction,'
■wouldn't we be left in a very awkward
position ?"'
"That is not right, doctor." responded
Ciunie; "you have misinterpreted the law.
You don't have to employ lawyers. The
Attorney -General may have made an error,
as the brightest lawyers have done. This
i:- of as much importance to the people of
t-an Francisco as the S per cent reduction
on wheat was to the farmers. I believe
with Mr. La Rue this matter should be
eettled at once, and I'm surprised that the j
member from San Francisco should put I
any obstacle in the way or should oppose
Euch an important measure."
"This is not fair, Mr. Clnnie," retorted
Dr. Stan'.on, with a stress on the Mr.
"This is not fair to construe my motives.
It is purely a matter of individual opinion.
I am m favor of doing what other mem
bers of the commission do, but I am of the
opinion that tne board should first ask ad
vice from our legal adviser. I might say
that Mr. Ciunie was a demagogue, for
instance, but that would be an expression
of individual opinion."
Ciunie smiied at his old friend and
poured oil on the troubled waters by de
claring he knew the doctor did not mean
that he (Ciunie) was a demagogue, and
more than that the doctor was "all right," '
though too timid. |
"\our proposition, Mr. Ciunie, is for the
board to go into the investigation of this i
case and see if the streetcar fare of 5 cents j
is exorbitant, and the board should make
a rate of 3 cents," Commissioner Clark I
said.
"Exactly."
"We must assume we have jurisdiction
in the premises," remarked Chairman La
Rue.
Ciunie was up again. "It seems ab- '
surd,'' he exclaimed, "that the Legislature
gives the board the right to regulate fares
of passengers and freight and that you
cannot regulate fares of either separately.
The code may have its rules, but it is only
a secondary consideration."
"As 1 understand, Mr. Ciunie," La Rue i
remarked, "we should have this thing de- j
termined at once, but I still have a doubt I
as to our powers."'
"We simply ask the commission to go
ahead," answered the lawyer, "and then j
if there be a weaK point in the measure the |
Southern Pacific attorneys will jump upon |
it. It is not fair that the burden of this
suit should be thrown upon the property
owners, as the board representing the peo
ple ought to act."
"We should have some time to consider
this," said Clark. "We don't care to be
the laughing-stock of the State if we went
ahead and were wrong. The Attorney-
General should advise us in this dispute,
and I think it would be well to continue
the matter for a week until we hear from
him."
Stanton moved that the commission ad
journ till Tuesday at 1 p. m., and the
motion was carried.
THAT "RAILROAD JOKER."
Mr. Estee Says the Legislature
Cannot Limit the Scope of the
Constitution.
There seems to he no doubt that the peo
ple of Ashbury Heights und Stanyan
i-treet are thoroughly acquainted with the
English language and are right when they
call a streetcar the property of a tranepor
tation company, a Legislature of the State
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Their opinion is not only upheld by the
dictionary, oat the constitution of the State
of California fully concurs, and that makes
it law, fundamental and immutable. "If
a streetcar company in the carrying busi
ness is not a "transportation company'
what is it?" and "If a passeneer road in
the cguntry needs a commission to restrain
its grabbing tendencies why should a pass
enger roaclin the City be exempt irom
such healthful control?' 1 These are queries
heard everywhere.
The constitutional convention classed
all the transportation systems together in
the face of a tremendous railroad opposi
tion. The same railroad was beaten, but
not cast down, and the next State Legisla
ture found it still in the ring. The people,
as sometimes will happen, were asleep,
and it was no difficult matter to run in a
little private dictionary work on tnem.
The strange new definition was that the
term "transportation companies" meant
everything but street railroads. This
gratuitous assumption, though unconsti
tutional on its face, went unchallenged nn
til last Monday evening— almost tifteen
years. Such are the ways of men.
"The Railroad Commission will take up
this matter," said Attorney A. J. Clunie
yesterday, "and that will give the Market
street Railway Company something to do
besides issuing Donas on $37,500,000 worth
of property and turning in an assessment
on $3,000,000. Mind you, they don't even
pay the taxes on that paltry $3,000,000 as
sessment. The State Board of Equaliza
tion may raise San Francisco's tax levy and
the private citizen iinds his little property
jumped on, but the president of the great
Market-street railway system can say,
'never touched me.'
"The State may take this case to the Su
preme Court, to look ahead, and may lose,
but this will only be the beginning "of the
effort to bring that big company — trans
portation company — to terms. We will
if a great corporation can gobble up the
public streets of the City, never paying a
cent for the privilege, get laws passed that
wUi bar out all competition and then run
"A SMOKY MORNING." LATIMER'S PICTURE FOR THE SPRING EXHIBITION.
their cars as they please and when they
please, with a 'the-public-be-d ' disre
gard for common decency. In the State of
Pennsylvania the Railroad Commissioners
look out lor the streetcar fares, and in
Minnesota that same commission controls
grain-elevators and considers them a part
of the transportation business."
M. M. Estee, who was chairman of the
committee on corporations of the consti
tutional convention at Sacramento in 1879,
was interviewed by a Call reporter yes
terday. Hitaopinion of the meaning of
the ''transpOTtation company" term in
the State constitution is easily understood.
•'lt was my impression," said Mr. Estee,
"in the constitutional convention that
when section 22 of article XII was in the
committee, as well as after its adoption,
the Railroad Commission had full power
to establish rates of charges for the trans
portation of passengers and freight by
every transportation company in the
State of California which carried freight
or passengers or both.
"That is the language of the constitu
tion. It is true the Legislature has since
passed an act limiting the scope of this
section of the constitution to railroads
other than street railroads, but I do not
believe the Legislature had that power.
In what I say I express no opinion as to
what should be done by the commission
in relation to any particular street rail
road. The justness of its action in all in
stances will depend upon the facts in each
particular case, but in my judgment the
power rests in the commission to act
under the constitution.
"The whole question was gone over and
over in the committee, of which I was the
chairman, and the matter of excepting
street railroads was discussed from day to
day. but they were not excented, as the
section in the constitution plainly reads.
The legislative enactment the following
year was a— well, was an afterthought, I
suppose. But I say that in my opinion
the term 'transportation companies' cov
ered all and excepted none, and the Legis
lature had no power to change or limit the
term."
Hon. H. M. La Rue of the Railroad Com
mission stated in an interview that the
matter had just been brouebt before the
commission, but he was the opinion that
the commission could regulate the fares of
street railroads.
"I was a member of the constitutional
convention, and interpretered the mean
ing of this section to include all transpor
tation companies," said he.
STILL AFTER THAT DICTIONARY
Genuine Success of the Supplemental
Distribution Lately Begun.
At the headquarters of the Pacific Coast
Newspaper Syndicate the cry is "Still they
come," for there are very many readers in
and out of the City who are filing their ap
plications during these few days while the
offer remains open by which they can so
easily secure the Encyclopaedic Dictionary, j
The work itself is an entirely new idea
in reference books, being at once a die- |
tionary and an encyclopedia, and as such j
it takes the place of many other books on '
special subjects put together.
Its utility has been fully demonstrated
by the 600 sets originally distributed in i
the 500 cultured homes, where it has been j
examined and compared with ether die- J
tionaries and encyclopedias.
Many who realiy desired to get the vol- '
nmes during the original distribution i
failed to do so through hesitation or delay, i
and these, now that another opportunity I
is presented, are hastening to avail them- |
se fires of its benefits.
But it should be remembered that this '
week will see the close of this altogether
notable undertaking in the way of a book
distribution, and readers are therefore ad- :
monished to act while yet there is time, i
I for beginning Monday the price of the
work will be advanced to $42 per set. the
best styles of binding costing even more.
Charlet Favor Arraigned.
Charles Fovor, charged with impersonating
an officer of the United States Government,
and as such extorting $100 from a Chinaman,
was arraigned before United States Commis
sioner Heacoclc yesterday, and the hearing
Mas set for Friday,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
SOME SPRING PICTURES
Work That Is Going to the
Art Institute Exhibi
tion.
MATHEWS PAINTS PANDORA.
Latimer's Brook and Meadow Scenes.
Jcullin Paints Sand
dunes.
The studios have been alive with activ
ity for the last few days, for the finishing
touches are being put to the pictures for
the spring-exhibition at the Art Institute.
All the work has to be in by to-morrow at
the latest, and the present indications
seem to point to the fact that the hang
ing committee will have plenty of good
material to choose from, as most of the
best known local artists have painted more
than one picture for the exhibition.
Among the painters whose work was
ready to be dispatched to the Art Institute !
yesterday was Arthur Mathews. He will i
be represented by several canvases, one a i
scriptural subject, "Ishicael and Hagar," j
which depicts a woman robed in purple !
and white, holding a fainting boy in her ;
arms. The ligures are boA expressive of j
suffering and desolation, and the dreary !
but picturesque landscape which surrounds I
them has evidently been inspired by an i
arid California desert scene.
The foreground, with its tangle of flow
ers ana parched grass, is particularly good.
Another of Mathews' pictures, Pandora,
shows a female figure opening the tradi
tional box, from whicti escapes a dense
cloud of smoke, in which are dimly out
lined dark figures suggestive of disorder.
This picture is very suggestive, and the
coloring is strong and effective.
Mrs. Arthur Mathers will be represented
by some graceful pastels of country scen
ery and marine bits on the Pacific Coast.
Wilbur A. Reaser is preparing to semi
two good peasant subjects, both of which
are studies in Normandy. One oil paint
ing depicts an old peasant woman, sitting
scraping potatoes before a hearth in a cot
tage interior, and the other picture is a
study of a quaint narrow Normandy
street, with throe women in sabots gossip
ing in the middle distance, and a little
goose-girl driving her flock into the barn.
Misfl Marem A. Froelich is only sending
one picture, which she calls " Giving
Thanks on Palm Sunday."
The subject is a pretty and pathetic one
— an old white-haired woman saying grace
at a lonely and meager table, before a cup
of tea, while over her head hang the palms
from church, which she has twined round
the portrait of one of her beloved dead.
The figure is silhouetted against the cold
trray light from the window, and the
whole picture is painted in a very subdued
key of color.
Aniedee Joullin has not painted any
work especially for the spring exhibition,
but he has several effective studies of sand
dunes, one or more of which he will con
tribute.
L. P. Latimer has abandoned redwoods
for the time being, and has devoted his
attention to several other equally interest
ing features of California scenery. His
picture of woods ami a brook on a smoky
morning is particularly effective. It
shows a stream overhung with forest
trees, and in the distance behind the curve
of the brook the sun is breaking with aj
rnost rainbow tints through the haze that
hangs over the forest. The other oil paint
ing represents a California meadow before
the sun has fully risen. Latimer is also
contributing several water colors to the
exhibition.
Among other contributors are William
Keith ana Mrs. Alice Chittenden.
JEWELERS IN TROUBLE
The Firm of Phelps & Miller
Is Financially Embar
rassed.
A Settlement Said to Have Been
Effected With Eastern
Creditors.
The report was circulated yesterday that
the firm of Phelps & Miller, jewelers, was
financially embarrassed. It was said, how
ever, that a|settlementof the firm's liabili
ties, which are placed at $68,000, had been
reached by Mr. Phelps, who is now in New
York.
This house has been in existence for over
twenty years, and has always maintained
an honorable position in the trade of San
Francisco. It is not thought even now
that the firm will be forced out of business.
The junior member of the firm died some
years ago, and the business has been under
the immediate direction of Mr. Phelps.
The firm has been the local representative
, of a lar?e number of Eastern manufactur
j ers, including the Elgin Watch Company,
the Middletown Plate Company, K. K.
Welsh Manufacturing Company, La Pierre
Company, the Havskea Glass Company,
Krementz Jewelry Company and" the
Gorham Manufacturipg Com pan}'.
Several of these manufacturers with
drew their agencies from Phelps & Miller
some time ago, and as a result an account
i ing was demanded. The firm was unable
I to meet its obligations at once, and Mr.
Phelps and his attorney, George A. Ran
kin, went East to consult with the creditors
and effect a settlement, if possible. A tel
egram was receieved fjom New York yes
teiday to the effect that Phelps & Miller
had agreed to pay 35 cents on the dollar,
and that their creditors were satisfied with
the terms.
The embarrassment of the firm created
some surprise in jewelry circles yesterday.
It had bten known among a select few,
.however, that the firm was in financial
trouble, and if the creditors pressed for a
settlement failure would certainly ensue.
The return of Mr. Phelps from New York
is looked for in a short time.
EQUALS A HOG RANCH.
Residents Annoyed by a Scavenger's
Place Xcar Hamilton Square.
The residents around the block between
Fillmore, Steiner, Sutter and Posts streets
sympathize heartily with the people of
j Bay View Homestead, in South San Fran
i cisco. They have no hog ranches, but
i something which they declare far more
j disagreeable. In the vacant lot bounded
j by the aireets above mentioned refuse
i from the stables and other places about
town is dumped to mix with the evil there
lor gardening' purposes.
The residents near by say that on warm
days and during the evening when the pile
is being stirred the stencil is so bad that
they are obliged to close all their windows
and keep within doors.
J. English,. who lives in that section,
said: '"It is not only the bad smell, but
we have had a great deal of typhoid and
malarial fevers about us since this thine;
has been carried on. We have sent in
complaint after complaint to the Board of
Health, but no action has been taken.
The property belongs to C. C. Butler, and
is now used for a scavengers' headquarters.
In the event of an epidemic lam afraid
we should fare very badly indeed."
James Gibb, a liquor man, who auo
lives there, said: "Not enougn can be said
about the vile place. It is the choicest part
of the City to live in and is surrounded by
lovely homes, yet right under their very
; windows, as you might say, is this sink
hole, tl) rowing out its foul odors and
disease. We have had altogether too much
sickness ahout us for so favorable a local
ity for health. We are getting thoroughly
| tired, am] will probably take new action
i soon."
THE BULWER ELECTION.
Triumph of the New Board Over
the Old After a Hard
Contest.
The Board of Directors of the New
Faction Displaces Kelly With
Turner.
Yesterday occurred the battle for the
control of the Bulwer Mining Company
for the coming year and the opposing clans
were mustered in force. The old regime
wa3 under the command of Hermann
Zadig, the well-known broker and mining
man, while M. Westheimer was at the head
of the New York contingent.
The election was slow. Exceptions to
votes both by proxy and stock were taten
on all Miles.
The Westheimer party declared that the
stock transferred to San Francisco ten days
prior to the election could not legitimately
be voted. The vote on the injunction at 3
p. M. stood 42,210 acainst and 37,675 for,
showinsr a cain for Westheimer.
Here President Zadig declared the meet
ing adjourned for thirty days and the old
board retired from tne scene of battle,
leaving the contestants to proceed as they
would.
They immediately elected J. N. Pew
chairman and A. Krause secretary. Mr.
Tausky, the attorney for the old board,
protested against this action, but his pro
test went by t!;e wind.
The total representation at this election
was 86.310 shares and proxies. By a vote
of 74,067 shaies and proxies (Mr. "Tausky
declining to vote when his name was
called) M. Westheimer, S. L. Ackerman,
L. Klau, F. A very, J. W. Pew, W. H. Met
son and A. Krause were elected directors.
Mr. Tausky objected to the proxies re
maining in the possession of Krause, in
stead of Jacobus, secretary of the old
board. Mr. Jacobus then rose and asked
for the proxies, but was emphatically re
fused. Ihe meeting then adjourned.
The newly elected directors then called
a meetinp in the same room, elected
Westheimer president and Pew secretarj",
and removed the offices to 310 Pine street.
Next they dismissed Superintendent Kelly
•and placed the works in the charge of Mr.
Turner of Bodie. They then adjourned
till 10 o'clock to-day to take legal action.
THE RATIONAL CIRCUIT.
The Bicycle Season to B« Opened at
the May-Day fete.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April B.— Chairman
F. Neece of the bicycle events has received
the following letter and referred it to the
executive committee of the Fabiola floral
fete to be given on May day.
Dear Sir: The National circuit, it Is settled,
will start in California and work eastward
through Arizona, Texas aud the Southern
State*-. It is desired to make the Fubiola floral
fete— May I— a National circuit meet. It would
involve increasing the prizes in the professional
events to attract such men as Cooper, who ar
rives here to-morrow; Coulter, Zeigier, Schel
ski and men of that class, to say $100 for first,
$50 for second and .*'2s for third prize. Very
truly, R. M. Welch.
P. S.— An early reply is desired.
The committee accepted the suggestion
and the necessary appropriation of fqnUs
rvas made \o carry out the affair. This as
sures the presence of many crack riders
here on May day.
Each year the United Btates raises
70,000,000 bushels of beans.
OBJECTS TO SUSPENSIONS
L. W. Kennedy Addresses the
School Directors on the
Subject.
REFERRED TO LADY TEACHEBS
The Charges Against Miss F. L. Soule
Will Be Heard by the
Full Board.
A vigorous protest from L. W. Kennedy,
a former member of the Board of Educa
tion, against ihe present methods of sus
pending pupils of the public schools was
read before the meeting of the Board of
Education last evjening. Mr. Kennedy
said that he thought it unjust and un
reasonable that the various petty offenses
committed by pupils should be treasured
up by teachers until ihe sum total of their
little misdoings was combined to form
one great offense. He was particularly
sarcastic when speaking of young lady
teachers suspendh'.;? boys for things which
no boy of average animal spirits could
avoid, and intimated that many young
female teachers lucked the qualifications
that should place them over classes of
boys. He asked the board to remodel the
ruJes regarding suspension?.
Superintendent Babcock made a spirited
reply, in which he defended the teachers
and said that ho thought the number of
suspensions— l2l during the first six
months of the school year — was remark
ably small considering that there were
33,000 school children in the public schooJs
of San Francisco. The matter was re
ferred to the committee on rules.
Superintendent Babcock notified the
board that W. N. Hailman, Superintend
ent of the Government Indian schools,
had accepted his invitation to hold the
summer institute in San Francisco this
year. The institute will be in session from
August 3 to 8.
The following probationary teachers
were, upon the recommendation of the
Committee on Qualifications of Teachers,
elected regular teachers in the department:
Miss Kflie E. Smith, Hawthorne primary;
Miss Emily L. Whalley, Hawthorne pri
mary; Miss Virginia "V. Deal, Stanford
primary.
A resolution of thanks from the Mission
High School Club to the members of the
board for their action in granting greater
educational facilities to the Mission was
accepted and placed on tile.
Mrs. Josephine Kennedy, a teacher of
sewing in the Franklin Grammar School,
was transferred to the Emerson Primary
School. Mrs. Elizabeth Klink McCoy,
teacher of sewing in the Franklin Gram
mar School was transferred to the place
made vacant by Mrs. Kennedy's transfer.
Miss Julia L. Sexton, a probationary
teacher in the Potrero Primary School,
was transferred to the Dudley* C. Stone
Primary School. C. L. Turner was ap
pointed an assistant teacher in the mathe
matical department of the Polytechnic
Hieh School.
Miss Fannie L. Soule, a teacher in the
Potrero Primary School, was suspended,
pending an investigation of charges pre
terred against her by John Blake, father of
one of the pupils in her class. She is
charged with having punished the child
witn more tuan necessary severity. The
Committee on Qualification of Teachers
reported that it had investigated the mat
ter to ascertain whether there wafs any
basis for the charges, and that a hearing by
the board as a whole was necessary. The
hearing was set for Tuesday evening, the
:21st inst., at 7 o'clock.
NO COLOR LINE RLCOGNIZED.
Big Foot Dave Again Turned Down by
the Officials.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April 8. — Charles
Gordon, alias Big Foot Dave, alias E. Mil
ler, alias E. Thompson, is very indignant
at the local peace officers. Several days
ago he declared he would not ride to and
from court in the patrol wagon subject to
the gaze of the public. Chief Lioyd in
formed him that he would and no back
talk would be taken regarding the matter.
He rode after that.
When Deputy Sheriff Charles White was
about to convey Gordon to court to be ar
raigned he had a colored prisoner to take
also and started to handcuff the two to
pether. Gordon objected and remarked
that he would be blanked blankety blanked
if he would be handcuffed to a ''nigger."
He would scrap first. The officer recog
nized no color line and told Gordon he
would have to submit or "scrap." When
"Big Foot" found the bluff would not go
he became docile and walked to court
handcuffed to the colored man. His pre
liminary examination went over until
next week.
NEW TO-DAT.
FREE
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
i Package Given Each Customer FREE
With Our
MONEY-SAYING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 50c Tea5. ...............C01t 75c elsewhera
Our 40c Teas Cost 60c elsewhere
Our 35c Teas Cost 50c elsewhere
Our 30c Teas.. Cost 40c elsewhere
Our 25c Teas ............. Cost 35c elsewhere
Our 20c Teas Cost 30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Importini Tea Co/s
1344 Market at. S. P.
mm%S~ BS *ZS9 965 Market at., S. P.
l*ZnZ*Mr*Q. 140 Sixth St., S. P.
gmDP 617 Kearny at.. 5. P.
Uflt/ — ' 1419 Polk *t., S. F.
821 Montgomery aye., S. ft
llAUrif 333 Hayes St., S. F.
MONEY" i 46 Nlnth st - s - F -
IllUllkl 218 Third st S.F.
ainiin 2008 Fillmore St., S. P. *
SAVING 2510 Mission St., 5. P.
% * rm ", l " l * 3006 Sixteenth st., S. P.
OTAItrO 104 Second St., 5. F.
STOnES ! 3 - 59 Mission st., S. P.
UIUIII.Ua 52 Market at., S. p.
j^^o^ . — PI 7 Broadway. Oakland.
rjT JMUT 1053 Washington st, Oak'd.
fciilßg 131 San Pablo aye., ( akld.
IBB^^^^ 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland.
1333 Park st, Alameda.
- TRY OUR ■ * r . - ■"
Money-Savins: Prices} A A i.
AT our II flO a 'I-
Money- Stores) *v V Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY. 1
JUST HO MONTHS
That Is the Time That It Took
to Undo What Had
Been Done.
But the Good Work Was Don*
Faithfully and Wei! at
Last.
It is easy enough to be sorry for things that
happen, and quite another thing to "straighten
them out." As the old rhyme puts it:
"Alas! how easily thinjrs go wrong,
A sigh too much or a kiss too long.!'
But, of course, the most sensible thing to do
when you find that things have "gone wrong"
is, instead of sitting down and moaning or
mumping over it, to set to work and see how
soon the damage can be repaired. That axiom
holds good in all the affairs of life, no matter
how trivial or of how great import they may
be. The lesser ills and worries lead to the
larger ones, and the man who tinds a hole in
his money sack never loses a moment in get-
ting it "fixed." But why does he do that with
money and yet with other things quite as im-
portant he will display an air of carelessness
that is too utterly sweet for anything? A rule
never exists unless it has an exception, and
one of the exceptions to this rule of letting the
apparently smail things of this life slip by un-
heeded is S. J. Bailey of Weaverville, Cal. Mr.
Bailey found himself suffering from a nervous
disorder, which when allowed to have fuU
sway produces the most terrifying ills that
humanity has any knowledge of, but instead
of neglecting to t>ee to it he got an efficient
remedy at once. He weut right to the special-
ists at the grand old HUDSON* MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, and as soon as he had placed him-
self in their hands he made the first step in
the right direction. As stated above, Mr.
Bailey was suffering from what would cer-
tainly have proved a terrible malady had it
not been taken hold of promptly, but at the
end of two months this is the cheering and
cheerful letter which he has been able to write
to the specialists who treated him:
Weavebvule, Cal., August 8, 1895.
Hudson Medical Institute, San Francisco, Cal.—
Gentlemen: I will now state that after two months'
treatment with you I feel fully restored to health,
and express my gratitude to you for yon r speedy
aid. 1 also desire to say that any person suffering
from any nervous disorders would be doing them-
selves an injustice not to consult the Hudson Medi-
cal Institute without delay. Yours in health,
S. J. BAILEY.
Straig-nt and right to the point is that manly
expression of thanks and statement of truth.
And if it stood alone it would be worthy of
more comment, but the fact is that many,
many people daily sing the praises of the great
specialists. -.
E. W. Fowler of Karnela, Or., says: "I am
feeling as good now as it is possible for a man
to feel."
Robert Ashursf Jr. of Pinoche: "Have gained
six pounds since commencing treatment. I
would not taite §500 to relapse into the stale I
was in bofore."
S. M. Hooker of Los Angeles: "I now feel as
though I am -cured and a well man."
It is pleasing to hear praise of the good that
you do in this world, and doubtless tne
specialists are glad at the great volume ol
testimony which is continually piling up,
which shows conclusively that if you have a
curable disease "YOf CAN BE CURED MORE
CERTAINLY AND SAFELY at the Hudson
Medical Institute than you can anywhere ou
earth."
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; all functional nervous dis-
eases: St. Vims' dance; hysteria: shaking
palsy; epilepsy; all venereal diseases: all kinds of
blood troubles; ulcers: wastes of vital forces:
rheumatism; goat; eczema: all skin diseases,
irona whatever cauae arising; psoriasis: all blood-
poisoning: varicocele; poison oak; lost or im-
paired manhood; spinal trouble: nervous exhaus-
tion and prostration; Incipient paresis: all kidney
diseases; lumbago; sciatica; all bladder troubles:
dyspepsia; indigestion; constipation; all visceral
disorders, which are treated by the depurating
department. Special Instruments for bladder
troubles.
* * Circular* and testimonials of the
Great Iludyan Sent Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
PROPOSALS.
sSUFPJLjXIHSa
FOR THE
STATE INSANE ASYLUM
AT AGNEWS.
Commencing May 1, 1896, and Ending
September 30, 1896.
■\TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-L' proposals will be received at the office of the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum at Agnews. No. 82 East Santa Clara
street, Kan Jose, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL 21, 1896. and at the Asylum at
Agrnews up to 10:30 o'clock a. m. of WEDNES-
DAY, APRIL 22. 1896 (Asylum time), for furnish-
in;; supplies for said Asylum for the six months
commencing May 1, 1896, and ending September
30, 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
schedule, and to be delivered as ordered:
Groceries. ■-. iV,5%
6COO pounds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen Bath Brick.
; 1000 pounds Crackers, Soda, net weight.
250 pounds Corn Starch, Kingsford's, 1-pound
papers.
400 pounds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Candles, Stearic Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounces.
50 gallons Coal Oil, 150 degrees test.
48 pounds Chocolate, Eagle. 1-pound papers.
100 ponnds Germea.
3000 pounds Hominy, large.
15 gross Matches, Diamond Match Co.'s three
noes. Safety.
4 dozen bottles Lucca OH, quarts, Cross & Black-
well. : .
2 dozen bottles Olive Oil. Quito farm, Goodrlch's
large.
600 ponnds Pearl Barley, No. 3.
300 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed, in barrels.
3 boxes Raisins, 3-crown loose, 50-pound boxes.
5000 pounds Rice, .Sandwich Islands, No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Peas.
9000 pounds Sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
15.000 pounds Sugar, Golden C.
200 pound* Sugar, cube. :
200 pounds Sugar, powdered. '
1200 gallons byrup, Golden, SO gallons to the
ifcSndsXioWa^.^ X *- Bd ««•
•200 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Sauce, Lea 4 Per-
rin's. pints.
6 cases Oysters, 13 ounces, No. 1, Farren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli. \l
, 1000 pounds Macaroni, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net. "^ v
1000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 35-ponnd
boxes, net . w
Canned Goods.
10 cases Canned Apricots, standard, gallons,
" 10 cases Canned Corn. Window's.
10 cases Canned Peaches, standard, gallons,
3 cases Jellies, assorted. ia-u«»uB.
Dried Fruit.
2000 pounds Dried Apples, sliced, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached, No. 1.
100 pounds Dried Currants, /.ante, No 1
1000 pounds Dried Peaches, bleached. No. 1.
to 7 T PoUndB - rled I>rane9 ' Callforn ' a French, 60
Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc , .
1000 pounds Coffee, Java. '
4000 pounds Coffee. Guatemala.
1600 founds Chicory. .
No°4. pounds Tea. A. Schilling * Co'i Popular
No^T' ponnds Tea. Diamond M., E. B. Congou,
gK Wb'/c'SIS' Powder ' Pioneer or Golden
Co'sb^r^poun^S Kr ° Und - A - BchlUlng *
be^'-pound 1 8 n 5 r> gr ° UD<l - A ' Schmia « * C °-' 8
CoTbeT 3? P o I nKs. ground. • A. Schilling &
Co 's best. 3-pound cans.
_ 250 pounds Pepper, black, . ground. A. Schilling
&Co.'sbest. 3-pound cans. . • •:,-,,.
2 cozen bottles Extract of Lemon. A. Schilling
<fc Co. 's best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
_ 2 dozen bottles Extract of Vanilla, A. Schilling
& Co. best triple, 32-ounce bottles. . -
Fresh Beef. Mutton. Etc.
, 100 POO pounds, Fresh Beef, No. 1. all steers,
Irom 800 pounds to 700 pounds, delivered In sides.
5000 pounds No. 1 Fresh Mutton, delivered
whoi'L ..- -' .-■ '.:;,_ --=., ■ -....-..- ■.. . ■■■■•:■■■
350 ft pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal, dressed, delivered
whole. .
Roll Batter.
2500 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter,
, ■--. ■ .
PROPOSALS— ...» _ _
Keg Butter. -I
10.000 pounds First class California Keg
Butter. .
Eggl.
4000 dozen Fresh California Ergs.
.' . • • ■ Potatoes. . .vy.,.
110,000 pounds No. 1 Burbank Potatoes.
Hams, Bacon, lard and Pork.
600 pounds Bacon, Light Breakfast, bidden to
state brands.
2500 pounds Hams, bidders to state brands. .
1000 ponnds Lard, Pare Leaf, in tierces.
6 barrels Salt Pork, extra clear.
Salt Fish.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 fish or less to case, last
catch.
5 half-barrels Mackerel, No. 1, 100 pounds net
each barret - .
Fresh Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, No. 1 assorted.
Salt.
8000 pounds Fine Dairy Salt.
Floor, Grain, Etc,
15,000 pounds Ground Barley.
6000 pounds Corn MeaL
6000 pounds Cat Meal, extra.
6000 pounds Cracked Wheat.
25,000 pounds Bran.
3 barrels Rolled Oats.
600 barrels Flour, bakers' extra,
2400 pounds Graham Flour. '
6000 pounds Wheat.
Chewing Tobacco.
POO pounds Drummond Tobacco Company's
Horse Shoe. .
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
350 pound* Plug Cut, in 1-pound packages; bid-
I ders to submit samples.
> 6 gross Clay Pipes. 1 . D.
Soap, Lye and Soda.
125 boxes of star of Kitchen Soap, 20 ban to
.the box.
20 boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 ban to
I the box.
1500 pounds Laundry Soap, TUeher'a.
200 cans Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans.
Laundry Supplies.
1 case Chloride of Lime. 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Soda, 24 ten-pound cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, Vi twenty-pound cans.
5 pounds Blueing, Aniline K.
350 ooundg Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand.
200 pounds Wheat Starch, fifty-pound boxes.
25 pounds Japan Wax.'
2000 pounds Sal Soda.
Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amoskeag, A. O. A., 88
Inches wide.
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 Inches wide.
300 yards Denims, Pearl River Indigo Blue, 8S
Inches wide. .. ■ . ■ , . ; :
500 yards Sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unbleached.
100 yards Pequot, 5-4 bleached.
800 yards Pequot, 7-4 bleached. ;V.
600 yards Peqoot, 7-4 unbleached.
300 yards Muslin, Lonsdale, 36 Inches wide.
200 yards Prints, 32 Inches wide. >
100 yards Ginghams, Amoskeag, staple, assorted
colors. ■
2 dozen Corsets, large size.
6 dozen Corset Steels.
2 dozen Steel Thimbles, large sites.
6 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
50 pounds Darning Cotton.
. 6 dozen Bedspreads, white.
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
10 dozen Combs, dress.
6 dozen Combs, fine.
125 dozen Clark's O. N. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
! numbers and colors.
:> dozen Handkerchiefs. ladies'.
20 dozen Handkerchiefs, men's Turkey red, 34
inches.
5 dozen Hairpins. K. & 8.. assorted. No. 100.
M dozen pair Ladles' Hose, gray mixed.
1000 dozen Needles, MUlward's assorted six**.
2 gross Pins. Wallace A Sons, No. F. S. C-, 3\%.
20 gross Buttons, pants.
6 irross Buttons, horn, coat and rest.
'.'5 gross Buttons, agate, dress and shirt, No. 40.
Clothing.
100 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Bocks.
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton flannel lined, lee
30 to 34, waist 32 to 44.
8 dozen pair Suspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Brushes.
4 dozen Hair Floor Brushes.
2 dozen Counter Brushes.
5 dozen Scrub Brushes.
1 dozen shoe Brushes.
8 dozen Combix.utlon Mop Handles.
Brooms.
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind, No. 1, Excelsior.
1 dozen Whisk Brooms, 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates, 8-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates, 8-inch. -'■•'--.; •
. 3 dozen Vegetable Dishes, 9-lnetv
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch.
6 dozen Sauce Dishes, small.
12 dozen Cups and Saucers.
6 dozen Glass Tumblers.
Tinware.
_ 5 dozen Galvanized Iron Buckets, 8 gallons, No.
24 Iron.
6 dozen Galvanized Iron Chambers, B*A-ineh
top, 7-inch bottom. 6V a inches high, No. 26 iron,
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin.
1 dozen tin Coffee Pots. 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans. 2 gallons, XX tin.
1 dozen Sonp Cans, 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
Wood.
200 cords Pine Wood. - Said wood shall net be
under 6 Inches or over 10 inches In thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1.
Engine-Boom Coal.
160 tons Engine- Room Coal, 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and welshed en
Asylum scales.
Gas Coal.
100 tone Gas Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality. .
To be delivered in carload lota and weighed en
Asylum scales. . *
Range Coal.
40 tons screened coal. 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots- and weighed on
Asylum scales. ' a
The above-named articles are all to be of the
best qualities, subject to the approval of the
Medical Director, . and to be delivered at the
Asylum at such times and in such quantities as he
may desire. And It Is expressly understood that
if a greater or less quantity of any article than
above mentioned shall be required by the Medical
Director, the same shall be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price. ■ •
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest
responsible bidder, and no bid will be- received or
considered unless accompanied by a certified
check in an amount equal to 10 per cent of the bid
or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
to the people of the State of California as settled
fixed and liquidated damages in case the bidder to
whom the award of contract is made shall fall or
refuse to enter Into such contract and furnish such
bonds for the faithful performance of the same as
the Board of Trustees may require within five
days after such award. Supplies only to be re-
ceived between Ba. m. and 4p. m. Separate bids
will be received for— -• r "'**■
GROCERIES.
MACARONI AND VERMICELLI.
CANNED GOOD&
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE, TEA. SPICES, ETC.
FRESH BEh.F. MUTTON, ETC:
ROLL BUTTER.
KEG BUTTER.
EGGS.
potatoes. -
hams bacon, laud a.2td pork.
salt Fish.
FRESH fish.
SALT. ■■■••• •■ .
FLOUR, GRAIN, ETC. '
CHEWING TOBACCO.
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPE*.
SOAP, LYE AND SODA.
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING.
BRUSHES.
BROOMS.
CROCK KRY AND GLASSWABB.
TINWARE. .
wood. .■•■; -'-■■
ENGINE-ROOM coal,
GAS COAL.
RANGE COAL. . .
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any m
all bids.
Payments to be made monthly, In cash, when
there is money in the Treasury for such pay.
raents, and when there is no : money in the
Treasury, payment to be made out of the first
money in the Treasury applicable for that pur-
pose- • . •
Bids to be addressed to T. S. Montgomery, No. 32
East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Cat., Secretary
of the Board of Trustees of the state Insane Asy-
lum at Agnews, and indorsed on envelope. 'Propo-
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
mark on envelope the class of supplies . bid on
Envelopes and blank bids may be obtained by ar>
plyingto the Secretary. A stparaU envelope tciU
be d for each bid. ¥ ■
Samples of articles, showing the character and
quality thereof required, except such as are per-
ishable, may be seen at the storeroom of the
Asylum. . .
The attention of bidders is called to the following
section from the Political Code of the stato-
Section 3235. "No supplies of any kind or
character for the benefit of the State or to be nald
by any moneys appropriated, or to be appropri-
ated, by the State, manufactured or grown tn this
State, which are in whole or in part the product of
Mongolian labor, shall be purchased by the officials
for this State having control of any public Institu-
tion under the control of the State, or of any
county, city and county, city or town thereof." i
In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate
the award It has been resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms furnished by the
secretary. . * ~
Parties will please carry out the sum total for
each article and add up the same, so that the gross
wm°noJ Kn^der^ " % BtaMe! ° the ™ Uo &
in^v&^i h :t 1 5SwS-*? Mlm ot *• *■••
. Dated San Jose, March !55, 1896
no. T. 8. MONTGOMERY, Becr-t*ry
ISO. 32 East Santa Clara street, San JoVeVcsZ"WISE HAS GONE
TO SAM RAINEY
Raineyites Take Him Into
Camp and Count on
Victory.
OTHER CONVERTS WON.
The New Lanigan Combination
in the Junta Lcoks Sick
for a Minute.
THICKENING PULLS AND PLANS
The Backleyites Are Gstting Ready
to Break Out Again and Whoop
Up Their End.
Something new has happened again in
the wonderful three-ring local Democratic
circus.
Rainey and Daggett have cinched their
grip on the Junta by taking Collector
John H. Wise into their camp.
There has been for some time little if
any question of Rainey's mastery of the
Junta, but two weeks ago the anti-Rainey
ites, which same are Gavin McNab and
Chairman W. P. Sullivan for all practical
purposes, thought they had made a ten
strike and'beaten Rainey out by making a
combination with Ed Lanigan in t tie in
terest of pure politics. Lanigan. with his
tixty votes in the general committee,
bad waited for bids and when it was an
BDsolute certainty that without Lanigan
the McXab-Suliivan side was gone, they
made terms with him by agreeing to give
him a show to become the local Demo
cratic boss and to run locul Democratic
politics.
That was the last move in the hard
jtarne for mastery being played in the
Junta. Then it was Rainey's move. Now
be has moved, and now it's the turn of
"the inside" to get excited and make an
other play.
When Lanigan lined up with McNab
and Sullivan the anti-Raineyites took part
and the Raineyites saw that they would
need a few more votes to save their necks.
They hustled, ligurcd and connubiated.
They looked longingly at John H. "Wise.
The political friends of the CoJlector and
his own sympathies are mainly with
the Buck]eyite>, hut he has quite a number
of friends in the Junta organization and
he can swing there a bunch of votes of un-
certain size.
His "friends" are of course mainly those
bread-and-butter friends— job-holders— on
■which politicians who control patronage
can most safely rely. A. P. Rhoades,
■lember of the general committee from
the Thirty-fifth District, has a job in the
Custom-bouse, and ia a sort of political
manager for Wise. In the Thirty-second
are V. H. Harrison, who works in the
Custom-house, and Timothy Donovan,
Whose Bon does. These two named the
twenty-five delegates from that district.
In the Thirty- first is George Love, who is
in the»Cu«tom-houi-e under Surveyor \V.
D. English. There are other Wise men
ecattered through the districts. These
men and their iriends in the committee,
who are supposed to be largely controlled
by them, number thirty or tnirty-five.
Not all of this number could 'be pulled
over to the Rainey-DaKßett side, but Wise
could undoubtedly throw or help throw a
very large majority of them, through the
all-powerful patronage power of a man
who can give jobs. If Wise sticks by the
arrangement just effected, the Rainey-
Dajrgett side is a sure victor.
Wise has not consented to the deal be
cause he loves John Dazgett. These two
Democrats give each other the green eye.
One thing that paves the way is the fact
that all of Carlisle's servants out here
must stand together for Carlisle and gold.
The;», Wise likes recognition, even in a
Junta delegation to a btate convention.
Enough has been offered him to induce
him to take it and he has lined up with
the refct of the Federai brigade, and at the
big end.
The fact that "Wipe is a member of the
Buckley general committee along with
Harry doesn't cut any figure. He is not
rarrow-niinded politically, and he, can as
well get in and ride a few miles with the
Junta too in the interest of the party.
But then the capture of Wise is not all
that the Kainey-Daggett people have been
doing by a long ways. They have been
quietly working and reaching with the
Etirewdnesa that comes with long political
experience and with an industry .that
knows no weariness.
They have kept books on everybody and
kept cases on every move of the" "inside."
They know the peditrree of every member
of the general committee— who are his un
cles, cousins and au»t3; who their friends
are, bis business interests, his ambitions,
and every possible way in which a strong
and quiet pull can be brought to bear on
him. They have thus quietly captured
many committeemen, whose conversion is
yet unsuspected by the anti-Raineyites.
Some captures already known have
raralyzed McNab ana Sullivan. One was
Jhat of George Gallagher of the Thirty
fourth, who has just gone over the fence.
Gallagher was In the Deuprey committee,
and when at the time of the primary he
was found in a minority and the ma
jority nominated a ticket that left him off.
Chairman Sullivan valiantly stood by him
and made up a ticket which he forced
through arbitrarily and for which he let
Gallagher name seven delegates. Sullivan
was heartsick when th« news was borne to
him.
Jack Welch and his friends of the
Twenty-eighth have been counted on
eurely by McNab and Sullivan, especially
«ince the deal with Lanigan, because Wel
barn was counted on to hold his deputy
in place. But Welch was appointed by
Welburn for Maguire, in pursuance of an
agreement between \Velburn and Maguire
that the latter should have some patron
rup. Welch was recommended to Matruire
by people now witu the Rainey-Daggett
bide. Welch is said to be ready to jump
the traces if Welburn should put on the
«cre*s, and Welburn seems to be fighting
mighty shy of having anything to do with
anybody while this fuss is on. vVelch is
perbonallv an old friend of Rainey's, and
it is said" that Welch will go with the
Rainey crowd.
So it goes. At headquarters everybody
is suspicious of everybody else. The
Rainey-Da :j»ett people are piling up their
strength and are confident.
Unless McNab and Sullivan see that
they are beaten and work things around
in some new way a mighty battle for
which both sides are preparing will break
at the first met ting of the general commit
tee, and when it is over Rainey will he
master of the field. Com. dent of a major
ity since Lunigan's arrival, Chairman
r-'ullivan has figured on calling a meeting
for next week and cracking through a
procramme thai will bury Rainey.
That meeting has many interesting pos-
Bibiiiti«s. There being yet no representa
tion from the Forty-fourth District there
are 41i5 members of the general commit
tee. It would bt an exceptionally large
meeting if 350 were present. The Ilainey-
Pagpett people will have every last man
there. The anti-Rainey people "are not all
of the sort sure to be on hand. Tbeßainey
itea figure up 215 votes. It will be a merry
time.
The first battle will come up in the
Forty-fourth District. In that district
George Maxwell, Rainey's chief lieuten
ant, fairly elected twenty-five delegates at
a fairly and regularly conducted primary.
Chairman aullivan* recognized the right
of the Maxwell side, but arbitrarily de
clared that as a matter of expediency the
Raineyites could be given but twelve dele
gates, and he appointed thirteen, giving
Maxwcil twelve. Maxwell has not ac
cepted this, and will battle to have his
twenty-live seated. The Raineyites need
a majority to seat Maxwelf, and when his
delegation is in their majority will be
twenty-live larger. Since Maxwell has re
fused to accept half a loaf McNab and
Sullivan have declared that they will ap
point twenty-rive and seat them.
The next tight will be over the adoption
of a constitution The committee now
working on one belongs to McXab, Sul
livan and Lanigan, the Raineyites having
but one or two of its members.
The majority will report a constitution
providing for an executive committee with
absolute powers, to be appointed by the
chair, for appointing convention delegates,
for a two-thirds vote to amend the consti
tution and for other things that would
keep the power securely in the hands of
the "inside" if they could secure a ma
jority at the one meeting.
A minority report will oe handed in by
the one or two Raineyites. It will provide
for primaries, for an" executive committee
to be elected in the districts, for district
club control of primaries, including the
appointment of election officers and gener
ally carrying out the policy of district
home rule in contrast to the McNab-Sulli
van policy of headquarters rule. The Bide
with the most votes will select the consti
tution and determine the deatiny of the
Junta.
The "inside" wants to appoint delegates
and knows that at a primary the "outside"
would win everything. The Rainey-Dag
gett people are out for a primary.
Dageett left last night for Siskiyou
County, where he will stay two weeks.
Rainey is still farther in the other direc
tion, but their able lieutenants will carry
on the battle all right and both will be
back when the light is over.
That A. P. A. charge is still part of
Gavin McNab's troubles. Buckleyiteskeep
repeating the insinuation and McNab has
printed several thousand dodgers present
ing the letter he recently wrote to a local
j uper denying that either he or Chairman
Gould belonged to the A. P. A.
Braunhart is still full of trouble in the
Twenty-ninth, where he is waging with the
Phiiistines a risky battle for political right
eousness. Recently Braunhart has been
guardedly making overtures to Daggett
through Daggctt's people it is reported.
It is told that when the news was told to
Daggett, who dislikes Braunhart and who
had heard of Braunhart's overtures to
Dick Creighton, he said: "Well, if Dick
Creighton wouldn't have him, I don't want
him."
The Junta will indorse Maguire at its
first meeting.
The Buckleyites are getting ready to
break out again and whoop things up.
Buckley came to town to attend the funeral
of Georpe 11. B. Hayes, and will stay a few
days. He is not going to Europe. A con
ference of district representatives will be
held to-night, at which the date for a
meeting of the general committee next
week will be decided on. It will probably
be held next Thursday evening.
At tnat meeting an executive committee
will be created, but in deference to the
sentiment in the faction against this con
centration of power the committee will be
required to report to the general body
every two weeks and submit its acts for
approval. The committee of ninety will
thus have less power than is generally
given to executive committees.
The preparations for the coming pri
mary to elect a contesting delegation to
the State Convention will be advanced.
The date for the primary, now fixed for
June 6, will be changed "to ono three or
four days earlier, and arraneements will
be made to carry on the additional regis
tration and start going the district club
meetings necessary to keep the machinery
in motion. At the meeting there will also
be arranged a series of district mass-meet
ings, which will be kept up until the con
vention meets.
Ex-Postmaster Bell Is Sick.
There was a disappointed crowd in Judge
Low's court yesterday afternoon. They had
gathered to hear the interesting developments
of George H. Bell, the ex-postmaster of Carson
City, in his case against the clairvoyants, Pro
fessors Van de Vere and Eugene. Prosecuting
Attorney Madden asked for a continuance till
to-murrow afternoon, as Mr. Bell was sick and
unable to be present. The requestwas granted,
end Attorney Mack abked for a reduction in
the amount of bail for his clients. The Judge
reduced the bonds from $5000 to $3000.
• — •— • —
Sleeting la the Forty-First To-Nlght.
A Republican meeting will ba held this
evening under the auspices of the Republican
Executive Council Club of the Forty-first As
sembly District. All Republican voters of the
district are cordially invited to be present.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HUTEL.
T \V Gerlach, Stockton W C Waters, Watson vllle
J Keck, Fla J 1> Lord, S»cto
J 11 Kobens. Bacto E R Hinclcley. Oakland
V W Hartley, Vacavlile SV Wilson, Vacavilie
W A Mendt'rson&w.Cal W M Gibson, Stockton
W H Welch, Oakland J A Haskell, Cal
B X Adams, Nupa T X Adams, Napa
Miss Kden, -..n Jose Mrs. Eden, .-a;t Jose
Frank Jackson, SunJoge 1) X Curtis. Cal
Mrs (urtis, Cal Mrs A S Cornish, Cal
H li M ■•<■..■-. Ktllnaa H A Justis, Bakersii«ld
Jll Hoover, %\ illiams A H Younglove <fe w.X V
A B Jones. Seattle JI H Patten, Los Ang
W Johnston, Courtland O 11 Squires, N V
T A Weld, Kutherfora J M HendricKs *w, Cal
G G Byrne." Sta Cruz X H Grigs*, Stanford
Mrs Griggs. Stanford T B Stickle, Angels
Dr Freeman, suiter Crk J M CnrpemerJr,>K Louis
Mrs JMCarprnter.s Louis MrsAMCarpenter.SLouis
C Wunsrwi, : os Ang T A Ramsay, Redwood
J D Tait, Sacto W il Mitchell, IMnubo
T M Bovd, Xapa C M Wilhelra, Newark
J B 1 urrlll, Newark J F Parkinson. Palo Alto
C JacoDson, Cal X B Fox, Redwood City
C Knckson.fin Lois Ob PA Buell, Stockton
P G Akers <fc w.Truckee J L Phelpa. Stockton
S X Latta, Stockton p Musto, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTEL- ': t;' •
G W Phelps, Uklab. B Peterman, Hay wards
J M Pike, Napa A M Beecber, V 8 N"
0 J Campbell Jr. Vtllejo W Mattoou&w.Belvedere
A Jussman. X V Mrs W M Bebasv, NY
B C Holly, Vallejo Miss M X McClellan, NY
II M Doty, Biggs Miss E 8 McCiellan, X V
1' 1) Cobb. .-'.>> -..r-.n C X Thompson, Chicago
F R Bell, Chicago D E Snyder & w, Ind
B!' Barker, Llvermor* JII \Ya,rner& w, Oakland
Bertie Dyar, X V O \V Phelj'S, UkJah
G It Sage & w, C 8 A £ J Cal dwell. Salt Lake
H Snerwood, Fresno J U Lyndon, San Jose
11 B Smith <t w, X V W R .spinney & w, N V
R F Howard, Stockton J M M attoon, Belvedere
N A .button, Boston 1> Henderson, Chicago
George Lang, an Jose J X Hayes, Los Angeles
Dll Kttien, Pasadena J Miller, a evada City
M.Us B Miller, .Nevada Cy
PALACE HOTEL.
T J McCabe, H V D Gordon. Albany
W H Bucher, Chicago W t Oeary & w, Sacto
L W Breuan, Mich J 0 Hopkins, N V
C L Armstrong, N V T Bueli & w.Woonsocket
N Ehrman, Panama L Powell, N V
D 8 Murray. Salt J.ake Cbas WooJ, N V
Miss A X Wood. NY J W Wagner. Holllater
J I; Ross & w. Mass Miss U Rons, Mass
T J Tufis A w. 111 T A Rippey, Bosion
RtiraUain. Los Angeles W McLangion, New Mcx
J Ii Peakes. Stockton N Smith &. w, 8»n Rafael
A Thomas. Raymoud M X Uraves, N V
R X < >je. hpokane -"I II Greenbaum, Ky
C H Barry <fe w. Cnlcago C J L Myers, Mich
V 11 Buck. Vacaville Dr J W BUII, VacavllU
J McUallney&w, Bosioa E Powell <& w. Pa.
Miss I'owell, Pa O Mitchell, N V
Mr.i J Burke, S»n Jose C W Armour, N V
Miss A W Armour, N V Mrs J 11 Cumy, Lyons
W It Bowman, R V \V R Peters. N V
W Van Zandt, NY H Wilder, N V
J R Chasf, Santa Crnz A Martln?z.Cen America
Jin Martlne7..C America Mrs J Newton, Wash
1, H Howe, N V
. i - ' LICK HOUSE.
A X Wnltton, Ran Jose Frank Kernstiug, Cal
\V Lam pert, Sacramento II 1., Peeler & w, tsacio
X Caughcy, San Jose :L L Witney, Montana
C Borger, Campo Seco 11 C llowland <ft \v, N M
M M. Uragg. Monterey A Levy & Half moon B
O B KalzensUin, Sacto T Stirling, Arizona -
JII Bceclter, Colorado J Dougherty, San Jose
Mrs Alt Bryan, Napa J B Melocke, Madera
C B Wilcox & w, Chicago J T Fox, Stockton
W T Carter. Chicago .J B Arnold, Rutherford
P O Rickey. Chico ;. v; : .
NEW* WESTERN HOTEL.
P H Barry, Angel Island II Krohuke, Alameda
V Darona, Sonoma •• P McKinley, Alcatruz
F O I'urgess, Angel laid T Tuck, Bakersfleld
W Brockman, Tracy • OH Sterling, Los Anc
Mrs Dr Weiner, Little W V Jarrd, Carson City
Valley ■■■'-- '-■ ' ■ Miss X Abbott, San Jose
Mrs Dr" Bouts, Chamber- W T Broniu, Sacramento
town * Mrs DrSaulter, Cham ber-
II C aewell, Los Angeles town
For sore or weak eyes use Mitchell's Maffic
Lotion. Gives quick relief and strength. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
ALL RICHMOND
WILL BE THERE
Western Addition Citizens
a Unit for an Owl
Service.
WANT CHEAPER TRANSIT
The Mass-Meeting Has Been
Postponed Until Next
Wednesday Night.
MR. FLETCHER SCORES VINING.
Says the Superintendent Was Im
ported to Disrupt the Street
car System.
The mass-meeting of the Richmond resi
dents to protest against the indignities
heaped upon them by the Market-street
Company, and at the same time to ask the
Sutro and Sutter-gtreet railways for an
"owl" service, promises to be a big suc
cess. Every man in the district is en
thused over the project, and promises to
lend his presence to the important gath
ering.
It has been determined, however, to
postpone the meeting until next Wednes
day, April 15. This action is due to a pre
viously advertised meeting of the Point
Lobos Club for the same evening, when
the 3-cent-fare proposition is to be dis
cussed. By combining the two meetings,
it is contended by those most deeply in
terested that better results will be accom
plished.
"I am glad to see that Mr. Sutro has so
readily agreed to the proposition of an owl
schedule— in fact, I would have been
much disappointed had he done other
wise," said George R. Fletcher, president
of the Point Lobos Improvement Club,
yesterday. "We anticipate some little
trouble with the Sutter-street people, but I
rather think they will wheel into line
later on.
"A late-car service is not by any means
the least of the evils we have to contend
with. A cheaper fare is needed, and I
believe that we will get it—not now, possi
bly, but before many months. But certain
it is, that unless we ask for it, nay, de
mand it, the railroad people would never
voluntarily do such a thing.
"It seems to me that Mr. Vining has
been especially irr ported into this City to
disrupt the street railroads. No one who
has watched the trend of events will ques
tion the statement that he has given his
whole time to the matter and succeeded
beyond his wildest hopes. The average
patron of the Market-street Company is
not able to grasp the intellectual transfer
system inaugurated by the recently im
ported superintendent.*
"It is a cortceded fact that the more
houses built in a district the more travel
on the cars, which means a more rapid
schedule, but Vining, in the greatness of
his own mind, has reversed this order of
things; he has crippled the service and so
handicapped us generally that nearly the
whole district is ready to say to him,
' Take off the rest.'
"YininK could do the company he at
present so ably misrepresents a valuable
service if he would do away with the en
tire transfer system, making the single
fare over any one road 3 cents, or two
fares for 5 cents. I do rot consider this
too little, for it has been demonstrated to
every one's satisfaction that it will pay to
have fares at that price. None of the
transfer lines receive more than 2y% cents
for each passenger, and in many instances
a great deal less than this.
"It is to right for this very thing that the
Point Lobos Club will hold a big demon
stration next Wednesday. lam glad this
owl system came up, for it will give us an
opportunity to test the new electric line
and its connecting link. I firmly believe
the Sutter-Btreet people will respect our
petition by giving the scheme a month's
trial if nothine more. I am sure, how
ever, that at the end of thirty days they
will be only too glad to continue it. At
the last meeting of the club the following
resolution was passed:
Itcaolved, That this cl uh and the people of the
Richmond district pledge themselves to use
their best endeavors to have inserted in the
platform of the political parties a plank pledg
ing the candidates to the Senate and Assembly
to introduce and carry through the coining
Legislature a bilf that no streetcar shflll carry
more passengers than there ar3 seats for In the
car, and that the price of a single fare on any
street railroad shall not exceed 3 cents, or
shall be 2 fares for 5 cents.
••There is not a resident in all Richmond
opposed to this, or at least I have failed to
find any. When the matter is again taken
up at the general mass-meeting Wednes
day night I have an idea that its echo will
reach the Montgomery and Market-street
office with such force as to cause imme
diate favorable action on the part of Mr.
Vining and his assistants. I don't think
we will be forced to wait for the Legisla
ture to act.
"However, Butro and the Butter-street
Railway hold the real Key to the situation.
If they would come down to a 3-cent fare
from here to the City Hall and ferry it
would practically paralyze three lines
now operated by the Market-street Com
pany. The feeline is so intense now that
people would walk blocks to drop a nickel
or a S-cent piece into some competing
company's pocket."
T. G. Parker, the real estate agent, said
last night he had talked to scores of people
during the day and they were all in sym
pathy with the movement. He said the
mass-meeting would be a representative
one, such in fact as could not be over
looked by Mr. Sutro. *Mr. Parker said he
felt confident that the railroad would
adopt the "owl car," and that a reduction
in fares would come in a very short while.
FAIRMOUNT DISTRICT.
A Section Unanimously In Favor
of a Three-Cent
Fare.
The Richmond people, who are now
making tbeir influence felt at the head
quarters of the Market-street Railroad
combination for a reduction in carfare to
3 cents, have active co-workers in the
Fairmount section.
Peter T. Seculovich, president of the
Mission-streetand Precita Valley Property
owners' Improvement Club, who has been
a resident of the Fairraount District for
thirty years and a resident of this City for
forty-three years, is in hearty sympathy
with the Richmond Club for a reduction
in carfare. When interviewed on the sub
ject yesterday he said:
The improvement in the propelling power of
streetcars from horse to cable and electricity,
together with the increased population, which
gives more patronage to the gigantic corpora
tion justifies the reduction, and besides this
the late R. B. Woodward said, during the time
he owned the Mission-street car live that lie
would grow rich on a iJi'-cent fare.
This is proof that a 3-cent fare is sufficient at
this day, and at that fare the railroad com
panies ought to be satisfied.
It is the intention of Mr. Seculovich to
call a meeting of the club of which he is
president to take active measures in har
mony with the Fairmount people to force
the companies to a reduction, and if this
is not done an appeal to the Legislature
will be had.
M'GOWAN CONVICTED.
Guilty of Aiding the Transportation of
Contraband Opium.
Thomas McGowan, who keeps a saloon
at 119 Second street, this City, was found
guilty by a jury in the United States Dis
trict Court of aiding in the transportation
of unstamped opium. The verdict was ac-
companied by a recommendation for
mer^y. Judge Morrow wili sentence the
prisoner on Monday.
From the evidence presented it appeared
that on August 19, 1895, McGowan went to
Benicia, where he met a man named
Keenan. The latter asked him to ship
two boxes belonging to him tohis(Mc-
Gowan's) address in this City, and hold
the boxes until he called for them.
McGowan took the boxes to the ex
press office and got a shipping receipt.
Officer Hyde had the boxes opened, and
found they, contained 324 cans of contra
band opium valued at $1800. The story
told by McGowan to the effect that he re
ceived the boxes from a man named
Keenan, and that he had no knowledge of
what they contained, evidently carried
little weight with the jury, as it was out
only a short time when a verdict was
reached. It is thought McGowan was the
tool of a gang of opium-smugglers.
CADETS GIVEN A FLAG
League of the Cross Boys Hon
ored by a Young Ladies'
Sodality.
Successful Gathering of St. Brendan's
Parish Young Pecple Held in
P.oueer Hail.
Pioneer Hall was crowded last night on
the occasion of a presentation of an Amer
ican flag to Company H, League of the
Cross Cadets, by young ladies of St. Bren
dan's parish. The seating capacity was
taxed to its utmost, and all
through the evening great enthusiasm
prevailed. Company II occupied chairs
in the front at one side, while across the
middle aisle were seated the young ladies
and the junior branch ot the league in St.
Brendan's parish — some hundreds of boys
pledged to temperance.
Father Nugent, the pastor, with Rev.
Fathers O'Ryan and Ramra, were on the
platform. Thomas H. Fallon, president
of the League; James J. (Jildea, president
of St. Mary's Cathedral branch, and
oflicers of St. Brendan's branch also had
seats on the plattorna. William Breslin
presided.
The proceedings opened with ensemble
singing of "Yeni Creator" in the English
version. Father O'Ryan led in the open
ing prayer, ond after that the entertain
ment was purely of a secular character.
Messrs. Lysett and Cadagan gave a cornet
duet, Henry Dinan sang "Jerusalem,"
and Mr. Han?en delighted the audience
with descriptive songs.
The chairman announced that the most
interesting part of the performance would
then take place. This was the presenta
tion of an exquisitely finished silk flag
bearing the new arrangement of stars.
Miss Mamie Prime presented it, saying:
Mr. chairman, fathers and members of Com
pany H : In tho name of the sodality of the
Children of Mary of i-t. Brendan's parish, I
avail myself of this opportunity of testifying
to the members of Company II our desp appre
ciation of the good work done by the League
of the Cross Cadets.
May their efforts always receive the encour
ugement which they merit. We shall be ever
ready to assist our cadets that they may grow
to be a body of temperate, noblemen, an'honor
to their pariih, loyal subjects of the country.
As a small token of our esteem we beg of
them to accept this flag. As they look upon
it may it recall to their minds those heroic
men who fought and died lor the old flag. May
such noble examples incite our young cadets
to emulate the virtues of those who maae and
preserved us a nation.
As prosperity has marked the course of our
country's flHg, so may success attend every
effort of Company H.
Captain Powers of Company H received
the Hag and returned thanks in an appro
priate speech, lie said:
Members of the children of Mary Sodality:
In accepting this beautiful flag in the name of
Company H I wish to extend to you our
heartfelt thanks. It is a gift whicti we shall
forever cherish, the flag of our country, the
beautiful stars and stripes, which huve floated
over this free land for ihe past century and a
quarter and which shall forever be looked
upon as the flag of liberty so long as young
Americans can light for it.
The interest and enthusiasm which the
members of this company have shown and the
presentation of this beautiful flag evinces the
lovo they have for the stars and stripes;
and the patriotism which they have shown is
the true patriotism which comes from the
heart. Ami although young in years you may
rest assured if our country needed our services
to-morrow we would be ready to march to
victory or death under that flag.
No gift could be presented to us which we
would appreciate more than this beautiful
emblem, which we shall look upon always
with pride. That flag which has been carried
victoriously through numberless battles, and
for which thousands upon thousands of our
countrymen laid down their lives in defend
ing. It is with pleasure that wo look upon it.
One glance at it tends to inspire In the youths
of our country that love of freedom"which
made so many poor souls lay down their lives
on the battlefield. In conclusion I must again
thank you for this gift, and 1 promise you that
we shall hold you in the highest esteem, that
this flag shall inspire in us a true love of lib
erty and that April 8, 1896, shall always be
remembered as a memorable day In the his
tory of Company H.
The cadets stood and saluted the flag,
after which the entire audience arose and
sang "America," while a cadet held the
banner aloft.
The singing of the "Te Deum" brought
the meeting to a close.
EASTER JOTS.
The Charming Social Given by the Young
radios' Institute No. 3 at Union
Square Hall.
The Young Ladies' Institute, No. 3, held
an Easter entertainment last night at
Union Square Hall. There was a large at
tendance and tha frequent applause
attested to the excellence of the pro
gramme.
A series of living pictures in which the
young Ladies of the arrangements commit
tee participated was rendered, varied with
musical selections and fancy dances.
The living pictures were ail arranged
under the personal supervision of Mr.
Housman. Among the most excellent
were: "Innocent \ ictim," showing a sis
ter of charity dying on the battlefield;
"Summer," and "iue Return From the
Festival."
One of the prettiest features 'of the pro
gramme was the fancy dancing by little
Maudie Still.
The following are the officers and com
mittees:
Floor manager, Belle G. Boyle; assistants,
Mary J. Leahy and Nelly F. Kirby; arrange
ments committee, cnairman, Tessie Roche,
members Lou A. Boyle, Catherine Slattery,
Mary J. Leahy, Nelly F. Kirby, Teresa Crowley,
Friiuces Colin, Mrs. Mamie Griffin, Mrs. Teresa
Pluukett and Miss Anna L. Daly.
INCENSED TICKET AGENTS
They Charge the Southern Pacific
With Putting Up a Job
on Them.
THEIK COMMISSIONS AT STAKE.
RuliDgs by Caldwell That Will Cinch
Them for the Benefit of Hunt
ington's Corporation.
Every railroad passenger agent in the
City is incensed against the Southern
Pacific Company as the result of the re
cently promulgated ruling of Chairman
Caldwell of the Western Passenger Asso
ciation that commissions are to be paid
only to coupon ticket agents of initial
lines.
It is claimed by thpm that this is a move
in the interest of tho Southern Pacific.
They say that Chairman Caldwell plays
into the hands of the Southern Pacific in
most things brought before him. For
years it has been the custom of the
Southern Pacific Company to allow tickets
in blank to go to the offices of the various
agents of connecting lines in good stand
ing, and thus all the agents of the con
necting lines virtually became sub-agents
of the Southern Pacific Company.
The only initial lines in this City are
the Southern Pacific, the Santa Fe and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany. The Santa Fe has a through route
of its own to Chicago, so it has nothing to
expect from the local agents of the Western
roads, and the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company takes comparatively
little throueh passenger business from
this City. To better understand the eitu
tion it must be stated that the Southern
Pacific Company is not required to pay
commissions on eastbound business.
The result of the latest ruling of Chair
man Caldwell, coupled with that which
ordered the Southern Pacific Company not
to permit other agents to have blank tick
els, will be, if obeyed, to throw about $3000
paid oat in commissions eacli month en
tirely into the hands of it? agents.
Under tho old method if Agent Jones of
the Rock island road sold a ticket in his
office to a passenger over the Central Pa
cific to Ogaen, the Union Pacific to Oma
ha, thence over the Rock Island to Chi
cago, he would receive a commission from
the Union Pacific, and so if Agent Hitch
cock of the Union Pacific sold a ticket over
the same lines he would be entitled to a
commission from the Rock Island.
As the matter now stands, according to
the ruling of Chairman Caldwell, the com
missions revert to the Southern Pacific
Company, which, however, is not entitled
to a commission from the road whose
agent in this City sold the ticket.
But the ruling of Caldwell that tho
Southern Pacific shall not give out tickets
in blank is said to he a scheme hatched by
the Southern Pacific Company to secure
the full commissions on every licKet sold
out of this City, for if the ruling men
tioned is enforced it will eventually
drive every through passenger directly to
the oflice of the Southern Pacific, which
would thus be entitled to a commission
from each connecting line over which the
passenger traveled between here arid Chi
cago. If agents of connecting lines are not
permitted to carry in stock blank tickets
they will have to take their passengers to
the office of the Southern Pacific Company
and then trot them back to their own. It
is claimed that as soon as the traveling
public realizes that no matter at whicb
office they go to purchase their ticket* —
outside of those of the Santa Fe and
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany—they must go to the office of the
Southern Pacific, they will save the super
fluous exercise of a walk to and from that
office to that of some outside ticket agent
and co direct to the Southern Pacific.
Thus it would be but a comparatively
short time before the Southern Pacific
would be doing very nearly all the through
passenger business through its own agents,
and the acents of the other lines would not
be left to whistle for their commissions,
out would be enjoying sinecures, as with
perhaps a few exceptions the Southern Pa
cific would route all passengers.
Such a condition of things, nowaver,
is no more acceptable to the managers
of the connecting lines than their
local agents, and there is every prob
ability that this ruling will have to be re
voked. If it is not there is certain to be
trouble. It is now being violated every
day and by every agent who gets the oppor
tunity to do so.
AN ANGLERS' MEETING.
The San Francisco Rod and Gun Club
to Hold Casting Contests.
The directors of the San Francisco Rod
and Gun Club met yesterday, and decided
to hold their next banquet and election of
officers on the evening of the 21st inst. It
was suggested by the presidont of the club
that a casting tournament for members
only be held at Mayor Sutro's baths some
time in May, the contests to consist of
casting for accuracy and delicacy. The
directors approved of the suggestion, and
the matter will be submitted to the mem
bers on the evening of the banquet.
The officers of the club do not approve of
long distance casting, which they contend
is absolutely useless and of little conse
quence to the anglers of this coast, who
whip small streams and rivers.
NEW TO-DAY.
saved liilcoS
Father and Son Set Free,
at Asheville, N. C.
Little Charley Foarleman Used To-
bacco Sine* Babyhood, and His
Father- Smoked and Chewed for
the Past Twenty Years.
AsnEViLLE, N. C, April B.— "ls that true?"
asked the News man at Pelham's Pharmacy, as
he laid down a letter in the presence of a dozen
interested customers.
"Yes, it is," promptly answered the proprie-
tor. "It was written here on one of our letter-
heads, and signed by J. C. Fogleman, who lives
at No. 5 Buxton street. We all know be is a
man of his word."
This is what the letter said.
Office of Pelham's Pharmacy, 24 Patton avenue,
Asbeville. N. C— Gentlemen : My little boy, now 8
years, began chewing tobacco when 3 years old by
the advice of our family physician, in the place of
stronger stimulants. Four weeks ago I began giv-
ing htm No-To-Bac, which I bought at Pelhara'a
Pharmacy, and to my great surprise and delight,
No-To-B»c completely cured, him. He does not
care for tobacco, and Is very much improved In
health, eats heartily and nas a much better color.
"Finding such results from the use of No-To-Bac,
I be;an myself, and it cured me after using tobacco,
in all forms, for twenty years. • --■- ; •
■■I make this plhln statement for the benefit of
others. (Signed) J. G. FO'aEMAS."
"What's that?" asked Chief of Police H. 8.
| Hawkins, whose manly form attired in the new
I police uniform, like Solomon in ail his glory,
came to the door. '■ : < . o
"Why, No-To-Bac cures!"
"Cures? Why, I should say so. It used it my-
self. It cured me. I bought one box of No-To-
Bac from Peltiam, and was cured after using
tobacco— chiefly chewing— for eight (8) or ten
(10) years." Everybody looked astonished and
wondered what would next turn up. ">•;*.-<" ';.■*■
"Suppose it don't cure?" some one asked. g
•Then you get your money back," replied the
druggist. "No-To-Bac is made by. the Sterling
Remedy Co.. Chicago, Montreal and New York,
and every druggist in America is authorized to
sell No-To-Bac under an absolute guarantee to
cure or money 1 refunded. They always do the
square thing. Here, read their famous booklet,
'Don't Tobacco Spit and in It.' "Written guar-
antee and free sample mailed for the asking.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. • .
NEW STYLES iVELIS
■ . . ~ — : — — —IN— :
. ; —jAJXST JLjf—
DRESS GOODS
—AT
SPECIAL PRICES THIS WEEK!
This week we make a strong bid for the entire Dress Goods
trade of the town by an offering that includes some of THE VERY
LATEST AND MOST BEAUTIFUL STYLES AND NOVELTIES in
weaves, designs, colorings an d fabrics, which are placed on sale for
this special occasion
AT FIGURES THAT ARE BEYOND COMPETITION!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 235 Couts.
215 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS AND CHECKED DREBS
GOODS, regular price 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
At 88 Cents.
140 pieces 36-INCH ENGLISH TWEED SUITING, all the latest colorings, extra value
for 50c, will be placed on sale at BSc a yard.
-. .At 45 Cents.
75 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS, bright colorings, will be offered
at 45c a yard.
."^.'■C '.<i':l : At SO Coxits.
82 pieces 52-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL SCOTCH BICYCLING SUITING, regular
price $1, will be offered at 50c a yard.
At 5O Couts.
54 pieces 52-INCH PINHEAD CHECKS, in brown, tan and gray effects, worth 76c,
will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
92 pieces 45-INCH MOHAIR WOOL CHEVIOTINE SUITING, in hairlines, novelty
checks and bourette effects, value $1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
42 pieces 33-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY PLAIDS, new deiigns,
regular price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
At 35 Couts.
92 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL STORM SERGE, good value for
50c, will be offered at 35c a yard.
At 76 Cents.
55 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, plain colorings, worth
$1, will-be offered at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
At 55 Cents A "Fftrd.
50 pieces 22-INCH BLACK STRIPED SATIN, in a large variety of designs, extra good
value for $1, will be offered at 55c a a yard.
At 6O Coxxts a. T?"«.3rcaL.
20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK SURAH SILK, soft finish, good value for 75c, will be of-
fered at 60c a yard.
At 75 Cents a. Tard.
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra hard finish, good value for fl,
will be offered at 75c a yard.
At 75 Coxxts a. Yard.
30 pieces BLACK FIGURED SATIN DUCHESSE, all pure silk, good value for $1, will
be offered at 75c a yard.'
At 85 Cents » TZTA-x-caL.
15 pieces : INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, rich, heavy quality, good value for
$1 25, will be offered at 85c a yard.
At dI.OO a. Tardl.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, in all the latest designs, good value
for $1 25, will be offered at $1 a yard.
.At &X.OO a "STai-cI.. . ■>>
15 pieces 22-INCH BLACK PEAU DE SOIE SILK, perfect finish, good value for $1 25,
will be offered at $1 a yard.
At 61.25 a TardL.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, handsome designs, good value for 91 76.
will be offered at $1 25 a yard.
At 51.50 a. T-ard.
15 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE SATIN, extra heavy quality, g6od value
for $2, will be offered at $1 50 a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
A.t 35 Cents.
25 pieces 51-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, worth regular 65c, will be sold at 85c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
50 pieces FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, in a variety of designs, worth regular 75c,
will be sold at 50c a yard. .^V ;;•.;
■'-r/i^-te At SO Cents.
40 pieces 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, extra good value for 75c, will
be sold at 50c a yard. ?%;*■,
;?-/?>;= A.t 5O Cents.
'40 pieces 46-INCH ALL-WOOL IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES, regular value 75c,
will be sold at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cexxts.
40 pieces 54-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, worth regular $1, will be of-
fered at 75c a yard.
•1 -' l .At 75 Cexxts.
40 pieces 54-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL CHEVIOT, regular value f I 25,
will be sold at 75c a yard.
■ '- - ' At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH BROADCLOTH, worth regular
f 1 25, will be sold at 75c a yard.
At $i.oo.
20 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, extra good value for $150, will be offered at %1 a yard.
■ • ' ; , .At SI.2G.
25 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, in the latest designs, extra good value for SI 75, will be
* offered at $1 25 a yard.
OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution t© our
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
gg/^B^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
\f\J Bartol Street cw ofJiii^ /
•AX PR.A.KrciflOO.
910
TERMINAL LANDS
WITHOUT A TITLE
A Mission Bay Tract That:
Is a Forfeit to the
State.
IS VALUED AT $3,000,000
Important Conditions of a Grant
Never Fulfilled by the
Railroads.
AN OLD SUIT TO BE REVIVED.
Papers That Kai Mysteriously Dis
appeared Years Ago Have Now
Turned Up.
Further inquiry into the project of the
Fouthern Pacific Company to build a short
line between here and P.aden, in order to
avoid the circuitous and steep route at
.Map Showing the Forfeited .Mission Bay Lands Now Illegally Held by the Southern Pacific Company.
present employed when its coast division
is completed so as to lorm a new through
line to New Orleans, has developed some
exceedingly interesting matters.
It has aeain brought to notice the al
most forgotten suit of the people of the
Mate of California against the C»ntrai
Pacific and Southern Pacilic railroads, to
forfeit sixty acres of land on Mission Bay,
near China Basin, which suit had to be
temporarily abandoned owing to the mys
terious disappearance of the papers from
the tiles of the County Clerks office.
These papers have now reappeared and
precautions have been taken that will
effectually prevent a similar contretemps.
Further than this the proceedings to have
this valuable property declared forfeited
to the State will shortly be taken up again
and prosecuted with vigor.
This track was granted together with a
200-foot right of way from it to the San
Mateo County line. This right of way
was declared forfeited in 1375 by Governor
Pacheco, while he at the same time issued
patents to tne companies for the sixty
acres for terminal purposes.
Since that time the Southern Pacific
Company has in a desultory sort of a way
been endeavoring to secure a right of way
by purchase, and that task is now very
near completion, but it is likely, from the
present outlook, to be now possessed of a
right of way to nowhere, so far as suitable
terminal property is concerned.
The status of this Mission Bay property,
which is now estimated to be worth not
less than $3,000,000, is clearly shown in the
following open letter of John T. Doyle,
published in the Real Estate Circular
come months ago:
Your inquiry as to the sixty acres in Mission I
Bay granted to the Central Pacific and Southern'
Pacific railroad companies in 1808, and the
suit brought by the State in relation thereto,
may be briefly answered.
The land was granted by an act. passed
March 30, 1868, for, terminal purposes only,
and on condition that the companies should'
make their terminus thereon, and expend
$100,000 in improving the property within
thirty mouths, failing which the grant was
to be void. ■• The time for compliance was after
wards extended, bin expired many years since.
By the same act a strip of land some 300 leet
wide was granted to them over the tide lands
claimed by the State, us an approach' to those
terminal grounds on the south.
-Assuming that the companies did spend
the required amount in . improvements, it is
notorious that they never made their terminus
then- nor built the contemplated road of up-'
proach.
In the summer of 1875 they applied to
Governor Pacheco for patents for the terminal
grounds and the designated right of way, and
a notice was published inviting objectors to
shiiw cause, ii ;hey desired to, why these
patents should not issue. I saw these notices
and wrote to the Governor requesting to be
heard in opposition to issuing the patents. , I
received from his secretary a reply promising
to fix a time thereafter for the hearing and
apprise me of it.
I wrote and printed two letters addressed to
the Governor, In July, 1875, pointing out some-
Of the reasons why the companies were not en
titled to the patents asked for, and awaited his
promised notification lof the date of the pro
posed hearing, for which these letters were my
brief.: The notice never came. I presume the
Governor forsot his promise to me, as, at the
election of 1875, he was chosen a member; of
Congress and must have had many things to
think of about that time.
On the 17th of September, just after the
election, he is? ued to the railroad companies a
patent for the sixty acres, but denied: their
application for that for right of way! I never
could see how to reconcile the granting of the
one with the denial of the other, but at least
it showed the Government's impartiality, as
the judge in early days served the slave—
gave the law to the public and the land to the
railroads.
Just before Governor Paeheco went out of
office the Attorney-General applied to me to
aid him in an action he proposed to bring, on
behalf of the State, to vacate this patent, and
at hie instance 1 prepared a bill in equity for
that purpose, which was tiled iv December,
1875.
T. B. Bishop and I signed it bs associated
with the Attorney-General. In .January, 1876,
Jo Hamilton, the newiy elected Attorney- j
General, assumed control of the case, and, after i
grunting many and long extensions of time,
finally, on my" remonstrance, refused further
time. Then followed a motion to strike out
mutter from the complaint, and more delay.
1 finally found that J had no control, or even
voice, in the management of the suit. General j
Hamilton also informed me that he could p»y j
no fees, although he had a fund of $4000 a j
year allowed him by tlie StHte for such jmr- <
)><>*<■-. mid I could but' conclude that 1 was not j
wanted in the case.
About the same time I learned from my other j
associate counsel in it, Mr. Hishop, that he had j
become one of the counsel for the .
railroad companies, fnder these cireumstan- |
cc* the suit naturally went to sleep. I never ;
beard of the filing of any answer in it, al- :
though of the proceedings aft»»r the motion to ,
strike out. if any there were, 1 have no knowl- |
edge, having 7iever been consulted about them. j
While 1 remained in practice 1 occasionally ;
inquired in tne clerk's office and expected
some day to learn that the action had been i
dismissed, but thht was not done.
The last inquiry made by me, some three or
four years ago. revealed the fact that most of :
the papers had disappeared from the tiles, and
I see r.o reason for surprise if all have, but if j
the present Attorney-General desires to prose-
Cute the case I believe 1 could be of material '
service to him in reproducing copies of those !
that are material.
During the tertn of office of Attorney-General
Bart he met me on the street one day and told i
me that he was going to bring the suit to j
trial. He seemed, however, to have been side- |
tracked by other litigation with the same ad- \
versaries over the Oakland water front and j
abandoned the idea, if he really entertained
it, of taking the case up.
Some little explanation of Mr. Doyle's
presentation of the rase may be made for
a clearer comprehension of the situation.
The original grant was to the Western Pa
cific Railroad, which was afterward
merged into the Central Pacific and to the
Southern Pacilic. Each was granted thirty
acres, and each, according to the act, was
to expend $100,<KK) on the improvement of
the grant for terminal purposes, or an ag
gregate of $200,000. The important section
of the art which bears upon the forfeiture
of this tract to the State reads as follows:
And upon the location by the said companies
of their terminus and terminal, depots and sta
tions upon the said premises, and the expendi
ture of $100,000 thereon by each of the said
companies, the Governor shall issue patents
therefor- to the said companies respectively;
provided, that unless the said companies shall,
within thirty months from the passage of this
act, make the terminus of the roads upon said
premises and expend thereon the said sum of
$100,000 each, then any grant herein con
tained shall be void as to the said company so
in default, and the lands herein granted to
such company shall revert to and be the prop
erty of the State. '"-.V.iX'iV
Not one of these conditions have been
complied with. The beneficiaries nave not
expended the specified $200,000 on this
property, and neither have they put up
any terminal buildiugs and stations with
in thirty months of the grant, nor made
this tract the terminal of any road or
roads. They have simply clung to it,
watching it" grow in value* and keeping it
out of the bauds of others who might have
made use of it for the benefit of the City
and the State. Why their alleged title has
not been long ago taken from them is
shown in the letter of Mr. Doyle.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald's attention
was called to the matter last August, but
the missine papers in the case, as referred
to by Mr. Doyle, prevented him from tak
ing "immediate action. Then came the
suit of the Southern Pacific Company
against the Railroad Commissioner?,
which has since occupied bis time. But
despite the heavy work that had thus been
thrown upon the Attorney-General's
office he did not altogether lose sight of
the Mission Bay matter. Word came to
him about the middle of January last that
the missing papers had been returned to
the files of the County Clerk's office and he
lost no time in having certified copies of
them made.
These are now in his office and he has no
fear of any evil consequences should the
originals again disappear.
Inquiry at the office of the Attorney-
General yesterday elicited the further in
formation that as soon as the present case
against the Railroad Commission has been
submitted that of the State against the
Central Pacific . and Southern Pacific
railroads to have this tract declared
forfeited to the State, which case is still on
the docket, will be taken up and vigor
ously prosecuted.
ISSUED IN A NEW FORM.
The Board of Health Get* Out Its
Monthly Keport in a Pamphlet,
The Board of Health has just issued its
monthly statement of the births and
deaths in San Francisco during the month
of March in a much more attractive and
comprehensive form than it was ever be
fore got out. One of the features of the
j report, which is ill pamphlet form, is a
| map of the City with the localities "Where
various contagious diseases are prevalent
marked in colors so that the spread or de
crease of any disease from mouth to month
can be seen at a glance.
The pamphlet also contains the reports
of the various inspectors and other em
ployes of the board, and of the heads of the
various institutions under the control of
the board.
The birth and death statistics are set
forth in tabulated form, so that they can
be mastered at a moment's notice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
CHEERS FOR M'KINLEY.
The Army and Navy League In
dorse Their [Com
rade.
FOURTEENTH ENCAMPMENT.
General Robert A. Friedrich Re-elected
Commander - in ■ Chief of the
Former Boys in Blue.
The Army and Navy Republican League
i of California declared for McKinley in un
mistakable terras at its fourteenth annual
encampment, held at Kohler & Chase's
hall yesterday afternoon.
A heated discussion was precipitated by
the following resolution, proposed by
Judge J. A. Way mire:
Resolved, by the Army and Navy Republican
League of California, That we hereby declare
our choice for President of the United States to
be William MeKinley of Ohio, whose private
character is without a blemish, and whose
public services as soldier and statesman have
endeared him to the people of the I'nited States,
marking him as the logical leader of the Re
publican party at this time ol great financial
depression, to the end that the country may
be restored to that state of prosperity which
itR natural wealth justifies, and which was so
long secured by the protective policy of the
Republican party. In any event, we" pledge
ourselves to the support of the nominee of the
Republican party.
General W. H. H. Hart spoke earnestly
in behalf of the indorsement of McKinley,
but deprecated the clause promising sup
port to any nominee of the National Con
vention. "If the convention nominates
Levi P. Morton 1 will not support the
ticket," he declared, "although I am as
good a Republican as any of you. We
have had enough of Wall street* I would
rather have protection and 'hard money'
than neithci, and the election of Morton
would mean neither. If we have a choice,
let us name it. If we have no choice what
are we here for? If I were a member of
the convention, which 1 shall not be, I
would turn my back upon Allison, whom
I consider one of the noblest of men, in
favor of one of our comrades. This will be
the la XtK t time probably that an old soldier
will be a candidate for the Presidency.
I^et the choice then be of Quay, McKinley
or Reed."
Judge Waymire said it was only fitting
that a soldiers' club should support a
soldier candidate. "McKinley demon
strated in the army and in Congress that
he was in the line of succession to James
Q. Blame," said the Judge. "There are no
bosses behind him. No other man will
wear the mantle of Lincoln and Blame
and Garfield more worthily. He is certain
of election. Shall we not "fall into line? 1
Colonel Lvon said it was eminently
proper and desirable that the Arniv and
Navy League should indorse McK~iniey,
who stands emphatically for the principles
of his party.
E. W. Woodward said the resolution
voiced the sentiment of California.
"When Depew and Vanderbilt were here
they favored Morton, yet the crowd gath
ered at the Palace Hotel hurrahed for Mc-
Kinley, and tney recognized the cheers as
.expressions of the voters of the coast."
Colonel Babcock said: "When Blame
died his mantle fell upon McKinley, who
is the logical candidate of the party. Let
ns indorse him if we want any sort of re
spect accorded to our intelligence."
The resolution was adopted, there being
but one dissenting vote, and that explained
by the fear that if McKinley were not
nominated the nominee would be preju
diced against the leagne. Three cheers
were given for the soldier protectionist
and the league settled to more prosaic
business.
Resolutions were adopted stating that
the executive council was the ex-oflicio
campaign committee of the organization;
that a financial committee of nine should
be appointed ; that no applicant be oflicially
indorsed by members unless indorsed by
the executive council and his credentials
signed by the commander-in-chief and ad
jutant-general.
A vote of thanks was extended to Com
rade Jahns and his assistants for the
handsome patriotic decorations of the hall.
The following officers were elected :
General Robert A. Friedricli, commander-in
chief; T. F. Laycock of Los Angeles, senior
vice- commander; Judge J. P. McElroy, junior
vice-commander; L. K. Jones, quartermaster
general: M. S. Blackburn, inspector-general;
J)r. J. P. Soper, surgeon-general; E. C. Sey
mour of San Bernardino, ordnance officer; A.
Jahn, commissary-general. The newly elected
members of the executive council were: \V.
F. Kandall of Camp 1; E. C. Thatcher, Camp
2; George A. Norton, Camp 3; Alfred Cressy,
Camp 4: S. Kahn, Camp 9; M. Murray, Camp
12 ; J. L. Field, Camp 14, and Comrades Lyon,
Wechsler and Babrock, delegates-at-large.
General Friedrich appointed James Kip
adjutant-general, J. Curumings assistant
adjutant-general and General W. H. H.
Hart judge advocate general.
General Friedrich's address dealt with
the earlier history of his administration
and reviewed carefully the progress of the
league. He said there was just cause for
complaint because more old soldiers bad
not been put into positions of trust by
those having appointive power. He spoke
in praise of the services of the adjutant
general and his assistant, and urged the
members of the league to work in har
mony. "California, with the aid of the
nnited effort of the soldiers, will redeem
herself next fall from the imputation of
being classed as a Democratic State."
Adjutant-General Kip's report called at
tention to the fact that headquarters would
soon be opened. He reviewed the work of
the league for the past two years, showing
that headquarters had been established in
October, 1894, and maintained until March,
1895; that over 20,000 books, pamphlets
and circulars had been distributed for the
dissemination of Republicanism. He re
ported that there are fonrteen camps with
a membership of 3. r >oo, and that it is ihe
purpose to increase the number of camps
to twenty-five and the membership to 8000
before the election.
"Camps have been formed or are being
formed," he said, "in San Francisco. Oak
land, Alameda, Sacramento, Vallcjo, Los
Angeles, San Bernardino. San Jose, Stock
ton, Fresno and Red Bluff." He reminded
the league of enthusiastic meetings held
during the campaign of 1894, especially
that of November lat Odd Fellows' Hail.
GAY GUARDSMEN AT TABLE
Brigadier-General Warfield the
Guest of Honor at a
Banquet.
The Second Brigade of the National
Guard Ed joy a Delightful
Reunion.
Bright flowers and glittering uniforms,
flashing lights and words of gay good
fellowship conspired with creature com
forts in the solid and liquid line to render
last night's banquet of the Second Bri
gade, N. G. C, a most enjoyable affair.
The annual inspection of the National
Guardsmen was over, and in order to cele
brate the happy termination of the ordeal
the brigade decided to invite their genial
commander, Brigadier-General R. H. War
tield, to dine with them.
The affair took place in the banquet -hall
of the California Hotel. The apartment
was draped with the National colors in
festoons of iilmy crape, caught up by
bunches of palm and ferns. The table was
laid in the form of a horseshoe, in the
midst of which rose a stack of guns
wreathed in stnilax and carnations and
surmounted by the brigade's standard. At
either end of the horseshoe was a similar
stack of rifles hung with knapsacKs, can
teens and other military impedimenta,
while the table itself, with its graceful
epergnea and artistic flower pieces, was a
thing of beauty.
Besides the guest of honor there were
present:
Lieutenant-Colonel .T. G. Giestlng, assistant
adiutant-general (chief of staff); Lieutenant-
Colonel G. F. Hanson, surgeon; Major Charles
Jansen, inspector; Major J. H. Mangels, quar
termaster and paymaster; Major W. A. Ual
stead, commissary"; Major H. B. Hosmer, in
spector of rifV practice and ordnance officer;
Major C 11. Murphy, engineer officer; Major
('. .I.Evans, signal "officer; Major It. S. porn,
judge advocate; Captain y. L. Naphtaly, aid-de
camp; Captain H. A. AVegener. aid-de-camp;
Adjutant-General Barrett, Assistant Adjutant-
General Peeler and Colonel Macdonald.
The Governor and Colonel Fairbanks
were also among the number invited, but
were unable to be present. Both, how
ever, sent messages of regret and good
wishes.
The affair was entirely informal and no
set speeches were made. Among the
toasts were: "The President of the United
States," responded toby Brigadier-General
"Warfield; "His Excellency the Governor
of California," by Adjutant-General Bar
rett; "The Ladies," by Major Halsted ;
"The National Guard," by Major Hosmer.
and "The Grand Army of the Republic,"
by Major .lansen. Between the speeches
Cassasas orchestra rendered aline musical
programme.
DISMISSED THE CHARGE.
Simpson's Complaint Against Moran
Ignored hy Police Commissioners.
George W. Simpson, an. erratic lock
smith witli a shop near the park, appeared
before the Police Commissioners last night
to prosecute sundry charges he had pre
ferred some weeks ago against .Policeman
Harrison Moran. The case \va3 dismissed.
Simpson alleged in his complaint that
Moran had been guilty of any number of
serious offenses unbecoming the dignity of
an officer, including riding a bicycle. The
locksmith brought in sixteen witnesses to
prove his charges. When they had fin
ished giving their testimony the* Commis
sioners dismissed the charges. Moran not
being called on to present any portion of
his defense. The residents on Haight ana
Stanyan streets presented the following
sworn affidavit in behaif of the defendant:
San Francisco, March 31, 1896.
George J. Hobe, gfc.retary Masonic Cemetery
Association, room Ui, Masonic Temple— Deah
Sir: AYe, the undersigned residents and
Eroperty-owners of this neighborhood, bounded
y Stanyan, Halghtand V.'aller streets, respect
fully request you to assist us in removing from
your premises, for we are informed he pays no
rent, one George \V. Simpson, who is n nuisance
to the whole neighborhood, in that he is
meddlesome, quarrelsome and continually
interfering with every one's business here. By
so doing, you will confer a great favor on the
undersigned.
TO BE A GREAT DAY.
They Will Celebrate the Era of Good
Koaclg.
J. Maude, one of the commissioners of
the Good Roads Bureau, Sacramento, is at
the Baldwin. He gives a flattering ac
count of the progress the commission is
making in the direction of improving the
public roads.
He says the rock-crusher at Folsom. is
now ready to run; also that the immense
bunkers ior holding the crushed stone are
now being completed. These threat bunk
ers will hold no Jess than 3,000,000 pounds
of the crushed rock. The cost, too, will
be phenomenally low, being no greater
than 20 cents a ton, and in a little time
the commissioners believe they can figure
it at less than that.
Every one concerned is, therefore, greatly
gratified, because it would appear the
public roads of California may be made
as fine as boulevards at a trilling cost.
So great is the enthusiasm that it has
been decided to hold si sort of cele
bration at Folsom in about two weeks,
to start the rock-crusher and inaugurate
the era of good roads. Champagne is to
flow.
SOCIALISM OF THE INCAS.
The Theme at Last Night's Meeting at
the Turk-street Temple.
The expected debate on "Populism vs.
Socialism" did not take place at the Turk
street Temple last evening. J. M. Wyatt
did not DUt in an appearance, sending an
excuse of illness, whereat the socialists
laughed exceedingly, for they regarded
the absence of the apostle of Populism as
an admission of the greater merit of the
socialistic cause.
The chairman of the evening, Henry
Warnecke, gave a brief address outlining
the aims of the Socialist Labor party.
Theodore Lynch, the secretary, read an
article from a socialist organ on "Scien
tific Socialism." The audience sang "The
Marseillaise" and P. Ross Martin read a
paper on "Pizarro and Peru," in which he
dweit upon the "Unconscious Socialism of
the Incas."
Next Wednesday evening Victor L
O'Brien will address the Liberty branch of
the Socialist Labor party atthe same place
on "Incentives to Effort Under Socialism."
London has 75,000 street lamps, Paris
50,000 and New York 28,000.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
I
■
HASTE IS I l+4-ip* 1 IITIP 1 Our Great Introductory Offer 12
p J NECESSARY | I^l LLIW^ 1 M AA V :to not confined to San Francisco, but^T-
' ' . ' plies ,to all sections reached by the great ~^»
gZ ' laI^WIT' O AfsVs] nl#l CZ San Francisco dailies, it being the special -^
.l.^UJr.Vr. fVClllClllir^* purpose of . THE SYNDICATE in THIS =3
fc 1 * / supplemental distribution to place at least =5
x The day, the hour, is rapidly drawing near one set of the volumes in every com- =35
Which will mark the end Of The Newspaper munity for comparison with other diction-
Syndicate's notable Supplemental distribution . aries and encyclopaedias, thereby securing I
5= for the purpose Jof introduction of that great widespread and favorable publicity for this -*
Reference library • \ ■■ ■ new work. To be absolutely sure of secur- j
»— ing one of these sets the initial payment of -^
• THE , $1.00 should accompany your letter. If -^ ;
SH w-^ I • '"l , ' tv 1 1I • the work is not as represented it can. be —m
25~ I|' I 1 I 1 . returned^vithin ten days and the payment 13
li Tl AT7'Plri IQttf IP I iTOtIA 1 QI^TT v>m be refunded-Tbis ives yon °pp°rtu ' 3
1 Encyclopaedic I 111 Vl II I 111 I V nity to examine the entire work. ~~~~ i
g:•■"UllV'lj vlUjJlUUlvUlUtlUlllli J 3
fc h = — 1 3
J^ ... .AT ONCE A DICTIONARY AND AN ENCYCLOPEDIA.
|^ Produced at a cost of over $750,000. r^
I FROM EX-JUDGE D4VIS. | >-J^' AJj^'' 3
{ Jr: § ticable. to" determine itsValne as a wo R rk ® !^^3wJ=^j!!!f^^C:; ' iiili'^^"^ -ife^''^^ 'JQ i &*s%?
®[essional interest In the question. I® rMcT. UlP€0 !5mPClOI«DIC lii j \-~~Ti4£ii[ I •' lv ill I ill iMS
.© have become satisfied th for general I ' N^ll«fcTffoY CLOR€OlC! t'|wij(«toi |» jf !;1I ii iJ J~
fc ® use it has no superior in any of the ffi ife^^^ssSf^™]L- Mtion^wJ'lß^ MII' I F Hi 1!
| arv To Se^SfiSes iB^ Diction- S rftO^J^lfeT?^ l^^ 13"s**5** *^^^^aj| mI ! l|, [ |W|Sp 3
®of'encyclopBßdic knowledge which" I * IMt^^^ JPiF^)^' lik^^V ii'liilK^Wi 'i| 1
j^- ® have never seen in such a work, and® flMtoi?** 05?^!^—^__-- 111 —=-* IfCSi 'HhJiS^li I'il'lif i: i Pi! I' ill i U r^
® which enables the student to trace the® flf MiME I- |!lur ai ~?;=^T> -z^-n O, JB _3 I I I ::: 3
•^_ ® derivation of words and their sißniflca-® LP^C R r BfiK^MljEl 1- iWW^TTT Tf^SlS^lflW f': : iliiiviiil' 1 tjltl 11 | H -~
Jt^ ® tion and uses with great ease and per-® rr^^a^ LrJ'T "E-INrT JJkT^^ 1"" *OLUM£ IV"! <fl| ' ' l|S||j| iSifo^i" "^
wciansand lawyers in developing the "Kl^^^^r^e^^ -"^nt* i'^ v"^'?-?/-, -iss^i^'~T^~t^Tifv|!|^ iCw .^-. :^S
® work my hearty commendation. ® I \ . F?C^ 'jfe^!'! 1 W^f^^^^^^ "^ i
SS^ ®g)®<SXs)(SX^®®®®®®<^ -^g
t . FOUR MASSIVE VOLUMES. WEIGHT ABOUT 40 POUNDS. !
£ WnnflPrfllllV FOR intß°ducti°n only—for three days only. 3:
SH "■ **■' "HI I till J SI.OO ONLY Puts You In Immediate Possession of These FOUR Superb Volume*. .12
g- I 'ill A II ■ ■;' IT IS EVEN NOW TOO LATE to send descriptive matter and sample pages. .
g- I ITT I■■ MriOQ Our proposition is, however, even more liberal — it enables you to examine the full l^
I ? LillllU IlluU work and return within ten days if not as represented. . 13
nPlTlrirkflhiV FOR introduction only— for three days only. 3
I J^l lIIUI IllfU I J 81.25 Monthly for One Year Completes the Purchase, But You Have the Use and ZS
\ _ - _> * , JKiijoyment of the Volumes While Paying.. —^
: L ft If IftrtTlO On and after Monday, April 13th, the price will be advanced to $42—570 per set accord-
g- rfISW IKIIIIN ing to style of binding, this being the price at which the volumes were made to sell. *—«
I DISTRIBUTION CLOSES SATURDAY, APRIL lltli, 10 P. 1. |
I HOW TO SECURE THIS MAGNIFICENT WORK. 1
Bring or send $1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery street, and the entire set o\ r^g
g*~ four superb volumes, ' bound in cloth, will b^ forwarded. The balance to b3 paid at the rate of $123 monthly. for 13 , ■-**
«^~ months. The work will be supolied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, and in full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12 r-«»
9~ months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At tie tim» of sending your first payment please designate
mZ the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the Z2Z
5^ volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must be paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the . :^»
Jfc: first payment of $1 is received, and you therefore have the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are —*»
»- paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued
3^: and cheerfully paid for isclearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of which is $42, on —^
g"~ an advance payment of only $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on —^
g*~ application. Address. • h ■/,•''- '.%''■ —*
B V THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery Street, San Francisco. %
FITZGERALD WILL SUE
The Attorney-General Delivers
His Ultimatum to the
Supervisors.
An Old Bcne of Contention May Be
Settled in a Court of
Law.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has notified
the Board of Supervisors in unmistakable
terms that unless the money due the
Whittier School from the municipality is
paid forthwith he will begin suit for the
amounts, aggregating over $6000.
The matter has been a bone of conten
tion for several years past, the Supervisors
claiming that as there wa| no money to
pay the demands during the year in which
the indebtedness was incurred the City
was not under obligation to pay at all.
Under date of April 7 Attorney-General
Fitzgerald sends the following comtcuni
cation to the Board of Supervisors:
To the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Frannsco, Cal.— Gentlemen: 1
desire to call your attention to the following
matters: On the first day of May, 1893, Hon.
Walter Lindley, the then superintendent of
the Whittier State School, certified to the
Auditor of the City and County of San Fran-
Cisco the umount" aue said school for board,
clothing and tuition during the month of
April, 1893, of pupils named in the detailed
statement accompanying such statement, for
the maintenance of whom your County was
made responsible under section 24 of
an act entitled "An act to establish a
State Reform School for Juvenile Offend
ers and to make appropriation therefor,"
approved March 11, 1989, as amended by an
act approved March 23, 1893. The amount
thus certified was $2109 21. On the Ist day of
June, 1893, the superintendent certified to
the Auditor a similar statement for the month
of May, 1893, the amount certified being
$2145 40, and on July 1, 1893, a statement for
the month of June, 1*863, was certified to the
Auditor by the superintendent, the amount
aggregating $2090 90.
Section 24 of said act provides, among other
things, that '-the expense which any county
may be liable to pay on account of any minor
committed to said institution under tue pro
visions of this act shall be paid by the Board
of Supervisors into the State Treasury on a
certified and detailed statement as to the
amount due therefor from such coun
ty being furnished to the Auditor
oi the county by such superintendent."
Although so "certified to the Auditor, and
although demand has been made upon your
board that it pay this money into the Treasury
of the State in accordance with law, no sucii
payment has yet been made by your board.
Unless such payment is made forthwith— be
fore the 20th of this month— l shall be com
pelled to commence an action against your
board to enforce a compliance with the law.
In this connection 1 desire to call your atten
tion to an opinion rendered by Harry T. Cres
well Esq., your City and County Attorney, to
J. H. WidberEsq., your County Treasurer, con
cerning your rignt to pay this money out of a
fiscal year other than that in which the liabil
ity accrued.
The position ta"ken by the City will be,
in case of a suit, that the State must take
its chances with the members of the asso
ciated creditors in getting its dues at some
future time when the funds will admit.
The manufacture of razors by machinery
has become an important industry in Ger
many.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
DOCTOR SWE ANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRON'IO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder*
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicooele, hydrocele and swelling of the - gland*.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness, falling memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if living away from th»
city and advice will be given you free of charge
Address F. L. sWKA.N "i , M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
■ ■..:■■ •..-..:; San Francisco, (JaL .
FOR SALE.
A GREAT BARGAIN
THE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN VIEW.
Santa Clara County, two ■ miles from Mountain
View Station, five miles from the Stanford Uni-
versity; P«lo Alto, and ten miles from the City of
San Jose. •
1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
Will be sold at a great sacrifice to close the estate
Of J. P. Hale, deceased. •• ■
Large Vineyard. Three Prune Orchards. Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from a
living creek and numerous springs. ',
Large House of eleven rooms. Barns, . Stables
Chicken-Houses, Outhouses, etc., etc. etc., and ail
the necessary farming utensils.
PRICE $85,000— ONLY $50 PER ACRE.
The cheapest land ever offered in California.
-JK!- ra if P*"' 0 " 1 8 aPPIy to SIcGLYNN & MEN".
■!°h. Reol k - E3tat * Agents. Koom 22. Chronicle
Building, where photographs of the property can
I DC MCGUa . ' . - i - -
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises, .
Sprain*, Stiff Joints a;id Swellings.
, IT STOPS ALL PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS SELL , IT. .
50 CENTS AND '81 : A BOTTLE.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THS
>-J great M cx 1 Remedy ; gives Health mat
btreugth to the Sexual organ*
: NEW PUBLICATIONS.
BAZAAR
TWO GREAfWHEELS!
THAT
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS
THE "FOWLER!" :
The Greatest Wheel
on Earth.
WE ARE AGENTS ALSO
— — FOR THE
"BEN=HUR,"
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00.
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY •
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries
at Lowest Prices.
(lirlAV^ Yfiil .°^° Tarol t. ?impies^opperß
UanA7!L IUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old SoresH
{•Ulcers In Mouth. Halr-tal!lngt 'Write t'OOKB '
■KEMEDT CO., 007 Masonic Te pl«fl
jHChlcaao, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl-H
n ul < 8500,000. Worst casee cur.-d In 108
|Bt» 35 dnyi. IQO-pngebooh, free.SOME HUMOR IN
A DRY SPOT
Proceedings in the Rail
road Case Enlivened
With Wit.
MR. DEPEW MENTIONED.
His Prediction That Clouds
of Depression Would
Roll Away.
TWO WEEKS MORE OF TALKING
Mr. Pilsbury Contends That the Rail
roai Company Loves a
Deficiency.
There must be hope for the most hard
ened sinner when real wit figures in the
course of an argument so dry a? is that
now being made before Judge McKenna in
tbe United States Circuit Court.
Mr. Pillsbury's very able and very dry
argument in the Railroad Commissioner
case was oasised w:th something like hu
mor yesterday when the name of Chaun
cey Depew was mentioned incidentally by
Mr. Pillsbary. It might not have been wit
and humor after all, but in contrast with
an argument abounding in figures and
most didactically phrased, it was as re
freshing by contrast as a cold water shower
bath in the Plutonian regions.
Mr. Pillsbury did not finish his argu
ment yesterday, but promised mat he
would do so by noon to-riay. Tiiis after
noon Mr. Hayne will reply on behalf of
the people and will consume two or three
days. Then Mr. Garber will follow for two
or three Uays more and District Attorney
Foote will close in two or tiiree days after
that.
The rase has been of more than ordinary
importance, because of its subject-matter
and because of the searching nature of the
argument on both sides. All the author
ities exuini have been raked over by the
bright legal minds engaged in the discus
sion, and when the case shall have been
finally submitted it will form an inval
uable textbook on the powers of corpora
tions and of commissions, no matter what
the decision of the court may be.
In the afternoon Mr. Pill«bury turned
his attention to the improvements and
betterments of the road. Attorney-General
Fitzuerald, he said, had argued that the
$009,000 expended for improvements and
betterments should be added to the net
earnings of the road instead of being
charged to expenses.
The speaker argued that the items for
the expenditure of $009,000 were given in
full in the report. They were fencing,
bridges, railroad-shops, depots, etc., items
which, he asserted, came properly under
the head of annual expenditures.
Judge riayne interrupted the speaker
several times on this subject, and Mr.
Pillsbury with a trace of irritability re
marked that he was surprised that Mr.
Hay ne should ask such foolish questions.
"Oh, if that your idea," retorted Mr.
.Heyne very coolly, "I shall not ask any
more questions."
'•I'm sure."' replied Mr. Pillsbury, bow
inc to the court, "that I shall not shed
any tears over the matter."
Here Judge MeKenna took a hand and
suggested that Mr. Pillsbury should with
draw the epithet "foolish" ar.d that Mr.
Hayne should reconsider his resolution
not to ask any more questions, because
the court wouid have asked the very same
questions put by Mr. Hayne. He desired
to have the items identified.
Mr. Pillsbnry expressed his willingness
to accept the suggestions of the court and
to begin de novo. He then proceeded to
discuss the question as to which items of
expenditure were properly chargeable
against the gross earnings in order to ar
rive at the net earnings. Some roads
charge to the expenditures whatever was
taken from the earnings and not raised by
issues of stock. Some take annually from
the gross earnings that which goes to
make the roads better than they were be
fore.
He would not argue, he said, that a
bridge acro.-s the straits of Carquinez cost
ing $10 : CuO.O0O should be charged to the
annual expenditure, because that was an
extraordinary outlay for an extraordinary
purpose and could not be made without
an issue of bonds or the raising of money.
The case of the United States against
the Kansas Railroad was cited to show
that a new depot and site and the replac
ing of rails, roadbed and rolling stock, if
paid for oul of the earnings, should be de
ducted from the gross earnings, in order to
ascertain the net earnings. Many otner
ca?e3 were quoted to the ssme effect. It
had been decided also that it were better
that the surplus should be expended in
necessary improvements, etc., and that
the expenditures should be deducted from
the gross earnings.
Mr. fillsbury" alleged that these decis
ions overthrew completely the arguments
of the Attorney-General. The case of a
truckman was cited who found that he
had made so much net surplus at the end
of the year who had to buy a horsa to re
place one that died and who, refusing to
touch his gross earnings, had borrowed the
money on a chattel mortgage instead of
deducting the amount from his gross earn
ings. It would not be long, he said, be
fore that truckman would be thrown into
bankruptcy.
The speaker showed the increased weight
of caru, the use of ice and other dead
weight in the equipment of the railroad
company during the last few years, and ex
plained that with the increase of the
weight it had become necessary to improve
the roadbed.
The speaker went on to show that there
was a net deficit of $1-W.5:29 2i in 1894 on
the Pacific system exclusive of several
hundred thousand dollars expended in the
payment of back taxes, "I suppose, "he I
added, "that the Attorney-General will not
question the propriety of naying those
baik taxes."
"No. sir," replied the Attorney-General,
i think they ought to have been paid
many years before.
: The smile which followed this retort was
not ], . U ed in by Messrs. Pillsbury, Herrin,
Mart;:, and Garber. They evidently failed
to discover any v.-it in the remark.
• Air. Kllsbury waded through a mass of
figures and added and subtracted until he
got the result desired by himself and his
colleague.. to the effect that the railroad
was losing money, was growing fat in
bankruptcy and was rather happy over it.
L. U ° ' ey " General ' contention that
1. h a . avera ge business year in the
railroad business was then taken up. This
was denied by the railroad's attorneys,
who explained simply that it afforded a
fair basis for estimating the .business of
l&ja. in 1894 an unusual depression in
business occurred, and the depression con
tinued until the present time
• Attorney-General Fitzgerald interrupted
by saving that Mr. Huntingdon's affidavit
admitted that the business in January.
February and March was better than it
was in the corresponding months of 1893.
Mr. Pillsbury argued that a period of
general depression set in . in 1893, con
tinued through 1894 and still continued
with no immediate prospect of any im
provement, notwithstanding- that some
very hopeful people like Chauncey De
pew had predici^i that these clouds would
roll away and prosperity would dawn
again after the election and inauguration
of a Republican President.
The Attorney-General remarked driiy
that Mr. liuntington agreed with Mr. De
pew in that statement.
Mr. Piilsbury seemed to be smitten with
horror at the sacrilege, and avoiding the
subject pointed out that there were no in
dications that tnere wouid be any com
pensatory increase in business to make up
for the horizontal reauction of 25 per cent.
In fact, the results of the business of 1895
would be more disastrous than they were
in 1894.
Mr. Piilsbury will resume his talk this
morning.
MRS. SCHUTZ IS SANE.
Dismissed by Judge Hebbard, and Her
Accusing Husband Is Arrested.
Albert Schutz, ex-superintendent of the
Salem Cemetery, San Mateo County, who
had his wife arrested on Tuesday on the
charge of insanity, got himself into
trouble yesterday morning.
He put in an appearance at the Receiv
ing Hospital where his wife was detained,
and inquired at what hour she would be
taken before the Insanity Commissioners.
He hung around the courtyard and con
tided to two or three p ople who conversed
with him that he meant to kill his wife.
E. M. Morgan, attorney for Mrs. Schutz
in her divorce suit, was informed of
Schutz's murderous intentions and a war
rant was sworn out in Judge Low's court
for his arrest on the charge of threats to
kill. The warrant way placed in the hands
of Detective Graham and he placed
Schutz under arrest. \Vhen searched at
the City Prison the only weapon found
upon him was a pocketknife.
When Mrs. Schutz was taken before
Judge Hebbard Schutz was escorted to the
courtroom by Detective Graham. Schutz
testified that he believed his wife was of
unsound mind because he had offered tier
some money and she had refused to take
it. He blamed Ciara Lenz, n is wife's sis
ter, for being the* cause of all his matri
monial troubles.
Mrs. Schutz told the court of her hus
baud's cruelty and the Judge promptly
dismissed her, remarking that if she were
crazy the sanity of every person in court
might be questioned.
TO AVERT A FRUIT WAR
Resolutions Adopted by a Com
mittee of Growers and
Shippers.
Proposed Effort for the Consolidation
of Three Large Chicago Auc
tion-Houses.
At the nineteenth Fruit-growers' Con
vention, held in Sacramento in November
of last year, a committee was appointed
whose duty was to be the taking of meas
ures for the averting of last season's fruit
war in Chicago. It appears that owing to
undue competition among the wholesale
fresh-fruit dealers in the last-named city
Californian shippers had been obliged to
let their products, though far superior to
any Eastern fruit, go for a song more than
once.
The committee met yesterday in the of
fices of the State Board of Horticulture.
H. Weinstock, president of the California
Fruit Growers' and Shippers' Association,
presided, Frank H. Buck of Vacaville act
ing as secretary, besides whom were pres
ent: Joseph Martin of the California
Green and Dried Fruit Company, H. A.
Fairbanks of the National Fruit Associa
tion, William Johnston of Oourxland, A.
T. Hatch of Suisun and E. D. Stephens of
Sacramento.
The chairman opened the meeting by
stating that the committee had been doing
it- test since its appointment for the es
tablishment of a harmony of interest
among fruit growers and shippers and
others interested in the fresh fruit trade,
in order to avert a recurrence of last year's
disastrous fruit war. Their latter efforts,
he said, had been directed toward the con
solidation under one roof of the three
great fresh fruit auction-houses of Chi
cago. The fact of buyers and sellers being
in different parts of" the city had, in his
opinion, a tendency to demoralize the
market, threatening great irregularity and
fluctuation in prices and lack of concerted
action among traffickers. Were these
auction-houses consolidated this state of
things would be done away with and the
attainment of a liberal, uniform schedule
of prices rendered possible by the cesssa
tion of needless and harmful rivalry and
ill-advised competition.
Other members of the committee spoke
in the same strain, after which the follow
ing resolutions were read and adopted:
Whereas. At the State Convention of Fruit
growers held in Sacramento, November, 1895,
a committee of conference, consisting of seven
growers and shippers, representing' the various
elements engaged in the "fresh fruit trade, -were
appointed, with instructions from the conven
tion to harmonize existing differences between
shippers, and growers, with the view of estab
lishing consolidated auction salesrooms in the
various Eastern martets for the sale of Califor
nia fre;-h fruits; and whereas, said committee
of conference having thoroughly gone into the
matter, ana having found that consolidated
salesrooms established on neutral ground con
venient to the various railroad terminals' in
each city are not alone entirely practicable
and desirable, but for tr.e welfare' of the fruit
interests are imperative. Be it therefore
Resolved, That this committee of conference
do hereby cail upon the California Fruit Grow
ers and Shi;i;.pr^' Association to establish such
consolidated uuction salesrooms, upon neutral
ground, in tne various Eastern cities, said
salesrooms to be under the absolute control of
the Cali:ornia Fruit Growers' and Shippers'
Association, and made free and open to all
buyers, auctioneers, receivers and shippers of
California fresh fruits, upon a fair and equit
able basis to ail, under such rules and regula
tions as the association may estublish: and be
it further
BaolvedL That this committee of conference,
representing as it does the growers and ship
pers of fresh fruit of the Slate of California,
hereby earnestly call upon all prowers ship
ping in curload lots and upon all co-operative
societies and fresh fruit shipping companies
whose names are not yet enrolled to become
mem»crsof the California Fruit Growers' and
.Shippers' Association and to lend their fullest
and heartiest support to said associmion in its
endeavors to carry out the desire of the grow
er? and shippers of California to establish ana
maintain consolidated auction salesrooms, free
and open to ail, and to continue the publica
tion of daily bulletins, tabulating the daily
shipments oi fruit for the guidance of growers
and shippers.
It was decided" that a copy of the resolu
tions be submitted to the California Fruit
Growers' and Shippers' Association for
that body's adoption at" its meeting next
Saturday afternoon in the Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce.
OBJECTED TO HER LOVER.
Auuie Brvteft'a Stepfather Bound Over
to Keep the Pence.
W. C. Ervine appeared in Judge Low's
court yesterday afternoon to answer a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness was bis wife,
who owns a bakery at 8 Twenty- fourth
street.
She testified that on Tuesday night her
daughter Annie by a former husband was
standing at the door talking to her sweet
heart when Ervine ordered her into tha
house. She declined to go and Ervine
brought a hammer and nails to nail up the
door so that she could not get in. Annie's
sweetheart interfered and Ervim* threw
the hammer at him. Mrs. Ervine was
airaid and ran away, but as she would not
swear that Ervine threw the hammer at
her thf case was dismissed.
There was another charge against Ervine
of threats to kill preferred by his step
daughter Annie. After the Judge heard
"her testimony he ordered Ervine into cus
tody till he could procure bonds to keep
the peace.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
NEW WORKMEN OFFICERS
The Positions of G. M. E. and
Outside Guard Closely
Contested.
SOME IMPORTANT AMENDMENTS
The Humorous Element of the Order,
as Exemplified by the Mogul
lian Degree.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workingmen met in B'nai
B'rith Hall prommly at 10 o'clock yester
day morning- Several important meas
ures in regard to the subordinate lodge?
were passed and a species of referendum,
embodied in a measure to submit any
amendments that might be brought for
ward to the subordinate lodges, was made
a part of the laws of the grand body.
The time of electing the officers of the
subordinate lodges was changed from No
vember to May.
The Grand Lodge constitution was so
changed by amendment that hereafter the
annual election of officers for that body
will take place on the last day of the ses
sion instead of on the second. An adjourn
ment was then taken until 2 p. m.
At that time the election of officers for
the ensuing year began with enthusiasm
Dr. G. YV. Daywalt, the Newly Elected
Grand Medical Examiner of the A.
O. U. W.
[From a photograph.]
and occupied the whole of the session
until the time of adjournment at 7 p. m.
Tavlor Rogers occupied the seat of honor.
The following is a list of the Grand
Lodae officers for the ensuinir year: Grand
master workman, William Vinter, San
Jose; grand foreman, A. F. Mackay. Los
Angeles; grand overseer, Herman Schaff
ner, San Francisco; grand recorder, D. S.
Hirshberg, Oakland; grand receiver. Sam
Booth, San Francisco; grand guide, W. H.
Evans, Monrovia; grand inside watchman,
D. S. Baxter, Pokegama; grand outside
watchman, J. D. Nield, San Francisco;
grand trustee, J. O. Lovejoy, Tulare;
grand medical examiner, George W. Day
wait; corporate directors — D. J. Toohy,
William Vinter, A. F. Mackay, D. S. Hirsh
berg, Sam Booth, J. O. Lovejoy, P. Abra
hamson, N. J. Norton, John Hoesch,
Frank S. Poland, C. H. M. Curry ; supreme
representatives — Edwin Panforth, George
B. Katzenstien. John N. Young.
The grand overseer. Herman Schaffner,
has been recorder of Memorial Lodge No.
174 for the last fifteen years, is grand
keeper of record? and sealof the Knights
of Pythias, and has held at various times
many other offices of importance in these
and other bodies.
In placing Samuel Booth in nomination
for grand receiver L. M. Manzer made a
brave oratorical effort, and elicited long
and continued applause. Said Mr. Manzer:
"After an experience of more than thirty
years in fraternal societies I am glad to
. state that I recognize the spirit of fra
, ternitv as existing as strongly to-day as it
I ever did.
"The grand receivership is an important
office. From the time the money leaves
the hands of the grand recorder until it is
placed in the bank, it remains in the pos
session of the grand receiver, and none of
us feel at our ease unless we know how to
be a man of probity and strict integrity.
The incumbent has acquitted himself
of his manifold duties most credtiably
and I feel proud to be able to state that to
me has been accorded the pleasure of plac
ing in nomination as his successor one
who will emulate the record of his prede
cessor.
"Gentlemen and brothers, for the grand
receiver I nominate poet of the order, old
Sam Booth."
Trie election of the grand master was
unanimous. He has passed through all
the offices laid down by precedent as pav
ing the way to the highest office in "the
State order, and tnere was none to oppose
him.
The nominations for grand recorder were
two— D. S. Hirschberg and J. \V. Ward.
On first ballot the vote stood 239 for Hirsch
berg as against 34 for his opponent.
Hirsehberg, so the members assert, is the
"pet" of the order. Not content with the
enconiums poured upon him by the nom
inator, two of the large number that rose
to second him managed to Keep the floor
long enough to add their personal opinions
to liis general record.
The greatest political wire-working came
into play in the election of the grand
medical examiner. The candidates were
two, the incumbent, Dr. J. L.Mayon,
and Dr. G. N. Daywaldt. An ac
tive faction was opposed to Dr. Mayon be
cause of his radical temperance advocacy.
In the preceding election, Dr. Daywaldt
had courteously withdrawn and left the
contest between Dr. Mayon and Dr. Georee
L. Fitch. c
• The counting of the rotes was anxiously
awaited. Amid great excitement it was
announced that Dr. Daywaldt had won by
eleven votes. A recount narrowed this
majority down to four and the official
count reduced it to one, the vote standing
127 for Dr. Daywaldt and 126 for Dr.
Mayon. ,
The election of the grand outside guard
was very protracted, many ballots being
taken before the selection of Neild.
General satisfaction prevails at the elec
tion. All the members think excellent of
ficers have been selected, though they may
not have had their sympathy during elec
tion. .. . . . . v
There was no meeting at B'nai B'rith
Hall in the evening^ as all wished to at
.tend the exercises at Laurel Hall, 32 O'Far
rell street, where the Ancient Order of
Adhesive Mogullians; made things warm
for about 150 candidates. To gain admit
tance members were required to bray.
The following catechism gives a general
idea of the whole:
' ' . : .' _. CATKCHIBM.
(Backers will worry the victim according to the
following schedule and fill all blanks before sign
ing.) .
1. Are you ticklish? ..... Js it hereditary?.
2. Docs It hurt you to laugh? .
3. If bo, state where and wherefore
: 4. Have you had the toothache within forty-five
years? .' :. . '
5. Do you bite your nails?. ..;.
6. Should you acquire Influenza do you agree to
wear a handkerchief ? ' |
7. Mow many plugged teeth do you wear?. '
8. Do you know a "sure cure" for corns or" rheu
matism?... 1 ... -' ■;-•  ,
9. Has your appetite increased" or diminished
late y?.'. .;.'. • : -
; 10. Are you a kicker? ... ■
11. If so, state what particular kind of a
"kick."...... .
A Dangerous Character.
Jeremiah Jones, the colored sailor who held
up and robbed Leonard Roche in the sand
hills last week, was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Conlan.
Captain Lees has looked into his record and
found that in London, Liverpool and Rio de
Janeiro he ■was convicted of grave offenses.
Among sailors be is looked upon as a danger
ous character. He is a. powerfully built man
over six feet tall.
GEORGE MARTIN'S CASE.
Arguments on the Rights of Railroad
Officials to Demand Sig
natures.
Four witnesses were examined in the
suit of George N. Martin against the South
ern Pacific Company yesterday, among
them being Martin himself, who was re
called by his own counsel. His examina
tion led to some argument.
The claim is made by the defense that
when Martin signed his name at the con
ductor's demand he purposely signed it in
a manner on the ticket that the conductor
could not but take the ticket up. This was
done, the defense claims, to form a ground
for action against the railroad.
Plaintiff's counsel proposed to show that
the nervous affection from which Martin
suffered at the time caused the change in
his handwriting, but the evidence was oh
jccted to and some time was consumed in
arguing the point. Mr. Delmas withdrew
his line of questions for the time, how
ever, and so the matter rested until this
morninp. In the course of his argument
Mr. Delmas contended that the company
had no right to place a passenger at the
mercy of any little petty official who could
demand a siunature whenever ha saw tit.
Barnes claimed in answer that that was
the only means of identification which was
practicable.
The other witnessesexamined testified as
to Martin's good character and to the prog
ress of the nervous ailment from which,
he is suffering.
TO EXTEND RESCUE WORK
California Girls' Training Home
Will Be Moved to Natoma
Street.
Forty Benevolent Persons Contribute
Money and Energy to the
Institution.
The work of the California Girls' Train
ing Home is to be enlarged at an early
date, and arrangements will be made at an
all-day meeting to be held at 26 Hill street
to-day for the transfer of the home to 147
and 149 Natoma street.
The decision to remove the institution to
the proposed iocation is the result of an
offer from forty benevolently inclined per
sons of both sexes and all ages to unite
their efforts for the reclamation of young
women with those of the directors of the
Training Home. No organization had as
yet been effected by the two score persons,
who were looking for an opportunity to
do rescue work, and when they heard of
the good work being done in* the sinal
NEW QUARTERS OF THE CALIFORNIA GLRLS' TRAINING UOME.
home or Hill street they offered their ser
vices and contributions of money to the
same end, They asked no change of name
or management and their offer was grate
fully accepted.
The Hill-street home is too small for the
extensive work contemplated. Therefore
it ha 3 been decided to rent the four-story
building on Natoma street, between New
Montgomery and Third, owned by Louib
Metzger.
The storeroom on the lower floor will
be reserved, but the three upper floors will
be partitioned and made ready for occu
pancy soon. Mr. Bugbee, the architect,
was calculating the cost of such improve
ments yesterday. The building was
erected about six years ago for manufac
turing purposes, but has never been used
except for storerooms.
A general invitation has been extended
to officers and friends of the home to
attend the conference to be held to-day
and to partake of the luncheon the girls of
the institution have prepared. The charge
for luncheon will be nominal and the pro
ceeds will go toward furnishing the new
quarters.
THAT RAWHIDE STRIKE.
Captain Nevills Gives Some Interesting
Particulars About the Bonanza.
Captain W. A. Nevills, one of the prin
cipal owners of the wicely known Raw
hide quartz mine not far from Sonora, in
Tuolumne County, has arrived here and is
at the Palace. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Nevills.
For several days stories have been in
circulation of a large strike in the Raw
hide. The first impressions as conveyed
by the report was that a veritable cave of
gold had been found ana that the addi
tional wealth was something enormous.
The report it now appears did not convey
an adequate idea of the discovery. It is
stated that it is not of the "jewelry-box"
order. It is plain good quartz that assays
about $20 a ton higher than at the 400-foot
level.
The development was made on the 900
--foot level and Mr. Nevills says that the
manner in which the ledge is solidifying
on the aforesaid level, where it was cut
and beyond, is very gratifying. From the
400 level down to that point the ledge was
soft and broken to a large extent. Now
the indications are that it will come in
solid, and at the same time the ore is
richer.
The shaft is being extended further, and
is now nearly to the 1000 level point.
Twelve men are at work. The electric
motors are running in part and very soon
there will b j a full head of power avail
able. Thirty stamps have been running
for a month past. Mr. Nevills has just
made a cleaa-UD.
THE CHINO RANCH SOLD
Purchased by an English Syn
dicate for $i,600,
--000.
THEY WILL COLONIZE IT.
The Largest Transaction Made in
Interior Land for Twenty
Ytars.
Tuesday evening Wendell Easton of the
firm of Easton, Eldridge & Co. returned
from Southern California, where he suc
ceeded in closing a land deal that is one of
the largest ever made in this State. The
property in question is the famous Chino
ranch, located in San Bernardino County,
about fifty miles east of Los Angeles. Ths
place is beat known because of the location
there ot the largest beet sugar factory in
the world, the lands of the Chino Valley
being especially adapted to the culture of
sugar beets. The purchasers of the ranch
are Englishmen, and the consideration is
$1,600,000. A contract of pale was tiled in
San Bernardino County Tuesday, and it
includes the sale of the Chino ranch of
40,000 acres, between 3000 ana 4000 head of
cattle, the racing stables of Richard Gird,
the owner of the ranch; also the Chino
dairy, the home place, the bans building
in the town of Chino, the Chino Valley
Railroad and the extensive water system
of the Chino Valley. The terms of sale are
$160,000 cash down, $550,000 within four
months and the balance within a year.
The gentlemen who have had charge of
the matter on behalf of the English syn
dicate left for London last night. The
purchasers intend to extend tne beet
sugar growing industry rapidly, and will
endeavor to get a good portion of the
place well under cultivation as soon as
possible. An office will be opened in Lon
don, and at that point negotiations will be
conducted with families to colonize the
lands. It is expected that fully 200 fami
lies will be brought over and settled this
year, and that at least 500 families in all
will be settled on the land before it is all
disposed of.
The history of the transaction is a long
and interesting one and its successful
termination reflects creat credit on Easton,
Eldridge it Co. Wendell Easton, who
has, aided by his brother, George Easton,
had entire charge of the matter, has been
workii:g on the deal for more than two
years. As in all transactions of such
magnitude many obstacles were en
countered, but by persistent effort on Mr.
Easton's part these were all gradually
overcome and success crowned his efforts.
The effect of this sale on land values in
this State cannot belp but be beneficial
in the extreme, for it serves to demon
strate that desirable farming Jancis in tibia
State can be disposed of iv advantage to
foreign capitalists. This fifm hasnegotia-
tions pending with another syndicate of
Englishmen tor the sale of another big
ranch, and indications arc very favorable
for their consummation at an early date.
The investment of such large sums of for
eign capital will necessarily nave a favora
ble effect on the values of good agricul
tural lands of all kinds.
CHANGES IN THE SERVICE
Lieutenant Buhner of the Hartley
Transferred to New
Orleans.
Belief That Captain Healy and Lieuten
ant Daniels Will Jse Removed
From the Coast.
Lieutenant Buhner of the United States
revenue launch Hartley has been ordered
to report for duty at New Orleans. He
was formerly executive officer of the Bear,
but became involved in the quarrel be
tween Captain Healy and Lieutenant Dan
iels. He took Healy's end of the dispute,
and was himself under fire for a time.
The charges against him, however, were
not sustained and he did not suffer the
indignity of suspension as did his old
commander. But his connection with the
scandal was so pronounced that for the
benefit of the service his removal to
anottier locality was deemed advisable by
Secretary Herbert.
Lieutenant Butts will succeed Buhner in
the service of the Pacific. He comes from
New Orleans and is a stranger to this
coast.
It is understood that there will be other
changes in the service at an early date,
as the Secretary of the Navy seems deter
mined to restore at least a degree of har
mony anrnng the officers of the different
vessels on the coast. The quarrels and
scandals that have been cropping out
among the officers and men of late have
been injurious to the service.
There has been no authentic information
from Washington as to tiie findings of the
court-martial in the Healy investigation.
It is not believed that the captain has been
dismissed from the service. There is a
belief, however, that he will be removed to
the Atlantic Coast, as his usefulness on the
Pacific is thought to have come to an end.
"As jolly as' a sandboy" represents the
hopping to and fro of a marine insect seen
everywhere along our coasts, whose leaps
j*ive the idea oi mirth and jolliu.
%J^? -^■^'ar^^^i -^^^^r?^-^^^ ' t— ~
MPA SODA SPRIGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bekn- There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofnce.
Burros to ride. Bowlinsr alleys, tennis, croquet,
s-.vin.s and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' rtelient: husbands' rest.
A ddress AND RE W J aCKSON, N apu Soda Springs
PACIFIC COMESS SPRINGS.
One of the Finest Hotels In California.
lOCATED IX THE C A XYON OF THE SANTA
-i Cruz Mountains, a mile above Saratoga, amid
enchanting scenery. 800 feet above the sea level,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
Pt'RE SPRING of the famed CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATEK of the tlkalo-
chnlybeate class: valuable for table use aud dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaiu-ous affections.
HOTKL and COTTAGES.
NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone; good stabies.
RATES VERY KKASONABLE; only 2V a
hours from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for
particulars.
J. V. PFKTCH, Proprietor.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG !
Queen of All Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1896.
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building,
San Francisco.
HARBN nOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT-
nANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
commodious rooms; large new dinlns-room;
everytlun? newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages.
Stage daily from Cnlistoea to springs; round-trip
ticket nt southern Pacific office, 88. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
flTr I nfifi HOTSPKIKGS.Sonoma
V V k I■l ' V bounty, only 41/2 hours from
\ h [I ITiT\ San '•ranclsco; hut 9 miles
I] |\ nll II ■■ stasitig: new road through
** A* ■*■»•»* VI WJ canyon; new stazt-s; sanitary
pi un- bins: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curutive properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds; mosquhos aiK? other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburou ferry at 7:;-(0
a. m. or 3:30 r. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
T AI'REL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
XJ Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$S to $12 per week; route 9. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 85: round trip $9 50. Address H.
WAMBOI.D. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake Connty.Cal.
A^ood thing-push it along
The largest piece of
ever sold for 10 cents
"CLEANLINESS IS NAE PRIDE, DIRT'S NAE HONESTY."
COMMON SENSE DICTATES THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
COUNTY, O-A.U.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE^
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
' thirty kinds of mineral springs? shortest stage
route Into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco it costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are $1 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the 8. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
. San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery »t.
YOUR VACATION !
• Where Shall You Spend It?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN E. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
. Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED OX CLEAR LAKE,
is most nicturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volu:"..' of delicious soda water which
it throws out caily. amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has Jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with • the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Bel!der T -Blue Lakes and . Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 60; round trip, 310. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Keiseyville, Lake County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
Hopland, Btendocino County, Cal.,'
"TOTIXjIj O_=»_3J>J- 3VE AY X
rpiilS NEW 3-STORY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
-L tel Is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N.P. R. K. The hotel Is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the vallay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There, are several furnished cot-
tages; also tine Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards, Lawn-Teunls, Croquet,
Shuflie-Bdards.. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2200
feet. Beautiful view.
■ " O. HO WELL, Proprietor.
Board, SIO to $12 Per Week. Free Bus.
EL BONITO HOTEL
■VTOW •. OPEN TO TOURISTS . FOR THB
-Li season :"saH and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : terms
reasonable, ■ G.W.MORGAN,
■ '.Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., Cal.
________ „__
McNATH'S.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME IX
the Coast Range Mountains hunting and fishing
visit A. B. McNath's. S. F. and X. P. R. R. to
Uklah, Besseyhill stage to Potter and McNath's
stage .to Hullville. Round trip ticket, $12 75.
Guides and.horses furnished campers. Thirty-five
miles of fishing. P. 0., Hullville, Lake County, Cal*
QOLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— II MILES
O from Xapa City, on Mount Vedtr; elevation
1600 feet: mountain spring water: fine scenery:
healthiest climate: positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Nupa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable. Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI-M3IARY OF THE MARKETS.
Larger Internal Revenue Collections.
Increased exports of Wheat and Flour.
Silver firmer.
Shipment of $333,132 to China,
Wheat and Barley steady.
Choice Oats firmer.
Corn and Rye dull.
Kran higher. Middlings firm.
No fun her change in Beans.
Hay as before.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions firm.
Butter and Cheese weak.
K(S> very steady.
Poultry and Game about the same.
Green I'eas much lower.
Apples scarce and higher.
Oranges very stiff.
Provisions unchanged.
Dried Fruit producers get some good advice.
IMrORTAXT TO FRUIT-GROWERS.
One Reason for the Depression In Cali
fornia Fmita.
The Northwestern Wholesale Grocers' Asso
ciation of Bt Paul has issued the following
circular to the fruit-growers and dried-fruit
dealers of Caliiornia:
This association, representing as It does all the
wholesale grocers doing business in the great
Northwest, protests acainst the present demoral
ized condition of the dried fruit market, growing
out of the indiscriminate shipments of dried fruits
by the frult-erowers of your stete to farm proauce
and preen fruit dealers in this section of the coun-
The practical effect of this is that such shipments
are thro>vn on this market oy such farm produce
and green fruit dealers at prices ruinous to both
the original shippers and to the legitimate dealers
li, dried fr'ilts. and such shipments are sold with
out regard to their value at whatever prices may
be offered for them.
The poods are used us baits to increase the sale
of oranges, lemons and farm products, and the
principal object sought to be gained Is the commis
sion to be earned, without proper regard to the in
terests of the shipper. Such sales establish a ficti
tious price and depreciate the real value of every
pound of like goods which we may beat that lime
carryine in stock. Our market is thus kept in un
certainty, and legitimate handling of such goods is
made unsatisfactory and hazardous.
We feel that the interests of the California fruit
growers, the legitimate handlers of dried fruit in
California and the jobbers in groceries (which in
clurte dried fruits) in this market are identical,
and none of them are benefited by the slaughter
ing of goods in the manner suggested. It is foreign
to our wishes or interests that the fruit-growers of
the Pacific Coast should be ruined by the sacrifice
of their products in this market.
We therefore hereby place ourselves on record
as being wholly opposed to the methods referred
to, which are subversive of the best interests of all
parties concerned, and respectfully recommend to
the fruit-crowers of California that they should
ignore delusive circulars or personal solicitors
from this station of the Northwest soliciting indi
vidual shipments to unknown parlies, who may
premise enticing returns from such shipments:
and we further recommend them to dispose of
their products through known and regular dealers
or brokers in dried fruit, and not otherwise. Very
respectfully, Northwestern Wholesale Grocers'
Association, by J. 11. Beck. secretary.
Commenting on the above a leading local
authority on dried iruit says:
This should be of interest to every one in the
dried fruit business, showlngthat the East is in as
bad shape as we are, and mainly through the folly
of our California growers in rising to the gaudy
fly o! the Irresponsible solicitor of consignments.
' -■ i
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrM
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, if any, the amount ot
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundred
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Th«
word -high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
lisually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With r.
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these condition* will produo*
*n opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpartmest op Agriccl/-
TfRK, WKATIIER BUEKAC, SaN FRANCISCO,
April 8, 1896, 5 p. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date las' sea
son: Kureka 37.21. last season 38.72; Red Bluff
16.91, last season 27.73: San Francisco 16.81, last
season 23.87: Fresno 5.37, last season 13.16: San
Luis Obispo 15.43. last season 24.90; Los Angeles
8.88, last season 15.45: San Diego 5.68, last season
1.90; Yuma 0.88. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
6>. Red Bluff 66. San Francisco 60, Fresno 68,
San Luis Obispo 68, Los Angeles 72, San Diego 68,
"V lima 90.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 60, meau 55.
The following rainfall has occurred in Califor
nia during the past twenty-four hours: Eureka,
The area oi high pressure which was central last
evening on the, Northern California coast has
moved southward during the vast twenty-four
liours ana Is now central near San Francisco. The
pressure is falling to the northward and the condi
tions indicate the presence of a moderate storm
near the Washington and Oregon coasts. The
pressure 'is falling rapidly from ' San Francisco
northward, and it now seems probable that rain
will occur within the next twenty-four hours
throughout the northern portion of California, but
little if any rain is expected south of San Fran
cisco.
I recast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 9. 1896:
Northern California— Showers in the north por
tion: partly cloudy In the south portion: fresh to
brisk southerly winds in the north portion.
southern California— Fair Thursday; . fresh to
brisk westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair, except showers ' in the extreme
north portion.
Utah— showers in the north portion; fair in the
south portion.
Arizona— Fair Thursday. -
.San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy and prob
ably occasional showers Thursday; brisk southerly
to westerly winds. ■
W. H. Haiihon, Forecast Official. '
NEW YORK MARKETS.
' Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 8.-Speculaiion at
the Stock Exchange as of late was quiet and al
together professional. The total sales were only
153.160 shares. At the opening the market was
strong and prices moved up ',4^1%, Manhattan
leading with sales up to 110. The stock was
bought on tne revival of the report that the,com
pany would make an alliance with the Vander
bilts. Other firm stocks were: General Electric,
- the Grangers and Louisville and Nashville. Gen
eral Electric sold up to 36»/s on a report that the
negotiations with the Fort Wayne Company, were
progressing favorably.' Louisville and Nashville
moved up to 501/g on covering of short contracts.
Tobacco was feverish throughout, and after
breaking ironi *:<* t to 81 V» rallied to 821/2- In
the last half hour of business the market devel
oped weakness on vague rumors from Washington
that the President to-morrow will send a message
to Congress approving the Cuban resolutions. The
engagement of 8500.000 in gold lor shipment to
Europe to-morrow ■ and- the talk of additional ex
porj-t on Saturday led to a general though modest'
■filing movement. l'rios fell Vi to 'Jij per cent,
suuar. Manhattan, J-ouisvlle abd Nasiivi'.le and
the grangers bring particularly weak at this time.
speculation closed weak. Net changes sho*
losses of Vital 3 ,! per cent. Tobacco. General
KUrtrlc and Manhattan gained \\'n<g,\ Vh per cent.
Bonds w«re easier; sal»:» were 1,100,000. Atchi
son general fours certificates fell lVa to 75, do
seconds 1 to 25, Chesapeake and Ohio four and a
half 1 to 72, Colorado Midland general sixes cer
tificates V 2 to 72 Va and Duluth and Iron Range
fives 1 to 102.
In Government bonds $1000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 115% aud SIOOO coupon five* at
1133.4- - : .
Grain.
FLOUR— Active at higher prices: winter wheat,
low grades, *2 26@2 90 : do, fair to fancy, $2 85®
3 90: do, patents, $3 90@4 25: Minnesota clear,
$2 70@3 20: do, straits. $3@3 60: patents, $3 45®
4 35; low extras. $2 26@2 90: city mills. $4 16®
4 25: do, patents, $4 30<q,4 50: rye mixtures, $2 50
@3 30; superfine, $2@2 60; tine, $2@2 30. South
ern flour. unchanged, quiet; common to- fair ex
tra. $2 40@3; gooa to choice. $3@3 30. Rye
flour, quiet, steady at $2 65@2 95. •
BUCKWHEAT— 4O(g»4I c.
CORN'MEAL— Steady; yellow Western, 12 20@
2 26: Brandy wine. $2 20.
KYE— Nominal. Western, 47c.
BARLEY— Ungraded Western, 39@41c.
BARLEY MALT- Western. 48@55c.
WHEAT- easier with options. No. 2 red,
store and elevator, 82Vic; afloat, 83V2@833ic;
f.o. b.,B3Vi@B4Vic: ungraded red, 64®8&c; No. 1
Northern, 76@76 1 ,4 C '
Options were active and irregular with consider
able excitement, and closed weak at 34@lc de
cline on easier cables, free foreign ; selling, lower
West and general liquidation. May ana .luiy 111031
active. No. 2 red April. 735/ 8 c: May, /8 c;
June 723,4 c; July, 723 /4 c; September, 72y c; De
cember, 745/ B e. "
CORN -Dull, stronger. No. 2, 39c elevator; 40c
afloat.
Options active and closed weak at VsQVic de
cline, following the West' and on local realizing;;
May and July most active. Way, 363/ 8 c; July,
37 l ß c.
OATS— Spot, steady, dull. No. 2, 25 y,c; No. 2
white. 26i/oc: No. 2 Chicago, 26i/ 2 c: No. 3. 24V-jC:
No. 3 white, 25V 2 c: mixed Western, 26@26y a c; do
white 26@-.ttVjc: white State, 26@28V«c.
Options dull, easier. April, 25% c; May, 2434 c.
FEED— Bran, 60@62Vj<c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet, steady, unchanged. Beef hams,
dull, $14 50@15. Tierced beef, 1 slow, steady;
City extra India mess, $15@15 60. Cut meats,
quiet, steady, unchanged.
LAKD— Dull, nominal. ; Western steam, 85 35;
city, 84 So@4 95; May, $5 40. Refined, slow;
continent. $6 65; South American. St>; compound.
45/ g (ffi434c.
PORK— DuII, steady; mess, $9@9 60; new
mess, • ". i- : ; : " 25.
BUTTER— Fair demand; fancy, steady; Imita
tion creamery, HV2®lsc; others unchanged.
CHEESE— FairIy active: State, large, 6@loVic;
do fancy, 10®14c; do small, 6@10%c; part skims,
3(<£7c; full skims, l%@2Vic.
EGGS— Good demand: Jinn. State and Penn
sylvania, 13c: Southern, 11 3 , 4 C: Western fresh,
lisi@i23ic: duck, 20(523c; goose, 60c.
TALLOW- Quiet. City, SVac: country, Sy 2
@35,' 8 c >".-.-:. f, :' ,- "•■.■■
COTTON BEED OlL— Steady, quiet. Crude,
2iy«c: yellow prime, 25V2@263,ic; do off grades,
26^x^25340.
RESlN— Quiet, steady. Strained common to
good. $1 72y 2 @l 75. ■-, -■■■..
TURPENTINE— DuII, firm; 28y 2 @29c.
RlCE— Firm.fairly active. Domestic fair to extra,
3@sSic; Japan, 4@4Vic
MOLASSES— Firm. New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27®37c.
COFFEE- Doll 5(0.10 points up. April," $13;
May. $12 75; June, 81225: September. $11@11 05;
1 October. $10 80; December, $10 60. Spot Rio
dull: No. 7. B»ic
SUGAR— Raw, firm; more active; fair refining,
33.4 c: centrifugals 96 test, 4* 4c. Refined fairly
active. v a c higher; off A, 4 13-16@5c; mould A,
55/ 8 c; standard A, 53/ 8 c; confectioners' A, s Vic;
cut loaf, 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered, sft.ac: granu
lated, 684 c; cubes, 6s/ B e.
Freights to Liverpool steady.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA. FRUlTS— Almonds — Soft-shell,
7y a @Bc; do paper-shell. Il(<il2c.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9@I2V3C
PEACHES— PeeIed. 13 Wg;lsc:unpeeled,4@6y,c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 5(£,5i,4C
RAlSlNS— Clusters. $1 25(g,l 40: do London
layers, 80@90c; do three-crown loose Muscatel,
3y 2 @3s/BC.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6%®7c; do soft-shell,
BVj@loc. Market dull and nominal.
HOPS— Quiet: steady, state common to choice,
4<SBy 2 c: Pacific Coast, 2i/o@Bc
WOOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 26@32c;
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 9{a,l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Moderate demand; American, $11
@13 50.
COPPER-Easy; Lake, $10 75@10 87^.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. $3 O7Vi©3 10.
TIN-Steady: straits. $13 40: plates dull.
fePi.LTEK-Q.uiet: domestic, *4 12@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS,
CHICAGO, lix., April B.— The wheat market
was charged with bull feeling this j morning, and It
took a great while for the enthusiasm to calm
down. Right at the start prices were a shade
below where they closed on Monday, and consid
erably under the curb quotations of yesterday.
But a -very few moments passed, however when a
sharp advance took place, "shorts" covering ner
vously, and believers of values ; buying with
abandon. - The fact that Liverpool showed no dis
position to. keep pace with us, as seen in a decline
o? i.id this morning, was the explanation of the
easier opening, but the crowd looked for a bullish
Government report, and that dwarfed other con
siderations. Realizing sales caused recessions
later In the mornin?, business becoming rather
dull, when the buying fever abated. Receipts at
Chicago were 30 cars. The Northwest had 314
cars, against 257 last Wednesday and 184 a year
ago. withdrawals from store at this place were
110,656 bushels. Closing continental cables were
generally lower.
Export clearances at Atlantic ports for two days
amounted to 631,440 bushels. The market devel
oped quit a weak feeling near the close, and
prices declined to the lowest point of the session at
that time, determined buyers of early in the session
I being quite as eager to sell later. May wheat
; opened frsm 66% to 66y 2 c, advanced to 68c, de
| clined to and closed at 66ViC Vi@ s /8C under Mon
-1 day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 20 cars.
I CORN— Was helped by wheat, but owing to the
i inactivity of trade in this grain values fluctuated
, but slowly. The opening' was easy, following
1 which a slight Improvement look place. Liver
pool cables were quiet and i,4d lower. Receipts
were 396 cars, and 183,000 bushels were with
drawn from store. Export clearances for two days
amounted to 640,557 bushels. The late easy feel
ing of wheat was participated in by corn. May
corn opened from 30i4®305/gC to 30Vac, sold be
tween 30y c and 3oy B e, closing at the inside, Vg@
Vie under Monday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 220 cars,
OATS— If oats derived any benefit from the
strength of wheat It was scarcely apparent. Prices
were possibly a trifle steadier than they otherwise
would have been, but quotations were generally
lower than Monday. Better seeding conditions
were reported throughout the country, that serv
ing to cause an easy feeling. Receipts were 264
cars and 1000 bushels were taken from store. May
oats closed Vi@ 5 /8C under Monday. Estimated re
ceipts for tomorrow 180 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash. 90c: May, 2 @B9c;
September. 93c. * Receipts were 34 cars. '
PROVISIONS— Product was firm and higher to
day. Trading was of fairly good proportions, buy
ers evlnding a little more courage. The late de
cline leaves room for a rally and operators are in
clined to play for one. . The hog market was firm
and 5c higher, and that in addition to the buoy
ancy of wheat was of assistance to provisions. The
decline In wheat later was Influential in weaken
ing the product before the close. May pork closed
6c under Monday, May lard 2'/ 2 c higher and May
ribs unchanged.
Closing Prices.
AT— April, ■ 66 Vic; May. 6614 c; July,
665- 8 @6«34c. •
CORN—April, 29»/sc: May, 30J/ 8 c; July, 3iy 8 c;
September. 32Vi@3^3/ gC . , . .
OATS— 19S/ic; July, . 20c: September,
201/4 C. - • . . 'j
PORK-May, $8 57%: July, $8 77Va-
LARD— $5 12y 2 ; July. $5 26.
RIBS- May, $4 60; July, $4 73Va.
< Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. April B.— The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light. Early trading
was at an advance of 10c. but buyers held back
later, and the close was slow. Offerings of hogs
were light, and everything was well taken. An
average advance of 5c was ■ noted. The receipts of
sheep were fair, but the demand was indifferent,'
and prices were barely steady, while lambs were
weak. ■
CATTLE — Receipts. . 10,000. tancy beeves
$4 50@4 65: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 54 •JUia.A 45: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 90@4 15; medium steers, 1000 '<
to 1300 pounds. $3 7f>£)H H5: common steers, 950 i
to 1300 pounds. $3 40®3 70: choice stockers
and feeder*. $3 40@3 85: common to good
«;ockers. $2 •Oig.S : 0: bulls, choice to extra. $2 75®
3 26: bulls, poor to good, $2 2J@2 70; cows and
heifers, extra. S3 60@4; cows, fair to choice,
*2 40@3 40: cows, poor to Kood canners. 81 60@
2 3ft: veal calves, t good to choice, $4 i2f>ffls 26:
calves, common- to good. $3@4; Texas fed
steers. $3 15@4r:' ; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
¥2 26(a,3 26; milkers and springers, per head, $20
(S4O.
HOGS— Receipts, 17.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lot«. $3 60@3 80: common to choice
mixed. »3.65@3 90: choice assorted, $3 85(£4;
light, $3 76@4 ; pigs, $3@3 96.
SHEKP— Receipts. 16,000. Inferior to choice,
12 75(93 90 ; lambs, $3 75®4 70. . •
NEW IOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.,
Money on call steady at 3@4.y,¥: last loan at 3Vi%
and closed offered at .31/3 V. Prime V mercantile
paper, sVa@6%. Bar silver, 68Vic Mexican dollars,
64 1 '4C. t*reriing exebanci* firm, with actual business
in banners' bills at 84 t'B(s4 88Vi for 60 days ens
#4 89@4 89 14 for demand. Posted rat**, 84 «9®
4 90. Commercial bills, $4 87y 2 <&* 88. Govern
ment bonds ' firm; State bonds dull; railroad
bonds quiet. Silver at the board was dull. *
llf.f.lK« *TOCK«.
in Tel & Cable.... 93 (Norfolk <& West 1/-
At*hlson_ l 5T /8 Preferred. „ • 6.< i
Preferred 26V4 1 Northern Paclfia.. I\l
Adams express. .l 47 ; Preferred lls/,
Alton, Terra Haute. 60 Nonnwesusrn.
American Express. lll - ' Preferred 145y»
American Tobacco. f 4 1,4 N. Y. Central... . 96
Preferred... ;.... !)h 'N .Y. Chicago&ijU It
Bayßtateiias 2 1 j Ist preferred 75
. Baltimore & Ohic. 18 s /s id preferred. 321/..
Brunswick Lands.. V 2 N. Y.&N. H,..^.178'"
Buffalo, Roch it P. 13 ■ IK. Y.dt New Eog 40
Canada ' Pacific... . 65 N. Y. Susq <k W... 8
Canada Southern.. : 4h13 /i 'Preferred, „ 2a Vi
taaiea xui1..,,, „ W^j 0ntari0. .;.......,.. 14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TaURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
Central Pac1f10 .... : 153/4 Ontario * Western. 14
Chen. A Ohio. 16 Oregon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 156 Preferred. .......: —
Preferred...*.'..... 170 Oregon Narlcatlon. 19 '
Chicago, a. <fc t1.... 771/8 Orecon Short Una. ' 3V&
Chicago <fc K. 111... 40% Pacific Mall „ 2Bya
-Preferred... 1»iO rconiv. D.<& Evans. 2VJj
Chicago wa5.. ...... «7y 2 Pittsbur«& W pW. 15
CleveA Pittsbunt.l6o I Pullman Palace... 166
Consolidation Coat. SO ' 'Quicksilver.... ..-._ '18/g
Consolidated Gas.. 161 Va) Preferred... 16 ,
C. C.C. <t 8U louis, 341/8 Reading ........ lOVi
Preferrea......... 85 iKioGrande&Wsata 18
Colo. Fuel <& Iron.. *9V* Preferred „ 45
Preferred......... 90 Rock Island ...... 71
Cotton Oil cert.... 14% '' Rome Wat &Ogdenll4
Commercial Cable. 15M St. L. &a W 4Vi
Del. Hudson 126Va Preferred......... ioy»
l>el.J.arkjt\Vtiterul;,!('4 Bt.Paul... ........ 75ya
Uenv«r(SK.l*».... lij^a Preferred...; 127%
Preierrea.. 473/s Bt. Paul Dulntb. 24
DistHlers....:....^ 17% Preferred 87
General Electric... 37<><8 St. Paul <fc Omaha, 38
Erie 1413 Preferred.. 121
Preferred 38 6t. 1: m. & M......110
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Ceruncaces.. 6814
G reat Northern Dta.l lo .Southern Pacific... i9 I y'»
Green 8ay.... */ a boutnern A. X... — 9
Har1em....... ...... 29& ; Preferred 29Va
Hocking Coal 23 4 bugar Refinery.... 1 17 s /4
Hocking VaUey... 16 j Preferred. lOOVa
Homestalte........ 30 Term. Coal <£ Iron. 30 V*
H. * Texas Cent-. * a A Preferiwl... .100
Illinois Central.... B4i /a Texas Pacific...... 7%
lowa Central 9 jToI.A.A.A N. Jticn.—
Preferred.... ...„ 37 101. & OhloC'en.... 30
Kansas <fc Texas. _ IU/4: Preferred 70
Preferred 26.^'lol.bt. Louis* 6MI
Kingston & Pern... 3 I Preferred......... 10
Lake Erie & Westa 18 ; Union Pacific...... Bvi
Preferred......... 70 U P.. Den. <fc Gait :-iy»
La*e 5h0re.. ;..... 147Vi U .8. Cordage... , 4.'i/l I
National Lead. . 24y 8 | Preferred 9y
Preferred......... 8H3,.,; Gnaranteed....... 19
Longlslana ....... 81 U. B. Express....^ 43
Louisville & Nash, 49Vj|U. S. Leather 8%
Louisville Na& Ch. BV2 Preferred......... 60"a
Preferred......... 20 U. B. Ruober.....^ 26»/4
Manhattan Consoi. lOßS/4 Preferred. .. S5
Mempnis <fc Cnarla. 16 Itlca B. River.. lQo
Mexican Central... 10s/ 8 VVab. S. L. & Pao.. ! 6%
Michigan Central.. 89 Preferred 17v£
Minn<t 8. l. - — |Weils-Fargo. 100
Preferred......... Western Union.... &*y*
li lnn. & st. L. com. 19 WlsCentra*.. 2y«
Ist preferred "79Va Wheeling &L. JS.. »y
adpreferrea 511,4 Preferred 82 '
Missouri Padfla... 24. Am Couon Oil pfO. 80Va
Mobile 0hi0..... 32 |W V 8eef .......... 8
KashvllleChatt.... 68' | ! Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 18%! Preferred 261,4
N.J. Central los I Brooklyn Traction. 2o" s
North American... £ ! 4
'.■-•.'. : . tJO-iN« -BCfsnn.'
V 4b. ree 108s/ B MKT2ds 68
Do, 4s conpon...lU9'v i 45...... .... 8514
0 B4snewreg.....lle3jMutual Union' 65... 113
Do, 4s coupon. ..116v g N J Cent Gen 65. ..117
Do. 25....... 96 Northern Pao lsts.lls
f o. 6s ....113S/ 8 | Do. 2ds lllij
Do. 6s c0uD0n....113i.~ ' Do.Sfls.. 7MA
Cherokee 189«. lOi, ' N on nwesV Consols! 1
Do. 1897 100 Do, deb 6s .1086/ a
D 0.1898 100 OR&n Ists.... 110' 8
Do. 1899... 100 StL&lronMtGen 5i 77
Pacific of '85.... St L& S F G«n 6a.106y 4
C V.?" 6 65.. 109 Vi St Paul Consols ... 13 8
Ala Class A 4.......1U6 [(St. P. C. 4Pa Ists ll«iA
Do. Class 84, 65.10« I Do. Pac Ca! lists- 107
l*Consol4s. 97 ! Southern R. R. 6s. 91
Missouri funding..— Texas Pacific firsts XSi/o
Carollnacon 119 i/ Texas Pac seconds. 23
_- D *»;• — 105 UnionPao 15t0r96. 104
Co Carolina 4V^s... 106 j West Shore 4s. .105
Term new a. **« ! Mobil* 4 Ohio is.. 66
> a funding aeos... 60^ /4 R GranaeWest lsts 75
■S*-««K — Ches & O 6s 108
Do. deferred 69... 6 Atchlson 45........ 76
Do. trust rep st 6 Do. 2ds A "5
Canada South 2ds.. lO4Vi O H <fe S A 65.."."" 106
Cen Pac lstsor '95 100 Vi Do. 2d 7s. " — 100
Den AR a Ist 112 vii H& Tex Cent 6.:: 108
F o> * 8 88 I Do.cones 100
*: neidß 65 Reading 4s 7sy a
Kansas Pa consols 74 Missouri b» . . ..... . log
ks *a lets Den dlvlO9
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN "LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., April K-The spot market
is firm at 5s 3 d@ss BVad. Cargoes firm at 28s
arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool Quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April
fs 6Vsd: May. 6s7d; June, 6s 7d; July, 6s7iAd*
August, 5s 7y 3 d. ..i
BECtTRITIKS.
LONDON, E.vg.. April B.— Consols. llOVi: sU
ver, 31 3-lttd; French Rentes, lOlf 16c.
i EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — S4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight b _■'■":. 4 89Va
Sterling Cables . _ 490
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
tine Silver, ounce . — BBIA
Mexican Dollars 65 66
EXPORTS OF BREADSTDFFS.
Exports of flour from this port during the first
nine months of the current crop year were 720,732
barrels, against 743.063 during the same time of
the preceding year. Reducing this flour to a
wheat basis and adding it to the exported wheat
gives total exports of breadstuffs thus far this crop
year of 11,194.000 ctls, valued ai $11,500,000,
against 8,750,400 ctls, at 7,577,800 in 1895.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections In this district last
month were $182,401, making total collections for
the first quarter of 1896 of $523,660, against
1358,777 for the same time in 1895. This year's
collections include $133,971 for beer, 326,909 for
spirits and $49,667 for cigars and tobacco.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic lookout a treasure list of $833,132,
consisting of $96,792 in Mexican Dollars, $1300
in Gold Coin, $140 in Gold Dust and $235,000 in
Silver Bullion.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Steady at the improved prices, with
a moderate Inquiry. No. 1, $1 07y @l 08*54;
choice, $1 10@l Hl4: lower grades, $I@l 06 Vi:
extra choice for milling, $1 16@1 20.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session'— lo o'clock — December—
400 tons. $1 091/4; 2400, $1 09V«; 800, $1 093/
May— 2oo, $1 086 8 .
Regular Moe.nins Session— December— loo
tons. $1 09; 1000, $1 09l/ 8 . May— 3oo, $1 08y 2 .
Afternoon i session — December— 7oo tons,
$1 09y4- May-100, $1 08y 2 ; 300, $1 08%.
BARLEY— Firm at the quotations. Feed, 68»i
@7iy 4 c %l ctl; choice, 72V2@733/4,c 3* til; Brew- 1
ing, 80@86&
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 3oo
72% c
Rkoulab Morning Session— December— 300
tons, 7284 c: 100, 72% c May-100, 72c.
Afternoon Session — December— loo tons.
73V 8 c: 300, 7 3 Vic. 400, 73S/ B e. May— loo, 73c;
100, 72y B e.
OATS— BlacK and Red are out of market. Sur
prise and Fancy Feed are a fraction better. Trade
is quiet. Milling, 76@82y a c f* ctl; fancy Feed,
82y ®87yic: good to choice, 76©80 c; common to
fair. 67y a 2 c; Gray, 72V a @Boc; Surprise, 90c
@$1 V ctl. * . - .
CORN— No further change. Market dull. Large
Yellow. 87y 2 @9oc: Small Round do, 97V-icra'sl-
White. 8v!V 2 (ajß6l*.c!j* ctl. /2 '
RYE-77y a ft ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 85®Soc $ ctl.
FLOUR AND MIL.LSTUFFB.
FLOUR— cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 75@3 85; Bakers' extras, $3 66@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3 ~$ bbl. *-
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Com, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 ¥1 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
23,4 c; Rye Flour, 3 Vic; Rice Flour, 7-Vic; Corn
meal, 2^4@3c; extra cream do, 3i/ c; Oatmeal,
334 c: Oat Groats, 4i/ 3 c; Hominy, 4fe4Vtjc; Buck
wheat-Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y a Farina,
4y 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 8c; Rolled Oats, 4y a c;
Pearl Barley, 4i^c; Split Peas, 43/ 4 c; Green do,
5 Vie 1* tt>. -
HAY AND FEED STUFFS.
j- BRAN-Hlgher at $13 50@14 9 ton.
MIDDLINGS-Firm at $16 60@17 50 * ton for
lower grades and $18@19 %l ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 '$, ton; jobbing
$21; Cottonseed Oilcake. $21 ~r ton.
HAY— Wheat, $B@ll 60 fi ton: Oat, $B@9-
Wheat and Oat. $8@11: Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa, $7
@9: Clover, $6@B 60; Compressed, $7@lO 50;
Stock, $6@7 V ton. ,;. ;.;•• ,
STRAW— 3S@SSc ? bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bay os are quotable at $I@l 10: Small
Whiles, $1 iay 2 ®l 60; Pea. $1 10®l 40 * ctl-
Large Whites, $I@l 16 "$ ctl; Pink, 90c@*l 10:
Reds. $1 25; Blackeye, nominal; Red kidney,
$1 75; Limas, $2 46@2 60: Butters,sl'6o(ai 70.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable a[~sl 50®
225 ctl: Trieste.' *2(52 60; Yellow Mustard,
$1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70^)1 80; Canary, 23/. ft,'
Alfalfa, 7Va®9y c * Ib; Rape. 2y c '$ B>; Hemp)
DRIED PEAS-$1 26@1 40 » ctl for Nilea
and $1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, ■ VEGETABLES.
POTATOES- New Potatoes, l@H/ a c « ft; : Mer
ced Sweets. s2 50@2 76 * ctl; River Burbanks, 30
@30c ip sacic; Oregon Burbanks. 30@60c a ctl-
Oregon Garnet Chiles. 60@85c; Early Rose 30®
40c: Petalumasand Tomales, 30@45c a sack '
ONIONS— Firm. Good to choice. 60@75c a
ctl: Cut Onions, 26@40c: Oregon. 75®$] c it ctl
VEGETABLES-Arrivals were 72» boxes As
paragus and 728 boxes Rhubarb and 721 sucks
Peas. ■■.:.,.}*. :■:,-. »«-*»
Green Peas were lower under the increased re-
Ecg Plant, 16C; Summer' Squash, 10 ip Kb-
Mexican Tomatoes. *1 60@2 "51. box: Los Auceles
Tomatoes, $1 50@2 « bo.x: Cucumbers ' 60@76S
«i «i» Ai *5 MI * uaf * I ®r l £° * box for ordinary and
*1 <5@2. for 'extra; Rhubarb. 35@75c; Mush
rooms. ■.»•»!.' Dried Peppers* 10@l a^c-
Green Peppers, i 1 . ; Green Peas, 2@2Vic '*
}b: String Beans, { 8@10c: Dried Okra, ' 12y~c
s:quasir', 4 20 C #to C : «;rt te -:»e«c* U>: X*"™*"
POULTRY" AND CAMK. . ■
POULTRY— There was very litUe change.
_ Live Turkeys, 12Va@15c •$ Ib for Gobblers. 14®
16c3 Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, ltfc; Geese ft
pair. $1 50®2; Ducks, S4 50@6 ? doz for old and
SX@9 for young; Hens, $4@5: Roosters
young, $7SO@9: do. old, $4@5: Fryers. $6 50
(& <: Broilers, $5 50@6 for large and $3@4 50 for
omail: Pigeons, $1 75(d)2 25 for young and $1 76®
2 for old.
GAME-Hare, 75c ¥ dozen: Rabbits, *1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 doz lor small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The floors are liberally stocked and
the market is weak.
Creamery— Fancy, 15c: seconds, He tb.
Daiky— Fancy, 13@13y 2 c *» ft: good to choice,
l-'^l-jyjc; lower gnules, ll@liy a c.
Eastern— Nominal.
CHEESE— Is weak at the decline. Eastern are
lower unaer increasing receipts, nnd dealers are
shading the quotations to effec- sales. Fancy mild
new. 9V 2 @loc: common to good, B@9c; Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c: Voune America, 10@llc; West
ern, ll@12e: Eastern, 13(&14c.
EGGS— Both ranch and store Eggs were firm yes
terday and buyers found it difficult to secure ctore
Eggs at 10V 2 c. Store Eggs, lOVjiailc doz;
ranch Eggs, Il@l2y a c: Duck Eggs, 15c * dozeu.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES-Are scarce and higher at $1 25@1 75
box for good to choice, 76c@$l for common to
fuir, and $2@2 50 for fancy.
BERRIKS— Receipts of Strawberries were 41
chests, selling at 50@75c > drawer for Longworths
an<l A')C£4oc for larse berries.
CITRUs FR (ITS— Oranges are stiff at $1 25
<^ll 75 box for Seedlings and $2 25@3 50 for
.Navels; Lemons. $li&l 50 for common and .s2®
150 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $6 box;
California Limes. $1: Bananas, $I@2 bunch;
Pineapples are nominal.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— A circular of interest to every
Dried Fruit producer in the State appears above.
The following nominal prices rule on the Fruit
Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, li^@2^,c ?» ft for quar
tered. 2@3c •$ Ib for ''sliced and 414 c 9 Ib for
evaporated: Peaches, 3^@4c Vi ft and 6Vs@6c for
fancy; Deeled In boxes, 12c: Apricots 7^4"(a'.BVizC
for^Diime to choice. 9V' 3 c for fancy and 10@llo
# Id for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 2V»c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c a.
ft for evaporated halves, 4@6y c %4 Ib for quarters:
Prunes, 3V*®3Vic; Plums, 4c * Ib for pitted and
1 y 2 @2y a c for unpitted ; Nectarines, s@6c D for
prime to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy. • :
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y c
g Ib; sun-dried, ivi@2c > Jb; Peaches, 3®4c
r ro and 5c 5* Ib for fancy; peeled in boxes. 10
<&12V 2 c: Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6cfor4o@6o's
andscfor6o@6o's: Apricots, 6@9^c for prime to
choice, 10@lIc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black,
2Vi@23 / 4c: White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 6V c for
evaporated halves and S@5VgC for quarters;
Plums. 3y a @4c for pitted and I@IV2C for impa
ted; Nectarines, 4@sc ft Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c "$ box ; four-crown, loose,
3%c "$ Ib; "three-crown, loose, 2Vic f* ft; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 33/i@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y 2 @23 / 4 : c; three-crown London layers,
76@80c; clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clusters,
$2 10@2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76: Dried
Grapes, 2 y a c lb. .  . : . , -. .
jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 8c: B
crown, 2Vi@2y a c: 2-crown, ia / 4@2c- Seedless stul
tanns, 33,4<54c; Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, *1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 6@Bc $ ft;
\\ alnuts, B@loc for No. 1 hard and 10(d>12c for pa
per, jo Dbinsr lots; Almonds, 6@7VaC for'Languedoc
and By a @loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 5@
6c for Eastern and 3y a (a>4y 2 c for California: IlicK
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, ~6e lor rough and 8e for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, 7i/o@Bc «* Ib;
Cocoa nuts. $4 60@5 %i 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ?t ft for
bright and B@9c %> tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@sy c $ Ib: light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi@4s / ic: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWaJC-24®27c 9 tb. • . ; !
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c '$ Ib for heavy, 7c
%>. Ib for light medium, 9c ■ f, Ib for light, 10c for
extra light and 12c «J for sugar-cured ; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, ilV 2 c: California Hams.
10c Ib; Mess Beef, 88 "$ bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 %» bbl:
extra clear. $14 ■# bbl: mess, $13 %i bbl; Smoked
Beef. 10c -f< Ib.
LARD— Kastern, tierces, is quotable at 6V2C . ?»
Hi for compound and 8c for pure; palls, B Vic; Cali
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6V»c for pure;
half-bbls, 71.4 c; 10- Ib tins, 8c; do 5-lt>, 814 c lb.
COTTOLENE— eaAc in tierces and 75 /6 %i tti In
10- Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands, 6c: medium. sy a fo'.6c: culls and
brands, .4 ViffiSc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 6c 1$ Ib: culls and brands, 4c; sailed
Kip. 5c %" ib: Baited Calf, 8c Ib: salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides. iO<sllc; culls and brands 7 Vic;
nry KID ana Veal, 9c: culls, 6V>(3»7c: dry Calf, !
lbc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, VOf<s3se each : Kids, sc; I
Deerskins, good summer, 26(&30c: medium, 15(ol j
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10® I
16c each: short wool, -20@35c each: medium, 40 !
<a.6oc each; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds I
about V 2 c less. .
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3y @4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. &V2@ss / 4c: Grease. 2y c % Ib.
WOOL— We quote Spring: San Joaauin and
Southern Coast. 6 months, 4<St)c Ib: San Joa
quln. foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: San Joaquin,
year's fleece, 4V2@6y a c.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c 9 ft.
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June- July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin. $4 20: Wool Bags, 24(£26c
COAL-Wellington, $8 ¥1 ton: New .Welling
ton. $8 •$ ton; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50 *
ton: Seattle, #5(5)5 50: Brvant. *5 50: Coos Bay
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 60: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and Sls in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13: Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$30 60 In bulk and $12 50 ■# ton in sacks.
BUG AR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6Vic; Dry Granulated, 65/ g c;
Confectioners' A, sy>c; Magnolia A, sc; Extra
C, 4%c: Golden C, 4«ic: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SYRUP-Goiden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
*gal. ■■ ■■-■■■■■ } -.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 c; second quality,
4Vo@sc: third do, 3y a @4c $ Ib.
VKALr-Larce, 6@6c: small, 6@7c Tfr ft.
MCTTON-Wethers, 6c; Ewes, 6y c * ft.
LAMB-Spring Lamb. 7c %» ft.
PORK— Live Hogs, 33,4 c"^ tb for large and 4c
for small; dressed do, 5y a «s6V*c r <B> ft.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE
FOR 24 HOURS. ' .
**lonr. ar. «ks 7,240 Quicksilver, fluid ' 114
Wheat, ctls 61.872 Leather, r0115...— " 52
Barley, cU5........ 48,301 Hides, n0.......... 393
Oats, ctls. 390 Pelts. bdls..~ 278
Rye, ctls. 295 Wool, bis. 842
Potatoes, 5k5....... 809 Wine, earn.. ...... .33,460
Onions. sk« 250 Lime, bbls ÜB2
Bay. ions. _. 44 Si Beans, sks. 1,040
Straw, ions.. - Hops, bis.. 58
Middlings, ska. 772 Ta110w. ct15........ 100
8wvmu........... 66 Lumber. M feet... 10
Butter, ct15........ 624|Powder, kec5...... •27
Cheese, eels 336 Paper, reams.. 2,840
Eggs, doz 21,260'
THE STOCK MAEKET.
As a general thing the market was weaker again
yesterday, the best prices beins several cents
lower than those of Tuesday.
The Granite Hill Mining Company of Grass Val
ley lias levied an assessment of 10c per share.
Work was resumed in the Hale & Norcross mine
yesterday and a force of about twenty miners was
put to work. It is the intention to thoroughly
open up the ore body reported to exist above the
900 level.
Advices from the Gray Ea^le state that during
the past, week they have made 22 feet In the main
gangway, put in 20 feet of air- pipe, built 40 feet of
track on dump and. put up six sets of posts and
caps near face and retimbered fight sets in the
main tunnel. Three men were working in breasts I
1 and 2 and three men in the mill. The formation
; at the face has been large bowlders, gravel and
cement, with a large flow of water . coming from
the face and top of tunnel. The bowlders 'are
giving out now, and a very fine-lookin* milling
gravel is coming in. , . -
The weekly report from the Grant gold mine Is
as follows: During the past week tunnel 3 has
! been extended four feet through quartz assay
*H 10 per ton, making the total \ length of this tun
| nel 145 feet. Face of tunnel is In quartz. George
J. Smith has been appointed superintendent of the
mine and will go up to take charge of . it this week.
Owing to the change in management work will be
discontinued for a week, or possibly ten days, but
no longer. Mr. Smith .is ■ a very competent man,
ana under his management it is expected that
much 'better progress will ■ be made than here
tofore.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the Han Fnnctsco
fctocjc Board yesterday: ;, - ; .> ■ ,"
REGULAR MORNING SESSION COMMBVCINO 9:30.
200 Alpha. 06 900 G & C......23 150 0ph1r...1.05
500 Andes 28 300 H<fcN ....1.30 200 Ovrmn .10
7l>o 8e1cher... 40 200 Kentuck..Os 400 Potosl . .36
400 Bodie 35 100 Mexican. .42 600 « Nev... .60
550 CC&V ..1.75 300 0cc1dt1....86200 V Jack L..33
660 Crwn Pt...33l ;:•,- I
AKTKRXOON BKBSION'— 2 -.30.
600 Andes.... 27 KOO CC<feV..l.7o|2oo 0vrmn....10
200 Belcner...39Hoo C P0int... 381100 .■iavaga....S2
lO .U •■ 402500 «fc C 28-100 8 Nev 61
2M) B & 8... .61.100 H<tN... 1.35 300 Union 63
" ( »0 SO2OU Justice. ...O7-16U Utah 06
100 Bodle HO;jOO 0ccidt1.... 90.200 V Jackl.,.3-4
350 8u11i0n.. .051100 Oohir... 1.051
following were the sales in th» PaclOo SCoafc
Eoard yesterday :
',■■?-4 .i,:Y r KKQUT-AR sessiov— lo:3a : .v:;»W^
800 Alpha 06 300 CU*V 1.77 i/ 2 460 Ophirl.o7V<i
«0« 1 Alt* 101200 i:C«K>Uvrmn....?3
1500 Ande5.. .38:500 1.721/2 600 Potosi... 85
400 Belcher.:. 4o 160 Court... ho 300 3av» ? e... . 32
800 B&B 600 Crwn Pt...33250 S B& M...04
400 ....... •.•.;..B2 1 200 ;;. ......... 341700 •$ Nev....«0
400 Bodie .36700 G& C 24:400 Union C...55
200 :..:... ...35jl 400 1.30 800 .......:.... 64
100 8u1wer....25!H00 Justice... .oß*2oo Utah.. ..06
iSU ••••••••— 23200 Kentuck:..O3 400 V J»citet..3s
500 Caleda.... 05,400 Mexican..42 ;....; ......33
200 M? alln *-- 24 300 OccW .86200. ...» ......3*
.*■■'*■< *: -AFTKBNOOX SESSION— 2:3O. L- •
400 Ah>ha...:.03150CC4V1.72y>200 0ccd...;..87
800 Alta 101500 1.70,200 ......... .^..92
1200 Andes... 27 300 C P0tnt....54 100 ..; ....94
200 .26 200 Exchqr...o3 4000vrmn....09
400 8e1c1ier....40 200 ......... "...041300 P0t05i.....3d
400 B<fc 8.....5Z 300 O & C......24i«50 Savage.... 32
600 ............51 200 H&N... 1.3011000 Scorpiono3
200 80d1e..:.. 35 200 Justice.... oß^2oo 58&51..04
100 8u1wer....24 300 Kentcic.... o3 8 Key 60
05200 Mexican.. 42 1200 ......... 59
200 CballnKe..24i2oo ....:;......43900 Uni0n. ...54
300 Cbollar . .43100 Mono .11 200 Utah 06
60 Conn ..... 78100 Ophirl.o7y» l 6oo YJacket..33
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 8-4 P. k.
' ' ' Sitl.Atkra.\ Bid. A •*«<*.
Alpha C0n..... 06 07 Julia ... — 06
A li« 08 09 Justice....'..... — 08 •
AnQ «s ..26 27 Bentncr. ...... — 05
Belcber... 40 41 Lady Wash.... — 05
Best & Belcbac. 50 52 Mexican.. ..._ 41 43
f0die.. ........ 29 -Mono ...;..._ 11 -
8u11i0n. ........ 05 06 Nevada — 05
Caledonia...... 06 - 06 Occidental 93 —
Challenge Coa. 23 • 25;Ophir. 05 1.10 '
Ch011ar......... 43 45 Overman ...._ 09 11
Con-Cal. & v». 1.70 1.75 I'otos^ .1 35 37
ton. Imperial. 01 02;feavrre ... 32 33 !
Confidence — 76 teg. Belcner... 03 04
Con.^ew Yore. — 04 Klerra Nevada. 69 61
Crown Point... 34 35 Scorpion 03 05
JLaatSierraMav — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 04 Syndicate.. .... 01 02
Eureka c0n.... — 25ll!ni<mUoa 54 65
. Gould & Curry. 23 25 Utah ......... — 06
Hnloik^orcr4.l.3o 1.35' Yellow i&CJCK. 33 34
Jack50n........ 40 — |
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
i 100 Ama11e. ......... 185 '• Keystone.......
200 Champion 15 00 Bid 65 00
50 16 00 Providence
100 Grant...... 30 8id...... 75 00
1100 28 Asked 85 00
800.. „ 20 600 Savannah...... 33
1600 « s 251100 82
1200. '25 100 31
200.. 29800 Thorpe 89
50 Kennedy 15 00300 90
Bid 50 Edison Light 104 00
BW 50 Spring Valley Water lt'O 25
Bid 50 San Francisco Gas. 83 25
Bid 20 Hawaiian Commercial 18 50
Bid 20 Hutcbinson Sugar 18 50
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 8-3 P. M.
TJCITKD STATES B,)S
Mid. Aeked. ' Bid. Aifcei.
c00p. .108% - t7 8 4«r«K...108iA - .-
Do, new is... 1161/21171/2
.'■•:■■* lIINCKXLiNKOIIS BONDS.
C«l-stCble5s.llly a — Da 2d fss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.Ho — 1 ¥ * O Ry 6s. 105 120
Cntr*CW6g. 92i/ 3 94 PAChRyBs. — 107%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 »5 Pwl-st.Rß6ii. — 116Va
EdsnL&P 68.111 — Reno. WL4Ii — 105
F&CHRR6S. — 105 l/ 2 KlverW Co6s — 100
Ge»rv-Btßss. 100 Va — SactoP d: L..100 10234
LosAn L6s. - 101 !SF<feNPRRO«IOIS4 —
Do.Gnted.tts. - 104 tsPßKAriz6s — 94
Mlct-stCble6sl23 — BPKRCaI6s_ 107y« —
DoßyConss..lottß/ 107y SPitKCal&s_ - —
N*vCNgß7s. 89V 4 995. gj > BrßCal6*. 95 98
N FCKR 6s. 1031/4 - BVWater6s..U9%l2o
NRyCal6s. — 105 bV\Vater4s._ 99y 998,4
>Ry Cal 6s. — - Stktn(J&K6jlOO 10iy a
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104 - 2 l SunstT<fcT6s.loo —
Do. l!d is 3 103 1.4 - Sutter-stßss.nO —
Omnibus 65.. 118^ — ViaaliaWUda — 92
PacKoUMtiii.. — -
WATKR STOCK*.
Contra Costa 35 88 |6an J05e..... 75 100
MarlnCo.... 49 - |SprlngVaUeylooy 2 101
PA* STOCKS.
Capital. ...,,. _ 39% raclflc Light. 44 45i/«
Central... ... »5 — il*an*rancsoo 83 84
OakGL&H. 51% Stockioa. .... — alVi
FacUaslmp. 81% sl£
INBURAN CX <»TOOK».
riremansFd.l7o 180 |Sun 40 —
COtfKKKCiAI. BANK STOCK 1.
AmerBATC. — — LondonP&A. — 182y a
Anglo-Cal... — 60 London&Slf. _ 27 Vi
Bank of CaU.'J3B 240 .Merch Ex... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 67% 68 Nevada — —
KirstNatlonLns 182% gather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — |
' ' ■ " SAVINGS BANK
GerS<feLCo..3 400 — |Sav<ft Loan.. — 101
HumbSdtL.llOO 1450 Security. . — 260
Mutua1....... 37y a 40 Onion Trust — 820
bF SavUnlon — 490 |
t* STRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California... .loß — |Oak,SL<&Hay — 100
Oeary-5t..... 60 .Ti W Presidio..— — 9
Alarkei-st..- 47" B 47% Sutter-st — —
POWIJKII STOCK!.
Atlantic D... 16 16y a Judson — — —
California.... — 88 Vigonu — 75c
Olanu 17% 19 1
- MISCiLI.ANtnr'I RTOCK^.
Alaska Pkr*. 90 94 OceanlcSSCO 201,4 21
ElkDCoalCo. — 10 iPacAuxFA.. 1 ' _
CalCotMlUs.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvOoclt — — ' Pac I Co. — 80
EdleonLlgb.Ulo4l/ 2 107y a Pac Roll MIU 29% 42%
GaHConA^siL ' — — IParfPalntCa 6 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 100 PacTransCo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 197/ a 20y B PacTATCo 65 70
HntchSPCa. 19% 19y4 ! SunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudgonMfgC — _ [United 0 Co.. — 25
MerExA»3aloy 110 I &";%*'s.
xnßN'iNo nicusinv.
Board— lo Hawaiian Commorclal and Sugar,
193/ 8 ; 25 Untchlnson 9 P CO, 19%; 60 Market-st.
Railway. 47%; 60S V Water. 1005/ $1000 S V
4% Bonds, 99^8-
AFTERXOOV SISSTO*.
. Board— California Safe Deposit, 57%: 100
Hawaiian Commercial' and buerar, 20: 60 do,
•20%: 15 H«tchinson S P Co, 191-4: 50 Oceanic S
8 Co, 20; 50 do, 20y,; &5 B V Water. 1006/ 8 .
Street— lo Fireman's Fund' Ins, 175; $10,000
Market-st. Railway Con Bonds. s v, 10R%: 50 San
Francisco Gaslight, 83y 2 : $38,000 SV 6% Honds,
119%; $3000 SF t N P Railway Bonds, 101%.
■ ■ +— — ■■■"-'
EEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
Robert Forbes to Henrietta A. Forbes, lot on N
line of Hush street, 247:6 of Laguna, \V 27:6 by
H 137:6: gift.
. Letltlsv and Daisy L. Bountree ro Lorenzo and
Lydia H. Delsco, lot on NE corner of L yon street
and Golden Gate avenue, E 46:10 by X 100; $— .
A. vv\ and Lulie W. Porter to George W. Scott,
lot on N line of Clay street, 65 E of Walnut, E
27:6 by N 127:81/4: $10. ..
Samuel G. and Helen S. Murphy and Charles
H. and Addle M.Abbott to Annie Tosney, lot on
SE line of Howard street, 87:6 NE of Twelfth.
>'E 50 by SE 87:B; $10. , - >■
Thomas Belew (or Bailey) and Christina Bailey to
same, same; $10. .
- Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Sulivalo to Julia A. Holbrook, undivided one-half
of lot on 8 line of Liberty street, 150 E of Guerrero,
E 75 by 8 115; also undivided one-half of lot on S
' line of Eighteenth street, 185 E of Sanchez. E 60
by t) 114; $10. ,
Hans and Christine Petersento Dwight Edwards,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 65 W of Noe,
W 25 by N 101:6: $10.
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to
Emmal.. Herlnger, lot oh N line of Twenty-second
; street, 25 Eof Hampshire, E 25 by N 97:6; $10.
• . Same to John and Johana C. Wenstrum, lot on
line of Hampshire Rtreel, 147:6 S of Twenty
first, 8 25 by E 100; $10. T
•Thomas Dee to Margaret Dee. lot on S line of
Twenty-sixth street, 129 W. of San Jose avenue,
W 25 by S 100; gift.
Plo Llppl to Jennie Lippi, lot on S line of
Twenty-third street, 61:6 W of Vicksburg, W 28
by 65; gift.
. William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Matilde
Caraffa, lot on E line of Sanchez street, 61:6 S of
Duncan, S 25 by E 100: $10.
A. M. Specie to Michael Garrity. lot on W line of
Castro street,' 173:8 S of Eighteenth, S 24:8 by W
125; $10. . .
 Michael Garrity to Henry and Anna O. Becker,
same; $10. ; ■
' Agnes C. and Mary H. A. MeXamara ■ to Angelo
Chivsa, lot on N line of Washington street, 96 E of
Powell, E 24 by N 57:6: $10.
J. E. Sham to M. J. E. Mohr, lot on N line of
Washington street, 96 E of Powell, E 24 by N
I 57:6 also lot on W line of Vermont street, 211:6
N ox Silver avenue, N . 100 by W 100, lots 420 to
: 423, Silver terrace: $10. v
t ' ■' Daniel Buckley to Mary B. Russell, lot on NW
line of Jessie street, 340 SW of First, SW 19 by
NW62: $1.
• Mary B. Kussell to William Davis, same; $10.
t - Kobert and Mary McQuarrie ■to George Clarke,
lot on SE line of Jessie street, 200 NE of Fifth,
NX 25 By SE 60: $10. ' •
i ■■• ■• F. G. Newlands (execetor of : the estate of Wil
liam 'Sharon) to estate of Egbert Judson, lot on
NW corner of De Haro and Alameda streets, N
360 by W 200; $1. :
James P. Sweeney to Clara Weiss, lot on N line
of California street, 135 :8 i/a W of First avenue,
N 88:10, E 25, 8 86:31/4, W 25:1%; $10.
i : Henry and Margaret Mahan to George Hodaett,
lot on E line of - Twenty-first avenue, 300 N of
, Point Lobos, N 25 by X 120>-$lO. . ■'■■}-:.
George Hodnett to Eunice Hodnett, same; gift.
'.''l Sol and Dora Getz to Ada F. and Louise W. Sel
fert, lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 275 S of
Point Lobos. S 25 by W 120; $10.
i Honora Sharp to Charles P. Eells, outside land
block 644, bounded by II and I streets, Ninth and
Tentn avenues; $10. . . .
" * Charles P. and Gertrude S. Eells to London and
Bun Francisco Bank (limited), same; $5.
> Marie P. llsen to Emil Arnold, lot on E line of
Ninth avenue, 100 S of J street, S 25 by E 120;
$10. •. ;■ ■•• - •■■■:: :"■ : -; :, ' ': ''
• Frederick and Christiana Boesch to A. C. Doan,
lot on NE line of Eleventh avenue, 175 NW of Q
street, NW 60 by NE 100, O'Neil & Haley block
212: $10. v . . ,
Howard B. Marks to Carrie K. Marks, lot on SE
line of London street, 150 NE of Russian avenue,
NE 76 by SE 100, block 1, Excelsior: $1000.
•*: Isabella E. O'Connor to Charles S. Healey, lot
on HE line of Mission street. 383 NE oi Precita
avenue, NE 60, SE 143:6, SW ■ 66:7V5. NW
116:11%; *10. ; • - :
1 ■ Charles W. Preston to Sarah L. i Preston, lot on •
8 line of CasselU avenue, 312:11 E of Moss alley,
E 75 by 8 ■ 100, block 11, Market-street Home
stead; gift. »• ■- •' - - ■• - • -v; " ' •
a i Same to Charles W. ■ Preston, lot \ 12, block C, :
Hark Lane Tract: gift. ; . :
';' Same to juulu M. Preston, lot 11, block C, same;
gift. • • -. ,■ ■ ' ■ ■ ■ ; . :-,
; * ;, /■:■ \, . . > ALAHEDA COUNTY. •■; : ; :- r\[■■ ;
\ Syndicate vestment' Company to Howard L.
and Harriet King, subdivision 4 of lot 47, Bray
Tract, Brooklyn Township ; $10. ;
■ John to Frederick Hammann, all interest
In lot on E line of Paru street,- 100 S of Buena
Vista avenue, 8 40 by E 100, being lots ! 9 and 10,
block 40, lands adjacent to Encinal, quitclaim
deed/Alameda; .sl. ,i. ; -i . : . ■.• ■ - •- •
< Kstate of Ann Gunn (by executors) to same,
same: $700. -; -. ,
i~i Joaquin and M. Cunha et al.'to Manuel J. Smith
and -John A. Canada, .785 of an acre beginning at
a point on SW line of .San Leandro and Hay wards
road,' where it intersects at E line of Laurel ave
nue, thence SE 371.65, NW 281, NE 242.84 to
beginning, Eden Township; $10. v ■>
' - Anna Ainsworth to , George Walters, lot on sf ;
line of Nineteenth street, 68:10 E of Market, E
32:6 by N lot 1 , block O, Barnes Tract, subiect to a
mortgage for $3000, Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Nineteenth street.
101:4 E of Market, B 3:6 by N 100, portion of
Curtis & Williams Tract, quitclaim deed, Cak
land: HlO.
William and Goda T. Wells to same, lot beein
nine; ;it a point on NX line of lands Of Putnam, ai
W corner of lauds of Samuel Burt; thence NX 38
links, NW 2.76 chains, sw 3? links, SE 2.76
chains, to be used for public road and to be known
au county road 2848, Brooklyn Township: grant.
T. C. Putnam to same, beginniug at the N cor
ner of lands of T. C. Putnam on S boundary in
"Real Estate Comoine," thence along the Hue di
viding the lands of Wells, Bun. Pratt and Graf
from lands of Put num. SE 13.69 chains to the N
line of county rond, 1851, thence SW 16,
NW 13.69 chains, NE 15 to heginning. to be used
for public road and to be known as county road
2848, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Emma Joseph with White Bros., to erect, except
plumbing and ga^fittiug, two two-story frame
buildings on N line of F<-11 street, 31:3 W of Lyon;
W. H. Lillie architect; $6270.
W. B. Morris with Moore & Cameron, altering
a two-story cottage into a two-story frame building
on N line of Waller street, 150 W of Devlsadero;
W. H. Lillie architect; $2640.
THE CALL « A I INOAB.
Apbii., 1896.
|W.
Fr.
I 3 j
2 I
*
.7 j
i i
9
10 |
11
«
New Moon.
W >. April 12
lis j
14
16
17
21
I 22
3 First Qua
\_v April
24
[ I
las I
,Ok Full Mot
/_• April
■*- OCJfcAN S'ltAJliiilS.
Date* of Departure I'rom San Fr»ncl«eo.
-RR.
DKSTINATIOH I
sa I _*.
| Pica.
Arago
Eureka .....
Areata
Walla Walla
H0mer......
Empire......
Santa Kosa.
Pomona....
Coos 8ay....
Slate of . Cai
Bt Pau1......
Acapulco....
I maul i a
5un01...... ..
Corona
Weeott
Rio Janeiro.
F_--ll_-
I Coos Bay
I KewDors
! Coos Bay
Vie <_ Pgt Snd
I Coos 8ay......
I Portland.
San Diego
Humboldt Hay
Mexic0........
I P0rt1and.......
i Newport
! Panama
Vie A Pet Snd
| Grays Harbor.
; San Diego
| Eel River
■ China* Japan
' laoulna Bay..
Apr 9.10 am
Apr 9, .AW
Apr 9.10 am
Apr 9, 9am
Apr 9. spm
I April, 6pm
: Apr 11.11 am
; April. 2pm
! Apr 12,10 am
I A pri 3. 10 am
I Apr 13. 9am
! Apr 14,12 M
Apr 14. 9am
Apr 15. 4PM i
I Apr 15.11 am
I Apr 15. 9am
Apr 16, 3pm
Apr 17, 9am
I Pier 1.1
Pier 11
: Pier 13
Pier 9
Oceanic
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24.
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 9
! Pier _
Pier 11
Pier IS
PMSS
i Pier 2
STKA3IEKS TO ARRIVE.
Stkamkr
Rio de Janeiro.. 1
Empire |
Santa K05a......
Acapulco... i
Marioosa I
City of Para
Pomona. |
Truckee ;
Progreso. ;
Umatilla
State ot Ca1.....
-tPam I
City of Everett '
Sunol ■
Zealandla.
Costa Rica !
San Mateo...::. !
Weeott. !
Corona.. I
Washtenaw
Ara go |
Eureka „.. r
Crescent City... !
City of Puebla.. !
Queen. ;... j
South Coast
Farallon ....... |
San Juan
North Pom
Alice Blancnard j
Del Norte !
China and Japan........
Portland
(•an .Dieg0......
i Panama
Sydney
Panama....
| Humboldt 8ay..........
Tillamook
! Seattle
j Victoria & Puget Sound
I Portland
. Newport.
Nanaimo....
' Grays Harbor.
I Panama.......
i Departure Bay.
, C0m0x....
Eel River
San Diego.
Panama
Coos Bay
| Newport
Crescent City..
■ Victoria A Puget Sound
, Portland ;.-.,
j Portland :....'....
I Yaanlna Bay ...... ......
| Panama
; Humboldt Bay
j Portland
Grays Haroor
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..ADr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
. Apr 10
..Apr 11
..Apr 11
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 16
■ Apr 16
SUN. MOON AND Tll>_.
V. 8. Coast and Geodetic Subvis? Tidk"!
BDI.I.KTIN- Published BY Official V
Authority of THE SITBSISTESDKST. . J
Thursday, April 9.
Sunrises 5.42 Moon rises 3.56 am
Sun sets tf._vMkloon sets
April-1896.
I Time
L W
Feet'l___
|H W|
Time
L ay
! Feet
Time
|H W
9 3.451 2.0: 8.40 4.8 3.401 0.1 10.16 4.6
Oi 4.24 1.6 10.29 4.7 4.11 0.4 10.38 4.6
.1 4.64 1.2 111. 4.6 4.3. 0.7 10.67 4 6
.-! 6.16 0.9 11.63 4.2 5.05 1.0 11.19 4.7
.3 6.50 0.6 12.38 4.0 5.34 1.2:11.40 4.5
.4 6.27 0.3 1.25 ..6 6.01 1.5 ....
|II W ! Feet L W Feet H W Feet L W 1 Feet
5 0.02 $.0! 7.06 0.0 2.17 3.4 6.30 1.9
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
■arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of tb« day In the
•rder of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
beight, and then the number given Is subtract! ye
from the depth given br tne chart*
H\'_>KO_KAPmC BL'___XlN.
Branch Hyrroobaphic Offtcb, U. 8. N. ■)
Merchants' Excha.vok. V
San- Fbancisco, April H. 189H )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. _ Greenwich time.
A. F. Fecutelkb,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPFIXIi I.MKLLIGENCE.
Arrtv«»l.
WEDNESDAY. April 8.
Stmr Homer. Drlsko. 43 y a hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins. 54 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mrtse. to O C <ft N Co.
Stmr Whitesboro, jobnson, 16 hoars from
Whitesboro; r r ties, to L k White Lumber Co.
Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, 76 days from
Newport News, via Panama i'2Vs days; pass and
mdse, toPMSS Co.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson, 16 hours from Green
wood : 200 M ft lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Up river direct.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 28 hours from Eu
reka, via Drakes Bay 4 hours; 201 M ft lumber, to
Pollard <fc Dodge.
Brig Geneva, Paulsen, 18 days from Kahulai:
13,366 baps sugar, to Allen & Lewis.
Schr W S Phelps. Farrell, 72 hours from Caspar;
lumber, to P Heywood.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, 8 days from Willapa
Harbor: 300 M >\ lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, 9 hours from Fort Ross:
butter, etc., to Ross it Hewlett.
Schr Monterey, BecK, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing; 155 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Clean* tt.
WEDNESDAY, April 8.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama: OiOSSt'o.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Pe-rkins <fe Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; RDuns
niuir <fc Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro: Goodall, Per-
kins <fc < ■"■ ■'..::
Br ship Monkbarns, Atkinson, Grimsby, Baifour,
Outbrie & Co. ■:■■..;
Bark Harvester, Gruner, Karluk ; Alaska Imp
Co. .■*.. .■• •■ ■•.■■ .... ... ;
Bktn Marlon. Andrews, Cooks Inlet; C D Ladd.
Schr Queen, Edwardaen, Itedlish Bay; Baranott
Packing Co. - .
. Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, April 8.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelaiid, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Weeott,. Whitney, Eel Hlver.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Queen. Green.' Astoria.
• Stmr Mackinaw. Littleiield. Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
:jj Stmr Navarro. Hard wick. Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama.' " . . .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Trinidad. ..
| Bark Ivnma F Herriman; McPbie.
\ Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing. i
Schr Abbie, Hansen, Caspar.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Amethyst, Soiland, Waldport.
Te.esr •■;»'»i>in.
POINT LOBOS. ADrll 8-10 p. m. -Weather
cloudy; wind NW; Telocity 12 miles. . weßtner
■ Char*:er».
The bark Alden Besse loads mdse for Honolulu
baric Wllna, mdse for Vladivostok- scnr Bertie
Minor, lumber at Eureka, for Honolulu; bar* He.s
per. lumber on the Sound tor Tientsin, 555-option
of Shanghai. 50s-prior to arrival. ;"^*v
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Ste%m»n .
NKW YOKK-Arrived Apr 8-Stmr -*** from
Bremen and Southampton •«•"«
. A t^^c%^^e^r; tm^o U r^^^
ASl^irT, o^^" 1 Ou ' A^ 8 - St^
■ ROTTERDAM- Arrived out Apr 8-Stmr Mass
dam; stmr Werkendam. - ..
GLASGOW— Arrived out Apr 8-Slmr Pomer
anlan. . '■'.■.-. ; ;
Tvr' SCl i' L Passed ADr B— Stmr Moravia, from
r«ew York, for Hamburg; stmr Taormlna, from
New York, for Ham
PRAWLE POINT-Passed Apr 8-Stmr Massa
???ri?; from New York - for London.
:■> LIVERPOOL-Sailed Apr B—Simr Bhvnland,
for Philadelphia. » ip~t*r-l-jsJJ-v, -
DELAWARE . BREAKWATER-Arrived Apr
B— stmr Illinois, from Antwerp, for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN-Arriyed Apr 8-Stm# Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
■'"■■'.'' ■ •■ '. v Spoken. . ;...■-"■
_ Mar 3-Lat 20 S. ; lone ' 1«5 36 W, Bt ship Bar
nllan, hence Jan 24, for Queenstown. .-._.•
-■■' Feb-2P— Lat 11' s, i O tie 9iW. Be ship Celtic
Queen, Jrom Cardiff, for 6anta Kosalta. -
bi^ 6 27 r I 5 l -t long 62 w - Br bar * Almors, firm
Shields, lor San Francisco.
Apr 3-Lat 48 N. long 8 W, Br ship Sokoto, frm
London, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports. . '. .
TATOOSH— Passed Apr B— Schr Okanogan, hno
Apr 4. for Port Gamble.
In port— ship Larnaca, from Port Gamble, for
Valparaiso.' : - _' . '
MENDOCINO-Sailed Apr 8-Stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco.' . . „ __
• GKAYSHARBOR-Arrlved Apr 8-Scbr Mary
and Ida, hence Apr 4. "• _ .
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Apr 3— Stmr Pro-.
tection and schr Sacramento.
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr B— Stmr Alcazar, tm
Greenwood. „, .
- Sailed Apr B— Schr G W Watson, for Port Blake
ley.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Apr 8-Bktn North
Bend, schrChasß Wilson, for San Francisco: schr
Ottlllie Fjord, for San Pedro.
SAX DIEGO-Sailed Apr 8-Schr Vega, for Coos
Bay: U S stmr Thetis. .-•
PORT ANGELKS— Arrived Apr B— Baric Km
pire, hence Mar 25.
Balled Apr B— Bark Empire, for Moodyvllle. ■>
VENTURA— SaiIed Apr 8-Stmr Geo Eoomls.
for San Francisco.
. is TA COM A— Arrived Apr B— Schr Helen X Kim
ball, hence Mar 25; Ger ship Khorasan. from Port
Townsend; ship Yosemlte, hence Mar ' 27.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr B— Stmr Pomona, hno
Sailed Apr B— Schr J G Wall, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr B— Stmr Alice Blanch
nrd, hence Apr 3, via Eureka and' Coos Bay; ship
Tillie E Starbuck, from New York. .
Sailed Apr B— Stnirs State of California and Em
pire, for San Francisco; schr Maid of Orleans, for
San Francisco.. »•■■■- - •
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr Schr Azalea,
from San Diego.
SaN PEDRO-Arrived Apr 7— Schr C S Holmes,
from Port Blakeley.
IVERSKNS LANDING— SaiIed Apr B— bchr
Ocean Spray . for San iraiiclsco. •.•.-••• .' -_^
CAsPAR-Salled Apr 8-Schr Maxim, for San
Francisco. , ,
REDONDO- Arrived Apr B— Stmr Albion, from
Fort Bragg.
Eastern Fort*.
NEW YORK— Cleared Apr 7-Stmr Newport,
for Newport News, Panama and San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
COLON— Apr 7— Stmr Advance, from
New York. ■
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Apr 4— Br ship
Allegiance to load.
SWANSEA — Arrived Apr 6— Br ship Merlonets
to load for San Francisco.
BROWHEAD— Passed Apr 7— Br ship Star Of
Bengal, from Santa Rosalia, for Faimouth.
HOLYHEAD— Passed Apr 7— Br ship Forrest
Hall, from Liverpool, for San Francisco, having
repaired.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Apr 7— Br stmr Mlowera, for
Vancouver.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Apr B— Br stmr Doric, for
San Francisco.
Importation*.
EMPIRE CITY— Per Arcata— l bdl plow beams,
118 sks potatoes, 6 bales woolen goods, 450 ton»
coal.
Port Orford— l otterskln, 3 pkgs express, 1 sack
coin.
Marshfield— bxs butter. 4 bbls salmon, 11
rolls leather, 29 bdls green hides, 1 sk bark, 1 coil
rope. 5 pk?s mdse, 798 sks potatoes, 2 sacks coin,
3 picgs express.
COOS BAY— Per Homer— 244 tons coal, I saclc
com, 45 sks potatoes, 11 tubs butter, 1 pkg ex
press. ■ C
Consignee*.
Per Homer— D Spreckels & Bros Co; Wells,
Fargo <fe Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co; McDonougtt
& Ranyon.
Per Arcata— Hilmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; J Wil
liams; Getz Bros <fc Co; Hillsßros; MPDetels; Ii
Izzollo:Thoma3LouKhran; McDonough <fc Runyon;
J C Johnson & Co; Wells, Fargo * Co: H Dutard;
Bandon Woolen-mills: Marshall, Teggart & Co; a
M Volkman; Baker & Hamilton ; W B Bumner
Co.
For Late. Shipping . Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMFAII
CUT RATES
| - TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
S*lX*srt Class- .68.00
Becoud Class _tS-OO
Meals and berth Included. .
Ticket Office — Sew Montgomery Street
«OOCA_L, PERKINS _ CO.,
General Agent* .
ASTORIA ANJPiTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails..... .April 8 and 18
fciate ol California sails.... April 13 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Genl. Snpts.
. F. ¥. CONNOR, General Agent,
jv 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STMSHIP COHPASI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Asa-
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as _____
folio . -
For Mary Island, Lorlng. Wranget. Jnneatt, KIN
lisnoo ana SUka (Alaska), ac 8 a. m., April 1*
29. May 14.29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town,
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. _
April 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. 29, and every flftli
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. f, R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. X,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hnn>
boldt Bay) stx. Pomona, 2 p. m., April 3. 7, 11
15. 19. 23. 27. and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Crue, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. 8an;«
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Ban Pedro. East 3an
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
l; 5.9. 13. 17, 21,25, 29 and every fourth daj
thereafter.
: For San DieM, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San . Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Leu
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. _ April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. an*
every fourth day thereafter.
. i'or Knseuada, San Jose .del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. _.. April 5. ,
- Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
itreet. \
t/oODALL, PERKINS _ CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. ■ San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, fi^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fB by
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues..
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. 8. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30,
at p. m.
LinetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN
8. Air. J. 1). SPRECKELB _ BROS. CO., Agts.,
114 Montgomery su
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco?
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TR ASSATLA3ITIQIIE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH /WO
\J River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by s3§aB
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aad
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria. Ecypt, via Paris,
first-class 9160: second-class, $llti.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon ... '
LA-BRETAGNEjcaprßupe^!^:^^ 0^ *
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
April 18, 3 a. ic
LA -buROOGNJC,' Capt. Leboeuf.... *" *
...;........... ......April _'5, 9a. «
LA NORMANDiE, Capt. Deloncle
_^.-...... May 2. 4 A. M.
«S" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .
«ya*__.K UAMBIROAMERICAX USE
r - ' !^^___y__ > TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*^ mfciKTT' 1 Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), CliTbotir*, Paris _ Hamburg.
A. Victoria April 23 I Normannla May 14,
Columbia.... May 7 | A. Victoria May 21
I. Cabin, $75 and upward; 11. Cabin, $15 and $50.
• PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 3 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOUUG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply to HaMBURG-AMERIC'AX
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V.,' or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACRET COMPIIT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINW\LL mil
fortnightly for the West Indies and fl9flE_l
Southampton, calling ' en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
pacific Mall S. 8. Co., Issued for freight and treas*
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
" Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, »195; thlrf
Htm, 9Vf M. • For further particulars apply M
VABROTT A CO., AgenW.
306 California U.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 8. Washington St-
At 6 P.M. Hails , Except Sund»T.
SO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
ST_A_[_K :
T. C. Walker. J. D. p.t.r. ■
MaryGarratt. City of Sto"_t*_,
_Telephon« Main 800. J*i, yav. Impt. CoT
fALLEJO, MARE ISLIJD/BEWU, PORT
COSTA AM (IKHKUTT
str.;monticello
and Cc iV_ UrdUy and 8»««jiV-HI:30 _ _
and 4 F. it ; Saturday, 12:30 noon?
•4PH.onlv. bUnt ! ay - 8 . . '
-•Bdiog, SUstion i, rur 4,LYON POST IS
IN DISGRACE
Suspended by the Board of
Inquiry for Ninety
Days.
APPEAL TO WASHINGTON
Trouble Said to Be Caused by a
Reporter Who Stole Some
Resolutions.
DECLARED TO BE AN INJUSTICE
Anxitty Regarding the Post's Dele
?at-s to the Santa Cruz En
campment.
Oakland Office Sax Fratcifco Call,)
;* B Broadway, April 8. |
Lyon Post, G. A. R., of Oak
land, has been suspended for ninety
days, and the members declare that
the suspension is spite work on the
part of certain department officials, whose
motives they impugn.
A special meeting of the post was held
last night and the i;otice of suspension
was read. The suspension is the result of
the charges made by Lyon Post against
the management of tbe Soldiers' Home at
Yountville. Some of them were true,
ethers were not, and the board ot inquiry
ordered a suspension of. its charter for
three months. This awaits ratificaction by
the commauder-in-chief.
Major E. W. Woodward protested
Ftrongly against the action of the board of
inquiry, ana stated thit the newspaper
publication was made from a stolen copy
of the charges being considered by
the post and in contravention of its
expressed purpose; that the publication
made by sending copies to the Governor,
the Attorney-Genera; and to certain mem
bers of Congress was without any inten
tion to violate Grand Army regulations
and was of a purely technical character;
that such violations were of frequent
occurrence, and in this connection citation
was made of recent instances, viz. : A
newspaper publication made by Thomas
Post of San Francisco in betiaif of Comrade
Dr. C. 0. Brown, Tecently on trial in that
rity, a publication by Appomattox Post of
ma expressing indignation in rela
tion to tne frequent autopsies at the
Yountville Home, the published proffers
if 'rrand Array posts offering their ser
vices in maintaining law and order, a
publication by Lincoln and Liberty posts
of San Francisco condemning tbe action of
Lyon Post in formulating the charges
against the Yountville Home directors
and a publication by Sedgwick Post of
Santa Ana in regard to special pensions to
officers and widows.
At the meeting when the resolutions
condemning the management were passed
only one-fifth of tl.e members were pres
ent. The post has been in existence for
ever seventeen years and has always been
active in general G. A. K. work. It was
instrumental in securing and developing a
large plat of ground iv Mountain. View
Cemetery for the burial of the soldiers and
tailors. Lyon Post is the pioneer organ
ization in Alameda County and has fur
nished material for two other posts.
An appeal was forwarded to-night
throueh the department commander to
the comniander-in-chicf at "Washington
asking how the post stands in regard to
the Mating of its delegates at the State
encampment at Santa Cruz, which con
venes on the 21st in^.
Should the commander-in-chief refuse to
ratiiy the action of the department com
mander the post will only remain sus
jenaed until such time as "the notice of
refusal to ratify is received. Otherwise
the suspension will be in force for the full
term.
••Slnhad" at the Macdonough.
OAKLAND. Cal, April B.— The irn
] "riant theatrical event of the season in
the way ol extravaganza will occur at the
Maedonough to-night, when "Sinnad, "
with its ninety or 100 people and its oar
loads of scenery, will be given for ttie first
time in Oakland. The American Extrav
aganza Company has only been seen in
Oakland once before, which was last year
in "Aladdin Jr.," when in the midst of a
driving rainstorm the people literally
fought their way into the tteater. It wit!
be remembered" that excitement had been
worked up through tne veto placed upon
'Her Golden Hair \Va3 Hanging Down
Her Back" by some of the ladies of San
Francisco society and the request by
ol the residents of Oakland that the
.• be reinstated in the piece. The en
gagement here will terminate on Saturday
- ■ when tne company will leave for
t:.e north.
lively Sale of Marsh Land.
OAKLAND, Gal., April B.— The 200
acres of salt marsh near Alvarado, known
as the Union City Salt claim, was sold at
on to-day for $12,000. The sale at
tracted about 200 spectators and bidding
was very lively, but of small sums. The
land has been operated by E. P. Kerrison,
Mrs. Muria Webber, Osgood Putnam and
}'. Marsicano. Marsicano is president of
the American Salt Company of San Fran
cisco and was one of the chief bidders, but
when Putnam bid $12,000 he gave up the
contest.
Dr. McLean'a SucceßJior.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B,— The commit
tee having in cnarge the selection of a
r to succeed Rev. Dr. McLean at the
Jirst Congregational Church stated to
i ight at prayer-meeting that they had ?ent
KiiSt for a. candidate. Tfie name of the
ctive pastor is Rev. Charles E. Jeffer
son of Chelsea, Mass. He will preach for
two Sundays, and then the congregation
v, ill &> at liberty to elect or reject him, as
he only comes here on probation.
G. A. K. Delegate* to Meet.
OAKLAND. Cm., April B.— George W.
Babcock. post commander of Joe Hooker
So. 11, has called a meeting of the
itea to the next department encamp
mem at Santa Cruz. April 22. at his office.
on the northwest corner of Eighth street
ar.d Broadway, Thursday night at 8
- the entire Alameda County
: Every post commander and
deleg;.-.e should be present, as matters of
importance will be considered.
>'«';i>oriiil Day Observance.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 8.-The meroo
nal-oav ia mittee, of which W. H. H.
Hassy is i airman and Dr. Lancas-ter sec
retary will ruee: to-night in the Council
Chamber of the City Hall at 8 o'clock.
A:l committees from post;, corps and
bons ol Veterans are earnestly re
quested to be present, and ail others in
terested in the successful observance of the
day. ___^
VESTRYMEN ELECTED.
Women Vote at the Episcopal Church
Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 8. - The fire
Episcopal Churches of this city held their
annual meetings last evening, and for the
first time in the history of the church
women took part. The resulfcof the elect
ions were as follows:
St. John's Church— C. D. Haven, Charles
R. Jones, T. B. Coghiil, j. "West Martin,
Morri? Akeily, E. E. Osborne, C. K. King.
Church of the Advent— John J. Valen
tine, T. E. Pope. A. J. Read, Dr. H. I.
Jones, R. Burr, J. Stadler Jr. and C. B.
Foot.
St. Paul's Church— Frank Brown, Mr.
Xorris. Captain Currier, Charles Allen,
F. Hall, H. C. Taft, Mr. Palmer; wardens,
L>. Henshaw Ward and A. W. Bishop.
St. Andrew's Church— D. S. Moulton,
George W. Reed, Mr. WiHey, Leyi Flint,
Alfred Smithies, Mr. Hall. "Charles Hen
derson, Ferdinand Westdahl, Roy R.
CuDPy.
Trinity Church— H. M. Sanborn, D. M,
Poub, D. V. Campbell, R. H. Stokes, John
Hard, "Webb N. Pearce, Dr. Blakewell,
LeConte J. Matnieu Jr., John Hampton,
Milton Bulkley.
NEW WHARF AND SCHOOLS
The West Berkeley Progressive
Club Still in Favor of
Improvement.
Swell Function at the University.
Students to Have a Mass-Meet-
ing — News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., April S.— The West
Berkeley Progressive Club met last night
and once more announced itself in favor of
bonds for a wharf and for schools.
In spite of the tact that two bond elec
tions for schools and one for a wharf have
been defeated, the club members were of
the opinion that an election for bonds
would carry if the two propositions could
be joined. A committee, consisting of
Messrs. Hadlen, Renas and Wilkes,was ap
pointed to confer with the Board of Trus
tee? and consult an attorney to determine
whether the two propositions, of bonds for
a wharf and for schools, could be submitted
to the people as one measure.
The club received a letter from C. A.
Baiiey, chairman of a committee appointed
in the matter of the Wilmerding school
Bite, stating tbit F. K. Shattuck had re
newed his offer of a site for the school.
The site offered by Mr. Shattuck is at
Dwignt way, and consists of a whole block
of laud, valued at about $10,000.
Women Vote nt St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Cal., April B.— The regu
lar annual meeting for the election of war
dens and vestrymen of St. Mars's Church
was held iast night. The election was the
first at St. Mark s in which women were
allowed to vote, ar.d a large number of
Indies availed themselves of their new
privilege.
All of the old officers were re-elected, as
follows: Senior warden. James Paiache;
junior warden, S. 8. C. Parker; secretary,
G. W. Kline; treasurer, Francis G. Hob
son; vestryman, Professor \V. A. Merrill.
A report was received from Treasurer
Hobson showing that the entire floating
indebtedness of the church and the ex
penses of installing the new vested choir
had been liquidated.
The construction of a new church build
ing was discussed by the members of the
church. The present church has been
found too small to accommodate the con
eregation. On recent Sundayß chairs have
been used in all the aisles and in the hall
ways. The rector, Rev. George A. Swan,
proposed the erection of a large temporary
structure on the church lot west of the
church building, to furnish room until a
new church can be secured. The p!an ap
peared to meet with much favor among
those present.
Will Dance the German.
BERKELEY, Cal., April B.— University
society is looking forward with much an
ticipation to the dancing party which will i
MAP SHOWING 1-OSITIOX OF TIDAL CANAL BRIDGE.
be given in Harmon Gymnasium next Fri
day evening. For the past five weeks the
committee in charge of the affair has been
actively at work planning for it? success.
The expens-e of the occasion will be Lome
by a party of fifty University men, largely
from the two upper classes, who have
taken it upon themselves to see that the
affair is a success. Each of the fifty has
been entitled to four tickets of admission,
thus making 200 admissions in all. -The
number has been limited to 200 so as to
as has characterized several recent parties
iv tbe gymnasium.
Tho invitations have been distributed
largely among tbe prominent members of
the principal dancing clubs of Oakland
and of San Francisco, so that the affair
nas the promise of beine one of the
swellest functions ever held in university
circles at Berkeley. The question of
whetner the party should be a cotillon or
in the nature of an assembly has at last
been definitely settled. The first half of
the evening will be given up to assembly
dancing, alter which throe figures of the
eerman will be introduced. Clinton K.
Morse will lead and will be assisted by H.
Potter Vecder and Alpheus Williams. For
the accommodation of guests living in
Oakland a special car will be rim at 1
O'clock A. M.
Students' Mass-Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cat,., April B.— All the
classy of the university which ordinarily
recite at 1 o'clock will be excused at that
hour to-morrow afternoon by President
Kellogc for the purpose ot holding a mass
meetinp, at which the co-eds who took
part in the intercollegiate basket-ball
game will be Riven tne big "C," the em
blem of athletic distinction at the uni
versity. The letter from Captain Sheldon
of Yale, in which he gives his reasons for
not wanting to meet the V. C. athletic
team on their Eastern trip, will be read by
Manager Friend* The policy of the uni
versity with resrard to the preliminaries
connected with the sending of the Berke
hy team East this summer will also be
outlined.
Stimper Reception.
BERKELEY, Cal.^ April B.— A recep
tion will be tendered Mr. and Mrs. O. w.
Stamper and wife to-morrow evening by
the Crescent Athletic Club at the blub
quarters next to the postofftce. The re
ception will be in honor of the wedding of
Mr. Stamper to Miss Holtman, which was
Held last week. Speeches will be made
and toasts offered to the bride and groom
and after supper the floor of the hall wili
be cleared for dancing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
ALL IN FAVOR
OF ONE BRIDGE
Design for a Structure That
Will Accommodate
Everybody.
WILL MINIMIZE DANGER
All Travel Can Easily Be Di
rected Across One Bridge
at Alice Street.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC OBJECTS.
Will Try to Maintain an Inadequate
Draw and so Thwart Im
provement.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 8. \
There Is no longer any doubt that com-
merce demands that there be but one
bridge across the estuary instead of the
two structures that now obstruct naviga
tion. Attention is now being given to the
best design for a new steel bridge, and the
most feasible plan yet presented is that of
A. W. Pattiani, an architect of this city.
The plans drawn by Mr. Pattiani have
been submitted to practical engineers and
pronounced perfectly feasible. They con
tain all the suggestions and ideas neces
sary to reconcile the various interests in
volved.
The main features of the new plan as
outlined by the engineer are:
First— lt removes \Vebster-street bridge
and secures a new one at Alice street
which will meet the demands of tne United
States Government.
Second— lt carries the narrow-gauge
Sc«ie From Act 111 of Student John Raymond Russ' Successful Farce-Comedy "The Argonauts."
around and over the new bridge, which
could accommodate both steam roads.
Third — It carries the electric and wagon
road across the new bridge and along Alice
and Second streets to Broadway.
In addition to these advantages there are
others that will at once commend them
selves to those familiar with the situation.
To attain an altitude of sufficient height
to allow the electric and wagon road to go
over the steam tracks there will have to be
an approach built Irom either sicte. That
from Webster street to the bridge roadway
will have a grade of about two feet in 100,
and that from Second street will have a
grade of about three feet in 100.
The present First-street track can be
sunk so as to permit the electric and wagon
roads to go up a grade that will soon j
reach a point above it that will prevent '
horses from being frightened, as the elec- j
trie track will be on that side and between ;
the narrow-gauge and the wagon road. :
The plans show more clearly than any pos- j
sib:e description how the single bridge can
b« made to accommodate all the trathc aad !
afford desired relief to navigation.
The proposed bridge across irom Alice \
street will not meet with the approval of 1
the Adams estate, as it lias just completed !
some tiHe wharves east of Alice street, and
is anxious, if possible, to have the new'
bridge east of its wharves, so that tnere
Will bo no obstruction between them and j
the bay. But neither this plan nor any ;
other that does not provide for placing the I
bridge across the estuary from the foot of '•
Webster street will be altogether acceptable \
to the people in the west end of Alameda,
although the plan proposed by Mr. Patti
ani is far more acceptable to that section
than would be a bridge east of Alice street.
The most commendable feature of the
proposed plan is that it will put the vari
ous interests named to the least possible
expense and will afford the most direct
benefit.
The suggestion of Mr. Curtis of the
Southern Pacific Company that some
time next year the company intend to
THE TIDAL CANAL BRIDGE AS PROPOSED.
repair the Alice-street bridge is regarded t
with suspicion by people whose interests
are most concerned. They see in it a
scheme to lead both tracks "across it and
leave the county to do as it pleases with
the Webster bridge. To do this, however. |
the railroad company will have to obtain
the consent of Colonel Suter to maintain;
a bridjre of narrower width than that
generally permitted, and it is not thought i
that he will allow any such evasion.
THE AMATEUR PLAYERS
Successful Production of John
Raymcnd Russ' Farce-
Comedy.
BERKELEY, Cal., April B.— Society j
turned out in lull force to-night to witness \
the presentation for the first time of the
farce comedy "The ATgonauts," written !
by Raymond John Russ and played by the j
local chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon j
fraternity, of which tie is a member. Shat- j
tuck Hall wa* crowded to the very doors
with guests, and many could not find even
standing room. One thousand invitations
bad been sent out and the response was
! hearty in the extreme. The guests counted
the affair a brilliant success from begin
ning to end.
Tie play was in three acts and three
! scenes, and possessed throughout the ele
■ merits of a well-planned and a well-dc-
I veioped comedy. The plot was complete i
! and well connected, so that there was but j
i little difficulty in following out the
threads of the'play. Most of the charac
ters were well sustained, the setting was
very h'ttinc and the parts were performed j
i almost without a hitch. This was not the
j first production of tbe kind by Russ, and
i his former experience served him in good
■ stead in writing this one. The chief
j criticism which might be offered against
I it was its extreme length.
i I This point might be overlooked, however,
: when the excellency with which the per
i j formers played their parts is considered.
■ j The farce was interspersed with original '
jokes and local hit», and in some parts
| partook much of the satirical. At the
i I close of the first and second acts^great I
numbers of bouquets were thrown neon
the stage for the performers. At one point
in the performance a call was made for
Russ, the composer of the farce. He ap
peared upon the staj:e and with a bow re
cognized the compliment. To add savor
to the lines of the comedy such realistic
hit 9as these were given :
"Marriage is an unusually long time for
a girl to be responsible for a man's ex
pense," and "if a man has $50,000 society
will forgive 50,000 faults as long as the
money lasts."
That the farce savors somewhat of the
satirical may be gained from the following
lines from act II:
It may be a foolish idea, but still yon cannot
deny that we are all Argonauts so long as you
choose to call the Golden Fleece the Almighty
Dollar.
Following were the players:
William Hubbard, a college man. Mr. Thomp
son; John S. Talbot, a man of business. Mr.
Hutchms; Allen Borden, attorney for both
sides ot the Clifton will case, Mr. Veeder:
Sir Hugh Fitz Hugh Riley, Bart., Mr.
Carr; the Rev. Demertlus Doremas Sniv
ers, a budding genius, Mr. Stringham; the
late Colonel Timothy Trelawney, Six
teenth Cavalry, U. 8. A., Mr. BSa'ke; El
liot Doollttle, a leader of germane, Mr. Starr;
Fitzpatrick Murphy, Riley's man, Mr. Laugh
lin; Mrs. Trelawney, an essentially modern
mother, Miss Duff; Dorothy, her daughter,
Miss Carmen Moore; Miss Eulilla Peabody of
the Peabody Femsue Institute, Miss Lilian
Strong; Margaret Clifton, Mrs. Trelawney's
ward, Miss Green; Mrs. W. Stuart Newcome, a
widow, Miss Juliet Garber; Pansy, a light
running domestic, Mr. Wood.
FOUR CHARGES LESS.
A Supreme Court Decision Comes to
the Aid of County Auditor
Whiddin.
OA-KLAND, Cal., April B.— Four of the
indictments against Myron D. Whiddin,
County Auditor, charging him with forgery
in connection with the scandals and short
age in the Tax Collector's office were dis-
missed to-day on motion of the District
Attorney on the ground that there was not
evidence on the part of the people to sup
port a conviction under the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case of the people
against Simon BendPt.
In the cp?p on appeal it ar>peared that
the na me of William Cinff & Co. had been
signed to a receipt by the defendant, with
the le tters thereunder "A. B." The Su
preme Court considers the signine of a
name by another as agent to be a different
crime from forgery, and makes a distinc
tion between the lalse making of an instru
ment and a fai'e assumption of authority.
In the decision the Supreme Court quotes
a> supporting its view:
""n hen one executes and issues an in
strument purporting to be executed by
him a? agent of a Principal therein named
he is not guilty of forgery eitner at com
mon law or the statutes of this State, even
though he has in fact no authority from
such principal to execute the same."
\\ hidden was charged with receiving
certain payments of taxes, and although
not a regular deputy tax collector receipted
for them, signine the receipts 'Alex J.
Rosborough, per W. The District Attor
ney said that this brings the case within
the decision of the Supreme Court. A
falsa assumption of authority in such a
case is in effect obtaining money under
false pretense and a misdemeanor.
There remain, however, rive indictments
against W hidden— four for falsifying public
records and one for embezzlement.
HISTOKY OF A DAY.
Alainerta County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Francwo Call, |
908 Broadway, April 8. j
William Wagner of Merced, accompanied by
. a Deputy Sheriff, called at the City Prison this
I afternoon and took his runaway daughter
! Emma back to their home.
The Reliance Baseball Team will cross bats
with Stanford nine on next Saturday at 3 p. m.
on the campus of the University of California.
Council No. 17, W. A. P. A., and Council No.
23, A. P. A., have made arrangements to run
' an excursion io Glenwood in the Santa Cruz
i Mountains on Saturday, June 6.
The matter of setting the third trial of
Michael Collins for the murder of Philip
Boogar will come up to-morrow. It was con
tinued to-day owing to the Absence of Attorney
George A. Kr.ight.
While working on a new building in course
! of construction at Seventeenth avenue and
j Twenty-second 9treet, this afternoon, W. C.
Bnlch fell from a scnffold and sustained a
rainful compound fraetnre of his right arm.
I He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the bones were set.
Auction Sales
GEO. F. LAMSOJ, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Kramy St.
inPORTANT AUCTioi»TSALE OF NEW AND
ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
THIS DAY.
Friday April 10, 1896,
At 'J p. ii. on tue premises.
849 GOLDEN GATE AVENUE,
COMPRISING
1 Magnificent Parlor Suit, very latest style, up-
holstered In delicate shades of satin, tapestry an. l
silk plushes, very beautiful; Magnitirent Carpets
throughout the house, selected patterns, finest
?uality; tlegant Lace Certains, Portieres and
.ambrequins: Klegant Cherry Hatstand, center
Tables and standard Choice Pictures, Mirrors,
Ornamei.ts an<l Brk-a-broc; 3 Elegant Polished
Uak Mirror-trout Fo.dmx Beds; 3 Handsome
Polishetl Oak Chamber Suits: Kxtra Whitf-hair
Mattresses, Best Pillows: Kxtra White Mission
Biankets, Marseilles Spreads, Best New Sheets,
sli s, Tablecloths and .Napkins; 1 Fine Oak Side-
board, Extension Table and Dining Chairs; Fine
China, Crystal, Glass and Plated Ware; Patent
Table. Stepladdere, Agate-ware, etc.
The above Elegant Furniture has been in use less
than thirty days, and is ordered sold only on ac-
count of very unexpected but immediate depart-
ure lor Philadelphia. Terms cash.
IiEO. F. LAM.SOX, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. LAMSOX, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 lO Kearny Street.
TO-MORROW.
Friday April 10, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. v. on tbe Premises,
NO. 122 A GEARY STREET,
1 will sell on account of departure
THE SIPERIOR FIRNITIRE AND
CARPETS IN ABOVE RESIDENCE,
.... COMPRISING ...
I Walnut Frame Parlor Set in reps, 1 fine Walnut
Cylinder Eookcuse and oecretary, 4 fine (Jak and
Cuerry Chiffoniers, Tapes:ry Carpets. 1 fine Oak
Folding-bed, Spring and Huir Mattress, 1 superior
Bed Sola, costJf6s, Lace Curtains, Walnut Chamber
Suits, 2 fine Si Jebo.irds, 1 Sewing-machine, 1 In-
closed Bath, Dining Chairs, Cook Stove, Kitchen
Utensils, etc. Terms casn.
OEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant aye.
THIS DAY, THURSDAY,
At.10:30 a. m., I will sell at salesroom:
COMPLETE FURNISHINGS OF A
9-ROOM PRIVATE RESIDENCE,
Comprisi g in part: One Upright Nugent Piano,
In mahogany case; Odd Parlor Pieces: Proof Etch-
Ings; cabinets; Sideboard: Oak Extension Table:
Oak Chairs; Oak, cherry and Walnut Chamber
Sets: Loun^'os; Couchvs; Kasv-chairs: Hair Mai-
tresses: Fines: of Bedding; also 6 Standari Kanges
and a large variety of Carpets.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
M. J. MMm AUCTION CO.. WC,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Thursday April 9, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at salesroom.
1057 IWCarltct Street.
Two Fire and Burglar Proof Safes: Handsome
Upright Piano; Fancy odd pieces Parlor Uphol-
stery; Oak, Walnut and Cherry Chamber Sails,
with fine clipper, spring and curled-hslr top mat-
tresses: odd Beds. Bureaus and Washstands;
Oak and Walnut Wardrobes, Wrlting-desus and
Book-cases: i arpets. Cooking Range and numerous
other household requisites.
H. s, KOZMIXSKY. Aurtlon^er.
AN ALAMEDA BOY HURT.
Run Into by Wheelmen Who
Were Training for the
Relay Race.
Mayor Effey of Saata Cruz to Address
the Municipal Ownership
League.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— Frank Kill
inger, a boy 11 years old, was knocked
senseless by wheelmen last night. He
was crossing Park street in front of No.
1320, which is his father's place of busi
ness, when he was run into by a trio of
wheelmen who are to ride in the relay I
race and were training for that event, t
They were G. A. Xissen of the Acme team j
and F. D. Taft and E. M. Whalley of the |
Alameda Cyclers. The wheels of Nlssen
and Taft struck the boy, and wheels,
riders and the victim went down in a con
fused heap.
Whalley managed to sheer off and es
cape. The wheelmen were not injured
and at once remounted their wheels and i
rode away. The boy was badly iurt, it is
feared internally. Warrants were issued :
for the arrest of the riders on a charge of i
violating the ordinance by riding at such a
high rate of speed.
3layor Effey to Speak.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— The Munici
pal Ownership League, "avowedly organized
to create a public sentiment favorable to
city o.vnersnip of light and water plants
and to elect members to the municipal
board who will favor such measures, will
hold a meeting on Saturday evening and
will be addressed by Robert Effey, Mayor
of Santa Cruz. Mr. Effey will inform the !
peopie of Alameda of the advantages that i
Santa Cruz has enjoyed by reason of own
ing its own water supply.
An organization in opposition to the
Municipal Ownership League is talked of.
There are a good many people who do not
favor municipal ownership, especially as
exemplified in Alameda's experiment," and
who especially do not approve of the
increase of taxes — amounting to 20 per,
cent during the current year — that such'
ownership entails. These may emphasize
their disapproval in an organization that
will formally protest.
Kailroad Improvements.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— The streets
and grounds in the vicinity of the broad
gauge depot are to be finely improved.
Lincoln avenue is to be bituminized by
j property-owners and all the company's
] grounds will be likewise improved, the
| decision to do so being arrived at this
I morning at a conference of the Superin
j tendent of Streets, City Engineer and the
i railway officials. This will make a depot
and surroundings such as Alameda has
loag desired and striven for. The next
move will be to get some of the private
property adjacent to the depot improved.
Vi.oltinsr the Alameda Schools.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— S. T. Black,
• State Superintendent of Public Instruc- !
: tion, began to-day a thorough inspection of
i the Alameda schools. He visited the
\ Porter, Haight, Longfellow and Encinal
I schools to-day and will visit the others to
morrow, after which he will be tendered
a reception by the teachers. Mr. Black is
the first State Superintendent to visit of
ficially the schools of Alameda.
Covered With Liens.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April B.— The tenth
lien has been filed on the Encinal Hall
building at Bay station, built for Mrs
Mary R. Mastick. The claim is put in by
William Mann and J. Mole and is for
$1278. This brings tho Hens filed on this
building up to a total of $4698.
RIGHTS OF CYCLISTS.
A Lady Rider's Damage Suit Against
an Electric Street Railroad
Company.
OAKLAND, Cal., April B.— The suit of
J. N. Barstow and Alice C. Barstow
against the Alameda, Oakland and Pied
mont Electric Railroad Company for $25,
--000 as damages for injuries received, was
begun here to-day. The attorneys are pre
paring for a big contest as the suit is
somewhat unique and involves some nice
points of law as to the rights of the road,
and the matter of nesrligence as between
bicyclists and persons in charge of electric
cars.
The complaint sets forth "that on March
23. 1895, Mrs. Alice C. Barstow was Jaw
fully upon Santa Clara avenue in the city
of Alamcda, and was riding a bicycle
along Santa Clara avenue, when the
dsfendant was so careless, recklesss,
negligent and unskiilful in the manage
ment, operation, propulsion and control
ment of its cars, that it did overtake and
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular sale Days,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS 6AY.
Thursday April 8, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., on premises,
953Va Howard Street, Bet. sth and 6th,
WE WILL SELL.... •
AN ELEGANT LINE OF FURNITURE
.OF 14 ROOMS,
. COMPRISING
Oak and Walnut Bedroom Sets, Hair and Spring
Mattresses. % Bed and Mattresses, Parlor Sets,
Blankets, Comforters, Pillows: Brussels Carpets
throughout the house: Extension Table, Side-
board, Bed Lounges, Sofa*. Lace Curtains, Lino-
leum, Toilet Sets, Croc cry, Glassware, 3 Rugs,
eta, and other usernl articles. '■/ "'•
W. B.— These goods have been In? use three
months, and as eood as new.
CHAS. LEVY A- CO.. Auctioneers.
i. C. HITHER, AUCTIONEER,
* OFFICE— S2I KEARNY STREET.
WILL SELL THIS DA*,
THURSDAY, April 9, commencing at 11 a. it.
sharp, at 521 Kearny St., all the Fine Stock and
Fixtures of a Fine Grocery and Saloon, Including
all kinds of Staple and Fancy Groceries, wines,
Liquors and Cigars, etc.; also 2 i-.legant Counters;
Fine Btlllard-tab!e, with Ivory balls, and Horse
and Wagon. At I. o'clock, sharp, we will tell to
the highest bidder the Fine Oak and Walnut Furni-
ture. Carpet.". Bedding and Ranges of 3 private
residences. No limit, no reserve.
J.C. MUTHKtt, Auctioneer. •
FIRE UNDERWRITERS' SALE,
AT 773 MARKET ST., NEAR FOURTH,
TO-MORROW.
Friday, the 10th day of April, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. it.,
WE WILL SELL
BALANCE OF J. HI'S STOCK,
Removed from Mission st.,
consisting OP
Four Bar Outfits, a number of Bar
Counters and Some Showcases;
A few Gas Ranges, Parlor Stoves and Kitchen
Ranges; a Io: of Linoleum: new and second-hand
Carpets end Carpet Lining. This will positively
be the last day of the sa'a, and we recommend It to
every one, as the goods must be sold.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
ISO Sutter, Upstair*.
B. M. BIRDSALL, Proprietor.
H. J. LKUTHQi/rz. Auctioneer.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
EAEJ< '" rST - Established
in lor the treatmentof Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin D i sc ? s '£ I be doc tor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
( i:iT>:iiarant(fd. Callorwrlta.
Dr. J. F. feIKBOX. Box 1957.San^rMd*»
with great force and violence strike the
plaintiff and run into the bicycle upon
which she was riding, and she was hurled
to the. gTound, receiving great bodily in
jury, and sustained a severe shock and
great injury to her nervom system."
The jury "which will try the case consists
of Messrs. W. D. Thomas, M. J. Acton, W.
C. Fleischaver, W\ Carash, M. Sheeline,
John M. Rae, W. Crawford, William Long
staff, Georee Meinecke and Fred \V.
Mowry, all of whom said they were not
accustomed to riding bifyles; had no
prejudice against corporatio.i ■ or corpor
ate ownership of property; had no desire
to cinch corporations, and knew none of
the stockholders of the road.
The Chief of Police has been pegging away at
the electric railway companies to have them
attach to their cars practical safety guards, and
as a result the Oakland Consolidated will taka
the initial step within a few days.
Movements of Trans- Atlantis Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 9-s:mr Schiedam,
from Amsterdam.
ifetet:'
A smart Broadway, New
/A York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
LEGAL NOTICES.
TTV*^in)"c6TN^T^"fRXASURr! sXx
Francisco, March 21. 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section &of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 16,
1880, there will be sold at public aution by E. 8.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of sttlen. lost and unclaimed
property recovered by • the police force of San
Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory thereof on
tile In the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. . A. c. WIDBER,
■ City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
in the mutter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
13.948.
Notice Is hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a. corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to Uie Superior Court of the State of California In
ana for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and thai
! MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896. at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San 1 rancisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court thia
12th day of March, 1896.
[Seal.J <". F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. K. A. JOHNSON.
Deputy County Clerk and .x-ofliclo Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. ■ • ' ■
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in or.d for the City and County of
San Francisco. .Depart ment No. 10.
In the matter' of the upplicat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsmore Water ■ Company"
. (a corporation). I Notice of bearing. No. 13.949.
Notice is hereby Riven that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under thelaw3Of
the State ot California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for th«
City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to De dissolve!, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour 10 o'clock
'a. m. of that day. or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and i he courtroom of department No. '
10 of said Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, In the new City Hall,
San Francisco. " Cal., are appointed aa the time
and place at which said application will be heard.
: In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
. and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
[Seal. J C. F. CURRY,' County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
, Deputy County Clerk and ex-ofllcio j Deputy Cleric
' of the superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Pell-
tlonen,
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__
-710 Market eireet, opeu until. 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery strMt,
corner Clay : open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«a
■ ntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock. . - '
Additional Classified Adrtiseve
nients on Page 18.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
p : ~5P' DORIC LODGE No. 216. F. AND •
B^-' a. M., 121 Eddy st.— Called meet-_J^_
Inc Tills (THURSDAY) EVENING atVY
7:30 clock, Second degree, sojourning /^T >
biethren are invited. By order of the W. M.
A. KR' BERG, Secretary.
fF^ CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. l, F. "i
B^^ and A. M.. will meet THIS (Til IKS- Ji
DAY) EVENING, April 9, at 7:30 o'clock. TKIT
Third decree. By order of the Master. V~y >
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
|t^sp YEHBA r.r I.NA LODGE —
_:&' No. 15, I. O. O. F.-l'.ci:"'ar3^HS&
meeting on THURSDAY' EVENING, 7
April 9. Una! action will betaken '•'"..■:
w on tlie proposition of joining I. O. O. F. Library.
As this Is a question of great importance to the
lodce all members are earnestly requested to be
present. E. G. HARRISON, N. G.
M. S. Jkfkers .In.. Rec. sec.
Bf-^s= CLANNA NAN Ga7d"hKA_T CT 5.
l^-& an Guailibh a* cheile.— The Sur. ;& fkvu
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club will SjkXJZic
i old its regular monthly meeting Til is *-_^
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 32 O'Farrell st. at
S o'clock. After the meeting the '•smoker" will
J>e held, to whicn all Scotchmen are invited to be
present. J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
George W. PatEbsox. Recorder. .
jF-s§= Tin PORT"! FIRST ASSEMBLY DIS-
B>~-& trjoi Republican Executive Council Club
will me.-: THIS- (THURSDAY*) EVENING at
r l ilion's Hall, Union su near octavia, at 8 o'clock.
H. C. FIREBAUGH, President,
C. M. symonps. Secretary^
R^S= MASS M PEOPLE'S HOME
U_? Snvines Banit depositors at 102 O'Farrell
.■-•.. FRIDAY, 10th inst. a! 8 P. M.
. T. S. WILLIAMS Jr.. Secretary.
__________________
lllVIDKM) NOTKKS.
B^gp DIVIDEND NOIUK- NEVADA
Ct— sl Bank of .-^ati Francisco. The Jsoard of Direc-
tors of this bank have declared a dividend (No. 16)
for the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of six
(ti) percent per annum, payable on and af;er the
15th of April. Transfer-books will be closed from
the ll):h to the 15th ins;., both days inclusive.
D. R. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. April >*■ 1*96.
SrECIAI. NOTICES.
B: BAD IKNAXI's EJECTED FOfT"*4 ;
•*-*" collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,' room 6. Tel. 6580.
jtr** WINDOWS li.X AN E AND FLOORS
B3 " ecrubbe\l; reasonable rales: payment for
carnages cuiiranteinl. C. ROSSI _ CO.. 242 Sutter.
"~~ SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE. ■
IURBT-CLAHS FRENCH, GERMAN AND
American cooks: Swedish and American laun-
dresses; second girls, maids and nurses, with the
beat of city references. call at LEON ANDRE'S,
315 Stockton st.
QUPERIOB COOK DESIRES SITUATION;
0 hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; best refer-
ences. MISs CULLEN. 323 Sutter sr.
VREM'H SECOND GIRL WITH REFER-
-T enoe desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 312 Sutterst.
"/ 'O.MI'ETENI Hoi SEWOhK GIRL (PROT-
\J estant). with superior references, wants a place
In the country; can cook well. Please address
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
T ADI CAN SECURE FIRST-CLASS. HELP
J_ by callinc. addressing or telephoning MISS
Uli K>:Y, 1033 Post st. Telephone Sutter 52.
OTELHELP-2 VERY COMPETENT GIRLS,
used to work, will go to resort or city house at
reasonable remuneration: well recommended.
ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland.
L'DUCATED WOMAN SEEKS POSITION AS
-I- useful companion; would instruct children or
lady of ueglected education; sew or light house-
work ; small salary accepted. Address Competent,
339 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED NEW ENGLAND WOMAN:
tirst-class nurse in confinement or sickness:
pood cook and housekeeper: a home desired more
iiiau wages; best of references. Address P. C,
box 131. this office.
Ut ANTED— BY A NEAT WOMAN, ANY
kind 01 light work; io care for children; neat
Fewer; make herself generally useful. Can 2133
Rust] -t.. tor two days; wages $12: references.
p EFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSI-
XI tion for children; willing to make herself use-
ful; city or country, S. 1., 1124 Larkin st.
VOUXO GIRL SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X English; do children's dresses: would like posi-
tion in respectable family; care for children and
light housework. Address 511 Hyde St., from 10
a. M, to 4 P. M.
VEAT YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL WANTS
-^> general housework in an American family; is
a good plain cook; wa^es $20. Call or address
1810 Broderick St..
V-OUNUGIRL, WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
-X light hous-work in small family; no washing,
I'lease call or address 1402 Pacific St., near Hyde.
1 JELIABLE WOMAN WANTS a SITUATION
-It to do housework. Call or address 1i96 Mission
et., room 7.
i tADV WOMAN WANTS STEADY' WORK
O in a kitchen; good references. Address 253
Harriet si., or call, open front door, ring inside bell.
"OTRONG WOMa3.~\vXnTS~WORK BY' THE
0 day; $1 and car fare. Call or address 211 A
Garden St.
VOUXG WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X as working housekeeper, or cooking, country
preferred. Address E. E., box 15, Call Office.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES BITUA-
«' tion: housework; city or country. Please call
at 134' a Seventh st., top floor.
MUM > L A i . 1 : L)"" Wo M * N WANTS SITUA-
tion to do light housework, city or country ;
Email wages. Call or address -27 Minna st."
Uf ET NURSE WAN IS A POSITION. CALL
or address Wet Nurse, 912 Howard, nr. Fifth.
ORPHAN GIRL, 13 YEARS OLD, DESIRES
good home: speaks English and German; refer-
ences. Address U. g., box 1-4, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH GIRL
kJ to do housework and plain cooking; wages $20.
-24. Seventeenth st., bet. Capp and Mission.
VOUXG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
X take care of children. Apply 720 Willow aye.
XPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRES
Jj plain sewing and mending; hours 1 to 6. 106
btockton st., room 22.
IDDLE-AGED GIRL WISHES situation
to do general housework. Call or address 224Vb
Twenty-third si.
SITUATION WANTED by A scandina-
O vian girl to do general housework. Call or ad-
dress for 2 days at 49 Sacramento st.
■V OUNG, RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A
X situation at light housework or taking care of
children. Apply lor 2 days at 257 Clementina, off
Four.h si.
/COMPETENT WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
V/ laundress, thoroughly understands her busi-
ness, would do downstairs worK; city or country
country preferred. Address 2030 Pine, near Bu-
chanan.
YOUXG LADY' would like to work, IN
X. an office as copyist or address envelopes. Ad-
dresa C. box 163, Call Office.
AN EXPERIENCED GIRL WISHES SITUA-
__ tion as cook or general housework in small
family. 609 Nineteenth st.
I ADY WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
Xj keeper, city or country. Call or address 137
fceveuth st., room 3.
EXPECTABLE «»IRL WANTS SITUATION
— t for housework and cooking. Call 1024 How.
urd st., room 12.
A ' OU.\G GERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
X. lion to do upstairs work; city or country. Ap-
ply 126 Guerrero st. . "
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION FOR
VJ general housework; is a good cook. Call or ad-
dress 232 Nineteenth St., near Mission.
/COMPETENT YOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE
\J to do housework In American family. Call or I
address 314 Jessie st.
ASTtK.X GIRL. GOOD COOK AND LAUN-
drehs, wishes a situation m general housework. '
4-4 Baoiweil .>:., Peat Nineteenth. ...
GOOD COOKT-WEDISH WOMAN. LATELY
"T from the East, with best of references, wishes
ii situation: American family preferred. Call or
write to A. J., 3_'SVi Tenth aU
STRONG YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
wants washing, cleaning, moving by the day.
V;-* Verona ■>;.. corner Third, between Folsom aua
Harrison.
■\ If OMAN wishes WORK BY THE DAY :
'' li<insfcle:iniii^ or washing. 619 Natoma st.
GOOD I>KK»MIAKKK AND SEAMSTRESS,
yj from Vienna, wants place in private family for
sewing ana chamberwork; New York and city
references. .Address 1- „ pox 130. Call Office. '.
G"~lliL WISHES SITUATION TO do LIGHT
housework or upstairs work. Call or address
M9O l 2 >acr.injii,i() s..
7T IKL WANTS PLACE" TO ASSIST WITH
\J light housework:' wuges $10 to 12. Address
].. X., box 83, Call Office.
1 ilia I':- -IKES SITUATION to assist IN
VI housework or take care of children. Apply at
433 Grove st. , .;
S~ TRONG RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, cooking or bousecleaninz
by the day. MRS. ROSS, 1 1 5 Vi Twenty-sixth St.,
near Mission. . •
ADY WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT AS IN-
lunt's nurse: willing to travel. Apply Y. W.
C. A.. 1221 u'Farrell su . v .
would LIKE; A SITUATION as
J chambermaid in hotel or boarding-house; city
or country: vood reference.' Y. W. c. A., -1221
o'Farrell M.
-"pi^LIABLK WOMAN WITH A CHILD, GOOD
Jl cook, wishes a situation to do general house-
work. Aadrr-ss 549 Mission si.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued. '
IDDLE- AGED LADY WISHES rOSITIOV
'to do housework or attend children: , plain
laundry work. Address A:, box 125, Call Office.
V"OUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
1 housekeeper. Call at 15 Eddy St., room 20,
second floor. ■•-' .;■
SITUATION WANTED FOR SECOND WORK
k? or general housework in small family by very
competent girl. Call lor R. X.. 515 Eighth st.
PETENT DRESSMAKER, CUTS AND
\J fits, would like a few more engagements by
the day or week; no objection to the country; or
assist in chamberwork or children: reference.
I»U6a Mission st. ■'
poMPETEIsT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SIT-
Vj nation to do second work; understands plain
sewing or do general ' housework. Address 3119
Mission st. ■ ■ • '
Vtr AN TED-BY AX ELDERLY WOMAN,
»» work in small private family; is steady and
reliable; good housekeeper. Address or call 242
Fifth st. : ..
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
J- bookkeeper, typewriter and stenographer;
salary no object until trial is given. Please in-
quire at 613V2 Jones St., near Geary.
V»r ANTED— BY a young LADY, POSITION
'» to do general office work. Address B. D., 40
Erie st. ■
(> IRL WANTS POSITION TO DO AMBER-
vjr work and waiting or help with housework.
Call at 111 Austin St., bet. Bush and Pine, nr.Polk.
'OUNG LADY WISHES ANY, LIGHT OCCU-
-L pation from 9 till 5 p. m. dally: can cut and fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc. Apply 706
Eills st. ■ . . • - :
7SOM PETENT INFANT'S NURSE DESIRES
\J a situation: has hrst-c'ass references; city or
country. Call or address 920 Post st. .
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK
1 by the day; washing, ironing and houseclean-
ing. Call or address 319-321 Ellis St., Rosedale
House. | . - it. A
rpWO RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRLS WANT
1 situations at housework; wages $15 to slB. Ad-
dress E. 0., box 71. Call Office.
■yiRENCU LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
JO do sewinc, etc: good dressmaker: waiting, etc.
Address LEONIE EHLY. 13 Trenton St., off Pa-
cific, bet. Stockton and Powell.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X working housekeeper, or any position where a
reliable, practical person is required: no triners.
Call afternoons, 122 Turk st.
YOUNG GIRL. 19 YEARS, WANTS GENK-
— ral housework in a private family. 711 Eliza-
beth st., near Castro.
IDDLE-AGED RELIABLE WOMAN WISH-
es to do house by the month or day. 912
Howard St., nr. Fifh.
YOUNG" WIDOW DESIRES .SITUATION.
1 housekeeper* or general housework; city or
country. 905 Powell st. .
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY" THE
X day washing and cleaning office: $1 a day and
carfare. Address W. »'.. box 32, this office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nicht :
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable; |
tree bus to and from th*» ferry. /" ■-'■■•. j
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
PC. «. cboK'^SOcTsUPPLrES COOKS; ALL
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel. Grant 46.
UNTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment oflice, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
/■HI NESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
GERMAN BUTLER WHO THOROUGHLY
VX understands his business and can furnisn tes-
timonials from his last place wants a situation in
city or any distance in country. Please telephone
(Main 5472) or address Butler, 424 Sutler St.
1 ENGLISH BUTLER, W ITH" 3 YEARS RF.F-
■i euces from last place, wants a situation in city
or country. For particulars address K. 8., 424
Sutter st , ortelephone Main 5472.
OBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
-0 class Eastern and San Francisco references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dress < . G,, box 137, Call Office.
pAINTER WANTS TO WORK FOR PRI-
-1 vate pnr;v; can furnish tools. Address P. C,
box 132 : Call Office.
Tl' ANTED — BY EXPERIENCED YOUNG
»' man, any kind of elf rical position: first-class
references. C. H. WHITE, Spear and Howard sts.
pOACHMAN, YOUNG SINGLE MANTfiI^ST-
\J class reference, wishes situation. Address C.
M., box 108. Call.
YOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION AS BAR-
X tender or clerk in grocery- Address A. N., box
111, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS PAINTER, TINTER AND
X paper-hanger wants work by the day; roll or
contract. Address Paper-hanger, box 72, Call.
E~XP KIT I C El) CHINESE PORTER
wishes a situation in saloon. Address CHAR-
LEY SAM, 811 V 2 Ja<kson st.
AN. 30. THOROUGHLY RELIABLE. NOT
afraid of work, wants employment; writes a
good haud. Address N. N.. box 120, Call Officle.
VITA NT ED- SITUATION TO CARE FOR
'» horses, drive and do gardening: low wages;
bnst of reference. C. C, box 131, Call Office.
AN AND WiFE: MAN AS FOREMAN. IN
cellar and vineyard, thoroughly understands
his business: wife to do cooking; good reference.
J. D., box 163, Call Office.
OY. LIVING AT HOME. 17 YEARS OLD,
who has had 3 years' experience in one shop in
the tin-roofing and metal-cornice work, wishes to
finish his trade or get some work where his ex-
p-rience is of value. Address G., bex 32, Call
Office.
1 i EKMAN MAN AND WIFE CAPABLE AND
vJ industrious want situation, or would take full
charge of private place or small ranch: man is a
gardener and handy man; wife a good strong
house-worker. Address M., box 3, Call Office,
Oakland.
JAPANESE FAITHFUL BOY" WISHES POST-
tI tion for housework or cook; good reference. Ad- ■
dress S. N., 529% Geary st.
PAINTER AND WHITENER WANTS WORK;
X has first-class kit will work very cheap. Ad-
dress V. C, box 113, Call Office. j
OY, BETWEEN 16 AND 17. WOULD LIKE
to get work. Address 102 Lundy lane.
■yOU NO MAN (GERMAN) WISHESA PLACE
X as barkeeper; city or country. Address WIL-
LIAM v. ELLING, care of C. HUNTEMANN &
i 0., 801 Kearny st,
TEADY RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
wishes a situation. Address THEODORE
PETERSON, 821 Hampshire st., city.
yOUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X watchman, janitor or porter; best of reference.
Call or address 1237 Stockton su, room 19.
IDDLE-AOED DANE WANTS SITUATION
in private family; Is first-class driver and
groom; understands how to keep a garden in good
I order; ■ will make himself generally useful ; strictly
temperate. Address S. D., box 139, Call Office.
lTkliable young man WISHES SITUA-
XV tion in some light business; wages no object.
Address J. M., 54 Oak st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A LEARNED
German gardener, married, who has worked
for over 6 years in one of the largest wine estab-
lishments of San Francisco, and who understands
the work thoroughly in city or country; good ref-
erences. . Address A. X., 3161,4 Langton st.
pOACHMAN— A YOUNG" EASTERN MAN
\J wishes situation in gentleman's place: thor-
oughly understands his business; years of New
York City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento St.. S. F. . .
INGLE MAN OF 28 WISHES POSITION IN I
the country as ranch carpenter. Addiess S. M.,
box 134, call Office.
SITUATION . WANTED BY YOUNG MAN;
has had several years' experience as a drug
cleric in this city: good recommendations. Ad-
dress T., box 16, Call Office.
yoUNG MAN (21) WANTS SITUATION TO
X drive milk wagon; has had experience. Ad-
dress E. C, box 62, this office.
yOU NO MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
1 wholesale store: 19 years; references. Ad-
dress E. 8., box 73, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
in private place to taice care of horses, garden
and cows; good driver: best of references. Ad-
dress J. DESHWANDEN, Napa, Cat.
IMRST-OLASS UPHOLSTERER AND CAR-
pet-layer will ■ come to bouse • and work ; send
postal. 11 Willow aye.
BY GOOD GERMAN COOK FOR HOTEL, TlES~-
taurantor boarding-house. Call 545 Mission.
pOMPETENT BOOKKEEPER, MARRIED,
\J who speaks English, French and German, with
best of • city references and bonds, wants a situa-
tion, or would like to keep small sets of books, at.
reasonable terms. Address N. V, box 91. Call.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ~~
■\7EAT, MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR CooK-
—i ing and housework: country: $20; fare paid.
MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay st. ■
LAUNDRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20; SEC-
Xj ond girl, $20: cooks ami housework girls.
MURRAY <fc READY, 634 Clay si.
OOK, t BOARDING-HOI SE, $25: LAUN-
v> dress, $25: cook. German or French style. $30;*
cook, hotel, Menlo. $30: cook, hospital, city, $4uio
$50: second girl. Oakland $25, Alameda $20: 15
housework girls, city. 820 -to *25: 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. , MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler at,
HOUSEWORK GIRL, NAPA, $20; COOKS,.
San Luis Obispo $25, Bakersfield $25, Mon-
terey County $20. Larksnur $2.i: second girl $25:
nurse, country, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, SLEEP HOME, $10-
-refined nurse, city, $15; German nursery
governess, $25.; MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st. •
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER. WIDOWER,
»' $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER, $26. MISS
CULLEN, 32.i Sutler st. • ;-
RE FINED WOMAN, COUNTRY, $15. MIBS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MAID: SLEEP HOME; $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter si. , .: -
I^ADY"' MAID , WHO UNDERSTANDS
_— something about massage; $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH coo kT country-
\J »30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
IRISH GIRL: JEWISH FAMILY; $30. MISS
1 CULLEN, 323 utter st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
HELP .WANTED— Continued. '
COOKS, JEWISH FAMILIES, *23; ;f \OUNG
girls, housework, city, *15; kitchen girl, $15:
German . girls, city and country, $20; girls for
liou«*'work, city aid country, $16 and $20. C. R.
HANSEN * CO.. 110 Geary St.
W OMAN PA. -TRY COOK AND BAKER,
»» summer resor: t $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary hi.
Vl IDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR PLAIN COOK-
ing and light housework; small family. MISS
HICKKV, 1 033 Post St.
3 HOUSEWORK GIRLS; $IUTO $12. APPLY
O early. MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post, near Polk.
2 HOUSEWORK GiRLS, GERMAN OR BWED-
ish; $16. Call before 10 o'clock at MISS
mCKJBY%. 1033 Post st. ;■:■.. ■ aLLaa :
GENERAL HOUSEWORK GIRLS; • ALA-
VJ meda; $15 to $20: small family; see party
here. MISS HICK 1033 Post st. . . -f
REFINED WOMAN AS HOUSEKEEPER
for gentleman with two children; country; see
gentleman here. MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
\y AN I RD— TWo HOUSEWORK GIRLS FOR
*» good steady places, $25 each; young second
girl. Menlo Park, $20: laundress, San Rafael, $30;
4 elrls for housework in country, $20. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter.
WANTED— GERM AN OR SCANDINAVIAN
'» second for small family in country; house-
work: call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 312
Sutter st. - , • , ;
GIRLS WITH GOOD REFERENCES WILL
VJ find the best places at MRS. ELL'S Em-
ployment Bureau. 625 Eighth st., Oakland.
COOK. SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE,. $25:
pastry cook, bakery, $30: cook, family. $25:
bouse girl, 2 in family, $25; 4 house «trls,'s2(i- 2
girls, country, $20 to $25: young girl, $10. 315
Sutterst.
\\T ANTED — COOK, AMERICAN FAMILY.
'" $30: 4 German cooks, $25 and $30; cook,
Fresno. $25: girl. Santa Cruz, $20; girls, $25, $20.
MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
HEAD WAITRESS, $30. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st.
\Y AN D — LADY STENOGRAPHER. AP-
»' ply to MILTON P. GARRATT, Fifth and
Brannan sts.
yoUNG LADY TO TEND STORE; BAKERY;
■- German preferred. 306 Fourth st. •
\V ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
_»_»_ housework. 2042 O'Farrell st.
■VjX'RSE GIRL WANTED. 1630 ELLIS ST
IRL TO TAKE CARE CHILD AND MAKE
herself useful around kitchen. 2014 Green st.
Vy ANTED— GIRL WHO~HAS HAD SOME
' ' experience at coatmaking. 18 Russ st.
TA I LORESS WANTED; GOOD PANTS-
X maker. 469 Jessie st.
A*' A.N 1 I.D-GIRL, FRENCH OR GERMAN!
' ' to do upstairs work. 1207 Gough st.
\y ANTED— TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS
»' 626Minniast.
'. rpAITToRESS WANTED ON COATS. 109"
J. Fourth st. »
G~ ~IRL OR WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK;
VT wages $10. 1021 Van Ness aye.
GIRL ON CL.Vfi.M VE&TS. 622 CLAY ST.,
second floor, rcom 13.
,\y ANTIi D - IN ISHERS AND BUTTON
'' hole-makers. I. HARRIS, 1117 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED HANDS on VESTS; ALSO
Xj apprentice. 641 Stevenson st.
VyANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
»' of child; wlsogirl: good cook. 738 Ellis St.
OMAN TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK;
'» steady place for the right person; none but
Americans need apply. 310 Clipper st., near Noe.
y NG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X and care of children. 1019 Fair Oaks sts.
AN APPRENTICE WANTED TO LEARN
dressmaking. Call at 1631 Polk st.
V OUNG LADY TO ASSIST IN LIGHT H <USE-
- work; wages small: Western Addition. Ad-
dress W. A., box 26, Call Office. .
APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. 627 NA-
toma st.
TM RST-CLASS WAISTMAKER. " DANNEN-
X BAUM, MUELLER & KAHN, 723 Market St.
Ay ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO
»». cook i and general housework oil a small
ranch. Apply room 24, Brooklyn Hotel.
AXT ANTED-FIR^T-CLASS OPERATOR; BUT-
" ' tonhole-maker and finishers. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
\ PPRENTICES ON CUSTOM COATS; PAY
-V while learning. 410 Kearny St., room 24.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work and cooking. 615 McAllister st.
AIRDKESSING. 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons. sl 60. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught: new styles: perfect fitting patterns'
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
THIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
X first-class need apply. 604 Sutter st.
Vl r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f*»« bus to and from the ferry.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-- ting and malting. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
i'I Winchester Houm. 44 -Third st., near Market-
iOO rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and »rom the ferry.
I AWRENCE PATTERN HolSE—
J-rutt'.ng gchonl. 1231 Market «t..Oeu Hth and 9th.
MALE JIELP WANTeIT
COOKS, FROM $20 TO »60: 3 WAITBBH;
_• 2 dishwashers: hotel porter; . ironer: marker;
butter and cheese maker; 4 milkers; spool-tender;
4 wire-nail operators, $2 50 day: charcoal-burner;
broommaker: teamsters; 4 farmers: and other
places from $15 to $80. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
"1 ft OOn KKDWOOD TIES TO CUT. TOOLS
-LV/.W-T furnished, see to?* here: Sshimrle--
bolt-makers. MURRAY' _ READY, • 634-630
Clay st. . '.'.■:-:■:
1 0 oC\(\ CORI>S ( 4-FOOT REDWOOD TO
H/.UUUcut: 70c per cord. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
C LABORING MEN TO MAKE ROADS, COUN-
t-» try, «20 and found; 10 tiemaKers, long job, He,
9c and 10c apiece: stagedriver, shoe his own
horse.-,, $30; machine shirt polisher, $12 a week:
dishwasher, country restaurant, $4 a week. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
EXTRA BARKEEPER; SEE PARTY HERE.
Fj C. R. HANSON _ C > 110 Geary st.
1 RONE AND POLISHER ON " TROY MA-
X chine, country laundry, $12 a week; cook and
wife, country restaurant, $30; neat young pantry-
man, country hotel, $16; 2 waiters, restaurant $8
a week. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
A MILKERS, COUNTRY. $22 50 AND FOUND"
T: see boss here. C. R. HaNSEN <£ CO., Ho
Geary st. '
INEMAN TO ACT AS FOREMAN ON MUN- i
dy donkey engine in the woods; 2 staff-mold-
ers, near city, $2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO
110 Geary st. -
PROFESSIONAL COOK FOR INSTITUTION;
must have references, $50; pastry cook and
baker, small hotel, near city, $25; all-round cook,
summer resort. $36; waitress for south, fare ad-
vanced, $20; waitress, summer resort, $20. C R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\y ANTED — STAGE-DRIVER, $30 AND
'» found, see boss here: fruit farmer and wife
$30, fare and office paid; farmer and milker, $2.
tiemakers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSiiTT
<fc CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
\\ ANTED— THREE SCANDINAVIAN, GER-
" man or American quartz miners at once J.
F. CROSETT <fc CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
Vy ANTED— A GOOD GERMAN MEAT AND
'» pastry cook, $70: waiter, plain hotel, $25;
waiter who can open oysters, $35: good shirt-
Ironer, country, $35 and found: boy for boarding-
house, $16. etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
STEWARD: COUNTRY HOTEL. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
JJOOKK_EPER WANTED BY MANUFAC-
SJ turing concern; must be thoroughly compe-
tent; married man preferred; students or ai a-
tenrs need not apply; state age, experience and
references; salary $125 per month. Address B.
X.. box 127, Call Omce.
' ANTED-AN UPHOLSTERY and car-
p-t salesman; none but those with , practical
experience in a retail house need apply. .Call at
623 Market, st., room 7, from 3 to 6 p. m.
Vl' ANTED— A PRACTICAL FURNITURE
»' salesman ;. one with some knowledge of nn-
holstery ana carpets preferred. Apply 623
Market St., room 7, from 3 to 6 P. m.
ANTED — PARTNER: ESTABLISHED
"» business; $100: on easy terms. J. M., boy
111, Call Office. . ■■„.
U~ T ANTED— YOUNG MaN ABOUT 18, Foil
coal yard; must understand the work and
know the city. 1327 Mission st.
: Ay ANTED— UPHOLSTERER FOR OLST-
»' ering and carpet-cleaning establishment. 339
Twenty-fourth st. .' ; ; . ■ .. :
AN TO SELL TICKETS; FOR CONCERT
company: must have $40. cash; money se-
cured. 997 Market, room 8, 1 to 2p. it.
ARRIAG I.-PAIN I'ER to DO general
work. -Apply 265 Stevenson st. ,\
TJAINTEK: GOOD STAGEHAND; $2 60 DAY.
J X Inquire cor. Taylor and Post; grocery.
OOK WANTED. SAN BRUNO HOTEL, SAN
V^' Bruno road. ;. .•' •■«■?.: "; . :. ;:- ■
rnWO BARBERS WANTED. 612 CLAY ST.
A\, r ANTED— DISHWASHER AT 207 SECOND
»» street.:. --"- ■-■.' •; . A ■:■;■■.-, ■:■■:*. ' ' .;.;.- .: - ; ; \. ,:-
AY. BOYS— TONY, 722 HOWARD, GIVES 3
C? eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c; a good square
meal for 6c; give us a call. - : ■ .-.-.:...
\y ANTED— STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
'* paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26y a Ke.ariiy st. r ■-', :
4-'-lOfl- PARTNER IN EXPRESS BUSI-
-<JpOUU. ness: established 9 years; double and
single team; best chance in lifetime for active
man: No. 1 bargain. STENBERG & CO., 632 Mar-
ket st.
ffi»9X n PAYING CORNER SALOON WANTS
«©— O\J. partner; experience not necessary. - 633
Howard st. :',■,■■--, ■-"■ ■"■ ■ .:* • " ■'
.^ARBER-SHOP FORTsaLK IN OAKLAND;
X» 1 chair. Address B, box 4. Call Office. Oakland.
T^XPERIENCED DRESS, -. ]X)MESTfc"~AND
Xi men's furnishing salesmen. Address Drive,
box 33, Call Office. , ' <; ' ,*.
HELP WANTED-Continued.
TV" ANTED— A YOUNG MAN' TO LEARN
c stationery, business; small wages; ! good op- I
portunity; a? about 22. Address A. A., box 77,
Call Office. , -. :
W ANTED— LOS ANGELES TAILOR WANTS
* » nrst^lass cutter, one accustomed to fine trade
preferred. Address L., box 137, Call Office.
WANTED— BOY OF GOOD FAMILY IN A
■' » nrst-class architect's office to learn the pro-
fession ; no pay. Address Boy, box 140, Call Office.
WANTED — YOUNG 1 MAN LEARN -SIGN-
»' writing; steady employment; good Wages;
small capital. Address R., box 61, Call Office.
O ARBER 15a SHOP FOR SALE ON AC
XI count of going East. 1525 Park st., Alameda.
W ANTED-MAN TO MAKE HIMSELF GEN-
J . « rft H.v useful at a lunch counter; must have
17a. 1A Kearny st., room 10. ■
EXPERIENCED BUSINESS MAN WHO IS
J-< willing to invest $200 in saloon and lunch-
house. Address box 79, Call Oflice.
ARBER — PARTNER WITH $200; ELE-
» 1 gant.y fllted-up shop; good location. BTOLTZ,
630 Market st.
ASTER WEEK-2 FRESH EGGB, WITH
±J coffee, tea or milk, bread, butter, etc, sc. 635
Clay st., Big Yellow Front. -
IV Kw WALDO. HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
J. M nd 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; waek $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
T IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
iJ profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet. 3 <fc 5 p. M., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
/r XI A \. M at Ciolden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 1212 to 1218
Market st.
BEST MEaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED- 8
■v courses, 10c. at r-eattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
T>EST IN CITY-SING t.E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
X» 25 cents per night : $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
I acific house, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\\ ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
"St.: 200 rooms: best in the city- sing;e rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a w^ek: meals 10c.
VI EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 26c: DONE 15
111 minute;, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
W ANTED— BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1516 Howard st.
.A LASKA' GOLD FIELDS. ' ~~
XX The fan sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889. will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15. weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
1 1 \() MEJN TO TAKE -LODGING AT lOC, 15c
XV \J and 20c a night. including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
I JABBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
}> tnent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BA RBERS-FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye, a FUCH3.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
-!-> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 288y a O'Farretl.
nEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
It shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st.
\V X ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" " your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.: ROOMS
Xt 20c to 60c night; Jl 10 $4 week: open all night.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■I'l all grocers keep it.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
lX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 V 2 MARKET StT^
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $?. week.
VI EN'S y -SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; DOXE
-LX while you watt. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T> ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
±\> Prompt collections; references. 612 Montg'y.
\l INCHEST HOUSE, 44 TH IRD ST.. NEAR
*» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: tree bus to and from the ferry.
(JJITO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<{pX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
WANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
" laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Suiter st.
I^REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS foi;- 6c;
r also a bout tof lager, sc. at '337 Clay su
aiKY acme house. ni>7 jiakket &t., BE-
-1 low Sixth, fora room: 25c a niifht: $1 a week.
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' » week: rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st-
AGENTS WANTED.' .
T^TNTA^SiTRi^&TTni^DA^
\J Room 41, 14 McAllister st. ■
AGENTS WANTED I.V E VERY CITY AND
-TV town of the Pacific coast to handle the best,
quick-selling novelty out; no humoug; write to-;
day; full ".particulars with samples 10c. Address
MANUFAC; THEHS 1 AGENT, P. O. box 2068,
san Francisco. Cul.
JKURNITURE WANTED.
TyrXSTrED "— "secoxdHiand fukniture
»' for country: will pay good price. 7 City Hall
avenue.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
pALL ON .1. C MUTHER, 621 KEARNY', IF
V.' you want hig)iest oash price for your furniture,
carpels, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.'. ' .V-.
* MALON E PAY'S 20 PER -CENT MOBS
XV than "elsewhere for furniture to fill country i
orders. Leave onlurs at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
HOUSES WANTED. ~^
ANT D— FV RN tSHED OOTTAOE OF SOB
*» 4 rooms for 3 months; one hour's ride from
San Francisco: state rent. Add.6lHVa Lombard.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY sTc^E ACHE IB T^DESIRES^SUPe"-
rior board and residence with private family
in vicinity of Van Ness aye.; state terms; refer-
ences exchanged. A. 8., 229 Ninth aye., Rich-
uioncl district.
WANTED-MISCELLANKOUS.
i> AI NTEIi 8" SCAFFOLD A HOOKS,
X cheap. Painter, 13 Lewis St.. near Post. .
1 1 ' AN I ■ D— l; ( i Y-HORSE FOR 1 OR 2
«' months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 612 Montgomery st.
ELL YOUR~BOOKSrCLOTH ING AND jew
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
LOST.
LOST— PA SSBOOITwiTH TH B HIBERNIA
-i Sa.-in^s tina Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MARY MCALLISTER, No. 72,290.
The finder will please return to bank. '.
1 OST— FEMALE IRISH SETTER. 8 MONTHS
J-J old. white on paws, nickel-plated collar on
when lost. Return to 1169 or 1532% Howard St.,
receive reward. .. .
EaT k : a d-ta n~p~up7~6 MONTHS; re-
XJ ward. 2534FolMomst. ' -
OST— MARCH 24, PARCEL OF LADIES'
J clothes. Return 717 O'Farrell, rear; reward. ■
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of NEHEMIAIi D. THAVER; No.
202,571. The finder will please return to the
bank.
-I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ARPOLINO BENIAMINO No. 2,061-
-410). 1 lie finder will please return to hank.
FOUND.
rOUX))-A B?G^G7vF/YTToT?rD^snrTvEEics
X ago. Owner can have him by paying reward.
11 2 Mission St. . .
"L" 1 0 U N D— ON^s:3o O'CLOCK OAKLAND TRAIN,
X g ntleman's overcoat. Owner have same at
635 Twenty-fourth st-
V'OUN'D-PUG D.>G. OWNER CAN HAVE
X' by calling at 15 Prospect aye. ■ -
DENTISTS.
DX. L. T. iRANZ— EXTRACtToTTpaKIES^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
trm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 6oc, with gas ,s].
ffl»7 A set for teeth: warranted as
<ip • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist,. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST-
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. ■
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
"L^ULL SET OF. TEETH,""" S7"; WARRANTED
X nve years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE." DR. H.
O(i. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
1 R. GEOKGE W. LEEK. THB GENUINE
■i-f Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction .
and patentee of improved: bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. •
PAIN EXTRACTION. ; 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vearj'
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D-D.S.. 815=»4 Gear}-.
I JR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIi>UE-
XJ work a specialty, open evenings 7:30 to 9. ;■■ , ■
/ OLTON DENTAL -ASSOCIATION. 80tS MAR-
*U ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET! COR. goldbn
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK , REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. .1 w. KEY, 1123 Market su
BUILDING an LOAN ASSOCIATION
(1 0 N T I N E NT AL' "bUILDI NG A
V sociatlon— Home office, 222 Sansome St., S. F.
General savings <t loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbin, Sec. & Gen.Man.
"■■■■■ ■
-"":: ./.', PERSONALS. . .
GENTLEMAN ,WISHeT~THE X ~ACQUAIN-
tance of a young lady: he has some means; ob-
ject, matrimony. Call 405 Kearny St., room 29,
second floor. • • •■■■•■■ . ■
r OUNG GERMAN, SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS
: X man would like to ; form " the acquaintance of
young lady to assist him in business; object matri-
mony. •-. Q., box 131. this office. -■. .:
ADVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE, attyat-law, 850 Market st
SPECIAL SALE, LATEST SI'YLK TRIMMED
hats at prices within reach of all. Bee Hive
Millinery, 39 Sixth st. : v ... -v ■:.■>. ;;.;./■,■
OASH CORDS, 25c EACH: CARPENTERING
0 at lowest rates. ALBERTSON. Eddy st.
THE LATE MADAM C. ANTIONIA FACE
X cream and dandruff eradicator. Sold only at
room 202, Spreckels building, 927 Market.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
"DAG CARPETS wove TO ORDER, for sale-
J V also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres ; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
ASBAGE GIVEN AT HOME BY PRACTI-
caI gentleman nurse; highest references. Ad-
dress Reasonable, room 56. Murphy building. . .
TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
X catarrh. (132 Sixth st., room 2.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
I DRESS THE HAIR FOR 25c, INCLUDING
X waving and enameling the face; I follow all the
latest Parisian fashions and fads, aud I guarantee
the most stylish coiffures that can be made. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. . • .••
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'a SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors. .1. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L. Parti ngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT,
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; bats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND dT
XV vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
EN A M LED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY'
at 210 Steiner St.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing company.
(Djl "ROOM:" CARPETS CLEANED ON THB
<IPX floor. 206 Leaven worth ft.
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
1 lififi CARDS, $1 50; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
IUUU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
I A DIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
-i superfluous hair removed: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
BOURQUIN'S CALA ASTHMATIC PAPER:
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterit.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third at., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 10 SO per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. ■
JIBEIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-I dry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AC
- mfrs' cost. Kactorg. 20 Sansom* m.. nrntMn
DRESSMAKERS.
BRADLEY', MODISTE, 410~TA YLOR^ELE-
gant stylish dress, $5 up; dresses made over. |
DRESSES, $2 UP; LAWNS, WRAP-
pers. 35c and up. 505% Natoma. h*»t.6t)i »fc 7th.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
9XC. ™—~~- jj5V. •_. . 26C\
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY,
EASTER WEEK ONLY.
That wonderfully gifted little marvel "Star
Light." who, unlike many pretenders, has been
among you for many years, and her past prophe-
cies have invariably come to pass. You can there-
fore allow her to unravel your future destiny with
explicit confidence and direct It into successful and
happy channels.
She advises the most substantial business and
professional men In their large money making In-
vestments. she tels the many who have found
marriage a failure how to become united and
happy. Have 3011 10-rt«trace of a friend or rela-
: tive? consult Star Light. Have you quarreled
with your lover or sweetheart? If so, secure a
magic Egyptian charm, it removes evil influences
and restores the possessor to lucky co ditions. Re-
member, one week only, 26 cents »nd up. . Room
6, 116 a Grant aye. . .
RARE OPPORTUNITY ,
. to consult the Brent clairvoyant,
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
Knowledge is Power.
Remain not in darkness and ignorance, but seek
the light of wisdom and learn what the future holds
for you. He is -ever ready to assist the troubled
and unfortunate, and always meets with success.
All are pleased with his readings. PROFESSOR
F. EUGENE, 1728 Market st-
T>ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE mahatma
X palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Ellis St.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 60c, gents $1.
CONSULT THE GREATEST SEERESS OF
the century for 25c. 116 a Grant aye., room 5.
AND $T7 •■ i ANDSI.
O\f PROFESSOR LEON, 533 POST ST.
Won,derful power: gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. :. letters
with stamps answered. Hours 9 to 8; also Sunday.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLKK I.V
the world: s«c «nd $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MM E. FORTE R^CARD- KEADKR; TKIXS
past, present, future: ladies 60c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk si.
REMEMBER TH GREATEST SEE It ESS OF
X\ the ege. Parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye.
ME. VENN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY",
tips on races, names given; 25c up. 5 4ili si.
Mil EXODIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, Rt>
moved to 1003 Mission, Or. Sixth; fee 50c.
-Mr,. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. MORE AU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;25c up. 784 Howard st.
VI ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
-IVL er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake !m-
-possible: fee 91: letter t'2. 9V!9 Post' St.. nr. l.arkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT," 10™}TmeTy7>UNG.
«06 McAllister st,; skeptics invited.
RS. FULTON: MATERIALIZING SEANCE
to-night; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included) : 26c up. 946 Mission : hrs 10 to 9.
RS. J. J. WHITNEV, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
GREAT DANE DOG (MALE), 1 YEAR OLD;
cheap. 908 Broadway, above .Mason st.
pHEAP-COCKER SPa"nTeL PUPS, AT 1405
V.' Church st.
ICTCLES— 1896 MODELS, 60 TOP-NOTCH
$75 wheels; ladles', gents' and juveniles' at
actual cost to general agent: lots of .6- or more to
the trade only for. spot cash: do you- want a good
thing. F.R. GRANNIS & CO., 609 Market st.
Ip OR $25 WILL SELL HOMESTEAD ABAN-
donment to 165 acres of good land, good cli-
mate, or will take good cow and young calf. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 94, this office.
"95 CLIPPER, ALMOST NEW; BIG BAR-
gain. 1738 Market st., tailor-shop.
IpOR SALE— SERIKS-WOUND MOTOR: Vi
H. P.; will run an 110-volt circuit : suitable for
dentist's lattie; nearly new; price $20. Address
S. P., box 48, this office.
IMPROVED SMITH PREMIER TYPE-
writer for sale: good order. 1827 Stockton st.
T AYING HENS, HEALTHY. ITO 2 YEARS
XJ old, one dozen, for sale cheap. For particulars
address V. C. aMITH, 209 Sacramento st. . .'■:'.
AAQ. JESSIE— A PHOTOGU APH APPARATUS
tt^rO in perfect condition; cheap. ?-; ■ .
m»9' BARROOM COUNTER-BACK. SHELF
<jr^«-». aud large mirror. 254 Bran nan st. ° |
TJutcTjers RE*FRI!TERA'i'oRi Bxlo, AT
I* Metropolitan Dairy Company's; very cheap.
319 Sixth st.
pREATUANE BITCH, 1 YEAR OLD. 1609
vJT Twenty-fourth st. - .
p OOD FRESH COW. 1130 T WEN TY'-FOURTH
VJ st., near Noe. .
OR SALE— I 18 H. P. PORTABLE ENGINE;
1 10 H. P. economizing boiler. Inquire 1916
Union st. ■ : ' i-i
ADY'S NEW SEALSKIN FOR HALFORIGI-
J nal cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
EVE L SECOND-HAND TANDEMS A D
safeties at extremely low prices. 328 McAllis-
ter st. . .-■",■■'.' ..«• : ■■ •. - : . ,-■: .
VTE W. '95 BICYCLES, $60: GOOD SECOND^
li hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
St.. cor. Hayes. ■ . • /^ '".
Y'NAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND a lot of
tools, cheap. 516 Mission.
ABY' CARRIAGES AND KA'ITA.v r 1 rt.s 
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
, fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
TERMING ;■ BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE a
watch: terms easy. D. N. HAW LEY. 318 Mkt.
BAR OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales, etc. : cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
SE PRUSSIAN. BITTJiRS, BEST STOMACH
•bitters In market : buy your wines, liquors, etc,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city. Oak-
land.: Alameda. PUTZM AN & SCHURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; j phone red 391.
UILD I N G S BOUGHT; LUAIBER,v SASHES
XJ doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale..; 1166 Mission.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burg'.sr proof safe.' 109. 11l Market *:.
IRE AND -BURGLAR SAFr., LETTEH-
X press, platform scales and deskicheßp. 102 Clay.
XT W RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-"
£\ hand. \V. & RAY Mfs Co.'. la California s»
CO UN T iTs; SHELVING. HHOWCASK*
V koniht »nd »oWl 1131% Market b«i. Tibaudtfia
BUSINESS : CHANCES.
aj» 1 xrk *butcher-sh^p7fihstm;la?sTl>
W^tjyj. cation; splendidly fitted up; Al horse
and cart; most desirable class of custom: monthly
receipts from $650 to $700; proposition easily
worth double; circumstances compelling this sac-
rifice will be explained; rare opening for any one.
M. LESS <fc CO, 7831/2 Market st.
"ft! Afifi WOOD, COAL. HAY AND GRAIN
♦U?X"±V/v/. business across the bay; rent free;
horses, wagons, scales, etc.: building included:
agency for Ice Co. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market.
'<&>! (\ftf\ CORNER SALOON AT TERMINI'S
<lpXv/V»V/. of two cable lines: old established:
well worth $2000 to any one; trial given: cheap
rent, long lease. M. LESS A CO., 783V 2 Market st.
ffiJPLKA PLUMBING AND GASFITTING
isOtJ\J. business: tood store trade: 3 living-
rooms. M. LE»S A CO., 7831,2 Market st,
<&1 lU\(\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
tip J-UV/tf. best location north of Market St.: has
finest class of trade; more than value in sight;
genuine bargain. M. LESS & CO., 783y t Market.
r 7(\f\ SALOON ON MARKET ST.; N'ICKLY
<Ip I "U. fitted up; paving business: bargain for
any one. M. LESS A CO.. 783 2 Market st.
Cj'CA FINE RESTAURANT, CENTRAL,
t®Ou\J. north of Market, near Kearny; best
class' custom; splendid' trade. M. LESS <fc CO.,
783V 2 Market St., near Fourth.
B~ ARBER-SHOP FOR* SALE; ELEGANTLY
fitted ap; within few doors of Baldwin; cheap
rent: long lease. M. LESS A CO.. 783i 2 Market.
mo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
,i- of any kind see STRAND & CO.. 46 Third st.
ffiJO||A WANTED — STEADY MAN AS
*IPOI/1./. partner In cash commission ousiness;
will clear at least $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years: experience not necessary;
thorough investigation allowed; no night or Sun-
day work. STRAND A CO., 45 Third su
PORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J if sold this week. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third.
<_7^fl CORNER BAKERY; GOOD HORSE
t£) »OU. and wagon. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
C»Q7f^ BRANCH BAKERY, N R. 2 SCHOOLS;
<$>*-> I»J bargain. STKAND A CO.. 45 Thiid St.
SALOON — BEST PART OF . MARKET ST. ;
offer wanted. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
©97?; CIGAR-STOKE AND LAUNDRY
tjp^i iO. office. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
<81l 9^A SALOON AND RESTAURANT:
i&i.Z.O\K clears $150 per month. STRAND &
CO., 45 Third st.
TEAMSTERS, ATTENTION — EXPRESS
J- transfer company : 'As the cream of trade be-
tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
1 month over; proprietor owns his own property,
: barns, offices, storages, etc.; one of the nicest,
cleanest and steadiest businesses in this State;
; making sure income; grand opportunity for some
active man. STENBEKG, 632 Market st.
fill"] '7 W I PARTNER WANTED; LIVERY
«IPX«JvM/. and boarding stable; It will prove
most popular; best paying stable in city; on** of
the handsomest, best appointed, and conducted in
; most thorough businesslike manner; making more
money than any other stable In the city; 27
; boarders: 20 livery horses; full equipments; bug-
; gif s, carriages, hacks oest in market: clears $300
a month: needs help. STENBERG <fe CO., 632
Market st.
<Bi QAA LIQUOR - STOKE: THIRD ST.:
I fJDO\J\J. transfer point. STKNBEKG, 632 Mkt.
I MAim CORNER SALOON ON LAKGE.
<ID— ■ .v"'V/. most frequented thoroughfare in the
city: first-class trade: will prove .well paying:
value in sight: elegant fixtures and living-rooms
furnished: is an old-established place and will bear
full Investigation. STEKNBERG CO., 632 Market.
\ V A NTED — STEADY, ACTIVE MAN FOR
" laundry route; established 8 year?: first-class
horse and wagon; guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
a month: $350 required. STENBERG <fc CO., 632
Market st.
<{!• "!»>;; B. BAKERY: 4 KURVISHED ROOMS.
tgl-vi). BARKEIT-SKIFF, 921 MarKet st
ATTENTION I PAYING AND FINELY
—*. fitted Market-st. saloon; will De sacrificed on
account of sicKness: . positive proof: must sell;
I make offer. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
1 v r roncTman in THE PLACE— AT
I '» a sacrifice: restaurant at junction an.l transfer
point. BARRETT it SKIFF, 921 Market st.
, Cjl HO BOOK, STATIONERY AND CIGAR
♦•IT-IV/V/. store; sacrifice. HEGARTY, 1004
, Market st. • ■;; .
PINE FRUITSTORE: ROOMS; FURNITURE-
j X 1 wagon; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
C«P./]irr FINK BAKERY," OVKN, ETC.;" $18
tip <J\J\J. daily ; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket St. ",r-::,:
OH PER CENT PKR ANNUM GUARANTEED
4.\J for investment in well-establlshe 1 business.
Particulars apply to J. H. COULTER, 855 Broad-
way, Oakland.
PARTNER -WITH $1500 TO TAKE INTER-
X est and manufacture three patents; by this in-
crease of capital a man can step into a nice, clean,
independent business that will give good returns-
patents worth easy $5000 each. Address Partner.
box 164, Call Oflice.
<a?U/m CORNE R GROCERY AND BAR;
O\J\J . large store; stock and fixtures worth
more than price asked: $700 cash, balance on
time; owner has two stores sec owner from 1 to 4
p. m.. s\v. corner Folsom and Langton, between
Seventh and Eighth sts.
OOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
man. KBANK C. .M<( ANN, 122 Market st.
1 ' REAT CHANCE TO MA KJS GOOD WAGES
VT with from $300 to $500. Address E., box 62,
Cull Office. '
0 A LOON FOR SALE: ELEGANTLY FITTEi)
KJ up; no better location in the city. Inquire of
JMCLEOD A HATJE, 515 Market St.
ii A RARE CHANCE"— FINS grocery and
-A. bar. Folsom and Twelfth sts.
(£• UU\ A NEAT SALOON ON MARKET ST.:
tJF."iUv/. lease; rent cheap. Apply bet. 11 a. m.
and 2 p. m., 6 and 8 P. M. to L. SCHEIB, 200 Hyde
st. No u^ents.
A LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS, TO
J\- rent, 109 acres of land : 17 rooms, uiiturnisbed.
baths. beautiful location, 5 miles from Martinez,
rent $25 per month. .D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
IF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
i- ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(i^vXA BL-TTi-.R," EGG. CHEK9E AND
<F*JO\J. fancy grocery business: on busy part of
Market st. ; bi« profits: great sacrifice. EVEXsON
A ARTHUR, 917 Market St., room 2
Olj >•) ~{\ CIGAR- STAND IN BUSY LOCA-
<in — ♦'". tion; clears $65 per month. EVER-
SON A ARTHUR, 917 Market st., lyom 2.
p KRMAN GIRL WANTS HONEST PARTNER
VI with 100 capital In delicacies store: good loca-
tion; cheap rent: must be handy and make himself
useful. 619 Geary st.
T/'OR SALE — A G jOD-PAYING CANDY-
X I store; established 12 years; best locality : long
lease; clearing over»$lO0 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full investigation allowed, i
See owner at 22 Sixth st. •
Qjll^n GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; A
<IP-UU. bargain. E.J.HEGARTY,IOO4 Market.
< 97 FINE OLD ESTA BLISHED CORNE R
«35 -I O. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
ffI»JXA SALOON. WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
<i)P^i*J\J. rent only $25; opp. Builders' Exchange;
rarest chance; must be sold to-day. Inquire
WILKE, 633 California st., Phcenix Bar.
1 IRST-CLASS CHANCE FOR PARTNER—
1 Restaurant: small capital. F. C, bo* 4, Call.
LOR SALE— BAR AND BACK BAR AND ALL
J fixtures, etc. 346 Third st. -
"UT UPHOLSTERY AND CARPET-CLEAN-
ifpO\J. ing establishment. 339 Twenty-fourth st.
£• SAO PARTNER IN EASY BUSINESS;
<JP»JV/V/. $100 guaranteed per month. C. C
HICKOK & CO., 873V 2 Market st. !
IS O R SALE — CHEAP; GOOD-PAYING SA-
X^ loon; owner going East. Apply 624 Sacramento.
T^OR ALE— CIGAR-STAND-AND BARBEK-
X 1 shop. 1125 Market st. ; R2OO.
J^OXJfWi R JUTE BUSINESS WITH GRO-
tO)OO\J\/. eery-stores; clearing $200 month;
trial given. Address E. P., box 54. this office.
7TrT)T e rv AND BAlt FOR SALE; 3 LIVIiSG-
VJ rooms; rent $20. Apply this office.
7 / \(\ SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE: JKS-
«]P I \J\J. tablished :'.O years: rent $30; on Califor-
nia and Montgomery. Inquire 633 California St.,
Phoenix Bar.
r ANT ED-MAN TO TAKE HALF-INTER-
»» est in a medicine show; small capital required:
full value in stock. Address P. D., box 61, this
office. . ■ . ■ ' . •
ARTNER— FURNITURE AND STORAGE-
X good t3iisiness^:j;reat. bargain. 414 McAllister.
OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
Offer to owner. 26 V 3 Kearny st., room 4.
C«9{rrk RESTAURANT AND BAKERY:
«£)_.UU. bargain: good reason for selling. 917
Mission. • ■
GROCERY AND SALOON: MUST BE SOLD-
VI a bargain. Call at 332 Main st.
"VTOTICE-TO LET IN EL caHpo, the HOB-
XI by horses for the season: send bid statins the
amount you will give. Address J. HAYDtN 650
Market St., Chronicle building. - '
QTOCK OF 5-ACRE POULTRY RANCH
O East Oakland, cheap. 34 Donohne building. '
T HAVE THE . BEST PAYING GENERAL
X men handise business in California: on account
of mcre»sin business I desire 10 secure a live
energetic man to purchase half interest- exneri
erica not necessary ; must have $1000- stock
worth $3000; all cash traae;. receipts over $2000 a
month. Address box 255, Lodi. Cal. ' a
I **} HAVING HOMpJ WISHES TO EX-
IJ change for paying business; assume mortKn"e-
Polk street ng **"*'' lnvestl Bate.8 ate. Address 1502
PAYING SALOON WITH RESTAU-
Vx rant and JodKlng-house connected; in middle
of city; .ra.isfer COrner: fine location and fixtures
andTweUth'*'^ 6116 8U ' ° ff Mission ' *»«*• Eleventh
iSeSTAURANT AND SALOON; GOOD I.OCA-
slon su * barg * - Call •' Premises, 3131 Mis-
L r sale OR LEASK; 4 SUITABLE RANCH-
-1 en. for poultry. pigs or dairy. CON KLIN. Bruno
road, near Six-mile House, oflice red flag. .
yyK RENT -SAN MA»_o ttOVMb -V .M>
J. bakery: 16 rooms, bakery, stable and yard;
rent in the tow n of sau Mateo. Inquire T. HIP-
Pfc-N, ban Mateo.
V 1 NX CORNEK GROCERY AND BAR. AP-
J, ply 39^ Turk st.
I OCKSMITH AND JOBBING BUSINESS FOR
J^sale. Apply 1740 ittaiket st. -. .. ■ : ,
GIVEN AWAY; FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
VJ business; account departure, t'46 Howard st.
v BUSINESS CHANC^S-Contlnoe^^
flf.l iNDUST^ioIjirMTN^iN . ' , a II:
LOOO. lished cash business: paying % 15
monthly; splendid investment. JOHNSTON *
CO.. 2«i/ 2 Keamy st. ' :
PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
$20(). established over 10 rears; *narante*l
to clear 820 weekly to each. 26V 3 Kearny st.
BUTCHER-SHOP: OLD ESTA B-
lihOOU. lisbed: 2 horses; wagons: receipts $20
to $26 daily: cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 26 a Kearny st.
AKTINKZ HOTEL TO. KENT: TERMS
reasonable; 5b rooms; in Rood order, D. J.
WEST, Martinez, Cal. - ,
"O ALOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP- i
Q ply Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
RANCH BAKERY; FINE TRADE AND Lo-
cation. Apply Call Office.
/CHICKEN RANCH FOR RENT: 80 ACRES IN
\J grain : $260 yearly: stock and utensils for sale
at a bargain. P. K. RYAN, 2935 Washington st.
ANDY-STORE FOR SALE CHEAP.- 261
Third St.
PIGAR-STORE. LAUNDRY OFFICE AND 3
\J furnished rooms. 417 Hayes st.
ADY WANTS PARTNER WITH $50 CA PI-
J tal; country business. 12 Mason BU, room 2.
OK SALE— HAIR BUSINESS: NEAR BALD-
r win. Address H.. box 105, Call Office. •
nOALYARD.HAY AND OKAIN. FOR SALE;
\J horse*, waeons. everything in the best working
order; -20 stalls; sickness cause or selling; would
take partner. 1623 Market st.
TNTERIOR AGENCY of THIS PAPER for
X sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office^ :
BUSINESS" MAN WOULD TAKE
VI charge of business or interest of partner wish- .
ing to retire, on salary or commission, or would
buy same and pay from proceeds; good references.
X, 605 Diamond st. _• ______
BARGAIN— AN OLII- ESTABLISHED Pic-
ture frame business Is offered at a sacraflce, on
account of death of the proprietor. MRS. M. A.
BERG, 608 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
\\[ ELL ESTABLISHED WOOD. COAL, FEED
»» and livery stable; sickness. F., box ie Cal.
OOD BOARDING-HOUSE AND HOTEL;
VT must be sold immediately: $500 cash neces-
sary, or will exchange for other property. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 6. ■
U RANCH BAKEP.Y: GOOD LOCATION;
D leaving city. Address N. O. P., box 62. Call.
APER ROUTE for sale, TELEGRAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bough-
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good. 1
Apply this office, principals only.
ffl. O^Tf\ A BARGAIN-OYSTER AND CHOP
ijp^OxJ. house: worth $500: owner going to
Alaska next month. Apply this office.
"I/iOR RENT OR SALE— A BLACKSMITH AND
T general' jobbing shop, with tool* and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees: the shop has been
lun for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easy. For
further particulars inquire of ALEXANDER
WATSON .Gilroy, Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QinnnA HOUSK~OF~6S ROOMS, 1 BLOCK
<lp_,vUU. lrom Market st.; very low rent; all ■
black walnut furniture; rooms always full of good,
steady roomers; clears easily $150 per month. M.
LESS A CO., 7831 2 Market st. '
TVJOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE
1> from $150 to $6000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
A 1-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. —
ti PRICE $700— WORTH $2000.
19-room house on Sinter St.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st : 275
65 rooms, clearing $200. only 2000
60 rooms on Market st-, new 4200
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 760
46 rooms Oi'i Market st , 2600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
QCQ MISSION— IS WELL FURNISHED, oc-
VOO cupied rooms: number boarders; reason-
able. ■
PRIVATE HOUSE, CLEARING $30 MONTH,
X for gale on account of leaving city; price $250.
Address D., box 81, Call Office. .- : ~
WELL-PAYING HOUSE; 12 ROOMS: ALt
'» full; cheap rent; must hestld to-day; make of-
fer. 8 Central place, off Pine, above Kearny.|
OAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HOUSE; ItT
Ov/O rooms; all occupied: for sale cheap; 3 rooms
pay rent.
BARGAIN— LODGING-HOUSE OF 17 ROOMS;
-L> cheap rent; new furniture. . Apply to L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
ffI»7P:A MILK ROUTE AND DAIRY PRO-
«IP I O\J. duce store: using over 100 gallons of
milk dally. Apply at this office.
99 ROOM HOUSE: BEST SIDE STREET
s-i£ south of Market: full steady roomers: same
people in the house for year«: clears about $75
overrent; water free.' Address C. J. N., box 140,
C.-ill Office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ATlß^rTuTrNrTT?tE7^clfiXfß^T)U^rF^
nearly new. for sale cheap. A. L., box 63, Call.
PURSITUREOF3KOOJIS AND KITCHEN:
X cheap. ; 471% Tehama st. . ..' "
T7URNITURE OF FOUR ROOMS FOR SALE
H cheap. 27171/2 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— COMPLETE FURNISHINGS OF
a 7-room flat: comparatively new; in good
condition. Call and examine, 1360 Grove St., Oak-
land. .- ;-. V
"L^URNITURE OF TWO HOUSEKEEPING
-T rooms, cheap. 17 Laskin st. bet. Eighth and
Ninth, off Mission: please call and examine.
•f^UKNTTURE OF 2 ROOMS FOR SALE AT A
I 1 bargain. 1205V 2 Bush st. _v -
H" G. KRASKY.. FURNITURE AND BfcD-
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
IRE SALE ! ■ -.•■• "
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. .
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard ;.. 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard " 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. .
A(\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $147
TTV/vJ stoves, $6: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 113 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW $75
*: uedlounges trimmed with plash $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid ..45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40oup
Window shades in 6 colors 250 up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market ' stl," opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CARPET CLEANING.
mCN^Y^U^Bi^bjrJK^DTsG^IS^EIPwTrH
»" poor worK send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama au ; tel. So. 40.
CIONKLIN'SCARPKT BEATING WORKS. 333
> Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. '
pi REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VJ~ ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
/ ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
JONES CO. CARPET- CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. OEORGE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED. 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid. 5c per yard, a STRATTON, 1» Eighth.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fe CO. 23 Tenth- tsL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RENT
0 . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: lai, south 228.
—_-____
il<HM>.
IPOR SALE CHEAP-FINE HORSE AND
business wagon suitable for light delivery. In-
quire 626 Kearuy st. . 
1 irst"- CLASS saddle AND HARNESS
horse for sale; sound; gentle; 7yearsold. Ap
ply stable, 2412 Gough st.
MILK-WAGON. HORSE AND HARNESS FOR
sale: $70. 1418 Alabama St., near Army.
4 A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
TV/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
]A|| SKTS SECOND^Ha"nD HARNESS;" ALL
X v"" ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SKND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1/OR SALE — 16 HEAD YOUNG. . SOUND
-T work horses: weight 1000 to 1600 pounds. Hack
and Sale Stables. 1012 Howard St., near Sixth,
BART SULLIVAN, Proprietor. ■ :
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR EX-
change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find ft to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth«sts-: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN
proprietor. S. ATKINS, auctioneer. *
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
_ Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
•1 =fj aKTS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HART
Xkjxj ness: all kinds: wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. ■ 1128 Mission st. ,<
R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
k;eon for S. F. Police Department, Office and
hospital. 121 City Hal; aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE — A FIKST-CLASS SADDLE^
horse: sound and gentle; will »iso work in har-
ness. Apply Foreman at 2412 Gough st.
]e_\V LIGHT EXPRESS WAGON, TOP. POLE :
xi made to order. 107 New Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DB. SObSaSTaT
' his museum.. 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee ol fair treatment-
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
REMOVED-DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 120*
; Market su ; diseases of woman a specialty._'__'_■':']' HOUSES TO LKT.
QHf| U*.:-' <.o;.dkx r, \tv wi . oimv .ivk-
'» ""• ferson Square, 17 rooms and bath: large
yard:, newly papered and painted. ASHTON it
OARnrN'hH. 411 Montgomery st:
1 UOUR ROOMS; PLEASANT LOCATION. 1707
■1 Jon. «t.. near BraMwav: *15.
H>. •6 Hi »>..1-< .a .n D HATH: SUNNY SIDE
Bush st . bet. Broderiek ar.d Baker; rent
cheap. Apply 2712 Bush st.
"Cj*- AND (6 EACH— YARD, WATER, <EPA-
C* I • rate: Klmave. Apply at 1612 G. G. aye.
4t\A HOUSE 6 ROOM S~ CLARA NEAR
QXtt. Fifth and Celler. B'Jg Fifth. _■
Q9Q 8 ROOKS: LARGE SUNNY V aKD.
—O. 2527 Pine St.. near Scott: see it. •
HOUSE 6 ROOMS, 242 HARRIET ST., BELOW
Harrison, nr. Sixth.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS, WITH ALL MODERN.
Improvements. 733 T«rk street. ■
VI" RENT MANY' HOUSES BECAUSE WE
II treat people right. BALD v\ IN & HAM-
■">> ' D. 10 Montgomery st. _j •
HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND#BARN: VERY
-:.e*p. Applr NICf)I» SX4Mi California t.
FL"RM«IIi:H HOUSES. :
THE WELL-KNOWN I.IX MANBION, AT
X Baden, completely famiahed. will be rented
cheap to respons'bJ" party. Apply to W. J. MAR-
TIN. riadpn. or 203 Sa::^om^ M..^.in Vrr.v ■:<(•■%
cottages to LET.
i nvv COTTAGRS OF "^aTcd^o^iToomsT-
hath: basement and yard. Corner Dolores and
Fifteenth sts.
OTTAGi,OF ft ROOMS: FLOWER-GARDEN;
large yard; rent $12. 1033 Twenty-first st. ■
/"".OTTACK. 4 KOOMS, BATH. 23 BYINGTON
V St., off Webster, ir. Ellis.
CO! ELLIS : ST.— TWO ROOMS IN REAR
wOl house: rtnt $5.
li)|H :'. i CA, BE 1 . 18th AND 19th— 4 SUN-
-L*_ 1 ny rooms: hall; b.\seme:it: nlreyard: rent
911: Castro cable or Eightventh-st. electric-car.
B?cr;n COTTAGE, ~3 P.OOMS: prospect
OCN-m/. in., he.:. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
eigh:h s:«.. near Mission. '
• FUKXISHED FLATS.
X-ROOM i M' 1 V\ RN [SHED: MOD-
«J pr;i Improvements; rent ?50. 515 Taylor '
OVNNY HANDSOMELY !Tt;.\isnKii Fl/OOR
-.O of 4 rooms, bath. etc.; suitable for family or
physician; reasonable. 913 Polk, st., near Goaty
"1 \')'j GfcARY — SMALL UTJNNV FLAT,
' O~ — nlcr»!y furn«<lifd: ?2r>.
FLATS to i.kt.
V"I. \l. 4 sf.VNY ROOMS, $Tol FUtINiTfRK
I for sale. ?:o. c!;"i!p :-'..0. 947 Masonicave.,
or MADISON _ Ul'l'.KE.
■A AND 5 ROOMS. BATH: #11. $12. $13: ELEC-
— tricliae. I*Bs 1587 i'" > Eighteenth II
rpHE FCRNITURK"c»F~SUNNY FLAT, CON-
* sistinc of 5 room?, bath, complete: nearly new;
In first-class ortpr: no dealers. Apply 628 Kearny.
C r NXY FLAT>: 3 AND 4 BOOMS; BATH;
0 garden: Sl3 and ?16. 17Ui5 Post.
"1 £»OK TFHK — 'UPPER 6 ROOMS BATH,
-I — O $19; lower 5 rooms, bath, $17: modern.
Q ] '_) FLAT 4 ROOMS. .125 PAGE ST., BET.
<4..X0. Gont:h and Octavia.
"1 9' PAGE ST., BET. GOUHH AND OCTA-
-1 —») via— Flat of 4 room«; 913 50
901 SIXTH— *UNNY FLAT; 8 ROOMS AND
— <>1 bath: water free.
'-] A BOOMS, NR. SIXTH AND HOWARD STST;
-1" r -.- .SPF.CK _ CO., 603 Market st. '
"I Qf\7 WEIKKB. NEAR BUTTER— LOWER
Xdv/ I flat, 5 modern la :•.=;(• sunny rooms: bath.
VEAm CITY HALL — 2 FLATS, 5 ROOMS
tmeb, 141 Grove st.. $20: 10 Grove St., $24.
] Q 9KV BAY-WINDOW FI. AT: 5 LIGHT
OXo. nns.. bath, cas. tuts. 909 Folsom, nr. sth.
,•11.) OAK— MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND
vJv'.- ta h: sunny Fide; rent reasonable.
1 9 • I TWENTY-THIRD ST.. NEAR cas-
-1 -tl tro— Lovely sunny 5-room fiat; every
convenience; rent 817; water free.
90 Pl'.' >PER ST.. OFF SIXTEENTH. BET.
*-O NO9 and Sanchez— Lovely sunny 5-room
fiat: rent ?17: water free.
■V>W, ELEGANT, UPPER SUNNY MODERN
--' Cat; 6 rooms and batb. 933 GotiPn Pure av<».
&1 7 7 KOOMS AND BATii; >v\. LOn.stK
Qll ■ Scott and Ellis sts.: upper flat.
TAPPER FLAT: 6 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS.
yJ 133 Lily aye.; key 130 Page st.
SUNNY FLATS: 812 ELLIS ST., NR. POLK;
0 3 rooms: yard; basement; f2O.
ODERN SUNNY' LOWER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page st.,cor. Clayton, Go. den Gate Park.
ODERN FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
reasonable. 1719 Haight st.
LAT OF 3 ROOMS. 256 HARRIET ST., BE-
low Harrison, near Sixth.
UN NY' CORNER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
■■O basement; latest improvement.^. 1541 Eddy.
TV" i . RENT MANY" FLATS BECAUSE WE
•11 treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
V -W FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 554 CHURCH
■"_ 1 't., cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth.
Q] X LOVELY' FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS
•.. I •/. and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth st., bet. Nee and Sanchez.
\\T EB>iKR '.'O7--O9— >L'.v.\Y FLATS, 6 AND
" 7 rooms; rent f25. ?27 50.
') FOR THE BEST 5-ROOM new flat
01*- with bath in this city; water free: investi-
gate tbe pine? and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
YEW SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
— > was f2O, now 13 50: Castro cable; see photo-
pruph. HOVEY, 508 California st.
,'l.> HAVES. COR. BUCHANAN— 3 FLATS
W"l _ of 3 and 6 sonny rooms, bath, etc
T7LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.: BE-
J-j low Uryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-t\. WEEKLY* CALL. In wrapper, for resiling.
HOUSEKK_PINti EOOM<
Broderick Street.
"I O I I BRODERICK— 3 ROOMS AND BaTH;
X •-) J X aiitabiefor light housework; no childien.
Bryaut Street.
" "I lfj] BRYANT— SIX CORNER-ROOMS COM-
X l"l pietely furnished for housek|.>ing;retit low
{Kddy Street.
1 9AA EDDY— NICELY' FURNISHED HOUSE-
X— \J keeping rooms: also sunny suite.
Fifth .Street.
99"! FIFTH— NICE FURNISHED HOUSE-
__ 1 Keeping and single rocms: cheap.' 1 • - "
OrjQ FIFTH — SUN BAY-WINDOW,-
:>y*O cheap housekeeping room: also other room's.
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM AND -KITCHEN;
•. O. running water; bath; private: no children.
314 Fifth st. .
1 9QI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KfTCH-
— O2 en, furnished complete for housekeeping.
> '9 FIFTH. NEAR HOWARD— SUITE OF
00-m rooms for housekeeping, also 2 single rooms.
1 <>;<<-. n Street.
''O FOLSOM— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping: range; hot, cold water.
QliO FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY" FURNISHED
OIW bedroom and kitchen; yard; complete
'housekeeping.
• ;". Howard street.
n^Q HOWARD — FURNISHED SUNNY
■ O^.*J housekeeping rooms, single or en suite.
1 109 HOWARD— I OB 3 HOUSEKEEPING
• -I I — rooms: pleasant place. -
1 iU\L{ HOWARD - 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
X \JVJ\J rooms, bar- window, complete for house-
: keeping; gas: private family: rent reasonable.
...-.'.-■ Jessie Street.
•;;noi JESSIE— TWO completely fur-
; OVjQa nished housekeeping rooms.
■ Lacuna Street.
Qll LARGE FRONT ROOM AND EITPJI-
O-*- X. en, furnished; sun all day. 808 Laguna
st, near. McAllister. - -•
.Minna Street.
?\d Ci MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J~l\J housekeeping; large yard.
F. - MINNA-SCNNY' FRONT ROOMS COM-
*>!»/ plete for housekeeping. ■ ■
31ikS(onMreet.
Q9] MISSION - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
vj— x rooms; single and suites: 85 up.
1 91 '4 M 1-sioN Si.-FURNISHED HOUSE-
_ — xty keeping roams complete: no children.:
"I 999 MISSION -1 OR 2 LARGE FUR-
j -^*"*" — nished rooms complete for housekeeping.
1417 •''^'OS-FROXT AND BACK PAR-
___ 1 ior; complete for housekeeping.
Morris Avenue; •-" ■ ■
196 ri : , EI , S A \^~ r * UNFURNISHED
Jppi" a% s« ; th «! r °° r; WU " ; wMet tfee: sn -
Moss Street. .
13 M^' iS PE? « ( JWARD, NEAR SEVENTH
XO — Two farnlghed rooms for housekeeping. ,
■ N atom» Street.
605 ATOM A - 2 LARGE FURNISHED
DUO trout rooms for honsekeepiog-, also s.B :e.
- • I'ont street. ' " : :
418 £?rn7.h^ VNFt;hNISHKD On PARTLY
rtXU furnished rooms for housekeeping.
seven Hi street. "
IST SEVFNTH-TWu >, ITfs FURNISHED
■L O housekeeping rooms: rent SU and 620. •
I^9 SEVENTH -srrri-.s -SINGLE - AMD
Xl_ houi>e keeping: suitable forcoctor or dentist.
"I - H SEVENTH - LAR(iE ' ROOMS, FOB
. J O I housekeeping; complete; reasonabie.
-90 SEVENTH, IN REak-3 FURNISHED
O_O housekeeping rooms; ?7. '■-??-,
HOUSEK-EPlXC^itooMs - Continued. |
' Sotttti ParK. '' " ■ ' '
09 SOUTH park-Tor a LARGE sunny
*J~ rooms fnrnlshed foPhouseKPep ng. '•-'■
Stevenson Street.
4f)Q *TEVKXsm\- ST CORNER FIFTH-2
J-\j»j rooms furnished complete for housekeeping. \
v Itliaina Street.
>T-J 7 TEHAMA.BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH
1 x■' —Room for light housekeeping.
. Twenty-third Street.
01 If TWENTY - THIRD - 2 FURNISHED
v J- Tr rooms for housekeeping.
Twenty-sixth Street.
]"I XI TWENTY' NEAR MISSION—
~ IU 2 Large sunn y housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished ;«a to $11. .. ?■ .TTr .-„ ;
Washington Street.
KA9. WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFU R- '
tJXJ — nished housekeeping rooms ; running water, j
Webster Street.
7]'] WEBSTER— 2 OK 3 LARGE HANDSOME^ '
* -LX rooms; furnished or unfurnished. j
3liscellaneous.
QW. COR. HAVES AND LACUNA— SUNNY'
i-j bay-window rooms, suitable for doctor. .
ROOMS TO LET.,
-■_ ishih Street.
OHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Bill* street.
THE RAMON A. 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN*.
Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just j
opened: a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet :
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, sineloor en suite: gas and electricity, j
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator ;
and fire escapes: situate convenient to the busi- j
cess center of the city, principal hotels ■ and thea-
u rs; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the I
door. I
1 ifth Street.
1 HO FIFTH— SUNN V SINGLE a A) DOUBLE
X V't/ rooms to let, from $1 60 to $3 a week.
lolsom Street.
I}QQI FOLSOM-2 FRONT F.OOMS; CHEAP, i
UOO-i 3 youns m. or man and wife. j
Geary Street.
791 GEARY— SMALL SUNNY AND LARGE
I —X- double rooms: references. . •
<»«»l«lt-n time Avenue.
00/1 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY" FUR- i
OJU nished rtns. : suitable for land 2 ; and $9. i
(■rant Avenue.
lie* GRANT AVK.-LARGE SUNNY
11 U front and bac!c rooms, single and en
suite; all . modern improvement*. stationary :
stands, grates, tilinc, e:c Prices, single rooms $i .
a week, double rooms ?1 50, front suites 82 a week. |
Harrison Street.
A] A HARRISON (RINCON HILL)-LARGE
lit/ sunny room: bath.
iioward Street.
71 9HOW A R D — SUNNY FURNISHED
I X_ rooms in private family: $1 a week up.
Jacksou Street.
■1 HI Q JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR- '
lv'l O n'shed sunny froct housekeeping, single:
$5 to $8. ■■_
t)one« Street.-
OAT JONEP — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_v» I management: elegant ennny suites and
Blngie; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to 830.
iiearhy street.
1 AJ KEARNY— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
l"i with use of piano $20; unfurnished $15.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
aut sunny rooms, en suite and single: first — _i
in *ver>- respect: terra* reasoaable.
Larkin Street.
mrr LA FLAT)— HALLROOM ;
1 I 1 i private family; $6: references exchanged.
3larJ^«•^ "-tree;.
VOSEMfTE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 35c tofl; week, ifl s>l toi?s: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY. NR. TAY.
lor— Sunny room, $8; private honse.
,'i^. : ;■.';' c Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
— 1 'i Neatly furnished suite of sunny front rooms, '
cheap. . . ' - - j
Mason Street.
1 f\p MASON- 2 SUNNY, ELEGANTLY FUR-
-IUU nished front rooms: also single.
■Minna street.
f*('-T MINNA. COR. STH— NEWLY FURNISH-
Uu I ed bay-window rooms: $1 week: transient.
3liß6ion__r reet.
T7UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY \
J2J lurtjisl.ed rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Moss Street.
r MOSS-4 ROOMS.
0 .
Ninth Street.
IQX NINTH — FURNISHED ROOM SUIT-
LOfJ able ior2 men.
9OQ M EATLV FURNISHED SUN-
—DO ny front rooms, single and en suite.
. o'l'arrell Street."
7901 O'FAR BELL— NICELY FURNISHED i
I ■—♦-)!* rooms in private family; gents preferred.
*I'ine Street. . !-»i.?f-
On-t PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; $6
U-.X np; sunny, quiet: gas: running water.
Polk Street.
Q1 Q POLK -ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
OLD cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable' for 2 young men or
couple; also handsomely furnished single rooms;
gas, bath: running water.
Post Street.
TOO POST-LARGE- SUNNY CORNER AL-
I \J\J cove room: hot and cold water; gas;
grate; bath: tor 1 or 2 gentlemen.
lovieil Street.
99' POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE FUR-
Zi_U niahed sonny corner room.
sixth Street.
m CHEAPEST IN CITY; FUR-
X— 1 Dished single rooms.
utter Street."
mHE . ALEXANDRIA, 781 SITTER— ELE- j
X gant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator.
Taylor Street.
?. 99 TAYLOR- NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
«->_._ ny rooms, for gentlemen.
Tenth Street.
09^1 TENTH— NEATLY FURNISHED
O— room.
lhird street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
II Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to »1 60 par night; »1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights iDeverv room: regime I'm: free bus.
~~ BOARDING and ROO3IS.
cjq^post7??r7 h ylde^ntFel y ish"d
OOP large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents, j
1 1 HQ BUSH— WELL-FCRNISHED ■ SUNNY.
j-J-\JO rooms, with or without board; references.
(*«n BUSH-SUNNY' FRONT SUITES WITH
VAX fine board, for two $30; single, «20. :
71 9 POST — BEST TABLE BOARD, *18 A
. • 1— month; sunny single room with board. *20;
all the comforts of home.
\TICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-»-' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
SI per day ; $2, $2 50, f 3 per week and up; 98 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; 84 50
week. SIS a 'month, at Hackmeler's Hotel.
TTACKMEIER'S HOTEL," 123-129 EDDY ST.;
XX new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 bI'SU-A FAMILY
hotel: references given aad required; all mod-
»m convenience*. - <■■ ■ > ■
■ CHILDREN BOARDED.
"tlvJ would like a child or infant to board.
CRSK WANTS INFANT OR OLDKK CHILD
AM ■to board; very reasonable. ' 2919 Sixteenth su
TIT ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD; NOT UNDER
I 1 5 years ; best of care. ; Apply this ot!ici-. s v -■ , y
TvTANf El>— 2 OR 3 CHILDREN To BOARD;
- IT good clean dome and good care: terms reason-
able: ■ all one family pretend. 1431 Sanchez St.,
1 near Twenty-ninth. Mlssion-st. car. :■ ■
OFFICES TO I, F. <
rpHBD«iilT AlToiTic^oiPDlt. JAMES El£
1 WARDS. 51,2 Kearny St., to let on May 1. - Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT. 425 Ellis st. f ?
/CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT' BUILDING—
\J Offices 810 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, beat, electric and pas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. - . -.. „ ' / ;
jj" -- ! KRBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND >24
J Geary st.: : very central; modern offices; ele-
vator: Piectric lights: cheap. Apply room 3a. > -
li!)li:i, TO LET. r
H" OTEL^ TO LEI— THB^WILHELM TELL
House, ' 317-319 Bush ,. St.: :: this well-known
hotel .is thoroughly . renovated and considerably
Improved and ay compare with the best second-
| class hotel in this town. MADISON <fc BURKE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
STORES TO LET.
TO LBT CH A P-^SM ALL BBASCR - BAS>
cry, with rooms. Twentieth, near Castro: $12.
pORN KR STORE, 421, THIRD ST.;.UKGE
\J cellar; well suited for saloon or grocery-store.
STORE-SUITABLE BUTCHER. Ok FB U iT;
lIS Flllmore st. ; cheap rent.- Inquire rear. -
j 41 ft FOURTH-SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM:
XJ.XJ in rear; rent low. Apply to a. -H. ■U_B-
>EN A CO., 14 Mcntgomery st. , "._'
STABLES : TO LEX. . ; y-
ST A BI^~FOR^"IiO^SEsI~CHEAP! 785
BrannansU , ;. - ;
TTeaUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; 2414CAL1-
-•« » £"?.'?, Bt ' : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
lcl" building. ■ •, --. ■ j ...
PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC.
<Jtl ',A Fl^"^ Xes>V~ ; "-bPKIGHT PIANb;
| <J)X<JU..thls i»a big bargain. 115 Seventh st. . .
Q]9?: UPKIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
• •fwi tion; cash 1 - or. installments. lOtt Me-,
• T ADY OBLIGED TO PART WITH HER
j J-i Hteinway piano offers it at a great sacrifice; im-
mediate sale necessary. Room 10, 809 Marltet st.
! Q-OX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHM IT Z.
I "J"" 1 18 McAllister st., next Hibemia Baufe.
■ K^ii ELE<;«NT PIANO: FIRST-CLASS
i fjyj * make. $6 installments. 221 LeavenwortU.
A LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
XV money ; investigate these prices ana be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $t>; the rive-
bar autoharp 84; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
r;bbe<i raaadolin $6 25: the Drize- winner guitar
■3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
mu, mahogany, oak. $187: one trial . will convince
you. j. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Bpreck-
els building.
piANOS— S9O. $100. $150: GREAT B Ail-
X gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st. '
\ SHAW, $425: •> 8 VEIN WAYS. ,«215, $195-
-i *>r\- t*ommer. «185; 'squares, *25, $55- rents $2
1 tip, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. v
pELEBRATED HA INKS ■ BROS., BUSH &
i VJ Oerts aid Kiiabe p anos: being overstocked
i wholesale prices wl.I rule during the n"xt 30 days.
jA. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., 8. F. ■ -
! a RRIVED-LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-1 -> »- mace T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
j moderate. H.LUEDERS. 82 Ninth St. " ■
RE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
-i»- good piano at a low price and upon very easy
1 "f 1 " ms ' C Ti'So ,r investigate our new rent-contract
j plan. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinwav repre-
| sentatives for the Pacific Coast, si W. cor. Kearny
j and Suttersts. . •
Air M. U. BADGER, 20 'JFARRELL. ROOM 1
1 » first floor; sole agents Hailet & Davis Dianoa-
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
STE I N WAY. $165:"WEl5EK. 8260; SMALL
I ° upright, ?B0; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
| pONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW-"
; \J Rreat sacrifice. Tho F. W. SPENCER COM*
1 ANY, H3B Post St. , j
pHICKERING. KNABE. PTECK.VOBE. STER-
V^ ling pianos: see our new piano .'or $187: pianos
i :or rent. BENJ. CURT £ SON. 16 O'Farrelt.
I Si 17 X CASH QR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
: V 1 __ upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
) >- 6 K I R 8R05,., STEINWAY.FISCHER ANO
-L' other tirst-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHi.hR _
CHASE. as and 30 'Farrell at. -
EABJf TERMS ;;LO\V PRICES. KOHL2R &
CHASE.
])YKO.\ MAU2Y, 308 POST . ST.-SOHMER,
■*-> Newbr & Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD A: NEW '
' O H. '■' ' 1.1. XX. rr:>'<>T. repairer. 2 I.r.M place.
EDUCATIONAL.
■J.-'REXCH, GERMAN, SPANISH: LEARN TO
X speak; special class «2. Flood building.
BOOKKPNG, WP.ITNO.ARITHMTC.GRAMR:
day &night ; no classes: ?5 month. 825 Mission.
A YRES, 325 MONTGOMERY' ST.: INDIVID 1
-^»- ual instruction in shorthand, typinc.
1 bookkeeping, etc.: life scholarship $50; low' rotes
i P££_^ veeJ£ and month. ;
; j i UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: mo. MARY' WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
I At RS. MKLVILLE SNYDER, ST.UDIO 514 SUT-
-^•X ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
| dramatic elocution a specialty! vocal Shakespear-
ean classes: stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w.: $3 m. Maze bid, r.87.
OOK KEE Pi TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
XJ better than in any college on earth; 6 wits; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR,6S9 Mkt.
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
■^\. private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
"L,"RENCn,SPANISH,ETC.: Prof.DE FILIPPE'S
-I- Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:eatab'd IS7I '
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. «2
- «J Ninth st. <:>-.'
' CPaNLSH. FRENCH, GERMAN. MODERATE.
j OJleigter»chaft Scfaool Languages, 122 O'Farreil a:
I TTOICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
! > Ing. LEO COOPER. 814 Geary St. • .
A YHES, LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
I -<-»- lege: individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
Cay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage.' R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. Tthand Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
I O chanical engineer! surveying, architecture,
—say; eatab. "64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 7^3 Mkt.
HE ALD~S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, ■ shorthand, '
typing, electrical engineer, ng, telegraphy, modern ;
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
\ K.HISCHouLiHtALC-bBl
■i-* Post : com mere 1 al. shorthand. English : low rye«
\riOLIN; MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
i > gonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045Vs Valencia.
\ HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING.'.- OUNNINU-
Vy barn's .School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
A WEEK'S : NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - THU
-tt- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
{»•, lrom irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never lalls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <X MRS.'
DAVIEH, 14 McAllister St., next Hibeniia Bank:
consult free, French regulating pink pills. $2.'
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
XV. ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all Jemale troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure call on DR. POPPER and MRS. int.
NAIL, both specialists, 318 Kearny st." . : <■-■:':
Ladies'— DaUDET'S FEMALE ~reg ula -
XJ ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never- foil-
fl per box. WIDBER'S^ drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
LA D I E C I C H ESTER'S -ENGLISH PKN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Braud). are the best;
safe, reliable ; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
I mail; nt druggists Chiches;er Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
C 7 from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MP.S. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk nt. • ■ - .' ..•■■■•
MRS. DR. WEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. - 419 Eddy st. -
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: ' French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYJ'H, 916 Post st.. near Larbln.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE Ml'.s. DR. scovr"
216 Powell st.: only qualified specialist; ?500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
d issues of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
| home for patients: best skill: medical attenj-
j nee: low ices; regulator $2. 1370 Market st.
V HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CAKE
A MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO*
xi. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure-; $2 50 express C. O. D.; Con't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal. - ■
R. HALL. 14 I LISTER STREET, NKAR
'Jongs. ■■ lime-Apis of women and children. -■•■.--
STORAGE.
hTroT)N EYTT2i^IDi^N^STOR'AGE^'vf
• reduced rates: basement storage.gl 50 per load
"T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
ii.. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plat;.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. O3BORN « CO.; 761 and 753 Market st. .
A PPLYFOR RATES fOR STORING FLit SI-
J\. tnre, etc. SHIP.EX £ SHIREK, 747 Market.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOD3E-
hold goods, etc.; J.M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET^
TT Storage: low rates: telephone South 732.
MONEY WANTED^
irriA ON NEW 5-ROOM- HOUSE ;■ LOT
*J> I UU. 100x155; 225 feet from San Pablo nve.:
Interest 8 per cent. - Also $3600 on improved orop-
erty, 120x250, on San Pablo aye.: interest 10 per
cent, and other loans from sf2CO to 3100,000, at 8
and 10 percent on gilt-edgo security; no expense
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alameda County, Cal. ■. :
OAN-51000, CONTRA COSTA; NO. 1 SE-
curity. L. W., bo.x 48, Coll.' * . . - .. :
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAWV
~^'v?cFFßl£E^DiVoTiciri^
xi. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. a -
tended to. G. W. HOWS, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
J." MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. , law; advice free. : ; 24 Sixth ; St., rooms li, 15. ;
-lIT- W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-AT^l;a\V, 420
•11 . California" St., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED?
xi. rented, repaired; lowest rates. : 205 Fourth si.
, ---- CITY BEAL ESTATE.
t RE ■■■•-■
-■» you looking -
for a desirable . ".
building lot at a '. . ■■
moderate price? ;If ■ -■'^< i ..' ■ '' . .
t>o, take the Guerrero-street
Eiectric road (Mission or Valencia ■.■ .■ i
transfer st 14th). ride to Chen<?ry and • i
Castro sts., and see those beautiful LOTs !
In the CASTRO-ST. ADDITION. PRICES ::~1?.'.j
$350 to $400: TERMS $5 MONTHLY: interest
only 6 per cent; perfect title: 135 lots have
been sold in 5 months: 6 cottages are ; /
now in course of construction: all ■
streets are sraded, svwered and . ■
macadamized; water pipes laid;
all ready for home builders: go
at once; cheapest lots in the
city: agent on the ground •
daily, Sundays -?:-: ' 1 1
included.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
pALL fUR A DIAGRAM - ~
\J of those lots on Twenty-rlfth aye., ■
I'oint Lobos aye. and Clement st.  -
Prices 5375 and upward.
Terms $10 monthly.
Ootjr a very few l»fr.
Going fast. Sutro cars
pass the property. . " ' .
BALDWIN <te' HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery «t. i
CHKAP LOTS ON FOURTH AND FIFTH
\J uves., California and Lake sts. 1 street work
oone;,sso cash, $10 monthly: $1000 upward;
convenient to 3 car lines; perfect title: good
neighborhood. ••
: BALDWIN & HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
TT'S TOO BAD .-■-... ' ~ ~".
X EVERYBODY CAN'T HAVE A LOT. .
Only a limited number in the block, you know,
and they are going fast. Ten lots sold last week.
There \3 no other block in Richmond where the
prices are so low. Think of It! Lots on Eleventh
and Twelfth ayes.. California and Lake sts.: level
s>v a floor. Streets graded, sewered aud macadam-
Izpo.
*600 to ?725.
$50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
INTEREST ONLY 6 PER CENT. '<
California-it, cars pass the property. Sutro cars
and public school within a block. (.'O. to-day ana
s^e the lots. Call on us to-morrow. Bring $50
and start the best kind of a bank account.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery gt.
HI PER WEEK: ITVALK TERMINAL
C 1 tract: lots $100. McCaRT.. Y CO., 648 Mkt.
AT. HORIGEK. LOUIS A. SOUC.
r A. souc & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
* HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
.'As we rriake a specialty of Mission property and
are richt on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
<29Q AAA ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
fjp^O.yfyjyJt corners in the Mission: lot 65x
100; 2-s:orv building, containing 3 stores and 4
moms: 3 flats. 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-
window cottages, 5 rooms and bath; all in Al or-
der; renting for $2SSO per annum. ■ - .•
<il k 7 AAA cor - OCERREP.OASI)2OTH-
nT-L — .V/UU. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
j dow house: 8 rooms, bath; salon parlors; large
grounds and stable. Look at this And make
; AN OFFER. AS IT MUST GO.
Ql O Z(\f\ ''. 50x80: MISSION-ST. BUSINESS
O i-^L.fjyJy.'. property; store, 3 rooms; upper
flat. 6 rooms, bath; modern home of 5 rooms; look
at this.
'•s^OO 25x114; 20TH ST., N » VALEN-
•Juuuu. cia: bay-window house; 8 rooms,
bath; $3500 can remain on mortgage.
Q.IU II M I 30*114; LIBERTY .ST., NR. GUER-
d^\J\J\J\J. rero; bay-window house; 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; Nob Hill of the Mission: grand
view.
<<*"\AA VALENCIA ST., NR. 20TH; LOT
•_ \J'J\J\J . 25x90; hay-window house, 8 rooms
and bath: could at email cost be converted into
business property. *•
Q^.XAA BARTLETT ST., THROUGH TO
; '?OO\-'\J . alley; 30x117:6: modern 2-story
house, 8 rooms,. bath, laundry; hea-ers through
house: all in Al order; stable for 3 horses; a splen-
did home. - - - .
QjOOftfj 22x115: CAPP ST. TO ALLEY'—
i£')O\J\J. cot'a;e; 5 rooms; bath: basement-
stable; 3 horses. . .-
(J69Aflft 86x125: CHATTANOOGA ST.. NR.
— yjy-'y.'. 2'_M:cozy cottage: 5 rooms; bath;
perfect order; tine garden. -• -■- • "I
w«QAAA SAN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH-
I t^iO\J\J\J. 2-story house; 5 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted.
A FEW VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO.
50x125; Diamond St., nr. 20th: $1400. *
25x114: ISth St., nr. Church-. $1000.
•-•TxseS; Church s;., nr. 17th; $1300.
26x90: 'J3d St.. nr. Sanchez: $950.
25x100: Chenery st , nr. 30th; $650.
30:9x117:6: Mission, near 24tb: $4100.
I Vsxll4r 27th Mi, near Guerrero; $1000.
25x100; Noe St., near 24th; $1000. ■
26x178: Mission, through to San Jose; $3200.
Our list comprmes some of the best property In
the Mission. Lo:s of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good business corner* In any part of
the" Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth.
CAFEE BROTHERS, - ■■ - -....- ~~
REAL estate BROKERS "*
> AND financial AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY st. ;
EARGAINS.
QQAAA DEVISADERO-ST. P.F.SIDENCE;
\/O\jyiyj. two stories and la rooms; all-mod-
ern improvements and improved streets; elegant ,
view; a most desirable home; lot 25x119.
Ql 1 000 BA CRAMENTOST..NR.JOXE3:
<tpx.l .\'\J\>. 4 flats and cottage; two frontages:
rents 9684; this is a good neighborhood, conve-
nient and sought for by tenant*; make offer.
-1(100 I ' YON ST V - OF California:
fT 'V/V7. 30-foot lot. with n«at cottage renting
for $228; the lot ajone is worth the money in this
tine neighborhood.
Q^^On WEBSTER FT., NR. BROADWAY:
*?OO\J\J. 24x137:6; 2-story and 9-room house:
basement and DricK foundation; rents $4.6:
street accepted.
<2jQftnft GOUGH ST.; 27:6x82:6, WITH A
«3OuUU. good building that could be turned
into flats or dwelling; has grand marine view.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
- . . ■ - .....'.- 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
• REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A: FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
/- HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
KTJnP BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
i-i for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
barguins. •-.-•.•• --■ .'— . - •. . -
D - TO' S2OO— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
0 • O boulevard; $10 dowu, $5 monthly. SOL
I QETZ& BRO. ;...■■. - ,- ."
QOAA $400, . *450, $500 TO $1100 —
XDO\J\J, Choicest lots in P.ichmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms 10 suit puichasers. SOL GETZ <&
BRO. • ■ : ■■ '-■:■' -■.-.:■,■
<s»irjATO ' 8250-BUILDING LOTS. NEAR
«4v I"w Mlssion-su and electric-car lines: only
$10 down. $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & KRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. .
' SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
""MARKET-STREET PROPERTY. ;
READY FOR BUILDING.
• CORNER 76x80. v
NEAR VALENCIA. ■
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office. .
<£ 1 1 |0O WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
•iDXUUU dow cottage; modern improvements-
basement; lot 3r.x100; South Broderick st., near
Halgnt. Apply 1330 Mission st. .
Q^nn CORNER: 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
*?O\jyj. on railroad: $10 monthly. '. ;. -.v^
$400— Corner; 60x100, with creek.
$1500— Corner; 100x100: macadamized.- ,
$1000— Corner: 100x100; $16 monthly.
1 $175— Lot 25x185; $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
MODERN . 2-STORY DWELLING,.? ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: flats
an i cottages built nt most reasonable rates. Call and
sp» plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st. -
MONEY . TO LOAN. ~ T
AKLASD LOANS ON FlRSst' MORTGAGES
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of - interest. HUUH M.. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. - > r
\JONKY LOANED ON JEWELRY ANO
i-'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
HOB Market st.. nr. Mason ; private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. ; Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, ll7o Market st.
IO CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PKK CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Office.
DVANCE ON . LIFE INSURANCE, LEGA-
cif-s, pianos; lowest rates. j 215 Sansome, rm 5.
ORTGAGEB, LOANS ON COLLATE R AS-
JX ■ low rates. Sylvaio Saloman * C 0.,328 Moatgy
IST <fe 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN X*
Xtutes-.lowest, rates ;no deI:iy.MURPHV.62B Mrfct.
Q^n<vnnn ON KEai^ estate; lowest
»3)UU\r,l?UUrates. A.SCHULLEH,SOB Montgy
A DVANCESONDIAMOND3.JEWELKV.ETO
-fv Columbia Loan & Collateral Ofllce, 9 Grant ava.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2l> or 3D MORTGAGES:
XI. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. --■ McCrtUUy. '24 MotttgorrKTv.rooiTH 2-: T. - '■■
. ;^ v PAWNBKOK£BS. ■ ."... ~~
AT.« 128 KEARNY',;BT.. BOOM ? 9— MONKY
■£*■ loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pled cm ior sal i cheap.
■/.■.'■■ ' FIXAJ* CIAL. .
ffi Ift fif\(\ TO LOANT^NTLIFETINSuiu
. »4pXV/U. \J\J\r ance policies; bankbooks bought;
a. so Cripple I Creek mining stocks. •- JOSEPH B.
TUPUTZ, room V. SSO Pine su . 
, .= COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
PDWIN r k7alsip<s ; CO." ' °
SACRAMENTO AND SAN FRANCISCO.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE DEALERS. r
11 JO SO ACRES OF HIGHLY IM-
lli-. proved land n«ar the railroad in
Santa Cruz County offered in exchange for large
building near Sau Francisco suitable for a resor;.
1 I zlzL OVER 104 ACRES OF THE MOST
lltTi choice land 'in .Contra Costa County:
34 of a mile from town and railroad; good house;
barn: line bearing orchard and vineyard: half of
this land is suitable fur alfalfa, beets, corn, potatoes
and other products, balance - fine grain land; will
sell ail or part and might exchange for No.' 1 prop-
erty. Offered for few days only. *■•
- - EDWIN K. A LSI PA CO.,
Room 29. second floor. Mills building, S. F.
ANY ONE WHO HAS BUSINESS OR OTHER
•A properly to- trade ' for country real estate,
chicken an.l fruit ranches, town lots 01* villa sites,
write . and describe your property, stating clearly
what, you require, and get . our propositions.
BHAMD 4 RIHLKT, Novato, Marin County. i, »
m ACRES, 40 LEVEL; FINE CATTLE OR
X I U hog ranch. . Apply 914 Twenty-third at.
<sj»ftnn 160-acre ranch in lake coun-
<UUUV/. ty, near Kelseyvllle; house, barn; 8
miles from town. COL lON, 906 Market st.
FOR SALE— NICE FOOTHILL FRUIT
ranch, containing 160 acres, with •18 heaa of
cattle, small vineyard, a number of fruit trees of
several varieties, nice house and other Improve-
ments; located in a thriving mining district, where
product can be sold at good prices: this property
for sale at a barsain. ' Further particulars see J. Jr.
CBOfiKTT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
IOK SALE; SUMMER RESORT, WITH 40 OR j
80 acres of land: 3 miles from Santa Cruz: house :
of 16 rooms, furnished; carriage, horses, cows and :
farm implements. MRS. ZILLMER, 1009 Mis-
sion St., S. F. . ■-\ j i • i • . ...
TERMS EASY— S ACRES, $175; -15 ACRES
X improved, 11400 ; 20 acr>s, 10 iv gram, house,
etc.," cheap: 20-acre orchard, 6-room house, $2000,
will trade for Oakland property; 80 acres by town,
$12 50 an acre: several big farms. M. GRIFFIN,
box 22, Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
V-ALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
V lands for Bale on easy terms. -
iU inn ACRES; EAXCUO BOCA de la CAN-
\J\J\j\J ada del Pinole; 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
lO|||l ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL IA.ND
J 'jyjyj adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
.tordering on the bay of San Francisco; .
O(\ A ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
«JUU adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal. . '-- " ;• •
Also 'i tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner, j
■' SIMON BLUM, Martinez. '
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY— ~
0 Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD.
Pan Kafael, Cal.
AKIN COUNTY— SOW) ACRES 2U MILES
irom San Francisco. '-•-•-.••
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; term* mads
to suit; send for circular. , - .
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
»nd 65 Chronicle building.
"171 ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
X sizes, Improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda 1 ounty. Inquire of a SALZ,
Centreviile •
T ITTIiE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4. 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly proved,
with small house, etc. D. 11. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HO ME*
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
7 X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
Kp • *J land ; easy terms.
Q OX per acre; quantity to stilt: fine soil; near
V"" Pleasanton,AlamedaCo.;termstosult; also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 6 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms: "will ex-
change. LEE <fc KIaER, 306 Montgomery st. g i-. I
~^~\ >VEiiK ! S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
- V WKEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMEBTS
OFFICE-.1435 PARK STREET.
alameda real ESTATE.
"U'OR SALE. ~ , .-.■■ """"
$2200— 550 cash: $-- 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath : new colonial cottage. :>*■•■'■"*
«?800— No cash : $25 monthly: 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and bat',.
$3000-$5O cash: $SO monthly: 33:4x100; 5
roorr.s and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-S2OO cash: $itJ monthly; 33x150: 6
rooms and bath; " elegant cottage on principal
driveway. ■ ' ■ "
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
' HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections periect.
■ TO LET. - :' ;■
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear an 1 Hats above if desired: rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin- !
cipal streets. ... ■. . :. . . . .
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUsE & REMMEL. Bav-st station. Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St.. s. F. :
CjOAAa NEW-8-ROOM COTTAGE; $4tO
«iP^V/vv'. cash; balance easy terms: see it.
$3000— New 5-room cottage ; lot 50x160; want
offer: $300 cash.
$4250— New 7-room 2-story house; Broadway;
great bargain.
$3500— New 6-room cottage: must be sold. "
$5500— Santa Clara aye.: 9 room house near
Park st. : cheap.
$4750— Clinton aye.; 8 rooms; new: Clinton avp.
$6260— Alameda aye.: 8-room cottage; Alameda
aye.; lot 54x150.
$11.000— San Antonio aye.; Brooms; all modern;
beautiful. . .
House; lot 135x150; call and see thl ; fine
property; 14 rooms and 6 acres land; water, fruit:
finest property in Alameda: must be sold. On all
these properties street work, sewers and sidewalks
complete. Large number furnished and unfur'
nianpd houses. E. D. JUDD, 1424 lark at. '
f OOK-$350 FOR • LOTS* 'HALF A BLOCK
J-« from Park st., Alameda, on installments; fine
location. H.B. PINNF.Y. 902 /'roadway. Oakland.
TO LET— HANDSOME COTTAGE, COM
X pletely furnished, elegant ' and extensive
grounds, for 1 year or more. $80 per month: also
tine 2-story house of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nished, for 1 year or more. $75 per month. ,-'■■ :
For sale— A tine 8-room cottage; cost of building
alone $5500. with lot 65x146: $5500 will take the
property: don't fall to see it. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park st., Alameda (broad-gauge depot).- *- .
OR SALE— COTTAGE. 11 ROOMS: LOT 53x
100; north side; street macadamized: stone
walk: lovely garden, shrubbery, etc.: must be sold.
T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park aye. '
©100 TO * 250 DOWN, ♦'-' 5 MONTH LY> NEW
• %D J. yjyj 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, be. 001, etc : with large
lot; $2400 to $3000: nd for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda . Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda.
, ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET :
\J side; rooms; BAST laundry, basement,
side; 7 rooms; bath, gas. launitrv, basement,
stable, lawn, shrubbery. J. S. UANLEi, 1351
Park st. ■' ■
{BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
OR' RENT — FURNISHED OR PSFUB-
nisbed house of 13 rooms on principal street; 3
minutes' walk from Berkeley station: large
{! rounds, nicely improved; plenty of flowers and
| shade: lawn-tennis and croquet grounds; barn,
chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON, Berkeley sta-
tion.
OS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
' surance agent, Berkeley station. • : •■ <
NLY 5 LOTS LEFT; THE BIGGEST BAR-
gain in Alameda County; 50x141, for $400:
perfectly level: above grade: near cars. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Berkeley station.* - '. ; - "' • : ■■:■;
"IV'OK SALE— TWO MODERN HOUSES, JUST
X completed; 7 and : 8 rooms; porcelain oaths;
large lots; in choice part of town : easy terms.
- A few choice corner south of University;
cheap to close an estate. -. .- ■■■-.'■ •
270x120: 5 blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. M. L. WURTS. opposite
Dwigbt-way station, Berkeley, Cal. L .' -
OZY AND . HOMELIKE: A -.-. PLACE FOR
' comfort: must be sold; good cottage: 5 rooms
and bath: well, windmill and tank; lot 60x122;
nice yard ; near train: $2500, including furniture,
less without. H. D.I IN, Lorin. . . t - ;•.,-•
0 G. MAY & CO.. REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
A DJOI N I ttQ V N IV ESSITT G ROUN DS
Jt\. Lorge newly furnished rooms: electric lights;
first-class boar J": between two lines electric-cars:
private dining-room for 'family If desired. 2*214
Union st. -'■-'• - ;- : - ' ' . ■ ■■■'--.- :■ i -, ■;>
"DERKELEY— ACTIVE SUNNY' ROOMS
X) with board: first and second floors:' single or
en suite; :$ private; central ; reasonable. . 2324
Charming way. ■ ■ :.- '. . '. . ■- . '■'■--'■ -
PROPERTY to EXCHANGE.
XtTacre R ANCHT^^^^T^r^
'i\J Full bearing. for good Oakland property. Apply
to DE . KER, 1020 Market st. ; ~ : . . tf
1 1 ft. ACRES SANTA CLARA COUNTY r $4000
llv 14 acres adjoining San Joseforranch 30,000
a stores, 6-room flat, for Los Angeles prop- . - :
;* erty ...::...'.::.~.....v....:.::..:.'..'....\..^ 6000
4 flats for h0u5e... ....:...... ... 5000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE —- : ■ — —
All kinds of property : — ■ -■■ ■ — : — - —^~
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. ;
©OX ft A FLAT MORTGAGE - OF - $700;
ffP*JO\J\J. bouse, 10 rooms, on a main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. -■'■■• ,;,-
I 9ftft ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
•1 £iO\f wntPr: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6,Cail
.;_•.; '.;,"'- : ". -f BICYCLES. ;■• ; v: "'
DARK CYCLERY— NEW 'wHEEITtO iletT
X best | accommodations. Terminus Qvtxy, Mc-
Allister and Powell st-'car llnea.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
-Li MENT. COMPANY,., " * .
..466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
AT AUCTION.
LONG-CREDIT SALE.
■ OF THE -■
FRUITVALE TRACT, >
FRUITVALE,
JEABT OAKLAND.
. • WE WILL SELL,
■ SATURDAY, 1 APRIL 11, 1996,
At 2 o'clock p. m., upon the ground,
LARGE, MAGNIFICENT
. RESIDENCE LOTS— 2I
- \ " ' .
OF THE FRUITVALE TRACT. ALSO
A beautiful modern cottage in the same tract
consisting of 8 rooms and bath, high basement,
cement cellar, stationary wash tubs and 'all mod-
ern conveniences. Large barn, chicken-house and
all outbuildings, together with large lot facing 81
feet on Fruitvale avenue by 206 feet in depth.
LONG CREDIT. LONG CREDIT.
ONLY ONE-FIFTH CASH, balance in four
equal semi-annual payments at low rate of Interest
only 7 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
EVERY LOT OFFERED WILL POSITIVELY
BE SOLD. STREET WORK COMPLETE.
SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
There is no property around the city of Oakland
considered more desirable than Fruitvale property.
Fruitvale is sheltered from, the heavy bay wind
and has a warm, sunny, delightful climate; in fact
this section is considered the thermal belt of Oak-
land. Elegant homes and charming gardens sur-
round this property on all sides. >
Electric cars puss the property every few min-
utes. The value of this property as a residence
location cannot be excelled. Secure a catalogue
and examine the property before day of sale. *
SALE COMMENCES PROMPTLY AT 2 O'CLOCK
For further particulars apply to '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND INVEST-
MENT COMPANY,
446 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND, CAI.
ARGAIN— NEW HOISE, 6 LARGE ROOMS
i> and bath: 9300 to 500 cash, balance terms to
suit: corner lot. 35 or 60 by 125 feet; 10 minutes
on car line from local: elevated ground; fine sur-
roundings: an Ideal home: see It at once. WM.
P. TODD. IPO:; Broadway, Oakland.
OPKCIaL BARGAINS. ~
C 5 — •
\TEW 7-ROOM 2-STORY 7-FOOT BASEMENT
-l-> round-front modern house: street work com-
plete with cement walks; 1 block from Saa Pablo
aye.. near Durant School; lot "JSxlOO; price
92660; $ i!5O cash, balance 830 per month.
OX-FOOT LOT ON E. SIDE. FRANKLIN ST.,
±-*J near Sixth; 5- room cottage, rented and cheap
for $1600; half cash. _.
SOUTHWEST COR. OF SAN PABLO AYE
and 30th St.: 60 feet on San Pablo aye.; price
?55 per front foot; or will trade for other first-
class property. . .
\ T EW 7-ROOM HOUSE ON N. SIDE OF
-i-> Grant aye. or 37th St., 300 feet E. of Telegraph
aye.; lot 37:6x115: rented for $18 periaonth-
s'.'&UO; ■ one-third cash, balance flat loan at 8 per
cent. - ; :'-.'---
-1^)Qxl50: OS W. SIDE OP SAN PABLO
x— . <-' aye., near the narrow-gauge railroad cross-
Ing at 39th St.: with 2 5-room cottages on this
property; must be sold; make an offer at once.
pOR.NER LOT NEAR 'JIST-ST. ELECTRIC
\J cars. East Oakland; 21x140;. price $400: 8300
can remain on flat loan at 8 per cent.
T>EAUTIFUL HOME ON 71 H AYE., NEAR
JJ loth St., East Oakland; 12-room new house
and lot 75x150, In first-class shape: this property
cost $15,01:0: on account of owner living out of
city will cell for 10,000; $2560 cash, balance in-
stallments or flat loan at 8 per cent.
Address RALEIGH & CO., 460 Ninth s: , Oak-
land.
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS; ;
±J no interest: near local trains and electric cars. I
H. B. PiNNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
TO EXCHANGE— 6-ROOM MODERN COT-
-L tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small im-
proved ranch. J. H. EDSOX, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. ■ ■ ■ ■ . , •
FOR SALE OR XX 1 HA NO JO — OAKLAND
J3 house and lot, 37x105. on electric line, for city
property. Apply at 1431 Bush st.
-I O-ROOM HOUSE: 100-FOOT LOT; ONLY 5
-L— ' blocks from Broadway: sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an oiler. . H. A., box 7, Call Office.
Oakland. '
OMAHA FOR EXCHANGE: GOOD 10-
-'J"I"VU, room house; and lot, 50x132: nicely
located; .rental $20 per month:, will take clear
land or other property. ALDEN A KRuNEN'-
BERG, 602 Broad Oakland.
ftl "^H 2. HOUSES AND LOT, 50x104;
VpXOOXJ. rental $18 per month: a pood invest-
ment. ALDEN A KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. . •_ ■ ■ .
TTOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INKTALL-
-U. - ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 18 minutes to
Broad way .Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion. / ' .. ". ;»■;; •: . v ;-• .■ .. ■
p F A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V. WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
united .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
asc free. . »*~
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
c« q r SIX montl^^rTl^keTfurnish-
KD*J*j, ed modern 6-room cottage; sunny cor-
ner: 3 Dlocks to train. 1003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
land.
OUSEKEEPINO ROOMS, FURNISHED OR
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland. ■■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ffijQK FURNITURE 4 ROOMS. H. BCHELL-
yO«J. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: : • •■•
M. F. Healy and Katherine Norton. 3*i— 32. -
R. Hlnger and Minnie Danner. 40—44.
C. W. Radebold and Margaret L. Coojran, 25— 22.
W. T. Clearyand Katherine M:. Hanks. 32—25.
John Hansen and Bella Magee. 31—24.
M. S. Clark and Ida E. Leeds, 25—20.
51 J. Bamford and Emma L. Dawson, 29—
A. J. Pon and Marie E.-Lanormand. 23— 21
L. Denevi and Maria Gotelli, 28—16.
F. J. Harper and Flora E. Edwards. 25—33.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS^
Divorces granted: ,'.." ■ * ■-•;
Catharina L. Howatt from Henry B. Howatt, for
desertion and neglect; by Judge Hebbard. Plain-
tiff allowed to resume her maiden name of Cataa-
rina Herman. . . .
Sarah* A. Murphy from James J. Murphy for
neglect: by Judge Black. Custody of minor child
awarded to plaintiff.! -., . -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES^DEATBS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices gent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be banded in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J • ™
. ■■■•- i ■■■-.-. BORN. •...'.'.. ' \
C'UNNINGHAM-In this city, April 6, 1896, to the
wife of T. J. Cunningham, a daughter. .
GLANDER-In this city. March 24, 1896, to the
wife of H. Glander, a daugnter.
SANDERSON-In Stockton. April 6, 1896, to the
wife of Dr. Henry Ellis Sanderson, a sou.. ' "
ZANDER-In Alameaa, AprU 7, 1896, to the wife
:: of Gus Zander, a son. .■•-.•- • . ,
.. MARRIED. -;'.
B «* O i^ E KENNEDY - In Redwood City. April
6, 1890, James D. Browne and OUie P.Kennedy.
NYE-SMITH-In this city, April 8. 1896. by the
Rev. F. R. Farrand, William B. Nve and Edith
Smith, both San Francisco. - , .
SHANNON-BUCKLEY-Inthls city, April 8,
.I^9B. by the Rev. i Father Mulligan, i Henry L.
Shannon and. G eraldlne Buckley, both of San
Francisco. ?.. '. ; • :.' -■ - .•- ■- ■• ,•-■•, ■■.
? A i r ' P ING - FABN * - this Cltv, April 4,
1896, by the Rev. M. F. Colburn, Edward W.
gpaulding and Jessie iL Faruum, both of San
Francisco.
DIED. ■
ApplegarthT John " ' " " Kinselta. Wilhrm H." "
Bi*>l, Fredericks A. Logan, Elizabeth
Bureane. Francisco Mayer, Emma
Butler, Wilson g Murphy, William
Callaghan. Michael : Nicholson.- Sister M!. B.
Cull. William S. ' Park. Alma A..
Centllvre, Susie • Saieido. Lucy C.
I'empsi-v, Annie E. " Sanderson (infant)
Dlxon. Mr 3. Ellen Strauss, Uaak
Eueelhart. Josephine Sham. Mary F.
Glavln (nee Mcc), Mary • Sheridau, William F. ;
Healy. Uaniel ; , Uren. Thomas
. Hudson. Mrs. Sophie WeTdon. .Tared A.
Jenner, Frederick ' Williamson. Mrs. M.
Keller, airs. E. M. . Wilson, Caroline
' Kentzel, Mary . ," "Vounie, Rosalia
APPLEGARTH— In Hanford, April 6. IS9S, John
Applegarth, a native of Canada, aged 71 years 3
months and 21 days. ,
BIEL— In Oakland, April 1896, Fredericka A.,
wifa of H. Biel. and mother of S. W. Roehl.
a native of Flensburg, Germany, a?ed 55 years 1
month ■ and 13 , days. ; [Walla Walla (Wash.)
papers please copy. J
*s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-M.ORROW
(Friday), -at 31 o'clock p. m., from the nar-
lors of Albert- Brown. 488 Thirteenth ■ street,
Oakland. Interment {Mountain View Cemetery.
BUREANE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 8, 1896, Francisco Butane, aged 52 years,
BUTLKR.— In Bodie, Mono County, Wilson, be-
loved husband of Josephine Butler, and father of
Lena. Vinni* 1 , William and Harry Butler, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 62 years.
CALLAGHAN-In this citr, April 8,1895,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Caiiajthan. and father of Dennis and Ella Cal-
laghan, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
48 rears. . . .
•^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday); at. 2 o'ciock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 32 Kissling street, thence to St. Joseph's
. Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery."- - . ■ ' . • • ■
ST. PATRICK'S MUTUAL ALLIANCE ASRO-
ciation— officers and members of St. Pat-
rick's Mutual Alliance Association of California
are hereby notified to assemble at 32 Kissling
St.. TO-MORROW (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m..
to pay the last tribute of respect to our late
brother member, Michael Callaghan. By order,
T. F. ALFOKD. President.
J. F. Qrxr.K, Corresponding Secretary.
CENTLFVRE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 7, 1896. Susie Centiivre, aged 43 yean.
CULL— In Haywards. April 7. 1898, William a.
beloved ' husband of Mary J. Cull, and father of
Mrs. E. Lacy. Mrs. E. Alien and William Cull,
a native of Kentucky, aged 67 years 5 months
and 6 days.
•ij-FriPnds ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. THlS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. a., from M. E.
Church, Haywards.
DEMP-SE V-Inthis city. April 7.1896. Annie Eliza-
beth, beloved daughter of the late Daniel and
Catherine Dempsey, and sister of Thomas, Dan-
iel and Mary Agnes Dempsey, and niece of Mar-
tin T. Doyle, a native of ban Francisco, aged 28
years. A member of Orinda Parlor No. 66. N.
D. G. W.
t£S~ Friends and acquaintances sr» resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
■ (Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 421 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. if. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. D. O.W.— Officers and members of Orinda Parlor
No. 56, N. D. G. W.: You are hereby notified to
assemble at 421 'Eleventh street THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a.m. sharp, to attend the
funeral of our beloved sister, Annie E. Dempsey.
By order of H ANNA MACK, President.
A sna Gkubeb, Secretary.
DIXON— In N?.pa. April 6. 1896. Mrs. Ellen Dlxon,
mother of Mrs. Dr. McFarland of San Francisco.
ENGELHARDT— In Oakland. April 6. 1893.
Josephine F.nselhurdt, a native of 'Austria, aged
44 years 3 months and 27 days.
Gi.AVIN* (nee Mee)— ln Oakland, April 7.1896,
Mary, beloved wifa of A. Ulavin. and daughter of
?lrs. A. Mee. and sister of James and Maggie
Mcc, a native of California,- aged 28 years 9
months and 9 dars. ,-.*... . -„- .j
Friends and acquaintances arc resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THTB DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. * from h6r late
residence. Forty-seventh street, near Shattuck
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. m. laturmeu: St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
HEALY— In this city. April 8, 1896. Daniel, be-
loved husband of Ellen Healy, and father of
Mary, Margaret. Thomas, Annie. Sadie, Ellen,"
Henry and Nora Healy, a native of Ahavrin,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 51 years 1 mqnih and
16 days.
HUDSON— Id tnis city, April 8, 1896, Mrs. Sophie.
Hudson, dearly beloved mother of Emily A. and
the late Daniel W. Hudson and Mrs. .W. K. Mcl- 1 *
ville, a native of Lecestershire, England, aged 67
years 1 month and 22 days. - -■ • •
JJ3~FrienUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her lata
residence, 157 Clara street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
JENNER— In this cltv. April 7. 1596, Frederick
Jenner. a native of England, aged 50 years. .
KF.LLER-In thte city, April 6, 1896, Mrs. Elisa-
beth M. Keller.
KENTZEL— In this city. April 8. 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of James W. Kentzel. and mother of
Mrs. Charles X -Davis. John W., Kate. James R.,
Harry H. and David J. Kentrel, a native of St.
Louis. Mo., aged 46 years 11 months and 8 days.
#s"Friends and acquaintances »r» n>^n^ct-
fully invrea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 1321% Broadway, thence to St. Bridg-
et's Church. where usoiemnirequiem mass will be
celebrated for the "repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. ii. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • . ■ . •
KINSELLA— In this city. April 8. 1896, William
H.. beloved son of John and the late II on no
Kinsella and brother of Mrs. William G. Kaiser.
Mrs. J. M. Kelley, Mrs. P. J. Clark, Mrs. George
Osnood, Mrs. Thomas Folcy and the late James
T. Kensella. a native of Rockland, Mass., aged
36 years and 9 months.
LOGAN— In this city, April 7, 1895, Elizabeth
Logan, beloved wife of Michael Logan, and sister
of Mrs. S. Lyons, a native of Castle Blaicely.
County Galway, Ireland, aged 52 years.
SS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 16 Sumner street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock, a. m. Internien;
Holy Cross Cemetery. .-,j£gjß
MAYER— In this city, April 7, 1896, Emma
Mayer, beloved daughter of Wanda .Mayer and
the late Wendelin Mayer, sister of Otto, Ella,
. Rudolph and . Albert Mayer and Mrs. Lambert
Becker, a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years
4 months and 21 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Tnlly rhvtted to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her lat*
residence, 708 Lombard street., Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. April 8. 1896. William
Murphy, beloved, father of Mrs. J. J. Walsh find
Thomas M"rohy, a native of County Cork, Ire-,
land, aged 9 J years.
■ £3*" .Notice of funeral hereafter. :V"7. <"'•':
NICHOLSON-In this city, April 8, 1896, at
Mount St. Joseph's Asylum, Sister Mary Bernard
Nicholson. . •
PARK— In this city, April 7, 1896, Alma Augusta
Park, widow of the late Dr. F. A. Park, a native
. of Man^acnusetts. aged 65 years. . ■
POT Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
2 o'clock p. m., at the First Unitarian Church,
corner Franklin and Geary streets. Interment
private at Sacramento. Please omit flowers.
SALEinO— In San Andreas, April 4. 1896. Lucy
C Saleido, a native of Calavsras County, Cat.
SANDERSON— In Stockton, April 6. 1896. Infant
son of Henry Ellis and Elizabeth Gill Sanderson.
SHAIN— In this city, April 6, 1896. Mary E. Sham,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 63 years.
SHERIDAN— In this city. April 8. 1896. William
F., son of the late P. F. and Annie Sheridan and
brotner of John J. Sheridan of Sbeepshead Bay.
N. V.. a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years
and 10 months.
#3~Friends and acquaintances are . resnect-
fully Invited to attend the fnneral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, corner Van Ness
avenue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated . for the repose of hi*
.. soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STRAUSS— In this city. April 7. 1896. lsaak
1 ivrauis. beloved brother of Slgmond Strauss and
Mrs. Eugenic Araude, a native ofjGermany, aged
28 years.
43~Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-SIORBOW
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the par.
" lors of Charles J. B. Metzier. 636 Washington
street, under the auspices oi Court Washington
No. 37, Foresters Of America. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, San Mateo County, by 1:45
o'clock a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers. By order of
JOHN BILLER, C. F. •
M. C. Laskt, Rec. See. ;
UREN— In Antioch. Contra Costa County, April
7, 1898 , Thomas Uren.
WELDON— In this city. April 7, 1896. Jared Ahals
Weldon. a native of Wisconsin, aged 44 years 1
month and 28 days.
WILSON— In this city. "April 7. 1596, Caroline
Wilson, a native of England, aged .6S years 5
months and 3 days.; ■ . • « .
WILLIAMSON— ApriI 7. 1896. Mrs. Mary Wil-
liamson, widow of < the late Henry f Williamson,
- mother of John. Henry and Joseph William -on,
a native of Ireland, aged 55 years. ;. : -*v
YOUNIE— In this city, April 7. 1896, Rosalia, be-
loved and : only, daughter of John i and * Maria
Younle. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 days
J UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
" EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
• -> ..-.•;. at Reasonable Bates. " ■
. ) Telephone South 27 and 29 Fifth st.
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRF.CTORS ft EMBALMED,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
v. 7 Telephone 8080. .
Jas. McMksoket^ 11 ™ "cn*B.".McMßNoxtT.
JAMES McMESOMET A SON, :
UNDERTAKERS AND EMB ALGIERS,
1051 Mi*aiou Street. Near Seventh.
v-*-...vv-^ Telephone He. 8354. ->^v ■-v '
1516
ARCHITECT C. H. RUSSELL'S DESIGN FOR THE NEW LIBRARY BUILDING TO BE ERECTED AT ALAMEDA.
[ The style of architecture is Grecian classic. This structure in white viarble would cost $35,000; in brick and cement $20,000.']
COMPARED TO
A GAS BUBBLE
Rev. Mr. Goodwin's Criti
cism Discussed by Dr.
Voorsanger.
THE JEWS IN AMERICA.
Defense of the Assertion That
the Number Is Two
Million.
HIS CLAIM TO TEE PLATFORM.
The Rabbi Maintains T&at He Spoke
With Propriety— Mr. Goodwin
Called Ignorant.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger defends his
assertion that there are 2,000,000 Jewish
people in the I'nited States. He also in a
pointed manner answers Rev. Mr. Good
win's criticism about the address which
the rabbi delivered at the ministers' meet
ine on Monday.
AVnen interviewed by a Cat.l representa
tive last night Dr. Voorsanger declined to
talk about the matter, stating that he in
tended to prepare an elaborate reply.
"I do not wish to say anything at pres
ent," he declared. 'This letter that Mr.
Goodwin lias written is merely an old gas
bubble of the kind that has been so com
mon of late."
"Have you statistics to support your
assertion that in the United States there
are 2,000.000 persens of the Hebrew faith?"
was asked.
"I have," the rabbi replied, "and I will
present these now. They are as written by
Mr. Goodwin, who says in his letter to
The Call:
The United States census for ISOO gives 533
congregations of Orthodox and Reformed
Jem with 130,496 members, and these statis
tics were given by Philip Cowen of the Ameri
can Hebrew and are supposed to be reliable. It
tl true that only the head of the family is
counted in Jewish congregations.
"Mr. Goodwin adds that 'it is hardly
thinkable, however, that each head of a
family represents fifteen persons— albeit
the Jews generally adhere closely to the
injunction given to Adam as to posterity.'
"The 130,390 Hebrew cliurch members
represent, as is admitted, only heads of
families. That number must be multiplied
by five to give the number of individuals
in the families connected with the congre-
gations. Tnat gives us txS2,4RO persons.
"Again, in the large communities only
about 23 per cent of the Hebrews usually
belong to the congregations. Figuring it
out on that ba*is there would be 2,009,920
Jews in the United States. But we will be
more modest about it. Let us say that the
percentage of those connected with the
congregations is 33} 3 per cent. That
makes the number 1,f»f>7,440, which is
pretty close to my assertion."
Taking up the subject of the Monday
meeting of the ministers Dr. Yoorsanger
continued:
"I am not inclined to enter deeply into
HEW io-dat: • . •
Taiielai
AND
BLEEDING
My little boy was afflicted with Eczema la
acute form for a year, during which we tried
■without succees every known remedy. The dis-
order appeared on the right cheek and was of a.
blietery and bloody form. His pillow, mornings,
'would bear the bloody imprint of the side of his
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching bis face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Ccticcra, I bought a box. The
firpt application was tnnde at night, and it is a
fact, that the appearance of the affected parts
showed a noticeable improvement the next morn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
toy child ba« as fair and smooth skin as can be.
found anywhere. • ,
W. 8. NEEDIIAM, Patankala, O. •
PrErar Core Tke«thext. — Warm bath« with
. CnirCßA 6o*r, rrntle application* of CVticuha (oint-
ment), tn« treat »kin cure, and mild dote* of Cinicca*.
RESOLYEirr. createit of humor cum. .
• Sold throughout the world. Pnee, Crncrij, Mci
Boai\ 25c.; Kuolvest. Me. and $1. Porrtu Dbdo
akb Caen. Coiir., Sole Pront., Bo.ion. M
l a*" " Sow to Cure Erar Skin Di»e»»e." mailed fnM. I '•>
fcHIIIB i7<litflMlMllll 111 ■■IliiWll !■■■■ iliwiw mi >i r ,'
Alameda is to have a new library building. A site for the structure, at Santa Clara
avenue and Oak street, opposite the municipal government building, is owned by the
city and is reserved for the purpose. Eleven citizens have subscribed $11,000 of the
required $25,000 fund, and there is no doubt that all the money that may be needed
can be obtained without a direct appropriation by the city.
The building will be 75 by 80 feet in dimensions. A lecture-room in the basement
is one of the requirements. Several designs for tne library have been prepared, but
these have not yet been officially considered.
To-morrow evening the convention of the Central California Library Association
will be held at Alameda in the $50,000 city hall that was recently dedicated, and the
trustees will exhibit with pride the library plans and the records of the libiary work.
That the library is appreciated and used by the Alameda people is shown in Li
brarian Harbourne's report for the month of March. The number of books taken
from the library was 10,158 and tlie number called for in the reference department was
1222. That is a total of 11,380, a probably unrivaled record in cities of the size of
Alameda.
this discussion at present, but I see that
Mr. Goodwin says:
Rabbi Yoorsanger appeared among the Meth
odist ministers yesterday morning unan
nounced and uninvited, so fur as appears, and
proved his courage, if not his courtesy, by
making a numberof "suggestions" that proved
his direct lineal descent from those who made
some similar but more violent "suggestions"
to the converted Jews, Paul and Silas, in
I'hilippi several years ago.
"In criticism of my speaking he shows
more ignorance than courtesy. My visit
to the conference was the result of corre
spondence with Dr. Urmy, the president
of the Ministers' Association. I was not
unannounced, whether I was invited or
not. And it is a question in my mind
whether one cannot properly go to an
open meeting of that kind.
•'I wili say that I need no lessons In
courtesy from Mr. Goodwin. If he can
point out wherein I have been discour
teous I would like to have him do so; if
not, he ought to go to a kindergarten
where they teach how to be courteous.
"Mr. Goodwin says that 'if Miss
Anthony had not been promised the floor
thus precluding any discussion — there
would have been some prompt and lively
action. Methodist preachers are not noted
for turning the other cheek when slapped
by a vainglorious and self-important cen
sor.'
"I would like to have Mr. Goodwin un
derstand that I am sorry they did not take
action, as it would have given me a chance
to tell Dr. Goodwin and others what I
thought of them."
ACCUSES THE RAILROAD
Mayor Sutro Sees Its Hand in
the Affiliated Colleges
Matter.
He Refuses to Give the University
Regents a Clear Deed to
the Site.
Mayor Sutro says tnat the Southern
Pacific Company is behind the lack of
action on the part of the regents of the
State University in beginning work on the
Affiliated Colleges, and that in his opinion
the institution will never be built on the
land he has donated as a site.
The deed of gift of the land— which was
made on October 8 last — contained a clause
making it void unless work was begun
within six months. This period expired
yesterday, and Regents Reinstein, Foote,
Slack and Wallace with their attorney,
Major Mhoon, called on the Mayor to
ascertain whether or not an extension
could be procured. Mr. Sutro expressed a
willingness to grant any reasonable time,
but when it was intimated to him that the
proper thing to do was to deed the land
outright to the regents he demurred, and
the upshot of the matter was that no de
cision was arrived at, and other meetings
must be held before the question can be
settled.
"Huntington's hand again," said the
Mayor, after the regents had left.
"Though it may not be apparent to the
geuerai public, I can see the 'iand of the
octopus back of the peculiar actions of the
regents.
"Six months ago I offered them a site for
the Affiliated Colleges and gave a deed ior
the lana. It appears now that a clause
was contained hi the deed providing that
the gift depended on their beeinning work
within six months. I do not remember
just now why that clause was inserted,
but it was certainly done with an object.
"Now the octopus has taken advantage of
that provision to harass me in this matter
as it does in everything else. The railroad
company has sent forth the edict that the
Affiliated Colleges must not De located
where it will be of any benefit to me, and
the resents of the university have dilly
dallied along about accepting plans for the
colleges until the six months is up and
now they will try to make it appear that i
am standing in the way of the building of
the institution.
"I am willing to give all the time they
want if they will act squarely about the
matter, but I don't propose to give the
lands into the hands of political manipu
lators to handle them as they please. On
July 1 next one-half of the appropriation
for the college buildings, amounting to
$125,000, will lapse unless that amount has
)tmu expended by that time, so that but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1896.
three months intervenes before they will
lose half of their money. It would seem
to me that if they meant business they
would have begun work before this.
"I trust that the matter will be settled
so that the colleges can be located on the
site I have dbnated, but I must confess
that I have my doubts about the outcome."
FIRST CHURCH DELEGATES.
They Were Appointed Last Xight to the
Bay Conference.
At the meeting of the First Congrega
tional Church last night the usual order of
procedure was reversed. First came the
business and then the devotional exer
cises.
Deacon Vasconcellos, on motion of
Deacon Morse, was ejected as delegate to
the council which is to meet at the Cooper
Church, on Ninth avenue, this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock, to hear the petition of that
church to be received into fellowship.
This council will be composed in part of
the pastor and a delegate from each of
the following Congregational churches:
First. Plymouth, Bethany, Third, Fourth,
Olivet, Bethlehem, Park, Richmond,
Eighth and Swedish. It will also include
the following: Rev. L. L. Wirt, Rev. .). X
Harrison, Rev. 11. H. Wikoff, Rev. George
Mooar, D.D.. and Sidney Yarrow. Tne
committee which called the council con
sisted of Eaward Ewald, 'William Meadow
croft and R. A. Tuttle.
On motion of Deacon Vasconcellos Dea
cons D. G. Dexter and A. J. Dearing were
elected delegates to the Bay Conference,
which is to meet at the First Church!
Berkeley, on Tuesday next. Its most im
portant work will be the hearing of charges
of unministerial conduct against Rev. C.
O. Brown, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church of this City. This church
will have four votes at the Conference, as
deacon Morse, by virtue of being a mem
ber of the committee on credentials, is also
a; member of the conference, and Pastor
Brown will also go as a representative of
his church.
Dr. Brown in tl»e course of last night's
meeting informed those in attendance that
the session of the conference was open to
everybody and urgently requested all who
could manage it to be'there. He also in -
vited tho.se who wished to make a study
of the Bible to join his newly organized
Bible class, which he stated now numbered
103 members. He was careful to avoid
even the semblance of seeking to induce
secessions from Mrs. Sarah Cooper's Bible
class by saying that his invitation was
meant for those who did not already be
long to a class of this kind.
At the close of the meeting two intend
ing communicants placed their names in
the hands of the standing committee of
the church.
A TRAVELING LIBRARY.
Actor Mansfield's Unique Idea forTrsm-
P'ir! iiijj a Thousand Books.
Richard Mansfield, the noted actor, who
is soon to aDpear at the Baldwin Theater
has introduced a novel idea into the pri
vate car in which he travels. He carries
about with him wherever tie goes so many
volumes of books that it has heretofore
puzzled his ingenuity where to conveni
ently store them in his car so as to be able
to lay his hands on any volume at any
moment. It was impossible to place them
on open shelve?, as the swinging of the
car to and fro and the continual jarring
would naturally overturn them. A new
device has therefore been made use of by
him which bids fuir to be quite practical.
He has had a false siding made to lit the
coach, one that extends several feet from
the regular wall, so that hundreds of vol
umes can there be conveniently stored
without the slightest bother. The arti
liciul wall is so skillfully arranged that it
can be raised in strips at will, and the
books are disclosed as though resting on
the shelves of a bookcase.
It is estimated that Mr. Mansfield car
ries about with him while en tour 1000
books, and is constantly referring to them.
Mr. Mansfield has raised himself to a com
manding position in the dramatic profes
sion " within a remarkably brief period.
He will bring his Garrick Theater Com
pany from New York with him. In addi
tion to "Beau Brummell," which has been
seen here, Mr. Mansfield will present his
latest success, "The Story of lioaian, the
Student," founded upon Dostoyevski's
great Russian novel, "Crime and Punish
ment."
Gripman Cumniings' Denial.
James Cummings wishes to state emphatic
ally that he was not on car 37, in which Miss
Lou Reddan, 311 Taylor street, was injured in
February last. Mr. Cummings slates that at
that time he was at his home, 14 Valencia
street.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Ryan & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, *
LIQUOR AS YOU LIKE IT
J. Cominsky's Clever Scheme
on the County Bound
ary Line.
A COUNTY LICENSE? NIT!
Queer Developments Arise From
Secretary Holbrook's Crusade
Against Coursing.
The r crusade Officer Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals has started against the people who
conduct coursing matches has developed
some ludicrous situations.
Just as in the Venezuelan controversy,
it is a case of boundary iine that is crop
ping up, and over which there is every
likelihood of being a squabble.
In the mean time while Secretary Hol
brook is worrying himself and, incident
ally, worrying the Ingleside Coursing Club,
the people out at Ocean View are sitting
back in their chairs and having a good
quiet laugh. They are on the boundary
line between San Mateo and San Fran
cisco counties, and that portion of the
coursing acres in this county which is un
der the jnrisdiction of Mr. Holbrook can
be cut off entirely without interfering with
the sport. As a matter of fact the cours
ing is all'done in San 'Mateo County, and
that portion of the 160 acres leased by Eu
gene Casserly and M. W. Kerrigan which
is in San Francisco County is used solely
as a "hospital." In other words, it con
sists of about four acres, in which the
hares, wounded or otherwise disabled
while in transit from the Merced plains,
are turned loose to recuperate so as to be
good and strong before being chased by
the dogs.
One of the funny incidents in connec
tion with this boundary line is the rela
tionship of J. Comisky to San Francisco
and San Mateo counties. The gentleman
has a wayside house not far from the
Abbey House, kept by Mr. Casserly, and
no man ever was on the fence any better
than is thi3 same Mr. ComiMky. The
boundary line cuts diagonally through his
house, and while he serves drinks in San
Francisco on one end of the bar he serves
his San Mateo customers on the other end.
Of course Mr. Comisky is in the United
States— that he cannot help — and neces
sarily he pays an internal revenue license.
But as to county license or licenses there
are none around his place.
The gentleman rightfully claims it
would be a hardship for him to pay two
licences for one bar. That would amount
to $110 yearly, orsl26forßan Mateo and $84
for San Francisco. Instead, he takes the
benefit of the doubt, and when the San
Mateo license colleotor calls on him he
serves liim drinks on the San Francisco
end of the bar, and Fred Lees could not
Ket n toddy from Mr. Comisky any place
but in San Mateo County to save his
whiskers.
Comisky bought 30x125 feet of property
at the boundary line, from Mrs. J. Ander
son, about fourteen months ago. It is on
this property that he has built his inn.
Mrs. Anderson has always paid her taxes
on the property in San Mateo County, and
it is not likely that Mr. Comisky escapes
that disbursement on the "heads I win,
tails you lose" saloon business he has with
the license collectors.
But, to return to the Holbrook crusade.
He has, so far, taken no action toward
stopping the Ocean View people from con
ducting coursing matches, and it is not
likely tnat he will.
Strange to say, Messrs. Casserly and
Kerrigan, who are mainly interested in
the Ocean View grounds, are strong sup
porters of what Officer Holbrook has said
in regard to the sport. Mr. Kerrigan, ior
instance, said yesterday:
"Notwithstanding the opinion expressed
by D. Shannon, J. K. Dixon, John Grace
and J. H. Rosseter, that the killing of
hares by dogs is not cruel, I say it is, and
I am running coursing as a matter of busi
ness only. I expect that our place will
soon be dosed up on the same grounds
Officer Holbrook is advancing, but, nat
urally, action will have to be taken in San
Mateo, not in San Francisco.
''It has been advanced that does tossed
the hares up with their noses and killed
them that way," continued Mr. Kerrigan.
"That is all nonsense. The dogs chew
the hares when they catch them, and it
sometimes takes twenty or thirty minutes
before the hare dies."
Messrs. Casserly and Kerrigan have the
largest coursing grounds in the State, and
they claim that while coursing is cruel,
. : . ' • ' 'HEW TO-DAY.
OO<H><HHKKHHHKK>O<K><H>O^
%^^,^:'^'^^ 937-945 §
I MARKET C^Z^^^^CSC MARKET I
6 § INCORPORATED. 6
I LEADERS ALL THE TIME. |
O Not leaders to-day and followers to-morrow, but Leaders all the i time, with the best 6
A bargain values to be had in the world. See the new attractions this week and notice how A
X much less priced than formerly. In no other store can you spend your money to better fa
V advantage." ; V
6 new CAPES — JACKETS===SUITS. new 6
O I'""'"'* : ,^' ; : :*••• TV TAN ONLY, fancy silk lined, A
j X :90 :In FANCY MIXTURES, double- •QA ; ;.^ ; ; : buttons on 'side, with two large V
O '• v : breasted loose front, velvet collar, :' O\J • pearl buttons trimmed with small Q
6 ! LADIES' i tf^ffiffirS^tSft*?!. i LADIES' | %"'^yd£A'?£s »° 6
O ; JACKETS. ; S".^!':..!!: §10.00 -': JACKETS. : SI .L. OO ur. r . pr :?':::::::::§10-00 9
**V : • . vT- • : . C'--,. V -- fS
a """*"•"",....., ; ' ■" ! """ •"• : X
V 25 LADIES' CAPES— tan only, trimmed with straps of We have just received from New York an elegant line of JL
O same material and gilt buttons, 18 inches long. Good HUCK SUITS, in all the new patterns. We <J»Q Aft Q
J^ valueats7so. Our price ©X (\(\ will place them on sale to-day at $O.VVJ fa
T •••• • • q?O,\J\J Each V
6 new DRESS GOODS. m* 0
A Black Goods have a decided call this season. Their popularity is more pronounced than ever. That's why our buyers bought A
T so generously. We are showing the largest assortment, newest, .most elegant patterns and best values in the market in JL
| \J consequence. ;. O
0 : ' -.'^v' "J "•" ••;••••: PLAIN MOHAIR, 54 inches • • ••• • • • SWELL NOVELTY PAT- A
i A : XKAV : wide V a beautiful luster, a ; "VTITW "; : TERNS, medium and large de- V
V ■■■.: .±*±f V T^,^ : very heavy serviceable weave : l>JCi>V. :■ signs, 44 inches wide, elegant Q
A : TVTjAfiTT : and an ideal fabric. Very : XnTpTTpi^TV : stuff for skirts and suits; luster A
1 : - L>JJA^- a - . : popular this season. CM A A : JDllxUHUll/. • like a dollar fresh from C*l OX V
0 ; SICILLETTA. i price \ SICILIANS. fsSS^r^S $
y» •••*••••••••••••• V
T NEW WOOL FIGURES, an all-wool mohair novelty, 38- NEW FANCY MOHAIR, wool figures, 44-inch, granite JL
O inch, small and medium patterns. Price . fr/j,, ground,' new staple patterns. Price ......H^n Q
V i!..!....".'....".'..'...!....!!..!.i!..'.'.".^r.".".' .'.".'." Yard O
o new ART GOODS. new 6
O We have a full line of Slipper Cases, Brush and Comb Bags. Brush Holders, Combing Towels and Gown Cases. Q
fa : : STAMPED ON BROWN LINEN, ; : POINT D'ESPRIT PATTERNS, A
V '■ T ATT\ITiT?V : bonnd in red tape, pretty designs, ; "RTTPPATT : appliqued in white on Brussels net, V
j A : JUiUJIM/JLLX : 20}4x30>£ inches we sell for 50c :JD Li XLJCiii. U : consists of scarf and three Qi tA A
V : TjAflCi w. : each. 17J^x24 inches are 40c : QT^TnCJ : tidies, very neat. Price.. ©ItOU V
Q : JDAIJO. : each. : »oJ]ili3. : ; t<S
Q ANTIQUE TIDIES, new designs, pare linen, 14 inches RUSSIAN SCARFS, new patterns, in a beautiful (*Z O Q
A square, 25c each; 12 inches square, 20c each ; 10 inches ecru color lace, size 17x50 inches, a pretty bureau. OOL/ JL
V' square, 10c each. ; : " ; ' decoration. Price Each V
$ NEW SPECIALS. %
0 5i .ri? For B °y s and Girls, HAMBURG ■•■■• L»rge assort- t ~-^ In blue and black ' O
1 rnTTnv narrow ribbed, good EMBROIDERY ment of paN I JniFS- Melton cloth, In- •• .f T
A £9xlI ON Ueavy quality and jc.jmitiiim.ni. terns, 5 and 6-iAC ) J-Al>lJfcS laid velvet collar. A*,-- fa
V Ito ' > *" seamless, sizes 6t09, "1 QIC Inches wide, value 16c to 20c. Special ±\J * fBBI straps of velvet . V
A regular value 25c, bargain value' l9c. 1— 2 price Yard around shoulder, trimmed with gilt •. ' - A
V Special price;... :....... Pair buttons and braid, 18 inches long. C^f» AA'v-Y
A _; . . -jSi'i ?: This price is for to-day only. Worth D.UU.Jk
0 r9 i\th — 1 Black and navy blue, t t\f\ 1 White linen, fringed, — In Melton cloth ■■ O
V wmni . ! extra heavy weight, LINEN 16x50 inch, stamped Ore 3<> fancy su£ lined' V
fa on sale to-day, special for ard rows of velvet, trimmed with straps \ ''- A
1 — - - ~" of same material and small pearl Q Cf\ A
j*\ buttons, a bargain at *I'J 50. ThistjnO.OU /\
V/ -.__ Lisle thread, Klche- . FRF\rn "40 pieces In . black price is for to-day only Each V
JL liADlfcs lieu ribbed, low cro- mfrnviT and navy, very A
0 LISLE cne neck and arm- «FRrF heavy.full 48 Inches WTTT -,_. Q
A VESTS. lets; no sleeves; col- OCC =^^"_±l! wide and guaran- rrvC torchoV Three and four inches re A
0 brs"pTn"irand blue, regular 60c quality. £O teed all pure wool, to be placed on sale OV ■*««» wide. A real bar- O O
X special price Each to-day. Special price Yard AOE - gain........ Yard X
their grounds are bo situated that the
hjires have a fair chance for their lives, as
eighty holes are provided on either end of
the grounds, into which the long-eared
pests may escape from the pursuing
hounds.
The'lngleside Coursing Club's tract is
about one-third the size of the other, and
it is against it that Secretary Holbrook is
making a fight.
RELATIVE KNOWLEDGE.
Professor GrigK* Lectures at the- Acad
emy of Natural Sciences.
A large and appreciative audience en
joyed Professor Edward Howard Griggs'
lecture on "The Relativity of Knowledge"
last pigbt in the lecture-room of the Acad-
eniy of Sciences.
All human knowledge, the brilliant
young Stanford professor contended, was
relative. It took the ancients some time
to arrive at a realizing sense of this truth.
For example, Pythagoras and his school
mingled a deal of mysticism in their
teaching. One, they s«aid, indicated the
unity from which all other things proceed;
two.being an addition to one, signified di
versity, while three, being the union of
one aud two, was made to figure the uni
verse or the combination of the creative
unity with the created diversity. Others
confounded soul and body, mind and mat
ter, and, while recocnizing qualitative dif
ferences, sought to solve all problems by
rules of their own devising.
The Sophists, the Atomistic Theorists,
the Stoics and the Epicureans all had dif
fering solutions for the enigmas which
confront the human intelligence at every
turn.
Socrates, said Professor Griggs, arrived
pretty near the Becret of true wisdom. One
day he consulted an oracle which in an
swers to his questions told him he was the
wisest man in Greece. The great philoso
pher accepted the oracular utterance in a
way singularly -worthy of his modest sim
plicity. "Kvery one in Greece," he rea
soned, "thinks I know something, whereas
I know that I know nothing; hence lam
wiser than they all."
The Debt Will Lapse.
The legatees of James H. Dobinson have re
quested James M. Allen, the executor of the
Dobinson estate, to withdraw the suit now
pending against the Church of the Advent.
During the construction of the church Dobin
son advanced various sums of money, until, at
his death, he was owed $20,112 41. For this
action brought suit to recover, but it seems
now as if it would be dropped. The
leerttees say if this suit is pressed it will destroy
the church, a thing wnich was foreign to the
testator's ideas, and so they request that the
case be dropped. An order authorizing the
executor to dismiss the suit was made by
Judge Slack.
NEW TO-DAY.
THisT
Best Brands (very mild cure) 18^40
Very Choice Sugar-cured 10c
Best Sugar-cured Picnic Hams 7c
Best Fresh Ranch Eggs, per doz lSVfec
Sugar Corn, quality guaranteed, per can 5c
Wax Beans, best quality, per can 5c
10-lb Bag Patent Cut Oatmeal 25c
10-lbßag Rolled Oats 25c
3 Squares Best Creamery Butter $1 00
Very Fine, Sweet Butter, per roll 25c
ROBINSON & KNDX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
900-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
AT AUCTION!
THURSDAY, m*
APRIL 16th, p^'
At 12 o'clock Noon, jOl
In Our Salesroom, -^SP^^fWjk,
-,— SUPERB SiH
SI BUILDING LOTS ! Igjpr
L^ff~fMc ALLISTER ST.» [y
SEE HOW WE ARE GUTTING UP THIS
BEAUTIFUL BLOCK—
Sto^e'Ld n ewalkslfl|*around the There will be 37 Lots —
block. '
S^.StafiSmi;?^ ""• Each one better than the other.
mTjnirn~a~ Pooh Lots on Baker Street.
1 Jiltjllb "^E U&Sll, Lots on McAllister Street.
Balance in l, 2 and 3 Lots on Lyon Street,
years. • "■■■-.'-..■'•: ■" ■ ■ -
— Lots on Golden Gate Avenue.
;■ : ■ . Title Insu ranee Policies issued to : : FINAL SALE. This is the last of thi ..ni« **
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery Street.