VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 47.
BALFOUR STATES
BRITAIN'S POLICY.
Praises America and Flouts
Germany and Its
Kaiser.
WAR TALK IS TABOOED.
England Would Not Quarrel With
the Young Giant of
the West.
ATTITUDE IN THE TRANSVAAL
Foreign Rulers Warned Not to In
terfere With the Suzerainty
of the Queen.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. to.— At a meeting
in Manchester this evening, over which he
presided, Right Hon. Arthur J. ISalfour, j
First Lord of the Treasury, in the coarse
of an address which he delivered made
incidental mention of Emperor 'William of j
Germany, which was greeted by his j
hearers with groans and hoots.
Mr. Balfour admitted, witii sorrow and
reluctance, ttiat the concert of action of
the European powers has Jailed to intro
duce reforms in the government of Turkey, ;
-without which he feared it would be im- j
possible to hope for an early settlement of
the Eastern question.
Referring to the Transvaal difficulty Mr.
Balfour declared that he could not discuss j
Hie gravity of the offense of those who
would be arraigned for their operations in i
the South African reDublc, but he would
say he was sure that those who were
responsible for the movement there were j
not guided by mean, sordid motives. The
Government was of the opinion that it !
was impossible for affairs in the Transvaal
to reach a satisfactory condition while its i
Government was founded upon so artificial
and equitable basis as it is at present, the
Uitlanaers, who are vastly in the majority,
paying the greater proportion of the taxes
and not having the smallest share in the
Government.
President Krueger, Mr. Balfour admitted,
had displayed great generosity, and he
hoped, therefore, that the promised re- \
forms would not be delayed longer than
was neces 1 - ry. It is. beyond question that '
the Transvaal was free in the administra- j
tion o f if f ■>.'■ pil affair*, bus its external,
affairs were subject to the control of Great
Britain— call it suzerainty or by any other ;
name, there is no mistaking this fact— and
that foreign interference would not be per- !
mitted. At this point the speaker was
interrupted by prolonged cheers. Never
theless, Mr. Balfour said, he was not \
aware that any foreign country was pre- !
Dared to dispute the doctrine. This state- I
ment was greeted with renewed cheers.
Touching upon the Venezuelan dispute, |
Mr. Bali it said the people of the United :
trues of America appeared to suspect
Great Britain of running counter to the j
Monroe doctrine. He dilated upon this
doctrine, construing it to the effect that j
the American continent must not be re
garded as a field for European coloniza- '•
tion, and that European nations were not j
entitled to interfere in the domestic affairs j
of the New World, and said that the United
States and Great Britain concurred in this
construction. He was not aware, he con- ,
tinued, that there had been any change of
mind, and did not believe that it would be
possible to find an individual in the coun
try who was opposed to what is known as
the forward policy of America.
<ireat Britain was content to do her best
with the colonies she possessed, and did
: I wish to interfere wah other States or
• more territory.
He believed that if the Venezuelan Gov
ent had requested British protection
the nonor would have beer declined by
.-talesman namable. He referred to
tiie long duration of the boundary dispute,
to Lord Salisbury's dispatch, to the
ress of compiling documents rej:it . :
tiie mat:er here and to the appointment of
p. United States commission to determine
a boundary, and added that it would be
bard indeed if the common sense of the
Anglo-Saxon race was unable to settle any
dispute without war. [Cheers. 1
Mr. Balfour said he had been deeply and
BON, ARTHUR BROWN, INDORSED BY THE REPUBLICAN CAUCUS FOR
UNITED STATES SENATOR I ROM UTAII.
The San Francisco Call.
painfully impressed with the different
manner in which war is regarded in Eng
land, as compared with the view appar
ently taken of it by some sections of the
American population. "War with the
United States of America appeared to
himself, and doubtless to his hearers also,
to be enveloped with the unnatural horror
of a civil war, which, with any nation,
was a terror to be avoided at all costs ex
cept dishonor. Beyond, their common
ancestry, language and civilization, he be
lieved, he said, that the British people had
a pride of race which embraced every
English-speaking community in the world.
He admitted with sorrow that his feel
ings, judging from the newspaper articies
on itie subject, were not shared by a large
section of the American people, who ap
peared to regard a war with England as a
thing to be lightly indulged in, an exnil
arating exercise, a gentle stimulus. This
distressing ami horrible view, he declared,
he could not believe was the permanent
adoption of any large section of the people
of the United BtatM.
Mr. Balfour dwelt at length upon the
sentimental aspect of the question, and
said that he trusted and believed the day
• would come when the better statesmen in
authority, and more fortunate than even
Itfonroe, would assert a doctrine between
caking peoples under which war
I be impossible. He deprecated the
Eni6tic view takan of the future by
soiuo, and asserted his unbelief that pub
iirion on the other side of the At
lantic or in Europe would permit the out
ik of war.
Moreover, lie could not see that England
had cause for a quarrel with any nation on
the face of the globe. England, Mr. Bal
four said, did not desire anybody's terri
tory, and he had no wish to interfere with
any existing interest, but if war must come
he did not think she had any reason to be
afraid. He did not believe that there had
a moment in the recent history of
the empire when it was a better rightine
machine than it is at present.
In concluding his speech, Mr. Balfour
alluded to the increase in the navy, and
said he believed tliot it would not be called
into action, but if by any mischance the
people of England should be called upon
to light for their country he did not believe
the issue of the conflict would be dimin
ished dory or diminished power of the
British empire.
Upon the conclusion of his speech Mr.
Balfour was enthusiastically and repeat
edly cheered by his hearers.
ItEFEXSIS TALK CB.ECKED,
Reference to a I' an- American Union
Eliminated 2'rom an Address.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— 1t was
learned to-day that the original draft of
the address delivered this morning to the
President by the new Ecuadorean Minister
contained a reference to the necessity of a
union of all American countries to sustain
the Monroe doctrine, but that this was
omitted from the Minister's speech at the
suggestion of either the State Department
or some of the Pan-American diplomatists
who are interested in the project.
Some of the diplomatic representative
from South America and Central America
navtk-Tccfcived credent:? la ti>&n;< conference
that may be called for the purpose of or
ganizing such a league, but while there is
almost a unanimity of opinion among Pan-
American Governments in favor of the
idea, a few of these are not disposed to
indorse it for the present, and for that
reason the proceedings are liable to be slow
in obtaining the desired end.
11 EACH A SETTLEMENT.
Conference Between JtoOlnson and
Krxicgcr JZnds Satiifactorily.
PRETORIA, Traksvaai,, Jan. 15.— The
conference between Sir Hercules Robin
son, Governor of Cape Colony, and Presi
dent Krueger has been concluded.
It is believed that it has been entirely
satisfactory as regards all matters in
which Jameson and his followers are con
cerned. British officials speak in the
3t terms of the moderation displayed
by President Krueger. Some of the Uit
landers who were arrested at Johannesburg
have been released.
Sir Hercules Robinson has started on
his return to Cape Town. Circumstances
connected with tne changes in the Cape
Ministry hastened his departure. It
has been finally settled that Dr.
Jameson and his officers shall
conveye i as prisoners to Knjrland, where
they will bo arraigned before the proper
tribunals. The rank ana file of Dr. Jame
son's invading party have arrived at Vols
rost, whence they will proceed for Natal
and later be sent to England to be dealt
with as the Government of Great Britain
may see fit.
South Americans A.rre»ted.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 15.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Johannesburg to a news agency here giv
ing the names of other persons arrested
there. Among the names given are those
of Victor Clement and F. K. Tindham, two
South Americans.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 16, 1896.
C. P. Huntington —"Won't you gentlemen give me a lift?"
EXTENDING THE
MIKADO`S POWER
Japan Will Construct an
Immense Navy at
Once.
SHIPS AND ARMAMENT.
The Empire to Be Placed Upon
a War Footing Within
Ten Years.
MISSIONAKIES IN DISFAVOR.
Americans Accused of Complicity in
the Attack Upon the Korean
Queen.
TOKIO, Japan-, Jan. 3 (via Victoria, B.
C, Jan. 15). — The ninth session of the
Japanese Diet was opened by the Emperor
in person on December 29. The gist of the
speech from the throne may be reduced to
two points — first, that various measures for
promoting the industrial and commercial
progress of the country and decreasing its
armaments will be sumitted to the Diet;
secondly, that the sovereign invites "har
monious co-operation" on the part of its
members in discussing these measures.
Harmonious co - operation has been
preached from the throne to the Diet from
time to time since the latter came into ex
iatence, and at the present moment, when
the interests of the empire call for united
legislative action, the Emperor naturally
desires that national progress shall not be
impaired by party squabbles.
This year's composition of the commit
tee implies that the Government's sup
porters have an emphatic majority. Great
interest attaches to the Japanese budget
for the approaching fiscal year, since docu
ments will be found to outline the Govern
ment's various projects for increasing the
army and navy and for promoting indus
trial enterprises.
It appears that, whereas the local appro
priation on account of the navy in the last
budget was 15,200,000 yen. it is 35,500,000
yen in the new budget, and the outlay on
account of the navy has similarly grown
from 13,750,000 to 37,2.50,000 yen.
The exact details as to the application
of these large additional sums are not yet
published. Koughly speaking, however,
the programme seems to be that the army
will be increased by nearly 100 per cent
and the navy raised from the present dis
placement of 70,000 tons to 200,000 tons, all
this to be achieved within ten years.
Assuming that the scheme can be carried
out successfully, Japan will be able in 1906
to land and maintain an army of 200,000
men in any part of Asia, always retaining
at home a force sufficient for domestic de
fense, and to put to sea with a fleet con
siderably superior in displacement to the
combined squadrons of Great Britain,
Germany, Kussia, France and America
now on the Pacific station.
The Japanese correspondents in Seoul
and Tokio and the journals they repre
sent have been very persistent in prefer
ring against American missionaries in
Korea and against American employes of
the Korean Government charges of com
plicity in the attack on the palace on the
28th of November. They also assert that
the representatives of the United States
and Russia abused their right of asylum
belonging to their legation*.
As to the forincr .' irge, General Dye,
the principal American employe in Korea,
has published an emphatic statement to
the effect that hia sole share in the busi
ness was to make dispositions for the de
fense of the palace, on the strength of the
warnings carried by the Rev. Dr. Under
wood.
This statement is confirmed by Mr.
Allen of the United States legation and
completely disposes of tho accusations
made by the Japanese, for they have al
ways represented Americans as sympathiz
ing with and abetting the conspirators,
whereas the action of General Dye and Dr.
Underwood is exactly opposite.
With regard to the conduct of the lega
tions it is arraigned on the ground that
asylum having been given — improperly—
to certain people flying from the terrors of
the coup d'etat of November 8, it was im
properly continued to the same Koreans
after their attempt on November 28 to
storm the palace and take sanguinary ven
geance on Tai Won Kun and his party.
The leading Japanese journals express
full confidence that if there be any truth
in this charge the Governments at Wash
ington and St. Petersburg will adopt
necessary m< a<ures.
General Tung Fu Hsiang, who com
mands the imperial forces in Kanus, has
sent a report to the throne describing a
series of brilliant victories which were
gained by him over the Mohammedan in
surgents in that province. It is very sig
nificant that the time covered by the re
port is only thirty days— November 14 to
December 14.
The rebellion began in May, and Gen
eral Tung, at the head of 24,000 Kansu and
Kushgar troops, then defending the south
ern suburbs of Peking against an antici
pated Japanese invasion, was ordered at
onco to.proceed against the rebels, but of
what happened to him and to his army
during the following five months wo learn
nothing from the report. At any rate, he
avers that by December 4 he had repeat
edly defeated the Mohammedans and re
lieved Hochu, and the Emperor, believing
him, lias handed him over to the board of
awards as being worthy of special honors.
A terrible lire occurred on September 3
last at Ngosha, a city lying on the great
highway between Canton and the southern
provincial market towns. The conflagra
tion commenced at 1 o'clock in the after
noon in a hempshop outside of the gate of
the city, and was not extinguished until 7
o'clock in the evening. Two thousand
houses were reduced to ashes and forty
peopie were burned to death.
CALI jFOHXIA. J'OIVItEIt TESTED.
Samples Tried at Indian Head I'roving-
GrOUH4&S (rive Satisfaction.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.-A Herald
special from Washington says: Tests of
powder for the 13-inch guns for use
on board the battleships of tne navy are
now in progress at the Indian Head
proving-grounds. The camples which have
just been fired are those of two lots manu
factured by the California Powder Works.
Th c results obtained from these samples
have been satisfactory, a maximum velocity
of 20?0 feet per second having been ob
tained with a pressure in the neighbor
hood of n fteen tons. Other samples will
be shortly received from the California
Powder Works, which will also be tested.
Eloped With Another's Wife.
r.UTLER, Mo., Jan. 15.— Elijah and
Lincoln Haynes are distant relatives; Elijah
is a veteran of the late war and has a wif e (
eleven children and several grandchildren.
"Link," is a young man. Last Sunday
evening he eloped with Elijah's wife,
taking her youngest child with them. The
pair were taker, in charge by the officers at
Jefferson City, Mo., and are now in jail.
CROOKED WORK
AT SALT LAKE.
Winning Candidates for
Senator Accused of
Treachery.
ARTHUR BROWN'S COUP.
The Conditions Under Which
the Caucus Was Called
Were Ignored.
CARRIED THE WORKS BY STORM.
Nominated Before the Opposing Can
didates Could Swing Their
Forces Into Line.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 15.— The re
sult of the Republican caucus last night,
by which ex-Delegate Frank J. Cannon
and Arthur Brown were nominated for
United States Senators, was a great sur
prise. The call for the caucus expressly
stated that all that was expected of those
who signed it was that they attend, and
that no legislator would be bound by any
action taken. It was this condition that
induced the supporters of Colonel Trumbo,
Judge Charles C. Goodwin and C. S. Ya
rian to attend.
However, as George Q. Cannon and his
son were'the only Mormon candidates, and
as the former withdrew yesterday after
noon, it was proposed to go through the
form of nominating Frank. This was
purely perfunctory, as there was no oppo
sition. When it was done, the supporters
of Judge Bennett and Arthur Brown, in
violation of the call, sprung their contest,
as each side was confident of a majority
and wanted to gain the advantage. The
move was made 80 quickly that the ad
herents of other candidates seemed to be
dazed, and by unanimous consent it was
decided to vote and make the action bind
ing. No time was lost, and on a secret
ballot Brown received 24 votes and was de
clared the candidate, Bennett receiving 19.
The Legislature will not ballot until
next Tuesday, and there is a strong senti
ment in favor of ignoring the nominations,
except as to Cannon.
Judge Goodwin of the Tribune, who was
a candidate, says in a leading editorial
this morning that the nomination of
Brown will do the party no good localiy
or nationally, and that he possesses none
of the qualifications for a Senator; that
the legislators must have been seized with
a sudden madness, and that the whole
proceeding is a mistake. In spite of this
opposition, however, it is generally be
lieved that the caucus nomination will
stand.
Arthur Brown, who bids fair to be the
senior Senator from Utah, is 53 years of
age and was born near Kalamazoo, Mich.
He spent his boyhood on a farm, and after
an academic educatiou graduated at Ann
Arbor, afterward taking the law course.
He practiced law in Michigan with much
success from 1802 until 1879, when he
came to Utah and at once took a position
as one of the leaders of the bar. He was
one of the founders of the Republican
party in Utah, and has been active in
politics since the division on party lines
in 1891.
Brown's libel suit against the Salt Lake
Tribune last year attracted much atten
tion, it was very sensational and Brown
obtained a verdict for $3500. The next
morning the Tribune repeated its attacks
upon him and invited him to bring an
other suit, when he immediately did, this
time claiming $50,000. Biown is consid
ered one of the ablest lawyers in the West.
He is aggressive and fearless, and will
champion the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1.
Frank J. Cannon, who represents the
Mormon contingent although he ha? a
strong gentile following, was the last of
Utah's delegates to Congress and yielded
his seat in the House of Kepresentatives to
his successor, Congressman C. E. Allen,
less than two week 3 ago.
He was born in Salt Lake City in 1859
and was educated in the public schools of
that city, graduating from the University
of Utah at 18 years of age. When a boy he
worked on his father's farm and learned
the printers' art la the office of the Deseret
Ne .vs, then as now, the organ of the
Church of Latter-day Saints.
In 1878 Cannon married Miss Maitha
Brown, daughter of the late Bishop Francis
Brown of Ogden. The same year he went
to San Francisco and commenced repor
torial work on a morning paper. He held
this position several years, in fact, until
the paper on which he was employed pub
lished some adverse comments on his
father's course in the then troublous
formative period of Utah's history, when
be resigned. Shortly afterward he accom
panied Hon. John T. Came, the Utah dele
gate to Congress, to Washington, in the
capacity of private secretary. He per
formed a simile r office for Hon. George t^.
Cannon, his father, when that gentleman
was Utah's delegate.
Cannon was the editor and proprietor of
the Logan (Utah) Nation and later pur
chased the Ogden Standard. He has been
prominently connected with business and
political affairs in the Junction City since
1890, serving as a member of the City Coun
cil and being identified with the Utah
Loan and Trust Company. He is manager
of the Utah company and the Pioneer
Electric Power Company, both Utah en
terprises. He was active in procuring
statehood for Utah.
Cannon was one of the earliest advocates
of the division of the Mormon people on
party lines and was the standard-bearer of
the young Republican party of the Terri
tory in 1592, when he was defeated in the
race for Congress by J. L. Rawlins, Demo
crat. In 1894 the tables were reversed and
he succeeded Air. Rawlins as Delegate. He
made a tour of the State in the campaign
of 1895 in company with Heber M. Wells
and Clarence E. Allen, who were elected
Governor and Congressman, respectively,
in November.
SURPRISE AT WJLSHIXGTO2T.
Trtimho'a Defeat lieelared to lie a Piece
of Rnnh Ingratitude.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.-The
caucus selection of Utah Senators was an
interesting topic of discussion among Con
gressmen and Sci'&to- to-day. Themorn
ing papers had buc a bi.cf dispatch from
Salt Lake, announcing that Frank Can
non and Arthur lirown had been chosen,
but to-night's papers have more extended
accounts.
The selection of Brown was a surprise to
those who know something of affairs in
Utah, but Frank Cannon had given notice
to his associates in the House that he
would be chosen. The impression has
prevailed here recently that Colonel
Trumbo would be selected as one of the
Senators. Some of his friends declare
Trumbo's defeat to be a piece of rank in
gratitude. The colonel was well known to
the Senators, who remembered his efforts
with George Q. Cannon to pass the admis
sion bill through the Senate. They ex
pected that he would be rewarded for his
loyalty and services to the people of Utah,
and cannot understand why he failed to
be recognized.
Senator Allison of lowa is very friendly
to the colonel, and expressed his disap
pointment when he heard the news from
Utah. He said to-day : "I have personal
knowledge of the work that Colonel
Trumbo did to secure Utah's admission.
He is known to nearly every Senator, and
ever}' one of them knows that he worked
untiringly. lam not personally acquaint
ed with either of the gentlemen named by
the caucus, but if they are as zealous and
energetic and as faithful and loyal to Utah
as Colonel Trumbo has been, they will
make first-class Senators for the new
State."
Judge Carlton, formerly a member of
the Utah Commission, is in Washington.
"I haven't kept well posted on Utah
affairs recently," said he, "and certainly
have not sought to offer any advice to
Utah people in the regulation of their own
affairs."
HON. FRANK J. CANNON, INDORSED BY THE REPUBLICAN CAUCUS FOR
DOTTED STATES SENATOR FROM UTAH,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBA LIGHTED
BY THE TORCH
Insurgents Are Sparing
Crops But Burning
Towns.
PINAR PROVINCE TAKEN.
Union of the Island Forces Ex
pected to Take Place
Near Havana.
GAINING MANY RECRUITS.
I Campos' Wall of Troops Fails to Keep
Out the Patriots Under
Gomez.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 11 (via Key
i West, Fla., Jan. 15).— Gomez is fifteen
i miles south of here. Campos' wall of
troops has failed to keep him west. The
| situation is more grave than at any time
1 since the beginning of the war. Thou
, sands of troops have been thrown into the
! province of Havana, yet the destruction of
towns, residences and estates continues.
Many towns offering resistance are burned ;
! those surrendering are spared. Railroad
traffic in the entire island is paralyzed.
The insurgents since the invasion of the
western provinces have succeeded in avoid
l me a serious battle.
Probably a third of the cane on the isl
j and has been burned. Grinding has al-
I most entirely ceased. Gomez has issued
{ orders to stop burning cane, and if the
\ estates attempt grinding he will destroy
| the buildings and machinery. Owing to
| the friendliness of the tobacco-growers and
; workers the crop of tobacco has been
! spared. The insurgents now burn towns
instead of crops.
The Cubans claim that all the towns in
Pinar province have surrendered. Gomez
and Maceo have gained many recruits re
i cently. The eastern columns, under Jose
Maceo, R^bi and Cebreco, are coming
west. Cespedes, Carillo and Aguirre have
already reached Matanzas province. It is
expected a union of rebel forces will take
piace near Havana.
The censorship is most rigid. The
Havana papers have stopped publishing
extras. Cables are scrutinized and much
matter eliminated. Campos remains hero
and has no intention of resigning.
FAMILY OF FIGHTERS.
Father, Mother and Children Engage in
a Battle Over a Division of
Property.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenx., Jan. 15.— After
living together thirty years and rearing a
family of seven Joe P. Dove and wife, liv
ing near Jonesboro, recently decided to
quit and divide the family stake. Just
before entering upon the division one son,
sympathizing with the father, struck a
partisan of the mother a terrific blow, the
latter retorting; with two effective pistol
shots.
Another supporter of the father who
rushed in received a mortal wound in the
abdomen.
Then the father hurried to the conflict,
pistol in hand, and fired at the son who
had been doing the bombarding, but the
snot struck a daughter, inflicting a wound
from which she died. During the melee
the father was twice wounded, probably
fatally.
Believed to Have Seen Lost.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 15.— The Stag
Line steamship Laurastein, Captain Gavin,
is now believed to have been lost, with all
on board. She sailed from this port on
December 6, with a full cargo of grain, for
Siigo, Ireland, and should have reacned
her destination before Cliristmas.
Supervising Engineers Meet.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 15.— The
j forty-fourth annual conference of United
, States Supervising Engineers of steam ves
j sels is in session here. All members are
present cxce pt John Bermingharu of Cali«
fornia, who is expected Monday.2
STEPS INTO THE
SHOES OF BRICE
Ex-Governor Foraker Will
Represent Ohio in
the Senate.
HIS POLICY OUTLINED.
Declares It as His Purpose to
Work for Remonetization
of Silver.
PROTECTION AND RECIPROCITY.
He Favors a Guardianship of American
Industries and a Double
Standard.
COLUMBUS, Ohio., Jan. 13.— 1n the
joint se*:-ioh of the Senate and House at
noon to-day ex-Governor Foraker was de
clare : States Senator, to
•i Calvin S. Price. His term begins
March 4, 1897. In his speech to u:e
general assembly Mr. Foraker declared
that lie was in favor of protection to Acer
industries and reciprocity. On the
. he said :
•■I am in favor of ! im. I think
it was . . to demonetize silver, and
■ that some safe way may be found
to restore i: to ics proper place by the side
of j:old as a money metal."
ph Benson Foraker, elected Senator
from Ohio. was born near Rainsboro, High
land County, Ohio, on July 5. 1546. Dur
. ..- boyhood he worked on a farm. At
cc of 16 he left his employment and
• J as a private. He served in the
Army of the Cumberland until the
- of the war. When his regi
was mustered out he was serv
ing as aid-de-camp on General Slo
com's staff. He participated in all
the battles of the Cumberland except
.taxuauga, at which time he was em
lin detached service. At the close
of the war Foraker became a student at
Salem Academy, Ross County, Onio, and
io the fall of 1866 he entered the Ohio
Wesleyan University of Delaware, as a
freshman. He remained there two years
and then entered Cornell University,
where he was graduated in LB6Bin the first
In the fall of the same year he was
admitted to practice. He was Supervisor
of Elections in Cincinnati in 1878, In 1877
be was the unsuccessful candidate for
Common Pleas Judge. In April, I*7o, he
was elected to the Superior Court of Cin
cinnati. He resigned this position, after
holding it three years, on account of ill
l.ealth. The n'rst time he was the Repub
candidate io- Governor of Ohio he
was defeated by George Hoadley. lie was
successful in LBt ■". Foraker was
married :.. ■ I a daughter of ex-Con-
ere>sman Hezekiah K. Bundy and is the
father of a family.
A LLla OS'S h<> OM I. A V.S'CHED.
loir. i Republican* J-'artnaXly Open the
Campaign for Their favorite.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—
Allison Presidential boom was formally
launched to-day, when nearly every mem
ber of the lowa delegation now in Wash
ington met to organize. It is understood
that this meeting was held with the full
knowledge and sanction of Senator Alli
son.
General David B. Henderson, Represent
ative in Congress, Senator Gear and Repre
sentative Hepburn were appointed a coni-
B to take charge of Allison's inter-
ests in Washington, and they will co
operate with the lowa Republican commit
tee, which is now working up the Allison
boom. General Henderson said to a Call
correspondent to-night:
"Our delegation is unanimous for Alli
son. Our State committee is a unit for
him, a:id the people of lowa are for him.
He is our favorite son. Not only that, but
you will rind he wili be the favorite of the
majority of the delegates in the conven
tion."
Senator Perkins said to a Call corre
spondent to-night: "Allison is my favor
ite for Presid.-nt. He is a safe man,
broad-gauged, big-brained, big-hearted,
conservative ye: courageous. He will
make a magnificent candidate."
A Call correspondent was at the head
quarters of Chairman Harrity of tne
Kttttonal Democratic Committee at the
Arlington Hotel, and among those present
were J. K. Kicharuson, lowa's National
Democratic Committeeman. Harrity re
marked to him: "I hear a good deal of
talk of a favorable nature about Allison.
He seems to be in the lead for the nomina
tion."
■Yes," replied Richardson, "and I be
lieve he will be the Republican nominee."
Both men aereed that Allison would
make the strongest candidate that Repub
licans could nominate.
ALLISOS XOMIXATED.
lowa Republicans Insure Hi* Re-Elec-
tion to the Senate.
DES HOIKSB, lowa, Jan. 15.- The joint
caucus of Republicans of the House and
Senate was the only interesting event in
the Legislature to-day. It was to nomi
nate a candidate for United States Senator,
and William B. Allison, senior Senator,
was nominated Ly acclamation to succeed
himself.
There was great enthusiasm and the
House was packed. Senator Allison was
in the city and was escorted to the hall by
a committee. He was given an ovation
and introduced to the caucus as the next
President of the United States. He had
been named in the same way by each of
the speakers who had made or seconded
his nomination.
in accepting Mr. Allison expressed his
thanks for this, his fifth nomination to the
Senate, and spoke of the important duties
that, especially in the present crisis of Na
tional affairs, are Incident to the office.
He declared in ringing terms that the Na
tional honor and the National credit must
be sustained at any cost. This was his
nearest reference to his own Presidential
aspiialfrcs
JUOSTAXA STORM-snEPT.
Cattle on the Ranges Hill Suffer Because
of the. Snotefall.
HELENA, Mont., Jan 13.— The worst
storm in several years is raging in Mon
tana. The thermometer throughout the
State to-day ranged from 8 to oO degrees
below zero, with snow three to twenty-five
inches deep and still falling. Cattlemen
on the ranges have great fears for tl.e
safety of their The ranges are Jow
from the dry summer, and unless a chi
nook melts the snow soon thousands of
head will perish of starvation.
*'BILL" UOOLIX CAPTURED.
An Oklahomi Outlatc ITitii a Long lice-
ovtl of Crime.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 15. — United
States Marshal Nix received a telegram
to-day announcing that his posse of depu
ties had captured the notorious Oklahoma
outlaw. "Bill" Doolin. at Eureka Springs,
Ark. Doolin's record in the line of rob
beries of individuals and banks, train
hold-uus, murders and outrages of the
worst kind have placed him in the class
with the James brothers, "Bill"' Dalton
aad Cherokee Bill.
jcxuiius or tuespiass.
American Actors and Actresses to Leave
for Australia.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 15.— There will
be an exodus of American actors and act
resses to Australia during the coming
spring. George Musgrove of the firm of
Williamson it Musgrove, the most promi
nent theatrical managers in Australia, has
been in this cily for several weeks lookinc
for attractions for his playhouses. He
said yesterday that he had already closed
contracts for sending four companies
across the Pacific, and that he honed to
secure several more.
"Trilby" will be the first to co. The
company, including several of the prin
cipals in A. M. Palmer's original company,
will sail from San Francisco on March 5,
and will open at the Princess Theater in
Melbourne. Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew
will follow on April 30, and will open at
the Lyceum in Sydney.
"A Trip to Chinatown" will be the first
of Charles H. Hoyt's comedies to visit
Australia. The company will sail on May
-?, and will also open at the Ly
ceum in Sydney. Probably the most
important of Mr. Musgrove's engage
ments, however, is that of Nat C. Good
win, who is booked for a twelve weeks'
season in the island continent. He, with
his supporting company, will sail from
San Francisco on Jane 25. He will also
open at the Lyceum in Sydney.
"This is really opening ui> a new field
for American managers and stars," said
Mr. Musjrove. '"Your season here closes
in May or June, while ours in Australia is
just then opening. The trip will be a pleas
ant one. and I have no doubt that if Mr.
Goodwin and the others we take over this
summer prove successful— and for my part
I am sure they will— many more will be
eager to follow their example next year." 1
Til IP J-V JL J?ir r JIY CBA.FT.
Captain Frirtuch Contemplating a PpriJ-
ous Voyage Ground the World.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 15.— Captain
Adolph Frietsch, who last year safely
crossed the ocean in the sloop Nina, a tiny
craft constructed by himself, is contem
plating a more dangerous feat. He now
proposes to circumnavigate the world in a
vessel of a similar model.
Frietsch says he will sail eastward from
New York and return to this port by the
way of Cape Horn, a feat never under
taken before in a craft of such small di
mensions as the one in which the ad
venturer proposes to cast his fortunes.
In the Nina, a 10-foot sloop, with none
but himself on board. Frietsch made the
trip from Sandy Hook to the Irish coast
in thirty-four days and three hours.
BOWERS SCORES SUTRO
Declares the Mayor Is Aiding
the Funding Bill by His
Course.
Senators and Representatives Take
Offense at Insinuations of
Eribery.
WABHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— Copies
of the San Francisco Evening Report, con
taining an editorial article attacking Rep
resentative Bowers for his recent statement
concerning the Pacific roads, have been
received by many members of Cor.
It seems that Mr. Bowers, in a recent issue
of a San Francisco paper, expressed the
hope that the opposition to Huntington's
funding biil would send representative
business men here and not ward politi
cians or political adventurers.
The Report criticised him for this and
declared that Bowers was "a slippery
Congressman," whose actions would bear
watciiing when the funding bill came up.
Mr. Bowers, in an interview to-day, re
taliated by saying:
"Please wire that Mr. Bowers is con
gratulated by many members of Congress,
who dpciare he has taken the correct posi
tion. The red-letter skull-and-erossbones
literature that the Sutro syndicate is bom
barding us with is offensive to members of
Congress, who resent and repel the insinu
ation of attempts to bribe individual
members and committees of Congress.
These sandlotters don't represent the
people. What do Congressmen care what
Huntington did thirty years ago?
"What does anybody care? The only
effect of this kind of campaigning is to help
funding-bill promoters. Senators nave
also told me (and among them Senator
Whit«) that such methods are not eftective
here."
Senator White said: "There is some
danger that the circular business may be
overdone. In justice to Mr. Bowers it may
be said that no one of his colleagues
believes that he is not as strongly opposed
to the funding bill as any member of Con
gress."
Judge Barham said to-night: "I have
talked with Bowers and know that he is
strongly opposed to the funding bill."
Representative McLachlan corroborated
Judge Barnaul's statement.
XORIBERX PACIFIC CASE.
Question of Judicial Jurisdiction Argued
nt Wasliiiirituit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— Ex-
Senator Spooner this morning resumed his
argument before Justices Field, Harlan,
Brewer and Brown on the Northern Pa
cific question that some Judge be recog
nized as having primary jurisdiction
in the appointment of receivers, etc..
thus doing away with the conflict of
authority between the courts. Spooner's
argument mainly shows the original
jurisdiction of Judge Jenkins, before
whom the first proceedings in the present
litigation were brought.
Ex-Senator Spooner followed G. V>\
Pettit in behalf of the Northern Pacific
corporation. Pettit arjrued in favor of
the D. strict Court of Washington as the
primary jurisdiction. Choate, represent
ing the bondholders, closed the argu
ment, and contended that the raii
road company was, in honor and law,
stopped from denying the right to Judge
Jenkins to exercise the power of primary
jurisdiction after having acquiesced in it
nearly two years.
Counsel were required to prepare in the
course of the day the iorm of order that
they desired to have made in the prem
ises and lile it with the other papers ia the
case.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
The Fortifications of Havana— From the Latest Charts in Possession of the Initetl States Javal Department.
PLEAS FOR THE
AGED VETERANS.
Cleveland's Pension Policy-
Assailed in the
House.
GROWS RINGING WORDS.
The Venerable Statesman Resents
the Interference of the
Executive.
HIS DICTATORSHIP REBUKED.
Congress Urged to Resist the Con
tinual Invasion Upon Its
Prerogatives.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— As was
the case on Tuesday, the most striking
event of the days proceedings in tue
House occurred just previous to adjonrn
ment. The venerable ex-Speaker, Galusha
A. Grow, Representative-at-large from the
State of Pennsylvania, inspired by a col
loquy between Messrs. Pickier (R.) of
South DaKo'.a and W. A. Stone (R.) of
Pennsylvania as to the probable action of
the President upon a general revision of
the pension law, protested earnestly
against the encroachment by the head of
the executive department of the Govern
ment or by any of his clerks upon the pre
rogatives of the House. He referred es
pecially to the circulation at the last ses
sion of Congress of a bill headed "the Sec
retary of the Treasury's bill, 1 ' and to the
reading of a letter by Wilson just as the
House was about to vote upon the tariff
biil.
The greater part of the session was de
voted to tne discussion of the pension ap
propriation Dill, various members criticiz
ing the administration of the Pension Bu
reau. Watsn (D.) of New York united
With his coileauue (Cummings) in i
ing the House that the Democrats of New
York approved a liberal pension policy.
He invoked the chivalry of the members
from the South, which he said had never
been appealed to in vain, to vote for the
bill and the amendment proposed by the
committee and aid in making comfortable
the widows of those who met them in the
lield in open and honorable conflict.
\Y. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania, in
charge of the bill, gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask to consider the bill
under the nve-minute rule, with a view of
reaching a vote before adjournment.
In the morning hour the House adopted
a resolution reported by Johnson (R.) of
Indiana from Elections Committee 2, con
firming the right of George B. McCiellan
to the seat he holds in the House as the
Representative from the Twelitii New
York District, the contest therefor having
been abandoned by Robert H.Chesebrough,
the Republican candidate.
Senate bills were passed amending the
land grant for future acts as to purchases
of land, included within the forfeited grants
to purchasa segregated tracts up to a maxi
mum limit of 320 acres, and to grant an
American registry to the steamer Miami,
rebuilt from the British steamer Nerito.
After routine business, on motion of W.
A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania, the com
mittee of the whole resumed consideration
of the general pension bill, Dingley (R.)
of Maine in the chair.
Morse (R.) of Massachusetts announced
that he would offer at the proper time an
amendment to the bill giving the widow
of a soldier the minimum pens:on of $12 a
month, notwithstanding that the soldier
died from disease not contracted in the
service.
Brief speeches were made by LaceyJ(R.)
of lowa, who, with McCall of Tennessee,
opposed the adoption of the Graff amend
ment as not tending to further the best
interest of the pensioners; Milnes (R.) of
Michigan, Crowther (R.) of Missouri,
Lowe (R.) of New York, Hows (K.) of New
York, Scalding (R.) of Michigan, who
raised a laugh by saying that the only ele
ment not satisfied with the result of the
war of the Rebellion were the non-com
batants, North and South; Treadwell (E.)
of Indiana and Pickler (R.) of South
Dakota, who urged the necessity of a gen
eral revision of the pension laws so as to
insure a radical change in the administra
tion of the i J ension Bureau.
This evoked a query from W. A. Stone
(R.) of Pennsylvania as to whether or n"~
Pickler believea the President would sign
a bill containing such amendments as he
proposed, and whether or uot it was not.
better to take what they could probably
get as a ri.ler to an appropriation bill
rather than to risk getting nothing. To
this Pickler replied that he did not know
what the President would no; but he did
know that the House should do its duty
regardless of the attitude or action of the
President. [Applause.]
Apropos to this colloquy, the venerable
ex-Speaker Grow (R.) of Pennsylvania,
addressed the House brieriy upon the ne
cessity of resentine the encroachment
upon its prerogatives by the executive.
He said under long established par
liamentary law it has always been re
garded as an invasion of the prerogatives
of Parliament for any one to refer in his
discussion to the opinion of the king on
any question pending before it.
A member— ls Mr. Cleveland the king?
Grow — In reference to matters of this
kind he occupies the same relation to the
houses of Congress that the sovereign in
Great Britain does to Parliament. The
President exercises the veto power.
"In the last Congress we had before us
on one occasion a bill headed 'The bill of
the Secretary of the Treasury.' What has
that officer to do with presenting a bill in
this House? We have had here attempts
by the Secretaries of the different depart
ments to influence legislation. They have
sent in here letters to be read with refer
ence to pending measures. And, in one
case, a letter was read here from the Presi
dent of the United States having reference
to a measure then pending in the House
and just about to be voted upon. I trust
such practices will be discontinued.
"This House owes it to itself to make
the President understand that he has
nothing to do with true action of this legis
lative body till a bill, formally passed, is
presented to him for his approval. ' Ap
plause.] Only in that contingency has he
the right to express his approval or dis
approval. Xor has any one of the heads
of the departments, except the Secretary
of the Treasury, the right to communicate
his views uninvited to this House. That
officer may renort to this House on im
portant questions affecting the revenues ;
but when he sends here a bill headed, 'The
bill of the Secretary of the Treasury' the
House owes it to itself to return that bill
to him and to say that he cannot invade
in that way the prerogatives of this body.
No more can the President of the United
States by having a letter read here on an
important measure.
"I am weli aware that the majority in
the House to-day would take no orders
from the present executive, and it is not in
that view that I am raising this question.
I simply submit that the legislative de
partment of the United States owes it to
itself to resent any action on the part of
the executive to influence the vote of this
House on pending legislation."
Stone gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask the House to proceed with the
consideration of the bill under the tive
minute rule, with the expectation of reach
ing a vote before adjournment. The com
mittee then rose and at 4:05 o'clock the
House adjourned.
TANK FOR NAVAL TESTS.
Representative Hilborn's Bill in
Aid of Government Ship-
Builders.
Provides for a Miniature Sea in Which
Model Vessels Can Ma
neuver.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.—Repre
sentative Uilborn to-day introduced a bill
providing that the Secretary of the Navy
be directed to establish a model tank with
all proper appliances for the purpose of
investigating and determining the most
suitable and desirable shapes and forms to
be adopted for United States naval vessels.
This model tank shall be located at Wash
ington upon such Government reservation
already under control of the Navy Depart
ment as the Secretary may designate, and
shall be built upon plans approved by him.
A naval constructor shall, under the direc
tion of tne Bureau of Construction and
Repair of the Navy Department, have
cnarge of the model tank and all work
done in connection with it.
At this model tank experiments may be
made for private ship-builders upon au
thorization of the Secretary, provided that
the cost of material and of labor of per
diem employes in making sucii experi
ments shall be defrayed by private ship-
Ouilders; and provided further, that the
results of such experiments shall be re
garded as confidential and shall not be
divulged without the consent of the ship
builder for whom tney may be made.
The bill appropriates $100,000 for this
purpose. Representative Hilborn is a
member of the Naval Affairs Committee.
He said to-night:
"It is claimed by the best naval author
ities that of all problems about a steam
ship the only one at the present time
incapable of being solved by a priori
methods in extreme cases are those of speed
and power. No ability and no training
will enable even the most skillful naval
architect to overcome the want of an ex
perimental tank. At present such tanks
have been established by the Governments
of England, Italy and Rassia, and have
proven highly successful."
DENOUNCE THE
ISSUE OF BONDS
Mills and Peffer Deliver
Set Speeches in the
Senate.
USE OF SILVER URGED.
Bitter Denunciation by the Texan
of the National Bank
System.
THE PRESIDENT ASSAILED.
Statutory Authority for the Adminis
tration's Financial Acts Is
Denied.
"WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. Xs.— The
Senate listened to-day to two long speeches
against the further issue of United States
bonds and in favor of the use of silver
money. The first was made by Mills (D.)
of Texas and the second by Peffer (Pop.)
of Kansas. Mills' speech was bitterly de
nunciatory of the National bank sys
tem, and an arraignment of the financial
policy of the President and of the Secretary
of the Treasury, while Peffer denied that
there was any authority in existing stat
utes for the issue of United States bonds.
Although the Kansas Senator spoke for
two hours and a quarter he did not con
clude all that he desired to say, preferring
to go on with the remainder of his speech
to-morrow.
On the same general subject a joint reso
lution was introduced by Fugh (D.) of Ala
bama, beii:;? a reproduction of what is
known as the Stanley Matthews resolu
tion, declaring all Government bonds
payable, principal and interest, at the
pleasure of the Government in standard
silver dollars. Pugh said he would ask a
vote on the resolution to-morrow without
debate, but subsequently he said he would
not ask a vote until Monday.
The Senate at 4:25 adjourned until to
morrow, with the understanding that the
adjournment to-morrow would be until
Monday.
A bill heretofore introduced by Allen
(Fop.) of Nebraska and then referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to
prevent United States citizens from accept
ing titles or patents of nobility from
foreign nations, was reported back to-day
from the committee adversely and was
postponed indefinitely.
A. joint resolution appropriating $75,000
to defray the joint expenses of locating
the boundary line between Alaska and tlie
British North American territory vras
passed.
The resolution offered yesterday by
Mills (D.) of Texas in favor of the coinage
of silver and for other purposes was taken
up and Mills addressed the Senate. The
real force behind the controversy and
which bad been urging It on for years
was, he said, the National banks, which
claimed that the prerogative of coining
and issuing money, which necessarily be
longed to the Government, really belonged
to them and that they must exercise tho
prerogative of contracting and expanding
the currency and of changing the standard
of value as might suit their personal in
terests.
At considerable length, and with his
usual display of fervor in manner and
language, Mills reviewed the history of
the National bank system and argued
in iavor of abolishing it, quoting from the
platforms of political parties in several
States against the National banks and
against bank-note circulation, which, he
said, cost the people $100,000 a year. He
expressed hia regret at having" to differ
with the President m his recommendation
to cancel and withdraw Government cir
culation and to substitute bank circu'ation
ior it.
Criticizing the recommendations of the
President to fund the greenbacks and
treasury notes in interest-bearing bonds,
Mills declared that the teaching was con
trary to that of all the parties who had
elected Presidents. On this point he con
trasted the viewa of President Cleveland
with thoße of President Washington— "a
patriot President, not a political Presi
dent," he said, who recommended the
payment of the existing National debt
and the avoidance of new debts.
Summing up the views expressed by
Jefferson, Madison, Jackson, Van Buren,
Buchanan and other great men of the past,
he declared that it bad been the Demo
cratic policy from the organization of the
party to pay the public debt and to keep
the resources of the country from being
incurabered by taxation.
"Shall we now," he exclaimed, "turn
around, retrace our steps, establish, for
tify aud keep a moneyed aristocracy in
this country and stop the vain effort to
maintain free institutions and transmit
them unimpaired to our children?"
Mills stated that the Government had
always made its bonds redeemable after a
certain time, or at its pleasure. "But
now," he continued, "we hear our Presi
dent and our Secretary of the Treasury
asking not only for bonds, but bonds to
be sold for gold— for lon^ time bomls."
"Filty-year bonds," Cockrell (D.) of
Missouri prompted.
"Fifty-year bonds," Mills repeated.
"That means 50,000 years. It means a
debt never to be paid. The party," he ex
claimed passionately, "that dares to go
before the country in the coming cam
paign and that has the honesty to write in
its platform that it is in favor of maintain
ing a public debt as a pedestal on wnich to
build a National banking system will be
swept out of existence with a storm of in
dignation."
Mills closed his speech at 2 p. M., and
then the bond bill, with the silver substi
tute reported from tue Finance Commit
tee, was taken up and Peffer (Pop.) ad
dressed the Senate. Peffer yielded the
floor temporarily to Pugh (D.) of Alabama,
who offered a joint resolution declaring,
after many whereases, that all the bonds
of the United States issued under the act
of March 18, 1869, July 14, 1570, and Janu
ary 14, 1875, were payable, principal and
interest, at the pleasure of the Govern
ment in standard silver dollars. He said
that the joint resolution was an exact copy
of the Stanley Matthews resolution, wnich
passed both houses in 187S by a two-thirds
vote, and that he would ask a vote on it
to-morrow without debate.
For a public officer, Peffer declared, to
assume authority to bond the people of
the whole country without a specific act
of legislative authority was a great public
crime. It was not his business nor his
purpose to intimate that there was any
improper motive on the part of the Presi
dent or the Secretary of the Treasury, or
that they did not believe that they were at
least justified by the language of such
statutory provisions as they could find, to
ao what they had done. Nevertheless he
believed — and he thought he would make
it appear — that there had been no need of
hast* and they had been simply bowing
the head a little lower to the power which
was cursing the people of the country and
the people of the world. He cast some
ridicule upon the argument as to the
maintenance of the parity between gold
and silver and said :
"When the Populists come into power
we wiil arrange that parity satisfactorily,
at least to some people.'
'That will be," Hoar (R.) of Massachu
setts remarked, "'after the millennium."
"The millennium is approaching now,"
said Peffer, confidently, "so that we will
not have long to wait."
"I am afraid," Hoar remarked, "that
the coming in power of the Populists will
be after the times spoken of in the Revela
tion, when the millennium is over and
when Satan will hold forth."
"We are the rtvelators," Peffer ex
claimed, and then he went on with his
speech. After he had spoken two hours
and a quarter Peffer said he would prefer
to go on with his speech to-morrow. On
the motion of Walcott (R.) of Colorado it
was agreed that when the Senate adjourn
to-morrow it adjourn till Monday next.
Pugh (D.) of Alabama stated that on
account of the absence of several Senators
he would not call up his resolution (the
Stanley Matthews measure) until Monday
next. After a short executive session the
Senate at 4:25 p. m. adjourned until to
morrow.
VICTORIA TO THE PORTE
Sultan Abdul Hamid Receives
an Autograph Letter From
the Queen.
The Missive Presented at a Private
Audience to Sir Philip
Currie.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 15.— A dispatch
from Constantinople says that Sir Phiiip
Curne, the British Einbassador to Turkey,
was granted a private audience by the
Sultan to-day, and presented to his Ma
jesty an autograph letter from Queea Vic
toria.
THE I'OJiTE BEASSUIiED.
Additional American Warships Sot Dit
patrhed to Turkey.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Tuesday,
Jan. 14.— The Porte gives out the state
ment that the United States Government
has informed Mavroyeni Bey, Turki&h
Minister at Washington, that no United
States war vessels have been ordered to
Eastern waters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.— The
United Press cable from Constantinople
stating that the Turkish Minister there
Had been informed by the United States
Government that no additional warships
had been ordered to Turkish waters was
probably based on a communication made
to Mavroyeni Bey by Secretary Olney on
Thursday last, when the Turkish represen
tative visited the State Department Mr.
Olney this afternoon declined to say any
thing on the subject.
The announcement of the Porte is prac
tically of little interest, excepting in so far
as it officially confirms the feeling in naval
circles that no orders have oeen issued to
Rear-Admiral Bunce to send any of the
vessels now under his command to Hamp
ton Roads. Notwithstanding this it is
understood to be true that the project of
sending a portion, at least, of Admiral
Bunce's fleet to the Levant has been con
sidered by the President and his advisers.
That no formal action has been taken as
the result of this consideration does not
necessarily mean that the project has
been abandoned, for the fleet is still held in
home waters, although nearly a month has
passed since the date set for its departure
for a cruise in the West Indies.
Life
Is misery to thousands of people who have
the taint of scrofula in their blood. Hap-
piness returns when the scrofulous taim'ia
eradicated and cured by the One True
Blood Purifier,
Sarsaparilla
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.. Lowell, Man.
HnnH'c Dalle cure habitual constips.-
'*"3", S filiation. Price «Sc per box.
COLLAPSE OF
THE SYNDICATE.
Morgan Dissolves the Band
of Bond-Cornering
Bankers.
SMALL BIDDERS HEARD.
Evidence That the Whole-Issue-or-
None Ultimatum Was
Not Effective.
CHEERING CIRCULAR ISSUED.
The Leader Admits That the Loan Will
Be a Success Without
the Syndicate*
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— The mem
bers of the Government bond syndicate re
ceived this morning a circular letter from
J. P. Morean releasing them from their
commitments to furnish their pro-rata
share of $100,000,000 in gold to the Govern
ment, and a second $100,000,000 if desira
ble, taking their pay therefor in 4 per cent
bonds. The circular sets forth that this
action seems desirable in view of the terms
of the treasury circular offering the bonds
to the public.
'•The amount of bonds offered by the
Secretary of the Treasury made a syndi
cate contract, owing to the minimum
therein fixed, available only to a bid for
all or none," says Morgan's circular. "I
should be unwilling to make such a bid
under present circumstances, as I might
thus seem to present for consideration by
the Secretary of the Treasury the throw
ing out of smaller bids made in good faith,
under the public call. The only emer
gency which would justify such a course
would oe the failure of the public to re
spond to the call of the Government.
"Subscriptions by individuals and others,
including many of the syndicate, whom I
have encouraged to subscribe, from pres
ent indications insure the complete success
of the issue. Therefore I feel that the
time for announcing the dissolution of the
syndicate has arrived, and official notice to
that effect is accordingly issued. I feel
perfectly satisfied that there is no question
as to the success of the loan in spite of the
dissolution of the syndicate. There will
still be more or less concert action among
them as large individual bidders for the
loan."
MODIFIES THK CALL.
Additional Bond. Circular Issued by Sec
retary Carlisle.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. Secre
tary Carlisle to-night issued the following
additional circular regarding the subscrip
tion to 4 per cent bonds:
Treasury Department, Office op Secre-J
tary, Washington, Jan. 15, 1896. j
Treasury circular 31,896. dated January 6,
1896, inviting proposals for the "purchase of
£100,000,000 of United States 4 per cent bonds,
is hereby so modified that after tne payment of
the first installment of 20 per cent with ac
crued interest, as required in said circular,
the remainder of the amounts bid may be paid
in installments of 10 per cent each and ac
crued interest at the end of fifteen days there
after, but all accepted bidders may pay the
whole amount of their bids at the time of the
first installment, and accepted bidders who
have paid all installments previously maturing
may pay the whole amount of their bids at
any time not later than the maturity of the
last installment.
Accepted bidders who pay the whole amount
at the time of the first installment, or at any
date thereafter, as above provided!, will be en
titled to receive at the date of the payment the
whole amount of bonds awarded to them, and
accepted bidders who pay by installments w:ll
be entitled to receive at the dates of such pay.
ruents the amount of bonds paid for.
J. G. Carlisle, Secretary of the Treasury.
Sentenced to Be Hanged.
FORT SMITH, Abk., Jan. 15.— Crawford
Goldsby, alias Cherokee Bill, the convicted
murderer, wa3 to-day sentenced to be
hanged on the 17th inst.
----- _ NEW TO-DAT.
'~ '" ■ i ~ j ~--'-"-" — -> ■ ■ ■•■ ....-..._.._ . — -. -.. .. ..^
It's Raining In Frisco.
"Oh, I Eay, old chap, heard about Roos
Bros.' latest ?— giving $2 Parisian Writing
Portfolios free with every $10 purchase."
•'Really?— lt wouldn't be a bad idea to
get our new top coats there, eh ?"
"I'm with you, deah boy."
Just now we're selling Overcoats, Testers, Full-
Dress Suits, Tuxedos and. Business Suits or the
famous Brokavr Bros, and Rogers, Peet i Co.'s
make at about 1/3 the S. F. tailors' price. It's an
exceptional opportunity.
Try our Mail Order Department.
RIGGS HOUSE,
\j\s asliington, 3D. C
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of the KatfoMl Capital, First class in all appola*.
ments. U. DkWITT. Treaa.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward. , . \V- ;
/^^^.Gibbon's Dispensary,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
- ■• 'nJßWrlHWilliim'iiitiiiipiii n . ....■'■CHICAGO LEADS
IN THE CONTEST
Democrats Likely to Agree
Upon the Queen of
the Lakes.
A LIVELY STRUGGLE ON.
Pacific Coast Delegates Favor St.
Louis and Oppose
New York.
CINCINNATI HAS A CHANCE.
Claims of San Francisco Will Be Pre
sented if Californians
So Will.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 15.— The
corncLrs of the Arlington Hotel are filled
to-night with crowds of politicians, who
are eagerly discussing the prospects of the
various cities which are contending for
convention honors.
The New York people retain the same
air of confidence they have worn ail day,
and seem fully satisfied that they cannot
be beaten. They are claiming twenty-four
vo:es, onn more than they expected this
afternoon, and believe that when the
break-up comes and the weaker claimants
drop out df the light they will receive
enough additional votes to give them a
majority. They appreciate the fact that
the West and Sooth generally are bitterly
<• to t he Eastern metropolis, but they
beiieve tiiat this hostility will disappear in
part when they have made a demonstra
tion of their strength.
Their ranks were re-e:iforced to-night by
the arrival of the members of the citizens'
committee, which is a non-partisan body,
headed by l^idor Strauss, whicn reached
the Arlington at 0 o'clock. A delegation
from Tammany Hall, which arrived simul
taneously, is <}uartere<l at the Shoreham.
The M. Louis contingent spent a busy
day, and some of their representatives have
met personally every member of the com
mittee in the city. They don't regard New
York as a serious competitor, believing
that the support of the city will speedily
disintogr.ite after a few ballots. They be
lieve tiiut their only real competitor is
Chicago, ;u;d make no secret of their ap
- in this particular.
::cipal argument, aside from the
ai advantages of their city, is the
upon the free silver men of locating
the convention in Missouri. Whatever
platform is adopted, especially if it be un
iriendly to siiver, will be accepted, they
say. by the advocates of the white metal,
provided the convention be held in
,;ri. while it wouid be repudiated by
the same element if made in New York
the beiief that it was iuspired by
:reet influence.
At a late hour to-night there was some
consternation in the ranks of the tit.
ins over the reports that Senators
Gorman and Brice and Chairman Harrity
were working against them. At the hour
at which this dispatch is written (11
o'clock) some of the Missourians are dis
couraged at the outlook and disposed to
believe that the right is lost. The majority
of the delegation, however, are lull of
pluck and say that the reported opposition
of Senator Gorman merely inspires renewed
efforts.
A delegation of seven citizens of Chicago
arrived at 5 o'clock and proceeded at once
to the parlors reserved for them at the
Arlington. Excepting Mr. Kosenthal, who
arrived several days ago, they are the first
-•■nUtives of Chicago to put in an
appearance. When asked why the dele
was so long delayed, they replied
bad no intention of log-rolling or
buttonholing members, and that conse
was unnecessary to arrive
y added that they intended
acquainting the committee to-morrow with
the la' t that they desired the convention,
and that if the committee sent it there
would furnish guarantees of their
se to properly care for it. Beyond
they continued, the Chicago repre
fcentatives would do notbing.
It is obviou?, notwithstanding Chicago's
tivity, that the city is well regarded
by the members of the National Commit
tee, and there are not wanting tho.-e who
Lave no direct interest in Chicago who be
lieve that the Lake City will to-morrow
bear off the convention nonors.
At a late hour this afternoon a confer
ence of live influential members of the
National Committee was held to deter
mine in advance, if possible, the place at
which the convention shall be held, in
order to avoid the friction which it is
feared may result if a spirited contest
arises at to-morrow's meeting. The con
ference was composed of Messrs. Harrity
of Pennsylvania, Wallace of Washington,
Cable of Illinois, Emalley of Vermont and
one or two others. Those who partici
pated were extremely reticent, but it was
asserted that all of tiie number favor Chi
cago, and the result of the report waa ut
to give a great boom to Chicago
stock.
It is believed that before morning the
leading members will agree upon one of
the cities to which their influence will be
thrown, and it is regarded as reasonably
certain that their conclusions will be
adopted by a majority of the members.
The Cincinnati delegation/as was stated
in to-day's dispatches, are pitying a wait
ing game, and hope to become the second
choice of a sufficient number of the com
mittee to win. They believe that if St.
■lrops out of the race, the major part
of the strength will go to Cincinnati.
New York will be placed in nomination
to-morrow by G. Waldo Smith, represent
ing the business interests of the city; by
Simon Ford, representing the hotel men
and by Colonel John K. Feilows. Senator
Vest and ex-Governors Stone and Francis
will present Bt Louis' claims. Messrs.
Inpalls and Foilett will speak for Cincin
nati, while A. A. Goodrich will perform a
similar service for Chicago.
M. F. Tarpey, California's representative
on the Democratic National Committee,
■nt his proxy to Senator White and
he will attend the committee meeting to
morrow and vote it for St. Louis. Hesaid
to a Cau. correspondent to-night:
"I think the selection of St. Louis would
■nit our California Democrats better than
any other city before the committee. I
certainly shall not vote for New York. It
is too far away, and it would not bs good
policy to hold the convention there for
other reasons. If St. Louis cannot win,
then I will vote for some other city — either
Cincinnati or Chicago. But it must be
understood that Pacific Coast coimnittee
raen will all vote for San Francisco if our
people are determined to make an effort to
take it there. I am not certain yet whether
I shall present San Francisco or not. It
depends upon advices I expected to re
ceive by wire from California. If they re
quest it, I will present San Francisco, and
do my best to get votes for her, but I think
the attempt to take the convention there
would be useless."
SOO* TO HE WEEDED.
General Harrison Frequently Seen in
Mrs. Itiminirk's Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 15.— General
Harrison manages to spend a portion of
each day while here in the company of his
reported fiancee, Mrs. Dimmick. Last
night the couple eluded the newspaper
men, and occupied parquet seats at the
Lyceum Theater, listening to Pinero's
"The Beneiit of a Debt." After the
performance they were recognized, but
they skillfully avoided congratulations
and some embarrassment by escaping
through the manager's room to the street.
The feeling in the social circles in which
the Harrisons move is that the wedding ol
the ex-President and Mrs. Dimmick will
take place at no distant day. It Is be
lieved that all the family are now recon-
I ciled. When Secretary Tibbetts was ques
tioned about the matter he answered,
'"General Harrison never does anything in
a. clanestine way,'" which was interpreted
to mean that a formal announcement will
be made of the marriage.
BELCHING FIRE AND LAVA.
Kilauea Volcano on the Island of
Hawaii Is Again in
Eruption.
A Molten Lake Formed by the Volume
Spewed by the Monster
Crater.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 9.— The
steamer Kinau from Hawaii brought wel
come news to tourists, hotel.keepers and
people generally that. Kilauea Volcano
was once more in a state of eruption.
The renewed activity in the pit was first
observed from the Volcano House on Fri
day, January 3, and at a few minutes be
fore midnight the molten lava burst forth,
and by morning a burning lake about 200
feet deep had been formed.
In extent the pool of fire was about 200
feet wide and 250 long. Since Friday the
lake has been steadily and slowly rising,
and as it does so it spreads over a larger
surface. At last accounts it was about 450
feet below the floor of the main crater, the
nearest point from which it can be seen by
visitors.
The illumination caused by the sudden
eruption was plainly visible at Hilo, thir
ty-one miles distant.
Peter Lee, the resident manager of the
Volcano Hotel, and the oldest resident of
the vicinity of the volcano, says that on
the night of January 3, at 11:30 o'clock, a
faint reddish glare appeared above the
crater at Kilauea.
The glow became brighter and brighter
until the clouds were suffused with a bril
liant red and this fiery banner hunt out in
the skies announced to the inhabitants of
Hawaii for many miles around that Pele
nad returned to resume her reign.
A trip of inspe ction by Mr. Lee on the
morning and afternoon of the 4th con
t'rmed the indication of the previous
nisht. A lake of molten lava, say 250 or
000 feet in diameter, was in active ferment.
Considering the fact that this crater has
for some time appeared practically bot
tomless, the rise of lava in so short a-time
to within 400 feet of the floor of the main
crater seems perfectly marvelous.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Perkins' Bill for a Monument in
Memory of Commodore
Sloat.
Telegrams Asking for Aid in Behalf
of Americans Arrested in
the Transvaal.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 15.— A bill
has been prepared by Senator Perkins ap
propriating $10,000 for the erection of a
monument at Monterey to commemorate
Commodore Sloat's act in taking formal
possession of California on July 7, 1846.
Commissioners are to be appointed to se
lect a site upon either of the Government
reservations on which to erect a granite
monument, which shall be ornamented
with appropriate National and patriotic
devices in bronze. It i* provided that the
foundation-stone shall be laid next July,
with ceremonies in which the United
States army and navy shall take place. It
is also provided that contributions by
cities, organizations or individuals shall
be received.
i Telegrams continue to come to Senator
! Perkins requesting him to secure the pro
i tection 01 the United (States for such
Americans as were arrested by the Boers.
j Judge Conlan sent a dispatch to-day stat
ing that the Native Sons ask that the life
and liberty of Californians be protected, and
j that immediate action be taken to accom
; plish this end in the case of John Hays
Hammond, who is a Native Son.
j Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper telegraphs on be
half of rank Norris of San Francisco,
| was with the Jameson expedition.
All these persons will receive whatever
protection our Government can extend, as
the directions given by Secretary Olney in
, response to the representations of Sena
| tors Perkins and White include all Ameri
j cans who may be arrested.
j A letter was received by Senator Perkins
Ai'^ & QB ism r - One approval of the
Alaska land bill introduced by him and
rX«£ at ! e " tlo , n to several important facts
relating to lack of mail facilities, etc. It
was stated that miners at Cooks Inlet
r,ft f»?r " e ? n and eight months with
out letters, and received them only through
the courtesy of cannery vessels. It was
announced that a steamer was being fitted
out at Seattle to take 300 miners to Quar
nagainann this spring, and that a Fresno
man named Dusy has chartered steamer
to take up a party of 10 ° or more from San
Francisco. It is estimated that 600 or 700
miners will leave the coast for Cooks Inlet
this year There are several general stores
then and twenty-five or thirty men are
working in the coal mines in Kachekimak
Bay Yet all this section is without mail
facilities. nOUt mall
It is suggested that a revenue vessel be
stationed m the.«e waters to prevent
♦£° wwe! c - .! 2 case .p. f . wa »: il >s Pointed out
that t.oel Bay will be of great importance
to the United States for it is one of the best
harbors on the western coast and could be
fortified at small outlay.
Senator Perkins has requested the Post
office Department to establish a Postoflice
at Allen springs, Lake County, during the
coming season.
Professor George Davidson has been sug
gested to the Venezuelan commission as
the proper man to take a hand in settling
the boundary dispute. His services on the
coast survey and his practical knowledge
and historical researches would make him
of vaiue 111 many wava.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
STAGE HOLD-UP
NEAR CALPELLA
"Spud" Howard's Coach
Halted by a Single
Bandit.
WAS IN "ROBBERS PASS."
The Lone Highwayman Enforced
His Demands With Two
Revolvers.
HE SECURED THE TREASURE BOX
Then Caused the Driver to Get Down
and Submit to a Thorough
Search.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 15. —Sheriff J. R.
Johnson returned from Santa Rosa to-day,
whither he had gone on a clew as to the
robher of the stage on the last day of last
year at Calpella, or near that place.
Hardly had Johnson returned to his
otlice before word was brought to him by a
man named Spaulding, from Round Val
ley, that he had met the northbound
stage a short distance abope Calpella and
had been commissioned by the driver,
Sdihl Howard, to notify the officers that
he had been stood up.
This last robbery took place in a narrow
pass about two miles north of Calpella,
and known as Robbers Pass, the stages
having been held up there several times
before.
The stage held up was one of a line of
stages that run from this place overland to
Harris, about ninety miles from here, and
close to the Ilumboldt line, passing
through Willita and several towns of
minor importance en route.
Howard, whose real name is Theodore
Howard, but who is more familiarly
known as "Spud" Howard, had just got to
the top of the Calpella grade and started
down through the Robbers' Pass, when
he heard a gruff voice in the brush on the
right side of the road commanding him
to throw out Wel Is- Fargo' s express box,
this command being enforced by a brace
of revolvers in the hands of a masked man
and leveled at the driver's head.
Howard complied with the <lemand and
was about to drive on when the highway
man ordered him to dismount, which the
driver did after securing his horses, and
then the robber proceeded to thoroughly
search Howard.
The robber is supposed to have been led
to do this by the knowledge that after the
last robbery of Howard and hi 3 stage the
fact that the driver carried a large amount
of valuables about his person was devel
oped.
Nothing, however, was secured in the
search, and, cursing Howard, the bandit
ordered him to resume liis seat on the
stajre. Just as he d:d so a buggy drove up
behind the stage, the occupant of which
the robber ordered to bring up close to the
side of the stage, to which the occupant
gave ready compliance, as this request, ns
well as the previous one to the stage
driver, was enforced by a brace oflhealthy
looking revolvers in the hands of the
bandit.
When the buggy was brought close to
the stage it was ascertained that the occu
pant was Theodore Fulwider, a prominent
merchant of "Willits, twenty-five miles
north of here.
Fulwider was searched by the robber
and nothing but some small change and
a silver-mounted pistol were found in
his possession and these the robber
promptly confiscated.
After all this had been done both How
ard and Fulwider were told to go on their
journey. There were no passengers on the
stage and the mail was not molested.
The stage left here on time to-day, about
l:i;0 o'clock, and was bound north. Pal
wider left a short time after the stage, and
was going to his home at Willits.
After the robbery the staee proceeded on
its journey, and a short distance beyond
Justice of the Peace H. R. Spaulding of
Covelo was met, who was en route to
Ukiah, and to him was entrusted the mes
sage to the officers that the robbery nad
taken place.
Officers are now out, but trailing is al
most impossible, as it has been raining for
twenty-four hours past and in still raining
heavily. Bloodhounds cannot be used,
ana the tracks will, no doubt, be oblit
erated by the time officers arrive at the
scene of the hold-up.
Deputies McClure and Alex Burke left
shortly after the news reached town, and
Sheriff J. Pt. Johnson followed closely
after. The robber has a start of about
three hours, and, taking into considera
tion the fact that a heavy rain is failing,
this may lead to his ultimate escape.
The same stage, driven by Howard, was
robbed at this place about three weeks
ago, and no arrests have been made for
that crime, but several parties are held
under suspicion.
The latest reports confirm the theory
held by Sheriff Johnson that the robberies
were committed by an organized gang
who reside in the immediate vicinity of
the scene of the hold-up.
This is the theory advanced by The
Call at the time of the previous robbery,
and seems to be borne out by all that has
since developed.
A cursory observation of the scene of
the robbery by your correspondent re
veals nothing that would tend to fasten
the crime upon any one.
The officers are thoroughly worked up,
and are determined that the guilty party
shall not escape. There is no doubt that
the robber in this case is one of the same
gang as that to which the former robbery
was ascribed. The movements of the
members of this gang have been under
close surveillance for some time, and ar
rests will probably be made shortly.
The scene of the last robbery is about
seven miles north of Ukiah and a short
distance from where the previous robbery
took place.
On that occasion the stage was stopped
on the southbound trip on the north side
of the river, and to-day it was stopped
going north on the south side of the
river.
The amount of treasure stolen and con
tained in the treasure box cannot be
learned to-night, but from all reports it
was very small.
No developments from the scene of the
robbery are expected before morning.
I'riusian Landtag Opened.
BERLIN, Gebmauy, Jan. 15'.-*-Cliancel-
lor Prince Hohenlohe, on behalf of the
King, opened the session of the Prussian
Landtag to-day. The Chancellor read the
King's speech, which renresented that the
tinances of Prussia had been considerably
improved.
DID yOT CUT RATES.
Southern Pacific Company's Denial Satin
flea the Association.
CHICAGO, 1i,1., Jan. 13.— The annual
meeting ol the Indiana, Illinois and lowa
Iwillioml Company was held at the offices
In tills city to-day The old board of direc
tor* \\!i* elected and the directors elected
tlir Kane ollieers.
Tim mimben of the Western Clearing
bOUM on Immigrant Business adjourned
tticii conference with Assistant Traffic
Manager lluwley of the Southern Pacitic
!•' dtty, to meet at the call of Chairman
UaJdwtU, probably in ten days. No agree
nHiit WM reached with regard to dividing
dm Immigrant business with the other
Southern Pacific lines as a member of the
olearlng-bonie on a percentage basis.
Transcontinental passenger officials were
alto in session to-d;iy considering the
i-!i:irg«'s of rate-cutting on California busi
ness from the East against the Southtm
Pacific, The competing roads were satis
fied with the statement of the Southern
Pacific, and rates will be maintained
strictly in accordance with the Transcon
tinental Association agreement.
domination* Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 15.-The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations: Albert
E. Morton of Louisiana, to be Consul at
Balize, Honduras; Arthur K. Delaney,
United States District Judee for Alaska;
United States Attorney, Burton E. Ben
nett, District of Alaska.
Postmasters for California: V. O. Harter,
South Riverside; P. L. Livingston, Whit
tier; Orlando Streshlin, Azusa.
Engineer Melville'M Elevation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 15.-The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
name of Chief Engineer George W,
Melville of the Navy to be Engineer-in-
Uhief of the Bureau of Steam Engineering
with the rank uf commodore. Melville
has already held this office for eight
years. His services have been found so
valuable that the Presidentdid not hesitate
to reappoint him.
TRIUMPH OF GREENWAY
Manitoba Electors Indorse His
Stand on the School
Question.
The Premier's Strength in the New
House Increased by Four
New Members.
■WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Jan. 15.—Mani
toba general elections, held to-day to se
cure a mandate from the people on the
school issue, resulted in the almost unan
imous return of Premier Greenway'a gov
ernment. In the last House Greenway
had twenty-seven followers out of the
forty members of the Legislature. Indi
cations are to-ni?ht that his strength in
the new House will be increased by four,
or thirty-one in all. The sole issue, except
in isolated districts, was the school ques
tion as against upholding the right of the
province to mafcc its own educational laws
and to administer the same without fed
eral interference.
In 1890 Manitoba passed an act abolish
ing state aid to Roman Catholic schools
and adopting a system of national schools.
The Catholics appealed to the highest
courts in the realm to have this act over
ruled, but met with reverses in every in
stance until last year, when the Imperial
Privy Council in London rendered judg
ment, giving the Dominion Parliament at
Ottawa power to re-establish separate
schools.
An order to that effect was accordingly
forwarded from the Ottawa Government
to Premier Greenway's government. His
reply was a refusal to act. A second
order was given; Greenway again refused
to establish schools, and to-day he ap
pealed to Manitobans to either indorse or
condemn his stand. They have almost
unanimously indorsed it, but the sup
porters of separate schools made a bitter
struggle.
Returns up to midnight show the elec
tion of thirty-one Greenway men, live op
positionists, three independents and one
in doubt.
jUIXISTEJtS SWORX IX.
The Crisis In the Canadian Cabinet
Safely Passed.
OTTAWA, Oht., Jan. 15.— The Cabinet
Ministers who recently resigned wero
sworn into office again to-day. Sir Charles
Tupper Sr. was also sworn in, as was Sen
ator Desjardines and Lieutenant Pryor.
The portfolios are arranged as follows:
Premier and President of Privy Council,
Sir Mackenzie Bowell; Postmaster-Gen
eral, Sir Adolphe Caron; Minister of
Marine, Hon. John Costigan; Minister of
Finance, Hon. George E. Foster; Minister
of Railways and Canals, Hon. John Hag
gart; Minister of Public Works, Hon. J.
A. Oimet; Minister of Interior, Hon. T.
Mayne Daly; Minister of Justice, Hon. A.
R. Dickey; Secretary of State, Sir Charles
Tupper Sr. ; Ministei of Agriculture,
Dr. Montague; Minister of Trade nnd
Commerce, Hon. W. 13. Ives; Controller
of Customs, Hon. John P. Wood; Con
troller of Internal Revenue, Hon. E. G.
Pryor; Minister of Militia, Hon. A. Des
jardines.
This leaves the portfolio of Solicitor-
General yet to be filled.
SUNK IN A COLLISION.
The Spanish Steamer Ciscar Collides With
the German Ship Nereus and
Goes Down.
LONDON, Ewe., Jan. 15.— Spanish
steamer Ciscar, from Hamburg for Span
ish ports, has been sunk near Calais,
France, by collision with the German ship
Nereus, Captain Schultze, from Iquique
for Hamburg. All of the Ciscar's passen
gers and crew were rescued, three of the
ship's company, the captain, mute and one
passenger being picked up by a fishing
smack and landed at Ilamsgate. The rest,
twenty-one in number, succeeded in got
ting ashore at Calais.
The Nereus has arrived at Hamburg in a
badly damaged condition.
IHned Upon I'oitanecl i ■ -.i
GALLATIN, Tknn., Jan. Ift.— Fourteen
persons were poisoned yesterday "t tiie
farm of T. J. Morrimau near DtXOQ
Springs. Merriman X« vt ". Ktlnoe? u> liis
neighbors, who were helping l>'i» ilfur his
land. After dinner fourteen gin-M* became
violently ill with symptoms "t arsenic
poisoning. Three are In v critical con
dition. It. is believed that .^ouie person
intentionally poisoned the food.
Tjtitnber Company Atsiym.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 16.— The Ketrhum
Lumber Company made an Assignment to
the Title Guaranty and Trust Company
yesterday. The assets are estimated at
from $500,000 to $tioo,ooo and the liabilities
$275,000. The liabilities are all secured
and there are no outside creditors.
A RUNT BLESSING
TO THE STATE
The Pluvian Downpour
Has Been Generally-
Generous.
IT IS OF GREAT BENEFIT
In Many Parts of California
Agricultural Panics Were
Averted.
RANCHERS RAISE THEIR HEADS.
Snow in the Mountains and Rain in
the Valleys Bring Prosperity
to All.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. Jan 15.— The
rain reached Santa Barbara to-day, and
after several hours of ineffectual effort and
paroxysms of sprinkling, began to come
down steadily and resolved itself into a
heavy downpour. There ia every prospect
that this will continue throughout the
night, and ranchmen and stockmen are
jubilant.
Now that the season is assured, it may
be confessed that a veritable panic has
prevailed throughout Southern California
for the past three or four weeks, and :n
some localities banks last week refused to
make further loans even upon costly build
ings in process of construction. The dry
season of two years ago, and the indiffer
ently good season last year, had brought
farmers to such a plight that unless this
season proved a prosperous one of good
crops all around ruin was imminent in
many cases. This timely downfall secures
the country for the present, and promises
good things for the future.
SJtOIF AT TIIE SUMMIT.
A Heavy Wind and Ilain Storm Reported
to lie Raging at Totclea.
SUMMIT. Cal., Jan. 15.— Snow com
menced falling early yesterday morning,
and, though the fall was light and unac
companied by wind, the majority of old
mountaineers hereabouts predicted a
heavy storm, and they were not mis
taken. About 5 o'clock this evening the
wind commenced blowing, and at the
present writing the storm is raging fiercely,
with no signs of abatement, and, from
the present indications, will be the worst
of the season thus far.
While no serious trouble is looked for
by the railroad company, still if the heavy
' wind continues it will cause the snow to
drift inside the sheds, and will necessitate
the running of a iianger to keep the tracks
I clear.
A heavy rain and wind storm was re
ported raging at Towles this afternoon,
und is said to prevail at Blue Canyon- but
in the snow belt, which lies between Emi
grant Gap and tunnel 13, the beautiful
snow has full sway, enveloping the high
pines in a white mantle, rising as they ao
to a height of fifty or more feet, dotted
here and there by the green leaves of an
outstanding branch. It forms a picture
beautiful to look upon.
Snowshoeing is now at its best, and de
spite the inclement weather the swish of
the slender carriages can be heard on
nearly all the adjoining bills as they
speed along at a rate of forty or more
miles an hour.
PACIFIC 080 VJPB PRECIPITATIOX.
A Drought Averted and General Prosper
ity Is Absolutely Assured.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cat,., Jan. 15.— After
three days of threatening weather, during
which a few desultory showers fell, a
heavy rain, accompanied by a brisk wind
from the south, commenced falling about
9:30 o'clock this morning and has contin
ued steadily ever since. From the indica
tions at 7 p. m. tiie storm will be of several
days' duration and will be received with
thanks given by the stockmen and farm
er?, as feed is dead and withered. W T heat
is ajso beginning to suffer from the pro
tracted drought.
This has been one of the dryest winters
known here in many years, the rainfall up
to the present storm being 4.39 inches, as
against VI. A) inches for the same period
last season.
HEAT'S FALL AT MILL VALLEY.
Thousands of Hurl: a Take Refuge in the
Marsh— Work Delayed.
MILL VALLEY, €al., Jan. 15.— The
storm of the last two days has been rather
severe, but beyond a few broken windows
and fallen trees no serious damage has
been reported yet.
In the marsh just below Mill Valley
thousands of ducks have taken refuge, anil
the prospects for good shooting are excel
lent.
Work on the Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpais Railroad has been discontinued
until the storm abates.
Old-Fashioned S:orm at Chioo.
CHICO, Cal., Jan 15.— A regular oli
fashion winterstorm commenced here yes
terday and is still pouring down. It came
in {rood time, as this section of the State
needed it very much. The farmers are
happy, as it insures them a eood crop and
plenty of feed for the stock. The fruit
prospect was never brighter ana the uni
versal belief among grain-growers and hor
ticulturists is that the year of 1896 will
prove the best for many years past.
Ventura 1b Thankful.
VENTURA, Cal., Jan. 15.— The long
drought is broken. Rain began falling
this afternoon at 2 o'clock and has con
tinued steadily to this hour (7 o'clock).
The prospects are that it will continue all
night. The total rainfall for the season
up to to-day has only been 1.51. People
were beginning to fear a dry year. Every
body is jubilant to-night over the rain.
San IjUia Obispo Happy.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. Jan. 15.— The
first rain for over a month, set in to-day.
Shortly before noon, the rain was brought
along in torrents by the strong south wind
and will continue through the night. Dis
heartened farmers and dairymen take new
courage from the rain, and all are happy.
San Miguel's Precipitation,
SAN MIGUEL, Cal., Jan. 15.— Rain
commenced this morning at 10:30 o'clock
and the prospects are favorable for a con
tinuance. It is much needed in Central
California.
Yisalia Jubilant.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 15.— Rain set in
this afternoon and light showers prevailed
during the afternoou. To-night it is rain
ing more steadily. Every one is jubilant.
VisaUa- Juvenile Arrested.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 15.— Sheriff Mer
ritt left here with Arthur Hall for lone to
day. The boy escaped from a trajn at
Firebaugh. This mornine Deputy City
Marshal Bennett captured him at hia
home. Stokes Mountain.
A. COLYILLE SENS ATI OX.
Father and Mother Jieinff Tried for the
Murder of Their Child.
COLVILLE, Wash., Jan. 15.— The trial
of Adolph Niese and wife for the alleged
murder of their little son by beating him
to death provoked sensational questions
and answers in court.
The Prosecuting Attorney asked the
male defendant if he had not struck his
first wife while living at Ottumwa, lowa,
with a buckle or a strap, knocking her
senseless, and then setting lire to the
house, burning his wife and infant.
Niese dramatically called upon God to
witness that he was telling the truth
when he said he in no way caused the
death of his tirst wife. It appears that the
woman who is now his wife, and who is
also on trial, is the sister of nis dead wife.
The younger son of Niese testified that
his father and mother were unkind to all
the children.
The little girl of Niese testified that
the brother who had just testified was in
corrigible and could not be relied upon to
tell the truth.
Niesa said the boy tried to swear his life
away during the trial at Ottumwa, lowa,
being bribed with 15 cents' worth of candy
by the enemies of Niese.
Watsonville Hunter Shot.
"WATSON VILLE, Cal., Jan. 15.— Peter
Mailand, son of Hans Mailana, accidentally
shot himself this afternoon while return
ing from a hunting trip. He died soon
after. The young man was about 18 years
old and was well known in this section.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Suit of Several Thousand Dollars
Against the Averrett
Estate.
A Deaf Mute Adjudged Insane— Suit
Brought on an Old $3000
Judgment.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— Judge Eey
nolds this morning made an order citing
Emma L. Averrett, executrix of the estate
of Alvis E. Averrett, to appear and show
cause why she should not convey certain
property to James E. Gordon.
According to a petition filed by James E.
Gordon he and Averrett entered intoacon
taact — on December, 1893— by which the
latter agreed to purchase a lot on the
southeast corner of Stockton and Julian
streets for $6000 and to assume a mortgage
of $8000 on the lot.
Gordon gave Averett 150 shares of the
Argonaut Land and Development Com
pany, valued at $9000, in payment for the
lot. The stock was mortgaged for $3000,
and this Averrett agreed to assume.
Gordon delivered but 100 shares of the
stock and gave a mortgage on 335 acres of
land in Shasta County as security for the
remaining fifty shares of stock.
Averrett died on May 28, 1894, and the
contract was never carried out.
The petitioner states that he and the
executrix are perfectly willing to carry out
the contract, and asks that such an order
be made.
An Old Judgment Revived.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15.— F. W. d'Ab
laing to-day began suit against W\ T.
Maynard to recover $3018 28, due on a judg
ment obtained against the defendant Jan
uary 23. 1891. Interest at 7 per cent per
annum from the date of the decree is also
asked.
Adjudged Insane.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 15. — Lawrence
Enis was examined before Judge Reynolds
this afternoon as to his sanity and com
mitted to Agnews Asylum. Enis is deaf
nnd dumb and about 30 yea-s old. His
insanity is the result of an illness several
years ago, but it is only of late that he has
become violent.
A PORTLAND SENSATION
Mrs. Ryan Brings a Suit for
Divorce Against Her
Husband.
She Is Wealthy and Her Children Are
Said to Have Instigated the
Contest.
PORTLAND, Oh., Jan. 15.— The sensa
tional divorce case of the aged and wealthy
Mrs. Elizabeth Ryan against her husband,
A. G. Ryan, the well-known horseman,
was commenced in Judge Shattuck's de
partment of the State Circuit Court to-day.
All the witnesses and an eager public
which was looking for startling evidence,
were excluded from the courtroom.
Mrs. Ryan is the widow of Captain Joha
Irving, who died worth about $700,000.
Ryan was Captain Irving's hostler, and
when the widow married the second time
there was a serious split in the family. The
couple had lived peaceably together for
about eight years. Mrs. Ryan, while being
examined on the witness 'stand, broke
down and admitted ttiat her son-in-law
had induced her to sign the complaint for
divorce against her husband in order that
she might proceed to make her will and
dispose of her property to her iwo children.
Mrs. Ryan charged in her complaint
that Ryan was habitually drunk and occa
sionally abused her.
When a short time ago Mrs. Ryan at
tempted to make a will disposing of her
estates she found she couid not do so as
long as her husband is alive, as lie holds a
life interest in the estate, which includes
some of tlie most valuable water-front
property in Portland, also the Irvington
Park racetrack and the Irvington Addi
tion.
SAN RAFAEL LIQUOR CASE.
Licenses of Saloon Men Revoked After
Hearing Strong Keldnnce.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal.. Jan. ls.— The much
talked-of liquor cases were disposed of be
fore the Board of Supervisors to-day.
The cases against F>-itz Goerl, Peter
Bossi and Peter Kaumff were discharged,
but the license of Peter Crane and A. Kap
penman were ordered revoked.
These are the men who were charged
with selling liquor to minors and keeping
gambling resorts. The District Attorney
was ordered to bring suit to recover the
$2(KX) bonds which each of these men gave.
Great satisfaction is heard at the out
come of these cases.
A. SAXTA JtOSA DIVIJS'K.
The renerable Dr. bhepherd Fall* in the
Street and Jiarrotcly JEscapet Death.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 15.— Rev. Dr.
SLepherd, rector of the Emeritas Episco
pal Church here, had a narrow es
cape from death last night. He had
a fainting spell just as he was leaving his
house on Cherry street, and fell to the
ground on his face. He fell in the mud in
the street, and had he not been found right
away would undoubtedly have nerished,
as the rain was falling very rapidly.
Dr. Shepherd is over 80 years old. He
was the chaplain who opened the Con
federate Congress.
THE NOTORIOUS
IDAHO MURDER
Mrs. Goddard, Accused of
the Killing, Was Ac
quitted.
GREAT SURPRISE TO ALL.
Her Brother Interested to the
Extent of Forty Thousand
Dollars.
SEARS WAS SHOT FROM BEHIND.
The Woman Charged With Shooting
the Man Who Had Already
Been Ambushed.
LEWISTON. Idaho, Jan. 15.— "Not
guilty" is the verdict in the case against
Mrs. Goddard, accused of the murder of
John !3ier3.
This is the end of one of the most bitterly
fought murder trials in the history of
Northern Idabo.
After being out fifteen hours the jury
reached an agreement at 10:45 this morn,
ing.
In a neighborhood row near Lewiston,
Idaho, May 19, last, as an outcome of a
feud of long standing, John Siers, known
as "Buena," on account of his valor at the
battle of Buena Vista, and M. P. Ward,
one of his assailants, were killed, and Mrs.
Goddard, who was alleged to have killed
Siers, was wounded.
The tragedy had few parallels in the an
nals of ciime in the State of Idaho. The
firm of Schissler <fe Siers was one of the
wealthiest in North Idaho ten years ago.
Six years ago Schissler was killed by a
fall from his horse.
The firm's property was disposed of and
a farm at Waha, about fifteen miles from
Lewiston, was sold to M. F. Ward, Mrs.
Goddard's son-in-law, for $40,000.
The money was to have been paid to
Siers, but was never paid.
Mrs. Goddard's brother, named Matt,
had been living on the place with her.
Trouble arose between him and his sister
and he was put out of the house and
forced to take quarters in a barn.
Siers wished to call on his friend, and
with three friends he drove to tne farm.
Anticipating trouble, he took a Win
chester rifle and a revolver. He leaned
his rifle on the fence, and then started for
the door.
Ward, who was in ambush, opened fire
on him with a revolver.
Siers drew his revolver, and as he was
trying to locate his assailant Mrs. Goa
dard, it was alleged, came up behind and
fired two shots with a revolver into Siers'
back.
As the dying man sank to the ground,
Ward rushed up and clubbed him on the
head with his revolver.
The verdict is a great surprise to every
one.
MILL, TALZEI'S ZIQUOR LAWS.
It la Reported That Two Saloon* Are to
He Opened There.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 15— There
are rumors to the effect that two saloons
will shortly be opened in Mill Valley,
which is directly in opposition to th«
agreement made by the purchasers of
property from the Tamalpais Land and
Water Company. The company, which
controls this place, will carry the matter
immediately into the courts and every
effort will be resorted to in order to close
the saloons in case they open.
NEW TO-DAY.
THINK of the happiness, the
deep, heart whole content,
that settles upon your mind
when you say to yourself, "I am.
strong and manly ; I have pre-
served the gift of manhood that
nature gave me." Yes, you who
can say that, and say it honestly,
think of how much you owe to
nature, the giver of manhood.
Yet not many can say it. There
are too many pitfalls, too many
temptations in the path of young
men, and too many of them fall.
It is to correct the error of
youthful folly, and point out the
happy recovery of manly vigor
by his wonderful Electric Belt,
that Dr. Sanden has given to
the world his famous book,
''Three Classes of Men." He will
send a pocket edition free,
sealed, to any sufferer, or to any
man who does not feel himself
a man. Get it. Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt cures weak men.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office bQurs, 8:tfO a, k. to
8 :30 v. m. fcunUt* v 3 , X 0 to U
34
THE CALIFORNIA
DAIRY ASSOCIATION.
A Highly Profitable Meet
ing Held at Peta
luma.
PROF. WICKSON'S TALK.
System of Education Along
the Lines of Rural
Economics.
CREAMERY VS. DAIRY BUTTER.
The Consensus of Opinion Was in
Favor of the Former's Keeping
Qualities.
PETALOIA, Cat... Jan. 15.— The Cali
fornia Dairy Association hold a meeting
here to-day in connection with a meeting
of Pomona Grange. Tins was in keeping
with the plan recently outlined by t'.ie
l>airy Association to hold monthly meet
ings throughout the State.
The meetii g was addressed by Professor
E. J. Wickson of the State University,
who explained that professors from the
institution took part in such meetings
when requested as 8 system of education
along the lines of rural economics, practi
cally university extension. Such work
had been very useful in the East and had
been prosecuted here as far as the means
at hand would permit. The university, he
said, derived benefit by having its pro
rs become acquainted with the condi
tions, improvements and obstacles existing
in practical dairying, and hoped to aid
dairymen by showing to them the chemis
try of food constituents.
The matter of feeding, the speaker
thought, was one of the most important
before the public One could prescribe a
ration for a cow as accurately and effect
ively as a physician prescribes medicine
for a sick person. It has taken genera
tions to bring the matter to its present
state of development, but the existing
knowledge as to foods and their constitu
ents was valuable and practical. Liebig,
about fifty years aso, presented his theory
as to nutrition, and, while time has shown
that he was not correct in every detail, his
theory has led to demonstration, and to it
is due in a great degree tho present knowl
edge concerning the matter.
It was clearly seen that the animal could
.ke to it;, use directly the elements of
the earth. They must first be taken up
and assimilated by plants. However, the
animal makes direct use of the elements
in the form they assume in the plant by
means of the digestive process. The fibrin,
albumen, cassein, etc., all clos3ly resemble
those elements as found in plant life. Since
Liebig's time exact analysis, careful ex
periments and exhaustive investigation
have determined not only the exact pro
portion of elements in the plant, but the
j er cent which is assimilated, and its rela
tion to that which is wasted. The result
of the experiments means right feeding
r.nd economical production of desired re
sults.
Professor Widcson was followed by Iff.
E. .Tafia, chemist of the agricultural de
partment of the State University, who
illustrated his remarks upon feeding and
the analysis of feedstuffs by frequent
references to a chart or table presenting
the result of an analysis of various tilings
used as food for cows, as hay, bran, beets,
clover, etc. The nutritive ratio, the
speaker explained, meant the proportion
of flesh-forming ingredients. After learn
ing the elements of food it becomes neces
sary to learn just what proportion of each
is needed. Then the proper ration could
be supplied. If insufficient milk-forming
food is given the cow draws on the other
nutriments in order to live, and the milk
supply deteriorates.
Joseph Mailliard, the president of the
association, was not present, but an essay
which he had written was read by the ecc
retary, S. £. Watson. Mr. Mailliard said
that the great principle of dairying was to
produce for every ton of food u?ed the
largest amount of butter «t the least cost.
The nearer a dairyman attains to this idea
the greater financial success he will
achieve. Many dairymen get the idea that
"a cow is a cow," whereas there are thous
ands of cows which do not pay for their
keep, to say nothing of the labor required
to attend them. It is evident that it will
pay every dairyman to work into some
lirst-class breed as soon as he possibly can.
The reading of Mr. Mailliard's essay
was followed by a general discussion of
dairy methods by the members of the as
sociation. The main points brought out
were that the use of the separator gave an
increase of about 15 per cent in 1 he product,
and that creamery butter had better keep
ing qualities thaa butter made by the old
dairy system. L. Tomasini, manager of
the Dairymen's Union, was very pro
nounced upon the latter point. He said
that he had once sent a large shipment of
dairy butter to a customer and it all came
back in a few days, and the butter offered
its own explanation as soon as he opened
the first box.
lOOTI'ADS /.V I'ETAZVMA.
They Rob Jetrelry Store* and Waylay
Ladies on Their Way Borne.
PETALVMA, Cm.., Jan. 15.— other
wise peaceful burg has been quite ex-
cited lately by the daring operations of
burglars and footpads.
C. Truelson, whose store was robbed last
evening, as reported in The Call, was on
the verge of committing suicide when he
discovered his loss, this being the fourth
time he has been robbed, besides being
burned out once. His loss will amount to
about $1000— the thieves taking only the
valuable jewelry.
A young painter by name of Ferris was
arrested owing to his suspicious actions.
The thieves effected an entrance by break
ing in a rear door.
Last Tuesday evening two young men,
strangers in town, walked into the drv
goods store of A. J. Show during his ab
sence and while his daughter was alone in
Charge.
Tiie supposed customers wanted to look
at shirts, but the young lady noticed one
of them flap his overcoat over something
in a peculiar way and thereupon asked
him what he had taken. He admitted
havine appropriated a pair of trousers,
but Miss Show still being suspicious
finally made him open his coat, under
which he had five more pairs hidden, and
at her command he meekly laid them
down and with his companion left the
store.
These parties can be identified and may
prove to De connected with the theft from
the jewelry-store.
Mrs. L. D. Torr, living on Bridge street,
wa>< returning home from an evening visit
at 11 o'clock last Tuesday night, and when
almost at her own pate was startled by the
sudden appearance of a man, who told
her to throw up her iiand-.
She obeyed the command by screaming
loadly, whereat her husband ran out of the
house and after the footpad, whom he
finally chased dircctiy into Uilicer Bierkle's
arms.
A warrant was issued and the man will
be held.
"When the city fathers finally decide to
put all tramps to work this unusual ex
perience for Fetaluuia will not be re
peated.
LOST SAXIA CJCUZ LAUNCH.
Report That It lias Stolen by a Ulan
J'tcehnj l'rotn Mis Wife.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 15. — Ned
Scott of this city, who is co-owner with
Colonel John T. Sullivan of San Francisco
Of a gasoline launch that mysteriously dis
appeared from her moorings at Monterey
last December, has news to-day of the
missing launch that may develop the
hiding place of :omj runaway husband
from one of the cities around San Fran
cisco Bay.
AViiile Mr. Scott does not credit the run
away husband part of the story he admits
that lie lui3 information answering in
every detail the description of his launch
and that she was seen at Port Abilon, Cat
alina Islands, on Monday. The man who
was the sole occupant of the launch ap
proached a schooner ready to sail for Mex
ico and desired passage for himself and
his craft.
He is reported to have said that lie was
escaping from a wife and that be very
muih desired his presence on the
schooner to be unknown to the crow. He
wanted to be Btowed away as a corpse or
otherwise unidentified.
Mr. Scott says he is. satisfied he shall
never see his launch again, but declines to
explain. The launch was a thirty-foot
schooner-rigged whaler, built two or
three years ago for M. A. Newell of the
Mutual Insurance Company of San Fran
cisco. Colonel Sudlivan bought her early
last year and turned her into a launch
and since has taken Mr. Scott in as part
ner. At the time Colonel Sullivan was
proprietor of the Sea Beach Hotel and
used the launch f'.»r pleasure parties.
Scott has been considerably worried re
cently over the loss of the launch,
though at first he thought she had broken
and drifted away and been wrecked.
There bad been a deal of speculation as to
the disappearance of the boat, but this
solution of the mystery is taken to be a
plausible one and seems to give Mr. Scott
the assurance that he need not look longer
in these waters for his craft.
A SANTA BARBARA MATCH
Basil Dunconib?, the Groom, a
Member of the English
Nobility.
Miss Ida Hope-Doeg, the Bride, Is the
Daughter of a Prominent
Capitalist.
SANTA BARBARA. Cat... Jan. 15.—
Basil Duncombe and Miss Ida Hope-Does
were to-day united in marriage at the
pretty heme of the bride's parents, on
Bath street in this city.
Owing to the condition of the bride's
father, A. Hope-Doeg, president of the
electric street railway now being con
structed here, and wiio suffered a com
pound fracture of his leg several weeks ago
and is unable to leave his couch in conse- ■
quence, the wedding was conducted with '
the utmost simplicity and privacy, none
bat intimate friends being present.
The brule, a tall and handsome girl, with
brown hair and blue eyes, was tastefully
attired in white silk mulle and wore a short
tulle veil. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Mr. Ramsay, beneath an ex
quisite floral bell and Dr. G. Walter Otto
gave away the bride owing to tho father's I
disability.
The guests present were Mrs. Charles
Fay, Mr. and Mrs. Ogleby, Miss Anita
Doremus, Miss Eleanor Colt. Miss Jennie
McLaren, Misa Myra Nickerson, Dr. and
Mrs. G. Walter Otto, Mr. and Mrs. Pevenl
Meigs, Miss Ada Gauy, Harrison P.iddle
of Philadelphia, W. T. Summers, Gerard
Barton and Wilfred Duncombe, brother of
the groom, who officiated as best man.
The Duncombos are of a distinguished
English family, the groom being a nephew
of the late Duchess of Leinster and the
eldest son of lady Duncombe. His father
was the late Captain Frederick William
Duncombe.
It is the present intention of the young
couple to take up their residence at Vic
toria, B. C, although inducements have
lately been offered them which may result
in their making their home in Santa Bar
bara.
I. OS AXQJSLBS WEDUjyO.
Jette A. Orvne and Miss S. Genrvierr
JHartJr Have a Jtainbow Xuptial.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 15.— Jesse
A. Jevne and Miss S. Jenevieve Marix
were married at 5 o'clock last evening by
the Rev. John Gray, in St. Paul's Church.
After the wedding a reception was given
by Mr. and Mrs. Wiiber Wells Flagg at
their residence, 2*398 Orchard avenue, Mrs.
Flagg being a sister of the bride.
The church was very beautifully deco
rated in white and preen. The bride was
charminc'.y attired in white duchess satin,
with a bertha of rare old lace. The maid
of honor, Miss Olga Marix, wore pale preen
satin, and the bridesmaids were dressed in
satin of pale hues, all different. They
were: Misses Bessie Bonsai I, Hattie Kim
ball, Kate Sandt, Lillian Wellborn, Mary
Burnett aild Cora Goodrich. The best
man was Fred Fiint and the ushers were
Ben Coulter, D. Sale, Horace Henderson,
Carroll Allen, R. B. Dickenson and Felix
Notman.
Mr. and Mr. Jevne leave to-day for
Monterey and San Francisco on "their
wedding trip.
m
BAKERS J IELJ> MVRDER TRIAL.
J. Giovannoni Acquitted by a Jury After
Three Hours' J>sliberation.
BAKERSFIELD, Cat.., Jan. 15.— Joe
Giovannoni, who shot and killed Albert
Tribolet here on the 17th of last January,
was acquitted of the charge by a jury in
the Superior Court this evening.
Three days were consumed in the trial.
The jury was only out three hours. This
was his second trial, the jury disagreeing
at the first one. Last summer Giovannoni
attempted suicide in his cell.
Tribolet went into Giovannoni's paint
shop and was talking to him when the
fatal shot was fired. Self-defense was the
plea. Many : believed it to be a cold
blooded murder. ..
. . . *
XOTORIOVS SACRAIU£\TO FAMILY.
Ttco of the Bloomberg Hoys Arrested on a
Charge of Burglary.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 15.— Lazarus
and James Bloomberg, aged 12 and 14
years, were to-day arrested for burglary.
The boys belong' to the notorious Bloom
berg family, between which and the
Lichtensteins there exists a long-standing
feud, hardly a month passing without
charges being preferred in the Police
Court by one family against the other of
disturbing the peace. The Bloomberg
boys, who run with the toughest gangs in
town, arc accused of burglarising a saloon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
RAPPING THE RAILROAD.
Judge McKenna's Ruling in the
Railroad Commission
Case.
IT HITS HERRIN VERY HARD.
The Congressional Committee's Report
Against the Central Pacific
Is Admitted.
Since "W. F. Herrin assumed the ex
alted position he now holds as chief
"outside 1 ' man for the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, he has never made bo
bad a mistake as he did nearly two weeks
ago, when he, to the exclusion of his assist
ants, assumed charge of the prosecution
in the injunction case now being heard be
fore Judge McKenna, in which the corpo
ration seeks to prevent the Railroad Com
missioners from enforcing an 8 per cent
reduction on wheat freight rates.
With him as counsel Mr. Herrin has
such eminent attorneys as Messrs. Garber
and Fillsbury, Hanked by others who are
the peers of the "leading" counsel; but up
to date these gentlemen have not been
heard in court. At all times Mr. Herrin
has conducted the case, and in his exuber
ance the weight of his knowledge and
facile verbosity has overrun to the ex
treme gratification of United States Dis
trict Attorney Foote. On one occasion
especially, when the Government's repre
sentative awakened suddenly from a gentle
doze, into which Mr. Herrin's musical
voice had lulled him, and was floundering
about for a cue to answer Judge Me-
Kenna's interrogatory as to what attitude
the Government took in the matter, Mr.
Herrin came boldly and amicably to the
rescue.
It was on the second day's hearing of
the case when the affidavits of 11. M. La
Rue of the Railroad Commission were pre
sented and read accusing the railroad of
inflating its indebtedness, and of using
large sums of money to corrupt legislation
as against the Deneiit of the Government
and public.
These allegations in the affidavits were
based upon the Congressional committee's
report in regards to the Pacific and other
aided roads.
In behalf of the railroad, Mr. Herrin had
an objection to make on the ground that
the report was not a document of record,
and that, at best, the allegations were
made on information and belief.
Jud?e McKenna sustained the objection
at that time t.o far as the r;>ilroad was con
cerned, and turned to Mr. Foote .to listen
to what he had to say for the Government.
At that particular moment Mr. Foote
was dreaming of something else, but his
friend, Mr. Herrin, put in the necessary i
objection in his behalf, which called forth,
the inquiry from W. W. Foote, the brother
of the District Attorney, who is one of
counsel for the Railroad Commission, as
to "Whom is Mr. Herrin representing, the
railroad or the Government?"
This is all to show, however, with what
firm grip Mr. Herrin had seized the legal
reins when he entered the case, and from
the very start he had, apparently, every
reason to congratulate himself on his posi
tion.
That the gentleman did not break out j
into a broad grin during the tirst few
days of the hearing gives corroboration to
what is said of liiin — that he has never
known what it is to smile. In fact, it is
accredited to his immobile face when
0, P. Huntington cracked one of his
1 pet jokes and everybody else but Her
! riii roared vociferously that he was re
tained at a princely salary as attorney-in
chief for the corporation.
"Whi'e the legal controversy was going
on before Judge McKenna and he was
having the top hand, his argument was
mainly to the effect that the Congressional
committee's report contained mere state
ments made by C. P Huntington, Senator :
Stanford and other individuals connected |
with tne railroad, but that their idle }
vaporings could hardly bo accepted as i
being expressions emanating from the cor- j
j poration, hence such testimony could not j
be admitted, and that Mr. La Hue's affida
vits must, perforce be dropped as well.
Whether t .ese utterances were the sug
gestions of Messrs. Garber and Pilisbury is
not known, but whenever they were being
made these gentlemen showed a wonder
ful liking for a walk over to the ice-cold
water urn or for a walk in the lobby of the
courtroom.
However, Mr. Herrin's victory was of j
sbort duration. It came to a termination '
yesterday morning when Judge McKenna. j
•who had reconsidered his first ruling, i
shutting out the Congressional commit
tee's report and taken it under advisement,
made his ruling.
The court read at great length the testi
mony taken by the commission and espe
cially that of Leland Stanford to the effect
that the Congressional investigation could
not have proceeded from the nature of
things without the consent of the railroad.
He and his confreres, however, expressed
a willingness to answer every one of the
interrogations.
Juuge McKenna deducted from this that
the facts given were accurate and true, as
they had been given without compulsion,
lie ruled that the testimony was admissible,
but thai the report of the commission and
the President's message were not admis
sible, in that they were simply conclu
sions from the evidence.
The Ka Lue affidavits were likewise ad
mitted, but the court would not say then
whether they were relevant. Their admis
sibility was decided so far as the objec
tion raised was concerned.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald opened the
afternoon session by stating that he ?aw
no other course in reading the testimony
of the witnesses Defore the Congressional
committee than to read it in its entirety,
as no portion of such testimony could pos
sibly be eliminated. The court acquiesced
to this and the reading of Collia P. Hunting
ton's testimony as given in answer to the
questioning of Commissioner Anderson
was had.
The Attorney-General picked up one of
the twenty-six volumes which bind the
voluminous mass of testimony. He
weighed the tome, shook his head, coughed
and pleaded ill healtl).
"\our Honor, I will bo obliged to ask
that someone besides myself read this. I
am not feeling well to-day. Perhaps ex-
Judge Hayne would be the best to reai
this.
But the ex-Judge did not feel well him
self. He had been keeping a weather eye
on tha ponderous document, and he, too,
felt unequal to the task which its reading
involved.
At this juncture ex-Judge J. C. Daly of
counsel for tne defense canieto the rescue.
He had to pay the penalty of being big, an
elegant reader, and, above all, healthy.
Huntington's testimony, as we'll as that
of a score of others yet to be read and also
obtained by the Congressional committee,
is being introduced for the purpose of
showing the unwarrantable and excessiva
expense incurred in building the South
ern and Central Pacific roads.
As Attorney-General Fitzgerald has'put
it: "The I'nireil States allowed $j6,000 per
mile to the Union Pacific and Central Pa
cific, roads, each to build until they met.
The first road built in a westerly direction
and the latter in an easterly" direction.
The length of each road and the amount
to be received from the Government, there
fore, was to be decided solely by the
rapidity of the construction.
"We claim that the Southern and Cen
tral Pacific companies sacrificed every
thing to cover ground. They paid enor
mous prices, and as Senator Stanford
tcstitied, they spent about twice as much
to build the road as it would cost under
ordinary circumstances. It is this addi
tional and excessive cost which the rail
road is saddling on the people. Think of
it, making the people pay an expense in
curred by the railroad people to advance
their own financial interests.
"In their bill of injunction, the com
plainants claim that the value of the road
exceeds its bonded indebtedness. By the
testimony of themselves before the Con
gressional committee we show that the
allegation is incorrect, that the bonded in
debtedness is nearly twice as large as the
value of the road, and that the people
should be made to pay rates only on the
basis of the value of the road and not to
innate indebtedness."
The case will go on this morning.
CHICO'S PETTY THIEVES.
There la an Influx of Them and They
Cause Much Trouble.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 14.-Chico has had an
influx of petty larceny thieves lately that
has kept the officers moving. Last night
when C. D. Lawton was returning home he
found three bales of hay that had been
stolen out of his barn on the side of the
road.
Lawton and another man secreted them
selves and waited for the thieves to make
their appearance. Lawton went into his
house and got his double-barreled shot
gun and then they hid themselves and
waited developments.
In about twenty minutes a team came
along and the driver tied them to tne fence
and commenced to load the hay on the
wagon.
The owners of the hay sprang from their
hiding-place and ordered the thieves to
halt, which they refused to do and started
with their team on a dead run.
The owner of the hay leveled his gun
and tired, which only increased the speed of
the team. The thieves, with the hay, con
tinued at a breakneck pace toward the
business part of the town.
Officer Henry, who saw the fast driving,
ordered them to stop, but paying no atten
tion to the officer they continued on their
course.
Two shots were fired after them by the
othcer, but they pot through the town and
headed toward Red Bluff. None of the
shots took effect so far as known.
\esterday a thief entered the back door
of the jewelry-store of E. Meybum and
stole a new overcoat. The garment was
found in a second-hand store, where he
had sold it for a dollar.
EVENTS AT STANFORD.
David Brown of the Class of
'97 Elected Football
Manager.
Students' Attention at Present Ab
sorbed in the Coming Annual
Elections.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal, Jan.
15. — At a meeting of the athletic commit
tee to-day the election of a football mana
ger for the season of '96 came up. David
Brown, '97, was the only candidate and he
was declared elected.
Brown is well fitted for the place, his
ability in managing track affairs having
been frequently proven in the past, and
the experience thus trained will aid him in
successfully managing football matters
during the coming season.
PuviJ Brown is an Oakland boy, a mem
ber cf the j'inior class. He. at present is
manager cf the track athletes and holds
the coast record for the mile run, 4 mm.
36 sec. being his best time. Engineering is
lus major Btndy, and his record as a stu
dent is fully up to his record as an athlete.
The students' attention is just now con
fined to the annual elections, wiiich
always occur at the beginning of each
semester. Every man who isn't running
for something is buttonholing his friends
lor some fellow that is, and the result
gives rise to a condition of affairs not un
like those preceding the municipal elec
tions of 11 small town.
The second of the series of the prelimi
nary debates occurred last evening and was
an improvement over its predecessor.
There were but four speakers, Messrs. H.
D. Sheldon, '9G, and F. C. Doty. '<*>,
defending the proposition, while J." L. R.
Haffey, '93. and Outcalt, 'DC, took the
negative. Sheldon undoubtedly made the
best showing. He speaks, perhaps, too
rapidly, but he never loses sight of his
point and is quick at iinding the weak
points of a defense. The question was
"Resolved that the United States should
buiid, own and operate the Nicaraeua
canal.' 1
i'rofessor Murray presided and intro
duced the speakers. Professors Ross,
Bbftw and Elliott are the judges, who will
announce the three winners next Satur
day evening after the final preliminary
debate of the series. They will also
render decisions in each of the debates
that has taken place.
SOUTH RIVERSIDE CRIME
S. E. Cooke Shot by the Keeper
of a Disreputable Re
sort.
The Young Man Was Out on a
Spree With Some Compan
ions.
RIVERSIDE. Cal., Jan. lo.— Word was
received in this city this morning that a
murder had been committed at South
Riverside last nieht.
The one who did the shooting was Fred
erick C. Hazen and the man killed was
S. K. Cooke, fora number of years kiln set
ter at the pipe works and at which place
he was employed at the time of his death.
Hazen is reported as a dissolute charac
ter, who kept a disreputable resort near
the depot.
In this instance, as brought out by the
investigation this afternoon, four or five
of the young fellows of the town, among
them the murdered man, went down to
Hazen's house with some whisky to have
a little time.
About 10 o'clock the crowd became a
little hilarious, and Cooke was in the act
of pouring some whisky on Mrs. Hazen's
head, when Hazen, who was in bed, raised
up and made the remark that that was
enough, and drew out a revolver from un
der his pillow.
Cooke took the revolver away from him,
and then Hazen started for a Winchester
rifle, but before he could bring it to bear
on CooKe, the latter had taken a couple of
shots at Hazen. Hazen then leveled his
rifle at Cooke and fired, killing Cooke al
most instantly.
Hazen was lodged in jail here to wait
trial.
FRIGHTFULLY CRUSHED.
A Portland Laborer Killed Beneath Ttco
Tons of iron.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 15.-John Cook,
a laborer employed at the Portland Stove
"Works on Hood street, was almost in
stantly crushed to death this afternoon.
No one was an eye-witness to the fa
tality.
He was tending a load of pigiron which
was being swung with a crane. The swing
became loosened and almost two tons or
the metal fell upon Cook.
It required several minutes to uncover
XlK lm j- j hen taken © ut be w »s breathing,
but died soon thereafter without uttering
ft word. His breast waa tearfully crushed.
MISSION SPORTS MOURN
E. Wilberry, a Popular Member
of the Rauzo Club, Hauled
to Jail.
RESULT OF A SHOOTING MATCH.
Rival Clubs Miss All Targets, but
Kill a Horse and Much
Trouble Ensues.
All the bicyclists in the Mission and all
their fair female friends have been getting
up from one to three hours before their
regular hour dnring the last few days.
They have been moved by anxiety to see
the morning; paper and discover if the
news had reached downtown of the raid
by the police on a shooting match petween
the Rauzo and the Knocker Social clubs,
which occurred on Sunday.
The two clubs above named include
nearly all the wealth, fashion and dignity
among the young gentlemen residing
south of Market street. The Knocker Club
consists entirely of professional men or
professional men-elect. Among the latter
are the internes at the City and County
Hospital, students at the various medical
colleges, and clerks in law offices. The
Rauzos, on the other hand, are "in trade."
There are many influential and wealthy
gentlemen on its roll. Both clubs have
rooms in the building at Twenty-second
and Folsom streets.
Though there has always been the
greatest rivalry between the clubs there
has never been anything but friendliness.
The extreme informality of the many
meetings has allowed of spirited discus
sions and heated arguments, which re
quired vast libations of cold beer to abate.
These discussions often begat contests,
which until the last one were hitherto the
source of much amusement.
This last one, which was the shooting
contest that came off on Sunday, caused
deep mourning, landed one of tne mem
bers in jail, endangered the neck of a
valued and loved Kauzoer, and brought
about the untimely death of a horse.
There was no comfort, even in the fact
that the pneumatic ducks and other tar
gets were not in the least injured by the
club's marksmen.
The idea of the contest originated six
weeks ago, when the Knockers, through
their president, Curly Dog, and their sec
retary, King Woohoo, sent a challenge to
the Rauzos to compete at the target. The
challenge was at once accepted with the
understanding that the losing club should
pay fora tamale banquet, with beer, etcet
eras, at the Delmonico'a of the Mission.
Betting at once began on the result.
The odds were at first in favor of me
Knockers, although the Rauzos immedi
ately put themselves in the rare of Trainer
Rogers, the mentor of the California
Cycling Club, and followed his directions
to the minutest detail. The prime condi
tion of the Rauzos made a marked change
in the betting, and by Sunday it was hard
to tind a bacKer for the Knockers, though
their experience as "killers" had given
them an enviable reputation.
After a long debate it was decided to go
to the I'esthouso range, just beyond
Twenty-sixth street. The two clubs
reached the designated spot at 2 o'clock on
Sunday afternoon. There were 123 mem
bers present. It was decided, however, to
leave the shooting to two teams, with
twenty-rive men in each. The rest cheered
the shooters and flirted between shots with
China Annie, the female inmate of the
Pesthouse, who stood on the front porch
of that building: and played "You Can't
Play in My Yard" and "In ihe Sweet By
and By" on the little organ till she was
removed by the superintendent.
Each man had three shots at the target.
These were taken at intervals when the fog
would lighten enough for the bullseve to
be seen. The target came out unscathed.
Some pneumatic ducks were then set
afloat on Isiais Creek and the ruark.-men
tried on them. They had just fired the
two hundred and twelfth cartridge witn
out harming the ducks when a half-dozen
sons of sunny Italy appeared with warlike
demonstrations and pitchforks.
It seems that a stray bullet had killed a
horse belonging to one of the Italians. The
owner wanted satisfaction. The club
members fled incontinently at the first ap
proach of the natives, who at once began
a hot chase. A wealthy young brewer,
handicapped by too much flesh, lagcred be
hind. To avoid capture he ran into a
saloon, dropped out of a back window in
the second story and escaped with only a
few scratches and bumps while his pur
suers were downstairs.
But Edward Wi! berry, a contractor,
one of the Rauzos. was not so fortunate.
The Italians, re-enforced oy a policeman,
succeeded in stopping him. He pleaded
that he had not shot the horse, buc the
oth'cer decided to "take him in" anyway.
The patrol-wagon was summoned", and
Mr. Wil berry rode back to town in state,
and the wagon, thus saving carfare.
The departure was observed from several
coigns of vantage by various members of
the demoralized "clubs. The telephone was
at once set to work in an appeal for relief,
and the prisoner had hardly reached the
Seventeenth-street Station before Attorney
J. C. Flood was on hand with the bail nec
essary to release his friend from durance
vile.
The case comes up before Judge Joach
imsen on Tuesday. Mr. Flood has no doubt
of the speedy discharge of his client, as it
is only illegal to discharge firearms inside
of Twenty-sixth street. Even if Mr. Wil
berry were one of the shooters, and it is
stated authoritatively that he is not one of
those who had been chosen to uphold the
Rauzo Club's reputation, he could not be
found guilty because all the shooting was
done in the sand lots, just beyond the
fateful Twenty-sixth street line.
CEMETERIES HAVE RIGHTS
The Law Grants Them Per
petual Domain Over
Burial Lands.
A. J. Gunnison Declares It Is the
Work of Rivals in San Mateo
County.
The petition now before the Supervisors
asking that the cemeteries in this City be
practically closed was branded yesterday
by A. J. (iunnison, the venerable president
of Laurel Hill Cemetery, as an attempt on
the part of "designing persons interested
in a new burial place in San Mateo County"
to hurt an institution belonging by all
right to the people of San Francisco in
the interest ol a private enterprise.
Mr. Gunnison talked as one overcome
with contempt and disgust at the proceed
ings, and while he declared that no fight
would be made by .Laurel Hill Cemetery
there was enough in his comments on the
opojition movement to make it plain that
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association would
permit uo infringement on its rights. At
the same time be stated that the associa
tion had rights under the State law for all
time which could not be affected by any
board of supervisors.
"We organized under the rural cemetery
act of California," he said, "and that srives
us the right for all time to have a ceme
tery. So where can a local Board of Super
visors come in and control us in any way?
Evcr^' dollar received for land sold to lot
owners has been spent on the cemetery —
iirst for the land itself, then for beautify
ing the grounds. I have been over twenty
years president of Laurel Hill Cemetery
and never received a cent for my work as
an officer. The cemetery is for tne benefit
Of the people of San Francisco. After thirty
or forty years we have paid for all the land
and now every dollar received goes to
beautifying the grounds.
"We have had this same trouble every
few years for some time. A man named
Xoble, who did not make a success as a
stockbroker, or something like tnat, buys
a truct of Jand down somewhere in San
Mateo County and opens a cemetery.
These people "who own this burial place
are not like us— their cemetery is not a
'rural cemetery,' so if they should make a
failure of this enterprise, "or should all die
off, what would become of their private
burial ground? That's a question I'd like
to see answered. The place would become
a howling wilderness. Let the people
look into the law of the State of California
on this matter and see for themselves
what it means.
"In order to build up their grounds,
these San Mateo private cemetery people
have got up this opposition to cemeteries
in San Francisco, which is without the
least particle of truth in the various asser
tions made.
"The City and County of San Francisco
sold to the Laurel Hill Cemetery Associa
tion this identical property for $2.-\OOO,
which sum was paid to the City by us.
The City deeded the land to the cemetery
for all time as a 'rural cemetery' under
the State law. Now certain scheming
men who have cemeteries in San Mateo
C ounty get un a false impression here and
employ the Board of Supervisors who
act as eight to four to prohibit the selling
of land in the cemeteries of this City and
county; and this board, acting as eight to
four, is now attempting to pass a law to
bring that abjut. And trm the board
does as the 'City Fathers' of San Francisco
after the Supervisors years ago sold us the
same land for a cemetery for all time.
"Does San Francisco wish that to ro
down to posterity as the honesty of the
men now in office in San Francisco? And
for the simple purpose of enabling stock
speculators in an outside cemetery to
make money?
"If that is so, I look upon all my work
for the Denelit of the people of San Fran
cisco as gone for naught, and submit to
the dictates of the people of this City."
''Does your association propose to defend
itself legally?"
"To that question I shall answer: The
cemeteries being not owned for any ob
jects of protit, but for the people of San
Francisco at large who choose to take lots
for the buria! of their beloved dead in the
local cemeteries, I do not propose to spend
money to light it if the City and County
of San Francisco will sanction their Super
visors' act to destroy the very deeds which
were given by the City for the benefit of
the people, and for which the City was
pnid an enormous price. We shall not
step in and place ourselves in the position
to spend individual money to prevent the
disgrace to rest upon the City, believing
we have clone our duty. That means, if
the City of San Francisco wishes to ruin
the name of the City of San Francisco let
the people themselves ruin it.
"One time there was a charter submit
ted to the City that called out our opposi
tion. 1 remarked to one of its supporters:
" 'I'll beat tli.it.'
" 'How?' they asked me.
" 'I'll vote the dead,' I replied.
" 'But you wouldn't do what is already
too freely done by the politicians in San
Francisco?' they answered.
" 'Weil, I shall vote tnem all the same.'
I said. -For every person buried out there
in those cemeteries there are at least three
votes in San Francisco, and they will vote
as I call upon them.'
And what was the result? The charter
was defeated 4\., to 1. "We may have 10 do
the same thing now against some of those
designing politicians and their friends,
and there are more than three votes nowa
days for every dear one lying out there in
the cemeteries.
"I wili speak now for Laurel Hill Ceme
tery. We have spent hundreds of thou
sands on it and it has become as a beauti
fr.l park. Suppose it were closed. It
would be neglected ; it would be of no use
on earth for anything else. Nobody would
buy it or parts of it, and there are lots
there that no money could buy; for by
right under the Jaw of California these
same lots belong to the owners for all
time."
VA. O FILLS II YES.
Joint Installation of Sons and Daughters
Held Last Xight.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Jan. 15.-E1
Pajaro Parlor Native Daughters of the.
Golden "West and Watsonvil'e Parlor
Native Sons of the Golden West installed
officers-elect to-night and gave a big feast,
sometimes called a banquet, which was
participated in by the Native Daughters
and Sons from various points in the
county.
Grand Vice-President Gesford of Napa
was the guest of honor, and delivered an
eloquent address.
Stella Finkeldey. installating officer, in
ducted the following Native Daughters into
office: Clara Cassidy, past president;
Teddy Clow, president; Ella Bixby, first
vice-president; Carrie Linscott, second
vice-president; Kate Jameson, third vice
president ; Dora Zmudowski, recording sec
retary; Eva Leland, financial secretary •
Miss M. C. Stewart, treasurer: Grace Bar
ney, 1- rona Paimtag, Eva White, trustees;
Lutie "White, inside sentinel; Mamie Con
lan, outside sentinel: Mynne Rowe,organ
izer. &
District Deputy John A. Tatharn of Hol
lister installed the following officers of the
"V\ atsonville Native Sons: G. T. Reiter
past, president; James l^torm. president-'
J. J. Morey, lirst vice-president; James
Ryason Jr., second vice-president- F P
Krough. third vice-president; E. McCabe
recording secretary: H. Trafton, financial
secretary; C. Palm ta?, treasurer: A. Cas
tello. marshal; J. P. Struve, trustee.
MAHER AT LAS CRUCJES.
Handsome Training' Quarters Provided
for the Ftijilist.
LAS CRUCES, Mex., Jan. 15.-Peter
Maher, Manager Quinn, Jerry Marshall
and the pugilist's trainers have arrived
here and will begin training at once.
Citizens of Las Cruces have provided them
with the finest residence in the Mesilla
Valley and a large training hall free.
Maher appears to be in good shape. All
the members of the party are much pleased
with the quarters provided and with the
climate. Quinn says: "If Peter can't win
after training in this air he can't win at
all."
Public exhibitions will be given here and
at El Paso.
NEW TO-DAY.
i\ * I
Dollar ~%^w.
Expended effects a saving of half that
much more to the purchaser of California-
made Boots and Shoes at the
BIG SHOE FACTORY,
581-583 MARKET ST.,
>"ear Second. :
HLDYAN J^^ni'i I"?
HUD VAN can V&jjjj j 'i./^raa ct^
:>n!y from the j jo&sMla) ~~
HUDSON ] Mmi l M
nEDiCAL jJIPni | "=
INSTITUTE. ,^^^p^(lll 1 < *^*
Circulars and fEfjEfT 1 IJ»' i ' == ?
Testimonials \Msf l] j'iflx! =^ =
Free. if jl* i &
HUDSON ' \|A iv si
nEDicAL r i rwm 5 1
INSTITUTE. I I j/'/Afll [ 1
Stockton, I / WJBB r;
Harketand / /jj V \ 'XSUf ' "
Ellis streets. / .1 • )^sof\ "1 '
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, dv«
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ot
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a Trip*
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" t«
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St 9.
LIVER- When your liver Is affect' you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You eta get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
•'All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sta.
KIDNEY Remedies aro now sought for by
I many men, because so many men live rap.i
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
I thing about your kidneys and how to make ttis
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidney?,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
' Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
THE HUB
Of the Pacific Coast shirt
trade are STANDARD SHIRTS.
Others are good or bad, cheap or dear, by
comparison. All dealers.
Nenstadter Bros., Mfrs., S. F.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings CoHly Bouts.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN' THAT SEALED
-i-i proposals will be received by the undersigned
"P to 12 o'clock M. of the 7th day of February,
l^Pb. for the purchase of thirty-two (S3 Kiux-j
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from oa« (1) to thirty-two (»•_'), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($lOOOl dollars
e:iili, and payable on the nrs: day ut January,
1906, or at any time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of th^» United
States, with Interest thereon at the rate of four (J)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on tM
first day of January and on the firs: 'i. • of July of
each year. Boada and Interest payable" at the office
of the Comity Treasurer of said Kinrs County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of trUfHT-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895.
and January 6, 1596, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and la
accordance with an act of the I>es:isia;nn- of tie
State of California, entitled "An Act to Kjtublish a
Uniform system of County and Township Govern-
ment." approved March 34, 1893.
.Xone of said bonds will be sold for less than t»ce
value and. accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the ri? lit is herein ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all prop*
: M:irk envelope. •Proposals for the purchase ot
Courthouse JJoikU."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
KlngsCounty. W. 11. si.aVl.n,
County Treasurer.
OR. PIERCES f|p GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent: contains all Improvements
and Is sold at on,. tbe price asked for infer or.
but much-advertised electric belts.
Th results accomplished by Dr. Pierce 1 - belr*
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures havln?
SSfEL I ?*^ her » Physicians and medicines tad
failed to i;,.<- relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be givfato
inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority ofPr.
tierces belts, and a thorough examination » n<t
comparison of these Roods with all others 1* re-
spectfully invited of all intending curcha^M of an
tlectrlcßelt. *»- Call or write for frie PAMru-
let No. 2." Address '
i>ks. PIERCE m SOX,
704 Sacramento .street.
2d. 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, Cfl. _
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD DBS DAHIANA BITTKKS, THK
WJ groat Mexican Kemedy; gives ilealtn »ai
: Strength to the Sexual Orjftaa. " ...DR. BROWN ASKS
AN INVESTIGATION.
Made a Public Request at I
Last Night's Prayer
Meeting.
-
METHOD OF PROCEDURE.
The Hearing Is to Be Held
Before a Joint Com
mittee.
DETAILS TO BE WITHHELD.
Only a General Statement to Be Given
Out for the Information
of the Puhlic.
Dr. Brown made his first public utter
ance last night at the conclusion of the
prayer meeting over which he presided at
his church regarding the matter of an in-
THE FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, CORNER OF POST AND MASON
STREETS, DR. C. O. BROWN PASTOR.
[From a photograph.]
vestigation of the charges made against
nim by Mrs. Mary Abbott Davidson and
Mrs. M. A. Stockton.
He announced that he had asked the
Bay Association on Monday to appoint
the committee which is to investigate the
charges against him, and then requested
that the standing committee of the First
Congregational Church, which is com
posed of the eight deacons of the church
and five members of the congregation, act
in conjunction with the Bay Association
committee.
Dr. Brown evidently came to the prayer
meeting surcharged with anything but a
kindly feeling for the press and it 3 repre
sentatives, and before the evening was
over he took occasion to exhaust his some
what copious fountain of resentment.
None of the morning newspapers were
slighted. Each came in for special atten
tion. During the meeting the doctor
espied a representative of one of the papers j
conversing in subdued tones with a neigh- |
bor. The doctor quickly saw his oppor- J
tuinty. He stopped short in his exposi
tion uf the Bible text and addressed a curt
reprimand to the objectionable newspaper
man. Later he had the pleasure of placing
another newspaper representative— and a i
lady at that — in a most embarrassing posi- i
tion by asking her with evident malice
aforethought to lead in prayer. Then he
caijed into question the accuracy of
another reporter.
!.e:i the evening's services were
finished he alleged that he had been
continuously incorrectly reported by all j
the newspapers of the City, though in the
next breatli he admitted that he did not |
read them all. He then said:
"I shall ask, and do now ask, that the I
standing committee of th<; church meet in
my oihee— not my etudy — in the room
above.
"It is to the honor of this church that
not one word lias been said by a single
member that the pastor of it should be
asked to expiain any of the charges made
against him. Neither has any such de
mand been made by any officer of the
c'jurch, nor has any demand come to me
from any of the ministers of the church to
which ] am alienable, nor from any church
body; no demand of any kind has been
made on me that my character shall be in
vestigated.
'Ail who know me, know that my char
acter does not require investigation on trie
charges made by the woman now in jail,
fcne and those of" hf«r kind are the only
ones who nave made assaults on my repu
tation. x
"I may state now a fact that has not
been mentioned before— that the Bay As
sociation appointed its committee to in
vestigate these charges at my request. It
is not a court, and has no power to try me.
If that is done it must be done by the
regular procedure provided by the laws of
the Congregational church.
"I am not on trial, though the woman
who makes these charges is and that trial
will go on in due time. Meanwhile there
will be an investigation, so far as the
charges against me are concerned. But
there is nothing to compel me to discuss
the lines on which we propose to act, nor
the facts that are developed. "We have a
right to believe that the facts would be
made use of in the construction of a false
defense, and we therefore hold it to be our
right to withhold the facts that we propose
to use.
"I have asked the Bay Association,
which has not the same ministerial mem
bership as the Bay Conference, to appoint
a committee whose character will be above
suspicion, to canvass the evidence, and to
do that in connection with the standing
committee of this church, and tomasea
report to the public, which they will be
asked to accept till the close of this case in
cour*\
"This I have done without the slightest
hint from any one that there was a de
mand for it' from any member of this
church. Some words have oeen reported
to me that «?oine|one had said something
ought to be dune. No one has approached
me with any d eru and that there snail be
a-i investieation. I understand the tem
per of mv people and I know that these
reports a"re untrue and an injustice to you.
'1 know what my rights are in the case,
and shall proceed in this matter on the
full limits of my rights, as I do now in
placing the matter in the hands of the
standing committee appointed when no
ad been aroused in the church —
in asking that they shall take cliarge of
■ the documents and statements that affect
i niv refutation, and give forth to the com
munity snch a statement as they may
deem proper to make public, withholding
> such portions as might De improperly used.
"I want to call attention to the com-
plexion of the standing committee. There
are a number of members who were not in
accord with your pastor in certain discus
sions that caused a difference of opinion.
But it was an honest difference, and while
we never agreed on .Professor Herron's
teachings these same men are on the board
of deacons. These are honorable men and
to their consideration I am perfectly will
ing to submit the entire matter."
He mentioned Gilbert Dexter and Dr.
McLane by name and spoke in high terms
of their sense of honor and justice and
then referring to Dr. McLane he con
tinued :
"I hope it may be so managed that he
may be made a member of that committee.
"I am willing to lay the fact 3 before any
man whom this meeting may name, but
that is not the way of Congregationalists.
The standing committee of live or more
members elected by the congregation must
investigate the matter. The pastor has the
right to vote with them and to veto their
decision, but I shall forego my right to vote
and my right to veto any vote and shall
allow the standing committee to elect any
chairman they choose."
In conclusion Dr. Brown called particu
lar attention to erroneous impression that
had gone abroad regarding his stud}'. He
added that his study was at his home,
while his office was in the church. Apro
pos of tiiis explanation a curious story was
told after the prayer-meeting by a lady
who had occasion not long e<io to call on
the doctor at his office. She found a
placard on the door reading:
- "Dr. Brown is not in his study."
Nevertheless she knocked and' Dr. Brown
promptly responded in person. Of course
what the placard told was strictly true.
Dr. Brown, according to the explanation
made in the prayer-meeting last night, waa
not at that particular time in his study,
whatever may have been the purpose of
the guileless placard.
A SECRET SESSION.
Deacon Dexter Was Surprised That
the Press Representatives
Wanted to Attend.
At the conclusion of the prayer- meeting
Dr. Brown spent about ten minutes
shaking hands with members of his flock
and receiving assurances of friendship,
after whicb he adjourned to the apart
ment that he had requested should be
alluded to only as his ollice and not as the
pastor's study. Dr. Brown was accom
panied upstairs by the following members
of the standing committee: Gilbett Dex
ter, A. J. Dewing, J. Howard Barnard, T.
H. Hatch, L. B. Benchley, Thomas Kerr,
J. J. Yasconcelloa, and Messrs. G. 4.. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
■\Vestgate, J. F. Merrill, W. F. Christian
sen and F. A. Frank.
Just before leaving the scene of the
prayer-meeting Dr. Brown was asked by
the representatives of the press whether
they were .excluded from the meeting.
He replied, with great apparent affability,
that lie would find out the sense of the
meeting and let the newspaper men know.
Five or ten minutes wore away, however,
and as Dr. Brown's message came not, one
or two of the representatives of the press
ascended the staircase leading to the otiice,
the others following in the rear.
It happened that Mrs. Brown had been
in the prayer-meeting room when the re
porters withdrew. She hurriedly followed
them, and tinding that those in the van
had almost reached the top of the stair
case Mrs. Brown dashed after them, scat
tering them right and left, and before the
reporters had quite realized what had hap
pened Mrs. Brown had ascended the stair
case, traversed the corridor and, knocking
at the door, cried, "Charles." and entered
the office.
Deacon Dexter came forth in response to
the lady's appeal. He addressed the re
porters with an air of sorrowful superior
ity, assuring them that no publicity was
desired in the affair. The remainder of
Dr. suggestion that the press
might possibly be admitted did not lessen
the deacons disapproval of the fact that
the press should consider the secret de
liberations of the standing committee a
matter for publication.
Tor over an hour the committee was in
session. Toward 10 o'clock the members
of the committee descended, every one
beaming with inward satisfaction.
"Gentlemen," exclaimed Dr. Brown to
the press representatives, "our secretary
has the notes for you, so do not reproach
us with not giving an account of our pro
ceedings for publication."
The following was the document which
was given to the world as the result of the
hour's conference:
The standing committee of the First Congre
gational Church, to whom has been referred
the investigation of the charges against our
pastor, in conjunction with a committee of
prominent members of the Bay Association,
respectfully suggests to and asks the press of
Sun Francisco, in fairness to all concerned,
that they refrain from commenting upon the
case until such committee has fully canvassed
the subject and reeched a conclusion in the
whole matter.
Adopted by unanimous vote of the board of
deacons and standing committee.
It is understood that the real object of
the meeting held by the committee was to
arrange plans for conferring at some future
date with the committee of three ap
pointed last Monday by the Bay Associa
tion. This committee consists of Rev. Dr.
Williams, chairman; Itev. Mr. Wikuff. and
llev. Dr. Pond.
FROM THE ANTIPODES.
The Maripnsa Arrives 1 rom Australia
and the Islands This Horn
ing,
The steamer Mariposa, H. W. Hayward
commander, arrived at 1 o'clock this
morning from Australia and Honolulu.
She left Sydney on December 23 at 4 r. m.,
left Auckland on December 28 at 2 p. m.,
eft Apia on January 1 at 8 p. m. and Jeft
Honolulu on January 9 at noon,
carried a full list of cabin and steerage
passengers as here seen:
Cabin— From Sydney: J. 11. Bland, 1.. R
Tuttle, wife and child; D. Ackland, J. Walford,
C. Quimby, T. L. Bullard, C. K. Hayes, I. \V.
Hudson, H. 11. Jusiin, Captain HaUrow, Mrs.
N. A. Sickles, Captain C. Padersen, J. L. Davlea
and wife. P. Chapman, T. W. Hickson, J.M.
Smart, Mr. Garden.
From Apia— Hon. J. Mulligan, J. Mulllean
Jr., D. S. Parker.
From Honolulu— Mrs. W. Walker, Mrs. But
terbaugh and child, Miss Helen D'Auvrey, Mrs.
Keith. R. McVeigh.
Strtrape— From Sydney: T. Gaibsanger, H.
Gealhardt ; G. Edwa"rds, wife and four children ;
Mrs. Atcheson and son, A. Berger, Mrs. Har
greaves, R. Kerr, C. Walpole, V. Kchmidt X
Johnson, S. Bryand, W. Lahertin and wife, W
Dogherty, Miss K.Wallace, S. Hattie li. Kidd,
G. Hunt, C. Wright, James Gogo.
From Auckland— Mrs. Levy and son G
SDroule, O. iinuio, A. Sanders and wife 'and
Child. L. Harper, If. Blampid and wife, I Mc-
Kenzie, E. Batson, M. eheridan.
From Honolulu— I). Keating, W. Gage F
Goedecke.
STOCKTON'S BOOKMAKERS
They Have Left Town and Their
Departure Is Not
Mourned.
The Sports Would Not Accept the
Dispatches Unless Duly
Authenticated.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 15.— The book
makers have left town and the cause seems
to have been their inability to get reports
from San Francisco and the refusal of their
patrons to accept any returns as authentic
unless they came over one of the regular
telegraph lines.
The charge has openly been made in
one of the papers that some of the late re
ports never came over the lines and that
the instrument in the room made mean
ingless clicks. Before leaving Corbett's
manager said that he might return if he
could make arrangements to post the New
Orleans races.
This is hardly probable, however, as the
Council is preparing an ordinance which
will nave a prohibitive tax on thebookmak
ing business in this city. Among other
charges against the room is that they have
been using a "grapevine" report since the
wires were taken out at the track at San
Francisco.
THE CORRAL HOLLOW ROAD.
It Will lie in Operation by the First of
May.
STOCKTON, Cat,., Jan. 15.-John Tread
well, one of the principal promoters of the
Corral Hollow Railroad, returned to-day
from an inspection of the work on the line.
When asked how soon he expected to
see the railroad in operation, he replied
that if the difficulty with Crocker and
Dillon over a nsrnt-of-way, near the mouth
of Corral Hollow, was disposed of soon, he
expected to see the rodd putting coal into
Stockton by the Ist ol May. Mr. Tread
well deniea that the company will attempt
to enter the retail coal business in this
State.
"Our purpose." said Mr. Treadwell, "is
to get the road built as speedily as possi
ble in order to get the coal mines opened
for the market. Ido not know how many
trains will be run a day, ana we have not
as yet considered tne question of freights
and fares. We have sixty cars being built
in the East, and our locomotives are under
way at the Baldwin locomotive works."
Mr. Treadwell intimated that in case the
coal-dealers of the State combine in order
to try to keep up the price of coal the
company might protect the people and
hold good to its promise to give the State
cheap coal by becoming direct jobbers to
all purchasers of fuel.
The Carton Opium Seizure.
CARSON, New, Jan. 15.— The batch of
opium found at the race track recently
turns out to be genuine instead of bogus
as at first reported.
The United States Marshal reports that
he was unable to levy on the property of
James Heney, in satisfaction of the $,5000
tine imposed by the United States Court
as it was transferred after his conviction '
The Government will begin proceedings
to set aside the transfer as null and void.
CaUforniana Homeward Hound.
OMAHA. Nebk., Jan. 15.— The follow
ing Californians are westbound to-day on
the Union Pacific overland, limited: D.
S. Hirshburg, OatJand; M. King and wife
Mrs. C. Bell, August and Peter Waiters
and Mrs. M. A. Har«ha, to San Francisco.
Mrs. M. C. McCarty, on. a tour of the
world, is on the train.
A CONVICT AND
WOULD-BE KING
Agent Grunwaldt on the
Trial of Count de Tou
louse Lutrec.
IT WAS A REAL DRAMA.
How the Alleged Count Can Make
a Showing, but Have Nothing
to Build On.
SIGNED HIS NAME SAVVIN.
The Inside of Siberian Contracts—Cap
tain Lees Says the Count Is the
Famous Swindler.
The man who is either Count de Toulouse
Loutrec or Nicholas de Savin, the prince
of swindlers, erstwhile pretender to the
throne of Bulgaria, and Siberian convict,
is whirling toward St. Louis on a Central
Pacific train.
He left expectant people here and others
in Seattle, and one man came all the way
from the big Missouri city to take a hand
in the Count's railroad contract schemes.
He thought they were good, as did the
capitalists at Seattle who proposed to go
into his syndicate.
The attorney here who was called in
when the Count's contracts were trans
lated from the Russian language also has
coniidence in him. He says the alleged
Count didn't want any money ; that all he
wanted wns one-fifth of the interest in his
grading contracts, which he proposed to
turn over to others, and $300 a month
salary.
The attorney is A. Ruef. He says he
has seen copies of the Count's contracts,
THE ALLEGED COUNT DE TOULOUSE LOUTREC AND B. A. ALDRICII AS
TIIEY APPEARED IN THE PULLMAN SMOKER BOUND FOR ST. LOUIS.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
as translated; that the contracts were duly
sealed and bore the Russian arms. He
also say 3 that the original contractor is
one Galetski; that his contract is for 120
kilometers, or about lUO miles, and that it
is direct from the Russian Government.
From Galetski the Count took a contract
of twenty-four kilometers, or twenty miles,
of grading and has also bought Galetski's
plant. For the contract he is to give
Galetski 13 per cent of what the original
contract called for. Mr. Ruef also adds
that the Count says he has an income of
$9000 a year, but as he bought Galetski's
grading outfit it has left him about out of
cash. He cannot get his income in ad
vance, and he has therefore come over to
tli is country from Siberia to organize syn
dicates to complete his own twenty miles
and take Galetski's contract off his hands.
Mr. Ruef also says that, according to the
alleged Count's story, he has already or
ganized one syndicate at Seattle, ami has
a lot of good men in it, and that one or all
of them are going over to Siberia. One of
the documents is signed by the Commis
sioner of Police, Grosdoff of Harbarowsk,
the town at the end of the road from
Vladivostok. Mr. Ruef also tells that the
supposed Count had also a certiticate say
ing he owned real estate in the district of
Tomsk. Siberia, to the value of $9000 per
annum. It said he was a citizen of Xargen
and a freeholder of the Government of
Kalouga. Mr. Ruef also learned from the
document that the bearer's father was at
one time Governor of Kaloucra.
All ttiis on the surface "had a rather
plausible look, especially to those not in
formed as to the things behind the scenes
in the way of acquiring such documents in
Siberia, but C. M. Grunwaldt, the agent of
the Russian Fur Company, had a merry
look in his eye when all this was set forth
to him.
Mr. Grunwaldt is at the Occidental Ho
tel, having just returned from Siberia. He
was formerly a practicing attorney of Mos
cow, and for five or six years has been
journeying back and fortFi to Siberia in
connection with the business of his com
pany.
He knows most of the people mentioned
in the alleged contracts, and alsoDe Savin,
who is alleged to be posing as the Count
de Toulouse Loutrcc, though he has not met
him here. Fifteen years ago in Russia,
when Savin was getting well initiated in
the art of swindling, he came to him with
one of his promoting enterprises, of which
he always had a lot in sto«i;, for he is fer
tile of invention and ambidextrous as to
intellect.
The world-famous chevalier de l'industrie
called on him a couple of times, and had
also got a not overscrupulous Russian
business man to do the same, both being
hopeful that they conid make a landing of
Mr. Grunwaldt's cash. He was not to be
caught, and right on the heels of this both
were arrested and convicted.
Somewhere near the same period De
Savin met Mr. Grunwaldt's brother, and
tried to manipulate another scheme, but
in this also he was unsuccessful, for Mr.
Grunwaldt was warned in time.
Agent Grunwakit was in Russia when
the famous confidence man, who had been
a pretender to the throne of Bulgaria, wa3
finally tried, convicted and deported to
one of the Siberian penal colonies.
"I well remember his trial," said Agent
Grunwaldt, "though I did not attend it.
For the three or rive days it lasted the
courtroom was like a theuter and it was
packed to the utmost capacity. There was
tlie most intense interest in it.
"There were nineteen indictments in all
against him, and they all came up at once.
Russian laws, you know are different from
the laws here. Three Judges sat on. the
bench, and the bogus Count appeared, fol
lowed by a gendarme, bearing a naked
sword.
"As the trial proceeded Pc Savin took
an active part in it. His questions which
he asked witnesses and his replies were the
wonder of everybody. He. was sarcastic,
humorous and thoroughly brilliant
throughout. Lawyers like a man who is
bright, no matter whether they are against
him or not, and De Savin showed himself
a prodigy. His case was the talk of all
Kussia. * The papers devoted a great deal
of space to it, and in the clubs everybody
was discussina it.
"De Savin should have been an actor. If
he had gone on the stage, in six months he
would be the equal of any man in the
world. If he had gone into politics he
would have been eminent, for he has
brains equal to those of any Senator."
The alleged Count registered at the
Palace Hotel on December 3o as "De Savin,
Count de Toulouse Loutrec, entrepeneur
de chemin de fer," the latter words mean
ing promoter of railroads.
"There is no possibility of doubt." said
Mr. Grunwaldt, "that this is theconfidence
man De Savin. His own registration
shows it. The reason he did not call at
the Russian consulate was evidently be
cause he thought his history would be
called up. Then the Consul-General could
not recommend him in case any one came
to him.
"As to these so-called contracts, which
to the uninitiated would appear all ritrht,
what do they amount to? Nothing at ali.
I Know Galetski, the contractor alluded to,
very well, and his contract is all right, but
Galetski is not just the kind of a man I
would put the most confidence in. You
understand? He is not overscrupulous.
"He had a former contract on the road
and made t-ome 00,000 rubles, and then
went back and spent the most of it in wild
living. Now lie has another contract, and
it is understood he is about out of money.
Galetski is the kind of a man who, if any
man, no matter if he was an ex-convict,
came to him and said he could raise some
money on an enterprise in which he might
become interested, would say all right,
'Go ahead and get it.' All he would want
would be the money. If Durrant, up there
in prison, or some such man, should go to
him in this way, Galetski would tell him
to go ahead.
"I have an idea Galetski must be the
backer of De Savin. De Savin has doubt
less explained his belief that he could get
money in America, and Galetski, delighted
with the project, is not improbably aiding
him.
"But how did Do Savin get out of
Siberia? That's what mystifies me and it
is a good thine: to ask. He could not get
aw«y without passports unless he escaped,
and according to former regulations he
would not be allowed to go even if his
term of imprisonment had expired.
•'As to the alleged estate in Tomsk,
which is supposed to net a revenue of
?90<Xi a year, I cannot see how on earth he
could make such an amount if he had the
half of Siberia. The 'estate' may be ex-
plainable possibly on the ground that when
a convict is discharged he is usually given
a little place, but as a rule it is about an
acre in size. The Count has probably got
some one to say his estate returns an
income estimated at $9000 a year. If any
one here should dispute it he could say,
'Well, how are you going to prove it is not
so?' And how could you, unless you went
over to Tomsk?
"If the Count got any one into his
scheme he could draw $o00" a month, any
way, and be that much ahead as long as it
lasted. "When people went over from here
and protested that they had dropped
money Galetski could say he was sorry
and disappointed himself, but that De
Savin did it. Maybe De Savin's father was
once Governor of Kalouga. He camo
from a good family, and it is possible. It
is barely possible, too, that De Savin may
have some sort of a place there. The
thing all around has a very suspicious
look, however."
In all respects Agent Grunwaldt agreed
with the Russian Consul, General Artsimo
vitch, whose story has been given. He
says Savin was known as Nicolas de Savin
in Russia.
Seattle has some confidence in the al
leged Count, it appears, though a dispatch
from there last night emphatically denied
that anybody there had gone into any
syndicate with him. He conferred with
Earls & Donohoe, prominent railroad
builders, and with Henry ifc Balch, con
tractors on the Great Northern, all of
Seattle; also with Henry Hewell Jr. and
C. W. Griggs, railroad builders of Tacoma,
but they did not, as is stated, entertain
his schemes. However, in some way,
though short of funds at first, he suc
ceeded in getting 5000 rubles, which was
paid him through the National Bank of
Commerce. From this on, the dispatch
adds, he lived at a pretty rapid pace.
At the Gailhard the Count appears to
have settled his bills. Fernand Gillard,
who went about some with the Count, says
the latter was not such a great gentleman
as he at first supposed him. lie had no
letters of introduction, but he had many
names and addresses of different people,
and he refused, Gillard says, to call on the
French Consul.
Captain Leea had his eagle eye on Nich
olas de Savin, Count de Toulouse, for
some days previous to that Gentleman's
departure for the East. When asked his
opinion of the gay foreigner yesterday the
chief of detectives said emphatically :
"He is nothing but a bogus count, The
account in to-day's Call sums him up ac
curately. I received a letter several days
ago from a noted Russian in this City giv
ing his record beyond a doubt, for the gen
tleman is thoroughly reliable and knows
about this Savin; that's hisname — Savin —
and his criminal record was famous in
Europe in the '80s.
"The bogus Count de Toulouse was one
of the most noted of Russian swindlers.
He impersonated a French Count ten
years ago or more in all the large Euro
pean cities successively, and was particu
larly successful in swindling a lot of
banks. Although he wa& not a Count,
Savin came of a great Russian family and
was a highly educated and very plausible
man. They finally arrested him in Brus
sels, if I remember correctly, and extra
dited him to Russia, where* he was tried
and sentenced to hard labor in Siberia for
a number of years. During liis swindling
career in Europe this Savin posed under a
number of names, one of them being
Count de Toulouse."
Captain Lees stated that the gentleman
who had first given him information that
the Count de Toulouse, who recently ar
rived from Siberia, was the famous
swindler had had his own suspicions
aroused by a Russian officer, who had
identified the Count on the way down from
Seattle. "This officer," said Captain Lees,
"went to my informant and stated that
Bavin — plain Savin, remember — had got to
America, and that he thought the man was
swindling here. Ha had not lost any of
his winning address from his exile in
Siberia; but it was not likely that he
would do that, for he is a man of education
and was at one time an officer in the Rus
sian army."
Captain Lees had been shadowing the
Count for some days previous to that
gentleman's departure for St. Louis. It is
his belief that the plausible stranger will
never come back aearn. "He knows better
than to return to San Francisco," said the
detective.
B. A. Aldrich of St. Louis, who came
here and conferred with the alleged Count
on his railroad schemes, and finally took
him to St. Louis, paying the Count's ex
penses, did so at the instigation of his
employers, the Kilbourne and Jacobs
Manufacturing Company of Columbus,
Ohio. They are said to be the largest
manufacturers of railroad contract supplies
in the country. A dispatch about the
Count's schemes wired to an Eastern news
paper is said to have been the cause of the
hurry to deal with the Count. The inside
of his different projects was then not
understood.
The Count Interviewed.
CHEYENNE, Wvo., Jan. 16.— Count de
Toulouse Loutrec passed through here, en
route to St. Louis, at 2:30 o'clock this
morning. He was accompanied by B. M.
Aldrich of St. Louis, from whom the Count
expects to secure a large amount of capital
for investment in his Siberian railway
enterprise.
"When asked if lie had ever been im
prisoned in Siberia the Count langhed
heartily and said his experience in Siberia
had been more pleasant than that of a
prisoner. He had been there, he ad
mitted, for several months last year, but it
was on business and he was in no sense a
prisoner and never had been.
Mr. Aldrich expressed the opinion that
the Count was all right. He had examined
his papers and was satisfied he is just
what he has represented himself to be "and
that he is worth 200,000 rubles and has an
income of 5000 rubles a year.
This evening Mr. Aldrich received a tele
gram from a San Francisco friend, whose
name he declined to give, advising him
not to close any contract with the Count,
as it was reported he was a fraud. "Of
course," said Aldrich, "I will investigate
these charges, but at the present time I
am inclined to believe thorn false."
''Assure the people of San Francisco."
said the Count, >: that 1 never was a pris
oner in Siberia or any other place; that I
went to Siberia on business and expect to
go there again."
DEPOSITORS CAUSE ITS FAZL.
Withdrawals I'recipitate the Failure of a
Minneapolis Haul;.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minx., Jan. 15.— As
soon as business hours had opened in
banking circles this morning the an
nouncement was made that the City Bank
on the corner of Third street and Henne
pin avenue had closed its doors. Among
bankers and those in a position to know
there was general credence given to the
statement from the City Bank officials that
the bank stood good for every cent of its
deposits, and that it had been forced to
suspend its business by the withdrawal of
heavy deposits and inability to collect its
notes.
Bank Examiner Kenyon was in Minne
apolis Monday and at that time examined
the condition of the bank. He then ad
vised the officers not to suspend, as the
bank was perfectly solvent, according to
his statement, even if less than 75 per cent
were collected on the paper it holds. How
ever, the withdrawal of deposits, which
nas been going en for the last few days,
left the bank powerless, and this morning
it found itself forced to discontinue opera
tions. It is now in the hands of Mr. Ken
yon and his assistants, and an examina
tion is being made.
T. J. Buxton is president of the City
Bank; A. H. Linton, vice-president, and
L. EL Buxton, assistant cashier. The bank
was organized in October, 1872.
riSALIA. SOCIETY WEDUIXG.
Robert A.skin and Miss Lou. Dinelley
Are United for JAfe.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 15. — Herbert
Askin, a popular merchant of Visalia, was
married this evening to Miss Lou Dinelley
at the residence of the bride's
parents. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. C. Linsley, the Episcopal
minister from Hanford.
The residence of Mr. and Mrs. Dinelley
was beautifully decorated, and was
thronged with relatives and friends of the
contracting parties.
Many friends of the bride and groom
were present from San Jose, Sacramento
and San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Askin will begin house
keeping as soon as they return from a trip
to the city in a beautiful cottage just
completed. They are both popular young
people, and have the best wishes 6f the
entire community for their future happi
ness.
BKH Valley Wife- Heater.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 15.— Henry
Burgeson will be tried before Justice
Fathell on Saturday on a charge preferred
against him by his wife. Burgeson is ad
dicted to the liquor habit and when in
toxicated beats his wife and drives her
from their home.
He was arrested some time ago and was
to have been tried, but managed to escape.
Hs was captured in San Francisco yester
terday and will stand trial Saturday.
Sold Counterfeit Tickets.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. ir>.-The
United States Grand Jury returned indict
ments yesterday against Eugene Barrett
and Joseph Wener for using United States
mails to defraud. Some mouths ago Bar
rett and Wener, who have a ticket office in
this city, were arrested on a cearge of sell
ing counterfeit passenger tickets over the
Southern Pacific, but as there was no law
against counterfeiting railroad tickets, the
railroad had recourse to the law governing
the use of the mails.
Against the l'ullman Company,
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 15.— Judge
Dallas in the United States Circuit Court
has allirmed the report of the master in
the suit of the Central Transportation
Company against the Pullman Palace Car
Company. The Central Transportation
Company is awarded $2,552,000, with eleven
years' interest.
Petitions for a Receiver.
CHICAGG, 111., Jan. 15.— A bill has
been tiled in the Superior Court asking for
a receiver for the Calumet Iron and Steel
Company of South Chicago. The bill sets
forth a bonded indebtedness of $400,000, ot
which $300,000 is secured by a iirst mort
gage, and a floating indebtedness of $280,
--000.
JFitiances of Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 15.— The re
port of the expert employed by the Grand
Jury on the county books was submitted
to-day. It is understood that Expert
Wright's report deals very plainly with
the extravagance, if not criminal careless
ness, in allowing certain bills against the
county.
"ONE YEAR BORROWS ANOTHER YEAR'S FOOL."
YOU DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
LAST YEAR. PERHAPS YOU WILL NOT THIS YEAR.
AUCTION SALES.
auctmT"
THIS DAY
THURSDAY JANUARY 16, 1890,
AT 12 M., BY
YON RHEIN t CO.,
-A-t Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Sell by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Miss on block 48 bounded by 15th,
16th, Harrison and Folsoro, belonging to the City,
■ fronting about 63 feet on 16th and 123 feet on Har-
rison: depths irregular; diagrams si oar office; 10
per cent of purchase price to be paid to the auc-
tioneer; remainder on acceptance of bid by Mayor
Sutro, who reserves the right to reject any and all
bids. _ / -_
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS.
Brannan and Bluxoine Strict Lots.
100x120— S. line of Brannan St., 200 feet W. of
4th: also
60x120— N. line of Bln.xome st., 250 W. of 4th.
To be sold us a whole or In lots. .
Rents S184; Folsom, Sliotwoll and ITHi.
245x140— As a whole or in lots— Entire X. front
of 17th, bet. Kolsom and Shotwcll, fronting 140 on
Folsom and Sliotwell, with funk factory leased at
$140 to .-September, 1897, and 4, cottages on 1 ol-
aoni st.
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Kent 9187.
56:8x68:9— 8E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts.
55:10x63:9— E. line of Stockton; 81:8 S. of
Clay: the whole covered by Chinese stores anri
dwellings, paying at greatly reduced rents $187
per month. " _
Page, near Market ; Rentf* 87G.
27:6x120—117-119 Pane and 126-1261/3 Roie
avc, \V. of Gongh; I'- blocks from Market: mod-
ern improvements; rents reduced from $120.
Sacramento-St. Cor. Cheap; Rent 816.
30x46—929 Sacramento: SVV. cor. Of Prospect
place, above Stockton; both streets accepted.
Natoma, bet. 3d and New Montgomery.
20x70—140 Natoma; front and rear bouse; rent
$30; sure to increase in value.
SE. Cor. California and 21gt Are.
57:6x100— A fine corner; superb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
ings. •
2'Jtl, Residence, Near Guerrero.
25x114—741 -_"_(1 : 7 rooms and bath; the house
is in need of repairs, but with, a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
17th, near Howard; Rent 849.
25x100—214 17th, bet. Howard nnd Capp: rents
$49; laundry pays $35 and ha» lease.
Noe and Henry Street Lot.
V!sxBo each— 2 lots K. lino of Xoe, running 25
feet S. of Henry; 1 block from Market.
25x75— line of Henry, 80 feet E. of Noe; 1
i block :rom Market.
I =
Hygienic
Goods!
■s5. "Z 85c
2-quart Pountain Syringes, with extra pipes.. .750
3-quart Fountain Syringes, with extra pipes. ..850
4-quart Fountain Syringe, with extra pipe.. SI. OO
1-quart Hot Water Bag 500
2-q.uart Hot Water Bag <jo<:
3-quart Hot Water Bag <;.->.;
4-quart Hot Water Bag 7 00
No. 15 Bulb Syringe, in wood box, extra qual-
ity fittings 500
No. 7 line Metal Valve Chamber, with three
Hard Rubber Tabes 850
No. 12 Best Quality and Most Complete.... Sl. '£ 5
Ladies' Rubber Gloves, all sizes 850
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
VONDA SYRINGES.
«sissrjjm?vttk /~|NCE MORE in harmony
1 I 1 Wv^a v with the world, 2000
filL2\T *\s. completely cured men aro
msr **\ Einginc happy praises for
I ilS^# ; L,., the greatest, grand-
■t^luJ^fCfos^pw cst and most suc-
frrTrnii>>y«^.yO»J cessf ul euro for sex-
PlWnN§vv"? u:d w ealcnes3 and
-fv \^Jl^V vigor known to
'■ PvS^-JK'YMjm^v medical science. Aa
, i J /^^^^/fiSrX V account of this won-
A*r3 s!7 ! Z*&v : *sirjS (trrful discovery, iv
r-^^ if/jr*K^ lifc*^ hook form , wits ref-
**^ KrL^&->' v erenccs and proofs,
, , v . will bo Bent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vj C or
permanently restored. Failure impossible.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFFfiLO,N.Y.
Sit I fM s WAYHE'S
ABSOLUTELY CXTBS3. OinTsVIEN i
%-na iimple application of " Swim's Oiht«»!«t" wither*
may internal mtdicloe. will care in? oi» of TMter, salt
Pilra.lteh , Serei. Pi apln. F.nrii pe l»«,&c
BO matter Hot obstinate rrlone<tandlDt. ft* 1 hr nrv.egiitt,
or lent or mail far in eta. 3 r.cir.i, fI.M Id^roi, Daw
flWAxn « Sen, rUlaOslfkis, fa. Ait jttu diuc^jil tsxit»
56
CHARLES Al. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage; Free V
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
bund ay Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.80
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
TOepbone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
£.17 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes ItKCt; open until 9:80 o'clock.
717 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
ti :'.: 9 o'clock. EShfS
IMS Mission street: open until 9o'clocl&
Ale riinih Itreet; open until 0 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE x
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Sooma SI and 32, 34 Park How, New York City. I
DAVID DC FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THUiiSDAY JANUARY 18, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The gold goes, but the goldbug stays
with us.
Senator Foraker will sound well and
sound often.
The break in the Solid Eight is decidedly
a rift in the cloud.
Every time the Kaiser talks through his
hat it Bounds like a war drum.
The war-trumpet racket is about over
and France never tooted a horn.
The Venezuelan commission is composed
of wise men ; it makes haste slowly.
We shall see the hrisrht side of the rain
in the blooms of the coming festivals.
If the House doesn't look out the Senate
will beat it making grand-stand plays.
Grover's loan is successful in one re
spect, but it is a failure in statesmanship.
There is no hope that the funding-bill
fight will blow over; we must brace up
to it.
Ohio has a national feeling in its worst
form, for she has a delicit of her own to
feel tired over.
It will be a long stride toward munici
pal cleanness when we get the fake pool
rooms out of town.
Wherever the National Democratic Con
vention meets the thermometer will "be
highest this summer.
The war flurry has mirrored the opinion
of the world well enough to enable John
Bull to see himself as others see him.
The country is still waiting to see if any
Democratic leader has the nerve to step
on the tail of the third-term movement.
The Canadian crisis, lite those of the
rest of the world, seems inclined to revolve
back into the same hole it evolved from.
Why should Congress put a free coinage
order on the tariff bill when it could draw
up an omnibus bill and let them all ride?
John Sherman will soon realize his de
sire to have a Republican colleague to as
sist him in representing Ohio in the Senate.
In opposing himself to the sentiment of
humanity the Sultan may find that benev
olent feeling to be about as dangerous as a
buzzsaw.
There will not be much complaint if
Cleveland gets a renomination, for it will
furnish too good a chance for the long
desired kick.
The votes given for the re-election of
Senator Brice were few, but they were al
most as dear to him as if they had been
enough to elect him.
The new poet laureate might try his
band at a paraphrase on Tennyson's line,
•'Ana the nations do but murmur, snarl
ing at each other's heels."
Now that some of the Supervisors have
begun to show an interest in what the
preachers say they ought to go to church
regularly and get it straight.
If the financial complications lead to
the establishment of postal savings banks
we shall get some proiit for the people out
of our troubles, and the profit will be
lasting.
Complaint is made in Boston that dates
for the sparring matches of the season con
flict with those of the Grand Opera, and
lovers of the fine arts will be knocked out
of one show or the other.
It must not be taken for granted that we
have seen the last Cleveland loan, for it is
almost sure that if Congress does not head
him off he will issue another $100,000,000
of bonds before bis term closes.
Republican Congressmen who have any
temptation to vote against the party on
an important measure should remember
Lincoln's warning about the folly of
swapping horses while crossing a stream.
The eoogoos, garoos and gazoos have
gone to their holes, but we now hear from
the East of "baboo statesmanship," and it
seems to refer to the statecraft of people
who do not agree with Theodore Roosevelt.
Taking all the persons connected with it
in one way or another, Harvard Univer
sity now forms a community of about 5000
people, and may yet catch the extension
fever and seek to incorporate all Boston.
Eastern Republicans are moving rapidly
in preparing for the Presidential cam
paign. Three State conventions have been
called for this month, two for February,
and it is probable that before the end of
April most of them will be held.
The new Mayor of Brooklyn calls atten
tion to the fact that the trolley-cars in that
city have had 130 victims and asserts that
the slaughter must be stopped, but unfor
tunately he put a stop to himself at that
point and did not say how he would man
age the trolleys.
The newly issued Harvard University
catalogue for 1895-96 forms an octavo vol
ume of C)SG pages, and is not only hand
somely printed but well and attractively
bound. The general summary of the uni
versity shows a faculty of 3U> teachers,
with 23% students of arts and sciences and
3GOO in all departments. The summer
courses were attended last season by 573
students.
THE DELEGATES APPOINTED.
The delegates appointed by Mayor Sutro
to the convention to be held in- this City
next Saturday represent the widest possi
ble range of local interests and political
parties, and their selection may be taken
to mean a guaranty of their loyalty to the
best interests of the State. The news from
the interior indicates that the local authori
ties everywhere are responding promptly
to the call for delegates, and that on
Saturday California will send up such a
protest against the railroad funding bill as
Congress cannot afford to ignore.
It has been hinted that the interests
favoring the funding measure will find
a means of securing a representation in
the convention, and that, as a result,
efforts will be made to produce a division
of sentiment and thus present a broken
front to Congress. We do not believe that
these fears have a proper foundation. Of
course, it is not to be supposed that any
thing having the color of friendliness to
the funding bill will appear in the delib
erations; that would be too bold and bare
faced. If any fight is made at all it will
be made for the purpose of creating a
division on the question of the ground
which the protest should be made to
cover.
The call is specifically for a convention
to prepare a memorial to Congress
against the passage of a measure extend
ing the time in which the debtor railroads
shall discharge their obligations to the
Government. That is all. Any effort to
go beyond this to any extent or to adopt
any plan other than protesting against an
extension of the debt by funding or other
wise would likeiy precipitate a conflict
and nullify the purpose of the meeting.
It Is in that possibility that the hope of
the railroads lies. Whatever individual
ideas some of the delegates may have be
yond the purpose of this convention, and
however wise their plans might be, the
fact is clear that this meeting wouid not
be the proper place for promulgating
them. Above all things unanimity of
action is essential, and there can be no
difference of opinion on the subject of de
feating the funding bill.
AN UNPOPULAK POPULIST.
Whatever else Mayor Davie of Oakland
may not be, he is certainly not a good
Populist, for he has been read out of hia
parly and held up to public scorn, be
cause, although elected as that party's
candidate, he has violated its principles in
advocating an issue of bonds for municipal
improvements. "Upon a platform opposed
to the issuance of bonds," explains a Pop
ulist who assisted in degrading him from
his high place as a member of the party,
'•John L. Davie was elected Mayor of Oak
land. But Mr. Davie had not been Mayor
throe months before he came out for
bonds."
This same gentleman thus reports what
Mr. Davie said to him in justitication: "It
is too bad the people do not understand
the difference between a Government bond
and a municipal bond. A municipal bond
is for permanent improvements, and the
people get something out of it. We ought
to build a concrete wall around the city
front and fill behind it with dredgings
from the harbor. We ought to have every
street in town paved with bitumen. "We
can't do these things without bonds. Be
sides, it would give 2000 men employment
for rive years. We ought to have $3,000,000
in bonds of that kind."
If it be, as this Populist antagonist of
Mayor Davie intimates, that the nomina
tion was secured merely to get the office,
and that Mr. Davie was never a Populist at
heart, then he has acted in bad faith aad
is unworthy. But at the same time it is
reasonable to assume that he was really a
Populist when elected, and that the wis
dom which experience brings to an intelli
gent and conscientious office-holder might
have broadened his understanding to the
extent of alienating him from some Popu
list doctrines.
The people of San Francisco, recognizing
the great advantages which would accrue
to the State from improving the shipping
facilities of this harbor, are moving stren
uously to rid their own harbor of the evils
■which are far greater at Oakland and
which shut that city against the commerce
of the world. Mr. Davie seems to be prov
ing that he is a better Mayor than Populist
by advocating the creation of a debt
whose employment would not only pro
duce the means for its own extinction, but
which, in addition, would create a splendid
profit, represented by the increased pros
perity, business and wealth of his city. In
view of these considerations. Mayor Davie
can afford to rest under a cloud which
may be really a nimbus.
WITH INCREASED ENEEGY.
The commendable action of the Board
of Supervisors in setting apart $J5,000 for
beginning the improvement of Foisom
street will have a iar better effect than the
paving of the thoroughfare from Nine
teenth street to Eighth, for it has given to
Southside improvement clubs an incentive
to work for stiil more far-reaching bene
fits. Already they have adopted resolu
tions thanking the board and expressing
a determination to improve the condition
of the entire Mission district.
At the same time there is positive as
surance that the paving of Folsom street
will be properly done— the exposure of in-
competency and disgraceful work in the
Street Department arc too recent to have
been forgotten, and it is taken for granted
that the Southside improvement clubs
will keep a jealous watch on the important
improvement soon to be taken in hand.
There should not be the slightest relaxa
tion of diligence in the matter.
In another year the entire length of
Folsom street will be made a smooth, ele
gant and inviting thoroughfare. Not only
will it serve to relieve Market street of
much of the tratiic which extends to the
Mission, but it will at once become one of
the most popular pleasure drives in the
City. The pavement of some cross street
between Folsom and Market and the ex
tension of the improvement to the net
work of boulevards to which access may
be had over the Ocean House road to In
gleside, the beach and the park will make
Folsorn street second only to Golden Gate
avenue as a fashionable driveway. This
will produce an important effect on the
property of the street and on the desira
bility of the Mission extension as a place
of residence.
AMERICAN SHIPS.
The National Association of Manufac
turers has taken advantage of the recent
threat cf disturbance between the United
States and England to call attention to
the necessity for a greater encouragement
of American shipping interests. It truth
fully asserts that the severe restrictions
which we place on our own commerce and
the liberality of England to the merchant
marine of that country have not only
crippled our facilities for export and im
port, but have made it possible for Eng
land to cover the seas with ships which
are valuable adjuncts to her wonderful
fighting navy.
Great Britain has accomplished this
principally in two ways. One is to exer
cise a supervision over the construction of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
private steam vessels with a view to their
efficiency as assistants to the navy in the
event of war. Another is the policy of
subsidizing steamship lines, especially
those running to distant countries, in
order that Biitish commerce and influence
may be extended to every part of the
world. That the same encouragement is
not extended to sailing vessels is evidence
of the fact that the superior value of
steamships in case of war is a factor in the
encouragement extended.
It was through the subsidizing of the
Canadian Paciiic Railway's line of steamers
to the Orient, coupled with the arbitrary
and uncontrolled exactions of the Amer
ican lines, that the trans-American trade
of the Orient was largely diverted from
American to English lines. Many years
ago, iong before the Canadian railway
was projected, a hard effort was made to
induce the United States Government to
assist with a subsidy a line of steamers be
tween Australia and California, but the
project failed.
The disastrous experience of our Gov
ernment in extending aid to overiand rail
roads has turned the people against any
proposition for subsidizing transportation
lines, whether on land or sea, but that does
not alter the fact that England's suprem
acy on the ocean has been promoted by
the intelligent pursuit of such a policy.
It is an interesting fact, however, that the
paternal oversight which England exer
cises over the private lines which it subsi
dizes prevents scandal. If the United
States had ever practiced anything like a
similar care the shameful history of the
aided railroads of thiscountry would never
have been written.
The vital difference between subsidies to
railroads and to steamship lines is that
the latter have a bearing on international
relations while the former have not. It is
as yet too early to advance the doctrine of
American subsidizing of American steam
ship lines, but it certainly is high time se
riously to consider the suggestion made by
the National Association of Manufacturers
that American imports ana exports be car
ried only in American vessels. Such a re
quirement would be as effectual as a sub
sidy, and would have the advantage of be
ing free from the danger of scandal.
TAXATION EEFOEMS.
Some of the interior cities of the State
are moving to take advantage of the law
permuting them to elect that the assess
ing of city property for the purposes of
municipal taxation shail be done by the
County Assessor. The only possible ex
cuse for a separate City Assessor is to give
employment to a politfcal worker and a
number of deputies, and this imposes an
unnecessary tax on the industry of the
people. The County Assessor is voted for
by tne electors of a city and is an officer of
their selection. For that matter the func
tions oi an Assessor cannot be considered
in connection with anything that may
have the character of a distinctive local
policy, and hence they are altogether dif
ferent from those of a Mayor or Board of
Councilmen.
The absurdity of the present plan of
having separate Assessors is seen in the
variance between the assessments made by
the two officers in dealing with the same
properties. It is not sufficient to argue
that one Assessor is easier to handle by
large taxpayers than two, for besides the
privilege of electing honest Assessors we
have local Boards of Equalization charged
with the duty of preventing discrimina
tions.
The District Attorney of Alameda
County has recently given the Board of
Supervisors of that county an opinion that
further extends the usefulness of the
County Assessor, and that, if taken advan
tage of, will work a great public con
venience. It is that the Assessor is re
quired by law to register all voters who
apply to him for registration. As the
Assessor's deputies cover the entire county
and come in contact with every property
owner they can accept registrations with
great facility and' thus save voters a great
deal of time and trouble in seeking the
district registration places provided by the
County Clerk.
PERSONAL.
J. Stitt, a business man of Ukiah, is here.
Dr. F. AY. Hatch oi Agnewsis in the City.
Dr. B. E. Rokyta of Russia is at the Occiden
tal.
W. E. Gett, an attorney of Sacramento, is at
the Lick.
E. May, a wealthy merchant of Portland, is
at the Lick.
D. B. Lyon, a business man of Red Bluff, has
arrived here.
Judge S. Solon Hall of Sacramento arrived
here yesterday.
Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding is among
recent arrivals.
K. C. KeUs, a merchant of Yuba City, arrived
here yesterday.
Dr. C. A. Lanson of Yreka is here, accompa
nied by his wife.
C. F. Mou lton, the extensive grain farmer of
Coiusa, is in the City.
District Attorney W. T. Williams of .los An
geles is on a visit here.
W. H. Dixon, a railroad man of Salt Lake,
arrived here yesterday.
A. H. Hart, the owner in an extensive silk
house in New York, is at the Palace.
Chairman F. H. Gould of the Democratic
State Central Committee is in town.
Z. W. Burnharu, a well-known grain and
wool grower of Chico, is at the Grand.
J. E. Terry, the wealthy lumberman and
horse-owner of Sacramento, is in town.
John Markley of Gaerneville, Secretary of
the State Hoard of Examiners, is at the Lick.
J. C. Stubb*, third vice-president of the
Southern Pacific and general traffic malinger,
is en route to Houston, Tex., to meet Passenger
A«ent Morse of the Atlantic system and repre
sentatives of the Morgan steamship line re
garding freight matters.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Ni:\Y YORK, X. V., Jan. 15.— A. Bouvier and
wife are Rt the Holland; W. F. Kobinson, Grand
Union; M. Hughes, Murray Hill; C. Ma«ndel,
Park Avenue; G. L. Burrows, St. Cloud: B.
Mauzy, Hoffman, and J. F. Tucker, Holland.
MAY PROVOKE A SMILE.
Nell— Do you liks the girl your brother Tom
is engaged to?
Belle— Xo, but Tom likes her enough for the
whole family, so what earthly difference does
it make?— Somerville Journal.
Conductor— Can you squeeze a lady in there?
Gents (in delighted chorus)— Certainly!— Bris
tol Magpie.
"Jabber's son, they say, could talk when only
two weeks old."
"That's nothing:. The Bible says Job cursed
the day he was born."— Judge.
'■Why is Miss Proper's picture so severe?"
"The photographer asked her to look pleas
ant. "—Detroit Free Press.
"Here," said the foreman to the editor, "is a
poem on Cuba."
•'Kill it," replied the editor. "Our sympa
thies are with the insurgents and we will not
put a straw in the way of their success 1"— At
lanta Constitution.
Miss Passay— So Mr. Dauber said I reminded
him of the Venice of Milo?
Belie— No; he simply said the Venice of Milo
was very antique.— Philadelphia Record.
Mrs. Bilter— Willie, has your mother been
buying a new rug?
Willie Slimson— Yes. You wouldn't know
there was a hole in the carpet now, would you?
Detroit Free Press.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
It 5s a long time since Paris has seen as suc
cessful a new opera as "La Jacquerie," which
was produced a Bhort time ago at the Opera
Comique. A reporter of Le Figaro tells in the
following way how he cornered the successful
composer, Arthur Coquard, in the loyc-r of the
opera-house on the opening night," after the
beautliul second act, when the people were
making the building ring with applause:
" 'Is it possible that you are 49?' I asked.
'Alas, yes,' answered the composer. 'Then
there is no time to lose; give me some biog
raphical notes at once.* 'Perhaps lam the
only living composer,' answered Coquard,
'who at 10 did not know his notes. One day I
picked up an elementary exercise and taught
myself its contents. Then 1 composed a mili
tary inarch' ana showed it to Caesar Frank, who
was professor in the college where I studied.
"It has neither head nor tail," said he, "but all
the same you should study harmony." I
plodded on for three months, then I wag seized
with an instinctive fear of music, the sort of
LOUISE MlilT.l, THE AMERICAN WHO WILL SING IN MASSENET'S
"NAVARKAISE."
[Sk^jhed from life by W. A. Rogers. Reproduced from the Song Journal]
fear a man feels for a woman he admires in
teusely. but has not the right to love.' Here
Coquard stopped, for the musicians!, headed by
Ambroise Thomas, arrived in crowds to con
gratulate him, some with tears in their eyes.
The composer continued in phrases that were
interrupted by the eulogies of his friends.
'1870 came; I went to the war, and one night,
sitting in my tent, I read the choruses to
Racine's "Esther." Then music awoke in me,
seized me irresistibly/so that I could no longer
hold back. I mutt put those choruses to music,
so I yielded and wrote them. The war over, I
showed my xausio to /rank. "Those choruses
settle it." he said, "you must be a musician." I
had taken the same resolution and that's all—
or rather that was the beginning of my artiitic
life.' "
There was a time, as all Calitornians know, j
when Massenet's greatest delight was to write J
roles for Miss Sibyl Sanderson, and he was wont j
to declare fervently, when that lady's inter
pretation of the same proved successful, that
he owed his success, not to himself, but to the
fair singer. Then the "Cavallena Hustieana"
came into fashion, and Massenet found that all
his operas of the "Esciairmonde" and the
"Manon" type, works in which Miss Sanderson
had bhone, were very light weights, out of
France, compared to Mascagni's passionate,
declamatory little opera. Massenet re
solved to keep up with the times, and write a
pendant to ths "Cavalieria Kusticana," so he I
produced "La Navarraise," something to which !
Mi-s Sanderson's talents were quite unfitted, j
Calve as Anita made the noisy little opera)
famous, but Massenet, though he had grown a
little tired of owing a.i his inspiration to Miss
Sanderson, liked American singers on general
principles and cast about for some other native
of the New World at whose feet he might lay
his Mnscagnisque laurels. He has found her
In the person of Louise Nikita, Ambroise
Thomas' ideal Mignon. Massenet has lately
been drilling Nikita in the part of Anita and
he Is burning at her shrine all the artistic in
cense he once burnt before Miss Sibyl Sander
son. It is Nikita for whom he predicts extra
ordinary success, who is the phenomenal artist,
and who is possessed o£ the "extraordinary
voice" and "the dramatic power."
Perfidious Massenet, to let his admiration
slide round with the latest fashion in opera.
Under the able guidance of their president,
Mrs. Selden S. Wright, the Young Ladies'
Orchestra of San Francisco has for several
yuars given charity concerts, which have
always been social and financial successes.
More than ij&OOO has been donated by the
young ladies. They have played for the
Maria Kip Orphanage, the Protection and
Relief Society, the llcyneman Hospital, for the
Pioneer Kindergarten here and for the Oak
land one; and twice have they aided the
Children's Hospital. Not only have these
young girls given their time and ability, but
the orchestra has also spent considerable
money on each occasion. Now, so as to enable
them to continue their charitable work, a
number of our most prominent men have ten
dered the young ladies a benefit concert,
which will take place in the near future. It
will be a brilliant social and musical event,
for all will be anxious to assist and show their
appreciation of the gifted young musicians.
Several German papers state that Mascagnl
is writing his memoirs, which will include an
account of his last triumphal tour across
Europe. These papers state that his memoirs
will include impress-ions of Berlin, Vienna,
Sofia, Belgrade and Constantinople, etc. And
the strangest thing is that this news has been
spread broadcast without eny one pausing to
relied that Mascagni coulU not possibly write
his memoirs of ijplin, Belgrade and Constanti
nople, because he never has been there.
Theodore Dubois, who is well known in this
country as a composer of organ music, has
just produced a new opera at the Paris Opera
Comique. The work has not been unfavorably
criticized though the music is said to show
weakness in the dramatic scenes. One critic
says of Dubois' new opera, "Xaviere": "It is
charming to see a composer who says what he
thinks in a simple manner and who does not
try to move heaven and efirth to show us the
love-making of a couple of peasants."
II Trovatorc is authority for the statement
that Sir Arthur Sullivan's collaborator, Gilbert,
was interviewed recently by a London lady
reporter. "The celebrated librettist," so runs
the Italian paper, "received the lady inter
viewer with much cordiality, and answered all
her questions; but the following day he sent to
the paper she represented a bill for 20 guineas
($100) as damages for Having wasted his time
iv conversing with the lady."
"Fredegonde," an opera commenced by the
late M. Giraud, and completed by Saint-Saens,
has been well received in Paris. The opera
was found unfinished among the papers in
Giraud's desk, and was taken by friends to
Saint-Saens, who consented to prepare the
work for the stage. Saint-Saens took the M.S.
to the Orient with him, and wroto as he trav
eled in the wilds oi Java and the Malay Pen
insula.
Le Figaro tells the following gallant little
episode: "Recently the Prince of Wales paid a
visit to Mme. Adelina Paiti at her castle at
Craig-y-No-, in weather that was simply abom
inable. 'All the same.' said the diva discon
solately, 'I prayed heaven to give us line
weather.' 'In that case,' replied the Prince, 'it
is your fault that it rnins. for if you had sung
your prayer It would assuredly have been
granted.' "
In recognition of Mme. Xordica's recent phe
p.omenal success as Isolde, and in appreciation
of the reflected ulory it casts upon America for
being responsible for yet another truly great
singer, who has accomplished her success
largely through American pluck and determina
tion, it has been decided to present her with a
jeweled testimonial. A number of leading New
York people have subscribed to the fund.
Minister Barazzuoli of Italy has a new meas
ure in prospect which, if it is passed, will make
it the law that after the copyrights of operas
have expired, instead of becoming public prop
erty, they shall revert to the state. The Minis
ter's idea is to let the proceeds accruing from
tin; copyrights be used for the support of state
conservatories and musical lyceuins.
Gounod v:as not only a composer, but a jour
nalist, especially during his sojourn in Eng
land. A book is about to be issued containing
some of the master's contributions to English
and French papers, togetherjwith other essays,
HOUSE ON PRINCE STREET, NEW YORK, IN WHICH PRESIDENT MONROE DIED
In 1825 President Monroe retired from the
Presidency and went to a place which he had
bought in Loudoun County, Va., called Oak
llill, says the New York Press.
Here he hoped to end his days as a country
gentleman, keeping up something of the state
with which he had been nearly all his life sur
rounded. But now the evil days came upon
him. 11l health and pecuniary troubles ha
rassed him night and day. , For five years he
fought against bodily infirmities and the
harassment of debts.
Then, in IS3O, Mrs. Monroe died, and he govo
which will In all probability prove highly in
teresting.
"Jubel," a lyric drama in four acts by Arthur
Coquard, has been accepted at the Theater de
la Monnaie, Brussels. The libretto is founded
on Mme. Simone Amand's drama, "The Sons of
Jubel."
What's in a name? "Hansel and Gretel" has
been produced at the Czech Theater, Prague,
under the title of ''Pohadka o Pernirove
Chaloupee," which is by interpretation "Tale
of the Gingerbread House." The piece has
also been performed at Agram in the Croatian
language.
The greatest musical event that has hap
pened ih this City for years will be the coming
of the Abbey, Schoeffel and Grau Company to
the Baldwin Theater next May. Full particu
lars have not yet been received, the telegram
merely stating that the strength of the com
pany would cross the continent.
A Roumanian music-hall singer named ira
perolsuko was shot the other day by a student
in tne audience as she was singing in a cafe
chantaut. The cause of the murder was
jealousy.
THE TALE OF LIFE.
Man is to-day what man was yesterday.
Will be to-morrow; let him curse or pray,
Drink or be dull, lie [••arris not nor shall learn
The lesson that will laugh the world away.
The world as pray or just as golden glows,
The wine as sweet or just i s bitter flows,
For you as me, and you, like me, may find
Perfume or canker in the reddest rose
The tale of life is hard to understand,
But while the cup waits ready to your hand
Drink, and declare the summer roses blow
As red in .London as in Hamarcaud.
.Up* are as sweet to kiss and eyes as bright
As ever tiattcred Omar with delight—
English or Persian, while the mouth 13 fair,
What can it mailer how it says good-night !
Justin McCabthy.
AN ENGLISH OPINION OF THE NEW
LAUREATE.
After Alfred Tennyson, Alfred Austin. We
do not know that any further description is
needed of the latest literary choice— the
earliest was Mr. Brooks— of her Majesty's Gov
ernment. We have got comfortably back to
the good old days of Pye et Compagnie, and we
need trouble ourselves no longer about such
tr fles as poetic achievement, poetic promise,
the standard of great literature. Let us speak
quite fairly of the respectable Mr. Austin. The
new laureate is a a graceful and scholarly con
servative journalist. We have recorded the
publication of a great number of verses
from his pen, of which we regret to
say that we only recall one pungent line
from "The Season," which in consideration of
Mr. Austin's m-w dignity we are far too polite
to quote. We are creuibly informed that he
has puDlished novels. We know that he can
write in a certain vein of pretty affection about
flowers. But we have also in remembrance
that one Englishman lives on whom the gift
o f great song has for many years descended In
abundunt measure of beauty and of power,
and that Algernon Charles Swinburne speaks
for poetry, while Alfred Austin will be otti
cially concerned with the production of vent
fled remarks on court events. We remember,
too, that William Morris has enriched our land
with treasure- trom the house beauti
ful, that William Watson has re
called to us many of the statelier
forms of English poetry, and that Mr.
John Davidson has sung of the life of his day
with insight and with passion. The new de
parture, however, makes it unnecessary to dis
cuss such trifles as the achievements aiid pro.s
pects of Anglo-Saxon literature. The lanreate
ship is now a household appointment, the an
nouncement ot which belongs properly to the
Court News— not to say Mews. It is true that
Mr. Austin himself appears to take a more ex
alted view of his new station, for he explained
the other day in the Westminster Gazette that
he would henceforth watch Mr. Watson "sing
ing up the Sacred Hill" "from where its cloud*
less peaks expand." It is from these heights,
perhaps, that there will descend on us the se
ries of masterpieces of which "England's
Darlinir" is the happy foreword. — London
Chronicle.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
The French composer Massenet has been
cleverly described as a "butterfly of a serious
turn oi mind."
Mrs. Oliphant has written over sixty novels,
and the number of heroes and heroines that she
has outlived is notable.
The British Museum recently acquired a
sword, a watch ami a pold snuff box once be
longing to Edward Gibbon.
Pierre Lorillard, the tobacco millionaire,
does not uso the weed in any form; which may
be fair and ia certainly politic.
Omar Khayyam's memory was celebrated in
London recently at a dinner given by members
of the club which bears his name.
The Duke of Marlborough is so delicate that
his cigarettes have "a stopping of cotton to
keep the nicotine from his mouth."
William Wadsworth, grandson of the great
poet, will not publish his own poems for fear
people will not recognize the mantle of his
forefather.
The oldest letter-carrier in the United States
is Charles A. Tyler of New York, who has had
fourteen different Postmasters over him. He
has been at it since 1813.
When Joe Jefferson was an assistant actor he
set Maercady's wig on fire with a torch, was
chased all through the stage district by the en
raged tragedian and excused from hispart for
the remainder of the engagement.
The Due d'Magenta, eldest son of the late
Marshal MacMahon, who is extremely popular
iv Paris, has returned from Madagascar with
the rank of lieutenant-colonel of Chasseurs-a
pied, to which he was promoted for his services
in the war.
Frederick Denning, to whom tho Valz as
tronomical prize of the Academy of Sciences
has been awarded for his discoveries of meteor
showers and comets, was a clerk in a Bristol
merchant's office thirty years ago, v/hen he
took to studying astronomy. He still works as
a public accountant.
Mokrani, an Arab brigand, for whom the
Due dOrleans has interceded with President
up the unequal fight. Old, lonely, sick and
penniless, he came to New Yotk to pass the
lew remaining months of his life, a pensioner
upon his son-in-law. He died at his son-in
law a house in Prince street on July 4, 1831
and wns buried in the Marble Cemetery His
grave wns made directly in front of trie bie
iron irate opening from Second street, and an
umrm,osinK ilat slab of marble was placed over
it. Ine seventh Kepiment escorted his re
mains to Richmond, Va., in 1858. His body
was placed in Hollywood Cemetery, resting
place of all that is mortal of some 16,000 Vir
ginians, In a tomb upon an eminence overlook
ing me muddy waters of the historic James.
Faure, says he is the last representative of the
house of Montmorency, whose male line be
came extinct in France in the early part of
this century. A Simicenic legead says that a
crusader of the family fell among the infidels
became a Mohammedan and settled in Africa'
where his name came to be ilokrani, tosu;t
the Semitic speech.
AN ARTISTIC EXHIBITION
The Guild of Arta and Crafts Is Pre
paring Something Very
Fine.
One of the noveltes in the way of art
exhibitions will be thrown open to the
public on the 20th of the present month by
the Guild of Arts and Crafts. It consists
of a display of all the materials and results
in the art of printing, with considerable
space given to its side branches and ele
mentary relations.
The guild was established a little over a
year ago by a few men actively engaged in
literature, painting, music, architecture,
sculpture and the artistic handicrafts; ami
has grown till it now has over seventy
names on its roll. Thus far the guild has
been so occupied in furthering the primary
object by means of monthly dinners tha
it has done little directly toward accom
plishing the secondary. Now, however,
an exhibition is preparing, and on next
Monday it will be thrown open to the pub
lic at Partington's studio, 424 Pine street.
The exhibition will illustrate printing and
the related arts, and will be of interest to
every one who reads a book or paper or
looks at an etching or engraving.
There will be shown books from th«
most famous presses, from the infancy .>:
printing down to the present time. Mayor
Sutro having kindly departed from the
usual rules of the Sutro Library and con
sented to loan some of his choicest treas
ures; sumptuous bindings, ancient and
modern; book-plates; book illustrations
by the most eminent American artists, with
the reproductions by the side for th<
pose of comparison ; etchings, by the great
est ancient and modern masters; engrav
ings—wood, steel and copper; lithographs
zincolypes; half-tone; photogravures and
the newly invented chromatic j
The exhibition of posters will be es
pecially large and fine, and besides sev
eral hundred American specimen
elude work from England, France, Italy
Germany and Holland. The develoi
of the newspaper from the earliest
1503 — to the present time will be i
ologically illustrated, genuine ori
copies of such famous papers as Al
Spectator, the Tatler and the Ramble]
ing shown. A number of processes—etch
ing, engraving, lithog-aphy, music-pritu
ing, etc.— will be practically illustrated
and explained each evening.
While the members of the guild have
already secured a large amount c :
interesting material, they feel certain that
there are in San Francisco many biblio
graphical treasures with whose" where
abouts they are unacquainted, and they
will be glad to hear from any one willing
to loan anything that will add' to the inter
est and success of the exhibition. All
exhibits will be fully insured and will be
guarded by a special watchman day and
nLrht. Communications should be Jnd
dressed to the chairman of the exhibition
committee, Charles A. Murdock, 532 Clay
street, or to the secretary of the guild,
Professor William D. Armes, 723 Mont
gomery street.
GIRL'S DRESS.
The dress shown here is suitable for making
up any dress fabric. As illustrated it It <■'.
blue China silk, with white lace and ribbon
trimmings.
A novelty wool of brown and blue is pretty,
with yoke of blue silk, over which coarse
brown net is laid; or if the fitted lawn sleeve
is to be made of the contrasting material use
changeable taffetas for the yoke and lawn
sleeves. A gingham of pink and white stripes
maybe trimmed with white embroidery over
plain pink for the yoke and lawn sleeves.
A charming combination is blue and white
striped lawn, with yoke and low sleeves of
plain blue.
A white lawn with tiny sprigs of green is
charming, with sleeves of plain green, using
ribbons to match for belt and collar.
Towxsend's special sale— Fresh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound ; worth 35c. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
He (waxing serious)— Do you believe in the
truth of tho saying, "Man proposes, God dis
poses?"
She (archly)— lt depends upon whom man
proposes to.— Harlem Lite.
What about catarrh and its cure? Catarrh I ■< a
constitutional disease aud is caused by lmpuri:ie*
In the blood. Hood's Karsanarilla is toe constitu
tional remeay which cures catarrh.
CHICAGO LIMITED.
VIA SANTA FK KOI'TE.
A new train throughout begins October 29
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule recltni-u
--chair cars and dining-cars. LO3 Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without; change. Anna*
cars on sharp connection for Denver and St.
Louts. Twenty-seven hours quicker than tn«.
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe bas bsea
put In One physical condition and U now the bca
transcontinental railway.
— - • — ♦ >
Coughs and Hoarseness.— The irritation that
induces coaching is Immediately relieved by
using " Brown t Bronchial Troches." A simple and
safe remedy.
Übb Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and lnvigora
tor of exquisite flavor.
Mr. Jones — There is such a dear little squir
rel out in the tree.
Chappie— Does it turn up its tail?
Mr. Jones— Yes.
Chappie— Well, that must be the very squir
rel that I saw up in the mountains last sum
mer. — The Waterbury.
_^ NEW TO-DAY. ■;'"•
fW Thursday Jan. VJth. To-day only.
I Goblets — The Hoffman
I J House stylish shape. Thin
Jj glass or extra heavy hotel.
/$} 90c grade for 5 cts. each.
[ffta Complete lists at your commaud.
Largest Department More.
J-'S \ Smiths* Cash Store, •
i"** 41 4, 41 6, 41 8 FRONT ST., S.E.:\M AKY 16. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
FaidVin Thkatkr.-" Love Chase."
California Thkatkr— " Marmton."
Coi.fMßiA Tiieatkk— "The Senator."
Mnßosro's OrKBA-HorsK— •' A Long Lane,"
Tivou (Ii'KRA-HoisK.- "IxJon; or, The Man of
The Wheel."
ORniKiM.— High-Clan Vaudeville.
BBOTFB'a Alcata*.— '-My Precious Baby."
f-F«OTTHr <"nrTF.»— Daily at Ilalght street
1 1 «• I lock cart of the l'Hrk.
Pacific Co ast Jockkv Club.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Yon Hhein Co.— This day (Thursday),
Heal Estate, at - .csiooni. 513 California street,
st 12 o'clock.
KaSTON & Ki.prttkjk.— Tuesday. January 21,
Real Kslate, at 688 Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
Baldwin * Hammond.— Thursday, January 23,
Real Estate, at 10 Montgomery st.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
Benedict Feigent>aum died Rt the clo?e of his
f on's wedding leas:.
Eugene Pardlni of the North Beach pang
wa- on trial before Judge Wallace yesterday.
The Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais
Scenic Railroad has tiled articles ol incorpora
llon,
James .1. Maloney, better known as "Fat"
Maloney, is being sued for $120 on & bill for
room rent.
The Board of Health failed to remove Superin
tendent Weaver of the Almshouse at Its meet
rJay.
The winning horse.* at Ingleside track yester
day were: Kortuns, Foremost, Coupon, Semper
Lek and Lizzie H.
Judge McKenna decided a point In favor of
the Ka'.'.rnad Commissioners yesterday against
the Central aud Southern Pacific.
Mayor Sutro made public his appeal to the
- of Kentucky for the revocation of
the Southern Tacitie charter yesterday.
rontinued cloud? weather, with showers,
- the prediction for to-day's
weather. Issued by Forecast Otlicinl A. Me A lie.
A movement is on foot for the establishment
c market in the City, and a number r>t
prominent citizens are interested In Its sue-
The hearing on the appeal from entry of the
.dgment in the Hale ■
1 8>r ■*«> begun yesterday in the Supreme
■
• Harry Reynolds will leave by the
steamer this morning ' B back
.'.D.I. MeGaughey, who is wanted here for
lorgerj .
rge Hayford says Judge Wallace was
wrong in dismissing bi« client, Treweek,
.•■I with bigamy, and he quotes the I'enal
Code to pro-. •
The preliminary examination ol 'ames B.
with criminal libel by Found
before Judge
Con lan yesterday.
w> >. : y, the old man who tried to
tay, tbe millionaire, on Feb
ruary 24, i^"- ; , <li«»d in humbie Natoma-street
trial for his life before
Jndge Bahrs. He's charged with murder for
tanuel Merino on October 12
■■a in Hinckley alley.
-on the Ingleside division of
• line collided opposite the
■' , on Twenty-ninth street, last
evening nnd several passengers were injured.
Inspector Dockery reported to the Board
ol Health yesterday that out of forty-five
■ [sited during the past month a* ma
were found in a bnd sanitary condition.
The police are searching for a young man
who obtained ret;t from Mrs. Chrisinan's
keeper at 315 Mason stre-t by represent
mself as the son of T. P. Kiordau, real
estate agent.
Henry D. Morton, superintendent of the Gar
re:: brass foundry, was robbed last Sunday
moraine of over ijioOO worth of jewelry while
lie slept in the same room in which the burg
lary occurred.
- to 'est the new primary law, W. A.
Gett<; of r-aeramento has petitioned the Supreme
Court to compel the Supervisors of his city to
■ the provision* of tlie act. they having
1 to do 80.
The License Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors h*s decided in future all applica
tions "for frc« 'lii-cnseß :nn«-t examined by
Collector Lees, ami that only those he recom
mends shall get permits.
The Police CommisMoners last night dlß
mijsed two patrolmen, one for inefficiency ainl
the other for appropriating live bottles of
v inefi from Lachman <v Jaeobi's warehouse, on
! and Brannan streets.
Mayor Pavie presents his views in The Call
to-day cm the Alam°da tidal-canal project ami
nkiand harbor improvements. He says
the work dune hns been practically for the
benefit of tbe railroad coiupan/.
Although California's adjutant-general signs
his name "Barrett," after the manner of the
firs: Emperor of the French, who signed "Na
' the National 'iuard does not appear
■ rwpering under the present plans for
1 reorganization."
The Rango and Knocker social club" have a
:.g match near the I'esthou«e. They
1) the targets, bat kill a horse which the
and one of me Rangos, Kd
vnr-1 Wilberrv, a <.":itrHetor, was captured by
tl • police and arrested for shooting within the
■nits.
statement appeared in an evening paper
'.ay to the effect that Miss Eleanor Cal
the actress, was one of the heiresses to
the great estate of a deceased Butte miner, her
grandfather. A nephew of the dead inillion
a.re last night pronounce.! the statement
wholly incorrect.
William G. Bensbaw is suing James P. Mc-
Carthy nnd about forty defendants for $16,
-810 38, the balance due on four promissory
n«v.es aggregating $24,000. The notes were
f*cure>l t>v mortgage on a tract of land on
Stanford Heights and the plaintiff is suing to
foreclose the mortgage.
Thomas I). Riordan has filed an opposition to
the distubution of the estate of Frank M. Bee
cm the ground that it is no: now in proper
condition to be distributed. Incidentally he
has several claims aeair^t the e-taie arid as
they will not expire before May, iSitti. he
v^iies to have the estate held until he can
collect.
A. .i. Gunnison. president of the l,aurel Hill
• ■•■ Association, declared yesterday that
the a'.taok on )..cal cemeteries came from
rival" who owned v private burial-ground in
San Mateo. HeaUo said that ilie cemeteries in
San Francisco had lights nuder the rural
eh could uot be assailed by
corporate bodies.
According to the ideas of Charles Wesley
Reed, on the basis of official figures from the
report of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany, that corporation will be absolutely un
able to meet the obligations that would be im
ro*ed upon it by the passage of the funding
Dill, providing for a fifty-year extension, with
interest at 2 per cent per annum.
WV.liam Wittland, who absconded with
- 2 60 of the Grangers' Bank, was a
"plunger" at the races, often placing $500 on
a horse. He used to steal gold coin from trays
tnd to make no entry tags of many deposit
receipts. Frank MeMullin, ex-teller, got
SJ-J2.000 from Hie bank on securities that were
worthless :vith the exception of about !f<s<)oo.
Bo far the bank ha> ;-.st •>-!», 000 on its tellers.
WASTED GREETINGS.
Honeyed Words Could Not Liquidate
.Mr. Maloney'n Bill for Room Kent.
James J. Maloney is being sued in the
Justices' Court by his ex-landlady, Mrs.
.Annie Horn, for $120. Mr. Maloney is
known about town as an occasional guide
for Chris Buckley, the blind boss of certain
Democratic politicians.
Mr«. Horn keeps a lodeing-bouse at 520
J: isfa street, and there Mr. Maloney
roomed until he had accumulated $120 in
unpaid rent. Then he left, and on leaving
he delivered to Mrs. Horn ft document
directed "To whom it may concern," and
announcing that be owed his landlady the !
$120 and that he would pay the same in
monthly installments. He has not done
so, however, and the only notice he has
f ince tpken of the obligation has been to
•write to her and tell her he could not pay,
but writhing her a very happy New Year in
lieu of the January installment.
These honeyed words did not do much
toward liquidating the indebtedness, how
ever, and Mrs. Horn employed John See
beck to bring suit and see what the courts
could do in the matter.
Opening of the ttibln School.
On Tuesday evening the class in IJiole study
crowded room U oJ the Y. M. C. A. building.
Many new names were enrolled as students.
To-night the first meeting of the class in per
sonal works will be addressed by Rev. Robert
V.'huaker. All who intend joining the school
(•iiould attend this meeting if possible. The
tuit|on U nominal lor the present term.
TO TEST THE NEW
PRIMARY LAW.
The Sacramento Democrats
Have Taken the
Step.
A MANDAMUS ASKED.
The Supreme Court Will Give
the Matter a Speedy
Hearing.
IS IT SPECIAL LEGISLATION?
An Important Open Question of the
Classification of Counties Also
Involved.
The constitutionality of the new primary
law, which makes such a radical change
in the methods ot primary elections, La to
be passed upon by the Supreme Court at
once.
For months politicians, both friendly
anil hostile to the new law, have been in
doubt as to whether or not the law would
stand a constitutional test, and there has
been a constant anticipation in all quar
ters that steps would taken by somebody
to bring the question before the Supreme
Court before it became necessary to put
the law into operation.
It has been expected that the issue
would be raised in this City in some way,
because it is here that the Jaw would have
its most important effect, and, owing to
the great cost in time and labor and money
of holding a primary in San Francisco at
public expense, it is here that the import
ance of avoiding needless expense — if need
less it should prove to be— is greatest.
But the issue has been raised in Sacra
mento County, and it is an application for
a writ of mandate compelling the Super
visors of that county to proceed to carry
out the law that brings the matter before
the Supreme Court.
Briefly, the law requires that the primary
elections of all parties shall be held on cer
tain iixed days. Primary elections are
made generai elections.
They are held at public expense, under
the sole direction and control of Election
Commissions or Boards of Supervisors, and
around primary elections are thrown as
strong safeguards in the way of require
ments, exact election machinery and pen
alties as guard the sacredness of general
elections proper.
If this'hijruly salutary law can be made
legally operative it will at once raise prim
ury elections, the foundation of our politi
cal system and the fountain of our political
fortunes, to the high plane o: being
legitimate expressions of the will of the
voters.
There are provisions in the Jaw which
make it difficult to carry out in practical
operation. But these, of course, do not
tigure before the Supreme Court.
The main point on which the doubts of
its constitutionality rest is that it ia lim
ited to certain counties of the State, and so
is special legislation. It regulates the
elective franchise in some portions of the
State in v manner different from that pre
scribed for other sections.
The law was framed and introduced as a
general law. but owing to the objections
of interior counties, where the expense of
another general election was regarded as
needless, an amendment was tacked on
making the act apply only to counties of
the first and second class.
Now, ttie unsettled question arises, What
are counties of the first and second class?
The legislators intended to make the law
applicable to San Francisco and Los An
geles only. The classification wiiich puts
these cities alone in the lirst and second
classes respectively has been held by the
Supreme Court to apply only to the regu
lation of the fees of county officers. It is
held by many able lawyers that for the
purpose >>f siif h a law as this the old clas
sification of section 40»tj of the Political
Code, existing before the adoption of the
new constitution and never effectually re
peaied, must apply.
This classification makes counties of the
first class all those with a population of
over 20.000 and those of the second class
all those of over 8000 and under 20,000.
There U thus a doubt whether the law is
to apply to San Francisco and Los Aneeles
only or to all but sixteen counties of the
State.
It is under the assumption that the law
applies to Sacramento County that the
petition has been tiled from there. This
is an important legal point to be decided
outside of the issue of the primary law
Uself.
The petition is filed by W. A. Gett Jr.
of Sacramento. He is a member of the
county committee of t he Reorganized
Democracy there. It was tiled with the
practical co-operation, of others in Sacra
mento and at the particular instance of
I). E. Alexander, who is seeking tbe. nom
ination for Superior Judge of that county,
and who appears as an attorney for the
petitioner.
As the petition if- one in support of the
law the points against it do not, of course,
appear in it.
THE POINTS OF LAW.
Contents of the Application for the
Writ and the Demand on the
Supervisors.
In his petition for a writ the petitioner
sets forth the city of Sacramento is a city
of the first class and one entitled, under
the new Jaw, to hold general primary elec
tions for delegates to the National, legisla
tive and municipal conventions, the dele
gates for the National convention to be
voted for on the last Tuesday of March,
1896, and those for the legislative and mu
nicipal conventions on the second Tuesday
in July.
By the provisions of the general primary
law, approved March 27, 1895, the applica
tion alleges that it is the duty of the de
fendant Supervisors to sit as a Board of
Election Commissioners during January
of each year in which a general primary
election is to be held, to select from the
assessment roll the names of not less than
thirty electors, residing in each election
jirecinct of each county, these selections to
he made from each of the political parties
then existing, in as nearly an equal pro
portion as practicable. The selections are
tnen to be seaied in separate envelopes for
the names from each precinct, and are so
to await the hnal choice for election otti
cers.
Continuing, the application alleges that
on January 7, I«<HJ, the petitioner requested
the defendant Board of Supervisors! to do
its duty, as outlined in the primary law,
and to select the names which the statute
directs shall be laid asido to await a final
choice of election officers. To this de
mand the Supervisors of Sacramento do
not respond. They refuse to select, the
names, as directed by the new Jaw.
In view of this refusal the j.etitionercon
tends that no candidate can have his name
printed on the ballot to bo used at the
next election, for, unless nominated by a
convention organized and elected under
the law, no man can be a legal candidate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 189 G.
without lieconiinK such under other sec
tions of the election laws. If he be an nc
credited nominee of any convention that
convention must be organized according to
law— the law of 18! i:>, petitioner contends—
and, unless the Board of Sacramento
Supervisors performs its duty under this
law, it will be impossible to gather to
gether a convention which can legally
nominate. Tliis will vitiate the franchise
of the citizens and will work injury to
them by preventing them from announc
ing their choice in the political field.
There is no plain and speedy relief, says
Hie petition further, for unk sis this matter
be settled in this montti of January it were
as good as not settled at all, for' the law
expressly directs that the choice of names
from the assessment-rolls shall be made in
January of each year in which primaries
arc to be held. In consequence the appli
cation is made to the Supreme Court
direct, as the need of a speedy and final
decision is apparent. A proceeding in the
superior Court followed by an appeal to
the Supreme Court would entail great ex
pense, but more than all it would consume
time, ana time is something which a test
of the new law cannot spare.
For those reasons the petitioner prays
that the Supreme Court issue a peremptory
writ of mandate commanding the defend"
ant Supervisors to make the selection of
names directed by the law, and to make
the «rae within this month, as tnat law
requires, and to make the selection in ac
cordance with the provisions governing
the political complexion of the names
chosen. Also to seal the names chosen
and to keep them until required for use as
directed in the act.
In pursuance of this prayer the Supreme
Court has issued an alternative writ of
mandate returnable January 20, and upon
that date the defendants must appear and
show cause why the writ should not be
enforced. The writ has incorporated the
provisions of the law which it is the de
sire of the petitioner to have applied. It
is as follows :
The People of the State of California to the
Board of Supervisors of Sacramento County, Cali
fornia, and to the member* thereof — <;reeting:
Whereas, It manifestly appears to us by the
verified petition of \V. a. Gett Jr., a party* ben
eficially interested in the above-entitled
action, that it is a part and portion ot the duty
of the respondent Board ol Supervisors of the
county of Sacramento, State of California,
among other things, during the month of Jan
uary, lSflti, to select from the assessment-roil
the names of not less than thirty electors re-
Biding in each election precinct in such
county, and to perform certain other acts as
prescribed by an act known fts the general
primary law, rehearsed in said petition and
hereinafter referred to; and whereas, it ap
pears from said verified petitiou thnt ttie said
Hoard of Supervisors aforesaid have m tusc-d to
select said names and perform said other acts
last hereinbefore referred 10, and said Board of
Supervisors appear to be determined to abide
by and continue thus to refuse to perform aaid
acts, find thereby prevent the holding of gen
pral primary elections us provided by law, and
that there is no plain, speedy and adequate
remedy in the ordinary course of law for said
petitioner nnd the other electors ot said Sacra
mento County ;
Therefore ,'we iio command you that imme
diately upon the receipt of this writ you do
proceed forthwith to select from the assess
ment-roll of said Sacramento County the
names of not less than thirty electors residing
in each election precinct of such county, Buch
selection to be made from each of the political
parties then existing in as nearly an equal pro
portion as practicable, and to write the name
of each person so selected on a separate piece
of paper and to fold said paper jo that the
name written thereon cannot be seen or read
without unfolding the same, and when the
names are so written and folded to put all of
the names so selected from each separate
election precinct in an envelope, then to close
and securely seal such envelope and to write
the name and number of the precinct from
which such selection was made on the out
side of such envelope; and when the
names so selected from each election
precinct in such county shall have
been so placed in separate precinct envelopes,
and each sealed find numbered so as to desig
nate the precinct from which each selection
was so made, then to place all of the said en
velopes so marked and sealed in a box, to be
provided by said board for that purpose, and
then to securely lock and seal said box and
safely keep the same until required by said
board for u«e as provided In said act, and to
instruct the clerk of sain board to forthwith
record the names so selected in a book for that
purpose, which book shall be kept open at ail
times for public inspection, and also to publish
said names once In some paper of general cir
culation in the county within ten days after
the names are so selected.
Or that you show cause before this court sit
ting in hank at the courtroom thereof, in the
City and County of >an Francisco, on the 28th
day of January, 189t», at 10 o'clock a. m. of that
day, why you have not done so.
In his petition to the Supervisors of Sac
ramento Mr. Geitt showeu that he was a cit
izen entitled to vote and entitled to have
enforced the laws made by the Legislature
in order that his vote might not be thrown
away. He alleged the passage of the -'pri
mary law" on March 27, 1895, and called
attention to the fact that unless in this
month the names were drawn no legal
nominating convention could be organ
ized and the votes of the citizens would be
lost. The terms of the law are specifically
set forth and the demand is. made that
they he rigidly complied with. The re
fusal of the hoard to so comply has caused
the mandamus proceedings just com
menced.
DEATH AFTER THE BRIDAL
Benedict Feigenbaum Passes
Away During His Son's
Wedding Feast.
He Opposed Delaying the Ceremony
and Died During the Closing
Festivities.
Early yesterday morning, about as the
guests weie leaving his son's wedding
feast, Benedict Feigenbaum, a well-known
merchant and a prominent member of the
local Hebrew community, passed into the
other world.
Last wee!: Mr. Feigenbaum was in fairly
good health, and was only taken ill about
live days ago. He had been troubled w ith
a iniid form of IJright's disease, but had
been able, under the best medical care, to
keep it pretty v.eil in check. A severe
cold, however, suddenly developed into
typhoid pneumonia in its most aggravated
and malignant form.
Hisson Lionel, whose marriage to Miss
Gertrude Naphtaly took place on Tuesday
evening, was anxious to have the wedding
postponed, but the dying man insisted
upon the ceremony being performed at the
time set. His condition being most seri
ous Mrs. Feigenbaurn did not attend her
son's wedding, but remained at her hus
bands bedside in the family residence, 505
Van Ness avenue, near McAllister street.
Shortly before dawn the sick man passed
away, his sufferings, though acute, bein<*
brief.
Mr. Feigenbaum was almost 63 years of
age and was born in Bavaria. He may,
however, be called an old Californian, since
he came here forty-live years ago, locating
himself in Hmnlnlrit County. After rif
teen years be came to this City and estab
lished the fancy-goods house" oi Feigen
baum & Co., at the head of which lie re
mained until two years ago, when he
retired, turning the business over to his
two sons, Lionel and Julius. Besides
these sons ne leaves a widow and a
brother, Joseph Fnigenbaum. His only
daughter died about seven years ago. The
funeral services will take place at the resi
dence to-morrow, whence the remains will
be taken to the Home of Peace Cemetery
for interment.
Another "Fair" Demurrer.
Van R. Pa tenon, attorney for Herman Oel
rlchs Jr., has tiled a demurrer to the contests
of the stolen will of James G. Fair filed by
Marc Livingston and the board of trustees of
the Teachers' Retirement Kund. The demurrer
alleges, as did the demurrers of the other heirs
filed recently, that the contests do not state
fiKis sufficient for a cause of iiction, and that
one contestant— Le vingstou— has no iegal quali
fication to sue, and the other contestant has
no legal existence.
Five million dollars is spent each year
in England on the game of football.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The City of Everett Completes
Her Last Trip in the
Panama Line.
MAJOR RADFORD WILL BE SHOT
Three of the Sealing Schooner Kate
and Anna's Crew Picked
Up at Sea.
The whaleback steamer City of Everett
completed her final passage in the Pana
ma Railway line yesterday and it is said
that she will be put in the Australian
trade. She brought up about 2000 tons of
freight and left about the same quantity
for the Washtenaw. The arrival of the
latter steamer will end the Panama Rail
way line of steamers.
On the way up from Panama a fatality
occurred. On January 8 the steamer was
off Manzanillo and one of the seamen,
named Joseph Benson, was standing on
the forward part of the ship. The weather
was perfectly calm, and how the accident
happened is a mystery. By some means
or another Benson lost his footing, and as
he struck the water the steamer passed
over him. He came up astern and started j
to swim. A boat was lowered and Benson
caught the log-line to keep himself up.
He was too much exhausted to hold on
and sank when the boat was only luO feet,
away. He shipped on the whaleback at
Everett, Wash., six months ago, and was
about 25 years of age.
Among the passengers on the Everett as
far as Port Los Angeles was Onesto Icaza,
agent of the railroad company at Panama,
and his wife and family. Mr. icaza is suf
fering from general debility and a touch of
pneumonia. and decided to go to Southern
California instead of coming to l^an Fran- ;
Cisco for the winter. The stop of the j
Everett at Port Los Angeles gave rise to a j
foolish rumor that in future all the j
Panama steamers wiil stop at that point, j
The Everett simply stopped at ihat point
to land Agent Icaza.
The Everett brings the news that Major
Charles Raaford of Virginia, alias ex-
Judge Randolph of Montgomery, Ala.,
whose story was published in The" Call a
month ago, was to be shot at Call a week
after the steamer left. Panama. The United
States had done everything possible for the
unfortunate man, but it was a case of cold
blooded numler and very little could be
gained.
When Radford left here about three
months ago, on the steamer Sun Bias, he
bad a very large sum of money with him.
He purchased some land at Cati from a !
German merchant named Charles Sim- I
mons, on which tiiere was a squatter. !
Radford demanded thai Simmons remove j
tne squatter, but the latter refused, saying j
the major now owned the land, and lor |
him to <lo it. A quarrel ensued and Had
ford vowed vengeance. He went back to ]
his house, cleaned and loaded liis re- ;
volver, told his carpenter that he was
going to kill Simmons, went out and |
found bis man and shot him down. Now
he has probably been shot m return.
For the lirst time in over twenty years
John Cartin, the well-known sailor board- |
ing-house keeper, was seen in front of his ;
place yesterday with his coat and vest on. j
Winter and summer Curtin was always to
be teen marching about in his shirt
siefves, but yesterday's southeaster drove
him to a coat.
Some yean aeo Curtis was subpenaed
M a juror in the Clara Belle MclJonald
case. He drove up to the new City Hall in
his shirt sleeves, and was refused permis- ■
sion to enter the court. A bench warrant
was issued for him, and again he appeared j
without a coa'.. He explained to the j
Judge that a garment of that kind made
him uncomtortable, and begged to be ex
cused from serving on the jury. He was ]
excused. It was Curtin's boarding-house j
thai was blown up by dynamite about two j
years ago.
The trial of Captain Michael Healy, set
foi bearing yesterday on the revenue cut- |
tor Rush, did not take place. It will go on
next Friday, probably in the Appraiser's
building, il Captains Hodgson and Stad
der have arrived lrom the East.
The steamer Corona came off the Union
Iron Works drydock, alter a thorough
overhauling, yesterday. She was given a
trial spin up io Hunters Point and back
to the Two Brothers, which was a great
success. The Corona will go out next trip
in place of the Mexico, and trie latter ves
sel will be laid up at Sausulito.
The captain of the iciiooner Western
Hume, which arrived ye^erduy, makes the
following report: On January 12 at 12 m.
we picked up a sealing boat helunguiK to
the schooner Kate and Anna with Hunter
Daniel Clanssen, Isoai-steerer Carrol! and
Boat-puller (j. Jacobs, who were lost from
their vessel on January (j during a thick
mist.
On January f> they wore picked up by
the schooner Kio Key, bound for Bowens
Landing] but the next day, the weather
being very thick and no chance of netting
to Bowens Landing, they left the Rio Key
and started out by themselves, expecting
to tind some vessel bound for San Fran
cisco. Oil January 12 they were picked up
by the Western Homo, and on January 14
at U a. m. they left the Western Home ex
pecting In find their vessel at DraUes Bay
or Point Reyes waiting for them.
WEAVER STILL IN OFFICE
Board of Health Does Not Re
move the Almshouse Super
intendent.
A Large Number of Dairies Found to
Be in a Very Bad Sanitary
Condition.
Present indications are that Superin
tendent Weaver of the Almshouse will be
retained in his position, at least during
the term of the present Board of Health,
and that the efforts recently made to dis
lodge him have come to naught.
"Some time ago Governor Budd indi
cated to the board that he desired a change
in the management of the City's poor
house, and that Edward Reddy, a brother
of Patrick Reddy, the attorney, would be
an acceptable successor to Mr. Weaver.
At that time it was stated that the four
members of the board, outside of Mayor
Sutro, were agreeable to the change, and
that it would probably be made at the
next regular meeting— that of yesterday.
As an act of the Legislature, passed some
time ago, made it necessary for a four
fifths majority in the board to be obtained
before such a change could be made, it be
came necessary for tlie four medicos to
vote in harmony, and the friends of Mr.
Reddy relied on this being done. They
!igure"d too contidently, however, for Dr.
Williamson showed an inclination to stand
by Weaver, and as the Mayor was unani
mous with himself on the point, the oppo
nents of the incumbent were not at all
sure of their ground.
That Mr. Reddy's pull with the Gov
ernor was not strong enough to win over
Dr. Williamson was shown by the pro
ceedings of the meetintr. for no effort was
made to remove Mr. Weaver, and it is
now believed that he will be retained.
An investigation of the Almshouse was
ordered, but this is not believed to have
any particular significance, as such in
spections are made periodically of all of
the institutions under the control of the
board to ascertain their needs and to sug
gest improvements. Communications in
dorsing Superintendent Weaver were re
ceived from the Board of Supervisors.
Merchants' Association, Protestant Epis
copal church and Associated Charities.
All were placed on tile without comment.
On the report of the Plumbing Inspector
it was decided to condemn the plumbing
of Branch Jail No. '.', and to keep a closer
watch on the sanitary condition of all the
public institutions in future.
The Pesthouse came in for another scor
ing from all the members. Mayor Sutro
took the lead, declaring that the institu
tion was a disgrace to San Francisco, and
that if the Supervisors did not see fit to
build a new hospital the old one should
at once be repaired. He thought that
$1000 should be spent on the building to
make it habitable. The other members,
while unanimous on the point that the
Pesthouse was a disgrace to the City, were
not in line with the Mayor on the repair
ing proposition. They all declared that
the present building is beyond redemption,
•md that a new place should be built at
once.
Mayor Sutro urged that whatever was
done .some means should be employed at
once to better the condition of the unfor
tunates nowconlined in the Pesthouse.
By a unanimous vote John Collins, chief
cook of the Almshouse, was removed, and
D. T. Kearney appointed to take his posi
tion.
Milk Inspector Dockery's report on the
diiiries he had visited in the past month
showed a condition of affairs that caused
the members of the board to open their
eyes in astonishment. He reported that
lie had visited forty-five milk ranches and
had found the majority in a frightful
sanitary condition.
No attempts had been made in many
cases to remove the manure from the
vicinity of the places where the cows were
milked, and milk cans were often found in
close proximity to the debris.
Often cows were found in muck and
mire two feet deep, and their bodies even
to the udders were covered with tilth. His
report on the cleanliness of the milkmen
was equally unfavorable. He stated, sar
castically, that some of them looked as
though, a good bath would result in their
death from exposure.
Veterinary Creely's report stated that
among the dairies examined with Dockery
he had found about 50 per cent where the
cows were healthy and fed on wholesome
food. In other* a like percentage of cows
were anemic or tuberculous.
Further investigation will be made by
the board.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
" Marmion " Receives Its Last
Performance To-Night at
the California.
"My Precious Baby " Still at Grover's
Alcazar — The Orplieum's
Bill.
Tn spite of the uncertain weather the
leading attractions at the City theaters
have been drawing well this week. At the
California Louis James' impersonations of
the legitimate have won the usual amount
of applause. "Marmion" is on the bill
at the California Theater to-night for the
last time during James' present engage
ment. "In Old Kentucky" will open at
the California on Monday.
Miss Marie Wainwrieht and her com
pany have congenial roles in. "The Love
Chase," which will he presented for the
last time this evening. "Caniille" will be
ihe bill for to-morrow night and the Sat
urday matinee, and Tom Taylor's "An
Unequal Match" will conclude the engage
ment. After Miss Wainwright's departure
the Baldwin will be closed for two weeks.
The Tavary Opera Company will reopen
the theater on February 3.
"The Senator," with its strong scenes
and clever acting, continues to fill the
Columbia Theater. Next week a well
staged revival of "The Ensign" will be
presented.
"A Long Lane," which is one of the
brightest plays Morosco's has seen for
some time, is continuing the success it
achieved on the opening night. The sen
sational melodrama, "The Man Without a
Country," will be the next production.
The antics of "My Precious Baby" have
not lost their power to amuse Alcazar
audiences, tnough the play has held the
boards longer than is usual at the pretty
U'Farrell-street house. A change is an
nounced for next Monday.
"Ixion," in its second edition, will run
all this week at the Tivoli.
The strong biH at the Orpheum con
tinues io give satisfaction to large audi
ences. A number of new attractions are
promised for next week.
LOST HIS HEAD.
Poliretiiua Hamilton Dismissed for
Stealing Hottl*>s of AVine Fro:n
a IJquor-llouse.
The Police Commissioners last night had
the resignation of Policeman A. .1. Hamil
ton before them. They refused to accept
it, preferring to dismiss him from the
force.
In the early hours of the morning watch
of Tuesday, January 7, Hamilton, while
patroling his beat discovered that one of
the doors of Lachman & Jacobi's liquor
warehouse at Second and Brannan streets
was open. After satisfying himself there
were no burglars on the premises Hamil
ton whistled for Policeman Marshall and
dispatched him to notify the proprietors.
During Marshall's absence Hamilton ap
propriated five bottles of wines and cor
dials and placing them in a basket gave
them to a boy who frequently walked with
him on his beat to take to his residence
on the corner of Sixth and Brannan
streets.
Sergeant Donovan met the boy and took
him to the Southern station, where he was
closely questioned, lie broke down and
confessed what Hamilton had done. Cap"
tain Spillane questioned Hamilton and he
said he had got the live bottles frcm the
engineer in the warehouse. Tim the en
gineer emphatically denied. The matter
was then reported to headquarters and
Hamilton tendered his resignation. He
had only been about two years on the
force.
The Commissioners dismissed the charge
of violating the rules of the deuartnient
against Policeman James Connolly, and
also the charge of conduct unbecoming a
policeman against Policeman .lames P.
JJentnati for lack of prosecution. Police
man George T. Harlow was dismissed from
the' department on the ground of inef
liciency.
George StewaVt's Death.
George Stewart, the well-known business
agent, aied yesterday from a hemorrhage of
the stomach. This was the culmination of a
ten months' illness. Mr. Stewart was 55 years
old and a native of Illinois. Ho was widely
known among the business men of this City,
Utd had many warm friends here, where he
had been in business tor twenty-five years con
secutively.
Ghosts Are Talc and Shadowy,
Bay those whopxofeasto hav<> interviewed them.
Whether spooks are tallow-faced or not, mortals
lire whose blood is Him and watery in consequence
of Irnjierlect assimilation. When invalids resort
to Hosteller's Stomach Bitters, and use that une
qualeti tonic persistently, they soon -pick up" in
strength, flesh and co'or. .It should be used also to
prevent malarial, rheumatic and kidney com
plaints, and to remedy constipation, sick headache
and nervousness.
NEW TO-DAY. _^___________
" Pure and Sure."
11 I prefer Cleveland's baking powder because it is
pure and wholesome. It takes less for the same baking,
it never fails, and bread and cake keep their fresh-
ness and flavor." - M
Miss Cornelia Campbell Bedford, Supt. New York Cooking School.
UAOTT U/HO niPRIIIOOrn I
HUM I" VVj\\ lIIMVIINM'II
llnUlL llnU UlUllllUULUl
He Admitted Having Received
tie Admitted Having KeCdVed
rnmmiceinnc "Ci-rttri Ct-t.
l/oHinilSSlonS rrOm btate
_ , ,
VOntraCtOrS.
•
THOUGHT IT WAS LEGITIMATE.
j
I
The Harbor Commissioners Thought
Differently and Appointed
Julius A. Haste, superintendent of State
dredgers and towboats, was yesterday-dis
missed by the Harbor Commissioners for
accepting commissions from contractors
who supplied the board with material.
Haste did not deny the charges, but said
it was a custom and that the other heads
of departments were as deep in the mud
as he was in the mire. The only person
he mentioned by name was S. J. Westlake,
the purchasing agent for the commission,
but the charge was indignantly repudiated
by Messrs. -Cole and Chadbourne, who said
that during his term of otlice Westlake had
saved the State thousands of dollars.
Chadbourne called Haste sharply to
account and told him he was doing his
own case no good by trying to besmirch
the character of honest and honorable
men. The taking of commissions he char
acterized as a species of blackmail.
When President Colnon called the board
to order the only witne.sse s present were
L. C. Marshutz and T. G. Cantrell of the
National I run "Works, where Haste was
formerly employed. William Deacon of
the Main-street Iron Works was to have
been in attendance, but an urgent call to
Vallejo prevented him.
Cantrell was called upon for a statement,
and protested against being made a scape
goat. ''Other people were to be here as
witnesses," said he, "but they have failed to
show up, and now my partner and myself
are left in the light cf prosecutors. We
were led to believe that others would be
here, and I don't think it is fair."
''This commission has no power to com
pel any man to testify," said President
Colnon, ''and as far as I am concerned I
do not think there is any necessity for an
investigation."
""Well, I can't take hack the statements
I have made to you (Colnon) and Governor
Budd," eaid Cantrell. "1 did pay com
missions to Haste, and it is no new cus
tom. We fully realized that if we did not
pay up to Haste we wouldn't get any work
from the Harbor Commissioners."
At this point Haste jumped up and
nskeo: -'Is it not a common thing to re
ceive commissions on State work, Mr.
Cantrell?"
"That I don't know," was the answer;
"but I do know that it is a common thing
for us to pay them."
This answer did not help Mr. Haste very
much, so he asked: "Did tl-e State ever
lose anything by the payment of these
commissions?" and Cantrell answered em
phatically, "No; it did not." Haste
seemed satisfied, and sat down with a
triumphant look on his face.
To President Colnon Cantrell said that
his firm had not done any work until
lately for the board. Eighteen or twenty
years ago there was no such thing as com
missions, and those times he character
ized as "The good old days."
"Were these commissions paid volun
tarily or demanded?" asked Cnadbourne,
and Cantrell answered that as far as his
recollections went it was a demand, as his
firm was not in the habit of paying such
things voluntarily.
Haste was then called upon for an ex
planation, and heat once admitted having
received the commissions, but asserted
that it was a legitimate business. "It was
ail fair and square," said he, "and the
State did not surfer by it. I was only fol
lowing a custom that all the other heads
of departments follow. When Superinten
dent Kruse was in office Mr. Deacon told
me he paid him 5 per cent on the profits of
all work turned in."
Cole interrupted him and said: "Hold
on a minute. You are making a misstate
ment. Deacon told me that he had never
paid Kruse a 5-cent piece. 7 '
"What do you mean by'only following a
custom established by other heads of de
partments?' " asked President Colnon in
an angry tone. Haste hesitated for a mo
ment and then said : "Well, I can't prove
my assertion because my witnesses refuse
to be mixed up in the matter, but I know
that Purchasing Agent Westlake has been
getting commissions from the Payne bolt
works." This angered Commissioner Cole
and he said. "I'll bet $1000 that what you
say is not so, and I'll bet another $1000
you havn't a tittle of evidence to prove it."
President Colnon called Haste to order as
he was going to reply, and Commissioner
Chadbourne told him he was doing him
self no pood by making statements to be
smirch other people when he could not
prove them.
"Well, all I can say,' 1 answered Haste,
"is that the taking of commissions in the
circumstances was legitimate, and 1 have
always done it."
"Then my opinion is that such trans
actions are nothing more or less than a
species of blackmail," retorted Commis
sioner Cole.
"There is always a commission paid
when there is a middleman, and Haste was
your middleman, gentlemen," interposed
Cantrell.
President Colnon and Commissioner
Chadbourne now conversed in a low tone
for a few seconds and the president *aid
"I move that the oilice of Superintendent
of State Dredgers and Towboats be de
clared vacant." "I second the motion,"
said Commissioner Chadbonrne and it was
carried unanimously. Haste looked on
for a moment or so in a dazed manner and
then left the room. The worst he ex
pected was a reprimand and. an order to
refund the $46 50 he had received from
Marshutz <£ Cantrell.
The question of rilling the vacancy then
came up and Commissioner Chuilbourne
nominated Captain Philip T. Brown of
State Dredger 1. Cole seconded and it was
carried, President Colnon refraining from
voting. Captain Brown had never sought
the position and knew nothing at all about
his appointment until Haste handed him
the ku\ r s and told him he was to. take office
at once. Brown has been six years in the
employ of the commission and is one of
the most popular men on the water front.
He has saved the State thousands of dol
lars by his careful management, and it
was purely and simply on his record that
he was promoted. As soon as tne news
spread lie was besieged by friends all raiier
to congratulate him upon his appoint
ment.
It ia understood that Captain "William
Cruse of Oakla»(1 can have the vacant
Position on Stale Dredger iif he will ac
cept it. The salary is $150 a month.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrews.
This evening at 8 o'clock the Brotherhood of
entertain" o'nng Luke's Church Chapter, will
entertain young men and their lady friends in
the parlors of the Young Men'*Christian As
sociation. Mason and Eilis streets. This enter
tainment is in the regular course of church
nights at the association, and this evening will
be known as St. Luke's Church night. An ex
cellent programme ims been arranged and a
most enjoyable time is anticipated.
Opals, when first taken from the mines,
are so soft that they can be picked to pieces
with the ringer nail.
__J>g^'_jgi°^T^MUSEMENTS-.
i§Msi v? wsk^ftia*
LAST 4 NIGHTS!
LAST 3IATINKK SATURDAY !
Lust Performance Sunday Night.
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully selected Company.
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAYS-LAST TIME
"THE LOVE CHASE."
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee*
"CAMILjLiE"
Saturday and Sunday Nights,
" A2ST UNEQUAL MATCH"
Monday, .Tan. SO
The Baldwin Theater Will Close for
Two Weeks.
Monday, Fob. 3 GRAND OPERA.
THE TAYARY Cmi OPERA CO.
21**—
LAST WEEK! LAST MATINEE SAT. OP
America's Representative Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT (Thursday),
' 'm:ah.]veio]M"
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee .
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
' Saturday Night "HAMLET"
1 Sunday "MACBKTH"
i NEXT MONDAY!
JOYOUS RETURN!
LAST IN '■ SEATS
SKASOWS OI Pi ' TO-DAY.
GREATEST KJl ' v
TRIUMPH! KENTUCKY!
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
li no. kjuntnnxz Kbvi.ino i'roprietor os ->ian»iei ',
TO-NIGHT
SECOND EDITION
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque.
I IXIOKT. \
_ KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEVVS
X or -A-
-0 THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH 0
j jj AND THE SEA. , T
IN- N
A TREAT FOB YOUNG AND OLD!
BRING THE CHILDREN I
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
ruiCDLAnoi:R.Gorn.OD«i c?- LtJitSAnDnAnAowj---
RAIN OR SHINE
'1 hey Will Come to See
THE SUI'KKB FKAWLEY COMPANY
"THE SENATOR!"
The Perfection of All Great American Hays.
SEATS— 15c, 25c, sOc and 75c.
Week January 20— "THE ENSIGN."
EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF
"MY PRECIOUS BABY"
Many of the funniest scenes on tin- stage.
"Klght you are!" says Moses.
J Saturday Matinee— Dolls for Everybody.
j Nisrht Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c. sOc.
| Matinee Prices— lOc. 15c, 25«. No higher
j Saturday Night— WOLVES OF NEW YORK.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Sedley .Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing With Modern American Life.
Emnn Pbicbj— 2sc and S")o.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10:.
Usual Matinees Saturday aim Sunday, i
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton ani Pi v»ll.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
REMARKABLE HEW ATTRACTIONS!
A UNIFORMLY SUPERB BILL! i
QILMORE AND LEONARD,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR, I
% ■ AND
OUR ALL-STAR COMPANY.
Reserved seats. '25c; Balcony, 10c: Open cn»lrt
and Box seats. 50c.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Inglesidc Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION- SI.OO.
Take Southern Faclric trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 13:40 and 1:15 p. m.
j Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
! stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKKLS, W. S. LEA KE.
President. Secretary.
NO RAIN? LOTS OF FUN
footing: the Chutes and Tripping the Trolley I
AFTERNOON and evening.
admission— 10 CENTS
Children (including n Merry-Go-Hound Hide), ioq.
78
H. W. BOWMAN TO
FATHER YORKE
The A. P. A. Editor Says
Rome Is the Enemy
of Progress.
HE DRAWS COMPARISONS
Father Yorke Replies to Rev. C.
W, Wendte on Civil
Government.
THE CATHOLIC CONTENTION.
Dr. Wendte Again Writes on the
Foundation of the Christian
Church.
The following communication from 11. I
W. Bowman, editor of the American Pa
triot, is the latest contribution to the great
controversy :
To the Editor of San Frdnci<co Call— Dear !
Sir.: For ages Rome blocked the wheels of
civilization. The dapper of superstition was
used to kill the children of the brain. Every
new-born idea was met with Herodian cruelty.
Science was chained to tradition and reason
confined In the cells of ranee, She stran- '
gled liberty at Its birth and cursed all who ■
dared think for themselves. Home has been
the Inveterate foe of human progress. She has ■
aaetbematized the man of Drains and impris
oned the scientific discoverer. The civilization -
of to-day has been fought step by step by
Romish intolerance and bigotry. Free educa
tion for fill means liberation from the despotic ■
yoke of the priesthood. Hence the priests op
pose public education because it educates the
masses.
While civilization is swiftly advancing with :
all sails set and banners streaming on the high :
tide of improvement the parley alone remains .
lixod, moored to the rotten wharf oi super
stition by the chains of ignorance. A Roman
ize! nation holds an inferior station. Papal
domination means American subjugation and
the loss of our civilization. It means the tel
escoping of the tenth century into the nine
teenth. Rome wraps herself In the mantle of
the past and calls upon the nations to halt as
they go rushing past o'er the rood of civiliza- :
tion. The three distinguishing marksof a true
civilization, viz.: knowledge, morality and
wealth, nre found in the countries that are
free from the despotic yoke of Romanism. Mr. j
Bfillon, in his book "Equatorial America," j
speaking of the progress of Uruguay and its I
rapid advancement in modern civilization,
says
One reason for the rapid crow-th of the republic
of l"ru?nay is because of its gradually casting off j
the slough of Koman Catholic influence, a species
of dry rot quite sufficient to i>nne about the de- j
btructiou of any Government. The same incubus, j
which was of so lons dins in Mexico, where its '
effect kept the people in Ignorance and ferment for '
c?nturie». has a: last beea abolished and modern
progress naturally follows. In Uruguay the Kom-
Ish church has lost its prestige, having hastened
its own downfall by blindly striving to enforce
iii:eemli-c( ntury ideas upon ihe people of the nine
teenth. Monks and nun have been expelled and
parish schools have been closed. Free schools now
prevail and general knowledge is becoming broad
cast, which simply mean destruction to all Popish.
control. Intelligence is the antidote for bigotry,
which explains the bitter opposition of the Human
Catholic priesthool to free schools wherever that
faith prevails. (Pages 841-242.)
The. man is lost in the machine. He becomes
a mere cog in the wheel of Papal power.
Under the corporate character of Romanism
the priests transact all tne business of salva
tion. The individual has no say. The judg
ment of the priest is supreme. Just as a man I
commit? himself loineears to be carried to ]
his destination, so all the man has to do is to i
commit himself to the priest, and his salva- I
tion is assured. The result is the loss of Indi
viduality and cringing, servile subjection to a
heartless despotism. The result, individually,
is disastrous to morals. It does away with
personal responsibility; it dulls the edge of :
inquiry; it acts us a narcotic upon the mind; !
i: hinders the development of the mental fac- J
ulties; it checks social progress; it prevents
political advancement. ■
The whole tendency of Romanism is to make i
its victims social cripples. 1 ':.! are as de
pendent upon the priest as the cripple upon ;
his crutch. When born he .-prink"; them, j
when a youth eontirms them, a little later mar- I
ries them, when dying anoints, and when i
dead prays them out of purgatory— if he is paid I
for it. In fact, be thinks for them, drinks for
them, ana steals from them from the cradle to
the grave. He can only use his senses as the
priest directs; for when the priest tells him
that bread is flesh and wine is blood, he must
believe it under penalty of damnation. When '
the priest is the jailer of the mind, it is utterly
impossible for the mind to be free. The spirit '
of manly independence can never be exercised
when the priest is put in the place of God, and
his favor is thought necessary to salvation.
While manifold evils have resulted from it
in its religious espeets, yet.its blighting effects
are seen in every department of life. It has
locked the doors of investigation and placed
the keys in the hands of the priests. It has <
been a brake on the wheels of progress. When
men are left free to grapple with life's prob- ;
lems, to solve its mysteries, to search out its
truth, to feel their personal responsibility,
there is a mighty incentive placed before
every one to do his utAost. The conscious
ness of individual responsibility is the main-
Epringof Christian endeavor and of moral ac
tivity. Necessity develops faculties. Respon- '
sibility manifests capacity. Opportunity makes
room for improvement. Exercise is the law of
development. Use strengthens the faculties
while disease -weakens them. Romanism, In
relieving man of his personal responsibility, ,
ftops the motor power of human progress,
Manly independence is pone and slavish
fear makes him the tool of the priest. '
Thus his mind is enervated, his spirit
crushed and his conscience darkened.
While circumstances may modify the result in
some cases yet this is the inevitable tendency. i
Tne history of Europe for twelve centuries tes- i
tified to its baneful influence. It chained hu
manity to the post of ignorance. It unhitched
the horses of progress irom the chariot of civ
ilization and quenched the li res of freedom. •
It not only blocked the wheels of human prog
ress, but sought to completely destroy their
motive power. A torpid mind to truth is blind.
The spirit of individual responsibility is the
first principle of liberty. No man will wear a
despotic yoke who is conscious of his own
rights and the dignity of human nature. Such
love justice and advocate the rights of all
Equal rights lor all is their battle cry. Hence,
When you give the mind a ehance'humanity
will advance. Hen will manifest their ability
as tnev ieel their responsibility. Thus a high
type vi civilization results from the conscious
realization of individual rights and duties, j
That popery has been a tar to human progress !
the testimony of the following witnesses will
prove. Lord Mactulay says.
To stunt the growth of the human mind has been i
her chief object. Throughout Christendom what- '
ever advance has been mad. in knowledge in
freedom. In wealth and in the arts of life has been
made in spite of her, and I. as everywhere been la I
inverse proportion to her power. " The loveliest
and most ferule provinces of hurope have under i
her rule, been sunk in poveny, in political servi
tude and in intellectual torpor, while Protestant
OOunUiea, once proverbial for sterility and barbar
ism, have been turned by skill and industry Into
gardens, and can boast of a long list of heroes m d '
statesmen, philosophers and poets. Whoever
knowing what Italy and Scotland naturally are' !
nnd what, 400 years ago, they actually were
Khali now compare the country round Home '
with the country round Edinburgh, will
be able to form some judgment ob to
the tendency of Papal domination. The descent of
.-pain, once the iirst among monarchies, to the -
lowest depth of degradation; the elevation of Hol- i
land, in spite of many natural disadvantages, to a '
position which no commonwealth so small has !
aver reached, teach the same lesson. Whoever i
passes, in CJormany. from a F.oman Catholic to a j
Protestant principality, In Switzerland from a l:o
--man Catholic to a. Pro^stant canton, in Ireland
irom a P.oman Cctliolic to a Protestant county,
linds that be has passed from a lower to a higher
prade of civilization. On the oth»-.r side of the At
lantic the same law prevails. Th* Protestants of
the United states have i.;; far I hind them the
Jtoman Catholics of Mexico, I'eru and Brazil. The
Koman Cuthollcs of Ixiwer Canada remain inert
while the whole continent round them is in a fer
ment with Protestant activity and enterprise. J
If it be objected that this is Protestant testi
mony we will give the verdict of a Romanist. '
A patriotic French politician, writing about
the loss of Alsace and the conquest of his idol
ized Paris by "herteic" Germany, speaks thus:
The Englishman, the Kusslan and the Prussian,
the '.three great peoples of Europe, who have ob
tained the mastery over the rest, are all heretics.
The Englishman governs the Frenchman at Jersey,
the trpnniards at (.iibraltnr and the Italian at Malta,
all Catholics; nnd the Russian governs the Pole
and ail the Slavonian nations. The Prussian
governs Germauy and holau France. Such are the
facts without exasserauoa. .Now for tlie cause.
There Is a sufficient reason for this. What Is it ? Is
the question one of race? Is it »ne of laws? Be
(ore all, It is a question of religion. The proof is
that of the aim' rni>t\ having the same laws, the
Catholic portion IB always inferior to the Protestant
portion. ; " .v... ::
Proceeding then to demonstrate this general
proposition by an induction from well-known
instances he next inquires: -."
-Am.l what .explanation can b • given of this phe
nomenon? if Protestantism has the same, ttimln
«\fr»inl doctrines as Catholicism it has a totally
different disetprlne'und the difference in the result.
'i be Catholic discipline tends to rratsnlatie^ Protes
tantism to autonlmto. The li""st makes machines;
the second men. The Oile makes slaves; the other
citizens. Catholicism says to th*- child, "Believe!"
Protestantism says to him, ■'Think
The fact that this is a Romish testimony
makes it doubly conclusive, It is the judge
who calls us heretics that pronounces in favor
of our heresy. Hence the question which
determines national triumphs and displays
realms of boundless prosperity is no longer a
question of soil or climate, of race or laws.
''Before all It is a question of religion." :
In 1860, ten years before the Franco-Prussian
Wat, M. Edmund About hadafeuilleton In the
Opinion Nationals devoted to the Protestants
of Alsace. Demonstrating the vast superiority
of the Protestants in every point of social mo«
raiity he says (inter ulia) :
a Catholic Superintendent of Woods and Forests
declared to me that In a canton, of which three
fourths of the inhabitants are Protestants, 93 per
cent of the offenses against the forest laws are
committed by Catholics. 1 could not believe my
ears. * * * They civilly answered me that I
was in error. That the heretic youth of this dis
trict was better educated than our own, and for
this reason, that the Protestant ministers were
able und zealous men. who threw their whole souis
into their work, while, on the other hand,
the good Catholic priests of Alsace knew
nothing more than how to say mass
and curse Protestants. They further told
me that the Protestants were the best farmers;
that their dwellings are the neatest and cleanest :
that they are the best men of business and mnke
fortunes more frequently than Catholics, They
showed me the Protestant villages in a scale of
the highest prosperity, lands yielding rich bar
vests and Nourishing manufactures— for ex
ample, as thos- 1 of M. Goldenberg and M. Schaten
man. They showed me Catholic hamlets, and even
towns, in which idleness, drunk' and misery
enjoyed a fraternal reign, notwithstanding that all
the women attended mass every day mid that the
men kept more than a hundred saints' days in a
year. "You see," said a heretic to me, '•that the
influence of Koine Is felt afar off. It may be com
pared to the sirocco, which blows across the des
erts of Africa and throws us upon our backs,
at Strasburfc. It is a happy thing for us that we
have found » shelter against the blast from Home.
And remember this, that if your kings of the six
teenth century had allowed Frame to become alto-'
sether Protestant it would at this day be infinitely
more rich and more moral than it is." This
hypothesis so shocked my Catholic pride that 1
exclaimed to the Protestant: "Mr, what you have
last said appears to me a monument of hypocrisy
and an ignoble tissue of contradiction." in this
way 1 shut him up. or. between ourselves, bis
arguments were no: easy to refute and when, you
do not feel yourself able to answer a man the short
est way out of the difficulty Is to insult him.
In a remarkable book entitled "England, Ire
land, America," written by Mr. Richard Cob
den, a keen observer of men and nations, he
says :
There exists a canse— and we believe a primary
one— of the retrograde position, as compared with i
England and Scotland, In which we find Ireland at [
t he present day, in the circumstance of the Etonian
Catholic being the faith of its people. Let us not
be misunderstood : our business does not lie in pole
mics; and far be It from us to decide which mode of
worship may be the most acceptable to the great
Author of our being. We wish only to speak of
the tendency which, Judging from facts that are
before us, this chorea has to retard the secular
prosperity of nations.
Proceeding then to adduce the "facts,"
which not only warrant but necessitate this
■•judgment," he shows that in Switzerland—
and "probably there is no country in which the
effects of the Catholic and reformed religions
upon the temporal career of communities may
be more fairly tested' —
Those cantons in which the Catholic faith
prevails are wholly pastoral in their pursuits, pos
sessing no commerce or manufacturing industry
beyond the rode products of domestic labor. Of
tli* mixed cantons three are engaged in the manu
facture of cotton, and it is a remarkable feature in
the industry of these— the Catholic portion of Che
population is wholly addicted to agricultural and
the Protestant section to commercial pursuits.
All the eight Protestant cantons are. more or less,
encased In manufactures.
Nor must we omi: to add, what every traveler in
Switzerland will have seen, that In the education
of the people, the cleanliness of the towns, the
commodiousness of the inns and the quality of the
roads, the Protestant cantons possess a great su
p«jiori;y over their Catholic n«i<:hr>ors, while such
is the difference in the value of land that an es
tateln Fribourg. a Cctholic canton, possessing a
richer soil than that of Benee, from which it is
inly divided by ft rivulet, is worth one-third leas
than the same extent of property in the latter
Protesiant district-
After referring to France he adds:
'•Germany gives us ■ additional facts to the
name purport." Prussia, Saxony anil the other
Elates, "chiefly Protestant," "comprise nearly all
the manufacturing and commercial interests of
the country"; while those which are "principally
Catholic" are "almost wholly addicted- to Ugtl-
EDlture. Education likewise follows the same law
here, as in Switzerland; for while the Catholics
amount to about 2u,000.000 and possess but five
universities the Protestants support thirteen, with
July a population of 14,000.000."
If we turn to Catholic Italy, where there la very '
little manufacturing of any kind, we Bud that the i
'ommerce -of the country is principally in the j
bands of foreigners. * * * The trade of the
Italian States Is, in groat part, transacted by
Protestants. * • * We need scarcely add to
;hese statements the fact whlcfi all are acquainted
with, that in Ireland th" staple manufacture is
'ilmost wholly contined to the Protestant prov
inces. If we refer to France, we shall find that a
large depot of manufacturing industry has been
formed on the extreme Inland frontier or her terri
:ory on the Rhine, where her t>< s! cottons arc fab
ricated and printed, and conveyed to the metrop-
Dlis (about 300 miles off) for sale.
Alsace, the Protestant district we allude to, con
tains no local advantages, no iron or coal; it Is up*
ward of 400 miles distant from the port through,
which the raw materials of its manufactures are
obtained and whence the> are conveyed en
tirely by land, passing through Paris, to which city
the goods are destined to De again returned. Thus
are these commodities transported overland more
than 700 miles for no other assignable reason ex
sept that they may be subjected to the labor of
Protestant bands.
In future articles we will show that Rome is
not a proper teacher of youth as her teachings
have failed to civilize the nations.
H. W. Bowman.
rostscriptutn No. I.— There are a few things
Priest Yorke left undone in his article upon
Spanish civilization in the New "World, as con
trasted with that of England.
First — lie did not cite the horrid tales of
cruelty practiced upon the Aztecs of Mexico
and the lucas of Peru. Nothing in Protestant
annals can equal them. For proof the reader
pan consult Prescott's admirable works upon
the subject.
Second— He did not stats that the schools
founded by the Jesuits to engraft superstition
upon the people were not for the masses, but
for a special class.
Third— He did not inform his readers of the
fact that all the advance, made in public edu
cation had been opposed by the intolerant big
otry of the Romish priesthood. Neither did he
enlighten them in regard to the tact that the
increased civilization of Mexico was due to its
acceptance of Protestant principles of govern
ment, and its rejection of papal tenets. While
the incubus of Rome rested upon it, it made
no advance.
Fourth— He was too discreet to intimate that
persecution for opinion's Bake was a funda
mental principle of Romanism, and that all
Protestants who persecuted others for their re
ligious belief were practicing some of Rome's
old tricks.
Fifth— When he wrote the following state
ment, did he expect it to pass muster at the
bar of history? He said:
We find the most < old-blooded and savage war
fare ever waged by one creed against another wns
Instigated by Bineham and bis fellow-American
preachers in these islands of the Pacific.
If Yorke tells the truth the untold millions
put to death by Rome do not equal the num
ber slaughtered at Hawaii. St. rJartholemew's
massacre passes into insignificance, the Spanish
Inquisition was only a trivial affair, and the
martyred Albigenses and Woldenses are not
worthy of comparison in contrast with the
awful scenes of carnage in the Pacific isles.
Talk no more about the fires of Smithfield and
the great Irish massacre I Such small affairs
cut no figure alongside of the awful horrors of
the Protestant Inquisition at Hawaii.
Picture in your mind the secret dungeons,
the rack, the thumbscrew, the iron boots, the
molten lead poured down the throat, the mid-,
night massacres, soaking the streets of cities
in blood, and the lurid flames of the martyr's
funeral pyre, all superintended by a Protestant
preacher, and let a tear of pity roll down your
check out of sympathy for persecuted Roman
ists. The citizens of fcan Francisco ought to
take up a collection to buy Priest Yorke a
golden belt as the champion truth-teller of the
universe. The laurels of George Washington
have been transferred to Peter C. Yorke.
Postscriptum No. — In my article which ap
peared in Sunday's issue of your paper there
were two mistakes. The second paragraph
should read : "That the Papacy in the United
States has acted upon these principles is an in
controvertible fact." In the postscriptum
where it reads, "His denial do not alter";
it should be "does not alter." In Tuesday's
issue "prigs" should have been "pugs, 1 and
"practice feel asleep" ought to be "and purity
feel asleep." There is a portion of the article
missing that relates to the criminality of South
America. The statistics immediately following
relate to Europe. 11. W. Bowman.
♦
DR. WENDTE ON FAITH.
The Unitarian Minister Sends An
other Letter to Father Yorke on
the Church's Foundation.
Following is a synopsis of Dr. Wendte's
reply to Father Yorke as publi-tieu in the
Examiner:
I now address myself briefly to one or two
points raii>ed by my oppou*ut," waexe it woald
TEE SAN FUAKCI6CO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY If?, 1896.
seem that my meaning might be made clearer
or be fortified With new proofs.
For instance, be objects very strongly to my
saying that the passage in which Christ calls
Peter a rock and says be will build his church
Upon it, is a "mysterious" one. Nothing can
bo plainer than this, says Father Yorke.
Strange then, if it were not more or lens am
biguous, that good men and learned have dif
fered about it so widely for many centuries,
and that Father Yorke himself should wade
through so many .sentences to show how per
fectly simple it is. For myself, the oftener I
read it (Matt, xvi: 13) the more I am persuaded
that it was not Peter's unstable personality on
which Jesus intended to build hischurcU, but
upon that living faith in him as the Christ, the
anointed messenger of God, the Messiah of
humanity to which the ardent Peter, always
the quickest to perceive find speak of the
twelve, had just given utterance. An endur
ing "institution,' a true church, is not built
upon a man. It is built upon ideas and ideals,
sentiments and hopes, :>n trust in that which,
though unseen, is eternal. Any church which
is built on the tradition of a man must sooner
or later fall. We do not build on Christ, even.
We build on the truth, virtue and fnith which
Christ taught and was. That is why the Roman
Catholic church, after centuries of gradual
decline, is now so rapidly crumbling to pieces,
Not in the United States, perhaps, where cir
cumstances give it a temporary renewal, but
in Europe, the sent of its birth and former
greatness.
Father Yorke naturally denies this. To him
it is built upon a rock. But there seems little
of stability or permanence in its present vicis
situdes and decays. All of which reminds me
of a little story with which 1 will enliven the
discussion.
Father Finnegan was a worthy priest and an
eloquent preacher, though now and then his
Hibernian blood betrayed itself in a racy
brogue and a mixed metaphor, as it does, by
the way, in the case of Father Yorke, when he
says iii this very communication that "Peter
was the reck because he spread the gospel."
One day, then, Father Finnegan delivered a
powerful sermon to his flock on this very text,
and descanted loud and long on the glory nnd
permanence of a church so founded. Waxing
warm, he cried: '-The Catholic church, my
beloved friends, is like a noble ship, gallantly
sailing over the ocean. Her hold is full
freighted with the souls of her faithful chil
dren. St. Peter is the captain, whose hand is
on her tiller. Her prow is pointed toward the
blissful shores of paradise. Her sails are
swelled with the breath of heaven. On her
flying pennant is the emblem of the cross. The
storms of hate and malice will beat wildly
down upon her; the rains ■will descend and
the floods threaten to engulf her. But she will
not sink, my beloved friends; she will never
sink. And why, my beloved? Because, as our
text ?o beautifully assures us, she is founded
upon a rock!"
Good Father Finnegan spoke wiser than he
knew. The Catholic church is indeed founded,
or, still better, foundered on a rock. That rock
is the unwarranted, indefensible claim of
Peter's primacy. The Roman Papacy is the
rock on which the Catholic church will yet
split in two.
Never was there a more unscriptural, unhls
torical, unreasonable and unchristian dogma]
Says the great Catholic church historian,
I. yon Dosliinger, the most learned scholar and
chief ornament of that church, whose freedom
of thought and speech at length carried him
out of that communion :
Of all the fathers who interpret these passages in
the gospels (Matthew xvi:lß, John xxi:l7), not a
single one applies them to the Homan Bishops as
Peter's successors. How many fathers have
busied themselves with these texts, yet not one of
them whose commentaries we possess— Oricen,
Chrysostom. Hilary, Aueus'.lne, Cyril, Theodoret
and those whose interpretations are collected In
catenae -hus dropped the faintest hint chat the
primacy of Rome is the consequence of the com
mission and promise to Pet«r! Not one of them
has explained the rock or foundation on which
Christ would build his church of the office civen
to Peter to be transmitted to his successors,
but they understood by it tiiher Christ himself,
or Peter's confession of faith in Christ: often both
together. Or else they thought Peter was the
loundation equally with all the other apostles,
the twelve being together the Foundation-stones
Of the Church (Revelation xxi:l4). The Fathers
could the less recognize In the power of i he keys.
and the power of binding and loosing, any special
prerogative or lordship of the Rom an Bishop, in
asmuch as — what Is obvious to any one at tlrst
sight — they did not regard r power first given to
Peter, ami afterward conferred in precisely the
same words on all the .apostles, as anything pe
culiar to him, or hereditary in the line of P.oman
Bishops, and they held the symbol of the keys as
meaning .His the same as the figurative expres
sion of binding and loosing.
And again Doollir.ger Miys :
Every one knows the one classical passage of
Scripture o i which the edifice of PApal infallibil
ity has been reared: "I have prayed for thee, that
thy faith fail not: .ni when thou art converted
confirm thy brethren." But these words mani
festly refer only to Peter personal 3 , to his denial
of Christ, and his conversion; be is told that he,
whose failure of With would be only of short dura
tion, is to strengthen the other apostles, whose
faith would likewise waver. it Is directly against
the sense of the passage, which speaks simply of
faith, first waverini, and then tc be confirmed In
the .Mr&slanic dignity of Christ, to iind in it a
promise of future infallibility to a succession of
Popes, just, because they hold the office Peter first
he d In the Roman church. Xo single writer to the
end of the seventh century dreamt of such an in
terpretation: all without exception— and there are
eighteen of them— explain it simply as a prayer of
Christ that his apostle might not wholly succumb
and lose Uis a, th entirely in his approaching trial."
(Janus p. 74-75.)
In the opinion ol most scholars of the
modern critical school this whole passage
(John xxi:lt» is palpably ungenmne. The
fourth gospel ends naturally with the lust
verse of chapter xx. The last chapter is evi
dently an appendix later added to the fourth
gospel .ii order to counteract its glorification
of the beloved disciple and to make Peter ap
pear as the chief apostle.
Finally, Father Vorke would have as believe
that all this stupendous claim for the primo
geniture of the Bishops of Rome is to be bused
on such shadowy proofs as these. Think how
much, if the Papal theory be ferae, is involved
in the acceptance of the primacy of St. Peter
at Rome. It would mean the spiritual peace
and salvation of millions of people who now
deny it. And all these tremendous conse
quences- to the human race are made to depend
on the correctness of one way of interpreting a
single text in one of the gospels, or at most two
or three dubious texts! It is as absurd to sup
pose this as ii men were to undertake to build
h, pyramid by inverting it and elevating it
upon its apex.
My good Father Yorke! Let the Catholic
church appeal to the imagination, the affec
tions, the spiritual needs of men; let her point
them to the works of mercy and charity in
which she abounds. But let her carefully
avoid all intellectual conflict, and especially
all appeals to Scripture, history or the reason
of man. For here the inexorable logic of truth
is against her, and she has nothing to gain
and everything to lose. For all your learning
and eloquence, your courage and zeal, the issue
remains, Rome or reason! the authority of
uncertified tradition and the assured disclo
sures of the individual intelligence and con
science of man fortified dv the facts of science,
the testimonies of history' and the inward dis
closures of God. "Choose ye this day whom ye
will serve." As for me and my house I will
serve freedom and truth and God.
Charles W. Wendte,
Minister First Unitarian Church in Oakland.
— »
FATHER YORKE SPEAKS.
The Chancellor Writes of Civil Gov
ernment and the Catholic
Church.
Rev. Father Yorke submits the follow
ine in answer to a recent communication
ol Dr. Wendte:
San- Fkancisco, Jan. 15, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call— Deab BIb: Until
to-day T have not had an opportunity to give
to T>r. Wendie's letter on civil government and
Catholicism that study which it deserves. The
delay has been unavoidable. In the first place
I have been compelled to attend to other
;.oints of the controversy, and in tho second
place I have found it necessary to verify the
quotations which Dr. Wendte scattered so pro
fusely over his letter.
l>r. 'Wenate's contention is that according to
Catholic doctrine the State is subordinate to
tae chureu and that Catholics can be patriots
only by being ignorant or illogical. Thaj we
are both ignorant and illogical Dr. Wendte be
lieves.snd therefore he renchesthe comlorting
conclusion that American institutions are in
no danger from our disloyalty.
This appreciation of our position is certainly
not nattering. I do not regret, however, that
it has been made public. Catholics may now
see the necessity of some such discussion a?
the Bresent when a master in Israel can assoil
tis ot treason ouiv by tainting us with heresy.
If the minister of a cultured congregation un
der the very shudow of .our university knows
so little about us and our teaching, what shall
we extiect from the illiterate orators who infest
Metropolitan Temple? If such things be done
in the green wood, what bhall be done in the
dry?
In the very beginning oi this letter I wish
to say tiiat L>r. Wendte knows aDsohitely noth
ing of the Catholic teaching: concerning the
relations of tlie civil government and the
church. This may seem a very harsh nnd a
very sweeping assertion, but I ]>::t it forward
with a thorough realization of -whist the words
menu. 1 impute no blame to Dr. Wendte for
no; kuoiving the teaching of Catholicism on
this point. I only blame him for >\ riling on a
subject of which he is ignorant.
COKTKOVERM AI. H ETHOBfc
Your renders mny remark, Mr. Editor, that
the men who undertake to prove that Catho
lics liold the supremacy of the church over the
state never refer to ("'atholic works deaiitij?
with the subject. 'We have thousands and
thousands of books written by Catholics on
civil and church governments" on the nature
of law, on the duties of the subject, yet v.c
never iind one of these books quoted by our
adversaries.
Dr. Wendte has never looked into the folios
of Suarcz, or Lugo, or Muriana, or liellarmine.
He has never burned the midnight oil over
subtle distinctions of Aquinas or Peter Lom
bard. He lias not even skimmed the
modem handbooks of Cavagnis, or Lapparelli,
or Sauve, or Icard, and yet he dis
courses on the doctrines of the Catholic
church. He might have written and written
learnedly on the Bonzes; of Japan and the
"irntifi Lama of Thibet, and no one would have
criticized him; but what in the name of
common seuse tempted him to put pen to
paper on the. doctrines of the church of Rome?
Dr. Wendte's letter is a fair sample of the
controversial methods of our opponents. The
proof of his assertion is formed by a crowd of
quotations levied from everywhere and no
where. Like Falstaff's ragged regiment they
march down the column. The van is led by
the code of Gratian to give legal solemnity to
the occasion. In the procession lope and
Cardinal jostle with preacher and infidel.
The ghost of Janus marches cheek by jowl
with Judge Maguire, Bellarmine strangles
along arm in arm with Boniface VIII, Doel
llnger and Manning have forgotten their dif
ferences in their zeai to hurry forward and 'he
rear is brought up by the two distinguished
theologians, Dr. Wendte's cook and John S.
H it tell.
When I saw this array of distinguished per
sonages I must admit that my heart failed me.
I have been trained in a school whose nrst
motto and whose last was "Verify your refer
ences." In matters of quotation it has been
drummed into me "Never take anything on
faith." Accordingly I was ssd at heart when I
saw this cloud of witnesses hovering over my
head. Each had to be identified and examined
and identification and examination are no
easy task. I rejoiced, however, when I read
that "the document* may be found in full in
Mayor Sutro'fl splendid library."
But my joy was of short duration. I found
it rs hard to get into Mayor Sutro's library as
into the kingdom of heaven. Life is too short
to spend it in unraveling red tape and dodging
strings. The papers say that the Mayor be
lim-es that clergymen tire confirmed book
thieves. I suppose he thought it would not be
safe to let one loose among the books unless
under the eagle ana expert eyes of Mr. George
T, liaiien tod Mr. J. Taylor Rodgers. Anyhow,
at the only time I could ypare I was informed
tlmt i could not be admitted without seeing
Mr. Sutro, so I turned my sorrowful steps to
ward more hospitable if less learned doors.
THE VALTE OF CERTAIN SCUOI/A-RB.
I was especially anxious to prove the refer
ences when 1 saw that Mr. Wendte's chief re
liance was Mr. John S. Hittell. I have had
some experience with this gentleman's third
hand information, and when I found the doc
tor calling him a "learned scholar" my sus
picions were aroused. The laet of the matter
is that of all the pretenders to scholarship —
and their name is legion— Mr. John H. Hittell's
claims rest on the slenderest foundation. Of
him the Boston Herald wrote:
••The author has been grossly misled in re
gard to Catholic doctrine; his knowledge of
casuistry is not even rudimentary, and iv rare
cai-es, when Ii is accounts of isolated events are
correct, he falsifies them by taking no account
of the spirit of the tiuje."
The Critic of last September thus appreciates
him:
•We arc at once confronted by the abundant
internal evidenr,- that the author understands
no one of the ancient languages and that his
knowledge of the modern languages is de
fective."
Without putting myself on a level with these
distinguished critics I might remark thut after
n careful examination of his book I wrote in
the Monitor as follows:
"At the end of the book Mr. John S. Hittell
publishes a list of the works which he has con
sulted. The list shows bis u:tcr unacquaint
ar.ee with the Catholic side of the question
which he discusses. a school history of the
church, a controversial pamphlet and a few
miscellaneous essays are the sole witnesses
which he allows to testify In behalf of that in
stitution which has made it possible that Mr.
J. S. Htttell can speak at all. If he had in
clnded a standard English dictionary among
his references he might have written less but
learned more. The ignorance of a man who
can -define 'the ordinary' as 'a deputy of the.
Bishop' is phenomenal, even in an ami-
Catholic pamphleteer."
Hence when I saw Dr. Wendte leaning on
the "learned schcUar," Mr. John S. Hittell, I
bethought me of a broken reed. Without
going into that detailed examination to which
I shall submit the quotations in another com
munication I would give a few Instances of
Mr. Hindi's scholarship. Thus Dr. Wendte
writes: "Thomas Aquinas, the greatest among
the doctors of the church, tenches that 'the
power of temporal princes derives its strenetn
and efficacy solely from the spiritual power of
the popes. Bo says the Catholic church his
torian, Doellinger," in his 'Fable.*,' p. 153."
Here the reader j ould naturally Imagine that
he has before him the words of a Catholic doc
tor, vouched tor by a Catholic historian. As a
matter of fact the reference is a fraud. Doel
linger does not refer to Thomas Aquinas at
all, and he makes no quotation whatsoever.
Immediately afterward Dr.Wendte writes: "So
Bellarminc, another eminent Papal authority,
declares that the Roman Pontiff has supreme.
power to dispose in the temporal affairs of all
Christians." Now Dr. Wendte never saw Bellar
mine, neither has he seen Ranke, from whom
the garbled quotation has been taken. At
least I hope be has not, for Ranke states un
equivocally: "Bellarmine does not go so far us
to ascribe to the Pope as of divine right a di
rect secular power. 1 '
A LITERARY CRIME.
It would be useless jnsi now to continue
tliesc demonstrations of bad faith. The matter
will come np in luture letters and to better
mi vantage. Indeed, I would conclude this
introductory letter with these damnging dis
closures were it not that 1 find Dr. Wendte
erecting a lofty Bcaffoldlng of argument on
what I cannot but designate a literary crime.
1 state in the beginning of my letter that Dr.
Wendte knew nothing about the Catholic
teaching concerning tne relations of church
nnd state. lie takes the stand that Catholics
believe mat the sttite is subordinate to the
church. However, he is a man of observation
and of wide experience, therefore he cannot
rail to recognize the fact that in performing
the duties of citizenship Catholics are not be
hind any class in the community.
In order to explain this discrepancy between
the imputed theory and actual practice he has
hail recourse to the supposition that we arc
logically inconsistent. To back up this rap
position he speaks oi'v.hat he calls "Catholic
accommodations." He believes thut the
church "modifies her demands." She waits
until she has the power, and then— lo! the
thumbscrews and the rack! To show that this
is the miua of the Tope he quotes Leo XIII
and his encyclical of June 20, 1888:
"Although in the extraordinarycondition of
these times the church usually acquiesces in
certain modern liberties, not because she pre
fers ihem in themselves, but because she
sit expedient to permit them, in better
times she would use her own liberty. "
This has an ominous sound. It does not re
quire a very vivid fancy to conjure up the
measures the Pope would adopt "in better
times." Men whose youth has been fed on
"Fox's Book of Martyrs" and on lurid de
scriptions of "Autos de Fc" know well what
the Implied threat siguilies. So Dr. Wendte
continues:
"We can readily imagine what this means—
that if the Catholic hierarchy ever obtained
control of our national life they would, in
accordance with their well known and freely
expressed principles, put an end to free speech,
a free press, free schools, and a free govern
ment. Are we not warranted in believing
this?"
Now let me state that this quotation is per
fectly correct— as fur as it goes. Leo XIII is
speaking about the license which obtains in
European, countries under which books are
printed, pictures exposed, lewdnesses prac
ticed, which would not for rive minutes be
tolerated in San Francisco. He says what Dr.
i Wendte quotes, but he says more. I will put
the quotation and the original in parallel
columns for the edification of your readers:
DR. -WKVDTE. ] T.T.O XII.
Although in the ex.tra- And although in the
ordinary condition of extraordinary condition
these limes the church of these times the church
usually acquiesces in usually acquiesces in cer
tain modern liberties— tain modern liberties—
not because she prefers! not because she prefers
them in themselves, but j them In themselves, but
because she judges it ex-' because she juries It ex
pedient to permit them— lpedient to permit them—
In better times she would ishe would in happier
use her own liberty. times exercise her own
liberty, and by persua
sion. exhortation and en
treaty would endeavor,
as she is bound to fulfill
the duty assigned to her
by God of providing for
the eternal salvation of
rmmitind.
This means that the church which is now
muzzled in certain countries would use the
liberty which every street ranter in the United
States possesses. There is no hint of any means
being used but moral means the same means ,
which Dr. Wendte would employ in such a
juncture. Why, then, did he stop in the middle
of a sentence? Why did he leave to the imagi
nation what the Pope expressly stated? Is this
a fair and manly way to deal ■with an oppo
i nent? Is Dr. Wendte reduced to the necessity
of mutilating papal encyclicals to make a
point against the Pope? Surely truth does not
need such help nor such defenders.
A. P. A. DISHONESTY.
I am not surprised to find such tactics em
ployed by men of the intellectual cc.liber of
iJowiuan, but I p.m surprised to find them em
ployed by Dr. W'endte. Mere, however, I owe
an apology to tho doctor for introducing his
name into this letter, bowman is such an in
exhniifit:ble cesspool that decent men prefer
to hold their lioses as they pass him by. As a
warning to Dr. \\'i>ndte, "however, that he is
liable to be confounded with this unclean cate
gory, I would refer to the similar tactics of If.
W. Bowman. ] v the fruit of His scissors, dated
January 10, 1 find that to prove the supremacy
of the Pope in civil affairs he quotes F. X.
Schope. I will put the original and the quo
tation in parallel colums: •-,',.*
WHAT BOWMAX SAYS. [ WHAT SCHOTJPE SAYS-
Human laws are sue- Human laws are sus
ceptible of dispensation, ceptible of dispensation.
The power to dispense The power of dispensing
belong! to the sovereign belongs to the sovereign
Pontiff. Pontiff for all eceelsiasii
■ cal laws, ■ vows, oaths
and obstacles to mar
i riage.
This dishonesty we would expect from Bow
man, but not from Dr. Wendte. It shows,
however, that men who would make an attack
on Catholicism nre reduced to forgery and
misrepresentation for their weapons. The fact
of the matter is that there is nothing in the
Catholic teaching concerning church and state
which conflicts with American ideas. We have
no need of sacrificing our logic to preserve our
pp.trioti.sm. From start to finish, Catholic the
ology and Catholic philosophy are consistent.
We have nothing . to hide, nothing to explain
away. Our feet are set upon the rock of truth,
and though our enemies rage and devise vain
things we shall not be moved.
This letter is merely introductory. 1 have
written it to show th<j tactics of our adversaries
and the unworthinuss of the weapons on which
they reply. I intend during the next few days
to explain as clearly as I can the true Catholic
teaching on. church and state. I intend to
take up Dr. "Wendte's charges one by one and
see how they will bear the light of truth.
When I have finished this examination it will
be found that all the quotations which have
been bi ought against us will have ranged
themselves on our side. This task cannot be
finished in one day or in a single letter, but 1
hope that the importance of this subject will
excuse the demands on your space.
In his letter of this morning Dr. Wendte
states that 1 have been educated into believing
in the Pope. I must confers that this is the
fact. A wide course of reading has not shaken
my belief, but confirmed it. Indeed, if there
were anything which would knit papistry
into my bones it is the methods used by those
who assail us. They cannot meet us with the
truth. . They clothe themselves in the rags and
tatters of the middle ages and cry out. This is
the -armor, wherein we trust, they dare not
let their congregation see the church as she
is — the King's daughter without spot or
blemish.
Like Cinderella, they hurry her into the !
kitchen and make her sit among the ashes and
defile her face with grime, but ail in v&ia.
Her beauty cannot be hid. Maltreat her how
they wiil, the true heart discerns her comeli
ness. Sick and tired of systems and theories ;
and half truths and equivocations, the souls of i
the people look toward the mountain whence |
their help is to come. Let them once see the i
church in her? reality, no power on eaith
can keep them from joining themselves unto
her. The only hope of Protestantism is to ;
blind the eyes and to close the ears and to
harden the hearts of the people, lest they
should see with their eyes and hear with their
ears and understand with their hearts, and
should be converted and saved. P. c. Yorke.
SEEING COLLECTOR LEES
More Caution Will Bs Observed
in Granting Free
Licenses.
MERCHANTS ARE COMPLAINING.
Mr. Lees Leaves the License Committee
in an Angry Mood— He Gains
His Point.
In the midst of the meeting of the
License and Order Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday License
Collector Fred Lees got op from bis scat
with a face pale with anger, and nodding
to his deputies, who with himself were '
supposed to bo assisting the committee to
segregate the deserving from the unde
serving applicants for free licenses, said :
'•Come on, boys; there is no use of our
wasting any more time here. We might
aa well get out and dig. "
Then lie stalked out, followed by his
subordinates, leaving t!ie members of the
committee in a state of blank astonish
ment.
Mr. Lees' anger was caused by the man
ner in which free permits to sell goods,
wares and merchandise were being granted
to men of all ages and conditions as fast
as they could be ushered in and tell their
tales of woe.
Supervisor King was the chief advocate
of the claims of the many applicants, most
of whom were by able-bodied men fully
able to earn wages at any work they might
choose. The^ Supervisor from the First
seemed to know each man by name and
occupation, and indorsed the wonderful
tales they told without turning a hair.
The other members of the committee
protested time after time, but King in
sisted ana his decision prevailed. It was
when the fortieth applicant, a husky
potato-peddler, had been allowed to co
with his prayer granted that the License
Collector gave up the fight and retired.
"It is an outrage," he said after return
ing to his oihce, "that this City is kept out
of the thousands of dollars that these
Supervisors give to'-peddlcrs every quarter.
Not one-quarter of them are deserving, and
it is really a detriment that matters are
allowed to go on as they do. Every day
merchants come to my ofiiceand complain
of peddlers who sell in front of their very
doors on free licenses. These merchants
pay taxes and licenses and should be pro
tected.
"I would not object if cripples and those
who are totally unable to work were given
licenses for their own use, but when I see
a man come out of the committee-room
and give or well hi.s permit to some big
hoodlum who had not the face to ask it
himself it makes me tired. I know of a
number of instances where this has oc
curred.
"These are the very peddlers who are
constantly watched by the police because
61 the thefts committed by them. They
pay $1 50 per day for the \ise of a horse
and wagon, and usually 75 cents for an as
sistant, but cannot afFord to pay a license
that amounts to about 10 cents per day.
Last week this committee granted 120 free
licenses, and the crowd of applicants
crows larger at every meeting.
"At this rate tlfere will be 800 free li
censes grunted this year, which means a
loss of $8000 to the City, or at least $5000 if
the really deserving applicants are weeded
out. It is a peculiar state of affairs when
1700 peddlers' licenses are sold in one year
and 800 given away.
''The proper way would be to send ap
plicants to this ottice for examination be
fore giving them licenses. My men know
about every peddler in San Francisco, and
they would soon separate the deserving
from the undeserving. At the rate things
are going now it will be but a short time
before hundreds of small storekeepers who
carry the goods sold by peddlers will be
driven out of business. lam not going to
any more meetings of that committee, and
they can turn out as many free licenses to
bummers :is they please."
Unknown to Mr. Lees hi 3 ca'ise was
beine fought in the committee by Super
visor Benjamin and Secretary Russell.
Both ex pressed the opinion that the grant
ins of free licenses was being conducted
too loosely and that each case should be
investigated before the coveted permit
was granted. Mr. Russell cited the casts
of a number of small storekeepers who had
complained that the increase in the num
ber of street-peddlers threatened to drive
them out of business.
It was finaliy decided that a resolution
should be introduced at the next meeting
of the board providing that in future all
applicants for free licenses must first apply
to the License Collector, and that only
those who are recommended by him shall
be granted free licenses.
Although golf has been played for cen
turies it is only within the last few months
that a club has been invented made en
tirely of one piece of wood. The result is
an approach to perfection.
The only eclipse visible in North Amer
ica in 1896 will occur August M-'li—a par
tial eclipse of the moon.
CALLS IT SLOW MURDER.
Remarkable Statement of James
Willey on the Hirshfeider
Treatment.
THAT CONSUMPTION LYMPH.
Says Most of the Patients Died Under
the Injections and All Became
Much Worse.
James "Willey, once a well-known real
estate man in San Francisco and now in
what appear to be the latter stages of con
sumption, has a strange story to relate
concerning the alleged '-wonderful cures"
that Dr. Joseph 0. Hirshfelder's lymph
has effected at the City and County Hos
pital.
Two days ago Mr. Willey came from the
hospital— "escaped," he calls it, and now
he is lying in his bed in a little front room
at 22 Minna street, almost too wealc to sus
tain the effort of a lengthy conversation.
"I came away from, the hospital to
escape the lymph treatment of Dr. Ilirsh
felder," he said yesterday afternoon.
"While I was in the hospital I did not
dare to talk, but now I am under my own
roof and may speak my mind freely. I
want to tell the truth about that lymph in
jection treatment of Dr. Hirshfeider. That
article in the Examiner the other day tell
ing about the wonderful cures that had
been" made was entirely untrue. Not one
patient at the City and Courfty Hospital
who took the treatment was benefited by
it. On the contrary, it hastened the death
of several and made them all much worse.
'•The, Kxamfner reporter could have
found t) at out for himself if he had wanted
to. I was there when he called and the
superintendent brought him to my bed and
said: 'Here's an Examiner reporter who
wants you to tell him about the lymph
treatment.'
"I knew what the superintendent meant
— that I was to speak well of the treat
ment — but it had affected me too badly for
that. I .simply shook my head and had
nothing to say.
"1 went to the City and County Hospital
about the first of last October. I could
walk around then and when the weather
was pood enjoyed fairly good health,
though 1 was far too weak to be of any use
to myself in working. About the tirst of
November Dr. Hir^hfelder began his ex
periments with the lymph injections.
There were seven of us* consumptive pa
tients In J ward. He injected all of us
with his stuff in the fleshy parts of the
legs and arms, and thereafter our temper
atures must be gauged every hour, day and
night. This fact alone was very trying on
most of the patients, for, of course, we
were mot permitted to sleep more than one
hour at a time during the entire twenty
lour hours.
"When I began to take the treatment 1 ;
weighed 125 pounds. At the end. of the
lirst eight days' treatment we were all
marched to tlie scales. I had fallen down
to 113 pounds, :md all the others in corre
sponding ratios. During all those eight
day- we vomited continually, had high
pulsec, could eat little or nothing, could j
keep nothing on our stomachs and were i
very feverish most of the time. At the ]
end of the second eight days, when we '
were weighed again, 1 tipDed "the scales at
103 pounds. When the doctor came
around the next morning I refused to
allow him to inject any more of his
medicine in me. 1 told'hira how badly
the stuff "was affecting me. It was killing
me. I could see and feel that, and I told
the doctor so plainly. So then they took
me out of the ward and put me down into
a damp and cold room without a fire,
where I lay and shivered all the time.
They did tins so that my example would
not have a bad effect on the other patients
and cause them to refuse the lymph.
"Now, it's slow murder; that's all this
lymph injection is. Think of a weak and
sick man iroing sixteen days and nights on
a stretch without two consecutive hours of
sleep all that time, and with a high fever
and a nausea that prevented me from
eating enough to keep a bird alive.
"I am glad now that I finally got away
from|the hospital and from any danger of
that lymph treatment. But I was luckier
than almost any of the others. I think all
of them died. At least, all of them grew a
great deal worse under the treatment, ex
hibiting the same symptoms as I did.
There was a young man there named Mul
len. He was only 24 years old, and when
I came to the hospital he was strong
enough to be on his teet rnoEt of the day,
run errands and go outside in the sun.
After his lirst injection of the lymph he
took to his bed and went raving mad in
the high fevers that he had. One day in
his fever he assaulted the pantryman, who
was his best friend, and force had to be
used to hold him down. After a while,
when he came out of his fever, he apolo
gized to the pantryman and declared be
did not know what he had done. His tem
perature was usually as high as 105 and 106
degrees. Mullen grew weaker and weaker
until he hnally died.
"There was another strong young fellow
there named Mulcnhy. He has a brother
in the County Clerk s office — or had until
he died. He was at tirst quite strong, and
used to go out sometimes and smoke cigars
in the sun. He failed rapidly under" the
lymph injections. His cheeks were sunk
en and he oould eat nothing, and his tem
perature went up to 106.
"Patrick Harrington was another of the
patients. He was one of the pioneers and
a well-known man here in his day. The
lymph injection affected him so badly that
he asked to be allowed to leave the hospi
tal, but they would not permit him to go
out. Twice he tried to escape, but they
caught him and brought him back and
made him take more of the lymph. Finally
he succeeded in getting away from the
place, and had at least the poor satisfac
tion of dying outside in peace, and out of
the reach of his tormentors.
"I might goon and mention all the seven
patients who took the lymph. Only myself
and one or two others are still alive, and
that only because we did not permit them
to keep up the treatment on us. It's a
miserable failure. 1 can say that from per
sonal experience as well as from personal
observation, and I think it is a shame that
any physician should be allowed to experi
ment with human beings to such an ex
tent as that practiced by Dr. Hirshfelder.
I have no personal interest in the matter
any more, for at last I have escaped all that
and can at least die in peace. But I can
prove every word 1 have said, as there were
alexity of eyewitnesses to it ail.
PARDINI IN COURT.
The First of the Infamous Company
From North Beach to Be Keg-u
--larly Tried.
Eugene Pardini, one of the infamous
I company from the North Beach district,
whose crimes were recently the sensation
| of this City, has led the way to trial in the
Superior Court. He was the first to come
] up for regular trial, and his case was called
before Judge Wallace yesterday. There
| are two charges of attempted assault
against him.
There was less trouble in securing a jury
than was expect-d, the only characteristic
; which .seemed to be objected to being a
j membership in the Civic Federation°or
I any organization for municipal reform:
such jurors were not desired by the de
i lense. The following; were found to be
qualified and accepted: James W. Kerr
Thomas A. McCornrck, J. P. Barman]
| John H. Munster, Elken Wasserman J-'
|D. Fell, Thomas Richardson, Philip
Fabian, C. M. Smith, George Leonard, A.
Dunbar and Jabez Howes.
The principal witness against Pardini,
Minnie Eagan, was the first to testify.
Before was questioned the jurors
wanted the Judge to clear the courtroom
and try the case behind closed doors, but
the statutory right of an accused to have
a public trial intervened and the people
were allowed to stay. She is only 12 years
old, frank and intelligent, and without
any embarrassment she sat for threo
hours answering the questions of the
lawyers and the focus of 200 pairs of eyes.
Tl'ere were no women in the courtroom.
The child's story has been told, and her
evidence was i>ut a repetition of the testi
mony taken in the Police Oout. L. C.
Pistoiesi, who represents Pardini. went to
most minute and trivial details in order
to "test the credibility of the witness,"
but the child's story was not broken
Following her upon the stand came
Louise Olliver, the 15-year-old girl who
led her young companions into the
Clutches of such men as Pardini, Lane and
Ratz. She did not hesitate to tell her
story, however, or to incriminate herself,
and its effect was to corroborate the evi
dence first given. Her cross-examination
will continue to-day.
Emma Marehand and Lillie Bredhoff,
two of the witnesses against Peter T. Lane,
a prominent rigure in the North Beach
scandal?, have been placed in custody,
with bonds fixed at $5000 each. The
Assistant District Attorney announced to
Judge Belcher yesterday that he had
heard there was an intention of Kitting
tire girls onto! the way of the courts, in
order to prevent them from testifying, and
in view of that fact he wanted them de
tained. The order was made as prayed for.
The six little girls for whose guardian
ship the Youth's Directory petitioned
have been placed in the care of that insti
tution.
A CLEVER SWINDLER.
He Obtained a Montli'B Kent by Forging
a Receipt.
The police are searching for a clever
young swindler who managed to obtain
.f To from the housekeeper of Mrs. Chris
man, : j )l,"> Mason street, by representing
himself as the son of T. P. Riordan, the
real estate agent on Market street.
About a week ago Mrs. Chrisrnan went
north on a visit, leaving instructions with
her housekeeper to pay her month's rent
of $70 when JMr. Riordan called ior it.
The day after Mrs. Chrisman's departure
a voting man called at the house and pre
?eiited a biU for the rent. He said he was
Mr. Rioraan's son, and as the bill was cor
rect the housekeeper paid it and took a
receipt.
Two days later Mr. Riordan called for
the rent, and on being shown the receipt
he pronounced it a forgery and said he had
not authorized his son or any other person
to collect the rent. The police are of the
opinion that the swindler was familiar
with the affairs of Mr. Riordan's office,
and as Mrs. Chrisman's housekeeper was
able to give a good description of him it is
expected that he will soon be under arrest.
NEW TO-DAT.
Sole Agents for ths Maggioni Kid Gloves.
EMBROIDERIES!
EMBROIDERIES!!
EMBROIDERIES!!!
Are what we are going to
I talk about
| THIS WEEK,
I and we won't have to say
i much, but just ask you to
I call and inspect the
I largest invoice of Em-
j broideries that we have
U ever shown.
THOUSANDS OF'
SEW PATTERNS
That surpass in Style, Qual-
ity and Elegance of Design
anything evershown in pre-
vious seasons. They com-
prise:
H EDGINGS,
! INSERTINGS,
[ ALL-OVERS,
5 FLOUNCINGS,
I DEMI-FLOUNCINGS
I AND SKIRTINGS,
INSERTINGS,
ALL-OVERS,
FLOUNCINGS,
DEMI-FLOUNCINGS
AND SKIRTINGS,
: in
! CAMBRIC,
I NAINSOOK,
I INDIA LINEN AND
SWISS,
All of which we are offer-
ing at the
LOWEST PRICES.
You can verify this state-
ment in a moment when
you call at our Embroi-
dery Counter and see the
great values that are being
shown.
MAIL ORDERS receive
our prompt and careful
attention.
Samples of Embroideries
mailed free upon appli-
cation.
bmiTTeisoii,
135, 127, 120, 131 Kearny Street
BRANCH STORE-742 and 744 Market
Street.
CATARRH
LOCAL DISEASE fSt^jjTASrc
and is ths result of colds Hf*3j& A ClScTcblol
and sudden climatic W^ •*s f*^l
It can be cured by a pleasant fROFEVrif "M? £ A
It can be cured by a pleasant at^ 1 •-•*•#» & A
remedy which is applied .ii- PjM. «/<§&J&.
rectly Into the nostrils. I'»«>-'KX > <^Pjfffi
ins qu Oily absorbed 1: gives 'ttfys-r*^ ' J&jm
relief «i once. cftoft
' ELY'S CREAM BALM I V*<o%3k
Is acknowledged to be the most thorough cure for
>.a3al Catarrh, Cod In Head ana Hay fever of all
remedies. It open* and cleanses Ui# nasal pawnees
allays pain and inflamnmion, heals the sores, -urn-'
t^cts the membrane from colds, restores the <«>[>«*■
mail 8 ' 6 * ud SmelL PriCe 50 °- « DnjgsUts or by
KIJY BROTHERS, 56 Warren street, yew York
|£ ""PATENTS^ f}
MARKET ST-SJCSbi^TO BIG THE
EAST NEARER
Importance of the Tehuante
pec Route to San
Francisco.
MEXICO'S BIG RAILWAY.
A Transcontinental Line That
Should Be Controlled by
Californians.
PRESIDENT DIAZ IS WILLING,
Shortening the Route to New Orleans
by Over One Thousand Miles.
Nearly Completed.
Since the day that Marco Polo of Venice,
in the thirteenth century, recited for
tho first time to the astonished people of
Europe his wonderful narratives of the
then unknown empires of China and
Japan, theexisience of which was not even
suspected by Europeans, an easy route to
the Far East has beer, diligently sought by
tho Western nations. Columbufe, as is
well known, when he discovered America
was searching for that route, and believed
up to the day of his death tl)at he liad
landed in some of tire adjoining lands of
the Indies.
"When, through the discoveries and ex
plorations of the Spaniards.it was found
that the American continent was an im
mense wall which extended nearly from
vole to pole, and presented an impassable
barrier to navigation from the jrreat Kast,
:i)fy, century after century, planned and
vrojected means to pierce such obstruc
tion in order to have free navigation to
Japan, China and the Kast Indies.
Four xontes were at different times ad
vocated b\ the Spaniards — Darien, Pan
ama, Nicaragua and Tehuantepec. The
latter has the most favorable geographical
position, being nearest to the line that
joins the greatest commercial centers of
the world.
»AP SHOWING ADJACENT COUNTRY TO TI-Hl ANTEPEC, WIIH PROPOSED RAILKOA]
Cortes is supposed to have visited
Tehuantepec as early as 15M to cnarter an
expedition winch, sailing on the South
Seas, would try to discover the great
island of Spices. It is sure, however, that
during his government of New Spain he
•oiicited and obtained from Charles V a
large concession for the purpose ol opening
a ship canal through Tehuantepec. Ever
since the time of Cortes the importance of
easy communication through Tehuante
pec has been acknowledged. The Govern
ment of Spain had surveys made and a
canal would undoubtedly have been built
had she not engaged in wars with nearly
every country in the world.
As soon as Mexico obtained its inde
pendence the old project of a canal
through Tehuantepec was again revived
and many concessions for that purpose,
and later on for that of building a rail
road, were given at different times to
some of her own citizens or citizens of
other countries.
After the Mexican War the United States
endeavored to acquire the territory of the
isthmus of Tehuantepec. President Bu
chanan, then Secretary uf State, instructed
Commissioner Nicholas I. Trist to offer
any sum up to $15,000,000 for the right of
passage and transit across Teimantepec.
The offer was rejected, however, by the
Mexican Government, as it feared it might
jeopardize the independence of Mexico.
It is gratifying to note that the feelings
between the two nations have changed
entirely since then, and the Mexican Gov
ernment is ready to enter into any treaties
that may promote the prosperity of both
republics.
Ever since the Mexican War concessions
have been given and companies have been
nryainzed to build ways of communication
between the two oceans through Tehuan
tepec The United Suites has sent three
scientific commissions: to survey and report
on the feasibility and advisability of a
railway across Tehuantenec— the first un
der the late General Barnard, United
States engineers, in 1850; the second in
18,0-71, under Commodore Shufeldt, and
the last one in 1895. Every commission
has reported favorably on Tehuantepeq as
the best route to communicate the Pacific
and the Atlantic coasts.
It is yet fresh in the memory of the read
ing public, the project of Captain James
B. Eads ior a ship railway across Tehnan
tepec. Of the routes possible he selected
Tehuantepec as the most favorable. His
geniu9 in devising original undertakings
and his success in carrying them out en
title his preference to consideration.
After so many companies had attempted
the construction of a railway through
Tehuantepec and had failed to carry the
projects out, the Mexican Government,
convinced of the necessity of that means of
communication, in I*B2 bought all the
rights and inte-ests of the last company
for about $1,000,000, and undertook the
work on the national account.
In 1882 the Mexican Government nego
tiated a loan of £2,700,000 sterling in
London, Berlin and Amsterdam for the
purpose of building the Tehuautepec Rail
road. In ISM a contract was given to Ed
McMurdoto build 22t> kilometers of new
road ana repair 108 kilometers already
built, but in a bad condition. McMurdo
transferred his contract to Salvador Malo.
who lost the contract, having failed to
carry out the stimulations. At this June-
MAP SHOWING COMPARATIVE DISTANCES BETWEEN CERTAIN
GREAT CITIES VIA TEHUANTEPEC AND PANAMA.
Distance from San Francisco to New Orleans by Panama 5412 miles.
Distance from San Francisco to New Orleans by Tehuantepec 3576 miles.
Distance from San Francisco to New York by Panama 6057 miles.
Distance from San Francisco to New York by Tehuantepec 4905 miles.
Distance from San Francisco to Liverpool by Panama 9154 miles.
Distance from San Francisco to Liverpool by Tehuantepec 8267 miles.
Distance lrom San Francisco to Liverpool by Cape Horn 15.620 miles.
ture Messrs. Stanhope, Thompson «fc
Corthell were put in charge of the work,
hut in IST,'} the money of the loan was ex
hausted and the road was not yet finished.
Subsequently the Government furnished
the necessary funds and the work was com
pleted in I*(M.
Though the railroad line is finished and
in operation, it can hardly be said that it
can De used for the commerce of the world.
On the Atlantic terminus the hirbor is
the mouth of the Coatzacoalcos River,
probably the finest harbor in North
America south of the United States, but
which, unfortunately, has a bar at the
entrance. Not the harbor is available for
vessels drawing less than fifteen feet, but
in a short time two piers or jetties will be
built to contract the flow of the river at its
mouth and effect the scouring of the river,
when the tide is exnected to keen the
channel clear for a depth of twenty-five
feet. The success attained with similar
works at the mouth of the Mississippi
River and in the harbor of Tampico justi
fies the expectation.
The Tehuantepec Railway, when finally
; completed, will be one susceptible of being
1 operated very economically. The total
' length of the railway line is 189 miles. Tne
highest point is about 800 feet above the
two terminal points. That makes the
: grades very small, in no place exceeding
2 per o nt. The approaches, when the im
: provements in the harbors are completed,
j will be very convenient, and the berths for
! all kinds of vessels am pie and commodious.
At the c.astern end the great river of
Coatzacoalcos affords one of the best har
bors known, and can be navigated to a dis
tance of over sixteen miles above its
, mouth. The bar already mentioned is
I composed of clay, covered with a top of
• sand, and its removal will not be difficult.
i At the western end the harbor of Salina
Cruz is used, and is proteoted from north
and northwest winds, but exposed to those
from the south and southeast. An iron
pier is used for a landing at present.
There are two large lakes adjoining the
ocean, with connection to it, and with the
construction of jetties it could be made the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
finest harbor on the Pacific south of our
bay. This was the project, of Captain Eada
for his ship railway. The tides on the
north terminus on the Atlantic Bide are
only two feet, and at the south end or at
Salina Cruz six feet.
We see from the above that there is a
railway available, completed and in opera
tion, over 1200 miles nearer to San Fran
cisco than the Panama Bailroad. Such a
line, it seems, ought to be owned or con
trolled by the people of the Pacific Coast,
and especially of Han Francisco. Let us
consider the reasons:
Our ideographical position, in one re
spect, is most excellent, fronting as we do
the great Pacific Ocean and the countries
of the preat East, with the best harbor on
this side of the continent of America.
But, on the other hand, the advantages
above mentioned are neutralized on ac
count of our great sailing distance from
the eastern part of our own country and
fro n Euroj c. The completion of the Pa-
cine railroads, though beneficial in many
respects, on account of almost insuperable
chains of mountains that they have to
cross and the lack of competition docs not
meet the need of cheap transportation so
essential to the development of new coun
tries like our California. For many years
the main source of our wealth nirtst be
agriculture, and the growth of our popula
tion, by natural increase and by immigra
tion, must be in proportion to the success
of those devoted to it.
It is well known that the opening of the
new lands of India, and principally of tne
Argentine Republic, have made the price
of wheat so k>w that our farmers cannot
cultivate it profitably. From the great val
ley of the La Plata and Parana rivers wheat
can be transported from the field to Liver
pool for less than what it costs to transport
it from places in California to San Fran
cisco. But even when it arrives in San
Francisco, owing to the great distance to
the markets of Europe, one-half of its value
goes for freights, insurance and commis
sion?. What is said of cereals applies to
the other products of the soil.
Of courae the great remedy would be the
PUBLIC SQUARE, TEHIAMIPEC, MEXICO.
construction of the Panama and Nicaragua
canals. But the time when California will
derive benefit from those great works is
unfortunately very far. The I'anatna canal,
which was supposed to be constructed in
ten years' time and at an expense of $120,
--000,000, has been in course of construction
over the allotted time and has cost more
than twice the estimated amount, though
only one-third of the work is done. That
it will be finished the perseverance and
enterprise of the French people guarantee,
but the time it will take will be exceed
ingly long. The enormous cost of the
canal will cause the charges to be very
high. |
The Nicaragua canal could, in all prob- j
ability, be built for a great deal less than
that of Panama, but judging from the
apathy of our people in the matter it is to
be feared that the time when it will be
constructed is also very remote.
But our needs are imperative and can
not wait. One by one articles of foreign j
trade are taken away from us; tea, silk
and rice from the East have been diverted
from our shore?, the coffee from Guate
mala cues to places in our vicinity, via
Atlantic ports. The exportation of wheat
has greatly diminished, and in this way
all the other products. As a distributing
point San Francisco reaches a greatly ;
diminishing ana and the circle of cities
where we send our wares grows narrower
every year. The commercial importance
of California depends «n Ban Irancisco :
and that of this city in its great bay. It is
now nearly useless to us, and will so re
main until the sea freights and T^ort
charges be considerably reduced.
The only remedy at present lies in the
control of the Tehuantepec Railroad i>v
the citizens of this City, and they ought to
strive to obtain it at any cost.
It would make the distance from San
Francisco to New Orleans by sea only
X>7'i miles, a saving over Panama of 1836
miles, or 3072 miles for the round trip.
Once at New Orleans the vessels could '
ascend the great Mississippi and distribute
our products to the largest Territories in
our Republic
Another advantage of the Tehuantepec
route over that of Panama is that the lat
ter is in the region of the •"doldrums," or
calms, and not available for sailing ves
sels, whfreas the route by way of Tehuan
tepuc: coald be used by all kinds of craft.
Considering the short time that wheat
would have to be stored in vessels if the
Tehuaniepec route was taken, by means of
elevators, it could be shipped in hulk
instead of sacks, and the distance from
San Francisco to Liverpool, via Tehuan
tepec, would be only 82G7 miles, a saving
for a round trip of over 15,000 miles over
the Cape Horn voyage. 1 here is abundant
water-power at all points across the
isthmus of Tehuantepec, and grain eleva
tors could be operated at a minimum cost.
But this is not all.
The Tehuantepec Railroad is the only
tnteroceanic roau in Mexico, and the com- I
pletion of the gap from Oaxaca to Tehuan- i
tepee will connect it with all the system
of Mexican railways. It will then be the
great distributor for that country, and
considering that the adjacent country to
Tehtiantepec is very rich in coffee, su>:ar,
rubber and many other equally valuable
products it will be the means of "exportinc
them. San Francisco controlling that road
could regain a great deal of her departed
importance.
Some years ago the Mayor of our City, the
Board of Trade and the Chamber of Com
merce memorialized President Diaz of
Mexico not to allow the Tehauntepec Kail
road to fall into the hands of corporations
considered inimical to the interests of this '
Coast The best way to prevent that is to
secure it by our own citizens. That Gen
eral Diaz was in favor of such an arrange
ment the writer of this article knows from
the President of Mexico himself.
K. J. Moi.KK.v, Civil Engineer.
The French law allows prisoners whoso
parents are dying to pay one visit to them
when on their deathbeds.
SUTRO APPEALS
TO THE PEOPLE
His Circular Letter to the
Officials of Ken
tucky.
SOME PERTINENT FACTS.
The Proposed Refunding Bill Is
Now Declared to Be a
Farce.
TAKEN FROM OFFICIAL REPORTS
Railroad Revenues Will Fall Far
Short of Meeting Increased
Liabilities.
r
Mayor Sutro has not only appealed to
the Governor and Legislature of Kentucky
to repeal the ac: that granted the Southern
Pacific Company the original charter, but
has called upon the people of the States of
Oregon, Nevada, Texas, Louisiana and
Utah, and tne Territories of Arizona and
New Mexico, to join in the prayer to the
authorities of the Blue Grass State for
support in the Tight against what he
terms the "monster octopus."
The appeal to the Kentuckians, bound in
a neat pamphlet and with the title, "The
People of Kentucky disgraced," printed on
the cover, was made public yesterday,
though it was distributed among the State
officials and newspapers of Kentucky sev
eral days ago. :'?V
The arguments set forth are as follows:
On the 17th day of March, 1884, C. P. Hunt
ington procured your Legislature to grant to
Henry 1). Mellenny, William G. Duncan, Sam- j
•uel K. Hill, Samuel Cox, Henry ilcHenny Jr.
and their associates, successors* and assigns, a
charter incorporating the Southern Pacific
Company of Kentucky with a capital stock of
$1,000,000, to have perpetual succession, with
power to purchase, grant, sell, receive in trust
or otherwise, all kinds of personal and real
property to such amount as the directors of
said company may from time to time deter
mine, * * • and generally to do and cxc- I
cute all acts, matters and things which may be i
deemed necessary to carry into effect the pow- ;
ers and privileges herein granted, provided,
however, that said corporation shall not have
power to make joint stock with, lease, own or \
operate any railroad within the State of Ken
tucky.
By the second section of said charter the said
corporation was, notwithstanding said proviso,
given power to construct, establish, acquire, J
own, equip, lease, maintain and operate rail
roads, telegraph and steamship lines, or any i
public or private improvements, or any appur
tenances thereof in any State or Territory of
the United States, or in any foreign country,
with other and further powers.
By the third section of said charter the capi
tal stock of said corporation was fixed at
1,000,000, divided into shares of $100 each, j
and declaring that "no person shall be in any
wise liable as a stockholder of said corporation
after said capital stock shall have been paid in
cash."
By section 6 of said charter it is provided
that "the capital Mock of said corporation |
may be increased from time to time to such
sum as may be determined by the board of
directors of said corporation, provided such
increase or diminution shall be approved by at
least two-thirds in interest of the stockholders
of said corporation." And in said section <5 it
whs further provided that "meetings of di
rectors or stockholders may be held within or
without the State."
Hefore said 17th of March. 1884, the said
C. V. Huntington, who was the active man in
obtaining said charter, which in law is a
fraud upon its face, and Leland Stanford,
Mark Hopkins and his estate, and Charles
Crocker had been for more than twenty years
engaged to constructing, owning and operat
ing railroads in our State of California and in
the States of Nevada, Oregon, T^xas and
Louisiana, and in the Territories of Utah,
Arizona and New Mexico.
And the ?aid C. P. Huntington and his above
named associates procured said charter from
the legislature of your State for tiie express
purpose of bringing said charter into our State
of California and here organizing the com
pany, and compelling all the railroad corpora*
tions, which they owned and controlled, in
the above named States and Territories to lease
Hit n- railroads to your legitimate child for
ninety-nine years, und thereby to defy, set at
naught, evade Hnd trample upon the* laws of
the State of California and the other States
and Territories named.
The said Huntington and his associates did,
for the purpose nnd to the end that they might
curry into effect their nefarious schemes, bring
said charter to our State, and aid set up said
corporation to rule over us and over our laws,
which they have now lor over ten years done
in such an outrageous manner thut we appeal
to you, people of Kentucky, to put the stamp
of your indignation upon It and crush it out of
existence.
And in support ol our appeal to you we give
you to be informed that no one of your citizens,
bo far as we know, ever had or how hastily
interest whatever in the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
And we further Rive you to be informed that
Huntington and his associates named above
tire and always have been und now are the real
stockholders, and that they and their agents
and servants are now and always hate beeu
the directors of said corporation, and that the
principal office of said company is here in Han
Francisco. That they have from time to time
increased the capital stock of said corporation
until it now amounts to the enormous sum of
$170,000,000, all of which, or nearly all of
which, they claim has been subscribed
and paid for by themselves. But how?
We give you to be further informed
that they paid' for said stock by transferring
stock held and owned by them in railroad
corporations owned by them, which railroad
stock so transferred to said corporation is not
worth the paper it is written upon, tor the rea
son that every one of said railroad corpora
tions has mortgaged its road and other works
and issued bonds secured by said mortgages
to an amount in value at par of the face of
said bonds, far exceeding the value of the
roads and other property mortgaged, which
roads and property, when sold under fore
closure proceedings, will not realize two
thirds of the amount of said bonds. Therefore
we teil, you that the bantling which your
Legislature inadvertently and without wrong
intention spawned upon us, has grown and de
veioped into a great octopus, holding to-day
in its eight tentacles five States and Territo
ries, excluding your own State, which gave
birth to the monster.
We <lo hereby respectfully and earnestly ap
peal to t lie people of Kentucky, to the LegKiii
ture of Kentucky and to the Governor of Ken
tucky to rid us of this horrible monster which
is devouring our substance and which is de
bauching our people, and by its devilish in
stincts and criminal methods is every day
more firmly grasping us in its deadly tenta
cles.
We respectfully appeal to the Legislature of
Kentucky to repeal the chaiter of the South
ern I'ai itk- Ooropaoy, namely : "An act to in
corporate the Southern Pacific Company, ap
proved March 17, 1884," and an act entitled,
"An act to amend 'an act to incorporate the
Southern I'acitic Company, approved March
17, 1884,' approved March 21, lSfiS."
We appeal, end we do hereby appeal to the
people of the States of Oregon, Nevada, Texas,
Louisiana and Utah, and the Territories of
Arizona and New Mexico to join us in laying
our common grievance before the people, the
Legislature and the Governor of Kentucky,
and praying them to repeal the charter of trie
Southern Pacific Company find thereby release
us from the deadly grasp of the nions'ier octo
pus. ADOL.PH SI'TRO,
President of the Committee of Fifty.
CANNOT PAY ITS DEBTS.
Attorney Roed Believes That the
Southern Pacific Company Is In
a Bad Financial Plight.
Charles W. Reed, the attorney for the
Civic Federation, is of the opinion that
leaving aside all considerations of moral
and lesral right the Centra! Pacific Com
pany is totally unable to meet ita liabili
ties. In the course of a conversation he
said :
Here we have a corporation debtor owing a
sum approximating $75,000,000, including
principal and interest, and without means, ac
cording; to its own statement, of meeting any
portion of this liability, Which -was oriftinally
incurred nboUt thirty years ago. Yet this cor
poration has the effrontery to come to its cred
itor, the Government of the United State*, and,
m the face of its notoriously fraudulent man
ner of operation during these three decades,
asks that creditor for an extension of time,
Jnthout indicating in any way how it was in
the future to provide for the obligations which
xt has persistently end successfully planned to
evade in the past.
The present indebtedness is 973,000,000 in
round numbers, though In reality Eometnins:
more. The interest on this for fifty years at 2
percent a year means just $75,000,000 more,
or an aggregate of $150,000,000 that must be
paid partly during and partly at the expiration
ottue fifty years.
It means that the Central Pacific Railroad
must reserve on an average every year for the
next half century $3,000,000 to" meet its obli
gations; that every month it must earn not
less than ¥250,000 over end above all its oper
ating expenses and fixed charges; that it must
make a net profit, in other words, of nearly
1000 a day for the next lifty years to come if
it really intended to meet the proposed new
obligations.
Now, let us admit that they are asking the
passage of this funding bill in good faith with
the intention of fulfilling its conditions. It is
fair to presume that they, will expect to pay
the Obligations of the Central Paciric Railroad
Company only from the earnings of that prov
erly. In the licht of the past this will prove
an impossibility. - •
The latest report of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company made public is that submitted
to the Railroad Commission of this State.
That was the annual report of operations end
ing with June 30, 180-1. This showed that the
net income for that year was $1,377,720 S3.
Out of this $672,755 was paid to stockholders
aslrercont dividend, leaving a net surplus
of $704,963 for that year to be applied to such
contingencies as, say, this funding bill, or
about $2,300,000 less than the necessary
amount.
Hut tvvn let them deprive their stockholders
of all dividends and use the entire net income
of 351,877,720 w s to meet the obligations of the
proposed funding bill, and they would still
fall sbort for that year.
| (Another thin<j to be considered, and one
that bears heavily against the possibility of
the corporation being al | the rtiuin
ments of the proposed extension, is that the
Southern Pacific Company, which leases tin*
Central Pacific Kailroad, lias claimed that the
annual rental 0t$l,36O;OOO paid that road has
been a source of loss to the lessee. And it is
generally understood tiint this rental was a
year ago reduced, bo that the net income of the
Central Pacific Railroad is undoubtedly less
to-day than it was in 189-1.
Jt mit»ht be thought by some that they
would resort to an increase of rates; bat that
would prove futile and even disastrous, for in
stead of augmenting the road's income it
would tend to divert trailic to other less favor
ably situated competitors.
"But rates might bo advanced simultane
ously by ail the transcontinental lines, as was
done recently," I can hear some one ;-ay. Yes,
but any advance sufficient to provide the net
i surplus of $3,000,000 per annum would be im-
I practicable with the Panama Railroad Com
pany in the field as an independent and active
competitor for through business.
Admitting though that even the Panama
people could be induced to serve the Dnrpose
of tne central Pacific Railroad, it is held in
checlc by the always present danger of a com
peting line of steamers or clipper-ships via
Cape Horn. And this is the key to the whole
situation. So long as the ocean highway re
mains it will effectually prevent auy extor
tionate measures being Inflicted on the ship
pers of the country for any length of time.
All that I have said assumes that C. I. Hur.t
ington would be willing to luiild up the inter
ests of the Central Pacific P.ailroad nt the ex
pense of his own pet property, the Sunset
| route. It also assumes that the people of the
chain Of States between here and the Atlantic'
would permit the other transcontinental lines
i to advance rates to a point that woaid meati
ruin t" the farmers and the manufacturers.
And another presumption, equally as wild
as these other two, is that the Interstate Com
merce Commission would permit the railroads
to charge such necessarily extortionate rates-
Nor would the State Kailroad Commission ul
j low the local rates to be placed so high as to
be unreasonable. lam aware that the power
of the State Railroad Commission is in
! tion now before one of the Federal courts, but
the action that brought on the present legal
controversy was the attempt to reduc
by the commission, a vastly different pr iposi
i tion irom one in which it would be atl
I to restrain the rail road fnnii advancing rates.
, Unless the commission isd clared tobeuncon
; stitutional in Its very existence, there is no
i question but it has the right to prevent un
: reasonable rales being put into force. The
; railroad company cannot pay its debts and the
morrgage should be foreclosed by the <iovern
ment.
ELECTRIC CARS COLLIDE
Serious Accident to Passengers
Coming From the Ingle
side Track.
Thomas Glover, a Jcckey, and at
Least Five Others More or
Less Injured.
Two electric cars of the Ingieside divi
sion of the Mission-stre°t line collided
last evening, and it was by the merest
chance that several lives were not lost. At
least half a dozen passengers were more or
less injured.
Car 1040 had left the Ingleside track
filled with passengers, and was almost im
mediately followed by car 10'!0 v.'ith about
thirty passengers on board.
The passengers on car 1040 were leaving
the car near Twenty-ninth street, opposite
the power-house, shortly before <J o'clock,
When car 1060 dashed into it with suffi
cient force to shatter the glass in both cars
and do other damage.
The passengers on the front dummy of
car 10(50, six in number, fared worse than
any of the others. Thomas GloV-er, a
jockey who lives at. the Bay District track,
was thrown violently from his scat by the
shock and fell in the mud. His left "ankle
and the botres of his left foot were
broken by the fall, his Kr.ee was skinned
and there were wounds on his forehead
and scalp. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital in the patrol wagon,
where his injuries were attended to, and
to-day, at his request, he will be removed
to the French Hospital.
Henry Martin, a young man living at
18% Benton avenue, on Bernal Heights,
had his hands badly cut by broken glass,
and was sent to his home in a hack pro
vided by the railroad people. Four other
passengers on the front dummy, whose
names could not be ascertained last night,
were also cut about the hands and face
and sent to their homes in backs. The
railroad people refused to give their names
or any information about the accident.
According to Jockey Glover, the motor
man of car 10G0 failed to shut, off the elec
tric current at the proper time and lost
control of ihe lever. Another report was
that while the conductor wn? in the for
ward part of the car one of the passengers
on the rear dummy loosened the brakes,
which wns the cause of the motormun los
ing his head.
At the Buda-Pesth millennial exhibition
next year there will ue anot'ier steel tower
like the Eiffel tower, but l(i'2f) feet high, in
stead of 975.
NEW TO-DAY.
Fan Never! Fan
WONDER Cough Cure - - - 25c
NEVER FAILS.
WONDER Toothache Drops - 25c
NEVE X F AIL.
WONDER Corn Cure - - - - 25c
NEVER FAILS.
Sarsaparllla, 6Dc and 65c; Plasters, 10c up;
Face Powderd at Reduced Prices. .Syringes an 1
Hot-Water {Joules, 60c up. Sole Agents for Dr.
Charcot's Nerve rills, $1 a box; 6 tor ? 5. jj:iii
orders promptly attended to.
TEE WONiIIUGSTOEE
FLETCHER & CO.,
1028 Market Street.
NEW TO-DAT.
REMEDIES CUBE.
Munyon's Improved Homeopathic Reme-
dies Are as Far in Advance of the
Kegular School of Homeopathy us
Homeopathy Is 'Above All Other
Schools— They Combine All That Is
Best in All Systems.
With 3lunyon's'Remedies Kvery One Can
Become His Own Doctor— Experi-
menting No Guessvrork — No rurjin
— No Nauseous Doses— The Cure Is
Certain, Quick stud Permanent — 3lun-
yon's System Is to Stolid Up, Not to
Tear Down ; to Strengthen, Not to
"Weaken.
If You Are Sick Cast Aside .All Other
Medicines, Bury Prejudice for a Few
Days, Step Into the Nearest Drug-
store, Ask for Munyon's Guide to
Health, Purchase ■ SB-Gent Vial of
One of Munyon's Remedies and Cure
Yourself.
Itheumatism Cured.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of the
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, stiff back and all pains in hips and
loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lum-
bago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. Price 25c.
Stomach and Dyspepsia Care.
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles, such as rising of food, distress
after eating, shortness of breath and all
affections of the Heart caused dv indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, baa taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness of the stomach, headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
of the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless
and sleepless nights, pains in the head and
dizziness. It cures general debility, stim-
ulates and strengthens the nerves and tones
up the whole body. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in the
back, loins or groins from kidney disease,
dropsy of the feet and limbs, frequent de-
sire to pass water, dark colored or turbid
urine, sediment in the urine and diabetes.
Price 25c.
Catarrh Cure.
Catarrh positively cured Are you will-
ing to spend 50 cents for a cure that posi-
tively cures catarrh by removing the cause
of the disease? If so, ask your druggist
for a 25-cent bottle of Munyon's Catarrh
Cure and a "Jo-cent bottle of Catarrh Tab-
lets. The catarrh cure will eradicate the
disease from the system and the tablets
will cleanse and heal the afflicted parts and
restore them to a natural and healthful
condition.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneu-
monia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women. Price "Joe.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Asthma
Herbs relieve asthma in three minutes and
cure In a few days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weark and debilitated
men. Price $1.
The Munyon Remedies are absolutely
harmless and contain positive cures for
the most obstinate diseases. A separate
specific for each disease. Sold by all drug-
gists, mostly at 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
FA/I.
7
San Francisco's leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
IO diseases of the h»ad, tlrroat, lunss, heart. BtOm-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder ami urinary organs, rnptnre, piles,
varicocele, hydrocel«» find swelling of the elands.
.Loss or partial loss of s&tfnal never In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bustifulness. failing memory nod all the ciistress-
iuK ills resulting from neivoua debility positively
iin 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if li\in,' away from the
city ami advice will be ?iven you free of charge.
'Address F. L. S\VKA-\Y, M.D.,
737 -Market St. (opposite Examiner Otllce),
ijan Francisco, (';.!.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folsora Street, anil 300 to
400 'Howard Street, from
Fremont to Bcale.
I have on hand a large quantity of S. F. Gas-
light Co.'s and JTi'-iiiii- Gas Improvement Co.'s
COKe, which 1 am selling at a very lon- rate. This
Coke is suitable for lirates, Furnaces, Luundrv ana
Family me.
I am aiso a. direct Importer of the best Kn^lish
and Belgian brands of i'atent Coke, which I am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining Companies an I the trade In lots from 1
ton to 1000 tons.
Counrry orders solicited. City orders delivered
with promptness.
will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 25 years in the
business.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
STORRS'
ASTHMA REMEDY,
CUBES ASTHMA. Stops the severest paroxysms
in o.\k Mixrii:. 10c, l!sc and 50c sizes. All
druggists have it, or any size will be mailed on
receipt of price to
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY ,
SW. Cor. Larkin and Turk Sts., S. F.
'HUfiUC Vnil Wore Tiiroat, Fimples, Copper*3|
&P.& IUU Colored Spot's, Aches, Old Boreslga
laCUicorß In Month, H&ir-l'allliiff! IVriio COOiiß|
S^EMErsi' CO., SO7 Ittcionlc TempleJJl
il'jjOlilcaiTO, 111., for proofs of cares. CupljH
-SRtal. fJ.100.000. Worst cases cured In lSfm
«HoSsda;i. IQO-pago booK free. jjl
910
WITTLAND WAS
A BETTING MAN
The Grangers' Bank Teller
"Plunged" at the
Races.
HIS DARING OPERATIONS
Took Gold Coin From Trays and
Made No Entry of Many
Deposits.
ANOTHER SKELETON UNVEILED
Frank McMullin, Ex-Teller, Got
$22,000 From the Bank on
Worthless Securities.
The defalcation in the Grangers' Bank,
as announced exclusively in The Call
yesterday, came as a genuine surprise to
commercial circles and more than as ton
ished farmers throughout California and
the defaulter's closest friends. In every
pari icular 1 he Caxi 's account of the short
age was found upon inquiry at the bank to
have been correct. William Wittland, re
ceiving teller of the bank, had n bsconded
with $12,000 belonging to the institution,
rind there was no telling where the dis
cn pancies in bis books might end, since
the country passbooks with the bank had
not yel been compared with the ledgers,
■ was through skillful manipulation
of passbooks that Wittland stole at least
$12,000.
But there was still another skeleton in
the closet of the Grangers' Bank, which,
while not so startling a* the Wittland de
falcation, meant the los« of in gold
coin to the banking-house.
So far this represents in connection with
the teller's deficiency about $29,000 lost to
the Grangers. Thisof course is up to date,
with the many interior customers yet to be
beard I
Frank McMullin was paying teller of
the Grangers' BanK until three years ago,
having filled that position for many years
with entire satisfaction to the manage
ment and at the same time as a respected
ofliciai in the eyes of the directors. There
was nothing criminal in his transactions
with the bank, but merely a succession of
unfortunate speculations to which the
gemant unwittingly lent itself until
I of theassets passed into McMullin's
han :-.
McMullin had property in the country
and using the friendship of Manager Mont
pellier succeeded in drawing money at
various times to the amount of $22,000.
He J'.ii a ranch in Santa Cruz County -
the 15'iena Vista vineyard— and hel<i 100
shares of stock in the Yolo Orchard Com
pany at Woodland; besides he owned a
of productive cactus land in the Mo
jave desert that never had any real value.
Upon these h^ borrowed the money.
Three years ago ne lett the' Lank and ever
since efforts have been made to collect on
his securities, but with Buch indifferent
success that only Uie Yolo Orchard Com
pany's shares have been found available.
■ are said to be worth about $6000, the
amount paid on them by McMullin.
The bank holds a mortgage on the
Buena Vista property, but it is a second
mortgage, and as the first one is now in
process oJ foreclosure little hope is left for
the Grangers' Bank money.
President La Rue oi the bank stated yes
terday that the Moiave desert land upon
which McMullin gave a mortgage that was
n- 1 c] ted by the manager was "no good."
The desert patch could not be sold lor a
only about $0000 is available,
leaving the loss from $15, : ., .$17,000
eh these dealings with the old teller.
With regard to Wittland, President La
ade a . ill statement, in which he
told now the absconding teller had got
away with nearly $12,000, possibly more.
"Wittland," said lie, ''worked the
scheme in different ways, but chiefly
the passbooks ami file-tags. In one in-
Btance, we found where he had taken a $20
piece from the top of each pile in a $10,0u0
tray. After the bank closed we counted
the rash, all except that tray. Then, ■when
1 went home I bp^an turning the matter
over in my mind until 1 determined to
have that tray counted and the others
examined carefully. I reasoned there
might have been dummies in these trays,
and started back at once to the hank. On
going over the trays I saw the piles of s2o
pieces were all right, but this particular
• >ne that had not been counted was short
$20 on each of the twenty-five piles, or (500
in all. There was $100 also taken from the
cash. The balance was stolen through
manipulating the passbooks.
"Wittland t.jo;< money over the counter
after entering it in customers' passbooks.
Instead of putting the com on the table
he dropped it into bis pocket. When a
depositor passed in money the amount
was entered in his passbook, and the re
ceiving-teller was supposed to put a tag
with the name and amount on the file.
Then the. bookkeeper took the tags from
the tile and credited them in the ledger.
In many cases there were no tags, so the
peculations could not have been detected.
if the customers had given in t.'.eir books
to be written up there would have been a
discovery, but AVittlanil was too careful to
let the passbooks get into other hands.
He wrote them up himself. To do this he
remained on duty all the time for six
months, during which period the stealing
was going on daily. He never took a holi
day, knowing that if he did take one his
crooked work would have been discovered
nt once.
•'ln one ca<-e we found where he had
taken $4000 at one time; and later on,
when the depositor came back, this money
was all refunded but about $1200. Proba
bly \N ittland made a winning on the races
:mhl tried to cover up his tracks in this in
stance. But he frequently chanced money
from one account to another to elude de
tection. We. believe that be cleaned up
most of tl.e money taken within six weeks
before the bank closed."
"Hot did he spend the money?"
"He played the races, and operated
through a poolroom downtown at the rate
of something like $100 a day. We don't
know if he had any accomplice in this
work, but he certainly found some means
of getting rid of large sums of money
th rough outsiders, because he was always
at his post during the day. We placed all
confidence in hin. ; he was a plain, home
mnn, who Dover seemed to spend money
ami did not dress above his means. His
salary wmsslSoa month, and, beside?, his
wife boarded students of the university in
bis home at Berkeley. Knowing all this,
we took him to be a shrewd, saving young
man."
Wittland used to visit the racecourse
Saturdays and -was known in the betting
ring as a plunger, usually going as high
as $s<X> or 98U0 on a horse! In this way he
parted company with an odd thousand or
so at the end of each week. Manager
I'ardee at the insurance company that
will pay $10,000 to the bank on Wittland's
bonds declared he knew nothing of the
matter, and claimed that the felony might
have been compromised had it not been
.made public and the farmers been in
formed of the true state of affairs in the
bank.
♦-
A NEW MANAGER.
August Muenter of Stockton In
stalled—A First Dividend of 3O
Par Cent Declared.
Mr. Montpellier, who had been manager
of the bank for years, withdrew yesterday
at noon and his place was taken by
August Muenter of Stockton, who will
have charge of the liquidation pro
ceedings.
The directors held a meeting yesterday
and resolved to pay 30 per cent of the en
tire indebtedness immediately, beginning
to-day. The bar.k will be kept open for
two hours daily for the payment of debts.
Other payments will be made as fast as
money can be collected from the varied se
curities. Meanwhile expenses have been
cut to the lowest possible figure.
"On the assets marked 'doubtful' we are
collecting very nicely," said Mr. La Hue,
'•and as for all other assets we expect to
be able to collect easily without pressing
borrowers or injuring stockholders in any !
way.
"We have a lease on the bank premises i
for a year at $500 a month, and are trying to- 1
leasethc offices to an insurance company, |
our desire being to move into a small i
office with low rent until the business shall i
have been wound up.
OCCIDENTAL KINDERGARTEN.
Annual Meeting of the Association and
ISleetion of Officers.
The annual meeting of the managers of
the Occidental Kindergarten Association
was held Monday, January 13, at the
rooms of the Young Women's Christian
Association. A review of the year's work
ATTORNEY WOOD ADDRESSING THE SI PR EM E COURT ON THE HAI.E & NORCROSS APPEAL. ALVINZA HAY
WARD IS REPRESENTED IN THE EXTREME RIGHT FOREGROUND, HIS ARM RESTING ON THE TABLE.
Sketched by a "Call" staff artist.}
s:.ows an enrollment of 102 children and an
expenditure of $1650. The managers are
very grateful to their many friends and
the public for the substantial kindnesses
shown them and hope that the coming
year will see no diminution in the interest
in this noble charity. The following of
ficer* were elected for the ensuing year:
President, Mrs. Albert S. Lavinson; first
vice-president, Miss A. Bremer; second
vice-president, Miss .1. Blum; correspond
ing secretary, Elizabeth Emaouel; record
ing secretary, Miss Rose Stein hart; treas
urer, Miss X. Frapolli.
THE FLEMING LIBEL SUIT.
Preliminary Examination Com
menced Before Judge
Conlan.
Defendant Framed the Charges, but
Denied Giving Permission to
Publish Them.
The preliminary examination of James
B. Fleming, ex-superintendent of the
Public Pound, was commenced in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning. The
complaining witness is F. A. Osborn,
I'oundmaster, and the alleged libel was
contained in an article published in Tjie
Call on Decsmber 15 Jast.
When the case was called Attorney
Cabaniss, for the defendant, moved for a '
dismissal on the constitutional ground ;
that the Police Court had no jurisdiction:
to try cases of criminal libel where the I
punishment provided by law was more :
than a tine of SK.OO or imprisonment for a !
period of more than one year. He con- I
tended, therefore, that such cases were '
pla inly without the jurisdiction of the
Police Courts. The prosecution in cases :
of indictable misdemeanors, such as crimi
nal libel, must be founded either upon
i ndictment by the Grand Jury or by direct j
proceeding in the Superior Court, which,
he contended, had original jurisdiction.
The Judge was of the opinion that he
hp.d sufficient jurisdiction and ordered the '
examination to proceed.
The reporter who wrote the article for i
The Call testified that he simply pub- '
lished the alleged facts as he received :
them from the defendant. II« was in- j
formed at the time by the defendant that
he had prepared specific charges to be pre- '
sented to tho Grand Jury. The defendant j
permitted him to copy the charges and he !
was allowed to publish them after consult- '
ing Judge Partridge. ■..-.
The article furnished by the defendant j
to the reporter was introduced and the
prosecution rested.
Toe defendant in his testimony admitted i
framing the charges, but denied that he i
had given permission for their publication.
He said that the reporter" had promised
not to publish the story without first hay- I
ins; secured his permission, or until after j
the Grand Jury had concluded its in
vestigation. lie admitted giving the re
porter permission to copy the charges. - •
The case by consent was then continued
to Saturday.
♦- -♦ — ♦
See Yups Attack a Sam Tup.
Along Clay street, between Dtipont and
; Stockton, yesterday afternoon there was almost
i a general Chinatown riot. The trouble was
started by a See Yup who objected to another
j Chinese purchasing groceries of n Sara Yup.
i The Sain Yup'a patron been me a victim of the
i aggressive See Yap's pugilistic tendencies and
a mob of see Yup sympathisers soon appeared,
vacating that association* headquarters on
j the north west corner of Clay and Dupont
streets to Indulge their factionalism. I'oliee
; man Amos Williams promptly took the See
i Yup assailant into his custody, who gave the
! name ai the California-street Police station of
j Ah Wav, and his calling as that of a cook. The
; Sam Yup escaped up Clay street, quaking with
i terror us soon as he could get loose from his as-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 189*3.
HALE & NORCROSS DEBATE
Supreme Court Arguments on
the Appeal From Entry
of Judgment.
HEARING BEGUN YESTE&DAY.
Attorney Wood Presents the Case
for Alvinza Hayward — Mr.
Baggett's Reply.
The seven Supreme Court Justices tilted
and rocked in their high-backed chairs,
and the lawyers in the Hale & Xorcross
case talked on.
It was yesterday afternoon that the ap
peal from the entry of judgment was taken
up, and Attorney W. S. Wood made the
opening argument for Alvinza Hay ward
and other defendants against whom the
Supreme Court had ordered a judgment
for a little more than $210,000. J udge Heb
bard of the Superior Court had entered
judgment according to the instructions
handed down by the higher body, but the
defendant's attorneys found technical
grounds for an appeal from that Judge's
action, alleging that the judgment was
premature, raising questions of jurisdic-
i tion and asserting that the Supreme
I Court's instructions were not pioperly car
ried out.
Mr. Hayward was in the courtroom yes
terday, and he leaned forward at his cor
ner of the attorneys' table, listening at
tentively to every word that was said.
About thirty of the leading members of
the San Francisco bar were present.
Lawyer Wood areued for an hour that
the judgment already given was not final.
"It is claimed," he said, ''that this court,
a< a court of equity, works out reiief ac
cording to the circumstances of a case.
No distinction can be shown in California
between a case at equity and a case at law,
and this court cannot take such a position
without usurping the privilege of the
Legislature.
"We claim that thi3 is not a case of
equity, but strictly a case of law. There
are just two points in the litigation: that
too much wa? charged for the milling, and
that the ore was not properly milled,
''It is purely, simply and entirely a mat
ter of judgment; there are no equitable
considerations.
''The judgment was entered at a time
when the case was not determined, when
it had been untried, and the judgment is
not a final adjudication."
Attorney AY. T. Baggett, opposing the
appeal, said:
The questions presented by this appeal are:
i irst — I>id the court order and direct the
entry ol the judgment for the time and for the
amount for which it stands entered?
Second— lf so, hnd this court the power or
jurisdiction to make such order and direction? j
Discussing the lirst question, tim counsel for ,
appellant admits that this court aid order and
direct the entry of the judgment for the specific !
amount for which this judgment is entered,
l>nt did '-not direct the entry, immediately or I
otherwise, oi any separate judgment on "the !
issue a* to the milling charges aud a subse- j
quent trial of the other issues." They claim
that the notion of this court on the former af>- j
peal "simply fixes the amount of the recovery |
(on tnat isMie) to be incorporated ii. the final '
judgment in the cause to be entered after the 1
trial and determination of the other issues." j
So the question is narrowed to n eonsiaera- '
tion of whether, by the order nnd directions of
this court, the judgment should have been
entered at the time it was entered or, as appel
lnnts claim, 'incorporated in the final judg
ment in the cause after the trial and determi
nation of the other Issues."
The language is plain, unambiguous and In
telligible. The Buperior Court "is directed to
enter a judgment as of the date ol its former
judgment." Does not this indicate the date of
the judgment? If the judgment for this
$210,197 50 is to bear date of the former judg
ment, June 11,1892, it must be construed as
entered on that date. It it is by the orderof
this court y> be held as entered as of the date
of June 11 , 1892, is it not then a direction that
it should be actually entered upon the filing
of the remittitur as of the date of June 11.
1892?
How could the court enter judgment for
$210.197 50 asof the dale of June 11,1892,
and "incorporate the same in the final judg
ment in the cause to t:e entered after the trial
and determination of the. other issues," which
has not yet been done?
To incorporate such a judgment in the judg
ment to be rendered alter the trial and de
termination of the other issues would be
entering the judgment as of a date long subse
quent to the time directed by the court, and if
tne amount was "incorporated" in the judg
ment entered after the trial of the other issues,
it would be entering a judgment for a different
Mini from that directed by the court in the
event additional damages are found.
There can be no questiou in our minds as to
what this court intended. And after all the
power of this court to make such an order and
direction as it made on the former appeal is
the object of appellants' attack, disguise it as
they may. They wore displeased, of course,
wit n the judgment of this court.
They must have understood then, as they
claim to understand now, that a judgment had
been ordered to be entered lor $210,197 50 as
of the date of June 11. 1892, with interest fiom
thai date, and tney had thirty days In which
to tile their objections to the "judgment of the
court. They did tile their application for a re
hearing, but nowhere suggested the matters of
which the; complain.
The jurisdiction of this court is gone forever
as to the judgment entered on that hearing.
No objection to any error or want of jurisdic
tion can ever be interposed in any form or
manner to the full and complete execution of
that judgment according to its p4ain meaning.
Jlut t!iis court does possess ample power to
make such order and direction as was made in
tiiis case. It is broad enough to encompass
any judgment which in its opinion the facts
as found by the trial court indicate would meet
the ends of justice.
By the constitution and bythe statute this
court has been given ample power to direct
the entry of any judgment upon the hearing
of the appeal which, in its opinion, is Rppro- >
prlate to the ends of justice. Tnts power to
modify judgments so that the ends of litiga- j
tion mid, lit be reached and exact justice done i
has been often exercised by this court and can
no longer be questioned.
lint appellants say that they are making no
attack upon the judgment of this court, but
are questioning tne validity of the judgment j
of the lower court, and, while pretending to |
admit the right of this court to mak" any judg- j
ment it may see lit, they challenge the power
of the lower court to enter a judgment upon
one of the issues in a cause before disposing of
the remainder.
This, we say with such respect as we should
snow, is absurd, for they certainly know that
the judgment from which they have taken this
appeal is nothing more nor less than the judg
ment of this court if it has been entered as di
rected by this court. It is not the judgment of
a trial court in the sense and within themean
ing*of the several cases cited by counsel for re
spondents declaring that a trial court cannot |
enter separate judgments upon the several
issues made by the pleadings in a cause.
When this court has heard an appeal and has
determined for itseli what judgment the trial
court should have rendered , the judgment
that it orders to be entered is the judgment of
this court, whether it be a judgment 01 affirm
ance, reversal or modification. A judgment of
the Superior Court when modified by the order I
or direction of the Supreme Court is not a !
judgment of the Superior Court it modified as!
directed; it is to all intents and purposes the
Judgment of the Supreme Court, and an ap
peal from the entry of a modified judgment
would not be allowed, out for the possibility I
that the judgment entered is not in accord- i
ance with the directions of the appellate court.
If it be conceded, as counsel pretend to con- j
cede, that this court could order the entry of v
judgment upon one issue ami a further trial of i
other issues, and the judgment was entered as |
directed, their appeal is but an unwarranted j
attack upon the judgment of this court; it is \
an appeal to this court from its own judgment, i
clearly the appeal in this case is frivolous !
and vexatious and was taken for delay ; it Is a
flagrant souse of the privilege granted by the :
law in such cases and is a contempt ot this
court. It is, furthermore, apparently, an arro- I
gant defiance of the law and of the judgment
of this court. This court should In this and all !
similar cases assess heavy damages for the
purpose of punishing such' con tempts, discour-
Aging such appeals and indemnifying the re
spondent.
The court, after long and mature delibera
tion, unanimously decided that defendants
entered into a fraudulent conspiracy to de
fraud the stockholders of the Hale it Norcross
Mining Company, and that the facts found by
the trial court justified its judgment that the
company and its stockholders had been dam
aped through said fraudulent conspiracy, oh
one item alone, $210,197 50, »nd ordered that
amount to be entered in a judgment as of the
r". ate of the judgment of the trial court, June
11, L 892, with interest from that date.
The stockhoders had a right to expect the
immediate payment of this sum of money.
Their stock became worth in the market upon
the announcement by the court of last resort
about .*2 per share, But when this appeal was
perfected the stock fell from $2 to 85 cents,
and the company levied an assessment to meet
its expenses, thus entailing burdens and losses
on the stockholder?, and no doubt forcing
many to part with their holdings at the de
preciated prices.
This is an aggravated case and demands an
inilictien of heavy damages to meet its require
ments. The damages should be '25 per cent of
the judgment.
K. S. Pillsbury, who is associated with
Mr. Baggett, followed in a brief discourse.
He presented some of the points of law
bearing on the case, and pointed out the
difference between "a iinal judgment"
and "the iinal judgment," arguing that
the Supreme Court's judgment in this
case was "the final" one.
This forenoon the debate will bo resumed
by representatives of Hayward and Levy.
TO OUST STATELER.
The Strong Fi K ht Jieing Made by
Special Trustee John Chet
wood «Jr.
The fight Special Trustee John Chet
wood Jr. of the California National Bank
is making in the Federal courts to oust
Thomas K. Stateler from the position of
agent took a lively turn in the chambers
yesterday before Acting Circuit Judge
Morrow.
Attorney A. "W. Thompson for Chet
wood gave notice of an intended deposi
tion from I). F. Parker, secretary and
manager of the Standard Soap Company,
to throw some li^ht upon the disposition
of the 1020 shares of the bank's stock
which Soap King Thomas voted for
Statelerat the July <>, 1894, meeting. At
torney R. B. Mitchell for the other side
was up in arms in an instant.
The purpose of having Parker's deposi
tion introduced is to show that the 1020
shares of stock which at the Alameda
County insolvency proceedings were said
to have been transferred to D/fi. Dowling,
and which subsequently were alleged to
have been sold to Parker, had never been
purchased by Parker. In the light of such
evidence it would be made to appear that
Dowling made a false statement when he
swore he hart sold the stock to Parker.
Mr. Chetwood Is inclined to think that the
stock is now in Attorney Mitchell's pos
session.
For a while there was considerable
locking of horns by the combative law
yers, but finally the court ventured the
opinion that it" thought the evidence of
Parker should be admitted. It did not
make any such decision just then, how
ever, but postponed action in deference to
the attorney for Mr. Stateler.
The peculiar phase of the proceedings
just now before Judge Morrow is on the
question of federal jurisdiction. Mr.
Stateler's side contends that the court
does not have the power to enjoin him
from acting as the bank's agent. On the
other hand he has a counter suit in the
same equity court to have himself judici
ally declared its agent and the bank's
affairs wound up.
Fighting for Time.
The nool-sellers r.re all fighting for time in '
the Police Courts with the object of not having '
their cases heard till after the derision is given :
In the Superior Court on the Givens appeal
ease. Yesterday Attorney I<ennon, for Gilbert I
Blodes, asked and was granted a further con- i
tinuance till Saturday In Judge Joachiinsen's
court and Wiiliani Jarkman got a contin
uance tiil Monday after waiving a jury. In
Judge bow's court Thomas McQuade and M. i
Levy were granted continuances till Tuesday '
next..
GAME-DEALERS CHECKED
Fish Commissioners Will Arrest
Those Who Transgress
the Law.
STOCK IN COLD STORAGE.
A Large Consignment of Brown Trout
Eggs En Route From the
East.
Although the general game law gives
sportsmen the privilege of shooting small
game, such as wild ducks and quail, frcm
October 15 to February 15, it hampers the
dealers in game by shortening the season
for the sale of certain kinds of wild fowls.
Section (>'M of the game law reads:
Every cold-storage company, and every per
son keeping a cold-storage warehouse, tavern,
liotel, restaurant or eating-bouse, and every
innrkftm«tt or other pernuli who shall buy,
sell, expose or offer for sale in this State any
quail, bobwhite, partridge, grouse, dove or
wild duck, whether taken or lulled in the State
of California or Mapped into the State from
any other State, Territory or foreign country,
except between the 15th day ot November and
the 15lh day of January of the following year,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
This law practically cuts off a large slice
of tha revenue which in previous years
swelled the coffers of the game-dealers and
the men who shoot game for the markets.
The sportsmen, representing nearly
every county in this State, who met in
convention in this City, previous to the
meeting of the last Legislature and who
framed laws with a view to checking ttie
rapid extermination of game, concluded
that unless the market hunters were
restricted to a certain time in which to
follow a rather lazy and indolent occupa
tion, which is that of slaughtering ducks
and quails, this country would soon repre
sent a condition of affairs equal to some
of the Eastern States, which are now al
most barren of any kind of game because
of a wholesale and unrestricted decimation
of birds and animals by market hunter!".
It was not with the intention of giving
sportsmen (which name is applicable to
tne poor as well as the rich) a morj ex
tended latitude for the enjoyment of a
pleasure dear to all lovers of the chase
that a law restricting the sale oJ game to
a certain period was deemed necessary by
the lawmakers to prevent in some measure
the rapid extermination of the game sup
ply of this cuast.
In some of the Eastern States the sale
of game is prohibited at all seasons, and
it is a known fact that many of the mar
ket hunters who were forced by the strin
gent game laws to seek other fields more
favorable to their calling journeyed to
this coast and joined the local market
hunters in their occupation of killing game
birds for the San Francisco and Sacra
mento market?.
J. H. Babcock, chief of the fish and
game patrol of the Slate, said yesterday in
answer to a question as to what action the
Commissioners would take in reference to
the sale of game, that he would cause the
arrest of all persons he detected in the act
of transcressinjr the law as it now reads.
"I understand, 1 ' said Mr. Babcock, "that
the game-dealers have instructed the
hunters to continue shipping game ana to
j>ay no attention to the law. Their attor
neys contend that the law, which deprives
the market hunters of a Hunt to sell game
and which gives sportsmen a right to kill
game until the 15th of February, is class
lecislation and will not stand lire in court.
"I can't say, of course, what view the
courts will take of the question at issue,
but I can assure you that I intend So. be
guided by the law and will cause the arrest
of any person I lind selling or exposing
game for sale during the closed season.
•'The deputies of the Fish and Game
Commission will watch the markets and
commission-houses closely. lam inclined
to the belief that a large quantity of the
game that will be shipped from the inte
rior to this City will be placed in cold
storage.
"Thk Call has frequently suggested the
introduction of the German brown trout
in the streams of this coast. I understand
that it is a very game fish and is highly
prized for its edible qualities by anglers
and epicures.
"Well, the Commissioners have acted
upon Thk Call's suggestion, and you will
note by this dispatch just received from J.
Annin of the Caledonia hatchery of New
York State that our anglers will have an
opportunity in a few years hence of com
paring the game and edible qualities of
the brown trout with the rainbow and
other varieties of trout indigenous to this
coast."
The dispatch is as follows:
One hundred and twenty-five, thousand
brown trout eggs for Sisson hatchery will start
to-day by Wells, Fargojtfc ('o.'s express.
The esgs will be received on their ar
rival by the superintendent of the Sisson
hatchery, and according to Mr. Babcock,
the fry. when of suilicient size to look out
for themselves, will be placed in the head
waters of the Sacramento, Truokee and
American rivers, where they will not be
taken by anglers who basket small ana
large nsbea alike during the months of the
open season for trout- fishing.
FAVOR A FREE MARKET
An Innovation Among the Com
mercial Institutions of
the City.
M. S. Kohlbeig of the Merchants'
Association Speaks of the Mar
kets in the East.
The projected establishment of a free
market in the City seems to be causing no
little interest in commercial circles. As
might be expected, some of the commis
sion firms, if not the majority of them,
regard the idea with little favor, since its
realization will be tantamount to a dimin
ution in their volume of business. Among
the more influential mercantile houses,
however, may be founds number of stanch
advocates of the movement, some of whom
wax enthusiastic when they can be started
talking on the matter.
In the Merchants' Association the
scheme has found a number of warm sup-
Dorters and the organization has taken an
official cognizance of the project by re
mitting it to the consideration of the com
mittee on trade and fiinance, which con
sists of M. S. Kohlber<», first vice-president
of the association, and Directors J. W. Car
many, A. J. Fusenot, K. P. Osborne and
Josepu Simonson, and which will hold a
special meeting at the rooms of the asso
ciation for the purpose of devising some
practical means of making the proposed
free market one of the established com
mercial institutions of the Cit}'.
Among t.iose who will ;iddress the meet
ing is mentioned W. H. Mills, who is said
to be thoroughly versed in the matter
under consideration, having seen numbers
of free markets in successful operation in
various larjre cities of the Union.
Harbor Commissioner Chadbourne is
also expected to speak. He has already
on more than one occasion signified his
willingness to do all in his power to secure
a site lor the market in some easily acces
sible portion of the water front, and is
considered one of the strongest supporters
upon whom the project must count for its
success.
Mr. Kohjberg. qhairmar* of the goro,mit.
tee, when spoken to on the subject yester
day said:
I am thoroughly in favor of this free market
idea. It would prove a blessing to the poor, in
particular, should it be reduced to practice.
The inhabitants of the City, when the free
market is in operation, will be able to buy veg
etables and other farm produce at far lower
rates than those prevailing at present, since
they can purchase directly from the producer.
As the market business is at present conducted
a large proportion of the profits goes into the
pockets cf the middleman or jobbers. These
men,- to be sure, carry on a legitimate business,
but in order to make* it pay well they have to
buy as cheaply as possible and sell for the
highest figure obtainable.
Under the free market system the small
farmers will have a chance to dispose of their
goods without sacrificing a halt or three
quarters of the profit to others. This will
stimulate people living in the country to raise
what crops their places may produce, secure
in the knowledge that they can get rid of them
at some sort of d figure, aiid even in case the
price be low by reason of an overstocked
market, still, what little profit "there may be
will accrue to tho producer and not to the
commission broker.
This scheme is going to succeed. I know
it will. The free markets in the Eastern
cities are old-established institutions, and in
some instances practically the only great
markets in the localities where they are. It
was in New York t tint I saw tne free market
idea most fully exemplified.
In the Greenwich Market of that cits" may be
witnessed a busy scene, morning after morn
ing, the like of which I have never seen in any
other place. From long before dawn the farm
carts commence to arrive. The producers, that
is, those who actually cultivate the wares they
wish to sell, are allowed space in which to dis
play their stock in trade tree of charge. Job
bers, that is to say, agents of other parties
doing business on 'commission, have to pay a
small ground rental.
In Washington and Baltimore also, free mar
kets'have been in operation for many years.
In Baltimore particularly, I saw ft number of
such markets, one ot which is so extensive
that on market days portions of two large busi
ness streets are closed to trnfticfor a considera
ble portion of the day in order that the buyers
and sellers may be able to carry on their nego
tiations without hindrance or danger.
In Baltimore I think it was that I saw the
so-called "market-cars," which are run on all
lines passing near the free markets. These
cars have in the rear a large semi-circular at
tachment with shelves for market-baskets, and
are sometimes so filled with farm produce as to
be barely distinguishable from the carts of the
country people.
But I could talk about this market business
all night and all I could say would be, in sub
stance, that San Francisco" needs a free mar
ket. Wie will get one and it will be a grand
success.
The commission merchants, who, of
course, .vould be greatly affected by the
establishment of a public market, areany
thing but pleased with the Merchants'
Association taking up the maiter in a
favorable manner. It was not long before
nearly all of them knew that there would
be a meeting to-day, and that the commit
tee who have been investigating the project
of a public market was likely to present a
favorable report.
Yesterday a representative of the San
Francisco Fruit Exchange called upon
Secretary J. R. Freud at the association
headquarters and requested permission to
have a representation of the exchange at
the meeting this evening. He said that at
least twenty-rive members of the exchange
would like to be present and give their
views upon the projected public market.
In the course of his remarks the exchanse
representative intimated that the fruit
commission men are very much opposed
to the establishment of a public market
upon the water front.
TJpon being questioned the gentleman
admitted that they are opposed to putting
a free market in any part of the City, and
the argument he advanced wa;, that it
would injure the small fruit-dealers who
have stands and stores all over the City.
Mr. Freud telephoned to Mr. Kohlberg
and asked if the committee could receive a
delegation from the Fruit Exchange. The
answer was that it would interfere with
the business that the committee had
planned to transact at this meetinp. He
suggested that at a later date the fruit
commission men could be met and the
committee would listen to any protests
they have to make against the public mar
ket project.
TO SCALE TAMALPAIS.
The Scenic Railroad Has Filed Articles
of Incorporation.
The Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais
Scenic Railway has filed articles of in
corporat ion with the County Clerk.
The articles state that the corporation is
formed to construct a mountain railway
"with rails of steel or other metal," and to
establish restaurants and telephonic or
telegraphic communication between the
termini oralong the branches of the road.
The road itself, it is estimated, will be
about eight miles lone. The directors are
William C. 15. de Fremery of Oakland,
Cornelius Toohey, 'William C. Savage and
Sidney B. Cushing of Marin County, and
Charles E. Green, Arthur A. Martin and
David McKay of San Francisco. The cap
ital stock is |200,<M), $45,000 of which has
been subscribed.
NEW TO-DAY.
The largest piece of
ever sold for 10 cents
THE FIRST SOUTHEASTER.
It Cost a Man His Life and Did
Considerable Damage on
the Bay.
TWO STEAMERS IN COLLISION.
The Schooner Virginia Badly Damaged
by Being Thrown Against the
Boston.
The southeaster predicted by Forecast
Ofticer McAdie raised quite a disturbance
from the Mail dock to Folsom-street
wharf yesterday. The wind blew in furi
ous gusts, pnd every vessel in the vicinity
got out extra mooring lines. There was
quite a chapter of accidents and in one in
stance a fatality.
At an early hour in the morning the
wind was blowing at^the rate of forty-eight
miles an hour at Point Lobos. and at
noun it had increased to tifty-two miles.
The storm must have been local, as at 2
p. m. it was. blowing twenty-five miles an
hour at Point Reyes.
The fatality was the loss of a sailor from
the British ship Ancaios, lying at Beale
street wharf. Three of the men, named
Denman, Fandemer and Morris, got some
money from the first mate and went ashore
to have it good time. At an early hour in
the morning they returned to the vessel
considerably under the influence of liquor.
The heavy sweil made it hard work to t;«-t
on board, and it was sume little time be
fore the men made the attempt. Fande
mer and Morris reached the deck all right,
but when they turned around Denman
was gone. There was no sign of him on
the wharf, and when a boat was lowered
and a search made, all that could be found
of the missing man was his hat. Tb<
position is that he lost his balance and a
lurch of the shin sent him overboard. In
falling lie probably struck his head against
v pile arid sank immediately.
The steamers Costa Kica and Wellington
of the Dunsmuir line were in collision,
and both vessels were considerably
damaged. They were lying at Folsom
street wharf 2, and the Costa Rica wanted
to get away. In order to do so in safety a
breast line was passed over to the ship
Ken.ilworth, lying at Harrison street, then
the big steamer went astern under a slow
bell. Just when it was most wanted a
heavy swell and a gust of wind came anil
the line parted. In a second the Costa
Kica had struck the Wellington bow on.
The latter lost one of her boats and the
davits, part of her rail and the bridge.
The Wellington's anchor caught in the
Costa Rica forward, and. as the latter was
driven along it tore away a considerable
portion of her rail and did other damage.
Both steamers were badly chafed.
On the other side of FoUom street the
British ship City of Madras had a lively
time of it. One of her steel hauser.s
snapped under the strain, and a few
minutes later a nianilla cable parted.
Luckily the others held, and Captain <lni
liths was able to get new lines out before
any further damage was done. In the
case of this vetsel the iron mooring-bits
began to give and the captain was com
' peiled to move all his lines to the mooring
i piles.
The scow schooner Virginia is almost a
total wreck, owing to the storm. She had
| a load of coal on board for the cruiser Bos
! ton and attempted to deliver it. The cap
! tain got her out to the warship all riuht,
but when he attempted to get alongside a
big sea picked up ins vessel and threw her
against the cruiser. Nearly all her port
; railing was carried away, and she was so
| strained that she be«a~n to leak badly.
; With the aid of some of the Boston's cre*v
' she was got away and the captain ran her
; for North Beach. There she was put hard
and fast on the beach, and at high water
:is half full of water. The greater part of
the cargo of coal went overboard while she
was in '.'ollision.
A number of vessels. were to have been
moved or taken to but their captains
decided to remain where they are until the
storm is over. Among those who re
mained at anchor were the E. K. Wood,
which was to have moved to Mission street;
the Halcyon and Rufus E. Wood, which
were to have gone to sea, and the Braca
dale, which was to have docked at section
4 of the seawall. The pasoline steamer
Moro started for Point Reyes, but when
the full force of the storm was felt off Fort
Point the captain pat about and ran into
shelter behind Fort Mason.THE WATERWAYS
OF CALIFORNIA
Convention of the River
Improvement Asso
ciation.
LEADING MEN CONSULT.
Five Delegates Are Chosen to
Re-enforce Our Congressmen
in Washington.
FOR LARGER APPROPRIATIONS.
Eighteen Counties and Seven Cities
Adopt a Memorial in Favor of
Improving Our Rivers.
The fifth convention of the California
River Improvement Association m-.-t in
the Chamber of Commerce yesterday at
11 o'clock a. m. The attendance of leading
men of the State was large. Eighteen
counties and seven municipalities inter
ested in water transportation were repre
sented.
The convention appointed as delegates
t Washington to advocate the cause
the following named gentlemen: William
Johns:, n of Sacramento, J. M. Gleaves of
. 11. J. Corcoran of Stockton, W. A.
San Jose and E. McGettlgan of
Before the convention assembled a meet
executive committee was held
let the alleged shortage of Eugene
J. Gregory of Sacramento.
The executive committee remained in
D behind closed doors for an hour,
t the end of that time Senator Wil-
Johnston announced that there was
ntely no truth in the report of
ry's defalcation. He stated that the
accounts showed a shortage of $113, and
that of that sum $50 was accounted for by
ry'a bookkeeper. The remaining
f.ich was unaccounted for was, in
the opinion of the executive committee,
in the purchase of stamps, stationery,
books, etc., on behalf of the association.
was the report of the committee ap
the last meeting of the associa
■amine the books, and Senator
regretted that reports damaging
Gregory's character had in conse
een circulated.
evening William Johnston received
this telegram from Frank Gregory :
--'•■ Jan. 15, 1896.
To William Johnston,, G a id Hotel, Son Fran-
All moneys belonging to the California
River Improvement Association were left de
posited In the safe of Eugene J. Gregory, treas
urer, at <aeramento, ana are now ana always
to authorized draft of your
i;;on - Frank Gregory.
The convention proper was called to or
der by A. H. Rose, who stated the pur
-> meeting. He said the pros
peritj of California depended largely upon
us waterways, and it was essential, there
fore, that they be improved. He believed
that the rivers of California were as impor
tant as the railways and it was to secure
appropriations from Congress for the pur
pose of deepening and extending the chan
nels that the convention had been called.
The organization of the convention was
effected by the election of William John-
Eton of Sacramento chairman and Sena
tor J. il. Gleaves of Shasta secretary.
The delegates to the convention whose
credentials were properly tiled are :
• >an Francisco Chamber— Del Morris, Upham
Bates, William L. Merry, Professor George
Davidson. H. A. Williams, A. Gerberaing
Shasta County— R. Harvey, If. E. Ditmar W
Smith, P. W. R. Conant, H. Bass, O. Gruttner'
iwry, H. Clonerschmidt, J. W. Fitzpat
-. -z-tr, William Menzel, F M
Bwayae, J. B. Dozier, D. N. Horn, J. Spelman
!'..(.. Hart. J. O. Porter, E. P. Connor. Charles
< amden, E. J. Andrews, J. B. P. Bass W R
.'., W. H. Fowler, Frank Panter.
Muramento City— F. W. Sheehan. H. Wein
» w. a. Gett, W. D. Lawton, J. H. Robert*
I'etaluma— .-. J. Hopkin>, W. B. Haskell, N.
Gould, J. L. Carwin, E. E. Drees, William P.
Edwards, from Sonoma County.
"akian.l— J. L. Davie, J. M. Basset t, George
L. Fish. George X. Arper, Eugene Hough.
Napa County— C. P. Seely, J. H. -Baker, J. A.
<: County— Marrsville: W. T. Ellis, B
M - lllivan, N. F. Kelly, L. Williams, N
leout, J. C. White. D.E. Knight, A. C.
Un, J. H Jewett. Supervisors W. Batt
k::>on, L. Couraeh, H. McGuire, A. C. Sevier, J>
R. Meek. J. Greely, James O'Brien, D. P Dona
. P. Durst, Thomas R. Sherwood.
Solano County— X. w. M>-<iettigan, H J
Bufkinsrham, B. Devlin, J. 11. ilcCudden
James clarK.
Butter County— Supervisors W. H. Hoke, J.
E. Orr, 1.. D. Nash. Delegates— B. F. Walton
•Jhleyer, L. P. Farmer, T. B. Hull \ B
Kirtley, R. C. Kells.
< o.u?a— C. P. Wilson, J. O. Zinnwalt, C. C
Feltfc, J. \V. Kearth, L. F. Moulton, J. R. Price
J. H. Langenour. '
Marin County— JL C. Dufficy, Robert Far
ieh, J. E. Walsh, James Sperry, Jam.-> H. Wil
. isors Jacob Gardner, A. G. Scown
Marin County supervisors — George W Ber
bant, K. KinseUa, William Barr.
Tehama County— Supervisors A. O. White. C.
B. Jobe. N. H. Lyman, O. Leruinger, D. Bryon'
Delegates— J. T. Mattock. G. G. Kimbull. 8 F
Chipman, L. L. McCoy.
Contr* Costa— .Supervisors A. Rumisell, Wil
liam Haina, J. F. Majors J. F. Schneider M
B. Ivory. Delegates— £. D. Grigs by, James Hel
lar, D. N. Sherburne, John Swett, Joan J
Burt.
Santa Clara— Supervisors L. S. Demian R L
Higgins, D. Henderson, C. C. Morse, D. w'
Hcrrington; Trustees J. B. O'Brien, A \
Wiihrow, J. J. Miller, W. O. Watson, John
Roil.
Alameda— J. \V. Phillips, D. Suman, Captain
Roberts, E. Denison, H. P. Dalton, J E
Johnson, H. Bailey, J. R. Talcott, W h"
church, W. S. Pelouze; City Council of Oak
land— .1. L. Davie (Mayor;. J. M.Bassett; Mer
chants' Exchange, Oakland— George F. Fish
George W. Arper. Eug.ne Hough.
Yolo County— E. C. Rust, Thomas Hall, ER.
Lowe, R. R. Flint, John Laithers.
The proposition to send a delegation of
representative men to Washington was
discussed at length during the present ses
sion. Speeches were made Dy Messrs.
Seculovich, Cochran, Adams, McLean
and others. The discussion was renewed
when the convention reassembled at 1
o'clock. Mayor Davie of Oakland declared
that a powerful Jobby was maintained at
Washington to protect the interests of
railroads, the Standard Oil Company and
the great corporations, and said we should
be ably represented there in order to ac
complish oar purpose of securing appro
priations for our waterwa3's.
J. M. Bassett spoke of the necessity of
having an active delegation at Wash
ington. Water transportation was opposed
to railroad monopoly. The railroads have
3 lobby to fight every measure conflicting
with their interests.
Colonel Weinstock said in order to ascer
tain if it w«re necessary to send a com
mittee he had telegraphed to Congress
man Grove L. Johnson, who replied as
follows :
Waphingto/J, D. C, Jan. 14, 1896.
After conh-.ltntion with others of the Cali
loru:a dtleßation we agree that it is better to
send delegates. Gbovk L. Johnson.
Dr. McLean spoke of the Oakland Har
«i°-n?'? * men tioning that the sum of
♦ 1,(00,000 had been appropriated by Con
gress amce the first bill was introduced.
Ike money to the amount of $700,000 bad
been expended in dredging the estuary,
out tiie tidal caual to connect San Leandro
Bay had not been constructed. There had
been, „ fa judgment, a misdirection of a
laixe amount of money.
State Senator Gleaves of Shasta made a
™ nYt 1 !! w h k- support of sending a del
ation to Washington to aid our repre
sentatives in Congress in securing the
necessary appropriations for the improve
ornia ° f »nT 8 and harbors • in PCali
fornia v "Unless we Ro to Washing
here will be no good press our claims
there n ill be no good results. Now we
« nhfiJ 0 0 * U o ?™* u P° n which to base
a claim , for Satiooal aid. Since 1863 the
*-J. .000,000. California has received from
*_J< 000,000 . California has received from
the t ederal Government during that period
the sum of $11,000,000 for postoflices, ma
rine hospitals, river and other improve
ments. We are to blame in the matter for
not asking for what belongs to us. We
have a united delegation in Congress and
it is our duty to uphold them."
benator Gieayes spoke of several large
mining enterprises now being established
in Shasta County, and declared that with
the opening up of the river the mine
owners would avail themselves of the
waterway in the matter of shipments. He
said that there was $140,000 which Con
gress had appropriated for the improve
ment of the Sacramento River, and which
had never been expended.
Captain Roberts of Sacramento declared
that there was a strong influence at work
in Washington to prevent the improvement
of the Sacramento and other rivers. Ho
*vas greatly in favor of sending a delega
tion to Washington.
J. T. Matlock of Tehama said that tne
Sacramento should be made navigable for
'250 miles from its mouth. He was in favor
of sending a delegation to Washington and
demanding that the required improvements
of rivers and harbors in California should
be made.
A. H. Rose of Yuba spoke in a like
strain. He said that all the harbors about
the bay of San Francisco needed improve
ment. As an illustration of the need of
these waterway improvements, he said
that the cost of transporting a cargo of
beer from San Francisco to Fresno was
$1 50 a barrel; and to Los Angeles, to
which point there was water connection,
the cost was $1 a barrel. To San Jose it
cost $1 50 a ton on wheat, and to Co
lusa $1 50.
"As to the necessity of giving aid to our
delegation in Congress, there should be no
question about it," said Mr. Rose. "Our
Representatives should be backed up by
the people."
A. Grennineer of San Jose gave some
valuable statistics as to the output of
Santa Clara County. lie also submitted a
memorial which the Alviso Channel com
mittee had sent to Congress. It is as fol
lows:
We, the undersigned, the Board of Trade of
San Jose, the Board of Trade of Los Gatos. the
Board of Trade of Santa tiara, the Board of
County Supervisors, the Mayor and Common
Council of the city of San Jose, the Mayor and
Common Council of the city of Gilroy. the
Board of Trustees of the town of Santa Clara,
the Board of Trustees of the town of Los Gatos,
the Board of Trustees of the town of Palo Alto
and the faculty of Leland Stanford Junior Uni
versity, all residents and citizens of the county
of Santa Clara, in the State of California, re
spectfully represent as follow-,:
First— That Santa Clara County, California,
has a population of about u'o,ooo and an area
of 1754 square miles, and contains within its
limits the most extensive prune and apricot
belt in the whole world. Its annual shipments
to points east of the Rocky Mountains, products
of its trees and vines alone, amount tn t.i 0.000
tons, and of the approximate value of $5,000,
--000, and that our intrastate commerce is more
than three times this amount.
Second— That all, or nearly all, of this im
mense tonnage has to be shipped over the lines
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company, it
being the only line of railroad that has so far
tapped the county.
Third— That the only other feasible means of
transport is by way of one or more of the
ploughs that connect the uplands of our county
through the estuaries with the bay of San
Francisco.
Fourth— That the principal one of these
sloughs and the oue large enough to allow
transportation by means of light-draft Bailing
craft and light-draft steamers Is the Alviso
Slough, having a length of about 20.000 leet
from the wharf at the town of Alviso to its
mouth at the eastern end of San Francisco
Bay.
Fifth— That the business carried on over said
slough eiuce 1850 to the present time has been
considerable and of great benefit to this conn
tv, and for six months of the present year,
from May 1 to October 1, xepresents the follow
ing figures:
Lumber (8,750,000 feet) 17,500 tons
Hay 8,000 "
All other freight 127,500 "
Total 63,000 tons
Sixth— That an independent line of railway
is about to be constructed by the Santa Clara
Valley Railway. Company from the city of San
Jose to the wharves at Alviso, a distance of
about seven miles, the right-of-way beintr
nearly all secured, and the steel rails and
fastenings are now afloat, en route to this
point.
Seventh— That your petitioners, in view of
the volume of present business and the fact
that our business is increasing rapidly from
year to year, the outpwt of dried fruit, per ex
ample of 1895, being double that of 1890, and
yast areas are now planted to fruits having
barely come into bearing, and firmly believing
that such increase will continue as rapidly for
yeais to come, and considering the great bene
fits to be derived in that case from a free,
open, deep and uninterrupted waterway, giv
ing direct communication to the countries of
all climes, and believing it to be for the best
interests of the State as well as for our county,
therefore your petitioners earnestly request
that your honorable body take steps and ap
propriate the necessary moneys to make said
waterway navigable for deep-sea vessels and
large craft.
Eighth— That as near as your petitioners can
ascertain vow without a detailed survey, such
improvement as is necessary for the present
and immediate future business will require the
removal of about 1.000.000 cubic yards of
earth (at a cost of about $100,000), one-Tiaif of
it being soft river mud ana the other half a
bluish clay, readily handled by dredgers, to
obtain an average depth of twenty leet at high
water and diminish the curvature In said
channel. These estimates are suflicient for the
improvements required at the present time,
ana are based upon the reports of our local
engineers, men who by large experience are
qualified to advise on such improvements.
Ninth— That the present average depth of
6aid Alviso Slouch is only about twelve and
one-half feet at high tide, which, in connection
with the abrupt bends therein, renders very
difficult the entry of sailing vessels, except at
times of high water and fair winds, and effec
tually prevents Its navigation by coastwise
craft not particularly built for that trade, and
excludes us entirely from the great benefit
which otherwise would accrue from having
the fuel for our industries delivered at our
wharves by the coal-carrying vessels of the
North Pacilic Const.
Tenth— That we believe that if this improve
ment be made the carrying business will more
than double its present volume the first year
thereafter; that manufacturing, now iuaprac
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
tlcable, will be made possible and profitable;
that we may exchange our products with the
civilized world at a minimum transportation
cost, and that thereby the material increase of
our prosperity would add to the commercial
prosperity of our whole commonwealth.
™- , _ Aiviso Channel Committee.
W. A. Cooper, Chairman.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento urged
upo-i tiie convention to send a delegation
to Washington.
Mr. Adams of Yolo County was not in
favor of assessing counties and sending
delegates to Washington without knowing
iust what improvements were to be made.
He said that the last delegation from Cali
fornia to the National capital had not se
cured an increase of the general appro
priation.
Mr. Corcoran of Stockton contradicted
the speaker and said that the delegation
had secured the appointment of a commis
sion to inquire into the needed improve
ments of the Sacramento. He declared
that if the General Government appro
priated half the amount recommended for
river and harbor improvements in Cali
fornia by the engineers there would be no
cause for complaint.
Captain W. L. Merry of San Francisco
showed how the improvement of water
ways was to the general advancement of
the producer and the development of the
country.
The question was submitted to a vobe,
and it was finally agreed to send a delega
tion to Washington.
A new executive committee was ap
pointed as follows:
Alameda— Dr. J. T. McLean.
City of Alameda— l). W. Van Sycles.
Colusa— C. P. Wilson.
Contra Costa— John Swett.
Glenn— M. O'Hara.
Napa— J. A. Fuller.
Marin— K. Ferris.
Sacramento— William Johnston.
Ban Francisco— Captain W. L. Merry.
Santa Clare— W. A. Cooper.
Pan Joaquin— C. A. Bachman.
City of Stockton— \V. T. Woods.
Shasta— W. R. Conant.
Sonoma— William P. Edwards.
Stanislaus— J. R. McDonald.
Butter— W. F. Iloke.
Tehama— A. O. White.
Yolo— T. B. Adams.
Yuba— J. M. C. Jasper.
Marysville— M. D. Rldeout
Oakland— George L. Fish, president Mechan
ics' Kxehanee.
Petaluma— E. E. Greaves.
San Jose — A. Grenniager.
Sacramento— Captain J. H. Roberts.
Redding— F. L. Swasey.
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce—Pro
fessor Davidson.
At large— J. \V. Gleaves, A. H. Rose, S. H.
Harvey, w. T. Lawton, (.eortre Ohleyer, P. F.
Ayer, W. 8. Green, N. J. Corcoran, 11. I." Dalton.
-Mr. Sherwood of Yuba submitted the
following, which was adopted:
Resolved, That this convention is in favor of
the plan outlined and recommended in the
report of the California Debris Commission
dated December 4, 1394. known as the
Deguerre Point dam, or barrier, in Yuba
River lor the retention of the heavy material
in the channel of said stream and its tribu
taries above said point And we favor the
appropriation of $300,000, therein recom
mended by the Doard of Governmf nt engineers
to construct Mid retaining barrier as the Initial
point in the betterment of the Sacramento and
Feather rivers.
The convention then took a recess until
8 o'clock p. si.
THE EVENING SESSION.
Memorial to Congress Praying for a
Comprehensive System of River
Improvement Adopted.
The convention met in the evening and
settled down to a discussion of the im
provement of rivers, and mainly those
waterways affected by slickens.
The memorial committee, through Rob
ert T. Devlin, presented the following re
port:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States— The River and Harbor Con
vention, composed of the City and County of
San Francisco and of the counties of Colusn,
Yuba, Sinter, Yolo, Sacramento, Tehama, So
iioraa, bolano, Santa (Mara, Alameda and Marin,
in fifth biennial convention assembled, respect
fully memorialize you as follows:
The improvement of the navigable waters of
Northern mid Central California constitutes
the most important question engaging the at
tention of the people of the State. These water
channels extend over a thousand miles in ex
tent and afford a cheap means of transporta
tion for. the products of the fertile valleys that
they drain. From various causes iheir naviga
bility has been decreased, and as a consequence
those who would benefit by their improvement
have suffered. They are capable of extension
at a small outlay of money so as to bring within
the range of advantage large portions of the
State now inaccessible by water navigation.
The Government has never given tlie matter
the attention it deserved, and the necessity
for immediate action by Congress is impera
tive. Even in their present imperfect stage
the cheapened transportation afforded by them
affects the price of a large part of the products
of California, and has an effect also on the
railroad rates from other parts of the State not
possessing the immediate benefit of water
transportation. The neglect of these navigable
waters should no longer in justice continue.
Beside this question of their improvement all
other questions affecting the welfare of Cali
fornia pale into comparative insignificance.
Reports made by Government engineers,
now on file, show both their importance in a
commercial sense and the necessity for their
improvement. The low price now prevailing
for all the products of the farm and orchard
demand that these waters shall be so im
proved as to become common highways for the
transportation of these products. The unde
veloped resources of California that await only
the means of cheap water transportation to
spring into life are immense and valuable.
Wise statesmanship requires that every effort
should be us-jd to secure this result.
Partial surveys have been made ot the rivers
and of the bay of ban Francisco, and these
should be continued. Without citing statistics,
it will be sufficient to say that the saving now
effected by these navigable waters in freight
rates, as compared with those prevailing by
rail, amount to the producers of the State to
more than £2,000,000 per annum, and by their
further improving this saving could be doubled.
It is absolutely necessary for the future and
continuous prosperity o; California that these
waters should receive that attention from Con
gress that their importance, viewed from the
standpoint of commerce and agriculture, de
mand. We call your attention particularly to
the reports of Federal engineers on li le at Wash
ington, and ask, in addition to the recom
mendations for improvement therein con
tained, to extend the work still further. We
particularly pray that this matter of improve
ment of the waterways of California may not
be conducted on the patchwork system that
hitherto has been observed, but that the Gov
ernment will edopt v. complete system for their
improvement, and that whatever may be done
shall be done as a part of a comprehensive plan
under the contract system.
We desire to remind you of the vast sums
paid by California iuto the Federal treasury
and the meager attention in comparison (riven
by the Federal Government to California In re
turn. On the ground of relief to the.farmer
and fruit-grower, of the extension of com
merce, of cheapened transportation, of repara
tion for past neglect and ot solemn duty, in
improving the navigable waters of this 'vast
empire, we earnestly implore yon to carry out
all the reeommeudationa for improvement
made by the Government engineers, atid to
take such other means as may be necessary
and proper to improve and extend these water
ways so as to beueiit not only the people of
California, but of the whole Nation ts well.
W. B. Green.
S. F. NTS.
If. Weinstock.
H. J. Corcoran.
Robert T. Devlin.
Sherwood of Yuba said that unless the
memorial to Congress would stop the flow
of stickens it would be of no benefit to the
farmers or the people of the valley. He
was in favor of hydraulic mining, but held
that detritus from the higher levels came
toward San Francisco in the waters of the
Sacramento River. He said he was in
favor of impounding dams, and quoted
the report of the United States engineers
to Congress on the subject to show that
there should be some means of stopping
this flow of heavy matter.
"I have contended," he said in conclu
sion, "that there can be no betterment of
the rivers until this flow is stopped."
Senator A. H. Rose of Yuba stated that
the Government engineers had never yet
made a report on the requirements of the
rivers of California so far as concerned the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers. He
moved that the convention recommend
the Johnson bill now before the lower
house of Congress.
W. S. Green of Colusa said that the
Johnson bill related only to the Sacra
mento River, and consequently should not
be recommended as representing: all sec
tions of California
Senator Gleaves of Shasta County op
posed the Johnson bill for more than one
reason, but for one special reason in par
ticular: That the United States engineers
in their report mentioned Red Bluff as the
PROMINENT FIGURES AT THE RIVERS AND HARBORS CONVENTION YESTERDAY.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
head of navigation on the Sacramento
River, whereas that point was fifty-five
miles north of Red Bluff. He further
found that these engineers had made many
errors in their reports, through the "patch
work" manner in repairing rivers. The
Senator from Shasta argued in favor of
the report, claiming that it was what was
wanted.
Senator Rose moved that in a proper
place in the memorial be inserted: "We
recommend that the Johnson bill take in
such works in California as will embrace
that proposition." rie said that what was
wanted was a betterment of the water
ways of California.
"Senator Rose, withdraw your amend
ment; I am the only kicker in the house.
Now, withdraw your amendment," ex
claimed Sherwood* of Yuba.
A delegate from Shasta County stated
that the Johnson bill was favored" by the
people of Shasta County. Apparently bis
people were not pleased with the report of
the United States engineers that set the
head of navigation at Red Bluff, for the
people of Teharua d sired that there be
water competition in freighting business to
their town.
Delegate Devlin introduced an amend
ment to the report as follows:
We earnestly ask that the bill now pend
ing in Congress providing for the creation of the
Sacramento River Commission, known as the
Johnson bill, be passed with such amendments
a« shall place all work on the navigable waters
affecting the counties herein named under the
jurisdiction of said commission.
This started a further discussion between
Gleaves and Sherwood. Sherwood asked
if G leaves had not argued on the other
side at the miners' convention.
"Yes," replied (Jleaves; "but I appear
now solely in behalf of a plan for the
waterways as are Considered necessary. I
don't ask you to dam anything. '
Mr. Devlin interrupted the discussion in
the interest of the memorial. "It seems
to me the resolution should pass," he said,
and then he presented various arguments
in favor of it.
Mr. Green held that it was bad taste for
any one to appear before the convention
in favor of any one point; and still some
people, he said, appeared in the interest of
the De Guerre dam.
The moment Green sat down there were
cries of "Question!" from all carts of the
floor, but another delegate from Shasta
cot the floor and claimed that he repre
sented a vast region and was firm in his
declaration that the people above Red
Biuff were entitled to consideration.
The cry of "Question!" came from all
parts of the house, and the memorial was
finally presented by the chair and adopted
without a dissenting voice.
The followine resolution written by Pro
fessor George Davidson was introduced:
Whereas, The Government of the United
States has made topographical and hydro
grapliical charts of the navagable streams on
the Atlantic seaboard and of the Columbia and
Willamette rivers in Oregon and Washington
for the benefit of navigation, therefore
Resolved, That the Senators and Representa
tives of the State of California be requested to
urge Congress to make sufficient appropria
tions for the execution of topographical and
hydrographical surveys of the Sacramento and
San Joao.uin rivers and their affluents to the
head of navigation, and to publish the charts
therefore upon a scale sufficiently large for the
benefit of vessels navigating said streams.
A delegate from San Jose moved to
arnenu by addinp Alviso .River, and San
Francisco's single representative substi
tuted Islais Creek, both of them in a jocu
lar vein, but the resolution was unani
mously carried after the clause, "and
other navigable waters of California." was
added.
The following resolutions were presented
and laid upon the table :
Whereas, The States bordering on the Mis
sissippi tax themselves to promote the im
provement of that river, the sums thus pro
vided being expended under the supervision
of the general Government iv the States fur
nishing this fund In addition to the appro
priation by the geueral Government; therefore
be it
Resolved, That it is tne sense of this con
vention that the Legislature of California
should appropriate au adequate sum to aid
the work of improving the rivers of the £tate.
Reiolvtd, That the executive committee of
this convention be instructed to prepare a bill
coverin.ee this resolution, to be presented to the
next Congress.
The delegates appointed by the executive
committee to go to Washington were
named before the convention, and the
resolution presented by the executive com
mittee that Stockton, Sacramento, Oak
land, San Jose and San Francisco be called
on to subscribe $250 each, and the cities of
Napa, Marysville, Petalunia, Santa Cruz
and Redding contribute $100 each for send
ing the delegates East, aroused a discus
sion among Supervisors of San Francisco,
Sacramento, Shasta. Santa Clara, Yolo and
other counties. Most of these gentlemen
assured the convention that their respec
tive counties would be only too willing to
make the appropriation called for.
On motion the delegates to Washington
were voted the approval <>f the convention,
and it was the sense of the convention that
they would receive the support of the
counties mentioned.
The Chamber of Commerce was given a
vote of thanks for the hall and other
courtesies, after which the convention ad
journed sine die.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
Five Delegates Chosen to Go to
Washington.
Immediately after the convention ad
journed a meeting of the new executive
committee was called.
A. H. Rose called the executive commit
tee to order for the p urpose of arranging
for organization. A. H. Rose was elected
chairman of the committee, J. M. Gleaves
was chosen secretary and W. T. Lawton
of Sacramento was elected treasurer. It
was decided that nine members should
constitute a quorum.
Mr. Green moved to select five delegates
to proceed to Washington. He suggested
that five should be the number, owing to
the diversity of interests requiring repre
sentation.
Mr. Cooper wanted a full expression of
opinion to ascertain if five constituted a
sufficient number.
J. M. C. Casper of Wheatland thought
three would be sufficient.
John Swett of Contra Costa believed that
thre€ able men would accomplish the pur
pose sought. He had confidence that the
men would be broad .enough not to "hog"
the appropriation for their own localities.
Dr. McLean of Alarneda said if the com
mittee should consist of three there should
be one from the Sacramento, one from
the San Joaquin and one from the bay
region.
Mr. Conant, who is chairman of the
Board of Supervisors of Shasta, asKed Mr.
Green to designate the five interests that
he had in mind.
Mr. Green said the people of the Upper
Sacramento wanted navigation to Red
ding. Tne Lower Sacramento had another
interest. Then there was the San Joa
quin, which made three for the river in
terests, and there should be two for the
bay interests of San Jose, Petaluma, Oak
land and San Francisco.
Mr. Adams of Yolo observed that money
was hard to pet hold of. "I should
think, however, that five should be the
number."
At this point a discussion between Mr.
Adams and Mr. Johnston cani« up as to
the amount of money expended by the
Government to save Yolo County from in
undation.
Again came up the vexed question of
the authority of Boards of Supervisors
to appropriate money for the purpose of
sending delegates to Washington. Mr.
Conant of Shasta said his county gave the
money on the opinion of the Attorney-
General that each county could lawfully
appropriate $1000 per annum to encourage
immigration.
The committee finally voted to send five
representatives to Washington, and the
following nominations were made with
eulogistic speeches:
William Johnston, Sacramento; J. M.
Gleaves, Shasta; George Ohieyer, Sutter;
Dr. J. G. McLean, Alameda; Thomas J.
Geary, Sonoma; H. J. Corcoran, Stock
ton; W. A. Coulter, San Jose; Edward
McGettigan, Vallejo.
Mr. Rose was placed in nomination, but
declined to accept.
The committee decided to vote by ballot,
the five receiving a majority of all the
votes cast to be declared elected. The
ballot resulted as follows: Johnston 25,
Gieaves 25, Oh lever 6, McLean 9, Geary 3,
Corcoran 28, Coulter 21, McGettigan 22.
The chairman declared the election of
Johnston, Gleaves, Corcoran, Coulter and
McGettigan.
A long discussion followed as to the
amount of money that should be appro
priated. William Johnston, who has had
experience in Washington, said it coat
him obout $10 a day to live there in a
cheap hotel. As a lobbyist in behalf of
deep water he had achieved the most suc
cess by taking members down to the
lunchroom.
Some members of the committee thought
each delegate should have $600. Others
favored a higher amount, suggesting
$1000. It was the sentiment of the com
mittee that each of the eighteen counties
should be asked to contribute $250, and
that municipalities represented should
also give an equal amount.
It was suggested by the chairman that the
amount for San Francisco should be lixed
at less thau $500 so the Mayor could not
veto it.
The commiltee then adjourned to meet
at the call of the chairman.
POINT LOBOS CLUB ANGEY
An Uncomplimentary Letter in the Ban
ner Prompts tlie Club to Appoint an
Investigating Committee.
Last evening, at the regular meeting of
tho Point Lobos Improvement Club, the
usual large attendance was diminished
somewhat by the stormy weather.
Chairman G. W. Fletcher announced
that the committee on schools had been
informea by Superintendent of Schools
Babcock that seventh grades wouid be
placed in both the Richmond and Sutro
schools for the accommodation of the
large number of pupils to enter those
grades.
A committee of five was appointed to in
vestigate the authorship of a letter un
complimentary to the club which ap
peared in last Saturday's issue of the
Richmond Banner, communicated unier
the initials of J. W. P. The committee
consists of J. Preston, J. H. Sivers, I.
Green, I. C. Connors and W. H. Crosswait.
Secretary W. P. Johnson suggested that
some steps be taken to prevent the run
ning of steamcars on the California-street
line, an objectionable feature that was pro
voking much complaint along that street.
The chairman explained that such a move
ment would be useless until next year, as
the California-street Company had a ten
years' privilege of running steamcars on
that road dating from 1887.
It was moved and carried that the Su_
pervisors be petitioned to place cesspools on
the southwest corner of Fifth avenue and
Clement street and on the northeast corner
of Fifth and Point Lobos avenues. Reso
lutions of thanks to Chief Crowley and
Captain George W. Wittman of the Police
Department were adopted by the club for
the tine detail of patrolmen now in the
district, and the president and secretary
were instructed to attest the resolutions
and personally deliver them to the Chief
of Police.
The committee on drifting sands report
ed progress and stated that the sidewalks
had been satisfactorily cleaned.
SEEN ON THE STEEETS.
Peculiar-Looking People to Be Met in
New York City.
The latest figure to take his place among
those often seen in the streets is the
most striking of any. He confines
himself to no part of the town. In
the morning he may be seen about the
business districts, and in the afternoon
far up on Fifth avenue. He is a tall,
gaunt man with a brown mustache. He
invariably wears a silk hat of an old
fashion, "a long, black diagonal frock
coat and a white linen necktie. The
hottest days in summer find him wear
ing one frock coat, and in the coldest
winter weather he clings to the white
linen tie. This winter he has been wear
ing a large white chrysanthemum. Al
though he ia seen in the* shopping districts
uptown, and in all possible parts of the
town, he never appears to be walking sim
ply for the pleasure of it. He apparently
takes no notice of the people wno pass
him. His eyes look straight in front of
him, and his face is apparently set with
soms absorbing purpose.
He stalks along the street appearing to
see nobody, but already he is well enough
known by sight to be followed wherever
he goes by the eyes of people
who have seen him before and con
jectured as to who he is. He looks
something like a missionary or a Protestant
preacher, but with ail the severity and
plainness of his clothes there is a trace of
dandyism. The chrysanthemum which
got into bis buttonhole this fall ia varied
by a white flower of another kind, and
this color scheme of black and white never
changes. He evidently is not in mourn
ing, for there is no weed on his hat.
New Yorkers may remember the old
German who ten years ago was seen
all over the city wearing a light iiannel
suirt and clasping a stout cane. He
was always walking rapidly, and his
purpose was plainly exercise. Ho was
a ruddy-faced man, vigorous and heavily
built, but during tne last few years he
was thinner and paler, and he walked
with less vigor and a feebler
tread. The two old Frenchmen who
patrolled Broadway with their com
plaints printed in French on rusty tin
plates that hung on their shoulders
have long since disappeared. It marks
a curious change in cit> life that
the noticeable fieures on the streets
to-day are the nervous member of two
Fifth avenue clubs, two young girl 3 who
dress in imitation of ultra -fashionable
women, and a man who has become con
spicuous for his solemn attire and his
earnest look. — The Sun.
Origin of Napkins.
The Romans were the first to call the
semblance of a napkin into use. It is a
matter of history, whether it be accepted
as true or not, that the Romans were con
noisseurs, and that whenever a Roman
nobleman gave a dining to his many
friends some new fad was anticipated.
Sometimes these expectations were real
ized in the shape of a new dish, or some
times it was an innovation that would ap
pear in the next issue of the Rules of Eti
quette, stylographed by Ciceronius & Son.
One day a Roman nobleman— l forget his
name, though he was an ancestor of
Ciesar— had a large dining. It was given
in honor of his return from Germany,
where he had won many rights and cap
tured numerous slaves. These slaves were
long-haired, rosy-cheeked maidens of
beautiful figure and gentle ways.
An idea got into the possession of the
nobleman and he carried it into instant
execution. When dinner was served every
guest was astoniahed to observe seated at
his very feet a handsome woman, with
loose flowing locks of the blonde order.
Just what they should do with the fair
intruders none of the guests appeared to
know, until the host of the occasion having
devoured a dish of elegant ragout, leaned
over and used the hair of the maid nearest
him for a napkin. Needless to mention
the guests were delighted and swiftly fol
lowed suit. Later the noblemen who
could not afford slaves for this purpose
used their own beards. Since that time
there has been an evolution in napkins
until they have become wnat they are
now. — Atlanta Constitution.
Fat people are said to be more numerous
in low, wet countries than in high or
mountainous ones. Fat men are as com
mon in Holland and England as they are
rare in Switzerland.
! r
■\
Pimples,
Blood Scars
AND
Bad Blood
Sores,
ARE
DRIED
UP
BY
:
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
EASY,
SOOTHING,
COMFORTING,
/ ■ *
For your hall.
Put them this way: Look-
ing-glass with hat and coat
hooks — hang.it on the wall;
hall settee (or hall table, if
you like it better) under-
neath.
Merely one of our many
ways of fixing halls ; better
let us see about yours ; may-
be we can improve it.
French Negus portieres
for libraries and halls (first-
rate any place) $6 50 a pair.
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
1IAYI? V TA IA I V PROMPTLY. WITH
iilUXllil iv UVllil roved Real ' ate
and Improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITE
NUMBER of monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. Apply to the CALIFORNIA
, INVESTMENT CO.. 32« Montgomery St.. S. *'.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETJ.
Increased Exports.
Silver continues to advance.
Wheat Freichta quiet and lower.
Choice Wheat firm.
Barley Futures lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Feedstuffs uuchanged,
liny weak and quiet.
No change in Flour.
Beans dull again.
Nothing doing In Seeds.
Very few Dried Peas offering.
Choice Potatoes firm. Onions steady.
Butter and Cheese rather scarce.
Eggs unsettled.
Poultry quiet and easy.
Legal season for Game over.
App.es and Oranges dull.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins neglected.
Honey inactive.
Hams, Bacon and Lard unchanged.
Sllcht fluctuation in Cottolene.
Hides and Leather steady but dull.
Small sales of Hops.
Hogs steady but quieter.
Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Nothing doing in Grain Bags.
Coffee firm but quiet.
No change in Oils.
Increased receipts of Quicksilver.
WEATHEB BUR 1. \ I liEPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture Weather Bureau, Ban Fravcisco, Jan
uary 15, 1696. 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
■■compared with those of Hie same date last sea
son: Eureka . last season 24.52; Red Bluff
7.54. last season 17.73; San Francisco 5.11, last
season 16.12: Fresno 1.31, last season 7.61; San
Luis Obispo 4.28. last season 16.38: Los Angeles
1.71. last season 8.41: San Dies;o 1.57, last season
5.29; Yuma .32, Last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
, Red Blurt 52, Sun Francisco 58, Fresno 56,
Independence 53, San Luis Obisj'O 56, Los Angelts
60, San Diego 58, Yuma 66.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 51, mean 54.
The weather map to-night presents some remark
able features In pressure distribution. An area of
high pressure wiili very low temperature exists
over Montana am North Dakota. An extensive
low area with the pressure below 29.5 inches over
the Northern Pacific Coast is moving inland ap
parently in un easterly direction. Within a dis
tance of 300 miles there is a difference of more
than one inch in pressure. Snow la (ailing to-night
at Portland, Spokane, Walla Walla, with tempera
tures below freezing, and rain is falling generally
throughout Oregon and California except in the
extreme southern portion. The temperature has
remained nearly stationary over California, Nevada
»nd Utah. '1 he total rainfail for this storm at San
Francisco has been 1.01 inches.
Storm southeast signals have been flying alon^
the California coast from Port Harford northward.
Forecast made a; ■-.-.:] Francisco for thirty hours
endins: midnight January 16. 1596:
Northern California— Cloudy weather and rain;
cooler in the northern portion; high southeastern
winds.
Southern California— Cloudy weather with rain in
the northern portion; stationary temperature;
southerly winds. ;
Nevada— and rain colder in the northern
portion and possibly decidedly colder Friday
morniiis.
Utah— Rain or snow; slightly cooler in the north
ern portion And possibly decidedly colder Friday
morning.
Increasing cloudiness and probably
showers in tie southwestern portion; stationary
temperr.uirr.
San Francisco and vicinity— Continued cloudy
weather wiih showers; silehtly cooler; high south
erly winds, b scorning southwesterly.
A. Me A nil Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
SEW TOBK N. V., Jan. 13.— great topic
of discussion In financial circles to-day was the
dissolution of the Morgan bond syndicate. The
dissolution of th 1 ? syndicate would have had
an Important bearing on the market for securities I
had it not been for the manner in which the head
of the combination of bankers nnd capitalists
handled the matter. Mr. Morgan's explanatory
circular, which accompanied the official notice of
the retirement of the syndicate from the field, set
at re -t any doubt that may have been entertained
that the New York bankers were not heartily in
favor of making the new loan a success.
This much being settled, Wall street returned to
its usual routine and is now concerned only in
knowing how the payments for the new bonds are
to be made without disturbance to the money
market. it is intimated from Washington that
this will be provided, but no modification of the
original circular is likely until after the closing of
the subscription books on February 5 next. The
opening of the market was strong especially for
the Internal] issues. A period of hesitancy
followed, traders being unable for the moment to I
judge the effect of the disruption of the bond syn
dicate.
London then came in as a moderate buyer of Its
fancies, and an advance of V&OVi percent fo lowed
in the active shares. Illinois Central, Rubber pre
ferred and Northwestern preferred, however,
which are rarely dealt in. gained "\' 2 per cent.
Speculation then dragged, and prices yielded
Bluntly all along the line until near the close of
business, when the industrials, especially Leather
preferred and Chicago Gas, were marked up
rapidly. Leather preferred, which has sold at
67%, rose to t>o> ■_ while Chicago Gas advanced
from 615,^ to 66.
Sugar also recovered to 102S/g after declining
from 103% to 1016%. Xbe sharp rise In leather
preferred aud Chicago Gas, which was due princi
pally to covering of short contracts, exerted a
favorable influence on the general market, which
closed firm and strong. Business, however, was
extremely li;ht, the sales amounting to only
150.000 shares. Net changes show advances of
Vi and ivj percent in the active railway list and
gains of i.g and 'Jvg in the Industrials. Sugar lost
" j< and Tobacco * i per (sent.
Bonds were strong. Sales footed up to $1,400,
--000. Chesapeake and Ohio general 4i/ 2 « rose lVi
to 75: Chicago and Kris firsts, H/i to 108; Hock-
Ing Valley consoi fives, 2to 85: Denver and Rio
Grande fours. 1 to 88; Kansas Pacific consoi sixes
ceriiti;ates, 1V 2 to 74; Kentucky Central fours, 2
to 90; Louisville and Nashville unified fours, 1 to
77: Northwest consol sevens. IV2 to 140 5 Ohio
Southern sixes, - 1 4 to 90; Oregon abort Line con
sol fives certificates; 234 to 57% ;. St. Louis south
western twos. 2to 27: st. Taut bout Minnesota
sixes, \\' to 114; abash twos. Ito 74%.
In Government bonds $40,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 116Vi@H8»4.
Grain.
FLOUn-Quiet. Barley, steady. "Winter wheat,
low grades. $2 2 :>£,:.• 65; do fair to fancy, 82 6o(ca
« 30; do patents, »3 45#X76; Minnesota clear
$-' 50@3 10; rio Straits, ?3@3 35; do patents, %'i 15
(g}4 lv; low extras. 92 2502 65 ; City Mills, S3 90
(g»4: do patents, S4@4 25. Rye mixture. $2 10®
20; superfine, 6203-20. Southern Quiet
common to fair extras, $2 10(3:2 80; good to choice
do, $2 903.3. live flour— Quiet; 42 40&. 85.
Buckwheat flour. $1 U3@l 25.
BUCK W HEAT— 3BVb&
cohnmkal— Quiet -"yellow Western. R2 25ffl
2 30: Brandy wine, <f > 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c- un
graded Western, 39@40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHK.AT - Ijull> stroil =Pr- *•"<>. 2 red, elevator,
"()ljc; atloat, 71i,4@72c; f. o. b.. "7 1 ' <•■■
ungraded red, 65fe73c: No. 1 north.-m TO 1 " . '
Options fairly active and strong at i:,(ac.' H e ad
vance on local coverings and following The West
May and July most active. No. 2 red. January
68V4C; February, ,68% c; March, 69% c; May
biSgc: June and Jnly.b6%c.
CORN— quiet; stronger. No. 2, 353/ aC
elevator: 3tJS/»c afloat. '*
Options were .lull and firm at 1 i (q.?-j r advance
May only traded in. January and February, 35S/ 8 c;
May, iJs '.!'■.
Ts--l»ull: firmer. Options dull: steadier.
January and February. 24c; March, 24i/*c; May
•"t'2 r - Spot prices: No. 2. 24V-»c: No. •_' white.
ZOV2C: No. '_' Chicago, '_T> ' .<■: No. 3,'23iAc:
No a white. 21 1 4": mixed western, 24iA@25V'C
white do and while State, 25&26 C. '
FEKP BRAX-60@62V«iC
M I DDLINGS
B1 X— Feed. UO';j •
Provisions.
_BEEF-J-Qoiet,unchanged. BeefbJUna.duU,Bl6 50
Tierced beef, quiet; city extra India mers, *15 50
@lb: cut meats, steady; pickled bellies, $5; do
shoulders, 4%c; do hams, B(#aV4c; middles, nom
inal.
LARD — Firmer. Western steam. $5 75-
City. 55 25@5 30: January, $5 70; refined'
quiet; Continent. *0 05; bouth America, Sti 35'
compound, $4 75@5. '
. PORK— Firmer, qu.f t. .Mess. if -,0 25@10 75 •
BUTTER— In moderate demand, sure dairy
lV@2lc: do creamery, is-,i j.-i .,,- ■ Western
dairy. U@l7c: do creamery. 24c: do .Tune 16
®ilV»c; do factory, !»; -3,17. : Kli?ins, 24c- imi
tation creamery. 14@19c: rolls. B(slec. •
L'HKKsK — Fairly active. state lnr"e 71/ i.
@10c; do fancy. 10c; do small, 7:f,i/(iiou,c*
Western small, fl>>i@lo>Ac: part skims, 'ihxiile'- i
full skims, 2@3c. . \Vz- ' I
EGG!*— steady. State. and Pennsylvania, 17i'.fA
39c; southern, ieV2@l'M:C; icehouse, •]s(aid<T
do. per case, ?25U(5,.< aO: Western lre.sh, iiut\H C '
TALLOW- Quiet, steady. City, 3y 8 c: country'
COTTONSEED OlL— Firm: quiet Crude. 2414
yellow, prime. 28@2SV2C: do, off grade, 27@27i/ic!
• U< )sIN — Quiet, steauy. Sfaained, common to good,
SI UO'o. 1 62^. ■
. TCKi-KNTi Firmer, 32i4@323 / ic,-
POTATOES— Kirn'; fairdemaou. .Jers<'y,So®Bsc;
Northern New Y0rk,50(&,90c; State Hose, 70&90 c:
Long Island, 85c@>$l; Bermuda, • 9206; Maine
Si lOfdil 75; Sweets. $2(a 4 7;'..
RICE— active. Domestic fair extra, 3@
65,4, c: Japan, H*A(a,A'\
iJOLAssES— Firm, fair demand.' New Orleans,
open kettle, good to choice, 27037 c.
COKKKK— Weak, 6 to 15 points down. Febru
ary, $];•( 30: March, $13 '-"J: May, $12 75012 90:
.inn.", $12 50; September, .f I'J(s.l'J 05; December
71)^.11 80. Spot Rio, dull, steady. No. 7, 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull; steady; fair refining, SVga;
centrifugal, »6 lest. 3 :i /4c. Refined, dull;
>>: t,, 43/ 8 c; No. 7 anil No. 8, 5 J-16c; No. 10,
4Vsc; No. 11,4 c; No. 12, a 15-10: No. 13, vU/ B e;
off A, 4%<s>4%c; mold A, r>i,;,c: standard A,
*:»c; fonioct.'oners' A, 4 : ;±c; cut loaf mid
f crushed, 5y 2 c; powdered and cubes, 5V8 C ; gran
ulated, 4%@5c.
lrult and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 10V4
@12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed ]895, 15c; unpeelea 1894,
4V'a(a>7c: do 1896, s:':4@Bi c. .
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, siJic.
RAISINS— London layers. 85c@?l 25; do
4-crown loose .Muscatel, 4@sc; do 3-crown, 3@
6V2C
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll@12c; do, soft-shell,
9<<VJV 2 c.
WALNUTS— Standaid, 6y»@7c; do soft-shell,
By2@ioc.
JlOPS— Quiet: State, common to choice, 3
I ©9c: i'acilic Coast, 3V2@9 C - London market un
changed.
WOOL— Moderate demand, firm: domestic fleece,
16$i!2c; pulled, 15@34c; Texas, P@l3c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, ?I'/@l4.
COPPER-Dull; Lake. 89 BC.'a.9 90.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic, $S@S 02 1 .
* TlN— Easy; Straits, Sl3; plates dull.
" SPKLTI-K— Nominal; domestic, Si..
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 15.— 1t was a case of the
tall wagging the dog in wheat for awhile this room
ins, corn by the strength it displayed carrying the
more important grain higher. As it usually hap
pens, however, the advance made on the doubtful
influence of sympathy was not maintained, prices
getting back to the position first established, but
holding reasonably firm thereat. The theory that
a substantial bull interest . in wheat Is being
created serves to intimidate short sellers to some
extent, and Imparts courage to buyers who are in
clined to go with the tide. The opening this morn
ing was steady to linn, the upturn already referred
to following, a reaction succeeding later. Liver
pool cables were quiet and firm. Receipts in the
Northwest were 410 cars against 402 last Wednes
day, and 185 a year ago. Chicago received 109
cars, and inspected out 76,101 Dushels. Russian
shipments for last week were 240,000 bushels less
than estimated yesterday. About noon anoher
spoil of strength appeared, the best prices of the
day being attained at that time, scalpers buying
with freedom. Export clearances at the Atlantic
seaboard were 251,882 bushels.- Closing Berlin
cables were Vi mark higher. Paris official quota
tions were not received. Antwerp was unchanged.
The late strength was ascribed to provisions which
were then booming. May wheat npenei from
5H3/rC to 591/2 C advanced to 6O@6oVb c < closing at
69"£((S60c, Vs<S$ 6 /8 c higher than yesterday. .Esti
mated receipts tor morrow 65 cars.
CORN— monotony of dullness in corn was
relieved this mornlnK when prices, under the im
pulse of sharp covering by a prominent local short,
advanced about %c, the force of the advance being
fell In all the surrounding train pits. .After the
demand had ceased there remained nothing to
sustain values, and they gradually receded and
lost, the greater part of the gain. Receipts were
403 cars, and 89,291 bushels were withdrawn from
store. Export clearances wore 300,705 bushels.
Liverpool cables were quiet and linn. A revival
of be firmness occurred later In the session, prices
recovering a portion of their recession. May corn
opened at 255-sC sold between 28V2C and 28&£ C
and 'J9i,-iSC, closing at 28% c, Vie higher than yes
terday.' Estimated receipts for to-morrow 650
cars.
OATS— The same operator who was active as a
buyer of "short" corn was also prominent in oats,
his position in that grain having been bearish of
late. Quite as sharp an upturn took place here as
elsewhere, with a correspondingdenreciatlon when
the flurry was over. Receipts were 166 cars. No
oats were taken from store. May oats closed y«@
140 higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morro.v 1 60 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 93c: January, 92c;
May. !(7<i:d7 l ■•'•■ Receipts were 13 cars.
PROVISIONS— incentive to buying of prod
uct to-day was found in another light run of hogs
at the yards accompanied by a further rise in
price. The strength of wheat, corn and oats dur
ing the morning was indirectly influential in main
taining the firmness. The demand became broad
and comprehensive later in the session, including
"shorts" and •' ongs," and a very Important im
provement was noteJ. At the c.0.-se May pork was
K-Vic higher than yesterday. May lard 10@12VaC
higher, and May ribs 15c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— .Tnnuarv, 671 £ 1 571 ie: May, 69;' 8 @
60c; July, 603, B e.
January, 26Vs: May, 28; 8 c; July.
29 "ic.
OATS— January, 17fl«c; May. 19"jjc.
PORK— January, $9 75; May, $10.
LARD— January. 15 50: May. ss SO.
January, *4 75: May. $5.
BUTTER— The butter market was steady to-day.
Demand w«s light and stocks liberal. Creameries—
I Extras, 23V2-: firsts, 21@22c; seconds, \b(a,2oc;
mitations, 'fancy, 16@18c. Dairies— Extras, 20c;
first*. 15(g.17c; second*. 12@13c, Ladles— Extras,
14@15r: firsts, 10(3,12c; packing stock, 10@llc;
roll. 10012 c.
EGUS— Eggs remain steady with a fair demand.
Fresh stock 16:<j,17c '& dozen.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. 15.— The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light and there was
an active general demand. Prices were about 10c
higher. The run of hogs was again light and the
buying urgent. Prices advanced 5c per 100
pounds. The sheep market was steady. The re
ceipts were moderate and a good demand existed.
CATTLE- Receipts, 12.000. Fancy beeves,
$4 70@l 85: choice to prime 300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 20@465; fair to choice steers 1200 to
1500 pounds. ?3 75@-115; common to medium
steers 950 to 1250 pounds, ?3 26igi370: feeders 900
to 150 pounds, S3 40&3 75; stockers 600 to 900
pounds. S2 60*43 40; bulls, choice to extra, S?3r£
3 60; bulls, poor to good, $2ig.2 90; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 50@3 75; cows, fair to choice,
i %2 5003 25: cows, poor to good canners, $1 65fg)
2 40;. veal calves, good to choice, $5 50(g;6 25;
calves, common to good, $3 50©5 25; Texans feed
steers. $2 35(g>l 15; milkers and springers per
head, $25(g;40. .
Hi) iS— Receipts. 25,000. Heavy packing and
Shipping lots, $3 70@3 90: common to choice
mixed, $3 65@3 87i 2 : choice assorted, $3 80(g>
3 87' •_■ : iti?iit. *3 6f)0,:-( 87%; pics, 92 90@3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000. Inferior to choice,
?2@3 60; lambs, $3 25@4 85.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3^s^: last loan at 'A%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6&7%. Bar silver, 67y 3 c. Mexican dol
lars. 53c. Sterling exchange is quiet, with
acnial business in bankers' bills at $4 87y 2 @4 87 3 / i
for sixty flays ana $4 S9(gi4 89i/i for demand.
Posted rAt«-«, $4 bß@4 xgy . Commercial bills,
$4 b6 : *,4<2iA b7Vi. Government bonds stronger;
State bonds dull: railroad bonds linn. SUver at
the board was higher. .
II 1 INH HTOClrt.
Am Tel A Cable.... 90 1 Norfolk & Wes'-... 1 3 ,!
Atch!«on 145/ 8 | Preferred. b1 
Preferred 22^4 1 North American... 4i/ 2
Adams Express. ..l4s Northern Pacific. 3
Alton. Haute. 57 | Preferred la %
American Express. lll Nonnwestern 98i/ 2
American Tobacco. Bd Preferred 144
Preferred 102 N. Y. Central 97 J
Buy State Gas 20 1 ■• N . V. Chicai?oitM.l4 13y
ilthlmore Ohio.. 41 J /2 Ist preferred 70
Brunswick Lands.. a■■ 2d preferred i! 4y 2
Buffalo, Roch &Y. 10 N. Y. &N. H 180
Canada Pacific... 533; N. Y. New Ens. 451,4
Canada Southern,. 4«3/ 8 N. Y. susq & W... 91^
Canton .Land &07/ | Preferred 25
Central Pacific... Ontario. 834
Chcs. A Ohio 15 Ontario it Western. 13Va
Chicago Alton I?>3 Oregon improving 2y 3
Preierrea 170 Preferred —
Chicago, M. A Q 7.1' Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago <S E. 111... 42i /4 Oregon Short Line. 5
Preferred 95 Pacific Mall 26
Cblcegrouas 65y 8 Peona. D.<fc Evans. 2«
Clcve A Pittsburg.lsß l'ittsburg W pfd. 100
Consolidation Coal. 29 Pullman Palace.. .lsl
Consolidated Ga5. .146 Quicksilver. iy 2
C. C. c. & St. Louis. 35 i Preferred 14
Preferred.... 85 Reading 8
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 23 RioUrande 13' '
Preferred 100 Preferred 41 '
Cotton Oil cert 2 Rock Island »>i3*/i
Commercial Cable. 140 ii?omeWat&ugdenll6i/>
Del. Hudson 1251,4 fet. L. Jt S. \V 4'/
Del.Lack«tWesternlKl | Preferred...'.. . ' 9»i
DenYer«SR.G 12y 2 'fct. Paul 6S»i/ 4
Preferred A 4 ' Preferred 12.ii/,
Distillers 16i/4 ! KI. Paul & Duluth. 27
General Electric... '-!« . Preferred 85
Erie 14%: St. Paul Omaha.. 361 A
Preferred ii.ii . ' Preferred 121
Fort Wayne ltiO {St. P. M. A-M 110
GreatNorthernpra.no. silver Certincat.. 673/ g
Green Bay.: i/ southern J'aclflc. am «
Harlem ..........280 .tsotuncrn it. X..... 9:y«
Hocking Coal 2 | Preferred "BVs
Hocking Valley... 17 bugar Refinery 102
HomestaKe 28 | Preferred. 9631
11. & Texas Cent... 1% Term. Coal & Iron. 27. r , 8
Illinois Central.... 95 ' Preferred. 100
lowa Central 8. I Texas Pacific 8
Preferred 2 7%] lo!.A.A.<t N.Mico.
Kansas <£. Texas.... 11 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... 3D
Preferred.. 25 Preferred.'. 65
Kingston & P«rn... 3 lol.St. Louis &K.U. 6
Lake Erie .t Westa I 9y 2 Preferred.... 14
Preferred 71 i Union Pacific 4
L&ice Shore 143 " lU. P.. Den. & (iult 8
Nsuonni Lead 24 V 2 L" .S. Cordage 6.y,
Preferred 83 j Preferred ]0' /4
Long Isiana 80 .' Guaranteed 21
Louisville & Nash. 45 1/ 8 C. S. Express 38
I Louisville Na<tCh. 8y 3 U. S. Leather 934
Preferred 1H Preferred BUS/a
; Manhattan Consol. 9H L". S. Rubber 2iy 3
j MempDis<t Charts. 15 ; Preferred.. 56
I Mexican Central... ' 914 Utica it B. River. .l6o
I Michigan Central.. 93 I VVnb. S. L. Ik lac. 6 3 ,4
Minn S. L, — — I Preferred. HiS /8
Preferred — t ]Well6-Fargo 95
Minn. & St. L com. 18^ Western Union.... 83*4
Ist preferred 74 Central 3V a
'.'it preferred 42i.' 2 | Wheeling & I* E.. 10fi/8
Missouri Pacific.. 245/ 8 i Preferred. 36i/g
MobileA Ohio 24 Am Cotton Oil pfd. ti4-< 4
Nashville Chatt.... 66 W U Beef 71 2
National Linseed.. 18 L I Traction 1 7 a /a
K. J. Central iß s ,iiAnn Arbor
ci^pino BOXM. i-V-*'-! *
ÜB4s.re)f iOBy iMKT2ds .. 60
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..1093, Do, 4s. . 841 A
U 4s new reg 1143. 4 Mutual Union 65.. .115
Do, 4s coupon. ..1163/ 8 N J Cent Gen 65...114y a
f °- 'i* 96 Northern Pac lsts.H4y 2
f°. , 6 « Hu/ Do, 2d5... 101
Do. la coupon.... 1121 V Do, Scis..... 67
Cherokee 4s. 1596. joo ' -Norm west" Consols. 140 Vi
i' 0 -]™' 7 } w > I>o,deb 68 107
] )O -\Z%* ....100 OR&N lsts 109
t.^ l^? 9 -..^-- lto « l L&lronMtOen6s 791/4
n ?"S « S^' 9B '"'T~ btL * SFG«n 63.101V 2
D.C.3-b6s 110 st Paul Consols ...:25
Ala Class A ...... 108 V St. P. C. APa lsts 112
T Do. < lass 84, 58 - 1 0 si /2 ! Do. Pac Cal i ß ts..loßy
La onsol .98 Southern R. R. 6s. 91'"
Missouri f undlrn: Texas Pacific firsts • 8 I 2
>. tarollnacon fis..iau Texas Pae seconds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
Do, 45..... 102 15t0f'96. 103y 8
So Carolina 4J/35... 105 West Shore 4s 105
Tenu new 82 Mobile & Ohio 45.. Htt
Ya funding debt... 60 R GranaeWest lsts 75
Do, reg Ches>£.O6s 106%
Do, deferred 65... 6y 3 Atchlson 4s 73
Do, trust rep st 6 ! I'o, "idi A 233/.
Canada South 2ds..io4i/o ! G II A 8 A 6s. 105
Cen i»ac lstsof '9s 100 Do, 2d 7s 100
Den <tR Gist 11l H & Tex Centßs..iOß
Do, 4s 86 Do. con 6a.. 104
Erie 2ds 70 Reading 4s 75%
Kansas Pa Consols 73 V 2 Missouri ba.. 100
Ks i-a ls,ts Den dlv!o6V<il
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, ENO., Jan. 15.- Ihe spot market
Is higher at 5s 5y 2 d@ss 6y 2 d. Cargoes are dull at
28s arrived.
KUTURKS.
The Produce Exch&nge cable gives the following
•Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 4d; February. 5s 4Vid; March, 6s 43 d;
April, sssd; May, 6s si/ d.
. BKCUKITIES.
LONDON', Eso., Jan. 15.-Consols, 107 5-16;
silver, 30; s d; French Rentes, lOlf 36c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Merlins Cables — 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight.... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — Par
Fine Silver, ounce — 67i/ 2
Mexican Dollars : 53Vi 64 '
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver' at this port in December
were 2904 flasks, making a total for 1K95 of 31.024
flasks, against 25,717 in 1894 and 24,227 In 1893.
PRODUCE EXPORTS.
Exports of produce and merchandise from San
Francisco in December were $3,255,000, making a
total for 1895 of 375,000, against $26,418,500
in 1894 and $34,179,500 in 1893.
PKODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at 255, nsual
options, i'he chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 64,000, against 39,800 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 43,800
ions, against 54,850; on the way to this port, 219,
--365 tons, against 188,750.
WHEAT— milling continues scarce, stiff j
and in demand, but shipping grao.es are weak and
quiet. No. 1 is quotable at $1 05@l 06!4t>ctl;
choice. $1 071/3; lower grades, 90e@$l 02y 2 ;
extra choice for milling, $1 15(j*l 18%.
iAI.I. BOABS HAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock — May — 1700 j
tons. $1 073/ 8 .
Kkoclak MOBNING Session— May — 1000 tons,
*1 071/2 : 2800, $1 073*: 1100. $1 07%.
Afternoon SESsr<» — May— 800 tons, $1 07<Vg.
December — 100. $1 12; 100, $111%; 100,
$my 2 .
BAKlEY— Futures nre lower, owing to the rain,
but spot grain shows no decline. It is weak, though,
and dull, as buyers hold oft". Feed, 68*4 @70c;
choice, 7]i/ic; Brewing, 75r<£82y 2 c: Chevalier.
$1 10@l 20 for No. 1 and 75c@iij>l %i cv for off
grade.
CALX BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— 7oo tons,
69V 4 "-; 200. 69S/ B e.
Ki'.ri.Aß Moknino Session — May— Boo tons,
eavic.
An'RXOox session— No sales.;
OATS— There is no demand 01 any consequence
at the moment. Milling are quotable at 75<&85c
fancy Feed, 85(a.90c $eU; good to choice,
75@S5c: common to fair, 60@70c; Gray, 77 ': m,
85c; Red, for seed, $1(3,1 10; Black, for seed. $1 10
<§J130: ditto for feed, 75@85e; Surprise, 95e@$l.
CORN— Is now quiet. Trices are unchanged.
Lance Yellow, 87Vj@90c; Small 'Round do, 87y<>
@9©c; White, S2i/ 2 (a,35c V ctl. !
RYE— Dull at 76(g,S0c t 4 ct).
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at 85c@$l ?» ctl, ac
cording to quality. Offerings are light and so is the
demand.
FLOCK AM) BIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The millers quote previous prices with
a good demand. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
•53 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45@3 55; super
tine, $2 40@2 50 {' bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20 %l
ton: Cracked Corn, $20 ■§>. ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
"' Ac; Bye Flour, 3 Vic: Kice Flour. 71,3 c; Corn
meal, 4 @3c: extra cream do, 3Voo: oatmeal,
3%C: Oat Groats. 41 c: Hominy, 4:aT4iii;; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3i/ 2 c: Farina,
4 Vic: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled' oats, 4y 2 c-
Pearl Barley, 4i 4 (a4> 2 c; Split Peas, 43 4 c; Green
do, 5 Vie ? It. ; - ■
HAY AND lEKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— ?I3 50'<i.]4 V ton, Jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— for lower grades up to
f2O 60 V ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley, $16@17 fUon:
OiUake Meal at the mill, $21 %4 ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY— The Hay districts have received most of
the rain, but prices are no lower. The market is
dull ana: weak in consequence, however. Wheat, i
?BalJ 50: Oat. 8&10 50: Wheat and Oat, $7 50® ;
1150 %4 ton; Barley, $7@9 50; Alfalfa, !f6(8.9;
Clover. ?6<g;B; Compressed, $7 50@ll; fcitock, $t>(<s i
7 50 9 ton. |
STRAW— 3S@6Oc ?. bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The demand for the East to forestall
the rise in freights on the 24th inst. has been satis
fied and the market is now dull again. Bayos,
$I@l 15 9 ctl: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 "^
ctl; Pea, SI 50fS>l 65; Largo Whites, $1 Js(g>l2s;
Pink, 9Oc@fl 121/3: Reds, $1 35<dl 40: Blackeye,
$1 75,'g.l 85; Red Kidney. SI -;> !a ,l 90; Llmas,
$2 50<a.2 75; Butters. $1 60@l 70 %< ctl.
SEEDS— AII descriptions are quiet and arrivals
ar« now small. Brown Mustard, 51 95@2 05 "$ ctl : !
Trieste, $2r<£2 20: Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60- !
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i/i@3i/oc '& ir>- All I
faifa 6Vi@6V2C V It; Rape, l : ; 4 ©2 c% lb; Hemp,
4c > Id.
DRIED PEAS-Nominal at $1 25@1 50 *$ ctl for
Niles. No other kinds offering.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— rule firm. Volunteer New I
Potatoes are neglected at lV2@ls.ic '■& &; Sweets,
$1 25@1 50 f* ctl for Rivers and $2®2 15 %* ctl for
Merced: Salinas Burbanks, 65@95c %l ctl: Kiver
Burbanks, 25@35c i* sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40
@70c: River Reds, 60®60c $ ctl.
onions— Quoted atßo@'joc If* ctl; Cut Onions.
66i'd75c -& ctl. " . ■ ■
VEGETABLES— New Rhubarb Is held at 10c «
D); Mushrooms. 6@l6c; Dried Peppers, 6@loc; LO3
Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@f 1; f>. box; Green Peas.
4@6c; String Beans. : Dried Okra, 12y>c; Cab
bage, 40@i0c $>. ctl; Garlic, 4@sc *$ lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $20 %i ton.
I'OILTKT AND GAME.
POULTRY— Another car of Eastern will be along
in a day or so. Domestic stock is quiet and not
materially changed, Dressed Turkeys are ne
glected.
Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers and 10@llc
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 10@13c ~$ lb; Geese,
?. pair, .$1 50@l 75: Ducks, $5@6 60: Hens, $4@ I
5: Roosters, young, $4 50®5 PO: do, old, $4@l 60"- j
Fryers, $4 60; Broilers, $4(&i4 50 for large anj
$3(gi3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 60@2 %\ dozen for
young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— The legal season for selling Ducks and
Quail closed yesterday. The market was demoral- I
ized, as arrivals were very large and the weather
was damp and close, and buyers bought only what
they thought they could get rid of yesterday.
Quail, 75( doz; Mallard, $1 50@2: Canvnsback,
¥2@6; Sprig, $I@l 26; Teal. 75c(3?1: Widgeon,
76c@|l; Small Duck, 50(&75c; Hare. 7t»c@fl;
Kabr>its, $1 25 '<$, doz for Cottontails and 75cfaf?l
for small: Gray Geese, $2; White Geese, 50@?5c;
Brant, $I@l 25: Honkers, $2 60@3; English
Snipe, l 2; Jack -Snipe, $1.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The warm, wet weather, which gen
erally weakens. the market, is offset by great
scarcity of stock, so prices remain unchanged.
Creaukiiy— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 25(226c
i* tb.
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c: good to choice, 22Va@
24c; lower grades, 18@22c.
CHEESE— Tbe shelves are almost bare and the
market is very firm. Fancy mild new, ll@iiw.c
special marks higher still ; common to good. B@loc-
Cream Cheddar. ll@12c; Yonnc America, lla,J2c :
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@13c » lb.
KGGS — There was less weakness yesterday
owing to the storm, but there was no real steadi
ness. Buyers were disposed to reduce their Dids
and sellers were indisposed to accept any lower
prices. Fancy Eastern, 23c; cood to choico East
ern, 22@22i/ c; second a, 20@21c; store Ecga. 20<ii>
22c; ranch Eggs, 23@260 %< doz. .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS -The market continues
auiet. Persimmons, 40@75c "$ box; Apples, 76c@
$1 for goon to choice, 80@65c for common 10 fmr
arm 51 25 for fancy: Siskiyou Apples, Sirdil 75
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges are In liree supply
and quiet. There is no scarcity in Lemons or Limes
California oranges, $i 25@1 76 for seedlings and
fJo 6 °/-@, 2^H a for Navels; Japanese Mandarins
$1 25fg:l 40 box; Lemons, ?I@l 50 for common
and %'2(&£ 50 for pood to choice: California Limes
75c * box; Mexican Limes, *5 60@6; Bananas, $1
(St'i & bunch; Pineapples, *2 @6 %i dozen.
DKIED FRUITS/ RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS-Dried Fruits and Raisins are
weak and neglected at the decline in carload lots.
Jobbing lots are also neglected, but they show no
decline. Honey continues dull and unchanged.
The following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
* Carload LoTs-Apples, '2^@Hc ■$ m for quar
tered. (a.,\\c VR> tor sliced and 4V 4 c V, lb for
evaporated; Peaches, B%®4e * n> and 6i:,r<i6e
for fancy; peeled in -boxes? 12c; Apricots, f &<g>
?V^cfor prime to choice. BVac for fancy and lv(«
lie •£» It, for fancy Moorpark: Fif;<, black, 2fo!2iAc
for unpressed; White Figs. 3Va@4c In sacks: Wars,
'C & It, tor evaporated halves, 4©6VbC %i ft) for
quarters; Prunes. 3s /4 c: Plums, 4c "$ lb for pit
tea and ly2@2y 3 cfor unpitted: Nectarines, s@ec
%4 lb for prime to choice and 6V2C for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Apples, 4<jg}4y a c: Peaches. 3©
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12i/!iC^
1 ruoes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c 3 lb for 40@50'»
and 6c for 50@60's; Apricots, 6@9y2C for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs,
black, I"4^2V"C; White Figs, B@sc; Pears, Hi 3 c
for evaporated' halves and 3@sy c for Quartern;
Plums, 3y 2 c for pitted and lfcjiyac tor. unpiltod;
Nectarines. 4@sc B lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DUIED GRAPES— Prices are
as iollows, carload lot-, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(3;90c f 1 box; four-crown, loose,
3 R , 4 c Q lb; three-crown, loose, 21/40; two-crown.
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3 i /i@4c: seedless Muscatels,
21£@2%&e: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Uehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2 Vic
?* U>. ■ :■._. ■-. .- . •.. :.y'- ■' '\'-j?\
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown, 2i/4@2V2C- 2-crown, 1 3 /i@2c; Soedlesa Sui
tanns, 3»4@4c; Seedless Muscuiels, 2y 3 c; H-crown
London layers, 85c@$l; clusters, SI 40@l 50:
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 .0:
Dried Grapes, 2y»c. D
UTS-Chestnuts. 6@Bc '0 U>; Walnuts. 7@Bc
?. tt> for No. 1 hard and H(a.9* 2 for softshell, job
bin? lots; Almonds, (j(0.7 1 lor J,anguedoc and
8 1 /2@loc lor paper-abeU, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c ft lb for California: Hickory nuts, s(&bc;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
Bfft9c; Brazil Nuts, 71 -.10,80 %i lb; Cocoanuts.
$4 50@5 100 ' J ±^,
HONEY-Comb is quotable at 10@12c lb for
bright and B(g.9c » Hi for lower grades; water
white extracted, s@6yoc lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi(g,4:i uark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3e.
BEESWAi_ii4@27c '# lb.
-PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Hams, Bacon, barreled goods
and Lard are dull and unchanged. A slieht fluc
tuation in Cottolene is noted. Bacon, 6c for heavy, ,
7c for light medium, 9c $ lb for light, 10c '$ lb
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, Hi 2 c %>. lb; California Hams,
' 10c; Mess Beef, $7 '$ bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9@9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 # bbl ; ex
tra clear. $14 bbl; mess, $13 $ bbl; Smoked
Beef, 2 @loc *$ tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6c
lb for compounu and 71 c for pure; pails, He; Cali
fornia tierces, 5y..c for 'compound and 6c for pure;
h»lf-bbl3, 6i,.jc: 10-lb tins, 7c: do Bib, 7@7Vic * ">•
COTTOLENE— 71/4 Cm tierces and be "# lb In 10
--1b tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- The market, though dull,
Is firm in sympathy with the Eastern markets, but
the financial question in the East tends to restrict
business. When that finally CIS settled the trade
look for renewed business. Heavy salted steers,
7c •$ lb; culls and brands, tic; medium, lie; culls and
brands. sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
-1 hides, 6@si.jc; culls and brands, 4@4y 3 c; salted
| Kip, 5c '^ lb; salted Calf, 8c V lb; salted % Veal.
! 6c: dry Hides, 10@llc f* 1!>; culls and brands, 7@
j 7y 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6V 2 c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc:
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium. is®
; 25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, I0(o>
20c each; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
' @50cench; long wool, Co(fi)7oc each. Culls of all
kinds, about i.;,c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3»i@4c; No. 2, 3@
SVic: refined, 53 /4 c; Grease, 21 •><• fi l!>- '■> "-
WOOL— Prices show no change. We quote Fall
as follows: llumboldt and Mendocino, 7@9e; San
Joaquin and Southern, 3@6c: free Mountain, 6@
7c: defective do, 4@6c 'f, lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4(a6c f% fit. Dealers report
small sales within the ranee.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Nothing doing. Calcutta Grain Bags,
June-July delivery, $4 10&4 15; Wool Bags, 24®
26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at if ß 1& ton;
New Wellington, ?8 ? ton; Sou tn field Wellington,
97 50: Seattle, ?5@5 60; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $19; Welsh Aji
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.?B; l.ock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 pi ton in* sacks. - .• ;;
I CANNED FKUIT— are quotable at $1
(3.1 OS ■$ dozen; Peaches, sl lu<<s,l SO; Pears, SI -~>
{a l 35 "r 1 dozen: White Cherries, f 2 25; Black Cher
ries, $1 75: Plums, 90c®$l.
canned VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 72y ®
77y 2 c V dozen: Peas, 83c@$l 05 V dozen.
COOt'FEE— rather firmer, but trade is dull.
Co-ta Rica— 2oc nom. for good to prime washed :
20c nom. for good; 19@19y»c nom. lor good mixed
with black beans; 17V 2 (^lßy2C nom. for fait!? 14®
IC I a c nom. lor common to ordinary.
• vaiiiir — 18' oia.20 1 ,-4' 1 nom. for fair to good
washed; 18V2(£&19ViC for good bleached and green
unwashed.
• iI'ATKMAIA Asa Mfxicak— 21 1 .s'S'Jl 1/-|C for
prime to strictly prime washed; 2Oi/4f«2o:<ic for
good to strictly good "vasbed: 18%@la%ciorfalr
washed; 16V2@18c for medium; 15(g.16V;C for
ordinary: 12y2(ail4W,c for inferior to common;
21Vil@22c for good to prime washed peaberry:
20V' 2 c nom. for good unwashed pea-berry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 100-lb cases
quotable at 6c ~? lb; 50-lb bundles, 5c ";< Id: silver
King strips, 8c "j* lb; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c 1b;
Tablets, 8c t* tt>: Seabricht Blocks. 7'ot-: Pacific
Herring, 18c 9 box: Dutch do, $lfa.l 25 0 keg;
Whitflish, $1 50 in half-bbls and $175 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, hbls— No. 1,
•?30; No. 2. $26; No. 3. $24: half-bbls— No. 1.
$12; No. 2, $10 50; No. 3, .?9 50; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2, $1 60: No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER- S4O V tiask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 90c '0 gal (manufacturers' rules); Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c: do, raw, 48c; cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, bbls, 52c ; China Nut, 39@45c %4
gal.
PETROLEUM— Starlight quotable at 21c 1? gal:
Eocene, 23c t* gal; Astral, 21c f* gal; 150° Elaine,
i 2lic per gal; Pearl, 21c: Water-white, refined,
] bulk, 16c: headlight, 175', cases, 28c; Mineral
I Seal, 300% 25i c in cases; standard, 110' fire test,
19c per gal in cases (caps), 191 30 faucets and 15c
in bulk.
GASOLINE, ETC. — 63° Benzine, bulk, We;
cases, 21c: 74° Gasoline, bulk, 17c; cases, 22c; 86"
Gasoline, bulk, 24c; esses, 29c per gal.
V.illll-; LEA »— Quoted at t>i ■••■ i? lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6y 2 c * lb.
TURPENTINE— SOc r 1 gal.
CANDLES— Granite Candles. 6s. 16 or. 1014 c;
do. 140z,9y 2 c:d0,120z,8%c:d0,100z,8V4c; Elec
tric Light Candles, 6s, 16 os, 8«4c;do, 14 oz, 8c;
do. 12 oz, 7y 2 c; do, 10 os, 6^-40: Pa-ratline Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, 14 0/., 8y 2 c;
assorted colors, same sizes, 914 c%* It..
LEATHER— but steady. Extra heavy
j Sole, 27@28cfor No. 1 and 25m 26c for No. 2: heavy
1 Sole, 27c lor No. 1 and 25c for No. 2: medium
Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2; light Sole,
26c for No. 1 and V3c m . for No. 2.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all . r >. . H '-: f>ry Granulated. Be;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A t 43' 8 c; Extra
'■ C, 4V4c: Golden C, 4 Vijc; half-barrels, '-Vic more
I than barrels, and boxes i/ 2 c more.
SYKUP-Uoldeu, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
"# "l. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Although quotations for Hogs show a fractional
Improvement dealers report the market quieter.
There is no further change In Beef or Mutton.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: • .-
BEEF— First quality, 51 ©6c; second quality,
4i/ 2 @sc; third do. Hy 2 ,: 4.- V" lb.
VEAL— Large, s@bc; small, 6(5,7c "$ ft).
MUTTON— Wethers. 6(£6i/ 2 c: Ewes, 60 if* Tb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12 l /oc; yearlings, 7c lb.
PORK— Live. Hogs, 3y 2 @36/»c for large and b^c
for small; dressed do, 6@6c © lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, $5 "$ cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45®50c
i for 7x9.
TANBARK-sl4 ■$ cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $13
an 50 for the different lengths: No. 2, $11; No.
1 Flooring, *21(g;26; Lath, 92; Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, 91 8@23; Shingles,
I common, $1 60: Shakes, $9 %*. M.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flom-.qr. nfcs 11,872 Pelts, bdls..- 30
Wheat, ctl* 110) Wine, gals 56,900
Barley, ctli 1,035 Butter, ctls , 198
Oats, Ctls 1,275 Cheese, cils 97
Potatoes, ales 782 Eggs, dos 4.390
Onions, sks 359' Paper, reams 2,120
Urnn, .mi I,oo2 Quicksilver. na»m 93
Beans, sks 550 Lime, bbls 2411
Hay. ions lß4|Tallow,ctls 48
Hides, no U26 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks were more settled j-esterday, and al
though there was no recovery of any consequence,
still the feeling was lirmer on the whole and there
was no break such as the previous two or three
days witnessed. Trading if 11 off, however, and
the market, was quiet.
The. close was lower again all around.
notks.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Con. Cal.
& Ya. will \ w held to-day.
Bullion valued at .«1600 was received from the
Mh\ Bower gravel mine.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows: Bank
of California, $3 for the quarter; Pacific Surety
Company, '2 per cent for the quarter; California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company, $1 BO lor the
quarter; Nevada Hank. $1 50 for the half-year;
Wells. Fargo <£ Co., 53 for 'he half-year. Also the
following monthly dividends: Edison Light and
Power, CO- :; r; UaUaodOaß. Mo; San Francisco
Cias, 35c; Pacilic Telephone, 30c; Sunset Tele
phone, "JOc.
The California Lumber Company has levied an
assessment of 810 per share, delinquent. Febru
ary i 5.
All the old directors of the Crocker-Woohvorth
National Hank have been re-elected, with. \V. 11.
Crocker m president.
The First National Bank has re-elected the old
directors, who have chosen tlie old otlicers, includ
ing 8. (i. Murphy for president; .lames Moilitt,
vice-president; Jumes K. Lynch, cashier aud J. K.
Moflitt, assistant cashier.
Gray Kacik <>nthe 9th they struck the rock
in the face, which raised to the top of flic tunnel.
It appeared to be n raise in lhe channel, but after
running a drift from the top they found it com
menced to pitch to the northeast, and they ran Into
some very lurge bowlders, which they have not got
throiiKh yet. They found nice-looking washed
gravel on top of the rock, mixed with the cement.
J'he channel at tins point appears to be. mukin^ a
turn north of east and the formation is changing.
1 hey are DOW getting much more washed gravel
and much larger bowlders, and the* cement is much
more firm ami solid than it has been for the last
140 feet. J'rom the very large size of the bowlders
tney are coming to an entire change in the forma
tion from whirl) they liavc passed through!
kAVAiiji— On the " 060 level the north lateral
i drift was advanced 13 feet; face Is in porphyry.
In the west crosscut from the eighth floor of the
north unrais ; at a point 25 feet back from the face
they started a north prospecting drift following a
small stratum of ore; the face of this drift is now
in ore of good quality. The south drift from the
eighth floor of the north upraise Is advanced 36
feet. The north upraise was advanced 8 feet;
total height, »5 feet; lop is in quartz. The west
crosscut started 90 feet north of the north upraise
is advanced 20 feet; face is In low grade quartz.
They continue to repair and retlmber the 7£o
level station.
Assessments J'entllng.
Following is a list of assessments now pendln?:
Delimit
Company. No. Ann. in the Sale Day.
Board.
Yellow Jacket (50 25;.T)ec 13 .Jan 22
ton. Cal. &Va 5 25.Dec 23 . Jan IB
Overman 74 "10|. Jan 2. Jan 27
Norcross.... 108 15 .Jan 10 .Feb 7
Con. New York 14 05: .Jim lOj.Feb 8
Occidental '-'1 15 . Jan 17j. Keb 10
Challenge 20 05 Jan 2U. Feb 13
Mono . 36 10.Jan30.Feb 25
.savage 8» 20. Feb 4|.i-vb •_<;
Mia. 51 10. Feb 13. March 9
Justice...."..." 60 10! . Feb 1 . March 9
Union Con 62 Hol.Febl4 .March 17
BOAKU SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday;
RKOUI.ABMpBNIN'fIHKSMON' COMW.WISU AT 9: 30.
300 Aloha .... 23,300 0cc1dt1.... (30 200 Savage... .28
150 B ttU....921r.00 .68:500 Nev 45
100 8u11i0n. ...17 350 Poto3l 53 2.10 Uni0n.... 88
100 AC 54160 54 50 37
SOOU <fcN\. 1.33
■ . . AFTFRXOON SESSION'
300 Alnhft 24 50 IKtN. . .1.35 100 Savage. ...30
200B& Jti....94 100 Mexican. 100 S Nev 48
"00 Chollar ..67 0ccidt1....71 100 Union C...37
300 CC&V...2.60 200 Uphlr.... 1.45 200 V Jactct...ltf
100 U &C......661-100 l'otosi 64] .
Following were the dales in the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
BKRiir.An SKSSinV-iiiTV
300 Alnha 241100 C0nfi....1.10 4000ccidt1....71
1000 AltA 07.500 CN V 06 2000phir1.42y 3
200 Amies... 211300 C Point. 500 Ovrmn....li>
200 8e1cher... .27 400 KxCQqr ...OS 400 Potosi 62
300 28600 O & C 54 200 .54
200 B<fcß 9: i.-» 00 55 300 Savage.. ..29
200 Bodle 41 300 H&N 1.32y 2 1500 Scorpion. .o2
400 8u11i0n....17 500 Justice.... 03 bOO S B& M...10
400 (aleda Of- 1 100 Kemck....o6'loo SNev 48
200 Challge.... Vl- 200 Mexican. . 6l 400 47
1100Choiiar..63 100 62 300 Union C...38
600 6£ 700 Occid 6S SOO 36
40UCCkV...2.4t 100 61 400 Utah 06
500 Con iin....oi ,100 70 300 V Jacltet..44
500 Oil
AITKrtXOdN" SESSION'— IS").
100 Alpha 24150 Conn ...1.10600 0ccidt1....66
1200 Alta 07600 CN V 06:400 65
3(!0 06200 C P0int... 24J200 Ophirl.42y«
100 Andes 21 700 CS & C 57 400 1.40
200 22500 58 300 0vrmn.... 19
200 Beicner... 2Bßoo 69!250 Potosi 54
600 B & B 94 400 66 500 65
200 Bodic 41J800H&N ...1.10:2400 Savage. .29
300 8u11i0n. ...17 200 Mexican. .63 400 S B& -M...11
300 8u1wer....1l 300 Mono 06 300 8 Nev....47
200 Challng«>..'<!B;2ooOccldtl.... 72^4oo 49
200 C0Y. . 2.47 900 71 200 46
900 2.50 300 70 300 Union ....37
300 Ch011ar....6!i;200 68:300 V Jacket..4s
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 15-4 p. m.
2i<t.A**rrt-\ . Bid. A iked.
Alpha C0n..... 23 24 Jackson — 40
Alia 06 07 Julia — ' 03
Andes 20 22 Justice 03 04
Belcher 27 28 KentucK. Ob 06
Best i Belcher. 93 94 Lady Wash.... — 02
! BentonUm — 40 Mexican « 62 63
Bodle 41 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion 17 18 Mono 05 '07
Bulwer „ 12 — 'Nevadayueea. 04 06
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 65 6K
Challenge Uoa. 28 29 Ophir 1.40 1.45
Chollar . 65 • 66 Overman 19 20
Con. Cal. <i Va. 2.45 2.50 I'otoai 53 54
Cou. Imperial. 02 03,bavat:e 29 30
Confidence 1.05 1.15 S-eft. Belcher... 10 11
ton. New — 06 fcierra Nevada. 48 49
Crown Point... 23 24 1 Scorpion...;... 03 —
l-:astSierra>ew — 04 Silver Hill 02 03
Exchequer. 07 08 Silver King.... 20 —
KurekaCon.... — 2.') Syndicate 02 —
Uould & Curry. 56 57 I mori Cou 36 38
Hal© Jt .N0rCM.1.35 1.40 L tab 06 07
lowa 02 O4|Vellow Jacltau 45 46
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 15-2 p. it.
T'NITKI) STATES H INI'S.
,': J.. 8i11. Asked. Mid. Asked.
V 4a coup.. 1071 — .U K4s reg...107y 2 —
'.•".'- KISCEI.LANKdVS BiVIH.
Cal-s;Cbless. — 110 !Do. 2d lss 6s. — —
CnlKlecli6s.lO6 — P<tOßy6». — 108
CntraC\Vss. - 100 P«fcCh itv 65.1021/iIOM/ 3
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 • 85 l'wl-st.KR6s. — 116Va
l-.dsnl.&l" 65.106 — Rmio.WL4L — 105
F&CHKH6S. — 108 . RiverW Co6s — 100
tiearv-stßss. — 105 -miol' .(• 1. . . 100 lU2S,i
l.osAncl,6s. — 100 ).-SFdi:NPKRSBIOOi4IOI
IJo,(.inted.6s. — 101 BPRKArIz 8a — 95
JJkt-stCble63l2(t 122 ' SPKRCaI6s..IIO —
DoßyConss..lo73/ 8 108y 2 SPRKCalfts™ — 97'/ii
NevCNgRSs. — 100 |SPBrKCal6s. 96V« 9H3/
N PCKR6s.lO3i'2 — SV\Vater6s.. — 121V 2
N Itv Cal 65.100y 3 — SVYVater4s... PBii 98" 4
NRy Cal 63. — 103 Stktni;*K«-» — 103
Oak Gas 55..104 Vi — SunstTifcTßs. — 100
Do. 2d iss 55.104V 3 — Sutter-2tKss. — 110
Omnibus 65.. 118 3 /.i1193i Visalia\VU63 — 92
PacKollM6s.. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 46 4(5 jSan Jose 76i£ 96
MarinCo..... 49 65 ISpriugValley 9tiV2 87
GAS STOCKS.
Capital - 40 (Pacific Light. 46 60
Central 95 — San l-'rancsco 71 71 3 ,4
OakGL&H. 60 5114 Stockton — 21V
l'ac as 1 7y ' '2 80 ] /4
INBUKA.VCK STOCKS.
IlremansFd.lso — |Sua 56y 3 —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — !LonrtonP*A.l27s 4 130
Aiiglo-Cul ... 69V 2 62 |Lomlon<fcSi>\ — ' 30
Bunk of Ca1.. 229 — {March Ex.... 121 — *
CnlsmtTCo.. st> — Nevada;..... — —
FintNattonl.l76 182". bather B CO- — —
Grangers ... — — I -■•.,:..:;,
BAVINOS BANK ST >(I<j.
6etßdtLCO.}4oa 1520 |Sav<fcLoan.. — 150
HumbS.SL.IOOO — Security 210 250
Mutual 35 Onion Trust. — 830
bFSav Union — : 490 | "
STHK.ET RAII.ROAn STOCKS.
California.. ..los — Unk.sL&llay — 103
lieary-st 60 70 |l-resluio 5 —
Alarket-5t.... 44 1 / i 447' B Sutter-5t...... — —
J .'»; : ; V POWIiKB ht<ick-«.
Atlantic D... 15 — |Judson „' — —
California — . 98 Vigont. 600 90c
Glanu — 19 '
mi!scei.i,a>;koiis stock*.
Alaska Tkrq. 97 100 OccanlcSSCo 15 23
BlkDCoalCo. — . 10 I'acAnxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pac I& X Co. — 30
KdisonLlgnt. fe6>/g 96y 3 Pac 801 l Mill 221/ i —
(iaaConAssn. — — |ParfPaintC<J. 4 7y
HawC-ASCc 7% PacTransCo. — 25
HutchSPCo.. 12% I3y PacT A- 65 —
JudsonMfgC. — ' — 'Sunset T.. 40 —
UtrKxAssnlOO 110 |UnitedCCo.. — 26
MOKNtN'U KIHSIOV. *
Board— ls Edison Light & Tower Co, 96.
AFTERNOON HKSSfOV.
Board— 2o Bank of California. 229: $3000 Mar
k<'t-st Hallway Con f>'i Bonds, 108; 25 S V Water,
97: IB do. s 30, 95%: >2000 S V 6% Bonds, 121;
$2000 B V. 4% Bonds. 9ay 3 .
fHE CALIi CALEXDAB.
January, 1896.
Su.| M. Tu. W. Th.
1 2
587 8 9
12 13 14 16 16
19 20 21 22 23
26 27 28 129 30
I Fr. Sa.
3 4.
10 11
17 18
24 26 j
31. '
(7*\ Last Quari
v *- / January
*i\ Ncmt Moon.
*m/ January j4
Moon's I'hases.
3 Firs: Quartei
y-*>J January
,<*£, Full Moon.
January 30.
OCEAN STKAJIERS.
Dates of Departure Irom San Francisco.
BTBAMKR. | DKSTI X A TIO V |
S \ I 1 -i
( PIKR.
bt Paul
Peru:...
Pomona
Arairo.
Point ix>iua.
Corona
CltyPanama
Columbia.
H0mer..,.,.
City Sydney
.Del one
Eureka .....
CityPuebla..
Australia
ftma itouu.
F»r*uon. ...
Plate of i a
1 Newport
China <fc Japan
; Humbotdt Ilay
| coot Wav ..'.
i Grays Harbor.
Kan Diego
] Panama
; Portland..
i Coos Bay
I Panama : ,
(Jrays HarDor
Newoor: ;
I Vie & Pet Sncl
i Honolulu ;
San Diego..."..
i aaulna Bay..
Portland;......
Jan 16. Dam Pier 11
.Inn 18, 3pm I'MSS
Jan 18. 'ir-a Pier 9
JanIMOAM Pier 13
Jan 18. 4pm Pier 2
Jan IH.IIam Pier 11
.lan 18,12 m P MS 8
Jan 19.10 am Pier 24
Jan 19.10au Oceanic
Jan 20,12 jj PUSS
Jan 20. 3pm
Jan 20, Dan Pier 11
Jan '2o. 9am Pier 9
; Jan 21. 10am Oceanic
Jan 22.11 am Pier 11
Jan 23.10 am Pier 2
Jan '-'4.10 am Pier 24
STJK.4MKKS TO AKEIVK.
Stkamkr I From | Dub
Willamette Vai. : Mexico
City of Sydney. Panama ..
Columbia. j Portland
Empire Portland.
Mexico | sun Drezo ...............
Cltvof r mania. . | Victoria «fc I'ueot. bound
Mnriiiosii ; Sydney.....
Araeo. Coos 8ar .................
Mackinaw 'Comox
.P0m0na......... dumboidt Bay../
Point jlo ma..... lirays Harbor
Arcata.. Coos ]>ay ;
Willamette \ Departure Bay
Kuretit. : Newport.....'
Pun Bias : : Panama
Del N0ne....... Drays iiarnur
Homer.. .Coos itav .....;.
HiMitn Kosa. i t<an Dieg0.. ..............
Crescent City... Crescent City ........
South Coast..... ■ Portland. ".
Slate of Ca1..... i Portland.. .•
Farallon ! Vaoulna Bay
Wall* Wa11a. ... Victoria & Puget Sound
5tPaui. ......... ■ Newport.
Alice Ulancnanl i Portland
Coptic... China and Japan
..Jan Hi
..Jan IB
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
: ..Jan 16
; ..Jan 16
...lan 16
..Jan 16
I ..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 18
..Jan 18
..Jan 18
..Jan 18
..Jan 1H
j ..Jan f 2O
' .".Jan '20
. ..Jan 21
..Jan '.'1
: ..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jau '."2
.Jan 22
] ..Jan '22
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
t
=
18.
17.
small. ' Large. Small. | Large.
2.01 a 0.12P 6.344 i 7.09p
2.35 a 0.54a1 7.21 aI 7.3« i»
Sets
It?:
I 6.1
! ft.l
i 7.15 a
'i H.lsa
HYDKOUKAPHIC liULLKTIN.
Branch IIvDRonRAPKic Off-ick., V. S. N. ")
Mkrciiants' Kxciianok. V
Ran- Pkancisco, January 15. IR9R. J
The time ball on Telegraph irili was dropped
exactly ut noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FKCHTKLKIt,
Lieutenant V. S. X.. in charge.
MilfPlMi IMJhJI.I.iOtNCJ-J.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, January 15.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckmann, 15 days from
Panama; mdse, to Panama SteamshlD Line.
ship \V ynnstay, McEryde. 83 day a trom New
castle, NSW : 2400 tons coal, to li B Hogue.
M-hr Cilendale, Johnson, 13 days Jrom Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
bchr Western Home, Johnson, 1 2 days frm Coos
Bay ; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared*
WEDNESDAY, January 15.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Goodall. Per
kins <fc Co.
Bark Knfus E Wood, ilcLeod, Nanalmo; John
Rosenteld's Sons. . -;■. ■.-,■■■
Hark s> C Allen. Thompson, Honolulu; Welch
CO, -.' i _ :\ ,
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, January 15.
Xlc stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Stmr Umatilla, Green. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS- January 15-10 ph— Weather
thick: wluu SE: velocity 30 miles.
. Charter*.
The brlc Consuelo loads mdse for Mahukona;
Dark Martha Davis, mdse for Honolulu.
SpoKen.
Per Western Home— Jan 12— Las 38 47 N. long
11! 4 10 \V. .schr Lucy from Umpqua, for San Pedro.
_ Per Bralii]) Wynnatay— the equator. Ion? 12'J
.55 W, Br ship supposed to bo Br »hip .sierra Pe
drosa, from London, for San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Jan 14-Schr Hoy Som
ers, for San Francisco. .
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr South Coast,
hence Jan 1 1 via Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGKLK.S— Jan 15-Stmr Al
cazar: Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— sailed Jan 16-stmr Del
None and schrs Fanny Dutard, Laura May and
Arthur I, for san Francisco; schr John F Miller,
forltedondo; schrs Dora Bluhm, Gem.U AThayer.
Norma and stmr Point Loma, for San Francisco;
sell/ LaGironde, for Kedondo.
Arrived Jan 15— Schr Chas Hanson, hence Jan
14. :•;■■,'..,.
REDOXDO-Salled Jan 14-Stmr Westport, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Jan 15-Stmr Tillamook.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK-Arrived Jan 14— Ship Centennial,
from Baltimore, to load for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
ANTOFAGASTA — Arrived Nov 26— Bark Pa
cilico. from Port Blakeley.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 12— Br ship Brodick
Castle, from Shanghai, to load for San Francisco.
LONDON— Jan 14— Br bark Kavens
court, to load for San Francisco.
WKSTPOBT— Arrived Jan 12— Br bark Orthes,
from Portland. • ...
VALPAR A ISO-Sailed Dec B— Ger bark Rohliia,
for Port Townsend.
aCAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 14— Stmr San Bias, for
San Francisco.
Movement* or Trans- Atlantic Ste»mur*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan Stmr Furnessia,
from Glasgow.
Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr Westernland, for Antwerp: slmr Wi-rra. for
Naples and Genoa: stmr Paris, tor Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON- Arrived out Jan 15-Stmr St
Paul.
• Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for New
York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 15-S:inr Spaardam,
for New York.
LIZARD— Passed Jan 15— Stmr Ems. from New
York, for Southampton and Bremen ; stmr Prussia,
from New York, for Hamburg; stmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
I'RAWLE POINT— Jan 15-Stmr H H
Meier, from New York, for Bremen.
BROW HEAD— Passed Jan IG-Stmr Britannic,
for Queenstown and Liverpool.
P OFFICE FURNITURE
AND FIXTURES.
C. F. WEBER & CO.,
300 to 306 Post St. cor. Stockt.n
(^j-^^^^irgfr OFFICE and f>
J^S^iLJL-illgj TYPEWRITER, JES
■^}T """■"'jfll^j 157 New Montgomery TT
Two In One. ' Street, S. F. £5
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO— —
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 63. 00
Second Class- .^SOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Oew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PEBKINS & CO..
General Agent*.
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 19
State of California sails January 24 '
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Henl. Supts.
F. V. CONN OK, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COBPASY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A|4,
Broadway whir", Han Francisco, as -JUoJiK
follows:
For Mary Inland, Lorin?. Wranßel. Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo and Bitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 15, 30, j
Feb. 14. ,
For Victoria anil Vancouver (B. C). Port Town- :
•end, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes anil New ]
Whatcom (BelllnKham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v. ■
Jan. b, 10, 15, 'JO, 25, 30, and every fifth I
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma' with N. P. K. ?••• I
at Seattle with O. N. Ky., at Port Townsend with I
Alaska steamer*. j
For Kureka, A rcata and Fields Landing ( ll urn- j
! boldt Bay) str. Pomona, .2 r. m., .lan. 'J, 6. 10, 14,
; 18. *2, '26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter. ;
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
! Port narford (Ban Luis Obispo), Oavlota. Santa j
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, Ban Psdro. Kast San •
Pedro (Los Anseiesi ana Newport, nt 9 a. m.. Jan.
4,8. 12, 16, '20, 24, '28, and every lourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port HarforA !
! ' (San Luis Obispo), - Santa Barbara, Port Lot j
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. li., Jan. 'i, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every i
lourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz, Altai* and Guayaias (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. h.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
COfIPIfijnEGEVERILBTRAISATLAIETiqnB
French lAne to Havre.
pOMPANY'.s PIER (N8W).42 NOHTH >E»««
\. River, fool of Morton st. Travelers by £533£
this lino avoid both transit by English railway a.T.i
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. ltupe
January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
.....January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. I'oirot
January 25,
LABODRGOGNE, Capt. Leboeur ..
. .February 1
JS~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, A gpnt.
, t, ,,-". r7" 0 \? t Bo "' Green, New York.
J. t. *UGA/5l & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ
STEAMERS LEAVE A9PINWALL AMU
fortnightly for the West Indies and *^SSm
Southampton, calling on route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treag-
01* to direct ports in England and Germany. I
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
llua, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
VAB.ROTT & CO., Agents,
. 306 California at.
VALLEJO KM MARE ISLAND.
STK. MONTI CELLO,
Pally, except Sunday— lo a. M., « km.
Sunday— B r. »c , -
<. landing* Miision 1. ritr a.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
OCEAMC STEAMSniP COIPAIY.
.^-^agsa&h. • Coolcardie (jold fieMi
j/fs&ZIQ m (Freemantle). Austra-
Mnk.w',,,' Ii!l : *--0 lir « class,
mr™ nOr^nlJ. $1 10 steerage, lowest
jE£gffs4f^&^SS>tgpJr rates to Capetown,
STOP/ •)^^-l» \i^ steamship Australia,
BH7 ♦*< ' U \^A Honolulu only,
Y&k\ , ytflaßiß' JBm Australian steamer,
>«^S r C^^»^r^ Honolulu an 1 Aick-
Ppkcial Parties — Reduced special rates for
parties Feo. 6 and ir», 18.» H.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 3:27 Market street-
J. D. BPBECKEJJ3 & BROS., General Agents.
STOdTOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 F. 31, Daily, Except Sunday.
j|ES~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephona.
STtAJIKK :
T. C. Walker. V ;" ' J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton,
Telephone Main SOS. CM. Nay. and Impt. Co
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN IM.UIFIC COMPASTT.
(TACIFIO BY.STEM.)
TrMln* lettrc mid m-»« duo to Hirltr sit
NAN UIANdMO.
leavb — FnOM yovEMDEB 20, 1305. — Ar.r.iva
6:30 a Harwards, Nile 3 and Way Station*.. JO:i.%a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, ogilcn end i:ast.. S: 15*
*:00Ai;cnida, Vr.caville, Ilnmaer. Sacra-
mento, and i>dding via LlaTis. . . . 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis- .
toga and Santa Bon C:l.lp
■:UOAj»ilcK, San Jose, Stockton. lone.
■ Sacramento, Marys villo, Red Dlulf
ami Sundays cxccptcd Oro^illc... 1:1 Sr
•»:30APetcr3 and Milton •T:l. p
O:OOa Ran Leandro, ft Way Sfns 11:1."> a
U:OOaLos An^ekj Express, Kaymond,
(for Ycstmite), Sauta L'arbara </•■•• ■•-
„„. ami Los Angeles 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:43 a
1():>M)a San Leaodro, IliywirdaandNilea . l:!.1p
ia:OO-,i San Leandro, Hay wards &. Way St/cs *J: 1-1 •
1 Nilea, San Jcseand Livcrmoro M:15».
*l:OOp Bscramento luvrr Steamen. '»:00p
1 ::sOp Port Costa and Way BUtiona |7: IS
3:00r San Leandro, Haywards&WaySt'ua 5:43p
-S:O'Jp Ban Lcacdro, IlayTrardat Wayf;t'ns C:43*
4:OUp Martinez, Ban Ramon. Vallcjo,
Napa, Calistoga, El V'erauo ana
SantiiKosa •il3 a
■•:•♦* Benlcia, • Esparto, Woodland. , ■.
A Knigbts Landing, Marysville,
- OrOTiHe and Sacramento 10: 1.14
4:80r Niles, Sau Jose, Lircimore and
.Stockton 7:15*
»:OOp Pin Leandro, JJaytvardatWaySt'ns 8:43r
3:30 - New Orleans KxpreEs.rresiio.Balccrir-
(icl.l, Santa Koruara.J'OS Augcli-3,
Deming, El Pa3o,i^cw Orleans and
East fie.JSA
3:30p Santa I'o Route, Atlautiu Express
fur MojaTo aud East 1 0:43 a
6:OOp European Mail, Ogdou p.nd East.... O:J5a
•tOepHaynards, Miles aud .San .lone l:tr>\
J7:«)(»p Vallcjo IT:i3p
7:OOp OrcK'ju I'.iprpsa, Sacramento. Marys,
ville, Redding, Portland, Pugct
Sound and Kaat 10:45 a
7:00p San Leandro, Haywardst Way St'ns lO:3Op
«:OOp SanLcandro.aayward2&WayStns tt l"-i:eOA
<;iO:»sp "Sunset LtaiJteU," Fresno, LO3
Angeles, El Paso, New Oilcans
andEact §IV:I5»>
ttll»lBr'8a;-. Leandro. Hay Way ?:13a
SAM' A (111 Z DIVISION (Narrow (ian^o).
Hxl3a Newark, CeiiteTville,.Saii.lo9o.Felton, "*
l>oulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5t3»l
•2:15p Newark, CenferTille. San Jose. New
Ahnaden, Felton, I'.ouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • 11 :20 a
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los (<atos U:3oa.
t11:43r Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jcsc and
; Way Stations.. ' t7:2o>
COAST lUVIMON (l iiinl A Townseiul Kls.)
U:4sa Sail Joso ami Way Stations (New "
Almadcu Wednesdays only), 1:13*
•:13a San Jose, Tres linos, Kaii ta Cruz,
l'acilic (.rove, Paso Robler, Han
Ellis Oiispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipnl Way .Stations 7:0.1 p
10:40 a San .10-ic and W»y Stations A:Oflp
11:4.1 a Palo Alto nnd Way Stations 3:30»
*a:3Or San .lose, Gilrny, Tres Pinos, Santa
- Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and PaciUc
Grore *IO:4Oa
•3::iOp Baa Joso and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:30i-San Jose ami Way Stations *»:00»
.■>:3O;' Ban Jose anil "Way Stations •8:4.H»
6:30p San Jose ami Way Stations <>::t.i\
<11:45 i' San .Togeoml Way Stations <7:4.'i|.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mxCISCG— Foot of Market Strest (Slip 8)
•7:1« <J.,0 11:00 a.m. Jl:fl3 *2:CO 13:G(
•i:O3 JE:OO *6:oopji.
f rom OAKLAND— Foot «f Broad — *6 : oo 800
10:00 A.M. JI2:CO •1:00 *S:80 *3:CO ±1:00
*5:00r.M. ■
A for Morning. for Afternoon
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
! Sundays only.
■■M Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
VTuesdays and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Thunday*
SMFRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK BAY ? _7:4O, 9:20. 11:00 a. I*.; 12:»\
3 ° < 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-K.xtra trip
TV, 3( i p - M - Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s#
and 11:30 p. m. :301 11:0 ° *'"-' 1:30> 3:3<V .
BUi>DAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3« L.
o :00, 6 :20 p. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco. '
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a «•
18:45, 3 40, 6:10 p. sc. Saturdays-Extra trip*
lit 1:55 p. m. and 6:33 P. M. v
Bt7NDAYB-8:10, 9:40 ' 11:1 a. k.; 140 3:4*
6:00,6:25 p.m. '' ; » .- -.- '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park »mt
schedule as above.
Le * ye Tn offPf t Arrive ~*
Ban Francisco. oct! 28. San Francisco.
7:40 am 1 8 :00am Novato, 10:40 am, 8-.50 aj<
8:30pm|9:30 am ! Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm|s:oo pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 m
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 a»
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3 :3ofm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
I Pieta. " ~~"
7:40 AM) 1 Hopland &
8:00 am Ulciali. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 a m < 10:30 am"
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
»:30 PM |__ 6:15 pic
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 a ic
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm, 6:16 pm
I Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 8:00 AMI s -, bastonol 110:40 AM 10:30 AM
3:3opm 6:00 I & ba Btopol- | 6:08 6:13 m
Stuges connect at San Rafael for Bo! mas. ~
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Btaftes connect at Pleta "or Highland Spring^
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at TJklah for Vichy Springs, Bln«
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bras?, Usal. Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Llvely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
Mid E ure lea.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ttckatsac redno**
rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* t* all points b*>
fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bniMlngv
H. a WHITING. B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pus. Ageat.
"^^^> Atlantic
'^^^m Pacific
J^S^^^SE rralns letlvp 'rom and arrlr*
at Market-Street Ferr/.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Llne
via Kansas City without ZhL?±'¥? n £ Cnlca -'«
Denver and St. Louis. ' Annex cari iot
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dlnln* r«».
nnder Harvey man«. K ement. Connect"
leave San Francisco at 9a. v. and 3-30 d r . H , ° *
The best railway from California to the Fa,
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting fn,,^
jndgood meal, in Harvey', dining-room ordln'n^
' Ticket O<flc«-G44 Market Street,
Chronicle .Building.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sau§alito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October •>* IH9\
WEEKDAYS. *
For Mill Valley and San-Rafael— 7:30, 9-15 li-oa
a.m.: 1:45,3:45,5:15, 6:30 p. m. '
San Quentin-7:30, 9:16 a. m.: 1:46, 5 16 f m.
Kxtra trips for San Raf»fl on Mondays, \v«iin>»
days aud Saturdays at 11:30 p m ' ■"»«»
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, £an Rafael and Man QtifinMi.—
8:00. 10.00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:30. 3:0074:30 2fl?il
v. M. '.Does not run to San Quentln. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekday*— (azadero and way stations.
1:45 P. v. Saturaaya-Tomalea and way station*
•:Q0 a. U. Sunday i- f olat lleyes ana w*7 itjiWoa*Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
COLEMAN LEFT NO WILL
The Late Capitalist Was Not
Nearly So Wealthy as
Was Supposed.
iYALA DID NOT LEVANT.
The Trial of Uncle George Bromley
Is Set Peremptorily for Next
Saturday Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 15. )
John TV. Coleiuan did not die a rich
man and did not leave a will. To-day a
petition as filed in the Superior Court
stating that his estate will aggregate a
value of less than $200,000. The figures of
the widow, Julia M. Colemcn, value the
estate at $170,000, including valuable per
sonal effects, and she asks for letters of ad
reiuistraiion, as there is no will known to
exist. he petition recites that the entire
estate is community property.
It is set forth that the personal property
of the estate, consisting of stocks, bonds,
notes, cash and the animals and improve
ments on the ranch in Napa County, is
worth $50,000.
The real property is worth 1120,000. The
largest piece is the N'apa County ranch.
' ting of 6000 acres, and valued at
* ). It is now being farmed on a
lease. The next item is the lot at the
northeast corner of Bush and Eiphth
streets. This is the family residence, and
is valued at $50t\'i, and is at present rented,
as the family reside in S;in Francisco for
the winter. There is an undivided in
terest in lots :n Redwood City valued at
i . and there is also B lot in Kansas
City upon which a value ol ..iced.
The heirs are H*rry 1 .. ; aud
Jessie Golem an, eon and daughter of the
deceased, and the petitioner, who is the
widow.
The ligures are somewhat of a surprise,
as it was thought that Mr. Coleman was a
maire. The matter will be heard in
co::rt January I' 7.
A Mock Trial.
OAKLAND. Gal., Jan. 15.— The Unity
<"lub'a mock trial at trie Macdonough
■ :i January 18, is progres.-ing
merrily. Uncle George Bromley is to be
■"or steal:- : Many promi
nent people have consented to take part,
as follows: Defend
ant, lieorge T. Bromley; plaintiff, Mrs.
Janette B. Cocbrane of Santa Rosa; iudge,
Hon. G. Nye: clerk, Robert
rjje Hunt: court re-
Phil M. Walsh: prosecuting attor-
Major Fred K. Whitney; associate
el for prosecution, Fred 8. Siratton;
ley for defense, Dr. George C. Pardee:
ate counsel for defense, Sam P. Hall ;
Sullivan, applicant for citizenship,
Alex. Rosboroogn; panel from which
• jurors will be chosen — P. M. Fisher,
Martin, T. L. Harber. .1. F. Towle,
A. 1.. Nye, Phil Kemillard, Georse "Whea
too, O. A. Chase, S. M. Everett. Will Ham-
J. .1. Valentine, Hugh Hamilton, C.
O. Bingham, J. Cal Ewlng, John Russ,
George Grant, J. \V. Kelson, F. W. Van
:-ickien, J. A. Folger and J. E. Johnson.
No Belief for Gill.
OAKLAND, Cal.. .Tan. Judge Ells
worth handed down a decision to-day in
the case of Edward Gill against the City of
Oakland to recover $2405 on account of a
payment under protest upon the supple
mental assessment for the opening of Fil-
L-ert street. Gill cannot recover and the
city is awarded the costs of the suit.
Gill's property was necessary for the
FtrMt opening, and he was awarded $6000
benefit. It was afterward found that there I
was a deficit of $5000 and a supplemental I
assessment was made. Gill was assessed
$2405 of this amount, and when the Street
Superintendent advertised his property for
sale, he paid under protest. His protest,
however, was of no avail.
A Brief Will.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— The will of
J. M. D. Green was hied to-day. It con
sists of a memorandum as follows:
Being about to start on a journey, and in
case any accident should occur or'that my
death should take place before my return I
herewith state and desire that in thu't event all
my possessions should be given to Mrs. Sarah :
1.. Trotter, and by addressing Mrs. H. A. Sri- !
gam, Minneapolis, Minn., her whereabouts
may be learned of.
Witness my hand this 10th day of May, 1595
at Oakland, Cal. J. M. I). Green. '
The estate known to petitioners is esti
mated at $2100.
A Young Woman Takes Poison.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Annie C.
Paul, a young married woman, -was found
in her rooms on Clay street to-night un
conscious. As there, was an empty lauda
num bottle on the table it was suspected
she had taken poison. She was removed
to the Receiving Hospital. After being re
lieved of the laudanum Mrs. Paul said she
had no intention of committing suicide
and had merely taken the drug in her
mouth and had spit it out. She was able"
to walk home and her story that she had
mistaken the bottle for something else was
probably true.
Partners Fall Out.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 15.— R. Glinka
and J. "Wundsch were congenial partners
in the tinware business, on Broadway, a
few months ago. To-day Glinka is trying
to convince Judge Frick that Wundsch
should be made to pay $3000 because the
latter called him "a robber, a thief and a
scoundrel." Tart of the libel is said to
consist of languaee used in a cross-exam
ination in a recent case in the Justices
court, and an effort is being made to pre
vent it being used as evidence. The case
attracts more than the ordinary attention
of the lower Broadway merchants.
Medical Society Election.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 15.— At a meet
ine of the Alameda County Medical Asso
ciation last evening the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, Dr. J. S. Eastman; vice-president,
Dr. S. H. Buteau; secretary, Dr. Mary W.
Knox; board of censors — Drs. Charles m!
Fisher, .1. Maher and W. a. Rowell
judiciary committee— Dr.«. J. S. Adams'
A. H. Pratt, J. H. Todd, N. K. Foster and
J. L. .May on.
Burglaries and Robberies.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— Early this
morning a burglar was frightened from a
boarding-house at Eighth and Castro
streets after stealing $3 from the pockets of
one of the roomers. The thief was seen
but made his escape. *
A Chinese was arrested this morning
with eighteen good, fat hens in his posses
sion, and as he could not account for them
he was taken to the County Jail.
Endeavor Work.
OAKLAND, Cat... Jan. 15.— Ala
rucda County Christian Endeavor Union
Till hold an important meeting and a full
attendance is requested. Among other |
business to come before the meeting will j
be the choice of a. meeting place for the '
March convention, the arrangements for j
the programme, the nomination of officers
for the next term and the project of taking
the Congregational Orchestra to Jose.
A Load of Suits.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 15.— The Cali
fornia Improvement Company riled 124
suits to-day against property-owners on
Kichth street, from Market to Peralta. The
suns are filed to save legal rights, as the
street work is at present in litigation on ac
count of alleged violation of specifications.
Hard on Crap Player*.
OAKLAND, CiL,, Jan. 15,-Six colored
n v n m? ln « thC , Police <*>** this after "
aS, ged Uh Paving-craps." They
i^co l> *T mi i SSI< i W forfeit their bail of $10
B*2; Judge Wood said that as the o
•1" ? r 1 tr - v ' n « t0 breaK up gambling, lie
intended to assist them. He offered to
ict t.:em go on payment of $25 tine or for
itit bail i and go to jail for five days. They
accepted the latter proposition.
Did Not Disappear.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Jan. 15.— Manuel de
Ayala, who has been credited with disap
pearing, misappropriating money and sun-
Ory other illegal acts, has at last* been
heard from. He denies indignantly all the
charges made against him and has sub
mitted a report of his trust a's executor of
fcnearnacion de Ayala. He has paid all
demands to date and there is very little of
the estate left.
Marie Wninu-riglit Coming.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Jan. 15.— Miss Marie
Wainwright come? to the Macdonough
next Jlonday for three nijrhts. The sale
of seats be-ins to-morrow -(Thursday), and
a lively Bale is looked for. The repertoire
will be: "The Love Chase," Monday:
"The Unequal Match," Tuesday; and
"Camille," Wednesday.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Jan. 15. j
City Veterinarian Pierce found two horses
suffering from glanders this morning and or
dered them shot.
The Reliance Wheelmen elected officers last
night and held a banquet. They will join the
League of American Wheelmen.
The improvements now being made at the
Oak-land Trotting Park will be completed by
May 1. Racing will commence in June.
The trinl of K. McFadden, charged with stuf
fing the Alameda school census, will begin on
Thursday. About fifty witnesses have been
subpenaed.
The memorial of the City Council In favor of
the passage of the mining bills now before Con
gress was introduced into the United States
Senate yesterday by Senator White.
Tljp Young Men's Christian Association ath
letic department is much interested in basket
ball. A game between the local and the San
Francisco teams will be played to-morrow
night.
The Police Court? has issued another attach
ment for ,T. A. Wagner. lie has been uptime
and again for not supporting his minor child,
but each time has been allowed to go. It is
reported that he has left the State.
Al Stein, a driver for the National Bottling
Company, met with a painful accident this
afternoon. He was returning from Alameda.
and as he drove off the Park-street bridge his
wagon struck a chuckhole, throwing him vio
lently to the ground.
Judge Ellsworth to-day gave judgment for
the plaintiffs in the salt of Buruham. Stande
ford & Co. against W. J. Ramage of Haywards
for ?125. To« suit was brought on a* claim
that Kamage had illegally seized a refrigerator
belonging to the plaintiffs.
J. 11. Whitham made a bad investment when
he borrowed .$10,350 from Mary K. Wright ana
purchased a one-eighth interest in the shin
ping firm of Wright, Bowne & Co. in ISS4.
All he has to show for it is ($25 shares of stock
in the concern, which is insolvent.
Mrs. Kiernan, who «as thrown from an elec
tric-car at Fourteenth avenue and Nineteenth
street last Friday, is still in a precarious condi
tion, Dr. Larkey cailed this morning and
dressed the injured shoulder. He found the
patient in a very weak condition. Owing to
hey delicate condition Dr. Larkey lears that the
accident may terminate fatally.
The rainfall of the present storm up to this
morning, as reported by San born, was .88 of an
inch. The precipitation for the season amount
ed to 5.71 inches, as against amounts for pre
ceding seasons as follows: 1880-90, 25.31
inches; IS9O-91, 4.37 inches; IS9I-92, 0.10
inches; 1892-93, 13.28 inches; 1893-94
9.59 inches; 1594-95, 22.25 inches.
The funeral of Hugh Dimond, the well
known capitalist, will take place from his resi
dence, at Upper Fruitvale, to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock. The remains will be borne to the
Church of St. Anthony in East Oakland, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
at 10 a. m. interment, which will be private;
will be in Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco.
ALAMEDA`S NEW LIBRARY
No Decision Arrived At as to the
Proposition to Erect a
Building for It.
Unusual Preparations Being Made to
Dedicate Alameda's New
City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 15.— The library
trustees have come to no decision about a
plan for a temporary building in which to
nouse that institution. Five plans were
submitted and discussed, but all of them
were found to exceed the price set for the
limit— s2soo. A consideration of the plans
and a discussion of the project disclosed
the fact that the city trustees are opposed
to the proposition of erecting a temporary
building. It will squarely face the new
City Hall, and some of them think it will
contrast ratner too unfavorably with that
imposing pile. The library trustees affect
to be indifferent as to whether the munici
pal Trustees approve or not, and express
their determination to go ahead at all
events. There is little cordiality between
the two boards. Ever since the municipal
board lent its aid to oust the library board
there has been a lack gf good feeling and
it is cropping up in this matter quite
plainly.
A Dedication.
ALAMEDA, Cai.., Jan. Alameda is
to have a great frolic on the occasion of
the formal occupancy of its new City Hall.
That is to take place January 28. The
great building will be "thrown open" in
the most approved style, and a high social
function will be held. The building will
be brilliantly lighted from top to bottom,
and the citizens will be afforded the oppor
tunity of inspecting it and ascertaining
how their municipal servants are hence
forth to be housed. A band has been en
gaged for the occasion. An immense
room, eighty feet long, designed for the
public library, but not put to any use, will
be cleaned and waxed for a ballroom.
There will be a programme of speeches,
interspersed with music. City Clerk Lam
born has the matter in hand as the execu
tive officer of the committee of arrange
ments. He is preparing a souvenir pro
gramme that will be at once unique and
valuable as a memento. The whole town
is interested and the turnout is expected
to be very great.
Delegates Appointed.
ALAMEDA, Cal.,' Jan. 15.— Chairman
Forderer of the Municipal Board has ap
pointed Green Majors, C. E. I>'aylor and
B. C. Brown as delegates to the anti
funding . bill convention. Majors is a
prominent Populist, Naylor was an inde
pendent candidate for the Assembly in 1594
and Brown is a shorthand reporter in the
Federal courts of San Francisco.
Story-Nash.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 15.— Miss Grace
Story and J. F. Nash were united in mar
riage last night at the residence of the
bride's father, 3250 . tfriggs avenue. The
bride is the daughter of W. li. Story, Ala
meda agent for Wells, Fargo & Co., and
the sister of Chief Engineer Storey of the
San Joaquiu Valley Railroad. The groom
is the superintendent of the American
River Lumber Company and resides at
Placerville. The popularity of the bride
in Alameda and the prominence of her
father in Masonic and business circles
make the wedding a considerable social
event. .-.v*-;
Portuguese Association.
At their meeting on Sundayl ast the Pnrtu
guese Protective and Benevolent Association
installed the following officers to serve for the
yearlßD6: President, .1. Coelho; vice-presi
dent. J. V. Viegos; recording secictary, F. L.
de Kreitas; financial secretary, J. I. "Rafael;
treasurer. J. Baptista; trustees— M. I. Freitas
Charles Fuller, A, Kodngues.
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
BONDS FOR STREET WORK
Superintendent Miller Says East j
Oakland Will Soon Be
Isolated.
. )
TELEGRAPH AVENUE A WRECK.
i
Eighth-Street Bridge Is Liable to Col
lapse and Has Long Been
Condemned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 15. )
Street Superintendent Miller has been
studying the condition of the streets, and
in a long communication submitted to the
City Council has recited some facts that are
of great interest to property -owners.
There are only two streets leading across
the Lake Merritt estuary to East Oakland,
and of these the Superintendent says:
A prolonged storm, which is very probable
during the next two or three months, will
render Twelfth-street dam practically impass
able, and it the Eightn-street bridge should
happen to collapse at the same time our condi
tion would indeed be serious.
Telegraph avenue was considered good
for ten years when it was bituminized at
great expense four years ago, and of this
Mr. Miller speaks thus:
Telegraph avenue is a total wreck and should
be reconstructed. Four and one-half years
ago this thoroughfare was paved with bitumen
at an expense of $53,203 54, and an average
tax of ?324 upon each property-owner. To
day it is beyond repair.
The reconstruction of Telegraph avenue
throughout with bitumen or concrete at the
rate of 20 cents tier square foot would cost
$59,553 (JO.
The Ptreet Superintendent then give?
the result of an investigation into the
amount of travel on the street. He iinds
that the property fronting on this
thoroughfare is owned by 104 persons, and
out of 140 stores and residences fronting
thereon but forty-live occupants Keep
horses. The report proceeds:
Between the hours of 7 a. m. and 7 r. M. on
January 11, by actual count, 1394 vehicles
passed over this street. By similar investiga
tion I ascertained that the property fronting
on East Twelfth street, between Oak and Thir
teenth avenue, ami upon East Fourteenth,
between Thirteenth and Twenty-fifth avenues,
is owned by 203 persons, and out of 211 stores
and residences flouting thereon but ninety
four occupants keep horses. From 7a. m. to 7
P. M. January 11 1732 vehicles passed over the
Twelfth-street dam.
li will thus be seen that the propertv-owncrs
on Telegraph avenue are directly responsible
for only about 8% per cent of the travel and
consequent wear of the pavement, and on
East Twelfth and Fourteenth streets for about
5% per cent. This seems to show conclusively
that it would be grossly unfair to require the
propei ty-owners along these thoroughfares to
wholly provide and maintain pavements
which are a public uecessity.but. which are worn
out by the public, and of which they receive
but a small percentage of benefit.
The cost of Buttering, curbing with cement
and bituminizing on concrete of East Twelfth
street, from Oak to Eleventh avenue, and on
East Fourteenth, from Thirteenth avenue to
Twenty-third avenue, would be approximately
8105,962. This would cause an average tax of
£522 upon each property-owner, while upon
Telegraph »venue the average property tax
would be $362 28. .
Tho total cost of reconstructing the above
named streets would be approximately $103,
--515 60. Under the law, property-owners are
required to construct and maintain in good
order the streets in front of their premises. It
is their option, however, when in the ma
jority, to decline to make improvements. I
nave endeavored to show that the legal re
quirement as to maintenance is unjust, and
the result is no more than we should expect.
Mr. Miller concludes by advocating a
bond issue for $150,000. "I have sent this
to the Council," said Mr. Miller to-day,
"to start the ball rolling, for something
has got to be done. Twelfth street is in a
horrible condition and is almost impass
able in rainy weather. Telegraph avenue
is beyond repair and this morning 1 heard
of three more holes in the Eighth-street
bridge and we have not a stick of lumber
to repair it. I think I can make the peo
ple see that my plans should be adopted.
Something has to be dove and done right
away." ____________
BASEBALL TO THE FORE.
A Meeting Held at Berkeley to
Outline the Season's
Plans.
Rejoicing at the University Over the
Prospect of Having the Campus
Lighted— News Notes.
BERKELEY. Cat... Jan. I.s.— The
university baseball adherents held their
first meeting of the year this afternoon for
the purpose ol outlining plans for the
coming season. Representatives from the
four classes at Berkeley, and from the law
and dental colleges in Sau. Francisco, were
W. N. I-ricnd.
present. Marc Antony, '05, appeared in
behalf of the Law College, and Henry
Abraham spoke for the Dental College
team. It was decided that the dates for
the series of interclass games would not
be set until after the week for doing the
"student labor" on the campus has' been
named.
Manager Friend stated that it might be
possible to declare a holiday some after
noon of the labor week and spend the time
watching the players on the diamond
"We will need a little rent." said he
"after handling the shovel and wheelbar
row for two orHhree days, and in what
better way can it be sought than in wit
nessing a good game of ball?"
The sanies w i t h Stanford will probably
be held on the 0. C. campus, the same as
last year, and as there is no inclosure
around the diamond the tap system will
have to be used as heretofore. The final
of the three games with Stanford, how
ever, will no doubt be played at Central
Park. No dates were set for the inter
collegiate matches. The games with the
Affiliated Colleges will necessarily havo to
be played for the most part nn Saturdays,
on account of the distance between San
Francisco ami Berkeley.
The first game in the scries between the
colleges aud classes of the U. C. as
scheduled to-day will ba the freshman and
sophomore; second, dental and Berkelcv
juniors; third, law and Berkeley seniors.
The three winners will toss up for the
final to be played for the championship.
When Manager Lang of trie football
team makes his report tor the season of
'95 to the athletic executive committee
next Monday it is expected that $200 will
be appropriated to the use of the baseball
management. This will be used in liqui
dating the outstanding bills and in putting
the diamond into condition. The U. C.
class captains are Noble, 'SG; Elston, '97;
Blasingame, "JS. and Spence, 'i) 9. L. E.
Johnston will captain the varsity.
Rejoicing at tho University.;
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 15.— There is
general rejoicing among the faculty and
students oi the university over the* pros
pects of soon bavins the library and
campus lighted with electricity and an
imposing new foot walk made direct from
Center street to the main buildings. The
action of the Hoard of Regents yesterday
in urantin;.; Reseat Reinstein $750 with
which to put the "finishing touches" on
the gardening work which the students
have obligated themselves to do is much
commended. Now that the Regents have
decided to have a pathway made through
Professor Hil card's long-cherished agri
cultural gar.ien, and also made an appro
priation to curry out tho -work, all that re
mains to be done is to drive the grade
stakes am! organize the student pick-and
shovel brigade.
The lighting scheme will prove a boon
to all who have any direct connection with
t:ie university, since the library will be
illuminated each ceningfor the use of the
students, and the campus lifted with
thirty arc-lamps suspended on high poles.
At the present time there is not a single
light on the entire university reservation
to guide the pedestrian who might wish to
bo across the campus or to one of the
buildings at night. There is a rapidly
growing population on either side of the
grounds and hitherto the citizens desiring
to pass from one side to the other have
l>een forced to go the entire distance
around the western boundary in order to
reach their destination.
They have been absolutely afraid to
cross the campus on a dark night because
of the danger of falling into holes or run
ning into this brush and shrubbery or of
being held up. All these ditliculties will
oe overcome when the new arc lights are
placed in position and the electric fluid
turned on.
Thoosopliical Union.
BERKELEY, CAt., Jan. 15.— Tha fifty
seventh regular meeting of the University
of California TheosophioaJ Union will be
held next Friday evening in Professor
Harrison's lecture-room. Nortn HalL The
subject for discussion will be "The Bear-
Ing of the Latest J'evelopnients in Physi
cal Science Upon the Relativity of Human
Knowledge."
The topic Is taken from a book on Comte,
Mill and Spencer by Professor John
Watson of Queen's University, Kingston,
Canada. Professor Frederick Slate will
read a paper, aiw ;i general discussion will
follow.
iukt -illiition of Offlcori.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Jan. 15.— Berkeley
Lodge No. 10, A. O. U. W., installed the
following officers for the ensuing term last
evening: Master workman, O. G. May;
foreman, H. A. Nelson; overseer, A. L.
Farrish; recorder. F. It. Payne; financier,
P. It. Boone; receiver, T. F. Graber; guide,
R. J. Waters; inside watchman, E. H.
Cougdon; outside watchman, S. S. Morrill.
MAY DOUBLE THE RATES.
Rival Water Companies May
Prove a Detriment to the
Consumers.
A Condition of Affairs That Was Not
Contemplated When the Law
Was Made.
Oakland Offk ■ Sax FKAKCX9OO Cat.l,)
806 Broadway, Jan. 15. \
In n few weeks the rivalry between the
two powerful water oompaniea will result
in a very peculiar complication that the
• it v Council Will be expected to unravel.
It is a question of the highest importance,
as it is of vital interest to every property
owner in the city.
In accordance with law, notice has been
Bent to both companies to furnish the
j Council with a sworn statement of the cost
of their plants and the operating expenses.
The law says and the Supreme Court has
so affirmed that the water rates shall be
iixed on a basis of the value of the plant
and annual expenses, ami that the charges
for water shall be such ns to allow a fair
! rate of interest on ttie investment.
On this point the two companies will
agree -when they come before the Council
—although they have agreed on nnthinf;
else— ana they will insist that the Council
shall fix the rates on the total value of the
two plants. This will make the rates con
siderably higher than those now rixed by
the Council. Although at the present time
water is bein^ supplied In th<j districts
where both companies have pipes at rates
of about one-half the rate the companies
are entitled to charge, both corporations i
are anxious that the City Council shall
make the rate as high as the law allows.
There is an undercurrent of opinion that
the heavy losses sustained by the water
companies have nearly reached that point
where they will come together. Should
they do this after hating a rate lixed upon
the valuation of both plants, tne business
of supplying water would at once become
lucrative.
The counciimen are disposed to think i
that the law and the Supreme Court did
not contemplate such a contingency ns
two water companies coming into exist
ence, as both the law and the courts'
decision were based on the San Francisco
conditions where there is only one com
pany. They say it would be absurd to
suppose that if a dozen companies should
come in and parallel each other's lines
the rates would have to be adjusted to pay
interest and operating expenses on all
their properties. At the same time the i
counciimen admit that the law is in favor
of saca a method of procedure and that it
will be a difficult task to do justice to the
ratepayers and to follow the lines of
legality.
So long as open hostilities exist between
the two companies and rates are cut to
meet the demands of customers, the lepal
rate cuts but little figure in the contro
versy. There is, however, only the breadth
of Broadway between President Dingee's
otlice and that of President Piorce and the
citizens of Oakland would not be at all
surprised to hear of a com promise.
TOO MANY IRONS.
How the German Paper of Oakland Re
gards the Situation in
Europe.
OAKLAND, Cai*, Jan. 1-s.— ln the last
issue of the Oakland Journal, the Gerninn
paper of this city, in an article on the
relations between England, Germany and
Venezuela, the following, which has been
translated for the Tribune, appears:
John Bull is now playing the part of Hans
Dainf (Hans Who smokes on all the streets).
The welfare of the earth will yet overcome
him. He has many Irons in the tire and doea
not know whicli one to lorge firsr. In the
menntime hammer blows fall on him from nil
sides.
In China John null has erred in his reckon
ing. Uefore Armenia lie siis with his fleets on
a sankbank and with him are the fleets of other
seliieh powers. Venezuela baa caused the
T'nited States to unanimously rise up against
him «nd also in the land of the Boer, in ihe
Transvaal republic, he has received a slap of
the same kind, not only with his home of
freebooters, but through" Wilhelm, the cousin
of John Bull's sovereign. Queen Victoria.
Wilhehn sent a congratulatory dispatch to
Krueger, President- of the old republic in South
Africa, including a firm demand against the
interference of England.
The blow has been struck, but notwithstand
ing that William need not in the least trouble
himself about making a visit to England. He
would be obliged ro go through a row of lowly
bending John Bulls in his passage from the
harbor to Windsor Castle, which surely can be
no test of courage. No American and no Ger
man doubts this. In spite of all this, there will
be as little chance fur war between Germany
and England as there is between the United
States and England. The mongrel is afraid.
"Witnesses Against l»o "Winter.
In the prosecution of Captain John dc
Winter of the M. P. Grace for cruelly beating
with a revolver a sailor in irons named Gus
tave Wayward, the Federal authorities have
retained as witnesses tins Howard, Conn Mc
l'herson, Johanii Babis, Theodore Nealson and
Kdward Chadwiclt, all of whom are confined,
in the County Jail pending the trial.
CACKLERS ON EXHIBITION
Oakland's First Poultry and
Pigeon Show to Be Opened
To-Day.
Judge Felch of Massachusetts Ex
presses Surprise at the Superi
ority of the Exhibits.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 15. f
The first poultry and pigeon show ever
held in this city will open to-morrow night
under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
Poultry and Pigeon Association. Nearly
2000 exhibits are in place to-night and I.
K. Felch of Natlck, Mas 3., who is the
judge of the poultry, says that he is greatly
surprised to find such a perfect building
and such cood taste shown in arranging
the display.
"1 am greatly surprised," said Mr. Folch
to-night, "to find sucn favorable conditions
for a show. It is weil fitted up for
the purpose and is much better adapted in
every way than most of those I have been
privileged to see this 2-"ear on my journey
out here as to the display of fowls, i
must say it is highly remarkable and sur
prises me greatly. I iind birds as healthy
and as well marked as any I have ever
seen. I have examined the white lenhorns
here and must say they are of a very supe
rior breed as far as I have cone.
"From all indications this should be a
highly successful affair, as it lias every
thing to make it one. People who desire
to see some line fowls can do no better
than take a look at this show."
The exhibits come from all parts of this
State and Oregon and Utah. Some of the
birds are worth $l?& each. There are
Cochins, Minorca?, Bantams, Andalasinns,
Wyandottes, Spanish. Guianas, Houdaiia
and hundreds of other kinds of fowls, and
the large annex is entirely given up to this
branch, while the tabernacle proper is
given over entirely to pigeons and breed
in-.' coops.
The exhibition will be open for a week.
OLYMPIC CLUB NEWS.
Green and Needham M:iy Be Matched
to liox Ten Rounds — Billiard*.
The directors of the Olympic Club at a
meeting held last evening discussed the
question of giving a professional ten
round contest at a boxing entertainment
which will be held about the middle of
next month. The names of George Green
and ]>army Ne«tlhani were mentioned, but
no action was taken by the directors.
They transferred the matter to a commit
tee consisting of Leader Short and Len D.
Owens, who will decide in a few days
whether the pugilists named will entertain
the club in a ten-round contest on the
evening which will be selected for the fistic
entertainment.
The Olympic Club's billiard tournament
will be held in the billiard parlors of the
ClQb, commencing on the evening of
February 11. The players who have en
tered practice nightly, and some good
games are assured. The entries so far re
ceived are as follows:
First class— Charles H. Williams and H.
ii. Kuss.
Second class— E. Smith. A. C. Thornton,
11. <i. Edwards, J. A. Vaughan, M. L.
Espinosa ami .1. K. Jo.«ephi.
Third class— J. E. Bernhard, L. Pockwitz,
A. C. Dodge, F. N. Moore, A. C. Hampton
and L. B. Adams Jr.
A meeting of the football team for the
purpose of electing a manager and captain
for the ensuing year will be held on Friday
evening next.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
MrsT Stanley, Cal C A Lnmoreux & w, Wls
.1 T Smith. CM A s Pott. San Jose
0 P Wilson, C'olusa W a Lnndon. s Anselmo
.1 W Paulsen. Palo Alto X It Uush, Woodland
\V Tryon. Angels Camp J X Hebbron, Salinas
I Mrs.T X Decker. <:>1 C 11 Lux, .Mm Jose
L 11 Hnrrigan, San Jose II C Conrad, Cat
/ \V Burnham, Ohio Mis.l I' Grazier, Mass
Miss Urozler, Mass \vm Curtis, Hacto
J\V Morrison, Sacto \V A limns <& \v. N*ov
.1 s Fin A W, Ukiah W X Conaui, Redding
John Speluaan, Redding W It Anderson, Wheatld
LConrath, Sniartsville I) B Lyon, Ri»d Bluff
1' s l.iiiKliirst. l'nrtiand 3 H Laucnnorc, Portland
W W Gourlay, I'hlla J 1 Whit*, Fresno
A II llorst. N V X Downing, Vlsalia
J J Pratt, Vuiia City its How, i'lncerville
J X Orr, Yuba City I* 1) Nash, JN'icolaus
N B Kirtloy, Yuba City W F Nobel, Sutler Co
0 \V (Srpone, Anderson Mary T Green, Boston
J 1) Spiller, Boston A Dwyer, sao.o
<* Turner, Jlodesto Mrs Karrin^ton. San Jose
W I' I»gall8, JN'apa c s Bowers, X V
TUB Anderson, Sacto L B O??<1on it w, Sta Rosa
Xiv Stevenot, Souoina T V Collins. ValUio
C: \V Micklln, Los Ant; Fi' Hlat-k, San Jo3e
M Gaynor, WataonviUe V M Chittetidpn, Fresno
WJI Ingals, Fresno s L Ayer, Mllpitu ■
3 S Selby, «an Jose W A Meads, Alviso
A Greenlnger, San Jose
J.H HOUSE.
PC Sacramento Airs M May, San .lose
i>r P s Coke, Cal Chas J Noacfc, Sacto
X II Trumbull, s Rafael W it Hawes, Baker City
a Baxter, Oakland, <sco Wilson. Alameda
I A Fuller, N:ip;\ W It Melvinn, San Jose
X May & f, Portland 1C W l>owst it sister, 111
MrsC E \VUllHins,BCruz Leo Wheeler, Seattle
]•' \v Hatch, Agnewa i>r a VV Gardner. Napa
A C Irwin i\s w, Marys v It C Rolls &w. Yreka
.1 Mnrkk'V, Sacramento (i B Katzenstein Jr, yacto
W D .Lawton. Sacto \V A Gett Jf, Sacto
Mrs L M Sisson, Slsson Lli .limit's. Mill Valley
i<; M Ehrborn, Mt View J Greely, Marysvilie
(i D Alltnan, Oakland C A 11 Warlield, Merced
R I Blowers, Woodland I 1 P Dandridße, Monterey
C M Wooster, San Jose A X Whittou, San Jose
I Li Blain, Cal >' U Nicol. Stockton
X •' Monroe & w, Cal J G Campbell, Stockton
B I" Good, San Kafael A B Reeve, San Jose
U P Shannon & \v, Cal ' • X A Coulter, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Nevine, Vallcjo A H Hallett, Sacto
A Clopton, Ala 8 l.n^iaiuier.Mare Island
C A Jones it \v, Los Ang C X McKoln, Helena
R X Pinney & w, Cal T P Smith & ■. w, San Jose
0 Cfcapin, 111 F X McGrath ct w.Los A
L 0 Pease, Portland F Kerkow, Los Angeles
<; \V Piper, Portland G \V Sage & w, U 8 A
J Ruddy, Vallejo C B Pierce, Washington
WE Burgess, Chicago C li Pierce, Salinas
3 A Bennett, N V W V Smith, Denver
M Stern, N V M W Murphy. Salt Lake
M Bacigalupl, Lone Hill B M Smith, Los Angeles
PALACE HOTEL.
II J Barling, Sitka J E Terry, Sacto :
R L Scott, NY J N Burke, San Jose
8 Seller, Livertnore A Abrahams, Reno
C Kohr. , Portland T II Harnev, Boston ■
A Wallin, ND W B Travis. Uklah
Mrs A Wallin, N D It Lihdley, Los Angeles'
J Harrington, Colusa KB Stephens, Sacto
J 1' Erie, >* V
, KBW WEBTERK HOTEL.
S c Smith, sulsun P B Grant, Pa ...
A L Hall, Seattle H C Freton, ({olden Gate
A .rt Cole, Monterey V Hipglns, Monterey '
A Hranstuioi), Alcatraz J W Cook it w.Cour'tland
A B KutTel, Valley Ford H Levens, Valley Ford
B F Flint <fc \v, Or ML Mull. Tacoma
j Will!, 1 Seattle F W Cleland, Seattle
1 J McQuade, NY J II Barnliill, L Angeles
A girl baby born the other day in Ko
komo, Ind., is the fourteenth daughter of
a fourteenth daughter of a fourteenth
daughter— a record which is thought to be
uuprecedeiited,
CLUSTER OF ENGAGEMENTS
The Holiday Season Followed by
the Announcement of
Betrothals.
MRS. DOUGLAS FRY'S LUNCHEON.
An Employes' Party— Babson-Redstone
Wedding — The Kennedy
Gathering.
The luncheon given by Mr?. Robert
Douglas Fry, at her home, 2510 Pacilic ave
nue, on Tuesday afternoon, was a most
elaborate and delightful affair, and was
given in honor of Miss Isabel Grant, whose
engagement to Mr. Pond has been an
nounced. The parlors, halls and all rooms
\ised during the day had been handsomely
decorated under the supervision of Miss
Bates. Huber's orchestra was in attend
ance and rendered appropriate selections
at intervals. Besides the guest of honor
ana the hostess there sat at the tables
Miss Bender, Miss Mamie Burling, Miss
Bates. Miss Mary Belle iiwin, Mrs. Louis
T. Monteagle, Miss Fannie Grant, Mrs.
Homer S. King, Miss Ella Morgan, Miss
McMullin, Miss Dorothy Stubus, Mrs. G.
A. Moore, Mrs. Ryland B. Wallace, Mrs.
A. M. Grim, Miss Houghton. Miss Eleanor
Wood, Cogmo Morgan, Miss Shreve,
Miss Catherwood. Miss M. O'Connor, Mrs.
11. M. A. Miller, Mrs. S. C. Buckbee, Mrs.
E. 15. Fofld. Mrs. W. L. Brown, Mrs. J. D.
Frye, Mrs. W. Finnell, Mrs. D. T. C. IVr
kins, Mrs. J. Partridge, Mrs. A. D. Hol
man. Mrs. Cutler Paige and Mrs. Bender.
As announced in Tub Call of Tuesday
th c infant son of Prince and Princes Pon
iaidwski was baptized on Sunday after
noon last at St. Mary's Cathedral. The
ceremony was* devoid of any ostentation,
and the party consisted only of the I'rince and
Princess, the infant I'riuce, Mr. and Mrs. \\\\-
Ham 11. Crocker and a few inei.cis. Archbishop
Riordnn performed tlie eereuaony, naming the
heir Stanislas August. The party then drove
to the Crocker residence!, corner "of California
and .Jones streets, where dinmr was awaiting
them.
The second of the three recitals by Mia Lil
lian O'Connoll of Saw York is announced for
the 18th inst., tit the residence of Mrs. Jewett,
931 Bush street. "Through Colonial Door
wnys" is the attractive title of the address and
will be delivered in costume.
Mrs. J. \V. Winston entertained her friends
at the Bradbury ranch, near Monrovia, I. us
Angeles County, on Sunday last, giving a. mid
winter picnic. ' Her guests were: Colonel and
Mrs. John Bradbury, Mrs. M. W. iiosqui, the
Misses O'Connor of San Francisco, Miss Mary
Manning, the Misses Wins'.on, Will Byrnes,
J.M.Austin, K. A. Chadwiok, \V. X. Xorris
and C. 11. Bastings.
The engagement of Miss Pen* Levy and
Albert Strauss is announced. Though the
date of the wedding has not as yet been fixed,
they will, however, receive their friends at
1042 Golden Gate avenue on Sunday, January
2(5, from 2 to (5 o'clock. Miss Levy is the
daughter of the well-known pioneer merchant,
Joseph Levy, of this City, and is quite a favor
ite among her uptown associates for her enno
bling and rare qualities, as also for her per
sonal beauty. Her Intended is one of San
Francisco's promising young business men,
and is the only son of the late Simon Strauss,
one of the early pioneers of this State.
The enfcnpemerit is announced of Samuel
Meyer to Miss Cell* Ilyman. ']><>>- will receive
on Sunday next from 2 toG at 122*8 Ellis street.
The engagement of Miss Estelle Cahn of Oak
land to J. Tobriner of San Francisco is an
nounced. They will hold a reception on Sun
day, the 20th inst., from 2 to 5 P. m. at 722
Tenth street, Oakland.
The engagement is announced of Miss Becky
Happ and Morris Gold, both of Oakland. They
will receive their friends Sunday, January 11),
from 2 to 6, at 554 Adeline street, Oakland.
The engagemant is announced of Loses Ed
ward Hunt of Berkeley and Miss Maude Edna
Mosher, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 11. K. Moeher
ofNiles. Mr. Hunt is a graduate of the Uni
versity of California in the class of 1893, and
is a prominent member of many athletic or
ganizations.
The engagement of Miss Edith Muller and M.
w. Lustenberger Is announced.
The engagement is announced of A. L.
Brown, the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. Morris
Brown, and Miss Ruly Lowenberg, only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. I. Lowt'iberg. They
will receive Sunday, the 10th, and Thursday,
the 23d, nt 609 Van Ness avenue.
J. H. Jahns and F. Dolirmana Jr. leave for
the Bast and Europe on Friday.
Last Friday evening, at Golden Gate Hall,
the employes of Goldberg, Duwen & Lebea
bamn entertained many of their friends with a
liternry entertainment and hop. The commit
tee of arrangement.-" v.iis composed of El. G.
Scovern, J. <;. llecker, George B. Doyle and
W. P. Coholly. These gentlemen displayed
great taste in the decorations, which were
purple and white, surmounted by gold and
silver tinsel. The Stage was an object of com
ment, so tastefully was it arranged. Those
assisting in the entertainment were: <.. c.
Hardin, Mr.<. John R. Hillman, Maurice Edwin
Harris, Miss Helen llallowell. William M.
Well. Mi-s Annie Gibson, M. Campbell and
H. Goldsmith, while Blanchard's orchestra
furnished excellent music for dancing. After
the entertainment H. G. Scovern was called
upon the stage nud presented. In a neat speech,
by I. 11. Higglnson, with a silver medal, for
his untiring efforts to make this and previous
pleasures a success. The presentation was
roundly aiiplauded and accepted by the gen
tleman in a few but appropriate words. The
reception committee was composed of r. i;.
Burton, W. B. Clark, K. H. Bigginson, tW.
Sehrauz, A. L. Griffiths, a. H. Cawthorn, J. E.
O'Connor and J. K. Polk, while Harry <;.
Scovern was iloor manager, assisted b*- G. B
Doyle, J. G. Hecker, \V. F. Coaolly, C. Swett,
B. \V. Gilmore and E. B. Colin.
A number of friends of Miss Ollie Kennedy
assembled at her home, 737 Harrlion street, on
Saturday evening last, it being the eighteenth
anniversary of her birth. Dancing, singing
and games furnished pleasing diversions for
the evening. After supper the party dis
banded. The guest- were Miss Ollie Kennedy.
Miss Emma Atwood, Miss Emily Lindsay, Mlv
Gertie I'erry. Miss Tillie Cook, Miss Jennie
Mitchell, Miss Mary Flaming, Miss May Cole,
Miss Fanny Sullivan, Miss Emma Muniy, Miss
Agnes Cook, Edward (ileason, George" Pitts,
Jack Keogh, Mr. (Jay, Edward Kerrison. Oston
Ross, Ollie Powell, Rrnuy Browne, Thomas
Crowley, George Atwood, Johnnie Leu is.
George Cullen, Jack Dunn, Herney Bolce, Miss
Stella Robin. MissSelina Robin, Dor M. Kohn.
At the residence of the parents of the bride,
on Sacramento meet, Vnllejo. Wednesday
afternoon, Mi-s Hattie. only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. 'William Redstone, V. S. X., was
united In marriage to Gunner 1?. C. I'.abson of
the Monterey. The home of the bride was
tastefully decorated. In the spacious parlors
ferns, smiiax, potted plants and flowers were
arranged in a manner that pave the room more
of the appearance of a conservatory than any
thing else. The drawing-room, hall and din
ing-room were also nicely dec-orated with ferns
and flowers. From the ceiling of the bay-win*
aow in the front parlor a large wedding-bell
was hung, under which the groom awaited li ls
bride, who was given away by her father. As
the bridal couple entered the room Mrs. F. H.
Dohrinen of Pinole, who was seated at the
piano, played the "Lohengrin" bridal march.
The happy couple were united by the Rev
W. L. Gaoton of the Cornell Baptist Church.
Only intimate friends ot the bride and groom
were present. Those who were unable to be
there sent costly gifts as tokens of remem
brance. The groom's gitt to the bride was a
heavily engraved vaich set in diamonds.
The bride, attired in a very rich costume of
white silk with pearl and luce trimmings and
orange blossoms at her neck and in her hair,
looked charming. She carried a Douquet of rare
flower!:.
Miss Pearl Gillard, a stately blonde, who at
tended the bride, was dressed in cream nuns
veiling and lace. Mr. E. P. Kirk, U. S. N.,
acted as best man. The bride is one of Val
lejo's fairest daughters, and in selecting a
companion for lite the groom has chosen a
most estimable young lady. Since his advance
ment to the position as gunner in the United
States navy the groom's acquaintances have
largely increased, and his mates on the vessel
attested their friendship by sending with best
wishes .1 magnificent engraving of the monitor
Monterey, handsomely framed.
After congratulations had been extended to
the young couple the guests repaired to the
dining-room below, where dinner
had been prepared by the stewards of the
Monterey and Independence. The bride and
groom were toasted quite often during the re
past. . .. -...„■<
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. William
Redstone, Mr. and Mrs. John Brownlio Mr
and Mrs. Ward. U.S. X., Mr. and Mrs. K. ll'
Dohrman of Pinole, Captain and Mrs Fields
Mrs. Captain Spencer of San Francisco, Mrs.
W. L. Gaston, Mrs. Gillard, the Misse* Char
lotte and Grace Brownlie, Miss Nellie Spencer
and Miss Xealie Fields of San Francisco;
Messrs. A. E. Barbour, P. J. Kcnedy, Guaner
Evans, James Burke, U. S. VS., William R. King,
Robert JBrow-nlte. I
The newly married couple departed that
evening under a shower of rice tor a trip to
Southern California. On their return they
will take up their residence with the bride's
parents.
Borromean Council No. 129, Y. M. 1., will
give an entertainment and social on Thursday
evening, January 23, at Mission Opera Hall.
a special feature will be a farce presented by
the members.
Mme. Julie rtosewalrt is located now at her
permanent home, 1824 Pacific avenue. Since
her return from the East she has been the
guest of Mrs. Isaac Hecht.
Samuel F. Hughes 01 Post and Powell streets
is entertaining his cousin, Harvey Walker, a
member of the firm of Fulton, Walker it Co. of
Philadelphia. Mr. Walker is- making a tour of
the world and will soon sail for Honolulu and
the South Sea Islands.
Tailor Colenian Asphyxiated.
Harris Coloman, a tailor, was asphyxiated at
his home, 428 Green street, early yesterday
morning. He hud been in good spirits during
the night and had made preparations for the
morning meal by grinding his coffee and cut
ting kindling wood. The inference is that his
death was accidental. His body was taken to
the Morgue.
WANTED TO KILL MACKAY
Wesley C. Rippey, the Assailant
of the Millionaire, Is
Dead.
Since the Event of February 24, 1893,
He Has Lived in Poverty and
Isolation.
Wesley C. Rippey, the old man who on
February 24, 1893, tried to kiil Millionaire
John AY. Muckay, died early yesterday
morning in a little room in humble lodg
ings at 423 Natoma street. He breathed
his last as he had lived since the almost
fatal event, in poverty and isolation.
For some time past Rippey baa been sick,
growing weaker day by day. Dr.
W. A. Newell of 815V a Howard street at
tended him and did whatever he could, but
the lonely old man's physical endurance
gaye out at last. Dr. Newell signed his
death certificate that the death had been
due to natural causes, principally old age
and Infirmity.
When Rippey passed away there wa3
nobody at his bedside. He had roomed in
the house c long time, subsisting how no
body seemed to know or care, and paying
for his room with a miserable weekly pit
tance. Not knowing what to do witli his
body after he was discovered the landlady
notified the Coroner's deputies, and Dep
uty Coroner John Tyrrell responded. M";\
Tyrrell recognized the name and the body
at once as being of the old man who Cried
to assassinate Mackay. The assurance
that it was not acase'of suicide found in
Dr. Newell's certiiicate satisfied Mr. Tyr
rell and the body was left at the house.
Rippey's assault on Mackay is stili fresh
in the pubiic mind. He saw the rich man
turn into Lick alley, off Sutter street, and
iired a revolver at him, shooting him in
the back. Then he sent a bullet" into his
own body, lioth recovered alter being
laid tin for some time, and Rippey was tried
for attempted murder and served one
year's sentence in the County Jail. The
jury was easy on him on account of liis
age and decrepitude, and convicted him
only of simple assault.
Various tneories were given for Rippey's
deed. By some persons his would-be
murcer was ascribed to a heavy loss on the
stock market, and bin belief that this
mining man was responsible; others gave
the motive as that of intended robbery.
Most people, however, put Rinpey in the
same category of cranks as Prendergast,
who shot Mayor Carter Harrison of
Chicago, and Norcross, who tried, to kill
Russell rfage in New York.
Rippey haded from Cincinnati, where
thirty years ago he had been engaged in
steamboating on the Ohio Hirer. For a
while he was in Denver, Colo. In lS7i> he
came to Bail Francisco ami embarked in
the grocery business at 1131 Mission 'treet.
Later he had a, restaurant nt 523 Clay
street, and was next a barkeeper and look
out on the steamer Mary (iarrett.
During the 'SO's ana the tim two years
of the present decade he was frequently
on Pine street and gambled a great deal
in mining stocks. He once visited James
C. Flood' 3 residence at Menlo Park and
represented that be had lostsWoo in stocks
of the Utah mine, for which bad fortune
he seemed to think Flood responsible. He
was ordered from the premises, but would
not go until he was given >10. A few days
later he wrote a letter to Flood in which
he said he Had lost heavily, and, inclosing
a certificate of Utah mine stock, he de
manded restitution. Captain Lees inves
tigated his conduct, and, being assured by
the aetectTO that Flood had nothing t")
do with the stock, Rippey ceased his im
portunities.
He died at the age of 73 years.
Heli-Opus Paper.
The members of the California Camera Club
assembled last evening In their rooms in the
Academy of Science building where Fred V.
Bingliam gave a demonstration of heli-opus
matt surface-paper. Mr. Blngham claims that
for general me this is a superior article. No
collodion or gelatine is used aud the printing
is quickly done. The narer does not curl nor
crack. As lie proceeded in his remarks Mr.
Bingbam gave a practical demonstration of
how tne new iron paper is operated vi. mi. His
remarks were interesting to the members.
The colored people of the United States
maintain seven colleges, seventeen acad
emies and fifty high schools.
NEW TO-DAY.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet-
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by "more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas-
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneticial properties of a perfect lax-
ative; effectually cleansing the system
dispelling colds, headaches and fevera
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the melical
profession because it acts on the Kid-
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak-
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Fig 3 is for sale by all drug*
gists in 50c and Si bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co.only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figa,
and being well informed, you will nof
accept any substitute if offeree
1314
GRANNAN IN ILL LUCK
He Backed Imp. Star Ruby
Heavily and the Horse
Was Disqualified.
LADIES' DAY AT INGLESIDE.
Millionaire Walter Hobart's Coupon
Took the First Two- Year-Old
Race of the Year.
The fates seem to be against Plunger
Riley Grannan. He has backed in- I
numerable horses since his advent in i
California last fall. Some were cut off, j
others "ought to I^ave won" and a few did j
win. But if the young plunger were to i
balance his cash there would be found a
big deficiency. Yet, in the face of all of !
these reversals, where one of a less deter
mined nature would have cried enough, !
the young Kentuckian has piodded on |
without grumbling, waiting for the turn- j
ing of the tide. Yesterday he backed imp. j
Btar Ruby for thousands in the handicap, i
and after winning the horse was disqaali- j
lied. Riley was disheartened, as well as
very wrath y, and was beard to remark ,
t fiat he would never make another bet on i
the track, but it is more than probable
that he had a bet down on the next race, j
for he is a dead game sport, whose anger is ;
not as strong as hi* judgment is good.
It was ladies' day at Ingleside. but the 1
nasty condition of the weather drew but a
sparsely ii;> i grand stand. In the bet- '
ting ring, though, the crowd was large as
usual.
There were rive events o:i the card, and
the first choices succeeded in capturing
but two of them.
The mile and a furlont; handicap, that
raised considerable discussion on account
df the disqualifying of imp. Star Ruby.
was fourth on the card. There were but
rive Mar;rT>. with the imported horse an
11 to 10 favorite at po*t time, backed down
frtmi oto 2. Logan, with twos about him.
was second choice, and Semper Lex a
lightly backed third choice. Sir Walter
an i Wawona were the other starters.
Tlie favorite took the lead after papsiiie
the stand am! set a hot pace. Apparently
full of run, he led into tlie stretch by a
length, with Loean, hard ridden, at his
heels. Semper Lex, on which Chorn had
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirtieth Day of the Winter Meetinjr of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weal her Rainy,
• I rack Sloppy. Ingleside Track, san Francisco, Wednesday, January 15, 1596.
\i\ hll'.sl MACK— seven and a half furlonvs; selling; four-year-olds and upward-: conditions"
•±V/. pjrse JiOO.
Horse, age. weight. St.
V*
V 2
»i
Jockeys.
i Betting.
Op. Cl. j
530 Kortuna, 6 102 4 6« 5 2
5iJ3 Artist, 6 110 1 2 2 111
619 Gussie, s 102 7 41, Sh
5.H9 W. L.MnnsOD, a.104 3 12
492 Montalvo, 5 ... lid «j 5 2 t! 4
486 !■! li. 4 105 B 7 7
628 Pecksniff, 5 .... 107 2 :: 1 4 h
I if
4 3 •
3 2
5 1.2
7
62 !
24
13
4
3 3
5 .
6
7
i 1 1 Coady 4
2 5 C. Bailard. ..._. 6-5
: 3 X Kowan j 4
4Vi Garner 6
ft 6 B. 1 (K-iiran. .... 2
6 5 J. Walker 15
17 M. Bergen 10
5
1
12
10
7-2
50
30
Good start.
Won eaa ly.
Winner, Encino stable's b. m., by -.nip. Brutus Viola Kea.
Time, 1.:40 i/ 4 .
nBECOXD HACK- One and a half milts; selling; lour-year-olds and upward; penalties-
. purse 400.
• ndex. Horye, aire. weight. St. Std.
nf!«T. Hone, age, weight. St. Std. V 4 Va 3 ,4 Str. Fir* Jociceys.
, . :
532 Koreir.ost. 4 93 4 2 1 2h 2 1 2n lh 13 I'iesott
4 -;s Julia 0,4 96 2 31- 43 3fa .'! 6 315 23 Garner
422 Monita. 5 97 S Hi Hi 12 11V 2 21 330 Md lain
473 Janus, a 106 SIS 5 5 5 5 4 1 Utaorn
196 Red Root, a 5)8 14h 3 1 4 2 44 46 5 Cochran.
JocKpys.
I Betting.
Op. CL
a
3-2
4
4
6
9-5
9-5
7-2
7
8
i.ood start. Won easily. Winner. A. B. Spreckels' b.g., by Flood-imp. Queen Bess. Time, 2:431,4.
.) THIRD BACK— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse 8400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
V-t
%
sir.
%
Fin. ]
Jockeys.
F»ettimg.
Op. cl.
I
Coupon ..110 4 44 12 Dogsett 4 5
lif-y d-1 Tlerra....llO 1 11 22 Coady 8-5 3-2
Mary X 107 3 Sh 32 K. CoVhran 6 6
!>ola 107 •_• 21 41 iPugott 8 10
Modest ia 107 6 52 ' 53 (iarner - *
lllKlestdc lid 7 9 t; 2 J. Churn '5 7
Scarborough 11U 9 73 72 Hennessy 8 20
Bergen 11" 8 • 81 82 Bt. Bergen 6 7
Gordon 110 5 ! 62 j 9 H. shields 8 6
Won easily. Winner. W. s. Hobart's b.g., by Martenhurst-My Badge! Time, :37V;,
At )tis: '.'8 in nutea. *Coupled with Key del Tierra.
4 4
1 1
3 li
2 1
5 '_'
9"
7 3
81
6 2
I 1 2
22
32
41
! 53
62
7 2
i BS
! »
Dozcett 4
Coady 8-5
K. Cochran 6
PizgOtt 8
• iarner •
J. (hern 5
Hennesay 8
M. Bergen 6
11. shields 8
5
3-2
6
10
*
7
20
7
6
w I '_) FOURTH KACE— One and an eichth niiies; handicap; purse f 500.
Index. Horse, age, weight, j St. j Std. I.i V 2 j 3 /i str. I Fin. I Jockeys.
SO? i Semper 1.ex.6... 112 j 5 5 5 4 IA3U i 33 2 2 Thorn . . I
581 ilo-au, a 110; 4 4 3 -.Mi 1121 !2 V 2 310 c. Mallard..
189 Sir Walter, a POi 2 2 h I 4% 2h 4 5 ' 46" 44 Hewitt
456 JWawona. 5 90! 1 12 33 | » 5 I 5 I 5 K. Jones . . !
(531) Imp, star ltnby,4.lo{>i 3 I 3 h 12 |33 11 y> 12 *1 h il>o?gett
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4
3-2
, 10
6
17-5
4
a
30
10
11-10
1 start. Won driving.
•Disqualified.
1 tier,
i llgtltOll
v
1:58%:
£J 1 FIFTH BACK— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; conditions; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. I 1,4 I l ., I
i i
518 Lizzie H, 3 99; 5 .. . 4b
506 Pearson. 3 106' 3 i 22
539 Heartsease, 3 104 2 lh
518 ; Waller J. 3 109 1 51/2
522 New Moon. 3 99 7 7V 3
A:9 Daylight. 3 IU7 6 : 83
533 I.opz Lady, 3 108 10 ........ iO 1
513|Paros.3 105 9 .... 6'A ;
494 Spry Lark. 3 l(12ill 9 6 i
522 Ctistnne le, 3 99 4 Xy.
622 Canvas back, 3....104 8 11
3 /4
5 4
1 2
2 h
4 h
3 1
7 6
10
8
9
2 1
12
34
4 3
D
6
9
8
10
7
11
1 Fin Jockeys. op etUn cj.
1 1 Garner 2 2
2 6 J. I.horn 3 8-2
3 4 Mcllugh 12 15
4 2 Shields « 10
64 [McClali 30 20
6 6 Pipgott 5 7-2
710 J.Walker 5-2 6
8 4 T.Walker. 20 20
9 3 Donnelly SO 60
10 4 Cochran 80 60
111 X oady 30 200
Bad s'nrt. 'Aon .Irivlng. Winner, V. A. H
29 mlnuies. Time, 1 :17%.
blk. f., by John Henry-Blinnie Payne. At post
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ingleside Track.
In r.-.res where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next near»«t
dlsterce are cl\en. »~rai,
AM rev ctions— F.. fast: Fn.. fair; H., heavy: m., mile; f.. furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling.
nd«.
Name.
P,<-st
I.hs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
424 jlda^auer 1!:' ° t ec •, ....i — Aberdeen stable Joe Hooker-Ida O'Neil
500 Easel HH\ :50 V 2 m 109 V... Wooolan-n stable... Ben Ali-Ezza
498 i ßravura 97 1:14 *6 * 88.F... Pueblo stable ]\Vildidle-Whv Not
413 Johnny Payne.. 106 1:211,4 «f 107 . J.T.Clifton ' KemontTonof the Morning
521 SofeO-ad 9ti1.0-_'i 4 5f 8«;F... J. 1.. McDonald .... Inu'clarl-rnkNOwn M ° rnlng
621 Crackajack otf|no rec. .... K. Fisher. Wjuters-Ida o'Neii
4*-> I'.ohin Hood 1., i 99 1:0914 51 |io6|H .N. S. Hall ' Foivster-Marat'ana
BKCOKD RACE— Five am! a half furlongs: se..lng.
ndex.l
Name.
B"St
I.bs record.
Dist. Lbs Tk.
'.9
Ml
ssr.
620
820
538
5-^2
Sam l.pakp ; 98 1:01%|lf
I Summertime *7 1:06 isf
! Mainstay 108' 1 :1S14 6 f
ll'odijra li) 3 1:28 16 f
Road Knnuer. ..HOI 1:41% 1 m
iSHko 10S;l:17 6 t
iYeniPn |06 I:o'.' 5 f
l l2ir"R urns<feWaterllo " se ! Imp. Oarebin-Carrie C
!,?!??•■ J- ; l , Prfmero stabi.-.. Fttzjarnes-Spriniflike '
112 £-V. Elkton stable Imp. Mariner-Queen Emma
ioj h A. Berry I'»whattan-r»«ll a
104;t... Antrim .stable Joe Daniels-Mlsa Hooker
o J • Hil'lrpth lxip.Mr.l'Hkw.ck-Henlopen
109 U..-H. Sflircil.fr Akum-llira
mir.D KACE— Five and a half furlongii; purse.
Name.
! I Brut !
| Lbs I record, nist. l.bilTk.
Owner.
Pedlgee.
638 JToano 103 ! 1:08% SVs f 111 F... W. Bloombaugh.... I.oncfellow-Salai'a
« jKowalsky 90U:lSi|j 6f 100 hH E. C'orrlgan ESS
5-J4 | Pat Murphy.... 99;1:i8%| 6f 99JH- A. B. fepreckels Imp. Kyrfe Daly.3JaS"e R
FOURTH KACK-Six rorlonss: selling.
Index. |
Name.
l-bs ! record.
nist.
I.hs Tk.
Pedljnree.
IS lIP P ii illil ssi=:
413 Philonipna 101 liofl^ .M/ 2 f 100 !£.. Oakland «able. ! Norfolk- Vedette
(503)jfotentHte 110,l=l-J , *ti f llO7jF. .ißurnaAWatfrhOMse Hayder ■ Kdwartit-Amelia P
IFTH HACK— One an<l h sixteenth miles: selllne.
Index.'
Niimp.
i JiMl j
Lbs ; record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
PcfllKree.
540 W. Ij. ilunson lfio i-iai kt in- ii ' '• I|l| ' l1 I >> >nnj;bok-Astona
530 IveDhVw m X «** lm O^v" «*T^ rn6y Hidalgo- Veracif
517 -M0,1e ,0 107 1:14 ,«6 1 101 fa. Wood'awnwabie:: l/ydefA^VUaill
i
Kani*.
Urn WOUWI. Dlst. I.bs
Tk.
(530) 111 h an.l 107 l:lBy 3 j 6f 105 JI.. B. Sobroib.-r Col Henhnrn
in I, Kir a. R7 i:l3v * tf f 119 *... U.l..M«niiel<l I.oflin-l'mms
431 mi 1 1! |if fill ro^S^ES™.,*.
been trailing behind, now loomed, up a
dangerous factor, for coming fast on the
outside he was lapped on the second
horse. Below the furlong pole from home
Star Ruby began tiring badly and Doggett
was seen to be hard a 4. woirk on him.
Logan, who was between th 2 leader and
Semper Lex, was bnmped, btit to all
appearances was bea. y en when the jos
tling occurred. Nearly opposite the sad
dling paddock, as Semper Lex was closing
on tne favorite at every jump, the latter
swerved over and Ciiorn was obliged to
pull his mount up. Once more straight
ened out, Star Ruby again bumped Sem
per Lex, affecting his stride, and in
a drive succeeded in winning: by r head.
Logan was third, a couple of lengths
away. .
Chorn, who rode Semper Lex, claimed a
foul. Doggett. who rode the winner, :»a
niitted interfering with Semper Lex, out
said his mount was tiring badl^v and tJaat
it was unintentional. A large crowd iiad
gathered around the judges' stand shout
ing foul, and, after sifting the matter
thoroughly, the judges rightfully gay» the
race to Semper Lex, who was undoubtedly
the best horse in true race and fully en citJed
to the purse.
Arnst was heavily backed at (i to 5 and
evens to win the opening se^en and a .half
furlon; run, but after leading into the
.stretch, with a comfortable lead of two
lengths, was beaten ouf handily by For
tnna at B and 7 to 1 in the betuing.
Foremost carried the xed, white and
blue colors of the president of the new
jockey club to the front in the mile and a
half Belling event, going out a 9 to 5 choice.
Monitacut out the running Jor something |
over a mile when Piggott on the favorite I
assumed command and won cleverly by
two lengths from the second choice, Julia
O. The distance was covered in 2A3 1 4,.
Nine youngsters appeared irotn tlae
"kindergarten" to engage in the first tw,o
year-old contest of the year over three
iurJongs. The Lone stable's pair, Rey «iel
Tierra and Modestia, as the case, in
former instances were just behind "first
money at the opening essay.
Isola showed first into the stretcfc with
Rey del Tierra at his head. The latter
soon had the lead and looked a winner
until the last 100 yards, when Doygett
came with a rush on Coupon and won
handily by a length in the good time of
37Jj seconds. Mary X finished, third.
The winner was 5 to 1 in the betting .
A six-furlong soiling dash concluded, the
day's racing. Eleven faced the lliag with
Lizzie H ruling aL' to 1 favorite. Both
Heartsease and Pearson headed the first
choice to the stretch, when she cfcime on
and won handily by a length. Pearson was
second, six lengths before Heartsease.
Track and Paddock Items.,
While the officials in the stand are look
ing so searchingly into the running of
Realization, Roma and some ot the other
California horses, would it not be wise,
perhaps, to take a furtive glance at the
forrubook. now and then, to see how some
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, ISOG.
of our Eastern visitors are doing? If yes
terday's showing was the best Montalvo
was capable of doing, the big fellow is in
need of a long, lohr rest.
The Miss Howard colt named Bergen by
his owner, Mr. Corrigan, previous to the
time for booking on the two-year-old
event, is the first of the get of that noted
racehorse, Riley, to face the flag.
Barney Schreiber's entry in the two
year-old run, Insjleside, a youngster by
Bishop, evidently preferred running the
reverse way of the track to lining up with
the other starters. He acted very green.
Fifteen bookmakers cut in yesterday.
Ed Games was booking under the name of
the Ingleside Club.
Eolo has been purchased by Mr. A. B.
Speckeis and will take his place in the
harem at the millionaire turfman's stock
farm at Napa in the near future. Eolo,
a son of Eolus and War Song foaled in
1885, is described as a handsome chestnut
horse standing nearly seventeen hands
hiph, resembling in this respect his full
brothers St. Saviour, Eole and Eon. James
F. Caldwell, the possessor of the horse up
to the present transaction, thinks him
destined to be one of the leading sires of
the country. Outside of Morello he is the
only Leamington horse on the coast and
is certainly a </reat addition to the horse
industry of California.
Coupon, the winner of yesterday's two
year-old event, is a most racy-'ooking in
dividual. He was purchased by Walter
Hobart at the recent sale of yearlings of
the Antrim stock farm. His sire. Marten
hurst (now dead), was imported to this
country from England in 1593 by the late
Simeon G. Reed who paid $12,000 for the
son of Wenlock. Captain Thomas Merry
of this City advised his purchase, and
there lies little doubt that had he lived he
would have made a great name in the
stud. He finished third in the Derby of
1891 won by Common.
Riley Grannan was said to have bet
$5000 on imp. Star Ruby. Green B. Morris,
in whose name the horse runs, was consid
erably incensed at the judees' ruling. Lut
all fair-minded horsemen considered it a
just one. The distance is about a furlong
too far for the English horse.
Charley Ballard, who rode Logan,
thought he got the worst of the fouling,
but as he did not lodge a very strong pro
test with the judges it is dollars to little
red apples Charley knew he was not
entitled to first money.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
B. C Jones (assignee of the estate or Louis C.
Lander) 10 .). J. Fagan, lot on N\v corner of Grove
nmi Scott streets. W 137:6, N lI4:VJ, Si; 140, -S
104; $60.
John and Maria Engisch to John P. Kraser, lot
on N line of Thirtieth street, 130 W of Sanchez, W
50 by N 114; $10.
James K. and Carrie 11. Gordon to Oenevieve
G. Clark, lot on NX corner of Thirtieth and Hoff
man (KUen) streets, N 101:6 by X 80; a so lot on
N line of Thirtieth, 80 VV of Douglass, W 75 by N
114; also tot on 8 line of Day, 130 \\* of Douglass,
w 50 by s 114; $10.
Jacob and Linn Heyman to William R. and Fran
ops li. Foss, lot on N line of Twenty-third street,
90 Eof Hoffman (Ellen), E 25 by N 114; $10.
P. F. Dun. ion to Darby l.uyclnn and P F Dundon,
lot on \V line of Winthrop street, 162:10 S of Chest
nut and 183:4 Eof Kearny, S "21:81/2 by W 91:8:
also lot on W line of Winthrop street, 68:9 S of
Chestnut, 8 59:1 by X 91:8: also lot on W line of
Winthrop street, 127:10 8 of Chestnut, S 35 by \V
91:8; $10.
John E. and Mary A. Ruggles to Henry L.
Doitge, Lorenzo M. Sweeney and Frederick W. Van
Sickien, lot on SE iine of Mlssio • street, 63:9 N E
of Fremont, SB 68:9 byBK 137:6: $10.
Prank and .Anna M. riper to Arthur L. Piper,
undivi led sixth of lot on S corner of First and
Jessie streets. SW 155 by SE 50; $10.
Mamie K. Miller. Caroline Flower and Maud 11.
Merrill to Elnora Trimble, all interest In lot on 8
line of Harrison street, 217:6 X of Third, E 'JO by
S80: $1.
J. J. and A. M. Wentworth to Charles A. War
ren and Edward Malley. lot on E line of Third
sire":. 25 sof Perry, S2sby E 77:6: 10.
Pauline H. Del mas (by 1). M. Delmas, attorney)
to Cr.sa Delmao, lot on HE line of Market street,
226:9 NE of sixth, Xh 49:3 by 8K 170; $10.
Charles Shrakkart to Annie M. Isenbruck, lot on
NW line of Bryant street, 206:3 SW ot Fifth, s\V
88:2 by NW 87:6; gift.
Same to Kosie Shrakkart. lot on SW line of
Garden street, 175 SK of Harrison, SE 25 by SW
75; gift.
Same to Lena L ('. Shrakkart, lot on N line of
Bryant street, 183:4 \V of Sixth, \V 23:11 by N
87:6; rift
Adolph and Rachel Goldberg to Cnrl Goldberg,
lot on line of Seventh avenue, 100 N of Point
Lobos, N 50 by E 120; $10.
A. Livingston and Albert Brings to Robert Ful
stone. lot 35, block X. map 4, Park-lane Tract:
$750.
A LAM EDA COUNTY.
Thomas W. Moore to William C. Hoffman, trus
tee, lot on s line of Railroad avenue, 199:3 Eof
Second, X 199:3 by 8 300, lot 2, lands In leutonia
Park and Homestead Association, Alaniedn, trust
deed: grant.
W. v. Laumeister and J. iianna to Margaret M.
BlcKee, 10 acres beginning at SW corner of plat X,
Rancho Las Posltas, thence N 20 chains by R 5
chains, portion of said plat X, Murray Township. '
quitclaim tit el; $10.
A. 11. and franny c. Blow to Robert J. McMullen, I
lot on \v line of Filbert street, 200 Not Twenty
eighth, N 60 by W 125, lot 17, block A, Golden
Gate Homestead, Oakland: $10.
Frank M. Stone (executor estate of Harriet Bur- |
ton) to Henry Gloy, lot on \V line of Brush street, '■
33 Bof Twenty-first, S 66:8 by W 100. lot 8, and
8 16:8 feel of lot 7, block L, Curtis and Williams
Tract. Oakland; $3140.
William H. Schmidt to William G. Henshaw
(trustee), lot on SE corner of East Twelfth street
and Eighth avenue, k ion by 8 100, Clinton; also '
| property In San Francisco, trust deed, East Oak- '
■ land: grant.
Benjamin F. Case to Edward W. Nelson, lot 7
block D, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland Township;
| $550.
William J. Laymance to I). Samuels, lots 3, 4, 15
and 16, block 1 1, resubdlvisicn of lots 18 and 20,
Warner Tract, subject to a mortgage, Brooklyn I
Township; $10.
Matthew Kerr to Maria Kerr. lot on S line of '
Maple street, 123:20 E of Hnmboidt avenue, E
155:90, W 244:53, N 66, E 171:27. N 135:43 to
beginning, being lot 4 and S i /2 of lot ], Hock T
Roberts <fc Wolfskin Tract, map 3, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Patrick Martin to John J. O'Farrell, lot on ME
corner of Pacific avenue and Paru street, .N 60 by
E 100. ion 1, 2 and 3, block 40, Town of Encinal
Alameda; $10.
Mary K. Wright to John D. Tallant, lot on NW
line of Fruitvale avenue, 1515:6 .\K from' X corner j
of Fruitvale avenue and main road from Oakland
to Sun Leandro, thence XX 344:1u, N W 531 to a,
point in the middle of Sausal Creek, thence s to a
point bearing NVV from point of beginning, thence
HE 485 to beginning, containing four acres, quit
claim deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A lon Mr N. Clark to Maud A. Clark, lot on NW
line of Fifteenth street, 170 Wof Peralta. N 112 !
by W 25, being the W 15 feel of lot 6 and X 10
feet of lot 5, block 727 A, Oakland; $1.
Henry A. and Elizabeth W. Hebard to William
A. Johnson, lot on N W corner of Sunny Slope ave
nue «nd Sunny Slope Tract, NE 140.91, E 30, S
125, W 9-1.95 to beginning-, block C, Sunny Slope
Tract; also lot on N line of Sunny S'.ope avmue,
182 W of Pleasant Valley avenue, "\V 40 by N 125 $
block C, Sunny Slope Tract, Oakland; $5. *
Jane Stitt to James H. 'Wallace, lot beginning at
a stake in NW lino of Adams street (as proposed)
45.70 NE from N line of Lee. NE 15, NWIjo!
SW 15, SE 120 to inning, portion of lots 19 and
20, block Oakland View Homestead, Oakland*
also lot on -NW corner of Lee and Adams streets'
(as proposed), N 45.70, W 70, S 63.90, X 72.21 to
beginning, portion of lots 19 and 20, block E, same
s4sol).
Jane I". Martin to .1. West Martin, lots 1 to 15
18 to 27, block A, lots 12 to it!, block B, lots 1, 2,
3, block C, lots 1 to 8, block I), lots 1 to 9. block F
lots Ito 12,15, 18, 24, and N 30 feet of lot 16
thence S 15 feel of lot 22 and M 30 feet of lot 26
block P, lots 4 to 7, 11. 12, 13, and S 20
feet of lot H. Mock O, Stanford Tract, Oakland:
also all the land described In deed of Oakland in
vestment Company to J. west Martin, January 10,
1891 In 425 d. t>B, lying N of subdivision of portion
of Stanford Tract, as follows: Beginning at \V cor
ner of plat 28. Rancho V. <fe D. IVralta, thence NE
1662. sE 813:9, «\V J669:2, XW 814:9 to begin
niiiK, Oakland Township; Rift.
On« 11. and Martha Woodward to Albert O.
Woodward, lots 11 and 13, 1'ledmont Tract, Oak
land Township; $1.
Bnilder's Contract.
Julius Frankel with G. <). Gillespie, to erect a
twe-story building on V lino of Sacramento street
165 Eof Walnut; $3870.
» — — «
Southern estimates are that Southern
aßricultural, mining and manufactured
products for the current decade will be in
excess of those of 1880-1890 by $10,000,000.
•
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranciicoCxt.l^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery strut,
corner Clay ; optn until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larlcln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
BDtll 9 o'clock.
8518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lltt Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF JJEKTIMiS.
I'&Zr' CALIFORNIX'iib'DGE NO. 1, F. •
BfJ^. and A. M.; will meet THIS (THUIIS- fib.
DAY) EVENING. January 16. at 7:30 0
o clock. Second degree. By order of the
waster. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
R:^= UNITY LODGE NO. ISI. 1. x vsnuui. v , ■
"^^ 0.0. F.. Sixteenth and Valen--^^^^.
cia k:s. -OHioers ami members are re-
quested' to assemble at the lod-Tioom ' '•^."r*s-
FRIDAY, January 17, at ' 2 o'clock P. M. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. GEORGE STEWART.
..„ K. J. DAVIS, N. G.
AY ii.i.iam Thackeray. Recording Secretary.
C^^= TO LKT-HALL AND CLUBROOMS:
Br^ eventually to lease. 310 O'Parre.ll, basemont.
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
fflt^= REPUBLICANS ATTENTION — THE
■»-*' Regular Republican Club of the 30th Assem-
bly District will meet Tills EVENING at Pythian
Castle, 909 Market St., at 8 o'clock sharp. By
order F, E. WALLACE, President.
T. L. Dob a Secretary.
mer^s- dutch MINING AND milling COM-
• pony— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
Streets, San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
Vlst day of January, 1896, at. 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
Sau Francisco, January 11, 1896.
„ : ~ v G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. CLAussExiua, Secretary.
pf^S= PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R, R. CO.-
-"^ The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner sharp's ace, San Francisco,
Lai., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday.
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary^
Office— llll Union si., corner Sharp's Dlace, StiiP
Francisco, Cal.  ;.. .
[Krgp ANNUAL meeting— REGULAR
«**-** annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve tor the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Jj£ES=~thle oTTpifA>rsr~A'N~D
"*■*' orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Snbaner,
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.; Nellie Dixon, 5
yr-.; Margaret Binhnell, 12 yrs.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr. ; Mary Ambrose, 10 days: Rosie Morris, lOyrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 vrs. : Susie San-
chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs. : Meta Reeb, 2
yrs.: Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 6 yrs.; Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 yrs. ; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
-Miller, 1 yr.: Mary Pancnitic, 1 yr.; Mary Snow-
euburg. 9 yrs.; Vera MarKs, 4 yrs. ; Agnes Muse,
II yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.; Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley, 8 yrs. ;
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.; Lucretia Lenard, 6 yrs. ;
Walter Lenard. 7 yrs.: William white, a wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchinan, 4 yrs.; Laura
Catch man, 9 yrs. ; Agnes Catchinan, 6 yrs.; Irene
Catchman, 7 yrs. ; Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gastina
Montonin, 2 yrs.; Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Suowenbcrg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg. 8 yrs.
Abandoned children— Lizzie Doulon, 3 yr.s.; Mary
Donlon, 9 yrs.
ir~§= mrs. Wallace, io9~~powell st.,
ar-£? room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
ar^§= MRS. VESTA goldsmith has re-
I**-* 7 turned to 850 Market St., parlors 47 and 48.
pEs®= MISS PRANCES BERNHARD 17a
> -* ? Sixth, room I— Genuine massage treatment.
St-Tr* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
•*^*^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6580.
JJ-—S 3 MRS. KOBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
•>-*' 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
j3frrs=» CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
°E^ fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
Kr^K" WINDOWS CLEANED AN FLOORS
bV-^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
carnages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI <t CO.. 242 Sutter.
it^ST" ROOMS WHITENED, $1 UP; PAPER-
s»^^ ed $3 60 uu. 3171/2 Third. Ueome Uarlinan.
!jC3s=* CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Jr ■& Chiropodic Institute, room 9, 906 Market.
!Cf~s= ABANDONED CHILDREN ADMITTED
L**»^ into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1, 1894, until December 31, 1895: Wil-
liam Flusterbusch 5 years, James Doran 4 years,
Grace Doras 2 years. Johannah Moescfa 4 years.
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Flnsterbusch 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years. •' .-
situations KD-FEMALE.
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK,
\J washing and ironing, or housecleaning, or will
take washing and Ironing home, or a few offices to I
clean, or will lake a monthly place atslstos2o;
wishes to sleep home. Address W, box 77. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER; SITUATION WANTED;
hotel or lodging-house or gentleman's family;
chamber work; for good wages. Address H. k.,
box 51. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
to do unstalrs work; is first-class waiter and
first-class cook; $30. 11% Antonio. -off Jones,
near Ellis.
SW D ISH GIRL WANTS a situation AS
0 cook: is a good laundress. Address G. L., box
37. Call Office.
"yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by the day washing and ironing. Call or ad-
dress 905 V: 2 Howard si.
GOOD WORKER WISHES PLACE TO DO
\X general housework : wages moderate. Call or
address '-- Ash aye., near Polk st.
QITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
\ O woman: is competent cook; good home more
( object than wages. Call 1236 Bush st.
j ANTED— ] 1) WANTS SITUATION AS
. »» cashier In restaurant or to tend in bakery or
as housekeeper. Address A. 8., box 48, this office.
EXPERIENCED AMERICAN WOMAN DE-
sires light domestic work of any kind: Is trust-
worthy and obliging. Call at 737 Howard, rm 33.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
L small family for housework or chambervvork.
Call 971 Pine St., West Oakland.
GIRL, 16, WANTS SIT CATION TO TAKE
care children. Call or address 542 McAllister.
} [EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
\-i good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
] room 22. ;< ;
U rANTKD-BY YOUNG EASTERN GIRL, A
TT position to do second or general housework;
flrst-dasa wages: references. Apply 257 Clemen-
tina si.. off Fourth.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY CONSCI-
-l~ entious, economical young woman in a wid-
ower's family where there are Children; reference
given and required. Address S. 8., box 108, Call.
rriIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS SITU-
-I. atlon. Call or address 124 Fifteenth St., near
Howard.
\'oi\\<; WOMAN WOULD LIKE CHAMBER
-I work In a hotel or rooming-house. Address 437
O'Farrell st., room 24.
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
*-J girl to do ceneral housework and plain cook-
Ing. Call at 27 Clinton st.
T ADY WANTS A POSITION a! PIANO-
J-J player in dancing-school or to assist musician.
Address Pianist, 147 Ninth st.
DANISH YOUNG GIRL WISHES POSI 1 lON
I -LJ as beamstress or upstairs work; good refer-
ences. Call 617 Geary st.
■p lainTse i xa ) wanted: WILL TAKE
i work home or go oat by the day for 75c. Call
or address 108 Trenton st.
~\ OUNG Lady SPEAKING GERMAN AND
A English would like position as cashier in res-
taurant or bakery: either day or night. Address
C. 8., box 83. Call Office.
\\ T ANTED- r.V SW E DISH GIRL, SITUATION
M for housework in private family. Apply at
Fulton House, room 19.
QITUATION WANTED FOR UPSTAIRS
KJ work or nurse in private family. Call iiO2
Montgomery Bt . Wisconsin Hotel.
"VroUNO SWEDISH GIRL WISHES POSITION
-». as nursegirl or 10 do light work and be com-
na ., .?" to an aired con Die in a good family. Please
call 341 Freelon st., otY Fourth.
1) KSPECTAHLE GERMAN WISHES SlfuX
Jl lion In small Jewish family; is a first-class
cook: has best references. Apply 1702 i/ 2 Post st.
/'EII.MAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITCA-
v^ 110:1 for general housework and cooking In
American family; city or country preferred. Ad-
j dress C. P., box 31, Call Office.
tJOUHEKEEPER WISHES 'POSITION; CITY
.1 » or country ; is a good dressmaker. Ca 1 or ad-
«ires3 187 Seventh st., room 1..
( _} BRMAN GIRL WISHES'" a situation in
vj American family us firm-class cook. 8V 2 An-
tonio st., ofl Jones, near bills.
"yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS COM-
JL panion to . Iderly lady; salary not so much an
object as comfortable home. B. X.. box 5, Call.
nOJII'ETKXT AND «J'>RRKCT STENOGRA-
v>> pher and rapid typewriter, five years' experi-
ence, wishes position: finest credentials; will ac-
cept remunerative position only. Address G. M.,
box 166, Call.
A P I ) I) LE- AGKD WIDOW DESIRES A POSI-
- kind of work; good references.
Address A. M., box 17, Call. Office.
KI XI>EKIENCKJ) EASTERN DESIGNER AND
-»-< dressmaker wishes work by the day in families;
exquisite fitting. Modiste, box 21, Call Office.
WANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
" housekeeper; private or hotel: or would go in-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS. E.
R. WAGBNIIR, Uklah. Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
*' Market; 200 rooms : 25c to *1 50 per night;
«>1 .'0 to 56 per week : convenient and resreciable;
lree lu< to and from Ihe ferry. '
SITUATIONS V. A.NTEI»-»IALfc..
T> C. G. COOK'S SOC SUPPJJTEB COOES: AM.
J~ . branches^shori notice. 14 Geary. ;tel.Orant46.
HX'NTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
■ii esc employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and. Sacramento: te!. 231.
p.HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
■ officej best help. :■ 414y 3 O'Farrell; tel. E. 420.
( ) A(■ 1 1 MA NOR MAN ABOUT PLACE : THOIT
V oughly understends the care and driving of
horses; good gardener and milker: handy with
tools: best of rerenuces. Address A. S., box 119,
Call Ofnc*. .
V «'U.s ( , MaN, LATELY ARRIVED FROM
- 1 - Australia, ab talner. seeks employment of any
kind; can make himself generally useful. W. L.,
764_fc l olsom st. •
■■YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK IN A RES-
J. lam-ant or hotel: wages no object. Address
I li,, box 19, Call Office. '
taTTTATIOa S IF A» TED-Contlnned .
"V^OUNG MAN OP BUSINESS ABILITY
x wishes position in wholesale hardware or man-
ufacturing house; willing to work for moderate
salary: has good . business education: speaks
English, French and Spanish; best city refer-
ences. Address W. H., box 48, Call Office.
ITU ATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT BOOK-
kj keeper, driver or porter: city experience in
several lines; references furnished If required.
Address E. G. II box 86, Call Office.
COACHMAN; AGE 25; FIRST-CLASS REFER-
c . nce *£ rom P resent employer. Address W., box
6, this office.
WASTED-WORK OF ANY kind BY man
Work ' k ■*«? C°H Card for low wages - Address
A R D E N E R WISHES SITUATION; THOR-
Vjrouchly understands greenhouse and care of
private place; will do chores. Address R., box 51,
this office.
YOUNG MAN, 24, WISHES WyjnK, RUNNING
X engine, fireman, oiler, or anything: wages do
object; references. Address R., box 31, this office.
SITUATION BY MIDDLE-A«ED MAN AS
0 gardener; can milk, drive; handy with tools:
references. Address J. L., box 31, Call Office.
T> PLIABLE AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
Xt who has done a large variety of work, wishes
employment not exceeding 6 hours daily, with
board and perhaps additional wages proportional
to amount of work; is an inventor and will use the
rest of daylight in study and drawing mostly, but
could be called in case of emergency; no liquors or
tobacco; ref rencps. Address F., box 29, this office.
"yoUNG MAN BY BIRTH SWEDE WOULD
X like to find permanent employment in store or
warehouse; willing and not afraid of work ; would
give $20 or $25 as bounty money. Please address
G. A. A., box 45, Call Office.
ANTED-WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) to make beds, wait on table or kitchen-
work; city or country. Please address H.
VIELITZ, 631 Sacramento St., room 86.
QTJ2AD? MAN (TEAMSTER) WISHES A
O job In city; any kind of work, light or heavy
Address W. R., box 79, this office.
ASK, 28 YEARS OLD, THOROUGHLY UN-
derstands horses, cows, garden and general
work, wishes situation: reliable in every respect;
good references. J. N., 416 Broadway, S. F.
■yOUNG GERMAN CARPENTER, CABIN
-l maker, with tools, wants situation; is willing
to do any kind of work. Please call or address 120
Valley St.. bet. 28th and 29th.
EX PERIE N C E D WINE CELLAKMAN
wishes work; city or country: best of refer-
ence. Address H. J., box 48. this office.
5 1 T rATION WANTED TO CARE FO~R
O horses or work of any kind in private family;
best of references. A. 8., box 142. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED A SECOND COOK.
O vegetableman or dishwasher; best references.
Address S. L., box 90. Call Office.
BAKER, FIRST-CLASS ON BREAD AND
cake, wants situation. Address Baker, box
77, Call.
W ANTED, BY A YOUNh MAN, SITUATION
•' as under bartender; willing to work and make
himself lenerally useful; wages not bo much nn
object as a permanent place. Address ST. J., box
71, this office.
X ELI ABLE YOUNG MAX, AGE 27, WANTS
J-V' a situation as watchman; best of references.
Address W. M., box 47. Call.
O ITU ATIOX ANT ED-GOOD GENERAL
0 blacksmith (married), eood shoer and jobber;
city or country. Address Blacksmith, 110 Sanchez.
RELIABLE BOY, 16 YEARS OF AGE.
-LI; wishes a situation as office hoy or run a print-
ing press: has had some experience: resides with
lannts. call or address 647 Howard st.
WANTED— POSITION TO HO HOUSECLE AN-
' ' Ing or as janitor; can repair, such as kalsomin-
Ing, plastering or painting: business strictly at-
tended to: reference. Address TOBIAS BUTLER,
767 Harrison st.
WACTED-WORKKV YOUNG SWEDE; IS
''an all-round carpenter and horsemen: also
farm and garden work. Please address Y. 8., box
83, Call Office.
"CURST-CLASS COOK (GERMAN), SPEAKING
i- good English, wants situation; country pre-
ferred; bakes good bread ; references given. Ad-
dress 1301 Santa Clara aye., Alumeda.
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON A PRl-
vate place or ranch; woman good cook ; man
understands horses and farming: handy round
place; bes; of references. 973 Washington St.,
Oakland.
"yOUNG MAN DESIRES WORK of ANY
X kind; experienced In handling horses; has
worked In box-factory, or will do porter work.
J. D., box 21, Call Office.
} EXPERIENCED mining engineer de-
-i sires a position as manager, foreinan'or ass 13 . r
Of a quartz mine. Address J., box 59, Call Office.
TAI'ANESE COUPLE WANTS a si lUATION;
*> man first-class cook: wife wait on table and
general houseworker: good reference. Address
S. X., 1307 Larkin st.
7T6LORED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\J porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of
work. Call or address 619 Ellis St.. in rear.
FEMALE IIKLP WANTED.
GIRLS AND "WOJI EN FOR~~GOOD SITU
VJT tions of all kinds, both hotels and private fam-
ilies, $16, ?J0 and $25. Call on MURRAY <fc
READY, 634 Clay St.
"VfIGHT NURSE, INSTITUTION, $20: HOUSE-
-l> work. Oakdale, $25; Willows, $26: 12 house-
work girls, city and country, $15, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, ALA ME DA, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
\UAITRKs.S, PLAIN HOTEL, 815. miss
>* CULLKN, 105 Stockton st.
ATEAT YOUNG GIRL AS COMPANION AND
-> light work, $18. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
VTEAT IRISH GIRL, JEWISH FAMILY, $20.
1> MJSS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
17IRENCH AND SPANISH NURSE, ONE
JP Child, and travel, $20. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
PARLOR-MAID AND WAITRESS. $25;
J- second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
TIT ANTED— COOK" 'INSTITUTION,! 30 : WATT-
»» ress and parlor maid, $30; 3 Protestant Ger-
man and French second girls, $20: 3 cooks, Ger-
man style, $25 and $30: 3 chambermaids, $15,
and a great ninny girls for cooking and housework,
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312
Sutter st.
1 Y ANTED— GERMAN COOK AND SECOND
'» girl, s3o and $20; waitress and parlor maid,
$30; French maid and nurse. $25; French house-
work girls, $26 and $15; French cook, $30; young
girls to assist. LEON ANDRE, Sin Stockton st.
I EXPERIENCED HEAD WAITRESS FORA
■i hotel, $.;5; middle-aged preferred. C.R.HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
WANTED— NEAT WAITRESS AND ASSIST
*» nt chamberwork for nice country hotel, $20 per
month; tare advanced if required. Apply to \V.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, HOUSE WORK,S2S;
li- 'I neat houspglrls, $25; 4 housegjrls. $20:
honseglrl, 3 in fanulr, country, $25; 2 second girls,
$20; second girl, $25. Apply 315 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, HOTEL, COUNTRY, $80. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
V EAT (IE KM AX GIRL FOR GENERAL
J-' housework; wages $15 to $20. Apply 928
Fillmore st.
D GOOD LADY CANVASSERS ON SALARY.
O Apply to-day at office of United States Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
WAN SHREWD BUSINESS WOMAN
to associate herself permanently with large
iirm. Address Permanent, box 31, Call Office.
WANTED— GIRL TO TAKE CARE 9 CHIL-
» » dren and assist housework. 2307 Scott st., be-
tween 10 and 12.
•yOUNG (URL to assist in HOUSEWORK.
X 3308 California st., near Walnut aye.
yOUNG GIRL wanted TO assist IN
X light housework. 213 Seventh st.
G" lUL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1726
O'Farrell st.
G"IRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages moderate. 1805 Scott st.
/"I IRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND CARE
U of children. 1433 Valencia st.
NO. 1 FOli FAMILY OF 2: WAGES #25
JL> Apply 865 Broadway, Oakland.
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. .1538 Ellis |(. ..
WANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
' » how to cut regular tailor System; only reliable
system: no mode's, charts or squares used. COUJS,'
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city.
\ A TE D— G I RL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD
*' 3 years old ; long-standing reference required.
Apply 1326 Geary st., between 10 and 12 o'clock.
yOUN(i GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work. Inquire at 101 Brodenck st., between
10 and 12 a. m. .
SMALL WILLING GIRL ,O ASSIST WITH
baby: good home. 959 a Howard street.
PA NISH GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
work. 2022 Van Ness aye.
/ 1 I K LS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
VJT. 936 Filbert st.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN HOUSEKEEP-
Ing and cooking. 1204 Buchanan st.
C ALE GOES ON; SEETHE 50 LADIES' JACK-
O ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
OWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
>J Oflice, lli/ 2 Antonia st., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell- pat-
terns cut to order 26c up; pupils wanted.
IyANTED-PUPILS IX MILLINERY- NEW
" term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
M 1 ' CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
.-,.7, \\ Inches House. 44 Third St., near Market :
-00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to S6 per
week : free bus to end from the ferry. ■
D U ' U^«' l : H 5 SALE LADI I- B- WOOL SUITS
±J $3 90. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
ITAIRDIIESSING, 25c AND 3&c: MORNING
-»-i.and ev'g classes ;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
W ANTED-PUPI LS FOR PRACriCAL MIL-
,'... 'l De r- v: positions found; terms reasonable.
~04 lay lor st.
T A WHENCE PATTERN HOUSK-DRKSS-
J£cutt.ng gchool. 1231 Market st.,oet. Bth and 9th.
j )BESS-OU ITING TAUGHT, U. H. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER house. 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Mar . k « t - p: it c ' ric llKhls ln very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nieht; $1 60 to $6 per
»eekj fr»>e bus to «nd from the ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
T7,^?oo^c^i6^p^r^pin^Tnß^ed wood7
-»-" $1 cord: 10 redwood-tie makers; 3 farmers, ;
$25; 2chorebovs; felt and composition roofer; 3
cooks, $30 to $60; 2 waiters: dry-goods clerk, $40; !
lunch - counter cook, $6 week. MURRAY <fc i
READY, 634 Clay st. :
"V\r ANTED — 4 MORE CARPENTERS FOR
' » Central American, $6 day, silver; machine
blacksmith, $6 day, silver; butler, 25: choreboy,
$5 and found: waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
OOK AND WIFE FOR T RY HOTEL,
' wife to wait at table $60; second cook and ba-
ker, country hotel, $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
IPIRST-CLASS HOTEL PASTRYCOOK AND
-T baker. C. R. Ha NSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary st-
VI AN TO MAKE PICKET-SHAKES AND
1»J. work on shares; German c«llar-man, $15 to
$20: hostler, country, $15: waiter, *25. R. T.
WARD & CO., 61)8 and 610 Clay st.
AITER."S : ; : mSH WASHER, $10. HOTEL
V> GAZETTE. 420 Kearney st.
A GOOD TRUNK-MAKER is WANTED; At-
J.X. so a first-class life insurance solicitor: a good
chance for a competent man: ulso 3 good canvas-
sers on salary. Apply a: once to United States In-
dustrial Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
HOEMAKER OR BARBER TO RENT 2
rooms suitable for suop. SB. cor. Ellis and
Fill more sts. '
PESPECTABLE BOY TO LKARN GARDEN-
xt ing; board with family. 1005 Capp st.
/mi in PRESS FEEDER. UPTON BROS.,
VX 417 Montgomery st.
PROTESTANT MESSENGER-BOY; ABOUT j
X 14: wages moderate, all Sutur st., room 4.
US HELM AN ■ GOOD PRESSER. 14KEARNY
St., upstairs.
GOOD TAILOR ON CUSTOM COATS; YOUNG
vJT man. 527 Natoma.
I JOY WANTED USED TO, SHOEMAKIXG.
Ii 767 Market st.
pANCH COOKi GOOD BUTTER-MAKER,
It wages $16. Address R. C, box 119, Call uflica.
MAN TO JOIN ME; PAYING BUSINESS; $26
required. It., box 119, this otHc<». ■
1 Afl MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
LV'v/ clean towel to each; bay rum free; hair cut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y 3 Montgomery aye.
rtX.r ANTED— SOO MEN TO EAT 3 BIG~HOT
» I 1 -cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Drumm st.
"irOR SALE— BARBER-SHOP and FURNI-
J. tnrc of 4 rooms; cheap. Apply at this office.
BEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS, COFFEE, BIS-
X> cult, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay.
yOUNG M OR BOY TO LEARN BARBER
1 trade: must have some money. 841 Telegraph
aye., Oakland.
r EARN A TRADE-LADIES AND GENTLE-
J J men students wanted; only 8 weeks required",
tools given; write lor catalogue. San Francisco j
Barber College, 1515 Howard st. I
ME AND BOYS TO CANVASS; ENTIRELY
new article, fast seller; nrofits immense: city
or country. For particulars call or address 632
Market st., room 10: P. O. box 2299.
OH IP-CARPENTERS AND SEAMEN. 325
._ Clay st., upstairs. MORDAUNT & CO.
ANTED— S TKADY MAN, WRITING PLAIN
'» band, to assist generally in cash business; ex-
perience not required: must have $150 and be sat-
isfied with $*5 a month. 873y 2 Market St., room 1.
0 '.I \i \ WILL SECURE PERMANENT EM-
•JIOuV/ ployment: interest In the business;
money fully secured at good rate of interest. 753
Mission. WnH
\\- ANTED— BIDS ON LAUNDRY WORK FOR
TT two lodging-houses. 715 Howard.
THIRST-CLASS lot i R-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP;
Al location. Apply at this office.
BARBER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this offlice.
BARKERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238Vb O'Farreli st.
MOZART. SlB ELLIS— ROOMS TO 600 I
I*l- night, $1 _ 2."> to $5 week; reading-rooms.
Till-: RAILROAD BOOSE, COMMERCIAL
' St., below Montgomery— -Single rooms 15c night. I
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
A'KU- WALDO HOUSE. 705 MISSION, BET. l
-i-> Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
duy 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
ROSE DALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; Cl per week. rVir-:: :
■ \'K\V GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room. '
1? OR T l l E BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL \
try 131' a Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
ESTPLAi E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 Vfe, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
1»X is the best. C. KERTELL, san Mateo.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM :
-' 25c up; men's half soles, 40c 969 Howard st. '
WHAT CHEEK HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
»' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms !
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR :
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading- I
room: tree, bus to tind from the ferry.
BARB FUR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FL'CHS.
V*/" ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
' I their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KM X COLLECTION AGENCY 110 Sutler, r. 4.
1 1 I A Ml . N To TAKE LOI).tJMj AT loc, 1»c
I ' i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and roils.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
\I • ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'» steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. 6c. «09 Clay st.
A 1 EN'S V2-SOLIN(i 50c: LADIEs' 40c; DONE I
i.»-L while you wait. 638 Market, Opp. Palace Hotel, j
T INDELI. HOI SIXTH AND HOWARD- \
XJ single ftrnished rooms: 76c week, 15c night.
1 >AKBERS" PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> meni. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
Wanted— laborers AND mechanics
»' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, pi ill runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large roomy. 26a per night: $1 to $3 per week.
I/'RF.F. BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOB So;
X also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME: i
X single rooms 16c. 20c a night, $1 a week.
'A I \(\ MEN'S s KC7) ND- lIA^N "l ) S. SO M E '
"uU nearly new, -Jsc to *) 25. 562 Mission st.
BEST IN CIT SINGLE ROOJtS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, $1 25, $1 60 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\\T ANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1 |
» » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week; i
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. j
'PKY ACME HOUSE, <!.'i7 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for room: 25c a nlKht : $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR- I
ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 mm- I
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing a." half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission «t.. bet. First and Second.
AGENT) WANTED.
II V E A GENTS W ANTEI)!. APPLY room 13,
\-i between 1 and 3, Hancock House, 781 Mission.
T ADY AGENTS TO HANDLE FINE LINE
XJ ladles' articles: can make $25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
/California mutual benefit socibty i
\J wants pood agents to work its accident and i
sick insurance; liberal Inducements offered. J. '
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WANTED
C^A^H^R7c^^»AlirFOß"FullSlT"ußET~jX- <
; COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth. j
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR i
-fV second-hand furniture and carpets by Lnndy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
KOOMS WANTED.
WILL DO PAIN I IN.:, PAPER-HANGING OB I
" sgn in exchanee for 1 or 2 rooms. Address C i
T. W.. box 51. Call Dili.-.-. ' i
WANTKU-MISCELLAMiOUS.
XpiRST- CLASS GAS-ENQINEV6TO 10-IK,,lsk
J power; St te lowest cost price, how long used
and full particulars; must be cheap. AddreSs W., S
box 4, Call Office, *' ]
Wanted-your watch, if IT needs
''  V ■airini-: best worK at half the regular price
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearnv st., Third floor!
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND Jew"
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal. ,
DENTISTS.
T\R. GEORGE W. LEEK. tlTk~^T?nTTne
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of Dainle«i extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or ,ee°h
without any plate, moved from 6 10 20 u'Farren st.
j>AlNi.Kss EXTRACTION. 50cT CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up- 13 Tear?
experience. R. L. W a La II, D. D. - ,si 4 d ear". !
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PI \r:
DR. H. G. YO N , 1841 Polk st. PLAri
YVR. H H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRIDGE- '
xj work a specialty|open evenings 7:30 to 9.
T\R. L." T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS"
-L, crown work, bridge work and teeth without [
plates a specialty. 103 Geary^st.^or.^jrant aye.
OK^ N^ Aij ASSOCIATION, 759 MAH-"
V 7 keu bet. id and 4th, fras specialists: only rel!- |
• bleagem for painless extraction: artificial teeth !
frmjo^lUUngs trm $1; extracting 5Cc. with gas ?1. ,
•<D..-7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
a- Ln f°2o.?^, can be made; flllins $1. DR. SIMMs, i
dentist, 93 ° Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
j\K. LUDLUM 11J1.t.. MARKET ST..
A' near Eleventh: .110 charge tor extracting when
Plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teem irom $8 per .set extracting 50c: gas given.
/ •'OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. suti MAR-
'^ketst._Dß. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T\R. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR." GOLDEN
bate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. ■ DR. .1. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
CUES.
\\r INDBOR BicYCLKsV stbTotly HIGH !
" grade; no stamping : all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT* CO., 324 Pont St.. .-.. F.
PARK CY'CLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET; i
x best accommodations. Terminus Gaary, Mo-
AlUiter ana Powell st. car hue*.
personals.
nTTm^orTE~ci?i>^~*
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to » 3.1
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 op
Oak lied Sets '....; ?17 60 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves «nd Ranges *8 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON AN,
1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission at., above Sixth.
OECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 102S Mission St.. above -I^tth.
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOR SALE
J t also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE PARTI HAVING MONEY IN-
vested at small interest can do better by con-
sultlng W. C, box 31» Call Office.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATH
laws a specialty: suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable : collections, etc. O.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 85OMarket, cor. Stockton.
MKs. m. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilnntl Union Suits and Equestrian Tight*
Joros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout firu;es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions;
semi for catalogue. 34 Geary St., san Francisco.
iss DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MlL-
lincry c.hss at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty. first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NE. cor. Pine-, full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONES— WHY DIDN'T YOU (if) LAST
-£V night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER-
kr s parlors (successor to Mme. Spitz), 111 Stock-
ton st.: received best attention: was surprised at
price; only 25c; to-night sun-. BESS.
TVRESSM A KING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
xy located ; for sale cheap. P.M.. box 53, Call Office.
piCTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
X glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15e;
\ lJ L}i. a " (1 12x16. 20c; 16x20, 30c: 20x24, 450.
JOKES, 5*7 Mission st.
E« v 1"! LAN HENNA, «1; HAIRDYE. PER-
fectly harmless. iJingley-Mlchaels Co.: all
chemists; Hubbard's 923,. Hauptll's. 1156 Market.
|?OB FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A."
J BTBASBER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTING TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424,
Pine st.
Q» I A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<tP 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN.
£U Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to ft} per
week: free bus to and from the ferrr.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sinter st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye.,
where the Dost of coal can be had at lowest prices.
T IBERAL ADVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
JU elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS, $1 60: FrTlTl -7-
±\J\J\J phone "Black 141." HlLL. 724% Market.
LD . BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1 166 Mission St., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome st.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS 1 AND LADI ii »
«-lotlilng bouchr.. CIH.MAX. 41 Third st.
DKKBSMAKEBs.
D~^kl^SEs7'rT~AN7>l ;l ITTE dT *3PdRESSEs7
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
CLAIUVOY A>T>s.
M~~AjnA^r~p^jHT7?HTc A~prrruE^^
the past, present and future; ladles SOc, genti
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $160. I2tj
Turk St., near Jones.
HIS IS NOCATCHPENNYHUMBUG:PROF.
x ZAUZIC, occult scientist-palmist; pa^t, present,
future in general: satisfaction positively guaran-
teed ; 60c. 305 Eddy ■:.. hours 2to 9.
I ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i'I er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted: names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
fossible: feesl: letter $2. 923 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
AT.: TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. : has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 23 J6 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
PROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST. CLAIIT
voyant: has no equal: gives valuable advice:
convinces if others fail. 633 Post, 8 to 9; aldoSund.
MME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
great clairvoyant and card-reader: seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms in san Fraeclsco; ladies and gents
60c 917 Market St., parlors 3 and i.
STAR LIGHT READS YOUR CARKKK FROM.
the cradle to th«» grave. Parlor 6 s,i.Si: 2 M» r ic-t.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: KKVKALS
past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
MRS. BYNERSON, WORLD-FAMED L(£
cater of mines and minerals. Room "^O. 148
Sixth st.
PRESENT. PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
X ; '■'■i.KTTi:. 311 Tehama St.. near Fourth.
SPIRITUALISM.
TO- DA V AT 3 O'C Li )C X /M O STEERS^
X ladies only; readings dally. 101 Grove st.
rpO-NIGHT— KATIE HI ESSM A VEST
I meeting, 793 Stevenson off 9th: 10c; sittings *1.
MRS." F D LTO N;SLA T F. f RITI N SEANCE
to-night. 31 Fell st.
RS. C. CORNELIUS HOLDS DEVELOPING
circles Thursday evenings. 1035 Market st.
I>ROFESSOR VAN DE VERE^ "
That famous exponent of occultism Is now In the
city; advice given on business investment: specu-
lation, love, courtship, marriage auil divorce, in
fact, upon all matters affecting your future happi-
ness: letters with stamp answered; oflu-e hours 9
a. m. to Bp. m. Parlors, 305 Jones, between Eddy
and Ellis.
AIRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE, Ps.YCHO.ME-
i'I. trist and diagnostician: circle Tuesday , Thurs-
day and Friday nights. 708 O'Farreli street.
~\ DDIE SWAIN. PSYCHICS :nSITIVE,WILL
■TV read for ladles only. 227 (Scary st.
GYPSY MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE;
*J_ readings 50c, gents $1. 1003 Mission st.. r. 1.
A [ME. PULLKN: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 8 TO 9;
__. 10c; sitting daily. &65y 2 Market si . room 10.
MISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT ; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 70(ji « How-
ard St.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY^ CLAIRVOYANT
-I*l tnnce medium : sittings •?]■ 218 Stockton s:.
LOST.
T^ST^FROM "Ho^r^A^?C?rEZ~ST7rs A TU iC
i^i day evening, an English female pug. Rtturn
to above address and receive reward.
MONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
li papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister s:.
VdIXD.
POUND- a YOUNG BROWN FEMALE DOO:
X 1 has collar and teg on. Call at -J3 John si., off
Mason.
mkdhjal;
MRS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DIS
__ the womb a specia ty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
A 1.1. EM ALE IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few boars; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once: home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 I'ost St., near Larkin.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INS RU .
merits or worthless pills used : every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter irom what cause; restores always in one day:
II you want to be treated safe and ran call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
ail cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
Das. GOODWIN MAKES A "SPECIALTY ->F
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day. guaranteeing a cure or no
Chance; separate home for patients: best skill;
m-diCRI attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1 370 Market.
1 AIXIES — CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PEJf-
J.J ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other: send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company, "
Philadelphia. Pa. ■ ■■■'■ ■■:■■
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
-r\. lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, restore* all cases by an improved
method, superior to others: ladies will save' time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling 011 others;
patients who have been imposed upon arj- spe-
cial!^ invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
DA VIES, 14. McAllister St., near Jones.
J A DIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
-I ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall:
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
lormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
K. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAtt
;Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A SURE CURB FOB ALL .FEMALE Dl.<£
-TV eases, from whatever cause; a homo in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 2V!tt Turk st.
DU PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS-"
safe and efficient emmenagogue- 31 ncr bo-'
RICHARDSACO.,dro S glsts,4ußClayst..Bbleag ? »l
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'SCARK.
A MRS. DR.FUNK'S. l4l6Ei hth B t. Alameu
\\ «S. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOMK IN
•»i confinement: irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation : pills 92. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH A BOON TO
XV ladies troubled with irregularities: do danger-
»afe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't del*r
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cat.
11-' IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEA9B
X see Mis. Dr. .Vuetz and be content. V&4Ya 4th.BUSINESS Jgg A^, c J?'! > . -n.-^, —
CJ'-JO^ PARTNKRWANTED-^OXE OF THE
•?♦>— O. handsomest ntted-up bars on East st.;
1 »mi>elled to sacrifice: remaining partner responsi-
ble- business man. STERN BERG CO.. 632 Market.
-• Qft A *■ RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAR-
•^OUU. kef latest improvements; recrlpts av-
erage *:-0: week's trial allowed: look at this fore
buying elsewhere. i-TEKNBKRG CO..fa32^>arket.
-.)-,> SALOON, YEARNS >: NICELY
C — i)V'« fitted op: this place is very .nvitin?
up.d snltahle for 2 persons: expenseslighl; bargain. 1
BTENBERQ CO., 632 Market &t. ■ I
UAKERY, COl PARLOR: VERY BEST
I") location; finest titted-up place in city: has very
largo counter and outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
h»tisfied: owner has 3 places ; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STEXBERG « CO .632 Market st.
► 7Aft PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS
> i \)\l. that pays to each #250 t05350 monthly:
thorough invest gation allowed. JOHNSON,
ioU Kearny st
IMXE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARXY, NEAR
X Market st. JOHN- rON, 26 Vg Kearny st.
.1-- ' PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
rl 10, business in this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 26%
Kearny st.
_• 4f\i\ GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
OiA'U. nee. JOHNSTON. 26 1 /-! Kearuy st.
>. 0 f\i . RARE CHANCK, PRODUCE AND
JjiOvH'. dairy business; old established; good
trade: protus 5125 a mouth; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 26% Kearnyj^ ________
. i-.i PAYING COFFEE SALOON. OYSTER
»**4i)v". and chophouse: best location: low rent:
receipts ff 15 to $-0 a ilav; finely fitted; bargain.
BARRETT & SKIFF, Bk>sia Market st.
.-,.,.! I R ST-CL ASS HOME BAKERY
£»i)l" ' . with all counter trade of $16 to $20 a
thiv: No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished; trial
given. BARKETT & SKIFF, fc65V3 Market st.
.1.1 CANDY STORK; FURNISHED RMS.; !
> —0. cheap. BARRETT _ CO., 8651 Mkt.
7S"AN"DY^TORE; NO. 1 LOCATION; FINELY
\J fiti<>-i ; doing cood business; best reason for sell-
ing. BARKKT T & S Kll'F. 865V 3 Market St.
_• inn iCOF FEE ; SALOOX AND CHOPS;
t* i 4'"'- Market and Sixth; finely fitted;
bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, 866% Market st
fIfc^rtA!GROCERY AND BAR. BEST POSSI"
JJStU'". glble location; 8 living rooms: death
causi- salp. B A R RETT >fc SKIFF, 8651^ Market.
Vi'nn Pa\iNG~CO"RXKR GKOCKUY AND
.s)UU. bar; Hvins-rooras; r.^nts2s: mustseli;
offer wanted: Barrett. S6si^ Market st.
AiIAA LIGIrFB'J^iXESS; SAME HANDS
C-UU. 3 years: rlpanng $20 week; suitable
for mi and wr.e ur two ladies. STANLEY, 8
Geary, room 2. £^
">. |AA PARTNER WANTED; INDOOR
ij'iUU. business: ran by present owner 14
years; suited to plain sieady man satisfied with
575 to $100 a menti; trial given. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
* TTKNTION. LIQUORMEN.
-."V French liquor-store, corner, In Western Addi-
tion: esijifclisut-d years: must ha to '1 In 3 days;
sickness: fixtures, etc., $500; stock at coat. Par-
tioulars 533 Ca'Hornia st-. Phoenix bar. WILKE.
</•-.( 1 SALOON IX BUSINESS CENTER,
•.. UOv. with lease; fixtures alone cost $1200:
s:i>ek ?300: must sell in 3 days; partners bought a
r. n :h. Inquire 533 California •:.. Phoenix bar.
Al'HE>r\"oU ARE ' - ■ STED WJ l'U O TH-
e rs' ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIDY A CO., 13y s '£:xth gt.
OLD ESTABLISHED ING HOUSE. IN
connection with tin? sa'.ooa: doing gooa busi-
nms; tine location. REIDY & CO., 13Vj .;h st.
FnO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
i of any kind sea STRAND a- CO.. is Third st
QQAA LIQUOR-STORE, third st., NEAR
Qt/VJU. Market; sacrifice. RAND, 45 Third.
<'>" \ restaurant; near market
V'« • *->• St.; offer wanted to-day. STRAND, 45
Third St.
< 1(111 SALOON MEX ATTENTION: OLD
•- "!""■ established saloon: pays well; actually
w ort $600. ST R A X D _ CO., 45 Third st.
<J">(4 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
Qwv- bargain; to-day. STRAND, 45 Third.
TO SELL OR BUY A GOOD BUSINESS OF
any kind go to 402VJ. Geary st., business broker.
O 9^o OR HALF -INTEREST IN WELIr
0 —<>\J established lunch - counter, chophouse
and oyster parlors in best possible locality; owner
n.it able to tend place both liizht and day: a mint
for experienced man; investigate. 925" Washing-
ton St., upstairs.
■VV- ANTED— PARTNER WITH $400 CAPITAL
"to joia » paying enterprise: profits doubled
monthly. Adaress U., box 86. Call Office.
-.•■'" I•( . CONTROLLING INTEREST IN
O~ • >\J\.J. well-established wholesale fruit and
produce commission house; business steadily in-
creasing; remaining partner is experienced" and
competent; strictest investigation; no agents. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2180, city.
"J7OR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS CORNER GRO-
X eery and bar. ii.tie.i in the best location in
San Francisco, will te sold cheap for cash or will
exchnnze lor city or country property. Apply SE.
corner Grove tmi Ortavia sts.. San Francisco.
J-i-' LARS CASH BUSINESS FOR SALE
X cheap: on account of sickness; splendid oppor-
tunity; cull at c_ce. _l J;<i, <).i Broadway,
Oakland.
~\ T A SACRIFICE; GOING TO LEAVE THE
-' couuiry: elder and syrup manuiacturiu; com-
pany. Apply 241 Eighth st.
TLhTr SALE AT A BARGAIN : LIQT-OR-STORIO,
X 233 Third St.; large stock on hand; owner
wants to sell en account of sickness. '
TOOK AND FIXTURES ;OF GROCJ BY-
store; must te scld at once; owner retiring from
business; no reasonable offer refused. 501 Hayes.
C* ROCERY AND BAR, 4 LIVING-ROOMS. 253
VJT Clara st.
Ci LOW.
Apply 795 Mission st.
<^')')~ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
•_ — — ''• tionery •■■r.-: 4 li\ ins-roams; rentslS;
no agents. 341 Vi Fifth st.
GFOR SALE. APPLY
1552 Folaom st., cor. Twelfth.
'i'li'iO CIGARSTORE AND ~CLr BROOM,
»_ w.M'. es:abiisliel several years; large stock,
fine fixtures and a good, steady trade. C. R., box
64. Call. HblSB
YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE PARTNER TO
X start restaurant; trade guaranteed. Address
T. J. C, box 19, this office.
FOR SALE-GROCERY BUSINESS ON MAIN
street, Oakland; stock rew and well assorted: a
good chance to secure a well-established business.
8., box 175, Call Oflice, Oakland.
V• ' "~ ' GOOD RESTAURANT; WORTH
'. OI«J. $500; if sold to-day a bargain. Apply
this office; no agents.
b^fj siACRIKICE; FTRST - CLASS RES-
• •><t\J. tauran:: most be sold immediately ac-
count departure: bKst location: $25 day receipts;
nr. 3 canines: 2 living-rooms; long cheap ground
lf-ase; no agents. Inquire Call 1 ffice.
I/ml) r .-ALi;-( IGAR-STAND lil LAUNDRY
X olhce; on account of other busiue3S; no agents.
Apply 243 Fourtn.
/ 1 OOD PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE LO.
VJ" cation; price reasonable. B. S., box 61, Call.
Vy ELL-FURNISHED PAYING HOUSE, 10
"* rooni3 and saloon: cheap rent; owner will
keep saloon and pay half rent. Apply room 1, 524
Pine st.
GOOD PAYING SALOOX. 772 HARRISON ST.
See owner, 427 r'cnrtb St.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AX INVEST-
ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D.. box 43, thlsofflce.
NT D- PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
»» Ital, lady or gent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress^ A. m. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, san Jose, Cal.
SALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNJiU; EX-
perience not necessary; some moneY; 633
Howard si.
<_9^fl CIGAR-STORE; FINE CORNER;
is£jU\J. fine fixtures and stock: no night or
Sunday wort. Near Postoflice and Appraiser's
building, SW. cor. Washington and Sansome sts.
UST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY I—2 EX-
mill ill, stand cor. fcansome and Sutter.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner,
©QAnA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
<3>O\J\J\J. paper; pays 8150 per month. Apply
this office.
IRST-CLASS SALOON FOR SALE; LOCA-
lion: trade: lease. Particulars address C. J!.,
box 119, Cull Office.
I > A PER ROUTS FOR PALE, TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
CORNERS V LOON 1 OB sale cheap; must
V-/ be sold. Inquire 817 Kearny st.
fWi EA PEST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one rear for $1 50, post-
«ce free. .
HOBB£ i.
OR^A^K^onlE^ilA^^E^yYs^l^OjLD-
ster; will drive double or sin;!'-: can be seen at
Olympic Club istuble. For particulars apply at
504 Sutter st.
T"-i.7\ sets new and second-hand hah-
X >J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T7in HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
1 " 'U driving horses just from (_• country; also
rast pacers and trotters. Apply 862- Howard St.,
G. i FNDAUER, proprietor.
HOKSKS PASTURED; 92 A MONTH: GOOD
carp and feed; send for circular. Tho ll^'la
r mil, 630 Commercial st. . ' * ;
wi-.sii'HAi., VETERINARY SU!i-
j,eoa for S. F. Police Department. Office and
1.n.-p, t.-il, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
V/T~HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO W^aT-ox-*
l'J bntgien, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lions
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every W«fiiw
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
I n'ripßETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
x\J\.f kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cam: j
»Im> 'JO cheap lioniM. Flfteentii and Valencia »:<.
■ _____ ;
attok.vi;ys-at-law.
DVii I. iju:i;. DIVORC-I AND PROBATE '
- v laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
I'olico courts; terms rt.__onuble; collections, etc. i
W.HOWE, att'y-at- «50 Market,cor.stoc_toc :
'j' J."MURRY, -ii . AND COUNSELOR AT
1 • law; advice five. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15. !
\\ r W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW,__f- I
'» • CalUornia St.. nns. li-1B; ad Tic* frw. I
I.OIH.IMi-HOI'SKS FOR SALE.
V STKVBIi'Bn A CO"""~ ' ~~ "'.
•*£ nn 63 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
10 rooms; sunny corner; one floor $400
45 rooms: vicinity of Baldwin; transient.. ... .3250
lb rooms; .-i doors: north of Market .. . 800
30 rooms: owner 6 years; offer wanted . . . ... .' 700
C? 9] (\ 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCAI lON-
*iP*-'X\7. nearly new. ■ '
18 rooms; best corner in city SI 600
14 rooms, on Geary st .. ' 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell .......... 700
10-room house; very central 150
H.C. DECKEU,' 1206 Marketst.Vcor Taylor.
t^fiO 000 lir, OX FURNITURE.
_-__.______:• 1206 Market st.
&900 i*- 1100 ** HOUSE, NEAR" THE
npi/VVJ. Baldwin; inpayments. DECKER, 1206
M.:\rket.
ffl* 1 Z.f\ 10-ROOM HOUSE; CLEARING $40.
<PX<JU. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
"VriNE-ROOMED HOUSE, RENT $30; MUST
■I* sell; no agents. 869 Mission st.
HOUSE OF 32 ROOMS; ALL COMPLETELY
,„ • furnished ; all rooms occupied; $1500. A., box
la.>, this office.
OUSE, 72 ROOMS: MUST SELL; A BAR-
-» x iriun: owner eavlng town. 307 Fourth st.
FURNITUKK rOB SALI2.
WK WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1 ■
» » Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpels at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) 75c
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIREK i SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
Ho! KHaskv. furniture and bed-
• ding; new folding-beds, S9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
HEDUCT 1 0 X SUN LARGE STOCK, NEW AND
XV second-hand; 400 carpeu, good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c: parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c; 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 60: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $6; cash or installments; goods shipped
free. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
I^'U BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND All-
X 1 tides of every description. D. McRAE, b29
Mission st.
CARPET CLEANING.
p a r pet^~cleXned~Xn d~renovated
V^ like new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 3(5. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
• 14th St.; cleaning ac a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
IT\- SI EAM CARPKTCLEANIXG.REXOVA-
J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J* MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 225.
ATION A L CARPET BEATING AND RISNO-
Xl vatin« Works HAMPTON _BAILLY : layin?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 214.
\V HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"" poor work send to SPAULDING'S l'ioneerC_r-
pet Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: lei, Ko-40.
pOXKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa. Hi
\J «w»!d"n (Sate »v<*. : ty!<>p}ioiio ea»t 126. :
PIANOS. .VIOLINS. JtTC.
9 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE ORGAN FOR
— church or studio: half price. 815 Webster st.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 3-4 Post st.
■ * PARTY LEAVING THE X IS obliged
-T_ to sacrifice their elegant Chic_enns piano. See
it at room 10, 809 Market st.
A BEAUTIFUL STEINWAY PIANO must
-'V be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
it : a very low price will secure it. Room 21, Flood
building.
ALL CASH AT ONCE WILL SECURE AN
. upright piano for 565; now is your chance.
Room 10, Flood building-
/ ■* o x < 1 vi 1 ; PIANO; AS GOOD AS XEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. Vv". SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33» Post gt.
ff|Hn BARGAIN; FIXE UPRIGHT; GOOD
C i IU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ _ CO.,
16 McAllister st.
VJ 1 VV UPRIGHT PIANO. ORGAN, FOLDING
--> bed ; must bo sold. L.. box S. Call Office.
PIANOS^ '
Hazelton, Hcmme and Lone, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 735 Market st.
_! 1 (\f\ LARGE, EASTERN MAKE. UP-
; tJIIUU. right piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
. phickekingTknabe, SI ECK.VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos: sue our n-w piano for $187: pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 16 O'i'arrell.
GREAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
G"^~REAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. jaORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'• rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
:.:..! organs sold for cash or Installments.
All: NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
j we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
j have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY .£ CO.,
I corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
fl_l 7C CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
1 O X • <>. upright; perfect order. 103 9 Van Ness.
I \ ECKER BROS., hTEINWAY.FISCHER A D
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHLER &
CHASE, '-8 and SO O'Farri St.
EASY TERMS ;"LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
JUNE PIAXO FOR sale OR RENT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ.IC McAllister st-.nst Hibernia Bank
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby it Evans, Brings and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD <& NEW
H. M I.'LLKK, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OTEIXWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, |125j squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st. .
A RRI V 1 _>— A LOT OF CELEBRATED lIIGH-
-*V grade 1. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth si.
HA I X BROS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IX-
strument, surpassing any piano that we hare
hitherto bandied: we invite a critical inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post su
PEN FOR BUSINESS.
Tne finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st- bpreckels building. '
1 OK SALE- MISC_LI.A.NhOi
ToHN~jT~SH E5 A xT~f> EAIiElt 1 X^BfTx
O kindling-wood; cheapest and best. Oflice, Powell
and North Point sts.; telephone 595.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S -neet Rattan Company, 104^0'Farrell St., near
Stockton.
BO V YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and gave middle-
j man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
I NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
Or IMPROVE 1 > HIGH- ARM SINGER
«U — «J. sewing-machine: 7 drawers, attachments;
i equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union st.
13 AR OUTFITS. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
X) scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
_KL-PLATKD CUSHION TIRE KAM-
1> bier; only $10. 326 McAllister St.
p OLDEN GATE GAS ENGTNE. APPLY TO
VI Browning A Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
IjURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102 Clay
ONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES DOR
l»i salo or given away. KAHN _ CO., 220 Cal. St.
BBLLOWB, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st. ;
EN < ' YCTjO lA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
XU old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
tire and bnrglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
MEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfc Co., 12 California st.
CO 0 T£R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
VJ bought and »old 1 121 V, Market bet. 7th and 8t&
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGH^SOLb.iEXcIIANGED^
-TV rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SHERIFF'S SALE.. ~
SHERIFF'S BALE-BY VIRTUE OF AN
O order issued out of the Superior Court of the
I City and County of San l-'rancisro. to me directed
1 In the matter of HOWARD BLACK, an insolvent
I debtor, 1 have seized and shall expose for sale at
1 public auction at 11 o'clock a. m., on FRIDAY,
I the 17th day of January, A. D. 1896. at 3 Mont-
j gomery street, air the right, title and interest of
I said insolvent, in mid to the following-described
j property, to wit: That certain furnishing goods
i business situated at 3 Montgomery street, in the
City and County of San Francisco, owned and
formerly conducted by said Howard Black, to-
gether with the fixtures, merchandise, stock in
trade and sundries contained in said store and
everything thereto belonging, all of which said
property is now In the custody of the Sheriff.
Terms: Cash la United States gold coin.
Dated San Francisco, the 11th day of January.
1 A. D. 1896. RICHARD I. WHELAN.
Sheriff of the City and County of San Francisco.
QHERIFF'SSALE— BY VIRTUE OF AN OR-
O der issued out of the Superior Court, Depart-
i ment No. 10, in and for the City and County of
j San Francisco, State of California. In the matter of
; PHILIP X. YUNG. In his individual capacity
; and us a partner, transacting business under the
firm name nnd style of P. N. YUNG A- CO., and
also a :nombt*r or partnership entitled YUNG A
HENSiLEY. I have levi»d upon all the right, title
and Interest of said insolvent, In and to the follow-
ing described property, to-wit: Wines, liquors,
<-jish register, safe, ■ nlckel-in-the-slot machine,
glassware, decanters, empty bol.les, lixttircs, etc.,
etc. .
Notice is hereby given that on SATURDAY, the
18lh day of January, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., at
warehouse corner of Ash avenue and Larkin
streets, in the City nnd County of San Francisco, I
will Hell the said j above-mentioned property to the
highest bidder for cash. .-
RICHARD I. WIIELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, January 4. 1896.
«l!I!T>IN<; ASM LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CwN I IXKXI'AI. BUILDING AND LOAX AS
sociation— Hum* oflice, 222 tsansome st., S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hlll.Pres.;
Oliver Kidridge V.l'r.; W corbiii,Bec.«tGen.aiaa t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
910 PERRY T s¥^^"]ROO_lS~A?fD
— I— basement; rent $12 50: water free. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery «t.
HOUSE 7 ROOMS-BATH; LARGE YARD".
1515 Jackson St.. between Larkin and Polk.
HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH TO LET.
151 Minna st. '
pHEAFKST HOUSE IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
yJ bath; modern; $20. 634 Va Valencia, near
Sixteenth.
9 1] GEARY— HOUSE 11 ROOMS AND
ililJL bath: rent reasonable; key at 217%.
HOUSE, 2225 POST— 6 ROOMS AN I) BATH;
basement; large garden; stable; driveway.
<I|;qA REDUCED FROM $40: NICE MODERN
<pOu. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND '
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN _. HAM
M('XI) 10 Montgomery st. -
FUUSISHED JIOUSKS.
HAN DSOME, SUNNY, NICELY FURNISHED
XX house: very reasonable to small family. Ad-
dress J.. box 3, Call Office. -■
Ip LEUANTLY FURNISHED: CAN LIV'S
-i rent free. 1431 Market st.; modern: sunny.
tOII'AGES TO LET.
"l 7 a c Uasox-T~ floo'm '■ cablelline !
X I \JO $11 to steady tenant; key at nou~e.
flats to let.
oT^Tlpai^oTk^o^w^unn^^o^w^r
-ilia flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN <&
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
9 3 ROOMS; BATH. 11l THIRTEETH
«Ipx_j. St., near Valencia.
©9A ONLY FOR 7 FIXE ROOMS; BATH;
iip£\J all modern improvements: basement and
yard; 721 Fourteenth st.. near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery.
fl_l 7 LOWER FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
<Ip J- I . 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
71 A NATOMA-FLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
I X a: basement; large sunny yard; nr. Eighth st.
9/« l a SUTTER — MODERN BAY-WINDOW
_Olt flat: sun all day; yard front and rear: 16.
KXTSHED~FLAT 7 ROOMS. BATH. 1312
' Larkin St., near California; call 11 to 2.
ATEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 5 LIGHT
->-\ looms: $18; bath; gas: tubs.Oll Folaom,nr.sth.
<mi Q 3167 GEARY, NEAR COOK— NEW
tJIO. low flat, 5 rooms and bath: two weeks'
rent free to pood tenant. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO., 220 Montgomery st.
<J_l Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
0 1 O. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at 956
Union St., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & ICROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
d_OK FLAT: 1209 BUSH; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
t3? — c).. bay-windows. Apply 1211b. ■
SIX N V I PPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller st., or. Fillmore.
SI X X V FLAT 3 BOOMS; GARDEN: ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath ; $13 ana $16. 1706 Pose st.
I PLAT— UPPER 1-LAT OF 4 SUNNY BOOMS
T and bath: 1262 Eighteenth st- : rentals: new
building. BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ' ' "- * : '
PPER FLAT; 27 SHOTWELL ST. 6 ROOMS
handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
TALEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
XJ low Bryant, 5 nnd 6 rooms, bath: 58 to $16.
A V ED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN „ HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
J\ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSK^KEPING KOOMS.
Eddy Street.
/>■] 7 EDDY — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OX I double parlors, with kitchen, ,
-1 7 EDDY— THREE UNFURNISHED SUN-
I 1 I ny rooms for housekeeping.
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH— NICE SUNNY SINGLE AND
— —J- double housekeeping rooms cheap.
J9QI FIFTH— SUNNY FltoXT ROOM AND
1 — <• -Z kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping. ' !
; First Avenue.
/J9"| FIRST AYE., RICHMOND — LARGE
tt— «X room for light housekeeping.
r 01 Mini Street.
Ill' FOLSOM, SW. COR. LANGTON-3 CON-
-l X X O netting unfurnished housekeeping rooms ;
rent $11.
Fourth -.treat.
DA 7 FOURTH— LARGE ROOMS FURNISHED
Ov/ I for housekeeping; rent SB.
lieary Street.
IQI 7 GEARY — PARLCR, BEDROOM,
lull dining-room, sewing- joom, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries: $24.
olden Gate Avenue.
1 CIA GOLDEN GATE — FINELY FUR-
XUXU Dished hay-window lower flat; every con-
venience for house-keeping; sun all day; yard;
rent reasonable.
Howard Street.
1"I 9QA HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH —2
-L— O large rooms furnished for housekeeping-
Victor range, closets, bath, etc.; In American
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
1 1 HOWARD -2 LARGE FURNISHED
XX x£i housekeeping rooms; range; rent $10;
also unfurnished.
Jessie Street.
JOO JESSIE ST., NEAR MINT AVE.-2NICE
_:«J_i sunny housekeeping rooms; also single-
cheap.
Lurk iii street.
_[9Q LARKIN— FURNISHED ROOMS; LIGHT
rx*-i€7 housekeeping; single and suite.
/)O9 LA KIN- NEATLY~FI7RNISHED BAY
tt«JO window rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
McAllister Street.
QIA MCALLISTER ST.— UPSTAIRS; LIGHT
0 11' housekeeping room; $7.
Mission -■tree i.
OOQ MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
000 housekeeping rooms; 1,2 or 3 at $6, 8 or
fl2 per month.
fl J 7 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
O "I I sunny rooms; complete for housekeeping.
1 9__ I MISSION — _ CONNECTING ROOMS
lii'll completely furnished; gas- private;
reasonable.
Moss Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH- !
_O 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
New Montgomery Street.
-lAS. NEW MONTGOMERY, FARGO HOUSE-
I \JO housekeeping rooms, $1 75 a week and up-
ward: also single, 15c a night and upward.; ■ '.' ■' ;
O'_arrell Street. ~~
COpl O'FARRELL — 2 SUNNY TJNFUR-
«J_wUa nished rooms for light housekeeping.
Third Street.
"I COI THIRD-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
_<JO;j rooms for housekeeping: also single.
lurk Street.
1 9fi TURK-UPPER FLAT; i SUNNY ROOMS
J .a-U for housekeeping.
Vallejo Street. : ~
1 9Q91 VALLEJO, NEAR HYDE — FUR-
X^-«J— 2 oished rooms for housekeeping.
Van Ness Avenne.
O-\ 9 VAN NESS— NICE FRONT SUNNY
UliJ room ; also housekeeping.
lAftfi VAN " X E~SS-E LEG ANT FURNISHED
X lvv sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
BOOHS 10 LEI. :
California Street.
9r,0"l CALIFORNIA— B ELEGANTLY FUR-
ZiUOX nished rooms and bath; cheap.
Capp Street.
nr - capp, near" twenty - SECOND —
\JOO Nicely furnished front room, with use of
bath. ln small family: $8. .
i i_lith street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 »t., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis ; Street. — -
C 1 Q ELLIS-SUNNY ALCOVE RO6M ; 'Ho'f
UXO running water; and single rooms; bath.
79] ELLIS— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR 2*
1 _-l. bath; gas; rent reasonable. . . '
i"olnom Streat.
ft 9o FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH-SUNNY
(J^jv' furnished rooms, $1 per week.
' TQO _» a liiiS iH — UNFURNISHED PAR.
XO\JO lors; part use kitchen. •
• • I'ourth Street. •> • ,
A Or FOURTH, COR. SILVER-SUNNY COR-
j luo ncr front room.
■ Geary Street.
791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I _— X alcove room; running water; reasonable..
Ql7l GEARY - THREE NEATLY FUR-
Ol 1 2 nishc-d rooms; terms reasonable. v ■
Golden Gate Avenue.; |
OOA GOLDEN GATE AYE- SUNNY FRONT
OO\J bay-window reasonable; private family.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Grove Street.
1 O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
ID with use of kitchen; $10. ■■-:■>-'
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
£\J I management: elegant . sunny , suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny street.
A RLIN'GTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY—
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenwortli Street.
Q"| A LEAVEN WORTH, NR. SU TTER-SUN
OxU ny alcove suites; very desirable for gentle-
men; $20. '
Q1 A LEAVENWORTH— SUNN BASEMENT
Olu suitable for office or housekeeping.
Oil LEA WORTH ST.— a NICELY FUR-
OJ. X nished front rooms: rent reasonable.
.Market Street. %
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
I I < suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
■\TOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
-L Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
sight. 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5; families
1 &AQ MARKET — NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
x«JUO nished rooms, suitable for offices.
■1 CO7I MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
XO£ I•> rooms, single aud housekeeping; pri-
vate family. ' _^
; Mason Street.
A"1 7 MASON-(CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
urx I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
Minna Street.
POT MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 i nished bay-window rms;sl week ; transient.
51it>sion Street.
-I f\^- r MISSION-NICE FRONT ROOM WITH
±\JOO closet: $8: lady or gent.
1 QQA MISSION— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
xOGU nished front rooms: private..
RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
Mission, reopened; thoroughly renovated :sunny
front rooms: elegantly furnished ;slngie or en suite;
stationary washstands aud running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Powell Street.
99Q POWELL— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
*- — « > for gentlemen; rent $10.
09 I POWELL ST.-UNFURNISHED BASE-
♦D— . L ment room; rent $5.
Sixth Street.
1 no SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
-IUO ny rooms, en suite or single; $1 25 up.
South Pa.ru.
1 O SOUTH PARK— WELL FURNISHED 4
ID rooms, $13; single room, $5.
Stockton Street.
A~] 7 STOCKTON— LARGE FURNISHED SUN-
rrl. I ny front room, $8; single, $6; 2 unfurnished.
I Ql 1 STOCKTON-FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
xOJLtr doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
Taylor Street.
4 LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, NEWLY
furnished, with hot-water baths. 149 Taylor.
A V LOJ t— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN~
•J— — ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD. NEAR
'• Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50pernight; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights 111 every room: reading r'm; tree bus.
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE AND
\J en suite, light housekping, $5 up; brick bid, yd.
Turk Street..
90.9 1 TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS: ELE-
Z,U— 2 gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable.
Ql Q TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
O i-%/ nished or unfurnished.
ET«7 TURK— SiTNN V SINGLE ROOM WITH
«Jo.O bath; private: $5.
a ■\venty-Secotjd Street.
QIC 5 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
•_ It', bath; water free. 626 Twenty-second st.,
cor. Capp. •
BOAKUiMG AM* KdOJIS,
•TooTiMAsbN- -Book and" board;
lO_ 1 an lady; $20 and $22 month. .
IF YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
A at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
POOM AND BOARD IN GERMAN FAMILY.
II 114 Webster st., near Halght.
pOOD HOME, BOARD AND ROOM, INf GER
vT man family; reasonable. 308 Seventh, st.
09/' EDDY— HOTEL NORMANDIE; SUNNY
«J— U siug.e rooms: table board : trims reasonable.
HOTKL BKHTLING. 714 KUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CIIJLUKI2N BOAKUED.
~Y OU CA N^iND"REFINEirH OMEINAMER
x lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye.
\\- 2 x 1 i) "child TO BOARD; GIRL PRE-
'» erred; not under 4. Address A., Call Branch
Office, 116 Ninth st.
pOOD HOME FOR AN INFANT: TERMS
VT moderate. 1014 Jackson st., bet. Powell and
Mnson.
———-———_—- ___
STOKiS TO LKT.
C 1 AH FORnT A~TNTTLTR^K^7<^n7TrKE~FINE
\J stores In that 1 fine building on the southeast
corner, suitable for barber-shop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an oiler desired. A. J. RICH & CO.,
real estate agents, 113 Montgomery st.
OTORK TO LET; 20x30. 110 MINNA ST.
rpo LET - SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH AND
X electrician i:i hardware store. Corner Polk and
Sacianiento sis.
OFFICES TO LET.
9"! 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; BUITABLE
*1 I for business: key at 217 Vg.
REE RENT (i/ MONTH) GIVEN GOOD
x' tenants; cottages, flats, $5 up. SPECK & CO.
602 Market st
L/ 1 . OFFICES in NEW 6PRECKEL3
xj bulldlnc, 825 Market: rents low; no extra
ccarge for gas, janitor service* or heating. Apply
at building or U. 11. UMHSKX A CO.. 14 Montg.sc.
tßllAl IOAAL,. '
ii^~^KAiyLSir slio^Bi^v^rr^n7LEOET
x individual Instruction; four months' course!
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
I^MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
-i limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster St., cor, of Washington.
MRS. MKLVILLK-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 620 Sutter st.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and el cuiion; ladies ana
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY- CAS-
tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$.1 month; also painting academy, liowers specialty
A lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room M 7.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION " BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
'OCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM-
t proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, aud
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
f'RENCH.SPANISH.ETC. PKOF.DeFILIPPE'S
X Academy of Languages^ 320 Post; estab. 1871.
A| ISSBOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
- i " St.— Board. English. French, pUno, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH, latin, MATH I M ATI CsT enS
I lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON
724 O'Farrell st. . •
NGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY-
■* class or private. MRS. EM KM A X, 1234 Bush st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged :'pupi!s rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723Mlct!
OTU DENTS PBEPABED fOB THB UNIVBB-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. . , 8
b OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.
X> Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. a.. Principal!
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERM AN- MODERATE.
Aleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, ' business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraph-.-, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V JGHTSCH"oOL;IiEALD'SBUS. <iOLLEOE;24
-*•' Poit:commercial, shorthand. Enslish: low rate?
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO- HEA-
sonable. ' PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y Valencia.
pHEMLSTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCIKCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123'J
O Market: tend for cat.: day and evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
xV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
DISSOLUTION of pXuTnkk*.
SAN FRANCISCO, DEC. 14, 1895^IT^Is
mutually agreed that the copartnership now and
heretofore existing between the undersigned doing
business under the firm name and style of ZITSKA
<fe MOYNIHAN be and the same is hereby dis-
solved. Said dissolution of partnership to date
from and after this 14th day of December, 1895.
O. ZITSKA,
-••■-■'■•• ■ GEO. MDY.s'IHAS.
~~\ TO EXCHASGK , ~~""
H~OUSE~\VANTED IN T EXCHANGB~FOB~2
XX park lots; difference In cash. Aplly T. 8., box
.48, Call Office.; ..-
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
"VTO INTEREST ! NO .INTEREST! NO IN-
( terest! $250 to $350; 30 lots near Mission-
st. electric road: cars every few minutes; $5
down and $5 per month; no interest; closing out
tract of 125 lots.
JONES, ALLEN & CO., 630 Market st.
2 LOTS OTP. TERMINUS OF VALENCIA-ST.
cable-cars; will sell very cheap for cash. .
JONES, ALLEN & CO.. 630 Market St.
Ct9,";A'i'O $500 EACH FOR BEST LOTS
<O\J S. of the Parkin boulevard blocks: grand
ocean boulevard, is now being macadamized by
the Park Commissioners; will sell for $5 down and
$5 per month for a short time only.
JONES, ALLKN & CO., 630 Market st.
<aj lOk FOR NICE LEVEL lots NEAR
<fl)X<— O Frultvale avo., East Oakland; ready for
building; $5 down and $6 per month; no interest.
; JONES, ALLEN 6c CO., 630 Market st.
mo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE
X tate and business of every description. A. J.
PROPER <fc CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
7 £ TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
tjp • " the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. KOL GET/. & BRO.
<2«Qnn $100, $150, $500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
*JP«JUU. lots norih and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. to 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
"ftl 00 TO *250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
VDXyjyj Mlssion-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 d.own and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO. ■
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Koom A, iirst floor, Crocker building. ■
A NEW BLOCK; "
-ci. JUST SUBDIVIDED,
BOUNDED BY 10TH AND 11TH AYES..
AND STS.:
SOUTH OF THE PARK;
Prices, $350 for corners, 32:6x100;
Inside lots, $25x120. $275 each;
Terms, $25 cash, $10 monthly.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
ANTED— CASH, LOW-PRICED HOAlE-
stead or park lot. Address proposition to S.,
box 39, Call Office. '
<8i 1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
<J)1 $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
#175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25.\100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
"JV'EW HOUSE: 5 ROOMB AND ATTIC AND
-»-> bath; modern improvements; Jersey si.; nr.
Douglass, Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 24th ana
Douglass.
© 90 0 IF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
tip— worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St., room 3.
TJ OUSES fJUILTIFISO TO *3?S A ROOM, CALL
xx ami examine plain. 1149 Mission St.
pOTTAGE JUST COMPLETED; $3600; EASY
V terms; Shotwell st., near 17th; 5 rooms, bath,
gas: elegant mantels, shades: tiled sink; all mod-
ern; open daily. E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 Cali-
fornia st.
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW RACE-
JU track; low prices; easy terms. THE McCAR-
TII 1 CO., 64l5Market st.
Ql 9 000 SOLID 3-STORY residence;
tPIi.UUU. 727 Golden Gate aye.; lot 25*
137:6. This Is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
for Inspection. : . .
MONK* TO I.O A IS.
ORRQW MONKy'ox YOUR "' PIANO WlTl£
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low Interest: perfect secrecy; private rooms.
UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant avenue. rwm3 -
MON EY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy>C
MONEY LOANED, tjl/.j PER CEXT ON M I ) KT-
gages. a. F. John - »fc CO., 632 Market st.
WHY PAY *5 ■ ON Till: HUNDRKO COM-
" mission to the broker when you can get tho
same direct from the loaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furnltura
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
xj mortgagej, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOA NS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room »8. Chronicle building.
ADVANCES 6 D I A MO X I L V , ETC
-cxColumbia Loan <fc Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 21) Or 3D MORTGAGES;
JrV. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
I ST AND 2D MORTGAGES: CITY OR COUN
X try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
■rants. SALOMON at CO., 328Montgmry.r.214,
VI ON BY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-L'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market St.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
N FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Douohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
■VTOTICE OF $10,000 1O LOAN. -NOTICE IS
J-> hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, is
ready to be loaned lor a term of years, to be se-
cured by a first mortgage on real estate in San
Francisco, California. All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to terms, should be delivered at the
Mayor's office, new City Hall. The right to reject
any bid is reserved. A DOLPH SUTJiO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
unry7.lfe9B.
PAWMJIJOIi KKS.
T'i26 J^KE^RNT~sTC~^O^M~^MONIK7'
J\. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates:
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL.
I" wr SAWB OW SBmUH ivjh null : 'gages a^'ij
J life insurance policies: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. , 330 Montgomery st.
ANT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
rate: call and state your proposition or writ*; open
evenings. J. NOON AW. 1021 Mission sl
PHYSICIANS.
RTA7n*TLUC?sTpHYHICN-SURGEON. ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
RS. DR. PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 136
Kearny, rm. 47, brs. 11 to 6; res. St. Nicholas.
emov>Td— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL to 1206
Market st. : diseases of women a specialty,
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING AND
BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received until
January 23. 1896. at 10:30 o'clock a.m., for fur-
nishing the PAPER for th- PUBLIC PRINTING
and BINDING for the year ending 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1897, the said proposals to be opened before
and the award of contracts to be made by the Joint
Committee of Congress on Public Printing to the
lowest and best bidder for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself the
right to reject any anil all bids, as its judgment of
the best interests of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description, quantity
and quality of the paper required,' accompanied by
samples and blank proposals, and giving the regu-
lations with which bidders must comply, can bo
otita'.nen by addressing Th. E. Benedict, Public
Printer, Washington, D. C.
- The contracts will be entered Into for supplying
such quantities of paper as may be needed during
the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth in detail in
the schedule comprise:
60,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24 x 38.
15,000 reams niachine-linish printing paper,
38 x 48.
23,600 reams sized and super-calendared white
or tinted printing paper, various alz's.
' 24,500 reams white writing paper, various sizes
and weights.
2,400 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes ana
weights. • ,
100,000 pound:* of best plate paper.
150,000 pounds of best map paper. »»_■£.;{.:
175,000 pounds fine coated wood-cut paper.
2,100 reams manna paper, various 'sizes and
weights.
' 100,000 pounds glazed bond paper. -. .:; : -.-■.':"-. :'-. '
20,000 pounds artiiicial parchment, various
• sizes. . ■ • • ■' •• . ■
2,000 pounds parchment deed. .• *. ■"• 1 ..■•'.-*?-;-.;.:; y
1,730.100 sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes,
weights, etc.
' 7,200 reams iirst-class ledger paper, white or
blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
welsh ts. ' "
8, 000 reams second-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights. : , . .
2,700 reams tissue and copying paper.
. 35 reams blotting paper, any required color
or weight.
150 reams tar paper, 24 x 30.
345 reams plaid, marble and comb paper,
various sizes.
400 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
- - ■■ * • : ■ and weights.
965 reams cap. letter and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17 x 22.
2,000 sheets parchment, 15 x 21.
.1 Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. -.■".-.
■ By direction of the Joint Committee of Congress
On Public Priming.
TH. E. BENEDICT. ■-.
■ '*• • " Public Printer.
Washington, December 26, 1835.
COIXTKT REAL KSTATK.
rSPARTO TOWN" AXD COLOXY: ONLY 3 OR
-Ej 4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and tbe-ueighborhood of tha
next great development of electric power: equal to
Foisom; a part of the "Rancho Canada de Capay
Grant"; unquestionably . the earliest and linest
fruit nelt on the coast and superior to any for di-
versified farming; about 600 acres, in 20-acre
farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
tains larpe brick blocks, a flue hotel, a fine higb-
Bchool building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole interest of present owners in the colony lots
ami town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: It won't cost much to examine;
is an Irrigation caiifel on the land. Apply io GKO.
D. FISKK <fc CO., Woodland, Cal.
lllx fruit. axd~tabllci>rapes but
10 acres: only i mile from town; 37 V2 acres;
fine improvements; pears, peaches, prunes, figs;
will income at least $1500 clear; a large list of per-
sonal property reduced from $14,000 to $8000 to
make quick sale: Al creek bottom corn land: half
CMh. D. H. TWIXG, Sonoma City; inquire at 632
Market St., S. F.
RANGE BLOSSOM COLOXY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAI*
Beautiful young orange grovea in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying alon? the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheline between
StocKton ana iiercea. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water ri^lit .
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Xavels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th«> property is uridur the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration tares lor tne orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport tor hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 ncr acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect aud liberal discount for cash.
lor further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad.
JK ASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
■ ; 638 Market Street.
San Francisco. Cai
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, Cat
FOR SALE OR TRADE-ieO-Af^E URAIN
ranch: all fenced: comfortable buildings; near
Tipton.Tulare County, price $6000. PHILBRICK
ft CO.. 2548 I'Olsom, near Twenty-second.
Ul\{) ACKJfiS IX SAX LUIS OBIS I*O COUNTY;
wv all level : plenty of water: eood ratine: very
desirable for stock; will trade for business in city
or city properly. G. S., Eureka Delivery, 1148
Mission st.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— S4O ACRES: 200
level. 60. clear: nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced: close to large town: 10
hours from city; $:->000; part cash, balance on
tinio: will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., bux 77, this office.
MAIU3TT'OUX"TY— 5000~ACKES 26 MILES
from Sanj Francisco.
Rancho de Xovato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75oeracre; terms made
to suit ; send for circular.
Jmprovpd dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
4TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN KAXL'IiES OX 10
years' credit.- D. H. TWIXG. Sonoma City.Cai.
QHXDFOIIOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
~ 1o:- saSe. WQQSTKR A WHITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
— — —  . , — . .. ,_ ._._ ... _.  , ,
OAKLAND KEAL. ESTATE.
<£>"! OHO COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
*ip -L" v/".. finish; fenced: near the Altenheim;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. 11. B. !
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ETIRING MERCHANT VVISHESTO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Hay anls or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
fiOli SALE— A NICE OAKLAND COTTAGE
home; northeast corner; convenient to local
station, school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
be sold for less than $4000. on very easy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANDERSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land. , -
C? 9(» MONTHLY FOR S-ROOM COTTAGES;
tjP^U plans free. F. BOEOLE. Golden Gate statn.
©IKA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
t»PJ.«_/17. Fruilvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 903 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJILDA KKAL KSTATE.
<3MCAA HOUSE OF^n^OOMsT^IODERNI
<Tn-±OUV/. near narrow-gauge station: street Im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000: lot 50x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. h\ BAIRD, Real Estate ana Insurance, 1303
Park St., Alameda.
C9')f|n $50 CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY: 5
%p*-'*-vV/. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
53250-$2OO cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE & KEMMEL, Bay-st, station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
EXCELLEXT MODERN HO.UES~AT GREAT-
J-J ly reduced prices.
$2000— 4-room dwelling; original cost $2250.
50— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3500.
. $3000— 6-rcom dwelling; original cost $3600.
j $32 o— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3600. '
$5100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750. ~
$7500— 9-room dwelling; original cost $9000.
All new and modern on large lots and <n good
locations; very small cash payments and easy in-
stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Ala-
meda.
©O~A FURNISHED HOUSE. 5 ROOMS AND
t&Oyj. bath; also 4 rooms partly furnished in
basement: 9 rooms In all; 2 blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda, Cal. Address WM. P.
TODD, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
0:1 AA DOWN — elegant new 5-room
«fis-LUV/ modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda.
/f AA/ \~XEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 7
<J)"±UVV/. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
good locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD C 0..1564 Park st.. Alameda.
JSKKKIJI.KV lit AI. ESTATE.
n r\ only FOR the furniture^
tip O\J\J good-will thrown in; large boarding-
house, with go. business: only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick-
ness. JOs. J. MASON, i»wight way station,
Berkeley. -
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL, ESTATE.
CANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
18,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
22 East Santa Clara st., Han Jose, Cal.
PItOPIiKTX WANTED.
\1 " A X T E D^X~LOT"cHE Xp~FoS~CASnT" LO"
»» cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenery sts.
Apply or address Plumbing-shop, 4 Golden Gate
avenue. .
STOKAOJS ~
O~~VIShEanS ~~y£& I < i li T"~^TI^>?SFER7~COn
Fifth and Blu.*:ome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
S~~TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE?
hold goods, etc J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
■' Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
MAKKiAOE X.ICJfiM!UCIi
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Cleric's ofiico yesterday:
Charles P.ichtor and Mary Frelst, 34—28. ■ ■
Fred J. Schmidt and Anna M. Poetz, 27—32. '
James Peterson and Annie M. Curry, 28—20.
M. Thornton Jr. and Margaret Joyce. 26—20.
John W. Cook and Mamie. E. Allen, 28—20.
H. L. 1.-owd and Marguerite C. O'Connell. 30— 24.
J. J. Silvia and I.ionor dos Acgos, 32—27.
Joseph J. Coughlin and Mary Hughes, 27—23.
DIVOKOK PROCEEDINGS;
Divorce granted:
■ (.rare H. Cady from William Byron Cady, for
willful neglect: by Judge Hunt. < ..-
Mrs. A. Hickjnbotham from H. J. Hickinbotham,
for neglect; by Judge Hunt.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
BOKN.
BARNETT-January 13, 3896, to the wife of Wal-
ter J. Barnett, a daughter.
JAXSEX— In this city. January 11, 1896, to the
wife of Jonn J. Jansen a eon.
PATTERSON— In this city ,- January 12, 1886, to
the wife of It. Patterson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
COOK— A In this city, January 15, "1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Dille, John W. Cook and Manue
E. Allen, both of Courtland, Sacramento County,
Cal.
DORN-SCHOENEMANN— In this city, January
11, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, GustaV
Dorn and Mrs. Emma Schoanemann.
DUMONTI.cn— McGURK— In this city, January
9, 1896, at St. Bridget's Church, by the Rev.
- Father Connolly, Joseph L. Dumontlerof San
Francisco and Rosa A. McGurk of San Andreas.
LIPPIXCOTT— COSGROVE— In this city, January
9, at St. Jlary's Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
Prendergast. J. M. Lippincott of Sin Francisco
and Kate B. Cosgrove of Laurel Creek, San Mateo
County.
LUTZ— WHEELING— In this city, January 15,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fueudeling, Otto W. Luti
and Anna M. Wheeling.
MURLOCK— ROYE R-In this city, January 11,
1b96. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Fred Henry
Murlock and Katie Rover.
POWER-HANLEY-In this city. January 7,
1896, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Charles A. Ramm, John J. Power and Elizabeth
M. Hanley.
ROXEY-McKIERXAX— In this city. January
14, 1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, William J. Roney
and Hattie McKiernan, both of San Francisco.
STAXGE— HEURING— In this city, January 14,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Carl H. Stanga
and Caroline 11. Hearing.
SCHMIDT— In this city. January 15,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frledrich Y.
Schmidt and Anna M. Poetz.
DIED.
Bryan, Joseph Oilman, Eliza D.
Burns, Annie - ' • " Guest, Mac
Coleman, Harris Hill, Nellie
Culleu, David G. Hoffmann, Clarisse F.
Devlin, Jane Jones, Walter P.
Dimond, Hugh Lamb, Mary Ann ; :i :
Dyer. Magdaiena B. McLaughlln. Thomas
Edwards, Thomas M. Orslnl, John
Feigenbaum. Benedict Ryan, Maggie
Fortson, Harry H. Stewart, George
Foster, Julia ThomDson, Agnes
Ueffe, Charles Wilson, Florence J.
BURNS— In this city, January 14, 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Dr. Peter Burns, and
mother of Mrs. Dr.W. F. Egan, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years.
JB9T Friends and acquaintances are respect*
ft'lly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1117 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing ■at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRYAN— In this city, January 13, 1896, Joseph
Bryan, a native of Virginia, aged 59 years.
COLEMAN— In this city, January 14. 1896, Har-
r is, beloved husband Of Dora Coleman, and father
of Adolpb, Abe, Louis and Alexander Colemaa
and Mrs. Harry Behrend, a native of Germany,
aged 65 years.
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 428 Green street. Interment Old
Salem Cemetery, Bakers Beach. Please omit
flowers.
CULLEN— In this city. January 15, 1898, David
G. Cullen, brother ot Jennie, John C.William,
James J. and Frank H. Cullen, a native of San
Francisco, aped 26 years.
DEVLIN— In this city, January 14, 1896, Jane,
beloved wife of the late Matthew Devlin, and
mother of Henry Devlin and' Mrs. John T.
Dailey, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
49 years. [Brooklyn (X. V.) papers please copy.]
O~Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 12 Zoe street, near Bryant, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DIMOND— Io Fruitvale, January 14, 1896, at his
residence. Hugh Dimond, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 65 years 9 months and 17
days.
J63F"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the solemn requiem mass
to be celebrated lor the repose of his son] at St.
Anthony's Church, East Oakland, THIS DAY
(Thursday), commencing at 10 o'clocK a. m.
Interment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Friends are requested to please omit flowers.
DYER— In this city. January 14, 1896, Magdaiena
B. Dyer (nee Sorensen). beloved wife of Freder-
ick J. Dyer, mother of William B. Dyer, and
beloved daughter of Amelia Sorensen, a native of
Slesvig, Germany, aged 25 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 406V2 Sixth street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, .
EDWARDS— In San Mateo, January 15, 1896,
Thomas M., dearly beloved husband of Annie
Edwards, a native of Sug Harbor, Long Island,
aged 58 years. -<• ■:;-
SST Friends and acquaintances are requested
to meet the remains TO-MORROW (Friday) ac
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral leaves San MatPO
at 12:45 o'ciock p. m., arrives at Third and Town-
send streets at 1:40 o'clock p. m.
FEIGENBAUM— In this city, January 15, 1896,
Benedict, beloved husband of Rosa Feigenbaum,
and father of Lionel B. and Julius Feigenbaum,
a native of Germany, aged 63 years.
J&sTFrienas and acquaintances are resneet-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10:;i0 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 505 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by tram leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:45 o'clock a.m.
FORTSOX— In this city. January 14. 1896. Harry
H. Fortson, a native of California, aged 33 years.
FOSTER— In the City ana County Hospital, Janu-
ary 15, 189 6. Julia Foster, aged 45 years.
GILMAN— Near Mount Hamilton, January 14,
1896, Eliza D. Gilman, beloved mother of Mrs.
E.Moore. Mrs. P. H. Tiernan, Mrs. E. Steven-
son and George. Charles, Joseph and Henrietta
Oilman, a native of New York, aged 75 years 10
months and 23 days.
GEFFE— In this city, January 14. 1896, Charles
Geile, a native of Germany, aged 44 years.
GUEST— In this city, January 15, 1896, Mac, be-
loved wife of Thomas Guest, and sister of Mrs.
James Cruise, Mrs. Robert Henry and John I.,
George, Edward and Annie Fitzgerald, a native
of Troy, N. V., aged 27 years 3 months and 14
days.
tf3~ Friends and relatives are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 326 Fifth avenue, thence to Star of the
Sea Church, where services will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing, at 9
- o'clock a. if. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILL— In this city, January 14. 1896. Nellie, he-
loved daughter of James and Catherine Hill, and
sister of Mrs. X. B. Skinner and James, John
and Maggie Hill, a native of San Francisco, aged ■
17 years and 11 months. -■ '  -.. :
C«- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 326 Bluxome* street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In this city. January 14, 1896,
Clarisse Francoise Hoffmann, a native of Nancy,
France, aged 80 years and 11 months. >i s. 7 *** -
SSm he funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her son, 112 Valencia street Interment
private. 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, January 15, 1896, Walter P.,
beloved son of Rose and the late Robert H. Jones,
brother of Robert H. Jones and John. James,
Joseph and Thomas Owens and Annie R. Kenney,'
and brother-in-law of Peter Kenney. a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years 7 months and 8
days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAMB— In Alameda, January 14, 1896. Mary Ann
Lamb, a native of Bath.JN. V., aged 63 years 11
months and 25 days.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 15, 1896,
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherine McLaugh-
lin, and father of Thomas. Edward and Lizzie
McLanghlin and the late Mrs. H. Toner, a native
of County Galway. Ireland, aged 57 years.
flS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. if., from his lats.
residence, 633 Jersey street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, corner Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 a. if. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ORSINI— In this city, January 15. 1896, John
Orsini, a native of Italy, aged 38 years. . ,
RYAN— In this city, January 14, 1896, Maggie,
beloved daughter of Michael and Margaret Ryan,
and sinter or Mamie, Josie, Hattie and the late
William Ryan, a native of Chicago. 111.
■ JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from the residence
of the parents, 2034 Foisom street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSOCIA-
tlon— The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above association,
and for the deceased parents and relatives of the
members, will be celebrated in St. Dominic's'
Church, Bush and Steiner streets, THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m. Friends are In-
vited to attend.
STEWART— In this city", January 15, 1896. George
Stewart, a native of Mount Morris, 111., aged 55
years.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 14. 1896, at
her residence. 72 Ellis street. Agnes, beloved
mother of Robert, Gertie, Annie, Lillle and
Thomas Thompson, and sister of William Fergu-
son, aged 41 years.
JO"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from st. John's
Presbyterian Churcn, comer California and Oc-
tavla streets. g
WILSON— In Alameda, January 14, 1896, Flor-
ence J. Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 5 months and 15 days. , , i, .
" UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
I Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. .
McAVOY & CALLACHER, 1 I •
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS it EUBALMKRji,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. '
UAS.MCM2KOMBY. Chas7MCMßNoi«y:
JAMES McMESOMtV & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AM) K3IBALMERS,
1057 ailßfiion Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354^^^^^^^^
""CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY, •
TN SAN MATEO COUNT Y: NON-SECT
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see It before
buying •> burial place elsewhere.
* City Office. 9 Cilj- SOU ATeon*
1516
ALL FOR THE INTERESTS OF THE RAILROADS
Mayor Davie's Opinion of
Oakland Harbor Im
provements.
THE CREEK TOO NARROW
Limiting Walls Said to Have
Been Placed for Railroad
Convenience.
THE ALAMEDA TIDAL CANAL.
Entrance to the Partially Dredged
Waterway Held by the Bridge^
Tenders.
' The publication in The Cam. yesterday
Of the facts relative to the Southern
Pacific's use of the Government dredging
operations for the building up of the right
of way along Oakland Creok was a revela
tion to the people of the two cities that are
specially interested.
It will also be shown that the previous
dredcing has largely been done at points
■where the mud was conveniently used for
the tilling in of railroad property, making
valuable land whore the water had swept
before.
Tbe Alameda tidal canal, intended to
«cour the entire estuary as well as to afford
new possibilities in water transportation,
would have been completed long ago if the
appropriations used in work of direct
benefit to the railroad had been devoted to
the canii! construction. The picturesque
but land-lockefl drawbridge at Park street
•would have been turning for years if there
had been no interference with the plans
originally laid down by the Government
(The present terminal point of the alameda canal above the park- street drawbridge
engineers for the improvement of the
harbor and the extension of the harbor's
advantage? to the Encinal City.
Mayor John L. Davie of Oakland has
spent much of liis life in the transporta
tion business at Oakland. He has a prac
tical knowledge of Oakland harbor and its
needs and everybody about here knows of
his long experience with the doings of the
Southern Pacific Company and of his con
nection with the famous fight over the
Oakland water front. Said the Mayor yes
terday :
"I heartily concur in tne statements of
The Call regarding the tidal canal mat
ters. lam perfectly satisfied that by far
the greater part of the money appropri
ated for the improvement of Oakland har
bor has been usea where it would do the
Southern Pacific Company the most bene
fit. It is very queer, to say the least, that
the dredging has all been done west of the
"Webster-street bridge and east of Alice
Etreet. Never has there been a dredger be
tween the two bridges. Now what help to
commerce is dredging conducted on such
lines?
'It is very evident to me why no dredg
ing has been done between those bridges.
The railroad and Water Front companies
have property along the shores of the
estuary east of Alice street. When any
dredeing has been done the mud has been
emptied upon the lands of these two com
panies or private property of some large
estate. Then when you go west of the
Webeter-street bridge the dredgings are all
emptied upon the railroad property. No
thought is ever given to anything but
where the railroad desires to have some
lilling done. The need of commerce never
seems to have been considered at any
time.
"A most remarkable thing to me is the
fact that the Government should go to the
great expense of putting up those two
long training-walls. There is the long
wharf on the north, all tilled to the bulk
head line. It will and does act as a train
inc-wall, stopping all the drift from that
portion of the bay. Then on the south
there is the narrow-gauge pier, which any
one of ordinary ability could see would
Booner or later have to be iilled in. That
would make all the training-wall on the
south that would be needed. With those
•walls, erected at the expense of the rail
road, Oakland harbor would have had a
grand entrance.
"With such an entrance sailing vessels
would have any amount of room in which
to tack about to get up to the wharves, and
at the same time leave room sufficient to
nllow steam vessels to get in and out.
Under present arrangements tho entrance
from wall to wall is 800 feet. The action of
vessels passing in and out has washed sedi
ment against these walls until the channel
is reduced to about 300 feet. You need not
take my word for this. Any time at Jow
tide just go out there and you can see the
mud banks on either side for some dis
tance. It is the same all the way from one
end of the walls to the other.
"The narrowness of the channel makes
it hard upon boatmen. A sailing craft,
however small, has the right of way over a
steam vessel. When sailing vessels are
beating in or out of the narrow channel, it
is dangerous and exceedingly difficult work
to get in or out with a steam vessel. While
running a ferry on the estuary, I have seen
twenty sailing craft within those walls, and
you can imagine what wore it was to
thread your way among them. I believe
the time will come when every stone of
those Government walls will have to be re
moved to make a larger passage-way.
"I have no doubt in my mind that the
training-walls were erected simply to give
the railroad all the land lying outside. The
railroad men wanted to know to just how
much of the bay and water front they
could lay claim, so induced the Govern
ment to inclose what it wanted that they
could say the balance was theirs. It is re
markable throughout how the Government
has helped the railroad company to get
what it wanted. The filling has been a
great saving to the company.
"I ran the first freightboat up the
estuary, through the drawbridge to Wal
nut street, Alameda. The vexations I
had to endure were enougn to make a
man tired of living, l have had to trail
up to the tidal canal behind their big
steamers because there was not sufficient
room to pass. Think of that, two steamers
not able to pass in the canal. Then when
I reached the bridges the tenders would
take their time in opening them. Many
times they would only partly open, and I
would have to work around them. Finally
i struck the bridge one day and nearly
threw it into the bay. I hooked a hawser
to the other bridge another day and
opened it. It also narrowly escaped going
into the bay.
"Those bridges are a nuisance and
dangerous. There is no reason why there
should be more than one bridge. It
should be so constructed that it would ac
commodate the public with a wagon
way, car lines and railroads. But the
various parts should be separated so that
there can be no danger of injuries by acci
dents. One large bridge, properly iiandled,
would afford no inconvenience to com
merce, and it would be a benefit to the
city.
'•When I attempted to improve the
property between the two drawbridges
there were some remarkable things said
and done. The first thing one has to do
who desires to erect a wharf or structure
on the water front is to find where the
bulkhead and harbor lines are. The bulk
head line is the point beyond which the
Government will not allow obstructions
placed. The harbor line is the point
where private property comes in contact
with the Government lands. I sent my
contractor to the Government engineer's
office in San Francisco to get these lines
established. The lirst thing he was asked
was whom he was working for — the rail
road or the Government. He replied that he
could not see what business it was of the
engineer. He was then told that he must
be careful, as he was 'on railroad prop
erty.'
"All I could do, it was impossible to get
that office to fix the lines for me until I
declared that I should make an appeal
direct to Congress. . They then fixed the
harbor line and said the bulkhead line had
never been fixed. I went to work and
drove piles out in the stream some 150 feet
to prevent the railroad from running their
boats up into my land to prevent me from
making improvements. Home of those
piles stand out there to-day as a challenge
to the railroad. There has been no at
tempt to remove them since that period of
excitement. That is a sample of the work
which has been aone here by the Govern
ment to assist commerce and navigation.
It has done little to benefit Oakland or
California, but it has been of untold bene
fit to the railroad.
"The whole scheme, I believe, is to keep
competition away from here. If they suc
ceed in doing this they are able to coin
money. Why, I can lay freight down in
Stockton for $1 50 a ton cheaper from San
Francisco than I can get the same freight
to Oakland. That is because there is free
and unrestricted water transportation to
compete with the railroad. When the
Government has in view the welfare of the
people more than that of corporations we
can expect some relief. I am glad The
Call has raised this important matter to
public notice and I hope it will result in
benefit to this city and her citizens."
FOR EMBEZZLEMENT.
Samnel Watkins, an Auctioneer, Under
Arrest at the Southern Station.
Samuel Watkins, an auctioneer, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detectives
Dillon and Crockett and detained at the
Southern police station on a charge of em
bezzlement. Up to last November Wat
kins was employed by Sullivan <fc Doyle,
horae-dealere of 323 Sixth street. During
his Eojourn at that place he sold two
horses belonging to Dau Sheafcr for $00
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ JANUARY 16, 1896.
and after a few days disappeared. He was
not again seen until his arrest yesterday.
Watkina says that he has been employed
by a big horse-dealing firm in San Mateo
since his departure from this City.
TREWEEK'S DISMISSAL.
His Attorney Says It "Was l T n warranted,
but Very lieneticial.
George liayford believes he has scored a
good point on Judge Wallace, lie was
criticized for advising a client to plead
guilty to a charge of bigamy, when the
court found it necessary to dismiss th.
case for Jack of jurisdiction; but as the re
sult has been to free bis client from the
charge, he thinks he is ahead. His client,
J. P. M. Tre week, was married first in
Maria County and then in Calaveras. He
was arrested in this City, but Judge Wal
lace announced that he could be tried only
in one of the two counties where he had
married, and so dismissed him, even after
his plea of guilty.
Hayford submits section 755 of the Penal
Code, which reads:
When the offense of bigamy is committed in
one county ana the defendant is apprehended
in another, the jurisdiction is in either county.
This, he says, is authority enough for
Judge Wallace, but as his client is free he
is not complaining.
THE UNION LEAGUE CLUB
Senator Ford Withdraws in Favor
of Colonel W. D. Sanborn
for Director.
The New Board Will Organize Next
Friday Evening and Elect Colonel
George Stone. President.
After the tempest of Tuesday quiet
reigned in the rooms of the Union League
Club yesterday. There were no loud
boastings or exultation on the part of the
victors, as it is well known that the van
quished represents very nearly half the
membership of the organization and stands
very high in the confidence of the com
munity.
General R. A. Friedrich accepts the re
sult in a manly fashion. He knows how
the sympathy for Tippy worked against
him, and as he allowed himself a year
ago to be influenced by similar elements
of persuasion in Pippy 's favor he does not
biame others for yielding to the same plea.
An adjourned meeting of the members
of the club was held last evening to con
sider the tie between Kan born and Ford.
The complication was easily adjusted
wh m this letter from Senator Ford was
read:
Pan FBASCZSCO, .Tan. 15, ism;.
General Famucl W. Backus, President Union
League CIub—VF.AR Sir: At the annual election
of the Union League Club held yesterday,
the 14th inst.. my friends did me the honor to
present my name for the position of director.
The election resulted in a tie vote as between
Colonel W. D. Sanborn and myself, which, as I
understand it, must be determined by a new
election or by the voluntary withdrawal of
one of the two candidates who have thus re
ceived each an equal number of votes.
I highly appreciate the kindness of my
! friends and am grateful to them for their dis
interested efforts in my behalf. lam further
pleased to fina mysell in a position to extend a
deserved courtesy to my friend, Colonel San
born, whose loyalty and devotion to the best
interests of the Union League Club have ever
characterized his course as a member of that
body.
I 1 is with genuine pleasure, therefore, that I
do hereby withdraw my name from further
consideration in connection with the board of
directors of the Union League Club for the en-
Eiiinc year, and ask that Colonel W, I). .Sanborn
be declared elected a member of said board.
Very respectfully, Tirey L. Fokd.
After the reading of the letter Colonel
Sanborn was declared the eleventh director.
Next Friday evening the newly elec ted
board will meet and probably elect Colonel
George Stono president and George H.
Pippy secretary.
FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN.
Annual Meeting of the San Francisco
Nursery and Home.
The annual meeting of the San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children was held
Tuesday at the home, 570 Harrison street.
The treasurer's report was as follows:
Cash on hand January 1, 189?, $117 99; re
ceipts, $0149 55; total, $6267 54. Disburse
ments, $5698; balance on hand January 1,
1890, $569 54; unpaid bills to the amount
of $520 Go; total indebtedness January 1,
159<3. $951 11.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Mrs. Wil
liam Hollis; vice-president, Mrs. E. A.
Smith ; treasurer, Mrs. S. B. McLenegan ;
recording secretary, Mrs. W. W. Haskell;
corresponding secretary, Miss Clara M.
Wilson ; board of managers — Mrs. J. Bertz,
Mrs. E. F. Preston, Mrs. H. E. Osborn,
Mrs. C. M. Gorhatn, Mrs. S. H. Collins
Mrs. E. F. Mills, Mrs. A. K. Stevens, Miss
Clara M. Wilson. Mrs. William E. Jackson
Mrs. W. W. Haskell, Mrs. J. W. Pew, Mrs.
William Hollis, Mrs. E. A. Smith, Mrs.
James W. Edwards, Mrs. H. Beveriage,
Miss Sarah Cowell, Mrs. M. H. Hecht,
Mrs. S. B. McLeneKan, Mrs. Louis Wein
mami, Mrs. .lames Dunn, Mrs. James
Elder, Mrs. William Franic. Mrs. George
T. Smith, Mrs. Guy Manning; board of
directors— C. S. Wright, 11. B. Mitchell,
Dr. James W. Ward, Charles M. Gorham,
Henry Root.
Not how cheap, but how (rood for the price
P ai , d . ior printing and biuaiDg. The Mysell
llollms Co., 22 Clay. •
ROBBED WHILE HE SLEPT
Henry D. Morton Slumbers While
a Burglar Makes a
Valuable Haul.
$1000 WORTH OF JEWELS GONE.
He Tried to Make a Crease in His
Trousers, but Alas! It Was
a Decrease.
Last Sunday morning while Henry D.
Morton, superintendent of the Garratt
brass foundry and also one of the partners
of the special delivery industry, was slum
bering serenely on the second floor of his
residence, at 310 Ellis street, a gentleman
of the Spike iiennessy breed slid in the
front door, up the stairway and extracted
the diamonds from Mr. Morton's shirt
front, to say nothing of his capture of
something Jike $1000 worth of jewelry be
longing to Mrs. Morton.
lie niU3t certainly have been an artist in
the business for he "left absolutely no trace
of himself— or the jewelry.
"I cannot understand how he got in the
house without some one hearing him,"
said Mr. Morton yesterday evening, "and
what is more, lam com polled to look upon
him as one of the cleverest thieves en
gaged in that occupation. I came home
Saturday night at about 11:15 and went
immediately to bed, dozing off in a few
minutes, as is my custom. lam a sound
sleeper and must have been entirely lost in
slumber by midnight. After that Ido not
know what occurred and was not aware 1
nad been robbed until I arose the next
morning. Neither wife or myself heard
any unusual noises from the time we went
to sleep until we pot up.
''The first intimation I had that some
thing was missing from my bedroom was
when 1 picked up my white shirt after gut
ting out of bed. I noticed that my diamond
stud was missing and exclaimed: 'Hello,
my shirtstud is gone. Perhaps it dropped
out ana it's on the floor.' 1 searched for it
and found nothing. I then put my hand
in my trousers pocket and felt a large
vacancy there also. When I retired there
was $>o in gold in my right-Uand pocket,
but it had disappeared with the diamond.
The next thing we investigated was the
jewelry boxes. There were four of them
in all, but only one contained valuable
jewelry. It was missing, but the other
three were apparently undisturbed. The
missing box contained a variety of jewelry,
some of which was set with diamonds, and
its total value was somewhere in the neigh
borhood of $1000. Nothing else was dis
turbed. My watch-chain, which was evi
dently concealed by the fact of its being
under my vest, as it lay on the chair, es
caped association with the burglar, and I
am happily in possession of it still.
"He certainly was very quiet and knew
what he was about from the time he en
tered until he left. I had carefully
smoothed out my trousers and deposited
them gently across a chair, so as to pre
serve the crease, just as we all do, you
know, and he simply lifted the right flap,
took the coin and dropped the flap back
in place again. Not a single thing in the
room was in the least bit disturbed, and
had I not missed the articles and the
money I wouid never have known that a
stranger had entered."
"How many doors did he have to pass
through after getting in by the front en
trance?"
"None at all. I never close my bedroom
door while sleeping and everything was
wide open. He had no trouble to speak of
after effecting an entrance into the house.
He seemed to realize that I was not ad
dicted to locks and keys and helped him
self without any commotion. I have
placed the matter in the hands of the
police, but have been unable to cive
them the slightest clew to the burglar,
and they are absolutely in the dark so far
as 1 am concerned. I have never been
robbed before, and that is doubtless
the reason 1 left everything so exposed.
I should have known better, as there have
been several clever robberies in this City of
late."
'I'erhaps you have taken precaution to
prevent further thefts around your resi
ilenre?'? was suggested to Mr. Morton.
"Have 1 V he exclaimed with a knowing
look. ""Well, I should say so. 1 have
had new Jocks and burglar'alarms put in
all over the house. There is a man up
there now doing things up in good shape.
1 know it is like the man who lost his
horse and then put a padlock on the barn
door, but one may have another horse to
steal, so it isn't so" bad a plan after all. In
future I will be prepared for such gentle
men in a variety of ways, and I think I
will hive something to say about who
conies into my bedroom at a late hour
without knocking."
Yesterday there was a rumor around po
lice quarters that Mr. Morton had lost two
4-carat stones, valued at something in the
neighborhood of several thousand dollars,
but Mr. Morton modestly pays he did not.
He was reluctant about going into details
regarding the number of pieces contained
in the jewelry box and said he preferred
not to particularize.
Mr. Morton is inclined to the belief that
the man who got into his ■ house is one of
the same gang that looted the optical
stores of Hirsch, Kahn & Co. on Kearny
street some weeks aeo and also Mailer's
institution on Market street within tno
past six months. Not a fragment of the
material taken from these places ever ap
peared again in this City through the
pawnshops, which is the customary chan
nel into which most stolen property event
ually pours.
The most rigid lookout has been kept
for these goods and not a trace of them
has been discovered. The thieves must be
disposing of tliem through the East, where
the higher class of criminals prefer to do
business rather than suffer the" inconven
ience of what might follow such reckless
ness on this coast. The detective torce has
had its hands full trying to locate the
gang, but nothing has ever come of their
efforts. The town seems to be infested
with thieves who tind it profitable to carry
on a business tiiat so far has not been in
terrupted by the minions of the law.
They do not tackle small-fry concerns,
and when they make a haul it is generally
worth the risk incident to completing the
job.
Mithridates, in the first century before
Cnrist, had a very large collection or mu
seum of signet "rings. It was insinuated
against him that his collection contained
the signet of every leading potentate of his
time.
_^ NEW TO-DAY.
No Seam
through the insole of a Goodyear
Welt Shoe. No tacks. Easy,
flexible, comfortable, All shoe
merchants sell them. Millions
wear them; all ages, both sexes.
Goodyear Welts are leather shoes, not rubber.
COODYEARjSHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
YOUR ROOFS LEAK?
HAVE THEM REPAIRED.
Cal. Roofing and Repairing Co.,
Room 30, Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main, 5503.
• -3=®W-*S=<~
The old big store has rung with the tramp, tramp, tramp of
thousands daily since this sale began. In a few weeks more and the
store will be a half larger. Carpenters, painters and decorators are
rushing their contracts. Plenty of New Spring Goods en route to fill
this mammoth addition— none of the present stock to gain admittance
to the new store. Going to sell to you at nearly half value before the
opening day. Wide-awake, snappy buyers are here early and often.
Dress Goods.
The best values we ever knew
in goods of these grades.
NOVELTY SUITING, 30c Yard.
Fancy Worsted Novelty, all popular colors, two-
toned effect: worth 60c.
STORM SERGE, 50c Yard.
Extra heavy, all wool, 48 inches wide; value 75c.
FANCY COATINGS, 75c Yard.
Special line for tatlnr-made costumes. In brown,
iiray and tan, 48 inches wide; worth $1 25
yard.
FANCY TAFFETA, 45c Yard.
Two-toned, 19 inches wide; worth 75c.
FANCY TAFFETA, 50c Yard.
Guaranteed all Silk; our 75c grade.
PEAU DE SOIE, 89c Yard.
Two-toned, 20 inches wide, extra heavy; worth
$1 '25 yard.
SATIN DUCHESS, 75c Yard.
A special line of heavy All-pure Silk, Black Satin
Duchess; worth $1 per yard.
LCXOR, 75c Yard.
All Pure Silk, 20 inches wide; worth 91.
SATIN DUCHESS, 81.00 Yard.
Extra heavy, 24 inches wide; worth $1 50.
Furnishings.
INFANTS' COTTON HOSE, 10c Pair.
BlacK, wide ribhp<l. full finished, good quality, fast
dye, sizes 4 to 5V^; were 25c.
CHILDREN'S COTTON HOSE, 15c Pair.
Black, derby ribbed, flno quality, llermsdorf dye,
sizes 5 to 7; were 25c.
■ — — — — — : — -£=®w^=^ __ __
HALE BROS., incorporated
937 to 945 Market Street.
£ The fIERCuRY 3
B Souvenir 3
J2" Sunshine, Fruit Tirx .w r w^»-»a^,, r^f*
£ and Flowers... NOW READY.
STC Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, -~~*+
g^ and is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. />^»
e^.^^ Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing I^S
&r^ the aspect of the county from January to December. ZZ^p
££- The Fruit Industry Illustrated -r«
And described — the most valuable treatise upon the -~«©
g^ Santa Clara County Fruit Industry that has ever been - yN/^
O*^ published, giving details of the business from nursery
&tsN>- to market, with crops, prices and profits. Z^^
€*~- -^
g*~ A Work of Art, — q
•j^ Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate r*^
J~I Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that '* rJ &
®^^. could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its I^2
©hr-^- resources that is not fully answered. L^s
000000000000 .^T^'^ : j^v-^
B^^ fc j
±~~ The Mercury Souyenlr will be sent, ezpressaga prepaid P^s
•2^ to any part of the United States at the folUwiag rates: Bonad in ~~*&
%T^Z Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per -^-^&
g£~^ copy. Sent to any part of the United States, postage prepaid, at "~ /Ny^i
y, - the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 80e per oopy; -!! 0
L/N/N . bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Souvenir is sold orer !^2
gfc^~. the counter at the Mercuby office at the following prices: Bound ZZ^
fiSfc^- in Bristol board, 50 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 _-.*m
•fc^v- per copy. -^J^
•j^ i-i^i Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDGE, <^ v^#
«k-^A. San Jose, California. ZC^a
■y^-- - . . ___-~^S
1"" " *
l^S^^Sr^fe MAiiunnn DCOTnoi!n" cup|oENEn
mm ' IHr^'? mA«l!1y IILIJ B Sin Til This great Vegetable
MIM <ZZt t3* BSm *— * -1 .i , , BlM *f ** '■■■*' I WllLUVitulizrr.thepr^srrip-
■ (T. <^ r r'l Ws9 ■*? 0 tlon of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all aer-
■ VL X /id/ V> i\\ T Oua or di^f-iuiesotthc ge . ne ; c organs, such as Lost Manhood,
il M&/ V vdxJb Insomnia, 1 'ahisin the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility;
m Vff^Pl Vv^'T pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcooele and
mi NT J V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
% _ ' . >X*' acssof discharge, which If not checked "leads to SpermntorrhOEa and
■ BEFORE AND AFTER ?" the horrorsof Impotency. *:ill»li>EsiEclc'ansea the liver, the
■i <rm>Ynvw V Tv kidneys and the urinary organs of ail impurities.
JjDnDISE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
«,__ A. 110 1 6^!! sulTerers are not cured by Doctors hi because ninety per cent are troubled w!tn
E i rowtat 1 ' 1«. CUPIDENE Is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 6000 testimony
• , An A . wrltt '" n gunrantpe given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cura
|1.00 a box, blx for $5.00, by mall. Send for tree circular and testimonials. .
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 MarKet street. San Francisco. Cal. For Sale by
— _ i _ > ____^ ' " . BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell street
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' JBILL 1011 «p£s|fi^ ,
PHI ARF iifiTFl '^RNYSi
I nLfiUL all! I I l_B TSTHEVKRY best one TO examine your
■.■■■■■■ w ■■■.■■ w ■■.■•■■■ X eyes anil lit them to spectacles or Eyeglasae j
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST . I with instruments of his own invention, vrtiosj
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. «uperiomy has rot been equaled. MysacceuhM
. *. ■ ■ ■' ■"Ai.««" been due to the merits of toy work.
r' OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. | Offlcellours-12to4r.it.
■ -^tSS^Hv^S*^*
Notions.
Never such a collection to
choose from as in these days.
Gloves.
LOT 1, 50c Pair.
4-Button Glace, in tans and browns, assorted sizes.
LOT 2, 6."> c Pair.
Derby Gloves, 4 large buttons, tans, browns, Eng-
lish reds and blacks.
LOT 3, SI.OO Pair.
4-Button Kid, large pearl buttons, good assortment
colors and sizes.
BABY RIBBON, l}^o Yard.
No. 1, all Silk, assorted colors, good for fancy
work. •
PILLOWCASE LACE, 3c Yard.
Assorted patterns, from 3 to 4. inches wide.
TOILET SOAP, 10c Box.
University brands— Harvard. Yale, Vassar, etc.;
good value at 25c; 3 cakes in a box.
TRAY COVERS, 10c Each.
Damask stamped, fringed all around, size 15x23
Inches, value double.
FANCY HEAD RESTS, 15c Each.
Silk-covered on one side, assorted colors and pat-
terns.
SWISS FLOUNCING, 20c Yard.
Embroidered edge, -scalloped and hemstitched-
was 25c yard. '
Furnishings.
BOYS' COTTON HOSE, 15c Pair.
Black, heavy quality, narrow rib, seamless double
knees, heels and toes, fast color.
MERINO VESTS, 25c Each.
Natural Gray Merino, 11. X., 1,. s., Jersey ribbed,
fancy crochet neck and front, heavy quality.
Domestics.
No woman who cares to save
money can afford to overlook
these offers.
INDIGO AND FANCY CALICO, BJ^c Yd.
32 inches wide, good quality, dark colors; reduced
from 12 Vie.
FLANNELS, 150 Yard.
Heavy dark Twill Flannel, 28 Inches wide, wool
mixed.
Irish Frieze, 27 inches wide, blue mixture. Both
in the one lot, for 15c.
FLANNELS, 19c Yard.
27 Inches wide, all-wool plaids and checks, lot
wrappers ; reduced from 85c yard.
10-4 BLANKETS, 450 Each.
White Cotton; reduced from 75c.
UNBLEACHED NAPKINS, 750 Dozen,
Size 18x18 Inches, colored borders.
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, 53. 75
Each.
Prettily figured, sateen covered, full double-bed
size.
WHITE BLANKETS, 55.00 Pair,
All wool, size 72x84 Inches, weight 5 lbs.
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, 87.75.,
Full size, silk covered, sateen lining; regular
price ?IU.
Furnishings.
UNION SUITS, SI. OO Suit. .
One lot of Ladies' Kibbed Union Suits, H. X., L. &
LADIES' VESTS, SI. OO Each.
All- Wool Ribbed Vests, one lot to close.
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordl«
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
i bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
lire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1393,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1890, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each,
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, In the said
town of Lincoln, l'lacer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals lor the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice.up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both.
Inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same, are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay for
same as delivered; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damage*. A deposit
in the United States postofh'ce of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and witn the seal of said town affixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated in his
bid for said bonds, prepaid, ihall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice. J
Dated December 81, 1895.
' F. L.-Saxders, Town Clerk.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
St^ttsr *•«• to