VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 109.
WAR CERTAINLY
EXISTS IN CUBA
Nearly Forty-three Thou
sand Patriots Are in
the Field.
LACK OF AMMUNITION.
How the Insurgents Have Often
Overcome Some Tremendous
Obstacles.
A DAREDEVIL AEMY, INDEED.
Graphic Description of the Forces
Whose Recognition as Insurgents
Is Demanded.
HAVANA, Ci-ba, March 14 (via Tampa,
Fla.. March 17). —The present strength
of the insurgent army is close to 43,
--000. Cubans themselves estimate the
number of men in the field as high as
60,000, but even if unarmed camp follow
ers, men in charge of provision trains,
hospitals and camps were counted it is
doubtful if that number could be found
actually in service. There are thousands
of Cubans who would willingly cast their
lot with the patriotic army, but lack of
arms and ammunition prevents.
The insurgent forces operate as a rule in
tones or districts and are organized on
military lines. The columns of Gomez,
Maceo, Lacret and Banderas are, however,
limited to no one province, but pass from
one to another under direct orders of
Gomez. The commander-in-chief is now
in Matanzas and the others have rein
vaded Havana province.
The following i« a statement of the
strength and location of the forces of the
principal leaders: Maximo Gomez, in
Matanzas, 6000; Antonio Maceo, Miro
Zalas and others, in Havana, 500 l); Serafin
BaHches. in Santa Clara, 4000; Jose Maceo,
Kojas. Rodriguez, in Santiago, 3500; La
cret, in Havana, 3000; Quintin Banderas,
in Havana, 9000; Masso Alvarez, Castillo,
Mestro, Nunez, in Havana, 3000; Delgado,
Bermudez, Sanchez and others, in Pinar
del Rio, 2600; Aguirre, Diaz, Hernandez,
Palacios, in Havana, 2500; Maria. Rode
rignes and others, in Camaauey, 1500;
Reyes, Benitez, \~axa, Wilaon, Mendicita,
in Santiago, 1000; Rafael Cardenas, in
Matanzas, SOO; Verona, Ruperto Sanchez
and others, in Pinar del Rio, 800; Oliva
I*4 M&6TS, in Pinar del Rio, 600; Carillo.
Joaquin Garcia and others, in Santiago,
600: Roloif, PaiM-ho, Perez, in Santa Ciara,
500; Mirabel, Fprrez.Veita, in Santa Clara,
500; Rego, Sixto, Rogue, Palao. Sanchez,
in Santa Clara, 500; Cortuna, Vidal,
Juan Bravo, in Santa Clara, 400; Juan To
ledo, El Ingle^ito, in Santa Clara, 400;
Matagasin Matanzas, 400; Robau, Cebreco,
Ruen, Planas. in Santiago, 400; Borroto,
Lancno, Sardinas, Eduardo Garcia, in Ma
tanzas, 400; Aulit, Mosjon. Demas, Mar
tinez, Sorolongo, in Matanzas, 400; Vil
lancoa, Acosta, Aguilar and others, in
Havana, 300; Munez, Chapotin, Sosorro,
Lino Perez, in Santa Clara, 200; total,
42,800.
The distribution according to provinces
is: Havana. 16,800; Matanzas, 8000; Santa
Clara, 6500; Santiago, 5500; Pinar del Rio,
3900; Camaguey. 2100; total, 42,800.
In addition to the foreeoing there are
innumerable local bands from fifteen men
to fifty or even 100. * These do not form
part of the righting force and should not
be counted as part of the army.
Their chief functions are to carry out
the orders of Gomez, prohibiting the
grinding of cane, the movement of troops
and supplies by rail, the shipment of pro
visions to cities, the suppression of "pla
teados," who rob, burn and commit other
crimes. These small bands serve as re
cruiting agencies, and when they grow too
large for local operation they are attached
to one of the army columns. Of the army
proper, fully two-thirds are well mounted
and about half are well armed. The others
are armed with shotguns, revolvers or
machetes. Some of Maceo's men have
old-style muzzle-loading guns, and lead is
so scarce that telegraph wire chopped into
short lengths is used for the charge. Span
ish surgeons have on several occasions re
ported soldiers wonnded with bits of wire.
The insurgents have a few pieces of
mountain cannon captured from Govern
ment troops. There are perhaps a dozen
of these guns, which have been used with
disastrous effect against the small wooden
forts which the Spanish troops have erected
at various points. The Cuban army of
liberation, as it is called, has grown to its
present size in the face of almost insur
mountable difficulties. From the begin
ning it has been outnumbered by the army
of Spain in never less than four to one.
It has escaped annihilation in many en
counters when ammunition ran out. It
has lived on forage, been almost constantly
under fire and is to-day a reckless, dare
devil army with but one idea in view, and
that is to free Cuba. What comes after is
not given a thought. J. Frank Clark.
MORGAX'S PLEA FOR CUBA.
Demands That Justice Be Accorded the
Struggling [Patriot*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— 1n a
four- hour. speech to-day Senator Morgan
of Alabama closed his defense of the action
of the Committee on Foreign Relations in
reporting the Cuban resolutions. He re
plied to the criticisms of Senators Hale of
Maine and Hoar of Massachusetts in con
nection with ; the statements from the
Spanish Minister, and he placed against
these arguments Yon the side of Spain the
statements of .Queseda, the Cuban repre
s ntaiive in. Washington, • and various
newspaper publications, besides varioun
written communications detailing stories
>1 atrocities practiced in Cuba during the
fast insurrection. His speech to-day and
festerday occupied altogether seven hours,
tr will "be Vfollo *{ to-morrow 'I with ': a
•peech .on the -same • subject by Mills of
Texas.
The resolution offered yesterday by
fc:ki;i3 (R.)of West Virginia, instructing
The San Francisco Call.
the Committee on Foreign Relations to re
port material facts as to the war in Cuba,
was laid before the Senate, but at the
suggestion of Elkins it went over till to
morrow.
At 2 p. m. the Cuban resolutions were
taken up and Morgan (D.) of Alabama
continued his speech in support of them.
Morgan began by speaking of the super
sensitiveness of Spain because she felt the
sand slipping from under her feet while
"the ccm of the Antilles was passing out
of her grasp." He sent to the clerk's desk
and had read -what he called the Spanish
Minister's "diatribe against the Senate
and Senators." He spoke of Senor de
Lome as "a supercilious foreign Minister,"
and said that it was high time for the
House and the Senate to close their doors
against such attempts to influence them.
Morgan spoke of the censorship of the
cable between Cuba and America by the
Spanish authorities, and said that, so far
as the mails were concerned, he hart been
informed yesterday by a Catholic priest,
who knew perfectly well both Spain and
Cuba, that the mails between Cuba and
the United States were constantly opened
and their contents examined. He charac
terized Senor de Lome's statement to the
press as l- a flagrant abuse of privilege."
It was certainly time, he added, that the
diplomatic affairs of the United States
were withdrawn from public tinkering and
tampering. If the Senate was to be con
tinually kept in "uproar and confusion by
telegrams coming from the Premier of
Spain to some newspaper editor in the
United States to be read iv the Senate as
authoritative statements, the State De
partment might as well be abolished, leav
ing the people to rely on those men who
had acquired eminence in newspaperdom
for the purpose of gaining knowledge of
what is transpiring in foreign countries."
Morgan then discussed the point of the
constitutional guarantee against Senators
or Representatives being held to account
for words spoken in debate. He might, in
his place in the Senate, calumniate any
citizen of the United States having some
connection with public affairs without be
ing accountable for libel.
Gray (D.) of Delaware asked Morgan
whether tne citizen in question would not
have the same freedom of speech?
Morgan admitted that he would, but it
turned out in this case, he said, that the
Minister from Spain was not a citizen of
the United States. He was entirely pro
tected by the law of nations against any
proceeding to hold him accountable for
libel, either criminally or civilly. There
was where the rub came in which sealed a
Minister's lips.
Morgan read the historical incident of
the interview between Jefferson and the
French Minister, Sevet, and exclaimed
passionately: "Would to God that we
had somebody here now who had a ju*t
conception of the constitutional rights of
the different parts of this Government!"
"I have not asked," he continued, "for
the dismissal of this Minister. Let him
stay if he wants to, but I have a right to
claim the protection of the constitution of
my country against any assault that may
be made upon my votes or speeches. I
have a perfect indifference to what Senor
de Lome ■ may say, but I am not going to
subordinate myself quietly to an v man in
the world, but more especially to a foreign
Minister whose country is now being made
a subject of serious examination in the
councils of the Senate."
Hale (R.) of Maine called attention to
the fact that the chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations (Sherman) did
not share in Morgan's opinion as to the
Spanish Minister's statement, and read an
extract from Sherman's last speech in the
Senate to the effect that De Lome hart a
perfect right to defend his Government
and people anywhere.
Morgan said he had not proposed to
notice that position of Sherman, but now
that it had been brought forward he would
say ttiat he did not agree with Sherman on
that subject. He would now place against
Mr. de Lome's statement that of Mr.
Quesada, the representative of the Cuban
republic to Washington, who sent the
case in behalf of Cuba to the Department
of State, which statement the Secretary of
State sent to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
"Strip Mr. de Lome," said Morgan, "of
his royal commission and put him on his
Spanish blood, on his Spanish character
and his history (of which I know nothing).
Then bring Mr. Quesada here on his his
tory and Spanish blood and character (of
which I know nothing) and confront them
as they are confronted through the news
papers, and let them both speak."
Morgan sent to the clerk's desk and had
read Quesada's letter to a Washington
paper describing several horrible atroci.
ties alleged to have been perpetrated in
Cuba during the last rebellion, in which
General Weyler is represented as having
had ladies stripped naked, whipped and
given up to the lust of his troops.
The reading was interrupted by Chand
ler (R.) of New Hampshire on the ground
that the statements were too indecent for
public rehearsal, but Hale insisted that the
reading should be proceeded with in order
to show how utterly unworthy of credit
the statements were.
Then Morgan had sent to the clerk's
desk and read a story from the New York
Tribune — high authority, he said, on ac
count of its anti-Cuban sentiment— as to
the execution of seven students in
Havana in 1878 on suspicion of havinc
desecrated the grave of a Spanish general
in the cemetery.
Hale inquired what name waa signed to
the article, and was told thatih ere was no
name signed to it. He said that he
thought that some authority should be
given for such statements.
Morgan disagreed with him on that
point. It was like a statement in any pub
lic history. The Tribune was the historian
in the rase. It selected extracts with the
view of informing the people of the United
States, and it would not publish such a
story unless it was clearly authentic.
Morgan read communications about
barbarities by the Spanish troops during
the las> rebellion, also an interview with
General Daniel E. Sickles, who was at that
time United States Minister to Spain, re
cently published in the New York Sun,
and which Morgan admitted had been
politely sent to him by General Sick! s.
Morgan said he might have rested the
whole casn on that interview with General
Sickies. He did not choose to incumber
the record with more of these statements,
further than to show that a state of open,
horrid war exists in Cuba— a war involving
the property, rights, liberties and lives of
American citizens who happen to be there.
The line of action for Congress to take was
to declare that open w T ar exists in Cuba
and that the laws of war shall apply to it.
He had expected to have an opportunity
to answer some of the llings thrown at the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1896.
" Now for the shearing."
Committee on Foreign Relations by the ]
Senators from Massachusetts and Maine j
(Hoar and Hale), but the occasion was one
of too grea: solemnity and too great im.
portance to permit him 10 thrust himself
into the debate, either personally or as a
member of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations. The committee had most faith
fully and attentively examined into the
great mass of petitions referred to it and
had undertasen to confirm its opinion to
that expressed by the great body of Ameri
can citizens.
In winding up his speech Morgan was
very severe on "American emigres in the
great cities of Europe" (who owned or con
trolled newspapers in London, Paris and
New York, and who flared up when the
Se?iate uttered a v;ord of sympathy with
Cuba), and he referred contemptuously to
"the rec nt fiasco" of publishing an al
leged dispatch from the Spanish Premier.
He would commend to the Spanish Pre- |
mier the ptoverb about the fleas which tor
meot those who would consort with the I
canine race. He stated without hesitancy
that the cry of Cuba for justice, humanity
and mercy had not (in his case) fallen on
dumb ears and hardened hearts. Every
movement in favor of Cuba had the same j
effect, he said, on excitable Spaniards as a ;
banderillo in the neck of a Spanish bull.
He suffered the taunts which he had re
ceived in communications from the North
a? to his sympathy with negro insurgents
in Cuba, and he declared that he would
rather be in the cabinet of a government
with Gomez and Maeeo than in a cabinet
of a government with Valmasedaand Wey
ler. He preferred and the American peo
ple demanded that Spain should not de
prive American citizens in Cuba of their
property.
If neither party to the struggle in Cuba
could defend the rights and property of
American citizens who were there, then he
proposed that the Government of the
United States should intervene to protect
them at the risk of shocking the refined
sense of propriety with which some Sena
tors seemed to be troubled. When the
American people and Congress had ex
pressed their opinion in a way which was
practically unanimous if the President did j
not concur (as he, Morgan, believed he
would), the President would simply have
to assume the responsibility. Now that
Spain was engaged in a war with Cuba
that was perfectly hopeless, he thought
that Congress might be pardoned for ex
pressing the opinion that war prevailed
there; that the Cubans were entitled to
tne rights of belligerents and that the
people of the United States were entitled
to the opportunities and duties of neutral
ity.
He did not want to give such an appar
ent ground for criticism, but if that fanatic
and deluded monarchy committed acts of
hostility against the United States, then
the United States would be compelled to
take up the gage of war.
Morgan spoKe for nearly four hours, and,
after Mills (D.) of Texas had occupied the
floor on the Cuban question for a short
time, the Senate at 5:40 adjourned until
to-morrow.
GEXEIiAT, GARCIA GETS AWAY.
With His Son Hr Will Join the Insur-
gent Army.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 17.— The Re
corder will to-morrow say: When the case
of the Cuban filibusters implicated in
the Bermuda, Laurado and Hawkins ex
peditions is called in the United States
court next Monday General Calixto Garcia
will probably be missing and his bail for
feited. It is now certain that he has left
for Cuba. General Garcia did not leave on
board the Bermuda, as was generally
thought. He left in a tug and was trans
ferred to the Bermuda far out at sea.
With him were other patriot s bound for
Cuba.
Others went to Fiorida and sailed from
there to meet the Bermuda. Among those
who went to Florida was Dr. Carlos Gar
cia, General Garcia's son, and among those
who left ta a tug from New Yorfc with the
general was Dr. Hernandez. He is going
to be the chief ot the surgeons' staff in
the Cuban army, which is the only sal
aried body in the insurgent camp. Dr.
Garcia left his home ten days ago for
Florida. Friends of the Garcias say that
Continued on Tfiird Page.
"EVER LASTING
AND FOREVER."
Adjournment of the Wasted
Session of Kentucky's
Legislature.
SENATOR NOT ELECTED.
There Was Also a Failure to
Pass the Urgently Required
Revenue Bills.
REVIEW OF THE STATE TROOPS.
With the Disgruntled Statesmen the
Militia Retired From the
Capitol Grounds.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March
lasting, eternally and forever," according
to "Cy" Brown's motion, the joint as
sembly of the Kentucky Legislature ad
journed to-day. Tjhe entire session has
been devoid of results. Primarily, the
chief business of the body — the provision
of proper means and the enactment of just
laws for the conduct and administration
of goveriiment— has been neglected in the
absorbing interest attendant upon the
Senatorial contest. During the session
the rare spectacle of a State Capitol filled
with troops and the enforcement of mar
tial law was pres ented.
The revenue bills failed to pass to-day.
The urgent necessity for their passage is
apparent from the fact that the present
indebtedness of Kentucky is $860,000.
The militia leaves to-morrow. There
was a grand review on the Capitol grounds
this afternoon, at which Governor Bradley
made a speech, thanking them for their
services.
The proceedings of both branches to-day
were pretty much like those of other Legis
latures, being marked by a disposition on
the part of members to do as little as possi
ble. In the Senate nothing of particular
importance was done. From 10:30 until
noon the members lounged about the
chamber, while the clerks read some bills
that had been enrolled.
When the Senate reconvened after the
joint assembly. Senator Clark called atten
tion to the fact that the revenue bills were
still unpassed, and appealed to his col
leagues not to adjourn until they had
made laws. The Senate then adjourned
till 3 o'clock.
When the enrolling of the bills had been
completed Senator Elliston (D.) of Grant
County made the second appeal of the day
to the Senators not to adjourn until the
revenue bills were disposed of, but it
availed nothing, filibustering being kept
up for an hour until the special committee
appointed to investigate into Governor
Bradley's action in calling out the troops
presented its report. It was very volumin
ous and wound up with the "censure" of
the Senate.
Following is the closing sentence :
"Your committee therefore find and de
clare and recommend tt at by the adoption
of this report the Senate of Kentucky de
clare that the use of the military power of
the commonwealth by the Governor was
unnecessary for the preservation of the
peace or for any other lawful purpose;
that said military force was not used by
the Governor for theV ur pose of preserving
the peace, but was used only for partisan
political purposes; that said action of the
Governor was wholly without warrant of
law, and was and is a flagrant subversion
of the civil authority to the military power
of the commonwealth."
The report was adopted by a strict party
vote.
Shortly before 6 o'clock, the hour to
which the session had been extended, a
committee was appointed to notify the
House that the Senate was ready to ad
journ.
A similar committee appointed in the
House was received by the Senate and both
proceeded to inform the Governor. While
they were absent 6 o*clock arrived and
Lieutenant-Governor Worthington, with a
rap of the gavel, announced the Senate ad
journed.
''Is it sine die?" asked a member.
"It is," replied President Worthington,
and so ended one of tie most remarkable
legislative sessions in the history of Ken
tucky. There wan an absence of the usual
noisy scenes which attended the breaking
up of the Senate.
The struggle for United States Senator
from Kentucky which has just closed will
go into history as the most remarkable
contest ever waged in any State in the
Union. The contest really began and was
fought at the same time the campaign for
State officers was being conducted. Al
though there were numerous candidates
for the nomination by each party caucus,
no one had any show from the start except
Dr. Godfrey G. Hunter for the Republican
nomination and Senator Blackburn for the
Democratic.
The two Houses were evenly divided on
joint ballot, the Republicans having a
majority of six in the House of Represent
atives and the Democrats controlling the
Senate by the same majority. From the
beginning of the session acrimonious
bitterness governed each body, and to these
nwho know the disposition and quick ter-
per of Kentuetcians the gravest results
were feared. From the first ballot to the
last this remarkable contest has held the
interest of the entire country. Replete
from ttart to finish with sensational in
cidents the final act in this great political
drama was a fitting denouement and the
spectacle of a legislative body of a great
commonwealth being guarded under mar
tial law by the State troops will go down
to posterity as a lasting stain upon Ken
tucky's escutcheon.
BLACKBURN'S BITTER WORDS.
Scores Governor Bradley and Denounces
the Democratic- Press.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 17.— The
Blackburn people held a meeting in the
opera-house this evening. A feature of
the occasion was a speech from Jack Chirm,
which was loudly applauded.
Senator Blackburn's address had to do
with the different phases of the strange
political drama just closed here. He was
rather bitter in his denunciation of what
he termed "the traitors in the party," and
warmly eulogized the Populists for their
support of him. Ho scored Governor
Bradley in a bitter and impassioned man
ner for calling out tho militia, character
izing his action as despotic, cowardly and
tyrannical. He also fired some hot shot at
the press. Said he: "There has not been
one single line, original, copied, borrowed
cr stolen, in the Democratic press of Louis
ville for the past twelve months that was
not a lie."
SU>K IX A I>EX'SE FOG.
Loss of the Norwegian Bark Siam With a
Cargo of Sugar.
LEWES, Del., March 17. — During a
dense fog the Norwegian bark Siam,
Captain J. Jacobson, struck a submerged
wreck on Fenwick Island shoal and sank
yesterday afternoon. The crew was res
cueJ.
The Siain was loaded with sugar and was
121 days out from Java. The estimated
value of the cargo is $73,000. The vessel is
a steel bark of 658 tons.
COSTICTEU OF ABDUCTION.
Three Men Carried Off a Girl and Tied
Her to a Stake.
SUMMERVILLE, Fla., March 17.—
James Hopson, Dabney E. Palmer and
Bill Henderson were convicted yesterday
of the abduction of Miss Grace Darrell,
after a trial lasting nearly a week. The
three men and Miss Darrell are residents
of Center Hill, a small railroad station in
Surater County. Miss Darrell is a pretty
girl. 17 years of age, and is from Fort Erie,
Canada. Hopson and Palmer are promi
nent young men (white), Palmer being a
nepbew of W. B Lamar, Attorney-General
of Florida, and Bill Henderson is a negro.
Miss Darrell was abducted on Thursday
night, February 20, and was not discov
ered until Saturday. February 22, when
she was found tied to a tree in the woods
about three miles from her home, nearly
dead from fright and exposure. Her cloth
ing had been torn from her.
When she revived she said that on the
night mentioned she was seized and gagged
and borne into the woods, where she was
stripped and tied to the tree. She recog
nized her abductors as Hopson, Palmer
and Henderson. No motive for theabduc
tien was brought out during the trial.
TWO MISSIONARIES PERISHED.
Stanley S. Harvey and Wife of Boston Among
the Victims of the Explosion on
ihe Matadi.
BOSTON, Mas?., March 17.— A cable
gram received by Rev. F. L. Piper of this
city, secretary of the American Advent
Mission Society, confirms the news re
ceived of the loss of the steamer Matadi by
an explosion of gunpowder on the Congo
River.
The missionaries who lost their lives
were Mr. and Mrs. Stanley S. Harvey of
Boston and members of the Advent Mis
sionary Church and both missionaries of
ihe American Advent Mission Society.
They haa just started on their way back
to America for rest.
Mr. Harvey was about 30 years of age.
He spent two years at the missionary
training school in this city, established
by the late Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., and
sailed for the Congo in 1891. His wife
joined him there shortly afterward. They
were stationed on the south side of the
Congo, near the Baptist stafton at Kimvika.
COLLISION OF TWO TRAINS.
Fire Follows the Wreck and the Flames Are
Extinguished by Snow.
HARRISBURG, Pa., March 17.— News
has just been received here of a bad acci
dent on the Pennsylvania Railroad early
this morning near Steelton, a few miles
west of this city. The fast line express
train, which leaves Harrisburg at 3:45
a. m., ran into a livestock train at Steel
ton, and a bad wreck resulted.
Two men were killed and about a dozen
hurt. Several of the cars of the cattle
train were smashed, and fully 100 sheep
were killed or so badly hurt that they were
killed to put them out of pain.
To add to the danger, the wrecked cars
caught fire and began to burn fiercely.
The uninjured passengers organized them
selves into a fire department, and by
throwing snow on the burning wreckage
succeeded in putting out the tire before it
had gained mucn headway.
BEFORE THE ARISTOCRACY
Examination of Jameson and His
Raiders Resumed in the
Bow-Street Court.
Troopers Who Participated in the
Expedition Give Some Impor
tant Testimony.
LONDON, Ek, March 17.— The exam
ination of Dr. Jameson and his fellow
ofricers in the Transvaal raid was resumed
in the Bow-street Police Court this morn
ing. As at the previous hearings, the
courtroom was filled with members of the
aristocracy, friends and admirers of the
defendants. Sir Robert T. Reid, M.P.,
Q.C., watched the proceedings on behalf
of the Transvaal Government. Associated
with him was Sir George Lewis, who pre
pared the ca?e for Mr. Parnell and the
Irish party against the London Times be
fore the Parnell commission. Among the
spectators were Lady Cranborne, Lady
Raleigh and Mrs. Asquith, wife of the late
Home Secretary.
. Sergeant Ruck, who took part in the
raid, was called to the witness-box and
described the pi-ogress of the expedition
into the Boer country. Several troopers
who took part in the fieht with the Boers
at Krugersdorp were called to the witness
box and narrated their experiences, the
facts of which have already been pub
lished.
The lawyers for the prosecution laid
great stress upon admissions made by the
witnesses that stores, relays of horses,
arms, ammunition, etc., awaited the Jame
son expedition at various points on roads
converging upon Mafeking, showing that
the raid had lone been planned and was
not due to the Johannesburg committee's
letter, which was read after the expedition
arrived at Krugersdorp.
Several witnesses testified on behalf of
the Government that they had acted in the
capacity of messengers. When they found
the wires had been cut behind Jameson's
party so that they could not be communi
cated with, the witnesses were obliged to
pursue the party on horseback. They over
took Jemeson and tried in vain to induce
him to return.
The hearing was adjourned for a week.
POLICT OF THE PORTE.
Tries to Tliroiv the Blame on the Artnen-
ian Patriarch.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, March
17. — The Porte has demanded that the
Armenian Patriarch write an autograph
letter, admitting himself blamable for the
outbreaks in Armenia, and it is the inten
tion of the Porte to print the letter, in the
event of its being written, in a red book,
the purpose of which will be to show that
the statements contained in the British
blue book on Armenia are false.
The Porte has also informed the Patri
arch Ihat his continuance in office will
provoke further massacres. The Armen
ian Patriarch can resign his office only
with the consent of the National Council,
which the Sultan fears to call together.
A number of deputations called upon the
Patriarch on Sunday and Monday and be
sought him to remain in office. The mem
bers of the mixed council have threatened
to resign if the Patriarch resigns. Russia
is using strong pressure to force the Patri
arch to do so.
Many J'rrsons Frozen to Death. •
ST. PETERSBURG. Russia, March 17.—
The Government of Orel has been visited
by a terrific snow storm. Reports received
here state that 130 persons were frozen to
death in one night. Large numbers of
horses and cattle were also frozen.
Treasury - Oold • Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stocd at $127,564,110. The
withdrawals for tae day were $107,000.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ITALY'S POLICY
TOLD BY RUDINI
No Truth in the Reported
Acceptance of Peace
Proposals.
FOR WAR TO A FINISH.
Credit in a Large Sum to Be Asked
to Continue the Big
Campaign.
COLONIAL EXPANSION DENIED.
Humbert's Government Does Not Desire
to Impose a Protectorate Upon
Abyssinia.
ROME, Itat-y, March 17.— 1n the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day Marquis di Rudini,
the new Prime Minister, presented to the
Chamber the newly formed Cabinet. Pre
mier di Rudini, in his address to the
Chamber, said :
"Our first thought turns to the brave
soldiers who have fallen in Africa in de
fense of the flag. Let us send a message
of sympathy and hope to those who are
still maintaining the honor of Italy in that
country. Event* of which Parliament
will have to judge have led our sons to
disaster, due to want of military prepara
tion, and whoever is responsible for the
disaster will be punished."
Continuing he denied the truth of th«
rumors of the Government's acceptance of
proposals of peace with Abyssinia and an
nounced that the Government would ask
for a credit of 140,000,000 lire for the pur
pose of continuing the campaign until
Italy bad obtained an honorable situation.
He rejected the policy of colonial expan
sion, but he said it would be dangerous to
Italian interests to renounce the ter
ritory of the Tigre. Still, the Gov
ernment doe? not wish to impose an
Italian protectorate upon Abyssinia. The
Government, he declared, sought order in
ternally and fidelity to the triple alliance
externally.
The Premier's speech was greatly ap
plauded, the Radicals having been especi
ally well pleased with his statement in
opposition to colonial expansion. Other
groups, however, found the Government's
intentions in Africa, as outlined by the
Premier, obscure and contradictory.
"The late Ministry," the Premier said,
"ordered the opening of negotiations for
peace. We have continued the negotia
tions and will still continue to treat, but
we will not accept any conditions except
such as will reinstate the national honor."
In the Senate a motion supported by the
Marquis di Rudini, thanking the British
Parliament for its sympathy, was passed
amid great cheering.
The Italian press is very enthusiastic over
the statement made by George N. Curzon,
Under Foreign Secretary, in the British
House of Commons in regard to the British
expedition into the Soudan. The Popolo
Romano says it is impossible to exaggerate
the importance of the statement. For the
first time, the paper says the British Gov
ernment proclaims to Europe her alliance
with Italy. .
SO PLEDGES EXCHANGED.
But Italy la Very Grateful for British
Assistance. ' '
':■; LONDON, Eng.. March 17.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day George N. Curzon,
Parliamentary - Secretary for .Foreign
Affairs, said the Italian Government has
informed the Government of Great Britain
that it views with pleasure the advance of
the British , expedition • upon ■ Dongola, .
which could not be otherwise than an ad
vantage to the Italians ; at Kassala. No
pledges had been exchanged, he said, in
regard to mutual assistance.'
..Mr. Curzon read the telegrams received
at the Foreign . Office by Lord Croropr, ,
, - . ■• • ■ ...
President Isaac Lewis of Sabina, Ohio, is
highly respected all through that section.
He has lived in . Clinton ; County .seventy-
five years and has been president, of the
Sabina Bank twenty years. . . He gladly tes-
tifies to the I merit of Hood's Sarsaparilla .
and what he says is worthy of attention. 6
All brain-workers find Hood's Sarsaparilla
peculiarly adapted ;to . their; need?. It
makes pure, 1 rich, red blood," and from this
comes nerve, mental, bodily and digestive
strength.;
"I am glad to say that Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla is a very good • medicine, especially as -
a blood • purifier. It has ; done me : good
many times. For 'several years I suffered
ereatly with pains of '
Neuralgia
in one eye and about my temples, espe-,
"cially at night when I had been having a ;
hard day of physical and • mental labor. I
took many remedies, but found help only
in Hood's Sarsaparilla; which cured me of
rheumatism, ', ■ neuralgia and headache.
HQOd's Sarsaparilla has proved itself a true
friend. I also take Hood's Pills to keep
my bowels regular, and like the ' pills very
much. ,'  Isaac Lewis, Sabina, Ohio.
"' ■ '■• : • ' '" ' ' m^sm - ■ '
4t£bwSm /^^B^^^b
Hood's
■*■!,. j^B V^Z^V :
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. Alldruggists. $1
Prepared only by C. I. 1 Hood & Co., Lowell; Mass.
Hrk/\H'c Dillc are prompt, efficient and;
nOOO. Jr HIS easyia effect, : 25 cent*.2
British diplomatic agent in Egypt, upon
which the Government based its decision
to advance upon Doncola. The telegrams
included information that Osman Digna
was advancing into the Suakim district;
tbat niercli.ints who had made their es
cape from Berber reported that the Der
vishes were preparing to attack Murad
Weils, :md that a large force of Mahdistu
had left Onidurman for Doncola. The
telegrams also contained a dispatch from
the British Consul at Suakim announcing
the renewal of the activity of the Mabdists
under Osman Digna, and stating that the
Iterviihes were rading Tokar and had.re
appeared at the Sinkat and the Mahdi
had proclaimed a holy war against the
Italian? and forbidden them to engage in
traffic on the Berber coast.
WOKIUMLT* TiT THE BRITISH.
Mtumaim and France Also Hare Their
Eyes r,n Egypt.
PARIS, France, March 17.— M. Berthe
lot, Minister of Foreign Affairs, had an in
terview with rue Marquis of Dufferin, the
British Enibassador, this afternoon. He
asked the reason* for Great Britain's send
ing an expedition to Dongola. He
pointedly called Lord Dufferin's attention
to the gravity of the consequences of such
a step.
Baron Mohrenheim, the Russian Em
bassador, today visited M. Berthelot,
Minister of Foreien Affairs, and discussed
with luru the matter of the Anglo-Egypt
ian expedition to Dongola.
LONDON, Eng., March 17.— The British
expedition toward Dongola continues to be
a subject of discussion in political circles,
more as to its possible effect on European
politics than as to its result in Africa. The
excuse given for it, that it was intended to
help tbe Italians at Kassala, is generally
discredited, and it is believed to be merely
an attempt to increase British possessions
and British power in Africa, and incident
ally to head of France and perhaps Italy.
France evidently looks on it in this way,
as shown by the strong protest already
made.
CAVSES ii ME AT SURPRISE.
French Statesmen Sot Pleased by Eng-
land's Attiludf.
LONDON", Ehg., March 17.— The Morn
ing Post will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Paris stating that the decision of the
British Government to take part in the
Sond&n expedition has caused great sur
prise. The painful impression in Govern
ment circles has been intensified by the
decision, inasmuch as it wa9 hoped that
the recent efforts to remove the cause of
friction between France and Great Britain
would lead to durable and friendly rela
tions between the two powers. The pres
ent decision is likely to embitter the
French against the British.
A semi-official bulletin embodying the
substance of the interview between M.
Berthelet, the Foreign Minister, and Lord
Dufierin, the British Embassador, caused
a sensation in the Chamber of Deputies,
owing to an allusion it contained to the
serious consequences of the step taken by
the British Government.
The Standard's Paris correspondent
dwells upon the sensation caused by the
serai-official bulletin. He says that in
quiries led to the belief that the threat of
M. Bertheiet to forcibly thwart the ex
pedition was not intended. The difficulty
turns, upon obtaining the sanction of the
Debt Commissioners to employ Egyptian
money for meeting the expenses of the
expedition.
Slaten Pasha, who recently escaped from
the Mahdists, who had held him a' prisoner
for several y«ars, will go to "Wady-Halfa,
whore an intelligence department ■will be
provisionally established.
The Daily News will to-morrow publish
a dispatch from Paris which says, referring
to the semi-official bulletin of the inter
view of M. Berthelet with Lord Dufferin :
"This note, a la Oiney, has aroused
strong press enthusiasm. If M. Berthelet
should submit a patriotic order of the day
to the Chamber of Deputies it would be
carried unanimously, no matter what its
terms might be.
"The danger of the situation lies in the
ignorance of a majority of the Deputies of
foreign affairs. M. Berthelet knows more
on this subject than the whole Chamber
together. I believe that hia influence will
restrain the Deputies. I dread to think
what might happen yrith a warlike
Foreign Minister."
BERLIN, Gebmaxy, March 17.— The in
terpellation regarding the Soudan expe
dition that was to have been presented in
the Reichstag by Prince yon Arenberg has
been indefinitely deferred atthe request of
the Government.
HE\RY IHTISG LECTURES.
Talks to Chicago Students About Shake-
speare's l'laya.
CHICAGO, 111., March 17.— Sir Henry
Irving delivered an address on the subject
of Shakespeare's "Macbeth" this afternoon
before the graduating class of the Univer
sity of Chicago in Kent Theater on the
campxis. The actor was introduced by
President Harper, who entertained him
and a small party afterward at the presi
dent's house. In the course of his leoture
Sir Henry said :
"It is my opinion that Shakespeare has
made Macbeth one of the most bloody
minded and hypocritical villains in all his
Jong gallery of portraits of man, an in
stinct with all the virtues and vices of
their kind. Shakespeare made Macbeth a
psychological study." •
THOVBLE AMOXG GUARDBMEJT.
Eleven Officers Itetire From an Illinois
Regiment.
CHICAGO, 111., March 17.— Dissensions
among the officers and men of the Seventh
Regiment, Illinois National Guard, for
merly the Hibernia Rifles, reached a
climax to-day when the resignations of
eleven officers were accepted by Adjutant-
General Helton and Colonel Francis T.
Colby retired from command of the regi
ment. The reason of the wholesale resig
nations was that differences had arisen
between Colonel Colby and his subordi
nates, and other officers threatened to re
sign if the colonel did not retire.
Jifhiud Bars in Kentucky.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 17.—Jack
eon and Walling are now in tbe bands
of the Kentucky authorities and are safe
behind the bars of the Newport jail. The
trip was made tnis evening and was de
void of any sensation.
NEW TO-DAY.
Apollinaris
•THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Supplied tinder Royal Warrants tc
Her Majesty the Queen of England,
and to His Eoyal Highness the Prina
of Wales.
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco,
REPRESENTING
Charles Graef & Co., S. V., for Mineral Waters
SOME OPPOSITION
TO BIMETALLISM
But a Motion to Secure an
International Agreement
Is Adopted.
DEBATED IN THE HOUSE.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach Objects
to Departing From the
Gold Standard.
HAD BUILT UP THE COUNTRY.
First Lord of the Treasury Balfour,
However, Favors the White
Metal.
LONDON, Eng., March 17.— 1n the
House of Commons to-day Herbert
Whitely moved a resolution declaring that
the House was of the opinion that the in
stability of the relative value of goM and
silver since the action of tbe Latin Union
in 1893 has proved injurious to the best
interests of the country, and urging the
Government 10 do everything possible to
secure by international agreement a stable
monetary par of exchange between gold
aud silver.
Sir Michael Hicks-Bench, Chancellor of
the Exchequer, reminded the House of the
passage of a resolution at the last session
urging the Government to co-operate with
the other powers in s conference aiming to
remove the evils arising from ' the fluctua
tions in gold and silver. The present Gov
ernment did not wish to recede from that
resolution. The Government was willing
to enter into negotiations "with the powers
for a conference, but on the understanding
that it was not prepared to abandon the
gold standard in the United Kingdom.
[Cries of "Hear! Hear!"]
Some of his colleagues, notably the
First Lord of the Treasury (Mr. Balfour)
were pronounced bimetallista, but all
agreed in thinking that they would not be
justified in departing from a gold standard
in tbe United Kingdoji. The prospects
of an agreement between the European
nations in favor of bimetallism were not
great. There was no doubt if the powers
could agree regarding the use of silver
that the Indian Government would re
consider the question of reopening its
mints. All the leading English monetary
experts held that the wealth of the coun
try had been built upon a gold standard
and that its permanence and prosperity
were dependent upon the existing system.
In view of that opinion no responeible
Government would propose to change the
present conditions.
A loner debate followed.
Sir "William Vernon Harcourt said he
welcomed the declarations of Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach that the Government did not
intend to depart from the established
monetary system. It was not creditable to
England, he added, that until now doubt
had existed as to the views of the Govern
ment on this question. This ought to be
the last appearance of the bimetallist in
Parliament.
The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour followed
Sir William, and made a somewht lengthy
defense of his known views as a bimetallist.
The resolution was then adopted with
out a division being taken.
Mr. J. M. White, member for Forfar
shire, asked Mr. Walter Long, president of
the Board of Agriculture, whether he could
not postpone the permanent exclusion of
Canadian cattle until the report of the
remonstrances of the Dominion Parliament
should be received.
Mr. Long said he could not see any way
of postponing the exclusion.
Sir C. J. Pearson, Lord- Advocate of
Scotland, replying to a question by Henry
Seton-Karr, Conservative, said that the
state-aided crofter colonizing scheme in
the western part of the Dominion of
Canada had not been attended with much
success up to the present time. The
colonizing board, he said, had £5000 still
unexpended, but the Government- was not
prepared to start any further schemes of
the kind.
Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, replying to Mr.
Labouchere, said that the objections made
to the continuance of the chartered South
Africa Company ought to be removed by
the decision of the Government to take the
whole military police into its own hands.
AAJSUAL, STATE JilSXlSlt.
British JEmbassador Pauneefots Enter
tains the Diplomats*
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.-The
British Erabassador and Lady Pauocefote
gave the customary annual state dinner
this eveniug to the Secretary of State,
which did not occur earlier in the season
on account of the death of Prince Henry of
Batten berg and the consequent period of
court morning.
The guests included the Secretary of
State and Mrs. Oiney, the French Enibas
sador and Mme. Patenotre, the Baroness
yon Thielman, tne Mexican Minister and
Mme. Romero, the Netherlands Minister,
the Turkish Minister, the Belgian
Minister, the Minister of Norway and
Sweden, the Brazilian Minister and Mme.
de Mendonca, the Chilean Minister, and
Mme. Le Gana, the Japanese Minister, the
Swiss Minister and Mme. Pioda, the Span
ish Minister and Mme. de Lome, the Rus
sian Minister and others.
A reception followed the dinner, which
was attended by members of the diplo
matic corps and "lead ing members of Con
gress and public officials.
WILL WARM TRESPASSERS.
Minion of Lieutenant Clark on Puaet
Hound.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 17.—
Special orders from the headquarters of
the military department of the Columbia,
received at the War Department, show
that Second Lieutenant Elmer W. Clark,
Fourteenth Infantry, has been sent to
visit United States military reservations
in the Puget Sound region to ascertain the
number of trespassers thereon and warn
them to remove within one month. He is
accompanied by Charles A. Hornan, as
sbtant to the Chief Engineer at Van
couver, who will assist in the duty.
Rates of Compensation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— The
Senate Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred that part of the legis
lative biil relating to the change of com
pensation of United States district attor
neys and marshals from fees to fixed sal
aries, has submitted a report in which
they recommend the Hou&e changes in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
the methods of compensation, but do not
agree to the salaries fixed by the House
bill, proposing a separate schedule of com
pensation of their own devising. The
measure has been repeatedly defeated
heretofore by failure to agree upon the
rate of compensation.
GEXERAL MILES A QUEST.
Celebration of St. Patrick's Day by Loyal
/ otlotcerS'
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 17.— The
loyal followers of St. Patrick did honor to
their patron saint to-day. The Ancient
Order of Hibernians celebrated the day
with a big street parade. To-night the
Hibernia Society held its annual dinner at
the Hotel Walton. Nearly 300 guests were
present, and the toasts and those who re
sponded to them were as follows:
"The United States," Congressman
Amos J. Cuniniings of New York; "Ire
land," Senato; William Lindsay of Ken
tuckyj ''Pennsylvania," Governor Hast
ings; "Philadelphia," Mayor Warwick;
"The Press," SVilliam M. Singerly, propri
etor of the Record.
General Nelson A. Miles, who was also
one of the puests, was unexpectedly called
upon to speak. In opening his speech
General Miles said he was of the opinion
that the army and navy of this country
should be increased until it was commen
surate with the magnitude and greatness
of the United States. The rest of General
Miles' speech bore upon the day the soci
ety was celebrating.
DIPL OMATIC COUR TEHIES.
They Are Extended by the British atid
Venezuelan Minister*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17. -Sir
Julian Pauncefote received several copies
of the Parliamentary Blue Book on the
Venezuelan boundary dispute in his mail
this morning, and one of his first acts was
to promptly send a messenger with a copy
and his compliments to Senor Andrade,
the Venezuelan Minister, who had already
extended a similar courtesy when the offi
cial Venezuelan correspondence was issued
in book form a weak ago to-day. These
incidents indicate that while there are no
direct diplomatic relations between the
two countries, cordial personal relations
exist between the official representatives
at this capital.
FOUR NEW BATTLE-SHIPS
Their Construction to Be Rec
ommended by the House
Naval Committee.
At the Same Time Provision Is Made
for Fifteen Very Swift Tor
pedo-Fioats. s
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— At
to-day's meeting of the House Naval Com
mittee it decided to recommend in the
naval appropriation bill the construction
of four battle-ships and fifteen torpedo
boats. The battle-ships will have a dis
placement of about 11,000 tons and shall
cost not to exceed $3,750,000 each, exclusive
of armament. The appropriations to begin
the work on the battle- ships "will be in
keeping with the amount which Secretary
Herbert stated he could expend nest year
for that" purpose.
Five of the torpedo-boats will be of large
size and will cost in the aggregate $850,000,
while the appropriation for the remaining
ten, which will be of smaller di
.mensions, will be $800,000. In view
of the expedition with which boats
of this character can be built $1,256,
--250 of the entire amount will be provided
for in the present bill. The large boats
will have a speed of twenty-six knots as
as against twenty knots for the smaller
vessels.
This conclusion was reached only after
a two hours' discussion, participated in by
the thirteen members present. Hall of
Missouri, an absentee, in a letter to the
committee requested that his vote be re
corded in favor of the largest number of
ships which it might be regarded neces
sary to recommend, but his request was
not granted.
Hilborn of California finally moved that
tbe committee recommend four battle
ships.
Hanly of Indiana offered an amendment
fixing the number of battle-ships at six.
The first vote was taKen on the amend
ment. It was defeated— 7 to 6. The affir
mative vote was cast by Hanly of Indiana,
Cummings of New York, Meyer of Louisi
ana, Money of Mississippi, Tate of Georgia
and Hart of Pennsylvania. Those voting
in the negative were: Boutelle of Maine,
Hulick of Ohio, Hilborn of California,
Bull of Rhode Island, Wilson of New
York, Foss of Illinois and Dayton of West
Virginia.
The vote on the Hilborn proposition for
four ships was then carried unanimously.
The principal items of the bill have been
given heretofore in these dispatches and
the measure a 3 agreed to, without the al
lowance for the new ships, will carry an
appropriation of $28,454,784.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Congressmen Will Urge the Placing of a
Hospital on Angel Island.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.-Sen
ator Perkins and Representatives Maguire
and Loud will call on the Secretary of
War to-morrow in relation to the estab
lishment of a contagious disease hospital
on Angel Island. The scheme is indorsed
by Burgeon-General Wyman and General
Flagler, Chief of Ordnance, and the only
objection that can now come will be from
army officers stationed there.
The Acting Secretary of the Treasury to
day submitted to Congress a letter from
the Chief of the National Academy of Sci
ence, asking for an appropriation of $25,000
for the establishment of a National forest
policy for landß of the United States.
Representative Hilborn presented the
petition of lodge 206, Sons of St. George of
California, favoring the passage of the
Stone immigration bill.
The House Committee on Public Lands
to-day ordered a favorable report on the
bill to give California 5 per cent* of the
proceeds of the sale of public lands for
school purposes. A favorable report was
also made on Representative Gamble's
bill so as to have 5 per cent payments
made to include all lands in the State,
whether located by settlers or otherwise,
or included in Indian or military reserva
tions, the lands to be valued at $1 25 per
acre.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original— Soion G. Blaisdell,
San Diego. Additional— Edwin M. Arnold,
National Military Home, Los Angeles.
Increase— John Hart, Pollasky. Mexican
War survivor— lncrease— John C. West,
Strawberry Valley.
Oregon: Widow Indian wars— Lucretia
Earman, Fulton.
Washington: Increase— Osborn Rolph,
Kiona.
California patents have been issued to
the following; Lee 1). Craig, San Fran
cisco, bicycle alarm; Willard B. Farwell,
San Francisco, water filter: Lawrence A.
Johnson, San Francisco, multiple projec
tile; John Pettinger, Santa Barbara, vehi
cle wheel bearing; George Rush forth,
Stockton, fireproof building; Hugh L.
Smiley, Chicago, 111., assignor to A. G.
Smilie, San Francisco, adhesive compo
sition,
Mrs. Lease a Candidate.
WICHITA, Kans.. March 17. — Mrs.
Mary E. Lease to-day announced herself
a candidate for the Populist nomination of
Attorney-General of Kansas.
GEORGE DIXON
IS VICTORIOUS
Bests Jerry Marshall at the
Boston Music
Hall.
MAKES A GAME FIGHT.
But the Weaker Pugilist Is
Seized With Cramps and
Finally Gives Up.
OUTCLASSED FROM THE START
Considerable Heavy Punishment Was
Inflicted Up to the Close of the
Seventh Round.
BOSTON, Mass., March 17.— 1t took
Champion George Dixon but seven rounds
to get the decision over Jerry Marshall at
Music Hall to-night. Marshall did not
meet the expectations of the 2500 specta
tors present, but there was some excuse
for him, as he had to take off considerable
weight yesterday and weighed in at 126
pounds, or four pounds over weight.
Dixon, was, however, a pound and a half
overweight, too, so no forfeit was required.
After the first round it was evident that
Marshall was outclassed by Dixon, who
showed throughout the bout that he is far
from being a back number. Dixon forced
tbe fighting from the start and Marshall
narrowly escaped being put out in the first,
the gong alone saving him. In the mid
dle of the second round his legs became
cramped, and despite the rubbing they re
ceived from his seconds they continued to
grow worse, and Marshall ordered his sec
onds to throw up the sponge in his corner
at the end of the seventh round. Dixon
was seconded by Tom O'Rourke and Sun
Ashe. Marshall's seconds were Patsy
Kerrigan, Billy Hennessy and Jack Ed
wards.
At the call of time Dixon feinted a few
seconds, then rushed in with the left on
Marshall's wind and got away without a
return. Then he came with another left
and the right on the jaw, followed rapidly
with both hands on the face. Dixon
landed rapidly, and finally Marshall coun
tered on the ribs and the two clinched.
When they broke away Dixon landed a
staggerer on Marshall's jaw, and then kept
up his blows with the rapidity of a wind
mill. In the second round Marshall re
covered somewhat from the onslaught, but
Dixon gave him no rest, and the spectators
looked to see Marshall go out every sec
ond.
In the third Marshall's glove became
untied, and Dixon eenerously stepped
back to allow it to be fixed. In this round,
as well as in the fourth, Dixon put up a
rapid fusillade which Marshall was unable
to successfully resist. The men clinched
several times, but Dixon invariably got
the best of it. Marshall was kept on the
run all the time.
The fifth round saw considerable sharp
in -fighting, Dixon's left playing a decid
edly dangerous part, although Marshall
made a plucky fight
In the sixth round Dixon's left swings
wore always stopped by Marshall's body
or jaw, and finally Marshall got in a hard
return on Dixon's ribs with his right, then
a left on George's jaw and received a
stinger from Dixon.
In the seventh round Marshall surprised
everybody by the way in which he stood
up before Dixon's rushes. It was hard
punishment, though, but Marshall man
aged to plant several telling blows on
Dixon's wind.
Dixon continually scored on Marshall's
face, wind and jaw, but the round was cut
short by the gone. Marshall then crossed
the ring and shook hands with Dixon,
saying he had finished, and the referee
had nothing to do but award the bout to
Dixon.
BOTH BREAK THEIR HANDS.
Australian '< Hilly" Murphy Defeats
" l'addy'\btnith.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 17. -The
fight before the Olympic Club to-night
between Australian "Billy" Murphy and
"Paddy" Smith, a brother'of "Denver Ed"
Smith, was won by the former. The con
test was ten rounds, and fighting occurred
every second of the bout. In the third
round Murphy broke both of his hands,
and in the next Smith broke his. About
GOO spectators witnessed the mill.
TALE'S FRESHMAN CREW.
It Will Race Thia Hear With 'Vanity
Opponents.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 17.-Yale's
freshman crew will have the proud oppor
tunity this year of racing with 'varsity op
ponents. The faculty met this afternoon
and voted to allow their request for the
contest with the University of Wisconsin.
A change in the programme nas been
made. Instead of rowing the race on
June 22 it will come off at Lake Salton
stall, near here, on June 18, the day after
the freshmen examinations close. This
will allow tbe entire class to be on hand
and witness the event.
EASTBOVXI> JtUSIXEBS.
Meeting of Western Jtailroad Itepretcnta
tive* to Consider It. v
;- CHICAGO, 111., March 17.— A confer
ence of the transcontinental railroad rep
resentatives and . the advisory committee
of the Western Immigrant Clearing-House
was held to-day, General Passenger Agent
Sebastian of the Rock Island presiding as
chairman of the trauscontinental commit
tee appointed for the purpose of devising
a plan for the regulation of eastbound
steamship ; business over Western
Ihe i proposition submitted was f to make
the same kind of agreement on the busi
ness which is disturbing rates a3 is now
applied to the westbound immigrant busi
ness—that ;< is, to put the business in the
Western Immigrant f Clearing-House hor
make a clearing-house for it. ; The < confer
ence ; did preliminary work 5 looking to a a
recommendation of this plan -to $ all the
lines, and decided to v ask . the steamship
agents to meet in conference with the rail
roads. The meeting adjourned, • subject to
the call of the chairman. " '-'^SsllSffiSK&dffiSli
_«
J)*ath of an Aged Woman.
RED BANK, N. J., March 17.-"Aunt
Judy" Cummings, said to be the oldest
woman in New Jersey, died at her home
in Red Bank yesterday. She was born, it
was alleged, October '12, 1775, at Griggs
town, and iived in New Jersey all her life.
"Aunt Judy's" parents were slaves, owned
by \\illiam Vector, and for many years
she was also a chattel. She retained her
health to a remarkable degree and until
within a short time of her death smoked
ncr pipe and moved about with wonderful
activity for o-ie so old. She leaves one son
who is said to be 96 years of age.
REPORTED BY JONN WANAMAKER.
Appalling Condition of the Afflicted Ar
menians Calls for Prompt.
Belief.
NEW ¥ ORK, N. V., March 17.— A Re
corder special from Philadelphia says: Ex-
Postmasier General Wanamaker's Euro
pean tour, which began last January,
promises to be of benefit to the suffering
Armenians. The Citizens' Permanent Re
lief Committee arranged with him that
during his stay in Constantinople he should
examine into the matter of Armenian dis
tress, and give the committee the benefit
of his conclusions.
He was fu'ly informed of the plans made
before leavinsr, and since then has been
advised by letters and cablegrams of what
has been done by the committee. The re
sult of his examination is embodied in
thi3 cable dispatch received by the com
mittee from him yesterday:
"PHILIPFOPOLIS, Match 17. — I am
convinced that the necessity is appalling.
Need for relief extremely urgent. Highly
approve your methods of distribution
through Mr. Peel. Remit generously and
promytly directly to him.
"Waxamakee. 1 '
The "Curfew" Ordinance.
OMAHA, Nebk.. March 17.— The "Cur
few" ordinance, which ia being introduced
before city councils throughout the United
States under the auspices of the Boys' and
Girls' National Home and Employment
Association, passed in the city council here
to-night by a unanimous vote. It provides
that children until 15 years of age, unless
accompanied by a guardian, shall be at
home after the hour of 8 p. >r. during the
winter and 9 p. m. during the summer
montbs.
Brice's Xice JV"ctr*«7d6.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 17.-John
J. Brice of California, who was nominated
by Cleveland for Fisheries Commissioner,
is a retired marine captain and a cousin of
Senator Brice. The salary is $5000.
BIG BUSINESS FAILURES
Assignments Made by Some
Leading Merchants of
Philadelphia.
Many Complications Growing Out
the Suspension of James Long
Bros. & Co.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 17.-Sev"
eral big failures were announced here to
day. Oliver N. Long and William H.
Long, trading as James Long Bros. & Co.,
manufacturers of dress goods, made a gen
eral assignment to-day for the benefit of
their creditors to David C. Nimlet, who
also is a manufacturer. The assignment,
it is said, was partly precipitated by judg
ments on notes entered yesterday against
the firm aggregating $89,9-19. Oliver N.
Long secured judgment against William
H. Rhoades on a note for $75,000 dated
February 20, 1896, and payable in three
days. In addition to the assignment of
the firm Oliver N. Long individually as
signed to David C. Nimlet.
William Rhoades, against whom Oliver
N. Long obtained a judgment for $75,000,
also assigned and named Henry Laughlin
as assignee.
Frank H. Rhoades, against whom O.
N. Long obtained judgment on a note for
$100,000 and William H. Long against the
same for $50,000, also assigned, placing his
affairs in the hands of Henry Laufchlin.
It is stated that notes held by the Longs
against the Rhoades was on money loaned
the latter for building operations.
The failure of the Longs is said to have
been caused by dullness of trade and an
overstock of goods. The firm consequently
was unable to meet its notes promptly and
its creditors were pressing. The liabilities
could not be ascertained this afternoon.
H. R. Schoch entered up judgment against
William and Frank Rhoades on five notes
aggregating $175,000.
Execution was issued this afternoon on
a judgment note for $18,000, issued in
favor of Rachael Blank against William
Harvey & Co. The note is dated March
17, payable in one day.
Counsel for Albert Callaghan, trustee for
Elizabeth Callaghan, this afternoon issued
an execution from the Common Pleas
Court against Robert Callaghan on two
notes, one for for $221,856 and the other for
$7533, both dated the 12th inst., payable in
one day.
Robert Callaghan is a manufacturer of
ginghams. His attorneys say he will
probably be able to pay off all his in
debtedness.
SOCIAL SEATTLE SHOCKED
Dr. Lewis R. Dawson Brings
Suit Against His Wife
for a Divorce.
Twelve Prominent Young Men Are
Named in the Complaint as
Co-Respondent.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17. — The
social struoture of this city will receive a
severe shaking up m the trial of an action
for divorce begun by Dr. Lewis R. Dawson
against his wife, Mamie C, Dawson. The
papers in the case have already been
served on the parties litigant and will
probably be filed in the Superior Court to
morrow.
Socially Dr. and Mrs. Dawson have for
many years been prominent, occupying a
most enviable position in the rank of
Seattle's "400. If Added to the shock con-
sequent upon the announcement that
steps are being tanen for a separation, Dr.
Dawson makea further sensational charges
of inndelity.naming twelve co-respondents,
among them Charles Esplin Jr., Frank
Carroll and A. C. Hess.
Those who were dragged into the case
are young men equal in rank and social
prominence to the doctor and his wife.
Some of them are members of families
representine the greatest wealth and aris
tocracy of the city. They were often enter
tained at social functions given by Dr. and
Mrs. Dawson.
Mrs. Dawson (nee Kauimann) was mar
ried to the doctor eight years ago. She
was young, beautiful and possessed many
charms and womanly graces. Meanwhile
she has lost but little in attractiveness.
In addition she possessed a fortune of
about $100,000, inherited from her father,
one of the pioneers of Seattle.
Save for two children— boys aged 4 and
5 years respectively — born of the nnion, a
peaceable separation would undoubtedly
have been arranged. But over the little
ones the parents will struggle, trying to
do their worst each to prove that the
other ia unfit fo"r the custody of their off
spring.
WORK OF A DAY
IN CONGRESS
Senator Pugh Concludes His
Speech for Free
Silver.
STEMBEL'S PAY RAISED.
The Retired Rear-Admiral to
Receive Three-Quarters of
the Regular Salary.
TO OPEN INDIAN RESERVATIONS
In the House a Revision of the Cus
toms Administrative Act Is
Considered.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— 1n
the Senate to-day Pugh of Alabama
brought to a close the speech which be b;
gan yesterday in favor of ihe free coinage
of silver.
A bill to pay Rear-Admiral Roger N.
Stern bel (retired) the highest pay and
emoluments of his grade was reported from
the Naval Affairs Committee and passed.
He is now retired on three-fourths pay.
The House bill concerning the distilling
of brandy from fruits was reported favor
ably from the Finance Committee and
placed on the calendar.
A joint resolution was introduced by
Cannon (R.) of Utah, directing the Secre
tary of the Interior to open to public en
try the Uncompahgre Indian reservation
in Utah, excepting agricultural lands here
tofore allotted or selected for allotment to
those Indians. Under objections to its
immediate consideration by Allen (Pop.)
of Nebraska, it went over.
SESSIOX OF THIS HOUSE.
Passage of the Hill Relating to the Cus~
fonts Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— The
House observed St. Patrick's day by de
voting its session entirely to the consid
eration of the bill reported last week from
the Committee on Ways and Means pro
viding for a revision of the customs ad
ministrative act of June 10, iB9O, by mak
ing changes to sections 1 to 15, inclusive,
and 19 of the law. The bill makes these
principal changes:
That invoices of merchandise shall be
made out in the currency of the country of
exportation instead of in the currency of
the country in which the goods were pur
chased; requiring the persons making
oaths to invoices in foreign countries to
do so before native officers authorized to
administer oaths, so aa to make them
liable to prosecution for perjury; abolish
ing the 10 per cent limit of tindervaluation
in invoices and making the additional
duties imposed for undervaluation run
with any increase of the appraisement;
permitting appeals from the lindings of
the general appraisers only on questions
of law, and providing that protests of im
porters against the appraisement of the
Collector shall be accompanied by a fee
of $2.
No substantial amendment was made to
the bill, and, after five hours' considera
tion in committee of the whole, it was re
ported to the House and passed without a
division.
At 5:10 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
WORK DOXE IX COMMITTEE.
Favorable Seport on Two Important Im
migration Bills.
WASHINGTON. D. C March 17.-The
House Committee on Immigration and
Naturalization to-day ordered favorably
reported two important immigration bills.
The first provides an educational test for
immigrants by adding to the classes of
aliens excluded from the United States
"all male persons between 1G and 60 years
of age who cannot both read and write the
English language or some other language."
The second bill provides for a consular in
spection of immigrants.
The House Judiciary Committee ordered
an adverse report on the bill to change to
the 4th of March succeeding the election
the time for the convening of Congress.
There was some discussion of the resolu
tion to place the name of the Deity in the
constitution, but no action was taken.
The Senate Committee on Finance or
dered a favorable report on the bi'.l pro
viding that hereafter all customs officers
and assistant treasurers appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate for
a term of four years shall hold their offices
until their successors shall be appointed
a nd shall qualify.
THIRTY Toys OF SEED.
: Ten. Million Package* Wanted by the
.. Agricultural. Department. -' ■/''*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 17.— The
Secretary of Agriculture, in accordance
with the . mandate of Congress, has pre
pared a circular letter to be sent immedi
ately to all known reputable growers and
dealers :in ; seed ; throughout the i United
NEW TO-DAT. 'I *
... ■- .---• ■- •-■■ -••- ■'.■-■ ■ t •■« ■ ■ .-.•.. »-•-.....-
-®®<SXS>®®®^ —@XS>^ —<^^
"A man convinced against hist will :".
, Is of the same opinion still." i ■
Do . . not be induced
against your better judg-
s) ment to buy any Bicycle »
|| except a ' ! /1>
I COLUMBIA I
OR
HARTFORD
POPE MAETOTURING CO.,
® !--. v 344 Post St., S. P., Cal. ij; ®'
$ , Instruction and Renting De.,;,®
{ m) partment— l97o Page st., near %\
[•) Park entrance. ■ •■■ \- . -I ■ ; : (S
States asking them to furnish, at reasonable
prices, to the United States Department of
Agriculture 10,000,000 packages of earden,
field and Hower seeds, beginning with as
paragus and ending with wheat. This
number of packages will give to each mem
ber and defecate in the House and to each
United States Senator 15,000 packages for
distribution amone his constituents, after
deducting one-third of the whole amount,
in accordance with law, for distribution
by the Secretary of Agriculture. It is esti
mated that the seed will weigh about 300
fons.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
will brine to your cheelc the pink oi
health, the roses of life. It cleanses the
blood.
- v ) t ; ■ :_--
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
V. takes away the surplus bile and leaves,
the liver in perfect order. It is a true livei
regulator.
JOY VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
acts on the bowels gently. There are
' no griping pains, no, nauseating feelings.
! Women who wish to ba regular should us*
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a bowel
regulator.
ATARRH FOLLOWS IN THE WAKB
V' oi a cold in the head. When you suffer
from Catarrh put your system in good
condition, and this you can do with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
I . can be used by old or younar. Take iti
moderately. Remember that moderatloni
in everything tends to longevity.
@®®®®@®®®®®®®
I Sunday • •CLOTHING' 1 |
I Sunday sp "" INI6 |
Kg? ™
; X A • Sold in this city every. 2?
M| 2" day for?lstos22. Will Qm
jJJ\ HSja>* be closed out . 2x
}& Jl> THIS WEEK ONLY
ftS V FOR $8.00. (@
£$\ i«.. ' They, are black, all- ..-''(SI
SSf ■ wcol goods and a bar- 'v
© "'£'■ ■ • gain at $12 50. but we «a
>^ ■,?*»• want to move 200 suits 2x
Zgt in six days of this style alone, (W
A| and this is the way to do it. jff\
58f " Freight prepaid U> near pointi—»ay 'C?
£f) 100 miles. .. . l f±
>2T ■ " V A Th c above represents <«!?
S9\ , - X the 16th special adver- >€\
A m tised for this week only ;: % l<^
S3t\ WLJw '" -"Smiths' Weekly," \^tfx
\& . '■■ MW wnich illustrates and B»l
£fa Mm r. ull v describes 16 Spec-.-^sx
\§t L j^ I^l • ' a ' s every ' week at less CM
£mi 3r K*m' 'han wholesale price to jSx
\W '9 " BBV boom trade, and to in- fZm
£m\ W « ■ • duce the good people ; of ]JgP
Pfl : . . ■■-■■'■' 8»P Francisco to ; per- (zA
5%. f 1 sonally call at the lar>;- %c
vP m \ est Western DEPAKT- gyk
.VS' J.^ MEXT STORE, • »fliy
w Smiths' Cash Store, ■. ©
g) 414, 416, 418 FRONT ST., S. F. (R
Don't forget— Removal' prices every j£\
Q^ department, Eloycle Premiums April \M
/*£. Ito largest buyer. Bicycle repairing 2x
I^SJ reasonably done. •'*-; . : . (Ss
g GRAND OPENING OF
[§• SPRING AND SUMMER fe
.
fit.. Stop paying extravagant prices !Si
JC>. for. your clothes!- You can get «<3«
; - Stylish, Perfect-fitting Garments made to
order by TOE POHEIM, the Tailor, at'
iO /J PER CENT LESS than
j£ J any other house on the
'■'■C'rrrrz raciiic Coast. ****
Business Suits, $13.50 to $25 ■?/ .
'* (made to order) ufi&t!±. ■
Clay Worsted, $17.50 to $40 SIM
French Pique, 20 to 45. IMb.ll
All-Wool Pants, 4 to 6^E| W*A
Dress Pants, 6to JO pSKSf '
stylish Overcoats, J5 to 35 raSHf
■My Suits from $17^0 to $35 || |j«f
cannot be beat in the world for I WUI =
stylish cut, best* of workman- l|i|iu
ship, trimmings, and quality. fpEil
[ Joe Poheim jj|[
"The "Tailor
bas no competitor in fine tailoring at moder-
ate prices. < Perfect fit guaranteed, or no sale. :
"j* 20J 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
- 724 Market Street. /-
JJJO& IJJ2 Market Street,
_ San Francisco, CaL ;
ffl 11^/* FOX BARBER 9, BAK-
RRIIQIIEiQe»< bootblacks, bat*
PllUOnCOboaKi, billiard -tables,
; brtwen, bookbinders, candyjnakers, r c»nn«r* :
dyerm. floormUls, foundries, laundries, ; p»p«-
fc»n»eni, prtntwnir painters, shoe factoxie* K*J^ .
bus. tar-aoottn. unnen. t* ilo
Pnxihi^^ft"^rer^e9^oj^<nrtig»»
SraihMan uf net y r Vi u GO 9 3»c r »»tßt tSikMOTHER AND SON
ON THE GALLOWS
Cherokee Bill Dies Just as
He Had Lived, Game
to the Core.
DEATH MET WITH SMILES
Neither the Notorious Outlaw Nor
His PareDt Flinched or
Shed a Tear.
WAS A DESPERADO FROM YOUTH
Murder Merely an Incident in the
Career of the Daring Craw
ford Goldsby.
FORT SMITH, Ark., March 17.—Chero
kee Bill was haneed here at 2:13 o'clock
this afternoon. The drop fell at 2:13, and
he was dead in ten minutes. He never
moved a muscle, and smiled when the cap
was adjusted.
Cherokee Bill died as he lived — game to
the core. He walked unflinchingly from
the jail to the gallows, and met death with
a smile on nis lace. His mother was
brought out of his cell at 1 :53 o'clock, and
Bill said then that he was ready to go at
any time. Promptly at 2 o'clock ne was
brought out of his cell, and at the jail door
was joined by his mother and aunt. He
walked between them unsupported to the
g.llows. On the gallows, in reply to the
question if he had anything to say, he
answered: "No; I came here to die, not to
talk."
Turning he 1 kis6ed his mother goodby
and with a smile on his face walked to his
place on the trap. Father Pius said a
grayer while the doomed man was being
rinioned. Bill recognized friends inside
the inclosure and calling them by name
bade them goodby. To Ed Reed, Bill
Starr's >on, he called out: "Goodby, Ed;
good luck to you old boy. Take care of
Dt.llie."
He caught sight of a kodak in the crowd
and asked that no pictures be taken of
him.
He was smiling when the cap was drawn
over his head. The noose was adjusted
and at 2:13 Turnkey Eoff sprung the lever
and threw the trap. Bill's wonderful
nerve was inherited from his mother, who
stood by him on the gallows without flinch,
ing or shedding a tear. She took the body
to Fort Gibson at 3 o'clock.
Crawford Goldsby was the euphonious
name conferred upon Cherokee Bill when
he wa? born at Fort Gibson, I. T., Febru
ary 8, 1S7»). He was one of the few rob
bers who infested the Indian Territory
during tin reign of terror of 1894 and he
belonged to the Cook gang.
He worked with Bill Cook on the
ranches in the Creek Nation, near Tulsa.
Cherokee Bill became an outlaw at the
age of 14. He shot a man with whom he |
bad quarreled and irom that time until j
hib arrest he was on the scout, suspicious
of every one except his mother and sister,
and counting no friend so dear as his
trusty Wincnester riflie.
Bill's last robbery was the one which
cost him his life. On November 9 he and
Verdigris Kid were robbing Lenapah,
when Ernest Melton 'loosed out of his
window to see what was going on. Bill
saw him and sent a bullet through his
brain. For this he was convicted on Feb
ruary 27, 1895, and on April 15 was sen
tenced to be hanged on June 25.
One of the many murders charged to
Bill was that of Agent Richards of No
wata. Bill strenuously denied this charge.
M CERTAINLY
EXISTS IN CUBA,
I Continued from first Page.]
the general will explain his action satis
factorily as soon as he lands, and it is
believed that he has left a document with
one of his trusted friends, which will be
given out for publication as soon as he
arrives at the pearl of the Antilles.
General Garcia's wife told a reporter
that her husband would come back to the
United States and deliver himself to the
authorities.
A CASE OF RULE OR BUIJi.
STany Cuban Tou>ns Destroyed During
the War* Frogress.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 14 (via Tampa,
Fla., March 17).— Some idea of the devasta
tion already wrought fay the war in Cuba
may be gathered from the following list of
towns which have been destroyed in the
four western provinces: Benjucal, Jaruco,
Wajay, Helena, Del Sur, Bainoa, Le Cata
iina, San Nicholas, Nueva Paz, in Havana
Province; Cabanas, Caijabos, Palacios.
Paso Real, Sun Diego de los Banos, Vi
nales, San Juan Martinez, Montezuclo, Los
Arroyos, Cuane, Bahia Honda, San Diego.
Nunez, Quiebra, Hach, in Pinar del
Macagiia, San Jose, Los Ramos, Rogue,
Torriente, in Matanzas, and Amaro, Sala
manca, Maca, Flora, Mai Tiempo, San
Juan los Yeras, Ranchuelo, in Santa Clara.
Besides these over twenty-five towns
Lave' been half burned. Most of these
towns have been burned by the insurgents
lor resisting attacks or because they were
being used as: depots of supplies for Gov
ernment troops. In some cases, like that
of Cabanas, the troops demolished the
town to prevent the insurgents from occu
j.ying it. Very little "of the destruction
has been done wantonly by either side.
When the insurgents, led by Maceo, en
tered Pinar del Rio every, town in the
province, except the capital city, welcomed
him w.th open arms and no property was
injured. Later the Government troops
entered the province, and, moving in
Btroug columns, dislodged the insnrgents
from town after' town, establish ing their
own garrisons there. Thereupon the in
habitants burned their own towns and
*n early the entire province is nov7 in ashes.
anlsb> troops occupy the < city of Pinar,
del Rio, the towns of Candelaria, Arte
misia and the port of Colima. All the
rest of the province is in the hands of the
en«mv.
General Weyier's decree in ordering the
confiscation of property in . Havana and
Pinar dd Bio provinces of all who fail to
report allegiance to Spain has = produced
great indignation. His decree against
planters and others who contribute funds
or aid to the insurgents in anyway applies
to the case of American owners of estates
who have paid money to the insurgents
for the protection of their property.
sjEyrnycß of filibusters.
Officers of the Horsa to Be Wined and
Imprisoned.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 17. —
Judge Butler, in the United States Circuit
Court this morning, overruled the motion
for a new trial in the case of the officials of
the steamer Horsa, convicted of being en
gaged in a military expedition for carry
ing men and arras to Cuba, and passed
sentence upon the prisoners. Captain
Weborg was sentenced to a fine of $300
and imprisonment of a year and four
months. Mates Peterson and Johnansen
were fined $100 and sentenced to imprison-
ment to eight months each.
Subsequently the sentence, of the two
mates was changed to one year each, so as
to enable them to go to the Eastern Peni
tentiary instead of to the County Prison.
This makes their offenses what the law
terms as infamous and gives them a better
status before the Supreme Court.
The case of all three of the defendants is
to be taken to the Supreme Court upon a
writ of error and a special allocoitur asked
for to enable the defendants to be liber
ated upon bail pending the argument be
fore the Supreme Court.
BANNOCKS TO SEEK REVENGE.
Settlers in the Jackson Hole Country Re
ceive Warning of a Raid by
Redskins.
EVANSTON, Wyo., March 17.— The set
tlers in the upper portion of Uintah
County, embracing the Jackson Hole
district, are very apprehensive of trouble
with the Bannock Indians from the Fort
Hall reservation. A number of them re
ceived letters from people in the vicinity
of the reservation to the effect that there
is an organized plan by the Bannocks
to raid the Jackson Hole section in the
spring, in order to be avenged for the ar
rest and killing of Indians in that section
last summer by the settlers. The settlers
are removing their families to a place of
■safety.
PANAMA CANAL COMPANY
Counsel Cromwell Explains That
There Has Been No
Consolidation.
The New Organization Is Not Backed
by France and All Nations
May Co-Operate.
IN EW YORK, N. V., March 17.— William
Nelson Cromwell, the American counsel
for the new Panama Canal Company of
Paris, referring to recent statements, to the
effect that a consolidation of the Panama
and Niearaguan companies had been
agreed upon or was under negotiation,
made the following statement:
"I confirm the fact that I have just filed
with Secretary of State Olney a formal
declaration in behalf the new Panama
Canal Company, that there does not exist
nor is there in contemplation any agree
ment, arrangement or plan for the
consolidation or acquisition of the
Panama Company with or by ibe
Nicaragua Company, under any form of
ownership or control ; and that there has
not been any negotiation to that end.
Without commenting in any way upon the
Nicaragua project my client unequivocally
denies that there is any foundation in fact
or in design for the rumors referred to.
"As the Government of the United
States has chartered the Maritime Canal
Com pany of Nicaragua, and has given it
governmental countenance, it becomes our
duty to advise this Government of these
facts, that there might be no possible mis
apprehension by the Government and the
people of the true position of the new Pan
ama Company. In view of these allusions
to the new Panama Canal Company, a few
facts concerning it may pc of interest.
"It was popularly supposed that the
new Panama Canal Company of Paris is a
governmental organization. This is an
error. It is a private corporation, organ
ized about two years ago under the gen
eral laws of the republic of France, just
as any business corporation may be organ
ized under the general laws of any State of
our Union. Its directory is composed of
the representatives of the strongest finan
cial institutions of France prosecuting the
enterprise purely as a business under
taking.
"It is also a popular error to treat the
new Panama Company solely as a French
enterprise. Being purely a private under
taking and having no political character
the people of the United States will be
afforded fair opportunity for equal parti
sanship. It is decided that .the canal shall
be neutralized, as was done in the case of
the Suez. That is, the nations concerned
in its operation may # by common agree
ment, make this as a neutral waterway for
the commerce of the world. Thus the
United States can secure the gieat advan
tages of the canal without financial obli
gations or serious political responsi
bilities. 1 '
THEIR JVJSH' UXIFORM.
How God's American Volunteers Are to
lie Attired.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 17.— The
first weekday meeting of God's American
Volunteers was held last night in the
Union Tabernacle. Major Glenn presided.
There was a sprinkling of Salvation Army
uniforms in ihe audience, and when at the
close of the meeting Major Glenn requested
all the soldiers present to remain as he
had some instructions to give, fully two
thirds of the whole number gathered below
the platform.
It has now been definitely settled, Major
Glenn said, that the uniform of the women
volunteers shall be of a dark russet tint, a
shade warmer than seal brown, but equally
serviceable and becoming. The point has
become quite a burning question, and for
the first time since t!iey put away worldly
garments the fair Salvationists who have
seceded are exercised about spring head
gear. It is probable that the choice will
be made of a form resembling that in the
old-fashion plates called the "cottage
shape."
It will be done in brown straw, with
silken trimmings to match, and cannot
faii to be exceedingly becoming to Mrs.
Booth, whose delicate complexion and
cbestnat hair it jrill suit admirably, while
some of the blonde lassies will also look
charming in it. The uniform of the men
will be darkest blue. The officers are to
wear cavalry hats and the soldiers peaked
caps.
Uhl Sails for Germany.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 17.-Hon.
Edwin F. Uhl. recently appointed to tne
place of the late Theodore Runyon, United
States Embassador to Germany, sailed
this morning on the Lloyd steamer Saale.
The new Embassador was accompanied by
his famiiy. He received many handsome
floral tributes from those who went to
Hobokeu lo see him off.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
POLITICS IN A
GREAT NATION
Republicans Are Actively
Engaged in Choosing
Delegates.
M'KINLEY MEN IN LINE.
Preparing to Hold a Love Feast
at the Wisconsin State
Convention.
PLATT AT WORK IN GOTHAM.
At a Dallas Mass-Meeting of the
"Black and Tan" Wing Several
Men Arft Stabbed.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., March 17.— 50 far
as Presidential preferences are concerned,
the Republican State Convention to-mor
row will be in the nature of a love feast.
Two-thirds of the 700 delegates and a regi
ment of political workers from the respec
tive Congressional districts are on the
ground to-night and with one accord ihey
are singing the praises of Ohio's candidate
for the first place on the National ticket.
No second choice is talked of, the senti
ment being that Wisconsin's delegation
should stick solidly to McKinley until he
is nominated or his race is proved hope
less, in which latter event the delegates
should be at liberty to follow their indi
vidual inclinations. While all are agreed
on the main point, however, it is evident
that the contest for the four delegates at
large will be a warm one.
The fight is Detween the old element or
State machine, of which the venerable ex-
Senator Philetus Sawyer is the principal
representative on the ground, and the
younger element, which has had its bat
teries trained on the machine for several
years. But six delegates are regarded as
in the race. These are ex-Senator Sawyer
of Oshkosh, ex-Governor Hoard of Fort
Atkinson. State Senator Stout of Meno
minee, Edward Scofield of Oconto, and
Eugene S. Elliott and ex-State Chairman
Henry C. Paine, both of this city.
The convention will be called to order at
noon in the Academy of Music with
Colonel J. J. Esch of Lacrosse as tempo
rary chairman. The platform will con
tain ringing sound money and protection
planks. Besides the delegates at large
twelve Presidential Electors will be nom
inated.
. ♦
TARIOUS COUXTY COSTEyTIOXS.
Many of the Delegates Are Instructed
for MeKinley.
BLOOMINGTON, 1i.r... March 17.— At
the McLean County Republican Conven
tion to-day McKinley instructions were
voted.
YORK, Pa., March 17.— The York County
Republican Convention to-day elected dele
pates to the National/ (Convention. Reso
lutions were adopted indorsing William
MeKinley. . v
MEXICO, Mo., March 17.— The Re
publican County Convention to-day in
dorsed McKiniey for President.
PLATT CITY, Mo., March 17.— The Re
publican Convention of Platt County
indorsed McKiniey for President. Follow
ing is one of the resolutions adopted :
"We note with pleasure the conversion
of such men as President Cleveland, John
G. Carlisle, Hoke Smith, ex-Governor
Francis and others to the time-honored
principles so long advocated by John Sher
man."
WATERTOWN, Wis., March 17.—
afternoon R. M. La Follette of Madison
was unanimously elected one of the dele
gates from the Second Congressional dis
trict to the Republican National Conven
tion. They were instructed to vote for
McKiniey.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 19.—Com
missioner Wright and General Collis
claimed to-day that they beat the Platt
forces in the Sixteenth Congressionardis
trict, obtaining 356 delegates to 235 for the
latter. They assert that these figures are
official, and if so they will, of course, be
chosen delegates to the St. Louis conven
tion.
♦ - -
MORTOS'S MEM HOPBiUL.
; Senator Flatt Thinks His Candidate Has
HI any Delegates.
NEW YOKK, N. V., March 17.— At Re
! publican headauarters thi3 evenine the
members of the Republican County Com
mittee claimed that everything was com
' ing in tlie Morton-Platt direction. In
support of their contention that no one
could steal the New York delegation to St.
j Louis from Morton, they showed some
I figures which they said represented the
j result of Monday evening's primary
election. These figures gave tne result in
several districts and showed a total of 191
Piatt delegates out of 303.
■• ■
MAJfDERSOA' AXD McKIXLEY.
i Representatives of the Two Candidates
Agree Upon a Flan.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 17.— The repre
sentatives of the Mandcrsonand McKinley
forces met this morning and remained in
j session for several hours, and got so far
| along in their deliberations toward an
| amicable settlement that they prepared
propositions and telegraphed them to Sen
ator Thurston and General Manderson,
both of whom are now in Washington,
with instructions for them to consult, and
that what they agreed upon would be sat
isfactory to their foUowers in this city.
Manderson's friends insist that his name
I shall go Deforethe convention at St. Louis,
and that the stats delegations vote for
him on the informal ballot.
knives jjv a. cosrEyxioy.
Several JUen Stabbed tit the Dallas County
Unity.
DALLAS, Tex., : March 17. — Dallas
County Republicans, known as the '.'black-,
and-tan" ' wing, held a mass : convention
to-day and split, sending ; Reed and Me-
Kinley contesting delegations to the State
convention :at ■ Austin, which is to send
delegates-at-large to St. Louis. A riot
which lasted fully fifteen. minutes was
BUDpressed by a squad of police '; after bev
eral Dersons= had been stabbed. There
were fully 800 persons, mostly negroes, in
the hall at the time." , .
Some Favor MetCinley.
BUFFALO, N. V., March 17.— The Re
publican Assembly district conventions for
Erie County to elect delegates to the State
convention were held yesterday. There
was no opposition to the organization slate
and no attempt was made to instruct the
delegates from any of the districts except
the Eighth, which passed a resolution in
dorsing McKinley. As nearly as can be
judged part of the delegates from the Sec
ond district and -those from the Fourth,
Sixth and Eighth are in favor of the Ohio
man.
INVENTION OF A SEATTLE MAN.
Country Travel to Be Revolutionized by the
Introduction of Steel Wagon-
Roads.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.— Colonel
J. D. Mclntire, an irrigation and civil
engineer if this city, believes he has solved
the good roads question. He predicts that
he has an invention which will revolution
ize country travel. According to the in
ventor, who refers to the product of his
genius as the "steel wagon-road," it was
obtained from his observing that drivers
of every kind of vehicle seek streetcar
tracks in preference to the best gravel or
paved streets. The track on which Mcln
tyre proposes to have wagon wheels run 13
a steel rail of the thickness of boiler plate
and five inches wide, constructed in the
shape of a gutter, with a square, perpen
dicular shoulder one-half inch high, then
an angle of one inch outward, slightly
raised. This furnishes a condit to carry
off rain water and makes an easy course
for wheels to run in. By this plan the
wear on tires is reduced to a minimum
and loaded wagons can easily go on or
leave th«> track. It is estimated that a
horse will draw on one of these road
(which will not cost more than $1500 per
mile, as against $6000 for macadamized
thorougiifares) twenty times as much as
on a dirt road. One of the most interest
ing features in connection with the inven
tion is that bicycles as well as wagons can
be used on the road.
WOODLAXD EXTRADITIOy.
Outlaw Charles Chambers to Be Taken
Back to Boise City.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 17.— J. P.
Campbell, Warden of the State peniten
tiary at Boise City, Idaho, arrived in this
city to-day to take in charge Charles
Chambers, the escaped convict and stage
robber.
The habeas corpus proceedings instituted
by Chambers' attorney failed to convince
the court of the prisoner's innocence. The
Idaho official took the stand and posi
tively identified the defendant as Charles
Chambers. He remembered the features of
Chambers, especially his forehead, eyes
and nose. __^__________
COMOX TARGET PRACTICE
Petty Officer Rowd of H. M. S.
Royal Arthur Breaks
All Records.
Small Bullseye Hit Eleven Times
Within Two Minutes With a
Rapid-Firing Gun.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 17.— At the
recent tiring practice of H. M. S. Royal
Arthur at Comox a wonderful score was
made with a quick-firing gun by first
class Petty Officer Rowd. A canvas tar
get about twelve feet in diameter with a
five-foot bullseye was fixed on shore and
buoys were placed to mark the range,
wnich was some IGOO yards.
Time limit of two minutes was allowed.
The object was to see how many shots
could be effectively fired at the target in
that time, the ship moving at twelve knots
an hour.
Rowd is captain of the 6-inch quick
firing gun on the forecastle starboard bow,
and in the two minutes allowed he fired
thirteen shots, eleven of them striking the
target, and a fourteenth shot being in the
gun before time was called. The gun
squad assisting him did splendid work, for
as each shot weighs 100 pounds it meant
the raising of 1400 pounds and the firing of
thirteen shots in the short time of two
minutes. It is understood that this beats
not only the royal navy record, but the
world's record with n G-inch gun. The
skillful marksman and his squad received
a substantial prize in money irom the Ad
miralty for the achievement.
The gun itself is a fine one. for the petty
officer, who has since gone to England and
been raised to a warrant officer, made a
record with it last year.
/ETNA MILLS' BIG BLAZE.
Fifteen Thousand Dollars Wilt Cover the
Loss in the Little Town — Heroic
Work of Women.
YREKA, Cal., March 17.— The fire
which swept over iEtna Mills yesterday
destroyed about $ir>,ooo worth of property.
The losses are aa follows: Mains restau
rant, loss $5000, insurance $1700; Schmidt's
hotel, $6000, insurance $U>00; Martin
Marx's law office, $250; Frank Bradley 's
barber-shop, $250; J. P. Bryan's buildine,
occupied by postoffice, $600; L. A. Mox
ley's confectionery-store, $200; David
Jones' residence, occupied by Moxley
family, $500. None of the above carried
insurance excepting Schmidt and Main.
J. A. Diggles' drugstore was damaged to
the extent of $200. but fully covered by in
surance.
There were no accidents during the fire,
although there were several narrow es
capes. " Everybody, including the women
and children, turned out and formed
bucket brigades. By their heroic woru
they saved their little town froru total de
struction. The fire originated in the Main
restaurant, presumably from a defective
flue.
Fire Xear San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17.— The fine
residence of Captain J. McAllister on Ba
con avenue, three miles west of this city,
was destroyed by fire about 11 o'clock this
morning. The lO3S is about $10,000; in
surance unknown. No one but the serv
ants was at home at the time of the fire.
TALLEJO'S ELECTION.
Republican* M'rrgt the City Government
from the Dnnocrittt.
VALLEJO, Cal., March 17.— The mu
nicipal election yesterday resulted in the
city government, which lor years past has
been conducted by Democrats, being
turned over to Republicans. The School
Board, which has had a Republican ma
jority, is now controlled by the Democrats
by a majority of one. Following are the
peat'emen who are to govern affairs in
this city for the next two years:
City Trustees— J. A. Mclnnis (R.), J. A.
Browne (R.), J. B. Corcoran (D.), M. R.
Aden (R.), G. A. Berawall <R.), James
McCudden (D.) and J. Deninger (D.); City
Marshal, George Savage (R.); City As
sessor, T. W. Charhberlin (R.). City Treas
urer, J. R. English (R.); Library Trustees,
— W. Dudley Jr. (R.). F. 8. Houseman
(R.), S. C. Rule (R.). F. A. Shortridge (R.)
and H. C. Wilson (R.); School Superin
tendent, C. A. Fulton (D.); School Di
rectors— O. S. Cooper (D.), Thomas F.
Dempsey (D.), W. G. Saunders (R.)and
James Topley (R.)
The reorganization of the city charter
was defeated by a vote of two to one.
Will Represent Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 17.— L. J.
Dake of this city was to-day appointed to
the position of Republican Congressional
committeeman for Sauta Cruz County by
James McNeil, member cf the State Cen
tral Committee.
WILL BE HANGED
AT SAN QUENTIN
Order for the Execution of
"Kid" Thompson Is
Signed.
AVOIDS FURTHER DELAY
Judge Smith of Los Angeles Fixes
May 22 as the Date of
His Death.
MAINTAINS HIS INDIFFERENCE
_______
The Train-Robber Unperturbed When
His Doom Is Pronounced— Starts
for the Prison.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., March 17.— "Kid"
Thompson, the Roscoe train-robber, is at
last on "his way to San Quentin to be
banged for his crime. A remittitur from
the Supreme Court denying the appeal
from the judgment of the lower court was
received a few days ago, and tbe prisoner,
after eighteen months' confinement in the
County Jail, was taken before Judge
Smith to-day to hear the final order for
carrying out the judgment of the court
that he should.be hanged. The Judco set
May 22 as the dat« of the execution and
directed the Sheriff to deliver the culprit
to the Warden at San Quentin prison
within the next ten days, with instruc
tions to carry out the sentence.
Thompson's attorneys attempted to se
cure a further stay of execution pending a
hearing of the second appeal to the Su
preme Court, which is set for April 22.
This is an appeal from an order denying
a new trial, but the court refused to take
cognizance of it, as judgment had already
been affirmed. The date of the execution
was, however, act later than the hearing of
the apDeal, so that Thompson will not be
hanged before the Supreme Court has fully
passed upon his rights.
Sheriff Burr started north with the con
demned man this afternoon. Thompson
appears indifferent as to his fate. His
nerve never deserted him. The novelty of
being hanged seems to please him, al
though he still denies his guilt.
"My lawyers try to give me hope," he
said, "but I guess the jig's up with me.
I'll show them that I have sand. They
can break my neck, but they can't break
my heart."
STOCKTON ASYLUM SHORTAGE.
Legal Action Against the Bondsmen of Major
Orr WiU Be Prosecuted Vigorously
by the State.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 17.— Attorney-
General Fitzgerald has written to Presi
dent Southworth of the board of directors
of the State Asylum in reference to the
shortage of Major Orr while treasurer of
the asylum board. Mr. Southworth had
written a letter to the Attorney-General
urging him to take some action in the
matter, notwithstanding the fact that he
had been informed by Attorney Louttit,
representing the asylum board, and by
Governor Budd and Mr. Steffans, Mr.
Fitzgerald stated in his letter that he had
not acted because he had no official cogni
zance of the fact that there was a shortage
of over $10,000.
In his communication to Mr. South
worth the Attorney-General said that the
action would have to be commenced by
the Controller of the State, acting under
the direction of Governor Budd, and ad
vised the board to send a formal report of
the shortage to the Governor, in order that
tne latter micht direct tlie Controller to
institute proceedings against the bonds
men of Major Orr. Attorney Louttit will
be selected to prosecute the case for the
directors, representing the Attorney-Gen
eral in the proceedings.
Governor Budd, Attorney Louttit and
President Southworth had'a consultation
this afternoon relative to the communica
tion from Attorney-General Fitzgerald.
The matter of endeavoring to compel the
bondsmen of the former asylum treasurer
to make good the deficit; will now be
pushed, and they will either have to pay
the deficit or stand suit.
JSAMTA If Alt IS All A. ARKI'ST.
Alleged. Persecution of a Los Angeles
Mnti'a Girl- Wife.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 17.— A
newspaper reporter named Spencer was to
night arrested for disturbing the peace and
at a late hour was looking for bondsmen
with af air prospect of spending the night
in the city jail. A sad story is back of this
arrest. . .
Three years ago Spencer married a pretty
Santa Barbara girl named Mary Tucker,
the daughter of respected residents. Now
he is accused of having neglected his wife
and abused her and their baby. A few
weeks ago, when the young wife was ill,
her parents went to Los Angeles and
brought her and the child back to their
comfortable home. Spencer immediately
followed them and has subjected them to
series of petty persecutions and annoy
ances, including a card inserted in a local
paner warning people not to trust his wife
on his account. ,
To-day Spencer forced an entrance to the
house and undertook to gain forcible pos
session of his child, threatening his wife's
mother and sisters who came to her pro
tection. He was immediately placed under
arrest.
RELEASED AT JtAyNING.
The Slayer* of Miners Conover and Roof
Are Freed.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., March 17.— The pre
liminary examination of J. J. and T. R.
Nicholson on the charge of murdering
Miners Conover and Roof at the Lost
Horse mine was held before Justice Mor
ris at Banning last evening. The only evi
dence that could be adduced in the case
was the testimony of the Nicholsons, as
there were no witnesses to the tragedy.
Their story of self-defense seemed clear,
and the Justice decided that there were
not sufficient grounds for holding them for
trial in the Superior Court, and accord
ingly dismissed the case.
District Attorney Gill returned from
Banning this morning. He states that he
is satisfied that a trial would have resulted
in acquittal, and that it would therefore
have been unwise to put the county to the
needless expense.
TV BLOCK ESTATE MUDDLE.
Portion* of the. Zate John W. Mitchell' a
Will Are Invalid.
MODESTO, Cal., March 17.— 1t has just
been found by the attorneys for the estate
of the deceased millionaire, John W.
Mitchell, who died at Turlock in 1894,
leaving property valued at $1,600,000, that
NEW TO-DAT.
*ivQ^^ wool Cassimeres from our own Woolen j/^fw^^^ '
\ \TW Mills (largest in the West), Oregon City, (flß^^^^^
Ol"^I* Or. The clothing manufactured in our jhr&^rOvTw'y
i^ -y\ own shops, by first-class tailors, is sold b-y /^SJoS'C&^f
l/^"(l us to retail dealers in J3 States and Terri- (C>ff%£X£Ctt
San Francisco and vicinity we \vsV\\/^SS
jW@) sell direct to the consumer at the v^Slj^Kj^
u\ K§? wholesale price, saving him one-half. $$Bffi&3sfiL
[fflkM «^These latest style sack suits cannot be \Xy&S^ii/^
QW/rfi sold at retail for less than $J 8. Our whole- t&?*&X^f?\
/^VtST sale price for a single suit or a hundred /^f^&*)^^l\ '<
wM BROWN BROS. & co. Jlp||i
My/fa Wholesale Manufacturers. Proprietors Oregon City I \^^V
part of the will is null and void, leaving I
the estate in a peculiar condition. The I
bequests for maintaining public libraries j
at Modesto and Merced and public nails at
Torlock and Atwater are found to be ■
illegal. The law says charitable bequests
in wills made less than thirty days betore !
the death of the testator are illegal.
Mitchell died two days after making the I
will.
MOURNED AT SAN JOSE
John H. McGovern Passes Away
'■-. After a Long Period
of Illness.
Prominent as a Native Son and a
Junior Member of the Cali
fornia Pioneers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March -John H.
McGovern, only son of the late Phil
McGovern of San. Francisco, died in
this . city . to-day, after a lingering
illness*: He was only 28 ears 1- of
age, but he was well known throughout
the State and was esteemed by all who
came into personal contact with him. He
was a member of the Native Sons of the
Golden West and also a junior member of
the Pioneers, his father having been one
of the leading lights of that organization.
The deceased leaves three sisters, Mrs.
S. J. Ruddell, Mrs. Annie Martin and
Mrs. J.W. Duffy. The body will be sent
to San Francisco for interment m the
family plat. The cere,mony will be under
the auspices of the Native Sons \ and
Pioneers.
John H. McGovern was liked not only
for his father's sake, but also for his own.
In spite of the disease that was carrying
him away he was always cheerful and no
one ever heard him complain. He will be
mi-ssed by a large circle of friends.
— • "■■■'""- *
BAD HIS MOTH Eli' S COJTSEITT.
Detectives Who Enticed a Minor to Buy
Liquor Are Released.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17. — Wil
liam Morss and H. P. Hawkins, the
private detectives who were arrested some
time ago on a charge of enticing Paddy
Olnistead, a minor, into saloons to pur
chase liquor in order to secure evidence to
convict saloon-keepers of selling to minors,
were tried before Justice Dwyer yesterday.
The trial lasted till midnight, when, after
an hour's deliberation, the jury returned a
verdict of not guilty.
The case has attracted a great deal of
attention among liquor-dealers. Mrs. Olm
stead testified tliat it was with her consent
that her son Paddy aided Detectives Morss
and Hawkins.
POJPULIST CANDIDATES.
Nominees Indorsed by the San Jose Cen-
tral Committee*
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17.— The Popu
list City Central Committee has indorsed
the following ticket for the city election,
to be held April 13: Treasurer, J. H.
Leonard; Street Commissioner, F. C. Mc-
Kicrnan; Chief of Police, E. R. Bailey;
First Ward, no indorsement for Council
man, Mrs. L. A. Pascoe for School Trus
tee; Second Ward, Homer Prindle for
Councilman. Mrs. C. M. Ayres for School
Trustee; Third Ward, George B, Dittus
for Councilman. Mrs. S. J. Churchiil for
School Trustee; Fourth Ward, Julius
Krieg for Councilman, Mrs. Ella Gaffney
for School Trustee. Mo indorsement was
made for Mayor.
LEWIS W. STAKK DEAD.
He Drove a Stage in the Pioneer Days of
California.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17.-Lewis W.
Stark, a pioneer resident of this valley,
died at his home in College Park this
morning. He was a native of New York
and 66 years of age. He crossed the plains
by ox team to this State in 1858.
The deceased was a pioneer stage-driver
of this State, and for years drove a stage
between Visalia and Gilroy Hot Springs,
via Pacheco Pass, xintil rail competition
forced him from business. He is survived
by a widow and seven children.
Spiritual Z'nion Incorporated.
SAN JOSE, Cal, March 17.— The First
Spiritual Union of San Jose to-day filed
amended articles of incorporation with the
County Clerk. H. A. Crawford is presi
dent and W. D. J. Hambly secretary. The
object of the union is to inculcate morai
and religious culture, to investigate spirit
ualism through its phenomena and phil
osophy and to obtain the general benefits
arising from mutual association. The or
ganization is also empowered to acquire
property and to erect such buildings as are
necessary for the accommodation of the
society. "The organization 18 to exist for
fifty years.
Jin rg in r* Loot a Lodging- House.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17.— Burglars
went through the Union Lodging-house at
the corner of El Dorado and First streets
early this morning and carried away about
$100 worth of wearing apparel. They
entered Ed Sanor's room and stole a coat
and vest and a pair of shoes. In Frank
Smith's room they secured a gold-rilled
watch, a j:old and silver chain and a coat
and vest, and from A. Gowdier they took a
coat and vest, two pairs of shoes and $2 GO.
There is no clew to the thieves.
Tried to Commit Suicide.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 17.— William
Sears, a vaerant who has been a frequent
lodger at the City Prison, attempted sui
i cide last night by taking morohine. Sears
told Constable Smithey of his taking poi
son and City Physician Harris was sum
moned and after a half-hour's vigorous
treatment the would-be suicide was pro
nounced out of danger.
Ratify tht> 4'rnnchise Sale.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Marcn 17.— The Board
of Supervisors to-day ratified the sale of
the franchise for an electric railway be
tween this city and Saratoga to L. M. Hale
for $150. Nash"<£ Mcßeynolds were awarded
the contract of constructing a-portion of
the Gilroy Hot Springs road for $819.
A. Poisoner at Eugene.
EUGENE, Or., March 17.— An attempt
was made yesterday to poison the family
of Mrs. Hiram Smith on a farm near Har
| risburg by placing strychnine in their food.
i It is claimed Mrs. Smith's life was at-
I tempted once before, Dut, as in this instance,
j the poison was detected before any damage
I was done.
.■■■•:
JOY'S A JEW ROAD TO
JOY'S rROF! L? HAROf6!
NEW COMBINATIONS
JOY'S Combination
For Twenty-Fire Cents. ;...
Cuticura Soap 159
I/^yjQ Vaseline, large size.. ...' 10c
JU I O Sponge, 15c size , . 15c,
• ' ■"-' ■' "40c
Discount for combination... : 15c
JOY'S S
McKenzie's SKin Soap. 25c
Piso Consumption Cure 20c
_ fmy. .j. One pound ot Epsom Salts... : -\ 10c
JOY b j£
Discount for combination. . . • 30c
• , 250
JOY'S — ==
Combination ■
For Fifty Cents.
I/^VV'Q Castoria .. ......... ...../...JfO 25
JVJ I O Pint bottle of Canada .Malt
Whisky 50
Tooth Brash..... ............. 25
I^N«/irv 1 $100
J \J o -Discount for combination 50
80c
l/\\/ir% Syrup of Fig 5.............. ... 35c
JOY S Bottle Bay Kum..:...,,.. 25c
** * ; ** .New Shaving Brush 25c
-' ' ' • . . 850
Discount for combination... 350
JOY'S __
Combination
JOY'S For Dollar.
Cnticnra Resolvent SO 75
Joy's Tooth P0wder.:.......; 50
. - Ayer'a Pi 115..... .....;.. 15
JOY ' * ' «i4o
Discount for combination . 40 '
♦Too
JvJY O Pinkham's Compound $ 85
•- Yost-mite P0wder:."..'........ 50
AUcock's Plaster • 10
SI 25
I Y'S " Discount for combination. . . -25'
$100
I nV ' Combination for Two
JVJJ ° -Dollars and a), Half-Dollar.
Joy's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil $0 65
' Pinaud's Hair Restorer.:.".'.. 75
I/"|"yO Buttermilk Soap, a boxes...: 50
Jv I O . Enclish Cough Mixture 50 .
. CanadaJ1a1t.. ■.:.;:..;...".;... .100
: . •-.. ' 93 40
inV'C Discount for combination... 90
•_" ■ . ' *2 50
irw>o Combination
JOY S For Five Dollars.
i Dr. McKenzte'3 erve Treat-
/ ment ..-.:.. ;..... .$5OO
I/-W/JO No-'Io-8ac....... ..." 65
'J II V - J l^ *' Joy's sarsaparilla ..:...; . . ;.. . -85
•#w.-»..-w syrup of Figs/.:.........;;.;.. 35
Pond's Extract .; 35
-. Castoria.. .:.... ".v.7.'.v.'.:.....'. -25
jf\\ji^ Pierces Extract, $3 size 300
JOY b $1015
Discount for combination.. 500
JOY'S — |SJa|
"WHAT YOU GET AT
JOY'S /S GOOD."
JOY'S jdY'S
JOY S
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY,
Under Baldwin Hotel, ..
Powell and Market Sts.
JOY S SEND V.OUR MAIL ORDERS.
34
IN THE ALASKA
GOLD DIGGINGS
Big Wages Are Paid, but
the Working Season
Is Short.
WARTIME PRICES RULE.
Bacon Costs 40 Cents a Pound
and Lager Beer 25 Cents
a Glass.
CREDIT SYSTEM IS TABOOED.
Miners Who Do Not Strike Pay-Dirt
Will Need Help Before the
Season Ends.
TORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 17.—
The steamer Topeka arrived this morning
from Alaska after the most pleasant trip
since last summer, although three feet of
snow on a level is reported in Juneau and
Sitka. Among the passengers was Edward
McConnell, who is one of a party of four
that arrived from the Yukon just in time
to take the steamer for Puget Sound on
business and he will return north on the
same boat, going direct to the Yukon again.
His party brought out an outfit weighing
800 pounds with a sledge and six dogs, and
the mercury during: their 900-mile tramp
averaged 60 degrees below zero. They av
eraged nearly twenty-four miles a day, but
would not care to make the trip again. On
the way out they stopped over night with
the Ogilvie Canadian boundary survey
party, which treated them royally. At
times the mercury went as low as 72 de
grees.
McConnell will take six horses back with
him and establish a nacktrain between
Circle City and the diggings. He says the
official census of Circle City is 560 persons,
instead of about 1200 as claimed heretofore.
McConnell says that a Yukon miner
named William Fee and known among
all the miners there as "Missouri Bill,"
has made more discoveries than any other
ten men combined, two of his finds, at
Independence and Deadwood creeks, hav
ing already yielded over $100,000, and
"Bill" is stil! climbing over the moun
tains with a pack on his back looking for
new claims. He says the prediction made
by some people that the Birch Creek dig
gines would soon be worked out and that
Circle City would dry up and blow away
sound very funny to an old-timer like
himself. There is now enough in sight to
keep things humming for ten years, and
the surface of the ground has been but
barely scratched in a few places.
The number of women wintering at
Circle City this year is sixteen, most of
them being wives of traders or miners.
Those who are single remain so of their
own choice, as it is declared they could
have the pick of the entire camp.
McCi.iiieil predicts considerable suffer
ing and hardship among the Yukoners
during the present year. There are only
about forty-five days when actual opera
tions can be carried on and those who
strike nothing then will be helpless, as the
stores can sell for cash all the supplies on
hand, and they Lave entered into a com
pact to trust no miners. Wages, however,
run from $7 to $10 a day., teamster^ with
their teams getting $25 a "day. Quotations
are as follows: Flour $5 per 100 pounds,
bacon 40 cents a pound, su^ar 20 cents a
pound, beans 10 cents a pound, whisky 50
cents a glass, beer 2-5 cents a glass. A shave
costs 50 cents and a haircut $1.
Captain Healy of the steamer P. B.
Weare, which was reported in a dangerous
position in the ice at the mouth of Porcu
pine River and liable to be broken up with
the spring thaw, says she could not be in a
safer position and will again be in the ser
vice during the coming summer.
The steamer Topeka brought down a
box of bullion valued at $7-,000 from the
Douglas Island mines.
LEGAL STRIFE AT SANTA ROSA.
Lawyer Lynch Tries to Have Editor Ltm
mon died for Con
tempt
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 17.— The
case of Wesley Mock vs. Santa Rosa, grow
ing out of the water works contract dis
pute, was on trial here to-day before Judge
Dangerrield of San Francisco. Somtehing
of a sensation was created when Attorney
Lynch for the plaintiff read an editorial
from the Daily Republican of March 6, 1896, \
entitled, "Democratic Opposition." The
article is from the pen of A. B. Leramon,
editor of the Republican, and accused
Lynch, Judge Dangerrield and others con
nected with the case of being Democrats.
These statements, Lynch declared, were
false and contemptible. The language
used in the editorial, he said, was calcu
lated to bring the court into contempt, as
being biased by political motives. Lynch
wanted Editor Lemmon cited to appear
before the court to show cause why he
should not be punished forcontempt.
Judge Dangerrield said, in discussing the
editorial, that while it might be contempt
he did not believe it worth considering, and
consideration of it might aggravate the
case.
Falling in this direction, Lynch turned
his attention to Attorney Goodwin, the
counsel for Mayor Effcy of Santa Cruz, to
whom the contract for constructing the
water works was awarded, and a great part
of the afternoon was spent in trying to
get Goodwin to answer certain questions
regarding the Mayor's transaction with
the City Trustees. This the witness re
fused to do. on the ground that as Effey's
attorney all communication to him on
this line were privileged. An effort was
also made to prove that the Effey and
Garratt <fe Company bids for the con
struction of the water works were in the
same handwriting, and experts on hand
writing occupied the stand a part of the
day.
Public interest in this remarkable trial
is abating, and all of the political parties
stand pledged by their platforms to use all
honorable means to stop the litigation.
H EA I. USB UJt O M O3IIXEEB.
Bonding fora Water Sustetn the Issue
in the Coinino Election.
HEALDSBURG, Cal.. March 17. -A
largely attended meeting was held in this
city last night for the purpose of nomi
nating candidates for the various olfices to
t>9 filled at the coming city election. A.
lively interest was manifested for the cam
paign will be a hotly contested one by
those in favor of bonding the town for
$60,000 for the putting in of a water system,
as against those who oppose the plan. It
is generally understood that the gentle
men nominated for trustees favor the pro
posed improvement.
The following nominations were made:
For Trustees— John Favour, J. H. Gunn,
H. H. Pvne and W. H. Barnes; for Clerk
— 0. H. Pond, A. B. Provines; for Marshal
— J. B. Leard, J. C. Ingalls and C. Bryan;
for Treasurer— George H. TVarfie'd.
CAKSOX TRIAL XEAKIXG AX EXD.
Closing Arguments to the Jury in the
John T. Janet Case.
CARSON, New, March 17.— Closing ar
guments to the jury in the case of John T.
Jones, on trial for complicity with Convict
James Heney in the theft of $23,000 worth
of bullion from the United States mint, |
occupied the entire day in the United
States court. Attorney Dennis for the de
fenae charged the shortage to Heney. j
Mr. Woodburn, leadine attorney for Jones, !
stated to the jury that the stealing of the
bullion lay between H^rsch Harris, the i
present melter and refiner, and Jones, the
defendant. General Clarke and United i
States District Attorney Jones took up the
•accusation and showed by Jones' accounts
that he was short $34,000 in 1893, before
Harris came to the mint.
Clarke, in his address to the jury, i
claimed that Heney stole ?29,000 in 1893, j
and vet Jones made no report of the short- f
age, because he was short himself and had i
to make bogus melts to cover both steal- ■
ings. The defense made the assertion that \
Harris made the bogus melt in March, yet (
his letter reporting a shortage and calling ,
for an investigation was written on Feb
ruary 15.
Clarke was talking for the Government
at 4 o'clock and willfinish his address to
morrow.
Fatal Shooting at Loomis.
LOOMIS. Wash., March 17.— Peter Coults
shot and killed George Stringham, a neigh
bor, Sunday morning on the Sikameen
River. Coults found a fence on his land
torn down, it evidently having been de
stroyed by Stringham during the night.
Coults commenced to rebuild, when String
ham shot at him with a rifle. Young
Coults ran to the house and brought a rifle
to his father, when Stringtiam and Coults
both fired, Stringham falling in h's door
way mortally wounded.
WARDE AT PALO ALTO
Stanford Students Addressed by
the Favorite of the
Stage.
Evolution of the Drama Described and
the Great Actors of the
World Discussed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., I
March 17. — The university chapel was •
crowded this afternoon as it has seldom
been before by an audience eager to hear
Actor Frederick Warde lecture on "The
Evolution of the Drama." Long before
the hour for the lecture arrived students
be.-an reserving their seats, and when ;
Warde was introduced, shortly after 2
o'clock, the room was tilled to the point of
suffocation.
Warde's discourse was delivered with all j
the grace, fluency and humor of which the
accomplished actor was capable. He said :
that from the earliest times a community
demanded amusement and the drama had
been created as a popular form of intel
lectual pleasure. As early as 500 B. C. — :
almost dating back to the Homeric era —
the drama couJd be traced back. In its
origin it was usually a song to the ruline
deities. These songs were sung or chanted
by bands of chorus singers. The Grecian
Thespius was the originator of a story in
verse. Half a century later J2*cbyius
introduced two persons with a chorus.
Sophocles and Euriptdes later introduced
the entire dramatis per-onae, perfecting,
as they believed, the drama. Music pre
dominated in the early drama, but has dis-
appeared now.
From Greece the drama went to Rome,
where it was patronized by the wealthy
for a time. Then it sank from sight, only
to be revived and fostered by the church.
It was uitilized to illustrate churchly
miracles and portray the sufferings of
Jesus Christ. Later the church became
antagonistic to the drama. Not until the
age of Elizabeth did the drama take its
rightful place as an art and an institution.
Shakespeare, the Immortal, then came
with that galaxy of wonderful dramatists.
The sovereigns, Elizabeth and King
James, became the patrons of the drama
which flourished as it had never done be
fore. Its growth was rapid until a check
came under the Puritan commonwealth.
When restored the drama lost its purity
and became vulgar and depraved, but for
tunately this did not last long.
Tragedy and comedy were the prevailing
plays of the time. Then arose Sheridan*
Knowles and his comedies. Realism en
tered to the disadvantage of art. A light
farce came to preface heavy tragedy, and a
low comedy closed the performance
French plays with social motifs were in
troduced with the burlesques; then came
the pantomime — all action being expressed
without the aid of the voice.
Realistic drama reached its height in
the railroad, water-tank, sawmill and
horse-race plays. Lastly, then, was the
farce-comedy, which combined the worst
elements of the farce, the burlesque and
the oomedy. Specialty performances are
most popular at the present day.
Mr. Warde closed with a discussion of
the great actors of the world and the char
acters in which they excelled.
INTJSitHED AT JTJtKSIfO.
The Bodies of Douglas K. and Francis V.
Mott Laid to Heat.
FRESNO, Cal., March 17.— A large con
course of Fresno's citizens took part in a
sad event to-day— the funeral of Douglas
K. and Francis C. Mott, brothers, who died
within three days of each other at Berke
ley, the elder, Douglas, going first. They
had lived in Fresno nearly all their lives
and were universally liked. With their
widowed mother they removed to Berke
ley, where recently Douglas K. Mott en
tered the university and his brother the
High School. Consumption claimed both.
The bodies were embalmed and brought
here last evening. The funeral took place
from thp Episcopal church. The proces
sion started from the church at 2 o'clock
p. M. The bodies were interred in one
grave in the town cemetery. The elder
brother was for more than a year a re
porter here on a local newsoaper. A sister
of the two young men died from con
sumption a year ago. A mother, sister
and brother survive them.
♦
CTCLER PETTI S' MISFORTUyE.
The Well' Known Wheelman Suffer* the
Amputation, of a Leg.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 17.— W. F.
Pettis, a well-known wheelman of this
city, was thrown from a buggy a few days
ago, breaking his leg just above the ankle.
To-day. it was found necessary to amputate
the leg to save the young man's life.
Pettis formerly belonged to the Reli
ance Cycling Club of Oakland, and par
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
ticipated in the last carnival races here,
as well as in other meets throughout the
State. He is resting nicely after the opera
tion, but is not out of danger.
End* Life With a Bullet.
SANTA ROSA, Cai... March 17.—
Joseph Kirsch, a native of Germany, aged
58 years, committed suicide here to-aay
by shooting himself through the head.
Kirsch had resided in Santa Rosa for more
than thirty years, and for the past quarter
of a century had owned a barber shop
near the Grand Hotel on Main street.
FIRE ON DRUMM STREET
The Warehouse of Ames & Harris Seri
ously Damaged This
Morning.
The large warehouse of Ames & Harris,
at the northwest corner of Sacramento
and Drunim streets, was badly damaged
by fire this morning and the stock suffered
heavily' both from fire and water.
About la. m. flames were seen breaking
I from the windows in the fourth or top
story. An alarm was instantly erven at
the Harbor Police station, in an adjoining
block, and Policeman Cayot turned in a
signal from the tire box at California and
Drunim streets.
No time was Jost, but the flames made
great headway before the engines arrived.
A second alarm was then sounded, as the
fire began to assume alarming proportions.
Presently a dozen firemen were clamber
ing up the iron ladders or fire escapes of
the high brick building. They dragged a
hose line and a ladder to the roof and pro
ceeded to work, but hardly were they well
begun when flames burst from windows on
both sides of the iron escape and threat
ened to cut off their retreat.
Chief Bullivan ordered them down and
the men responded hurriedly, for they had
to pass between two .vails of name that
made the ladder almost unbearably hot.
The water tower was then called into
use, and with three combined streams
pouring through the top windows the fire
was soon under control.
The building was used as a bag, twine
and linen store by Ames& Harris and con
tained a large and valuable stock. The
loss was variously estimated at $25,000 to
$50,000, but no cause for the fire could be
ascertained.
John T. Doyle is the owner of the build
ing, which was erected in 1889. The fire
was confined to the fourth floor. How it
started is not known. The loss on the
building was $2000 and the loss on the
stock was about $20,000.
FOUND IN THE BAY.
The Body of an Unknown Man Rescued
From the Deep by it Fish
erman.
Nicholas Sylvania, a fisherman, found
the body of a man floating in the bay off
Fisherman's wharf yesterday. The Coro
ner's office was notified and the body was
removed to the Morgue. Ths hands were
tied with twine and the pockets of the
dead man's clothing were filled with
stones.
The body was that of a man of about 50
years of age, 5 feet 10 inches in height,
and weighing 160 pounds. The clothing
consisted of a dark coat and light trousers.
The body had been in the water some
time, as the features were greatly disfig
ured. Thouph the case is somewhat
strange, it is believed tnat the man com
mitted suicide. The body was not identi
fied in the afternoon.
Late last evening G. B. Larkin, who re
sides at 1124 Howard street, called at the
Morgue and recognized the remains as
those of William Giles, whom he had at
one time employed as a teamster. He
says that Giles was born in Boston and
was 55 years of ape at the time of his death.
Giles had frequently threatened suicide,
and told his friend that in case he was
missing not to worry as he intended to do
away with himself. Mrs. Barker, who re
sides at 309 Capp street, is a sister of de
ceased. She was informed by the Coroner
last evening of the death of her brother,
but she refused to have anything to do
•with the burial of the body.
OCEAN VIEW COURSING.
A First-Class Day's Sport at the San
Mateo County Resort— The
Winners.
In spite of counter attractions the cours
ing men assembled at Ocean View Park
yesterday in large numbers and witnessed
running that has not been equaled for
months past. The hares were in the
finest possible condition and the high
grade hounds that were on the ground
gave the spectators a first-class day's
sport.
In the unfinished stake left over from
last Sunday D. Tweedie's dogs demon
strated their superiority by winning every
thing in sight without" a contest. White
Rustic beat Mascot and was withdrawn so
as to claim third, Tempest and Dublin
Stout taking the large end of tho purse.
A twelve-dog consolation followed in
which Snowbkd won first, Tempest second
and Bobolink, a Captain Morse pup, third.
Then a four-dog match at $2 50 each was
run, as follows:
Maud G beat Foxhall, Dublin Stout beat
White Rustic. .
Finale— Maud G beat Dublin Stout
Next Sunday a $1 stake, the drawing for
which will take place at 915 Market street
on Thursday evening, will be ran.
IRISH NATIONALISTS.
Brilliant Festivities of the Knights
of the Red Branch at Odd
Fellows' Hail.
The twenty-fourth grand anniversary
ball of the Irish Nationalists of San Fran
cisco under the auspices of the Knights of
the Red Branch was a success last evening
in every way.
Odd Fellows' Hall was resplendent with
yellow and green. Long streamers of
these colors hung from the center of the
ceiling to the galleries, and along the latter
was arranged green and yellow bunting,
varied by the flags of Erin and the stars
and stripes. The stage was banked with
flowers, the predominating colors being
the yellow and the green. Suspended
across the arch in yellow letters was the
iegend 'Knights of the Red Branch."
The shamrock was on every coat lapel
and in the corsage of every evening toilet.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of W. B. Shorten, chairman; J.
Murphy, P. J. Sullivan, M. Mannix, P.
Donohue, Ed O'Reily and J. Tracy.
The reception committee — Captain J.
Sheeny, chairman; P. J. O'Neill, M. D. % J.
Kilemede. W. B. Shorten, M. Gall, J. Fay
and D. Killeen.
Floor director, M. Mannix; assistant
door director, P. J. Hulligan.
Floor committee— J. Welsh, F. Palmer,
P. T. Condron, M. D., T. Kearney, J. Rog
erson and J. Loughrey.
Over 1200 were in attendance. Dancing
was continued until a late hour.
PERILS OF THE SEA.
One of the British Ship Thistle's Crew
Washed Overboad and Drowned.
Arrivals.
The British ship Thistle arrived last
night from Swansea. Sbe sailed thence on
November 9 and her captain reported that
on the following day the ship encountered
a very heavy gale with a very high cross
sea, which went clean over the vessel.
Six of the crew were injured and one,
John Henry Hard wick, a native of Eng
land, aged 22 yenrs, was washed overboard
and drowned. The captain put into Holy
head and sailed thence November 21. No
particular difficulty wasencountered there
after.
The British ship Ardamurchan arrived
from Card i ft. having sailed November 8.
She reported heavy weather November 10
and 11 with varying winds thereafter.
The bark Columbia got into port last
night after severe weather on the passage.
PAINTERS AGAIN
ON A BIG STRIKE
Every Union Journeyman
Ordered to Quit Work
To-Day.
VERDICT OF THE BOSSES.
They Refuse to Comply With the
Demands Made by the
Union.
THE WOKKING-CARD SYSTEM.
The Building Trades Council Will
Without Doubt Take a Hand
in the Fight.
The Master Paintera' Association bas de
clined to accede to the terms of the union j
journeymen painters. This action will
probably Drecipitate one of the largest
trade union strikes ever witnessed in this !
City.
As previously stated in The Call the
journeymen demanded $3 as a minimum for
a day's wages for eight hours' work and a
recognition of the building trades work
ing card system. By the working card all
union workmen are prohibited from work
ing with non-union men. In other words
none but union men shall be employed.
The master painters have held several j
meetings of late ami sent a committee to j
confer with the Executive Board of the j
Painters' and Decorators' Union. That
meeting was held on Monday and last
evening the master painters committee |
made its report. Among the features in j
this report was that there may be one ap- j
prentice to every journeyman, one fore
man to eight men and one laborer to six
men.
The master painters after a long debate
decided not to adopt the committee's re
port, but to take the bull by the horns, so
to speak, and decline to comply with the |
principal demand of the union men, a rec
ognition of tne working-card system.
Their ultimatum was as follows:
San Franctsco. March 17, 1896.
At a special meeting of the Master Painters' ;
Association of the Pacific Coast, held March 17 ,
at the Builders' Exchange, after a due and I
careful consideration, it was unanimously
Resolved, That the demands of the Journey
men Painters' Union in regard to the card
system will not be recognized.
E. H. Black, President.
H. F. Wagner, Secreiary.
There were at the meeting master paint
ers Black, Kuss, Wagner, Onadt, Sulli- j
van Phillips, Herringer, McGovern, Me- |
Cord, Fraser, St. Denis, McCauly, C.
Staten, W. Eaton and about, ten others.
President E. H. Black after the meeting
was over said:
The men in reality have brought the trouble
upon themselves. From 1878 to 1880 they j
were working ten hours for $3. They struck j
for nine hours and then for $3 50. Later on :
they struck for eight hours. All of their de- |
mands were granted. A year ago vraces dropped j
through no fault of ours. While the standard
wages were $3 the men themselves fixed their ;
wages at $2 50 a day by offering to work for |
that amount. Even at this amount they are
tetter situated than they were when they were
getting $3 and $3 50 for nine and ten hours'
work. Living and ciOthing is much cheaper
now than then and more than makes up the
actual differecce. ,
They threaten us with t.he Building Trades |
Council, of which the Painters' Union is a
member, and talk about tying up all the build
ir.K trades in the City. With very few excep
tions, such as the Parrott building and one or
two similar jobs, the Building Trades Council
c&rd system cannot aflict us. All the carpen
ters, lathers and others are through witn a!
building before the painters can go to work, !
so they cannot tie up everything before there
il something to tie up. A lot of our other work !
Is painting where none of the other trades j
have been a,t work, such as old houses, etc. •
There is no doubt about our winning, for the j
public is with v.«.
Much has been said about the boss painters \
giving in, but those statements are badly ex- j
agge rated.
PAINTERS CALLED OUT.
All Union Men Ordered to Quit
Work at Once.
A copy of the foregoing decision of the
Master Painters was handed to Rose. Me-
Ivor, Merrill and others of the executive
board of the Painters' Union soon after
the meeting adjourned. The latter held a
caucus at once and a decision was quickly
arrived at.
It was decided to call out every union
painter on a general strike this morning,
and by 8 o'clock it is expected that every
job in the City will be tied up. The lead
ers are determined not to yield a single
point, and they claim that the support
promised to them will enable them to stop
all branches of the building trades until
the troubles are settled.
Another call has been made for all
the striking painters to meet at the Tem
ple for the pupose of further organizing
for aggressive work. Ibis meeting will oe
continued all day and the strike system
atized. • The most important will be the
calling of a special meeting of the Build
ing Trades Council for. 8 o'clock to-night.
The council's working card system is to
go into effect on Aprill, and it is the pur
pose of the painters to have the council
order it to go Into effect at once. If this is
accomplished it will throw many thousand
men into the strike instead of 1100 or ll^OO,
the present strength of the painters. The
council has already pledged itself and its
union.? to do this if the occasion de
manded.
A UNION MASS-MEETING.
The Painters Will Hold a Great
Demonstration Next Saturday
Evening.
The meeting of the striking painters in
the Temple at 115 Turk street was not so
large yesterday as usual. This was not
because they were losing interest in the
strike, but because the large majority of
the union men are at work in the union
shops, where the bosses have given in to
all union demands. There was no lack of
interest, however, and several important
measures wtre discussed, and consequently
there were fewer reports made than usual.
J. F. Keefe of Sutter street was reported
as havine given in to all demands of the
union. He has been one of the most stub
born of all the bosses in holding out
against the strikers.
H. A. Hernnger of 813 Larkin street
states that he never declined to p.iy less
than the union's ruling rate of wages.
The polishers 1 committee reported that
another visit had been made to the Par
rott building, and that the committee had
found William A. Henry of 11 Clinton
street, "Russian Sam" and a man from
Oakland imported by Kuss. These
three men defied the "union. There are
four mim working for Breskcy of the San
Francisco Furniture Company. It was
recommended that immediate steps be
taken to tie up the work in all its branches.
It was deemed inadvisable at present to
take such a step with regard to the Parrott
building. On April 1 the Building Trades
Council's card system will go into effect
and then the council will act.
The following letter was read and
caused the painters to applaud heart
ily and extend a vote of thanks to the
Berkeley carpenters:
United Brotherhood of Carpenters*
and Joiners of America,
Berkeley Union No. 22. March 16. J
To R. T. Mclvor of Painters' and Decorators'
Union. San Francisco: Whereas, at a meeting of
L. U. 23 of Berkeley, U. B. of C. and J. of A. it
was brought to our notice that the painters
and decorators of San Francisco were on a
strike for living wages and the recognition of
the card system, it was resolved to extend a
donation of $50 to. the painters and decorators
to help carry the strike'to a successful issue.
We have been organized but a short time, so
our donation is necessarily not large. Wish
ing you every success and hoping for an early
settlement of your troubles, we remain yours
fraternally. J. T. Langlais, president; P.
Steedman, secretary; J. V. McSheehy.
R. T. Mclvor, the walking delegate, in
troduced a resolution which was heartily
supported by the painters. It was that a
big inass-meetine be held of all the unions
under the auspices of the Painters' and
Decorators' Union next Saturday cv. ning
in the Metropolitan Temple. He said that
he was sure that all the unions in the
building trades would turn out in a body,
and he was confid nt that the other labor
unions would do likewise. For over a
week the painters have been making a
fight to better their condition and they
have been moraliy and financially sup
ported by every union man in the City.
The mass-meeting, he believed, would be a
fitting celebration of a victory whirh will
no doubt be a fact by that time. If by any
chance the victory is not won by Saturday
night, it will be a fitting occasion to show
the people of the country the strength of
the union and how it is supported by the
other labor unions. Every union in this
State has some grievance that should be
corrected, and now that the first heavy
blow has been struck, is the right time to
impress upon the minds of all workire
men the importance of regulating their
differences. In brief, if the present fight
is won the mass meeting will be a celebra
tion of the victory. If the strike is still
on it will be to further enlist the sympathy
of the public In general.
The motion was carried unanimously.
President Hutchinson of Carpenters'and
Joiners' Union No. 483 stated that on Sat
urday evening there will be a mast-meet
ing of all the carpenters' unions at 115
Turk street to elect a business agent, vice
Johnson, resigned. He said that the busi
ness would no doubt be hastened if the car
penters should attend the painters' mass
meeting in a body.
It was decided that all the painters as
semble at 115 Turk street at 7 o'clock Sat
urday evening, and with band and banners
march through the principal streets and
then to Metropolitan Temple. A commit
tee was appointed to arrange the details,
consisting of Mclvor, Danielson, Merrill,
Bean and Postler.
One of the painiers, who had become im
patient at the delay on the part of the
master painters to make a settlement of
the troubles, moved that every painter at
work in the City be called from his work
pending a settlement of the strike. His
motion received no support, as the painters
declared that it woulu be breaking faith
with those who have acceded to all the
terms on the journeymen's promise that
they would not be moiested.* Besides, an
answer is expected from the bosses at any
hour.
Another resolution was passed that will
be a severe blow to all non-union men who
have ignored the union and may in the fu
ture desire to become a member. It was
thut after Monday next the initiation fee
shall be raised from 25 cents to $10. Ever}
one favored the resolution. A similar law
has been passed by several of the carpen
ters' unions. This increase in the fee is
intended to prevent backsliding on the
nart of those union men who frequently
join a union when they have a desire tb
better their condition and drop out when
they have gained their point.
A resolution to start a strikers' relief
fund by assessing those who are at work
was laid over, as the situation i.« not yet
serious enough to warrant such an action.
A vote of thanks was extended to the
Labor Bureau Association for the use of its
hall and assembly-room during the strike.
STRIKERS DEFIANT.
Ready to Compete and Take Palnt-
Ingr Contracts.
R. T. Mclvor as spokesman for the exec
utive board last night made the following
statement:
While we expected a different ver.Uct from
the master painters we are not so very greatly
surprised at their actton. It was a unanimous
verdict, as I have been informed. However,
since they have declared for a battle we will
give them all they want and more, too.
We will hit them a hard blow by entering
into the market with them and making con
tracts with the property-owners direct. We
will take all unfinished contracts and make
new ones wherever we can at terms that they
cannot meet. We will work 'or SI a day if neces
sary, the property-owners .urnishing the ma
terial, and we will do better work than was
ever done before.
We have nothing to lose, for we are not mak
ing over $7 a week on an average, and we have
everything to gain.
As to our plnns for the present we will do
just as we have mapped out — call out all of the
painters in the morning and call a meeting of
the Building Trades' Council. We will invite
io this meeting representatives of all sympa
thetic unions in the City.
I have no doubt that we can stop all building
work in this City and force the bosses to come
to terms or go out of business altogether.
This verdict by the master painters is not by
them alone. The delay in giving an answer to
us was to enable them to confer with the other
building contractors.
This verdict is the verdict of all the contract
ors, and means no thi tier but a slap in the face
at the Building Trades Council working-card
system. It has roachea this point that our
fight is the council's flght, for if we fail they
will go down with us, and they, line the paint
ers, have everything to gain and nothing to
lose.
STRIKERS IN COURT.
Tho Preliminary Examination of D.
J. Mcßea Commenced Before
Judge Low.
The first case against the striking lathers
in connection with the affray on Post
street, near Larkin, on Tuesday of last
week came up before Judge Low yesterday
afternoon.
1). J. Mcßea appeared for his prelimi
nary examination on the charge of assault
.with intent to commit murder, the com
plaining witness being Peter Trade. Attor
ney Coleappeared as special prosecutor and
Attorney Gallagher represented the de
fendant.
All the other defendants were in court
and a large number of their friends.
The witnesses examined for the prose
cution were Walter Trade, Peter Trade and
James McCluskey, who testified to the
assault upon Peter and that Mcßea struck
him with a lath. Dr. Johannsen testified
as to Peter's injuries, and Christopher
Moorehonse, who has the contract for
plastering the house, testified to discharg
ing McKea and employing Trade and
Cahill. He also admitted that he had
employed special counsel to prosecute the
defendants.
As the defense intimated there would be
about fifteen witnesses to testify it was
agreed to continue the case till Wednesday
of next week.
AGAINST THE RANCHES.
Petition Presented to the Board of
Health by South San Francisco
Property-Owners.
The efforts of the South San Francisco
property-owners to have the hog ranches
removed to limits beyond the residence
districts have not been abated, and peti
tions to the Board of Health calling atten
tion to the vile condition of the ranches
are sent in daily.
The following communication from the
residents south of Butchertown was re
ceived by the Board of Health yesterday:
To the Honorable Board of Health— Gentlemen:
We, the undersigned residents of this City and
County, and living near the hog ranch con
ducted by Charles Juhl and Henry Seimerg. on
the corner of Eighth avenue and H street
south, do hereby respectfully petition your
nonorable board to take action in regard to
the nuisance hereinafter mentioned. The said i
hog ranch has proved very offensive to us.
Wo are reliably informed that a member of the
family of one of the owners of said ranch is
now seriously ill.
We believe said sickness to have been caused
by the unhealthy surroundings of the place.
We are apprehensive of our own health, and
we find the stench arising from the pens on
tne establishment to be very offensive to us,
and if the present nuisance is not abated we
will be forced to move elsewhere. A large
amount of slush is created there, and one of
the children of one of the undersigned was
nearly drowned in the same a short time ago.
We could make other complaints in regard
to said ranch, but the same being easily ob
served by any one who may go there, we
know that a short inspection of said place will
convince you of the merits of our complaint.
We respectfully ask that you take immediate
action in said matter. Respectfully,
J. P. Peterson, G. F. Remniers. H. T. Gilberry,
Mrs. T. Remmefs, E. J. Stone, H. Anderson,
Mrs. F. Siemer, Dan Larsen, C. J. Jorgensen,
H. Hunter, Harold Paine, Thomas Gable, Mrs.
F. Freitas, Mrs. Burnell.
Inspector Kinney will investigate the
matter to-day and report to the board at
its next meeting.
MAHONEY WAS UGLY.
The Pusilint and Ex-Fireman Attacks
Theodore Van Buskirk and
Eddie Hanlin.
Daniel Manoney, pugilist and ex-fire
man, was arrested yesterday morning by
Policeman F. W. Riley on the charges of
assault with a deadly weapon aud battery.
Theodore Van Buskirk, the champion
heavy-weight of the Olympic Club, and
Eddie Hanlin were on their way down
town from their rooms at 1109 Larkin
street when they overtook Mahoney at the
corner of Ellis street. Mahoney was in
toxicated, and either purposely or acci
dentally brushed against Van Buskirk, who
stepped aside. As he did so Mahoney
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
flourished it in a threatening manner in
front of Van Buskirk.
Being unarmed, the Olympic Club
champion hastily placed a telegraph pole
between himself and Mahoney. This dis
concerted Mahoney and he turned his
attention to Hanlin, pushing the barrel" of
the revolver against his breast. Hanlin
grabbled with him and threw him to the
f round. Van Buskirk then stepped from
ehind the telegraph pole and helped
Hanlin hold Mahoney till Policeman Riley
appeared and placed Mahoney under
arrest.
Neither Van Buskirk nor Hanlin seemed
willing to prosecute Mahoney, but upon
the advice of Jud«e Joachimsen, who was
passitig at the time of the arrest, they
changed their minds. They could give no
reason why Mahoney should have shown
a desire to shoot them, as they are ac
quainted with him.
VALLEY ROAD FINANCES
Not a Single Delinquency in the Call
for the Fifth Assessment on
the Stock.
Every dollar levied by the fifth assess
ment on the stock of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad Company
has been paid. It was a call for 10 per
cent of the full amount of the stock issued;
or $244,000. The assessment was made
payable on the 9th inst. and would become
delinquent on the 26th, but every stock
holder had by yesterday met his obligation.
There has now been paid in just half of
the total amount of the face value of the
stock that has heen' issued, or $1,220,000.
All of this has gone to pay for actual con
struction of the road aiui apart of its equip
ment. It has provided for, among other
things, the material used in construction
as far as Fresno, the locating or surveying
of the road to Bakersfield, three locomo
tives, 150 freight cars and the boarding out
fit for the men at the front, consisting of
two dining-room cars.
Owing to the absence from the City of a
number of the directors of the road the
regular weekly meeting, which is usually
held on Tuesday, was postponed yesterday
until to-day.
THE FAIR CASE.
Judge Slack Decides That It Shall Go
On To-morrow Morning.
The Fair case has gone over until to
morrow morning, when the exact position
of the proponents of the pencil will will be
argued and perhaps ascertained.
All the attorneys were present in court
when Mr. Delrnaa rose and asked for a con
tinuance. He had not been supplied with
a copy of the proceedings of the day before,
he said, and he could not go on intelli
gently without thatinformation. Mr. Pier
son objected, but Mr. Delmas reminded
him that he had waited fourteen months
before offering the will, and that an ex
planation of his sudden nastb would be in
order.
Then Judge Slack announced that he
would take the case up to-morrow morn
ing, and in the meantime Mr. Delmas will
be given a copy of the testimony.
For Stealing Cattle.
Ella Keith, alias Garcia, was arrested yester
day on a warrant issued by a Benicia Justice
of the Peace charging her w ith felony embez
zlement. She formerly worked on the ranch
oi S. Rossi, Van Sycklen Island, Sacramento
River. About three months ago she shipped
fifteen head of cattle belonging to her em
ployer to this City and sold them, appropriat
ing ihe proceeds. She claims that she worked
on the ranch for two years at .foO per month
wages, but Rossi ouly paid her $60, and she
toot the cattle in part payment of what was
due her.
• — «. — „
The sense of smell, is probably more
acute in the dog than in any other animal.
NEW TO-DAY.
. arv I fj Sometkne9 it seems
flT<*ri!i\\ »_~l • ■ t0 wear y woman that
iv.'T^viTr- " '■ ; she . must certainly
Va^VlS^ <ac». Bfi ve U P* The sim-
\iSflll Rmar? .^ t>lest anc^ easiest
V^pm^HHsK^V-X— wor k becomes an
\l3By^ grEagrTl almost insurmount-
\|HrL I able task. Lassitude
h— BJB^ V ■ almost overcomes
y M^___ i^^^ N rJ her. Nervousness
IJ^ Ahh 1 \\ and sleeplessness
i«cF=sULß[i* . mat an( i pain harass her
~ V^^^»l TH»^F|^ and life seems hardly
«»*=S» I^^S B*^8 *^ worth the living.
. .. ■'.„ ! That her sufferings
are ; due solely to her own fault * seldom
occurs to her, but-often it is so. '. Health, :
strength and vigorous vitality are hers if .
she will but ask and reach for them.
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription was
made for her. Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery was made for her. The for-
mer is for the ills distinctly feminine, the
other for her •general system. .Together
they supply a scientific and successful
course of treatment. The "Favorite Pre-
scription "; restores healthy, repular action
to the organs distinctly feminine. ; It forces
out all impurities, strengthens the tissues,
allays irritating inflammation. The "Gold- -
en Medical Discovery" ; makes appetite, 1
helps digestion, promotes assimilation,
fills out the hollows in : cheeks and neck
with good solid j flesh and brings back the
gladsome glow of girlhood.-. Best : of all,
with these ; remedies there is 'no need of
detested "examinations" and "local treat-
ment" so abhorrent to every modest
woman. •". • ■
; . , Thousands : - of grateful women have
written v letters like this: ,
Mrs. Samantha M. Cranmer, of Box jj/Le
Roy, Bradford Co., Pa., writes: ; "It is with pleas-
' nre that I write these few lines in favor of Dr. ■
: Pierces» Golden ' Medical - r Discovery • and * 'Fa-
vorite Prescription '—the medicines which have
done me so much rood. I was completely run •
down so that I could scarcely drag myself around
the house, had been getting- weaker and worse
j for several years until 1 lost all hope of ever get-
ting any better. I took four bottles of each of
your medicines and am now perfectly well, I .'
• . ■, Respectfully yours, •- ;.
.■. Dr. Pierces ''■ Common ■ , Sense I Medical ■
Adviser, a 1000 page doctor book, profusely
illustrated, of which 680,000 have been sold r
at $1.50 a copy, will be sent free on re-,.
,'ceipt of 21 cents to pay.jpostage • and wrap-
ping only. f World's « Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. V;
A MINER'S LOCK.
Grass Valley the Home of
the Happy One.
But it Was Not in Gold That
He "Struck It."
IT IS FUNNY TO WATCH THE MAN WHO
goes out to make his fortune in a way that
Is ' 'out of the groove." Sometimes he will ap-
pear in the guise of a lottery fiend ; again ha
will appear as a dabbler in stocks ; anet he is to
be found as a gold mine prospector, and he has
been heard of as trying to find gold on goose-
berry bushes. In any case he is a man without
an object— a careless, reckless and usually
worthless chap, whose duty to humanity (in
his mind) is made up of getting rich at some
one else's expense. That is not the type of
man, though, who carries his life in his hand
from day to day, and who really works hard to
secure fortune's favors. He is usually a ster-
ling, whole-souled fellow, fearing nothing,
though he risks much. One of the sterling sort
of searchers after "luck" who has recently
"struck It rich" is Mr. A. Burton of Grass Val-
ley. He was unable to pursue his arduous call-
Ing as a miner because he was prostrated with
a serious disease. He thought there was no
relief for him and he began to look at death as
a certainty. He had not heard cf the grand
old Hudson Medical Institute then. But he
went there and he is cured now. ''Health is
more than wealth." His good fortune was
health. In a letter to the managers of that
great institution he, says :
Grass VRlley, Cal., August 15, 1805.
Hudson Medical Institute. San Francisco. Cal.
Gentlemen: I left Gold Valley on the 3d ot Juna,
and I have been to Nevada ami all through the
mining camps (seeking to h'nd "good times." and
that is the reason 1 suppose that I did not get your
letters before. At present I am not doing anything
and money is scarce. The medicine I took did me
lots of good, and as soon as i am "in uicds" X
stiall certainly send for some more.
ours, respectfully. A. PUBTON.
See how with "hard times" practically stariu*
him in the face, this decent fellow expresses
his thanks for what has been done for him by
the skilled physicians at the great institute
which is located at thecornerof Market, Stock-
ton and Ellis streets. And he is only one
among many thousands of decent, grateful
men. For instance, among those who have re-
cently felt impelled to thank the specialist*
for what had been done for them:
S. J. Bailey of Weaverville says: "After two
months' treatment by you I feel fully restored
to health."
K. C. Taft of Stowe, Cal., says: "I am feeling
fine without a sign of the disease now."
J. T. Ward of Park City, Utah, writes: "I am
very pleased to say that I am cured of th«
terrible disease I had."
There is not a single State or Territory in th«
Union from which equally satisfactory indorse-
ments do not come, and it is now becoming to
be a proverb (for it is pare aDd unadulterated
truth) that if you are ill and can be cured TH^
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE is by far the
best place to go to. THERE RELIEF IS CER-
TAIN.
All the Following Cases Are Curable i
Catarrh of tbe head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; all functional nerroul
diseases; Bt. Vims' dance; hysteria: shaking
palsy; epilepsy; all venereal diseases; all
kinds of blood troubles; ulcers; waste of vital
forces; rheumatism; gout; eczema; all skin
diseases, from whatever cause arising; psori-
asis; all blood poisoning; varicocele; poison
oak; loßt or impaired manhood; spinal trou*
ble; nervous exhaustion and prostration; in-
cipient paresis: all kidney diseases; lumbago;
sciatica; all bladder troubles; dyspepsia; in-
digestion; constipation; ail visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating depart-
ment. Special instruments for bladd«r trou-
bles.
£&- Circulars and Teitimonial* of th*
Great Hudyan Sent Free.
HIiDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
sUAckton. Mitrket and Bills St*.
FAI L Co
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist, * *
OUCCESSFULIiY TREATS' ALL CHRONIO
0 diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, ! disorders
Of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele.'hydroceleand svrellln? of the glands.
.Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions,' sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. tailing memory and ail the distress-,
Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. - Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
Uis, thoroughly and forever cured. ■ "
WRITK your troubles if living away from ta«
city and advice will be given you free of charga. j .
Address P L SVVEANY, M.D., -
737 Market St. (opposite Kxaminer Uttlce), . .
... . San Francisco, C*L
LI FO TAI JR., /*. \\\^- - t
Chinese Tea and Herb Li= j '•
Sanitorinm, ShiHh
No. 727 Washington St M \..jj» :2 r
San Francisco, Cal. VST * f f 0
Cor. Brenham Place, abova >Jfe--. A
the plaza. / iftjftw
■ Office Hours: 9to 12, —^ W; (J>JiF^
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- ' ■*^fi^'--
day, 9 A. M. to 12 M.
LI Fo Tal Jr., son of the famous LI P»
Tai, has taken his father's business,
and Is, after eleven years' study ia
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases. ., .
iiiniii^rcrc^iinnin
"1 6THEVERY BKST ONE TO EXAMIXE YOTTB
J- ayes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeslaauai
with lnstramenta ' of hia own taveution, waa4a
superiority lim oot beon : equaled. . AL/ *aoa«M iv«
MCDdue to the merit»of my wort ' .j, <■:• v;
Uthce Hours— l^ to 4p. K. ■'■ ■
cosMOPOXjiTAiir,
Opposite U. S. Mm:, 100 and 102 Fifth St., saa
rancisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, #1. $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals i!sc. Rooms, 50a
and 75c a day. : Free coach to and from the • hotel.
Look for the'eoach bearlnetbe name of the Coj- ;
mopolltan Hotel. . WM. t'AHEY, Proprletot. .
NEW; WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY . AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB
modeled and renovatPd. KIXG, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 ppr day, $•}
to 58 per week. $8 to $30 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates In
every room: elevator runs all night. , ■,;•,.
€,DEWEY&CO.^
PATENTS I
■ 220 MARKET ST. S.F^l>m</
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEKS ' TK B
lj great Mexican Remedy; give* He*lLa aad
6treDgtli to the Sexual Orean*. ■"•«""« •«»
5*FITZGERALD
MAKES REPLY.
Argument of the Attorney-
General Before Judge
McKenna.
AGAINST THE RAILROAD
A Day Devoted to Defense of
the Railway Commis
sion's Powers.
THE LEASES AND CONTRACTS.
Review of the Laws Bearing on the
Consolidation of the Western
Lines.
Attorney - General Fitzgerald argued
through the entire session of the United
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Arguing the Railroad Case Before Judge Mckenna in the United States
Circuit Court Yesterday.
[From a sketch by a ''Call " staff artist.]
States Circuit Court yesterday, presenting
to Judge McKenna the side of the defense
in the case of the Southern Pacific Com
pany aeainst the California Railway Com
mission.
This case is the fight of the railroad
company for a permanent injunction to
restrain the commission from ordering re
ductions in the wheat transportation rates.
The railroad representatives were pres
ent in force, and several other lawyers re
mained in court to listen to the eloquent
piesentation of the arguments for the
people.
The Attorney-General began by review
ing the story of ths great Western railroad
system, with the consolidation of the Cen- i
tral Pacific and Union Pacific roads, the |
California Pacific road, the South Pacific
Coast road and the Northern and Northern
. California roads.
But for the consolidation of this system
of roads each of the railways would be an
NEW TO-DAY.
il l ■>&■ ~&
ill ' ■^
a gooitthing—
fBSH IT ALONG.
Iff a good thing for ; you to know that this
Solid Oak, Polished Chiffonier is but $18 regu-
lar, every day in the year, "Mission-street
TjrJC'G **
P Carpets M '•Mission-street Prices," too.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St. i
independent power, and would be in com
petition with the others. The rivalry
would make the roads better for the
people.
Some of the leases, he stated, he would
hold to be void, because they were exe
cuted without the express authority of the
powers granting the franchise. The Cali
fornia Pacific and South Pacific Coast
leases would be regarded as void, because
they were executed prior to the legislative
amendment of the charter in ISBB.
At that time, he would hold, the com
plainant had no power to enter into that
kind of contract in this State. He ex
pected to show that the Southern Pacific
Company of California is operated at a
profit and pays deficits of the other di
visions.
The Central Pacific, he averred, is both a
Federal corporation and a State corpora
tion. In the Government bill of in
tervention it was held to be a Federal
corporation. It is different from the Union
Pacific, which is wholly a Federal corpora
tion. In the view that he presented it is a
California corporation, but is also operated
under important and valuable franchises
from the United States, which brings it
under the Federal control.
The Southern Pacilic Company of Cali
fornia is alleged in the bill of intervention
to be a California corporation, which is
true in the same sense of the Central Pa
cific. On account of its franchise the lease
could not be executed without consent of
the Government.
Mr. Fitzgerald then took up the consid
eration of the right of Federal corpora
tions or State corporations acting under
Federal franchises to convey by lease for a
long term of years all their property and
franchises to another corporation, or to
the Southern Pacific Company. He ar
gued that the execution of these leases
without permission from the powers cre
ating the corporations was void.
"Has the State of California ever given
power for the lease of these railroads?"
was the point of the argument at the be
ginning of the afternoon session. The
Attorney-General discussed the question
at great length and cited case after case in
support of the position maintained by
him. The quotation of authorities occu
pied the entire afternoon.
The argument by Mr. Fitzgerald will be
resumed this morning.
POVERTY AND DRINK.
Mrs. McNamara Arrested for Cruelty
to Children.
Mrs. Kate McNamara, 41 West Mission
street, was arrested yesterday by OfficeTs
Holbrook and McMurray of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
on the charge of cruelty to her children.
Recently her husband, James McXamara,
a painter, fell off a scaffolding and his leg
was so badly injured that it had to be
amputateo. Since then he lias not been
able to support the family, and they have
been livine in filth and squalor, while the
mother was in a constant state of inebriety.
There are four children, Mary, 16 years
of age, John 11, Katie 7 and Annie 5.
Mary ran away from home about a week
ago.'and yesterday the officers found her
in the house of Mrs. Smith, 213 Twelfth
street. There are only two beds in the
house and Mrs. Smith, her three grown-up
daughters, the girl McNamara and a man
named Gorman, who claims to be Mrs.
Smith's husband, occupied them.
Mary McNamara was booked at the City
Prison for the Magdalen Asylum and Mary
Smith, 17 years of age, one of Mrs. Smiths
daughters, was booked for vacrancy. The
three other McNamara children were sent
to the Youths' Directory.
WAS IN GOOD STANDING.
An Interesting Decision Rendered by
Judge Hunt.
Judge Hunt has rendered a decision of
considerable interest to lodge members.
He says when a man is not given the
chance to pay his dues he cannot be held
in arrears.
The decision was in the case of Mrs. F. j
Miller, who was suing the E : .ntracht Bund •
for $800 due upon the benefit policy of her j
husband, who was before his death a mem
ber of the bund. The policy was rejected j
because Miller was said to be delinquent, i
His death occurred on January 12, 1895, !
and he had not yet paid his dues for the |
December before; but Judge Hunt holds !
that his dues, while due on the first meet
ing in December, were not delinquent until
the last meeting. The day for the last I
meeting fell on Christmas and the first j
meeting in January fell on January 1, a j
legal holiaay. Miller was dead before the
next meeting night and Judge Hunt ruled
that he was in good standing, having had !
no chance to pay his dues before the time •
of payment expired.
THE LIGHT TRUST.
When the Contracts for Lighting; Streets
and Public Buildings Will £xpire.
The negotiations for the consohda- |
tion of the San Francisco (Jas Company j
and the Edison electric-light corporation j
are still pending. It is said that the gas
company has presented its ultimatum to
the other corporation.
The contract for lighting the streets of |
' San Francisco expires August 1. The
present contract for lighting public build
ings of the City will terminate May 1.
Pixley's Kstate.
The estate of Frank M. Pixley has been ap
praised at $9361 69. The principal portion of
the estate is contained in a promissory note
made by Maurice Dore for $5446 80. There
arebther smaller notes and quite a number of
no value. Most of these notes grew out or the
exploitation of a townsite in the San Joaquin
Valley known as J'ixley, which failed. He had
three "pieces of land, each of small value.
The co-operative societies of all kinds in
Germany number 8418. .1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, J896.
ENERGY IN THE MISSION
A Progressive Spirit Permeates
the People of the South
ern Side.
AND TAXATION IS NO OBJECT.
Schools, Parks and Boulevards Wanted
in the Warm Belt
District.
The people of the Mission were over
joyed yesterday on learning through Thk
Call that their hopes in regard to im
proved school accommodation were in a
fair way to be realized. The district has
long needed a hinh school. The prospect
of securing a public park also deliguted
the residents.
Joe Scheer, who resides at 412 Liberty
street, was overjoyed at the prospect of the
contemplated advancement now being
pushed with vigor on behalf of the Mission.
He said : "We have for the past thirty
five years contributed more than our share
of taxes for the benefit of the western por
tion of the City. We have without grum
ble or grudge paid our assessment for the
purchase of and the continuous improve
ment of Golden Gate Park. And yet, until
quite recently, vre could not take our fami
lies there without being compelled to pay
C. P. Huntington's compauy two fares,
which to a workingman with a large fam
ily made a big hole in his week's wages.
"We have been neglected in our supply
of water and gas, and with the exception
of a few streets on the lower section, be
tween Valencia and Harrison streets, had
really no good streets.
•'Had it not been ior sucn men as Judge
Van Keynegom and others we would yet
be without car accommodation west of
) Valencia street. Churcn street was opened
to fifteenth only. By the assistance of
Judge Van Keynegom the Mission people
purchased from the Roy heirs sufficient
land to extend Church, street, and after
buying the land they deeded it to the City
for a public street. The amount of money
j raised b} r the property-owners between
! Seventeenth and Twenty-sixth streets, on
J the line of Church street, was about $2500.
I This we paid out of our pockets rather
I tnan go arguing with the Supervisors for
I an appropriation.
"Now, we want something in return,
| and what we do want is a high school for
our big children and a park for our little
ones and their mothers, so that we need
not go out to Golden Gate Park for a lung
ful of good, pure :iir."
James D. Phelan, one of the progres
sive youiig men and extensive property
owners, added his views to the subject in
the following words:
"The Mission has many claims on the
City at large and should receive the atten
tion of the City Fathers.
"The early missionaries chose it as the
most desirable spot on the peninsula for
residence and it is historic. Electric and
other railroads are drawing San Francisco
closer to San Mateo and better roads are
demanded, and through the Mission all
this new traffic must pass. It is on the
line of growth. Its climate and the extent
of its territory, running indefinitely south,
is the only outlet to the City, and it
should be made attractive so that growth
may be stimulated. The City will get the
benefit in increased population and values
for taxation. The population will come
from the bay towns, as Oakland. Alameda
and San Rafae!, where people go for
climate. But we must have a high school,
as we now have other schools, and a
branch library; and we must have a park
for children and families who are neces
sarily compelled to live on narrow lots.
Other parts of .the City are so favored and
we simply demand our rights and fair
treatment."
George D. Shadburne, a prominent at
torney and a moving spirit in improving
the southern portion of the City, gave his
views on this subject as follows:
"We of the southwest portion of the
Mission are twenty-five years behind the
age. Had it not been for Judge Yon
Reynegom, Major B. Kinney, T. V.
O'Brien and a few other go-ahead citizens
we of the outside Mission district would
be burning tallow candles or coal-oil and
drawing water out of wells with a bucket
and rope unless we were able to erect a
windmill.
"Even now there are not water mains
throughout the entire Mission district.
Where I live, on Twenty-fifth street and
Hoffman avenue, the Spring Valley Water
Company is just putting in pipes, and it is
but a short time since we got the gas out
there.
•'So disgusted over these things have I
got that 1 have made up my mind to sell
my property in that section and move into
the City, so to speak. I have bought a
home on California street, where I intend
to live the balance of my time. I have got
tired fighting for improvements in the
Mission, yet 1 am glad to see The Call
take its present stand in aid of improving
not only the Mission but the whole City.
"The southern portion of the City covers
one-half of the area of the City with two
thirds of its population, and yet there is
no high school or public park, while the
Western Addition, that was not inhabited
when the Mission district was well settled,
has parks and schools and good streets.
"Even proper police protection has been
denied the people out in the Mission until
very recently. With all this many of our
progressive citizens throw back their
shoulders and say, 'Time and patience
will make all things right.' This may be,
but we of the Mission have doubts as to
the principle and rather believe in 'Dura
vivimus vivanaua' (Let us live while we
NEW TODAY-DRY GOODS.^
INTERESTING OFFERINGS ■Hi GOODS
— . , __ _ — _____ __ __ — —sjgoajS ;../_. '.. ..:'.'■". ■ — — — — :
THE VALUE-PURCHASING POWER OF A DOLLAR WAS NEVER BEFORE SO GREAT as it
is throughout our MAGNIFICENT AND UNEQUALED DISPLAY of New Spring Goods, which has
received some very important additions during the past few days, and now includes ALL THE
VERY LATEST AND MOST EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND NOVELTIES, all bought so advantageously
that we are enabled to offer them at figures corresponding with the following
SURPRISINGLY LOW PRICES THIS WEEK!
___ __ ___ ___ __ . , . ___ _______ _ ____________________ __ . _____ . _ _________
LACE DEPARTMENT!
At 15c to $2.50 a Yard.
BATISTE LACE INSERTIONS AND
BANDS, linen shade, the latest trim-
ming.
At. 50c to $4.50 a Yard.
BATISTE LACE EDGINGS AND ALL-
OVERS, in linen shade.
At 25c to $1.75 a Yard.
ISIGNY*, POINT LIERRE AND MA-
LINES LACE, in all widths and
Bands to match.
At 20c to $1.50 a Yard.
ISIGNY AND IVORY POINT AP-
PLIQUE LACE, in all widths.
At 10c to $2.50 a Yard.
CREAM AND BLACK CHANTILLY
LACE, all silk, in all widths.
At 60c to $3.00 a Yard.
BLACK MOUSSELINE DE SOIE AP-
PLIQUE LACE. Honiton Braid ef-
fects, with Bands and Allovers to
match.
At 2><c to 30c per Yard.
FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACE, in
white and butter, an endless variecy.
LADIES JOWNS!
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy muslin,
lined back, tucked yoke, will be offered
at 50c.
At $1.00.
LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsutta
muslin, deep square collar edged with
em oroidery, full sleeves, regular price
$1 25, will be offered at $1 each.
UU Murphy Building, /
Harket aid Jones Streets.
live). This is our home, and we should
make it attractive and worth living in.
"The boulevard that we are going to
have od Folsom street from Sixth to Nine
teenth is a movement in this direction.
This will cost about $35,000. Bat this is a
small recompense for the thousands of
dollars that the Mission property owners
have paid in taxes for improving other
portions of the City."
Ex-Sheriff C. S. Laumeister is in full ac
cord with the spirit of improving the
southern portion of the City. He said
when spoken to on the subject: "Why,
of course 1 am in favor of the high school
and of the park and of everything that
will tend to improve San Francisco and
make it attractive.
"Suppose that the taxes are a few cents
in excess of what the people have been
paying. This is nothing as compared to
the amount of money that is taken out of
San Francisco yearly by her own people
who go traveling looking for pleasant
places to spend the summer. If this or a
portion of it were spent at home to make
improvements and beautify this City we
would more than make up what we pay in
taxes by having F,astern people come out
hereto see our beautiful City. And when
they did come and see for themselves that
in addition to our climate we had an ele
gant city they would settle here and invest
their money in our products.
"The time has come when San Fran
cisco should cast off its boys' clothing and
assume man-like proportion. We are
no loneer an overgrown village, but a big
city. Therefore let us get to work and im
prove every portion of it, the Mission in
cluded; build schools, open and improve
the public parks, pave the streets with th 6
very best material, and make San Fran
cisco an ideal city in fact as well as in
name."
Ex-Supervisor C. W. Taber of the Mis
sion is in fuil accora with those of his sec
tion of the City in desiring to improve
not only the Mission, but the entire City.
He said :
"We should have a boulevard running
from the Mission out to the park and
round the beach to the Presidio, where
another park should be. Again. Park
Hill should be improved and a sloping
drive made into the proposed park in the
Mission.
"The people of one accord should wake
up and bring San Francisco in touch with
other big cities. See what progress and
improvement has done for Los Angeles
and other places throughout the State,
and all this time San Francisco is retain
ing its round-headtd cobblestones and
wooden sidewalks, while the people who
ran afford it go elsewhere to hunt for nice
cities.
"But I am pleased to see that there is a
movement on foot to wake the people up
from a quarter of a century sleep into
which they have fallen, and while they
were asleep the City has been growing in
patches. The portions occupied by poor
people have had poor improvements and
the rich the reverse, until there is no simi
larity between any two sections, eicher in
the buildings or the condition of the
streets.
"It is time to change this mode of mak
ing a city great and attractive so as to at
tract the attention of strangers who come
among us."
The bedrooms of the Orient are far dif
ferent from those of Christendom. Fully
half the women of the world sleep upon
the floor of the ground, and even the rich
est of the ladies of Asia have never known
the luxury of hair mattresses and spring
beds. Most of these Mongolian beauties
do not know what a feather pillow means,
and the Japanese pillow consists of a
lump of wood about the size of a loaf of
bread, with a piece of soft paper tied on
the top of it, so that it will just fit into
Yum Yum's neck, and prop her head off
the floor.
Railway extension in Burmah is carried
on under exceptional difficulties. Tun
neling and rock-cutting work on the last
section of the Ma Valley Railway exten
sion has been stopped in consequence of
the Indian artisans and Burmah laborers
having absconded, the insalubrity of the
place and the high price and scarcity of
food supplies.
MEN'S iBOYSWISHINGS!
At 15 Cents.
200 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS,
in assorted opera shades, navy and
white neured, black, light, fancies, etc.,
extra value for 2oc, will be offered at
15c each.
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen BOYS' CALICO AND CHEV-
IOT WAISTS, made with two pleats
in back and front, in a variety of hand-
some patterns, worth oOc, will be of-
fered at 25c each.
At 35 Cents.
75 dozen BOYS' FAUNTLEROY
BLOUSES, in very handsome patterns
and all sizes, worth (55c, will be offered
at 35c eacn.
At 50 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED
NIGHTSHIRTS, made of good, heavy
muslin, and trimmed with silk and
embroidered trimmings, extra value
for 75c, will be offered at 50c each.
At 60 Cents.
52 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED "STAN-
LEY" SHIRTS, with collars and cuffs
attached, in a choice variety of new
patterns, worth $1, will be offered at
60c eacb.
At $1.00.
45 dozen MEN'S TWELVE - THREAD
BALBRIGGAN UNDERSHIRTS and
DRAWERS, in vicuna shades, fancy
silk finished, will be offered atsl each.
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
At 50 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria, in
black only, unlined, will be offered at
50c.
At 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria, rvf-
lled trimmed, unlined, will be offered
at 75c.
f/fif Murphy Building, jf
Market aid Jones Streets.
STANFORD TO CELEBRATE
A Jubilee Concert at the Met
ropolitan Temple To-mor
row Evening.
Everything Will Be Cardinal— A Pros
pect That the Aggregation
Will Go East.
To-morrow night the Stanford Univer
sity Glee and Mandolin clubs are going to
give a rousing concert in the Metropolitan
Hall. The chief purpose of this concert,
which will be the first of a series, is to
celebrate the recent victory in the suit by
the Government against the Stanford es
tate. The boys are preparing, figuratively,
of course, to paint tvery town red, and no
doubt they will carry San Francisco by
storm, as the Beiki-ley Glee Club and the
Stanford Mandolin Club did last year.
The combination this year, however, is
CHARLES J. DILLON Ad BE WILL APPEAR IN CHABACTER COSTUME.
HOSIERY ANDJNDERWEAR !
At 15 Cents a Pair.
150 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIB-
BED COTTON HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, warranted fast black,
regular value 20c.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
125 dozen MISSES' REAL MACO COT-
TON HOSE, fine ribbed, double knees,
heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye, black
and assorted tan shades, regular value
$4 20 per dozen.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
200 dozen LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON
HOSE, extra high*spliced heels and
toes, black and assorted tan shades,
will be offered at 25c a pair.
At 33>4 Cents a Pair.
175 dozen LADIES' BLACK LISLE-
THREAD HOSE, Richelieu nbhed,
high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
black, regular value 50c.
At 25 Cents Each.
75dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY-RIBBED
EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
neck, long sleeves. PANTS to match.
Extra good value for 40c.
At 50 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' SWISS-RIBBED
FRENCH LISLE-THREAD VESTS,
low neck and sleeveless, silk-braided
neck and arras, cream, pink, ecru, sky
and black colors, will be offered at 50c.
PARASOLsTjARASOLS !
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk Gloria,
lined in black, will be offered at $1.
At $1.50.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk Gloria,
double ruffle, in black, will be offered
at $1 50.
ytif Murphy Building, -J
Market and Jones Streets.
of Stanford clubs, and it will be their first
appearance in this City in combination.
For the past two years the clubs have not
been on exactly friendly terms, and the
feeling between them was aggravated last
year when the mandolin club went North
with Berkeley. All this has been changed,
and the clubs start on a triumphal tour
Thursday. Aft«r the concert in this City,
the clubs play in Oakland, Saturday night
in Fresno and Monday in Los Angeles.
Towns in the vicinity of Los Angeles will
be played next week, and on the return
trip Stockton will be visited.
Last year the San Francisco audience
was sent almost into convulsions over the
impersonations of Mile. Calliope Cardi
nale of the Mandolin Club. This year an
equally gifted humorist, Charles I. Dillon,
will take his place. Dillon has an inimit
able way of telling how "Christopher
Columbus Discovered America." It is said
to be worth walking ten miles to hear.
Two other soloists will appear. These are
Messrs. Phillip F. Abbott and W. Bittle
Wells. Abbott has a barytone voice with
much power and expression. Well 3 plays
for a violin solo one of his own composi
tions, a nocturne. Besides the solos there
will be numbers by the combined clubs
and special numbers by each club. The
commete programme is as follows:
"Estudiantina" (Larcome), Glee and Mando
GLOVES !_ GLOVES!
At 45 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate
shades, regular value $1, will be offered
at 45c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
1000 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, col-
ors mode and slate, regular value 85c,
will be offered at 50c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in tan colors and black,
regular value $1, will be offered at 65c
a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1000 pairs 6-BUTTON LENGTH MOUB-
QTJETAIRE CHAMOIS SKIN
GLOVES, in natural color and white,
regular value $1, will be offered at 65c a
pair.
At 75 Cents.
950 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors
and black, regular value $1 25, will be
offered at 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
900 pairs 4-UUTTON KID GLOVES (larg*
buttons to match gloves), all shades
and black, regular value $1 50, will be
offered at 90c a pair.
WAISTS I CHJLMEFS SUITS!
At $1.50.
CHILDREN'S DUCK SUITS, sizes 4 to
10, full skirt, blouse waist, finished
with deep sailor collar, will be offered
at $1 50 each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' STRIPED AND FIGURED
LAWN WAISTS, yoke back, extra
full sleeves, perfect fit, will be offered
atsL
WV Murphy Building, j
Market anil Jones Streets.
lin clubs; "Zulu Dance," Mandolin Club;
medley, Glee • Club; violin solo, "Nocturne"
(Wells), W, Bittle Wells; "Wing Tee Wee,
Glee Ciub; barytone solo, "On the ; Rolling-
Wave," . Phillip F. Abbott; "La- Czaiina' 1
(Ganne), Mandolin Club; vocal solo, "Ma Lit
tle Youngster," Charles I. Dillon; ''Courtship"
(Thayer), Glee Club ; "Stanford University
March" (Kaufman), Mandolin Club; "My Old
Kentucky Home" (Foster), Mr. Abbott < and
Glee Club; "Angeline," Glee and Mandolin
| clubs.
The members of the clubs are: :
Glee Club: First tenors— Shirley Baker, W.
A. Sutherland, Edward C. Se wall ; . second
tenors— Charles G. Decker. G. W. Bush, W. C. .
McNeil,' F. A. Schneider ; first bass— Charles B.
Pinkham, Phil F. Abbott. W. T. Young, Tarn
McGrew; second bass — Guy Cochran, 'A.-G.-'
Kaufman, C. Van H. King, J. Schlacks;
leader, Shirley Baker; manager, W. A. Suther
land.
, Mandolin Club: First mandolin— Bittle
Wells, Edward C. Sewall, Thomas K. Code;
first guitar— George B. Wilson, William L. Mc- ,
Guire, B. D. Weigle ; second » mandolin— A. G.
Kaufman, E. I. Bartholomew ; second guitar— .
H.H.Welch, L. E. McChesney, H. S. Sladen;
i mandola, Charles I. Dillon leader, A. G. Kauf
man; manager, W. L. McGuire. ;
• » — •
A new system of packing butter which
does t away with , cold chambers is ; being
tried in Australia. The butter is being
packed in cubical boxes made of glass, the
joints being covered adhesive, grease
proof paper. . The boxes vary in size, hold
ing from one pound to 200 pounds. When
a box is filled it is covered with a quarter
of an inch of plaster of paris, and this with
the prepared paper or canvas. '
♦ — ♦ — •
The olive has been grafted on a juniper 7
a peach on a myrtle, pears on oaks, apples
on plums, mulberries on tigs, a rose on an
orange, carnations on fennel, peaches on
mulberries, and red and white grapes, with
peaches and apricots, on the same stem, .
for, as all 'buds are distinct, the stem fur
nishes nutriment. .. .
■ '.:■•■ .. . • — — '. . ' ( -- ■ . ..,.-.
The Salters' Company, whose trust and
I corporate income amounts to £21,000, gives
I about £7000 a year in charity, besides sup- ;
porting almshouses for many aged couples., '
I 5
.. .. . . . - . ■
. NEW TO-DAY. •.
IWliiliii
\ok DRUC CO.,
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CITRATE
S, DRUGGISTS!
1128 MARKET ST.
BAKER'S AT
TAR Jhfl A POSITIVE ■
B2l^ ZDC^ CURE -
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco Los Angreles. - i
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 75c
Paine's Celery, Compouna/. .. .. ........60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla.......... 650
THE OWLDRUQ CO.
r " CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills ••■••»•••»••*•■•••••■ 35c
Castoria •••■•*•••••••••••••••••••••*•••■. 25c
Syrup of ;Fig5.v..:r.V..V.;..r.V;..:..:..35c ■
Cuticura Resolvent. 70c
Warner's Kidney Cure .:........... .....85c
Allcock's Porous Plasters :'.'. . ". .......... 10c
Carter's and Beecham's Pi 115...... 15s
Allen's Malt Whiskey . . . . : . .*. . . . . . . . . . 85c
Romany 0i1. ..... .... ..... ..... . ..... . . 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWLDRUQ CO. ;
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. 1 :> . .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $O.>S
Daily end Sunday Cam., one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Imiiy and Sunday Cai/.., three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Siipday Call, oue month, by mail.. .65
Sunday t'Ati-, one year, by mat L.. .•.'.."......... 1.60
Wxixly Call, one year, by ncatl 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
: 710 Market Street,
- ■- - Ran Vrancisco, California.
Telephone Main-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone M»ln-J874 ;
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clar: open OBtU
1:80 o'clock. . . .
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
cntil 9 o'clock.
2MB Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
110 HiDih street: open until 9 o'clock. -•
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: , .
Jioomi 81 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY ....MARCH VB, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL..
It was a good day for St. Patrick and
everything was lovely.
If King Menelek were at all civilized he
would never lose this chance of making a
speech.
The Abyssinian crisis seems liable to
cave in at any moment and engulf all
Europe.
The Supreme Court is with the Ken
tucky company some of the time, but not
all of the time.
The Democratic State Committee cer
tainly ripped the local fight up the back,
but failed to kill it.
The Junta will find a profit in shearing
the Buckley lambs, but a bigger and safer
one in skinning them.
If the Cubans do not quit burning towns
they will not leave enough of the island
for anybody to recognize.
Senator Cannon of Utah began his Sena
torial career by firing hot shot at Hoke
Smith and the target was riddled.
If Kentucty Democrats had their way
there would be very little difference be
tween a Senatorial contest and a lynching
party.
Since the recent experience with the
State Committee Buckley's little lambs
have grown just about old enough to feel
sheepish.
The funding scheme has been so weak
ened in committee it will hardly be able
to get into the House, much less pass
through it.
England will march into Central Africa
to help Italy out, and perhaps Russia will
take a hand with Abyssinia to bounce
England out.
As that distinguished Kentuckian, Jack
Chirm, is less famous for talking than for
rutting, he should get his name changed,
to Jack Knife.
As the game looks at present McKinley
is standing pat on protection and Allison
is going him one better as the champion
of protection and reciprocity.
People who once thought Quay's candi
dacy was only a joker have now had time
to remember that the joker sometimes
takes the last trick and wins the game.
In placing the grand cordon of the Order
of St. George upon the breast of King
Menelek the Czar has shown his hand and
Europe sees it is against the Dreibund and
almost ready for war.
The Southern Pacific victory in Ken
tucky has been more than offset by the
people's victory in the Supreme Court.
The monopoly keeps its charter, bnt Cali
fornia can collect taxes.
Carlisle has written a letter on the
money question, but as no one can make
head or tail of it, there is no telling
whether it was intended as an entrance to
the Presidential campaign or a back out.
The settlement of the Venezuelan con
troversy has got far enough along for the
British Embassador and the Venezuelan
Minister to meet with Olney at dinner and
diplomacy has achieved another triumph.
From the promptness with which all
leading Democrats are declining the Presi
dential nomination it seems evident that
for that party at any rate it is going to be
a yellow dog year by the mere force of cir
cumstances.
As the Supreme Court has held that
California can collect taxes from railroads
within her borders, there is reason to ex
pect it will also sustain the right of the
State Railroad Commission to regulate
freights and fares within the State.
Notwithstanding the protests from the
provinces the French Chamber of Deputies
has approved the scheme fox an inter
national exhibition in 1900, and now if
France can only keep the peace of the
world until that time Paris will have her
show.
The expedition up the JJile seems foolish
and is sure to be costly, but after his re
cent experience of the isolation of Eng-
Jand Lord Salisbury may be willing to pay
even a greater price than that for the sake
of getting into touch with the Dreibund
and having allies in time of need.
Though there are no new developments
in the funding bill fight, and though Mr.
Huntington seems to have concluded to
keep his mouth shut for a while at least,
there are still urgent reasons why the
people should bear the light in mind.
When the monopoly is most silent is the
time when the people should be most
watchful.
As an illustration of the way the Demo
cratic tariff is helping farmers it is worth
noting that the wool shipments from
Great Britain to the United States aggre
gated over 13,000,000 pounds last January
against little more than 0,700,000 during
that month of the previous year. That
much of trade was lost to our sheep-raisers
and foreigner got it.
The Inter. Ocean is a Cullom paper, but
in commenting on the canvass of Senator
Allison it says: "Instead of fool friends
he has had friends who are as level headed
as they are loyal. Such a campaign Dolicy
doe* not foment trouble nor embarrass the
post-nomination campaign whoever bears
off the prize." To this praise it may be
added that Allison has won such friends
because he has been worthy oi them.
THE FUNDING TIGHT.
The contest over the railroad refunding
scheme has now reached a critical stage.
It has been so long protracted that to the
general public it has become as wearisome
as a twice-told tale. No new features have
developed of late, and there is danger of a
loss of interest on the part of some who
should be most interested. It is a time,
therefore, when all resolute opponents of
the scheme should be on their guard and
watchful of every move. There is no tell
ing what the cunning managers of the
monopoly interests may attempt as soon
as they believe the people's representatives
are no longer alert and determined.
Ie has been evident from the start that
I the policy of the railroad lobby has been
' to confuse the issue and divide public
I opinion as much as possible. Every con
■ ceivable trick likely to accomplish that
has been resorted to. Many different
schemes of refunding have been advanced
at one time or another. Persistent at
; tempts have been made to raise the ques
tion of Government ownership of the
j roads or some similar plan to distract
j attention from the one issue at stake.
i Over and over airain tne motives of the
! papers and of the men who oppose refund
ing have been aspersed, denounced and
s maligned. Almost every form of evil has
j been attributed to them and every effort
j made to weaken their influence with the
people, and particularly with Congress.
The one object of all these efforts has
been to so distract or confuse the minds of
the members of Congress that they would
become impatient with the subject and
adopt some scheme of the monopoly
simply to get rid of it. The railroad
organs in. Washington and in this City
have been working to that end >with great
vigor and with as much astuteness as they
are capable of. The words of prominent
men in different parts of the State have
been distorted and in some cases deliber
ately falsified for the purpose of mislead
ing Eastern Congressmen as to the pre
vailing sentiment of the State, and every
slur or slander that Huntington could put
forth against the supporters of law and
justice has been repeated and harped on
by his organs in this City with the hope
that even in this State men might be
divided in opinion and rendered the more
easy victims of a scheme that would place
their industries and their commerce in the
power of an exacting monopoly for a cen
tury to come.
The incessant repetition of these mis
statements or deliberate slanders are but
repeated warnings to the people of what
they may expect if they become divided
or cease to be vigilant. Though no new
developments may arise to-day or to-mor
row, there is no telling when the monopoly
may attempt a great stroke and try to rush
a bill through Congress without giving
time for debate or full consideration. That
is the danger ahead. That is the feature
of the contest which to all resolute de
fenders of the people makes it more inter
esting in this seeming quietness than it
has ever been before.
REGULATING STREET RAILROADS
The Oakland City Council is considering
and will doubtless pass an ordinance pro
hibiting the passing of streetcars at street
crossings and requiring that the speed of
meeting cars shall not exceed three miles
an hour. This is well so far as it goes, but
no provision for fenders seems to have
been made. Even as it is, however, Oak
land has gone considerably beyond San
Francisco in protecting the lives of the
people.
The report made by the committee from
the New York State Assembly appointed
to investigate the methods of street rail
way management in the larger cities of
the State should make very good reading
for the Merchants' Association of Ran
Francisco. Passing over that part of the
report which recommends measures pro
hibiting the excessive capitalization of
roads and the adverse report on municipal
ownership, we may glance at the part de
voted, to other matters of particular local
interest. The committee found that the
payment of a lump sum or a percentage of
receipts for franchises was very undesir
able, and that the experiment of having
companies bid against each other for
franchises by offering a percentage of gross
receipts had been found a failure.
In lieu of all other means for disposing
of franchises the committee recommended
that franchises be sold by lease for a stated
period— say thirty years— at public auction
to the company offering the lowest rate of
fare, further reductions to be provided for
when justified by receipts, the State Rail
road Commission to be the arbiters in case
of disagreement between the city and the
company. Further recommendations ad
vocated the sale of thirty tickets for $1,
good between 6 and 8 a. m. and 5 and 7
v. m. whenever the roads' finances enable
them to pay 5 per cent dividends on their
capital stock. Fenders were strongjy
urged. On petition of fifty citizens the
Mayor should have the power to compel
an improvement of the service.
The effect of such regulations would be
a radical change from the unrestricted
power which the companies of San Fran
cisco are now permitted to exercise. The
practical operation of our jaw requiring
franchises to be sold to the highest bidder
has been found to be a failure. The sug
gestion that the company offering the low
est fare should be given the franchise is a
recognition of the principle that any
charge levied by the municipal govern
ment for the exercise of the franchise is a
direct and indirect tax on the people and
that the plan of the lowest fare is a
straightforward way of letting the people
enjoy the benefit of any competition which
may arise for a given franchise. Placing
the franchise on the basis of a lease in
stead of a perpetual right permits of
periodical adjustments by the municipal
ity in the interest of the people.
A LAST MESSAGE.
Among the reports from Armenia none
has been of a nature to cause a profounder
or more lasting impression upon the
Christian world than that whicb has just
made known a letter prepared by the
Gregorian clergy at Urfa at a time when
they stood in the shadow of impending
death and knew that within a brief time
the fearful fate the fanatic Moslems had
dealt out to their brothers would fall upon
them.
Only a brief extract from the letter has
been telegraphed, but that is full of solemn
significance to the civilized world. "A
short time ago," wrote the doomed priests,
"nobody could have believed that at the
end of this nineteenth century a Christian
people could, on account of their loyalty to
Christian civilization, under the very eyes
of Christendom be exterminated by Mos
lem power. Yet just this fearful tragedy
is being consummated to-day and we are
the unhappy victims. We see no signs of
relenting on the part of our destroyers and
no hand is raised or reached out to rescue
us. We have only to say farewell to any
wbo have loved and cared for us and pre
pare ourselves for death, counting our
selves honored in being called to seal our
faith with our lives."
A few days after this letter was sent out
the archpriest and four of the clergy who
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1890.
signed it were put to death. The letter,
therefore, was almost literally sealed with
blood. It comes to the Western world as a
message from the dead and draws an
added influence from the martyrdom of
those who wrote it. The apoeal it contains
will be sure to find a response somehow
and some time from the great heart of
humanity. Evil triumphs for a time, but
sooner or later justice is done and all the
sooner when the evil becomes so great as
to render itself intolerable and abhorrent
to the common instincts of men.
THE SECRETAKY'S LETTEE.
The letter addressed by Secretary Carlisle
to Congressman Patterson of Tennessee
was evidently intended for publication,
and was doubtless the result of an under
standing between the two gentlemen. Mr.
Patterson had written to Mr. Carlisle ask
ing for his statement concerning the
charges made by Congressman Crisp that
the Secretary had abused his power in dis
criminating against silver and in Tavor of
gold in the handling of treasury funds.
Mr. Carlisle has made the desired state
ment, and its publication would not have
occurred without his consent. The Secre
tary has made a very able defense, which
on its face appears to be a refutation of
Mr. Crisp's charges. He asserts that in
stead of discriminating against silver he
has really favored it, going to the length
of making the Government bear the ex
press charges on silver seat out in redemp
tion of silver certificates on treasury notes
of 1890, deposited for that purpose, while
requiring all who demand gold to pay for
its transportation.
as Secretary Carlisle is understood to be
the one particular candidate of the Cleve
land administration for the Presidency,
thi.s amusing letter has a special interest.
If it prove 3 nothing more it shows that
the pressure of silver advocates is hurting
the golden coVns of the administration
and that the Cleveland wing of the Dem
ocracy is anxious for the friendship of the
silver men. But the Secretary's ingenious
letter will hardly deceive the South and
the North. Nothing that he can write
will undo the blazoned record of the ad
ministration of which he is the chief lieu
tenant. It is even conceivable that the
able Secretary, while supporting tbe single
gold standard on the broader lines which
have so firmly established it, deliberately
performed all the minor acts friendly to
silver which he has narrated, for the sole
purpose of being able to produce for pub
lication the interesting letter which Con
gressman Patterson has given to the pub
lic.
It is remembered that a severe pressure
on the gold , reserve in the treasury has
existed for some time, and that the Cleve
land administration has been compelled to
adopt desperate measures for maintaining
it. „ A large "popular loan" to protect it
was one of them. It is hardly conceivable
that the Secretary would recklessly squan
der this reserve and deliberately violate
the law by paying out gold when silver
was demanded, especially in view of the
fact that the maintenance of - the reserve
was a more . important consideration with
the administration .than any fear that ad
herence"" to the gold standard would
antagonize the "silver fanatics" of the
South "and West. i The administration,
sitting down quietly to count its golden
toes, now finds some of them bruised, and
is seeking to heal them with a plating of
silver. The Secretary's letter is a special
plea for the support of the silver wing of
the Democracy in his candidacy for the
Presidential nomination, and is an un
worthy exhibition by the goldbugs' idol.
THE TOSEMITE ROADS.
The disclosures made in Tuesday's Call
concerning the probable intent and in
evitable effect of the passage of the bill in
Congress for the purchase by the Govern
ment of the Yosemite toli roads requires
minute investigation by those whose duty
it is to protect the Government against
trickery. The matter seems to have been
brought to the public attention first by
A. C. Maude, a member of the California
Bureau of Highways. The proposition of
the bill introduced in the House by Con
gressman Grove L. Johnson is that the
Government buy the four toll roads run
ning "ovsr" the Yosemite National Park
at a cost of $2G8,G50 and make them free,
leaving the parts of the same roads out
side the reservation in the present owner
ship and subject to tolls. It is believed
that this pleasant arrangement would re
lieve the owners of the expense of main
taining the most difficult parts of the road
and not disturb their power to levy tolls as
at present on all who visit the valley.
If this is the truth it is shameful and the
project Bhould De defeated. There are
much better ways for the expenditure of
that amount of money in California by
the Government. The amount provided
for in the Johnson bill is nearly $20,000
more than that asked for by the Miners'
Association to be added to the appropri
ation made by the State of California for
the construction of works for impounding
debris. It is so difficult to secure money
from Congress for really useful improve
ments in California that the apparent
readiness to make the appropriation for
the purchase of the Yosemite roads does
not bear a very pleasant aspect.
Of course the purchase of these roads
would be only the beginning of the
expense connected with them. They will
have to be kept in order, and that means
an annual appropriation. The project for
the construction of a steam road up the
Merced River is now assured and is in the
hands of responsible capitalists. Such a
road will greatly weaken the argument for
the Government purchase of the wagon
roads, as the expense of entering the valley
will be bo much reduced both for freight
and passengers that the necessity for
wagon roads will be practically eliminated.
It may be merely a coincidence that the
proposition to purchase these roads comes
concurrently with the project of the steam
road, which -will seriously impair their
value, but the whole affair has not an
agreeable look. These remarks are made
merely as suegestions. The case seems to
deserve fuller consideration than it has
received. At all events the California
delegation should be made acquainted
with the matter in its entirety.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
A Leap-Year Opportunity.— She — Do you
think it would be unmaidenly for a girl to pro
pose to a man?
He— Certainly not, if she is rich enough for
two.— New York Sun.
First Boarder— They say the new Spanish
commander is a butcher.
Second Boarder— Pity our landlady can't go
to Cuba! She'd soon get the better of him —
Puck.
"Your daughter has had a great many ad
mirers?"
"Oh, yes; she puts nearly all her window
curtains on the rods with her old engagement
rings." —Chicago Record.
Old Mr. Fussy— Matilda, has that young man
gone yet?
His Daughter— Why, yes, papa.
Old Mr. Fussy— H'm! You were so still that
I thought he was there yet.— New York Truth.
"There, there I" said Mrs. Blue-Myrrh, pick
ing up her little boy, who had stubbed his toe,
"Don't cry. Be a man, like mamma."—lndian
apoll* Journal.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
James Hickey, who nsed to be a member of
the stock board here and who has mined in
different parts of California and the coast, is
attheßuss. For some time past he has been
interested in mines at Silver Peak, Eamerulda
County, Nev.
Esineralda is a large county with varied in
terests, but tbe silver mines, he say*, can
scarcely be worked now when silver is as low
as it is. One other thing that is somewhat
detrimental besides the existing price is the
distance from a railroad.
The Silver Peak mines are forty-five miles
north of Candolaria, which is in the same
county, but unlike tbe latter they carry a good
deal of gold. Not far away are the Silver Star
properties, the most noted of which is the
Hardscrabble.:
These properties carry gold entirely, there be-
James Mickey. Who Is Mining at Silver
Peak.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
ing no Bilverorlead, so he says. One of the
Yerringtons got a bond on this same mine some
months ago, and for a time it was reported the
Hardscrabble group was Bold, but such does
not appear now to have been the case.
"They are not doing anything at Candelaria
now," said Mr. Hickey. "The mine of that
name is closed down and has been for a long
time. Not a pound of ore is coming out.
"I don't suppose either there are over twenty
five men in the camp. You see the mines are
all silver and therefore nothing is being done.
The miners will have to wait a little while till
things get better.
"But Esmeralda is a great county and has
vast areas of wealth, notwithstanding these
things. Part of the wealth is in borax beds,
which are in different localities and which are
nearly all owned by Smith of Oakland, the
borax king."
Mr. Hickey is a miner of many years experi
ence and is said to be a good judge of mines.
He is well known on the Pacific Coast.
Robert J. Burdette, the humorist who made
the Burliugton Hawkeye famous, will be here
in a few days. He is on a lecturing tour.
When Burdette was on the coast last, which
was some three or four years ago, he preached
In some of the churches. It is said that on this
trip, however, he will be simply a humorist.
it wa9 a strange career that Burdette and
the Hawkeye had. Burdette went on the pa
per in the little lowa town at that time almost
unknown and in a brief time attracted such
attention that bis stories . and boa mots were
quoted | all over the country. . This . ,waa , long
before the days of Bill Nye and before his pa
per in Cheyenne, the Boomerang:, was ever
heard of. ' Lewis of tne Detroit Free Press, bet
ter known as'M. Quad, was a contemporary of
Burdette, and aside from those there was only
Bailey of the Danbury ; News ' and the genius
who scintillated in the Oil City Derrick, who
had any prominence ma similar style of writ
ing. - ....
Petroleum V. Nasby of the Toledo Blade,
who wrote his celebrated "Confederate X
Road" stories, and Josh Billings attained
celeDrity in somewhat other lines. Their
articles were much fewer and longer, and addi
tional interest was added by the queer spell
ing they used.
As for the Hawkeye, under Frank Hatton as
the managing editor and fiurdette as the
humorist, it was only a brief period until it
attained fame. The character of the paper for
extraordinary business was maintained for
many years. There came a time, however,
when the Hawkeye had to take a back seat.
Fast mail trains were put on, reaching to and
from all principal cities and towns, and these
delivered the big Chicago and St. Louis papers
into Burlington when the Hawkeye was barely
off the press.
This was competition strong. The papers
from these great cities could and did print far
more special and general news tnan the Bur
lington local paper, while they also gave suc
cinct reports of important local news.
It was a new era in journalism in the river
cities of lowa. Mr. Burdette about this time
changed his residence to the Atlantic Coast.
Mr. Hatton went to Chicago and Washington.
Ever since then the humorist of the'old Hawk
eye has made his home in New York and
Brooklyn, though he has, as formerly, trav
eled a great deal, and delivered many lectures.
He is to speak in this City on March 24.
LONELY.
I sit In my chamber lonely, and the city's pulses
beat
As th*> human wavelets ebb and flow along the
dark.' nl ok str»et,
And the lamp-lightH glance and quiver on the
forms of passers-by.
And the hum of ten thousand voices goes up to
the evening sky.
And little scraps of music and -broken sounds of
mlrtli . : . ' ;- '
Rise up beneath the silent stars and float away
from earth. . ■.
And I sigii to think the music, the laughter and
• the glee : -. . '■; . .' ; „-
That rise from the great city are strangers all to
* me. •-' - '- ■•'■ ■ ' . ' ■" ■ ■ ~ • ■ ■
So I sit beside my window and gaze Into the night,
I'iU the sounds and scenes around me are lose to
sense and sight.
And my ears hear other voices with a sweet fa
miliar tone,
And time and space nave vanished, and I'm no
more alone.
Dear voices fill the darkness, dear faces crowd the
gloom,
And forms I love move silently about my silent
room.
I hold my breath to listen and I close my eyes to
see
The voices and the faces that speak of home to me
Owkn Halt,, in Harper's Weekly.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Dr. Sheepshanks, the Anglican Bishop of
Norwich, is an enthusiastic cyclist, and often
rides on Sunday.
Hannis Taylor, American Minister in Spain,
is an Alabaman who is not easily alarmed at
hostile demonstrations.
Miss Jane Eyre, who has just been graduated
from a Pennsylvania normal school, is a full
blooded Pawnee Indian.
Charles Hodges of Sharpsburg, Ky., is anx
ious for a college education, and for the past
two years has paid for his schooling by mend
ing shoes.
United States Senator Sewell of New Jersey
was born in the County of Mayo, Irelana, and
came to this country in 1851, a penniless or
phan, at the age of IG.
General T. L. James, formerly Postmaster-
General, saia at a lecture in 'New York, the
other night, that our postal system is infinitely
superior to thst of any other country.
The death of Prince Henry of Battenberg
has caused the Queen unexpected and unwel
come anxiety on a subject which she had
thought was finally settled— namely, her will.
It has been an open secret that to.c Queen in
tended that Prince and Princess Henry should
after her death have Balmoral as their home.
PERSONAL.
S. N. Griffith of Fresno is here.
F. Haynor of Phoenix, Arizona, is in town.
J. W. Prosser of Davenport, lowa, is at the
Palace.
Dr. B. Friedlander of Berlin arrived here last
night.
C. \V. Gaffey, an old resident of Montana, is
in the City.
L. P. Lowe, a business man of Pasadena, is at
the Grand.
J. M. Mannon of Uklah was a guest of the
Lick yesterday.
Judge C. O. Clarke of Sisklyou is among the
recent arrivals here.
W. E. Morford, Deputy* Street Superintendent
of Los Angeles, is in the City.
Allen C. BiegK, editor of the Reno Gazette,
arrived in San Francisco yesterday.
Edward Henderson, a^ prominent stock raiser
of Plush, Oregon, is at the Cosmopolitan.
W. C. Waters, superintendent of the sugar
refinery at Watsonville, is at the Palace.
E. B. Willis, the editor of the Sacramento
Record-Union, is In town on a brief trip.
Rev. J. W. McGucckin, dean of the university
of Ottawa, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
\V. S. Robinson, a merchant and large land
owner of Grass Valley, is at the Occidental.
D. J. Humphrey, a merchant and mine
owner of Juneau, Alaska, is at the Cosmopoli
tan.
Hon. Enoch Strother of Virginia City, Nev.,
is in the City. Mr. Strother is one of the solid
citizens of the Silver State.
J. P. Nichols, who is engaged in mining at
Sutter Creek, and who has recently been at Salt
Lake, arrived here yesterday.
Mrs. O. W. Ruggles of Chicago, wife of Gen
eral Passenger Agent Kuggles of the Michigan
Central Railroad, is at the Palace.
About forty excursionists, largely from Penn
sylvania, and sent out by the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, are at the Palace.
H. U. Buhne, the wealthy pioneer of Eureka,
who is interested in tugboats, lumbering and
different other projects, is at the Grand.
W. E. Holm, general freight agent, and F. A.
Wadleigh, general passenger agent, of the Rio
Grande Western Railway, are in the City.
Among the arrivals at the California yester
day was Dr. J. H. Chalifaux of Montreal, Can
ada, and Dr. Louis P. A. Donori oi Haverhill,
Mass.
Dr. E. A. Ross, professor of finance at Stan
ford University, is in town, and will lecture
to-night at the Academy of Sciences upon
"The Social Diffusion of Enjoyment."
Katherine C. Wambold, a missionary who is
en route to Seoul, will arrive here in a few days
and will sail on April 8, accompanied by Miss
Strong, daughter of the late Judge Strong of
Portland.
Bill Lange, the California baseba'l player,
who has been the Stanford coach for the last
month, left last night for Gaiveston, Tex.,
where he will resume his high-salaried posi
tion as center fielder in the Chicago nine.
G. Wharton James of Pasadena, the agent of
the Southern California Hotel Men's Associa
tion, is in the City. lie has come in the inter
est of the National Hotel Men's Assdciation,
which is to visit the State during the next four
weeks.
Mrs. R. Clarke Wheeler of Aspen, Colorado,
wife of Professor B. Clark Wheeler, one of the
earliest pioneers of Aspen, and best known
mining expert in that State, is at the Palace.
Professor Wheeler is the owner of large mining
interests there and in other parts of Colorado.
General John S..dioti£sa>na£Eowa and Hon.
William H. Andrews of Pennsylvania, who are
the friends of Senators Allison and Quay, re
spectively, in their candidacy for the forth
coming Presidential nomination, left over the
Shasta route last night for Oregon and Wash
ington.
W. D. Duke, who for three or years past
has been superintendent of the Haggin &
Hearst cattle ranch in New Mexico and
Chihuahua, and has been in this section for
some three weeks, returned yesterday from
Batavia, where for some time past he has been
visitiDg friends. He is at the California.
W. H. H. Hunt of Walla Walla, the builder
of the Hunt system ol railroad 3 in AVashing
ton, who has been in California a good deal for
the past two years, arrived here yesterday
after a visit to. Oregon and Washingion. He
says it is pretty quiet in the Northwest and he
does not look for it to get decidedly better till
after the coming Presidential election.
Charles F. Hoff of Tucson, who is at the Occi
dental, says the health of Wfiitelaw Reid has
greatly improved since he came to Arizona,
ana that the six delegates from that Territory
to the Republican National Convention will
undoubtedly be for him for President. Mr.
Reid has rented the finest house he could get
in Phoenix, and intends to stay there a long
time.
J. K. Choate, president of the Overland Cot
ton-mill Company, Denver; Henry R. VVolcott,
president of the Argo Smelting Works, brother
of United States Senator E. O. Wolcott, and C.
G. Codman, of Denver, arrived yesterday and
are at the Palace. Mr. Choate says the Cripple
Creek boom is getting bigger each day and that
he believes Denver is on the most prosperous
basis now of any city in the country.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V,, March 17.— Among
recent arrivals were: A. If. Dockham, T. F.
Lynch, Grand Union ; J.L. Feichtmann, Broad
way Central; M. P. Hammatt, Belvidere; Miss
E. V. Hobart, Mrs. C. E. Lester. Miss S. E. Vas
saule, Holland; C. \Y. Merrill, Hoffman; W.
Weneman, Savoy; L. Brosin, Plaza. J. Louis
Feichtmann and Gerald R. Lumley were
among the passengers who sailed on the
steamship Saale for Bremen.
A CAVE OF TREES.
One of the most curious and beautiful sights
in Contra Costa County can be found on the
hills of San Pablo Point, only a few hundred
feet from the bay shore and about fifty feet
above ihe tide level. It is a natural cave of
oak trees, and its existence is largely due to
the presence of a spring that flows from the hill
side.
At first glance the cave would not impress
a person as particularly unusal, &a it has much
Cave Formed by Oak Trees on San Pablo
Point.
[Sketched by a " Call" artist.]
the appearance of hundreds of other groups o
oak trees that can be seen in the vicinity. It
is in the bottom of a ravine that runs from
north to south, and on being approached
closely presents the appearance of a cavern of
inky blackness. There is a large pooi of water
at the entrance, and several old oaks spring
from among bowlders on either side, the
branches meeting overhead and also extending
out on both sides until they completely fill the
ravine.
It is the inside of the cave that is the most
curious, however. Stepping back a few feet
and looking up not the faintest ray of light can
be seen, so dense is the growth of leaves and
branches. Ten feet back from the mouth of
the cave one stands in a soft twilight, and fifty
feet back the entrance can scarcely be seen.
At the end of the cave where the spring is it is
as dark as midnight. The entrance cannot be
seen from this point as the ravine makes a
slight turn. It is impossible to proceed
farther because the spring comes from beneath
a large rock that completely blocks the way.
It would be impossible fora person to tell
what the sides of the cave were made of even
ten feet back from the entrance. They appear
so dense the impression Is that there must be
rocks on all sides. But a careful examination
with the aid of a lamp reveals a most in
tricate «etwork of leaves and branches. The
abundance of water supplied by the spring has
given the trees a phenomenal growth. It has
also been the means of causing a growth of
vines of different kinds. These are so thick
they form a perfect wall that it would be im
possible to get through without cutting a pas-
sage.
The cave is about eight feet wide and seven
feet high and is the same size from end to end.
of ita sixty feet. The stream of water at the
bottom is so wide that it is necessary to step
from rock to rock to avoid walking in it.
Even on hot days the temperature of the cave
is cool and pleasant.
CONFUSION ON THE CONTINENT.
Abyssinia is justifying its name. It is, in
deed, the "Land of Mixtures." It is causiug a
prodigious mixture of affairs among the great
powers of Europe. Not for many years have
the dissolution of the Triple League, the forma
tion of new alliances and the general redistribu
tion of the balance of jpower seemed co immi
nent as now. A single decisive victory of King
Menelek's forces has thrown the whole conti
nent into confusion. It is also a pretty bit of
what we call the irony of fate that the power
which first adopted' extreme militarism as a
system should now strike that system in Eu
rope so staggering a blow. That power was
Abyssinia. Long before Sedan, or even
Sadowa, King Theodore made of his realm
one mighty camp. He organized the stand
ing array on a greater scale, propor
tionately, than that of any European
power to-day. It was that fact that
aroused disaffection toward him amone his
own people, made the conquest of his capital
by the British so easy— a curious paradox— and
drove him to suicide. And now European
militarism conies into contact with the rem
nants of his system and is almost shattered by
the shock.
The utter selfishness of the Great Powers
was never more strikingly shown than
in this crisis. Italy had been impov
erishing herself and shedding her very
heart's blood for the sake of her
allies. And now, in her dire distress, those al
lies pass by on the other side, offering her not
even their sympathy. Their only message is
the brutal remark that she is beaten and
ruined and may as \re.l own up to it. To-mor
row they will be as ready to. prey upon her and
despoil her as they have hitherto been to use
her for their own ends. No wonder
King Humbert resents their so-called
advice and resolves to stand or fall on
his own chosen jrround. But what a pity it is
that he will not at once sever the fatal bonds
that bind him to his cynical and self-seeking
allies, and raise the standard of "Italy for
Italians and for Italian interests." Then he
might restore prosperity and prestige, and
make his Kingdom once more worthy of its
old renown.— New York Tribune.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Put His Foot in It.
San Jose Mercury.
When Mr. Huntington set the funding trap
he little imagined that perverse fate would
force him to put his own foot in it.
Just as Significant.
Redwood City Times-Gazette.
Railroad Magistrate C. P. Huntington's re
mark, "I am content if one man thinks well of
me, and that man is C. P. Huntingdon," may
not be as epigrammatic as the late W. H. Van
derbilt's, "Tho public be damned," but it is just
as significant.
Competition.
Fresno Republican.
And now there is talk of telephone competi
tion in California, and it looks as though the
talk would be followed by action. Competition
has been the great peed of the coast for years
past, and thera will soon be great improve
ment in that respect.
Where the Climate Is Good.
Stockton Independent.
Roses in full bloom, fruit trees in blossom
and birds singing in the branches of trees that
are sending out their young leaves make life
delightful in San Joaquin County at this time,
when the East is frozen hard aud people are
suffering with the cold.
An Attractive Exhibit.
Los Angeles Times.
If we could only corral one of these perfect
days and set it down In the midst of the frozen
and sleet-pelted East it would excite more won
der than all the recent marvelous discoveries
of science. But it would need to be carefully
labeled in order to have it recognized there as
a genuine California March day.
Here and There.
Santa Barbara News.
While the English philanthropists are boom
ing the Chicago fad of the Permanent Arbitra
tion tribunal for England and the United
States, and are protesting ''How we love you,
Jonathan," the English politicians and money
king»are patting Spain upon the back and
egging on other powers to resist our proposi
tion to recognize the belligerency of the Cuban
insurrectionists.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
Henry Irving— a. B. C. & Co., City. Henry
Irving is the stage name of John Henry
Broadrip. He was born at Keinton, Somerset
shire, Eng., February 6, 1838. He received a
public-school education and entered the office
of an East Indian merchant in 1852, studied
elocution and made his first appearance on
the stage at the Lyceum Theater, Sunderland,
Eng., in the character of Richelieu, September
29, 1856.
Seaman's Eights— A Reader, City. To the
direct question "Can a seaman vote for a Presi
dential candidate if he arrived only a day be
fore the election ?" the answer is no and yes.
No, if the seaman is not a citizen of the United
States; no, if a citizen of the United States, but
not a citizen of the port at which he lands.
Yes, if he, at the time pc left the port of ship
ping, was a qualified citizen and elector of that
place, and should return to it the day before
election, for a man does not lose his residence
because engaged in navigation, but it he ar
rived, say in San Francisco (where registration
closes thirty days before election) on the day
before election he would have to make appli
cation to the Registrar's office for a certificate
to enable him to cast his ballot.
To Drill Glass— W. W. 8., Oakland, Cal. A
writer in an article on drilling glass says:
"Wet an ordinary drill with petroleum or ben
zine—turpentine will answer, but not so well.
It will then bore common glass as rapidly as
steel. If it is intended to bore through, the
glass should be first countersunk on each side
with a drill dressed off so as to form a very flat
three-nded pyramid. Flint and plate glass are
very difficult to bore. It has been ascertained
that dilute sulphuric »oid is much more
effective, with less wear of the tool, tuan oil of
turpentine. It is stated that glass castings for
pump barrels, etc., are drilled, planed and
bored like iron ones, and in the same lathes
and machinery, by the aid of sulphuric acid.
Big Bug— E. G. 8., Livermore, Cal. "Big brig"
is an Americanism' which Is a disrespectful
bitt common allusion to persons of wealth or
with other claims to distinction. Its variants
are "bift dog," big wig" and "great gun." In
Widow Bedott's papers is found:
Samson Savage is one of the big bugs, that
is. she has got more money than almost anybody
in town. '
In 1851, the New York Times, in commenting
on English affairs, used the following:
The free and easy manner in which the hair
brained Sir Robert Peel described the big bues at
Moscow brought him into difficulty.
Di Verei in his Americanisms, sas's: ' i
Persons of great .wealth and ' distinction are
irrevorently called - big bugs, • and 1 1 street Wash.
Inston, is thus said to be- inhabited •by Amim,,
dors and other bfg bugs. J. C. Neal makes a n"ce
distinction when he says of a. rich man without
social Importance, "He : In one of your bie bn",
with more money than brains." - - ? >? bUsa
The Stamp Languagk-E. H. R., City. There
are as many languages of stamps as there are
seta of two or more persons who may arrange
stamps in a particular manner on the envelon*
and apply a meaning to each stamp. One in
dividual, who has published the following de-"
Clares it has been adopted the world ove7-
AY hen a stomp is inverted on the upper right
hand corner.it means the person w'ittefirn
shall write no more. If the stamp is piiJS O1 °
the upper lefthand comer and inverted, then
7 limb" u?e an"* * SUfe rdief f ° r " %aiaS in the back> side> chest> or ■
z Allrnrf c Porous 5-
S -TXIIWUdV O Plaster \
■■■■ ■ '■ ■' " " -■ : '■ : ■',-■._■ ■■. ■•: ■ .-■ ..- - \". . - ■ ■ - ■ »;v A^Us lvl :' 7
■'•■■■' uli B ? AR IN MiND^-Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita- \
,P^ tioits is as good as the genuine. :; , •-.-.., ~_ :.'■
the writer declares his affection for the re
ceiver of the letter. When the Btamp^is in the
center at the top it signifies an affirmative
answer to a question, or to the question as the
case may be. When it is at the bottom or op
posite this, it signifies a negative. Should the
stamp be on the righthand corner at right
angles, it asks the Question if the receiver
loves the sender; while if in a like pos itton In
the lefthand corner, it means that the writer
hates the other. There is a shade of difference
between desiring one's acquaintance and
friendship; the stamp at the upper corner of
the right expresses the former, and at the lett
hand lower corner means the latter. me
writer wishes the receiver of a letter to accept
his or her love by placing the stamp on the <*
line with the surname, and the response is
made if the party is engaged by placing tne
stamp in the same place, but reversing It.
LADY'S APRON.
This useful garment speaks for itself. An
apron large enough to be of use, and trim as
this need not have its "raison d' etre" pointed
out. For very rough work enameled cloth or
rubber is used. v, >7 ;
Denim or blue jeans makes a heavy at>ron
that will last indefinitely. •
Ginghams, heavy cambric or cotton duck are
serviceable materials. *
Made of white lawn, cambric or batiste it
form3a garment much appreciated by ladies
whose only household cares consist of light
dusting. " •■"■■■ • : -
California glaeeMruits, 50c lb. Townnend's.*
» ♦ — ♦—
"We had a very pleasant discussion in re
gard to Napoleon at our club 10-day," she
said.
"Then I suppose you know all about him
now," he replied. .
"Yes, indeed," she responded promptly,
"He's the man the magazines have been boom
ing for the last year or two." — Chicago Post.
■ __: — • — » • . . . ■ .
Standard paper patterns and Delineator for
April. Domestic S. M. office, 1021 Market st. •
■■ ~~ — ~ — • — • — — ■.
Dinwiddie — I understand that horseflesh as
flood is growing in favor on the Continent of
Europe.
■ Van Bramm— I have gathered the same idea
from my reading, and I have wondered if red.
haired people prefer the meat of the white
horses.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
«. — «. — «
fPECTAi, inloimaUon daily to manufacture: %
business bou&es and public men by the Pran
Clipping .bureau (Allan's), 510 Montgomery. '
• — «. — •
It took only one rib for a woman, but it takes
several to make a good umbrella.—
Times-Journal. ■■-■••■ . Ar
"I was afflicted with eczema on both my ankles
I took Hood's £ar.sitparl!la and used Hood's Olive
Ointment and It, disappeared." • Charles. Behrens,
Ml Broadway, San Francisco, CaL' r.i a
''. ' '" ' '. ; — — . ' ;.).■■•••:.-. t
Corona —Atmosphere is perlectly- dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the inlsts com
mon further Dorth. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including iiiteen days' board at tbe Hotel del
Coronndo, $tiO: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Is'ew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
• — ♦ ■»
,lF TBOUBXED WITH Ebonchitis or Asthma
try at once Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant, an old
established medicine for all. Coughs, Colds and
Lung affections. r -.Ki i.:." . ■
* — -• — ; —^— i ;••..*< 'v •;;.;
"Pshaw, he only married you for spite."
"I know it, and he ought to be satisfied.
He's getting all the spite I can give him."—
New York Evening World.
I ■ r-r— _ Z Z
NEW TO-DAY.
FREE
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREg
With Our ..,.-:','.
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 50c Tea 5...... .Cost 75c elsewhere**
Our 40c Teas . . . .J... ...... Cost 60c elsewhere
Our 35c Teas.. .......Cost 50c elsewhere
Our 30c Teas ......... ...Cost 40c elsewhere
Our 25c Teas..... ......Icost 35c elsewhere
Our 20c Teas . . ....;.. ... .... Cost 30c elsewhen •
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAI.
Great American liportii Tea Co. 'j
. .% 1344 -Market st. S. F.
f^Ti -*■ — uMjirr 965 Market st.. S. F.
miC^Ktzit 140 Sixth st.. S. F.
Wki&£g£' 017 Kearny St.. S. P.
HSi/ ■ ' 1419 Polk 5t., S.F.
521 Montgomery aye.; S. P #
Mnilirif 333 Hayes St., 5. P.
MuNllY" 146 Ninth St., 5. F.
in unfa ■ . 21 8 ThJrd4t . t 5. F
ft Hlf Ilin 2008 Flllmore st., S. P.
SAVING 2510 Mission St., S. F.
wfiw lIIU . 3006 Sixteenth st., s. p.
ATAiiPA 104 Second St., 5. F. v
STORES' 3250 Mission St.. 5. P.
UIUIILUI 52 Market St., S.F.
Ab»*.^-^s==« 917 Broadway, Oakland.
S&CI^SX" 9 1053 Washington st., Oak'd.
HHKf ' 131 San Pablo aye.. Oakl'd.
IfflJ*— *g^ 616 B. Twelfth St., Oakland.
1355 Park st.. Alameda.
TRY OUR
Monev-Savlnz Prices ) <AA f n
"AT OUR . f I Iff i A *V
Money Saving Stores) xv v Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.WE D XESDAY MARCH 18, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baidtttn Theater.— "A Milk White Flag."
California Theater—" Capt. Impudence; " or
Mexico." i
Coi vmbia Theater— "A Texas !-teer."
I.obobco's Oi-ERA-HorßK— -Hoopof Gold."
1 JVf.j.i OpERA-HorsE.— "Maritana.'
OSTHBUIC— H:;h-Clnss Vaudeville.
1 hi- ArniTOßirM- Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— Anna Eva Kay.
Pkoot the C'hi-tks— Dally at Baight street,
tne tlock east of th<» Park.
1 4CU--JC Coast Jockey Clttb.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By GEa F. Lamson- This day (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 8228 Union street, at 11 o clock.
By Gko. F. Lamson. — Thursday, March 19,
Furniture, at -JP'-^ Clay street, at 11 o'clock.
By H. j. Lki-thoi/tz.— This day (Wednesday),
Chairs, eic. at 773 Market si., at 11 o'clocn.
By Vox Rhejn Co. — Thursday, March. 21,
£e«i Estate, at baJesroom, 513 California street,
»t 12 o" clock.
By G. H. Imbrex <fc. Co.-Monday, March 30
Keal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street
ai 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Brief City item? nre to be found on this page
of the Call every day.
Company F, First Regiment, N. Q. C, elected
two lieutenants last night.
"Fair Wednesday" is promised by Local
Forecast Official A. G. McAdle.
Judge Hunt has rendered an Interesting
decision referring to the payment of lod?e
dues.-
The Knights of St. Patrick" celebrated Ire
land's holiday with a brilliant banquet last
night.
Maybell's "Army of Heaven Here" is fitting
up new quarters on Braanan street, near
Ninth.
The Painters' and Decorators' Union will in
crease the initiation fee irom 25 cents to $10
after Monday evening.
The directors of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad have answered Sidney Smith's
suit to have them ousted.
Ernest McCullough writes In regard to the
duties and powers of the Board ol Fublic
W orks under the proposed charter.
The winners at Ingleside yesterday were:
Kingstreet. The Judge, Mobalasea, Aladdiu,
Babe Murphy, Sir Yassar and ToaDO.
The residents of the Mission district are filled
with a progressive spirit over ihe prospects of
getting a high school and a public park.
Dr. Abrahams treated Rae Alexander by
hypnotism for the writers' cramp, and be
cause she refuses to pay he has sued her.
There will be a great labor union mass-meet
ing in Metropolitan Temple on Saturday even
ing under the auspices of the striking painters.
Mrs. Kate McNamara, -11 West Mission street,
was arrested yesterday for cruelty to her chil
dren, who were sent to the Youths' Directory.
The Woman's State Central Republican Clud
will hold a meeting at 8 o'clock this evening
in the parlors oi the Baldwin Hotel by order of
the president.
The streetcar transfer committee of the Mer
chants' Association held a special meeting yes
terday morning and formulated a reply to
Manager Yining.
The Irish Nationalists of San Francisco held
their twenty-fifth grand anniversary ball un
der the auspices of the Knights of the Red
Branch last night at Odd Fellows' Hall.
There was not a single delinquency in re
sponse to the call for the fifth assessment of 10
per cent on the stock of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad Company.
Daniel Mahoney. pugilist and ex-fireman,
while arunk attacked Theodore Van BusHrk
and Eddie Hanlin on Larkin and Ellis streets
with a revolver yesterday morning and was
arrested.
The preliminary examination of D. J. Mc-
Rea. one of the striking lathers, on the charge
of assaulting Peter Trade with intent to com
mit murder, was commenced before Judge Low
yesterday afternoon.
It is reported that C. J. Smith of the Oregon
Improvement Company may act as mediator
to settle the differences between the Southern
Pacific Company and the Oregon .Railway and
Navigation Company. i
The thirty-ninth anniversary ball and mili
tary and naval dril] of the California Garrison
No. 101 of the Regular Army and Navy Union,
Is! nisrht at the Mechanics' Pavilion, was
a pTonovnced success.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald argued all day
yesterday for the defense in the case of the
Southern Pacific against the Railway Comrnis
f ion, which case is in progress before Judge
McKenna of the United States Circuit Court.
Joseph Graham, a cook, living on Lexington
avenue, deserted his wife and five young chil
dren last December, leaving them destitute,
and yesterday the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children took charge of the case.
The California State Protective Association,
composed of some 8000 wholesale and retail
liquor-dealers throughout the State of Cali
fornia, have begun an agitation for as3oo-a
-year license and a censorship over retail
liquor-dealers' licenses.
The Fair case has gone over until to-mor
row morning. The attorneys were all in
court, but it was found that Mr. Delmas had
not been furnished with a copy of Monday's
proceedings, ana so further time was granted
until the testimony can be transcribed.
Edward Nettleton, a police officer, has peti
tioned the court for a writ of mandate com
pelling the Poiice Commissioners to retire him
on half pay. He says that in the discharge of
his duty he Has become almost blind, and that
when he applied for retirement and a pension
it was refused him. He was appointed April
24, 1878.
Mrs. Harmon, divorced wife of Dr. Francis
C. Harmon of Oakland, was married on Satur
day evening to Albert A. Whee'er and they are
now living at the Golden West Hotel. Dr. Har
mon recently created a sensation by trying to
board a f teainer clandestinely, bound for Brit
ish Columbia, to avoid the payment of alimony
to his wife.
The ecclesiastical council rendered a Scotch
verdict in the Dr. Brown case last night on the
question as to the alleged undue relations of
tnat clergyman with Mrs. Stockton and Miss
Overman, but censured him for having vio
lated all the rules that go to make a gentle
man and a minister in the intimitiation cases.
Miss Overman's testimony about the letters
was not believed and Dr. Brown's explanation
as to why he paid $ 500 to Mrs. Davidson was
not satisfactory. The verdict will be presented
to the church to-night.
Seeking a AVider Field.
Dr. V. G. Veckl, the well-known San Jose
physician, seeking a more extended field of
usefulness has located at 22 Geary street, this
City. He still retains his San Jose offices.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
Lincoln Pays Thomas Post a Fraternal
Visit— The Santa Cruz En
campment*
A regular meeting of George H. 'i'homas
post, G. A. R., was held last evening. The
session was enlivened by a fraternal visit
of Lincoln Post.
It is not violating any secrets of tbe ses
sion to say that, as the commander of
Lincoln and the commander of Thomas
Post sat together side by side on the plat
form, the comrades ass-enibled admired
the beauty as well as the talent in the
commanding station. Comrade W. R.
Smedberg was present in good oratorical
Orders have been promulgated from De
partment Commander Wilson announcing
the encampment at Santa Cruz, begin
ning April 22. The railroad charge will be
reduced for the round trip so as to De full
fare going and one-third fare returning.
Santa Cruz hotels and restaurants an
nounce material reduction from the regu
lar charges. .
It is ktiown tbat the questions of Vet
erans' Home management will be fully
dwussed at the Santa Cruz encampment,
and the attendance promises to be large.
Among the prominent candidates for
department commander is T. V. Masteller.
ji^sistant adjutant-general and a member
of Lincoln Post. He has already received
many substantial indorsement*, and so
will enter the contest with positive strength
on the first ballot.
Wonsr Sam Cane.
The Wong Sam Cf.fie was continued before
United States Commissioner Heacock yCEter
3ay. Several Chinese witnesses were exam
ined, and all; testified that the accused had
tfferedi them a commission to sell a Chinese
slave girl. They were Ehown a photograph ot
Ivong Sun Vet, and all claimed that she was
the girl Wong Sam wanted to dispose of. The
tase will be coutinued to-day. v .. .
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Long • Distance Speaking
Trumpet Given a Prac- .
tical Test.
IT WAS A GENUINE SUCCESS.
St. Patrick's Day Was Duly Honored
by the Shipping Men and
Sailors.
The Alaska Packers' Association has de
cided to equip all its vessels with the new
Test of the Long-Distance Speaking-Trumpet From the Tug Fearless. It Was Easy to Talk to a Boa
a 31ile Off and to the British Ship Reliance and Monitor Camanche.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
speaking-trumpet that has been so thor
oughly tested on the big tug Fearless. In
order to satisfy themselves as to its merits
S. B. Matthews, the company's cannery
superintendent, and Sydney S. Smith,
chief-clerk, went out in a Whitehall boat
yesterday and took one of the instruments
with them. When away beyond the British
ship Reliance they couid hear every word
distinctly and Captain Dan Haskell and
Mr. Matthews kept up quite an animated
conversation although fully a mile apart.
The monitor Camanche was within hail
ing distance and the watch aboard was
ordered to go below and take a stiff horn
of whisky in honor of St. Patrick. The
men looked around in bewilderment but
they did not go below as the demijohn
was empty. The Reliance was decked i
with flags in honor of Ireland's patron
saint, and Captain Haskell turned the tube
on the ship while Messrs. Matthews "and
Smith awaited results a few boat-lengths
away.- "Reliance,- ahoy!" called Captain
Dan, and the men on deck ran to the side.
"Hurrah for ould Ireland!" and the crew
took it up and the answering cheer was
heard at Folsom-street wharf.
The AlasKa Packers' Association is so
pleased with the new instruments that it
will equip all its vessels with them.
There will be one for each boat and when
the men are away from the vessel and
caught in a fog they will have no difficulty
in reaching the schooners.
The Alameda was docking at Folsom
street yesterday after finishing discharging
•at the sugar refinery. One of the speaking
tubes was aboard and with its aid and that
of the one on the tug Fearless the steamer
was docked- in a few minutes, in spite of
the fact that the fog was so thick that the
lookout could not see twenty feet ahead.
In honor of St. Patrick's day the men on
the British ship Reliance were given a
holiday and Captain Robinson saw that
they enjoyed themselves. The men on the
State dredgers and all the street-sweepers
were given a half holiday by Chief Wharf
inger Root and the men thoroughly appre
ciated the privilege. The officers of the
. revenue cutters were all in full dress and
the sailors were togged out in their Sun
day clothes. Very little work was done
and Main street was crowded by people
anxious to get a look at Uncle Sam's reve
nue protectors when everything is on
"dress parade."
The Harbor Commissioners held a very
short session yesterday. President Colnon
is in Los Angeles, and as there was very
little business to transact Commissioners
Cole and Chad bourne cut the meeting
short. Secretary Keegan drew the atten
tion of the board to the fact that English
vessels had beentiodging the payment, of
dues on their full tonnage. Captain
Beechlng of the ship Ellesmere put in a
rebate for. 130 tons. He said the ship
turned out that much less than the Cus
tom-house papers showed she carried.
Commissioner Chadbourne said they could
not go behind the official record. Captain
Beecham got angry and said he would not
Eay the bill. "I move that the attorney
c instructed to at once begin action to
recover the amount," said Commissioner
Cole, and the motion was carried.. The
Ellesmere will now have to move Into the
stream and either her captain will pay the
bill or the ship will be libeled.
Some time ago President Colnon discov
ered that contractors when they were not
using their barges and pile-drivers moored
them at the foot of Second street. As they
wera taking up valuable space it was de
cided to charge them wharfage. A bill
was therefore sent to James McMahon, as
ne was the only one occupying the space
last month. McMahon paid* it, but yes
terday he entered a vigorous protest. The
matter went over for a week, until Presi
dent Colnon gets back, and then it will be
thoroughly discussed.
The secretary was instructed to adver
tise for proposals for the erection of a new
shed over Howard pier 2.
The bark Empire will have a new stem
put in and will get a thorough overhauling
at Main street. She will then sail for the
sound in ballast, and there will load lum
ber for Australia.
There was quite a quantity of salt ruined
on the old whaling bark : Emma Herri-,
man yesterday. When her hull was being
tested two auger-holes were bored and the
men forgot to plug them up. When the
salt sunk the vessel to the level of the
holes the vessel filled and. sank into the
soft mud. At low water. theHcrriman was
pumped out and the holes plugged. The
loss was only about 100 tons of salt. ,
The rush for Alaska still goes on. The
steamer Dora is being overhauled, and the
bark Electra and •- ship Two Brothers will
be ready to sail in a few days. ; -All of them
are, bound for the canneries, but passen
gers for Cooks Inlet will be carried. The
miners on the.Yukon and Douglass Island
are short of blasting powder, so the steamer
Yaquina' has been chartered to take a full
cargo of the explosive to Alaska. ■ The ves
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1596.
sel will be overhauled and will then load
in the stieam.
Charley Middleton, a Telegraph Hill
boy, nearly lost his life at Vallejo-street
wi.arf yesterday. He fell overboard, and
had it not been for James Olden of Oak
land he would surely have been drowned.
Once oh the wharf Charley soon recovered
and made tracks for home.
Captain Shaw of the red-stack tug Red
mond did a very clever piece of work yes
terday morning. The ship Two Brothers
was to dock at Main-street wlmrf, but on
account of the heavy fog Wharfinger Dry
den advised the towboat people not to
move her. They answered that the job
would be put off until this morning. The
Redmond had already taken hold of the
ship, however, and while the conversation
was groing on he had run her into the slip
in spite of the fog, and in seven minutes
the vessel was tied up at the wharf and the
tug was on her way back to Vallejo street.
It was a very; clever piece of towboating in
the circumstances.
The sealing schooner Emma and Louisa
changed hands yesterday, but who her
purchaser is Ross & Hewlett will not tell.
Captain Wyrnan wanted to buy her, but
when he -went to the owners with the
money he was told she was already sold.
The schooner will be fitted out for a trip
to the Alaska gold tields.
MAY END THE RATE WAR
A Possible Adjustment of the
Portland-San Francisco
Differences.
C. J. Smith Expected to Act as
Mediator Between the Two
Warring Carriers.
There is now a prospect of a settlement
of the differences between the Southern
Pacific Company and the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company relative to the
passenger and freight traffic between this
City and Portland, Or., and which have
led to a most bitter rate warfare for the
past five months.
Incidentally the Oregon Improvement
Company, which owns the stock of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, is in
volved, as the latter company operates not
only a line of steamers to Puget Sound,
but has the State of California running
between this port and Portland. And on
all the vessels on these routes the rates
have been cut in order to protect the busi
ness of the company from the cut rates of
the two active combatant companies. In
consequence the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company lias been a large loser and will
continue to be so while the situation re
mains as it is.
Ilefore the battle was opened between
the railroad and steamship lines the Ore
gon Improvement Company was called
into the conference in the hone that its
representative might suggest some means
by which harmony might be maintained,
but, as events proved, without having
been able to do so. • '
C. J. Smith of the Oregon Improvement
Company arrived here from the north
yesterday and it was reported from Ta
coma that -his visit had for its object the
consideration of the troubles of the war
ring transportation companies and a pos
sible solution of them.
When Mr. Smith was seen by a Call
representative^he denied that his coming
was for the purpose of acting as mediator
in the matter mentioned, but added that
his company would certainly be willing
and glad to act in that capacity in order to
bring the rate-cutting to an end, as all
parties concerned must certainly be tired
of their strained relations. He stated that
he had not been approached on the mat
ter, but could not tell what would happen
during his stay. He will leave for San
Luis Obispo this morning, but will be back
in a few days.
Among the railroad people it is confi
dently stated ttat his visit portends the
early adjustment of the pending rate war
on Portland-San Francisco business.
The Southern Pacific people claim to be
getting more business than they can take
care oi on the Portland special or steamer
trains. On last Saturday they claim to
have sold tickets to 254 people— all tbat
could be accommodated on one train — and
to have refused at least one carload of pas-
sengers.
At one time Mr. Stubbs agreed to come
to an agreement with the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company on the basis of
each being allowed 50 per cent of the pas
senger business. Since the war began,
however, he has come to the conclusion
that his company should have at least two
thirds of this business. It is due to this
lack of agreement upon what proportion
each company shall enjoy that the rate
war continues.
SCALDED HIS MOTHER.
Tom Shaujfhnessy Behind the Bars,
Charged With Battery.
Tom Shaughnessy, a husKy individual,
27 years of age, was arrested last evening
by Policeman Rainsbury, at the instance
of his mother, Ellen Shaughnessy, who
lives at 1219 Kearny street, and detained
at the Caliiornia-street police station on a
charge of battery. Mrs. Shaughnessy al
leges that her son has been in the habit of
abusing her, but last evening he capped
the climax by throwing a bucket of scald
ing water on her. In corroboration of her
statement she exposed her right hand and
am, which were swathed in cotton, it be
ing badly burned and blistered. She says
that she stood his abuse as long as possi
ble, but finally decided to have him ar
rested.
Goethe had a Inrce Roman nose, rather
more bent than usual in that type.
THANKS FOR YELLOW CARS
But the Merchants Are Not
Yet Entirely Sat
isfied.
WANT MORE PRIVILEGES.
Committee on Streetcar Transfers
Send a Well- Worded Reply to
Mr. Vining.
At a special meeting held yesterday by
the committee on streetcar transfers of the
Merchants' Association the letter of Man
ager Vinine dated March 3, embodying his
reply to the first communication sent by
the merchants to the Market-street Rail
way Company,* was considered and a reply
fully covering the points at issue was sent
to Mr. Vining.
The original communication of the
merchants suggested certain additions to
be made to the present transier system,
the principal result of which would be to
benefit the merchants on Kearny street by
according to them an equal footing with
merchants of other streets of the City
more favorably situated in the matter of
transfers.
The Merchants' Association further
stated that if these additions were made
they would petition the Board of Super
visors to make traffic in transfers illegal.
Mr. Vining replied that from the com
pany's standpoint such a proposition
would involve the placing of the company
under a perpetual obligation, because tbe
existence ot a certain condition of affairs
leads the public to regard it as the proper
condition ar.d any unexpected change
from this condition is considered by the
public an injustice, although the company
might be suffering a great loss.
He further stated that the company
would be willing to give transfers from
eastbound Mission-street cars to north
bound Kearny- street cars and vice versa,
if it could be safely done without financial
loss.
Finally the only solution of the trans
portation of passengers irom Mission Dis
trict to Kearny street in the mind of the
company, alter carefully considering all
points in connection with it, was the in
troduction of a line of cars from some
point on Mission street, either Twenty
second or Twenty-ninth streets, via Mis
sion street, turning northerly at Third
street and running thence north on
Kearny street at least as far as Jackson
street, and possibly to run as far north on
Kearny as Broadway, thence east on
Broadway to East street, and thence via
East street to the ferries, thus absorbing
thr- present Broadway tine.
Mr. Vining also staled that enrs were
already ordered and being built for this
line. They are to be. of a different color
from the 'Kearny-street cars, and that
probably two months would be necessary
to complete them.
In reply to Mr Vining the merchants
by their special committee, consisting of
A. B. Baldwin, W. T. Doane, M. S. Kohl
herp:. H. D. Keil, Frank A. Swain, C. S.
Benedict, S. W. Dixon, F. P. Dv Rose,
John Farnham, A. S. Hallidie, Frank
Markey, H. H. Taylor, George D. Toy, D*.
W. Dorhmann, J. Richard Freud, M. Hart,
Charles Keiius, formulated the following:
E. P. Vinir.g Esq., General Manager Market
street Bailway Company, City— Deak Silt: Your
favor of the 3d lnst., addressed to the Mer
chants' Association, relative to transfers to
and from the Kearny-street line, has been re
ferred to us as the committee appointed by
that association upon the subject of transfers.
We suggested that the transfers existing on
Kearny street were within your general trans
fer system and principle governing the same,
and have therefore become, as it were, part of
the value of the property and business on
Kesrny street and should not have been en
tirely abandoned when the trolley system was
inaugurated on that street. We fully realize
that not all transfers can become permanent
and changes of transfers must be made when
circumstances governing the same make dif
ferent arrangements necessary.
We note that your company disclaims any
promises alleged to have been made to the
merchants along Kearny street relating to the
transfer system of that thoroughfure; and.
while we are creditably informed that certain
promises were made by Mr. Reid, a solicitor in
the employ of yoiir company, who was dele
gated to obtain the signatures ot the Kearny
street merchants and property-owners to a
petition for an electric road on that thorough
lare, we are willing to assume that such prom
ises were not authorized by your company,
and are desirous of eliminating from the prop
osition of transfers the question of moral obli
gation, and will, therefore, discuss it from a
business standpoint.
As far as we call see it is one that involves
only two questions: First, whether the reve
nue of your company will be increased, or, at
least, will not be diminished, and second,
whether the transfers asked for will be a con
venience to your patrons and will not be
abused by them.
The transfer system which the property,
owners and a large number of people engaged
in business not only on Kearny street but in
hD area tributary thereto, as well as a number
of people residing at the Mission and in the
Western Addition north of California street,
ask to have adopted by your company is as
follows:
First— From southbound Kearny and Third
street cars to Market and Mission eßstbound,
and Clay and Mission street cars eastbound.
Second— From northbound Third and Kearny
street cars to Mission and Market street cars
eastbound and westbound, and Clay-street cars
westbound.
Third— From Sacramento and Jackson street
cars eastbound to Kearny-street cars south
bound only.
Fourth— From eastbound and westbound Mis
sion-si »x*et cars to Third-streetcars northbound
and southbound.
Fifth— From Market-street cars eastbound
to Third-street cars southbound, but not to
Kearny-street cars northbound.
Sixth— From ferry via Market and Kearny
street cars northbound and Third-street cars
southbound.
We understand from your several communi
cations 0:1 this subject thai niica a t-y.st- in is
objectionable, from the fact that a passenzer
taking the cars at the Third and Towme id
street depot, for instance, will be permitted to
transfer at Clay street for the westbound cars,
again transfer at Clay and Powell to a south
bound Cfir and transfer acain at the intersec
tion of Powell and Market and thus, by your
present system, return to the starting point by
paying only one fare. We think that you will
admit that the number of people who would
be likely to make such an excursion is infini
tesimal. We realize, thousrh, that while the
original passenger may not De inclined to
make a round trip for one fare, his iransfer
may be passed ;o some one else and thus two
pnssengers ftre enabled to travel in opposite
directions for one fare, which we assume is
the most serious objection to giving transfers
from tne Kearny street cars to westbound Sac
ramento and Jackson-street cars. It seems to
us tliat this can be obviated by abolishing the
transfers on the southbound Powell-street
cars from the westbound Jackson and Sacra
mento street car?. It would also be necessary
to abolish transfers from the northbound Pow
ell-street cars to eastbound Sacramento-street
cars to prevent a contiuuous passage from
Third andTownsend oy way of Market and Pow
ell-street lines and return on Sacramento and
Kearny-street cars. If transfers are issued to
and from the Kearny-street line and the Sacra
mento Bud Jackson street cars, people residing
in the Western Addition, between California
and Pacific avenue, traveling to and from the
center of retail trade, will be enabled to reach
their homes and places of business more con
veniently over yoirr system than by taking the
Manet-street cars, which are usually very
much crowded, going five or six blocks out of
their way, necessitating a transfer at Powell
street, and et certain times of the day and
week another transfer to toe Sacramento and
Jacks- n street cars. In aodition to this a
much more convenient and direct route would
be afforded to them in traveling to a;id from
thp depot at Th r»l md T< wisend streets.
We appreciate ihe fact that it would be nec
essary to adopt some method to prevent resi
dents of the Mission, eastbound. from transfer
ing to your Third-street line and agttin trans
feirlne at Third and Market to your west
bound Market-street cars, thus making a trip
from the Mission and reiurn posfibie. If your
new system will prevent this it seems to us
that you can prohibit the it-suing of transfers
at Market and Third streets to westbound
Market-street cars to those passengers who
have? been transrerred from the Mission. street
line.
In conclusion we have only to add that if
transfers are given as requested by us the fol
lowing would be the result:
Residents of the Western Addition would be
enabled to travel to ana from the Southern
Pacific depot (at Third and Townsend streets)
at a saving of fully live minutes in time over
the present roundabout route by way of Powell
street. <
A route from the Mission to North Beach
would be established without involving the ex
pense of additional cars which is contemplated
in your through line system.
Those starting from the terry and desiring to
reach any point on Kop.rny street, between
Sacramento and Post, would travel over your
line rather than walk as they do now to the
California-street cars or patronize the Sutter
street horsecar line. All of which, in our
opinion, would result in profit to your com
pany and convenience to your patrons, besides
materially assisting in restoring Kearny street
a trade which it is i.-ist losing by reason of an
unfair discrimination against It in transfer
privileges.
We do not underestimate the advantage in
the through line you propose to inaugurate
from the Mission to and along Keamv street,
as compared to the present system, and will be
glad to see it estnbiished.as it will save passen
gers the annoyance of transfers at Thiid and
Mission streets, as we suggest. We confess,
though, this is the only point we can see in
favor of it, and if it is to be regarded as an ex
periment involving an additional expense in
the operation of your system as now run, we
are somewhßt apprehensive that it may not
prove satisfnetory, in which event you would
naturally discontinue it. There may, how
ever, be good reasons and factors unknown to
us which enter into the proposition that ne
cessitates separate and distinct cars to and
from the Mission, in which event we are sure
the Merchants' Association will doubly appre
ciate your response totheappeal madethrongh
it in behalf of thejpublic, as your acquiescence
means an expenditure not contemplated in our
request. As there could be no abuse of such a
privilege at this transfer point we take it for
granted that you contemplate giving transfers
at Broadway and Kearny streets to North
Beach upon the proposed new line from the
Mission, thus giving North Beach the corre
sponding transfer privilege to the one it for
merly enjoyed.
MILITIA INSPECTION.
Dates and Place* for the Mustering of
the National Guard of
California.
The following extract from general or
ders No. 2, i>sued from headquarters Sec
ond Brigade, N. G. C, fixes the dates for
the annual inspection and muster:
Company B, Filth Regiment Infantry, San
Jose. March 24. 8 :3O P. H.
Companies A and F. Fifth Regiment Infan
try. Oakland, March 25, 8:30 P. M.
Company G, Fifth Regiment Infantry, Ala
meda, March "2t>, 8 :30 p. m.
Company D, Fifth Regiment Infantry, San
Rafael, March 27, 8:30 p. m.
Company C, Fifth Regiment Infantry, Peta
luma, March 28, 8 :30 P. M.
Company X, Fifth Regiment Infantry, Santa
Rosa, March 30, 8:30 P. H.
Company H. Fifth Regiment Infantry, Napa,
March3l,"B:3OP. M.
Companies C, G, F and K. First Regiment In
fantry, San Francisco, April 1, 9 p. X.
Troup A, Cavalry, San Francisco, April 1,
8 P. M.
Companies A, B, D and E, First Regiment In
fantry, San Frnncisco, April 2, 8:30 p. m.
Cad"et Company. First Rs.ciment Infantry,
San Francisco, April 2, 3:30 p. m.
Companies H, I, L and M, First Regiment In
fantry, San Francisco, April 3, 8:30 p. M.
Signal Corps, Second Brigade, San Francisco, !
April 6. 8:30 p. m.
The field and staff of the First Regiment In- |
fan try will be inspected and mustered on April i
o, Bp. M- The fielti and start' of the Fiflii Regi- I
men i Infantry will be in>pected and mustered I
by the inspecting officer at the time of the com- |
pany inspection in their several localities. ■
Regimental bands may be inspected at 3 p. M. ■
on day of company inspections by special ar
rangement with the inspector. All inspections
will be held in the regimental or company
armories of the commands inspected. All offi
cers and men will be inspected nnd mustered
in service uniform. All property must be ex
hibited to tlie inspecting officer and properly i
recorded on muster roll.
The regulations governing the National
Guard require the inspector to critically
observe and report upon the members
present, the military appearance and bear
NEW TO-DAT.
"Go™
to your doctor for advice ; he is tha
best man to tell you what medicine
you : need. Go to your druggist for
your medicines ; he knows more about
drugs than a dry-goods man.
Stick to your doctor and to your r
druggist if you're a sick man, but don't
go to your druggist for advice, especi-
ally if your doctor has told you what
to get. If your doctor tells you to get
Qr Emulsion
It Is because he knows of s scores of
cases which have been benefited by
its use ; because he knows that it has
a record of more than twenty years' c
results back of It.
, You have no right to let your drug-
gist advise you against this ; prepara-
tion and induce you to try an obscurej
medicine, 1 -the value of ' which ;is
doubtful, for the sake of the few cents
more he may make • Let your tailor,
or your butcher, or "your procer. fool i
you if you will, but when it comes to
a matter of health, get what you ask
for. '': ■ ' \- -!'■":; \ .
■All drugsrlsta sell Scott's Emulsioa.
Two sixea— 50 ceut* sad $z.e» :
. ■ ■ ■■--.■.. i ;■■•••' .'■! **-.■.:■!
TO-DAT. ,
GRATEFU L AND COMFORT ING
For Tired Aching Irritated Feet
Is a warm bath with CUTICURA SOAP, and
a gentle anointing with CUTICURA (ointment),
the great skin cure. This treatment allays itch-
ing and irritation, soothes inflammation andwpain-
ful swellings of the joints, softens hard and
roughened skin and / .
regulates and purifies / /*>*L**2^'^*'^
the perspiration. / sQ^^?'^^ — *\^*
Bold throujthont _ni"* "^^ J <^^ tV*'*" jj^^^"^ f/ / ' <^^ \jr g
the world, fnoe, jC^ ~*» "^ ''~'j J fit I * >>^\. §
■Bdfl. I'OTTt* >» \^i> _ > ' |B> ''l >k. V
Co«p., Sole Fro- Mfffllk. '^rTTX / "^^Wfo*'* • \7
British depot: %I ffc.'/l M 'f 11 tt / T-'it *' • ./\
Boifs, 1, King " V«KS "-MLh/ __ /»f\ " "* \
Edw«d-.t,Ljs I ,Tft l lm n ' /r 1 ' >#T\ '■''* "*; )
ing of their arms and equipment^, their
discipline, books, records and accounts
and their proficiency in tactical instruc
tion.
It is required of the inspecting officer
that he should have an intimate knowl
edge of the regulations and rules of the
service and an accurate and familiar
knowledge of tactics. It is enjoined upon
him to conduct himself with firmness,
discretion and independence; to make a
frank, fearless and impartial report of the
results of the inspection to the officer
ordering same.
Arrested for Robbery.
Frank Riley, a man of leisure, was arrested
last evening at the instance of Richard Mc-
Donnell and booked at the Southern police
station on a charge of robbery. McDonnell al
leges that while he was in nn intoxicated con
dition on the Bth inst. he met Riley, who
robbed him of a watch and chain.
Benjamin's Fund.
Supervisor Benjamin will surely receive the
money necessary to buy the Goto remedy for
leprosy. Additional contributions as follows
were received yesterday at The Call business
office: M. A. H.. #3; cash, 50 cents.
NEW TO-DAY.
m_J But Worth $1000.
§Only $3.50,
But Worth $1000.
Dr. Scott's
*Xfjy. Catarrh
Our Customers. 11 II 1111 l 111*
A six months' treatment for $3 50. Call for
I free trial.
| NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 Market street, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
On and after this date our store will be open all
night to accommodate our patrons.
FREE CONSULTATION.
Our physician will give free consultation and
diaenosis'daily between 10 a. m. and 12 m. and 7
to 9 p.m. _____ <. -
WRITE US.
! Patients In the . interior treated successfully . by
writing for our question blanks. • - .
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 33Wrja,_-l-.ot Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
DO NOT DETERMINE
A method of lighting and heatine your country
home until you have tirst investigated the famous
PEERLESS 6AS MACHINE. !
YOUR OWX GAS AT NOMINAL COST. Ma-
chines from twenty lights' capacity to thousands.
Kvery prominent public institution, as well as
hundreds. of suburban residences on this coast,
lixhtrd by this reliable and economical process.
Superior to electricity in every respect. ■■
Send for handsomely illustrated catalogue con-'
taimng full information to
BADLASI BROS., Manufacturers,
511 Market St., San Franrl«co.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
- The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTKK MOROSL'O, Sole Lessee and Manager
i.ETENIX«. AT KIGHT, '""
Mortimer Murdock's Masterpiece.
"UOOP» bP G-OIiD!"
SEE The Moonlight View of th 9 YOU
■ .English Houses of Parlla- -'-
THAT ment and Westminster Bridge SEE ,
i Special Re-Kngasement of the Favorites, •
GILBERT AND GOLDIE. ,
Evksixo I'biou— 25c and 53a. '■};'- -
' Family Circle and Oallerv. 10a
Usual Matinees Satnrrtay and Snnftar«
ORPHEUM.
O'FarreU Street.' Between Stoclctoa aol Po rsll.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
A BRILLI.IKT YAIDEIILI.KCOIPIIATIM !
7--SKW PLOrLE-7 17-OREU STIRS-17
THK KINS NEKS, -
15ASCO AND KOBERTS,
THK COKTY BKOTH RS,
. FhANKX X MONDUE,
- ALBU..'iUSandBARTRA9I,
■ TH ANDERSONS,
AS. B. WARD, WILLS and COLLINS,
And Last Week of the Favorite Creole Soprano, ;
R ACHE I, WALKEK.
■ : Reserved seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c: Open onalrt
and Box seats. 50c
l^^ii^^l MANHOOD RESTOR ED "-"-?f^,:
HawCJ (V IliniUlWWl* lIIb%J | UllUUVitulizer.theprescrip.
nw^-^mm x 5? d tion of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
If^So% l ous or diseases of the generative such rs Lost Manhood.
HwHlflV *^J HinillHmy lIIbV I Wlli«UVitalizer,theprescrlp.
V <*? PX til 25v Gf tion oi a fam ous French Physician, v.-ill quickly cure you of all u?r-
\\\ <S\ I \\> ', \\ V ous or . dl f'' a . se » 1 °<^ the generative orsang, such bs lost Manhood,
■Si /Ml V; -4ciJ Insomnia-Pains in the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Deblll^!
B i iP\> \ *@&r Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele aiid .
'■ S^ "• r V = -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
Wk -i; >s-/ . \Xj/ ness oi discharge, which If not checked "leads to Spermatorrhoea and
H BEFORE and AFTER aII the horrors of Impotency.ClTPinEKE cleanses the liver, Ui«
h Bti-UKt and mi- itH kidneys and the urinary organßOfalllmparitles. ■• .
• jCUPII>E3IIE strengthens and restores small weak organs. .•-..■.. , ■ -\ ■ ,
- ■  The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is becmise ninety per cent are troubled with :
Proatatlti*. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. SOOOtestlmonk
als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not exfect a permanent ear*
|I.ooabox,sixf<>jj4s.oo,bymail. Send for fkee circular and testimonials. > ' ■ T
■ ■ Address DATOL ME DICLN E CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
BROOKS* PHAIIMAUY, 119 Powell street.
STEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
vBWnriIEATRB*I PROPS.
SECOND ;:': HOTT'S
CROWDED :; A
WEEK ;
MILK
WHITE FLAG!
EVERT NIGHT IN THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. _______
%» TWEfVTHE I'.'KSs?
TO-NIGHT— — EVi.KY EVENING
MATINEE SATURDAY!
A GREAT BIG SUCCESS.
' The Picturesque, Original, Romantic Comedy,
CAPT. IMPUDENCE
(MEXICO).
By Edwin Milton Royle,' Author of "Friends."
Management of Arthur C. .\iston.
A Complete 'Production I-
NKXT WEEK — "FRIENDS"
. rRtCOLAnOtR.6OTTI.OD co- rwiA4ti»- • •
THEY | AGAIN
POURED | LAST
IN ' 1 NIGHT.
2000 PEOPLE TO SEE
A TEXASSTEER
With TIM MURPHY, and Company.
Monday next— American Extravaeanza Company
in"Sinbad;" or "The Maid of Balsora."
GET IN LINEI . "^
For to-morrow (Thursday morning, at 9 o'clock
sharp, begins the advance, sale of seats and boxes
for the engagement at the :
COLUMBIA THEATER,
BEGINNING
MONDAY MARCH 23,
EVENING,
Of the greatest of all this season's attractions,
" si3xt:b-a.:d,"
Magnificently, Gloriously, Grandly presented by th»
AMERICAN 123
EXTRA\AGANZA PEOPLE.
COMPANY. 123
• ; D. HENDERSON', Manager. :■
First Matinee, March 'JB. '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. F.rxkstink Kheljng, Proprietor <fc Manager
— THIS _3-7--33?0-I_WC3-—
Wm. Vincent Wallace's Beautiful Ballad Opera,
M^RITANA!
. SPLENDIDCAST!
New Scenery !—— Correct Costumes!
••Every Number* a Favorite Gem,"
—NEXT WEEK- ■
Blcbard Stahl's Romantic Comic Opera,
i( SAID PASHA
. Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
WEEK— AUDITORIUM.
RETURN OP
Mgftk ANNA EVA
wf rAY
& ANNA EVA
i r rAY
"^£^"'ft^/^ LJke Her Wonderful
■'~^^#2M/ff- M /^ Like Her Wonderful
&f I' W Pertormances Ever
V fe/ *^ fore Witnessed la
.\\' ■■'.*. u'' - /... 15c, 25c and sOe.
DURINQ VACATION LET THE CHILDREN
SHOOT THE CHUTES I
;■■'•'.' Afternoon and Evening. .
ADM15510N. ................. 10 - CENTS
Children : Adiuission ' Sc, Chutes sc.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.) ,;
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. tl.
ADMISSION. SI.OO. :
. Take Southern i'acittc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. v. .
Fare i for round trip, including admission to graai
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line dirges
to track. S^^Sf^^S^^^^^
;: A. B. SPRECKELS, W. a LEAKE,
President. Secretary.
78
THE FESTAL DAY
OF ERIN'S SAINT
Brilliant Observance of the
Feast of Ireland's
Apostle.
ORATORY, MIRTH, SONG.
Religious Services at the Cathe
dral and the Other
Churches.
JUDGE SULLIVAN'S ORATION.
Military and Navy Drill of the
California Army and Naval
Union.
The sainted memory of Ireland's apostle,
the noble history of a doughty race, and
the unborn glories of a nation yet to come
—these were the centers about which the
words, the songs and thoughts of many a
San Franciscan clustered yesterday.
St. Patrick's day was right royally ob
served. Mirth and song, oratory and
poetry, dancing and feasting were the or
der of the day for Erin's sons and daugh
ters within our gates. Nor did religion
fail to bless with hallowing touch the anni
versary wfaicb means so much for many of
those whose sweat and money have helped
to make this City and this State what they
are.
At the cathedral a solemn mass was
celebrated, and similar services were held
in St. Patrick's and many of the other
English-speaking churches, the congrega
tions being very iarge and the music un
usually fine. There was no parade, and
perhaps no one missed it, as the omission
was amply supplied by a continued round
of entertainments of various kinds.
At the old Woodward's Pavilion the
afternoon was devoted to a fine vocal and
band concert and exhibition of stereopti
con views, while io the evening the
Hon. J. F. Sullivan deliveied an oration
rilled with true American patriotism,
albeit tinged with a romantic veneration
for the home of his ancestors.
The Knights of St. Patrick gave a sump
tuous banquet, while those of the Red
Branch neld their twenty-seventh anni
versary ball. The young ladies of St.
James parish gave an entertainment, the
California Garrison of the Reeular Army
and IS T avy Union field a military and naval
drill and gave its third anniversary ball at
the Mechanics' Pavilion, besides which
other entertainments were given by several
of the various religious and Irish patriotic
associations.
The day was perfect, though a little
warm, and the night clear and cool. So
many people in gala attire were on the
streets that the City had quite a festive
look. Everywhere the verdant folds of
Erin's flag floated in the air, while on fair
bosoms and on brawny chests reposed the
little shamrock which* St. Patrick used in
The tlarp of Green and Gold That Covered the Menu Cards at the Banquet of the
Knights of St. Patrick-
order to explain the mystery of the holy
Trinity to the pagan Celts fourteen Ion"
--centuries ago.
AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION.
Musical and Literary Programme,
With a Fine Display of Stere
optlcon Views.
Old San Franciscans, and there were
many of them at the St. Patrick's day
celebration at Woodward's Pavilion/found
it difficult to remember that they were
getting on in years, and that the ancient
glory of the "gardens'" had departed. The
interior of the old pavilion had assumed
the festal grace of days gone by and, rilled
with a crowded but good tempered throng,
seemed to have become itself again.
Festoons of snowy white and Jiving
green, bespangled with golden stars, in
tcrrwined in close embrace with the red,
white and blue of the land which has since
revolutionary days opened its portals to
the oppressed of every creed and nation.
The shnmrocK of Erin and the palm of Cali
fornia, the harp of Celtic bards of old and
the Dannerof the stars and stripes, grouped
themselves gracefully about the American
eagle, whose outstretched wings were ir
radiated by the golden «lory of Hibernia's
sunburst.
The afternoon programme was a nov
elty in its vcay. Tnere wore no speeches, |
no poem, no oration; but the volleys of .
applause, which at .frequent intervals i
| shook the old pavilion to its foundations,
' certainly went far to prove that the cele-
I bration was a success. Roncovieri, the
! man who as a trombone-player used to j
| make artists and ladies rave, was there |
with his weli-driJied band of forty pieces, !
and under hi> able direction the overture j
of Irish airs was a delicious dream of per- |
feet harmony combined with melodies j
which all the audience knew by heart.
The overture terminated with a glorious I
fortissimo rendering of "The Harp that
Once Through Tara's Halls," the louder |
instruments carrying the melody, while
life, piccolo and flute vied with each other
i in producing a pearl-like cascade of in
! tricate variations.
As t!ie first bar 3 of the ancient son;;
were heard the pavilion was suddenly
darkened, and on a canvas 35x35 feet in
area appeared a stereopticon picture of
Ireland's apostle. The majestic pose of
| the noble figure, robed in the dignified
attirements of the early Christian epis
copate was striking in its simple yet im- I
posing beauty. A magnificent series of
views then followed each other in rapid
succession,'all of Ireland's most famous
| monuments and scenes of beauty passing i
I in review before the beholders' "delighted j
! gaze, while the band rendered selections
j from the compositions of Celtic musicians,
i ancient and modern.
At intervals the light was admitted in
order to give the musicians a breathing I
spell and to give place to the numbers of a
well chosen vocal and literary programme.
George V. Wood's tine bass sounded to ad
vantage in '"Dublin Bay," while Miss
Annie I. Roney's renderii'j, of "The Meet
ing of the Waters" was ?o well received I
that she gave "Home Rule for Old Ire
land" as an encore. She was followed by
Miss Nora C. Kirby in "Killarney," after
■which little Alice Condon reci ted ""Font e
| noy" with so much elocutionary ability
j that in response to a prolonged recall she
delighted her auditors with 'O'Neil's De-
T. R. BANNERMAN, PRESIDENT OF THE DAY.
iianre," and retired from the stage with
i her arms full of lovdy Moral tributes.
A magnificent exhibition of Irish ji<r and
hornpipe dancing was then given by
Messrs. Keller and O'Connor. Both gen
tlemen were in full dress with green
I cravats and knee-breeches. Their dancing
was a marvel. Few queens of the ballet
j would be able to keep time to the peculiar,
! exacting measure of the aucient dance as
well. Many of the evolutions were moat
intricate and difficult, while all were erace
| ful, and bursts of applause rewarded the
| dancers for their skill.
Mr. Hood then sang "A Hundred Fath
i onis Deep," being followed by Miss Kir
j by in "Erin, the Tear and the Smile in
j Thine Eye." The singers were aecompan
j ied on the piano by Miss Marie Giorgiani,
organist of the old Cathedral.
A spirited picture history of American
j war times was then thrown on the canvas.
j The applause during the Irish views had
been loud and lone, but when the more
familiar scenes of the Union's struggle for ]
I freedom made their appearance cheer
j upon cheer made the Pavilion ring. Sev
eral portraits of American generals and
war-heroes were next displaj'ed, the en
tertainment closing with a grand dissolv
ing view in the midst of which the
Nation's eagle flapped his wings to the
measure of the '-Star Spangled Banner,"
Mi«s Catherine Black singing the verses
and the audience joining in the chorus.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
THE THRONG AT THE PAVILION LISTENING TO ORATOR SULLIVAN.
IN THE EVENING.
The Programme Includes a Poem
by Howard Sutherland and an
Address by Judge Sullivan.
Though well filled during the afternoon
I there was hardly standing room in the
I old pavilion at night. The well disciplined
ushers had all they could do to pack late
; comers in places where they would be least
| uncomfortable and be most unlikely to in
commode others. The brilliant illumina
, tion set off the beauty and good taste of
; the decorations, rendering the scene one of
i rare loveliness.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the participants
! took their places on the stage. The guest
; of honor was his Lordship the Bishop of
' Victoria, the Right Reverend Dr. L,em
mens, near whom was Thomas R. Banner
man, president of the day, attended by
.lames E. Kenny and E. I. Hheehan, first
, and second vice-presidents respectively.
The following-named gentlemen acted as
• vice-presidents:
Very Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P.; Hon. R. J.
Tobin, James D. Phelan, J. J. O'Brien, James
R. Kelly, Jeremiah Mahoney, Hon. J. V. Cof- :
fey, Very Rev. J. J. Pre-ndergast, John Spottis
i wood, Hon. J. V. Coleman, Dr. M. C. O'Toole,
i J. J. Dwver, E. T. Donnelly, James F. Flood,
Rev. J. F. McGinty, Rev. P. J. Cummins. Frank
: T. Shea, Henry Doyle, Rev. P. E. Mulligan,
Jeremiah Densy, John Grant, Rev. M. D. Con
nolly, Dr. John Gallagher, Owen B. Bra
cey. D. J. Buckley, A. H. Lou.^hborough,
: Rev. P. J. Casey, Rev. P. R. Lynch. Thomas P.
1 Crowley, John Reid, Philip Bolger, Henry J.
Stafford, Alfred TobiD, \Y. Greer Harrison,
John J. Mahoney, James Regan. Hon. C. Con
lan, Very Rev. E. Allen, Jaincs Haran, Dr. P.
J. O'Neill, W. W. Hooper, Thomas Price, Rev.
p. Scanlan, M. I. Sullivan, Rev. J. E. Cottle, H.
i J. Meagher, Michael Flood, Bernard lliggins,
i A. J. Martin, A. B. Maguire, J. A. Lennon, J. H.
i Barry, C. J. Buckley , G. E. Gallagher, Hon. J. M.
! Burnett, Rev. J. Coyle, Rev. \V. G. O'Mahony,
Rev. Father Gleason, Hon. J. E. Barry. William
\ Broderick, Thomas Butler, Frank Cartan, R.
' Bunton.M. Cooney, D, J. Costello, Dr. ('. H.
Clinton, Thomas Carew, Captaiu P. J. Dunne,
M. J. Donovan, Rev. Father Ryan, Dr. J. F.
Gibbon, J. V. Greahey, Major D. Harney, Rev.
Father Conlon, Dr. J. H. Hughes, Joseph P.
Kelly, John Kenry, Rev. Father Wyman, J. F.
Smith, Captain Charles Mayo, James C. Nea
lon, Martin ODea, Rev. Father Byrne, Rev.
Father Cullen, P. F. Nolan, J. O'Dwyer, Colonel
John O'Byrne, Rev. Father Nugent, General P.
: E. Walsh. Daniel O'Sullivan, J. J. O'Far
rell. J. A. O'Brien, George A. Rice,
Rev. P. B. Duffy, James O'Brien,
Carl Eisenshimel, F. J. >lurasky, T. J. O'Brien,
John D. Siebe, T. J. Stack, W. F. Btaflord, Rev.
P. J. O'Connell, J. J. Lee, P. F. Molloy, P. J.
Thomas, T.J.Welch. Rev. J. F. Nugent, Rev.
| Father Ferguson, Colonel J. J. Tobin, D. R.
McNeil, Patrick. Lynch, M. F. Dunleavy, Daniel
Sheerm, M. M. O'Shaughnensy, Matt' Nunan,
I John Mifihern, J. J. McDade, Edward McGrath
Colonel T. F. Barry, Rev. J. McDonald, Rev.
i Father Lyons, Rev. P. Brady, Hon. 0. Burk,
i Fred Palmer, Rev. Father O'Grndv, Frank J.
j McGlynn, Emmet Barrett, Hon. Joseph Di
mond, F. H. Ryan, M. Foster, Rev. R. P. Breu-
I nan, Rev. Father Stokes, Rev. Father O'Con
| nor, Rev. J. McQuarde, Rev. P. Murphy, Rev.
J W. Gannon.
Delegates were also present' from the
County Board and seventeen divisions of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians, the
Gaelic Football Club, St. Patrick's Unity
Alliance, Army and Navy Garrison,
Knights of the Red Branch, County Leit
j rim Social Club, Youth's Directory, St.
Joseph's Union, St. Patrick's Alliance,
Irish National Alliance of O.ikland, Young
I Ireland Club and other societies, among
the guvßts being the following-named:
M. H.McCafferty, J. J. Mornn, J. F. Renault,
John Blake, Jeremiah Kellehcr, P. Lyons
James McCurry, J. J. Lane, Myles Kelly, James
McMenomy, Bartlev Lee, Martin Tracv,
P. J. Meehan, Daniel Bheehan, John
Ryall, J. B. McEvily, J. D. O'Brien, Pat
rick Deasy, Thonms Otis, John P.oonev
j Thomas Fahey, Thomas E. Willey, John H.
I Xolan, Edward I. Sheehan, M. "Fitzgerald,
| James McGinnis, Charles McCrystle, James
Ryan, James O'Toole, J. C. Ryan, J.
F. McDonnell, W. Burke, harry O'Donnell
Michael Weltor, M. McManus, J. H. Dolan,
Andrew Mahoney, D. Smith, J. Coughlin, J. D.
Condon, J. D. Roache, T. Mcßride, Ed O'Con
nor, J. D. Courtney, Jeremiah Coughlin, Flor
ence Driscoll, Thomas Searey, J. O'Connor,
David Costello, Charles McMenomy, Dennis
Flynn, E. Cullinau, John Cullinan. M. Boden
J. P. Henry, William Deeuey, P. J. Sullivan
Captain H. Meagher, J. O'Brien, J. J. Phillips, i
J. J. Cronley, T. B. Hillard, M. J. White, T. J. !
Wallace, John If. Kenny, L. E. Cull, D. J. Drew, I
T. 11. Healy, M. McCann, P. Broderick, W. J.
Welch, X. W. O'Connor, R. Shepston, J. J. Cof
fey, J. Donovan, H. Armstrong, M. Duane, T. J.
Mallot, A. Mclnerney, William Mulvin, I). J.
(allaghan, M. J. Connollv, F. P. Hunt, John
Hennessy, M. F. Fitzgerald, D. J. Geary, G. R.
Halsedy, Adjutant A. Vibart, Comrade Mc-
Shane, T. B. O'Brien, Captain J. Sheeny, James
K.Weh.h.J.J.Tynon.M. Gall, P. M. McGushin.M.
J. Moran, J. Bohan, P. McKeon, R. J. O'Beilley,
A. Haran, J. B. Mclntyre, T. R. Bannerman, G.
£, Gallagher, P. J. McCormick, John S. Banner
man, A. B. McGulre, Eugene McCoy, P. T. Crow
ley, James J. Gildea, James F. McDonald, Wil
liam J. Hayes, M. P. Healy, R. Fahey, John
Hurley, P. O'Kane, O. F. Rooney, P. J. Ryan,
Frank McKeegan, G. G. Desmond, B.F.Con
nolly, Daniel Crowley, Patrick Gallagher, John
ins, M. J. Conway, J. J. O'Brien, M. J. Stafford, i
John Mulhern, Jeremiah Mahoney, M. J. Wrin, !
John J. Kenny, R. C O'Connor, T. Palmer, J. j
O'Dell, J. Kirby, J. M. O'Sullivan, M. M. Cor- j
adan, John M. Kirby, R. Nugent, Thomas F. |
Doolan, J. W. Reilly, John Power, M. J. Kear
don, James Brennan. W. L. Flood, D. J. Crow
ley, Colonel John OByrne, J. F. Hanlon,
Captain Jerome Deasy, C. B. Flanagan, John
Grant, David J. Costello, Dr. M. C. O'Toole,
Captain P. F. Dunne, Dan E. Condon.
Hugh McCabe, Daniel Sheerin, Arthur McGur
ren, John Kenny; finance committee— John P.
Henry (chairman), Patrick Lyons; J. F. Re
nault, Patrick Broderick, Captain J. J. Sheehy,
J. J. Gildea, James F. McDonald, R. C. O'Con
nor, Captain M. J. Wrin, Bartley Lee, J. C.
Ryan, John H. Dolan, T. P. Crowley, John I
Ryan, J. Donovan, William Moivill, Eugene
McCoy, Captain Jerome Deasy, R. Shepston,
James E. Kenny, John Grant, Arthur McGur
ren, Hugh McCabe, Daniel Sheerin; reception
committee— J. P. Dignan (chairman}, Colonel
John O'Byrne, J.- J. Gildea, J. J. Moran, John
F. Hanlon, R. Shepston, Jennings Phillips;
printing and advertising committee— J. B. Me- ,
Intyre (chairman), M. Fitzgerald, P. J. Sulli
van, Colonel D. Geary ; committee on talent —
Thomas R. Baunernian (chairman), Rev. D. O.
Crowley, Captain Edward I. Sheehan; com
mittee on music— J. J. Gildea (chairman), M.
Fitzgerald, J. Rooney.
An overture, consisting of a fantasia of j
Irish airs, rendered by Cassasa's orchestra i
opened tbe evening exercises. Mr. Ban- I
nerrnan then made a brief introductory !
address, bidding welcome to all present in \
a few well-chosen words, and expressing |
the hope that all might enjoy themselves. !
Mr. Woods then gave a spirited render- j
ing of McCann' s typical Irish song "O'Don- j
neil Aboo," after which the following i
poem, written for the occasion by Howard I
V. Sutherland, was read by Leo Cooper:
THE MESSAGE FROM THE WEST.
Like trumpet sound from the western land— this fair, fond home of ours—
This song goes forth to an old-world land, a i em in a stormy sea;
A land beloved of the wind and sun, caressed by the gentle showers
That fall like tears from the angels' eyes to lighten her misjry.
A land whose sons with their mighty thews long ages since tore down
The banners of opposing hosts and proved their efforts vain.
And placed o'er thankless England's brows the priceless, bloodstained crown
Which made her Europe's arbitress on land and on the main.
To Ireland, then, this song goes forth, in the Westland's tones of thunder,
To Ireland loved with a western love by men who have loved her long;
Nor Time nor the world's wide breadth can rend those miuhty ties asunder
Which come to men in their golden youth and grow with age more strong.
The winds that play on our mountains' tops shall carry the Westland's greeting
And strengthen her with their fragrant breath, made sVeet by the morning's dew;
Shall give her the Westland's message that the hour of trial is fleeting.
And soon shall shine lor her the light that clouds now hide from view.
I see her stand with her cool, low brow, her lips apart in pleading,
With God's sweet sunshine in her eyes, undimmed by her countless tears;
Her hands outstretched for the gift she craves— those hands that are worn and bleeiiin»
By keeping clear from her sister's '.>ath the thorns of a hundred years.
And near her wait her illustrious dead, whose names shall outlast all ages
Her soldiers, poets, artists, priests, whose brows wear the deathless bay;
And countless others whose deeds nor namts are found on history's pages
Whose lives are spun in their own land's woof forever and ahvay.
Long years she pleads with impassioned voice the gift she so much desires—
The right to rule with her own ri^ht hand her country's utmost inch ;
J*ut in her heart there are smoldering still the unqnenched, hunerv tires
That lony to leap to her patient eyes to make cold England' flinch."
And though her arms are as white as snow she knows full well the power
That in them lies, like a brooding god, alert for the trumpet's call ;
She feels full sure of her hidden strength, lons stored for the final hour
When heaven itself may hide its face in the frightened storm-cloud's pail.
For well she knows that her beck will bring, from hillside and from valley
Ten times ten thousand mighty men as brave as those of yore.
Who watch and wait for the coming storm, in eagerness to raily
About the colors that shall lead the mighty van in war.
She knows the offspring of the men who fought and died for others
In foreign lands, 'neath foreign flags, and gave no sign of fear
■Will right for Irish liberty like one great band of brothers '
From Malm Head to Inishmore, from Dublin to Cape Clear.
And we of these mighty western lands, beloved of Hie sun and ocean
Who know the sweets which Freedom gives, bid Ireland's cause God-speed i
1 he flag that flutters above our heads was won by the devotion
Of true-souled men to one idea in times of greatest need
One country's cause is now the world's when freedom is imrwriled
And we, who hold God's greatest gift, wait eagerly to see '
The dawn-bnrst lieht the darkened sky with radiant rays that herald
Deliverance to a sister land from long-borne tyranny. '
And though we trust that the wardrum's roll nor the bucle's call shall waken
The drowsy fields where the son-birds sing and the ahv-faSed JowAds hSle
Yet Right is Right, and maintained must be. though aVtho wwld bS Vhaken
That in the end true liberty within each land shalllide shaken,
The Western men and the Western maids this greeting then ire «pnrlin<*
To patient, thorn-crowned Ireland, beloved for her • fa th aiid ?o?l
And pray to God that she gain fresh strength to aid her in defending
Her rights until her sons shall own, and rule, their native soil.
Moore's ballad. "Let Erin Remember,"
and Lover's rollicking song, "The Low
backed Car," were then given in a charm
ing style by Miss Mary I. Sullivan, who
was enthusiastically encored.
The Hon. J. F. Sullivan, orator of the
day, then delivered the oration. As the
Judge's well-rounded periods and glowing
wonis flooded the old pavilion, cneers and
applause were frequent.
Judge Sullivan said:
We are here to proclaim that Ireland is not
dead, and to add our annual testimonial to
the unyielding strength of the Irish race. In
common with millions of the race, we conse
crate thM day to the memories, and the hopes
of that greenest isle of all the seas, sweet Innis
fail—the island of destiny. Though seven cen
turies have run their cycling course since Mc-
Murrouffh's treachery and Strongbow's blight
ing invasion, the robber conqueror has not
stripped the Gaei of the sacred feeling that the
toil he treads on is the immemorial inheritance
of uncounted generations of heroes and legis
lators and baints.
Who are we here assembled? We are citi
zens of the great Republic, some, like myself
)/orn u,-on the soil to the heritage of liberty
and others by choice and assumption of alle"
--giam-e admitted to and charged with all the
duties and responsibilities of American citi
zenship; all of us bound up In ourselves aud
our posterity with the destinies of the Ameri
can Republic.
But some will say, What have American citi
zens to do with the political condition of Ire
land ? We are free men, sharers of the great
cst civil and religious liberty ever vouchsafed
to men, enjoying a freedom distinguished from
every other land— "ruling without power, yet
unresi.sted and irresistible: undisturbed by
anarchy, yet completely obeying the will of
the governed."
In the very nature of things the American
heart should beat in unison with every at
tempt at popular government wherever made.
Appreciating fully the Dlessinjrs we enjoy we
naturally take a pride in the development In
other lands of the republican principles which
We profess and practice. Wherever there is
oppression of the masses we sympathize with
the oppressed. Wherever there is well-regu
lated, earnest, gradual development of the in
telligence and rower of the masses and con
certed endeavor to place government in the
hands of those most concerned— the people
themselves— we rejoice at it.
Whenever a chieftain in the ever-continuing
conflict for human liberty falls, whatever his
faith, his tongue or his lineage, whether he die
upon the snowy plains of Poland, among the
Classic isles of Greece, under the mild Italian
skies, upon the vineclad hills of France or
amid the mountain fastnesses or emerald val
leys of Ireland, America hastens to attest her
love of liberty and her affection lor the hero
who wages battle in her behalf. Shall we,
as Americans, who have achieved our own
freedom by sacrifice of blood, our own, and of
blood freely drawn from other lands; shall we
who have freely lent sympathy, money, arms
and men to other revolutionary States, refuse
our sanction to the peaceful, heroic, sublime
effort of Ireland in the cause of human liberty?
Freedom, magnanimity, humanity, Christian
ity, blessed memories of the past, irresistible
impulses of the present, iofty hopes for the
future throughout all generations, in all climes
— earth and heaven forbid.
In this connection I have often thought that
this sentiment was most beautifully and ap
propriately recognized in the conduct of the
French people in the offering made to the i
people of the United States of the colossal
statue of "Liberty Enlightening the World."
At the entrance to'our grandest metropolitan
harbor this symbolical figure stands as the
embodiment of the Nation's sentiment, as the
expression of the Nation's voice, as a reprc- '
sentative of the Nation's hopes and prayers for
the universal emancipation of human kind.
As the symbol stands, facing the storms and
billows of the Atlantic, bidding welcome to its
storm-tossed travelers, so may in reality the j
heart and voice and sentiment of the Ameri
can people look out upon the ocean of popular
strife for self-government, and so may they
welcome the peoples ot the world into the haven
of popular government after they have thrust
aside the trappings of tyranny, and so may
they continue to do
Till the war drum throbs no longer and the battle
flags are furled
In the parliament of man, the federation of the
world.
-1 «t™J i n f u ver the llistorv of: the colonial
i striigKles. I have read with pleasure that it
£as f » a;; lineal descendant of : the O'Sullivan-
Beare, John : -Sullivan of Portsmouth, N. H.
'•■ M,vVr llh Johnixangdon.-.an 1 Irishman, cap
i ' ' u d / r m the British ion at Newcastle a por-
Rft»rVi i° arms a " d ammunition that' were
I afterward used so effectively at Bunker Hill.
Uie same Sullivan was one of the first eight
! brigadier-generals of the American army. ;*
boi P r« a u R^ ! i. flr(1 Montgomery, another of tnoso
whn?.n» "s h w nor brignt *■ his own sword,
captured the first colors taken in the
MLmnJiL lon -V?i> Vftr> aad wno ' after a brilliant
stormi fcT^ "i 1 ■ a W V^ cad • of " his ; solaiers,
lin «h g i he Jig ll of Quebec. Stephen May-
SlVvSl * n . 1 7 71 A? K ai»ized the Friendly Sons
Imn n'u^, 1 " Philadelphia; was* an aid-dc-
I l^f ? ° n W««hln«on'« staff early as March,
1770, and it was he who raised the first Penn
mShte lnen A f r the war - ' Captain Jere-
Hnr t?£ i en and hls flve brothers shared I the
fiW« nf J? c on B a ? eme nt known the "Lex !
X°" ° n f f the £ ea '- when tne y rebuked the in
solence of a : British captain ■in Machias i Bay
and captured his vessel, the Margaretta, the
I (irst prize. of the revolution, .and transferred
her armament to the Machias Libert-
Saucy Jack Barry "half Irish, half Yankee,
ns he styled himself, was the first to earn the
j "onor of ; commodore in the American navy
hey were not ; royalists, ,; nor :, traitors,- nor
cowards durinjr the.trying days of the revolu
tion. No Benedict Arnold emerged ? from their
ranks, Shoulder to shoulder with the bravest
soldiers of \ '■'., the . revolution, they : stood - and
battled for ; that i cause .< to which they * had
pledged their lives, r their fortunes and their
sacred honor. They traveled all the blood y
pathway of the struggle. ,, They crossed with
Washington the frozen Delaware. Some stood
barefooted and in rags at Valley Forge, and
with him they shared the crowning glories of
Yorktown.
In v later day, they stood with shields in tne
fierce conflict of Cherubusco. With Scott they
climbed the Heights of Chapultepee and as
sisted in carrying the glory of American arms
into the sacred precincts of the Montezumas:.
And again, when the grandest governmental
fabric of the world's history seemed to be
trembling in the balance, and when it whs
fearer) it might be dissolved into its constitu
ent elements, men of Irish blood went forth
in companies, in regiments, in brigades, by
thousands upon thousands, to battle for the
integrity'of the Republic and the perpetua
tion of our liberties. We know that they stood j
in solid phalanx beside that hero Thomas j
Francis Meagher when rivalling the charge of
Balaklava; they scaled St. Mary's Heights at j
Fredericksburg 1200 strong and left a thou
sand dead upon the Held in proof of their loy
alty to the Republic.
We know that their stout hearts and brave
arms were with that herowho never knew defeat
on that eventful day.when picking up the strap
fling remnants of a routed army in his ride
from Winchester to Cedar Hill, Phil Sheridan ;
immortalized himself and endeared himself ■
forever to his countrymen. And besides their j
services on land and sea, we know that men of ■
Irish blood rendered distinguished service in j
thnt council chamber from wnieh issued j
the second Magna Charta, the greatest charter
of human liberty ever formulated, which de- '
clared that "the American colonies were, and j
of right out to be, free ana independent j
stntes."
During the time of their severest struggles '
the people of this country have always had i
the moral support and encouragement of the ;
Irish people. When, 111 1771, Benjamin Frank
lin visited Dublin and came in contact wlih ,
the leading patriots of the Irish Parliament, I
he wrote to his friends in America:
"I find them disposed to be friends of I
America in which I endeavor to confirm them !
with the expectation that our growing weight ',
might in time be thrown In their scale and by j
joining our interests with theirs a more equi- j
table treatment from England might be ob- ;
tamed for themselves as well as for us."
In 1775 Chntham asserted that Ireland on
the colonial question was with America to a
man. In the same year the colonists set such
a high value on Irish sympathy and so truly !
understood its extent and influence that the :
Continental Congress addressed the Irish peo- j
pie in this language:
"You have been friendly to the rights of ;
mankind and we acknowledge with pleasure j
find gratitude that the Irish nation has pro- I
duced patriots who have highly distinguished j
themselves in the cause of humanity und Of j
America. We know that you are not without ;
your grievances. We sympathize with you in I
your distress. We hope' that t!ie patient abid- j
ing in the weak may not always be forgotten.
! ■/■ .;' NEW TO-DAY. . ;\ y -'^
v Why Not Use (
\ (fißßßMfonf I
r V^ r C^ PBKC AX» FKMIUttt, T
1 TN a communication to the Ber- \ [
■ f J_ lin Medical Society, Dr. Ritter *\
?: reported that after having ex- f
amined the teeth of 6} 7 persons, «j
* more than half of whom were 1
1 under 1 5 years of age, he found T
. only 4. with sound teeth. On }
J this basis, the number of mdi- J
f viduals with their teeth in good j
. condition is only about 62 per f
7 1000, which shows how neces- V
L sary is a scrupulous hygiene of J
j the mouth and teeth. t
[.'■■-■•'■ ■"■■ —Journal d' Hygiene. ]
• Journal Amer. Med. Ass'n. m
j It is economy to use it »
L liquid Sozodont every J
5 day, the Powder twice a y
: J week. A box ot powder ■ I
J comes with the bottle.
5 Small Sample of liquid Sozodont jf
j FREE on application to Hall & 1.
7 Ruckel, Proprietors, Xew York. «
L ALL DKUGGIST3. J
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOI
THE LADIES 1 GILL ROOM
—OF THE-
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL, MIDNIGHT.
The Power
Of Manhood.
Strong: Muscled Men Are Not Men of Strong *
Nerve Power.
When you see a man whose muscles stand out like the
I coils in a rope you envy him. He looks like one of Na-
ture's noblemen, and his strength is so overpowering it
brings, from you an exclamation of wonder. And yet maybe
he would gladly sacrifice that muscular, power for the
recovery of another element that he has lost— nerve force.
Muscular strength is not everything. The muscular giant
is sometimes the most veritable coward at heart — weak,
nervous, afraid of his own shadow. It seems ridiculous,
but it has been proven in our experience that the largest >
men are always the weakest in nerve and vital power.
They are the -^^^fe^^^fc. rst to sue "
cumb to the ravages of Ner-
vous Debility. /SSußM^\^^^p^^^^Si^^^k Nearly every
day we' come Bj^B^Wwr^ yf^^^^^H in contact with
men who are lffffi*^ Wfc -jftjff^ rr Jlj<j™ physical gi-
ants, but who have begun to
fail in vital an( j nerve pow-
er, and who sZeti^-*< would, in a few
years, on account of this treacherous drain upon their
vitality, fall victims to Nervous Debility. This is the
enemy which in'time robs you of all your strength, mus-
cular, nerve and brain. Would you protect yourself
against it? Then begin using Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt now.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. :
„„ . mlc ,\ SAN FRANCISCO, Gal., February 16, 1896.
DR. A. T. DEN— Dear Sir: When I received your Belt No. son May 6. 1895, 1 was in a
broken-down condition both physically and mentally, had no ambition for anything, could not
sleep well, had a very poor appetite, and was always thinking about my trouble.; After I had
Worn your, belt ■ month I was much improved, and I gradually became stronger every day, and
to-day lam a better man than lhave ever been, and 1 would advise every sufferer from troubles
like mine to secure a Dr. Sauden's Electric Belt. It will cure without fall. Yours truly, „
1 '...",■■:' GUST. JOHNSON, <513 Mission street.
There is only one way to replace the vital strength in ;
your system. That is proven by the thousands who have
been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt after all other
remedies had failed. Call and ;* consult the doctor about it
free. He has devoted thirty years -to the treatment of
such weakness. Get the book, "Three Classes of Men,'*
free on application.
»-A.3sri>npa- - isxjSotrzc 00.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B ,A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundaya,i 10 to 1.
■ . ." :'■'•; :■■'■. .•'"■■ "■ ( '—^— OFFICES "AT- — —':?•■■■■'■'-: '-:•:■: ■
. J.OS ANGELES. CAL, I ! ' PORTLAND, OR.
;-n , aO4 South Broadway. . 1,. : .. 253 WasWngron street :
MTEW TO-DAY.
ifiFls
NOVELTIES
— iot —
150 pairs of IRISH POINT <C 7 Cf)
CURTAINS, in dainty and 4J/»tJy
latest designs, at ". Per Pair
100 pairs of LOUIS XVI ,
HAND- MADE LACE CUR- (t7 Cft
TAINS (just arrived from •P>»*-'y
Paris) at the popular price. Per Pair
HANDSOME -MADE
BATTEN B UR LACE
CURTAINS at : ' I.^
$10, $12.50, $13.50
Per Pair and upward. -
3000 pairs of NOTTINGHAM
CURTAINS, all new pat- ; ... .
terns and the Dest. values
ever offered in the city,
ranging in price from
85c, $1.00, $1.50
And upward.
A BARGAIN.
CHENILLE PORTIERES, full -
sizes, fringed top and bot- tf! *J fi(\
torn, handsome dado and «P*-'«v/V/
1 fringe, at.. " Per Pair
DERBY SATIN PORTIERES,
io all the new colorings, <C"2 <7C
with reversible throw at the •P«-'» / O
top, at................. Per Pair
M HABLA EBPANOL.
G. VERDIER Si CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant A ye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE. -
LOS ANGELES.
DRWOiVGWOO AvV
Chinese »me« i§P^^V^f!JM
and T«a and Herb •• ''-MS-':
Sanitarium, Br *
776 IXAI ? STKtiET, B^'.j^' f&
Bet. Kearuy and Dupont, DM OB^ Sr
. Ban Francisco. ' K^V ' *>5* /♦
. I, the undersijinsd, have X £ -• mjf
been cured from kidney fyfjSp^R, 0' »■
trouble, from which -J|r BaMlT'-^ - •t J J
suffered fcr over 10 years f WJH^V Jf '
Office taonrs: 9:HO to 11 W&f*S&B&£/SflkA*
a.u.:l t03, 7 t0 9 f. h. *m3siSgßS&&&£mtimand God grant that the iniquitous system of
extirpating liberty may soon be defeated."
1 here are few Americans, 1 trust, so ignorant
oi their country's struggle for legislative inde
pendence as not to know that a distinguished
irishman stood on the floor of the English
House of Commons and contended tor concili
ation and justice to the colonies. There are
lew who do not know that the eloquence and
ability of Edmund Burke were on that side on
kH •as iie once well said, "Eloquence and
ability ought ever to be ou the side of liberty
and jus'iee."
The 5,000,Ct00 of the Irish race that inhabit
Ireland are not the bulk of its representation.
•I think it hardly any exaggeration to say that
more than twice that number of people of
Irish blood may be found in the United States.
The sentiment of that number of people must
largely moid the sentiment of the people
among whom they live. Its influence was
foreseen 100 years ago by the master mind of
that pure patriot and impassioned orator-
Henry Grattun. In spf nking in the Irish House
oi Commons in favor of the legislative inde
pendence of Ireland he said, among other
things:
"Do you see nothing in that America but the
grave and prison of your armiei? And do you
not see in her range of territory, her cheap
ness of living, her variety ot climate and sim
plicity of life, the drain of Europe? Whatever
is bold and disconsolate to that point will pre
cipitate, and wuat you trample on in Europe
will sting you in America."
The anniversary that summons us here, it Is
true, is that of an honored Baint on the cal
endar of the Catholic church. In this, it seems
to me, there is a sort of poetic justice. The
English Government, in spite of the teachings
of universal history, has sought by all the in
penuity of her statesmen to destroy a religion
by persecution, as if it dreamed that the re
ligion which, under the persecutions of Rome,
nourished in tho recesses of the catacombs,
could not, under the persecutions of Britain,
flourish in the fastnesses of the Irish moun
tains in the hearts of a race which knows no
■uperior in fidelity to faith and principle.
Of the fidelity of the Irish people to their re
ligion under unparalleled pen-ecution Eng
lish history bears ample testimony. The Eng
lish Protestant historian, Lecky, says:
"They clung to their old faith with a con
stancy that has never been surpassed during
generations of the most galling persecution
at a time when every earthly motive urged
them to abandon it, when all the attraction
and influence of property and rank and pro
fessional eminence and education were
arrayed against it. They voluntarily sup
ported their priesthood with an unwearying
zeal when they were thus sunk in the most
abject poverty, when the aeonies of starvation
were continually before them."
It is not to be wondered at that the Irish
people, proscribed mainly on account of their
religion, should prize the mystic bond that
held them together in the embrace of an en
during nationality. It is not to be wondered
at that the festival of the man of God who
planted in their hearts that religion which
has, as it were, imparted in own perpetuity to
them as a race should be selected as the day to
•ing their songs of sadness and to prefer their
orisons to the God of justice and of nations for
their ultimate deliverance from injustice and
oppression.
lo the American whose religion and nation
ality are so distinct as they are required to be
under the divine injunction to "Render unto
Caesar such things as are Caesar's and unto
God the things that are God's," it seems
strange that an Irishman's loyalty to his race
and his faith should be blended in a manner
bo unique. This must be attributed to the op
pressor and not to his victim. It is not because
the Irish Catholic doe? not understand and
fully appreciate the relative allegiance that he
owes to his government and his God. It is not
that he wishes or would consent to the ascena
ency of any church within the state or the
imposition of its ceremonials or its support up
on thi masses of the people. He would be the
first, and rightly so, to resent and resist such a
wrong. Too long has he suffered from such a
Eystern, too ftrenuously .has he opposed it to
regard it as in the smallest degree defensible.
Whenever he has been permitted to voice his
sentiments on the subject he has been in favor
of religious liberty. When in 1689 the short
lived Catholic Parliament under James at
tempted to leeislate for Ireland one of its first
acts was to pass a law estab:ish:n? perfect re
ligious liberty in Ireland and, to use the lan
guage of Leeky, "Its enactment at Btich a mo
ment of excitement and passion reflects no
small credit on the Catholic Parliament."
When In more recent days, In the enlarged
enjoyment of the franchise, Catholics have
largely named the representatives for Ireland
In the imperial Parliament strong Catholic
constituencies have returned Protestant mem
bers, and we all know that for years the Catho
lics of Ireland stood as one man behind their
representative and leader in their struggle—
the Protestant, diaries Stewart Parnell.
The Irish Catholics recognize that the strug
gle for Irish rights has largely been made by
their Protestant fellow-countrymen, wno hail
the vantage of the franchise and representa
tion in Parliament. They know that it was
the Protestant Grattan who uttered the noble
s-entiment, -'That we hold the risrhtsof private
judgment in matters of religion to be equally
sacred in others as ourselves," and who an
' * snotner time that "the Irish Prot
cs'ant could never be free v itil the Irish Cath
olic had ceased to be a slave."
Whatever national failing's Irishmen have,
ingratitude is not one of them. The memory
of the gentle-mannered Emmet, of the impet
uous Wolfe Tone, of the brilliant Fitzgerald, of
John Mitchel, of Thomas Davis, is as strongly
revered by the Irish Catholic as by his fellow
Protestant patriot.
The Catholic renders willing tribute to the
sentiment bo beautifully rendered by Thomas
Davis:
What matter that at different shrines
We pray unto one Qod?
What matter that at different times
' Our fathers won the sod?
In I'ortiiiie 'and in name we're bound
By stronger links than steel.
And neither can be sale or sound
But in the other's weal.
Oh. it were a sallant deed
To snow before mankind
How every race and creed * ■
Alight be by love combined ;
Might be combined, pet not forget
The fountains whence they rO3e,
As tilled by many a rivulet
. Xhe stately Shannon flows.
It has recently been suggested that this sen
timent, so well respected by Irishmen, is not
to obtain in this American Republic. 1 enter
tain no apprehension upon the subject. Eng
li.»h sympathizers or emissaries, for motives of
their own, may attempt to build up religious
discord among the citizens ol this Republic.
But their efforts must iail. Liberty of con
science is a principle Imbedded in'thevery
foundation of our form of government. Its
guarantees cannot be - disturbed wnile the re
public endures. The law of this land is the
law of universal emancipation, so eloquently
des>cril>ea by Curran. To adapt the language
O if: 1:1 , we may say that the soil of the Re
public is consecrated to the genius of universal
emancipation, alike for the native, the stran
ger, for the sojourner.
"No matter in what language his doom may
have been pronounced, no matter what com
plexion incompatible witii freedom an. lndian
or an African sun may have burned him, no
matter in what disastrous battle his liberty
may have been cloven down, no matter with
. ■what solemnities he may have been devoted
upon the altar of slavery, the first moment
that he touches this sacred soil the altar ana
the god Kink into the dust. His soul walks
abroad in her own majesty, his body swells be
yond the measure ol its chains 'that burst
around him, and he stands forth redeemed, re
generated and disenthralled by the irresistible
• genius of universal emancipation.'
This American Republic shall not retro
grade. It shall continue in the evolution of
its destiny and shall develop within its con
fines a race of people who shall stand foremost
in the world as exemplars of intelligence,
moral worth and of justice to fellow-man. The
people who struck down, the manacles from
the hands of four millions of black slaves will
not now countenance tbe disfranchisement or
• proscription of ten millions of their fellow
SEW TO-DAT.
"Once in a while
you strike a bad one"
is said of every good
brand of cigars except
the
"MANTELL,"
10c., 2 for 25c, 3 for 25c.
sint ;o country d< »'< rs
on approval (if not pre-
viously supplied); ex-
penses guaranteed.
TIJK WKKTHEJMER COMPANY,
13-15 Battery Street.
citizens of kindred race and color. Knglish
statesmanship, so called, found away to nul
lify the provisions of the treaty of "Limerick
guaranteeing liberty of conscience, and found
a way to turn back the wheels of human prog
ress and liberty; but that cannot be done in
this land of the free heart's hope and home,
'iod's own garden land of human liberty.
Here all true men help to develop the higher
and hotter standard of manhood whose abiding
place is to be in this vast western world of
ours.J
In this land liberty of conscience shall not
be disturbed until some ruthless vandal of the
future shall scale the lofty crown of Monti
cello, and with impious hand disturb the sa
cred ashes oi the dead and erase from its gran
ite block the epitaph of Thomas Jefferson,
"author of the Declaration of Independence
and of the statute for relieious liberty."
Put Ireland's fate In the hands of the ad
vancing democracy of Great Britain, already
alive to the labors that lie between It and Its
ultimate triumph. Ally the Irish cause with
the party of popular rights. Of course this
movement will be opposed by those who dread
the power of the masses, anil who fear to en
trust them with the political power which be
longs to them. It will be opposed by the titled
aristocrats who demand U an hereditary en
joyment the right to live in idleness, luxury
and lust at the expense of the toiling millions.
1 do not fear the ultimate result of the strug
gle. The cause of human progress and human
liberty will triumph; the Irish nation will be
emancipated.
As we stand here to-night, linked in senti
ment with the living millions of the Celtic
race, we look with reverence upon the Gaelic
race and the Gaelic faith. Glorious Gaelic
land, too long hast thou been chained to thy
mountain rook, the bound l'ronietheus ot the
nations! Too long have the vultures of for
eign hate aud religious rancor gnawed upon
thy vitals! Full well hast thou guarded
through the centuries the sacred lire secured
from heaven and spread by thee among thy
fellow-peoples of the earth. In the lullncss of
time h new Hercules has come to thy deliver
ance.
Oh, glorious Gaelic faith, ingrained beyond
the blood into the spirit and the utmost at
tainable recesses of the Celtic soul, thou hast
preserved the race for the hour of deliverance.
And as we, living children of the race, wait
and watch for that hour of deliverance we
may imagine that out of their Gaelic heaven
, tiie ancient heroes look down upon us to-day
with infinite tenderness ana love for the chil
dren of their race in whom neither time nor
men could destroy the national character and
the national piety toward the immortal dead
who ouilt up that character stronger than
ribbed steel and stancher than the bedrock of
the world.
And the countless saints of Ireland and the
scribes and teachers, the high-souled bards
and dauntless chieftains look on. Aye. all the
empurpled legions of our martyrs" through
every century, who lived and diedfor the old
faith and the" preservation of its glowing treas
ures, all these stand together in paradise and
view thi3 scene with a boundless sympathy.
They recognize now that vast, patient, cosmic
justice of God which makes the very tongue of
the oppressor the broad channel by which the
whole world is filled with the "ardors and fan
cies and sympathies half divine 1 ' of the op
pressed Gael and by which his faith, his
strange, mystic, spiritual sense, hi? high tena
cious idealism, his deathless chivalry, his dar
ing, his valor and almost feminine delicacy of
feeling, are borne abroad and mingled with
the best elements oi humankind.
D. Manlloyd then sang Moore's "Minstrel
Boy" accompanied on the piano by Sydney
Hopecraft. Mr. Manlloyd has a silvery,
ringing tenor voice, which displayed its
power and ranee to great advantage in the
old song. As an encore he gave Joseph
Murphy's pathetic ballad, "A Handful of
Earth.'*'
The orchestra rendered an arrangement
of "Kathleen Mavourneen" with varia
tions, which was followed by the "Last
Rose of Summer," charmingly sung by
Miss Black, who gave in response to a cor
dial recall "The Four-leaved Shamrock."
John McAuliffe followed in "Kathleen
MaVourneen," with "The Cruiksheen
Lawn" as an encore. Miss Roney next
sang "The Bells of Shandon," accom
panied on the piano by Miss Giorgiani,
and to such purpose that nothing less than
"The Star-Spangled Banner" would sat
isfy the audience.
Then came "The Dear Little Sham
rock," sunc by Aliss Kirby, and a fine
rendering cf "Come Back to Erin," as a
quartet, by the Misses Sullivan and Black
and Messrs. Manlloyd and Wcods, after
which the programme ended with a bril
liant and ornate fantasia on American and
Irish National airs by the orchestra.
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK.
They Celebrate the Day With a BMI-
llant Banquet.
The Knights of St. Patrick celebrated the
Irish national festival after their wonted
custom with a banquet last night in the
Delmonico. It was the twenty-first annual
gathering of the Knights around the festal
board in San Francisco and probably the
most successful of those brilliant events
for which the Irish society has become
justly (^ekhrated in the commemoration of
St. Patrick's day.
The guests to the number of 150 assem
bled in the parlors, off the banquet hall,
about 8 o'clock, and for fully an hour en
joyed themselves passing compliments of
the day. Each one was decorated with a
neat bow of orange and green, tied with a
bit of white silk ribbon. The orange and
green, of course, were intended to repre
sent the two colors carried by Irishmen,
and the white was emblematic of peace.
When all present entered the banquet
ball in pairs an imposing spectacle met
their gaze. The classic walls were draped
with white and green very lightly and
gracefully, and behind the president's
chair a quite pretentious display was
made. There hung an emerald green Mag
fringed with gold and emblazoned with a
gilt ha.rp and a wolfdog on one side, and
this emblem bore the legend, "Gentle
when stroked; fierce when provoked."
Opposite was a large American flag, and
between them both an altogether origi
nal conception in green, white and the
tricolor with shamrocks strewn over
them. A great floral harp occupied a
niche as a central piece for it all. The
tables were arranged in ttiree rows and
beautifully decorated with flowers scat
tered upon them and roses of spring
blossoms. For a menu card a golden harp
with a bright green background was at
each plate — a unique idea that contained
the toasts, the lull membership of the
Knights of St. Patrick, and a concluding
vcr^e from Moore's "Minstrel Boy."
Those present were:
Jeremiah Deasy.Carl Eisenschimel.Rev.D. .0.
Crowley, Rev. A. L. Brewer, James R. Kelly,
James Mooney, James D. I'helan, Patrick Brod
erick, Joseph L Dimond, Thomas Brennan,
William Broderick, James Butler. Thomas
Price, William O'Connell, Thomas J. Stanton,
John Grant, J. a. Culver, J. W. J.Enright, Dr.
E. E. Hill, Arthur Mc<;ueren, P. J. Thomas,
Patrick Mc'iee, H. Creswell, Richard Binton.
T. F. Shea, Edward Walsh, Matt Kelleher. Dr. C.
A. Clinton, A. Lauriston, Benjamin J. Burr, H.
R. Doyle. James Jlclnerney, D. J. Toohy,
Daniel O'Sullivan, P. C. Raborg, John R.
Tobin.P. F. McCormack, F. J. Weyland, Wil
liam Cronin.T. P. Riordan. D. M.Stanley, Martin
Fennell, M. E. Tobin. J>. B. Condon, R. E.
O'Connor, Joseph King, C. J. McGlrnn. James
Mclnerney, D. R. McNeil, John "P. Culley,
Joseph McKenna, Daniel Leahy, George H.
Rroderick, T. J. Donovan, James EL Barry, D.
M. Brereton, J. J. Dwyer, A. J. Costello,
John A. Lennon, G. W. Shorten, Pat
rick Holland, M. J. Wall, Peter A.
Scully, E. P. Barrett, Charles McCollum,
William Clack, Michael Cooney, Walter Brunt,
M. T. Pooling, B. R. O'Keeffe, Matt O'Donnell,
Joseph O'Donnoll, John T. Greaney, Matt.
Nunan, Laurence MeGulre, William McCann.
John Mulhern, Charles Gildea, Colonel W. P.
Sullivan, M. C. Hassett, James Co nlin, John H
Sheehan, W. H. Logan, W. D. iSneehan, W. H,
Gagan, W. D. Shea, L. J. Dwyer, Charles Kohler,
C. R. Ward, Frank Dunn, Frank Morrell,
J. G. Kennedy, Frank Burrows, E. B. Thomas,
John E. Broderick, M. J. Bohannan, C. Nelson,
J. J. Barrett, P. K. Dundon, H. 8. Hagan, P. J.
Dunne, Jarue< J. O'Brien, Thomas Cronan, A.
B. Truman, J.A. Baxter, W. S. Humphrey, D.
J. Gorman, .Jeremiah V. Coffey, Judge J. V.
Coffey, Colonel Jobn O'Byrne, Thomas Mc-
Craith, W. J. O'Brien, N. Hesse. John Phelan,
J. O. Kane.
Jeremiah Deasy, president of the
Knighs of St. Patrick, presided. In calling
the guests to order he welcomed them in a
happy if brief speech. "We are gathered
to-night," be said, "to do honor to Ire
land's patron saint, and I am glad to have
you around us here. I may remark that
the Knights of St. Patrick is anon-sec
tarian organization. I'm glad to have
Rev. Father Crowley at my right hand,
representing the Catholic church (ap
plause), and the Rev. Mr. Brewer, repre
senting the Episcopal church (cheers).
We have with us also the genial president
of the Caledonian Club, and also the popu
lar presiding officer of one friendly Celtic
club, the Cambrian Society, Mr. Thomas
Price."
The speaker was warmly applauded as
he concluded by directing the secretary to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
read letters of regret from Governor Budd,
Archbishop Riordan and Rev. P. C. Yorke
at their inability to be present at the meet
ing of the Knights.
"The Day We Celebrate" was drunk
with fervor, and James R. Kelly respond
ed to the toast. He «aid : "In every por
tion of the globe, wherever the children of
the Irish race are found, they will this day
turn longing eyes across the ocean and
with longing hearts think of the green
fields of Erin. . Itisadav on which the
holiest and noblest emotions spring up in
the Irish soul. Memories come back to
the Celt wherever he may be."
The lesson of fidelity to faith an 1 father
land presented by the Irish people, Mr.
Kelly said, was a shining mark to the
world, and something of which Irishmen
might well feel proud. Turning to the
political aspect of Ireland, he declared that
the scene was changed, and had changed
from one of dire oppression of 100 years
ago to the dawn of liberty of to-day. But
Ireland has not completely freed herself
from the grasp of her despoilers, much as
her condition has improved. Ireland,
however, will never rest until, through her
indomitable courage and will, she becomes
the mistress of her own destiny.
The speaker held that Irishmen should
not forget the past because it was en
shrouded in gloom and sorrow. That
made it dea/er, and it would be a power
ful factor in the trend of the future for
Ireland's advancement and freedom.
Never has the feel'.ng been more unani
mous throughout the English-speaking
world than to-day that Ireland should
have emancipation, that she should be al
lowed to govern herself and be a nation.
May God hasten the blessed day, and when
it shall come a cry of joy will "go up from
the nations and Erin will throw on" her
mourning robe and become what blessed
Patrick intended she should be— the pride
of civilization of Western Europe. Mr.
Kelly was enthusiastically applauded as
he sat down.
When "The United States of America"
was proposed as a toast by the chairman
the hall rang with loud and hearty hur
rahs that were repeated and grew in
warmth and enthusiasm until the toast
was drunk. Colonel Thomas F. Barry re
sponded. In his introduction the speaker
declared that when the tirst great struggle
for American liberty came the Irish were
to be found with Washington. The Irish
regiment in the War of the Rebellion had
as its motto, "No retreat."
He paid many high and eloquent, trib
utes to the United States for her greatness
and her doctrines of liberty and equality.
All that is noble and sublime in civiliza
tion and advancement is to be found in
the United States. But the material qual
ities alone were not enough to sustain a
nation in her high place, there was some
thing more — the spiritual. The noble
quality that made Americans right at Val
ley Forge.
America owes it to freedom, to peace, to
justice, that she stand for Cuba's rights,
for Venezuela against the oppressors.
Colonel Barry, continuing, suid ttuit it was
due to* Ireland that America stand up
against Eneland and thereby give the suf
fering country, if not absolute independ
ence, at least home rule.
The orchestra played "Hail, Columbia"
while the merry party gavo three rousing
cheers.
James D. Phelan spoke in response to
the toast, "The Poets and Orators bf
Ireland."
"Civil and Religious Liberty," was pro
posed and James H. Barry in an able" ad
dress responded.
"California," was the next toa*t, to
which John .1. Barrett replied.
"Celtic Unity," was drunk with great
cordiality and received responses from D.
It. McNeil, chief of the Caledonian Club,
and Thomas Price, president of the Cam
brian Society.
"The Ladies," the last toast, received a
response from Colonel John O'Bryne.
LUMPS SHONE BRIGHTLY
Fair Women and Soldierly Men
at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Mechanics' Pavilion la9t night was
bright with the faces of three thousand
fair women and glittering with the silver
and gold accouterments of as many
soldierly men.
The third anniversary ball and military
and naval drill of the California Garrison
No. 101 of the Regular Army and Navy
Union was a brilliant success.
The ball was opened by the Fifth Artil
lery band rendering "Under the Double
Eagle." Then Commander F. G. Wisker
welcomed in a short, appropriate speech
the Krieger Verein, under command of
Captain Wincker, and Captain Wincker
responded briefly and appropriately.
After the interchange of these military
courtesies a battery of the Fifth United
States Artillery asinfantry. under com
mand of Sergeant G. \V. Harvey, Fifth
Artillery, went through several evolutions
I with much precision and brilliancy. The
men carried the new Krag-Jorgensen
rifles.
One of the most interesting features of
the programme was the evolutions by the
Second Gun Division, Naval Battalion,
N. G. G., under command of Lieutenant
Junior Grade \V. F. Burke. The skill of
the white uniformed men and their rapid
movements with the Hotchkiss gun pro
voked great applause.
Following this was a paber drill by a
troop of the Fourth United States Cava l ry,
under command of First Sergeant L. \V.
Moflitt, Fourth Cavalry. In the interims
of the drills the Fifth Artillery band
played '-The Lily of Killarney,'" "The
Rage of Ireland" and the national pot
pourri.
The executive committee consisted of:
Commander F. G. WisKer, Past Commander
J. F. Fitzgerald, Paymaster A. R. Holzheld,
Officer of the Day C. Hoffman, Adjutant A.
Vibart.
Reception committee — Commander F. G.
Wisker. Past Commander D. Geary, Past Com
mander J. F. Fitzgerald, Vice-Commander C.
Flick, Deputy Commander J. Lansenderfer,
Adjutant A. Vibart, Paymaster A. R. Holzheid
Jr., Quartermaster R. N. Folks, Officer of the
Day C. Hoffman, Chaplain R. L. Deverell, Offi
cer of the Guard F. A. Heiter, Officer of the
Watch F. Mandery. Trustee D. Bennett, Trus
tee F. Frank, Comrade W. C. Tremaine, Com
rade E. Hogue, Past Commander A. Ray. Past
Commander P. Beck, Comrade R. Brock'mann,
Comrade R. Ilex, Comrade H. Miller, Com
rade B. Follansbee, Comrade Dr. F. P. Muffe,
Comrade A. Sen mid. Comrade J. C. Fuller.Com
rade C. H. A. Brooke, Comrade M. Dewans,
Comrade A. A. Malmberg.
Finance commiUee— Paymaster A. R. Holz
heid, Quartermaster R. N. Folks, Vice-Com
mander C. Flick, Comrade Wolf.
Floor manager— Officer of the Day C. Hoff
man.
Assistant floor managers— F. A. Heiter, J. K.
Johanson. J. S. Blawn, r. J. McShane.
Among the prominent guests of the
evening were General Forsyth and staff,
U. S. A., General Graham and all the
officers of the Presidio, General Dimond
and staff, General AVarfield and staff and
the oflicers of the First Regiment, N. G. C.
At the conclusion of the military pro
gramme the dancing began. The grand
march was headed by the California Gar
rison, No. 101, R. A. and N. U., followed
respectively by the battery, Fifth Artil
lery, the second gun division, Naval Bat
talion, N. G. C, Krieger Verein and the
troop of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry.
St. Patrick's at the Cliff.
There was a large attendance at the big
baths at Sutro Heights yesterday, nearly
2500 people passing the turnstiles. The
feature of the evening was a series of prize
races. The sixty -yard race for young men,
open to all, was won by Percy Edwards;
trapeze dive, Dana Thompson .and R.
Rosenberg ; high diving, by Mathew Gay
and Dan Green; fancy springboard diving,
by Messrs. Thompson, Rosenberg, Green
and Gay ; 100-yard race between Dana
Thompson and Dan Green, for a silk hat,
won by Thompson; tifty-vard race, open
to all, won by Ed Boese, If. Peltz second.
First prize, one month's free admission
to baths; second, two weeks' admission.
LIQUOR MEN WANT
HIGH LICENSE
Are Desirous of Being
Permitted to Regulate
Their Business.
FAVORED LOCAL OPTION.
The Governor, They Say, Is
About to Steal Their
Thunder.
OFFER TO ACT AS CENSORS.
The Movement Backed by a Member
ship of 8000, Employing 65,000
People.
In the California State Protective Asso
ciation this State has a most powerful and
energetic influence at work, according to
the statement of its president, J. P. Edoff,
for the taking of the liquor traffic out of
politics.
Briefly outlined the plan of the associa
tion is to secure a high license in every
county of the State. It is thus hoped to
keep out of the retail liquor business irre
sponsible individuals from a commercial
standpoint, and those who do not bear a
thoroughly good reputation in the com
munity in which, they intend to carry on
their business.
Incidentally, the policy includes a sort
of censorship over the issuing of licenses
throughout the State. But this feature of
the work of the association is made clear
a:id unmistakable by a clause included in
a recent petition to the local Board of
Police Commissioners, and copies of which
petition, suitably modified, have been sent
to every liquor-licensine power in the
State. It raads as follows:
It is to be presumed that your honorable
body has at hand the ready means, through
the instrumentality of your police force, to
ascertain the places and establishments in the
City whose past methods and present practices
forfeit the right to license privileges, bat. in
case our co-operation in this behalf is desired,
our organization will furnish you the names
of Biich places as we believe are unworthy to
hold a liquor license by reason of their abuse
of its privileges.
President Edoff, on being asked 3'ester
dey to give a full history of the associa
tion and its proposed line of action and
the motive actuating its creation, was at
first loath to speak of the matter, but on
further consideration said he would go
thoroughly into its status nnd proposed
plans and then ieave it to the public to
judge of the justice and fairness of the
work of the association. Thiswashis tale:
"About two years ago the wholesale
liquor dealers of San Francisco formed the
California Protective Association. That
association had as members every repu
table wholesale liquor dealer in San Fran
cisco and California. The object of that
association was two-fold.
"First — To get the entire whisky prob
lem out of politic*.
"Becond— To elevate the traffic.
''By elevating the traific we mean this:
We recognized that we were better able to
handle the traffic In our particular line of
business than any temperance organiza
tiou or those back of any temperance
movement could handle it.
"The outgrowth of that association was
the present organization known as trie
California State Protective Association,
which takes in not only the wholesale
liquor-dealer, out also all reputable retail
liquor-dealers in the State. This new
organization was formed in December, 1894.
"We take in the reputable retail dealers
for the purpose of being better able to pro
tect the trallic throughout the State, and
with the further object in view of getting
the various local governments to join with
us in a movement to prevent a license be
ing issued to any man who does not bear a
good reputation, and for the revocation of
tne license of any man who does not
properly conduct his place.
"In order to make the situation perfectly
clear I will have to go back a little. We
went before the last Legislature and asked
them to pass two measures. One was to
amend the County Government act so as
to permit of local option. The other was
to pass, not a uniform license, but a law
that would fix the minimum license at
$300 a year. In our argument before the
Senate Judiciary Committee we demon
strated that if this minimum license was
insisted upon the revenue of the State
would be increased by $2,800,000, and that
only three localities in the State would
have their revenue decreased. These
would be the city of Oakland and the
counties of Ik>s Angelos and San Diego.
"The Senate Judiciary Committee ad
mitted that the recommendation was a
good one, but they refused to recommend
a bill containing .it because it would be
considered a legal recognition of the liquor
traffic. We claim, however, that they
have recognized it legally by delegating it's
control to local boards.
"And now comes Governor Budd follow
ing up the movement we started. He is
now engaged in sending out a circular to
all the County Clerks in the State for the
purpose of compiling statistics with the
view of recommending this very plan that
we were the first to suggest. He may thus
be truthfully said to be stealing our
thunder.
"It seems inexplicable to us why our
recommendation was not favorably acted
upon. We represent some 8000 members,
giving employment to 05,000 people, auil
have a joint capital invested of more than
1100,000,000, and still the Senate commit
tee would not recommend the very thing
that the Governor is now going to recom
mend to the Legislature in his next mes
sage, as we believe.
"One of the arguments advanced for the
failure to act favorably on our measure
was that it would take away from the
local boards the power of local govern
ment, yet the Governor is about to recom
mend the same thing. Surely we should
be recognized in Vis matter. Our mem
bers, 8000 strong, extend from Siskiyou to
San Diego, and they are entitled to some
rights in the matter under consideration,
particularly when we are honest and
anxious in our endeavors to reform the
traffic within ourselves. We can refer to
the City councils of Oakland and Los An
geles and to the Board of Police Commis
sioners of this City as to the sincerity of
this association, and whether or not we
have been a help in handling this matter.
"It is my personal determination, so far
as this association is concerned, to keep
the movement out of politics in the en
deavor to accomplish the desired result,
but if it requires going into politics, we
will go into it. It is a matter of protection
to us. And we will not go into politics as
supplicants either. And neither will we
allow any party to use us as their catspaw
to pull their chestnuts out of the fire.''
'•Has any action been taken by the local
authorities on the proposition of your asso
ciation to aid them in determining to whom
licenses shall be issued?" was asked.
"No," was the reply, "the action of
Chief Crowley in tendering his resigna
tion has drawn attention away from most
ell other matters, but in a few days there
will be an interview between the trustees
of the association and the Board of Police
Commissioners to take up the matter."
President Edoff then explained more in
detail how the association expected the
measure that it advocated would take the
liquor traffic question out of politics.
'•In the past when an election was near,"
he said, "it was not unusual for the whole
sale liquor-dealer to be approached by a
candidate for election as a member of the
Board of Supervisors of some county with
a request to render him assistance in his
political fight. This was not always made
directly by the candidate, but more fre
quently came through one of onr custom
er* in the particular county and district in
which the candidate resided. If we re
fused, which we usually felt it our duty to
do, and the individual whose fight we re
fused to aid was elected, the newly elected
Supervisor awaking some morning with a
bad taste in his mouth, remembering our
failure to eive him support and being
aware of the public sentiment against the
liquor traffic, would introduce some drastic
measure aimed at our interests, and the
chnnceß would be that it would be passed.
"With the traffic regulated, as we sug
gest, all this will be done away with, as
only reputable men will be able to go into
the' business, and the local legislators will
no longer have power to blackmail the |
wholesale liquor dealers.
"It is not the purpo-e of our association
to encourage the infraction of the laws j
that have been passed to regulate the re- |
tail liquor trade. On tne contrary, it is
onr desire to see those laws strictly en
forced, and we shall do everything to help
the authorities in that regard. Let
me recite you a case that will well
illustrate what our position in this
matter is. Not long ago a saloon-keeper
in Oakland named Vananee was arrested
on a charge of selling liquor to a minor,
lie was a member of our association and
at once hurried over to this side and called
on me to aid him. I asked him if he had
sold liquor to a minor and he tried to evade
the question, but 1 insisted on an answer.
He finally said : 'I guess I did.' lat once
ordered him out of the office and told him
that I would instruct the counsel of the
to aid in his prosecution. which
'idid.
"If the law providing for a $300 minimum
is passed a State commission should also
be provided for to act as a board of
licenses, whose duty it will be to deter
mine who are proper persons to hold
licenses. Senator Sherman has said that
it was only a measure of this kind that
removed the whisky traffic from politics in
Ohio. The passage of such a law would, j
of course, obviate the necessity of the
existence of our association.
• "We have now in good running order
thirty-eight county auxiliary associations
in the State, in as many counties, and hope
to extend the branches' to every county.
"One of the important qualification's for
membership is that the applicant shall be
of good reputation and shall never have
been convicted in any court of a crime."
According to the by-laws of the associa
tion its power is permanently centralized
among the wholesale liquor dealers of this
City. The board of trustees, which is the
governing body of the organization, can
only be elected from the locnl wholesale
merchants in the liquor business. The
trustees at present are: J. P. Edoff, presi-
Ident; E. It. Lilienthal, vice-president;
William Alfs, treasurer; J. H. Mundy,
Fred Staude, Joseph M. Loew, Thomas
Kirkpafrick, Rudolph Tanssig, Henry M.
Campe and John Wolf. Wintield Scott is
secretary of the association and George W.
Baker is the attorney.
Absolute and complete control over the
entire business of the association is vested
in the board of txustess. One of the by
laws says: "They shall determine its
policy, shape its course and manage its af
fairs in such a manner as shall seem to
them to be most conducive to the welfare,
advancement and business prosperity of its
members."
Another by-law relative to county aux
iliary associations reads : "Theylshall.un
der no circumstances in the name of the
association espouse the cause of any polit
ical party or candidate, unless such action
is necessary to protect the interests of the
association, and then only of such candi
dates for such offices as directly affect this
association or its members."
The political restriction on individnal
members is thus prescribed: I *AH mem
bers of this association are absolutely pro
hibited, under any and all drcuni stances,
from taking up, .as firms or individuals,
any matters of State or local issues.
• • * In the event of any member of
the association violating this article the
penalty will be a line of not less than $500,
and, if not paid, expulsion from this asso
ciation." ____________
Unchanged Rates Until May.
In a circular issued by the Panama Railroad
Company yesterday the sailings of the steam
ers of the Columbian line are given up to and
including the 30th of April. In the same cir
cular it is stated that the rates now in force on
westbound business via Panama will remain
unchanged until May 1, 1890.
Becomes Spokane's Chief of Police,
SPOKANE, Wash., Mar. 17.— After a
six months' struggle between the City
Council and the Mayor, the former to-day
confirmed the appointment of William
Hawthorne as Cnief of Police. For six
months the Mayor has had charge of the
police department, acting as Chief, he de
claring that an emereency existed, as the
council had summarily removed the for
mer Chief without cause.
ioewto-day.
"Red
Letter
Days."
Good furniture.
Low prices.
New customers (steady
customers).
That's the whole story —
the why and wherefore of
"Red Letter Day" sales.
A little bit of a picture of a grent big table— just
to give you an idea of "Red Letter Day" prices on
furniture for the library.
Library= table
$15.00.
It's large :
Top 4x2Va feet.
Polished oak, quarter-sawed— (so as to show the
rich grain.)
'2 large drawers.
shelf underneath.
Smaller (same style) if
you'd rather have it — $15.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
II 7- 1 23 Geary Street.
.; NEW TO-DAY.
1* * Props* &shz Hoixc^^
* ■ ■
-?•■ Some specially good things ' Some new and seasonable *
* are announeeil to-day. Don't ! articles arc quoted here at *f-
I miss them. special price. T
{ Ladies' Sailor | Ladies^ring $
* Hats, Suits, 4-
I 35c and 50c. I 7 50 Each, f
bfack Canton bra.ds, nicely „ht a b , d r suit .
$ SS?- BSBBBz t
where under_7sc apiece. box front, ripple back jackets.
I Silk Striped A " stolrom _! 2IMO ' f
I Challies, p g New Wash f
I 25c Yard. ; Qoods |
r. All beautiful light -tinted A . ". _ r •- ♦
T-" grounds, figured in neat floral Al ICC V<\ f*fl T"
4* effects and illuminated with <r * 1 ' O v ItilUl
silk stripes. They are just To hand yesterday. Just
"* loaded with the exuberance of opened and sparkling with '^
•£$ . "joyous spring.'.' See them. brightness; new silk effect ->j»
J), No such challies ever offered I plisses, new lace organdies, .-9
T* 5 " ■ for less than 40c or SOC a yard. I new dotted Swiss mullc, in -"
4$ • evening colors, new dimities, -^»-
fc INIpW new French organdies. The s*
•^r livW loveliest patterns imaginable. "^T
4^ TfJmminrvc All at 15c a yard.
I Trimmings ■ ******? |
* At 25c Yard, Cfji^ Chnrt FnriQ "t
i&V All the new narrow effects at OIIIV ♦JllUl L l^llUO A.
f this orice. Iridescfnts, beaded nr A jjoa o rA j nir,, vj <«
# in black and colors, spangle Zdt, 40C, dOC ami 7&C 1(1. *
4* gallowes and combinations of vve have divided our entire ac- *f»
t all kinds. Any of them at 25c cumulations of all sorts of dL
a yard. At higher prices we short ends of Fancy Silks into *T
JL%. show exquisite creations with tnese four prices. Goods *§»
*Z the new Moniton lace work in- among them worth up to $1 50
"T? sertions. a yard. if you need a little *V»
<& _, :^-' _ J|( piece of silk for lining or a new ty
* Shoe Selling s*S.'.'s^ this isa Ire " #
J& ■. la almost over with. us. We —^_ -:|»
fc haven't much left, but what « j. . f t a. ±2*.
<f there is can be yours for very LaClieS JaCKeiS, T
4* llttle /t% of.*
#' c-.t;.i <linnpr<; $5.00 Each. 4.
i& piipper>, Over iO different styles to *£>
L dj. _ n DniV select from. Kerseys, coverts,
* r , :,., •PI»^U rdll . meltons and fancy mixtures, "^j
-«^r Any pair of Shoes left in stock, all in the latest and most fash- -:•§••
t, irrespective of kind, quality or lonable box-shape jackets, rip- v*
T? the former selling price, can be pie backs and full sleeves. $5
•4* had for $1 50. will be a leading price with us *|»
&, LADIES' CHILDREN'S AND this spring, and for it you can :W:
"^ MISSES', RUBBERS, 15c a buy of us such jackets as $7 50
4* -<'■ pair. Do these prices appeal wouldn't buy elsewhere. Come •^«
jt. to you ? k and see.
I MARKET ST.,COR. TAYLOR GOLDEKATE AYE. f
— ~. : ~ : : : ~ ; ~ n ~ .•■■■■:■. / •'. ■-■•-■- ■.• ■--• -••■-■• ' ~ .
RAILROAD TRA.VEI:
BIG REDUCTION M RATES BY RAIL
■ v-i • . ■ ....T0.... ■■ .
FOUTZjAJXTP. '-:€XEtm
THURSDAY ..MARCH 19,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, .foot
of Market St.. at 8:00 p. v.
IST" mm— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tourist
wOiUU deeper. . -. r-;?' 1 .-.-..-,
...'.ALSO.'... '
First-class tickets including berth In Ol fi.OO
Pullmau standard Sleeper, ; ■ . tJpXV—
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»-
gengers at Intermediate stations, nor wiU tiolcets ba
sold or baggage checked to such points. . .
£»- Tltruiisth Tickets for Pu^et Soand
points on Sale at Keduced Kates. .
For furtheT Information apDlr at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotal
. Ticket Offloe), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. ' T. H. GOODMAJT,
Pen. Traflio Mgr. -■■'.' Gen. Pass. Agt
SMFRAiIISCOiKORTHPA^
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
■ ; . • San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 A. if.; 12:S»
8:80, 6:10, 8:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. v.
80KDAY8— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:3*
6:00, 6:2U c. M.
San Kafael to San Francisco.'
WEEK' DAYS-6-.25, 7:65, ! 9:30, 11:10 a. *.;
13:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1 :.'.5 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 8:4%
6:00, 6:25 P. if.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule as above. .•.■■-•..■. .■ ■ ■
Leave Tnpffort " Arrive
San Francisco. oct 28, San Fr ncl *°*
Days. dayb. "*»»nfttlon. 3AYB | W«m"'
Days. | days. "M»nMlon. BAY(k | p AY>)
7:40 am 8:00 am I Novato, 10:40 am | 8:60
3:30 9:30 am] Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 6:00 PMJSanta Rosa. 7:30 pm I B:15 PM
Fulton, . . •
7:40 Windsor, 10:30 am
' Healdsburg, • ■■ . :
■ . Qeyservllle, . ■ < .;-i
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 fm
;••■; --- ?•■ > Pieta,:- •:.— ."■.. ■'
IPieta, <fc -■ . ,
Hopland *
7:40 am 8:00 AM Ukiah. 7:30 PM 6:15 pm
7:40 am i ~~ 10:30 am
— ••■i.'-. 8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm •■
8:30 pm j , y 6:16 pm
7:40 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:50 am
6:lopm 6:oopm and 6:05 pmj 6:15 PM
: : •■ I I Glen Ellen. ■'■■ : I '■':-■'■'■■-
-7:40 am|8:00 am| c Ko. t nnnl 110:40 am 1 10:30 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm | Sebastopol. | 6:05 pm 6:16 pm
Stages connect at San Rafa;l for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Springs,
K*lseyville, Lakeport. . . -
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City, Fort Brasrg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka. v ■■■'..•■ . •■
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points be*
youd San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket OfliePS. 650 Market St., Chronicle building,
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MTfl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
; ; (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
*:■■•■ ■•'•.■■••..■: WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Volley and san Rafael— 7:3o, 9-15, 11:00
A. M.; 1:45.3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p.m. i
Ban Quentln— 7:3o,9:l6 a. m. : 1:45, 6:16 p. m.
Kxtr* trips >. Jor San ; Ratael . on ' Mondays, Wedues-
' days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. M.
' . . . ■ ■■■-■--. ■ ;■.: SUNDAYS. ■■-■ ' ;'' . : :.
I"or Mill Valley, San Rafael and . San Qnentln—'
8:00.10:00,11:30 a.m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, *6:ia
r. M. *l>oea not run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. ]
7:30 A. M. — C'azadero and way stations. '■'■
1:46 P. M. Saturdays— Tomaies and way stations. -
-• :00 a. m. Sundays— Pol m Reres ana way stationa : I
i — —^— — — — — — — — — —^ — I
COAL! COAL!
We11inKt0n.:....... '...SIOOO ' ..„'
Southfield .................... -9 50 ....
Genuine Coos 8ay...........' 7 Half toa . 3 50
Beattle. .800— Half toa 4OU !
8ryunt;..... ..-..;;...'.;.:.•..., boo— Half toa 40U
*" Telephone— 'Black— 3s. ;:
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.V
BK2 Howard Street, Near Fir it* :
■■■[.'-; . RAILROAD TRAVEL: ;
•OUIMaM PAffFfC COIPAIT,
v . (PACIFIC BYHTEM.> O '
' TralMa l«stTe nml are due to xirUr sit
.-.SAN FIUNi'MCO.
LIAVB — FltOM November 20, 1395. — ' ARRITI
~S: 30 a Haywards, Nileaand Way Stations.. 10:13 a
7:00 a Atlantic lOxpreKS, Ogdeu aud F.ast.. 8:43r
7iooa Benicia. Vacatille. Rumsey. Sacra-
-1 - .- mento, and Redding via DaTls. . .. 7:19p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis*
' toga and Santa Roe% 6:13»
8:30 a Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone, .
• Sacramento, Marysviilc, Red liliiff
aud Sundays excepted Oroville.... 4:1 Up
■ *B:S*)a Peters and Mi1t0n.................. *7:lBp
9:00 a San Leandro, Haywards t Way St'ns 11i40a
•:00a Los Angeles Kxpress, Raymond, . ; .-■ ■:■.:■
'. (for Yosemlte), Santa Barbara
and Los Aueeles....... 4:4Ss»
9:00 a Martinez and Btockton 1 0:43
10:00 a San Leandro, K*ywards and Niles.. 1: 13p .
1S:00m San Leandro. Haywards A Way St'ns 2:45p
- l:OOp Niles, San Joso and LiTermore 8:43 a.
*1:00p Sacramento lliver Steamers ■•0:00*
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t's'M*
. 3:00p San Leandro, Ha;wards& Way Bt'us S:49r
4:00p San Leandro. Uaywards& Way St'ns B<4Sp
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon, - Vallejo, ■';'-.-
-■Napa, Caliatoga, 1.1 Verano and
Santa T.osa 9tllA
CiM» Benleia, Esparto, Woodlaud, i >
" % Knfglits • Lauding, '■'.■ Marysville,
' OroTille and Sacramento ......... 10i4B*
4iMp Niles, San Jos*. LiTermbro and
Stockton 7tl*>
5:00p San Leandro, Haywards Way St'ns 8:48*
Bi3op New Orleans Expr«E<,Fresuo,Bakers-
n»d, Santa Barbara.Los Aogeles,
:. DemluK, El Paso, Kew Orleans and
East [I«:4>a
B:3*p Santa Fo Route,' Atlautio Express
for Mojave and Ea5t......... 10:40*
• :»Op European MaiJ, Ogden and East.... 0:45*.
6jW«? Haywards, Niles aud San J05e...... 7(411*.
I J7:oop Vallejo .....: f7:45y
7:OOp Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys- . ■v-..-^:
Tllle, ■ Redding, Portland, Png«t
Sound and Kast 10:43*
7ioop San Leandro, Haywards Way St'ns 1 0:30p
9:OOp San Leandro, Hay wardsfc Way St 'us ttl2:*«A
sjl •(•Or " Sunset I.>ui!ted," Fresno, Los
>. Angeles, El Pas«, New Orlesuis -JS
JmdEa5t...... ......:..... §15*145»
fttlilß^Ban Leandro, Haywards & Way Sf na TilS*
___ BASTA CRPZ DIVISION (yarrow €1wds;»).
. Biloa I le.Han. lose, Felton, ' "*
■■! ■'.: '■■-"• Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way y
Stations SiSt|
- *tilBp Newark, Centcrvillo, Ban Jose, New
'.. : ■ ■ • Altnaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, '.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.. *ll:a«4
4il3p Newark, »San Joss and Los Oatos . . . 9:00*
♦11i43p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
, Way8tati0n5..................... Pl7»a»
COAST lUIISION (Tlilnl It 'i'ownsend SU.)
•(43a San Josa and Way Statious (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:4Sf
SilSa Sau Jose, Trea Pinos, Saota Cruz,
Pacific Grore, Paso Roblef,' San
■ Luis Obtspo, Guadalnpe and Priu-
- '. i' clpal Way Stations 7:*Ss>
10i4»a Sau Jose and Way Stations 5:OO?
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... S:8»i
•2:SOp San Jose, Gilroy. Tres Finos, Santa
. Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
GroTo # I0:40a
*8:S0p San Jose and Principal Way Statious M:47« ■
. *4:3Or> San Jose and Way Stations.. ... *A:o6a I
5:30 p San .lose and Way Stations. *B:4Sa -
6:»Op Ban Jose aud Way Stations.. «:a.iA
>11;45p San Jose mul Way 5tati0n5.......... t?:4.lf '
CREEK route FERRY.
tmm SIN faiNCISCO-Faot of Huket Strait (Slip 8)-
-; •7:li 9:00 ; ll:00i.M. J1:OQ •2:09 t3:ot
•4:00 ;■■■-.".•: 45:00; *6:00 p.m. ■/ .
ftoai OIHAHI>— of Broadwsj.— ' «6:00 800
10:00 a.m. J12:00 *l:03 {2:00 *3:CO 11:00
. «g:OOi-.M. ■■■■■■ - • ' ■•• . ■.: -.
A for Morning. , P fo* Afternoon. .'
• Sundays excepted ••-; ■. • •...•..■ . ' /.. t Saturdays only.
$?£&»»■ t Sundays only. • .
ft Monday. Thursday and 8a tnrday nights only.
; <Tn*»daj3 and Saturdays Sundays and Tbund«y%
Atlantic "^^^^
RAILROAD W^^s^s^P
Traius leave from and arrlva *&&%*9&J33aKrj
at Market-Street Ferry. ifgp^^S^rluTFl
SANTA PE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P- Di , rec lne
f. tT every day at 3:30 f. *■• carrying Pnumaa ;
Palace Sleepers and Tourist ' Sleeprrs to t-hlcag :
via Kansas City without change. ■ Annex cars i«?
Denver and Bt. Louis. : - ;w - - t _ f , r .
; ; CHICAGO LIMITED, ,
From Los Angeles to Chicago. <
• '■- Bolld ' Vestibule ■ Train . Dally, .' with Dining-cars*
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9a. m. and 8:30 P. daily.
- The best railway from California to the Kast.
New rails, new ties'; no dust:; Interesting sceneryi
and good meal»ln Harvey's dining-room or dlnlap
**"* Ticket Offloe-644 Market Street, ;
llbjßapaaMßM Cbroniclo Buliaißa»_
910
OPEN REPUBLICAN
PRIMARIES GO
The County Committee Will
Have Charge of the
Election.
SPRECKELS WINS AGAIN.
The Fifth Congressional Com
mittee Acts in Hearty
Accord.
CLARKSON AND PARTY LEAVE.
The Allison Boom Has Found Fruitful
Soil in California and the
Pacific Coast.
The Republican affairs of the Fifth Dis
trict relating to the State Convention were
harmoniously and definiteU settled at a
meeting of the Congressional committee of
that district yesterday forenoon.
The committee unanimously referred to
the county committees of the district the
selection of delegates to the State conven
tion, deciding with practical unanimity
that this was the wisest and fairest course
and the one most in harmony with the
spirit and methods of the party.
This action was another decided victory
for John D. SprecKels and the policy he is
endeavoring to carry out in the interest of
clean politics and party harmony.
The representatives of Santa Clara and
Pan Mateo counties in this committee and
the State Central committeemen repre
senting those counties were inclined at 1
first to constitute a faction by themselves,
and there was Jast week some danger
that a lack of harmony in the committee
would result. Yesterday, however, they
joined with the friend* of John D. Spreck
els in all that was done.
The committee met at 11 A. M. in the law
office of John E. Richards in the Crocker
building, and the meet fng lasted a little
over an hour. Six of the seven members
were present, as follows: Chairman J. W.
Rea of Santa Clara. Secretary John E.
Richards, Robert L. Toplitz, A* L. Stetson
and C. S. Laumeister of San Francisco; W.
B. Lawrence of San Mateo. William Moir
of Santa Clara was represented by Louis
Montgomery, proxy.
The minutes were approved and then
the resolution referring the matter of the
selection of delegates to the county com
mittees, which was informally discussed at
the tirst meeting, last Saturday, was pre
sented by John E. Richards.
C. S. Laumeister offered an amendment
to the second section of the resolution, the
amendment providing that selection of
delegates be under the exclusive manage
ment of the individual county committee
men from the respective Assembly dis
tricts. Discussion showed that the amend
ment would take all power and supervision
from the county committee?. Tne repre
sentative of each Assembly district in this
City, for instance, would have exclusive
control of the selection of delegates. The
amendment was defeated by six votes,
Laumeister's being the only affirmative
one.
The original resolution was then put and
carried by six votes. The resolution is
as follows":
Whereas, At the meeting of the members of
the Republican State Central Committee from
the Fifth Congressional District of the State of
California, duty and regularly called and held
on the 12th day of March, 189G, at Redwood
City in the county of San Mateo, State of Cali
fornia, at which said meeting all of the said
members from said district were present, a
resolution was duly and regularly adopted
providing tha.t the following named seven
persons, electors and residents of said Fifth
Congressional District, should be and were
thereby appointed as the committee of seven
persons from the residents of such district who
should act as Con} ressional committee thereof,
to wit: Robert L. Toplitz, John E. Richards, A.
L. Stetson, C. S. Laumeister, W. B. Lawrence,
James \V. Rea and William Moir; and whereas,
at the said meeting a resolution was also duly
and regulariy adopted providing "that it is the
sense of this committee that the manner and
supervision of the selection of delegates to the
State convention should be left in the hards of
the county committees oi the several coun
ties" ; and wh3reas, it is the sense of said com
mittee that local self-government should be
maintained and accorded to the electors of
each political subdivision of this State and
district within which elections are to be held,
anu that the management and control of such
elections should be placed in the hands of the
regularly constituted committees of the Re
publican party within such ai.strict, subject
only to the supervision of this committee and
in accordance with this resolution and call of
the Republican National Committee and of
the iState Central Committee duly and regu
larly passed at the recent respective meetings
thereof, now, therefore, it is hereby
Resolved, First— That it is in harmony with
the principles of the Retiublicau party of the
Slate of California, and it is essential to its
success in the coming State and National ca-n
--paign, that every effort should be put forth
and every means adopted, by the regulariy or
ganized agencies and committees of the Re
publican narty to secure an honest selection of
delegates to tiie State mid District Republican
conventions oi the State of California, and to
the Republican National Convention. •
Second— That to tnat end It shall be and is
Hereby ordered that the Republican County
committees in the several counties, and por
tions thereof, constituting the Fifth Congres
sional District of the State of California, shall
be and are hereby given the power and discre
tion to determine within their respective coun
ties the manner and supervision of the selec
tion of delegates to the said Stnte and district
conventions, and to provide for the selection
thereof by appointment or by primary elec
tions within the ; r respective counties as in
their eaid discretion shall seem best, in order
to carry out the foregoing purposes.
Third— That the test tor voters at such pri
mary election as may be held shall be: "I be
lieve in Republican principles and indorse the
Republican policy, and intend to support the
nominees of The Republican party."
Fourth— That a Congressional district con
vention of the delegates to be selected as above
set forth shall be and is hereby called to meet
at the City of Sacramento, State of California,
on Tuesday, May — , 1896, for the purpose of
selecting two delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention to be held at the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, on Tuesday,
June 16, 1896, and to represent the Raid Fifth
Congressional District ot the State of Califor
nia in such convention, and for the selection
of two alternate delegate! to act in case of the
absence of the delegates tirst chosen, and to do
and perform such other business as may come
before said district convention.
Fifth— That the details of holding and con
ducting such above-named primary elections
as may be held in th-j various election pre
cincts "of the said Fifth Congressional. District,
and of appointing and equipping the election
officers required under the law to conduct
said election within said district 'and of pro
viding all necessary assistance to such election
oflieers, and the ballot-boxes, ballots, registers
and other material and paraphernalia f or the
proper conduct of such primary election shall
be and is hereby delegated and intrusted to
the membersot the present Republican County
Central Committee of the the counties of
San ta Clara and San Mateo respectively, and
to those members of the Republican County
Central Committee of the City of San Francisco
from the several Assembly districts within said
Fifth Congressional District, said Republican
County Central commit tees, or portion thereof,
respectively, to conduct said primary election
within their and each of tlieir respective coun
ties under the genera! supervision and control
of this committee, aud that the said membersof
the county committee, respectively, shall be
and are hereby authorized and empowered to
provide for the time and place of holding and
to conduct said primary election within their
respective portions of said district and to cer
tify the vote cast et their primary election
from the various election precincts within
their respective counties in said district and
the names of the delegates selected ;n their re
spective counties and portions thereof to this
committee, w hicn will act as a returning |
board thereon and will certify the result there
to the aforesaid State and district conven
tions.
Sixth— That all contests arising out of or
concerning said primary election must be
tiled with the secretary of this Congressional
committee in writing, with a full statement of
the ground of contest, at least fifteen days
preceding the meeting of said State Conven
tion, and this committee shall determine such
contest and shall have the power in its dis
cretion to call and hold another primary eiec
tion in such contested precincts and to can
vass, declare and certify the result thereof.
The feature of the above resolution,
which gives the power to select delegates
to the county committees, was in part suz
gested by J.W. Rea of Santa Clara and
George C. Ross of San Mateo. The sug
gestion embodied in the resolution above
quoted was adopted last Thursday on mo
tion of George 0. Ross at the meeting of
State Central committeemen in Redwood
City, at which the Congressional commit
tee was appointed.
The secretary was instructed to officially
notify the county committees concerned
of the action taken and to instruct them to
promptly transmit to the Congressional
committee returns of primary elections
when any such elections are held.
There was considerable discussion of the
question of the number of delegates to the
State convention and their correct appor
tionment. Samuel M. Shortridge, who
was present, called attention to the uncer
tainty of the apportionment, and the call
adopted by the State Central Committee
left the matter somewhat indefinite. This
call provides that each Assembly district
shall be entitled to one delegate, and in ad
dition one for each 200 votes cast for M. M.
Estee for Governor or a fraction of 100 votes
or over. There was a discussion as to the
proper authority to officially declare the
apportionment, and it was decided that it
was the executive committee of the State
Central Committee. The secretary was in
structed to request the executive commit
tee to make the apportionment.
The committee then adjourned to meet
at the call uf the chair.
By the action, then, of this committee
yesterday the county committees of the
Fifth District are given full power to select
delegates in any manner they deem best —
either by primary elections or by appoint
ment. In Santa Clara County there are
three Assembly Districts and San Mateo
County is one Assembly District.
The ' Fifth district includes seven of the
eighteen Assembly Districts in the City
and County of San Francisco. They are
"the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty
sixth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, For
tieth and Forty-first. The County Com
mittee of San" Francisco will not have
jurisdiction as a whole over the selection
of delegates from these districts. The bus
iness will be done by that portion of the
committee representing Assembly districts
in the Fifth Congressional District. For
I this purpose the seven county committee
men from the districts named will practi
cally constitute a county committee.
The county committee men who will
manage the selection of delegates in that
portion of the City lying in the Fifth Con
gressional District are: Tbirtv-fourth Dis
trict, John Jackson; Thirty-fifth, I. H.
Thompson; Thirty-sixth, C. W. Manwar
ing; lhirty-seventh, James Alva Watt;
Thirty-eighth, Grove Ayers; Fortieth,
Jesse E. Marks; Forty-first. C. G. Clinch.
Whether the County Committees of San
Mateo and Santa Clara counties will ap
point delegates or hold a primary is not
definitely determined.
The County Committee of San Francisco
will proceed to hold an open primary for
the selection of delegates from this City -to
the State Convention or, more accurately,
the aggregation of seven Congressional
conventions. The members of the County
Committee, John D. Spreckels and the
large majority of the local party favor this
pJan without reserve. The County Com
mittee will be officially notified at once of
its powers and duties as expressed in the
resolution adopted yesterday. The com
mittee will hold a meeting during the j
latter pan of this week or early next week |
to issue a call for a primary and to other- j
wise prepare for the election.
As the regular Congressional committee |
of the Fourth District has already referred
the selection of delegates to the County
Committee, this committee now lias the
primary for the entire City in its hands in
the regular and usual way. The same
policy and method will be pursued un
doubtedly in both districts, but the united
sentiment and decision of the committee
will be officially segregated between the
representatives of tne two districts, each
body issuing a call and appointing election |
officers.
A CLUB WITH A RECORD.
The Howard Republican Club Is
Booming and Ambitious.
The Howard Republican Club held a
rousing meeting in the largest hall of
Pythian Castle at 909 Market street last
evening. There were more numbers pres
ent than there were chairs and genuine
Republican campaign enthusiasm was dis
played.
The main features of the evening's pro
ceedings were addresses by Colonel T. V.
Eddy and others, sones by Messrs. Gal
lagher, Barrett and others, and the adop
tion of a strong resolution in favor of an
open primary election. Speeches, songs
and resolutions were vigorously applauded.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this club that
it is lor the best interests of the Republican
party and essential to harmony and success
thatin the selection of delegates to the Na
tional, State and Municipal conventions, open
primaries be held with equal representation to
all parties.
The Howard Club is one of the oldest, !
largest and best known Republican clubs j
in the City. It was organized twelve years '
ago by Phil Crimmins, and for sometime j
its membership was largely confined to the i
district south of Market street. It has i
grown, prospered and widened, been a j
strong factor in every Republican cam
paign for years, and now its 300 members
represent nearly every district in the City
and include a" large number of leading
Republicans. It proposes to be the lead
ing uniformed club of the City during the
coming campaign, and to be a* central club
rather than one representing any particu
lar section of the City. It includes a great
many of the friends of John D. Spreckels,
and its members unanimously indorse the
policy which Mr. Spreckels is endeavoring
to see carried out in the party.
The club resumed its bi-weekly meetings
in December last, and on December 17
elected the following officers for the en
suing year: President, C. E. Newman;
first vice-president. Fred Fry; second vice
president, Ernest Litchen ; third vice-presi-
A. W. WILSON'S NEW FIVE-STORY. BRICK BUILDING ON
MISSION STREET, NEAR FOURTH.
The upper floors containing 100 rooms
are designed lor use for hotel or rooming
house purposes. The ground floor is one
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
dent, Thomas McDermott; recording sec
retary. Thomas F. Graham; corresponding
secretary. John W. Koch; financial sec
retary, D. J. Crowley; treasurer, Fred
Eggers; marshal, John F. Kelly; direc
tors, W. J. Blattner, George Bryant, B.
Dougherty, Frank Cornyn, Thomas Fel
lows, J. J.'Grieff, Thomas J.Tully, Thomas
Fleming.
Permanent and commodious headquar
ters will soon be engaged.
HOW "JIM" REA STANDS.
Approves the Leadership of John
D. Spreckels and Foresees
Party Success.
James W. Rea of San Jose, chairman
of the Fifth Congressional Committee, was
asked by a Call reporter after the meeting
yesterday how the action of the committee
ana the situation in the Fifth District
suited him.
"I am pleased with the situation," he
said. "At first I was not inclined to join
the forces of Mr. Spreckels, but after hav
ing talked with him, and become more
fully acquainted with his plans. I found
that he waß for clean, straight politics, and
that he advocated open primaries, thereby
recognizing local self-government by
means of which a full expression of public
sentiment may be had.
"And beyond this, 1 recognized in Mr.
Spreckels a man of education and train
ing, fit to lead the forces of the Republi
can party; a man possessed of great force
of character and successful in large busi
ness enterprises. He has displayed in
whatever he has undertaken the qualities
of leadership.
"The politics of the State of California
has long needed such a leader, and, recog
nizing his abilities in that direction, I
have concluded to join forces with him.
He has come up logically as the leader of
the Republican party in this State, and it
is universally admitted that he possesses
character and ability to treat all interests
fairly and justly, and harmonize all ele
ments of the party."
"You are pleased, then, with the condi
tion of the affairs of the Fifth Congres
sional District?"
"Very much, indeed," said Mr. Rea. "I
am satisfied that the people will approve
of the action of the committee, ana that*
the Republican party will carry the dis
trict by a- large majority."
GEN. CLARKSON DEPARTS.
Goes North With His Party to
Talk Business and
Allison.
General J. 8. Clarkson of lowa and
his party, consisting of State Senator W.
H. Andrews of Pennsylvania, Major Ford
of Dcs Moines, lowa, and JL W. Barnes,
stenographer, departed for Portland last
evening.
B. F. Allen of Los Angeles, an old lowa
friend of Mr. Clarkson, who accompanied
the party northward from Los Angeles,
will return south. On the northward trip
the party will be accompanied by H. A.
McCraney, deputy clerk of the State Su
preme Court, and one or two other friends.
The stay of Clarkson and his party has
been brief, they having arrived on Sunday.
The members of the party have worked a
little pleasure into their bu?<y hours, but
their time has been mainly occupied in re
ceiving callers and attending to private
business matters, those of Mr. Clarkson re
lating^to his California mining interests.
During Sunday, Monday and yesterday
there was a constant stream of visitors to
the Palace Hotel quarters of the party.
Tne visitors included nearly all the lead
ing Republicans of the City and a great
number of lowans and others who called
as friends of General Clarkson or Senator
Allison, or both. Many Pennsylvania's
too called upon Senator Andrews, who is
handsome, magnetic and politic.
General Clarkson has firmly planted in
California the Allison boom, wnich he is
looking after as he proceeds on hia tour.
What he has said in the course of the in
terviews with him published since his
arrival in the State has been widely noted,
and the wisdom of the main things he has
said has been generally recognized. Mr.
Clarkson's discussion of Senator Allison
as a strong Presidential candidate has
somewhat brought out the extent to which
Mr. Allison is esteemed on the Pacific
Coast and the immense number of personal
friends and admirers he has out here.
"I have found that the Pacific Coast
States and Territories contain friends of
all the men most prominently talked of
as Presidential candidates," said Mr.
Clarkson as he stopped to talk a minute
! before leaving; "but there is also a gen
i eral disposition to wait and see wriat is
I best for the party. I think that seven of
| the Pacific Coast States — those of the
j Rocky Mountain region and westward —
! will send unpledged delegations to the
I National Convention and will wield there
j a power they have not wielded before.
j The Republican party is going to be
i guided this year by sense instead of senti
j ment, as General Williams of Indiana said
|to me recently. Nobody will be nomi-
I nated on the first ballot. McKinley will
j get between 280 and 300 votes on the first
| ballot— not more than 300. There have
I been 100 delegates elected in the South,
i and he has not got more than half oi
j them. Well, the time will early come,
i when the hurrah subsides and the fire
| works are out, that the convention will se
! riousiy think of what is best for the party
and be guided by that judgment."
"I observe that Allison is very strong in
this State," said H. A. McCraney, who is
j one of the Californians from lowa. "Mc
; Kinley and Reed have many friends, too.
| There are a good many Maine men in this
State, and they are naturally friendly to
j Reed, while he has many other admirers
j through the party.
"But the Slate is fullof Allison's friends,
especially the southern part. There are
thousands of lowans here. In Pasadena
and neighborhood alone there is an associ
ation numbering 2600. Every lowan is
with Allison from the jump.
•'A very great number of them have
known him personally, and everybody
that has every known him loves him. He
has-a great big heart in him. When he
says that he will do anything for a friend
he will probably do more than was asked,
and he is always loyal to his friends. No
man in public life has so unblemished a
record. His life has been clean. He is a
statesman, a man of intellect and
character, loved by those who know
him personally ana respected and ad
mired by others. So besides the
lar^e sti re. It is finished in first-class
stj'le thr( uehout ard is supplied with all
modern conveniences, including elevator.
lowans in California there is a
great number who have great admiration
and esteem for him and who recognize his
worth and the many things that would
make him a popular and available candi
date."
Allison buttons have been dispensed in
wholesale quantities to callers at Clark
son's headquarters. The party will visit
Tacoma and Seattle, then go to Montana,
returning to Chicago by way of Salt Lake
City.
The McKinley Club.
The McKinley Club of the Forty-first
Assembly District has issued a circular of
appeal to the Republicans of that district
inviting prompt co-operation in an effort
to arouse early interest, in the broad issues
of the coming campaign. The appeal urges
party harmony in the interest of the prin
ciples of tne party and states that though
the club was given the name it bears in its
organization three years aco it has no pre
ferred candidate. It invites attendance at
a meeting to be held to-morrow evening in
Pixley Hall, corner of Polk and Pacific
streets, at which speeches will be made.
H. C. Firebaugh is president of tne club
and John S. Daley secretary.
COMPANY F`S ELECTION
Lieutenant Nippert Is Promoted
and Private Masury
Rises.
The Historic Company That Has Fur
nished Many of the Superior Offi-
cers of the National Guard.
The members of Company F, First Regi
ment, N. G. C, Captain John A. Miller,
met in the armory of the Nationals on
F. A. Nippert, First lieutenant, Company
F, First Regiment, N. G. C.
[From a photograph.]
Ellis street last niaht and elected two
lieutenants.
This company, one of the oldest in this
City, is the historical one of which Captain
Bacon was the first commander. Previous
to the reorganization of the guard under
the present administration, it and Com
pany X formed part of the Second Artillery
Regiment, and these were merged into the
First Regircent. When this was done the
companies decided to leave the armory at
Page and Gough streets and quarter with
the Nationals in the Ellis-street armory.
By the consolidation of regiments and
the many changes following the company
found itself without lieutenants, and for
that reason an election was called for and
Captain Weeenerof Brigadier Warfield's
staff was detailed to preside.
Ninety members out of ninety -nine
answered rollcall last night, and the result
W. A. Masury, Second Lieutenant. Com
pany X, First Regiment. N. G. C.
[From a photograph.]
of the election was the choosing of F. A.
Nippert for the office of first lieutenant,
promoted from second lieutenant. Private
W. A. Masury was elected to second lieu
tenant.
Lieutenant Nippert has been connected
with the company for six years. After the
first year he was appointed corporal, the
second year he was promoted to first ser
geant and in September was elected sec
ond lieutenant.
Second Lieutenant Masury enlisted six
years ago, but for a time left Company F
to serve in 1 roop A. In '93 he returned to
the company. Both men are very popular
amone their comrades.
After the result bad been declared Cap
tain Miller called upon Lieutenant-Colonel
Victor Duboce and Major C. L. Tilden.who
each made short addresses.
Six members of the company who speak
the Hawaiian language and call them
selves the Hawaiian sextet sang several
Sonus of the islands and there followed an
old-time "smoke."
Company F has turned out more general
officers than any company. Brigadier
Last of the First Brigade, Brigadier Muller
of the Third Brigade, Colonel Macdonald
<>f the First Repiment and Lieutenant-
Colonel Duboce have all been members of
this company.
DEATH OF J. C. SMITH
Pioneer Who Had Much to Do
With Developing the Lum-
ber Interest.
Hyacinth Thief— An Editor and
Politician Almost Come to
Blows.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 17. - James
Crawford Smith, a pioneer, died yesterday
:it his home, 2252 Central avenue, of cancer
of the liver. He was a native of Tenues
i
I EVERY ONE WANTS IT. 1
£: i 3
B Although the Announcement was but Recently Made There is 3
f; Already an Almost Unprecedented Dem for That 3:
§c Great Reference Library . "'. •- -5,
£| A COMPLETE 1 FTTTQJ^r m r^ a Si I A PERFECT | |
|i| DICTIONARY. 1 JL JCjLJELm | ENCYCLOPEDIA. | |
I Encyclopaedic Dictionary ! i
•JI Many who have heard of the high value of the work through friends who possess it, or, better still, have examined _^
g~ the splendid volumes, send in their application and remittance of $1 (the first payment) at once, and to these the com- _^,
S^- plete set of volumes (over 5000 pages, with 3000 explanatory illustrations), is delivered immediately, the balance beinu
m^ payable at the rate of $1 25 per month for 1 year, or at the rate of about 4 cents per day. IF NOT FOUND PRECIbi^L.I -^j
£r AS REPRESENTED THE 'VOLUMES MAY BE RETURNED ANY TIME WITHIN 10 days, thus giving you ample _^,
time to critically examine the work. ' , , --»
Others, who can scarcely credit to remarkable an offer, write for further information, which is promptly forwarded,
together with descriptive matter, sample pages, etc., but all these should remember that the T i vv^ i4"/^ri :^ -
fe~ distribution of the work on the unheard-of terms of $1 cash and $1 25 per montn for 1 y^ar is I ,1 |T1 I I f-JI I -^«a
fc THIS SPECIAL LIMITED OFFER IS MADE FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF INTRO-*-'** * ** *'^' r^
•^ DUCING AND ADVERTISING THE WORK, AND ACQUAINTING INTELLIGENT PEO- .
£r PLE WITH ITS MANIFOLD MERITS. - |r^
i AT ONCE A DICTIONARY AND AN ENCYCLOPEDIA,
PRODUCED AT A COST OF OVER $750,000. 3
i »■'- j^Mtl :■_'■- .Wj>~4« L 2 ' £.<iFct,iCZ£ S\* rttfFJvr //// ff/J/ ff/ifj %fa
\\ I £Mnr?^ ■ * * L — r?f//j ///// ///// V
X FOUR MASSIVE VOLUMES, U^ — -^^^^^^^ AsSIY S
8,357 Pages. Weight About 40 Pounds. LOOK. X
STI BEAR IN MIND, after the 500 introductory sets have been allotted the work can be obtained only at the regular
S^ sabscription price of Forty-two dollars per set. , • . ~*sg
y- AND REMEMBER, to secure one of these special introductory sets it is only necessary to pay $1 cash and $1 25 per -^g
«fc~ month for one year, the work being delivered on receipt of the first payment, and its use and benefit enjoyed during the —^
entire year you are paying for it. On these terms only one set will be sold to any one person, and no applications will :^S
be received from booksellers. , » -^
•t- ■ A NEW WORK— The Encyclopedic Dictionary is the MOST RECENT AND COMPLETE DICTIONARY of the ''3
English language extant, and is a MOST COMPREHENSIVE ENCYCLOPEDIA, giving over Fifty Thousand Subjects
S^ Encyclopedic treatment. It includes under one Alphabet not only all the best features, of every other dictionary, but ~~S
discusses thousands of subjects not even mentioned in any other dictionary or encyclopedia. It is * ZS
E A Dictionary of Dictionaries, 1
SII Containing all modern English words, an exhaustive list of obsolete words, foreign words and phrases now current in Z^»
this country aa a part of our common language, a complete vocabulary of technical words apd recent scientific terms, and r^J
g— - a rich mine of Encyclopedic matter on all subjects. It is in fact, :^
fc (110,000 More Words Than Webster's New - Av> AKArklii +rt A i i4.k^»:i., ,
!'«>•*• ■-fflsssss.r**"*'"*- An Absolute Authority, I
3^= And accepted as such by scholars, literary men, colleges and universities wherever introduced. It is withal ' '-^g
Perfect, (134,000 MO re Than ww .t.r.) |
: Being set from new type manufactured expressly for the purpose and printed on a fine qualify of book paper. It is pro "*S
2- fusely illustrated, and handsomely and durably bound in four sumptuous volumes. THE SYNDICATE is well aware tha 13
SZ (4 Volumes at About iiOrk/M'iA/v T <-n Dal i A\ri ir»rv '* > (4 Volumes at About 'I 3»
E ' the Price of One "beeing is JBeiieving, the Price of one 3
tZI- Volume.) V-"' 11 ■& V-* wv/iivT.iii^j Volume.) 13
«EZ And therefore offer 500 introductory sets simply by way of advertising the work. Any one receiving the work may return
the same within 10 days if not found to be precisely as represented, when the money paid will be promptly refunded.
Jt^ -. Books sent only at purchaser's expense. ; ; -^
i Our Grfiat Inf rodnr.torv HflPo¥l* is n , ot /u nfi M cd tO an Francisco but applies to all sections i
£= I 111 T* llFfifll inTrflfllirJflrV UlTfir it being the special 12
z Vlll VllUlll 1111 l UUUUIvI J -VllUl purpose of the SYNDICATE to place at least one set of the -^
»- ■ . • volumes in every community for comparison with other die-
J^ tionaries and encyclopedias, thereby securing widespread and favorable publicity for this new work. To be absolutely '•■ = s
fc:; sure of securing one of these sets the initial payment of $1 should accompany your letter. '
| SEE HOW EASY IT IS TO SECURE THIS GREAT WORK. |
Bring or send $1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery street, and the entire set of 3
fc four superb volumes, bound in cloth, wiir be forwarded. The balance to be paid at the rate of $1 25 monthly for 12 ~g
months. The work will be.supplied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, and in full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12 "^
5^- months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At the time of sendins your first payment please designate '^
£l the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the 13
volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must be paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the
Jfc: first payment of $1 is receive"d, and you therefore have the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are — ■
»- paying for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued ~^
•^ and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of which is $42 on
JT- an advance payment of only $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on IS
application.. Address
% THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery Street, San Francisco. |
see. and 67 years of age. He came to Cali
fornia in 1849 by the isthmus route, and
settled at first in the Santa Clara Valley.
He was for years interested in the lumber
business in the Santa Cruz Mountains,
residing at Saratoga. He was a partner of
Doughtery, also well known in the lumber
business of Santa Cruz. In 1865 they
transferred their base of operations to
Trinidad, Humboldt County, and in 1872
Mr. Smith returned to San Francisco and
for eight years thereafter controlled the
lath business of the coast. When in 1880
he retired he was accounted to be worth
half a million. Owing to unfortunate land
investments in Contra Costa County and
in an unremunerative stock farm in Fresno
this fortune was dissipated, however, so
that lie iiied a poor man. He was very
active in politics in his active days, and
was largely instrumental in securing the
nomination of H. H. Haight for Governor
a quarter of a century ago. He also spent
money like water to secure the election of
J. H. Pudd to Congress in the memorable
buckboard campaign of 1882. Mr. Smith's
circumstances were so limited that he
sought a political appointmentof Governor
Kudd a year a^o, and was promise t one,
but the promise, his friends claim, was
ignored.
Almost to Blows.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 17. —Dr.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Thomas Carpenter and E. L. Marshall,
proprietor of the Telegram, had an alter
cation on the street this evening that
almost came to blows. Marshall has been
saying harsh things of Carpenter's Ameri
canism, as Carpenter is prominent in the
A. P. A. agitation. Carpenter jumped
from his buggy on Park street as he espied
Marshall at the southeast corner of Park
street and Santa Clara avenue, and marie
for him in a menscing manner. The two
men jawed and called each other names
for awhile, when Carpenter drew off as
though to strike Marshall. The latter
drew back and declared that if Carpenter
struck him he would be sorry, and then
the quarrel was dropped and the parties
went their respective ways.
Attempted Suicide.
ALAMED4, Cal., March 17.— A man
named Hayes attempted to commit suicide
to-night by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid. The man's rash act was caused by
despondency, brought on by drink. He
conducts a plumbers-shop on Park street.
His identity could not be learned. Dr.
Zeyn pulled him out of danger.
Do Not Relish It.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. March 17.— Alameda
does not relish the idea of having the
"nasty" cases of Oakland brought here
for trial. J. B. Morrison, a sailmaker,
charged with assaulting a young girl
named Stella Dietrich, was arrested on a
warrant issued by Justice Morris, sworn
NEW FOTIJCATOJWu^-^^-^
to by Mrs. Prescott of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. 'Mor
rison has a sail loft on the Oakland side,
near Alice-street, bridge. Warrants are
i out for two other men, one of whom is a
| sailor on theElectra and the other a rno
| terraan. None of the parties reside in
Alameda, nor were the offenses as alleged
committed in the city limits.
Hyacinth Thief.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 17.— Alameda
is worried by a flower thief who has a
i penchant for hyacinths. He goes around
in the dark and with the unerring instincts
of a gopher discovers and despoils the
finest plants though in the dark. He may
have tak°n note of and marked the places
where there were the finest plants before
nightfall. At any rate be is worrying the
householders who have gardens. One in
dignant gentleman offers $20 for informa
tion that will lead to the apprehension of
the miscreant.
School Census Marshal.
ALAMEDA. Cal., March 17.— J. J. Bal
lintine was unanimously elected by the
Board of Education at its meeting to-night
school census marshal. There were seve
ral applications in for the place. Ballin
tine has occupied this position before,
serving several terms.
The population of Mexico is two and one
' half times that of Canada.BABE WON THE SHAMROCK
Too Fast for the Other Murphys,
Pat and Tim, in the
Handicap.
BIG CBOWD AT THE RACES.
Mr. Simpkins Astride Aladdin Was
First Past the Wire in the
Gentlemen's Race.
The day named in honor of Ireland's
patron saint was observed with much eclat
at Ingleside track. Everywhere were the
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Cifty- ninth Day of the. Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Tuesday,
r March i 7. i 896. Weather Fine.
lodex.
Horse, weight.
%
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
842
842
842
849
83'J
804
823 i
Ktngstreet ill 6
jDolore 102 t
[InHammator 103 1
Viking 105 S
AUantis 100 4
Vencedor 108 5
ißrerewood 100 left
3h
1 h
22
4 S
5 10
6
3 10
2 h
If'
5 10
6
1V B
210 I
3 1
44
5 10
6
i.ninn
Macklin
R. Isodi
Snider
W. Tate
Cochran
1-3
6
50
30
100
6
30
7-20
5
40
SO
100
12
100
I
i
; i
Johnson
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Burns <& Waterhouse's b. g., by King Thonias-Deceptlon.
Time, :SH/i.
QK£* SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling: four-year olds and upward; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
3 ,i
Betting.
Op. Cl.
831 1
837
8»1
831
722 I
800
837
822 1
789 I
645 !
iTheJudge,6 10s ■-'
starling, 5 107, 3
Garcia, a 11l 1 I
Irish Chief, a 105 10 ,
i Comrade, a 105 H
Ashlnd Ecltpse,4.lo2i 11
jMiddleton, 6 105 4
'Podiga, 6 105 9 '
! Prince Devine, 4. . 102 8 I
; Bravura. 4 100| 6 |
iSobrante, a 108 7
!
1
!
1
2 5
3i/a
61
5 ij
n>
84
1 h
4 Va
92
11
10 2
2 1
31
6 2
1%
7 2
13
4V5j
9 3
10 5
11
2Va
3 2
5
6
7
8
13
43
9
10
11
1 1
24
34
56
6 3
7 2
812
91
10 50
11
J. Chorn \
McHugh ...;... i
Shields ;
Rowan ......... 1
Snider.
Coehrnn : ;.*..... •
Beauchamp
Slaughter. ..'..-.. '
H.Maniu. .'..;..
E. J0ne5...'.;... !
j Peoples j
2
10
10
(SO
8
8
10
30
I 6
10
2
10
5
80
10
15
20
3
60
15
40
i
Startintr-frate used.
Time, 1:19* i.
Won handily. Winner, Z. Abraham's b. h., by imp. Loyallst-iiritish. vtueen.
QfJ7 THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weighu I St. I
Vi
x.3 I 84 Str. Fin.
6 10 31 31 12
lh . 2 1 2 3 2 3A'
3h 4144 34
2 1 1 1,2 1 Va 4 6
7 7 6 56
4 y, 5 20 6 6 50
6 4 6 7 7 -.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
i
838 Mobalaska, 3 90 4
(838) Mt. McGregor 11,3 95' 3
847 Kanism, 3. 102 1
Ml Shieldbearer, 4...K1-J B
808 I Nephew, t> 105 7
846 IBrawScot, a 102 S
830 Sagamore, 3 91 6
I 53
11
3h
! 4h
».7 >■
1 21A
6^
Garner i
K. Jones
Cochran
R, Isom.'
i 3
2 '
3.
8
12
4
20
8
8-5
5
8
15
16-5
60
Coady
Slaughter
jstufflett
Stariin/-gate used.
Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrlsjan's br. f.. by Apache-Tricksey. Time, l:3oi*.
Q~Q FOURTH RACK— One and a half miles over six hurdles; handicap; polo ponies; value $400.
Aladdin 157|
Li Hung Chang... 170;
Barbara. 16P 1
;Ualioping Dick. ..175!
jTripe 165!
.Conejo 176 i
Jumping Jack 186
.Brnudy 170-
Horse, weight.
] 6 44
5 13
I 7
; i 32
! 3 2Ms
7 620
: . 88
4 52 j
std. V* ' I %
3 1 12 1 JUs
44 33 2 20
7 7i 8
5 6 620 4 2
lh 2 % 320
210 410 5 2
8" 8 7
620 54 I *
16 14 |Mr. Simpkins
250 U 100 Mr. Henshaw
42 134 Mr. McCreery
5 100 4 6 .Mr. Bagot
310 5 100 Lieut. Stnedberjr...
6 ICO 6 100 Cap:. Wainwright.
7 7 i Mr. Clifton
I ;Mr. Hoban
Jockeys.
! 3 5
6 ■ 10
3 6
{ ** •*
I 1 1-2
!*** •»»,:
Beam*.
Op. CL
startinp-jrate used. Won handily. Time, 3:55i-b. *Fell at third juoap.- **Coupled with Aladdin.
••♦Coupled with Tripe. ****Coupled with LI Hung Chang.
Q.-:n FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; the Shamrock handicap; special; purse ?400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
\'%
»/i
Btr. Fin. j
2 5 • ■ " 1 1/2 Ci
\yz 2io G
33 ■ E
Jockeys.
ocbran
■arner
:. Jones
Betting.
Op. Cl.
838
835
841
Babe Murphy. 4..
Pat Murphy. 4...
Tim .Murphy, a...
8
i ::::::::
3
2 2
H*
3
1 1
21*
Cochran 7-10 7-10
Garner 8-2 2
E. Jones 4 5
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, L. Kstell's b. f., Dy Ellas Lawrence-Vrincess Glenn.
Time, 1:10.
Q/*rj SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: penalties; allowances: purse $500.
Index. Horse, age, weight. [ St.
,851) Sir Vawnr, 3 131 9
s 535 Joe Terry, 3 92 1
790 Pearson, 3 91 1 4
SSI Silver State, 5 95 1 3
(693' Senator Bland, 3.. 91 5
lister Mary. 6. ...110 left
M
I 1 2
I 2h
; 44
33
5
V*
I* :.
2h
43
»3
5
Uhn
13
2 4
4 5
31
5
3,i
1 4
23
34
4 i
5
13 1
22 |
35
4 10
5
v timer.....
£. Jones
Slaughter
Keidy.... ........
Hewitt
Shields |
Jockeys.
| Betting.
Op. UL
4
4
30
100
100
3-5
16-5
e- a
50
100
40
4-5
!
I
........
I
Starting-gate used.
Won easily. Winner, H. T. Griffin's b. c, by Sir Dixon-'
Time, 1:31.
q/*t SKVKRTfI KACJ
;; four-year-olds and upward; parse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. \
(841) Toano, a 108
835 ;Arti3t,s 108!
808 Gallant, 4 108
845 ,Olive,4 106,
809 iJack Richelieu, a.IOS
848 j Sleeping Child, 4.102|
805 'siigo.6 110
-
4
! 1
: 2
I
I
i
::::::::
i/i
24 '
31/ a 1
4 1/2
61
5b 1
34 I Str. Fin. Joe Re vs.
2 3 2 4 1 li^ Snider
1 la 11 2 2 ■.E.Jones
j 34 35 34 JMacklin
4 !/• 4 4 4 ; Garner
6h 5 5 6 ;T. Chora
65 S 6 66 iFell
(77 7 Shields
2
10
2
8-5
8
25
15
2
12
12-5
9-5
15
200
50
i
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, William J. Bloombaugh's b. g., by .Longfellow-Salara.
Time, 1-.16V2-
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleslde Track.
Id races where tfce torses have i.o record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
tlitauce are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; H., beavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
■ Best
record.
I
! Dist. I.b.i Ik. Owner.
31/2 t 101 F... D. A. Honig |
I Burns- Waterhouse 1
Udell stable
i 2 m 105 i Fa. ! Pueblo stable
I Alma Dale stable...
iC. E. Hutchlnson .. j
Dr. Kowell
E. Corrigan
I Elm wood atck farm!
, |F. Pnllllps
Index.!
Name.
JLbs 1
849
842
850 !
(807)
865 !
842 {
855 !
849 I
Jane Andrews., i
Rowenaß
! Phillip H
I Dura
ißrerewood
iWallaba
Vencedor
ilOs| :48»4
9"> no rec
98; no rec
105 :60
95 no rec
98 no rec
98 no rec
I 98 no rec
■102 no rec
105 no rec
jst. Andrew-Aunt Jane
! Imp. Maxim-Lulu
Imp. Loyalist-Marguerite
Racine-Imp. Berna
Bramble- Pottery
jHyder Ali- Walnut
1 El Rio Bey-Avail
Kiley-Mlss Howard
1 Imp. Brutus- Bonny Jean
! Deceiver-Buchante
; Bergen '
Catharine Great
Buchante colt.. |
;D BACE— Six furlongs;
Index.
' 843 >
765
' 854 '
837 I
783 !
856 j
- 831 I
' 841 ;
839 :
824
' 848
(537)
s I | Best
Name. | Lbs record
Treachery...... j 101 ! 1:12%
! Little Tough. . . . i 105 1:08 »£■
Fireman........ j 94 1 :04
New Moon i »9 1:17
Pollock ! 106 I:l6V*
j Ashland Eclipse 102 1:07 Va
Huntsman. 100
Tobey 102 1:10
; Tar and Tartar. : 105 1:43%
George C 91 1:10
scbmtz..... 105 1:19
Walter J I 94 1:1684
Name.
•6f
»I
1 tf f
*G f
5f
Lbs Tk.
104;F..i
101 F..
100 H..
97 H..
106 HL.
|107jH..j
lOOiFa". |
99 Fa.
j 89 F...
! 97, H..
103 ,y... |
J. G. Brown & Co .. i
G. Balr
. Klmwood stock fm.
W. D. Randall
/. Abrahams \
• Vt. Rowell
P. Herzog
VV. G. Hlnton
A. G. Morris
J Garrity 1
C. F. S»nder« l
.1. McDermott
; Hanover-Deceit
Glen Klm-Uiiknown
Imp. Brutus- A riola
Hyder Ali-Naxnonla
limp. Kossington-Majorie
; Logic-Blue Stockings
'Prince of Xonolk-Haidee
Imp. (Jreenback-Una
Hlndoo-Brambaletta
Bramlile-Lady Lou
Panigtie-lUia
ilmp. Truf Briton- Lilly S
Pedigree.
1 m
6f
THIBD KACJE— Six furlongs; handicap.
I
Name.
,Lbs
I Best I
■ record. |
I D:st.
!Tk.
Owner.
Index-;
(794)iGeorge Miller ..
840 'Sam Leake
84S Pepper
(867)jMobalasca
117!1:13iAi6 f 116 F..
99 1:16 6 f 1 110 H..
88 1:49 1 ;-iSm:lO9 Fa.
87. 1:16 V* 6 f 103 i-\..
|W. L. Stanfleld
;A. B. Spreckels
!P. Dunne
18. Corrigan
Lof tin-Emma
Apache-Trick sey
FOUBTH BACE- One and a quarter miles;
: handicap.
I Best
Tndex.' Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. 1
*" B*6 iMy Luck.. ! 155 ' 1:571,4 jlm 144 H..
(826) Bassanio 138 2:31% 1 V*m 130 ■F.J
756 Templemore.... 134 2:22 ! lUn 140 F..
■ 826 Silverado... i 34 2:038,4 1 1-16 130 H..
• 846 Nellie G 125 no rec. nor#c..: .... ....
846 Hello 125 no rec. norec ........
826 Esperance....... 125 2:49 I 1 V 2 m 124 X...
I
I.bs Tk.
S. C. Hildreth |
A. G. Blakely ;
J. Brenock
E. Corrigan 1
G. B. Morris & C 0..,
O. F. Johnson
T. A.Tobln
Owner.
'■ Dick Whittington-Lucknow
;Billet-Lottie
j Tom Ochlltree-Sadie X
I Rutherf ord-Josk' C
; Sampson-Unknown
Sid-by BeveillP
Alta-Motber Hnbbard
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs.
I Best { -■'■-' j - BHB|^|^g^
Index., Name. Lbs [ Record j " Dlst. Lbs Tic. Owner. Pedigree.
(817) iJerfareilla 103 1:28 !7 f 103 F... McNmiKhtonAMuir'Onondaga-Klsinore ':■ *
Clias McDonald 100 1:22 '6V 3 * j 109 -> V. A. H0n1g......... Rapture-Lizzie Flynn
"86"3" Collins. ~. ...... 97 1:883417 1 198 11.. Dr. R0we11... ....... \ Inspector B- Piazza
839 Dunsarven...... 103 j 1:90*4 1 l-lSm\ 99 Ka. h.Hztt11.. ........... Hlndoo-iinp.Calpburnia
860 Sister Mary. . 103 1 :20y 2 f 109 F... W. B. Sink...: Imp. Woodlands-Sister
(839) Cabrtllo ..'.. 1 105 1 :48V» 1 l-16tn\ 96 F... R. Van Brunt — S St. Saviour-ip. Liz Hampton
Index.
I Best i
Lbs Record] Dist.
Owner.
-■-
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs..
Index, i
....Uilarier ...... 100 ........ ........
(843) 5ea5ide.......... 105 1:15 6f
850 Bellringer...... i 107 i 1:16% Bf,,
»37 Uilead.7... HO I:43 V*?-■*&» ' ■?-■*&»
854 iEoreaa ......... 106 I:2BV* 7 t
826 ißeiihuni j 100 1:13y 3 tf f
(371) Magnet-."....".... "{6 l:2gj* 7f
817 Tne1ma.......... 105 1 27V5 7f
1083 Norblein 100 1:51 f \ m
861. Sleeping Child.. 103 1:41J4 1m..-..
H.S9'muclis« "'■ i>'nti> 101 1:41 lm,:
I Best
record.
Lbs'Tk.J Owner. Pedigree.
I i Burns •tWaterliouse' lmp. Woodlands- Wanda
TO.'. F... P. Sieben;haler ilnip. Mr.rinnr-Marln
106 1... B. C. Hildreih .... jTroubador-Bosoobelle
1 18; F...J (Syracuse stable Ist. .Savioiir-Mistuke
H8 F...1G. Rose :... |Eolian-Ordtiai»ee
100 F... C Dougherty jFlambeau-Ciprbardine
108 Fa. ID. A. Honig Imp. St. Blaise-Magnetic
31H 1... i^i-.vrence stk farm.' John Happy-Pansy
92 HL. . Wildflo wer stable .. Major Ban-Kr< i- Love
109 K-.fW. V- Randall Up.Chlldof Mist-ErinGoßgh
98 X... Kl m wood stk farm. 1 Duke Norfolk-Ledette
Owner.
SEVENTH. JIA."K— Six furlongs; selling.
ta&ex. ]"~ Name. Lbs I Best : Dist. Lbs Tk^ Owner.
Index.! Nume. .Lbs record. | Dist. LosjTk. Owner.
L . Hfl , ._,.,, : ~~~~ 108 1:17 (it 109 11.. C.Gi1man....... .;....;
ffl ,£?"<? ""■"' "■*■ 10S l:l«Mi 6 < 95 - S.C. Hi1dreth........;
H->B SaUsbury'lY"" 97 1:O'J "It 122 '• *"..: : Burns* Waterhouse..
%j?. Model !■' 106 1:07^4 51,4 f ; 105 F... California stable......
£iL Morven 1051:154 6 f 1141F... White ct UvM
S5l, (hHrm 1<« 1:1«V2 « f 103H .. D. A. Honig
<^ ) Ferr r i TyUr t n lan1 an 9H wg 7 | |gjF 'B. schrelber
«47 -Red Glenn 100 1:14 6f « IMF.. Cambridge stable
831 'ik^L. .:.■.::■. jlOo 1:22^ 6V,f 94 F...' Garden City swble...
861
854
829
843
(843)
(86-1)
843
«61
843
847
831
i Dist.
Imp. Darebin-Hirondelle
Shannon-Fannie Lewis
Racine-imp. Flirt
Imp. Sir Modred-Gypsy
limp. Cheviot- i urline
Ip. 11l Used-Minnie Payne
Imp. Woodlands-Houora
Apaohe-Vlrgle
Himyar-Last Ban
Glen iUm-Bed Girl
Major Bau-Mlss Fluah.
Pedigree.
• . ■
KSSBEK". .'•-
Irish national colors conspicuous. Many
of the track officials were resplendent in
bright green scarfs, with the shamrock
and "Harp that once through Tara'a halls"
displayed on the coat lapel. The pro
gramme was priuted on green cardboard,
as were the admission tickets. Certainly
the heart of every Irishman present must
have been stirred by the display in honor
of Erin's Isle, which, no doubt, in a way
accounted for the extra heavy wagering.
Excluding "ladies' day," the crowd was
the largest of the meeting. Seven full
events were run off, which included a P°lo
pony handicap for gentlemen riders. The
weather was perfect for racing purposes
and the sun's rays had worked wonders
toward putting the track in its usual
superb condition. Three favorites, three
second choices and a fourth choice drew
down the purse?.
The attraction especially prepared for
the occasion was the Shamrock handicap,
notable as marking a reunion and family
gathering of the Murphy family of sprint
ers, Pat. Tim and Babe, which trio tried
conclusions at five and a half furlongs. In
the judges' stand Captain Kees, presiding
judge, resigned temporarily in favor of
Tim Murphy of "Texas Steer" fame, who
officiated with the dignity of a veteran,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAHCH 18, 1896.
ably assisted by the regular associate
judge, Joe Murphy. Mr. Caldwell also
had a few leisure moments, for the well
known farrier, Tom Murphy, "the man
that plated Rey El Santa Anita for the
Derby," took his place on the starter's
stand and at once showed himself
an adept. Babe Murphy, the 7 to
10 choice in the ' betting, captured
the race after a hard brush with
Pat Old Tim hustled himself
along in lively manner to the stretch,
where he was obliged to give way to the
younger generation. Suspended from the
wiie was a handsome green silken bag,
gayly embellished with the Irish and
American flags. After Earl Cochran had
weighed in, he again remounted the back
of the winning Babe, and, lifted up in the
arms of Captain Kees, pretty little Lucille
Murphy, daughter of the associate judge,
presented the fat-faced jockey with the
prize. Earl graciously dotted his hat, the
band played the "Wearing of the Green,"
the crowd cheered, and the Shamrock
handicap was a thing of the past. May
its memory long be kept green.
Hardly less attractive was the pony
event. Eight diminutive bangtails packed
their heavy weights over a distance of a
mile and a half, and saucily took the
jumps. In the betting the Hobart trio.
Conejo, Brandy and Tripe, were selling
favorites at 1 to 2, bacKed down from even
money. Mr. Hobart himself rode Brandy,
while Conejo and Tripe were ridden by
Mr. Wain wright and Lieutenant Smedberg
respectively. The Tobin dvo 1 , Aladdin and
Galloping Dick, with Mr. Simpkins and
Mr. Bagot as pilots, commanded second
call at lives.
Barbara, ridden by Mr. McCreary, was
next in demand with J. Talbot Clifton's
puir, Jumping Jack and Li Hung Chang,
the outsiders at 12 to 1. Mr. Clifton be
strode the back of Jumping Jack and met
with his usual hard luck. When the bar
rier was raised Jumping Jack, who dis
played a fractious disposition going to the
post, at first refused to break, but finally
changed his mind and his lordship en
joyed an excellent view of the race from
the far rear. There was but one spill in
the race and that unexpectedly happened
to Mr. Hobart. As his mount took the
fourth jump the pony appeared to over
jump and his millionaire owner gracefully
slid over his head, escaping without
injury. Mr. Simpkins on Aladdin,- out
riding Mr. Hensliaw astride Li Hung
Chang, got his pony past the wire first by
a couple of lengths, with Barbara a dis
tant third. Mr. Clifton on Jumping Jack
also finished and was accorded a great re
ceDtion from the crowded grand stand.
It was like breaking sticks for King
street to defeat the other youngsters in the
two-year-old event. He was alto 3 favor
ite and won easily from Dolore, with In
narumator a poor third.
The Judge appeared to outclass his field
in the second race, a six-furlong run, yet
tne good price of '1)4 to 1 was laid against
him. He came very near striking a tartar
in the 10 to 1 shot Starling, who was beaten
but three-fourths of a length in a drive.
The seven-furlong run that followed re
sulted in a rather unexpected victory for
Mobolosca with 5 to 1 about her in the
betting, the 2 to 1 choice Mt. McGregor II
finishing second. The favorite, with
Shield bearer as close company, made the
Tunning to the stretch, when Mobalasca
gradually forged to the front, winning
easily by a couple of lengths. Kamsin was
a good third.
An unforeseen accident at the post in
the sixth event, another seven-furlong
run, deprived those who had placed their
coin on the 7 to 10 favorite. Sister Mary, of
all chance to get in line. Shields had the
mount on the m«re and was again afflicted
with an attack of "previousness." Break
ing with hia mount slightly before the
lever releasing the barrier was pressed, the
mare caught the webbing under her chin
and the field started away without her.
Sir Vassar, once as good as 4 to 1 in the
ring, hadthinss his own way, winning as
he liked witn Joe Terryih the place.
The Corrigan entry* Olive, closed a 9 to
5 favorite in the betting on the final six
furlong sprint, but ran unplaced. The
going suited old Toano, who headed Artist
in the stretch, and ridden out beat the
Darebin horse a length. Gallant, who,
with the winner, vied with each other for
second choice honors, was a good third.
Track and Paddock items.
As is customary at Ingleside this will be
"ladies' day" at the new track. It is also
the closing day of the two weeks' meeting,
and the card is one for racegoers to en
thuse over. Special cars will be run over
the electric road for the accommodation of
the fair sex.
Jockey Willie Martin, who has earned
for himself a most enviable reputation
among California racegoers for his great
ability in the saddle, left for Memphis.
Term", last evening to join the stable of
Pat Dunne, for which horseman he will
ride the coming season.
The chestnut gelding Red Root, in the
string of Dick Ledgett, has been very sick
for several days, and it now transpires
that some miscreant poisoned the aged
racer. Stories of horse "doping" are be
coming quite plentiful of late, and if
caught the maiafactor will be severely
dealt with.
The well-known horseman, Pete Weber,
will arrive in a day or two from Los An
geles with a string of seven horses, includ
ing, among others, the two good perform
ers, Suurise and Jerome b.
Chevalier rode Thelma some days back
in a race and was left at the 'post, for
which feat Mr. Caldwell set him down.
The colored lad points to the fact that
other boys were left at the post and went
unpunished and tbinks he is entitled to
the same consideration.
The poolroom joint on the corner of
Fourth and Mission streets still continues
running in open violation of the law. The
Messinger & Co. and "commission" fake
has been exposed; Judge Wallace has de
cided against them, and there is no excuse
for the police in allowing them to keep
open.
It may be said of Shields, who got en
tanglecTin the webbing and was left at the
post with the 7 to 10 favorite, Sister Mary,
in the sixth race, that he was not a sub
ject of censure. Just as long as starters
will permit boys to attempt running 1 starts
with the Australian machine horses are
bound to be left at the post. At the latter
trick Shields has been very successful,
having on several occasions beaten his
field away through anticipating the start
er's movements.
In former days complaints were frequent
from jockeys about stkrters giving them
the worst of it, still with this new innova
tion several of the very smart ones among
them are not willing to accept an equal
break, but like the tin-horn gambler want
a "shade." At the first trial given the
gate, the horses breasted the webbing and
the start was such a perfect one as to send
the crowd into ecstaeies. Since that time
with the suggestions of our own starters
attempted, we have had few like it. If
Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Caldweli would
give the horses time to get to the post and
wait until they are "set," few would be
left at the post.
ARMY BICYCLE SQUAD.
It Does Some Effective Practice Work
Out at the Pregidio.
The bicycle squad of the First United
States Infantry, Angel Island, gave some
practice riding at the Presidio yesterday
afternoon. Composing the squad are First
Sergeant James PhiJlipsen, Corporal James
Lamb, Privates James Connaughton,
George Chirk, Adolph Anderson and seven
others, but as only those named have be
come expert in military maneuvers on the
wheel they alone gave exhibitions of their
riding.
The Presidio reservation roads are well
adapted for such practice as was indulged
in, and advance guard, flying retreat and
messenger movements were well demon
strated by the members of its squad. A
slight mishap occurred, however, by the
men while at full speed running into a
party of picknickers near the Pacinc-street
gate. No one was hurt, but the bevy of
young ladies was badly scattered, if not
frightened. Again when Sergeant Phillip
sen was delivering- a supposed message to
Connaughton, both men passing on the
fly, a collision was the result. Aside from
this the maneuvers were very creditable to
this new military force.
MANY ANXIOUS
TO FIND BANKS
The Missing Police Officer
Prepared for His De
parture.
CHIEF LLOYD DECEIVED
He Is Now Almost Convinced
That the Bribery Case
Was a Job.
BANKS' ARREST THREATENED.
Some People Are in San Quentin on
Testimony Mainly by
Banks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 17. j
The disappearance of Officer Banks is
causing Chief Lloyd much uneasiness.
Banks' actions for years have been re
garded as suspicious, and when Loui3
Schaff er was Chief of Police he saw many
things he did not like, but was unable
to get them in such shape as to warrant
prosecution.
When Chief Lloyd tooK office Schaffer
brought some very serious charges against
Banks, and after they had been practically
proved the case wns thrown out by the
Polics Officer Banks.
Commissioners on a tecbnicality. Chief
Lloyd was thoroughly deceived by Banks
and supported Him to some degree. While
the cases were pending Banks appeared as
the hero of a Chinese bribery case.
Regarding the bribery case Chief Lloyd
said to-day :
"If it be true, and it looks very much as
though it was, Banks has placed the de
partment in a very peculiar position. I
have investigated the matter just a little
and will investigate it more, but of th^
much I am satisfied: If all things said in
the case are true, as I said before, Banks
has need to keep out of the way.
"When Banks tirst came to me "in the
bribery case he told me a Chinaman had
offered him $10 to stand away from the
door. I told him to pay no attention, but
to go on and do his duty.
"Again Officer Banks came to me about
the lottery men and sain they wanted to
pay me for protection. This time we went
to Prosecuting Attorney Melvin. Banks
told him the story, and acting under his
instruction a nice time was arranged for
between Ah Shing and myself at Banks'
house. The money was paid into Banks'
hands in the presence of witnesses and
Ah Shing was arrested for bribery.
"It looks now as though this Chinaman
was led into the thins and made to believe
that I would accept the money, and if that
be the case, I have no desire to prosecute
him further."
There is some talk among policemen
who knew Banks well that he has taken
his family and gone back to his old home
in Somerville, Mass., but this much is
sure— he is not in Oakiand and it is doubt
ful if he ever will be again.
There are all kinds of rumors afloat to
account for BanKs' disappearance. The
friends of Schaffer state that he skipped
out because he was afraid to face certain
cases of perjury that have been worked
up against him. A great deal has come
to light within the past few weeks that
has placed Banks in a very unpleasant
light.
It was ascertained to-day that Banks
made very complete preparations for his
departure. He sold all hia furniture,
pawned his bicycle ana his pistol, and re
deemed his diamond. He also forgot to
pay his house rent for the current month.
A very suspicious circumstance in regard
to the" officer's disappearance is that he
sold his full salary claim lor March to E.
Barrett, who buys up city warrants. By
the terms of his resignation he would be
entitled to only sixteen days' pay, so
Barrett is short $50. Barrett has an
nounced his intention of swearing out a
warrant for Banks' arrest.
When Banks handed in his resignation
he was given three days' vacation. Under
these terms he should have returned to
day. As he did not do so he was at once
placed on the delinquent list.
One of the most serious features of Mr.
Banks' trouble is that if his career as an
officer has been as unsatisfactory as hun
dreds of people swear it has been, there are
people now suffering from his actions. As
a result of some of Banks' detective work
some years ago, a young fellow named
Donley was sent to San Quentin and is
there yet. Several police officers said Just
night that the worst thing Dotiley ever did
was to get drunk and raise a disturbance.
There are other cases in which Banks was
concerned, and an investigation into his
conduct is looked for with great interest.
ACCUSED MRS. PRESCOTT
A Girl Openly Charges the President
of a Benevolent Society With
Falsehood.
OAKLAND, Oal., March 17. — Edelia
Everett, tne 15-year-old girl who pleaded
guilty to the charge of vagrancy in the Po
lice Court several days ago and who had
numerous young men call at the City
Prison and offer to marry her, was tried in
the chambers of Judge Green this after
noon on the petition of Mrs. Hobart, her
grandmother, that she was incorrigible.
During the examination quite an un
usual scene was witnessed by the specta
tors. On cross-examination of Lydia A.
Prescott of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children Attorney Ayres for
Edelia Everett endeavored to have Mrs.
Prescott testify that she coerced the
girl into pleading guilty to the charge of
vagrancy in the Police Court. Mrs. Pres-
ANOTHER GRATEFUL FAMILY.
Mr, Miller Considers Paine's Celery
Compound a National Blessing,
</v v^.^N *
There is no spring remedy equal to
Paine's celery compound.
Sufferers from debility who find their
convalescence too slow are joyously sur-
prised by the brisk impetus toward re-
covery that comes from Paine's celery
compound. Its healing, nerve-restoring,
blood-making, nourishing powers go so
directly to the root of the trouble that the
progress toward health and strength is
steady and uninterrupted.
No relapses come when Paine's celery
compound has once fairly begun its health-
ful action.
With a' stronger appetite, sounder sleep
and better digestion (results that every
one has experienced who has taken Paine's
celery compound), the weak and sore kid-
neys and the tired stomach cease to trouble,
and the nerves allow one to worK unvexed
by day and to sleep by night without dis-
turbance. This is what physicians mean
when they say that Paine's celery com-
pound cures nervous diseases permanently.
For disordered liver, and for all blood
diseases physicians use this great formula
cott denied that she even suggested to her
to plead guilty. At this point Miss Everett
became very "much excited and it looKea
as though there waa going to be a hair
pulling match.
"It's false, it's false. W r hen you say you
never recommended to me to plead guilty,
you tell that which is false," said Miss
"Everett.
Mrs. Prescott blushed, and if it had not
been for the interference of the girl's at
torney, Miss Everett would probably have
struck Mrs. Prescott.
When Miss Everett took: the stand she
testified that the testimony of all the other
witnesses was true even though it was ad
verse to her interests, but that the testi
mony of Mrs. Prescott was false from be
ginning to end. It is believed that the
girl was led by excitement to do an injus
tice to Mrs. Preseott.
After all the testimony was in, Judge
Greene decided to commit her to the Re
form School, as her mother and father were
dead and there was no one to care for her.
When the girl was informed that she was
to be sent to the reform school, her attor
ney endeavored to impress upon her the
advantage of reforming, but she persist
ently refused, saying that Mrs. Prescott
had railroaded her into the reform school.
Hi- 1 »t for Forgery.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 17.— Detective
Shorey has arrested C. H. Thompson, for
merly in the employ of L. D. Coombs, a
dairyman, on the charge of forging the
latter's name to a $15 check on the Central
Bank. Thompson had the check cashed
by J. Kelson, a saloon-Keeper, last night.
A few minutes later Nelson met Coombs
and told him about cashing the check.
Coombs declared it was a forgery. Nelson
made his complaint to the police and
Shorey caught hia man as ne was leaving
for San Francisco.
BERKELEY CHARTER DAY
How the Students Will Cele
brate the University's
Birthday.
More Improvements Proposed for the
Grounds— Fined for Selling Liquor.
Nf-w Sanitary Order.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— The
twenty -eighth anniversary of the granting
of the* charter by the State to the Univer
sity of California will be celebrated next
Monday. The exercises of the day will be
held at 10:30 a. M.in Harmon gymnasium.
No tickets of admission will be required.
In the afternoon an old-fashioned dancing
party will be given in the gymnasium, and
sinmltateously a baseball game between
the Berkeley nine and the University Club
team will be played on the campus.
Following will be the order of morning
exercises:
Invocation by the chaplain: "An Empirical
Suggestion," Miss Millk'ent W. Shinn; "The
Significance of Recent Events," William Nat
Friend; ransic by the Glee Club; "American [
Law Schools, 1 ' Louis de F. Bartlett; "Some
Responsibilities of the Modern University,"
Professor J. M. Stillman of Stanford; music by
the Glee Club; "Our Foreign Policy and the
World's Peace," Professor Thomas R. Bacon;
benediction by the chaplain.
Reinstein Progressive.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— Regent
J. B. Reinstein has proposed another
measure for the improvement of the uni
versity grounds. He suggests that rows
of, shade trees be set out alone the line of
the new students' gateway. Mr. lieiustein i
has investigated the possibilities of trans- !
planting oaks and says that oak trees
thirty feet in height can be transplanted
without serious injury to their growth. If
the plan is to be consummated within a
year work must be commenced at once.
Superintendent James McLaren of Golden
Gate Park says that it is necessary to be
gin work on a large oak that is to be re
moved at least a year before transplanting
takes place. It is estimated that the cost
of transplanting such trees will be about
$30 each.
Basket-Bail £nthußiasm.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— Manager
Edith Brownsill of the University of Cali
fornia basket-ball team ana Manager
Esther Wood Keifer of the Stanford team
will meet in San Francisco to-morrow for
the purpose of deciding upon the prelimin
aries connected with the prospective cham
pionship basket-ball game between the two
institutions. The Berkeley co-eds have
gone into active ana systematic training
for the coming match. Daily practice is
held in the gymnasium from 11:15 a. m. till
2 p. M.
Lowe Fined 890.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17. -George
Lmve, who was found guilty last Saturday
of selling liquor within the mile limit of
the university contrary to the State law,
was to-day fined $90 by Judge James, with
the alternation of spending ninety days in
jail. Lowe immediately gave notice at
of Prof. Edward E. Phelps, M.D., LL.D.,
of Dartmouth College — Paine's celery
compound. It has lifted thousands from
beds of sickness. It does what nothing
else ever did for the sleepless, the dyspep-
tic and the despondent — it cures them
once and for ail.
Here is a testimonial from Mr. E. A.
Miller of Columbus, Ohio, accompanying
the photograph of his family.
"For two years past I have been a con-
stant sufferer with severe nervous head-
aches, ofttimes being compelled to go to
bed when my business necessitated my
personal attention. Last week my physi-
cian recommended Paine s celery com-
pound. I have taken now four bottles,
and have not suffered with headache
since. This Government, in my mind,
should pay the discoverer of " Paine's
celery compound a sum of money sufficient
to keep him and all his relatives in luxury
during their natural life."
Mr. Miller is the son of Dr. J. D. Miller.
His wife is the cranddaughter of the late
Governor Lucas of Ohio. Mr. Miller's
praise of Paine's celery compound is
equaled by that of thousands of others who
owe their health and strength to this
greatest of all remedies.
appeal. No further action will be taken
until the appeal is decided by the Supe
rior Court.
Petition to the Supervisors.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— H. N.
Waterbury is circulating for signatures a
petition to the County Supervisors asking
for the improvement of the Oaldand end of
San Pablo or Shattuck avenue, so that
there will be a thorough driveway from
Berkeley to Oakland. The petition is
meetine with much favor and is being very
generally signed.
Personal Mention.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— Rev.
Anna Shaw and President and Mrs. Mar
tin Kellogg are to be the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. William Keith at dinner on
Thursday evening. Alter dinner the
party will proceed to Shattuck Hall,
where they will attend Miss Shaw's lec
ture on "The New Man."
Sanitary Ordinances.
BERKELEY, Cal. , March 17.-The Ade
line Sanitary District Trustees have posted
ordinances 1 and 2 enacted by the recently
elected board. The first regulates the
dumping of refuse matter and the second
regulates the sale of liquor within the dis
trict. The latter is more than ordinarily
severe.
A Verdict of Suicide.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— An in
quest was held to-day on the remains o
Michael Wickham, whose body was found
yesterday on the university grounds. The
jury found that the deceased came to his
death through a gunshot wound self-in
flicted.
Interchange of Letters.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.— The
Daily JBerkeleyan at the State University
and the Daily Palo Alto at Stanford have
arranged for the interchange of bi-weekly
letters, giving the news of their respective
institutions.
Sleeting of Graduate Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 17.—Presi
dent E. Lyman Hood announces that
there will be a meeting of the University
of California Graduate Club at the Metro
pole Hotel, in Oakland, next Friday even
ing- .
Knocked Sown by a Car.
John \V. Finley, an old soldier living in the
Oregon House, was struck by a Geary-street
car at Grant avenue about 9 o'clock last night
and knocked down. He was carried into Wal
ler Bros.' drugstore and the patrol wagon sum
moned.
When he was taken to the Receiving Hospital
Dr. Fitzgibbon found a hole in the back of his
head and a wound on his forehead and he
thought there was possibly a fracture of the
skull. Finley acknowledged he had been
drinking and had no recollection of the acci
dent. In his pocket was found an application
for admission to the Soldiers' Home at Yount
ville.
Republican Rally.
A Republican rally, under the auspices of
the Thirty-fifth Assembly District Republican
Club, will be he-Id at Stanford Hall, at Twen
tieth and Valencia streets, Friday evening, at
8 o'clock. A musical and literary entertain
ment has been arranged, and prominent speak
ers will address the meeting.
KEW TO-DAY.
A BICYCLER FELL AND
HURT HIS KNEE.
HE GROANED WITH PAIN.
ALL THE WHEELS STOPPED.
A CROWD GATHERED.
One said, "Put on Raw Meat," others cried,
"Call the patrol-wagon, quick!"
Then came a man who
READS THE NEWSPAPERS,
And thus knows all there is going.
HE JUMPED OFF HIS WHEEL
And took a bottle from the toolbox.
"Let me get to him and he will soon
RIDE HIS WHEEL HOME."
He Dathed the hurts with Mitchell's Magic
Lotion.
GRINS SUCCEEDED GROANS!
AND WENT OFF ON HIS WHEEL.
Try it if you
ACHE OR GET HURT, HAVE
NEURALGIA, TONSILITIS OR
A SORE THROAT,
And see how surprised and happy you will be.
Any druggist can get it for you.
NEW TO-DAT.
t""? \ NOLAN BROS.
1 % \ SHOE CO.
CLOSE OUT
The Following Lines of Our Own Make
FINE SHOES
All Wldth9and Sizes,
AT LESS THAN FACTORY PRICES,
TO MAKE ROOM FOR OUR
Tan-Colored Shoes
LADIES' FINE PARIS KID BUTTON, cloth • '•
or kid tops, pointed or square toes, patent-
-, leather tip 5................... ?1 75 per pair
LADIES' FRENCH KID BUTTON, cloth or
. kid tops, pointed or square toes, patent-
leather tips, flexible soles .........?a per pair
LADIES' EXTKA QUALITY FRENCH KID
BUTTON, seamless foxed, cloth or kid tops,
satin finished, very iatpst pointed needle
toe. or narrow, , square Yale toe, diamond
patent-leather tips, flexible soles. s2 50 per pair I
OUR LADIES' FRENCH KID
Life-Saving Shoes.
Very latest style, pointed and narrow square
toes, diamond patent-leather lips, baud- . ■
. sewed soles, $3 per pair, best quality ■
* .......:. -;.$3 50per pair.
CHILDREN'S AND - MISSES' FINKST
QUALITY FRENCH PEBBLE GO3.T
BUTTON, square toe and tip, spring heels. '
........Sizes »to 10y $1 50, sizes 1 1 to 2 75.
LADIES' .FINEST QUALITY • TAMPICO .
PEBBLE GOAT BUTTON, new style,
square toe 'and tip...: ......82 per pair.
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY FRENCH .
PEBBLE GOAT BUTTON. French kid
button, piece, hand-sewed, new style, square •
toe and tip 5.......'.-. ....'......82 50 per pair.
LADIES' FRENCH KID CLOTH-TOP LACE :
SHOES, pointed needle, toes, diamond
patent-leathur tips ..... ...:.:.. $2 50 per pair.
LADIKS' SPKING-HKEL SHOES.
LADIES' FINE QUALITY PEBBLE GOAT .
BUTTON,, spring heels, new style square • J
. toe^nd tip 5.............'..:.. per pair
LADIES' FRENCH PEBBLE GOAT BUT-
TON, new style square toe and tips, soring .«
heels;.-... ■.V.:.k.\... $2 per pair
LADIES' FINE PARIS KID BUTTON, new
" style narrow square toe, patent-leather tips, n
spring hee15.:..;. ...-. :.......*! 75 per pair
LADiKS FRENCH KID BUTTON, cloth or
kid tops, new style narrow square toe, pat-
ent-leather tips, spring heels... $2pt rpalr
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY FRENCH KID
BUTTON, seamles* foxed, cloth or kid
tops, new style narrow square toe, diamond
pßtent-leather tip 5 ............... ..52 60 per pair
LADIES' FINE FRE.VCH KID, cloth top lace .
' ' shoes, pointed needle ' toe, patent-leather ' i
tips, spring heels $2 50 per pair
MJSN'S SHOES. :
MEN'S CALF SHOES, Lace or Congress, •
- pointed or square toes ...$'J per pair
MEN'S FINE CALF SHOES, Lace or Con-
gress, latest style toes... $& 50 per pair
HEM'S EXTRA FINE CALF i I.AOE SHOES, '
latest style pointed razor , toes and new- . ■
style narrow square Yale t0e5.. ..53 50 per pair
THE FOLLOWING LINES
OF EASTERN -MADE SHOES
WE WILL ALSO CLOSE OUT .
At Less; Than Factory Prices:
LADIES' FINE DONGOLA KID BUTTON,
- pointed or square toe, patent leather tips. . .
...... ..:'.. $125 per pair
LADIES'. FJNE PARIS KID BUTTON,
pointed or narrow square toes, patent leather
tips... ......V.. 81 50 per Dalr
LADIES' FINE PARIS KID BUTTON, nar-
row square toes, patent leather tips, spring
heels. ...,,. .$1.50 per pair
MISSEs' AND CHILDREN'S SPRING ,
HEEL BUTTON SHOES, square toes, pat-
ent leather tips... ..:. ;..... : .........
>:"■; ■ Sizes 11% to 2 .$125
..Sizes bVa to 11 *100
-;>: Sizes 5 to 8...... 90
MISSES' ANl> CHILDHEN'S
PEBBLE GOAT BUTTON "BAY STATE" Jjiake.
Solid Double Soies, Standard Screwed. Cannot
. rip. Spring Heels or Heels. " '
Sizes 11 to a .......*1 26
Sizes 8 to 10y 3 . 1 00
SizeaS to iy*., >«■..«....„.. .......-..;.'.V.^90
; WE HAVE JUST ISSUED
50,000 MORE CATALOGUES
Showing : all tae Latest . Styles and . Up-to-Date
: Shoes,-and all at reduced . prices. Send us your
address and we will mail you a catalogue. ~ ~
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
;; MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO. "
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
: PHELAN . BUILDING.
' Long Distance Telephone 5537.
A PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DEVOTED THIR-
ty .years to the treatment of blood disease, and
who is in possession of a tormula which has never
failed to cure syphilis In any stage, will tuKe any
case under a positive guarantee ,to cure orrefund
money. - Consult him ,at once. . Write for full in-
: formation, free, to the Moffat Chemical Co., room 1,
! 632 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. OSice hours, 9
a. m. tO 8:30 f. m. . ; -. . -.:„■::.■■,•"
fif§ Send for the Monarch book,' ■ p
I 'monarch I
.' XH " . 4 models. fBO and |100, fully guaran- |?s
jCz teed. For children und jm^ |X
2i adults who want a lower tf^k s?S
fr^= price wheel the I)oli-^F^eMHMM^^Sjs
Hf ance is made in » M[ Wl&l&nSgk
Ej models, $40, $50, $60, •QjEj §9r Wm
■E i> uiid 5 Front St., mJT|BB*3j tf?"Jw~aM
jS; San Fraticiseo.^g£; ■ WKKHKQvSH
|! i. i| ijtSSlMmZßß3ffl!i^B
/iff "bicycles' %i -:
\^W7^o market'st" l^/
AIL LATHEWORK^SSt^'FOR TWO YEARS.
A.L:B ANCRDFT & CO. 324- POST ST.S.F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
VShABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-A* V
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo
' ■iie Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell at. Tel»
'■ piioue 679. Begidence ttlcpbona. "Fine 25i1. "
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Lnniber firmer.
Sugar Rdvauced.
Silver Srmtr »{Lain.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet.
Other cereals continue dull.
Hay and Feedsituffs unchanged.'
Light export demand for Flour.
Seeds and Dried Peas nominal.
Beans very dull.
Potatoes we:-.!-:. Onions quiet.
Butter slightly 01T. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs steady.'
Asparacus, Rhubarb and Peas lower.
Apples quiet.
Citrus Fruits rather slow.
Dried Fruits stagnant.
Poultry fairly steady.
Provisions ciulet.
Hides and Leather daill.
Spring Wool coming forward.
Hops ratlier steadier abroad,
(irain Bags as before.
Coffee quiet.
Oils sliow no change.
Lamb lower. Beef and Mutton steady. Hogs
firm.
.Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figurs*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, eqnal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and ts usually preceded and
Rcrompanled by cloudy weather and rains. ••Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure Is high in the interior and low
siong the coast, and the Isobars extend north and
south alonz the coast, rain is probable; but when
the --low'" is Inclosed with Isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With r
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these condition* will product
•ii opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks JJkpartvent of Agbicui.
tdbe, Weathekßubkao.San Francisco, March
17. 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date las:
season: Eureka 32.07, last season 32.56; Bed
Bluff 14.91, last season 25.30; San Francisco
14.95, last season 22.10; Fresno 4.93, last season
11.88: Ban Luis Obispo 14.61, last season 23.08;
Los AngelPS 7.32, last season 12.68; San D ego
4,44, last season 11.33; Yurua .88, last season
3.01.... .:.::-;:/;:
The following maximum temperatnres are re
ported from stations in California to-day : Eureka
— Red Bluff 76, San Francisco 69, Fresno 68,
6<iii Luis Obispo 74, Los Angeles 74, San Diego-68,
Yuma 86.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 53, mean 61. Rainfall in past twenty
four hours. Kureka .02.
An area of high pressure is central to-night over
Kastern Nevada and Northern Utah, and is appa
rently movine slowly - southward. The pressure
has risen rai>idlv over Utah, Nevada, Arizona and
Kastern California, and has fallen slightly along
the California coast. Reports from Eureka are
missing to-night. The temperature has risen
slightly over the entire Pacific slope, and decidedly
In the upper part of the Sacramento Valley and a
small area on the coast from San Lnis Obispo to
Los Angeles. No rain has fallen west of the 110 th
meridian during the past twelve hours. The wea
ther continues dry and warm over Washington,
Oregon and Idaho.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight March 18, 1896.
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
variable winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Fair Wednesday. •
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light northwesterly winds. ■•
Alkxandes G. McAdik,
: ; . Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. K. V., March 17.— Speculation
at the Stock Exchange to-day was quiet, the . deal
ings aggregating only 151,100 shares. While the
course of the market was irregular until near the
close, the undertone was decidedly . firm. London,
which has been rather indifferent of late, tamed
up as a buyer of St. Paul, Louisville and Nashville
and Northern Pacihc preferred. The buying for
foreign' account was attributed to . the prevailing
mpression that the Venezuelan boundary ques
tion will be settled amicably. Covering of short
contracts had considerable to do with the improve
ment in Northern Pacific preferred and Baltimore
and Ohio. Th»* rise in the latter at one time was
equal to 1C/ B per cent.
The greatest improvement, however, was in the
industrial group. Su::ar rose I^fa to 1173/»; Gen
eral Electric. 13/g to 37Va; Cotton Oil preferred,
I*4 to 64. . Bogara strength was due to statements
that the company had acquired Immense quanti
ti> sof the i-aw .liwi-rinl and waa in a position to
dictate terms so far as the product is concerned.
General Electric was bought by brokers who
figured prominently in the recent rise to 39^.
Tobacco and Leather preferred were erratic
throughout, but finally closed %@1 per cent lower
on the day. The market closed hrm in tone. Net
changes show advances of 1 /t»@< !3 cent.
Bonds were lower." The transactions footed up
$2,062,000. Chicago and .Northern Pacific fives
fell 134 10 441/4, Northern Pacific seconds I Vis to
IV<JV2> .Northern Pacific thirds 1% to 78%," Chi
cago Gas fives 1 to 92, Fort Worth and Kio
Grande fives tyL to 55. Northern Pacific con
fives advanced 1% to 50, Northern Pacific certifi
cates l»/s to4BV B r*49.
In Government bonds $15,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%©117.
Grain.
FLOUR— and steady. Winter wheat, low
granes, S2 itfi&il K5; do, fair to fr.ncy, $2 85@4 90:
do, patents, ?3 'M(g,\ 25; Minnesota clear, *2 70@
3 20: do, straits, $3/a» 60: patents, $3 55@4::0;
low extra-?, $2 25(6,2 85: city mills, $4 15(a>4 25;
' do, patents. *1 '_"(% 1 45: rye mixtures, ljs r 2 50®
3 30: superliae, $2(<r2 50: fine, $2@2 30. Sonth
•rn liuiir, steady, <-:tsv; common to fair extra,
82 41lf*, J . : good to choice, $3(0,3 30. Rye flour,
ijuiet, easy, at $2 60te;2 K5.
I CKWHKAT-«to lie.
CORNMEAL— Steady; yellow Western, $2 'JO(d
2 25: Brandy $2 20.
RYK— Nominal.
BAULKY— Firm; ungraded Western, 40@47c
BARLEY MALT— Quiet. c
WHEAT— IjuII: firmer. No. '£ red, store and
elevator, 79c; afloat, B()i,^c; ungraded red, 81©
82c; No. 1 Northern. 72%c. • |
■ Options were moderately jactlve mid Srm at i*
@.%c advance, following the West and on local
covering. May and July most active. March,
7134 i:: April," 70» / <8c; M:iy, 70c; June and July,
69V2c; August, 69V«c; September. 688/* c.
CORN-Dull, firm; No. 2, 38% c elevator; 39»/ 8 c
afioat.
Options were dull and ilrra at unchanged prices
to VsC advauce wituout feature. May and July
most iictiv*. March, o7 1 /-;C: May, 36%c;.Juuc,
S6c: July. iltjo-ijC: September, 37^b c -
OATS— stronger. . .
Options duli, steady: March, 25c; Mp.y,24'v' 8 c;
Spot Drices: No. 2")V*c: No. 2 wbite, 26»4c:
No. '£ Chicago, 26V2C: .NO. 3, 24@24y c; No. 3
white. 251/jjc; ■mlxea Western, 25(<j»J0c;. vvuiie do,
27@29c: white State, 27(3(21»c. ,
FKKD— Bran, 60ratJ2V".w
M IDDLINUS— 66<&70c.
RYE— {i2'-/.^(ca6bc.
•' ■• l'rovistons.
CUT MEATS— easy." Pickled bellies, 12-
Ibs, 4%c; do shoulders, V/jGjiiZ/ic;:. do hams.
B.i/ 2 @<jc. ■■•■-, . ■■ . ■ --:•■ ■■ ■:■ -
LARD— Quiet, easy, \vestern steam, *5 57"V^:
city, f ft 05; .M»y, $;> 65. Kciiued, dull; continent.
*5 %5: . -South" American. Ra 15;. compound.
4V&®±Vs<~ "■ : ' ■ ■• ■ • ■ -■■ ■*
i'OKK— Stea<ly. Mcs.-;, Slo@lo 50. ; ' = '
EUTTKlL— fine.siiMd •. s.ute dairy, I0@20c;
<ln creamery lie.d, r 1 3.'3il tic ; Western dairy, .19®
|!4c:- do creamery. i2(js22c: do lield, 12@18c: do
factory, »<a.l3c; Elglns. 22c; Imitation creamery,
HV4<&l6cf rolls,' 9@l3c.- ....--•-..*.»,,-<
CniiESE— • jobblcs \ demand.' * State, ' large
6@loVic; do fancy, 10Vic:«o small,, 6@103.4;
part ■■ ms. 3@7c: full skims 2@3%c.
EGGS-Fair aemand. State and Pennsylvania,
liyofcillS/ic: icehouse, case,* $2 60@2 75; West
ern, fresh, 103/i@llc; Southern, 10@10V4c; duck,
20@28c. -• .
TALLOW — Quiet. City. 3 13-1 6 c; country,
8*493340.
COTTONSEED OIL — Quiet, about steady.
Crude. 21c: yellow prime, 25%@25%c; do off
grades,' 2&i/4@2sy c.
RESlN— Quiet; nrm. Strained common to good,
?170®l 75.
TURPENTINE— Firm: 25@2514&
POTATOES— Steady, unchanged.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic, fair to extra, 3@55,4c:
Janan, 3 s 4@4c.
MOLAh.sES— Firm. New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice. 27®37c.
COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 10 points up.
March, $13 16; April, $12 90: May,sl2 25@12 66:
July, $11 90@ll 95; August, $11 60; September,
$1115(^1125; October. $11@11 05; December,
$10 85; February, $10 05. Spot Rio, dull, steady;
No. 7,1334 c.
SUU-AR— Raw. firm, fair demand: fair refining.
33,4 c; centrifugals 96 test, 4 3-16 c. Refined,
linn: No. 6, 4V-»c; . No. 7, I 5-16 c: No. 8,
4»/ c: No. 9, 4 5-16 c; No. 10, 414 c: No. 11,4
316 c: No. 12, 4V'fiC; No. 13, 4 1-1 6 c; off A. 4 9-16
«i 4 18-lOC; mold A. 5s/ 8 c; standard A, r 6y c:
I confectioners' A, 6c: cut loaf, 534 c: crushed, 53/ c;
I powdered, 53/gc; cubes, 53/ g c; granulated, si/gc.
vuit .and Protluco. , '
CALIFORNIA FRUITS — Raisins, 3-crown
ioose. 3 1 4(5)3V3c: do 4-crown, 4(disc; do liOndon
layers, 75{a;8.")C: do clusters $1 25©1 45.
APIUC'JTS— fl>/ 2 (<il2y c.
AI.MuNDS— 7y»(aßc; do paper-shell,
i:@lL'c. •
I'tACHES- PeelM. 13y @15c: unpeeled, 4@
b^ic.
PRUNES— Four sizes, bacrs, 5@6y B e.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6V2@7c; do soft-shell,
@10c.
HOPS— DuII, easy: State, lommonto choice, 2y 2
@8c: Pacitlc Coast. 2y (aßc.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— . American, 11 75@13 50.
COPPER-Dull.
LEAD— Easy.
TIN- atralts, $13 27y»@13 32V%: plates,
easy. ■ ■
KFiLLTER-Firm; domestic. *4 10@4 20.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ilt-, March 17.-Wheat was much
steadier this morning than at any time yet. It
looked as though the bears were satisfied, for the
present at least with the progress they had made,
while the bulls w^re feeling their way cautiously
for a rally. The conditions showed no particular
change and nothing very favorable to prices could
be urged. Some attention is attracted to the re
ports from Argentine. Advices to the oiTect that
shipments from that country will soon cease have j
been received, and if they prove accurate it is ex
pected to improve the foreign demand iv this coun
try.
Liverpool caoles this morning were quiet and
steady. Receipts in the Northwest were large at j
567 cars against 467 last Tuesday and 376 a year
aeo. Chicago received 51 cars and inspected out
121,230 bushels. Export clearances were light at
185,260 bushels. Bradstreet's reported a decrease
in the world's available supply of 677,000 bushels.
Closing Continental cables were all lower. The
market increased in strength late in the session,
reootts of a good export demand at the seabeard
being received. May wheat opened from 523/ g c to
S'-'VaC sold between 62c and t>3i c. closing at 63<a
63y 8 c 3,i@7/ 8 c higher than yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 32 cars.
CORN— The tone of the Corn market was not
very strong at the opening, the receipt of 755 cars
where but 700 were estimated tending to exert a
weakening influence. The steadier feeling of
Wheat, however, contributed a somewhat better
tone later and checked the declining inclination.
Withdrawals from store were - 37.652 bushels.
Liverpool cables were steady. Bradstreet's re
ported an increase in available stocks of 450,000
bushels. Export clearances amounted to 172,549
bushels. May corn opened at- 29y 2 c, sold between
29 5 /ic and 293/ c. closing at the outside, y @Vic
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 625 cars.
OATS— There was steadiness in oats. Lighter
arrivals than estimated, 384 cars, and the firmness
of wheai both combined in communicating the
strength. Withdrawals from store were 1100
bushels. Bradstreet's gave an increase In stocks of
175,000 bushels. May oats closed lie higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 216
cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 90c; May, 90y 2 @
903/ic. Receipts, 31 cars.
BARLEY— Choice to fancy barley . was scarce
and firm, but the poorer kinds were in liberal sup
ply and easy. Receipts were 109 cars. Poor to
fair sold from 24y»c to 29c, good to choice from
30c to 34c and fancy was nominally 35@36c
■ PROVISIONS— hog market was higher this
morning and on that knowledge product presented
a fair measure of strength at the opening, but with
the Improvement in prices the selling disposition
grew in importance and very soon declines were
noted. May pork closed 7y»c lower; May lard
and May ribs each 2Vjc lower.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT — March, 61%®61%c; May. 63®
63y 8 c; July, 635 Be.8 c.
CORN— March, 28V$>c: May, 293,4 c; July, 30y 8 c;
September, 31 /gC.
OATS— May, 20s/gc; July, 20y c; Septemoer,
203,i@207/gC. : •
PUKK— SIay, $9 67Va: July, $9 86.
LARD— May, $5 40; July, $5 55.
RIBS— May, $5 20; July, $5 30.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., March There
was a good general demand for cattle to-day. The
receipts were light and prices stronger. Offerings
of hogs were ligh*. The demand was brisk and
prices advanced sc. The supply was soon taken at
the improved prices. Sheep were steady but
lambs were in liberal supply and declined 10@15c.
CATTLE— Receipts. 3500; choice to prime, 1300
to 1700 pound steers, $4 20@4 60: good to choice
steers. 1200 to 1600 pounds. *3 95(d)4 15; me
dium steers, 1150 to 1300 pounds, $»70@3 90:
common steers, 950 to 1200 pounds, $3 40ftu3 65;
feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds, $3 50(0j3 75; bulls,
choice to extra, 83 2')@3 60: cows, poor to good
canners, $1 75@2 45: veal calves, good to choice,
$4 75@5 75; Texas fed steers, $3 15@4 15.
HOUS— Receipts, 19,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots.s3 95@4 10: common to choice
mixed. *3 90<&4 05; choice assorted, .$3 90@i 10:
choice assorted, $4 10@4 15: light, $3 95<g>4 15;
pigs, 93 40@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000. Inferior to choice,
f2 76_.3 75; lambs, $3 50@4 65.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been firm at 3y 2 (§4y last
loan at 4%, and closing offered at 4V. Prime
mercantile paper. @6%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexi
can dollars.64»/i@563 4c. sterling exchange steady,
with actual » us'iiess iv Danlcers' bills at *4 86%
(a 4 87 for 60 days and $4 87S/if<i4 88 for de
mand. Posted rat«R, *4 87y 88Va- Commer
cial bills, S« 0534@4 86V4. Government bonds
nrm; state bonds dull: rauroaa bonds lower.
Silver at the board was higher. ; .
Bgß3BflGSr"-osiKa rtocrs.
_m Tel Cable.... 91 Norfolk <fe Wes:... 1%
tchison 16 Preferred.. 7y 8
Preferred t ■ <45 .. Northern Pacific.. 'Jy 8
Adams Kxprcss.i.l4« Preferred 13
Alton, Terr 57 Normwesiern...-...103i/ a
Express. 110 I Preferred 144
AmertcanTobacca 8'2 3 /8; N. Y. Central...... 97y 8
Preferred 101 3 /* N. Y. Chicago&B.t . i»<J
Bar BtateUas 21 Ist preferred..... 74
Baltimore Ohio.. 17 2d Dref erred. 2K
BrnnswjcK Lands.. J-h - N - Y. *N. H........179
Buffalo. Roch <ft V. lo IN. Y. <fc New Eng. 40
Canada Pacttic... 65Vi;N. Y. Susqdfc W. ' 914
Canada Southern.. 4 9»/i Preferred .„ 24y a
Canton_»nd 8 Ontario. .13 "
Central Pacific. .-" 15 Ontario Western. 14»4
Cfces. * Ohio .' I 6 Oregon Improvmt. . 2»--
Chlca«o Alton 155 Preferred.. ........ — \
Preierred 170 Oregon Navigation. 13 ■- :
Chicago B. <t U. ... 7 ?8 /g°reifon Short Lint. 37/ 8
Chicago Jc E. 111... 43 Pacific Mali... 2B>.
Preferred H)0 Peona. D.& Evans. • 2i /2
Chlcagouas 66Vi TltuburgA W pfd. 19'"
Cleve «fe Pittsburg.ltiO Pullman Pa1ace...157.
Consolidation Coal. : M Quicksilver........ 21/-
Con.ioildated Gas..lsiy 3 Preferred...- 15
C. CC. <tSULout». :»7 lieaaing ....... Hl/4 !
► Preferred. 87y 4 RloUrande&Westa 1«
Cola Fuel & Iron.. :SVi erred......... 43 .
Preferred...."..... 94 |Rock 151 and....... 71 14
Cotton Oil Cert. ... 163/ Home Wat AOgdenllS
Commercial Cable. 157 Bt. L. <t W....... 43^
Del. Hudson 126 Vi Preferred... ...... H
Del.Lack&Westerniei Kt.Pau1...... ...... 77v
Denver<KK. «-.... 19 | Preferred I^9s/ 8
Preferred BVi Ht. Pauldt Duluth. SM»
DißtUlers 18 5 Preferred......... 89
General Klectrlc... 87'/s St. Paul * Omaha. 39Vi
Erie. ........... 153/, Preferred.. ....... 124
Preferred:... ....-411.4 B l- Rw. Jt A 1..-....109
Fort • Wayne. ...... 160 i^ilver Cemncac*;*..' 69 " .
Great Northern Dfd.loß Southern Pacific. 19»/
Green iiay.; -*/a Soutneru it. it .;_. • » i/C,
Harlem ....29 5 ; Preferred...;..... 30.y
Hocklnz Coal .. ... di^fcuKar Rennery....ll7y 8
Hocking VaUey... I«V,| lreferred. ...... 101
Homestalce 30 Term. Coal dt Iron. *-'95/
B. Texas Cent-. 1"A ! Preferred.;. 100
Illinois Central.... 9'» J>xa9 Pacific...... • 81/4
lowa Central....™ 8y ToI.A.A.Jt N.-Micn,
Pwf erred..... ... Sti jTol. AOhlocen-.. tO
Kansas & Texas.-, IVS I Preferred dft ■
Preferred... 1 ...... -28Vii!lol-St.LouU<JtK.a :•; 4 ;
Klzgrston&Pem... 3 | Preferred 10
Lake Erie .tWestn 19 'Union Paclno ....;- 7-: •;
........ 7 1 8 l ! . P« Den. A OulL 4
La*« Shore... 147 'I' .8. Cordage . - ■iß^
Nauonai Lead-....' 2»y 8 Preferred ;..;..« 0
• Preferred 8*» 1 Guaranteed _,■ 19
Loiifflslaoa ;-Sl- U. Kxpress...... 42 '.
Louisville <te Nash. 6-'s^ U. a Leather ■ 9 V2
Louisville Na<fc Ch. > 8 ■ 1 Preferred......... 61.
Preierred "..... . 2uvi' U.S. KuDber.. ."..—' 87 ;
Consoi.lOlys! Preferred......;.. 84
Mtmpnis&Cnarls. 13 jUtlca River.. ISI :
Mexican Central... ly Wab. S. L. Jk. Pao.. G»4
Icbixan Central.. "95 ; , ' Preferred :..V... ; 17S/
Wlnn &S. L........ : jWclls-FarKO.. «5
- Preterrea ...*...- — '■" : Western Union.... 8?>V»
Minn. & St. com. 1 9 V_| w Contrai .: . . .'. .. ; ■; 3Va
lstpreferrea:.... 78^ Wheeling &L. E.. j»T/
2d rreferred . . ..■ M» 1 Preferred.'. .'...:.., 36v«l
Missouri Pacific.... 2r.i/i: Am Cotton Oil Dfd. 64
AlobUecfc 0hi0..... 2iy.'W.U 8eef .......... BVa
ashvilie Chatt.... fi? "|Ao:i Arbor .;.. ,10
National Linseed.. 16 | Preferred 25
K. J.Ceiiiral -.:.... Brooklynß Transit 21
North American... * sVsi •■' . - •
' •.'•/. "■ - «T'- ■ *«l voxm,
L' p 4k. reK..:.'..'...1U8i/ B ]M. X T2d5....... :; 53%
ro, 4S coupon... l lo l/2' Do, 45.'...'. ...■„;.. ' B.'>
C 84s new reg..'...11t;»/xiMutual Union .115 : -
Do, 4s coupon... ilrt.-ii^N J Cent Gen 65...1)>t
Do. as:. 95 Northern Pao lsts.ll7l/*
I'O, Bs./.v:.-.v.v..'ii2% Do. 2d5..:....r.::112Vi
' Do. ba coupon.... 11 . j Do, M 5 ........-..- "BVa
Cherokee 4s. 1890.100 Nonnwest Consols. i3'J
, Do. 1897.... .....; 100 i Do, deb 6s-.'.:.... 110: '
' Do. 1898 100 084N.15t5...Y..109»;
1 I>o. J 899... : . ..:;. 100 '" |BiL<tlronMtQenss 80V4
r»cl£ce«ori(s....— ;t: Ldt SFQ«n6i.IP6V^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 189fi.
1 i
D. C. 3-6 Bi.. 109 BtPanl Consols ..: 118 .
Ala Class A. 4..... .. 108 i ft. P. C. APa lsts. 11 -
Do.Cla3i 84, 6s. 108 :" ' Do, Pac Cal sis.. 1
C0na01 45.. ...... 9S Southern R. R. Cs. 9i l /i I
; Jflssourl funding..— ' Texas Pacific flrsu -90 -
i X Carolina con 65..1-2y 3 Texas Pacseconas.-^3%
Do, 45....... .103 I UnionPac lstof
I Fo Carolina 4y 5...10G West Shore 4«..-.:.10. r .y,
i Term new as ... S«V* Mobile* Ohio 4i.. tJ6VB
Va funding debt... 6is /g tiranae West lsta ? 76
Do, reg...... Ches* O'ss IOBV3
" Do. deferred 0j... ' 5Vi Atchlson 45....;... 113
Do. trust rcDts st 6 Do. 'ids A.._ 25
Canada South 2ds.. lUH/2 O H <fc 8 A 65:..... 105
Cen Pac lstsol '85 101 ■ Do. 2d 7s. . . .. 100 ,
Den&KGl« 114 B&Tu Cent6s..Ho
Do. 4s 89V, Do.con6s 106
Erie 2d5... ......... 71Vg Reading 4s. „♦ 78Vi
Kansas Pa Consols 73 j Missouri tis 100
li« Pa l«u Den dlvlo7 | : .
Foreign markets.
WHEAT Cf LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens,, March 17.— The spot market
Is dull at 6s 6d@ss7d. Cargoes dull at 27s 9d ar
rived.
".:"; FCTUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following j
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
ss4Sid; April, fs4s-id; May, 6s43^d; June, 5s
4S4d; July, 5s 4%d. .
■ SECtTBITrES. ■
LONDON, Ese., March 17.— Consols, 109 11-16;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 10c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION,
1 Sterlln? Exchange, 60 days — f4 87
Sterliiu Exchange, sight .... — ■ 488
Sterling Cables ..'. ......... — 4 88Vz
New York Exchange, sight ' — I'ar
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine Silver, f. ounce.. — HB%
MexicaD Dollars.... .......: 6«J 66 Vi
■ — -• ' . ■ ' '•
PRODUCE MAEZET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHKAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 22s 6d.
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 23,555, against 39,000
tons on the same date last year; disengaged, 39,400
tons against 39,700: on the way to this port, 214,
--BUO tons, against 206,000.
WHEAT— An improvement at Chicago gave the
market more tone, and futures advanced. Spot
grain conrinued dull and nominal at the recent de
cline. The .English - markets were weaker and
dull. No. 1, $1 07V 2 : choice, $1 083i@l 10:
lower grades, $1 ©1 06Vi: extra choice 'ior mill
ing. 20@125 $ctl.
CALL HOARD SM.KS.
iNFOKVAii Skssiox— lo o'clock— May— loo tons.
$1 09y 2 . December— 6oo, $1 07V*: 400, $1 07s/ .
Kr.mrj.Aß .Morsikq Session— December— Boo
tons. $1 08: 1300, $1 07"4; 1100, $i 07%. -May
-200, SI OH%; 800. $1 16.
Aftkbnoo.v Session — May— loo tons, ?1 lOVi-
DecemDer— l4oo tons. $1 08y 8 .
BAKLEV — Brewing continues In fair demand
for shipment, but there is nothing doing on local
account. Feed continues quiet and unchanged.
Feed. 67y,(g.70c ■$ ctl; choice, 71Vi@72} /2 c 9 ctl;
Brewing, 75@82 y e. ; ■■ ■
CALL BOAK1) SAI.FJB.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May, 100 tons,
70V c.
Keouur Mornixo Session— December— loo
tons, 71 Vie; 200, 7iy c. May, 100, 70% C; 100,
70" «r.
Afternoon Skssion — May— 100 tons, 713/ 8 c;
100, 711/ic. December-100, 7iy c.
OATS— Are very dull and in ample supply. Mill-'
in? »re quotable at 75<S80c %» ctl; fancy Feed, 80@
82iAc -. good to choice. V..@77 ; common to fair,
65(d.70c: (iray, 70@75c; Ked, for seed, 85@?1 05; I
Black 65c@$l 10; Surprise, 90@96c.
CORN — Sales are few and small. No chanze in
prices. Large Yellow, 87y»@90c; Small Round
do, $I@l 02y 2 : White. 80@85c ¥> ctl.
RYE-Dnll and unchanged at 80@82y 2 f* ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9!>c '& ctl. ■
FLOUR AND MIIXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Quotations are stationary. The export
business is lighter :at the moment. Net cash
prices are as follows: Family extras, $8 90@4 fi
bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 80@3 90: superfine, $2 75
@2 85 ■& bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 fl ton. • ' ' - s
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the . trade: Graham Flour .
2»ic; Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7V 2 c; Corn
meal, 2» i@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3s c: Oai Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 404% c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wbeat, Sy^c; Farina,
4y c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: RoHea Oats, 4y c;
Pearl Barley, 4Vac; Split Peas, 43,4 c; Green do,
sVic %4 Ib. . j _. "" ; *
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. .
BRAN-$12@12 50 ft ton.
MIDDLINC3S-$16@17 ■& ton for lower grades
i and $17 50@18 50 ■$ ton for the best.
FEE DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $ 16@17 V ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, #21 $ ton; jobbing,
$2150; Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
HAY— The demand and supply about balance,
hence prices show no change. Wheat. $Bfoll 80:
a few sales of extra choice at $12 are reported
Oat, $B@9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11: Barley. $7@9:
Alfalfa. 87@9: Clover. $6@S . 60; Comprssed,
S7@lo 50; Stock, $6@7 * ton.
isTRAW-35@«Oc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
• BEANS— Dealers report a quiet and unchanged
market. Bayos quotable at $1 10@l . i! 0:
Small Whites, $1 25@1 40; Pea. $1 40@l 60; Large
Whites, $1 10@l 17%; Pink. SOc@sl 20; Reds.
$165@l»0; Blackeye, nominal; Red Kidney,
nominal; Limas, 25@2 55: Butters, $1 40@l 50,
SEEDS— Nothing doing, brown Mustard, $1 95
r&2 05: Trieste. $2(£2 20 ft ctl; Yellow Mustard,
$140@l 00; Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3V4«43'/ 2
t* 1b; Alfalfa. B@9c Ift lb: Rape, 134@2c ft lb;
Hemp, 4c Tpi lb. ■
DRIED PEAS— The market Is nominal and very
dull at $1 25@1 40,? l ctl for .Nilrs and $1 25®
1 45 for Green. '. --..V: ..■;-;
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Weak and in abundant supply.
New Potatoes are quotable at 1%@2%c f* lb;
Stockton Sweets, $1 60@2 ctl: Merced Sweets,
$2 25@2 75; Salinas Burbanks, 60@90: River
Burbanks. So@4oc ft sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40®
65c; Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70@85c; River Reds,
none here; Karly Rose, 40@60c; Petalumas and
Toinales, 40@60c.
ONIONS— Good to choice, 50@76c ft ctl; Cut
Onions, 25<§>i0c: Oregon. 90c@»l 10 "^ ctL
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 1296 : boxes
Asparagus and 918 boxes Rhubarb and 225 sacKS
Peas.
lhecanners bought Asuaragus at $1 10@l 25.
Prices were lower owing to the large receipts.
Rhubarb and Peas were also off. Receipts of Vege
tables from Los Angeles are meager at the mo
mpnt.
. Cucumbers are quotable at 75c@$] 50 V dozen;
Asparagus, 75c@l 50 »i box for ordinary and $1 75
@2 for ex'ra; Rhubarb. 40@65r; Mushrooms
b@l2i/tBC ■& lb; Dried Peppers, 10@12y c: Green
Peppers, ; Los Angeles Tomatoes, *1 25@1 50
1? box; Green Peas, lb for .Los Angeles
and 3Vfe(a)3y.c * lb for Bay: string Beans, :
Dried Okra, 3 c; Cabbage. 40@50c ctl; Garlic,
4<a,sc f* lb; Marrowfat Squash, $35@40 t* ton. .•
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Despite the packing the market Is
weaker again, as will be seen by . the : quotations.
Stocks are ample for all needs.
Cheamkkv— Fancy, 18c; seconds, 17c ft lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c .^l lb; : good to • choice,
15rsl5y c; lower grades, 14c. ■ •
Eastkrn— Nominal.
CHEESE— No further change. Stocks continue
small. - Fancy mild new, ll@ll%c * lb;
common to good, 9@loc ft lb: Cream Cheddar, 12®
12y c: ' Young America, ll@12c; Western, > 12&8
10y c; Eastern, 13@14c. ' .:■-.
Kt;<iS— The ton auotation of 12V^c for store eggs
yesterday was a misprint. It should have read
10% c. The market Is steady at the improved
prices, with a very fair demand. Store Kkrs, 10
@10y 2 c; ranch Eggs, ll@12c; Duck Eggs, 16@l«c
'<& dozen. .
POULTRY AND GAME.
' POULTRY— Prices show no marked change, the
market being steady. :.
. Live Turkeys. 12%@1 4c ■& lb for Gobblers: 12V
©llcfor Jlens; Dressed Turkeys, 18@15c: Geese, ft
pair. $1 50(g*-^; Ducks, «7@B ?t doz for oldand
*7 6O@B 50 toryoung; Hens, *4(g15 i^doz; Roo.sterA
youtii;, $6 50<g>7; do. old, $;1 50@4; Fryers. .f,6@
6 ,*>o; Broilers, $5 60@6 for large and $4(c&5 tor
smail; Pigeons, $2 ,76@3 >* dozen for young and
$'J 26®2 50 for old. v
.GAME— Hare. 7sc ~$ dozen; Rabbits, *1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 f> dozen ror small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Ate In decreasing supply and quiet at
$I@l 25 %\ box for good to choice, 60@85c for com
mon to fair, and $1 50@2 for fancy. .
CITRUS FR UITS-Flve cars of Oranges ; came
in. There is a fair demand for this fruit. Lemons
are dull. Limes are scarce.. Oranges are quoted:
$l(dll 60 1* box for Seedlings: $1 75@S #».box
for Navels and $2 25@2 50 f\ box for Ma.tu Bloods:
frozen st(K-k goes down to nothing; Lemons. 75c@
$1 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6@5 60: ' California Limes, 75c
"f box: Bananas, $1 25®2 5() %4 bunch; Pineapples,
$2@5 f« dozen. _______ •
DRIIIiD FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— It is the same monotonous
I story of stagnation. The - following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:' ,•''-■. ; •
Carload Lots— Apples, @3c ?t lb : for quar-
I tered, 3@3y 2 c ?t tb for sllcea and 414 c i»'lb for
I evaporated: Peaches, yiA@4c ft lb and 6i/o@6c for
rancy; peeled in ; boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7 : Vi@MiAc
for oiime to choice. 9 /2 C for .fancy - and 1 0@l lc
%* lb lor fancy Moorpark; ■ Figs, black. 2V»c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc In sacks: Pears. 7c $
I lb for evaporated halves, 4@6y 3 c if* lb for quarters':
Prunes, 334@4c: Plums, 4c $>a> for pitted and
1 Vie® 2 Vic for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c $ lb for
prime to choice and 6V2C for fancy. . - i, «
Jobbing Pricks— Apples, 4@4y c; Peaches. 3®
j 4c and 6c for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12Vac:
i Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c "& lb for 40@50's
and 5c for So@6o's: Apricots, 6@9 c for prime to
i choice, 10@llcfor fancy Moorpark; Figs, black,'
[ 2i/ @2S4c: , White ? Figs, - 3@5c : .. Pears. -:■ 6y c for
I evaporated : halves • and * a@si/ic r : for s quarters;
! Plums. 3V @4c for pltteoV and l@iy 2 c ; for unpit
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc %* lb for prime to choice. . ,
■ RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
'as ' follows, ' carload lots, !1. o. .b. San 1 Francisco:
London layers, 86@90c %\ box; four-crown, loose,
/ie f, lb; three-crown. : loose, 2 Vic %l ■ lb; two
crown, 2c; seedless i Sultanas, 3% @4c: seedless
Muscatels, 2V&@2%c; three-crown .London layers,
70c; clusters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, *2 10
@2t5: Imperial clusters, .92 tJO@2 75; ; Dried
Grapes, 2VaC $ tb. • • <■■■■" * , > "-'- : '^.."-' i "«J
Jobbing .Pkicjs — Four-crown loose, Sc,j A
crown, 5Ji/4@2Vac: 2-crown, l%@2c- Seedless sul
tanns, 3%©4 c; Seedless Muscatels, 2%c ; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@sl: clusters, 81 40@l ou;
Dehesa du:ters, 92 26; Imperial clusters, 9^ ,7o;
Dried Grapes, 21/2 C. ':.;» ' " ■ "'* " _^ o "■•
NTJTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc Jb: Walnuts. 7@Bc
V tb for No. 1 hard and»@9y2forsoftshell. jobblnsr
lots; Almonds, 6@7iAc for Languedoc and B%@
10c ■ for paper-shell, jobbing; :•. Peanuts, • 6@6C lor
Kastern and 3y 3 <a4V2C for California: Hickory
Nats. 6©6 c; Pecitris, -. 6c for, rough and 8; iorpoi
ished; Filberts,. B@9c;Bra2UKuts,7y @BC¥,n>;
Cocoanuts. 94 50@5 $ 100. , -in."
HONKY-Comb is quotable at 10@12c * Ib for
bright l and B@9c 1 »-lb for lower grades; water
white extracted. 5@3%c V, Ib; .light amber ex
tracted, 4'/±(s4S4c:dark amber, 4c: dark, 2@3c.'
BEESWAX-24©27c & tb. ; '"-.* •'.'''.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— The market. Is quoted dull.
Hams are unsettled. Bacon, 6%c for | heavy, 7^|C
for light medium, 9VijC H tt> . for light, lOy 2 c for
I extra light and 12V 2 c for sugar-cured ; - Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, Jiy 3 @l2c: California Hams.
lOiyic; Mess Beef. 98 V ■ bbl: extra ; mess do,
$8 50; family do. f 10; extra prime Pork, 99 * bbl;
extra clear, 816 $ bbl: mess, $14. $ bbl; Smoked
Beef. 10@10" 3 c lb. • _ _
: LARD-Eastern, tierces, is ■■ quotable at. 6y 2 c V
lb for compound and 8c for pure; pails, B%c; Ca.i
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6y 2 c for pure;
half-bbls, 7140:. 10-Ib tins, 8c; do 5-lb, By*c 13 Ib.
COTTOLENE— 7y^c in tierces and 8c fl lb in 10-
I Ib tins. , '
i llll>i;s, TAfXOW, WOOL AM> HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Arc very quiet, and
are quoted as follows: Heavy salted steers. 7c;
culls and brands, 6c; medium. 5y 2 @6c; culls and
brands, 4 V2®sc; light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c:
Cowh'.dcs, 5c 'f, lb; culls and brands, 4c: salted
Kip. 6c lb: salted Calf. 8c •$ lb: salted .Veal,
6c; dry Hides, iO@llc; culls and brands 7 Vac;
dry Kin and Veal, 9c: culls, 9#7c; dry calf.
l&c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o(a3sc each: Kids, 6 c;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium; 15®
25c; winter, -10c: sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
15c each; - short wool, 2U@3sc each: medium, 40
@60c each; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about y s c less.
.TALLOW— Xo. 1, rendered, 3%@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, 5y2@55,4c: Grease. 2y 2 c V> ">• r •
' WOOL— No quotations for Spring clip have been
announced yet. though it is coming forward regu
larly now. We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9@11»3>. lb; San Joaquinand Southern, 3@6c;
Nevada, 9c fUb. - • : ; -..;,..
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@sc 'f> lb. Pri
vate advices from England report siight improve
ment there, but the local market is as dull as ever.
SAN FRAXCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm at the improved prices, j Beef. is '
unchanged. .Mutton is steady and Lamb lower.
Wholesale rales for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows : • '.-•" '■
BEKF— First qualitj', 6V c; second quality,
4V2tosc: third do, 3y 2 @4c •$ tb.
VKAii- Large, s@6c: aniail, 6@7c '$ Ib. - < ' ■ !
MLTTON— Wethers, 6@6y 2 c; Ewes, ttc <& Ib.
LAM B-Spring Lamb, t»@9c: yearlings, 7c f( lb.
POHK— Live Hogs, 414 c for large and 4S/
@4y for small; dressed do, s@6Vi<- - * tb. '
GKXKKAL MERCHANDISE. .
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ba?s, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Qnentln, *l 20: Wool BagH, 21(<l'U5i:
COAL— Wellington, $8 f( ton: New Welling
ton. $8 "$ ton; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 pi
ton; Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, 1 $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 60; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo,
87 50; Cumberland, $13 60 bulk and $15 in ska;'
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 913; Welsh An
thracite Egg. ; Cannel, $8: Kock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60; Coke,
910 50 in bulk and $r_' 50 ~f, ton in sacks.
CANNED FRXIT— are quotable at 91
@1 05$ dozen: Peaches. $1 10@l 30: Pears, $1 25
(g>l 35 ■ ij< . <107.en; White Cherries. ■92 25; Black
Cherries, $1 75; Plums, $1.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c
dozen; Peas, 95c@91 05 f« dozen. .
COFFEE— We quote:
Costa hica— l9@2oV>c for good to prime; 1814
--@lß3^c for good mixed with black beans; 17@18c
nom. for fair; 14@16V c tore >ipmoii to ordinary.'
Salvador— c for fair to good washed :.
19Vi@'-0c for good washed ]>eabPrry. 16%@17 4c
for superior unwashed; lt>c/ 8 c for good green un
washed: 19@19V2<" for good unwashed peaberry.
cuaiemau and Mkxican— 2O@2O« / 4c IJilbfor
prime to strictly prime washPd: 19(icJ193/ c for
good to strictly good washed: 17 1 / 2 3 /ic for fair
washed: 16@17c for medium; 14@16V^C for
ordinary: 12(a.14c for inferior to common; 20i/ 2
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; 19@19V^c
for good unwashed peaberry. " :
FlSH— Pacilic Cod, cat<-h of 1895: 1 00- Ib cases
quotable at tic. y Ib; 50- Ib bundles, 5c ti* tb: Silver
King Strips, 8c %* Ib; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c Ib;
Tablets, 8c V* lb; Seabrisht Blocks. 7VaC; Pacitlc
Herring, 18c %> box; Dutch do. $l(»i 25 t* keg:
White Fish, 9160 in half-bbls and fl 75 in kits;
Tongues and sounds, 914; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
930; No. 2, 926; No. 3, $24: half-bbls-No. 1,
$12 50: No. 2. $11; No. 3, 910; kits, No. 1, 92;
No. 2, 91 60: No. 3. 91 50
' QUICKSILVEK-Quored for export at ?36@38
9 flask. .< - ; . x ■'/-.* <-■
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 1 90c f gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c; do raw, 48c; cases, 5c
"more; Lard Oil, extra wiuter-stralned,- bbls, 61c:
No. 1, 51c; cases 5c hlgber; China Nut, 39<&47c Tfr
gal. ■ . ■ -.. ■ ■.:■ ,-, ■ •■- .". ■ .'...
PETROLEUM— EIaine Is quotable at 24y»<*f(
gal : Eocene, 2114 c %■ t-' al: Hoadli/ht, 175°, cases,
2iy2c; Star, 19Vac; extra Star, in cases. 23V2C;
Astral. 19iAc; Peurl, 19y c: Standard, 110° fire
test, 17Vsc V- gal in cases, 18c faucets and , 131/3 C
■in bulk : Water-white, refined, in bulk, 14i/2c; Min
eral seal, bulk, 19c; wood bbls, 2IV2C: cases, 24c
T 1 gal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls,
221/2*': cases. 25c f* gal. . . . .■'■••... =..
GAS#LINE, KTC. — 63° Benzine, bulk, . 16c;
cases, 21c; 74° Gasoline, bulk, 16c; cases, 21c; 87"
Gasoline, bulk, 23c:cases, 28c IS gal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at B^C tt).
RED Quotable at 6y 2 c "j, lb. : .
TURPENTINE— 47c fi gal. . >; :.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz, 10'^c;
do, 14 oz, 9Va do, 12 oz. 8 ,4 c; do, 10 oz, 8»4c;
Electric Light Candles, 6s. Iti nz, B%c; do, 14 oz,
8c; do, 12 oz, 7y c; do, 10 oz, 6 /ic; rarailine Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, 14 oz, 9-'»4c;
assorted colors, SHme sizes, 10*4 c. » .
LEA'IHEK— The circular of W. B. HnmnerA
Co. says: "There is no change In thelocal Leather
market, although a small quantity of Leather has
been placed.' The sales, however, have been made,
as a rule, at concessions. No purchases have been
made for shipment Enst, as buyers seem to be
waiting for some encouragement for the future.
Each steamer for Japan has taken quite a quantity
of sole and light stock. Harness Leather continues
rather ouiet but In moderate . demand. . This grade
of Leather Is used entirely by the local trade. 1 Kip
and Calf are nominal." Extra heavy 501e.26@28c;
heavy .; Sole. 27c for No. 1 and , 26c for No. .2:
medium >ole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c for No. 2;
light Sole, 23@24c for No. 1 and 21@22 %» Ib for
No. 2; Harness, heavy. 3J@3sc: do, medium, 28c:
do. light, 24@25c; Rough Leather. 18@20c; Kips,
940®45 doz; Calf, 70@90c $ Ib; Rough Splits,
4(gsc. - ■■:> "'■ --■• '. ■ :.-: ■ ■. ... ■• .■•••.•
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Keflnery Company
has advanced its prices, . und it • now quotes,
terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, r Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all6Vß<*: Dry Granulated, 6V3C;
Confectioners' A, 5»/«c: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 4%c: Golden C, 4%: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes V>c more.
SYRUP— in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
¥Kal..- . /.,.• ■ . ' . - ■■■■- * .;:.
WOOD, LUMBEB,j TIES, ETC.
Lumber is firm, and some kinds are quoted high,
though the list has not yet been formally issued.
;;? Poets, 9@loc each: Redwood, «5 %» cord; Oak,
rough. 96 50: peeled, $9: Pine, 95-75; Railroad
Ties, 35e apiece for 6xß, 41c for . 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9c. •
TANRARK-sl4 1; .
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, 913®
$17 50 fur the different lengths: No. 2. $11 : No. 1
Flooring, '.s2l@26; • Lath, 92; Redwood. «16 for
No. 1 and 913 for No. 2; Rustic, 918@25; Shingle.-,,
common, 91 60: Shakes, |J?M..; :
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR! PRODUCK.
FOB 24 nouns. '.
rionr. qr. 8k5...... 7,4oo!Wtne, gals. 40,006
Wheat, ctls ..' 2,00.i! Uiiitur, ct15. .".■...;.• 177
Barley, ctla.. : ],660l('heese. cits... ....'.' ■ ■'——
Oats, ct15.......... 540 Eggs. doz ...... .12,0^0
Rye, ctls 135 Quicksilver, Haiti 78
Beans, 5ka. ....... .' ■ 435 Leather. rolls ..^ * 43
Potatoes, 8ka....... 3,1371 Hides, no 1J443
<treR0n. .......... lll'elts,Ddls.. «..-.;.;.' ,643
Middlings, 5K5..... 348; Wool, bis .166
Br»n, nits.. 100. Lumber. M feet... 10
Hay. t0n5.......... 130 Rmsins. bx5...'..'... 1.210
EEAL ESTATE
Nathan Lowensleln to John Pforr, lot on 8 line
of McAllister street, 125 X of Octavia, X 25 by S
137:6; $10.
J. T. and Anna B. Dunn to Kdward W. Gordon,
lot on W line of Broderick street, 62:8V4 >J of
■Washington. N 25 by W 87:6: $10.
Kdward W. Gordon to Jacob C. Johnson, same;
$JO.
Henry Ickelheimer to Satnuel Ickelhelmer, the
undivided half of lot on SK corner of rlay and
Walnut streets, E 87:6 by S 10'2:HVi; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Carl street, 65 E
of Willard, E 25 by S 100; $10.
James A., Joseph, Annie. Kate, Nellie and Mary
Clark to Catherine Clark, lot on E line of Chat'a
nooga street, 182 8 of Twenty-first, S 26 by X 12S;
also in: on X X corner of Twenty-first and Church
strrets, N 101:6 by X 105: gift.
M. Morgenthau "company (a corporation) to Al
fred W. Ranks, lot on N line of Twenty-first street,
25 E of Hampshire, B 50 by N 109; SlO.
Annie O'Duy to Thomas B. O'Neill, lot on W line
of Bryant avenue. 208 N of Twenty-third street, N
62 by \V 100; $10.
Elizabeth Brittaln to Anna I* Byrne, lot on 8
line of Twenty-second street, 126 E of Guerrero, S
114 by K25: gift.
A lon/.o Slaven to James V. Hill, lot on If line of
Army street, 290 Wof Church, W 30 by X 100; $10.
Kmeline Wallace to Thomas Brown, lot on H line
of Sutter street, 42:6 E of Jones, E 65 by S 137:6;
$10.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Jotepha Lange, lot
on E line of Leavenworth street, 44 :1% B of Wash
ington, S 22:01/2 by E 115; $10.
William Bouchers to Annie rusin, lot on SE line
of Hincon court, 68:1 SW of Main street, SW 25:5
by SE 62:1; $10.
Angelica Wnkelee to H. V. B. and Mary Parker,
lot on RE line of Harrison street, 89:6 SW of
Beale: SW 25 by SE 137:6: $.">.
Catherine Ha'nnan (executrix of the estate of
John Hnnn.in) to Cullen K. sturtovant, lot on W
line of Tweniy-second avenue, 56:4 S of ( alllor
nia street, S -14:8, W 120, E to a point 67:9Vfe S of
California street, N"E 120:7Va: $750.
Catherine Hannan to same, same; $2.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John H. and Martha
E. Logan, lot on W line of E'ghth avenue, 125 S of
H street, 8 25 by \V 120; $10.
Henry C. Cassen to James Balpb Jr., lot on £
me of seventeenth avenue, 176 s of J street, S 25
by E 120; 830.
Mathilda Merino to William A. Hench. lot on W
line of Forty-second avenue, 100 S of W street, S
50 by W 120; also lot on W line of Forty-third
avenue, 125 s of W street, S 100, W 240, N 43:10,
E 120, N 50. E 120; also lot on S\V corner of \V
strr>et and Forty-fourth avenue, S 211, NE 120, N
110, E 62:6. X toW street, E 57:6: flO.
Anne E. Welti to Catherine ML. L. Hlllenbranrlt,
Katie Bauer, Charles, Edward .».. Theo., Frank L.,
Lawrence and Ameiia E. Welti aud Caroline
Friuicke, lot 4, block 515, Bay View Homestead
Association; gift.
Maria G. Mai lon to Joseph B. Mallon, estate of
John Mallon; $1000.
ALAUEDA COUNTY.
John M. and Nettie M. Carroll to Jennie Ells
worth, lot on N line of Santa Rosa avenue. 213 E
of Chetwood street, E 40.50 by 5 160, being lot 2,
block G, Stanford T-ract, Oakland ; $5.
George T. ana Adelia S. Hawley to same, lot on
N line of Santa Rosa avenue. 253.50 E of Chtn
wood street, E 30.50 by N 160, block G, same,
Oakland; $10.
Nellie C. and Jacob C. Lane to W. W. and Re
becca E. Davis, lot on NE line of East Seven
teenth street, 100 SE of Nineteenth avenue, sk
75 by NE 140, block 40, San Antonio, East Oak
land; 910.
Estate of Charles A. Klinkner (by executrix) to
Maria Mitterwald, lot 18, block 11, Herzog Tract,
Oakland Township: 9235.
John and Mary S. Vielhauer to A. it. Palmer, lot
on E line of Wilson avenue, 294:4 S of Hopkins
street. S 75 by E 130, being lots 44, 45 and 46,
block F, revised map Prospect Hill Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $200.
Eliza E. and K. A. Webster to Chares Prowse,
lot 3, block E, Anspaciier Tract, being a resubdi
vision of portion of liny wards Tract, Eden Town
shin: $10.
same to Robert Gordon, lot 4, block E, same,
Eden Township; ?10.
i- state of John Meigher (by administrator) to
George A. Onkes, all interest in lots 4, 5 and 6,
block 14, Hay wards Park Homestead Union, Eden
Township; f4&O.
George A. and Emma H. Oakes et al. to Jose J.
Cabral, same, Eden Township; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to James L. Mayon,
lot on SW corner of Market and West Twelfth
streets, S 108, W 125, N 146:3, E 129 :03/ i to be
ginning, Oakland: f 10,500.
W. A. and Florence A. Patterson to Annie \V.
DuhiK, lot on S line of Minna street, 349 E of Tele
graph avenue, E 26 by S 100, being portion of Lin
den Homestead, subject to a mortgage for 9700,
Oakland Township; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Erie street, 646.70
Eof Telegraph avenue, E 52.04, N 126, W 52. S
123:6 to beginning, being uortion of lauds of Lin
den Homestead Association, subject to a mortgage
for $180, Oakland Township: $10.
Jose Uulllermo to Peter Casaville, lot on E line of
Sixth street, 150 N of University avenue, E 120. N
55 to center of Strawberry Creek, thence to E line
of Sixth, thence S 47 to beginning, block 85, Sis
terna Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
Anua M. Cook to F.B.Cook, lot 13, block A, King
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
THE STOCK MAKKET.
The market was irregular yesterday, some
stocks selling up and others down. The Bodies
were off from Monday's prices and were quieter.
Several of the northend stocks were a few cents
better; but the peneral feeling was weak.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange Han Francisco
Gas was lower at $79@80 and Edison at $100i/8@
100%.
Transactions on the Gold Mining Exchange will
be found below. Daily sessions are now held.
Ophir Is assessed '25 cents.
The Ainorican Sugar Berinery will pay quarterly
dividends of 3 per cent on common slock and 1%
per cent ou preferred stock April 2.
Asftegftments Fending.
Following Is a list of assessments am* pending:
Company.
No.
in the
Board.
Sale Day.
Julia Con :
Silver King.........
Andes.. :
Sierra Nevada 1
Bulwer Con
Belcher...
Con. Cal. <ft,Va......
Bodie C0n......
Se*. Belcher i...
.i
iFeb 17. March 11
jFeb2B.lApril 6
Mch 1 . March 28
Mch 6. March 27
Mch 7. April 3
Apr 3. April 28
Apr 4. April 2H
Apr 7. May 4
'AprlO.jMay 4
|Aprl7.lMay
Ophlr I
BOAItD SALES.
Followlns: were the sales In the San Francisco
Stocic Board yesterday:
BEBCLAR MOKSING SESSKW COMMKNCIKG 9:30.
200 AlDha 100 Challge. ..34100 Mono ....'.13
100 Andes... 30 150 Chollar ....49 300 Uccid...1.05
500 Belcner...d2ilooCC*V.... 1.65 300 Potosi 45
200...... 33100C0nn..;.1.06 100 6ava*e....35
500 80die.. ..;.31 200 H&.N ...1.15 700 B Nev.....71
200 Hullion.. 121 60 ...*....;..1.10 200 ............72
300 8u1wer. ...431100 Kentuck..O6 Uni0n.... 63
200 Caleda....lOl 50 Mexicn....661300 V Jackt...42
AFTEBNOON. SESSION— 2:30. '.
100 A1Dba.....13 300 C Point. . .36 200 N G A C..14
100 Andes...:. 30 200 ......... 35 300 OccidtL.l.oo
1 50 8e1cner...29 600 Exchqr....O4: 0nhir...1.16
100 .... .....: .28J200 Eureka D.481100 Overmn...l6
100 Bodie 30,1 00 (J A C...... 30 200 Savage. ...36
100 8u1110n.'...11j100 Jackson.. 40;100 .'.........'..34
300 Bulwer... 2UO Justice.. ..lo ßoo Se« 8e1... .06
100 Ch911ar....49 I< JOO Mexican. 2oo S Nev 69
460 CC«.fcV...1.60;300 Mono 11 300 V Jackt..4O
00C0nt1....1.00j i;.,.V I
Following were the sales in taa Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday. '. ■'■';■ :■■."' •
.':-•' - , rxri-lah session— lo:3U.
400 Alpha... 13900 C0nt1.1.02%<500 Ophirl.l7V'a
900 Alta i .16400...........1.00 400 1.16
600 Andes.. ..30,-00 ............97 500 0vrmn....17
900 Belcher.. 3000 C 1mp. ..02 300 P0t05i.....44
1600 :.. 311600 Crown Pt.36 600 Savaire 35
300 .30 1200 ..........37 800 Scorpion..o4
600 29400 3X900 M...06
460 2811500 Exchqr.. os 200 *> Nev....73
600 BAli 69 800 G A C... .33 600 ...........72
300 68 300 HAN .1.15 300 ...........71
200 . .....'.... 67|ft00 Ju1ia. ;.....05 500 .. ....... 70
700 80die.... .30 400 Justice. ...12300 ;..... 66
400 8u11i0n.... 300 Kentuck..O6 Hill..
200 8u1wer....41500 L Wa5h....05 800 Union C...64
600 Ca1eda.....10 400 Mexican. .s7 600 ............63
200 Cha11ne...36 400 66 300 62
400 . ...;:..... .3.% 200 ......;.. 55200 ............61
75OChouar. ............64 300 Utah ...11
400 49 400 Mono 15 400 V Jacneu.44
400 CCV 1.6&;i500 ..........14 1600 ...... /TA'2
800 .......1.67% 600 Occid 1.02% 400 ...........41
500 1V 8 400 Ophir. 1.201800 ...40
675 ..:..... .1.60 , |
AFIKRNOOy SKBSION—
300 Alnha 12 550 C V..16.' 650 Occldt!..l.oo
400 Alt* ...16 100. ........ ..1.ri0 Ophlrl.l7y
200 Ande5.... 28 200 Conn 98'2H0 ....'.:.... J. 16
300 8e1cher....28 4000 C 1mp.:.02i200 0vrmn....15
200 BA 8.... .681400 C P0int.. .36|200 P0t05i.....43
400 ..".......... 500 Kxcnqr.. .osl3oo Savage....3l
100 Kodle 30 300OAC 30[400 S Kev....«9
500 8u11i0n... 11 H00........ ....29 300 ............68
8u1wer... 37^00 HAN :...li/s SOO S Hill 02
300 Ca1ed......09 :....:;... 1.10300 Uni0n. ....60
200 Cballnee..34i3oo Kentck....06!200 Utah 09
300 Ch011ar....48i500 Mexican.. 800 V Jackei..4O
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalie.2 60 300 Grant.... 451000 Svnnah.B2
100-... - r ....2 45100 ..:... 50300 ......33
100Chmpnl2 00 100 Keystn.3 -lb 300 Thorpe ...75
100 -:..:..:. 11 75 100 ...... ...3 40300 ..... ...:.8O
200 ar»ni..:..40j100 Prvdnc.7 7511000 ..........85
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 17-4 P. . ;
Bi<l.Askf*U\ Bld.Asktd.
•Alpn»Con....', 12 13 Jack50n......... 40 > —
Alia. 15 16 Julia. ........ 04 05
Ana#« 28 30 Justice 10 , 11
8e1cher.*...;... 27 28 KentucK. ...... 05 06
Best A Belcner. 66 67.Lady.Wssn.... 04 05
80die.... ...... 27 28Mexican....... 62 53
KcutonCon.... — 30 Mono ..........— la
Ku11i0n.. ....... 10 lllKevadaUueeo. — 05
1in1wer. ;.....» 35 37 Occidental..... 1.00 1.05 I
alPdoma Otf 10 Ophir ......... 1. 16 I.2<i i
Llialienge Con. 33 35 Overman ....^ .15 17 j
Cliolmr, ....... 47 •48 P0105\.... "43 44
Co:i. CaL Va. 1.60 I.6s'bavrKe... .S3 '34
Cou. linpenaj. — * 02 feR. Belcher... 05 07
Conndencw..... 98 1.05 bierra Nevada, 68 70!
Con.New Yore — - 04 (Scorpion - 03 —
Crown Point...- 34 35 Silver H1U..... — 02
Kiim Sierra — 04 Syndicate.. .... — 02 |
Exchequer..... 05 06 Union C0n..... 60 ■/ 61
KiirekaCon.... — 25iUtah.V..: .'IU.II
i-i-u.u «£ curry. 29 30i VeUow Jaolcet. 40 41
llalto.iNorcrs.l.lo 1,16| "
S'l Ol'K AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 17 Jr. m.
; ' ! T Kl> STAT BOXD3.
*;,';'• J ivr. At/tcd.l Bill. Atfcei.
O S4scoupMlX — t" S4s reg..,108 —
Do. new 15... - 1 17 i/a
Ml" ' I.HNKKI'I BHN'ni.
Cal-stCbleM.llO-v;, _ Do. 2d Im (in. • — -
CalElecl.6s.lll — . P O 6s. 105 120
CntraCW6s- 94 : 9'J T " P.VChKv6s. .. — ' 106 \
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 H» s t.RR6». — 116y 2
Kdsnt,AP 6S.IIO14) l.'i : Keno. WI^AL — - 105
FACHRK6S.IO4 104% KiverW Co6s — , 100
tieary-stKss. 102 -.'■ 103 J.-RctoP A 1.... 100 10U»4
LosAnKL,6». - 001 .'SF&NPRKSsIOjy 8 102 ,
Do,Onted.6s. ; - 102 bPKUAriz 6s *• — --■• 84%
ilkt-ttCble6sl23 — SPP.K Calbs.. 107% —
r>oU.vConss..lOH 106«/4!e>l'UK Calas.. — 87V*
NevCNgß7s. 99V 2 100 iSi'BrßCalS*. '■ 96% —
N PCKR6S.IO3V4 -■'.- BVWalerdv. liaValSl'Va
■ NRyCal6s. , — 105 BVWater4s.«: 9U ; 99-y*
NHyCal6». — 106 Ktkin(iAKß» ' — 102Va
OalcUas 65. . 100 102% SunstTAT6s. — ,
Do. 2d Iss6s.loo — • Butter-stK6s. 110 —
Omnlbus6s.. — ■ 121% VUallaWt! — 91
I'acliolUMU*.. — — •:. T
; •' :'\ : --' ■ -.■^- i; ■ • WATRB STOCK"*. "' ,
Contra Cost* 40 — * |Ban J05e..... 75 — -
Marln . . . 49 • — |Bprlnj! VaUey 99% 100 ; :
CAS STOCK*.
Capital. — 40 Padflc Light. , - 48 .
Central 95 — Bani-rancsco 78 -79*4
OaIcULAH. sie,^ 52 ' ! Stockton. .... — ''21%
racUaslmp. 80% 82% ■ - '
"V ■„',"',;,;. .i'XxsirBANcKSTOoK* .•
FlremansFd.l69 175 |Sun .......... 40 . —
\ ■■..•■/,'' '.' '■■•'■: M KK\:iAI, BANK STOPKi. ' .'■' '■■
Amerß&TC.' — —: . (LondonPAA. —.130
Anglo-Cal...'. — 67 |LondonA3F. — 27%
BankofCal.. — >— :'iMerchEx-..'.ia —
CaISDATCo.. 67 " — iNevada — — '
FlrstNatlonl. 178 182% Bather itCo. - —
tiransers.... — —.■;!..-.'■.
. .;.-. I" \ ■'■ BAVINas BANK BTr>CIC<. . ;:"■.
OerSALCo..I426 — |Bav*Loan.. : — 1021/4
HumbSAL.IOOO — Security...... — 260
Mutual... . — 40 Union Trusc.Bos —
SavUnlon — : 482%; ' ■
'' ■■' .•; . '"'.i 'BTBKKT BAILItOAD STOCKS. '■'■''- ■'■'. ' - x ::l}'-~:
California... .lo7% i — ' ,Oak,SL&Haf : — 100 ;.
Ueary-st ;60 v n 7":% 'presidio... ~. «V, ■ — ■ ;
Market-»t..»^47%l4V%Sutter-ifc.y... — —
,. ■• ; *;; ■"• ■': '■'. '; : J'OWDKH STOCK*, a
'AtlanUcD... ;? 15 V» - Jodson....^ — —
California.... _ 88 : VJgont.7...« - X
tiUnt.. ....... 17V4 lb'A, ■-'•■
MISCHiLANKOns stock*.
', AlMkft PJcrs. ■ 87 Vi 88 •' OceanlcSSCO — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCot Mills.. — :■ . — iPac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — PacI&NCo. — SO
Edi»on Light IOOS4 IO I Paoßoll Mill 29 1/ ViVt
\ GasConAssa. — ' — iPnrfl'aintOo. 6% 7y
Ger J.ead Co. 80 i . — - 11'acTransUo. — 2* .
I HawCASCa. 18y 3 183A!racT&TCo 60 —
I HntchSPCa. 186/8 1» SnnsetT&T..' 41 —
- JudsonMfgC. — , •■—■-. UnitodOCo.. — 555
: JtxAssnlOO 110 ! ,
;! | '■}.. '\- MORN I ■ BKRSION'.' :
Board— l4o Alaska Packers' Association, 87^:
10 do. BS: 10 Hawaiian Commercial, 18i /2 : 60 S V
Water, 99%: 30 do. 993,4. ,
Street— so Hutchison S P Co, 19; 100 S F Gas
licht 80: a&d0, 7934:10 IS V Water (cash) 100:
65 S V Water, 99^.
. " AFTKRXOOV SKSIIOV.
Fonrd— lo Bank of Cal. 237V±:40d0. 237: 43
Edison Light and Power Co, IOOV2: 50 do, 100%:
50 Hawaiian Commercial, 18%: 170 Market street
Kxilway, 471/8 : 300 S V Gaslight, 79. ■
I Street— loo Hawaiian Commercial, 19: 150 Oak
land Gas, 51 %-_^^______*___-_-
HOTEL AREIYALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
MriMrsLNewrnan.Ohio Thos Couch, Butte
M I) Ba'lard, Seattle E G Wheeler. San Jose
M Benjamin Aw, Wis O F Fehleison. N J
Mrs R G xirown, Bodie J W Coe, Conn
C V Bradley, Conn Mr and Mrs Overholter,
H Ponier<>y, Sc Elmo Scottdale
Mr <fc Mrs S A Murhard, L B Jones, Chicago
Portland J Eisler. N V
Mrs i> H Barm, Duluth Missifi (Jreatsinger.Minn
, F A Wadleigh.salt Lake C J 8 Meyer, Mich
Mrs C B Wheeler, Colo J a Cowan, London
; F A Cowan, Kureka 0 Know, N V
J W Patterson, Chicago W J MeAlpin *w. Di.xon
T J lluetson. Nebr Mr A Mrs .1 N Burke, Cal
J W Prosser, lowa W a McCi htt. Ulvnn
C King, Chicago L Kahn, Oakdale
E Sawyer, St Paul G Evans, Oroville
<! W James A son, Cal C R Morso, (irinnell
Mrs J J Williams, Chgo Mrs M C Kugtl, Wis
S B Rugel, Chicago Mra A Groves, N V
Sli Walton &w, Chgo Miss M B Walton, Chgo
Miss C Walton, Chicago Mrs J .-thocles, Pittsburg
Miss Rhodes, Pittsbnrg Miss A L Khodes, l'Htsbg
Mrs C D Wainwright.Mo Miss A V Walnwrlght.Mo
Miss 11 E Harvey, Mo Cll Waftvtr, Los Angels
Mrs H B Blumhard. N J Miss A D Lults, Philadrl
Mrs I. M D Snhram, Pa Mrs I C Webb. Philadelp
Mrs C H Lafferty, Phila Mrs S Cahill, Phila
Miss M Bliss. Phila Miss E C Bn-liam, Phila
MrsM LThisscll, Phila Master J M Thissell, Pa
W BSawall, Philadelphia J P Brosius, Phila
V W Walter & w, Phila J Ulmer Aw, Pbila
C Lintey <fe w, Phila J T Sawyer .t w, Phtla
Miss L N Sawyer, Phila F W Gartvood, N J
A Vau Buren. N V H Van Duerson, N B
J L Manning, N B C R Hfttfletd, Brooklyn
A Van Horn, Brooklyn W E l-'renoye, Phila
J H Speakman, I'hila J Moos. N V
Dr A B Clayton, Chicago C T Buynton, Chlcaso
Mrs O W RupKles, 111 Mrs B Cash, st Lo is
Wm Nettleton, w Adr, (ill Fisher* w, Brooklyn
Spokane E W Allen, Cleveland
Mi*l 1. W Allen.Clevelnd Mrs F 11 Levey, N J
Miss Levey. N J c t Wheeler, t'liicago
Kate Wheeler, Chicago Mrs Hilly or, Chicago
Mrs ilay.on, san Jose C A Arm.s;rong, Nan Jose
H A la Fetra, N V Mrs la Fetni. .N V
F W Carpenter, R I Miss Carpenter, It I
D, R Wa!k.>r, Phila H W Boraean. Phila
G W Miller. Kalamatoo Mrs (J W Mil er. Mich
R F. Jack, S Luis Obispo Sig Harris, Boston
Miss C G Webb, Phila
GKAXD HOTEL.
W F Knox, Sacto (; Kech. Florida
H Phillips, Seattle C H Kiehl. Seattle
J W Copo, Stockton B F Hartley, Auburn
C Carlson, Newcastle L L Win, ( (akland
C Zinck. Amador ' C F Hutchinjon, stkn
R S Coutine, San Jose J Monahan, San Mau-o
J Sullivan, Mateo F C Turner, Oakland
W A Bone <fe «f, Oakland J Johnson A \vt\ Oakld
J A Johnson, Boston E B Mason. Boston
.X B Sampson, Napa T M Taylor, Benicia
S<; Hatch, Los Angeles A E J-ieckes, Cal
J W Ryan, Humboldt, F W Day, Humboldt
R S Royscroft. Cal R H Jones. Kansas City
T Griffith, Red Oak Mrs T Griffith & c, Cal
C A Phillips, Kansas Cy E P rhiirch, Boston
Mri L H Hums, N Mm Miss h Bills, N Mcx
F M Farwcll, .-araosa R T Heath, Hamord
H T Dangberg. Carson T A Lockwood A w,('hgo
! S N Griffith, Fresno F W Starisfeld. S Cruz
.B M Wilson, Germantn Miss E S Wilson, Pa
H H BuhntT, Eureka D W Brown, Clements
J P.Nichols, Salt Lake T G Mason, Fresno
M A Mason, Fresno Miss Ella Jones. Boston
J C Tolman, Or W P Thomas. Ukiah
J W Thomas, St Paul F h Prior. Hartford
Mrs D E Prather, Napa ,T Newton, Woodland
W < ' Waters, Watsonville E H Green i w . Stanford
R P Oulahan, Stockton C M Weber. Stockton
W C Clements, Woodland J C Tice, Woodland
H W Heath, Chico T A Hunter .t u\ l>x
C T Pierce, Frosno F M Clnuetiden, Fresno
J A Andrew, Los Ang W H ICngels, Fresno
J Me Pike, Napa J La vert y. N V
Miss L Rippey,sycamor° J.l Morris. \v vfc s.(irnd Isl
J W Herkner. Stockton A C Autmer, Ix>s Ang
H <■ Hulet, Willows (i W Fttcb, N V
A Ward, Sulsun
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Chas Glattle, Milwaukee Miss Carrie Lonigan, Cal
Mrs l, C Ewing. Newman W J Wismar, Oregon
Antone Tngel. (Jregon A Richards. Los Angeles
j E S Richards, Los Ang Mrs A R Noyes, Fresno
D J Humphrey, Alaska X Henderson, Portland
I Rev J W McGuckin, Ot- A B Crowell, Los Ang
\ tawa. Canada 31 rs O J Treat. Fresno
|O L Bennett, San Jose Mrs T Montague. Denver
Ida Montague, Denver Eleanor Montasue, Duvr
Aldon Hender3on,Sonora P. Meyers, soriora
Tbos Patterson, Madera 1) H Blake, Santa Clara
J Caswell, Portland (' M Parker, Portland
R < orbett. Riverside M E Beatty <£ w, Oregon i
■lohn Holman, Elma Daniel H Reed, Tracy
I McCarty. Illinois Miss Kinny, Portland
Miss Becker, Portland Alex Sparrow. Portland
R L Heern, sonora <" H Dyar, Ontario. Cal
Mrs Croze. Benicia John Young, Benicia
Con Collins, Watsonville V M Babbitt, Victoria
James Keardon, Los Ang Mrs M Chapman, Oregon
Wm D Murphy, Oregon W F Hite, Fresno
A B GrMham, Tacoiia C Farnell, San Jose
M J O'Brien, San Jos.«
LICK HOUSE.
D V Mahoney, San Jose J Altaihe, Nevada
J II Logan. Santa Cruz Rev I Rogers. Marin Co
Wm J Hassett, sacto F Hauis. Yuba City
G Leallard, Santa Monica I L Delano, Rocklin
Mrs J Delaud, sacto Mrs Laurance, Cal
Mrs L Porter, Stockton C A Bond A w,S Rafael
C A P.ond Jr. San Rafael C G Haskin, Pine Grove
J F Cariston. Merced H A Pratt, Frosno
Dr C H Qainlaui .t f.Chgo Jno P W alktr, Seattle
Peter Simmons, Eureka C P Arnold, Stockton
Chas A Brooks, Nai a Thos B Fassett, Ventura |
Mrs E L Bennan, Napa Harry Armstrong, S Jose
Lee S lla>;ins. RV C P Jordan <fe w, Portlnd :
Jno Sinclair, Visalla V 1) Kichardson ft f, Tire |
Geo Clinton, Newman 'B C Bates Af. Nev City
B A Crow, Westley Mrs C A Washburn.Napa
O A Evans, Stockton John T Allen, Napa
R C Mann, Redding
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C C Swain, Stockton J H Roberts, Sacto
P Hall. Sacramento J C Lynch, Cucamonga
G A Reed, san Jose D Meyo, Petaluma
S Schweitzer, New York T Rethos. Cal
R Effey, Santa Cruz C W Perry A wf, N V
H Silberstcin, Chicago D L Owsley, Chicago
F R Bell, N V J N Prall, Boston
G W Hess, Chicago E Porter* wf, Illinois
Mrs W Smith, Cleveland J B Marston, Santa Clara
A F Gray, San Jose G Clark A wf. Phila
F Lurkenback, N V C Jones <S wf.New Jersey
H Williams, Mich G Burns, Vallejo
C Miller, Santa Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
II Bobroskoy, Dallas J H Newell, Stockton
H L Gorton." Wasli J F Jackson. Denver
W Dron, Walnut Grove M S Aneleto, Centerville
J R Jones, Portland A Hackett, Alameda
W D Barnes, Sacto J Madsen, Denver
J Ayres, Sonoma J Gordon, Albany
C c'Pucki-tt, Stockton B E Allen, Stockton
Mrs E A Hansen, Cal S J Magic it w, Bethany
J Fingel Af, Presidio Mrs Edwards, 2c, Angl Is
J Hayse it w, Oakland
THE CAM, CALENDAR.
March. 1896.
Mo.
JTu.
\V.
Th.
2
9
10
12
[13
.U
££& New Moon
Ns/ ' March i
17
—
16
1»
.
3 First. Qua
March
23
,O, .- Full M<x
v 2/ ; March
OCiiAA' s'llCAiliiKS. ' : --^vj
Date* of Departure lrom San Franciiico.
: A.raco..V.;.V !
f-nnio Koi«-. ,
Homer ."..■,.■. !
P0m0na..... I
Weeoct.;.... i
Queen.......
tit Paui..:.:.
CltyPuebla.. j
5un01;. .;.... ,
ABlanchara
Del .None .. '
aralion.... j
Bclelc. ;..."..
C0r0na...... i
•Yaquina.Y.. i
Eureka... ■ I
Slate of Cai
Gliy Sydney
Empire...... c
W Alia Walla
| Coos Uftv...... !
Kan Dieeo I
! Coos 8ay...... !
Humboldtßay i
Eel Kiver j
t'ortUna :..... j
Newoort I
i Vie &■ Pet tsnci .
Grays Harbor, j
Portland...'..;:
Urays IlarDor. '
1 v aaulna Bar.. I
Cbina& Japan
i fan Diezo .'.. ]
i Puget Sound. .
: NevrDOn ...";.. :
1'0rt1anu....... !
: Panama....;.. j
Portland.'.". :T.% i
I Vie * P<rt Bnd
!MchlB,loAM
MchlS.llAM
MchlS. spm
tMchlS. < 2pm
jMcnlB. 9am
| Men 19. 10am j
Mch2O. 9am
,Mch2o. 9am'
Mch20,12 jj
jMch2O. 6pm 1
iMch2O,l'2 Mi
Mch2l, = SPM :
Mch2l, l Bpm
Mch22.llAM
Mch23,.....; i
■ Mch24. 9am
Mcli24.loam
Mcbl>s.l2 M!
Mch2B, : 6pm
Mcb2s. 9am
Pier 13
Pier 11;
Oceanic
, Pier 9 m
: Pier 13
i Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
| Pier 2 I
Pier 13
■ Pier ?
PMSS
; Pier 11
; Pier 9
Pier 11
; Pier H
tPMSS
Pier 13
Pier 9
BTKAMEKS TO AKRIVIi.
Stkamkfi
rrogressisi ,
Empire.". :.:.... . '
Rt-fa0i .;.....'.-.'. I
Peru rr.T. :..:.;:.
Alice Blancnanl
City of Sydney; :
C0r0na...... ;.:T |
State.of Cat..... i
Walla Wa11a.... ,
P0m0na........: ]
Wp.eott. :...v.: I
Eureka:.*..::;.-.. j
San Bemto I
Pant* Uosa. \
|tumui
' Portland . ...v.t:.'.'.:. r.:: :
! Newport. ...v.V.i.'.T.V.:: .
China and Japan . .......
, P0rt1and: .".;.. .•...". ......
Panama:;.;....,.......;
I San Diego .■.'..:...:.■....
| fort land : ;•; . ,~. ..'.
i Victoria & Pugec Sound
Hnmboidc' Bay .:
I Eel River.........
! Newp0rt..:.;..;....':....
I rac0ma;;;..;:v.~.;.""...;:."
lean Dieeo.. .'....:...;..;
Coos Bay ............:;..
j Panama ..;.... ............
■ Portland : ......•.'.. V.-.;.r:
:..MchlB
..MchlB
..MchlB
..MchlS
..MchlS
..Met 19
..Mch2o
. Mch3l
1 ..Mch'Jl
1.. Men 21
. . Mch 22
..Men 22
..Mch 23
..Mchi!4
..Mch 24
I.. Mch 28
..Moh26
Arnsro |
San Bias |
Queen |
i
SVS, 3IOON AND TIDE.
V. S. Coast ani> Cieotietic Scrvey Tidb")
bumiktijt puiilishkd by official >-
Authority of the Supkrintkndkxt. )
Wednesday, March 18.
Sunrises 6.16 Moon rises
I Sunsets «.22 Moon Bets 10.41
TVfnrch-1896.
Time
Feet j ll™
L W
FeetiliiH!
IH W
Time
ITw
1.21 4.8! t
1.48 4.8 i
2.22 4.8 1<
3.09 4.7-1:
i o.i 3.05 1 :;.*
0.0 4.-JB 3.1 j
-0.1 OO'J 3. If
1-0.2 7.24 3.*!
10.lt
•-M
Note- In the aDove exposition of the tides tha
early - morning tides aro given in the li el band
oolumn, and the successive tides of the day in th«
order of occurrence a3?to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third . tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
! when tnere are but. three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tde
noundinsrs on the United States Coast Sun , ey
> charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
: height, and then the number given is subtractive
i from the depth given by 'he B^^,^— —^
i -
HYUKOGKAPHIC BOUIiTIJ*."
Bbaxch Hydrookaphic Opfick, U. 3. 2J. •»
Merchants' Eichasok- _ r
San Francisco." March 1 7, 1 89*. >
The time ball on Telegraph HUi was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the l^ucn
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtelkr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPIXti INTELLIGENCE.
A Vi'll.
TUESDAY, Mnrch 17.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 12 hours ; from
Point Arena: HSBO r r lies, to L E White Lumber
Co. ' ,
stmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Gomlull. Perkins A Co. ." . V . •
Stmr Arapo. Reed. 44 hours from. Coos Bay; pass
and mdso. to Oregon coal and Nay Co. .
stmr Protection, Kllcfseu, 22 hours from Usal;
280 M ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Co.
Stmr Homer. Drisko. 13 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels A Bros Co. .
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 7 hours from Cosmopo
-11s: pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commercial
Co.
• Stmr Empire, Anderson, 105 hours from Astoria,
via Coos Bay 67 hours: lumber and matchwood,
toNPSS Co.
Br ship ■ Ardnamurchan. Crosby, 130 days from
Cardiff: 425 tons coke, '2277 tons coal, to Williams,
Dimoml «fe Co.
; Br ship Thistle. England, 125 days from Swan
sea. 3093 tons coal, 567 tons coke, to F L Jones.
ship Dashing Wave, Morehouse. lumoer and
laths, to Hanson * Co.
Hark Coluraola. Gove. 13 daysfm Port Blakeley;
700 M ft lumber and laths, to Renton, Holmes «fc
Co.
Ger bark J C Pfluger, Wolters, 2S days from
Honolulu; 24,663 bags sugar, to Williams. Dimond
A Co.
SehrCTJlill. Rudbach, 7 days from Grays Har
! bor; 203 M ft lumber, to F. X Wood Lumber Co.
Cleared.
TUESDAY. March 17.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good- •
all, Perkins A Co.'
Nic stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; B
DunsmuirA Sons.
Ship Geo.-.Bkolfleld, . Marshall, Labasha Bay;
• Alaska Packers Assn.
Ship America. Harding, Prince William Sound; f
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Whal bark Horatio, Slocum, whaling; William
Lewis.
Whal bark Mermaid, Devoll, whaling; L A F R
Brlghtman.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
Bktn 8 r: Wilder, McNeiil, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond A Co.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Kahului; Alex
ander <fe Baldwin. '•
Schr W F Witzemann, Olsen, Champerico; C D
Bunk r.
Schr Rebecca, Jorgensen, San Bias; Wm .Olsen.
Schr Twilight, Topfer, Sand Point; Alaska Com
| mercial Co. ■
Sailed. .. ?M-S : ■^r"-: :
TUESDAY, March 17.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita. Smith, San Diego and way port*.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. ■
Whal stmr Orca, McGregor, whaling.
Tug Alice, Harding.
. Shi p Geo sko; field, Marshall, Labasha Bay.
Whal bark Mermaid, Devoll, whaling.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nllsou. Honolulu.
Bktn G Wilder, McNeiil, Honolulu.
Brig Blakeley, Gartbley.
Schr Marion, Genereaux, Grays Harbor.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, Coos Bay. ■
Schr Eliza Miller. Chrlstianson. ■ . '
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, Fisks Mill.
Schr Gem, Olsen, Coos Bay. "
Schr John A, Hellquist, Eureka.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, Kahului.
Schr Christina Steffens. Nordling. .
Schr Twilight. Topfer, Sand Point.
, <-:j»»r*e-*. ' '.
The Br ship Brambletye loads wheat at Tacoma
for Capetown: Brship Dunboyne. barley . at Port
Los Angeles for Europe, lump sum.
i Teie^rauii 10. *
POINT LOBOS, March 17-10 P. M.-Weather
j foggy, wind W; velocty 6 mile 3.
Spoken. ,
Feb 23, 5 S, 31 W, Brship Valkyrie, from Barry
; for Santa Hosalia.
. Per pilot-boat America— Mar 14, inside the Fara
-1 llones, schr Kate and Anna, with 526 seals.
Per Sunol— Mar i 6, 9 am. spoke sealer Charles
I Seaward, 17 miles W of Trinidad, with 100 seals.
-Nov 9, 40 miles W of Lundy Island. Brship Gun
| ford, from Swansea for San Francisco. . • . ' .-"■■■■■ .
J Xov '.'B, Int 33 30 S. long 18 40 W. Ital ship Cat-i
' erlna Accame, irom Swansea for San Francisco. , •
Jan 16, off Cape Horn, ship Aryan, from New
York for San Francisco. ?* +■?"
Domestic Ports.
! SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 17— Stmr Progreso,
! hence Jan -13. "
ALBlON— Sailed Mar 16— Schr Bessie X, for San
j Francisco. ■-•-.■■ . •
NEHALEM RlVEß— Arrived Mar 12-Stmr Al
: bion, hence Mar 12.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 17— Stmr Rival,
! hence Mar 16.
| GREENWOOD-Arrived Mar 17— Stmr Green
wood, hence Mar 16. . *
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 17— Brig Court-
I ney Ford, from San Pedrd.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar 17— Br bark Forfarshlre,
i for Capetown.
WESTPORT— Arrived Mar 17— Schr Moro, hnc
! Mar 16.
. PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Mar Ger ship
\ Philadelphia, for Puget Sound; Haw stmr San Ma
teo, for Comox.
FORT ROSS- Arrived Mar 17— Schr Etta B, hnc
I Mar] 5. .
Sailed Mar 17— Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Mar 17-Chil ship Temuco,
from Port Blakeley for Valparaiso: ship Spartan, '
hence Mar 6 for Seattle: stmr Umatilla, hence Mar
•15 for Victoria and Port Townsend. . ■ .
SAN DLEGO— Arrived Mar 17— U 8 stmr Monad
nock, hence Mar 14.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar 17— Schr
Rio Key, from Lompoc.
, Foreign Ports. ... .
. CARDIFF— Mar 14-Br bark Zinita,
hence Oct 30.
DUBLlN— Arrived Mar 14— Brship City of Be
nares, ht-nce Nov 16. ■■- ■
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 15-Br bark Brunei, .
hence Oct 16.
HULL— Arrived Mar 16— Brship Crocodile, hnc
Nov 3.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 16— Brship Eurasia, •
heuce Oct 20.
LONDON— Arrived Mar 16— Brship Tasmania,
from Oregon: ship Lancing, hence Nov 11.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 15— Br ship Lao
mene, hence Oct 21: Ital ship Emanuele Accame,
hence Nov 1. 1 Mar 16— Br ship Manx King, from .
Tacoma. -
. Sailed Marl6— Brship Swanhilda, for Hull.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Mar 15— Stmr City of
Peking, hence Feb 25. Mar 16— Br stmr Empress
of China, from Vancouver. "-,.
GENOA— Sailed Mar 14— Ital baric Esemplare,
for San Francisco. - . : ' ■ ■ ■ .. " " ' '
KINSALE— Passed Mar 16— Br ship Lord Tem
plemore, hence Oct 19 for Liverpool.
■ LIZARD— Passed Mar 13— Br bark Embleton,
from Hamburg for Tacoma. Mar 15— Br ship Co
■ lumbia, hence Oct 30 for GrimsDy. -
PRA WLE POINT-Passed Mar 15— Br ship Mil
tonburn. hence Oet 25 for Hull. • Mar 16— Br baric ,
Sardhana, from Victoria for London.
SCILLY — Passed Mar 15— Br ship Chelmsford,
from Grimsby for Oregon.
Movements of Tram- Atlantic Steameri.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 17-Stmr Waes- ■
laud, from Philadelphia, and proceeded to Liver
pool. . ■■ . . ■-■.-., ■ ■;... ■■•--
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 17— Stmr Saale, for .
Bremen. •■•-" •- .':'•;.. -
I . Arrived Mar 17— Stmr Mobile, from London.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived ous Mar 15— Stmr
Schiedam.
• QUEENSTOWN- Arrived out Mar 17-Stmr
Majestic. - - .' ■ ■ .....
: LlZAßD— Passed Mar 17— Stmr Halle, from •
New York for Bremen. - , ■ . •. - ;
SClLLV— Passed Mar 17— Stmr Persia, from '.
New York for Bremen. '
importations.
MARSHFIELD— Per Homer— tons coal, 38 .
bxs apples, 1622 sks potatoes, 11 cs eggs, 1 tank, 2 '
chests. Va Dx butter. . .' . - , ••■ ->■•
. COSMoPOLIS— Per Sunol— Mft lumber, 1 ;
bx samples, 80 bdls green hides, 150 cs salmon, 2
bdls dry hides, 1 bx dry pelts.
'; Aberdeen— l toolchest, 36 empty kegs. ; . -
Hoquiam— 3oo bdla shooks. •
South Bend- 1 pkg dry goods, 24 bdls hides, 34
empty kegs, 1 ooat- . . -
: EL'fiEKA- Per Pomona— ll6 pkgs mdse, 2 bbls -
mineral water, 2cs shoes, 38 bxs butter, 2 horses,
2 cs hardware, 69 1 sks potatoes, 8 pkgs express, 1
bx millinery, 1 8k coin. - .
-E R and E R R— s9 bxs butter, SV» hxs flsh. Ibx
beeswax and furs, 2 pkgs mdse, 31 sks peas, 6cs
oysters, 1 bdl furs, 1 bx nets, 21 bxs apples, 100
sks oats, 1 cs bacon. ,'-■'■ ..-,'■.'
i COOS BAY— Per Arago— 581 sks potatoes. 12slc«
mustard, 2 bxs butter, 1 cs clears, 2 pkgs mdse,' 2 I
spars. 650 tons coal, 90 M f t lumber, 1 sk coin. 1 :
pkg express. i
C*. . Consieneef.
' : Per Homer— J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co: H Dutard;
McDonough & Kunyon; Marshall, Teggart A Co; A
J Zekine; D E Allison A Co; Standard Oil Co: J H
>nyder; '- Wells, Fargo A Co; Jacobson A Lobree;
Bendon Wooleu Mills; Marshall A Reimer: AJ B .
Imm <& Co. . ■..;.■■■ ,-...-. .-..■. '.
Per Sunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; Pope
A Talbot; Norton.Teller A Co; S H'Frank A Co: J
Babbler: Murphy, Grant A Co: L H Clayburg; Q 8
Foute: Western B A M Co: order. 'v.» :• ' -•
ft Per Pomona— American Inlon Fish Co: Gilbert
Clement:' A Paladtni: Brigham, Hoppe A Co; W F
Mitcnell;;C E Whitney Jt Co: Dairymen's Union;
E R Stevens A. Co; H Liebes A Co : 11 aas Bros: A L
Bryan i ßhoe=Co:i H Dutard: J M Moore; Arctic
Oil Works: Marshall, Teggart A Co; Carroll A Car
roll Standard Oil Co: O B Smith & Co: Humboldt
Mineral Water Co;;Wolf<fc Son;H!'H Crane- Pao
Lumber Co: Wells, Fargo Co: Holme* <fc Nathan-
H Crocker & Bros ; . Wheaton, Brton A Co; ' United
btates Brewery:; Dunham, Carrlgan <£ Co: Wash
ington Brewery: Buckingham, Hecht A Co. i -■".-
II Per i Arago— McDonough «& Runyon ; : H Dutard- '
Thomas Loughran; Marshall, Teggert A Co- Hay
<fc Wright; Standard Oil Co: O C A N Co; G Wood.
ward : Wells, Fargo & Co; r> Lowenberg A Co ; " Joa '
Lasdoi'G U Peanell A Co; P a Buell & Co, " ' - -Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
A DEMAND FOR
OPEN PRIMARIES
A Mass-Meeting Called at
the Tabernacle Thurs
day Night.
THE BREACH WIDENS.
Many Positive Opinions Ex
pressed by Republicans
on Both Sides.
VETERANS ARE IN REVOLT.
The Army and Navy League Re
solves That Only Primaries
Will Satisfy Them.
Oakland Office Sas Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 17. j
RESOLVED, That it is the sense ol
this committee that the delegates to tin
State Convention fur the purpose of se
lecting delegates to the National Con
vention be appointed, and that the ap
pointments be made by and the responsi
bility rest upon the committeeman from
each Assembly district, and such ap
pointment must be ratified by this com
mittee.
Tne above resolution is the rock upor
which the Republican party of Alamed*
County has split.
The action of the Alameda County dele
gation of the Third Congressional Dis
trict Republican Committee Saturday has
aroused considerable feeling. Nothing
else is talked on the streets by those
men who usually fail to take active part ir
these matters.
President P. M. Fisher of the Second
Ward Republican Club has issued a cal]
for a mass-meeting of citizens on Thurs
day evening. Senator Guy C. Earl, mem
ber of the Congressional Committee, will
give an account of its proceedings. Others
who. will speak are Colonel Babcock, presi
dent of the Regular Republican Club oi
Alameda; ex-Mayor William R. Davis,
Dr. P. S. Bodle and Rev. R. F. Coyle.
The Army and Navy Republican League
will also meet Thursday night and will
march to the Tabernacle in a body. The
members are requested by their officers
to meet earlier than usual, so as not to be
late at the Tabernacle. Tue clubs of the
First, Second and Seventh wards, all that
are yet organized, will also attend in a
body. A big delegation is also expected
from Alameda and Berkeley.
The Army and Navy * League have
.adopted the following resolutions which
were to have been presented to the com
mittee before they decided the manner of
selecting delegates, but as no public an
nouncement was made of the meeting they
failed to get them to the committee. They
read :
"Eesolved, That it is the sense of the
Army and Navy Republican League of
Oakland that primary elections should be
called for the election of delegates to our
State and Congressional conventions as
the only true Republican method of giving
expression to the will or the people com
posing the rank and rile of the Republican
party of the S:ate. Therefore, this camp
demands an expression of the party in the
choice of delegates by primary elections
lor all delegates to all conventions held by
the Republican party, whether State or
Congressional."
A number of prominent citizens seen to
day express themselves regarding the com
mittee's action as follows:
Ex-Judge S. G. Nye — Thi3 manner of
selecting delegates is contrary to tbe tradi
tions of the party and the traditions of a
representative form of government. If it
is carried into effect by the committee it
will result in a loss of 1200 Republican
votes in this country. But that is not the
worst of it. This plan of securing dele
gates violates every principle of representa
tive government. If the argument is that
we cannot trust the people in the choice of
their delegates representative government
is at an end and we had better have an
absolute monarcny at once.
Dr. R. F. Coyle— l have been so aroused
over this action of the committee that I
Lardly know how to express myself. This
is a matter in which every citizen, regard
less of his politics, is v»taliy interested.
Tne stability of our form of government
depends U|"on the people choosing their
own representatives.
Attorney J. B. Richardson— l agree
moat heartily with tbe views expressed by
the Enquirer, that the committee in this
matter are not allowing tne people to send
a representative delegation to Sacramento.
It is establishing a precedent which is not
safe.
Major E. A. Sherman— l will say, in the
words of General Grant, "The will of the
people is the law of the lanu."
Councilman W. O. Buckland— lt seems
to me tbis sort of business is the exercise
of gag law. It is tbe act of half a dozen
men, and will not be tbe act of the people.
I am not saying Unit tnis committee is not
iike Caesar's wife, but I don't think they
have any right to take upon themselves
uulies which belong to the entire people.
Supei visor W. H. Church — If we had
a primary law I would say t hat it would be
advisable to hold them, but at present it
would be impossible to tret a real ex
pression of tbe Republican sentiment at a
primary, as practically any one could
vote. I think under the circumstances we
will get as fair an expression by the com
mittee as through a primary.
Justice F. C. Clift— As a general propo
i lam in favor of primaries. In this
particular instance I sliail be perfectly
satisfied as far as the Third Ward is con
cerned to have Senator Earl make the
appointment. I*,1 *, as the result will be the
same in either case.
John A. Sands— l think that the action
of tiie committee is an unwarranted as
sumption </f powr, and should not be
■ 1 to pass without protest.
Jam^.- E. <_'rane~You may say I am for
anything tnat wiil beat George C. i'ardee;
1 don't care what it is. ■
I A. Campbell— l believe in party
1 don't believe In consulting
Partisan! and Populists about Repub
lican primaries. The people who are do
king arc the ones who have
• I;< publican banner in the
anu'dii from the poei
: the banner Republican county to a
doubtful county.
•*! ia ' 1 believe if we arc to re
mam ;i i<-; übiic we- should have a Repub
lican form <j! (.ovcTiiment at all times.
Judge J. i-.lisworth— l have an opinion
on the subject, but under the circuin-
Btaneea I do not m.^ire to become involved
in any way.
J. ki. \\ . Riley— I am for primaries every
time. I lay this one-man power is retro
graoipg toward a monarchy.
\V. A. Dow— The opinions I have heard
«>x pressed were very K enerally in favor of
holding a primary.
Manuel Stone— I bid in favor of pri- 1
manes. I think that it is the fairer way]
of getting an expression of the will of the
people.
Joe Dieves Jr.— l think that it would be
better to hold a primary. It's more satis
factory.
Leslie Blackburn — Of course I was
friendly to Eli Denison. He hart done me
some favors and I said before I knew that
any one else would be in the fight that I
would do what I could to help him. I
think that primaries would be the better
plan. Even if the result was the same the
people would accept it and say we bad a
chance to express ourselves. This appoint
ment is a bad precedent. If it can be done
once it might be again. A committee
might take it upon itself to nominate a
whole county convention and put up the
whole ticket.*
Supervisor W. S. Pelouze— There is not
one man in the First Ward that I have
spoken with who is not in favor of pri
maries. The whole affair turns on the
question of these fellows getting them
selves returned on the Congressional Com
mittee. They are weil aware thut if the
people could express themselves a set of
delegates would be named who would see
that representative men were placed on
the committee. They want Denison be
cause he is in a position to reward them
by supporting them for positions. If there
was a primary I might vote for Denison,
but that does* not alter the fact that the
committee has no right to force him on
me.
John Mitchell, member of the City Re
publican Central Committee from the Sec
ond Ward— l am strongly opposed to the
assumption of so much power by any set
of men. They may be doing everything
in good ia;tb,"but the people have some
rights in this matter. No candidate can
be forced on the people, for if there is
there will be a rebellion that will have no
uncertain sound at the polls.
F. K. Shattuck— lt seems to me that the
action of the committee was inadvised. I
believe that it is better to consult the
wishes of the party through primaries.
James A. Johnson — The action of the
committee is arbitrary, dictatorial and
unwarranted. I think the people should
be consulted. It looks as though five
members of the committee had concluded,
"We are the people." The action of the
committee is apparently put up in the in
terest of some person.
Ex-Mayor William R. Davis— The funda
mental principles of our Government is
that the people shall have a voice in being
governed. Ido not think it is a matter of
who shall represent us in the convention,
but whether the voters of the party shall
have the privilege of expressing themselves
in the matter.
W. S. Harlow — I am opposed to the com
mitteemen selecting the delegation in this
case. It is a matter of the rights of the
people and not one as to who shall go to
the National convention. The citizens
have some rights which must be respecte.l.
It is hoped by many Republicans that
the Congressional Third District Commit
tee, which meets in San Francisco next
Saturday, will refuse to ratify the action of
the Alameda delegation and will order
primaries.
HONORED ERIN'S FLAG
Rev. M. J. Whyte of Sonoma
Makes an Address on
Patriotism.
Teach a Man Love of Country and It
Will Not Matter Where He
Worships.
Oakland Office Sax Fraxcisco Call,)
90S Broadway, March 17. \
St. Patrick's day was observed by a suit
able celebration and entertainment at
Germania Hall to-night. The stars and
stripes with the National bunting and the
flag of Erin constituted the decorations.
Father McNally of St. Patrick's Chu/ch
made the address of welcome. There
were songs, Irish ballads and recitations
by W. C. Wilson, Miss Jettie Noone, Misses
Marthy, Miss Kate O'Neill, Miss Mc-
Namara. Miss Sabina Flanagan, Alex
Rosborough and Ed Flanagan.
Rev. M. J. Whyte of Sonoma gave the
oration, his subject being "Patriotism,
False and True." In his remarks he said:
The three civilizing influences in this coun
try are tbe school, the church and the news
papers. Any considerable and permanent im
provement in our political condition can only
be the result of a determined, systematic and
harmonious co-operation of these three forces.
Unfortunately the churches and the news
papers are not remarkable for mutual esteem.
The newspapers point to tne front pews in
all the churches where kneel and pray the j
richest scoundrels, the most successful |
thieves and the most distinguished rascals of |
each community. Teach each younger gen
eration reverence for age, for authority and
for other forms of ability besides the talent for
money-grabbi:iK. Teach him that manly inde
pendence of character is not necessarily asso
ciated with the manners of a savage, and that
a free man may actually be a gentleman.
Teach him to be, not a Californian, nor a New
Yorker, nor yet an American, but only a man.
Then you teach him true patriotism," no mat
ter what land gives him birth, no matter what
race he may spring from, no matter what
church, he prays in.
Want Better Wages.
OAKLAND, Cal.. March 17.— The Oak
land painters and decorators are consider
ing the advisability of attempting to se
cure a raise of pay from $2 50 to $3 a day
for eight hours' work. However it is
likely they will await the result of the
crafts strike in San Francisco before doing
anything here. The local union wants rec
ognition by the master painters a* well as
the workins-cari system so popular across
the bay. It i§ rumored that a new plan of
arganization among the journeymen paint
ers will take place shortly, but just what
the pian is none of its supporters will say.
Gier's Slander Suit.
OAKLAND, Cal:, March 17.— Theodore
Gier, the wholesale liquor dealer, is to be
the defendant in a $7500 slander suit to be
tiled in the Superior Court by August
Krueger. This is the result of an attack
by Ger on Krueger in a meeting of the di
rectors of the Merchants' Exchanee.
wnerein the latter was charged with try- |
ing to square cases on which he h;id
worked up evidence in behalf of the Li
cense Inspector. Later these Charges and
interviews with Gier were published i:i a
local paper.
HAYWARDS TO CELEBRATE.
All Preparations in Lino for the Big Y.
31. I. Convention.
HAYWARDS, Cal., March 17. -The
general committee of arrangements, hav
ing in charge the preparations for the
State Y. M. I. Convention that meets here
May 19, met to-night in Luce Hal!.
The decoration committee reported that
they will decorate the town and will build
a handsome arch. The hotel accommoda
tions, with the many offers of rooms from
private families, have been found to be
aiiplo for all the delegates and guests that
are expected. The hall committee re
ported that they had engaged the Native
Suns' Hall. The arrangements for the
music were left over till more bids are re
ceived, about ten bids having already been
received. .-«.«. j
Jt was decided to give a barbecue and
the 'oliowing committee was appointed to
prepare for it: H. J. Kerwin, H. Hoare,
W J. Raniage and Chairman Peters. Ihe
secretary of the parade committee will
correspond with all institutes, inviting
tbem to participate in the various enter
tainments that will be provided.
Subscriptions are coming in in a man
ner that is very encouraging to the finance
committee, but nearly $1000 is yet required
to insure the succe.-sful carrying out of the
projected pr6gramme.
— , • — » ♦
Small nostrils are said by physiologists
to indicate biuall and weak lungs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
RIGHT OF WAY
IS NOW CLEAR
Vandercook Will at Once
Proceed to Build to
Corral Hollow.
TO SKIRT THE FOOTHILLS
Must Supply Electric Lights for
the Whole Length of
The Line.
THE BUSINESS IS ASSURED.
Within a Year It Is Expected That
Coal Will Be Landed at Oak
land's Wharves.
Oakland Office Sa?j Fbancisco Call,(
903 Broadway, March 17. I
The decision of the Supreme Court bus-
I taining the Supervisors in awarding the
! franchise from this city to Livermore to
E. P. Vandercook has removed the last
obstacle in the way of the construction of
the road.
A few months ago Mr. Vandercook went
East and received many pledges of support
for his road when the cloud on the fran
chise was settled. Now that the franchise
has been affirmed the construction of the
road will be pushed with all possible
haste.
The new road will start at the terminus
of the present system managed by E. P.
; Vandercook at Frui tvale. From there it
j will go along the foothills toward Hay
wards, only keeping well to the north of
the county road, which is traversed by the
Haywards electric line. A branch will
run from the main line to Haywards. The
line will run to Livermore and thence to
the Corral Hollow mines and will be oper
ated by electricity and will be adapted so
as to carry both freight and passengers.
It will open up much new territory and
such a line has been in demand for several
years.
The rights of way over such parts of the
route as are not county-roads have been
willingly donated by the owners, with one j
or two exceptions near San Leandro. The
opposition in this neighborhood is attril>
uted to the agency of the Haywards road,
which is of course^ not anxious to see any |
portion of its route paralleled. For sev
eral months surveyors have been in the
field and the route is all selected. In some
places there are two or three routes pro- |
posed, but a choice will soon be made now j
that the matter of the franchise is settled.
For some time the directors of the com
pany have been trying to close a contract
with the Corral Hollow people by which !
the new line shall have the exclusive ritrht
to haul coal to tide-water in Oakland for a j
stated period of years. It is the trade j
from the vast developments of Corral Hoi- ]
| low that th"s new line is chiefly depending
upon, as the freight will be enormous
I when the coal mines open up for business.
| It has been calculated that coal can be de
livered at one-half the prevailing prices.
The contract, however, has not yet been
made.
Air. Vandercook states that as soon as
the preliminaries are completed work will
be commenced. It would have been difti
sult to have worked throughout the past
winter, and the directors are elated that
the Supreme Court has reached such an
early decision, as it will enable work to be
prosecuted under the most favorable con
ditions of weather. Tracklaying will com
mence in a few weeks at several points
along the proposed route, and it is ex
pected that within a year the road will be
in operation.
The terms upon which the franchise was
granted was considered by the Supervisors
to be very favorable.
The company has to provide electric
power for lighting and heating the County
Infirmary on the sloue back of San Lean- |
dro where the new road will run. It will i
also maintain electric-lights along the road j
at stated intervals, and must pay one-quar- I
ter of 1 per cent of the gross earnings of j
the road into the county treasury and a i
cash amount of 125.
The bid of A. D. Thompson which was
taken before the Suureme Court was 2 per
cent of the gros? earnings of the line. The
court ruled that Thompson's offer was not
a cash one, as contemplated by the act.
PATTI9ON-TAI LOR.
Two Well-Known Young* People to Be
Wedded.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 17.— The <jn- ;
gagement has been announced of Miss j
Mabel C. Taylor, daiie liter of B. J. Taylor j
of this city, and George Patti-on. now of |
t-an Francisco, but formerly a resident of
Oakland. Both young people are promi
nent in church work and are held in esteem
by a large number of friends.
Miss Taylor is a musician of consider
able talent. Mr. Pattison is highly re
spected among both business and social
acquaintances as a man of sterling char
acter. He is ongaeed in the manufacture
of aluminum coverings.
Tho wedding will take place at the resi
dence of the bride's aunt, Mrs. F. F. Tay
lor.-2250 Bush street. San Francisco, to
morrow afternoon. Only relatives will be
present at the ceremony, after which Mr.
and Mrs. Pattison will leave for an ex
tended tour through the Eastern States
and possibly Europe.
HILL TELLS HIS TALE.
The Wife-Murderer Pleads That He
Was Temporarily Insane.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 17.— Benjamin
L. Hill, who shot and killed his wife a
couple of months ago at Twelfth and Kirk
ham streets, in this city, faced a jury to
day in Judge Ogden's court and detailed
the story of his life.
District Attorney Charles E. Snook and
Prosecuting Attorney H. A. Melvin of the
Police Court represented the people, while
Tom M. Bradley appeared for the de
fendant. Hill manifested considerable
nervousness. He seemed very anxious to
say as little as possible, and rarely did
more than answer in a concise manner the
questions propounded.
Hill had only just begun his testimony
when an elderly lady, bearing in her arms
a boy about two years of age, entered the
room. They were not noticed by the de
fendant, but as soon as the baby saw the
defendant he gave evidence of recognition
by smiling and making an attempt to go
toward the witness. It was the accused's
son. The resemblance was remarkable.
Several times the little fellow extended a
small bouquet which he carried toward
his father, but the tribute of affection was
unnoticed.
Hill said his father was a man of violent
E. P. VANDERCOOK.
j passion and caused a great deal of trouble
!at home. "I was in the hotel at Minneap-
I olis," said he, "at the time mv father
: killed himself. He went into a closet off
| the office and shot himself. I went with
i the crowd and saw my ; father .lying dead
, with blood coming from a pistol wound in
I the head. He had been acting in an un
{ certain manner for some time before the
: tragedy. The Corf ner's jury returned a
I verdict of suicide while laboring under mi
i sanity." !
The witness then told of his troubles with
j his wife, of her being deficient in truthful- \
| ness, of her fondness for : dancing parties
' aeainst his wishes, of her keeping company
I witn other men, of her going out riding bi
j cycles . in bloomer costume regardless of
| his remonstrance and, finally, or her ad
i mission of infidelity and rur desire to have
: no more to do with him and declaring she
| would not live with him.
He then repeated the story told at the
• time of the. shooting, how he had in a fit
j of insane jealousy shot her as she was tell
ing him this last.
Death of an Engineer. ■
OAKLAND, Cal. March 17.— C A. Btete
; feldt, a retired mining engineer, died this
j morning at the residence of V. R. Ray
j mond, 967 Alice ; street, where he has re- j
j sided, since coming to Oakland five years
| ago. His wife died in tli« same house four
! year ago in June. He left no family. He
was a native of Germany, 57 years of age,
and had written a number of works on
mining. ":.
. His wife and the wife of Colonel Smoot
of liaywards were sisters, It is under
stood he was well to do. He invented
the Stetefeldt furnace.
. China Inland Mission.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 17.— The Rev.
John McCarty, who for the past thirty
years hos been laboring as an associate of
Dr. Hudson Taylor in the inland provinces
of China, will speak at the Brooklyn Pres
; byterian Church this evening, describing a
tour of 3000 miles that he made across that
country from Shanghai to Bahmo, j
■Burmah. Mr. McCarty is a very interest- j
ing Bpeaker, and.the meeting is open to all
| who care to attend.
A New Officer.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 17.— W. B.
Henderson was appointed a regular po'ice !
officer at to-day's meeting of the Com
i missioners. There are still three vacancies !
on the force. :; kv-^v
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alain eda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.-.- ,
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, March 17. - j ,
The pay of the cleric of the Chief of Police
I has been increased by resolution of the City
Council from $50 to $100. ;
County Assessor Dalton denies that the cu
rious marks which have been put upon door
posts in this city are the work of his deputies,
as has been charged. .' V
; John Ball, ex-Sheriff of 3utte County, I
! this morning at his home, corner of Tenth and i
I Center "streets." : lie had only been in Oakland
i a short time, having left Butte County for his
| health.; '■; '■; ;• "{_' ' .; , ';• ■ -'.. : : ; ; : V JV; ". "•;.-; .;.:.. ';
• James S. Barmore and John B. Sanborn have
j broueht suit to foreclose a mortgage given to
secure two notes ', made by Mr. and Mrs. John
; K. Hardin of Pleasanton s for $4000 and $700
j respectively. ■■,:' i;
• ■ A certified copy of the willof Elizabeth De
! vine has been filed for probate in this county..
I It was executed at Red House, Ardee, County
I Louth, Ireland, November : 18, 1894. The es
tate in this country is valued at $2000. ',
Last night a number/ of .residents of . Hay
wards mixed up in a general fight. Guns and
knives were u&ed, and ns a result the following
participants were lodged in the County Jail:
F. Williams, \V. Le wis, J. > Kelly,' ; P. Lewis, J.
Ryan and George McCormiCK.
Hon. George A. Marden and wife of Lowell.
Mass., are making a brief visit to Oakland and
are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Chamber
lain of Harrison street, whose former home was
in Massachusetts. Mr. Mardeu has been prom
inent in Bay State politics lor many years, his
last office being that of State Treasurer.
IGNORANT OF
HER DESERTION.
Pretty Little Fay Stetson
Is Taken to the Hu
mane Society.
A CHILD QF WEALTH.
Her Unnatural Parents Said to
Have Disappeared From
Oakland.
LEFT AT THE CHABOT HOUSE.
If Not Claimed at Once Mrs. Prescott
Will Take Out Letters of
Guardianship.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 17. )
When Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott, secretary
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, arrived at her office this
morning a pretty little blonde girl 18
months old, with all her wardroDe
wrapped up in a newspaper was awaiting
her.
Matron Glud of tne Chabot Home for
Children, on Oak and Seventh, had
brought the child to turn her over to the
Humane Society as being deserted by her
parents.
Two weeks ago, Mrs. Glud said, the little
one had been brought to her private board
ing-house by a stylishly dressed young
man who said he was the father of the
child ; that the mother was staying at the
Oak-street Sanitarium and that he wished
to encage board for the child.
The arrangement was made to care for
it for the sum of $7 monthly. The man
gave his name as Stetson and said his
business was that of a painter.
He made a deposit of $2, promising to
call in two days later with the other $5.
He has failed to show up, or communicate
with Mrs. Glud, and she fears, as two
weeks' time has elapsed, that she has been
duped.
Further, she has inquired at the Sanita
rium and discovered that the lady calling
herself Mrs. Stetson has also disappeared.
The circumstances are considered suspi
cious, and unless the parents of little Fay
Stetson make their appearance she will be
placed in some charitable institution as an
abandoned babe.
She is a remarkably pretty child, and
several persons who have seen her have
been won by her cute ways and are
anxious to adopt her if she becomes the
ward of Mrs. Prescott.
Mrs. Prescott is making a vigorous
search for the parents, and if found will
compel them to care for and support their
child.
The clothes worn by the child are of
fine texture, and this is taken to indicate
that her parents are people in good circum
stances.
The l : c.«- 1 1 Society.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 17.— The Ebell
Society has arranged an unusually eood
programme for its meeting Thursday
evening. There will be music by Alfred
\Vilkie, and Attorney Fred S. Stratton will
give an address upon "Will Contests. 1 '
y?s^ TO-PAT.
SKINNY SUFFERER SAVED.
What Do Ton Think Hakes Strong Heo
Weak?
Experience of a Prominent Xorth Dakota
Politician Who Gained Forty Pounds
in a Few Weeks. '
If J f -■'.■■" Every man likes
IXafiuM rf ~>V ' Are yOU a tobac-
«^«J^^ ijiW jr^— '/. '■■'* Vouare? .
_\' Ol course you
( » atiSSrr ? /S' — know that tobacco-
V-.«MSg®Sf |5 (f \ users, as a rule,
* mrfrß&sSfi&Pb. t\ are awft y below
i SPW^wmaWT^ vj "ormal weight, be-
Mryi lflfflKßß Ub "' •****/ cause- tobacco de-
MmJnfljEPftffiJßh) stroys digestion
9sBa£S£g&l&rifr^^ and sets certain
MSf&\SM/Tw\ * \ nerves on fire.
ITrftlaH/^&x l) That wears on the
ffr l H^Mi 'in \ J brain, saps its
ill \ WJjnw I. * power and you
'j ■ * gradually . become
f ' i impotent./ Itis
caiied "lost manhood." You never get weak
! thw way when you gain flesh like our friend
Williams. Read what he says:
' ONE BOX DID IT.
. Sykeston, Wells Co.. N.D., July 25. .■
Gentlemen : Ono box of No-To-Bac cured me »t
the tobacco hnblt, both smoking and chewing, after
having xised the weed for nearly forty years. | My
health Is much better, nerves strong and steady,
and I have gained over forty pounds ■in ' flpsh. I
: have recommended Ko-To-Bac to • some vof my
friends, all of whom have been cured. 1 firmly be-
lieve that Xo-To-Bac will do for others what it has
done for me. I heartily recommend it to all those
who have become slaves to the use of tobacco and
desire to be emancipated. :": - ' \ i
. - J. A. Williams, County Auditor.
Now don't you think No-To-Bac worth a
trial, especially when you buy from your own
druggist under absolute guarantee of cure?
Got your booklet, "Don't Tobacco Spit ' and
Smoke' Your Life . Away," written guarantee
of cure and free sample, mailed for the asking.
Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New
York. '■■-■■- ; '-. - •.- ; . ■-■■ : ■••*-■-- ■-■■>-■ - -.-■■ --
OCEAIT STEAMSHIPS.
BETHERLASDS AMERIC.W STEAM IfAYI-
GATIOI COMPAS*.
New York to Boulogne (Parb), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New" York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 a. m.
1 . Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin 845 i and
upward. .Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at -
reduced rates. Lowes: steerage rates to all points.
" For passage '■ apply to '■ local ; ticket : . agent < or ;
THOMAS COOK <fe SON, Pacific Coast passenger
•gents, 621 Market St.. 8. F. - ■
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
:,-, At SP. M, Daily, Kxcept Sunday. *
gST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. ; :
\sj': "■/-:::. STEAMER : :<-UK,-.:v
T. C. Walker. . ■ •-: : J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt,' : v City of Stockton,
; Telephone M»ln 808. Cm. Nay. and Impt. Cq.. /
fALLEJO, MIRE ISL.III, *BEIICIA, PORT
; COSTA AIII):CIIOCRETT.V
STK. MONTICELLO, • -^i'-Jt
• Cally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. M> ;
;• and 4 P. if. ;, Saturday, 12:30nooa; ;
v•'■■ •" - '■■:. .'■ i -sinnday— B. p. v. - - :;.-';
■• •4 p/M/oniy.^i-.-.-i* ■-' •-/;■'■ -»>■.'■-• ■■?:.■,■.:■;••. ■. ;
|:; ''.■ / Landing, Misaiou 1, Pier I. -
/luction Sales
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER:
Office— 4lo -Kearny St.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent Furniture, Cabinet Grand
Upright Piano and Costly Carpets,
THIS DAY,
Wedne5day. . .......... ..... March 18, 1896
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
No. 8228 UXION ST.
• California or Unlon-st. cars direct to house. :
I.WILL6ELITHE
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE IN
ABOVE RESIDENCE. '
' ' ■/■'-. C0MPB18INS: V
1 Cabinet Grand Upright . Piano, Fisher maker,
quite new, of splendid' tone and rare excellence,
cost $450: very Klegant Parlor. Chairs, Divans,
Ladies' Kocktrs and Fancy Chairs, In richest satin
or brocade covers; Point Lace Curtains; Elegant
Bric-a-' rac: Splendid ■ Royal Wilton and Budy
Brussels Carpets: I: Magnificent Antique Oak
Chember Suit, with I very elegant dressing-case,
plate mirror bureau : Handsorje Oak Chamber
Suits; Extra Fine White Hair and Spring Mat-
tr*-sses: Finest -Blankets, 'Pillows, Spreads and
Sheets; 1 Elegant Oak Bookcase: Handsome Oak
.Table; 1 Beautiful Oak Sideboard, with extension
table and dinluK chafr.s en suite; 1 Elegant Oak
Hall flat.stand; Handsome Hall or Stair Carpets;
1 K.ttra Improved New Gas Cooking Stove; Fine
Agate Ware: Patent Kitchen Table, Linoleuoi,
etc. Terms cash. GEO. Jt\ LAMSOM, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. : '.limi AUCTIOMR.
V Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
TO-iviOhßOvV,
Thursday March 19, 1896,
At 11 O'Clock a. m.
Grand Auction Sale of Magnificent Furniture,
Costly Pictures, Rich Upholstery and Handsome
Carpets on the premises,
NO. 2924 CLAY STREET,
Bet. Dtevisadero and Broderick.
(California and JPowell street cars pass within
one block.) ■ : .
: I WliL SELL THK
ENTIRE COSTL.T FURNISHINGS OF
ABOVE RESIDENCE.
compeising:
Elegant Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery in hana-
some covers in condition like new; Elegant Water
Colors. Paintings and Oleographs; Fine Point Lace
Curtains, Valuable Ornaments Extr.t Quality Best
Body Brussels and Tapestry Carpets, Klegant
Gilt Onyx-Top Standards: Bich Gilt Frame Chair:
Macniflcent Inlaid French Walnut Chamber Suite,
Large Full Dress- Plate Mirror Bureau, one of the
most elegant suits offered in this city for years,
cost 8400: Handsome Oak Chamber Suits,
Choice White Hair Mattresses; Fine Blankets, Pil-
lows and Bedding; Fine Oak Dressing Table and
Chairs to match: Superior Range, Patent Kitchen
Table, Linoleum, etc. Terms cash. •
GEO. F. LAM-soN, Auctioneer.
FIRE UMRWRITERS' SALE
At 773 Market street, near Fourth,
On Wednesday, March 18, 1896, -
At 11 A. M.,
For account of the Pacific Coast Underwriters,
2090 Chairs of various, kinds, 200 Office Chairs, and
a few Extension Tables.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
120 Sutter St., upstairs. .' -^ . .. - '
B. M. BIRDS ALL, Proprietor.
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPMI
CUT RATES
— —TO
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
I First Claas. &8.00 ;
Beoond Clasa.-d3>OO I
. Meals and berth Included. ."
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street
• BOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
. General Agent*.
ASTORIA ANILPOSTLANE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15.......... ......March 9 and 19
Siateof California 5ai15. ......,.:.. March 14 and 24
.. From spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
eoODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Genl. Supts..
F. F. CON»OB, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /*fH_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JBSBR
follows: ' ' • ■ .
For Mary Island, Lorlnjr, Wranjtel. Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., March 16, 30,
April 14. 29,
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes an New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
March 6. 10. : 15, 80, 25. 30. and every fifth j
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. : P. K. R., at Tacoma' with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pore Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landin? (Hum-
bold t Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. ic, March 2, 6, 10,
14. 18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, |
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m., March
4. 8. I*. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Dleiro, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), .- Santa Barbara, Port : Los •
An«ele3, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. if., March 2, 6, 10, 14, 18. v 2'.\ .26, . SO, and
every fourth day thereafter. .
-lor Knsenada, San Josa del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guayruas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month. •
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet. - ■■ ■ - -■ ' . ■ ■ . .■ - - -
OOODALL, FEREIXS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. -
OCEAHIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
_^g&Sß&k^ Coolgardle gold fields
(Freemantle), Austra-
iv^ HniiW " - liR: $22 ° flrst cla3
mSfO nUf\)^7 n frj t $110 steerage. Lowes:
£fffl-d& mtr^SLl~ rates to Capetown,
■MK^^.c-/ I "*^^^. toutu Ainca.
Eg/ 'l/F^H» vH^ Australian steamer.
mmi ir4*fa.lK \n& Ai.Ami-. 1 1 a. sails via
Half O^ta— <wQ^l Honolulu and Auck-
Untt JKJ£JW^nKI land for Sydney,' Thurs-
skv Sr*v JMS d '"~' Ap '*"'■ at ~p~ M *
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Xues-
day, Aprii 7, at 10
. . '* •*"* ....;. a.m." . ■ '.*./■
Speciai. Paktiks.— Reduced rates for parties
AdiUT. ,
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery sTeet.
Freight Office, 327 Market street . «
J. D. SPKECKKLS <fc BKOS. CO.,
. ■ . ■-■. (ieneral Asents.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLMTIQUE
* French Line to Havre.
POMPAX Y'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH >M|/
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by £**£$$
this line avoid both transit oy English raiiwny »lkl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
flrst-clnss $160: second-class, $116. \
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe.. ................. "
..........:...........:.•.. .: March 21, 5 a. ic
LA BOUROOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf..
........:........ :. March 28, 10 A. M
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e........ ..;..-.'- •
:.............................:.... April 4, sa.
LATOURAINK, Capt. 5ante111...... .....:.
:>.....:.::.. April 9- —
j(y For further particulars apply to
•..: A. FORGET, Agent, u.j.t?
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York. v
J. F. FUGAZI <t CO., Agents, . 5 Montgomery
I avenue, San Francisco. ■ -.
STAR LIR
United States aiid Royal Mall Steamers
' ' ".' ■"" / "V'" -'*<• BXTWEEX. i '■ ./ ■ '. /'.
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING JEVEKV . IVJS.KK. .
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACc6rD^';/mb2>
inn to steamer and accommodations tfJwBI
■elected: second cabin, $36 and $40; Maj^tuc uml
Teutonic, steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden; : Norway and - Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. \ Tickets, •
sailins - dates I and cabin plans I may , be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of - the Conapany, 613 Market street, I
uuder Grand Hotel. . Ai. \V. FLETCHER. ■
; .-:■■-.' ■ -General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
EOYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET eOIPAIT.
STEAMERS LEAVE " ASPINWALL yPjßV-
fortnlKhtly for the West 'lndies and CafiJ -
Southampton,"-' calling en r route . at /. Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passenccrg. v -*-,- t=
M Through bills or lading. In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany. .-.
■ ■ Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
; Cherbourg, Southampton. *' First class, 195 : thiM ■
Itfif-,' 997 M. i For ■ further '^particulars ■ apply to %
, VARKOTT & CO., Agents, :
306 California at. ;
*" 218.5220 MONTGOMERY StT^Si
MIILS BLOC.
:-•■s' BY ORDER OF THE
ADMINISTRATORS
OF THE ESTATE OF ■
C. H. STRYBING, DECEASED,
WE WILL SELL THE
San } Francisco Properties of the Estate
THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon,
At Salesroom, 218-220 Montgomery St.,
MILLS BUILDING.
At Public Auction!
To the Highest Bidder,
Subject to Confirmation by Superior Court.
Market-Street Investment.
Nos. 517-519 Market St.; ' SE. line, 120 feet SW.
Of First st.. lot 40x80 feet; substantial 3-story
and basement brick building; 2 -tenants; ■ rent!
¥350 monthly. :
Kearny-Street Investment.
Nos. 217-219 Kearny st. (the Maison Doree):
W. line, 112:6 feet N. of Sutter; lot 25x60:6
feet, extending back to Clara lane
Improvements consist of a substantial 4-story
and basement brick building; ground floor and
basement occupied as a restaurant: 3 upper floors
contain 18 large ami spacious rooms, suitable for
offices or lodging-house.
Montgomery-Street Investment.
Nos. 119 and 121 Montgomery St.; W. line,
1O3:1V 2 N. of Sutter st,; size of lot 34:4Vax60
feet to Trinity st.
Improvements consist of 4-story and basement
brick building: 2 stores on ground floor and offices
above; total rents $650.
Sacramento-Street Building Lots.
The rlfty-vara lot, northwest corner of Sacra-
mento and - Lyon sts., in 6 subdivisions; corner
37:6x102:8%: lots on Sacramento st., 25x102 :8Vi
and 25x127:814; Lyon-st. lot, 25x112:6; cable-
cars pass on Sacramento st. ; Sacramento st. paved
and accepted, Lyon st. macadamized.
Mason-Street Residences. <
I No. 1212 Mason St., east line, 114:7 gonth of
Jackson; 68:9x68:9 and extra lot, 22:11x38:9.
Improvements consist of a solid and substantial
residence; property is directly opposite the Ferries
; and Cliff House Railroad Company's engine-bouse
: and at transfer point; is naturally business prop-
j erty and should be improved with store and flats;
would pay well. . ■
San Miguel Homestead Lots.
Lots Xos. 52 and 53 of the San Miguel Home-
stead Association; NW. line Miguel st., 200 feet
NE. of Mount Vernon aye.: size 80x103:6.
Capp-Street Residence.
Nos. 805 Capp st., E. line, 40 feet S. of Twenty-
third st.-, two-story residence of 8 rooms and- bath;
bituminous rock street; stone sidewalk; lot i'4x
122:4. . . . , .
ALSO— -
Lot adjoining above, size 16x122:6.
Parties who intend bidding: can ob-
tain any. further details or information
desired on application at our office.
iSHAMWAID, BIT RBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.,
MILLS BUILDING.
AUCTION
THURSDAY, MARCH 26,
AT 12 M. SHARP, BY
VONRHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street.
8 Lots-Dolores, 27th and Army. Sts.
.5 2 CORNERS.
§ ! 2! ■-. --■■. -; >
® SOLD. . =
■v — — — — — — — .-.■•- ■■ .- «<
co • ;,-v- '-.:::>< si*
S- •"_ a - . . ox
j* i ■ 96 • ■■»€♦■■
'*• g '■ ■ ~ \'■ 3
"\" . 5 ;. ■. \ r\
V 64V 3 25 j25 26 25 38
Dolores Street.
McAllister-Street Lot— Sunny Side. ■
40x137:6— X. line of McAllister, W. of Fill morei
cable and Fillmore cross-toa-n roads pass; suitable
for fine residence or sunny flats.
O'Farrell Street, nr. Jones— Rent 835.
22:6x68:9— 509, O'Farrell St., W. of Jone3; 7
rooms and bath; close to transfer point of Call-
fornia-st. road. .
Howard Street— 26 Rooms, Bar, Etc.
Rent Reduced to 850.
25x85—547 Howard; 26 rooms and bar; rent
greatl> reduced to $50; tenant pays water; $6000'
mortgage can remain. . .
j Estate of R. W. Gunn, Deceased.
: 50x120-E. line of Twelfth aye., 100 S. of Point
Lobos aye., O. L., block 273. . -:■,--
, 25x100— NE. line of Sixteenth aye., 125 NW.'
from Q St., block 304, O'Neil & Haley Tract.
; 25x120— line of Eighth aye., 75 8. of C St., In
O. L. block 387.
Folsom-St. Boarding-House— 855>.
60x101— 2013; Folsom, S. of Sixteenth; 3-story
hotel and bar: a mortgage- of $3600- now on the
property; rent now very low, $55. .-;.- ' • .
. '7^- California Street— Corner liot. -..
: 32:7 i/ B xB7:6—NW; cor. of California and Lau»l
sts.: suitable for store and flats; a bargain. -
• Lark In- Street Cottage— Terms Kair.
I 27:6x110— 2616 Larkln, 8. of Chestnut: bay-
window cottage; magnificent marine view; on easy
terms. _•■■.•■• -:/ ..'r.-'* ; •.*-••.-•:;■•■'.; ■-.■-■■=• •■•-.
: . Large ' Firit-Street Corner.
V. 40x106, with L 40x46— SW. cor. of First and Na-
toma sts. : 2 stores and flats; improvements out of
repair; did rent for $125, and will again with an
outlay of a few hundred dollars. ■ ■ - "
Greenwich, nr. Momtgomery— -4 Cottages
1 1 43x75—103 and : 105 Greenwich : 4 cottages ; ' a •'.
great bargain for a mau of modest means. , 
SE. Corner Clay and Broderlck.
■ 27:6x100—2941 Clay St.; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; 1 story in front, 2 stories in rear. ..." , 
\:ifpljL ; -9 r » Gibbon^ Dispensary;
«WBwl? J ??-? ( , IBAIBWT ST ' EsUbllshed
ESR JSS4 for the treatment of Private
ii2 '2j^F' An!iJr HT - Established
in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
ffluJiOmJß Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
diseasewearingoii bodyandmlndaad
SMB3BBW Skin Diseases The doctor cures
i^MMßiSrei others fall. Try him. Charges low:
Cures tsoaran Callorwrlta!
or. 9t W, WIBJBOJF, box l9s7.SaWructo£
1314
DEFENDING THE CHARTER
A View of the Duties and Powers
of the Board of Public
Works.
BUYING COMMON UTILITIES'.
Ernest McCullough Explains the- Value
of the Charter Clauses Relating*
to Municipal Ownership.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
To the Editor of the Call— Sir: Unfortunately
another attack ou the proposed charier has
ui>i>eared in print in the public press. It is an
attack on an article from the writer which
appeared in tne Examiner last Sunday.
in that article the statement was made that
it was not necessary for the Board of Public
Works to Ret unanimously in recommending
estimates to the Board of Supervisors for the
cost of building or purchasing water works or
other public utilities. The writer still holds
to that opinion for the reason stated— that U,
the Board of Public Works Is only an advisory
body when the purchase of such utilities comes
r.p tor consideration. It is a body ot trained
men who shall assist the Board of Supervisors
in technical matters: their duties are advi
.-ory, the Supervisors' duties are legislative.
To imist that the public utilities cannot be
purchased or that the Supervisors are not em
powered to submit the question to a vote of the
people without the concurrent unanimous
opinion of the Board of Public-Works that the ]
i">umaies are correct and reasonable and the
proposed action is right, makes the Board ot
i'ublic Works a portion of the Board ot Super
\ isors with e^ual powers of seemingly a legis
lative character.
The individual who takes the ground that
the Board of I'ublic Works is thus a part of the
Board of Supervisors quotes section 3 of chapter
1 of article VI, in proof of his misstatemems.
A portion ot said section says "No order or res
olution shall be passed or business transacted
involving the approval of bonds, awarding of
contracts, appointment; of employes, or reso
lutions of intention recommending work or im
provement, except by the concurrent vote of
the Commissioners."
Tnis section just quoted cannot by any
reasonable man oe understood as making it
mandatory upon the Commissioners to ap
prove the issuance ot bonds to purchase water
works or street railways. It merely refers to
section 2 of chapter lof article VI preceding,
where it is stated that the Commissioners may
require employes to furnish bonds and that
said bonds mutt be approved by the Comniis
slonero.
The following section where it requires the
concurrent vote of all the Commissioners to
approve bonds might lead the ordinary man
s ing common sense to believe that the
section referred to the bonds of employes
spoken of in the preceding section. Some
very ordinary men, however, do not seem to
possess common tense. Let us examine care
fully section 8 of chapter 1 of article VI,
wherein the duties of the Commissioners of
the Board of Public Works are set forth in the
matter of municipal ownership.
The section in full reads as follows: "It shall
De and is hereby made the especial duty of the
B;>ard of Public Works to prepare, at least
three months previous to every City election,
an e-timate of the value of the various street
railroads of San Francisco; the value of the
gas, electric or other plants or methods for
lighting said City in all portions, both public
and private, thereof; the water works of said
City; tne telephones of said City, and all other
franchises granted and in use in such City and
County. The estimate thus made shall be the
basis upon which may be submitted to the
electors of said City and County the question
whether or not said electors desire to purchase
such properties, or any of them."
There is nothing in mat section which states
that the Board ot Public Works shall recom
mend the purchase or that they must act as a
unit in submitting the estimates of cost. It is
their duty to submit the estimates and, as the
writer before stated, the task of making the
estimate is an immense one. In practice it
will undoubtedly be arranged between the
Commissioners that one of them shall have
that especial duty to perform. If his esti
mates do not suit the other Commissioners
they have the privilege of submitting a ma
jority or minority report. It is optional with
the Supervisors to submit the question to the
people of voting upon the purchase or con
struction of works. But if the Supervisors do
submit the question to the people they must
do so upon the estimates submitted by tne
Board of Public Works and upon no others.
It is not anywnere stated in the charter that
the Board of Public Works must unanimously
vote upon the desirability of possesing the
works before submitting the question to the
Supervisors or the people.
And furthermore, In reference to estimates of
cost it is well to remember that section U-i of
chapter 2 of article II says the estimates of
value of existing plants must not exceed the
cost of duplicatine: such plants by construc
tion. The Board of Public Works must submit
to the Board of Supervisors the reasonable cost
of constructing such works and the Supervisors
6ubmit to the people the alternative of con
structing them or of purchasing the present
ones. If the people decide to purchase the pres
ent works the Supervisors have the power to
condemn and purchase them at the valua
tion set by the Commissioners.
If the "associated villainies" cannot take
better care of themselves than to draw up a
clause like that to insert in the charter they
need to be taken care of. It puts them where
all franchise-owning corporations should be
at the mercy of the people and in their full
power. At present the corporations seem to
own San Francisco, according to our friends
who object to the charter, but when the char
ter is adopted the corporations will be careful
not to ottend the people as now frequently
happens, for it will be possible for the people
to revoke the privileges granted by the fran
chise and vote to run things themselves. If
the charter were of no use in anything else,
the clauses relating to municipal ownership
alone should make every citizen vote for it.
Yours respectfully, Ernest McCullough.
Preserving the Unities.
"I see," said Mr. Chaffie, glancing over
the paper at the breakfast table, "that we
are ROiQJE to have a gvninasiutn for girls.
What next, 1 wonder?"
"A cooking school for boys, I reckon,"
replied Jonnie between bites. — Texas
Sifter. _
The Clothworkers' Company, founded
in the reign of Edward IV, h&3 among its
valuable collection of pjatd a loving cup
presented fty Samuel Pepys of "Diary"
lame, when he was master of the company.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUPINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-6SO Montgomery street,
ccruerClay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
"NOXiCE Oir 3i_.JiTi>ti!». .
|g_S» MOUNT' MORI AH LODGE NO. m
Br^zr 44, F. and A. M. — Meeting THIS ' JK
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o\S7f
o'clock. Second degree. /v^
THEO. FROLICH, Sec.
|jr-S=» MISSION LODOE N0.""i69, F. and~~i
Ot<& A. 'M. — Called meeting THIS _%
(WEDNESDAY) KVENI\(,. at 7:30 Tf
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the/x^>
W. M. C. 1). BUNKER. S«c.
'i&zr' CROCK KTT LODGE NO. j397f. i"~
ft-*^ ana A. M.— Called meeting THIS _%
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p. jf. D. 2d Bv^flf
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /^^
r» KXC B I.s lOR l6dg"e NO. 166. F. •
tS^J^. and A. M.— SpecUil iieeting THIS ML
(WEDXKSDAY) EVENING. March 18,15 2f
at 7 :30 o'clock. Second degree. ■'V\
;■■-■■ -: ■ THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
Lr^tj- MORSE I.UIIUK.NU 257, I. ~Z^£/~-
EPjß'- O. < '. ■ F.— lmportant business i^y^Cfe.
I 111-< EVENING; th^ .|ii»stion oi^!<Sf<^
joining the library, will come before '%u\'^
the lodge. By ordtr CHAS. U. FRICKE, N. G.
C. Bkini>, Kcc. Sec . __ _
Ctss= <7l"F E Rs AND M E M BRBS <s^mUM^
kr& Caliiorn'a Loclse No 1,1. 0.0. F., |^y.
will meet at Memorial Hail. odd Fel- fe£<BKs!?
lovs' building, at 9:30 a. »f. WED- 'Ml»&*./:
NESZ)A\, .to 1 attend- the funeral of our late
brother, R. W. KING.
WM. C. RILEY. X. G.
. G. \y. Daywai-t. secretary.. *'■■■
B_7g= NOTICE- A. U. H.. iiOARD «'ffc_^,.-r
OK_?- Erin. Division No 4, : will hold a X$M
special moetitig at their hall on WEDN'ES- «W|
DAY KVENINC, March 18, 1896. Ailg^\^»
or.icers and members arc requested to ai- w J^_S
tend. : By order of . D. AH ERIN, Presidoii.. :
John McCabtsbv. Kecretary. '-* '■';. - . .'
g^ap > de"gre"e OF honor, a.o. v. w. v^th,
m<& silver Spray ; Lodge No. 3 nie°;s : nti^gH^
Western Hall, Sblels building. 32 O'Farrell fißjgj ;
St., first -and ; third '-Wednesdays <of ■ each «35^ .■
xuoutli at 8 o'cloc- n h. _. MUBRAY, liec. -
_ MKKTINO NOTlCES— Continued.
THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
OE-* s^ Brick ayers' Association will be held- at
B'm»l B'rith Hall;l21 Eddy St., THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, March 18, at 8 o'clock. Busi-
ness of great importance. ••"'■-. '-
JOHN B. CAMPBELL," President.
(T^S 3 'STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICE— OFFICE OF
fib-** La Candelaria Mining Company, Sun Fran-
cisco, California. January 81,1896— 1n accordance
with a resolution adopted at a meeting of the Hoard
of Trustees of La Candelaria Mining Company held
this day a special meeting of the stockholders of
said company is hereby called to be held at the
office of said company, at 630 California street,
1 San Francisco, California, room 60, the principal
place of business of said corporation, and the build-
Ins where its Board of "Trustees meet, on TUES-
I'AY. the 7th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 ,
i O'clock A. m. 1
The object of said meeting is to take into con-
sideration and decide upon the proposition to in-
crease the capital stock of said company from two
million six hundred and eighty-eight thousand
dollars ($2,688,000), divided into twenty-six hun-
dr^and eighty-eight (2688) shares ot one thousand
($1000) dollars each, the present capital stock of
Bald company, to thirteen million four hundred
nnd forty thousand dollars ($13,440,000), to be
divided into two hundred and sixty-eight thousand
eight hundred (268,800) shares of rifty dollars ;
($5O) each. Btr order of the Board of Trustees.
. -'-. GEORGE A. HILL. Secretary.
(Pis= NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEx.TING— EL
Lfc^y Dorado Water and Deep Gravel Mining
Company, office at tire City of Plaeerville, El Do-
r do County, California— a special meeting of the c
stockholders of this company will be held at the
office of the company in the said City of Plaeer-
ville on TUESDAY. March 31, 1898. at _ o'clock
P. m.. lor the purpose of considering advisability of
i?a!e of certain mining lands of the company, and
if deenaed advisable approving such sale, and also
the ratification of former transfers of property
made by the company. By order of the President.
[ss.J LINDLEY C. COUPER, Secretary.
Dated March 14. 1896. ________•'
IjRS ANNUAL MEETING— THE KEGULAR
<2r~sr annual . meeting of stockholders of the
Western Sugar Refining Company will be held at
the office of tne company, 327 • Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
tor the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer-books will close on Friday, March 20,
1896, at 12 o'clock m. ■«m&mAmtii.vi
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
BfrgS= > ~~FnR RENT— THE LODGE ROOMS
tf-- 7 formerly occupied by the N. S. G. W. in the
Pioneer building on Fourth s;. For terms apply
to the secretary of the Society of California Pio-
neers, 5 I'ioneer place. ' ' '
specl4l NUTICKJ*.
& ; J^ collections made, city -or conntry. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,'room 6. Tel. 6580.
SJ-SS* WINDOWS C-EANED AND FLOORS
t*^-^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
can-aces ruaranteed. C. ROSSI A CO.. 242 Sutter.
DJVIDENL> NOTICES.
aPs=iF'~D7v I DEN T NOTICE— DIVIDE^D^NoI
S : 3' 29 (15 cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Maricet street, on
and after FRIDAY, March 20, 1896. Transfer
books will close Saturday, March 14, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. • K. H. SHKLDOX, Secretary.
~ fcITVATIOXS WANTED— FKMALE.
THIRST-CLASS GERMANCOOK 'DESIRe's A
X 1 place; 2 neat housegirls: ranch cooks: number
of neat girls awaiting. Refer to MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton st.
p ERMAN cook with REFER NCE PE-
VJT sires a situation. J. F. CROSET A CO..
312 suiter st.
yOUSO' GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
X housework or to mind children. Apply 742
Howard st, ' •
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
do work oy the day, washing ironing or house-
work; experieiced: no, less than $20. 1239 Mis-
sion st,, Swedish Church basement.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN. THOROUGHLY
competent, wants work, dny or month; good
cook and laundress, city or country: good refer-
ences; kind to children. Address 607 Hyde st.,
nr. Geary.
Q ITUATION WANTED BY A SEAMSTRESS:
odo other liirhi duties and wait on sick, etc. Ad-
press 1025 Mission St.
LDERLV WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
Xli nonsekeeper or will care ;for au infant or in-
valid; fond of children : best or references. Call or
adJres for a iveek at 720 Xatoma sU, near Ninth.
"yOUNG GIRL wishes A SITUATION t<">
X do light housework; sleep home; wages $2 50
■week. Call 16 Converse s:., off Bryant St., bet.
Eighth and Ninth.
EXPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES A
■ position as stenosrapher and typewriter. Ad-
dress steno. box 88, Ci 11. .
T7LDERLY.. SCOTCH WOMAN WISHES SITU-
X_ ation t-o do housawork; is good cook and
baker; city or country. Address 312 Sixth st.,
near Folsom. . .
IJOSITI ON W A NTE D BY RESPECTABLE
X girl; downs airs work or general housework:
good cook; five years' reference. Call 7 Van Ness
aye. (Women's, Industr.'al Union) Wednesday
from 10 till 3.
\\" ANTED — BY THE DAY, HO! OK
M house cleaning by a strong woman; 8 hours 81
and cariaro. Address H., iil6i/2 Sixth St., room 17.
F" "Trst-class" LAUXDRKSS wishes work
by the day or housecleaning. Please call 560
Minna st. ; ; .
pELIAULE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
Xt to do housecleaning by the day. Call or address
118 Wildey st., bet. Bush and Pine.
STRONG WOMAN wi.-hks SITUATION TO
do general housework or cooking alone; city or
country. 237^ >eventh St.; call 2 days.
pOMPETENT. GOOD GIRL WISHES A
\J place as good cook or nice housework. Please
call at 1505 Fran Kiln st.
ITUATION WANTED BY SCOTCH PROT-
O estant woman as first-class cook or house-
keeper; thoroughly understands her business;
the best Of personal references. Call fortw-oda>s,
225 Leavenwor:h St., from 11 to 3 o'clock.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
i'l housework, city or Oakland; work for mod-
erate wages. Call 27y a Fourth, over flower-store.
TtfA T D-SITU ATION AS . SEAMSTRESS
. »* in private family by the day or week; shirt
waists and wash goods a specialty. Address A.
8., box 123, Call Office.
ADY "wishesFa place to do sweeping
or plain washing by day. Call or address 663
Minna st.
pOMPETENT AMERICAN COOK: IS A NICE
\J laundress; will work in a neat family, city or
country; is a \. ood housekeeper and kind to chil-
Oreu: wages $12 to $15. Call at 749 Howard St.,
first floor. ,
ANY LADY REQUIRING A THOROUGHLY
■A- educated ■ English woman to take charge of
bouse or 2 children, address English Woman, 7
Van Ness aye. ' '
EFINED PERSON. HOUSEKEEPER TO
XV aged couple or gentleman; city or country:
capable of filling any trustworthy pO3itiou.
Housekeeper, Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
ITUATION BY A YOUNG GIRL TO DO
light housework and wait on table. Call or ad-
dress 734 Tehama st.
ITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERl-
enced Swedish girl to do general housework in
American family. Call IV6 Thirteenth st., in care
Of XXV. MX. ANDERSON. - '.
\-OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X workinz housekeeper tor an old , couple or gen-
tleman; either In city or country;- can give good
reference. Call or write, 131 Kearny st.. upstairs.
ITUATION W NT ED BY A YOUNG
0 Swedish girl for sewing and dressmaking. 11 Va
Antonio St., off Jones, near Ellis.
COTCII GIR"L~VISHES A sTfUATIOX;
C_? housework and cooking. Apply 319 Ellis si. -
r uiNG gerTia.n woman wishk- any
X kind of work oy the day. Addres3 29 Minna.
pOMPETENT WOMAN- WANTS WORK" BY
VJ the day; washing, ironing, housecleaning; good
worker. 419 Minna St., n«-ar Fifth. .-'
2O ERMAN GfRLS, ONE FOR COOKING AND
— one for upstairs, wish situations. Please call at
824 Eighteenth st.
\r WIDOW WISHES HOUSEKEEPER'S
1 position. Call at 1020 Market st., room 20,
second-floor. ;-. • . /
G^ ERMAN GIRL, BEsT . R EFERENCES
wants place for upstairs work and sewing or
full charge of Infant: : wages $20 to $25.' Address
C. E., box 51, this office.
/TicitM a N COOK wishes a situation in
VJT private family. Call or address 425 Stevenson
street. ■: :'• ... . -' ::■■■• ;£-;•-■;
ERMAN girl WISHES SITUATION to do
VJ plain cooking and housework. 1313 Stockton
St., upstairs.
PRKNCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALIFuR-
r nia Employinent '. Bureau ; . free . to ; employes: ;
1520 Clay St., between Hyde and Larkin: open 1
to 4 p. v. except Saturday ; wanted, a situation as
iad.v's maid, Oi- for grown-up children, by : French-
Swiss; middle-aeon; three languages: good seam-
stress; city or country. ": Apply at the ■ Union from
Ito3r. v. ■■ ■' ' ' --..■■.'■■:'■■ -.'- ' ■;:■■■:. ;. <
pOM PETE NT SWEDISH GIRL W.TH TWO
V.-' years' reference wants a situation in American
family a< waitress or chambermaid and seamstress.^
I Address C. S., box 151, Call Office. . • '. '- •
RE I NE7r"GEKTIT\N J-ADY WANTS . EX-
cagenieiit to t»-ach. take care of children, sew;
j tioard home. ; Address G. H.. box 52, Call Oflice.
\y antT:l>— to g"»7 t : out" BY -THE DAY :
'• wa.ililuK, ironini;, housecleaning;: $1 26. per
day. Addiess 257 Minna St., downstairs. ■'■:. n: --' % ,
R~ E A >OX ABLE I) ESSM A X 535 SHER-
man sr., will so out by the day if required. , ;
. \\r ANTED— SITU ATIdN FOR SWISS GIRL
'*' to <lo housework. Swiss Hotel, 1 627- com-
niercia' st, 7 ' '!".:':
M~~ IDDLE-AGED>GERMAN LADY WISjHKS
place as nurse.' r Call at 2115 I owell st. .. ?:?
NEAT YOUNG GIRL ~OF EXPERIENCE
J-' - would ■ Jlke a place to lake care of one or two
children. ; Apply at 12 Stockton place. 'K,-~i : ■■.._: j
.- * h. UOUSKKEEPER.BY.NEAT- ELDERLY
■t V. 'Amerk-an widow ; is , a good ; cook ; neat • and
tt-mperate: a home : the chief , object; :. widower's
family preferred. Address Housekeeper, box 19,
Callufficc - V i-: -
O ITUATION WANTED IN amkrican FAM-
O ily to do general housework and plain cooking.
Cull 939y Howard st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH IS, 1896.
FTTTTATIONB WANTED-Contlnned.
p ERMA ifAVOMANWAX TS WO RK : B YTTiE
vJT day washing, ironing or house or otlice clean-
ing. .Call or address 612 Minna sr.; :
p ESPECTABLE G E KMA N LADY. DESIRES
Xt aituution as housekeeper; is a good cook; no
trifleH wanted. Call at 948 Mission st.-. . ;:.
rpO LADIES OF NEGLECTED EDUCATION—
J. Good English, French, piano and singing taught
by a lady. Address MRS. M., box 162, Call Office.
T>ELIABLE ELDERLY WOMAN WISHES A
Xv place to do general housework; home desired
more than wages. Ap. 312 Clementina, nr. Fourth..
ITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD CCOK
O and laundress. 530 Eddy st.
pEFINED\ YOUNG LADY WISHES ANY
J.V kind of sewing or mending. 1169 Mission St.,
room 15, second floor. ■. : .. ...
T\riNCHESTEK HOthE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; -00 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night; -
$1 CO to $6 per week : convenient and respectabla;
m-p bus to anrt from I lip fpriy.
SITUATIONS W.i v IEl»-flIALE.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches -.short notice. 14 GearvV tel.Grant46.
UNTKR <t CO M CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Wehb St.. -below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacr&tnento: tel. 23L1
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O oflice; best help. 31411 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
pHINEsE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office;. best help. 414Uj O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
AKER— YOUNG -MAN WANTS PLACE IN
bakehouse on bread; will clean pans, etc.: good
molder; sober; single; age 22: low wages. 8.,
care MRS. LECEY, 70 Minna st. . :
\\T ANTED— PLACE IN RESTAURANT OR
»» hotel; cooks: help by useful young man;
single: worked as camp cook; makes good bread;
give three months' leave then if desired, any-
where. 8., care MRS. LECEY, 70 Minna st. <. .
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FOR
engagement; 15 years' California experience;
nursery to Eastern shipping; vines and stock: gen-
eral iarminscAl- references. Address Ranch.
31214 Fulton st.
SITUATION, WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
— assistant bookkeeper or collecior; speaks few
languages; city or country; best city references.'
Address A. S., box 119, Call Office.
-\7°U>>G MAN HANDY WITH TOOLS AND
1 around machinery wants position; has served
two years as foreman on ranch, last plac-; first-
class references. Address Y. M.. box 198, Ca.l.
V YOUNG MA.\; COMPEI'ENT SALES-
man; well up In all clerical duties; . six: years'
experience in wholesale house; honest, Industri-
ous and ambl ious; age 27: good references. Ad-
dress C, box 119. Call Office.
pOMPETENT FIRST-CLASS MAN WANTS
\J wants situa'ion around private place; is good
driver; understands care of horses ana cows; is
fair gardener and haDdy with tools. 'Address D.
V., box 154, Call Office. .
ituation WANTED-BY a THOROUGHLY
0 reliable, sober, steady young man; enn handle
stationery or locomotive engine; good fireman: can
handle, hreak or train horses; no objections to
traveling. Call or address J. 8., IOI3V-3 Larkin st.
ITUATIO.V WANTED A- MAN ABOUT
place, to act as nnrse or wait on elderly gentle-
man, city or country; references given. Address
M. N., box 137, Call Onice. .
ITUATION WANIED ON PRIVATE PLACK
by competent horseman and driver: good plain
gardener; can milk r best of references. Address
A. S., box 80, Call Office.
AKKEEPER WANTS SITUATION, CITY OR
X-> country; city reference. Address J. A., box
119. Call Office.'
ITUATION" WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, collecior or driver of delivery
wasrori: have li-d 10 ig seneral experience in this
city; good references. \ddress E. G.. box 9, Ct.ll.
TEADV MIUDLE-AGED MAN WANTS
situation. Addres3 F.D., 1032 Array st.
M"lddle-aged com petentT'germ an
wants situation hs coachman and gardener,
city or country; general utility man around; first-
class ri'ferenc'es. Address M* A. C, box 153, 1 Call.
P ESPECTABLE G ERMAN\IK)OD CARi'EN-
XV ter or general house repairer, wants position;
hotel, institute or priva-e place; city or country.
Adiress E. R., box 43, this office. •
ana" ni > WIFE, SCANDINAVIANS, no
children, want work in the country: man
cook or willing to do any kind of work. ARply
| lOV2 Pfeiffer st.. bet. Dupont and Ches;mu.
ipiLDERLV MAX WANTS POSITION TO
X_ work any part of a day; l.otel, rr-staurant or
' saloon: is sober, steady and capable. Address
ROSS, box 103, Call Office.
OY 14 YEARS OLD, A STRANGER IX TIIK
city, has no bad habits, would like situaUou on
a ranch or milk dairy: has some knowledge of
milking: is willing 10 work for small wages. Ad-
dress 22 Seventeenth st. .
ARBEK, 1 JYEAR 'S EXPERIENCE, DE-
sires a position. Address Barber, 1224 Mont-
gomery st. v. : ■: :.
\\T NTED-PLACE ON RANCH FOR BOY OF
>>: 16. Address P. a., box 80, Call Office.
IpiRST-CLASS CHIEF COOK FROM PARIS
X and New York wants situation in hotel or pri-
vate family: best references; city or country. - Ad-
dress B. P., 609 Pine st. '
TEADY MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
O fireman, watchman or- janitor; best of refer-
ence. 416 Second st. •
UTCHER, EXPERIENCED MEAT CUTTER,
I' German, single, wants situation; city or coun-
try. Address A. F., 865 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted FIREMAN and
machinist: wall acquainted wich machin-
ery: station»ry job. Call or address F. N., 257
Minna st. ' ".•
OOD -NEW YORK BARKEEPER WISHES
situation. G. S., 1315 Howard st.
\\T ANTKD— SITUATION AS CLERK OR
»* manager in hotel or wine business: over 3
years manager in Vienna; city or country. Ad-
dress S. .1., 7553 Mission st. ■-:■'■
ITUATION AS DAIRY FOREMAN BY
young Swiss: thoroughly understands the run-
ning of separator and engine: experienced: refer-
ences given if required. Address Y. 9., box 145.
Call Office. ■■.'■--- -.■:.■■-.•
pARDENER— FIRST CLASS ALL
VJ" branches: eood horseman; milk; handy with
tools and machlnerv; good references. Address
Gardener, box 142, Call Office.
OY, 15. YEARS, WISHES A POSITION AS
office-boy, or to make himself generally use-
ful. Address 179 Minna St.:
S" TRONG GERMAN BOY, 15, WANTS ANY
kind of work; lives with parents. 1305 Mis-
sion st. . ■.■'.'■
pARDENER Al\'D COACHMAN (SWEDE)
VJT wants place: good milker; first- class recom-
menaations. Aadress G. A., box 157, Call Oflice. .
PRACTICAL .ELECTRICIAN — UNDER-
X stands wiring, dynamos, . arc lamps and steam ;
had charge of large station; holds college certifi-
cate for lighting and power. HUGO, : Fortuna,
Humboldt County, Cal. . . : '
HAVE FOUND SECRET OF "DISGUISE OR-
illusion: by It I can disguUe newspapers and
planets, etc., can be distinctly seen on them; I
wish a situation to travel. HENRY KELSEY,
1016 Pine ■:.
OOD GARDENER (SWISS) WISHES SIT-
X uation; middle-aged, single; take care of
horses, cows; etc. : . best of references. , Address
Gardener. 60 Third st. :
FEMALE flElil' WAM'KI). . .
p I RISTfoR ; iroTISEWORir^FOR
XX Robles, see party here; for Vallejo, Berkeley;
Benicia German clrl lately arrived. for Santa
I'.arbara, $20 to *25; tor city, first-cluss cook, $30;
10 German and Scandinavian girls for housework,
$15 tos2oands2s. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary s:. . •
TNVALID NURSE; GOOD : vVAGES. C. R.
X HANSEN A CO.; 1 10 Geary st.
COUK FOR INSUTUTIOX; 840. C. R. HAN-
J SEN & Co., 110 Geary st. .
'ary Mclaughlin, the chambkr.
maid, please call. . C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. ' . ...
\\T AITRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20: CHAM-
"» bermald and waitress; city, $20: 3 waitresses,
Clty,s2o. C. R. HANSEN A I 0., 110 Geary st. fc
WANTED-GIRLFORHOUSEWORK.AMER-
»" ican family, $20, see lady here at 10 to-day. J.
F. CROSE I T & CO., 312 Sutter st. •
UrANTtD-COOK, SMALL WASH, SHORT
1 "" diattmce. *25- second girl. $20: cook, German
I style, $25; French waitress and seamstress, $25:
I 2 waitresses, $15, and a large number of girls for
cooiciue and housework In city and country. J. F.
j CROSETT A CO.. 312 .^uttcr st. :
! Vr k GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, SMALI^
IX American family. Santa Cruz: $15; see party
here; call early. MURRAY <& READY, 634 Clay.
COOKSTSECOIf D AND HOUSEWORK GIRLS
V; can rind good places at MURRAY <fc READY,
634CIay st.
OOK. SANTA CRUZ, $20; HOUSEWORK,
\J . Santa Cruz. $15; s ranch ■ cook. Haywards, $20; '
housework. Palo: Alto, #20: Alameda;. $.'0; '15
housework girls', city ana country, $20 and's2s*
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. ■. .. .'.. :■.:.,;:..:-:...: . •
VV AITRESS, i SLEEP HOME, $15; IRISH
: *» waitress. San Mateo, 4 " $15: Protestant cook,
institution. $25: second girl, same' house/ $20;
second girl, Mare Island, ? $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter su : .
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
VJT girl, $30, 3 in family. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . ■ ;'-.'..; .••--.. .... . . ■■:,■--
JEWISH FAMILY, ?30; GOOD PLACE.
MISS CULLEX. 323 Sutter st.
pOLORED-COOK..' $25; BERKELEY.' MISS
\J CULLEX, 323 Sutter St. '
SECON D I R L AX J OSEr$23; SEE LADY
O here 10:>0. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -
VKAT -ERMAN SECOND GIRL; SI6.' MISS
1> CULLEN, 323 Slitter st. ■ ::.:.< .
Ur AITRESS. : HOTEL, $25. MISS CULLEN,
»» 323 Sutter St.; -v: ■■*■ ."•
P E FINED GERMAN NURSE, CHILD , 3
XV years, $12. M ISS Ci I.LXX. 323 Sutter st. J, -■
WANTE I»— 2 : FRENCH" RLB VAS : r KIRST-
»» class cooks and housework, country, $30 each ;
chambermaid;, hotel, ■ $20; ; experienced 3 waitress, ,
hotel, city, $20; i waitress, ■'■ restaurant, i sls . and
room ; i French 1 second - girl, $12; 1 2 French house-
work girls," $10 aud $15. -> LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st. :>.„ c'- .":"■;. -■:-. ...'..-;.-.
pHAMBERMAID.i CITY HOTEL, $20: MlD-
\J, die-aged i chambermaid, country ;; hotel, .. $1 5; :
laundress, plain work, $20: waitress, country, $15;
and girls for housework; ' dishwushtT, $16. ■R. T.
WARD <fc CO., 610 Clay st.
HFI.P : WA.'S TED- Contlnn««l. : _
WANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR-
-'..» »■ maid, private family In San Rafael, $25; cook
and second girl, Ross Valley, «26 and $20; laun-
dress foi San Mateo. $25; twenty good housework
cirls for city and country. Apply MISS PI.CN-
KETT, 421 Sutter st. - *
OUSEGIRL, OAKDALE, SEE lady at io;
German cook, $35; others. MME. LEOPOLD,
20_stockton st. ! :;; ■■',■ y- - '..-■ -;. ■;. 'r. ".:"'- - : -'■
X\r ANTED-ALL KINDS OF GIRI.S TO FILL.
|gl/all kinds of situations. MRS. 11IRD, 721 Ellis-
\\r antep_"young swedish or GERMAN
,-?t girl to do second work, $15: girl to take care
of children, rool ; references. $15 ;to $20. > HVa
Antonio st., off Jones, near Ellis. :-'-. ■ -. - .: ■ -
I ADY TO TRAVEL: NO CANVA NG ;
Si salary and expenses; small capital required.
Call 14 McAllister st., room 42. -
\\T A NTED- YOU NG GIRL FORHOUSEWORK
'' and plain cooking. 1844 Sutter st.
CUItK CURE FOR ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM,
O eczema, gout, female complaints and other dis-
eases. 1207 Market St., near Eighth : room 2.
T7XPERIENCFD SEAMSTRESS FOR LADIES'
X_ and infants' wear. The BON MARCHE. 38
Geary st. -•. ... -■ ■-/,:•/: .■'.-.. -
YOUNG GIRL, HOUSEWORK, ALAMEDA
-X County; 3 in family, $20; no washing; German
preferred. 509 Kearny «t., room 8. < .•-• :
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS AND FINISH-
FJ ers on cloaks; apprentices. M.SIMMINHOFF,
228 Market st. ' ■ . ■■■'-■ - .: : - : "- '- -v :■■
Young G I RL TO assist with HOUSE-
work; sleep home. 1109 Van Ne-ts aye. :-; ■'-.:
OPERATORS ON BAR CO ATS, APRONS AN D
plain sewing. 422 Turk st.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 8 LIBERTY ST.,
near Valencia.
p IRL HELP WITH LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VJ board and clothes: good home. Apply 927
Brannan. near Ninth: downstairs.
PANTS-FINISHERS AT 533 STEVENSON ST.
OEVERAL YOUNG LADIES FOR PROFIT-
O able : outdoor employment. 523 Kearny St.,
room 12. - Tiri?_ulllCTl_-PTnti
p ERMAN WOMAN.' GOOD home, SMALL
VJ pay; light work. 2662 Folsom st
GERMAN OR SWEDISH ' .-irTTfok GENER-
vJ al housework. 16.0 Geary st. j
OOD FINISHER WANTED ON CUSTOM
\X coats; also a printer. 433 Clementina st.' .-
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK IN
X small family. 1215 W. bster st. . .
SEWERS ON LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
wear. 840 Market st., between 10 and 11 a. m.
YOUNG GIRL ABOUT 15 TO LjSARN PANTS-
X making; paid. 559V2 Stevenson st. . -;;.> .-. V.
SC A NDANAVIAN OR GERMAN GIRL FOR
O light housework. . Apply afrer9:3o 314 Minna.
< iunTTT; iel to MIND CHILD and AS-
. X sist light housework. 1309 Eddy st.
IBI> TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK
and care of children. 1734 San Carlos aye.
p IRL TO ASSIST. IX LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
VJ" Apply 9t012 at 226 Fulton st. .
ANTED-GIRL2O TO 30 YEARS FORGEN-
'' eral housework. 1316 Hayes st.
I)EFINED,WELL-DRESSED YOUNG worn
XV of good address: salary. U. S. lndus:rial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. ;
IMRST-CLASS TAILOR FINISHERS FOR
■ ladles coatsat A. CAILLEAU'S, 46-48 Geary.
PERATORSON OVERALLS. LEVI STRAUSS
«fc CO., 32i/b Fremont St.
GOOD FINISHERS WANTED ON PANTS.
V.I 373 Na'oma st.
PKLIABLEGIRLTO TAKE CARE OF CHIL-
XV dren; whges $10; state age. Address Mrs. J.,
box 41. this office. , ' ,
HAIRDRESsl KG, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy. 213 Powell. "
W INCHESTER H OUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
•»» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per nieht; $1 60 to $6 per i
week: *«•»« bus to and from the ferry.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44Th!rd St., near Market:
'.00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 pet night; $1 tO to $6 per
week: free bus to and trora the ferry.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
.rV tingand nmkin.2. 14 McAllister. rmsß7 and 68.'
lAWRENCE PATTERN HOUBE— DRE&S-
-LJeCti Hi.' school. 1231 Market st..oet?Bth and 9th.
M.Ut lit Llf UA>IEI).
MEN Foil ALL KINDS O F W <> R IC LONtToR
short job, can- be at > once supplied at C. R.
HANSKN&CO.. HOGeary; telephone. Grant 185.
EDGERMAN WHO HAS EXPERIENCE, IN
X_ Rugarpine; $60. C. R. UANsEN & CO., 110
Gpary st. :.
I Rsf-T LASS HOTEL PASTRY COOK, $60;
r head and second cooks, country hotel, $65 and
$40. C. R. HAXSEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st
WANTE D-BOOTBLACK FOR • COUNTRY,
»" , 535; choreman' for ranch, $15: tiema&ers;
boy for vegetable car len; $10: and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT tV: CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
COOK, $60, N EA CITY: 3 HOTEL COOKS,
) if3o to $05; short order cook, $20; ironer, $30;
vegetable gardener, $30: garden boy, $15; boy to
learn blacksmi h's trade, shinglemakers; farmers,
teamsters, lal)orcrs, etc. MURRAY & READY,
empioyment agents, 6^4 and 636 Clay st. . ■■-■■■;■ ;
TVeRMaN MAN FOR CJIORES, $15, SAN
VJT Leandro. MISS CULLEN, 323 butter st.
A PHYSICIAN WANTED.
J\- ■ Wanted^-A physician; must be a graduate of
one of the 4-year colleges: unquestionable in ap-
pearance, polite and gentlemanly and whose moral
character is above r prnacb; liberal salary and per-
manent position to 4 right party. 1 Apply between 'i
and 4, Wednesday, March 18, room 68, Baldwin
Hotel. . . : ..,-, ..
pESPECTABLE YOUNG MAN TO MAKE
XV himself generally useful: in a grocery store;
n-.ust understand the business well-and be .hor-
oughly acquainted with the city: none other need
appiy without furnishing the best city references.
Address G. ('.. box 138, Call Office.
Y"OTJNaMAN, RESIDING WITH PARENTS,
-I having some knowledge of cabinet-making.
Apply 312 Grove st. bet. 8 and 10 a. m .;■-.■.:
QURE CURE FOR ASTHMA, RUEUJI ATISM,
O eczem gout, male complaints and other dis-
eases. 1207 Market st., room 2, near Eighth.
OAT AND PANTS MAKER FOR COUNTRY.
\J Apply 24 Sutter st. . .
SALESMAN ACQUAINTED WITH RETAIL
Jobbing hat, cap trade. "Caps," box 2, Call Office.
»4 ANTED-COOK RESTAURANT. 204
' » Fourth st. :
E » ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as goo I as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
a; one-helf the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission sU, between Hrsl and Second sts./: ;r.
\\fA.NTED-BARBER TORENTNICE STORE
' » and living-rooms; cheap. '■ SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ■■ . -. .-
nOYWANTEDTO LEARN WATCHMAKER'S
I* trade: .must come of .respectable parentage.
Address Expert, box 61, th s offic. .
OARBER - SHOP; WESTERN ADDITION";
'> rent, mcludinj; nice living ■ rooms, #16; price
$200. Call and see STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
BAKER FOR HOTEL, $50; PASTRY COOK,
$65. HOTEL GAZETTE, 4_o Kearny st.
A*T AN T D~^ SHOKTHAND AND TYPE-
» V writer. Address K. M.. box 16, this oflice. ,
OY 14 TO 15 IN DENTAL OFFICE. AD-
dress with references, "Dr.," box 144, Call.
\\: ANTED— STEADY ; MAN , IN, CASH BUSI-
.-,»» i ness; pood for $65 monthly: can oe increa.-ed;
must have $l.>o crsu. JOHNSTON, 26^ Kearny.
I/IIRST-CLASS, soli ITOR for a no. i
.tailor store; none but first class need apply. Ad-
dress R. 0., box 57, thin oflice. -"?
EXTLEMAXLY APPEARING FLOOR-
,VT. walker tor a dry-goods notise ) Is wanted; : any
certificate-bolder in this agency competent to fifl.
this position is requested >to call' or write; also a
competent blacksmith. ; U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 17, Crocker building-.
\\r A NTEI) —AN UPHOLSTERER. APPLY
>V 1120 Howard st. ' __ ;
p OOD LATHE FELL ST., NEAR ASH-
.VI .bury. .:' . ■■ '. : -. , . .- ;.. '. . ...-.-.: ■ -..
\\r ANTED— GOOD LA ERS. APPLY AT
»" Larkin and Polk sts. '
ANTED— YOU MAN. TO LEARN BAR-
bers* trade. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland. ; . .
9 T fIT r M"EN ANIiTWO iTADIES FOR
steady positions.? Apply 402 V CJeary st.
IIJARBKK-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP: GOOD
-l-» location. 81 V2 Fourth st. : . : '■■; .-'-; -■'>
OAR RER-SHOP," COUNTRY: GOOD SUMMER
!-> resort: splendid chance for good barber: price
$175. See STOLTZ,- 630 Market st. ■'.- / >/;
BARBE R-SHOP, NEATLY Fi I 'TED t P, FOit
sale. Inquire DECKELMAN BKOS., 106 Eilis.
FOR ; SALE — WELL-LOCATED BARBER-
shop ;in Stobkion; ♦ two % chairs. " paying ; well;'
owner leaving .-Hate- Apply r. 310. Spreckels
"L^OR; SAt-E- 1 WO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP";
X ciieap; good locatior. 415 Hayes s;. •-...;'■ :
\\ ' ANTED-- A MAX TO ACT AS OVERSEER
£■ "of • boys out •of - school hours, and '■ do : general
work at an orohaus' home where there -are over
200 children; v moral ; and *■ undenominational i re-
ligious instr'iction ; to be: part, of j the duties;re-"
quired: one In middle life with good health, ami
who : has : had • experience In i the • management of
children, ; preferred. Address Templar, , box 66,
Call Office, S. F. : - . ■' \\ ' ; » : ■ -.:■: '.: . :..-
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE AND SOUTH SEAS
_ and other ports. I ; 10 Steuart st. , upstairs.'- :..•.•;
\ \\r ANTED— A GOOD KNTERPRI'SINGiBUSI-
_I.»i ness mau for ag nt for the best mild delicious
natural medicinal mineral water on the earth. Ad-
dress_A. ASTORG, 108 Fifth st. ■"■"■ -I~*\S
WA 'I E D— HORSESHOEK TO BUY; A GOOD
;. TT^kit of tools, cheap. ;; 120 William si.: '■..-■■ --_:
hAKBLRS* PROTECTI VJS . V N lON ; EMPLOY-
J J tnent secretary. CONRAD TROELU. 657 Clay. ,
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT 1 CALL SEC-
le'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grantave. FUCHS.
O AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hanjann£23B% O'Farrell.
TIOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; f ROOMS
XV 20c to 50c nignt; *1 to $4 week; opeu all night."
HELPi WANTED- ontl n . = Z:
WANTED-MKCHAN^cITH^ERiicsTiLABoir
»» : ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial { collections: . no charge unless
succes.stul. KNOX Collection Aeency, 110 Sutter st.
: E W ; WALDO : HOUSE. 765 • MISSION. BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— SingleJurnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; waek %\ to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention io morning calls; open all nighu
EST MEaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED- 8
courses, 10c, at .-eagle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SOUP, MEAT, BREAD, WITH BEER, WINE
or coffee, sc. - MRS. DALY, 619 Merchant st.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It.
W A.NTED-ISEAMEN; ORDINARY SEA AND
. »». green hands for deeo-water voyages, whaling.
Apply 117 lirumm, upstairs. PETER McMAHON.
WHAT CHKER HOUSE. 523 SACRAMENTO
»' st.: 200 rooms best in the city sing.'c rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c. ■■' • . .' .
ANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
barber trade: only 8 weeks lequired; tools
given and wages paid ; for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, n. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard st.
MEN'S - SECOND-HAND , , SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. . 562 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Vi ■ MARKET ST.—
JLJ Hooms 20c, 26c. to 60c night; $1 to $3 week.
MEN'S %-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40o; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
<fl£l TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
«UM large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
\\r ANTED— LABORERS ND MECHANICS {
» ' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie- I
lor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 15J
large rooms: 25c per night: fl to $3 per week.
INCHEStITrHOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cent» a Di£hl; readin;-
-room: free bus to and from the ferry. '
. 1 1 1 A ME> .TO . TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J ' '\f and 20c a night, including coSee and rolls.
624 Washington Kt., near Kearny. : r"; . .: '"
EST IN CXT i'— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per nigh:-. SI. fl 25, $1 50 r*r weefc
I'tcltic House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sis.
\\ r A.VIKJJ- MKN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
,''; steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc.' 609 Ciay st.
"L'iKEE BEER— SCHOONERS FOii sc;
I. also a bottl »of lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
''pKY ACME hOLSf., 907 MARKET sT., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a niuht: JHI a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
' » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily pnpprs. H6 Clay st. ■
i'UKMTUKK WANTED
CIALL ON jTT£" JIUtITe^r7S2I^EARN V, IF
' yon want highest cash price for your furniture
or merchandise of any kind. . j.
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
pA«H PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE.- JA-
\J COB WKKDT. 821 MjssiOn. l>Pt.'4th .fe - 't".
HOk. >ii ' .. A:>TEL>.
mWO •.«YAKGE - *^"F%^N'7^E'D~ltO^is V "FOR
J. widow without children: North Beach preferred.
Address A. 8., box 78, Cnll Office.
yocxo man ; WANTS ROOM, private
1 family; Catholic preferred. C, box 105, this
office. . ■-■ % - - • --■■-.:.
BOARDING WANTED.
vvrXNTE^HiolTFrA^^
" family; middle-aged man. Widower, box 22,
(a'l Office. . ■-.-■ -■.-:■ -
i'KOi'r.itl'l \VA SL'lZij.
\y ANT E D^T O REN T^OR^ LE A S SMALL
»» ranch. 6 to 20 acres, suitable for chickens,
within 100 nitles of city. C..1.0< 8, Call Office.
WANTt-JU-Mi^CKLLANKOUS..'
T\ADIER'"s aIFetY T T895 ~H 6 »DE L : '"] TN^CiCKJD
J-i condition; state make -and lowest cash price.
Address 8.. box 61, Call Office.
\\r ANTED-5 PACK BURKOS; 2 FRESH
■'" milch cows: 30 sheep: 25 young pigs, 3
mqnths old; to be delivered In city Ar,ril 3. Ad-
dress ('., box 82, Call Ofllce, with Drices and de-
scriptions.
ANTED BOATS OF ALL KINDS, FROM
»» skiffs to steam launches. - Send description
and prices to C, box 82, Call Office.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: fend postal.
CLAIUVitV AJN .
A" RARE "i *pltor"t7jnTty"t^ ~~~ ~~~^"
CONSULT THK GREAT CLAIRVOYANT,
PROF. F. EUGENE,
FOR 50c AND $1.; FOR 50c AND $1.
People of San Francisco, as well as other cities,
marvel at his power. lawyers, speculators, busi-
ness men of all grades, and ladies from every walk
In life, together sound his praise for the benefit
they have received. All are pleased. Pro r c-ssor
Eugene gives advice' on business, .speculation 'n-
vestments. love, courtship, marrfcure and divorce-
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and
causes a speedy and haDpy ■ murriiige with the one
of your choice. He , locates mines and buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies,, re-
moves evil influences, -gives advice pertaining to
lawsuits, locates ■ and recovers - old Z estates. The
troubled and unfortunate should seek his counsel.
Thousands of families long separated have been re-
united by his efforts. All persons tuKoccemfu! in
business, who seem lo be unlucky, should visit
i him, seeif his aid . and .start aright. Thousands
have become wealthy through his advice. Young
men starling in business will find it greatly to
their advanl»ge to consult him on all matters of
financial interest to themselves. Hours, 10 a. m.
to 8 P. M. Letters with stamp answered. PRO-
FESSOR EUGENE, 1728 Market st.
C/V0 AND $1. - 00c AND $1.
O\J • PROFESSOR LEON,
533 post ST.
Wonderful power to tell past, present and future;
advice on all affairs: removes evil inrtuencis; let-
ters with stani|.s answered: hours, 9 a. m. to Sp. m.
ADAM KSPERAN Z A, CIiAIRVoY'ANT AND
card-reader. 228 Taylor st.
UNT MARY, CLAIRVOYANT, PALMIST:
u-1- readings and lessons: 50c and SI. 1031 Market.
PROF. ZANZIC. THE WHITE ATMA j
. palmist and clairvoyant 'medium, 315 Ellis St., |
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies M)c, gents $1.
Vl ME. MORE AU— BEST " M KDI i"mT"T*TTaT)S
l'J your life by magic crysial; 25c up. 764 Howard
VTSIE. PORTER, CARD- READER; ■■Tr.L.LS
Ii past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings *1 50. 126 Turk st.
MM E. RA V ENN A READS YOUR LIFE
fluently, lips on races, names given; 25c up.
Removed from 828 Howard st., to 5 Fourth. •
RemlTmbkr the s.-:eress of THE AGE,
■ STARLIGHT, parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye. "
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE I.\
the world: 60c nnd $1, shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wlf<>. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
M* MB. ST BILLS — LIFE^RKADER; .PAST.
1»A present, future; charms; lee 50c. 914 O'Farn-ll
MRS. B. B A U M AN. THE RKNOWNED ME-
dium'and card-reacier. 132 Turk st.
METsf EWA RT TH X GRE ATES I' CARD
. reader and clairvoyant in the ', world: seventh
daughter; has read cards since 11 yea rs of age; and
mining, lawsuits and marriage: indies or gents
50c. 917 Market st., parlors 3 and-4.
MME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RE VEAL-
er by eggs, and cards; tells pnMre'llfe,',pa3t,
present, future; consultations on all - affairs; noth- 1
ing except<"ci; names i given; . cood ; advice: ; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake ira-
posslble: fee $1 ; letter 32. 929 Post St.. nr. l.arkin.
BPl&txu <
rp O-N IGHT— BIS HO P G A rVsON\ MATERIAL-
: 1 lzlng. slate-writing, trumpet seance. 6 Hayes
St.; 25c. --: ■■■- ■'. '.-, ■■■ .; ■ ' . ' ' ' r.*->-r v
A A
A 60 cts. and fl. 60 cts. and fl.
REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST. -
REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST.
- PROF. VAX DE VERK
A splendid : opportunity ; to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittauce. :
.If you would ; Know wha : - the future holds for
you call witnout delay. ' Advice on all matters. '
■ PROF. VAN DE VEKK.
1020 Market st.
DDIE SWAIN, MEDIUM; READS DAILY;
ladles only; hours Ito p.m. 227 Geary st.
p YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days included): 26c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
RS. J. J. ,; WHITNEY, CLAIHVOYAXT.:
innre medium: siltitit's $1. '21 S S;oi;kton g-
OEMISXS. ■
HONEST WORK: VERY' LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1. ■
T^ULL • SET "TEETH, $7; WARUANTED
JD five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth st. ■
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G; YOUNG, 1841 Po'.k st. > ■'■■■:.■•' ■ '■' -
DR. GEORGE W. h LEKK. THE GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of oalnless extraction
and patentee of v improved : bridge v.-ork tor teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to i'O O'Farrell st,
"OAINLESS i KXTKAUTION. s 60c; i CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari'
experience. ,R.' "L. W ALaH, ; D.D.S., 815«4 Geary.
H vR. H. SHAW. 224 KEARNY - BRIDOE-
'U; work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work," brldg9 work ; and teeth • without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye. ■
CTROOMEDENfXL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
VJ ket. bet. 3d and i 4th, gas , ■peclalists : only relt- ;
able agent l for painless extraction: artificial teeta
frm $5: tillings frm (1 : extracting 6Cc. with gas $1.
yD;7 A SET FOX TEETH : i WARRANTED AS
«iP I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMa,
dtntlst, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. -
- 11 "VK.'. LUDLUMIhILai,- 1443 - MARKET, ST..
ixJ near Eleventh: no ctaargu for extracting when
plates are made; ■ old i plates : made over like new;
teeth from $s per set: extracting 6Oc: gas given. :
t lOli'l'U.N UENTA L AS»OC*IA'ITOiN . 806 MAR- ■
\\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. >■ : :
R. J. J. LEEK,*i2O6 market, cor. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open : evenings: | Sundays till noon, j
-A »Ji* WORK REASONABLE-' AND WAR-
A ranted. DR.' ■' AV.'KKY. 112' i Market st. ."
lil'l. UIN(i AND t LOAN /ASS CI ATIU -\
'p^ONTINENTAirBUILDING^AND LOAN AS,
\J aooiation— Home office, 222 Sanwrne St., S r,>
: Ueneral sa vl ngs <fe loan bus! ne»s. Ed E. HUI, Pr«. I
OUTei £ldridge V.Pr.; W Corbiu,»e«.&Uea,Jl»a
rpo BUY, SELL OK EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
'1 of any kind see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st. -
(JJOnfi STEADY MAN WANTED AS PART-
*IPO\J\J. ner in genteel cash' business; clearss7s
per month each; : no experience necessary: duties,'
to serve customers. - STRAND, 45 1 hird'st.
<jj O C A BA R Y. AND COFKEE PARLOR:
«jpUUI/. near Market and Kearny sts.: -steady
trade; pjys well. SI'RAiND <fc CO., 45 Third st. ,
(gXXA CORNER SALOON; MANUFACrUR-
tJpOO\J , Ing district: 3 furnished rooms; clears
$75 a month. See STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
ffij Q r A CIGAR-STORE .AND .LAUNDRY
«JPOUU. office: No. 1 location; pays well: 3 fur-
nished rooms; cheap rent. 'STRAND, 45 Third st.
Cfc 1 RESTAURANT NR. MARKKT'ST'i
_£___>U. clears $150 month. STRAND, 45 Third.
UfrQ7>r FRUITSTORE, 3 ROOMS: CLEARS
<]pO 10. $75 month. STRAND, 45 Third st.
<I>Q7C SA OON; PAYS W LL; BARGAIN
tjp-i I O. this week. STRAND, 45 Third st.
A fin RANCH BAKERY; 5 ROOMS:
i£)-±O\l. full value; bargain. STRAND, 45 Third.
Gl 1 il(\(\ CORNER LIQUOR STORE: FULL
«3)lOUu. value: bargain. STRAND, 45 Third.
&>f'i lA RESTAURANT AND BAK; 1 nA.\>
«JpUUU. fer corner: cheap. >: STRAND, 45 Third.
<ol7Xrr" CORN ' ER SALOON," CITY FRONT:
ifp I O\t. cheap at $1000. STRAND. 45 Third st.
.01*1 CA FISH STOREIWITH ROUTE 6T 250
<ij)lt)v'. customers: horse and wagon: clearing
$75 monthly.; JOHNSTON' it CO., 26y Kearny.
Oj OC A SALOON, LUNCH HOtSE IN
(IP— «J". wholesale district, three livin? rooms;
large stock; low rent. JOHNSTON, 26 1 Kearny.
Qji AAA RELIABLE MAN AS PARTNER
O->- v/UU. in paying cash business, clearing to
e.ch $50 weekly. JOHNSTON, i. r 6Va Kearny.
<sj7f|A CORNER . GROCERY AND BAR;
tff! I vU. very central; 2 living-rooms: present
owner 9 years. JoHNsi ON, 26" Kearnv st. ■
\,y ANTED— A NUMBER OF VARIOUo Kl.\ i>S
;' » of business, for which I have cash buyers, for
quick sales. STANLEY, 2iy 3 Third st. , ■ .. . •
(Efi P. A LI 11T. BUSINESS RUN BY LADY
LUVr. over 2 years: good in<ome: store an 1 2
living "rooms: * furniture goes with the bargain.
STANLEY, 2iy a Third St.
<3?1 7X WORTH DOUBLE; CIGAR STAND;
tlpX •O, a bargain: good location: . splendid
s:ock; owner has to go to Alaska. STANLEY,
2iy 2 Third st. . -
CjOAA LONG ESTABLISHED RESTAU-
*ip£.\r\J. rant; worth douhle: seats 40 people;
trade over $12 dally: low rent; good stand: sick-
ness cause of sale. STANLEY. 2iyi Third st.
ffIJ^AA COFFEE SALOON, LUNCH HOUSE;
tipUvU. nearKearuy: 350 dnily boarders; pres-
ent owner 2 years; expenses light; full investiga-
tion for any one meaning business. .>TENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st.
•*hl RESTAURANT AND LUNCH-
'rIUUU. house: best location; nteadv run of
trade: will exchange for real estate. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st.
<ft t\^l) '■ CORNER SALOON. WITH cjgar-
t^p\JU\r. store: magnificently fitted up: hand-
some clubroom: old-established: popular place;
receipts average $•>{) daily; satisfactory reasons
for selling. STENBERG <fc CO., 632 Market st.
©9nA|| PARTNER IN PLUMBING AND
<?_l/U". gastittiiighusiness: full line steel and
castiron ranges, laundry stoves and broilers: in-
voice $6000: established 20 years. STENBERG
& CO., 632 Market St., opposite l'alace Hotel.
rVTOTICK —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
XTi promptly for cash. HE ALY „ CO.. 23 Kearny
Cjf\(jO BLACKSMITH AND HOB.SK-
riPO'.'V/., shoeing business; near the city; no op-
position; ck.-tring $150 per month; owns build-
ings; wlllremain with purchaser until trade is se-
cured: best of reasoi.s for selling, Apply \V. F.
HEA LV & CO., 23 Kearny st.
(Cj^nn STATIONERY, SCHOOLBOOKS.
O\J\J .candy, has exclusive trade of school near
store: rooms: full value. HEALY. 23 Ke-rny st.
©OX A PARTNER WANTED-A1 CASH
i£?£.O\J. business, clearing '.- to each $75 per
month: no night or sun4ay work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEA 23 Kearny.
<T»Q-%n PARTNER WANTED. light BUSI-
•IJIuiJv. ness, I»rge business, horse and buggy;
clears $20 p?r week each: no experience required.
STANLE\ , 211 / Third St.
'•55 1 KA BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOMS.
<J) 1 O\J. BARRETT <S SKIFF, 921 Markets',
'ft'^n LOON ESTA BLf^HEDTHE LAST
♦ir«-»«JV. 10 years: near Pine and ICearnyrsts.;
doing good business; low rent; rare chance. In-
quire 684 California st., Pha»nlx Bnr.
CJ7XA GOOD PAYING BAKERY.WESTERN
«IP I O\J. Addition: 2/2 barrels: 2 horses and
wairon; chance for cofi'<-e and icecream Iparlor. i
REISER & -TAS.-SET, 5 Fourth st. !
CS7^A CORNER (JROCERY AND BAR,
vT * O\J. with living-rooms: pood bartrade: cash
custom; low r« nt : in very bf>st location: rare
chance. Particulars 533 California st., Ptucnfxbar.
WR ()(\ SNAP-RESTAURANT A.YD JCHOP
'ITtJ'iXJ. house; finely fitted: 260 men em-
ployed opposite. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st.
TTENTION-RESTAURANTANDOYSTER- I
Jr\. house:, well fitted up: must be sacrificed this
day on account of .siokne.s : .no reasonable ott'erre-
fused. LUNDIiS- _ CO.. 1035 Market st. ,
I^LEGANT RESTAURANT AT A SACRIFICE:
■l-i centrally located. HEGARTY, 1004 Market
r_OOD-PAYIJJ« BAKKRY FOit SALE; BAB-
gain. E. J. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
©7XA C()R r NKR SALOON ON LARKIN ST.; j
«JJ I tJ\t . doing good business: 'legantly jnr-
nished: low rent; actual v..lue $2000. Call 533
California St.. Phoenix Bar.
a or SALE— FINE CANDY-STORE with a
-T full line of stationpry: good lo< ation: will sell
cheap. Address W., box 11. Call Ollice.
ARE OPPORTUNITY FOR PARTY WITH
some capital to take interest in company of
$1,000,000 iind act as secretary of same. Address ,
l:are, box 80, Call Office. ;-.'.
(5.00 X GROCER Y-vroREFOR;SALE; LOW
tf£^.u. rent. 112 San Jose aye. -, »..-.- :
COXAA ONE OF THE- BEST BUTCHER-
O\t\j. shops for sale. Address C. L., box 16,
Call Office,
ARGAIN IF ?OLD TO-DAY— CIGAR STAND
and laundry office. 602 Mission st. :
T)AKKRY FOR SALE— 3 BARRELS PER DAY;
'JJ horse and wagon ; good . store . traie. Inquire
F. SCIIRAMM, 772 Mission St.
OME SPECU I.ATION IN CALIFORNIA
mine stock; compan.v incorporated, with 7
claims adjoining Iron Mountain . mine, lately sold
tor $800,000, in Shasta County. S»e prospectus
and obtain information at 1020 Market St., room 1.
ARE BARGAIN; SHOE-SHOP: CENTRAi-
Iy located; on account of other business. 349
Fourth st. - :■'.'-.
S' "HOEMAKER'S SHOP AND sHOESTORE
store for sale. 218 First St., near Tehama. :
\\,' HOLESALE BUSINE FORSA LE ; BEST
t» place for the least money. . 12 Adair st.
I j A R GAIN- DISCOUNTS ANY OTHER;
J J restaurant for sale: come quick. 112 Third st.
IpOR SALE-IMPROVEMENTS, STORE AND
' fliir : blacksmith shop: hay, wocd and coal yard
and livery stable; cost $3000 : on A 1 business street;
15 yeais' ground lea^e: income $3-' per month;
coalyard and stable now vacant: ground rent $25;
a rare chance; will bear : investigation; price
$1000 : '■ $400 cash, balance ■w II exchange. J. S. -
MYERS. 1002 Broad sv.iy, Oakland.
ICE-CREAM, CANDY AND SODA-WATER
1 business for sale; nice cfnh trade; must sell;
leaving for Europe. 261 Third st. . . ■
"irnfn| HESTAURANT; WORTH THREE
»7p±«JU. times the amount;, must be sold; good
reasons. ; Apply 131 Third st. .: .
17" IRST- CLASS;: ROUTE FOR SALE ON A
1 morning paper; price $2400. Apply 1521 Clay
st. before 10 a. M.'and after 5 p. m. . - . ;
\\f ELL - KN " W - V -' OLI) ' 1: - STABL ISHKI) FCR-
> » ». I'inire business for sale «n account of sickness.
•Inquire at 640 Howard St. '. .
d>j7jr -OLD -ESTABLISHED BRANCH
»1I5t: I »J. bukery; three furnished rooms: clears
$100 per month: near four schools; sickness cause
of*ule. 1525y Dupont st. .
TmTr SALE— LONG- ESTABLISHED WKEKI.Y
X paper: good living, for energetic man: small
capital required; ill health cause of selling; no
nts. X. L-, box 68, Call Office. . ,-..
A MAN :■- RETI RING , FHOM BISINESS
J\ wants to dispose of liis first-class saloon. : Ad-
dress M. R.. box 131, Call Office.
ARTNER WANTED, . J CASH BUSINESS.
c:ears $70 mo. ; 3100 required. 335 Fourth st.
<j_l f>(\(\ foh.--.the: neatest • lodging-
«Jp JLUv/V/ house on Market st.: 2? elegantly fur-
nished rjoms. : COL lON . 90i3 Market st.
fflirrnfl BUYS HALF-INTEREST IN LIV-
►J?L«JU" eryand boarding stable in heart of
city; clears $300 per month, COLTON, 906 Mar-
ket st. .-;-.. ■-- ; ."■■ .-.-- • -' "■-. ■-. :■■■■ : '-..'-' '- : -.-•.;
PESTAURANT AND ISAKEKY, I'ATKD
IV on B Kearny street, fitted ? up new : in ■ first-class
stj-ie about a year ago. will be sold at great sacri- I
rice 0:1 account of departure: offer ' solicited : after]
Investigation. Apply Ito ; LEON ; ANDRE, ; 315 |
S;ocktou st. " . -... . :.-■-.. : .; ■_'_:■ :;.
<m 99' STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH AT
is)jU£dO* East Oakland mu3t be sold. E. HILL,'
Donohoe bi-lldlng. . ■'-- -:.-■:', t ? -.?
IpOR SALE— A GOOD-PA V ING LOON WITH
'.pool table, cash register; llving-rooras; sell
cheap on account of leaving city. 624 Sacrament^.
VTTe ll^located CIO. MI si and, OPPOSITE
»» carliouse, Tu-rk and Fillmore sts. • . ': :^;:>
ORNER SALOON FOX tALfc; LOW RENT.
\j Apply LEVY & CO., 795 Mission st.
ALOON. WITH FIXTURES AND STOCK,
livin?-rooms, for sale very cheap •ou account
of having another place. Apply 420y hlxth st. •
SP LE N DI USIN OPPORTUNITY- FOR
live man; grocery and bar for sale, cheap: 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
SCULLY <fc SON, 420 Sacramento at. :■.,
.Tj'Oß RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
T' general ; jobbing r shop,' with tcola ; and ■ every-
thing complete: < also | dwelling-houne, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on aboiu one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
iun for over thirty years: place located in center of
Ihe healthiest town in California; terms easy. For
further ; particulars Inquire *: of ALEXANDER
WATSON, Gilroy, Cal. ■_ ; > ■< i -I ■ -' :-^.-7r;
"nOR SALE OR TRADE FOR RANCH— LIVELY
I?ORSALEORTRADE FOR RANCH-LIVELY
groo ry business in San Jose. Address Trade,
San Jose. Cal.v:.;r.--.: ■ -.: ... ■••■>-- i '< J .» ' U -.:.... .-.■' ■■'-::'.-:r.. ; .
€!'Q/in RESTAURANT AND BAKERY FOR
■ «U) iJ\ 'I/.- sale; ■ owner, lias other business. 917.
Mission st. . ■"■■■!■. '.-. ;. -
BI7SIN-SS CHANjCFS^^^ 1 !^^?!!^
, ~ — . — — -~ — T77vit<9^ FIVE FUR-
parture. Call 819 Stockto________ -
wmmmm
now or never. '■ ■■ ■'■ '■■ ■'■■■'■"-• : : —
■'/iitvttpmaX "pTbTNER WITH SMALL
GVap'ul" warned 105 HtocktonsUroom 22. _
T ADY >-I - GOOD PA VIAU BUSINESS,
L would like partner. . 202^ Turk st. .
TIAPI X ROUTE rOK SALr., ■itbi'Aii.At'il
PAfu dlstricV wvera 18 blocks; ~° * *_"£_
cheap, and chances for increase are.%ery ood.
Apply this office, principals only. . .
<II» O " A PAYING DOWNTOWN SALOON;
CbdOO. location- unsurpassed- day business:
ownen compelled to leave city. Particular 006
Clay st. •- - ■;.-• '■-*' ■-■ -' . ■■■'.-..■'■'■-■ : .
TO WAGON-MAKERS-WANTED PARTNER
1 in old-estPblished shop in ■ this city: first-ciHSS
woodworker preierred. Address P. O. 8., box liv,
Call. ■ . . -■■ ; - !
OL'^O^ ■ SALOON; CHEAP; GOOD STOCK
<Jb-£ZO. and fixtures; in good location: owner
going East. CbU at tne place, 1934 Fillmore St.,
Monte Carlo saloon. ■-..- ..-..•- : ■" ;: : ■
. flljO^A BKST RESTAURANT IN CITY;
*&Z.OU. good reasons for se!ling.__This^fflce : __
V-IHS!( BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE,
r Apply Call Office. •
Vmi >.\i.t^—fi LoON; OLD STAND, 28G2
X Mission st.: call lroni 12 to 1. -.: ' '
ANTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHON
House in Hollister: very favorable loase to
right party: furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 6.'8 Mar-
ket Bt. ■ . " .' - - : -
"L^OR S A I.K— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
X with 6 living-rooms upstairs; rent cheap; gool
trade. Apply at 201-203 Market st. .'• -.:-- : .
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOU
; man. FRAN K C. McCANN, 122 Market st.
UTCHER-SHOP: CHEAP: ON ACCOUNT
of aiCK ness. 1808 Howai-d st.
tOOI.INii-HOISKS f OR BAL£i.
■\TOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALEj
IN ; from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st._
AOrAA 40-ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING $150
tIpO«)UU. to *200 per month: low rent: every-
thing complete for notel; bargain seldom met with;
investigate. BARRETT & SKI e'K, 921 Market st.
,91 ROOMS ON EDDY STREET, ONLY.. 600
jliJl 19 rooms on Sutler street payments.... 1000
16 rooms on Taylor stree-. 750
4f< rooms on Market 5t..... 2500
' H: C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opposite Fifth st.
•ffl'l "LO HOUSE: 55 KK!^: MUST
»|rl 10. be sold within 3 days. Call 140 Mluna.
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS: RiNT Sf3s. 33i MlN-
na St., between Fourth and Fil'ih.
IMNE cT>rner7iiouse KOR SALE CHEAP;
J half rash. HEGARTY. 1004 Market st.
" > uit-Vi'i'tj lit: i-*>±i sALt;.
t^ U BN ITURE OF 9-ROOM H D B K ; "iTrOOMS
' pay the rent; lovely location.- 803 Golden Gat*.
H- G. KR ASK V, furniture AND B— o-
-. ding: new folding-beds, f& and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779Miss!oi.
I" jMRE SALE ! ■.-_■..•:
1 Prices stand till coods are completely di«-
posed of. .
oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges...;.. 8 00
Stoves. 7 50
Carpels, per yard...... 55
Linoleum, per yard '....... 55
Matting, per yard : 10
• ill our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting- business
at SK. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
A(\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
■trUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, #20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW... 875
iiedlounges trimmed with plush.... $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid .... .....45c up
■ English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shad.-s in s colors 25c up
SIiIRKK <fe SHIRKK, 747 Market st., opposlta
Grant Rvenue: no branch »'ores. ■
V Alir* L' «J i. A> 1 iVO.
"TONES CO. CARPE'F" 'c'leXn'iNG^a'nD
*} renovating- works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJingworks; latest improved machinery 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Kighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
PARPP:TS CLEANED. 3c 'Pfi.lt YARD; RE-
\J laid, 5c per-yard. S. STRATTON, IB Eighth.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENGVA-
tinsr. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fe CO.. 23 Tenth; t 1.
j South 3a .D. MACKINTOSH CO., successors.
E. MITCHE CA RPET CLEAJN ING CO., 2411
.. 1 14th sr. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
McQUE CARPET BEATING AND REi'-
. ovnting works. , 453 Stevenson: t«l. south 223.
"NJATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
1> vating Works r HAMPTON layin?
and alterins. Sl3-315 duerrero: Tel. Mission 24
tl/"HEN YO BECOME DISGUSTED WITS
» V poor work send to SP.A ULDINO'S PioneerC*f-
ret Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
1 >ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WO kaTjJT
' ' <:nld"n Untf aye.: telenhone ease 126.
UOKSKS.
I^^^U~wXN?"T^^TrY7^EirL^Oß^X^
change horses, bnggies, wagons or harness you
I will find it to rour advnutage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and I.eavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial s\
"1 ST-CLASS PASIURAGbi: Pi.i-..> iV A li-..i
JL and feed year round. (I. W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
IJNSET HORSE MARKET, VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagons", ; buggies and harness,
I C A SETS NEW A.\D SECOND-HAND HAft-
-IO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses anil
scrapers- sand-wagous. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
teon for 8. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR BALE: ALSO WAGON*
TlVf buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors« .
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every We"uej-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
Tfl A SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AL&
JLUU kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
aiBO 20 chran horses. ViftPent'i and VaTeqcia«Ci.
J)'OR «x\.L*;-AIIS)t;k.LLAM^OIJS.
TERTJNG^^BI CYCLE; BuTIT LIKE^ A
STERLING BICYCLi;. BUILT LIKE A
watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkt.
T>URE-BLOOD JERSEY COWS; FRESH"T
± price $100. H. \\\, box 4, Call Office, Oak-
land. -.' *
/COLUMBIA BICYCLE $30: FINE CONDI-
tion. MOORE, 735 Market st.
OOD FRESH COW AND CALF. CHARLES
Ajr HARKINS, Twenty-fourth and Bryant s!s.
REAT DANE DOG; GOOD PKDiGi.Efc.. 908
. Broadway, bet. Mason and Taylor st 3.
T) AR OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASU REGISTER^
J> scales, etc.: cheapest. ME EX. 1118 Mission.
T OUNGE, BEDSTEAD.BUREAU and WASH"
J-i stand, cheap. " 826 McAllister st.
WILSHIRE SAFETcOST $85, FOR $35. 328
>> McAllister. ■
1 JiQ^'HIGH.- GRADE $105. PNEUMATIC
lOt/U;safety for $35. 328 McAllister st. . .V
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
U bitters In market: ouy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults;- free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. . PUTZMAN & SCUURM ANN,
pro])., 341 I'iue, cor. Montgomery; , phone red 391.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
i-J doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1166 Mission.
L) LACKS > ITil - SHOP OUTFIT. FORGE
-IJsteam pump. boilenfcengine; chtap. 516 Mission
UY YOUB BABY CARTiIAGES AND RAT-
i tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's proHt ; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mi33iou.
ONE small MEDUTM AND LARGE SIZS
hre and burg-ar proof safe. 109. 11l Market y..
LURE . AND BURGLAR SAFi-.. LETTER- .
X . press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10"J Clay.
OUEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN seconu-"
1> : band. \V. 8. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
COUNTERS, SHELVING. SUOWCASE-J
V- , bought and «old y Market bet. 7thanda;a
pHEAPESI' and BEST IN amebica—th_
V^ WEEKLY CALL, sent 10 *ny address in the
United States or Canada one year for ?1 CO, post/-
age free. •■■■■■■ .-.-■■ ..-■■■• "
" LO_T.
1^ KM A LE PUG DOG; MARKET.NEAR sixth
J. Return 995 Mar.cet.st., room 14j reward.
r OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
- IJj nia Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco,
in the name of ANNIK WALSH; No. 143,033.
The tinder will please return to bank. :
T OST— ON SATURDAY KVKNIiNG, BLACK
i -i-J onyx breastpin, diamond shapffl. betwten
Polk - and j Pierce and Jackson sts. Return to 927
Geary at. ; reward. ..-,.■ . ■ ' '. " .■ • ■
7 ost Saturday, march 14, A FOX TER- 1
rier 5 months old; collar with peculiar padlock.
Return to 3318 Sacramento st.: reward. - ■
KOUNIt. •
cowT^owneli PROVE property
J and pay expenses. ■ Fourteenth ami belcher sts.
i f .<\ ■-','; ':'■■: : ATTOICNEY^-AX- AW. ; "; : '
Ad v icfTfree— di vokc e"lXws~a^speci?
■:Jt\%\ty; private: 3 no charge unless successful; all
lawsuilts, clalms,> collections," wi.is. deeds, etcTHt>"
tended to. G.W. HuWE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
J." N OLEN, s A TTOR NEY- AT - W. 719
. Market st.: advice iree. ■ ,r\ - °
JTMURRAY, ATT'Y. AND COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. ;- 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, lj.
X\r ,-■-: W. DAVIDSON, ATTO - AT-LA W
H . C*lift«aU »v, rm* 1V15; adTice fr««.>^U^C^ HOCSTES TO LKT.
SUNNY HOUSE, 7^IOOM^TTXLL^MaDERN
improvements; rent reduced to $32 50. 914
Kllis st. • '
<Si VI 3" ROOMS; BATH. 409 Vis THIR-
C-*- X. teenth si., above Valencia.
7-44 c ' OL^OM— HOUSE 7 ROOMS; $25.
HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
cheap. Apply NICOL. 534% California ht.
(\C\U FELL— 7 ROOMS, BATH :sr N N V YARD;
UV-f rent reduced. , ■ -.-
fTnr HOWARD, nk. 7th-o nlvS i.> ■■■-.
XXV < bath, patent water closet; sunny yard; $ltj. -
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS; BATH AND YARD]
rent $15. i 47 Valencia st. " _2_lH—
IJABY HAPPY; MAMMA s aTIs"FIEDT"paP A
• > contented: house rented from BALDWIN '&
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st. - ■ ■
COITAG TO LET. ~
COTTAGIToF 5 SUNNY rooms AND BATH:
als-> large yard a-:d cellar. 14 Kisling St., bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth.
©1 A AND $12; SUNNY HOUSES OF 4 AND
J*' 1 "5 rooms; large vardand basement. Corner
Dolores and j-itteenth sts.
fAOTTAGE; 4 ROOMS AND BASEMENT; $11.
\J 422^ Riugokl st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
O«l 1 NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4
*v? XX. rooms. Point Lobos aye. and Collins st.
/COTTAGE— 5 ROOMS: BATH AND BASE-
v; menu XI 1 Twenty-tirs: st.
ATS '1(1 I.UI. *
< «s9*v water t. BTsu'9"boom
—•*-'• flat; all moaern conveniences:'fine view:
south side of McAllister st.. near Broderick; will
be put in order to suit tenant. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st. _•
] £07 BT—INE&— LOWER FLAT FIVE MOD-
-____. em lar sunny rooms ; 'bath.
D~ PPERFLAT-4 RCOMS AND RATH. 1550
Folsom st.
GQlj UPPER FLAT; 8 LARGE SUNNY
\s>k)\J. rooms and bath. 625y Larkin st.
fijlQ NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 5 LIGHT
i4JXU.rojms;bath:gas:tubs. 909Folsom,nr.Fiflh.
"V" KWI'LAT: 7 ROOMS. 734 FOURTEENTH
■-' St.. bet. Sanchez and Market.
9ft FINE UPPER FLAT 8 UO!»MS AND
<IT^V. bath. 1029 Valencia, near Twenty-first.
I^LKOANT KUT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
xj all latest improvements. 713% Grove st.
X BOW IK AYE—BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3
<-> rooms: cheap rent. '
4 ROOMS $12; 4 ROOMS,SIS; 7 ROOMS, $25.
T: Apply 519V 3 Oak st.
Qil 1> 16 KLLIOT PARK, OFF STEINER
t;pXO. St., nenr Geary; lower floor 3 large sunny
rooms, yard and cellar! Inquire 1911 G«ary si.
>< I Q FLAT 5 BOOMS, BATH; STABLE. 375
♦IP-HJ. Shotwell st.. near Kighteenth.
99 XA SUNNY FLAT: 3 ROOMS; YARD;
—^j.fJKJ, basement. 812 Ellis st.
I^EW stepsHFroSiT-ity HALL; elegant
X flat; 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
99^0 B SUNNY ROOMS; BATH ; 2 SETS
W—'-jUKJ. double parlors. 11.75I 1 . 75 Mission St., nr.
' Fourteenth. •
"1 FLAT; 5 ROOMS; $14. 812y 2 KSSIE, NR.
X Ninth: key at grocery.
SUNNY - \\ IN !10 W "FLAT, 6 ROOMS
0 and bath; latest improvements; $20. 511
Greenwich.
Q^AND-$7 — 3 ROOMS EACH; WATER;
<pU yards separate; Kirn aye. 1618 O. G. aye.
n7 PERRY, NEAR THIRD— BAY-WlN-
.__ • dow middle flat, 5 large sunny rooms: bath.
OUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH; FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden; $16. 17U6 Post st.
XTEW SUNNY FLAT-, 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
-^> was $20. now $13 50: Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 508 California st.
PLAJ) HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
"^t— ■ of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
pOZY FLATS: SUNNY. NICE LOCATION;
\J 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover.pl., off Sacra-
mento, below- Mason. Apply 320 sansome, rm. 4.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st.; rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
agents. ■
ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
x> contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *,
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
XJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS -THlf
- V IVEKKI.Y' CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOI'SIiKKEPIM} KOO3IS.
Huslx Street.
797 BUSH— PLEASANT BOOMS, EN SUITE
t — ■ I and single; light housekeeping.
California Street.
"*QI (\ CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED SUNNY
l-'IU rooms; marine view: single, en suite,
housekeeping; two blocks from Kearny st.
Kddy Place.
QOQ T-Dr>Y — FUHMSIIKD jROOMS FOR
000 housekeeping; rent reasonable.
Eighth Street. !
n| EIGHTH— COMPLETELY FURNISHED
"X alcove suite for housekeeping, for sale, $12.'
Call at room 1. after sp. m. '
Ellis Street.
£QQ ELLIS. COR. LARKIN— 2 SUNNY BAY-
\JOtJ window rooms, kitchen, bath, etc. ....::-,. ; '
-IA9QELLIS— 4 NICELY FURNISHED
■ X\J£O rooms for housekeeping; piano; no chil-
dren. Call after 1 o'clock. :
Fifth Street.
Q99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS. FURNISHED FOE
• )__. housekeeping; rent $9.
OOC FIFTH— 3 FURNISHEDHOUSEKEEP-
iJ-U ing, fl3; a single, $5. :
Fourth street.
OA7;FOUBTH— SUNNY FURNISHED FROKT
O\J I room for housekeeping; $10 per month.
Guerrero Street.
9Q GUERRERO — SUNNY FURNISHED
—O room and kitchen; private house; close to
Marker-st. cars; no children; rent very moderate.
Apply to 1. • ■ __^
, Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
— - O housekeeping. • •■ . ••■.-*'.
Harrison. Street.
FOUR FURNTSHED OR UNFURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping ■in private family
where there are no children: separate entrances.
Apply 822 Harrison. Cottage reasonable. •
Hermann Street.
9?: HERMANN, NR. VALENCIA-2 LARGE
— O rooms, with use of kitchen; nicely furnished.
boward . Street.
Cr 1 1 HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
>JOl:i for housekeeping; cheap; tirst floor.
7^9 HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 *±Zi *ed housekeeping rms; $7 mo; single Si aw.
-1 -I Ql HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING AND
J xx O2 all kirn's of room for nothing.
-1 QAQI HOWARD — ELEGANT BaY-WIN-
IJm\JO2 dowsuite;nseofkltchen;sls;slnglerms.
Larkin ; , Street.
/\nn LARKIN — NICE L V FURNISHED
■a._iL/ suites: single: housekeeping; bath; gas.
BlcAUister Street.
AA 7 MCALLISTER— 2 S MALL BACK
■tri 1 rooms; furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; »8.-. ■>■■•. ' ■■■.• ' ■■•';.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FOR COUPLE.
1131 McAllister st.
Minna Street.
Q7l MTNNA, NEAR FIFTH— LIGHTHOUSE.
0 I X keeping; large, sunny room: stove, closets;
private family. ]
XAG MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
UttD bonsekeeplng; large yard.
FLAG MINNA ST.— 2, NICELY FURNISHED,
OtO sunny housekeeping rooms. . •
3lii>sion Mieet.
QCI MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
t/Dx also single, housekeepingrooms; reasonable.
1I OC MISSION— ROOMS. HOI'SEKEEP-
XIZO ing, 15. 1055 Mission— Front parlors;
housekeeping; cheap.' ' . - ' "* ■
Pierce Street.
Ol Q PIERCE — NEATLY FURNISHED
Oli front suite, suitable light housekeeping,
with use of piano, parlor and bath; private family.
_____ Kiatll Street.
77 NINTH— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
' • ing rooms; $16 to $20. ' -
Kuss Street. ..
91 RUSS- LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
— ' 1- front room; light housekeeping.
Mxth Street.
"I 91 SIXTH-CHEAPEST IS CITY; COZY
1— 1 itek»eptng roome. ■ ' : ■■■
9 1 1; 1 «IXTH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
***-\J* room, with kitchen: reasonable.
South P-rJt.
48 UTH I'ai:k-"parlor FLOOR, suit-
Zhl^itor light housekeeping. : :
Taylor Street.
129 TAYLOR -* SUNNY unfurnished
xa^ rooms, W jth bath; no children.- '..- ' '' '
Tehama Street. '
■*448 room AJ £. A r :L "AR«B BUNNY FRONT
forho a sek£ P in£ CheD ' weU ""-nished ; complete
Twelfth Street; " .' ' ' '
I 145 f l un I kheri TJf ' COR - HOWARD-SUNNY
: J- -M.U iur;iished rooms for housekeeping. 4 ■
HOTTBEKEEPINO ROOMS — ContiniaedV
■ T-wenty-Second Street.
790 twenty-second, NEAR VALENCIA
• ■— O —2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms for light
housekeeping , : ■ . -• :
"Washington Street.."
P.rj9 WASH ISG'FoX- SUNNY ' UNFUR-
; fJxJmJ- nished housekeeping rms.; running water.
; .]} KOOBIS TO LEX.
* California Street. '.
1 A.l Q CALIFORNIA— THREE SUNNY FUR-
xtrx jj nished or unfurnished rooms; moderate, r
■■ I.'ecatur Street.
9?; i DECATUR— S . ROOMS. INQUIRE 17
— <->3 Bryant aye.', near Eighth, off.Bryant.
— . — . — . ;
 , i.iidy Scieet. .
"I "1 Q EDDY— FURNITURE; CLEAN
HO beds; sunny rooms: $5 up; front, $8.
" J ij;t>th I Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOU&E, 28 BTH
0 st.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.:
, Ellis Street. . v,-"
THK RAMONA, 130 ELLTS ST.. SAN FRAN-
x cisco, .MRS. KATE S. HART, manager—
opened; . a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house; containing 50 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, '•■ hot and cold running, water in each
room; elevator and fire escapes; situate conven-
ient to the business center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door.
/I9n ELLIS— LARGE bUNNY ALCOVE
T:._V/ suite; single rooms. > • ■-'
.....Z-.r- Everett Street.
i C EVERETT-FURNISHED ROOMS, $1,
■±t> $1 25 and $1 50; housekeeping. $2 50 perwk.
.Fifth Street.
9m FTFTH (CHANGED HANDS)— NICELY
_,U*> furnished rooms: single suites: also hkpg.
tieary ftitreet. K'.V?-".j
791 HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
1 —J. large and small sunny rooms; reasonable.
11A1 GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
JLJLUJ Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast if desired. ?
llaipht Street.
99fk HAIGHT - SUNNY UNFURNISHED
— —A' rooms.
Hayes Street.
707 HAVES-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
101 front room : private family ; gentlemen.
i.uuurii Street.'
"I 9Q7A HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
J-.— O front suite or single: no children.
'Jackson Street.
-1 fiO9 JACKSON. NEAR POWELL— SUNNY
lUU-- front rooms; $5 month each.
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
\ sunny rm; every convenience; private: $12.
9f17 JONES— THE VAN • WINKLE: NEW
— \J I management: elegant sunny snites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30. ;
4-1 r JONES— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
*:iJL»J single and en suite; terms reasonable.
Kearny Street.
* RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKA9-
A. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clou
in every respect; terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
Qf\l LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
OUi: room, kitchen, $9; double rooms, $7 and $8.
. Olarket Street.
TTiLEGANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
ELEGANT 850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
rooms at 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
■VTOSEMITE HOOSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night. 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Ma-<iu Street.
Q9ft MAPON— OR 4 FURNISHED OR UN-
O_U furnished rooms; kitchen; bath; yard.
Minna >treet. >?£,""£
(KCKI MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rms. ; $1 wk. ; transient.
* illusion Mreet.
"PI'KOPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
Jlj furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 99Q MISSION— 2 OR 3 SUNNY UNFUR-
i-"— O nished rooms and bath.
Fine Street.
PINE, NR. STOCKTON— NEWLY FUR-
O-L i. nished rooms for gentlemen: quiet house.
Fost Street.
'/)Q POST— NICE, SUNNY, FURNISHED
O\JO rooms: suites or single; $2 up. . ? -
POST— SUSS Y FMONT ROOM NICE-
— «J— U ly furnished; references. ~
aixth Street.
Qa SIXTH, NEAR NICELY FUR-
»/ nished front sunny suite.
'-.•*■.. Stockton Street..
Ql Z.l STOCKTON— I, 2 OR 3 BOOMS FROM
010-2 $1 a week to SI 50. ■. , ■
Sutter street. .'/
1 9fi I 1 BUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
-»-— ■vf±2 room; bath and gas; $8.
1 90^ SUTTER— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
xZ.\JO furnished or unfurnished; new flat.
Third Street.
TyiNCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD, NEAR
w" Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; si 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room; reading r"m : tree bus.
Turk Street.
Q"! Q TURK»-FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
OLU nished front rooms.
QQQ TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
000 rooms; suites or single or housekeeping.
Miscellaneous. ' -
TTIULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY nALL— FUR-
J nlsbed rooms, single and suites: $8 and $16; up.'
BOAKDIMI A.M» KOOMS.
'TQo'IIAHJHT— SUNN V FRONT^RQOMS'IN
1 O^i private family, wfth or without board.
1 Aid OCTA VIA— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
X^rxxJ alcove suit, with board: also single rooms.
1 1 f\ TURK— REMODELED— NEWLY FURN-
-L.LUished suites and single; first-class table board
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR-
— passed for neatness and comfort; - 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel.' GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'B HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
XL new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 UUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
ern conveniences. '•'•■*. ' ' ■
CtfJLJDKKN BUAKO£D.
"VroUNG MARRIED LADY WITHOUT CHIL;
x dren would like a child, not under 5 years, to
board; good borne. C. C, box 3, Call Office.
pHILDREN BOARDED: MOTHER'S CARE;
\-> refeience: terms reasonable. 1132 Shot well st.
storks TO LET. "
STORE ROOMS^ CHEaF^RENT*.
328 Seventh st. '
0M r\ STORE AND 3 ROOMS. . 3134 SIX-
ypXtJ. teenth st., near Valencia. • :
4^l /\KEARNY-LARGE AIRY STORE AND
j:J-'J fine offices; liberal inducements.
AIR FOURTH— STORE, ROOM
rzx\J in rear; rent low. • Apply ' to G. •H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery nt. .
OFFICES TO LET.
QPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. App'.v at build-
inß or G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
TO WATCHMAKER.. OR JEWELER, ETC.—
pan of front orHce: light and cheap. 121 Post
St., room. 8, over O'Connor, Moffatt «fc Co. > ■
ENTIST'S OFFICE; SPLENDID CENTRAL
location. 102 Sixth st.
EASTERBROOK BUILDING, 20 • AND 24
Geary et.; very central; modern offices; ele-
vator; electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32. .
STABLES TO LKT.
STABLE OR BTALLS TO LET— COVERED
yard. 315 Franklin »t. " ■■■■■•'
PKOFOSALS.
PROPOSALS Folßr^MP^6^ r iKME3?rS~'iAT
X. scnoolhouses— Sealed proposals will be received
by ihe Superintendent of Common Schools, In
open session of the Board of Kducation, new City
Hall, on Wednesday, March 25, 1896, at 8:30 p.m.,
for the construction of water-closets, outbuildings
and bulkhead at the Longfellow Primary and Rin-
con Grammar schools, at the Denmari Grammar
Scbool and at the Cooper Primary School, in the
City and County of San Francisco,' In accordance
with plans and ;. specifications .at - the « office of
Charles I. Havens, architect of the boardj room 55,
Flood building. corner Fourth and Market sts. .
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public good may require.
• -GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
SEWING MACHINES. '
A 1.1 KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED;
J\. rented, repaired: lowest rates.' 205 Fourth st.
_. BICICLES.
t> A R X • C YCLEBT— N EWW HE EL^T7f_KT7
X best accommodations. Terminu* Gmtjt, _•>
▲lUster and Powell si. car lines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
— 1 PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
UPRIGHT . PIANO AT : GREAT SACRI-
flce.- Call at 522 Sutter St. / ; . - : -^ ; €r ;
■pLEGANT NEW UPRIGHT PIANO STORED
-Li by Eastern manufacturer ordered sold at cost
price. Room 10, Flood buUding. ; ■ : « 1
WIDOW FORCED -TO REMOVE * TO NEW
" York offers new Wheelock upright the price
of transportation. . Room 21, 809 Market st. ;j , I
CTEINWAY, SACRIFICED- BY PRIVATE
O party, can be seen at room 21, 809 Market st. - .
(S F*( \ ' UPRIGHT - PIANO; A LSO A NICE
i&yyj. square, $40; bargains, ail Larkin st. ■
A SHAW, $425: 2 STEINWAYS, 8215, $195:
XI. Sommer, *185; squares, $25, $65: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. ,
C« X(\ GOOD ROSEWOOD PIANO FOR SALE
<j£>U\J. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworta st.
JJJ X MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS: 3 NEW
*iD<J beautiful first-class maKe unrights left as a
pledge at half cost piice. 418 Ellis st., room 31:.' «
ELE BRATEp HAINES BROS., BUSH «fc
/Gerts Knabe p anos; « being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next days.
A. L. Bancroft & CO.. 324 Post st., B. f. :
ARRIVKD— OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-ta. grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth St.;
(JJjQA PIANO:FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
tJpt/U. 16 McAUlster St., next Hibernia Bank. .
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. . :..,:..-..
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
in San Francisco. - J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market s;., Spreckels building.
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A,
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Paciflc Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutterßts. ■ .. •;- ■ • ■ / rv -
\\! M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
'» first floor; sole agents Halletifc Davis Pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash o*r Installments. V : .
9fi (\f\(\ SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. 3TAT-.
ZiU.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st-
STEINWAY, $165; WEBErt, $260; SMALL
O upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
A GOOD SQUARE, *40; A FINE SQUARE,S»O;
.a fine uprlgb\'*l2s. Call soon. '
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
riONOVER PIANO; AS UOOD AS NEW:
\J great sacrifice. • The F. W. SPENCEIt COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
pHICKEHING, KNABE, STECK. VOSE, STER-
vj ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrelt.
;< Bil nr CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«Jp i- 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
ECKER BROS., STEIN WAY, FISCHER
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEU &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS PRICES. KOHLER <fc
CHASE. . ' ■ ■
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— ROHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR violins, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
KJ $237; Wily, f125; squares, $35 »nd $55.
HETNK. 410 Post st.
tl> I CATIUi\ A_. "
cu^oiT<3^pu}QsicAlT^mjfvßE^laXs
O ooened for ladies and children in the spacious
building 1017 Hyde St., near alifornia, by PRO-
FESSOR JOHN SCHKNK, the well-known physi-
cal instructor; corrective and curative gymnastics;
evening classes for ladies, Mondays and Thurs-
days, 7:30 to 9:30 p.m.; morning classes, Tues-
days and Fridays. 9:30 to 11:30 a. m.; girls' classes,
Mondays and Thursdays, from 3:30 to 5 p.m.;
boys from 6 to 12 years, Wednesdays and Satur-
days, 3:30 to 5 p. m. Tuition: Ladies, .sl: per
mouth, 2 lessons weekly: children, 50c per month.
VI RS. MELViLLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
-i'-L Sutter; teacher vocal music (Italian method),
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
QPaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
TTOICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
OSEPH UREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. . . '-
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-<r\. lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
cay and evening 325 Montgomery st. .
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF.
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
IT AR. MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth. 1
BANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 600 PER.LES-
son; music furnished. 125 Tenth st.
T^NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; PRIVATE
XJ or class; moderate. MIS 3 DILLON, 305 Larkin.
LOCUTION-DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE UOFF
SCUROEDKR. 299 Hyde st.; call after 1 p. it.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF.ACI'ING—
x> Private theatricals 'arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 72»Mkt. !
H~~~ EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST BT.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modeia
languages rapidly taught. - Write tor catalogue. • -
|UIGHTSCHOpL;UEALC"SiJL"S. C.< »LLEttE;24
X> Post: commercial, shorthand^ English; low ra'«f
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELIA), BANJO; REA-
soneble. PROF. FRANCIS, 10-15V 2 Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's Kchool. ror. Gearv and Powell sts. '
BI£I>IOAL.
NEW 'PROCESS^OJO MEDICINE,- INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female.troubles.no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure call on men's physician with reliable
knowledge. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. •
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief ,at
'anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPE-
cialist, still offers bis valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease. in the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to yonr delicate organism is beyond
his su.e control.. His female monthly remedies are
sure and safe in their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost mauhood are never failing in.
their action and warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure In all cases. -Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. . Direct all let*
ters to box 2275. •
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and ; diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make tbetn
well: travelers helped immediately; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. DR. & MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pill 3. $2 50.
T ADIES. CONSULT FKKE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
JU 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated .
"OEPUTABLE PHYSICIANWILL TAKE ONE
xXi lying-in patient at his residence; oue able to
pay. Doctor, box 140, Call Office. ;. -. . ;.
RS. ROSA KOMAROMY, GERMAN MlD-
wife; graduate in Budapest (Europe); can be
consulted in all cases: ladies will find a good home
at reasonable prices. 786V!j Harrison St., nr. Fourth.
miSSUE TABLETS a INCREASE YOUR
x weight 3 to 5 pounds a month; cures indiges-
t ion and • constipation: $1 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TER, 1170 Market st., San Francisco. ■ ,'
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
. diseases of women and restores aU . cases of Ir-
regularity in one day; cure, or no charge; separate
home for patients; best skill; ' medical attend-
nce: low fees; regulator, $_ 1370 Market si. ■
HOMETA FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alameda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
x\. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 expreug C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. ;
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
; Jones, Diseases of women and children. \ • ; :
T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA,
JU ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBEK'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
iormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole acrents. •
SURE CURE~FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, . from whatever . causa: a : home In . con-
finement with every ' comfort; satisfaction guar-
• ntred. by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
\j\ ks. DR. WEGENER ;. PRIVATE HOME in
iVJ confinement; irregularities cured 'in a. fevr
hours without operation: pills $2. 1 419 Eddy st. |
1"~F IRREGULAR OB ANY FEMAL— DISEASB.
see Mrs. Dr. Puetr and 'be content. 254^ 4ti^
~ . • TO lease. '. :'. ; .V;-;::-'. ; ' ..■
O^ETsE^i()xl^s7"ivwr^ NSEND
and • Clarence, near S. ,P. ; R. i R. ; depot;- will
arrange building to suit tenant. ,• • . V ...... -
In Santa Rosa— 2-story frame building, 96x70,
cor. Fourth; and A, on the main business street;
will arrange to suit tenant. . . -
In Woodslde, San Mateo County— Ranch of 200
acres, good and level land: new 7-room house. •
For particulars apply to L. ALTSCHUL, 320
Clay st. ■■•>-.-. : ...w-- f .-:-,..--^.> J r-» ■■;■». : y .y.-.
TIO SUITABLE FOR MILK RANCH: ,
barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; batb. > 1613
Market st. . ■ » ■■ ■■■ - - . .
PHYSICIANS. I '•'< ■■■''; ■■ ;-: ■;
R"^M^^D^DR7c77T^6 r D6N3?E^^fo^2o6
XX ■ Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. ■ ■
R.A.dkLUCIS,PHYSICN-SURGEON,ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
V ALAUEDA HOI Si TO LET.
HOUSE; 10 "ROOMS; FI NE^LOCATIOnI
reasonable. ..Apply rm. 45, Bt. A nn's bldg. B.K.
ALAMEDA ;RO QMS ;TO LET. ' :
FOR RENT— A HANDSOME; SUNNY SUITE,'
with kitchen. For further particulars, address
Sunny, box 137, Call Office. ;^ " ' ; v ' .
'■ ' :v '■*** ' '* : PKRSONALS. ■ . v ■'- ' V
jiwoiTN~LAWRENCE WILL SEND HIS AD-
X dress to the home he left in San Francisco Octo-
ber 12, 1895, he will get an answer to the message
he sent to England. . -.r 7 "": ?..:.'. V- 'I--.'. i.^.v : " •/?■-*
ANTED-BY' SMALL FAMILY.'To TAKE
care of house or private place while 1 owner ts
away; best city references. Address S.F., box 108,
Call. -..-'/ ■ . ■' * •- .'•■ ■- -•:■-- ■■•/■-■ ■: ■■■■•,
\\TAN TED-RESPECTABLE PHYSICIAN AS
»T partner, with office in city, to handle 1 best
asthma and catarrh cure in the world ; best ot ref-
erences. Address R. P., box 108, Call. . ; , f > : . : ;
PRING OPENING-PATTE BN ■ HATS AND
10 bonnets. Thursday I and Friday, March 19 and
20; reasonable prices. t: MRS. B. THOMAS, 114
Grant aye. ;. no cards. , -. . \ . •
• NNULMENT of \ marriage - and di-
A vorce; legal everywhere. P. O. box 2263. '
SPRING OPENING TO-DAY OF ELEGANT
0 pattern hats and tine • millinery at wonderful
cheap prices. SAHLEIN'S Bou Ton millinery, 133
Kearny st. ' ;' : .-' :'. : "" " . •'.".'■■ ' ■. '. . '"■ ~V" '.<■ " '.-.. ' . .
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS . A SPE-
clalty; private: no charse unless successful; all .
law suits, claims, collections, wills, 7 deeds; etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
ffIRADKSMAN IN GOOD • CIRCUMSTANCES
X desires to correspond with lady matrimonially
Inclined, of gentle and loving disposition. Address
Home, box 31, Call Office. . ' - -i ,
AL. CRANE ESQ. WILL LKCTURE AT
J\.'m. Partington's School of Illustration, 424 Pine
St., on Friday evening, 20th inst., on "Engraving,
Past and Present." • ■ •■:'-.- : v-
T ADIES : DISLIKE BEING TOLD "EXTRA
'JU for waving and face-enameling" when they go
to get their hair dressed:! don't do that; mv price
of 25c includes all: switches 75c > and Jjl. ' G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. . ■
"DIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
x> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT
' to new gold mines. Cook's Inlet; Alaska, apply
to C. D. LADD, 9 Third St., city. ' ; ■■
POLITICAL— BE AMERICAN PATRIOTS:
X read the greatest and best silver (bimetallic)
paper, illustrated weekly. "The Silver . Knight and
National Watchman," edited by Senator Stewart:
published Washington City; Congressional
speeches, and many able articles on money; gold,
silver and greenbacks; $1 annually; >■ sample
copies: subscribe through agent, .CHARLES
BLACKBURN, International Hotel, city.
AR COMMENCES;. HOT-HOUSE ROSES
25c and 36c doz. ; California violets, 10c bunch ;
carnations, 25c doz. ; also all flowers at low flg-
ures.- DOMENIO «fc CO., 338 Sutterst. :
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
law, damage suits, insolvency. ■ Knight's Law
and Collection Office, 1001 Market St., SW. corner
Sixth st. ; •.'■•.:--. '■■
ATION AL BASE ORE REDUCTION COM-
XS pany's stock for sale. Apply in person to R. T.
8LA1K1E.1365 Sixteenth st., West Oakland.
IIinnGABDS, $1 50; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
X V\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
JB. L. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER-
. ,fui; triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. R. JACKS, agent, 214 Braunan.
T ADIES" r COLORING GUARANTEED;
JU superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. . MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
IfOR FINE POULTRY AND GAMK GO TO A.
1 BTRABSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X nnd Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY ; GRIND-
ing new edge on razor, 25c; razor concaved,
50c: razor honing and setting; 25c; flrst-class
work. Razor Exchange, 630 Market 8L
"OEMOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
XX O'Farrell. Telephone, Bush 21. ; .
■ O*l A KOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
tjp X floor. 206 Leavenworth st. ' :
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operatlva
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
ADDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
Jt\. ■ become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F. ' ■
,L>OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant, aye. and Sutterst.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
SU chester House, 44 Third st.; near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to ftfper
week: free bns to and from the ferry. ...
T IBEIiAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st. , >
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factor?, 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADLE*"
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st. , •
PK-HHH-AJUCHS. ._
"TvRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 850 AND UP.
XJ 515% Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
JI(iM-.» TO LOA>.
T OANS^ON RE AL ESTATE: IST 2ND
XJ mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
18TA2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtates;lowest rates delay .MURPH V.628 Mrkt.
<BiPkfin t\f\(\ ONKEAti ifiST ATE: LOWEST
<jft*JUU,Um/rates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
IST&2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON FURNITURE
X& pianos; no removal. 240 Montgomery st., r. IS.
429firt ddd MODERATE . RATES OF IN-
j^^i\J\J.\)\J\f. terest. Rm 214, 328 Montgmy.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDSJJEWELRY.ETC
__ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. •
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
XJ Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts. : j
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office, .
1106Marketst..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT; FROM. US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate oflice rm. 68, Donohoe build 1170 Market sc'
AKLAND LOANS . ON REAL ESTATE
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of Interest. : HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland. ■
PAWNBROKERS.
T 'l26 i KEARNY^ BtT;^r66m~9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates; p.-i-
-vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sal i cheap. -
.' FINANCIAL. ".' ' ■■'.:■■- :
©Tnn'7Ti ; HT T o~T2>A?r~o'>^
«3PXUU."UU ance policies; Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
; STORAGE; ~~*
A^^MrT^H^F^Rl^iTuilE^C^TTsTEllLis;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
m H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION-STORAGE AT
■ J- .reduced rates; basement storage,sl 60 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN «fc CO., 751 and 753 Market st.
A PPLYFOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
tnre, etc. SHIRKK & SHIREK, 747 Market.,
STORAGE OFFURNITURE, PIANOS.HOUSB-
O bold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
___£_K__ low rates: telephone South 762. ';
....,„..-.■ . LBGAL AUTICDS.
I"ST^fllE^S^?P^R^?o^^O^R^O^^H^iT J ATE
of California in and for the City and County of
Ban Francisco. : Department No. 10. ■ : -
In the matter Of the application for. voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice . ot : bearing. No.
13.948. : ■■■'..: ■ • ,■■:■■-..'■. >.■ --■ ■;•»•- ;
Notice Is hereby given that The San Ysldro In-
vestment Company, a corporation - formed 1 under
the laws of tbe State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California in
and for the City and County of < San Francisco an
application praying 'to be dissolved, and . that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the.
hour of 10 o'clock a. »t. of that duy, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be beard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall,' San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be beard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set mv hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. • : -
[Seal.J »>;:-. C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-ofHclo Deputy Cleric
of the Superior Court. v ' ■' ;
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney ; for Peti-
tioners. ■■- ■ir P.'-*. ■..■■■..■.■;.. .-.;,,;.>.;• \. -■
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
X of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. :, Department No. 10. • r:
- In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution I or ' "The Dlnsmore Water . Com pany"
(a corporation). . Notice of bearing. No. 13,949, .: %
Notice is hereby given that The Dlnsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed I under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court ot tbe State of California in j and for the
City and County of San ■■ Francisco - an application
praying to De dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896; at ( the - hour of 10 o'clock
a. it. of that duy, or as soon thereafter |as counsel
can be heard; and the Courtroom of Department No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San. Francisco, in the new City Hall,
San Francisco, Col., are appointed as the time
and place at which said application ( will be heard.
i In witness whereof lhave hereunto set my hand
and affixed * the ' seal - of ■: said "■: Superior Court this •
12th day of March, 1896. - .--::: .•
[Seal.] - -• C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
-.:■■..: -; .: . :By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, C
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officio Deputy Clerk
of the superior Court. . --;,--
• DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney ; forPetl-
tioners. .-1---'^ v-t.- w -,.'■■■■-'■. ■■ - :_ .....-> .■ . •
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGI!. -
tYtnimp^ovedTlo^Tor^wu^t^yTpropw
. LJ erty wanted in I exchange for - Murket-st. lodg-
Ing-house; will pay difference... J. C, box 15, CalL
.I>>QA ACRES. TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
X— Ovwater; tine for cattle-raiaing. N.,bx.16,Ca1l
TO EXCHANGE— S4OOO;' 4O-ROOM LODGING^
X - house, centrally located *in | Oakland, clears
$100 per month, for ranch or bouse and lot. J. H.
EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland. - .
- ,' . CITYREAi; ESTATE. "' . :
H. UMBSEN CO. i T _"{ '/" ;"' :'. ■' •- .'
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLIjECTOBS
'' • ' AND AUCTIONEERS. \ ' : ~- •'■''•
Office and Salesroom,
14 Montgomery St., near Market. )
I Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
paruof the city, r : ..• >• ? •. :, t ", ■ ■ '■:'. \ i-
SEE OUR AUCTION AD IN ANOTHER
COLUMN.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES AT PRIVATE
SALE. BARGAINS. . , . '
BARGAIN INVESTMENT ON FELL ST. /? ■" .
OJ-QOAA TWO 2-STORY '•"} BAY-WINDOW
HfO&\J\J. houses of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each: room for another building; lot 65x137:6;
rent $60; street accepted. , ; ; " ■
BUSINxESS CORNER 3 BLOCKS FROM MAR-
y - KET STREET.- •
Q'QO AAA IMPROVEMENTS AND LOT
tJpO^.l/UU. 37:6x87:6.
MISSION FLATS. ' y" '^ . : r '" -/ -
QQI AA" JERSEY ST.;' 2 SUBSTANTIAL
<JpOJ UU. flats; brick foundation, etc. ; rents 27;
lot 25x114. - -■■-. ■ ■ ' /
RICHMOND BUSINESS CORNER.
97 A STORK BUILDING 3 ROOMS;
«fl).£ I OU. lot 32:6x100. ?'- ' * .■•.-—.•••-■■-;..
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE. .
<Di OGfifi : NICE BAY WINDOW COTTAGE OF
<JPOUUU. 6 .rooms - and bath: conservatory:
stone walks; brick foundation,' etc.; commands
grand unobstructed marine views. . : :
CLEMENTINA "STRKET INVESTMENT.
CJ/IAAA CLEMENTINA ST., NEAR FIFTH;
jtUUU. 4 flats; brick foundation; rent $44;
lot 26x75. .•■ ■•-.•- - " • ■.•■•">'.:
BARGAIN. NEAR RIDLEY AND STEINER.
A^\(\l\ THREE NICE FLATS OF 6, 5 AND
tlpttUUl/. 5 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion, etc.; rent $44; lot 25x100. : ' .
INVESTMENT ON CHATTANOOGA ST. ''-''■
ft^AA a COTTAGES OF 4 ROOMS AND
«Ip"d:OUU. bath each: bay-windows: brick foun-
dation, etc.; rent $32; lot 32:6x117:6 to an alley.
3 ELEGANT FLATS ON O'FARRELL ST.
flfclzl AAA 3 NEW MODERN FLATS OF 7,
«3Pxtt.UUU. 8 and 8 rooms and bath each ; bay-
windows; brick foundation; rent $127 60; lot
27:6x94:6. - ' -. ■..-■.
PARK FLATS.
OJ;7AA/| 2 ELEGANT NEW MODERN BAY-
rJP I \J\J\J. window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each; bay-windows; brick foundation; stone
walks; rent $45: lot 25x100. > ■
/ G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. ■;
/^'FARRELIi <t CO.. • . '
\J REALESTATE AGENTS. HOUSEBBOKERS
1 • ANDAUCTIONEKRS, ;
: 11 MONTGOMERY ST.
dfcCAAA WEBSTER STREET: PACIFIC
i^nJ\J\J\J. Heights; magnificent view ;' nearly
new 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath; worth'
$8000: sold at this low figure to make immediate
sale; close to Paclfic-ave. . cable and Fillmore-st.
• electric-cars." . - ' ;.-'- - ''. '■■ .-:■;■ :."^'r-^^.-y;.; -«
fl> QA A A JACKSON - ST. CORNER, PRE-
fJpOUUU. sidio Heights; aold to close an estate;
make an offer. y ' ■ ■ '. •
©9A^A A BIG BARGAIN: DEVISADERO
«Jp<iiU«JU. St., near Waller; fine view; lot 25x
116; short walk from the Haigbt-st. cable-cars.
<2iO£n.n COTTAGE ON POST ST.: 4 ROOMS:
tS>^-O\J\J. lot 25x137:6;. street paved and ac>
cepted.
<JCzl9^A BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTER
*U>rtZiO\J .' and California st. cable-cars: ' resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
<C7^AA REDUCED FROM $10,000; TURK
«ID i OVJ\J. gt., near Van Ness aye.; lot 27:6 x
120 to rear street; both streets paved and accepted ;
2-story house, used for business purposes: rent $40
month; tenant will pay increased rental tor a
lease, make his own repairs and pay the water bill.
<B»QCn/y SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR DE-
«JPOUUU. vlsadero: cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; worth $5000; street paved and accepted.'
ffIJ^AAA cheapest piece OF PROP-
*JPcIUv/V/. erty in the market; nearly new two-
story residence on the north side of Oak si., near
Scott; contains 7 rooms and bath and high base-
ment: street bitumliiized and accepted by the
city; if you are looking for a cheap home near
Golden Gate Park, be sure to see this place.
mhe DEMAND CONTINUES and SO DOES
I THE SUPPLY.
I The brisk manner in which lots are being sold
and bouses are being built on our subdivision of
the Academy Tract is in itself the best guarantee
of its popnlarity and the appreciation people show
when a good tning is offered. • .... r
- \ With to-day we place our • entire reserve, consist-
ing of some of the choicest lots contained in the
tract (some of which have never been offered be-
fore) on the market. ' . • . ■
It will be a case of first come first served.
The prices remain tbe same, $375 to $500 in $10
monthly payments. '• * "
Lots are level and ready to build on.
Come see them to-day. .
We have a branch office on the property.
Take the Mlssion-st, electric cars; ride to Fran-
cis St.; our representative will meet you and be
pleased to furnish further Information. ■ *
. . u'r AIIRKLL & CO., 11 Montgomery st. ■
IN HOME LOTS WE OFFER THE MOST DE-
sirable ever placed on the market at the
prices asked. . ... ■ . ... .. ■
We ha six level lots commanding a beautiful
view at $176 each. ■■'"■•■• "■■■-■• "-• v- .
FOUR LOTS AT $200 EACH.
•**-:. TWO AT $300 EACH. :
These are onr special offering for to-day. * All
areaajaceut to car lino and ready to build on.
O'FARRELL CO.,
II Montgomery st., or at our branch office, Mission
and Chinaave. .
IN THE SAME LOCALITY, $4000. 7
A farm right In the city; a beautiful place,
consisting of 12 ' full-sized lots, surrounded by a
beautiful hedge of box cypress; nearly 100 full-
bearlng fruit trees, very fine garden, chicken-
house and yards for 600 chickens, stable and car-
riage-house; also neat cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment, all in first-class condition. , •
Is level and only a few feet from tbe cars; part
Cash.  \.'.'-.'' ■; . . .... ■■ . ■ ,: -' ■
Is reached by the Mission-street electric cars; 28
minutes from City Hall. :% .- . -
. . O'FARRELL & CO.,
11 Montgomery -st., or at our branch office, Mission
and China aye. •■ •• < ,
mHE ATTENTION OF HOME-SEEKERS IS
1 CALLED TO THE CASTRO-ST. ADDITION.
Situated on 'the Gnerrcro-st, Electric Road: 30
• minutes' ride from the business portion of the city;
lots only $350 to $400; terms only $6 cash and $5
monthly; all streets graded, sewered and macad-
amized; water mains laid: many- of tbe lots re-
quire io grading; we have sold 126 lots in the last
4 months; a number of pretty homes have been
built; go to-day and see these lots: take Mission or
Valencla-st. cars, transfer at Fourteenth st. to
Guerrero-st. Electric Road and ride to Castro and
Cheuery; agent on ground daily, Including Sun-
days. • '■-.--•;.••—. -.■■■_:.- ■-.-■ ..', -■,- ; :.;.-j - ■■ :
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
<2i 1 9PkA BIG BARGAIN! BTEVENBON*St7
tJpl«£c)U. near 12th: 3 blocks from City Hall;
2-story house, 8 rooms: stable for 3 horses; i lot
24x89; • 500 cash, balance on > time. BALDWIN
& HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
(BjjrO^A 3 BAY-WINDOW FLATS .NEAR
is)*sAO\J. Folsom-st. boulevard and Mechanics'
Pavilion site: rents . for $63; ;• a bargain. jG. W.
ARMBRUSTER, 24 Montgomery st. .-. -,-. i
LOS ANGELES CITY LOTS; WILL EX-
change: W. B. LAKE, 69 Columbian building,
916 Market st. .■»■.-■.-■■.•■■,■■■'.■....-..-..- .-...-■-■ . :-.-;,>,,.
ALE EXCHANGE; $9000 ; 2 USIN ESS
corner on Suiter, with fine future: leased to one
■ tenant; $70 pcr 1 month; will exchange and pay
difference for $15,000 or $16,000 income prop-
erty north of Market st. Address I Exchange, box
78, Call Office.' - • : - ' ' ■ - .
FOR ELEGANT 12-ROOM " HOUSE,
■ done by day's work; , salou parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden ;
stone walks; view Golden Gate Park. 1 1917 Oak.
C. BEMIH, -'■■■' :...■•-,■:-■.- T*~~~- . ,-:■• ..
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTG'JMER ST.
. . FOR HALB> , '■-'.
120x196— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or In subdivisions. ' r
$11,000— Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 65x
187:6 feet.  . - . -
'■-■ $2600— E. - side ' of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. : ■-.; . •
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
-$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. , ><.%'-'.■ ■- •.; ■. v r.:>. t.-'
•■■■ $6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric r road passes houses;
make offer. .... .- . ■ '. •■:., - •
< $2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on | Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. ■■';■••:.-■ ■.. ■.
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. >oo and Castro: 25
xll4 feet. •■•■- •■ .. ■■'■:■.■•-_ .' v ' : .- P
- $8600— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lota north of park. . -.: -;
WO ELEGANT NEW PACIFIC HEIGHTS
Eastlake residences, situated on Gough, near
Broadway; contains 8 and 12 rooms and all mod-
ern convenieoces; ; street work all done; neighbor-
hood fir.it class; terms easy. Apply on premises,'
or at MADISUN & BURKES, 626 Market st. ' ■
ODKRN s 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; fiats
an I cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. L JAS. McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission st.
ffi»XAA CORNKR; 51x100; IN BERKELEY;
(JtIUU. on railroad; $10 monthly. ••■ • '
• $400— Comer;- 50x100, with creek. . ' v- ■
$1500— Corner 100x100; ; macadamized. '.
;; $IPOO— Corner; 100x100; $15 monthly.
$175— liOt 25x136; $10 down: $5 monthly. '
f . : CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. •:■'.
UST FINISHED; BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE 6
0 large rooms and ' spacious all ; interior decor-
ated throughout; porcelain tub; modern improve-
ments; : 2 ■ bay-windows; 2 marine a view; finished
basement; >* lot " 25xl2t>; - price only °. $2650; $25
monthly; 85 feet s of > 24th st. ; electric cars on
Homestead st., half block above Douglass. S. A.
BORN, owner and builder, 1243 24th st, nr. Castro.
"VTICE 6 ROOM, > BAY-WINDOW : COTTA
-IV and bath; brick foundation; high basement;
all modern | will Bell with or without ; furniture;
cheap: easy payments. * 1011 Capp st. V.t*~* ' :i/
1 11T ANTED— HOUSt-RENTJNG AND i CARE
of your 5 Oakland property; reference * First
National Bank. F. KINGS, real estate agent, 457
Ninth st., Oakland. -;■■.- J^.' • ■ ? ?;r f -'.
TF - YOU WANT jAf DESIRABLE HOME IN
1 Haywards address . F. B. HOOSAR, Haywards,
Cal.
_y_'_' - ' CITI BEAI. ESTATE . ...'■'_ ._'/.
. AW. SPECK CO., ' " " "-"'"-"t • : ' • *> : - : :"
J\.» -r*3- •.■.-;-: 602 MARKET STREET.
92200— L0t 26x120 ft. on Halght st.
$3000— Store aud 2 flats; rents 930; oaly.a few
■ ■■:-- blocks from the City Hall: must sell. ' : '
92000— Elegant' 'modern 8-room • cottage; ' select
location: $200 down. '-- • * - - >
93900— Elegant 9-room residence: vicinity Wash-
' and Broderick; make offer. , r :' i
9*9oo— Reduced from $5750; 3 fine flats; rents
:"■: : 947; 3 car lines. . ' : '
95000— a new modern flats near Larkin St.; rents
$50; 2 fronts: mortgage 94000.
5750— Worth 99000; splendid 10-room residence;
■ - : ' vicinity Bush and Webster. . ' '
96000— 3 flata; Bush St., noar Mason; rents $56.
$7000— Store and flats; lot 28x100 feet; near new
- r City Hall; rents 968. .. - - -
$8000— Geary st. ; stores and flats; rents $75; lot
io_ / ,i; 37:6x137:6 feet; $3000 cash down. • ;
98000— fine residence: near Suiter and Hyae. ,
♦9000— Choice North Beach property ; fronting on
,--■•-; 2 streets; 6 new flats; rents $75; offer
■ wanted. •-.-'.• <V- ; - . ■*.'.'/. • •-."■: . ■■.
912,000— Store and 6 flats on McAllister st. ; nearly
.'-„ new: rents $116. :- ■ " :.\ •
513,000— Splendid ousiuess property; Hayes St.;
"I- _ rents $123; lot 27:6x137:6 feet. ■
*13,000— Magnificent building; all flats: within 2
•V; LA« blocks of City Hall; rentssloo: frontages.
$15,500— Elegant mansion of 12 rooms on Pacific
'.... ~» aye. ; worth $25,000. '■:
$iJs,ooo— Business property on 3d St., near Market;
pays about per cent. ; ■
$52,000— Business properry; ; new building; near
: -o« Tivoll; rents $300 month. c\ v .>
$80,000— business property, with good im-
provements: within a block of the Baldwin;
„,,■ lot 58x75 ft.; always rented. :■■'-"/.-.
$110,000— Business property on Market St.; lot 50
onr "xl6sft.; 2 frontages; inside. "
$225,000— Business corner: lot 90x60 ft.; rents
.;; 92000 month: near Call Office.
- -' A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st.
COLJITKV KKAL. DSTAIi,.
©li nnfi will buy A SPLENDID busi-
yP-»-"x.VW nes« block, which brings $1500 in-
come per year and Is under a lease for six years.
' ; W. G. HAWLEY A CO.. - . ' : '
- 17 South First St., San Jose, Cal.
OR RENT— HOG, CHICKEN, : CATTLE OR
bee ranch. .: C. E. CARTER, 321 Ellis st. "
WANTED— PROPERTY^ FOR •: 160
acres between Stockton and Lodi: 20 acres
bearing almonds; balnnce alfalfa and grain: price,
$12,500. all clear. .'• SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
ORANGE LANDS. " "
RANGE LANDS.
» BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
: A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: it will cost
you ' unimproved $700, ■ planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
payments; no interest; the trees ulanted on this
property will begin bearing in about. 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. ■ 1 i;-' : . v ■-■.'.:,■■ .'"■■ ■■'.:'■-- -:v. j
- We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will . care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. '...;-•-,.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to ' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ . ! . 638 Market St., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. ■■-.- , .'.•■•:,■■. . . - -. . '".■-:..-
-ffljC BARGAINS. •
«JPV PER AChE; 600 ACRES STOCK AND
hay ranch; 80 acre* fenced; house, barn; timber
and running water; on two roads. •■•' •:
I $3 50 per acre — 160 acres well - located on main
road; house, barn; 75 acres fenced with pickets;
water and timber. W. L. FOSTER, real estate
agent, Kelsyville, Lake County, Cal. ■ •
<Sil 9 C\f\(\ A BEAUTIFUL HOME AND
«IP lii.uUu, fruit ranch at Mountain View,
Santa Clara County ; ' only 5 minutes' walk I from
station I and school; full bearing; complete equip-
ment for drying; all modern improvements; the
income is $2500 per year, sure; this is a place that
will stand investigation. WALTER A. CLARK,
Mountain View, Cal. •
ARIN' COUNTY— ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
< ' Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain • and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms : made
to suit; send for circular. ■ ■ ' ■ : ' '■ \.' ?
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. :.- ;
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE ;TO TOWN : IM-
J-J proved; - easy r terms; - also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER .<fc WHITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND keal JiSTATE.
avb-a'-homlb'.'^uil't^o'n'^y^rTown
plans: Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange Choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear; will assume some !
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. ■■■■- :, -:.' ':'■!>':
<Bt99nn JPRESENT^CASH VALUE! $3000:
tJP^^yUl/. in beautiful neighborhood; fine wide
street; ' all improvements accepted by the city:
cottage 5 rooms: bath; good£stable; commodious
grounds; terraced; above grade; convenient to
business center; half block to electric car; bank
mortgage $1600; balance at least $300 cash ; more
if possible: owner must sell; carriages at the Office.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
ffl»9A (\f\fl INCOME PROPERTY IN
<Jp,4l7. \J\J\r Omaha; will trade for large ranch.
See E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDAADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAill hI)A KKAi: , STA iK. i -
A^fr^NLT^WO^rjO^NTrß^LATfclp^iw
per month; house of 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x
125: 3y blocks to local; price $2950: worth
$4000; see it at once. WILLIAM P. TODD, 1008
Broadway, Oakland.
OR SALE— : ■ "* '
House S rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms. Grand St.; cottage 6. rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <& CO.,
638 Market St.,
ffilislfe- ' ' : . San Francisco, Cal.
mjOOfin. COTTAGE OF 5 ; ROOMS AND
tJP ZiOUU. bath; $2760,*ottageof 5 rooms and
bath : $3000, cottage of 6 rooms and batli; all
modern and convenient to trains; very small cosh
payments and easy install mentn. JO&EPH A.
LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alameda.
<S*A (\(\f\ LOVELY COTTAGE OF 6 LARGE
»s)lvuu.' rooms; Antone aye., one block
from Chestnut sU; lot 50x150: $2550; cottage, 5
rooms; flne location; $600 cash. J. H. YOUNG,
; 1243 Park st., Alameda. . : ■■• . >.•-.:
<3i 1 C\C\ TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
tip -I UU 6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with large
lot; 92400 to $3000: send' for Illustrated book of
. Alameda, - free. . Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. . : ' , ?■;,. - r ,:<.--.
OQAA .AN ELEGANT, NEW COTTAGE;
<B).4dvsU. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cashl $20 per month— No. 732. ; .
$1750— Cottage; 5 rooms ' and bath; $20 per
month : a snap— No. 736. *■■ ' ■; r . --■_
$2000— New cottage; - 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $160 cash, $20 per month— 739. .
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner;
94x115; ' street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make « building lots. : -
- 98000— New modern cottage: - near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698. • <
9950— iy ■ acres land on Bakers ; aye. ; worth
$1700; one-half cash. ' v - -
.• Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. 11. P. MOREAL <fe CO., 1432 Park st.
'.■.... . : BKKK KLBY ;•; Kii Ai^ .■:- ESTATE. ;/ ; T ' :
G?~MAY & '60.,: be : al "estate and"
. I Building. 2123 Center St., Berkeley. :
H, HOW BEAUTIFUL!: TREES IN BLOS-
som; so near the university; near the electric-
cars and railroad; cottage of 7 rooms; : lot 50x135
and a corner. Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley station. - .-. ■■■ ■ ; ;, ' • : . .' ■-
, JOSEPH J. MASON. REAL ESTATE AND
t) Insurance, removed to Berkeley station. -' " '
UTKSI SHU'IMXi IMTJKI.I.IUi£MUIfi.'J
Arrived.
TUESDAY, March 17.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkham, 4 days from
Coinox; 3700 tons coal to HP Co. Port Costa di
rect.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 30 hours from Albion:
lumber, to J S Kimball.
' : ; JVlAltxtiAUK lao^iS.iKi.- , ■ ■ ■ ■ ;
.-" The following marrla?e licenses were Issuea br
the County Cleric's ofllco yesterday: .. .
Wilhelm Schnerbaum and Annie Cilne. 82— 34.
■ Ole A. Oleson and Bertua A. Svends«n, 87—25. ..
V George Huston and Ada P. Wilson, 46—30.
" Pierre Tinant and Ferdlnande Motet, 24— 27." ; :
j J» F. Strehlke and Nellie M. Andrews, 2 3—19.
a C. K. Coulter and Bertha Hadenfeldt. 23—19. *
"G. Kalfert and Charitas Frailerres, 27— 27. \ -;
. : myoKCK ; pkocj£J£l>inuj».
Complaint filed: ..-;i -..■: ••;- • .■■■':.
1 Julia A. Smith against Thomas J. Smith. -. . >
Divorce ftranted :>••'■■ ' ' ' >
• ; Edward C. Chase from : Edith J. Chase, for de-
sertion; by Judge Hunt.". .v; .■ - x . ■
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.*
■ "■',- '.' ' -... . BORN. %, - ' '
CONNEIXY-In this city. March 15, 1898, to the
wife of Frank J. Connelly, a son. - '.
HUBACHEK— In this city, March 17, 1896, to the
wife of J. H. Hubachek, a daughter.
MELLARS— In this city, March 15, - 1H96, to the 3
;? wife of F, \V. Mellara, a son. .-. - ,i. -r
RODOEB*— this city, March 14, 1896, to the
wife of Arthur Bodgers, a daughter. . ' ,
SlEBKE— February 29, 1896. to the ; wife of F.
. Siebke. a son. ;.:",■ ;■ -': • '
WILLIAMS— In this city. March 17, 1896, to the
: : wiieof C. k\ Wliliams, MQO.W . ' .. \
DIED.
Ball, John M. ■ - McElroy, Hugh ■■' • .it
Bush, Annie E. ''.':."■ ■ McGovern, John H.
.Corcoran,' James - -McQrane, Martha A. '
'-i Courtney, William J. Mizner, EmUy S. :.->
• J Crawhall, John O. ' Rltcbie, Abbie P. : » '
Croze, August . . Rugglero, Annie M.
t , Garland, William D. Ryder, Charles B.
, f Goodwin, 1 Myron H. . I : Smiddy, Timotny
Halm. Lea - ; ' ' ■} Smith, James
7 Hodges,' Robert L. . ; Stocker, Anna T.
:: King. Robert W. v .Thevenet. Ernest J.
*■ Kuhn, William -:~~ "' Thompson, Louis A.' v "
Lamarque. Sofle Toohey, Martin
Lyster, Sarah . : . Towns. Thomas F.
/ Walsh, JoseDh
BALL-In Oakland, March 17, 1896, John Miller
r- Ball, beloved husband of Catherine Ball, and
father of, ■ Mrs. Alice . Donahoo and Ralph Ball,
a native of Springfield, Mo., aged 56 years 8
: months and 1 day. ■• ■ - •'*
* JKB" Friends . and acquaintances are respect- .
fullyinvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the hall of
Alcatraz Lodge No. 244, F. and A. M., corner of
Willow aud Seventh streets. West Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BUSH— In this city, March 15, 1896, Annie E.,
beloved wife of the late Andrew Bush, and
"motherof James, William and Elizabeth Bush
and Mrs. J. Wenlc, and grandmother of Charles
:'. Wenk, a native of st. Augustine, Florida, aged
56 years 1 month and 24 days. [Chicago ' (111.)
papers please copy.]
; ' - 49" Friends i and acquaintances and members
""of Seven Pines Circle; Garfleld Post, G.A. R.,
and . auxiliary organizations are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Fraternity
Hall, Alcazar building, I'JO O'Farrell street.
Interment National Cemetery.
WOMEN'S RELIEF CORPS-The offlcers and
members of Seven Pines Circle No. 3 are re»'
quested to • attend the funeral services of our
late sister,. Annie E. Bush, at 120 O'Farrell
street, TO-MORROW - (Thursday), at 2 o'cleclc
p. jc. By order of -
PAULINE WILLIS, President.
CORCORAN— In this city. Match 16. 1896. Jamet
Corcoran, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
' ' -ay Friends ' and acquaintances ' Are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, where a
• solemn . "requiem mass will , be -, celebrated for
the repose of 'his soul, ~ commencing at 7:15
o'clock a. K. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.'
COURTNEY— In this city. M;<rch 16. 1896, Wil-
■ liam - John Courtney, beloved brother of .Mrs.'.
jouii W. Ivers, a na'tlve.of Bqston % Mass.,
1 39 years 7 months and 6 days. .' ,' * ". ' : -.
Friends and acquaintance!" are ' re«p«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeriU THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at ' 1:30 o'clock p. m.; from the
residence of his sister,'4l2 Folsoni street, thence;
I to St. Brendan's Church for services. Interment ■
! 1 Mount Cavalry Cemetery. ' -
\ CRAWHALL— In this city. March 15, 1896, John
I Oliver Crawhall, a native of Wisconsin, aged, 3o
; years. .■■■■-.•.-■' . ■• . • - ■-^ .
GARLAND— In Whlttier, Los Antrcles County,
, March 1896, William D. Garland, formerly
of San Francisco, anativeof Maine, aged 67
years. : ' ; ;
HAHN— In this city, March 17. 1896, Lea, daugh-
ter of : the late, John and Antoinette Hahn. and
' beloved sister of Mme. E. Ponton de Arce. Mme..
J. A. Durand. Anais, Kuttene. G«ston aud Theresa
Hahn, a native of Louisiana. .';-..-• .
#3" Friends and acquaintances are resDe.ct-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral : : services'
TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.,
from the Church of Notre Darao dcs VlctolreS" -
'• ■■ Interment private. ■•'■
HODGES— this city, March 16, 1896. Robert
Leslie Hodges, a native of Otta-wa, Ontario, Can-
ada, ased 27 years 3 months and 23 days.
. ' *J-Remains at the parlors of the Golden . Gate
Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission street. In-
terment Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. '
KING— In West Berkeley, March 15, 1896, Robert
W. King, beloved husbaud of Ellen King, and
father of Charles A. and Albert M. King, a na- .
I tive of Liverpool, ' England, aged 61 years 11
■ months and 4 days. ■ . ■ *  : -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m,, from Odd FeU
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
funeral services under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F. Rein ains at the par-
. lors of the San Francisco Undertaking Company,
1235 Market street, near Ninth. luterm«n6
'. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. - . • : ■■;';' '
KUHN— this city. March 17, 1896, .William,
beloved son of Christina and the late William
Kuhn. a native of San Francisco, aged - 18 years
2 months and 15 days. .
\ jB3*Notlce of funeral hereafter, v - ■- -. •;
LAMARQUE— In this city, March 17.1896, Safle,
youngest and beloved daughter of John and
Jennie Lamarque. and sister of Valentine La- 1
' marque,' a native of San r rain-isco. aged 29 days.
LYSTER— In Pieasnnton, Mar?h 16, 1896, Sarah.
Lyster. beloved mother of Mrs. M. Lavin, Mrs.
B. McLanithlin, Mrs. J. Scarlett. Mrs. B. Taylor,
I Mrs. D. McCaw. P. M. and L. M. Lyster, a native
of Ireland, aged 82 years. '
McELROY— this city.. March 17, 1896. Hugh,
dearly beloved husband of Marsraret' McElroy,
and father of Robert J. and Nellie M. McElroy,
native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
•' 70 years. 1 • - •-«,■. .. -.-.,, , : .
fIS-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from': his late
residence, 1111 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul commencing at 9 - o'clock a. si.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, i .
McGOVERN— In this city, March 17,1896, John
H., beloved son of Ellen and the late Phillip Mc-
Govern. and -brother of Mrs. IA. Marten, Mrs. S,
J. Rnddell and Mrs. J. W. Duffy, a native of Saa
Francisco. ' ■.■•..;--•'.■.•■'.■.:■ •:■.-, •ji.f'.'.'i 1 ,:,:':•■■ ■'..: ■
v '.. .KtTNQticeof funeral hereafter.
McGRANE— In this city, March 17, 1896, Martha
Alice, beloved daughter of John and Ella Mc-
Grane, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months
and 27 days. :. \ .
MIZNER— In Fort Asslnnlboihe. Montana, March
I 9, 1886, Emily Stephens,- wife of Colonel J. K.
Mizner, Tenth United States Cavalry. •
RITCHIE— In this city, March 17, 1896, Abble P.
Ritchie, a native Cannonsburgh, Pa., aged 80
-years. - ■ ■ .'■" i "vi '«' \. ■ ■ •- •
jCS"Funeral private.
RUGGIERO— In this city, March 17. 1896. Annie
:'• M., beloved wife of Frank A., and' mother of -
; Frank A. and Raymond A. Ruggiero. and daugh-
ter of Annie M. and lhelate>D. F. Murphy, and'
sister of Frederick and Katie Murphy, Mrs. E. L. ,
j Lawson and the late Mrs. J. J. Farrell, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 10 months.'
Friends and acquaintances arr> respect-
: fully, invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursdayi. at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
■ residence, 631 Minnastreet,- thence to St. Jos-
eph's Church, where > services will i be held for
j the repose of her soul, 1 commencing at 11 o'clock:
'a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.- :
RYDER— In this city, at' Bt. Mary's Hospital,
March 16, 1896, suddenl-, of typhoid fever,
- Charles B. Ryder, son of Mrs. E. T. Ryder of,
Alameda and the late Charles H. Ryder, a native
. of San Francisco, aged 30 years. .
' jßS" Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from liis late'
residence, 315 * Railroad avenue, Alameda,
thence to Bt. Joseph's Church, Chestnut street,
wnere a requiem high mass: will be cele--
I brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock a.m. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ..-.■■/,. ,;. ' ; j : '■--.-•'-'.'/. i';-A- ;■-';■.-
SMIDDY— An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated TO-MORROW (Thnrs--
day), commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.. at St. Rose's-
Church, Bran street, for the repose of the
soul of thelate Timothy Smiddy. " Friends are
r invited.  .. ..-....• - :■ •
SMITH— In Alameda, March 16, 1896, James
Crawford Smith, a native of Tennessee, aged 69
years 5 months and 27 da vs. ■. . -•>•■.■
STOCKER— In this city. March 17, 1898, Anna T.,
youngest and beloved daughter of Joseph and :
Francisca Stocker, and sister of Barbara, Joseph,
Francisca, Maria, Anton and Sophia Btocker,
a native of San Francisco, ajjed 2 months and 29 '
days. 1 " ■':"■•■• '-;'--'■ '-.■■ -,*-"■ •
THEVENET-In this . city, March 17, 1898,
Ernest J. Thevenet, a native of London, England, .
■ aged 29 years. [French papers please copy.J ' ■
Js3T Friends and acquaintances ' are - respect/-
-§ fuliy invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at • 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the -
hall of Golden Gate Lodge No. 6. B. P. O. Elks,
rj Alcazar building, lntermen: Elks' Plat, Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' •- : .
THOMPSON— In this city. March 16, 1896, Lonis
A., beloved husband of Maggie Thompson, son of
. Alexander and Pbillpptna Thompson, and
> brother of Gus E.Thompson and Mrs. Thomas -
Hill, a native of Portland, Or., aged 29 , years 10
■■ months and 23 days. \ . .
'. • £g-Friends and acquaintances are- respect-'
fully invited to attend tne funeral. THIS DAY
- (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late -
I residence, corner Hvae and. North Point streets.
- . Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■ ■ . . ■ ■ •> . ■ .- ■• ,
TOOHEY— In Oakland,, March , 16, 1896, Martin
- Toohey. beloved brother of Patrick Toohey, Mrs.-
P. Murphy, Mrs. James McUugh, and uncle of
. M. J. Toohey and nephew of Mrs. Lnke Kelly, a.
native of the parish of Abascragh, County Gal-
| • way, Ireland, aged 43 years.*; .. : . : v  ,■ _ ■
egg" Friends ; and . acquaintances are respect-
fully InTtted to attend the funeral THIS DAY
3 (Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock a. H." from theresl-
dence of his sis'er, 1062 Willow street, thence to
; St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem,
mass - will be celebrated - for - the " repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. v. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. ■■■.-.-. •;,-.» - - > .y. ;.
TOWNS— In city, March 16, 1896, Thomas
: , only : and . beloved son of John J. and Mary ■
■ Towns, a native of San Francisco, aged j 1 month
'"- and 24 days. . ; ;..; ■ "■■■'.:-, ..:. ■■■•,-- ■ .
JBS" Friends and ' acaualntances are : resoect-
i fully invited to attend "the funeral THIS DAY
. (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. k., from the rest-.
' dence of : his parents, Visitaclon 'Valley, six
' ■'■ mile, ' San ■ Bruno road. - Interment ; Holy Cross -
" Cemetery. ..;• .=••■. ■'..■; • :. •..-■.'-■•■■•■.''. ■ ' :.• ' -.;.
WALSH— this city, March 16, 1896. Jaseph,
m son of the late William J. and Mary Ellen Walsh '
I and I beloved , brother of < Mrs. ■ Charles Denny,
- James, John, George, Charles and Maude Wals h
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 20 years 2
months aud 27 days. -: : - : ■ ■;■.••';•', ;
' ' IST Friends ? and < acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.:
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late
- residence, 2105 Scott street, thence to St. Domi-
nic's Cnurcb, Bush and Stelner streets,. where a:
requiem high mass will be : celebrated for the re- ..
pose of. his soul, commencing at 9 : o'clock a. v.
;•'•. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' -: / ."
| CNITED.UNDEETAKEBS' "T
EMBALMING PARLORS.
■ Every thing Requisite for First-class Funerals H
>-'"•?- .-;..?; at Reasonable Rates. -. T.i v%s* \?..
I Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth ■trcet.
I NtcAVOY A CALLACHER, .I '
■ FUNKRAL DIBECTOSB * KMBALU KRS,
SO WUtb St., Opp. Lincoia School.
" * '"'-■" Telephone 808 a . V x
1516
MRS. HARMON
IS WEDDED AGAIN.
The Man at Whom Harmon
Shot Is Now Her
Husband.
WILL GUARD HER CHILD
Natural Denouement of Sensa
sational Divorce Pro
ceedings.
UTMOST SECRECY OBSERVED.
Ceremony Performed Last Saturday.
The Couple Now Living at the
Golden West Hotel.
There was a wedding at the Golden West
Hotei on Saturday evening that was also a
denouement.
The parties were Albert A. Wheeler and
Frances E. Harmon. Frances E. Harmon
is tne divorced wife of Louis C. Harmon,
whose escapades have furnished illustrated
stories to the newspapers within the
period of easy recollection. Mrs. Harmon
secured a divorce from her husband in the
courts of Oakland, which courts decreed
that he should pay certain aliniony to the
wife.
About three months ago Dr. Harmon
having converted his estate into cash,
figuring up about $30,000, undertook to
leave clandestinely for Victoria, boarded
the tug Lillie for the purpose, and started
out from Oakland to board the northbound
boat in the Golden Gate. He had been
under surveillance, however, and a
trnmped-up charge was brought against
him of using the mail for unlawful pur
poses, and on this charge he was over
hauled and arrested on the ship and taken
back to Oakland. Tnis charge, of which
there was no evidence, was dismissed of
course, but Harmon was held — prevented
from getting away with his property from
the jurisdiction of the court.
In the meantime Mrs. Harmon, living
at 1457 Grove street, was receiving the at
tentions of Albert A. Wheeler.
Wheeler is a young man of 28, emDloved
in the service of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company as purser on vessels plying
between this City and the Central Ameri
can ports. He has resided at the Golden
West Hotel for some time. He has been
paying attention to the lady who is now
his *\ ife lor a long time, and tbeie is a story
of his visiting her one evening at her home
on Grove street before the divorce was
granted; that Harmon was watching for
him with some friends, who assisted him
in surrounding the house; that when
Wheeler was leaving he encountered Har
mon, who fired two shots at him. The
shots went wild.
Since the divorce, which was granted in
February last, Wheeler has been a constant
wooer of the young divorcee, and on
Saturday last he applied for and secured a
license towed. Mra. Harmon accompanied
him and on the affidavit, which is a neces
sary preliminary to securing the coveted
document, she made a written statement
concerning her having secured the
divorce.
The couple then went in search of a
Justice of the Peace to perform the cere
mony, but f: Mp d or were diverted and
retired to tue <.oiden West Hotel on Ellis
street, the former's place of residence,
where the ceremony was performed that
evening by Justice of the Peace Groezin
ger.
Albert H. Wheeler, the new husband of
the Mrs. Harmon that was, has had his
experience though he is a young man. He
fell heir to quite a large sum of money
Thile a still younger man and spent it.
The spending of it threw him down in the
social scale and at the end of his string,
financially, and suffering from despond
ency resulting from that fact and from
dissipation he enlisted in-the regular army
and served for some years in Troop I at
the Presidio.
He recovered his poise after a time and,
it is said, bought his release from his en
listment, or his friends bought it for him.
He secured the situation in the service of
the Pacific Mail which he still holds.
He was also for a long time a member of
Light Battery A, now Troop A, National
Gu.-ird.
Mrs. Harmon is the mother of a child,
the care of which was awarded to her by
the decree of divorce. It is said that the
father is anxious to recover possession of
the child, and has engaged the Cnrtin De
tective Agency to watch the mother and
aid him in his desire.
Wheeler has declared to his friends that
his marriage with Mrs. Harmon gives him
the right to protect her in the possession
of the child, and that he will do it at what
ever cost. "If anybody comes fooling
around my place trying to steal this
child," he says, "he will get shot."
Every precaution was taken to prevent
the fact of the wedding becoming known
publicly, the marriage license being se
cured at the last moment previous to the
closing of the Clerk's office on Saturday.
Tne license, with certificate of the wed
ding, has not yet been filed with the Re
corder, and every person connected with
the affair has been pledged to secrecy, but
in spite of all this, it has leaked through
the friends of the couple about the hotel.
SMITfi'S SUIT ANSWERED.
Some Complications in the Donahue
Road Election Explained.
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad has answered the suit of Sidney
Smith to set aside a recent election on the
ground of injustice and illegality.
Smith alleged that the defendants in his
suit, the directors of the road, made out
a ballot with his 42,000 shares distiibuted
among candidates he did not want, and
thereby the election was changed.
In the answer it is alleged that the 42,000
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
PrA6\l Baking
& im&sa YOWOSr
ABSOLUTELY PURE
shares were held in trust ,by the Mercan
tile Trust Company of New York, and that
Smith, Foster and Markbam; organized a
syndicate ; to purchase them for $800,000.
It was decided by the syndicate that the
shares should be voted as a unit, and when
the election came round Foster ana Mark
ham determined to vote .the ; shares - for
themselves and for Ljlienthal. Smith
being in the minority nad no voice in the
direction of the shares. It was on account
of this "combination that Foster, as presi
dent of the meeting, threw out Smith's
vote.
• — — »
KNOW A GOOD THING.
Readers Hasten to Secure the New Kn
cyclopaedic Dictionary.
It was thought at the outset that intelli
gent readers of this paper would be quick
to take advantage of the remarkable offer
of the Pacific Coast Newspaper Syndicate,
and obtain the new Encyclopaedic Diction
ary on the special terms made for the 500
introductory sets, which are distributed
merely to make known the merits of the
work.
But when this price is reduced by over
two-thirds the superb publication becomes
almost a gift, as readers have readily per
ceived, to judge from the orders which are
coming in by each mail.
The terms made by the syndicate for 500
sets to introduce the work simply require
a cash payment of $1 to apply on the pur
chase of the four volumes, which make up
the complete set, and the same is delivered
at once, the balance being payable at the
rate of $1 25 per month for one year, or at
the rate of about 4 cents per day.
Further than this, to evidence the per
fect fairness of the offer, the work may be
returned within ten days and money will
be refunded, which is a contingency not
at all likely to happen, however, when the
splendid publication is once in possession
and its high value becomes apparent.
Full descriptive matter and sample
pages will Be sent on application, but to
those who do not wish to waste time in
correspondence and run the risk of losing
a set at the low introductory price it may
be said that the Encyclopaedic Dictionary
is not only the most recent and complete
| dictionary* of the English language extant,
but it also treats over 50,000 subjects in
i the same manner as an encyclopedia. It
is in four magnificent quarto volumes,
containing over 5000 pages, with 3000 illus
trations explaining the definitions. It
contains 250,000 words, beine 134,000 more
than Worcester and 110,000 more than
Webster. It is a veritable mine of useful
information, and is alike invaluable for
home, office, library or study, since it
easily takes the place of almost any half
dozen other reference, works which could
be named.
It has at once become the standard
wherever introduced, and even at its sub
scription price of $42 per set is sure to find
a valued place in thousands of cultured
homes.
But at the introductory price of $1 cash
and $1 "25 per month for a year it is simply
a marvel of cheapness.
All communications are to be addressed
to the Pacific Coast Newspaper Syndicate,
3ti Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DESERTED HIS FAMILY
Mrs. Joseph Graham Left Desti
tute With Five Young
Children.
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children Has Charge
of Her Case.
Joseph Graham, a cook, deserted his
wife and five children on December 13 last,
leaving them almost penniless, and since
then he has not been seen or heard of.
Mrs. Graham had $47 in bank, which
she had been able to save, an I on the day
of his disappearance he induced her to
draw the money out of the bank. He
wanted ?40 on the pretext that he was to
buy an interest in a restaurant and she
gave him $20.
They were then living on Lexington
avenue and the $27 soon dwindled away
Joe Graham.
for the rent and the necessaries of life.
She had to give up the bouse ana engaged
a small room in the house 619^ Mission
street. She tried to get employment out
failed, and to prevent starvation she ap»
plyed for help to the Associated Charities.
She got a little assistance, but was too
sensitive to apply tor more.
The oldest child, a boy, is 11 years of
age, and the youngest 2. To add to her
misery the youngest child was seized with
the whooping cough, and on Monday night
she called at the .Receiving Hospital, but
as there is no juvenile ward there for the
care of afflicted children they could not
help her.
Dr. Rinne, who heard her story, went
home with her and prescribed for the
child. His sympathies were so aroused by
the sight of the starving children that he
gave Mrs. Graham all the money he had in
his Dockets.
Yesterday the case was called to the
attention of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, and Officers Hol
brook and McMurray arranged to have the
three eldest children sent to tlie Youths'
Directory to-day, and will make every
effort to get employment for the mother,
who is a quiet, respectable little woman.
Some gentlemen who heard of the case
later will endeavor to get a uosition for
the oLiest boy to-day, so that his earnings
can be a help to his mother; but if un
successful the boy will have to go to the
directory.
The police will be asked to help find
Graham, so that he can be punished for his
cruel desertion.
• — «■ — •
Two months ago a horse and laprobe
were stolen from Jonathan Davis of Green
ville, Ga. Last week Mr. Davis was asked
by his brother-in-law in Macon to run over
and look at a fine horse he had bought.
Mr. Davis went and found that it was his
horse, and that the man who had sold it
to his brother-in-law had thrown in the
laprobe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1896.
A MIXED VERDICT
IN BROWN'S CASE
Guilty of Unchristian and
Ungentlemanly Con
duct.
ADULTERY NOT PROVEN.
His Explanation of the Davidson
Matter Not Satisfactory
to the Council.
BROWN'S GARBLED DISPATCH.
The Church Will Act To-Night Upon
the Findings, From Which
There Is No Appeal.
To the First Congregational Church,
San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Brethren :
The ecclesiastical council called to
act pursuant to the letters missive of
the date of February 10 issued by
you at the request of your pastor met
in the lecture-room of your church at
2 o'clock P. M. February 18, 1896.
The following trustees were repre
sented: Plymouth Church of San Fran
cisco— Rev. W. I). Williams, pastor;
Deacon S. F. Bufford, delegate. Third
Church of San Francisco — Rev. Wil
liam Rader, pastor ; A. T. Ruthrauff.
delegate. First Church of Oakland—
Rev. S. M. Freeman, pastor ; Deacon K.
C. Williams, delegate. Plymouth
avenue of Oakland— Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean, pastor; Rev. George Bfooar, dele
gate. First Church of Brooklyn — Rev.
George B. Hatch, pastor ; Deacon J. 1..
Barker, delegate. First Church of
Alameda— Rev. \V. W. Scudder, pastor;
»:. J. Dodge, delegate. First Church
i of Sacramento — Rev. H. N. Hoyt, pastor;
Deacon M. W. Curtis, delegate. First
Church of Stockton— Rev. R. 11. Sink,
pastor ; O. B. Parkinson, delegate.
First Church of San Jose— Rev. H. Mel
ville Tenney, pastor ; Deacon William
Ross, delegate.
The council organized by the election
of Rev. J. K. Mi'f.t-iiii, moderator ;
Deacon J. 1.. Barker, assistant moder
ator; Rev. George B. Batch, scribe;
I Deacon S. F. Bufford, assistant scribe.
You asked us in said letters thor
oughly to investigate all matters per
taining to certain charges affecting the
moral character and ministerial stand
ing of the Rev. C. O. Brown, D. D.
The council In pursuing this investiga
tion labored under great difficulty
from the first in the fact that
the matters to be investigated
were so largely in the shape of
widely spread rumors and that
the charges had not been prearranged
with sufficient deflniteness, nor was the
testimony uniformly ready at call. Nev
ertheless we have earnestly attended to
the duty assigned us and patiently list
ened to all the evidence produced be
fore us or procurable by us, having met
in thirty-six sessions, covering a period
of more than a month, and have finally
reached the following conclusions:
First, That all the charges in onr
judgment may be grouped under the
two questions :
(a) Did Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D., com
mit adultery with either Mrs. M. A.
Stockton or Miss Martha Overman?
(b) Has he been guilty of any conduct
seriously affecting his ministerial char
acter?
Second, That touching the first of
these two questions we are able to make
answer that the evidence before us does
not sustain the charge of adultery with
either Mrs. Stockton or Miss Overman.
Third, That touching the question of
unministerial conduct we find In Dr.
Brown certain constitutional infirmities
of temper in the light of which his
actions must be judged, and which to
some extent modify opinions of his con
duct, so that in one case where the use
of harsh and intimidating language is
charged against him an apology fol
lowed so quickly that we do not further
notice it. In another case, while the
menacing and intimidating language
used was not Justified, it was the
hasty speech of an angry man
but in the case of a young lady of the
purest character and the highest worth
who felt herself threatened with a fear
ful charge because she had opposed the
pastor, we find his conduct to have vio
lated all rules which should control the
actions of a gentleman and a Christian
minister, and we cens-ure him for it.
While we gladly recognize the kindly
and manly words of appreciation and
reparation offered by him to the young
lady in our presence we should be glad
to add to this verdict that the various
facts in the case so far as ascertained
have not left a trace of suspicion in our
mind* concerning the hitherto stainless
reputation of this honored minister of
the Gospel, but we are regretfully com
pelled to confess that Dr. Brown's ex
planation of the reasons in his mind for
paying to Mrs. Davidson the sura of
*500 and agreeing to pay the further
sum of 53. 5 per month for a series of
years, all for the purpose of securing the
sii.iu-.- of a supposed Mrs. Baddin, is not
altogether satisfactory to us, and
that Miss Overman's testimony
as to having changed certain let
ters known as the Overman-Tunnell
letters which contained the chief in
criminating evidence in this case Is
impaired seriously by confessed false
hoods previously told concerning the
same matter, while the strange and
apparently significant absence from the
City of the receiver of the letters has
added to our embarrassment la the effort
to ascertain the truth.
While we have felt compelled to con
demn the acts now specified In our
brother's conduct, it Is our hope and
prayer that the sharp lessons of recent
months may be taken to heart by him,
and that in consequence his future years
may be move fruitful than any in the
past. It is especially our earnest
hope that in the painful and divided
conditions In which this experience has
left this loved and honored church, both
he and its members may be led to such a
clear understanding of their duty to
each other and to the Divine Master
that the unity of the Spirit in the bond
of peace may be preserved here and in
the whole sisterhood ot the chnrrh.
Dated at San Francisco, March 17,
1896. (Signed)
J. R. McLEAN, Moderator.
GEORGE B. BATCH, Scribe.
Such was the verdict rendered by the
ecclesiastical council at a quarter past 10
o'clock last night after a long month of
investigation. One copy was served upon
Dr. Brown and another upon Deacon
Morse, representing the congregation.
Dr. Brown received word of tne verdict
or some version of it almost before it was
submitted. After having received the
copy he appeared at The Call office and
invited congratulations on his "acquit
tal." He then, aided by Attorney Nagle,
dictated the following dispatch to the
United Press correspondent for dissemina
tion throughout the country:
San Francisco, March 17.
The ecclesiastical court of inquiry which has
been engaged in investigating certain charges
preferred against Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown of the
First Congregational Church of this City con
cluded its labor this evening at 10 o'clock,
bringing in a unanimous verdict acquitting
the pastor on every charge against him, and
concluding with "a hope and ,>rayer that the
sharp lessons of recent months may be taken to
heart by him, and in consequence his future
years may be more fruitful than any in the
past, and especially tbat this experience has
left this loved and honored church and its
pastor with a clearer understanding or thei'
duty to each other and to the Divine Master."
The doctor is satisfied with the decision of
the court, which could go no further in vindi
cating him than it did. The finding will bare
a material bearing on the charge of extortion
now pending against Mrs. Mary A. Davidson.
Dr. Brown also said: "The official steno
graphic report of my evidence shows to
any who choose to investigate that I did
not say that my chief reason for paying
$.500 was to secure the silence of any Mrs.
Baddin, but, rather, to secure evidence
upon which the criminal might be dis
closed and punished. This very impoitant
testimony the^council entirely ignores in
their report."
After the council adjourned Moderator
McLean said: "There is no appeal from
our verdict. Congregationalism acts on
the assumption that Christian people are
not expected to need discipline; it is only
the exception. The church taKes these
findings of fact, and if the church sees fit
to go against these findings it will be al
lowed to do so : but if the other Congrega
tion churches think that the council was
not treated justly the other churches can
withdraw from fellowship. This advice of
the council will have no more weight than
the weight of reason in it."
There were eighteen members of the
council present and two ab;-ent, Rev. I. M.
Hoyt of Sacramento and Deacon Parkin
son of Stockton. The verdict at the head
of the article was adopted unanimously.
The copy intended for Dr. Brown was
placed in "the hands of Valentine, his son,
who ran with it upstairs to his father's of
fice, where he and Lawyer Nagle and Dea
con Morse were awaiting the verdict.
The two doors leading to the office were
then closed against the reporters and
Valley Brown stood guara inside the outer
door with the knob in his hand to prevent
the reporters from turning it. After a half
hour of meditation Dr. Brown came out,
and smilingly remarking that he was
going home proceeded to The Call edito
rial-rooms with the dispatch to the United
Press as printed above.
He shook hands with his acquaintances
and requested their congratulations on
what he called his victory.
Deacon Morse, who was neither very
grave nor very gay, called the reporters
into the study ana dictated the verdict to
them without comment.
The verdict of the council will be pre
sented to the church at a meeting to be
held at 7:30 this evening.
LAST DAY'S SESSION.
The Work of Reaching a Verdict
Causes a Bitter Dis
cussion.
The last day's session of the Brown
council was fruitful of a verdict and re
plete to overflowing with exciting inci
dents, in which the ten judges viea with
their associate lay brethren in hitter de»
nunciation and at times prayerful plead£
ings.
At 10 o'clock the committee on findings
convened in executive session. For nearly
three hours they labored with the difficult
problems before them, and when the lunch
hour came they announced with some
show of playfulness that a verdict had
been reached and would be submitted to
the council at 2 o'clock.
When that hour arrived and still
another roiled by it was evident that the
findings of the committee did not by any
manner of means please some of the indi
vidual members of the council.
In fact, Dr. Freeland, backed by two or
three of the older members, sprang a little
surprise in the shape of a minority report,
which they declared would be presented
unless the council embodied their oft
repeated sentiments in the general find
ings.
For nearly two hours tue point was ar
gued, the fight settling down finally be
tween representatives of the old and new
Congregational school, the former being
represented by such men as Dr. McLean
and Dr. Freeland, the latter finding earn
est champions in Dr. Williams, Dr. Ten
ney and Dr. Hoyt.
The main point at issue was the severity
of the verdict, and in the final shake-up
the old school won. That is, they secured
a mixed verdict on the main charges.
During the general debate the self-styled
"boss whitewasher of the Pacific Coast,"
Dr. Pond, made an earnest appeal to the
council to temper their decision with
mercy. He pleaded specially for the ac
cused man's family, endeavoring to show
that an unfavorable verdict would operate
more narshly against them than against Dr.
Brown.
The speaker was listened to respectfully,
but his remarks made no lasting impression
on the minds of his fellow judges.
At 4 o'clock Dr. Brown was sent for, but
the result proved that he was several hours
too early.
Patiently and anxiously he waited for
some word of solace, and when it finally
came and he had been given an oppor
tunity to see in cold black letters that
which meant so much to him, he shut
himself in the study, where, attended by
Attorney Nagle and Deacon Morse, the
full findings were read.
In the meantime Dr. Hoyt withdrew
from the council, saying that he was com
pelled to be in Sacramento last night.
Later it was rumored that Dr. Hoyt was
not satisfied with the hostility shown by
certain members of the council to the find*
ings of the committee, and not caring to
bein what promised to be a divided con
clusion determined to quietly .absent him
self. The rumor could not be verified last
night.
Shortly after 9 o'clock Dr. Tenney and
Mr. Barker made a hurried exit from the
council chamber in search of a typewriter.
The verdict had been rendered and Dr.
Brown was to know his fate in less than
half an hour. From another member of
the council who left for his home just after
Dr. Tenney withdrew to secure copies of
the decision the full verdict was learned.
A Call representative told Dr. Brown
of the result, that gentleman paling per
ceptibly under the unqualified expression.
But when informed that the verdict had a
"rider" to it, his face brightened, and he
muttered an almost inaudible "Thank
God."
A dispatch from Los Angeles last night
says that Mattie Overman and Mrs. Tun
nell left San Diego Monday morning,
Miss Overman saying they were on their
way back to San Francisco. Mrs. Brown
said last night that she Knew nothing
about the matter.
The findings of the council will be
formally presented to the church to-night.
Myrtle Still Missing.
Myrtle Costello, who some days ago disap
peared from Santa Cruz with a woman in the
theatrical profession, is believed by the Hu
mane Society officers to be at 425 Kearny
street, although her presence there is strenu
ously denied by parties at that place. The
house is being closely watched. Further evi
dence regarding the circumstances of the girl's
disappearance from her home in Santa Cruz
was received by General McComb yesterday.
A SVENGALI IN COURT
Claims He Used Hypnotism to
Relieve a Stenographer of
Writer's Cramp.
WAS THE SUBJECT ASLEEP?
Dr. Abraham Says She Was, bat Miss
Rae Alexander, the Defendant,
Denies the Allegation.
"It is my vish," was the exclamation of
Dr. Albert Abrahams who played the part
of medical Svengali in the presence of
Miss Rae Alexander who had come to him
for medical treatment. His wish was that
the ailment from which she was suffering
should disappear and he claims his wish
was carried out, but the young lady dis
putes the claim And the result is that she
is now a defendant in an action brought
by the doctor to recover for professional
services which he alleges are reaionably
worth $100.
Miss Alexander, a pretty, vivacious
young woman, is by profession a sten
ographer, ana in order to carry on her
business it is necessary that she should be
nimble with the fingers in order to place
on paper the many signs that represent
the spoken words of others.
This requirement she fulfilled until some
time atro, when she was stricken with
"pen paralysis,' 1 which is sometimes
called "writer's cramp." She visited sev
eral physicians, who prescribed the old
time remedies and treatment for the
trouble, but as they did not afford her the
sought-for relief, she, in company with
her sister, waited upon Dr. Abrahams at
his office on Geary street and asked what
he could do toward giving her relief.
The doctor, who is a close student and a
believer in hypnotism as a remedial
agent, expressed the opinion that he could
make her regain the use of her hand if she
would follow the course he suggested.
The lady, anxious to try any "ism" that
would give her the opportunity 10 earn
her living, consented to place herself un
der his treatment. There were a number
of visits to the office, the application of
that mysterious force that enables one to
take possession of the mind of another,
the placing of Miss Alexander in a condi
tion, so it is claimed, that she was no
longer mistress of her actions and did only
what the doctor wished; and at the end
of the Svengali seances the doctor told her
that she no longer had pain.
At the last seance the doctor presented
the sequel to hypnotism in the shape of a
bill for $30 for professional services. Miss
Alexander demurred, asserting that she
was not free from pain and could not re
sume her usual vocation, while the doc
tor asserted that the "writer's cramp" ex
isted only in her imagination. The doc
tor wanted his fee; Mi&s Alexander put
down her foot and said "No," and her
friends supported her in her determina
tion to resi3t payment. The result is the
suit alluded to.
"This action," said Dr. Abrahams last
evening, "is only & matter of principle
with me. It is not the amount of money
that I care for, but I performed services
for the lady, cured her, and I am entitled
to my fee. lam aware that it will cost
me more than the amount of the bill, but
1 am moved to act in this case by pure
principle.
"This young lady," continued the doc
tor, "was suffering from writer's cramp
when she cailea on me first, and the attack
was so bad that she could only make
scrawls on paper. I treated her by hyp
notism, with the result that when I ceased
my treatment she was able to write as well
as ever.
"I do not care to enter into the details
of this new treatment at this time, as that
will all come out in court when the case
comes up for trial; but I can say that this
Dr. Henry M. Fiske, Who Was a State Senator in the Early Fifties.
[Drawn from a photograph.}
is a very interesting treatment, and the
result proves the value of hypnotism in a
certain class of cases."
Miss Alexander, when served with the
papers, secured the services of Attorney
George H. Cabaniss, who prepared an
answer in which is made a general denial
of the allegations of the complaint.
The fair defendant in discussing the ac
tion brought against her said:
"Why, the doctor didn't do anything
for me. He placed me in a chair, rubbed
his hand across my forehead and said:
'You're asleep, now, ain't you?' and when
I replied 'No, certainly not,' he insisted
that I was and added 'Yes, you are; only
you don't know it.'
"Now, the idea of my not knowing if I
was asleep or awake ! The doctor also in
sisted that the pain was gone, when I
knew it was not. This will all be told
when I and my sister who was with me at
each visit give our testimony.!'
"I do not think that when the case
comes up,' 1 said Attorney Cabaniss,
"there will oe anylack of testimony descrip
tive of the treatment for the young lady.
It will be all about the manner in which
she was svengalied."
NEW TO-DAr^RT^OOODS^^^^^^, _^_ .
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL OFFERING
OF
Curtains, Portieres,
Blankets, Bedspreads,
Table Covers and
Curtain Muslin.
500 pairs FINE .-NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS (in both white
and ecru), extra wide and new designs - - $1.50 pair
1 ■ ■ - ■ • ■"'•■'■,--..'■• ' ■■' ■•- ■■ .' ■.■ -
250 pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, colors assorted, hand-
some dadoes ---------- $3.00 pair
' ' ■ < ■■■ . ■ ' ' ■".'" ' '.- , •
150 pairs HANDSOME TAPESTRY PORTIERES, new col-
orings ----------- - $4.00 pair .
' » ' •. . ■ ' '. ■■ ■ ' ■ - ■
7 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, extra size (warranted
-- all wool) - - - - - ------ - $6.00 pair
5 cases EXTRA - SIZE MARSEILLES PATTERN BED-
SPREADS - - - - - - - - --"-'• - $1.00 each
150 6-4 CHENILLE FRINGED TABLE COVERS (new
colorings) -----------$1.00 each
V^— a v 1 SPECIAL :'■.•-.. «- —^
100 pieces 36-INCH SWISS MUSLIN FOR CURTAINS, .
Oc a yard
' J»-TELEPHONE-Maln 5777.
' ■£&* Country orders receive prompt attention.
£tt" Goods delivered free In San Rafael, Sausallto, Blttht*
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
STRUCK WITH PARALYSIS.
Dr. Henry M. Fiske, a Pioneer
Settler, Taken Suddenly and
Without Warning.
Was a State Senator in the Early
Fifties and Filled Other Posi
tions of Honor.
Dr. Henry M. Fiske, 72 years old, was
stricken with paralysis a week ago last
Saturday and is unable to leave his bed.
Dr. Fiske arrived here in 1852 and settled
in Sutter Creek, Amador County, in which
place he practiced medicine and was in
terested in mining enterprises in that re
gion for twenty years. In 1856 and 1857 he
served as a State Senator and, after he
took up his residence in tuis City, he was
elected a member of the City Board of
Education and afterward of the City Board
of Health.
Last Sunday night his condition was
considered so serious that Dr. N. J. Bird,
his attending physician called, in Dr. Lane
for consultation. Yesterday afternoon he
rallied somewhat and rested easy.
His two daughters and his son were sent
for when it was found that his condition
had taken a serious turn. They are W. H.
Fiske of Portland, Or., Mrs. Benjamin
Peart of Woodland and Mrs. John Faull
of St. Helena. They and their mother were
constant attendants at his bedside day and
night.
Another Larkin Contest.
The relatives of William Larkin. who, by de
cision of Dr. Taylor who acted as referee, were
declared not to be Larkin's heirs, have com
menced a. second contest of Larkin's estate.
This time they contest; throngh*. William Me-
Avoy, their guardian, 'it being alleged that
they are incompetent. It is only in i this way
that they can contest, for the statutory year
after the filing of the will, in which contests
are allowed, has passed. '':V - > . .
. « — • — • —
The Western Addition Entertainment.
The popular Western Addition .Club makes a
new departure to-night in Riving its monthly
entertainment in Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street, near Geary. A choice programme is
promised, the piece de resistance being the
play "A Turning Point," to be produced for
the first time, through the kindness of Ferdi
nand • Gottschalk, formerly of John Drew's
company.
• — <• — •
Levy Case Dismissed.
The charges against Levy, the letter-carrier,
of embezzling postal cards were withdrawn by
the postal authorities yesterday and United
States Commissioner Heacock dismissed thes
case.
gl F, CUTTER
(^. B EXTRA
■?TmS niff
UIU
it Bourbon
fi^^ft family 'and
— .-.-^^^^ medicinal .
i -*COT»J whi skey
♦* : extra ■ «i? fora
<&(P^Ji quarter- >*
P^ century.
fe™j I MARTIN
;^Ba| 411 Hapket St.,
I!— itonndKfr 1 '■BBM SaD FranciBCO>
FURNITURE
FOR-
-4 ROOMS
$75.
mt | <r » ; £ '-* m ..'./'■
■■■'. ■ ■ ~ — ~" ' ■'■■:■■■■■■■■■ - ' • -^a
Parlor- SUk Brocatelle, B-Petce SuJt, plnihi
trimmed. ' • ; .
Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Salt, bed, bureaa,
. washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pl^f
; lows, woven wire and top mattress. -r.^
Dinlng-Koom— Kxtension Table, foor
. t : Solid Oak Chairs. -• - - rt
Kitchen— Kange, Patent Kitchen Table aad tw«
. - . Chairs. ; ;
EASY PAYMENTS.
r. Honses furnished complete, city or country, any.
, where on the Coast. . Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
•-•:■ 224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
':'- '- •-".'-' and 237 Post Street.
Jl^Free packing and delivery across the bay.