no_textVOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 166.
PUTT ON McKINLEY'S FINANCIAL POLICY.
The New York Politician
Answers the Ohioan's
Managers.
SEES DANGER TO THE
PARTY.
Says the Attitude of the Nominee
Should Be Known in
Advance.
NEED OF CAREFUL JUDGMENT
AT ST. LOUIS.
With Victory in Sight, Republicanism
Has Now Its Grandest
Opportunity.
NEW YORK, N. V-, May 13.—Ex-Sena
tor Thomas C. Platt gave out a statement
to-night in which he says:
"Tne McKinley managers have under
taken to break the force of my charge that
his financial record shows that he is an
unsafe leader for tne Republican party at
this time by publishing extracts from his
recent speeches. These extracts consist
of a lot of general phrases about the neces
sity of having a currency "as good as the
bes;,' of our 'keeping all our dollars equai
in value,' and that sort of a thing. But
the McKinley managers are away from
the point.
"The point is not that McKinley has
made no remarks and cast no votes that
tend to the maintenance of good money,
but that he has made all sorts of remarks
and cast all sort? of votes, and, in a word,
that he has acted in every situation not
from settled principleo and convictions,
but in accordance with what he consid
ered at the time to be popular. * ♦ ♦
"It is believed on all side? that the man
who is placed in nomination at St. Louis
will be the next President of the United
States. The Republican delegates there
fore have an incomparable opportunity.
"It is their supreme duty to nominate a
man whose developed character and
achieved record indicate that with his
leadership Republican policies will secure
the longest application. They should tind
their candidate who will take omce with
the confidence of the country and not
with its apprehension and distrust; who
is known to be a free agent and not mort- j
gaged up to his eye? with pledges that can !
never be performed and expectations that j
Cj. . never be satisfied; who i? safe and not J
erratic, conservative and not impulsive, .
firm and not impressionable.
"If these general principles are agreed
to they render the selection of Major Me-
Kinley impossible, and I repeat that my
opposition to him proceeds from the fact
that I foresee the gravest dangers to the
Republican part}' when he has been I
elected and we have settled down to the j
work of restoring to this country the pros
perity of which it has been robbed by the
Democratic sectionalists and free traders.' 1
Mr. Platt then adds that it is bign time
for the D:;siness men of the country to
wake Dp to what is going on in the effort
to rush the nomination of McKinley
through the Republican convention with a
whoop ana hurrah, and says that the
highest intelligence, the soundest business
judgment, the widest experience of pub
lic affairs and the firmest resolution that
the Republican party can command are
not too great an equipment for the leader
on whose shoulders will rest the chief re
sponsibility for the settlement under the
next administration of the currency ques
tion. In conclusion he says:
"The Republican party is not in favor, as
Mr. McKinley says he is, [of the double
standard; it does not want, as he says he
does, to give 'equal credit and honor with
gold.' It is without disguise a cold-stand
ard party.
"i submit to the business men of this
country, whose sentiments can always
control a nominating convention, that
tney would better do something between
now and the 16th of June on other subjects
than the siliy twaddle of newspapers about
"bosses and boss rule.' "
WILT WORK WITH TELLER.
Xational Republican Delegatea of Colo
rado'M First IHstrict.
DENVER, Colo., May 13. -A. M.
Stevenson and John F. Vivian were unani
mously selected as delegates to the St.
Louis convention by the delegate? of the
First Congressional Di-trict, which met
here to-rlay. James Cowie and C. B.
Timberlake were named as alternates.
The proceedings were routine, no contests
being presented from Arapahoe County
and no resolutions were adopted.
Both delegates pledged themselves to
work harmoniously with Senator Teller,
but Stevenson announced that he would
oppose any movement seeking to censure
Senator Wolcott for his opinions. Earl B.
Coe declined to go as alternate, because he
believed the National Convention had al
ready been pledged for the gold standard.
IOWA PROHIBITIONISTS.
nominate national Convention Delegate*
and a full State Ticket.
DES MOINEB, lowa, May 13.— Iowa
Prohibitionists held their State Conven
tion here to-day witn 300 delegates attend
in making the largest convention they
have held in years. J. A. Herve'y of Cor
rey was temporary chairman. The per
manent officers were: Chairman, W. K.
Brown' of Storey County; ' secretary, J. G.
Van Ness of Linn; assistant secretary,
Gei evieve Fleming of Page. ;
Tae convention nominated delegates to
the National Convention in Pittsburg, a
State ticket and named a new Central
Corr.mittee. The delegates at large are
as follows: B. F. Wrijrht of Floyd, J. A.
Her7ey of Correy, Levi Marshall of Jeffer
son, J. G. Woodward of Woodbury, Mrs.
L. A. Beunett of Marshall, Mrs. A.* E. Mc-
Murray of Polk, T. G. Orwig of Polk, A. G.
Orwi<» of Polk. A. C. Bondurant of Polk,
Robert M. Adams of Powsheik and H. D.
Smith of Jones.
There was a long contest over the plat
form. The resolutions committee pre
The San Francisco Call.
sented the platform of last year, which
contained declarations on a large number
of subjects. F. F. Mace of Polk County
offered as a substitute a platform of one
plank, making prohibition the only issue.
This caused the contest, but the com
mittee was overwhelmingly sustained.
The platform as adopted declares against
the liquor trafh'c and for prohibition; for
woman suffrage; free coinage of both gold
and silver at 16 to 1; for the initiative and
referendum; for revision of the State
revenue laws.
The State ticket was nominated at the
evening se?sion as follows: Secretary of"
I State, William G. Wright of Storey
County; Auditor of State, J. W. Wonders
of Webster County; Treasurer of State. E.
J. Bye of Cedar County; Supreme Judge,
Samuel Holmes of Fremont County; Rail
i road Commissioner, William S. Pile of
| Lyon County; Attorney-General, P. M.
Ford of Woodbury County.
MORTON'S ATTITEDE.
Stands on th* Financial Flank of the
-Yew? Lor/c Platform.
ALBANY, N. V., May 13.— follow
ing telegrams are self-explanatory:
New York, May 13.
LeviP. Morton, Governor, Albany, X. }'.: Will
you kindly s>t»ue for publication your views on
the money question — whether you favor the
continued use of silver and, if to, at what ratio
and under what conditions? Please telegraph
your answer.- , K. C. Alexander,
Editor Mall and Express.
ALBANY, N. V., "May 13.— E. C. Alexander,
editor Mail and Express, New York City: Re
sponding to your telegraphic Inquiry of this
date, I have only to say: Our last Republican
State Convention declared the position of New
York State Republicans, including myself, on
the money question. 1 stand on the New York
platform. I.f.vi P. Morton.
WYMING REPUBLICANS.
Likely to Be Conaeiratire on the Finan
cial Question-
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 13.— The Re
publican State Convention of Wyoming,
which will be held to-morrow, will elect a
McKir.ley delegation to St. Louis. 95 out
of the 102 delegates composing tne con
vention having been instructed for the
Ohio man.
Very conservative action upon the finan
cial question will be taken by the conven
tion, which will probably be content with
instructing its St. Louis Relegates to work
for the recognition of silver in the Na
tional platform. The convention will
select Willis Vandevanter of this city as
National Committeeman for Wyoming to
succeed ex-Senator Carey.
ST, LOUIS STORM-SWEPT
Many Lives Are Lost and Incal
culable Damage Is Done
to Property.
S xteen Freightcars Blown Frrm a
Track and Demolished at
Madison.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 13.— A severe
; storm unannounced by the Weather Bu
reau or weather indications fell upon the
city this evening. From an almost clear
i sky at 6 o'clock rain fell in torrents and
was carried in waves through the air by a
forty-mile wind. The damage to life and
property was very great.
Frederick Vetz, a steamboat carpenter,
was blown off a barge into the river and
drowned. Agnes Bolin, aged 3, was blown
over a back porch at 614 O'Failon street
and killed.
William Cedarstrom, boatkeeper for the
Scandinavian Yacht Club, who was on the
river in a rowboat, was drowned by the
swamping of his boat. Louis Traffinger,
bis wife and child were buried under the
; debris of their house and badly injured.
I The steeple of a church at Fifteenth and
I Walnut streets fell to the sidewalk, but no
one was injured. Three horses and two
mules were killed by the Jailing of the
smokestack of the Anthony & Kuhn
Brewery. The smokestack of the Liberty
Brewery fell, but injured no one.
Incalculable loss was done to shsde
trees, shrubbery and li^ht structures.
At Madison, near East 8L Louis, six
teen freightcarg were blown from the
track of the Chicago and Alton Railroad
and demolished. At Venice three houses
were blown down and tne sudden rush of
water washed out three culverts. Dr.
Hastings of Venice, with his horse and
buegy, was blown into the backwater of
the river.
Wires are down and reports of the
disaster come slowly.
ALMOST ANNIHILATED.
Work of the Cyclone at Panama, a Xe
bratka Village.
OMAHA, Nebr., May I.3.— Additional
reports from last evening's cyclone in
Douglas County show that Panama, a vil
lage several miles .northwest of this city,
suffered the most, being nearly entirely
wiped off the earth. Not a store building
remains.
Livery barns, hardware, implement and
general merchandise stores were smashed
like eggshells, and hardly a vestige of
them is to be seen . One man, whose name
cannot now be learned, was caught under
the timbers of a falling building and
fatally injured. No other fatalities have
so far been reported.
During the storm in this city a runaway
occurred which cost Peter Lowdall, a
driver, his life. He was thrown from a
wagon and the wheels passed over bis
body.
A COMMERCIAL SQUABBLE.
The Russian and British Dispute Over the
Occupation of the Foreshore of
j Chef oo. China.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 13.-In con
nection with the international complica
tions arising from the Russian and British
contest over the occupation of the fore
shore of Chefoo, China, as a steamship
landing, it is interesting to note that our
sole consular representative at this port is
a consular agent, Arthur K. Donnelly,
who is a British subject, and simply holds
his office by appointment Ironi our' Consul
at Tientsin, for the sake of the fees he
makes of it, which amounts to only a few
hundred dollars a year. Donnelly is, O f
course, engaged in other business.
Chefoo is a treaty port, open to foreign
SAX FRAXCISCO, THURSDAY MORXIXG, MAY 14, 1596.
commerce, but is not one of the five treaty
ports specifically opened to the United
Strtcs by the treaty of 1858.
Nevertheless there seems to be many
American interests represented there and
"J. Smith, agent," who is said to have
secured the coveted landing-place, is ac
credited with representing the Standard
Oil Company and various other American
interests.
There is nothing on file at the State De
partment to indicate that he has been, as
asserted from Shanghai, a representative
of American missions. Nothing was
heard from him in this regard when Che
foo was menaced by the Japanese during
the late war.
The State Department will call the at
tention of Sheridan P. Reid, our Consul at
Tientsin, to the matter; but it is scarcely
anticipated that any international com
plications can arise out of it as affecting
the United States. It is regarded a? simply
a commercial squabble between England
and Russia, with Russia at present on top.
Destroyed by an Earthquake.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 13.-The Her
ald's special cable from Panama says:
Mail advices received here from Guaya
quil, Ecuador, are to the effect ttiat great
damage was done in Quito and the in
terior.towns of the republic by the recent
earthquakes which destroyed the city of
Puerto Viejo-
Babahoyo and Ambato were great suf
ferers by the seismic disturbances, and the
loss of life was very great.
The Guayaquil correspondent cables
that the port of Bahia was visited Tuesday
by a hurricane of signal violence, accom
panied by subterranean thunder. All
along the coa?t of the province of Manaib
chasms of enormous extent have opened
in the earth.
NOT WITHIN THE CODE,
Judge Harrison Decides as to
Property Assess
ments.
Effort to Collect Just Taxes From the
Market-Street Company Is a
Failure.
«
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 13.— The ap
plication for a writ of mandate made by
A. Clunie against Assessor Siebe of San
Francisco to compel a reassessment of
the MarKet-street Railroad property in
San Francisco was denied by the Supreme
Court to-day on the ground that the ap
plication was not made in a proper man
ner. This property is bonded in the sum
of 117,500,000 and was assessed at a little
over $3,000,000, and the writ of mandate
was applied lor to compel an assessment
to the full valuation.
The opinion, which was written by
Judge Harrison, is lengthy, covering four
pages of type-written matter, but a
sy:;opsis of the opinion is to the effect that
the application fails to come within the
provisions of the section of the Political
Code it is made under.
This particular section of the code makes
provision for the assessment of property
which has escaped taxation, and fails to
apply to the Market-street Railroad prop
erty, inasmuch as said property has been
assessed for a certain sum. The court
furthermore holds that it is in no sense a
board of equalization, and consequently
holds no jurisdiction in this matter.
METHODISTS ON BAPTISM
A Spirited Controversy Over the
Subject in the General
Conference.
Three Bishops of the Church to Be
Retired by Reason of Ad
vanced Age.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 13.— 1n the
Methodist General Conference to-day sev
eral chancres in discipline recommended
by the Bishops were reported by the com
mittee on revisals. A warm fight occurred
over the adoption of a section relating to in
fant baptism. Dr. Buckley said that he
was satisfied that there were in the Bap
tist church over half a million members
who would now be In the Methodist church
if given the right to choose as to the way
to be baptized. He moved that that part
of the discipline be stricken out, co that
adults baptized in infancy might be al
lowed to be baptized again in any way
they might elect.
Dr. Leonard opposed the motion, and
said the motion would discredit infant
baptism, and be a step backward from the
great Methodist church.
Rev. W. S. Matthews (Southern Califor
nia) said he did not believe in discrediting
infant baptism, but did believe that adults
baptized in infancy should be given the
same right as unbaptized converts have.
The Bection was recommitted, with Dr.
Buckley's amendment, to the committee
on revisals.
The committee on episcopacy did not re
port in accordance with the instructions it
had received. Dr. Buckley stated that the
committee had as yet been unable to agree
upon the number of Bishops it would re
commend to be created, but that it would
be ready to report to the conference the
first thing to-morrow morning, after the
reading of the journal. The time for the
committee to report was extended to that
hour.
Though the committee was unable to re
port, this much is known of the nature of
the deliberations at the meetine. The
members agreed to recommend the retire
ment of Bishop Thomas Bowman, Bishop
R. S. Foster and Missionary Bishop Wil
liam Taylor of Africa, on account of their
inability to perform the arduous duties of
their positions by reason of advanced age.
This action will necessitate the election of
two regular bishops and one missionary
bishop.
A proposition to change the date of
meeting of the General Conference from
the Ist of May to the first Wednesday in
M ay created a sharp breeze.
The resolution provided for the calling
of extra sessions of the conference upon
the call of a sufficient number, and had
been passed upon by the annual confer
ences, which had adopted it by the neces
sary three-fourths vote.
Dr. Leonard objected to treating the
matter as a constitutional question, claim
ing that the conference has the power to
tix its own time of meeting.
Sargent of Indiana, Neely and Swindell
of Philadelphia and several others took
the opposite ground, and on being put to
a vote the changes were carried in the con
stitutional way by a vote of 697 to 19.
DEATH IN THE
SOULSBY MINE,
Workmen Overcome by the
Gas Arising From a
•Blast.
ONE DEAD WHEN FOUND.
Others Taken Out Unconscious
and Their Chances for Life
Are Slight.
HEROIC WORK OF RESCUERS.
Repeatedly Prostrated by the Fumes,
Only to Continue at Their
Labors.
STOCKTON, C\l., May 13.— An accident
shortly after noon to-day in the Soulsby
mine at Soulsbyville, about eight miles
from Sonora, caused th"c death of John
Mitchell and a number of other miners
were nearly suffocated.
The mine is under the charge of Super
intendent Lundber,:, and he had three
men— John Mitchell, D. Sullivan and
Albert Slutten— at work on the 130-foot
level. They were working in the drift, and
below them at the bottom of the shaft were
Clarence Fane and Richard Martin. Just
after 12 o'clock the men in the drift put in
a blast, which they fired; but after leaving
the place when the fuse was lighted they
went back asrain before the gas caused by
the explosion was out of the drift.
When they entered the gas-filJed drift
they were overcome by the noxious vapors,
and began calling for help. Those below
heard them, and sent up tlie bucket from
the bottom of the shaft. It was sent first
to Mitchell, but he was not able to get into
it, and fell back exhausted.
Richard Martin, who had been at the
bottom of the shaft, then went to their
assistance, and found that Sullivan was
supporting tikuten in his arms. They
were unable to help themselves, as the
fumes from the gas had them completely
under its inlluence.
As soon as Martin stepped into the en
trance oi the drift he too was overcome,
and sank exhausted to the bottom of the
tunnel or drift.
Fane dM not hear his comrade, who had
been working with him in the bottom of
the shaft, coini"x b»- k. -^ he too went up
to see what was the matter. When he
neared the entrance of the drift he soon
discovered that something was wrong, and
went on up to the Burface in search of
help. He went down again with Charles
Harry, but when he reached the opening
of the tunnel, where the other men lay un
conscious, he fell out of the buefcet and
landed on timbers thirty feet below. He
was badly Bruised but not dangerously
hurt.
After this Harry, in company with
Charles Roth and William Pierce, went
down four times before they could rescue
the men who were in the gas-filled drift.
The fumes were so dense that they could
not enter, and they had to go to the sur
face repeatedly for air. They finally suc
ceeded in bringing Sullivan, Slutten and
Fane to the top, and then went back for
Mitchell, who had suffered the worse from
the gases. When they got him to the sur
face he was dead. The others were in such
a condition that grave fears are entertained
for their recovery.
There were twelve men in the mine just
before the accident occurred, and Charles
Saunders and William Bradigan had just
left the drift a short time before the three
men had touched off the fuse.
There is great mourning in Soulsbyville
to-night, and the men who are suffering
from the results of their stay in the tunnel
are being given every possible aid. No
blame is attached to any one.
TO AID THE INSURGENTS,
Departure of an Armed Schooner
for the Scene of the
Conflict
She Carries Eighty Men and a Good
Supply of Arms and Am
munition.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May IS.— The
schooner Gladiator left Fort Meyers, Fla.
last night with arms ana ammunition for
the Cuban insurgents. She also carried
forty men and will pick up more at Key
Largo. Among the Americans on board
were J. D. Rose, newspaper correspondent ;
W. R. Washburn, inventor of rapid fire
guns and L. C. Stewart, a skilled engineer.
A. H. Harris, an expert at gunpowder
making, was also on board. Alfonso Gon
zales, a Cuban, commanded the expedi
tion.
AN ELECTION RUSE.
Alleged Scheme of Cleveland to Turn
the Cuban Trouble to Account.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 13.-A Re
corder special from Washington says:
From a Democrat possessing every op
portunity lor obtaining accurate informa
tion comes an intimation that President
Cleveland is contemplating a stroke in
Cuban affairs that will create a tremendous
stir on the very eve of the campaign for
the Presidency, and will inject an element
of uncertainty into the situation that has
not hitherto been looked for.
According to this authority, the sending
of Fitzhugh Lee to Havana is a political
event pregnant with sensational possibili
ties. General Lee goes to Cuba next week
and it is understood that he will bear
instructions from the President that will
lead to a report on the situation in the
island demanding immediate action by the
executive. The programme, it is said, is
for Lee to have this report ready just after
the convention at St. Louis ana just in
time for effect upon the convention at
Chicago.
In the few weeks elapsing between
General Lee's departure and the time
fixed for his report there will be hardly an
opportunity for him to make as complete
and conscientious an examination of
affairs in the island as might well be de
manded of one intrusted with so grave a
mission. He has no acquaintance with
the Spanish language, is entirely un
familiar with the topography of the island,
and will have no opportunity to leave
Havana for the purpose of personal inves
tieation. Consequently anytning he may
have to report must be wholly in line with
specific instructions handed to him before
his departure.
Some of General Lee's friends predict
that the Confederate veteran will secure
from his Cuban mission a renown almost
equal to that derived by him through the
fortunes of war. Lee's reputation is to be
utilized to gain National credence for the.
report he is directed to make and upon
which President Cleveland expects to act.
In corroboration of this it is pointed out
that Consul-General Williams has as
sumed entire charge of the Competitor
affair, and that although Lee is ready to
leave for his post Williams has been spe
cially requested to remain in Havana to
look after the interests of the United
States. It is also given out that Williams
will remain in Cuba after the arrival of
General Lee, and that he will Keep an eye
out on the legal affairs of the consulate
while Lee devotes himself especially to an
investigation of the contentions of the in
surrection.
Will Be Gire-n a "Snap" Trial.
LONDON, Esq., May 13.— The Standard
to-morrow will publish a dispatch from its
Havana correspondent saying that the
SOME OF THE BRAINY MEN WHO ENRICHED THE POPULIST CONVENTION DEBATES
AT SACRAMENTO.
[Character sketch** ma&e-ye*terdau by a " Call " Btaff artin.]
FREE SILVER, EQUAL SUFFRAGE, NO FUSION,
two prisoners last arrested, in connection
with the Competitor filibustering expedi
tion, will be tried by an ordinary naval
court-martial, with a view to their speedy
conviction.
CIVIL TRIALS DEMANDED.
Conaul'General Williams Presents the
Claim* of Filibusters.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 13.—Captain
j General Weyler ban extended temporarily
| the operation of the last, edict issued by
him, granting pardons 10 uMurgenta who
shall surrender to the authorities within a
specified time, so that it now applies to the
j provinces of Havana ana Matanzas.as well
as to the Pinar del Rio province.
United States Consul-General Williams
has presented to the authorities the claims
of two of the prisoners alleged to have
been members of the last filibustering ex
pedition and requested that the men be
I granted a civil trial on the ground that at \
i the time of their capture they were not
I bearing arms. He has also made a similar
j request on behalf of the Frenchman who
recently arrived here on an Americau
ship.
SUICIDE OF A MERCHANT.
The Head of a »u> Yorlt Tobacco Firm
/.,./» Ilia Life.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 13.-Edward
Friend of the firm of E. A' C. Friend <fe Co.,
dealw-s in tobacco, committed suicide last
night or this morning in Leggett's Hotel,
on Park row, by shooting himself in the
head. He reached the hotel at 3 o'clock
last evening, and, after registering as E.
Lewis of Philadelphia, was assigned to *.
room on the second floor. Shortly before
noon to-day a chambermaid, failing to get
into the room, reported the fact to the
clerk, and when the door was burst in Mr.
Friend was found lying on the floor with
two bullet holes in his right temple and
apparently been dead for some hours. No
body in the hotel heard the shots fired.
The reason for Mr. Friend taking his life
conld not be learned to-night.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
California Populists End
Their Deliberations at
Sacramento.
CATOR NOMINATED FOR
SENATOR.
Gilbert of Fresno Will Make the
Race for Lieutenant-
Governor.
HTJNTINGTONS FUNDING BILL
OPPOSED.
Appointment of a Tariff Commission
Favored— The Old Parties
Denounced.
SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA,
May 13, 1896.
I'nited Statei Senator — Thomas V.
Cator.
Lieutenant-Governor — James 1.. Oil
bert of Fresno.
Presidential Elector*) : At large— J. V.
Webster of San i.un Obispo, Daniel
McKay of Sacramento.
Presidential Electors— First District,
S. M. Buck of Humboldt; Second Dis
trict, C. W. Thresher of Butte ; Third
District, Samuel Stewart of Solano ;
Fourth District, Carleton H. Johnson of
San Francisco; Fifth District, Judge A.
W. Thompson of San Francisco ; Sixth
District, H. C. Dillon of Los Angeles ;
Seveuth District, D. T. Fowler of Fresno.
Congressmen— First District, George
\Y. Slonteith of Marin; Second District,
C. F. .McGlashan of Nevada; Third Dis
trict, deferred; Fourth District, de
ferred; Fifth District, deferred; Sixth
District, no nomination; Seventh Dis
trict, Dr. C. H. Castle of Merced.
Delegates at large — Alfred Daggett of
Tulare, E. M. Ward all of I.«>» Angeles,
M. E. Ditiuar of Shasta and John S.
Dora of Fresno.
District delegates to the National
Convention, First District — Frank
Houghton, J. M. C. Murphy, 1.. Leigh
ton. J. W. Keegitn and G. G. I. Brown.
Second District —F. S. Gladding of
Plumas, Thomas G. Reese of Butte, J.
H. McKune an d John A. Simons of
Sacramento and J. C. TVaybright of El
'Dorado.
Third Di«trlct— S. Stewart, of Solano,
W. A. V.inn of Colusa, John Garner of
Lake, N. U. Brown of Alameda and Ed
ward Maguire of Alanieda.
Fourth District— John C. Gore, E. S.
Barney, C N. Harris, W. E. Walker
and James Asbury Johnson.
Fifth District— Dr. T. W. Day wait of2
San Francisco, T. V. Cator of San Fran
cisco, J. X- Welch of San Jose, M. W.
A\ iI K i !i- of San Jose and J. IV. Uines of
San .!..»..
Sixth District— J. K. Burnett, In 91.
1)c\1«t. K. !■:. Curran, i;. M. Hamilton
and J. L. Steele.
Seventh District— E. D. Duncanßon of
San Bernardino, C. F. Bennett of
Orange, J. L,. Dryden of San Diego,
George F. Elliott of San Benito and W.
H. Gilstrap of Tulare.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., May 13.— The
work of the Populist State Convention is
shown in the list above and in the plat
form to be found in another column.
The personnel of the convention was
probably higher in point of ability and In
some other directions than any of its
predecessors. It was sufficiently varied to
kaleidoscope all colors of the political rain
bow. It contained a Populist Sheriff from
Shasta, filty or sixty Grand Army veter
ans, a member of the Populist City Board
of Education of Los Anpeles, a clergyman
from the orange belt with a stentorian
voice advertising stridently and sonorously
the salubrity of the climate of the sunny
south; a man who drove big-beaded hob
nails into the soles of his shoes and walked
from Healdsburg to Sacramento; a man
who rode in a rickety cart from Lakeport
to the capital, an ex-candidate for Gover
nor; two Populists who wore silk hats— a
dangerous innovation from San Francisco
— all earnest men, most of them with
whiskers.
Then there was an ex-socialist leader
and a surprisingly large number of ora
tors, ranging all the way down the gamut
of eloquence from the high C of iShasta. a
Mr. Many-Initialed Murphy, to Fulton of
Los Angeles whom the chairman's ina
bility to recoguize worried very much.
Every man on the floor almost seemed to
be a natural-born orator, and wanted to
make a speech on almost every subject. It
was for this reason that the second and
final day's session was protracted toward
the midnight hour. It was an enthusias
tic convention, the cheering and zip-zip of
the delegates being the loudest and most
prolonged when Thomas V. Cator was
nominated for United States Senator.
THIS IS THE PLATFORM,
It Favors Free Silver, Equal Suffrage
and a Tariff Commission and
Opposes Fund Ing.
SACRAMENTO. Cai.., May 13.—Follow
ing is the platform as adopted in its en
tirety by the Populists :
We demand the enfranchisement of women
upon the same terms now enjoyed by men, and
lo that end pledge our rotes and most earnest
efforts to procure the adoption by the people
of this State at the next general election of the
eleventh amendment to the constitution.
The People's party of the State of California
reaffirm the principle of the Omaha platform
and demand direct legislation by the initiative
and referendum and proportional representa
tion.
We denounce the policy of the Democratic
and Republican parties in maintaining the
gold standard and in issuing bonds to pur
chase gold to pay National obligations winch
are, on ;heir face and by law, payable in
eitner goid or silver coin. And we condemn
the hypocrisy of the Republican party for de
nouncing G rover Cleveland for so issuing
bonds while it h.is, by its representatives in
Congress upheld that policy and lias refused
to vote for bills presented by Populist Senators
to restrain the issue of such bonds without the
consent of Congress.
We renew and emphasize ourdemand for the
free and unlimited coinage of silver as well as
gold at the ratio of lt> to 1, as a full legal
tender and without reference to any other
nation.
We request our delegates to the National
Convention to present the following for its
consideration: "We favor genuine protection
to American labor by the restriction of the im*
migration of foreign labor and by a true Amer
ican system of finance which will render
justice to labor and industry and restrain the
evils of usury; and we demand the creation of
a National non-partisan tariff tribunal of ex
perts by Congress, which shall be subject to
the control ot Congress, to the end that tariff
agitation may be taken out of politics, and to
the end that tarill' schedules shall be so ad
justed that the benefit derived therefrom shall
result to labor and not to trusts; and we de
nounce the Democratic and Republican par
ties for refusing to properly restrict immigra
tion of foreign labor when having power so to
do in Congress."
We demand that whenever a monopoly be
comes oppressive it shall be taken possession
of by, and owned and operated in the interest
of, the people, just remuneration being first
niAde for the property taken.
We oppose and denounce all bills to refund
or extend the payments of the Pacific railroad
debts; and we oppose any settlement by which
these roads are to remain in the hands of any
private person or corporation, unless these
debts are paid in full at maturity; and unless
6o paid we demand that the Government, by
virtue of terms of its mortgages, enter into
and take possession of these roads, and operate
the same as National enterprises in the in
terest of the people; and upon foreclosure, if
there is a deficiency, that the Government
pursue every legal or equitable remedy to re
cover any such, deficiency from those respon
sible therefor.
We view with apprehension the encroach
ments oi the Federal judiciary upon the lib
erties of the people, as evidenced by the de
cisions in the recent contempt in income tax
cases, and are therefore in favor of an amend
ment to the National constitution prohibiting
those tribunals or any other courts from an
nulling any Congressional act without the con
currence of the people by a referendum vote.
Retfolvid, That we condemn the dishonest
action ot such assessors in this State as are
habitually and corruptly underestimating the
values of the proDerty'oi the banks, corpora
tions and wealthy classes of this common
wealth.
Resolved, That we pledge the People's party
to nominate. assessors who will obey the law,
ol^erve their oaths and as6ess such properties
in the manner required by the constitution.
We furthermore protest against the collection
of taxes on personal property in this State by
lorced levy and sale without process of court;
and we pledge ourselves to the repeal of the
iniquitous statute that permits it at the next
session of the Legislature. Believing as we do
that the polltax is a wrong aud a burden on
the masses, therefore, we pledge our Assembly
nominees, if elected, that they will work for
the repeal of this obnoxious and unjust law.
We favor good roads. The People's party is
pre-eminently the party of public improve
ments;, and were its financial demands in oper
ation all roads would be made good.
We favor the support of the free public school
system, and oppose public moneys being used
for sectarian schools.
We condemn the legislation of a Government
which permits a vast army of its citizens to
hopelessly beg for employment, while public
highways and public works are parceled out
to favorite contractors. We demand that all
public work shall be carried on without the
intervention of contractors, under skilled su
perintendents, and that preference be given in
all such work to our own unemployed citizens.
We favor homes as the true foundation of a
free and happy people, and we further favor an
amendment to the constitution exempting
from taxation all properly of each head ot a.
famiiy in this State to the extent of $500. And
we favor a graduated tax upon land, whereby
the ratio of tax shall increase as the value of
land is greater in single hand, to the end that
great estates in land maybe broken up and
that land monopoly may be destroyed.
We demand that salaries of public officials,
which in many instances remain as high as in
times of prosperity, shall be reduced in the
proportion that the prices of products and
property have fallen, and that county offices
be consolidated wherever practicable. We
promise to conduct the government of this
State efficiently upon a tax of fifty cents upon
the one hundred dollars, and we oondemnboth
Republican and Democratic administrations
in this State for having broken their platform
pledges in this respect and for an extravagance
whereby almost as much money is levied to
carry on tlfe aifairs of this State us is levied to
conduct the State government of New York.
Resolved, That we favor a union of reform
forces at St. Louis on July 22, provided it can
be beneficially effected without the sacrifice of
any of the principles of the People's party. We
oppose any proceeding by which the People's
party convention shall sit with or join any
other convention or admit any but the dele
gates elected to the People's party National
Convention.
DEBATING THE ISSUES.
Kacli Plank of the Party Platform
Adopted After Careful Con
sideration.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 13.— The
first business taken up by the convention
at 9 o clock this morning was the report
Secretary W. T. Hamilton of the Populist Convention at Sacramento.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business. Everything
went on smoothly until the seventh order,
the nomination of a United States Sena
tor, was reached, when a score of dele
gates threw themselves into the fray.
The battle raged hotly during nearly
the whole of the afternoon. Fierce gentle
men, gnashing their teeth and roaring at
the full strength of their lungs, shook
their fists at the clock in the gal Mr y in
the effort to shout down the equally fierce
gentlemen frantically calling for points of
order and the previous question.
In the midst of the tempest Chairman
Barlow ruled that after the previous ques
tion had been put and carried, the side
which opened the discussion had tlie right
to close. In this ruling the chair was sup
ported by D. T. Fowler of Fresno.
Haskell of San Francisco took the floor
and asked in a most excited manner
whether the convention proposed to defer
the naming of a United States Senator
and allow it to be done at the session of
the Legislature "by a body of men
sneaking here and jobbing there" in the
interest of monopolies.
Van Meter of Fresno followed with the
declaration that Mr. Cator, the gentleman
named, was a personal friend of his and
was his choice for t!ie senatorship. "But
I want to say to yoil," he added, "that
you are never as near to the people as the
men who are elected by tbe people to the
Legislature. You were not voted for by
the people, but you were chosen by dele
gates selected at a caucus or at pumaries,
and God knows in what other ways."
Van Meter's speech raised a shout of
dissent, and before the confusion had sub
sided, J. Asbury Johnson of San Fran-
Cisco was in front of tbe speaker's desk.
While all around him were excited, Mr.
Johnson was perfectly cool and self-pos
sessed. He made a logical speech devoid
of claptrap or noise, and made a marked
impression upon his hearers. He beiran
by asking pointedly whether any of his
hearers would be willing to send delegates
to a State convention with the agreement
that they would frame a platform, but to
name no candidate for President and Vice-
President, and leave it for the Presidential
Electors to decide after they shall have
been elected. The thing was an absurdity,
he said. He asked whether the same
principle and the same law did not prevail
exactly when they named their candidates
for the Legislature to vote for.
Mr. Johnson createa a sensation whin
he charged that the opposition was en
gaged in a scheme to prevent the naming
of a United States Senator by the conven
tion for the purpose of leaving the way
open for an arrangement to fuse for the
re-election of the Democratic Senator from
California— Stephen If. White— or some
other Democrat.
"You c.innot consistently say to the
man whom we desire to name," continued
Mr. Johnson, "that, although we nomi
nated him for United States Senator two
years ago, he must on this occasion go
before the Legislature and make his battle
there."
At this point the convention was thrown
into a wild state of confusion by calls for
the previous question and demands that
the debate be allowed to go on. Chairman
Barlow ruled that the close of the debate
would be granted to Vann of Colusa, who,
he stated, had opened it. There were cries
of objection to the chair's ruling, and so
vociferous were these that in a heat the
chairman shouted back at the members:
"If you don't like my ruling vote it
down."
Some one claimed that Judge Gibson of
Aiameda bad opened the debate, and the
chairman then stated that this gentleman
would be permitted to close. This method
of piocedure of allowing debate after the
previous question had been called for
raised such a general protest that Chair
man Barlow was finally compelled to re
verse himself and to declare all debate
closed till the call for tbe previous ques
tion was voted upon. The vote for the
previous question was carried, and then
a rollcall was demanded on tne main ques
tion — Shall a candidate be named for
United States Senator?
Following is the result of the rollcall :
COUNTIES.
| Yes. | No.
AlainecU.
A mart or
Butte
CmUveru
Colusa
Contra Cost*.
El D0rad0..... A •„.
Fresno .7.
Glenn
Humboldt... ...
Inyo
Kern .-;
Kings _
Lake
Los Anvelea „
Mailers
Marln "...
Maripoaa ; ..,
Mendoclno ..;
Merced ; ....
Modoc. ...
Mono •. '.
Monterey.. '.'..
Napa.
Nevada.
0range........ ,• '.....
Placer : ,
l'lllllKlS .."....;..
Riverside
Sacramento
Kan Be to ;„.
San Bernard) uo
San Diego. ...:...:
San Francisco
San Jonquin
Han Luis oblspo
Santa Raroara
Santa Clara
Santa Cruz. .
Shasta-
Silkiyou ,
fcolano-... ;.
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Suiter... ;.....•;
Tenatna
Tatars
Tuolnmae. ;....
Ventura....
Y010.......
Vuba
11
.4
1
4
6
......
8
......
4
16
2
2
4
6
4
4
6
4
6
5
6
9
'**§
■■"4"
2
10
1
2
4
1
"1"'
...„.
11
4
7
10
20
G
7
I
6
7
7
6
"3'
7
4
4
6
6
4
5
1
4
-T
I
"3'
■■■3"
Total
248
68
This victory for Cator was greeted with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
| great applause and the vote was made
I unanimous.
The proposition to assess all who nomi
nated candidates for office $10 each was
defeated.
The next matter taken up was a resolu
tion providing that all resolutions should
be handed up to the desk without being
j read, provided that the author of any reso
lution should uave the privilege of read
ing it in case ot its rejection by the com
mittee on platform. This was unani
mously carried.
The report of the committee on p«r
mnnent organization and order of business
recommended that C. H. Castle of Merced
be appointed vice-president of the conven
tion, and that the temporary officers o f
the convention be made the permanent
■officers. This was adopted with a shout
and a recess was taken till 1 r. m.
After the noon recess the platform was
read by Professor Douglass T. Fowler of
Fresno. He has a fine voice and a very
clear enunciation and not a syllable was
lost. Nearly every plank in the platform
was greeted with cheers and yells, many
of the delegates standing on their chairs
and waving their hats wnile they cheered.
The greatest applause greeted the plank
denouncing the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Out of courtesy to the fair sex the
woman-euffrage plank was taken up first
and was adopted with a shout and much
cheering and waving of hats. The air was
full of enthusiasm and Susan B. Anthony
was affected to tears. She was called to
the platform and in a voice showing traces
of much agitation said that like Zacharlas
she had not come the Lord to see, but to j
see the 300 men before her. She thanked j
the convention on behalf not only of !
the women of the State of California
but of every State in the Union,
who were looking to California and wait
ing and hoping that this convention wouid
pass the resolution. She was sure that
when the news was flashed over tiie wire
the people in the far East will chorus,
"Glory, glory, hallelujah!'' for the Popu
list party of California. Sne was more
gratified and rejoiced at the action of the
Californian political parties to far than shn
had words to express.
"I could not take a single word from
your resolution or add to it, it is so well
and so strongly worded," she added.
The speaker advised the friends of wo
man suffrage not to relax in their efforts
to convert unbelievers among their neigh
bors. Woman suffrage was simply estab
lishing in a man's family a republican
form of government. She called attention
to the fact that in New York State the
property of women is assessed at a much
higher value proportionately than that of
men. Because women could not vote they
could not complain, and like the poor man,
who is taxed higher in proportion than is
the rich man, they were obliged to suffer
under this injustice.
When the plank indorsing the Omaha
platform and demanding direct legislation
came up an attempt was made to add the
words "imperative mandate" to it, but
after considerable waste of time and
words in which frequent claims were made
by the speakers that they had "studied the
subject the plank was adopted as origi
nally presented.
The anti-bond plank went through with
out an objection.
Haskell of San Francisco moved that the
two financial planks be consolidated into
one, but the motion did not prevail. Judge
Dillon Introduced the following substitute
for the financial plank:
We are in lavor of sound money, and define
the same to consist of gold and silver and the
United States notes, full legal tender for all
debts, private and public, issued by the Gen
eral Government, without the intervention of
banking corporations, and in volume sufficient
to transact the business of the country on a
cash basis, and demand the restoration of sil\-er
to the place it occupied before the demonetiza
tion act of 1873.
After a brief discussion the substitute j
was laid upon the table and the financial
plank demanding the free coinage of Bilver
at 10 to 1 was adopted unanimously.
The plank on the non-panisan tariff '
tribunal, over which the committee had
wrangled for several hours last night, was
the next to be taken up for consideration.
It was read as follows:
We request our delegates to the National I
Convention to present the following for its I
consideration: "We favor genuine protection j
to American hibor by the restriction of the
immigration of foreign labor, and by a true I
American system ot finance which will render
justice to labor and industry and restrain the !
evils of usury ; and we demand the creation of i
a National non-partisan tribunal of experts by I
Congress, which shall be subject to the con
trol of Congress; to the end that tariff agita
tion may be taken out ftf politics; and to the
end that tariff schedules shall bo so adjusted j
that the benefit derived therefrom shall result
to labor and not to trusts; and we denounce
the Democratic and Republican parties for re- I
fusing to properly restrict immigration of
foreign labor whan having power so to do in
Congress."
J. V. Webster of San Luis Obispo offered
to amend by striking out all after the
word "using" down to the words "and we
denounce," ana inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
So long as an import duty is necessary we
favor a reflsonable tariff on imports for the
purposes of revenue and protection lo Ameri
can labor.
Motheral of Kings County declared him
self to be a Southern man and in favor of
free trade, and he therefore opposed the
amendment.
t?. E. Fulton of Los Angeles moved to
lay the entire plant on the plank.
Professor Douglass T. Fowler of Fresno
addressed the convention at length on be
half of the tariff commission plank. He
wanted something when he went before
the people of all classes by which he could
claim that the Populists could regulate
this as it had never been regulated by the
old parties. The question was a selfish
one, he agreed. If a man lived in the
south he wanted a tariff on raisins, and if
he lived in the north he wanted a high
tariff on sometning else. In order to
ascertain what a man's opinions were on
the tariff it was necessary not only to
know whether he came from the north
or the south, but also bis business
mutt be known. The tariff should
be taken out of politics because business
in the United States was overturned every
time there was a Congressional or a Presi
dential election. Representative business
men of the country would meet this
month in Detroit for the purpose of taking
the tariff out of politics as far as it could
be done, ana they proposed to ask for a
tariff commission <jt tribunal to deal with
this most disturbing matter. What the
Populists wanted was protection to all the
people. They favored the genuine protec
tion of American labor by a restriction of
the immigration of foreign labor. The
door to this undesirable kind of immigra
tion had been opened by monopolists who
desired to cut down the wages oi Amer
ican labor by importing into this country
cheap foreien labor.
"Let us have something high enough,
something honc-.-t enough, something
scientific enough to deal with this matter,
be said.
J. V. Webster said that from the expres
sion on the floor of the convention and in
the committee he was confident that the
majority of the convention would not be
disposed to strike out the tariff-commis
sion clause, but he knew that many dele
gates were opposed to the tariff commis
sion. The tariff commission as proposed
stood absolutely the creature of Congress
and was absolutely under its control. It
had to report its work to Congress, and it
had no authority of itself at all.
"Did you ever hear of a Congress,"
asked Mr. Webster, "composed of at least
two parties, each in antagonism to the
other, appointing a non-partisan commis
sion? If this power was placed in the
hands of the President (here might be a
probability of a nun-partisan commission
being appointed. After these experts
should have formulated this proposition
ttiey have nothing to do but to submit it
to Congress, so that it becomes merely a
committee of Congress and nothing else.
It is perfectly impracticable."
Judge Thompson of San Francisco spoke
in favor of the resolution. He thought
that its controlin. idea was admirable
and that it was not altogether novel. The
chief measures demanding reform, accord
ing to his view, were civil service and the
tariff. The people bad become rid of lots
of evil things by means of the civil service
tribunal. The proposed plt>nk would take
the tariff question away from Congress
and place it in the hand.- of a tribunal
which will be responsible upon that prop
osition alone. The Interetate Commerce
Commission had the same good feature.
It was a ditlicult and technical work to
regulate a tariff.
"1 might as well go to a blacksmith to
fill my teeth," continued Judge Thomp
son, "as to go to the average Congressman
to get this tariff question settled."
Rev. C. H. Bowiaan of Loa Angeles a i
vocated the passage of the resolution as it
stood. Some delegates, he said, looked
upon this plank as an innovation, as a
novelty in the People's party platform.
In the Omaha pkitiorm there was a dis
tinct declaration on the tariff question,
where it was stated that the People's party
denounced the faliacv of the treatment of
the tariff question by both parties, and
this plank simply pointed out the nature
of that fallacy which was used as a means
ot deception upon the people of this Na
tion. The reverend gentleman became
warmed up at this >tage, and proceeded:
"Those who say, 'Protection and sound
money,' hypocritically deceive the people
on this subject and try to make us believe
that those old parties are the protectors of
the people— hypnotizing the people under
the cry of protection while robbers are
plundering the Nation. Let us thus go
before the people of this country. If I
should be called upon to carry the banner
of Populism over this State I want to take
this resolution to put into my sling to slay
the Goliath of this deceptive tariff issue."
Woods of Sacramento, a long haired
man, who keeps a hotel on the city front,
caused a laugh by remarking: "VV"e have
hud high protection nnd low protection,
free traae and the tariff in every shape,
form and fashion, and this country has
gone to hades."
M. If. Wilkins, editor of the >~ew Char
ter, a Populist organ published in San
Jo*e, said that he was a free-trader, and
that if bis belief were to be inaugurated in
the government oi the country chaos
would be the result. The plank was only
a recommendation to the National Con
gress at best, and even though that Con
gress should indorse it it would not be
come a factor in tho National Government
until Populism became successful, and
when that time came the matter would be
in their own government. He thought
that the tdoption oi the pianK would be a
wiae more, and he hoped that it would be
adopted.
J. Si. C. Murphy of Shasta announced
that he had changed his- miud, and would
vote for the resolution.
Vann of Colusa denounced the plank as
a straddling of the issue.
"Nothing of the kind, sir," remarked J.
As'nury Jonnson of San Francisco.
Vann was interrupted by loud cries of
aniiry dissent, and he appealed to the
chair to be given a respectful hearing. He
continued to areue that tl.e fact that the
tariff did not ligure in the Populist plat
form was the chief element of its strength.
In the Populist party the ex-Republican
would be found on one side of the tariff
proposition and the ex-Democrat on the
other.
"Just as sure as you force this tariff
issue into the platform you will split this
party in two, shou'ed Vann. "Take the
Democratic and the Republican parties in
Congress, and you will find that they
never voted solidly as a party upon any
issue other than the tariff. This commis
sion will be nothing more or less than a
committee appointed by Congress."
T. V. Cator followed with a ringing
speech. He said that for the last twenty
five years the people had had nothing but
the tariff question drilled into them. In
the Omaha convention the subject of the
tariff was discussed for an entire day and
references to tbe tariff appeared in throe
different places in the Omaha platform.
When the Populist should go before the
people in the Presidential campaign of
1896 the first question to be asked him
would be, "If the Populists get into power,
will they let tlie Wilson bill stand?" and
he would have to answer that question.
Mr. Cator proceeded:
"The gentleman says that it is a strad
dle. On the contrary this is the first
declaration by any party that is not a
straddle. The Republican State Con
vention which met here last week
had a plank to restrict the im
migration of pauper labor, and we all
know that that's a straddle and merely
repeats the present law. In the United
States we liave received less than 2,000,000
votes, and tliere are 12,000,000 votes which
we must have, and they are the votes of
people whose minds are saturated with
this tariff question. This is new and no
straddle, but it is scientific, proper and
itist. Congress must pass a law and the
President must appoint a non-partisan
commission. Congress must retain con
trol over it also, so that when this scien
tific commission shall have gathered its
data one element of the lobby cannot say
to the other 'Give me 80 per cent on coal
and I'll give you 80 per cent on lumber.'
That is why tariff bills go through Con
gress with scarcely any opposition.
"Whatever benefit there is in this thing
will accrue to labor and not to the trusts.
This plank haß been carefully considered
and discussed by the committee, and it is
a dangerous thins to tamper with it after
all the hours we have devoted to it. All
the possibilities that are before us are for
good, there is no possibility of evil. The
great national convention will act wisely
and we snould not be afraid. We have
nothing to fear by putting ourselves
squarely on record on any proposition."
J. V. Webster here announced that,
taking everything into consideration, he
would vote for the resolution rather than
not to vote at all, and he therefore with
drew his amendment. The resolution was
carried by a viva voce vote, there being
very few nays.
E. M. Wardell moved that the consider
ation of the platform be temporarily set
aside to hear and act upon the report and
plans of the State Central Committee. The
motion was- carried and Mr. Wardell then
called upon N. W. Motheral of Kings to
address the convention on the matter of
raising funds for the campaign. He stated
that each member of the State Central
Committee had agreed to contribute $6.
"We have a deficiency," he said, "to pay
and have also to raise money to carry on
the campaign; we want each delegate to
sign for what he is willing to give and then
want him to go home and raise money
from every man who votes the People's
party ticket. Twenty cents for each vote
cast at the last election will give us enough
to carry on the campaign as we desire."
M. W. Wiikins recommended that each
In the Woman's Corner at the Populist Convention-
county delegation be appointed a financial
board, with power to add to its number
until every precinct in the State had at
least one member of this financial board.
He also recommended the Kansas picnic
plan.
J. L. Gilbert of Fresno made an eloquent
appeal to tbjt loyalty and generosity of
the assemblage.
Rev. W. C. Bowman of Los Angeles gave
a revival flavor to the situation by preach
ing on the evils of money as a preliminary
to showing the members how they might
advantageously ri 1 themselves of "at least
a part of tueir worldly goods. He declared
that as Christ was the spiritual salvation
of the world, so vis the People's party to
be the political salvation of tbe American
Nation. Continung, he said:
"Why, they talk of the American Pro
tective Association! We need three pro
tective associations to free and protect us
from the slavery we are held in by the
plutocracy of capitalists and monopolists.
I tell yoii, the Pejple's party is tbe great
American protect ye party. 1 pray you go
deep down into /our pockets to support
this crusade aga.nst the enslavement of
the 60,000,000 white slaves held in the
power of the wealth-owners."
J. S. Dore of Fresno, on behalf of the
executive commitiee, pledged that body to
expend the $10,0*0 required for the next
campaign honestly and honorably.
The roll was called, and each county,
through its chairman, as it was an
nounced, pledged itseif to contribute to
tbe campaign fun-1 its proportion, based
on 20 cents for each Populist vote cast at
the last election. These amounts ranged
from $40 for Tuolumne to $1200 for San
Francisco. Meanwhile, blank pledges as
follows were distributed among the dele
gates:
I agree to pay to the treasurer of the State
Central Committee of the P»>ople"s party $
per month from May 15 to November 15, 189<>.
After all the counties had been pledged
the hat was passed around and coin and
pledges gathered in. This completed the
afternoon session, and an adjournment
was taken until 7 P. M.
It was 7:30 o'clock when the evening
session began. The work of considering
the planks of the platform seriatim was
continued. The anti-monopoly, anti
funding and the anti-Supreme Court
planus were adopted without debate.
On the reading of the plank protesting
against dishonest assessments an amend
ment in favor of the abolition of the poll
tax was adopted after B. Haskell had
talked himselt red in the face in a denun
ciatory effort to make ciear the objection
able character of the law governing the
collection of taxes. The plank as amended
was then adopted.
No time was lost over the good roads,
unsectarian school, labor, graduated tax
and salary-reduction planks. Each was
adopted as read.
Tnen came the last plank — that on union
with "reform forces at St. Louis." As ex
pected, this precipitated a hot debate,
albeit short. Scarcely had the reading of
it been concluded when E. F. Maguire of
Aiameda proposed an amendment strik
ing out the iirst sentence.referring to union.
Speaking to the amendment he asked:
"What does that ciause mean? Are
there any other reform forces than the
People's party which work oa the lines on
which we are working?"
He then registered his position as fol
lows :
"I am opposed to this convention pass
' ing any resolution that will allow any
hole through which to crawl into coali
ition with the silver or any other men. I
propos > to stand squarely by the Omaha
platform."
J. M. C. Murphy of Shasta declared that
the resolution itself provided that there
should be no sacrifice of any of the prin
ciples of the Omaha platform, and con
tinued:
"1 think that if the silver party will join
with us it is right for U3 to accept its
! members. lam in favor of using all re
form elements throughout the United
States if they will come to us and stand
on our platform. I say that there are
thousands of people who are not mem-
I bers of the People's party who want re
form, and it is our duty to see that those
people come with us, for we have got the
best platform on God's green earth."
M. M. Wilkins, much to the surprisa of
many of the delegates, spoke in favor of a
union. He said:
"I don't want fusion, but union on the
lines specified we do want. We want a
union of all honest people, and I favor the
original resolution. I don't see what
more we ask than what this resolution sets
forth — union without sacrifice of prin
ciples. I assure the gentlemen of the con
vention that we who have been opposed to
fusion are well satisfied with this plank."
D. T. Fowler spoke in favor of the
original resolution, saying:
"I believe there is no word in this re
solution that sacrifices one jot or tittle of
the principles of the People's party."
After a few further remarks t>y other
delegates the amendment was defeated,
the last plank in the platform adopted,
and then the entire document was adopted
as a whole.
CATOR FOR SENATOR.
The San Francisco Disciple of Populism
Given the Nomination by Ac
clamation.
SACRAMENTO, Cai,., May 13.— After
the adoption of tbe platform in the Popu
list Convention nominations for United
States Senator were declared to be in order
and Carleton H. Johnson of San Francisco
took the floor and presented the name of
the Hon. Thomas V. Cator, a man whose
record, Mr. Johnson said, was familiar to
every member of the convention.
"I need not enlarge upon his services to
the party," continued Mr. Johnson, "his
qualifications, his virtue and his long and
honorable record, therefore I nominate tbe
unanimous choice of San Francisco — the
Hon. Thomas V. Cator."
The nomination was seconded by D. T.
Fowler of Fresno on behalf of Fresno
County. The speaker explained that
whatever opposition had been heard from
Fresno against the nomination of a can
didate for Lieutenant - Governor at this
time there had never been a question of
personal opposition in any way. The
speaker paia a high compliment to Mr.
Cator for his distinguished and unselfish
services to the Populist paity.
Dillon of Los Angeles, Vann of Colusa,
Wilkins of Santa Clara, J. V. Webster of
San Luie Obispo, Gladding of Placer, Gay
lor of Tehama and others seconded the
nomination and alluded to Mr. Cator as
one of the old guards of Populism in this
State,
Mr. Cator was declared nominated by
acclamation, and the announcement of
the result was greeted with most enthusi
astic cheering, the members rising to their
seat- and applauding again and again.
Mr. Cator. in response to repeated calls,
took the platform and thanked the con
vention for the honor. He said that when
he had received from the hands of former
Populist conventions a similar nomina
tion he did not expect that he would be
elected. "But," he added, "I believe, as
much as I believe that I stand this hour
before you, that you will elect your candi
date for Senator "of the United States from
California." [Prolonged cheering.]
i% lt nas been said occasionally— and is
true— that I have some enemies, ar.d I
hope that the hour will never come in the
history of the People's pariy of California
or in any other State when it shall com
mend any man lor high office who in the
aggressive warfare for principle has not
made any enemies at all. In condemning
men who have attempted to steal away
anil sidetrack our party these many years
I have come in conflict with that element
of human nature which always seeks some
way of hindering the success of a glorious
movement.
"I am willing to wait until this move
ment car. succeed upon principle, and I
demand that every other man in the party
shall do the same. I believe that I have
never seen the hour in my life when I con
sidered my personal situat.on or the effect
upon me of anything that I should do if it
was right."
Mr. Cator spoke of the unfavorable re
ception which his resolution on the tariff
commission had met on the night before
in the committee on platform and resolu
tions. A friend had warned him tnat if
he did not withdraw the resolution he
would be defeated on the floor of tbe con
vention for the nomination for United
States Senator, fie had refused to with
draw the resolution because he believed it
to be right, and he would rather have lost
the Senatorial nomination than to have
receded trom a position which he believed
to be right. This statement by Mr. Cator
was loudly cheered.
The speaker then proceeded to discuss
the question of fiftt money, and at the
conclusion of his address he was applauded
to the echo.
Nominations for Lieutenant-Governor
were declared in order. James L. Dryden
of San Diegp paid a magnificent tribute to
the moral and intellectual qualifications
of James L. Gilbert of Fresno and placed
him in nomination for the office. There
were a dozen or more seconding speeches,
and Mr. Gilbert's nomination was made
unanimous.
A rather unique and interesting episode
occurred at this point, the chairman re
questing the soldiers who had fought in
the late war on either side to rise to their
feet. Thirty-six responded. As explained
by one of the warriors, this was done to
refute the charge that there were no old
soldiers allied with the People's party.
Some one stated that a canvass earlier in
tne day, before any member had left tbe
convention hall, showed there were sixty
soldiers accredited to the convention. On
this Chairman Barlow said in tones of glee
and triumph:
"Compare that with tbe 'G. O. P.' gang."
The next order of business was the nom
inaiion of two electors at large. Secretary
W. T. Hamilton of Sacramento, who was
not a delegate, nominated Daniel McKay
of Sacramento. Judge E. M. Gibson of
Aiameda nominated J. V. Webster of San
Luis Obispo. Both were unanimously
chosen.
After the election of delegates the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted unani
mously :
Resolved, That we extend onr hearty sympa
thy to the people of Los Angeles in their strug
gle to have a deep-sea harbor constructed at
San Pedro in accordance with the recommen
dations of Government engineers and to pre
vent tbe expenditure of $3,000,000 of the peo
ple's money for the use and benefit of the
Southern Pacific Company of Kentucky at us
private wharf at Santa Monica.
Resolved, That we here express our earnest
sympathy witn the Cuban people in their
struggle for constitutional liberty and extend
to them the hand of fellowship and hope,
trusting that Almighty God will crown with
success their heroic efforts.
Retolved. That thl« convention requests the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners to grant
space for a free market north of the passenger
landings in San Francisco; and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
forwarded by the secretary of this convention
to the State Harbor Commission.
Resolutions of thanks to the Secretary
of State for the many courtesies received
were adopted and similar ones to the press
and their representatives for the full, fair
and accurate reports of the convention.
Haskell of San Francisco announced
that some one of the delegates would re
sign and that James Asbury Johnson of
San Francisco would go to the National
Convention in his stead.
At 11:30 p. m. a recess was taken for the
purpose of allowing tbe Bixth and Seventh
Congressional districts an opportunity of
selecting their electors and delegates, and
at 1:10 a. m. the Sixth District convention
was engaged in debating whether it should
nominate a Congressman at this time or
not.
At 1:20 a. m. the Sixth District conven
tion decided to postpone the question of
the nomination of a Congressman to some
future time this morning, and the State
Convention was then called to order for the
purpose of receiving the reports of the
nominations made by the district conven
tions foi electors and delegates.
After transacting some routine business
and thanking its officers, the State Con
vention at 1:50 o'clock adjourned, sine die,
with three cheers for the ticket and the
platform. Then the Sixth District Con
vention resumed its session and discussion
on the nomination of a Congressman.
Technical Dtcinion Against a Jfegro.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 13. — The
Supreme Court yesterday handed down
a decision sustaining the action of a
Bloomington druggist who refused to sell
soda water to a negro on account of his
color. The court holds that the selling of
soda water does rot constitute the furnish
ing of lodging, amusement or meals, as
provided for in the act.
An Addition to the J'ublic Itomnin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— 8y
direction of the President the War Depart
ment has turned over part of the military
reservation of Fort Niobrara, Nebr.. to the
Interior Department for disposition under
the law governing useless and abandoned
reservations.
Increasing I'oxtoffice Receipt*. '■
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 13.— The
gross receipts of the thirty largest post
offices in the United Btates for the month
of April, 1886, as compared with 1895, were
$2,836,030, against $2,662,914 in 1895, a net
increase of $173,116.
HAMMOND'S FATE
IS PRONOUNCED.-
The Transvaal Reformers
Said to Have Been
Sentenced.
FIVE YEARS IN PRISON.
Leaders of the Johannesburg
Conspirators Given Long
Terms in Captivity.
LENIENT TO LESSEE LIGHTS.
One Year's Imprisonment the Punish
ment Meted to the Rank
and File.
BERLIN, Germany, May 13.— A private
telegram received in this city states that
the sentences of Colonel Francis Rhodes,
brother of Cecil Rhodes, ex-Premier of the
Cape Colony; John Hays Hammond, the
American mining engineer; Lionel Phil
lips and George Farrar, who were con
demned to death by the High Court at
Pretoria upon charges of treason, in being
active members of the Johannesburg Re
form Committee, vrhich was held to have
instigat/nl Dr. Jameson's raid into the
Transvaal, have been commuted to im
prison meat for a tsrm of live years.
The sentence of other member- of the
Reform Committee, who were found guilty
in connection with the conspiracy and
raid, and were condemned to imprison
ment and banishment and to pay a tine of
$10,000 each, nave been reduced to one
year's imprisonment. The telegram is as
yet unconfirmed.
PRETORIA, Soctb Africa, May 13.—
General P. J. Joubert, comniander-in-chief
of the Transvaal forces and a member of
the Executive Council, has been elected
Vice-President of the Transvaal Republic.
4 GIRL, ASSISSINATED.
Shot from Ambush While Returning
Horn* front a Social,
UNIONVILLE, lowa, May 13.— While
Mamie Peterson, aged 16 years, was re
turning last night from a social gathering,
accompanied by George Bhults of Moulton,
some one stepped from behind a building
and fired three shots at her. All three
chots took effect and the young lady died
almost instantly. Shults claims that he
was too frightened to spread the alarm
and took to his heels. The body was
found this morning and Fred Hemphill of
Unionville was arrested. It is supposed
that jealousy prompted the deed.
hew to-pat;
"At Sloane's."
WILTON v, ;
VELVET
CARPET,
Choicest designs, f 1 10 rer yard.
SEWED, LAID and LINED.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS.
Best made, 75 cents p*r yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS,
Finest quality.
Immense Line of Patterns.
$1 12% per yard, sewed laid and lined.
W. & J. BLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURSITDRE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BICYCLE
TIME!
Select a reliable wheel, made by ft
reliable maker —
.
The inexperienced rider can readily
appreciate the superior construction
of the '96 Pierce.
Our Patent Bottom Bracket makes
Pierce frames strongest.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STEM
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale st * 233 J Street,
SAN FK AN CISCO. SACRAMENTO.
EM ©Pining j
! Mjiiof ©as
1 iiillu.iullliiii.illlu.ti!ll!iß>iil!liiiHil!!Bidi*ii.iiij2
j Building, Mayu \
THE WATERBURY WATCH \\
1 CO. present their compli- jj |
ments to the people of San Fran- f *
Cisco and invite their inspection i, r
' of the choice designs and nov- ;- jj J
forbid WATCHES
I men and children. Special bar- jj] J
i gains in Ladies' Goods for the it
1 • . ' ' ' ■ ■ p *
; | Week Ending May 23 \\RIVER AND HARBOR
BILL IS PASSED,
Only Nine Votes Against
the Measure in the
Senate.
AMENDMENTS KILLED.
Gorman, Allen and Bate Are
Active Leaders of the
Minority.
FRYE OF MAINE GROWS ANGR'
And Declares the Nebraska Senator
Doesn't Know What He Is
Talking About.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— The
river and harbor bill was passed in
the Senate to-day, leaving only three of
the annual appropriation bills to be acted
on. These are the District of Columbia
bill, the fortification and the deficiency
bill, bnt before either of them is taken up
the Delaware Senatorial election case wiil
have to be-disnosed of, and to that case to
morrow and Friday have been assigned.
The amendment which had been offered
to tbe river and harbor bill yesterday by
Gorman of Maryland limiting expendi
ture under the bill to $10,000,000 a year
was to-day after a long discussion laid on
the table by a vote of 40 to 23.
An amendment, in the same sensej lim
iting expenditures under contracts to 20
per cent was offered by Bate of Tennessee
and met a like fate.
Allen (Pop. ) of Nebraska said that he
was not at all surprised that Republican
Senators should support the bill and
should authorize the making of large con
tracts for the expenditure of money, but
lie was surprised that the Democratic Sena
tors should do so.
The contracts provided for in the bill !
would be made by a Republican Secretary
of War if present prospects should by
realized, and they would doubtless be
made with a class of gentlemen who
would be willing to contribute very largely
to the support of the Republican party in
liiis campaign.
The pending bill, Allen added, carried
appropriations for the improvement of six
teen different creeks and of one millpond.
Ho did not recall any ditch, although he
believed there was one ditch in New York
provided for. As soon as they got through
i stnariea and lagoons and bayous and
creeps and ditches, he supposed they
would provide for the millponds.
Frye declared angrily that the Senator
from Nebraska ' had been talking of a
thing be knew nothing about. The Sen
ator from Nebraska had better investigate
the bill before tie undertook to talk about
bayous and creeks and miilponds.
In response to the criticisms passed
upon the bill Frye j»w»ted some facts in
Illustration of the immense growth of the '
railroad, river and lake commerce of the
United States. The railroad freight, he
said, had been cut down within the last
twenty years from 3J^ cents a ton a mile
to about three-quarters of a cent a ton a
mile, and yet the people wanted cheaper
freights.
That requirement could only be met by
ImproVing water facilities, and for that
reason the intelligent people of the United
States were everywhere asking for river
and harbor improvements.
A vote was then taken and the river and
harbor bill was passed by a vote of 57 to
91, as follows:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison, Bacon, Baker, Berry,
Biackburn, Burrows, Butier, Caffery, Cam
eron, cannon, Carter, Chandler, Cockrell, Cul
l"in, I'avis, Dubois, Elkins, Faulkner, Frye,
Gallinger, Gear, George, Gray, Hansbrough,
Hawley, Jones of Nevada, Lindsay, Lodee, Mc-
K-i'le.Mantle, Martin, Mills, Mitchell of Oregon,
Mitchell of Wisconsin. Nelson, Pasco, Peffer,
Perkins, Platt, Pugh, Quay, Roche, Sewell,
Sherman, .-houp, Squire, Stewart, Teller, Thurs
win.Turpie, Vest, Walthall, Warren, Wetmore,
White and Wilson— s7.
Noes— Allen, Bate, Brown, Chilton, Harris,
Hill, Kyle, Smith and yilas— o.
On motion of Frye tbe Senate insisted
upon ttie amendments, and the following
conferrees were appointed: Frye, Quay
and Vest.
The following bills were taken from the
calendar and passed: Authorizing the con
ion of abridge over the Mississippi
River to tbe city of St. Louis; amending
an act granting pensions to the survivors
of the Indian wars from 1832 to 1842, so as
to include a remnant of old and decrepit
men who served in these early Indian
wars, not yet on the pension-rolls; amend
ine the acts relating to the United States
courts in Indian Territory.
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon modified his
previous notice by stating that he would
call up the resolution for an amendment
to the Constitution providing for the elec
tion of United States Senators by popular
vote, after the conclusion of all appropria
tion bill?, save the general deficiency.
Hill gave notice that as soon as that
order was disposed of he would call up the
contempt of court bill recently reported
from the Committee on Judiciary.
The unobjected House bills on the calen
dar were taken up and the following,
among others, were passed: Fixing at 10
cents the maximum price for uncertified
printed copies of specifications and draw
ings of patents; permitting the Secretary
0 the Navy to accept certified checks in
lieu of the bond vow requiied of the con
tractors for naval supplies; making one
year's residence in a Territory prerequi
site to obtaining a divorce there (with
amendments).
At <i p. m. the Senate adjourned until to
morrow.
IN THE HOUSE.
Lite Day Spent in Considering « Con-
tvaied Election Caae.
WASHINGTON, I). C, May 13.— The
House was mainly occupied to-day in the
consideration of the Rinaker - Downing
contested election case, Cooke (It.) of
Illinois resuming his argument in favor of
Ilinaker.
The debate continued until night,
thoigh several motions to adjourn were
interjected and defeated during the dis
cussion. The debate was participated in
by l,acey (It.) of Illinois in favor of Down
ine md Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania, who
gavi reasons for not assenting to the re
port for unseating Downing.
Htpburn (It.) of lowa and Connolly (R.)
of 11 inois strongly favored the seating of
Rinaker.
At 8:20 the House by a vote of 139 to 35
recommitted the case to the Committee on
Elections No. 1, with instructions to re
count such parts of the vote deemed
proper. ___^
TURKEY DISPLEASED.
Why the Sick Stan Changes His Minister
to Thim Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— 1t is
rumored that Mavroyni Bey's recall as
Turkish Minister to the United States was
due to the displeasure felt by his Govern
ment over the passage by Congress of the
Armenian resolutions. He will be suc
ceeded by Mustafa Tachsin Bey. principal
assistant in the Turkish Foreign Ollice.
The action of the President in summon
ing Alexander W. Terrell, United Suites
Minister to Turkey, from his Texas home
to Washington was not based on any new
or serious developments in the Turkish
situation. His presence here is desired
for purposes of consultation and the infer
ence is given that tbe matter concerns an
oflicial appointment.
THE POLICE CHIEFS.
Agree to Adopt a Xationul Standard
liuatem of Jaentipcution.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 13.— With the sec
ond day's session of the National Police
Chiefs' Convention the president was em
powered to name a committee to adopt
the Bertillon system of identification.
This would be a standard system cf the
police departments of the country when
adopted. Nearly the whole morning was
consumed in discussing this question, and
George M. Porteous ol Chicago, the repre
sentative of the systom, explained its
workings very carefully. Chief W. J. Mc-
Kelvey delivered a very fine address on
what constitutes a good police ollirer.
The chiefs enjoyed an old-fashioned barbe
cue at Cold Spring this evening.
READY TO FIGHT BACK,
Senate Bill to Retaliate Against
Germany's Commercial
Warfare.
Called Forth by the Reichstag's In
crease of the Bounty on Raw
Exported Sugar.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 13.— The
Senate Committee on Commerce will take
up for consideration to-morrow Senator
Perkins' bill imposing countervailing
duties on all products of American growth
and American manufacturers. This bill is
somewhat similar to that introduced some
time ago in the House by Representative
Meiklejohn of Nebraska, with this excep
tion, that it is more comprehensive and
much wider in its scope.
The motive actuatiug the introduction
of this bill was the threat of the German
Government, which has always been hos
tile to American products and manu
facturers, of increasing the export duty on
raw and refined sugars. This threat was
consummated yesterday when the Reichs
tag increased the export bounty on both
raw and refined sugars.
Messrs. Willett and Gray, the recog
nized Wall-street authorities on sugars,
to-day sent information to interested
parties in Washington of the purport of
the new German law and its effect on
American beet ana cane sugar product.
This information shows that Germany
has increased her bounty on raw exported
sugars from l'3\-~ cents to 27 cents per 100
pounds, or just double the amount of
bounty now paid by her, and on refined
sugars from ll)i cents to 28}4 cents per
100 pounds.
To compensate herself for the increased
bounty, she has advanced the tax on sugar
for home consumption from 18 to 21 marks.
This means nothing less than commercial
warfare.
Senators Perkins and White were seen
to-day and shown the cablegram received
from Berlin by Willett and Gray. They
expressed the intention of immediately
pressing the passage of some remedial
legislation.
Senator Caffery of Louisiana, who is a
member of the Senate Committee on Com
merce and whose constituents are greatly
interested in the proposed legislation, told
The Call correspondent that he was satis
fied the Perkins bill -would be favorably re
ported to the Senate.
Senator Frye, chairman of the com
mittee, is well disposed toward the adop
tion of some retaliatory measure and the
prospect of the bill's favorable considera
tion by the committee appears to be good.
What its fate in the Senate will be
is problematical, but if the coun
try is generally given to understand
that by means of gifts, donations, or
bounties it is possible for foreign govern
ments to not only displace the products of
American irrowth and manufacture, t>ut to
invade our own markets to the detriment
of our products, the action of Congress
may readily be foreseen.
Should the Perkins bill pass tho Senate
it would have smooth sailing through the
House, aa the sentiment at that end of the
Capitol building is strongly in favor of re
taliating upon the foreign Governments
whose products are now flooding our
markets.
MAPPING OUT BUSINESS.
The Republican Steering Ccm
mittee ot the Senate Holds
a Conference.
Calling Up of the Bankruptcy, Immi
gration and Free Alcohol Bills
Discussed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— The
Republican Senate steering committee had
a meetine this evening to consider the
order of business, but was unable to come
to any conclusion, and adjourned to meet
again Saturday morning. At that time, if
j a conclusion is reached, a caucus of the
| Republicans of the Senate will be called,
I to meet Monday morning.
The several matters for which attention
is being urged by Senators were taken up
and discussed. There appeared to be a
feeling that it would be unwise to permit
j the calling up of the bills for the estab
lishment of a uniform system of bank
ruptcy, for the refunding of the debt of the
P.icibc railroads and like measures which
will precipitate a prolonged debate.
The immigration bill now on the calen
dar appears to meet with p .. n pral commen
| dation and the committee believed it could
be called up with reasonable probauilitv of
its passage. This will probably be pro
| vided for.
The bill to repeal the free alcohol in the
arts clause of the present tariff bill was
also discussed for tome time, but no con
clusion was reached. There is a marked
division of sentiment in the Republican
ranks on this question, but the indications
are that the committee will report to the
caucus in favor of giving this measure a
day at court.
Whether it can be passed is a question
the committee does not presume to an
swer. It is understood that the House
will pass the repeal as an independent
measure, and if that is done the concur
rence of the Senate will be urged.
All of these matters were permitted to
stand open, however, and an effort will be
made to dispose of them delinitely by next
Saturday.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
JOCKEY HOGAN
RULED OFF,
Well-Known Rider Pun
ished for Pulling a
Favorite
ON THE CHICAGO TRACK
Louisville Crowd Disappointed on
Account of Dwyer Buying
Ben Eder
AND THEN SCRATCHING BRUSH
Half the Card Goes to Favorites on
the St. Louis Race
track.
CHICAGO, 111., May 13.— Jockey Hogan
was ruled off for pulling Miles Standith,
the favorite in the hurdle race, at Sheffield
to-day. All bets on the race were de
clared of. Terra ArcheV, May Gallop and
Lollie Eastin were the winning favorites.
Six furlongs. Terra Archer won, Karruba C
second, In an a third. Time, 1 :l»i" ™.
Four and a naif furlongs, Hessville won.
Chenille second, Denver third. Time, :56%.
Five furlongs, Walkover won, AVeola second,
Demireh third. Time, l:i;j' 4 .
Seven furlongs, May Gallop won, Doctor G
second, Little Sadie third. Time, I:29'^.
Mile and an eighth, hurdle, Hercules won,
Tarn bio second, Miles Standish third. Time,
2:06.
Six furlong!?, Lollie Eastin won, Effie T sec
ond, Fred X third. Time, 1:17.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May 13.— T0-day's
crowd was disappointed in not seeing Ben
Brush and Ben Eder contest for supremacy.
About twenty minutes before the first race
Mr. Dwyer bought Ben Eder, the con
sideration being $10,000, and immediately
scratched Brush in the Clark stakes.
Semper Ego gave Ben Eder as close a race
as the latter gave Brush on the opening
day. Ben Eder won by a short head.
One mile, Sir Df Ike won, Lester second, Chi
cot third. Time, 1:44.
Seven furlong*, Ace won, Doorga second,
Paul Pry third. Time. 1:28&
Five furlongs. Burlesque wun, Meadowthorpe
second, Flexible third. Time, 1:03.
Clark stakes, one mile and a lurlong. Ben
Eder won, September Ego second. Parson third.
Time, 1:5(»}.2.
Four furlongs, Princess Teck won, Ella T sec
ond, The Blossom third. Time, :50.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 13.— Half the card
went to favorites to-day. A second choice
and two outsiders took the other three
races.
Four and a half furlongs, Don't Skip Me won,
A'igustina second, juanita third. Time, :sli' 4 .
One mile, Salvable won, Koyal Choice sec
ond. Dr. Hugres third. Time, 1:44.
Four and a half furlongs, Wild West won,
Blitzen's Sister second, Brescia third. Time,
:.'.fi\.
Seven and a half furlons=, Jane won, Braw
Scot second, Tom Elmore third. Time 1 :35 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs, Minnie W won,
Claude Hill second, Plunker third. Time, l:o3.
Five furlongs, Dora Wood won, Gold Corn
seoond, Nellie Smith third. Time, 1 :06%.
MORRIS PARK RACE TRACK, N. V.,
-May 13. — The spring meeting of the New
York Steeplechase Association opened
here to-day, but as the programme was
neither brilliant nor attractive, the attend
ance -was quite small.
One and a half miles, over six hurdles.
Poteen won. Scud second, Annie Bishop third.
Time, 2:51^.
Steeplechase, three miles, Hellas won,
Sayonra second, Mars Chan third. Time, (i:18.
New York steeplechase handicap, about two
and a half miles, Duke of Abercorn won,
Woodford second. Time, 4:49. Only two
starters.
St. Nicholas hurdle handicep, one and a naif
miles, over six hurdles, Winship won, San
Joaquin second, Southerner third. Time,
2 :5o; 2 .
The Eclipse course, Mirage won, Fugitive
second, Pay or Play third. Time 1:15.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
The Flaying on Many Fields Did Aot
Show Any Brilliant Work.
CHICAGO, 111., May 13.— The biggest
kind of a wrangle ended the game to-day.
At the end of the tenth inning it was al
most too dark to continue, but Keefe re
fused to call the game. Then the Colts be
gan to play for delay, ana after the Bos
tons had scored six runs, Keefe gave the
visitors the verdict, 9to 0. Score:
Chicagos 200000002 0-4 8 3
Bostons 3000010000—4 10 2
Batt«-rios— Terry and Donohue; Helvetia andiian
eel. Umpire, Keefe.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 13.— Louisville
won its third game of the season to-day by
timely bttiing and sharp fielding. "At
tendance 800. Score:
Louisville*. 04000000 I—s 9 3
Brooklvns 110000 110—4 11 1
Batteries— Weyhliiß and Warner, Harper and
Grim. Umpire— \Ve:dnisin.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 13.— Brilliant
fielding by the home team bad much to do
with the low batting record of the visitors.
Attendance 1000. Score :
Clevelands 00 4 300 0 4 3—14 14 3
I'hiladWphlas 3000 00 0 0 I—4 8 -j
Batteries— Chamberlain, Cuppy and Zlmmer;
Inks. Carsey and Unuly.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 13.— The Pitts
burg-New York game was postponed on
account of rain.
Seattle Beats fictoria.
SEATTLE, "Wash., May 13.— Seattle won
her first game on the home grounds from
Victoria by heavy hitting and some dar
ing baserunning at a critical moment by
"Count" Campau. Butler pitched a fine
game after the third inning. Victoria
tried a new pitcher, named Hughes, from
Sacramento. He did good work, barring
a wild throw in the eighth. At times he
was a trine wild. He should develop into
a fine pitcher, as he has speed and line
curves.
Score by Innings:
Seattle 101050040—11 14 2
Victoria 302000100—6 8 6
BaiteriPs: Spattle. Butler and I'rary; Victoria,
Hogbca ali'l Kossuch.
Umpire, Mr. March.
NEWMARKET RACES.
Pierre Lorillard's American Horses Cap
ture Several Good Events.
LONDON, Eng., May 13.— At Newmarket
to-day the maiden plate of 103 sovereigns
for two-year-olds was won by P. Lorillard's
Sandia, George H. Ketcnam was second
•n I Rod Virgin third.
llie Dyke plate of £300 for two-year-olds,
five furlongs, was won by Mr. Lebaudy's
Perseat, L. Brassy's St. Agnes second
and P. Lorillard's Berzak third.
The all-aged selling plate of £109, five
furlongs, was won by T. H. Card
well's Molesey, E. Wishard's Wishard
second and C. J. Blake's Castle Or third.
Newmarket stakes of a least 3500 sover
eigns, for three-year-olds, sex allowances,
one mile and two furlongs, across the
fiat, was won by Leopold de Rothschild's
Galczzo. The Duke of Devonshire's Kal
samo was second and J. H. Blatt's Brad
wardine third.
A plaf of 103 sovereigns, one mile, was
won by P. Lorillard's Dacotah 11. Colonel
North's Carlton Grange was second and
It. Sherwood's Hawkwood third.
The second welter handicap plate of 150
sovereigns, Bretby stakes course, three
qunrters of a mile, was won by Sir R.
Waldie Griffith's Cold .Steel, P. L*orillard's
Dolabra second and Leopold de Roths
child's Froaward thinl.
THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC.
Bill for a Commisiion to Jnreatiaate the
Buninr** in All Itn J'haaea.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— Morse
(D.) of Massachusetts, from the Commit
tee on Alcoholic Liquor Traffic, reported to
the House to-day with the recommendation
that it pass a bill providing for the ap
pointment by the President of a commis
sion of five persons whose duty it shall be
to investigate the alcohoiifl liquor traflic,
its relation to n venue and taxation and
its general economic, criminal, moral and
scientific aspects in connection with pan
pertain, crime, sochu vice, the public
health and general welfare of the people;
and also to inquire into and take testi
mony as to the practical results of license
and prohibitory legislation for the pre
vention" of intemperance. An appropria
tion of 110,000 is made to defray the ex
penses of tlie commi:-sion.
FOR CITIZENN OSLY.
Senator Hill'a Hill /'or Their Employment
on I'tiblir H'orka.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 13.— 1n the
Senate to-day Hill introduced a bill which
provides that no person not a citizen of
the United State? sha'l be employed upon
or in connection with any public works
under the control of or conducted by the
United States, its Territories or the Dis
trict of Columbia. All contracts hereafter
entered into are required to contain a pro
vision that this law is to be carried into
effect. Violations are to be deemed as
misdemeanors, punishable by a tine of
from $'JSO to $-~>uo and imprisonment not
exceeding one year or both.
McKIKLEY AND THE A. P.A.
Objection to His Candidacy Will
Probably Be With
drawn.
It Is Also Understood That the Ad.
visory Board Will Be
Censured.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— Every
indication points to an absolute repudiation
by the Supreme Council of the A. P. A.,
now in session in this city, of the action
taken by^ the executive committee of the
advisory board against MeKinley's can
didacy. There has been much feeling ex
pressed over the matter and the executive
committee has been severely criticized.
But the members of that body have not
given any indication of a backdown, and
meet tbe criticisms with intimations that
those making the most noise in the Su
preme Council are endeavoring to get in
line with his friends since McKinley has
shown such strength.
The trouble in the organization hp.s been
intensified by the action of the executive
committee of the advisory board this even
ing in presenting to the board a report ad
herine to its anti-McKinley decision. The
meeting of the board was the most im
portant event of the day.
A member of the executive commit
tee to-night said the report which the
executive committee presented to the
advisory board is in accord with the state
ment made public at the time McKinley
was blacklisted. He al«o said that the ac
tion of the committee was based on affida
vits made by prominent Ohio men.
It is likely that the advisory board will
censure the executive committee. This
will take the question of McKinley's repu
diation out of the hands of the Supreme
Council and will allow the advisory board
to make another report to the convention.
There is no doubt, however, that the
question of McKinley's candidacy will be
discussed by the supreme body and as
stated, the attack on McKinley will proba
bly be discarded. But before getting down
to the main question the convention will
have to consider a motion which will be
made to-morrow referring the subject of
the executive committee's action and po
sition of the A. P. A. toward McKinley to
a special committee for investigation.
This motion will provide that the special
committee shall report, on all candidates
for Presidential honors. The most impor
tant matter before the convention of the
Supreme Council to-day was the reading
of the annual message of Supreme Presi
dent Tray nor.
It was" generally supposed among the
delegates that the message would censure
the executive committee of the advisory
board for its attack upon McKinley. It is
said to-night that the censure was not
given.
Supreme President Traynor appointed
G. \V. Van Fossen of Washington State, J.
Colin Moore of Alabama, J. J. Rhodes of
Vermont. E. Dorille of Ohio and C. E.
Sapp of Kentucky as a committee to con
sider and report on the message.
The report of Supreme Secretary Beattv
said that 9G3 charters for new councils had
been issued during th«s last year.
A resolution barring from the council
members of the A. P. A. who are not dele
gates to the Supreme Council caused a
long discussion at to-day's session.
The claim was made by its opponents
that the secret proceedings sanctioned by
the order savored too much of the star
chamber to be American. This matter
was not decided, and will be given further
consideration.
A lively canvass is being conducted for
the supreme presidency. Dr. Ford, a
prominent member, who went back to 'his
home in New York, Judge Bowers of lowa
and E. H. Punbarof Boston are consid
ered the leading candidates. State Presi
dent Rehols of Georgia is also spoken of
for the office.
He is a Democrat and some of the mem
bers think his selection would dispose of
possible embarrassment arising from the
election of some men who may have ex
pressed themselves as for or against Mc-
Kinley.
The various committees were appointed
by Supreme President Traynor to-night.
RIOT AT KIANG-YIN.
The British Protestant Mission Looted and
Burned by a Mob — Missionaries
Escape.
SHANGHAI, China, May 13. _An
attack was made by native rioters yester
day upon the British Protestant Mission
at Kiang-Yin, which was looted and
burned by the mob. The missionaries
succeeded in making their escape.
BOTH NA TIONN REES ED.
How Chamberlain tiegarda England's
I '■'« '•/' iff American Colonies.
LONDON, Exo., May 13.— Right Hon.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, in an address at
the unveiling of a memorial win
dow in Cordwainers' Hall. Lon
don, to-day, said that England lost the
American colonies, which form the
United States, by a mistake which would
not be repeated. Nevertheless Mr. Cham
berlain declared that he was inclined to
think the loss a blessing to both nations
if, as he devoutly wished and prayed,
the two great Anglo-Saxon nations should
go forward in continued peace and unity.
Cholera Ravages in Egypt.
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, May 13.— There
were sixty-three new cases and twenty
two deaths from cholera here yesterday.
GIVES HER LIFE
IN EXPIATION,
Suicide of a Girl Whose
Waywardness Killed
Her Father.
FALLS A SECOND TIME.
The Parent's Heart Broken
When Her Promise to Re
form Is Forgotten.
FOLLOWS HIM TO THE GRAVE.
A Swallow of Poison Ends the Un
fortunate Daughter's Life
of Shame.
PORTLAND, Or., May 13.— Frederick
A. Frischkorn, a pioneer resident of Pore
land, died last Spturdav — died through
grief, it is said, and so the events that fol
low tend to show. He was buried to-day.
To-day on a slab at the morgue lies the
body of his daughter, Grace Emma Frisch
korn, a suicide, the girl having taKen poi
son and died in a disorderly house at
Sedro, Wash., on receiving a telegram an
nouncing the death of her father.
Al>out four years ago Grace met a man
named "Jack" Ormsby.who led her astray.
Her subsequent degradation was all kept
from the father until about two months
ago, when he, by chance, overhearing a
conversation, was made acquainted with
his daughter's downfall. Old age and busi
ness reverses had already worn his health
and with the crushing news of his daugh
ter's fall he took to his bed. He still loved
the Grace he remembered as a little girl,
however, and during his illness pleaded
that she be brought to him.
The old mans appeals at last became so
strenuous that the (laughter, then at Se
dro, the logging-camp in which she com
mitted suicide, was sent for. She came,
and by what promised to be her father's
deathbed vowed .to leave the life she had
been leading and henceforth live a good
woman. Frischkorn, overjoyed, at once
began to recuperate, and live weeks ago
was able to sit up and be about, every
prospect pointing to his complete re
covery.
Then Grace received a letter from Orms
by, a-king that she come to Tacoma, where
they would be married. He had secured
a good position, he said, with a salary
sulficient to support her nicely. The
father was dubious, but on the proposal of
Grace to have the younger daughter ac
company her to act as bridesmaid at the
wedding he consented, and the two girls
left for the sound.
In ten days the younger girl was back in
Portland. To all questions as to the mar
riage of her sister she gave evasive an
swers.
At last the father in his worriment de
manded a full statement of what had oc
curred on the trip to Tacoma. Then it
came out that Ormsby, instead of marry
ing Grace, as he had promised, had forced
her to again enter the Sedro house, and
had intimated that the younger girl
should also become an inmate. To the
memory of the dead woman be it said that
she repudiated her lover's proposition as
to the sister, and pawning her jewelry sent
the younger girl home.
The father on hearing this at once took
to his bed, and on Saturday morning died.
On Sunday morning the news was wired
to Grace at Sedro.with the request that she
come to attend the funeral. This telegram
was received on Sunday noon. As the girl
opened and read the contents she remarked
simply:
"I have killed him. Now I'll go too."
Reaching her room the larger part of a
bottle of morphine was taken, and despite
medical assistance she died toward morn
ing. :
MADE MERRY AT LODI.
American Protective Association Members
Indulged in a Pleasant
Picnic.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 13.— Before 9
o'clock this morning there was not an
extra livery rig in the city that could be
had for love or money. All had been
taken to co to the American Protective
Association picnic at Lodi to-day. Long
before the extra three cars were backed
into the railway station there was a large
crowd there and the cars proved inade
quate to carry the people who wanted *o
attend the outing. They were soon filled
and several hundred were left on the plat
form to wait for the Sacramento train, to
which the special cars were to be at
tached.
The Sixth Regiment band had been en
gaced and discoursed popular airs at the
station while the crowd waited. Mayor
Baggs was on hand bright and early in
company with Street Superintendent Bid
well, and soon President Lang of the City
Council joined them. He wore a small
American flag, fully six by nine inches in
diameter, as a boutonniere, and beamed on
every one be knew ar.d many that he did
not. In spite of the windy weather the
ladies turned out in their summer dresses,
and pretty lawns and dainty muslins lent
color and brightness to the scene.
At Lodi the crowd was greeted by the
local band, and the Sacramento delegation
that came down from the Capital City had
with it the crack bund of that place to
make music while the others made merry.
POSTPONED AGAIN.
The Oregon Still Unable to Make Her
Trial Trip in Santa Barbara
Channel.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 13.— The
battle-ship Oreeon did not make her trial
trip to-day. It was ideal weather, but
Irving M. Scott was not satisfied with the
swell in the channel so the attempt was
again postponed. It is calculated that the
heavy swell would knock a quarter of a
knot off the vessel's speed and that would
mean a loss of $'25,000 premium.
In the morning it gave promise of a per
fectly calm course. At 4:30 a. m. the Una
dilla was sent to a position off Goleta
Point, and at G:10 A. M. the battle-ship got
under way. She steamed slowly down to
a point opposite the tugboat, and then put
about and returned to her anchorage. It
is reported here that a storm has been rag.
ing sixty miles up tue coast, and that it
was tlie'swell raised by it that caused the
trouble.
All the Oregon's equipments, batteries,
stores, armament, magazine and other
appliances were thoroughly inspected yes
terday and gave thorough satisfaction to
the examining board.
The only appliance not completed is the
electric plant and that will be put in posi
tion as soon as possible. The vessel is,
therefore, almost ready to hand over to
the Government as soon as her trial is
over. It is blowing heavily again to-night,
but off shore and it is not thought it will
increase the swell. In that event ihe Ore
gon will go out to-morrow morning.
DETECTIVE SMITH DEAD.
Be Breathes His Last in the Railroad
Hospital at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 13. — De
tective Will Smith, who has been in the
employ of the Southern Pacific Railway
Company for many years died in the rail
road hospital in this city last night.
Detective Smith, who was located at Los
Angeles, was a terror to the desperadoes of
Arizona and Southern California and took
a very active part in the long chase after
fcontag and Evans, Kid Thompson and
other noted outlaws. His remains have
been forwarded to Los Angeles for inter
ment.
A SKIRMISH WITH APACHES,
Scouts Surprise a Band of Renegades,
Who Leave a Pappoose and Escape
Into Mexico.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 13.— News from
the southeastern Arizona border says
that Lieutenent Averill's scouts had an
engagement with a band of about twenty
renegade Apaches from San Carlos, having
surprised the camp at daybreak. It is
believed two Indians were wounded. The
scouts captured everything in the camp,
including an Apache youngster. The
Indians escaped into Sonora.
NAVAJO RESERVATION PROCELE.
Indians Oppose the Invasion of the Car
riao Mountain Gold Field*.
SANTA FE. N. Mex., May 13.— Chief
Blackhorse and a powerful element of the
Navajo tribe are opposing the invasion of
the Carriso Mountain gold field by the syn
dicate lately organized by J. H. P. Voor
hees, a nephew of Senator Voorhees, and
others, and trouble is likely to ensue if
they undertake to mine in that region.
A company of United States troops has
been ordered to the vicinity of Farlington,
and all citizens entering the Navajo reser
vation are required to secure passports
from the agent under penalty of arrest
and confiscation of their effects.
BIKERS WANT VENGEANCE
Sacramento Clubs Prosecuting
Two Men Who Drove Over
Wheelmen.
A State's Prison Confronts the
Enemies of the Knickerbocker
Fraternity.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 13.— The ex
amination of Conrad Streng and John
Hossli upon a charge of assault with
means of inflicting great bodily injury,
conducted in Judge Davis' court to-day, is
excitinp the greatest interest among the
wheelmen ol this city. Thomas A. Wal
thew, the complaining witness, was riding
along the street on his bicycle when sud
denly, he claims, he heard sliouts and the
rush of a rapidly approachine horse.
Looking over his shoulder, he saw the de
fendants, who were in a cart, seemingly in
pursuit of him, and wildly Deating their
horse.
He turned into a side Btreot and hugged
the curb, but the next second the horse,
which had been turned into the side street
directly behind him, struck him and
knocked him to the ground and the men
in the cart drove on, both of them looking
back and laughing at him.
There were numerous witnesses of the
affair who testified in the same line, and
there were others who claimed to have
seen a similar horse and cart, containing
two men, chasing bicyclists in different
portions of the city throughout the day.
The accused are two men who reside
near Elk Grove and it is claimed they
were under the influence of liquor. The
defense wiil probably endeavor to prove
that it was an accident, occurring through
the actions of a vicious horse.
For some time past wheelmen have been
chased at different times and the club
members are detei mined to put a stop to
this work. The offense is a State prison
crime.
The examination was continued until
to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAY.
Turn
to the
RIGHT
You are at the crossroads !
You are offered CLOTHING — honestly made
of honest material and the pink of correctness in
— direct by the manufacturers.
You are offered the privilege of the dealer — a
wholesale stock and wholesale prices. Will you
go straight ahead — right on in the old rut —
paying retail prices and profits ; or
WILL YOU TURN TO THE RIGHT ?
Men's Summer Suits and Overcoats— plain, neat, stylish,
swell— even dudlsh If you will— something for every taste and
every purse \*- v
$10 to $25. At retail stores $18 to $4-0 and more.
BROWN^^
.Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon C:fj> Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pitta Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
AWFUL TRAGEDY
NEAR YREKA,
Three Mutilated Bodies
Found on the Prather
Ranch.
ONE OF THEM A CHINESE
Beside the Mongol's Corpse Lay
a Murdered Woman and
Her Child.
TRAVELING MEN ARE ACCUSED
Some Think the Chinaman Committed
the Deed and Then Killed
Himself.
YREKA, Cal., May 13. — A mysterious,
blood-curdling tragedy was enacted at the
Prather ranch in Butte Creek Valley this
morning. The bodies of Mrs. Henry
Schwatita, her little daughter Irene and a
Chinaman were found by two men travel
ing by the house. A younger child was
found with a scar across its. forehead, as if
the intention of the murder had been to
kill it also. All three of the dead bodies
had bullet holes through the foreheads,
and death must have been instantaneous.
In some way a story gained credence
that the killing had been done by the
Chinese who then committed suicide.
Just what grounds exist for this story is
not clear, and the feeling here implicates
the two men who claim to have found the
bodies.
Henry Schwatka, the husband of the
murdered woman, says that the murder
was committed while he was attending to
some work on the ranch. Two men who
were traveling through the country from
Washington discovered blood on the door
and on investigating found the three
bodies.
They immediately notified the nearest
neighbor, Mr. Truax, but before be was
able to get to the hou^e Mr. Schwatka had
reached the scene. Coroner Scotield left
for the scene of the tragedy this evening
for the purpose of holding an inquest.
Mrs. Schwatka has one brother, Henry
Sleeper, working in the Crocker printing
office, San Francisco, and one sister, Mrs.
A.W. Wallis, in tbe Postal Telegraph office
in Los Angeles. Her father is a prominent
Mason and Odd Fellow, and is a pioneer
resident of California, having been one of
the first men to reach California in 1849.
The news of the horrible death of his
daughter has utterly prostrated him.
Sheriff Hobbs and District Attorney
Raynes left for the scene of the traeedy
this evening, and will make a thorough
investigation.
Suspicion has been directed toward the
men discovering the bodies, and they will
be detained pending the Coroner's inquest.
Butte Creek Valley, the scene of the
murder, is on the western portion of Sis
kiyou County. The husband of the mur
dered woman and child is the foreman of
the Prather ranch, and is highly re
spected. He is a nephew of the late
Lieutenant Schwatka of Arctic fame.
The body of Mrs. Schwatka and that of
her little daughter will be brought to
Yreka for burial.
Excitement is intense throughout the
entire county, ana should it be found
that others than the Chinaman had a
hand in the murder a repetition of tho
lynching in this place last fall will be
sure to foliow.
Death of tho Lead Truat President.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 13.— John H.
McKelvey, president of the National Lead
and Oil Company of Pennsylvania (the
lead trust), died suddenly at his residence
in this city this morning. The cause of
the death has not yet been definitely de
termined. He was 59 years of age.
34
PROHIBITIONISTS
IN SESSION,
Convention Called to Order
in the City of Stock
ton.
THE HALL IS CROWDED.
Committee Has a Hard Struggle
With the Financial
Question.
DECLARES FOR FREE COINAGE.
Members Feel Confident They Will
Poll a Larger Vote Than Ever
This Year.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 13.— This city is
in the hands of the Prohibitionists. By
the morning train a number of delegates
arrived, but not so many as were expected,
A Session of the Prohibition Convention in Masonic Hall, Stockton, Cai.
most of them coming in the afternoon, i
The delegation at the station that was
waiting to receive them was headed by
Chairman Gill of the county committee
and Secretary Tupper of the State com
mittee. The last named is the editor of
The California Prohibitionist, published
in San Jose, and is a great temperance
worker.
At the convention hall the ladies were
still busy at 9 o'clock finishing the'decora
tions that they nave been placing about
the stage and galleries, and in the com
mittee-rooms a number of veteran Pro
hibitionists gathered to wait for the call
ing to order of the State Central Commit
tee. As Chairman Glass did not arrive
until the afternoon the members did not
wait for him, as it was expected last night
might possibly be done.
The reports received by Secretary
Tupper from the various county conven
tions showed that the following were the
accredited delegates to the convention :
Mendocino— Rev. McCray and T. J. Stewart.
Butte— Rev. A. R. Hathaway, James C. Gray,
G. M. Gray, \\. Wilson, John Guill and Mrs.
John Guill.
Alnmeda— Charles Chester, Mrs. A. B. Tayton,
F. W. Sawyer, Joseph Humphrey, T. L. Hier
lihv, Mrs. Wood, EL W. Stow, Dr. P. McCargar,
Mrs. Mary Smith and Dr. Stark.
Amador— Jasper Johnson and J. W. Sibole of
lone, W. C. Clark of Drytown, J. F. Gregg of
Plymouth, X. Griffen of Jackson.
Tuolumne— J. D. William*, W. H. Barron, J.
May, Thomas Crocker and J. F. Buell.
Sutter— G. J. Betty, W. M. Wadsworth, D. D.
Marvin, J. W. Moore and O. A. Wilbur.
Placer— Rev. Ljrr Ewing, Mrs. L. H. Kellogg,
H. E. Parker, Dr. J. L. Rollins, Mm. 8. A. H.
Bancroft, C. W. Mallory, Roy. G. H. Van Viiet
and Georg« D. Kellogg.
The meeting of the State Central Com- |
mittee was not called to order until!
10:15 o'clock. Vice-Chairman Kellogg was ]
in the chair, and called upon Rev. Lorr |
Ewing to offer up a prayer. After this the
regular routine business was attended to, |
such as receiving the reports of the secre- !
tary, C. A. Tupper, and the treasurer, j
T. L. Hierlihy. These were referred to an j
auditing committee, consisting of Volney j
Taylor, Joseph Humphrey and li. F. :
Knapp.
A number of applications were received i
from speakers who wished to be encaged !
to stump the State, among them those of !
Lou Bcaucharup, Mrs. J. C. Stone and F. E. i
Coulter. The matter of engaging them j
was left to the incoming committee.
Mrs. Chamberlain of Vallajo announced
that the leading woman suffragists had ]
asked her to notify the member* of the I
committee and the convention that Miss
Susan B. Anthony and Mrs. A. A. Sargent
would be here to-morrow, and that they
would be glad to meet the delegates at the
headquarters the woman suffragists will
establish in the parlors of the Yosemite
Hotel. Rev. J. W. Webb wanted to know
why Miss Anthony, in her recent corre
spondence with the press of San Francisco,
had spoken of the Republican, Democratic !
and Populist parties, and omitted the j
name of Prohibitionist, when the last I
named party had always stood up for the
principle she i 3 contending for.
In reply, Mrs. Chamberlain said that
the woman suffrage leaders counted the
Prohibitionists as belonging to them, and
so did not think it necessary to allude to
them when speaking of their efforts to cap
ture the voters of the other parties.
There was considerable discussion of the i
question of equal suffrage, and the mem- i
bers of the State committee agreed to I
stand by the women, as they have done in
the past. After this an adjournment was
taken until 1:30 o'clock, when another ses
sion of the committee was held in order to
receive the report of Chairman Glass, who
was not present at the morning meeting.
In the meantime a number of the dele
gates repaired to the trains from Sacra
mento and from the south to greet the in
coming delegates.
The Good Templars are well represented
at the convention. Many members of the
order are present and coming. Among
those who arrived by boat this morning
are: Grand Chief Templar Rev. J. W.
Webb of Fresno, Past Grand Chief Tem
plars George D. Kellogg of Newcastle,
Judge Robert Thompson of San Francisco
and Volney Taylor of Byron, all delegates.
Most of the" delegates are quartered at
the Commercial and Yosemite hotels,
which are but a block apart, but many
have taken rooms in lodging-houses con
veniently near to the convention hall.
At 2:30 o'clock the convention was
called to order by Chairman Glass. He
invited the following-named to act as
vice-presidents and they took their seats
with him upon the platform: General
BidwelL George D. Kellogg, vice-chairman
of the State Central Committee; Rev. A.
W. Webb of Fresno. L. Baldeau of The
Palms, Los Angeles County ; Dr. Stephen
Bowers, editor of the California Voice;
Rev. George D. Kay, Chauncy H. Dunn of
Sacramento, Senator McComas of Pomona
and Rev. M. J. Hail of Los Angeles. Rev.
Mr. Hall led the convention in singing
"America," and then Rev. Mr. Kay led in
prayer.
Chairman Glass addressed the conven
tion as follows: "Ladles and gentlemen
and fullow-citizens of the j/reat State of
California — I wish I could picture to you
the iir?t convention that was ever held in
tiiis State by the Prohibition party. It
was held in the Y. M. C. A. Hall in San
Francisco on July 16, 187!), and there were
only seven delegates present. That was
the first Prohibition Convention ever held
in this State, and yet it went ahead and
nominated an entire State ticket. Com
pare that wiih the convention of to-day
and see what progress has been made in
the cause v.c are espousing. Wliv, Neal
Dow received but •">♦> votes in this State
when he ran in 18S0, and in the la>t cani
poien Hon. Henry French received 10.5GL
"At the same ratio of increase in the next
twelve years we will have 100,000 voters in
our cause. Remember that Neal Dow re
ceived only about 10,000 votes in all this
land for the Presidency, and that our own
(feneral Bldwell at the last camnaifrn ran
tftat vote up to 271,000, an increase of over
2000 per cent. At that rato in the next
twelve years we will liavo 7,000,000 bacK of
us to cast the ballot. This convention
opened with prayer. We are not afraid of
God. Other conventions often open with
a Corkscrew and a match."
The speaker roasted Dan Burns, Chris
Buckley, Grover Cleveland and John Sher
man and then spoke in favor of woman
suffrage.
At the conclusion of Chairman Glass'
address he railed for nominations for the
position of temporary chairman, and C.
H. Dunn of Sacramento presented the
name of Senator J. E. McVomasof Po
mona. Dunn's name was also placed be
fore the convention, but he withdrew in
favor of McComas, who was elected by
acclamation. C. A. Tupper of San Jose
was elected temporary secretary anil Mrs.
H. S. Taynton of Berkeley as his assistant.
In taking bis place as chairman M -
Comae said that this country had protec
tion to American sheeD, to American bar
ley, to American lumber, to iron and tin
plate, but had no protection to American
boys. For that reason he said he hoped
to see the Prohibition party in power.
His address was very brief, and he started
out to expedite the business of the con
vention.
It was suggested that four committees
be appointed by tne chair, one on perma
nent organization and order of business,
one on platform and resolutions, one on
press and telegrams and one on finance.
After a short recess the chairman aj>
pointed the following on the various com
mittees named : Platform and resolutions —
George D. Kelloge of Placer County, chair
man- J. W« Webb of Fresno, Mr?. Emma
Bonder of Los Angeles, Rev. Dr. Jewell of
Orange, Dr. Stephen Bowers and 0. H.
Dur.n of Sacramento. C. D. Clark and Rev.
C. F. Coy of Napa, W. L. H. Barron of
Soulßbyville; linance— "M. J. Hall, A. A.
Rowell and Garrison Turner; press ana
telegraph— William P. Miller, Mrs. Sarah
Harry and L. S. Atwood, ail of this city;
platform and resolutions— Rev. F. H. Law
son of San Jose, Rev. George de Kay of
Santa Monica, A. M. Aubunus and Miss
If. A. Thompson of Oakland. The chair
man also appointed a committee on cre
dentials, composed of Jud>:e Thompson of
San Francisco, Charles Kelley of San Jose
and W. L. H. Barron of Soulsbyville.
While the committees were preparing
their reports the convention was addressed
by \Vilham 0. Clark of Drytown, Amador
County, one of the veteran Prohibitionists
of the State, and by General Bid well.
The latter advocated the adoption of a
broad-gauge platform and made a stirring
speech in favor of free silver. He said
that he did not think the Prohibitionists
could afford to neglect other issues as im
portant as that of temperance.
At the conclusion of General Bidwell's
address the committee on permanent or
ganization and orderof business presented
its reports, which were promptly adopted.
It named Chauncy H. Dunn of Sacra
mento as permanent chairman of the con
vention and J. E. McComas as vice
chairman, with 0. A. Tupper and Mrs. H.
S. Taynton as secretaries.
The order of busiuess provided for the
election of twenty-nine delegates to the
National Convention, to be held in Pitts
burg, the election of nine Presidential
electors, of members of the National Com
mittee, of the State Committee, the nomi
nation of a Lieutenant-Governor, of seven
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
finiLTessmen, a United States Senator,
and wound up by providing for a finance
committee and "for the report of the com
mittee on platform.
The committee on credentials filed its
report, but as it did not touch upon the
question of proxies it caused considerable
discussion, the <ielegation from the south
ern part of the State insisting that it should
be modified in this particular before it
was adopted. It was nnally laid upon the
table until to-morrow.
The committee on platform and resolu
tions had a hard tussle with the hnancial
question. It finally agreed upon the follow
ing financial policy : We declare that money
should consist of gold, silver ard paper,
and be issued by the Government directly
to the people without the intervention of
any private individual or corporation,
sufficient in amount to transact the busi
ness of the country, and to be full legal
tender for all debts, public and private; to
this end -we favor the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of l<i to 1.
We oppose the issue of Government bonds
in time of peace, and in the payment of
it 3 bonds the Government should exercise
its option as to the coin in which such
bonds «re paid.
The immigration plank adopted is as
follows: We look with great concern upon
the increasing tide of immigration, thus
bringing to our Nation illit€racy, crime
and pauperism, and we are in favor of such
legal measures as shall make all immigra
tion subject to educational qualifications,
and also to increase the time under which
they may exercise the privilege of elective
franchise. -
The balance of the platform to be
reported is as follows:
We demand the extension of the right of
suffrage to woman upon the same terms as
given to men, and are in favor of the proposed
amendment to the constitution of this State
extending the right of suffrage to them.
We are unalterably opposed to any appro
priation of public funds for sectarian schools
and firmly hold that lor trustees and teachert
none snould be elected except men and women
of high moral character.
We are in favor of settling all labor strikes
and all international disputes by arbitration.
All men should be protected by law in tho: r
right to one day's rest In seven.
we oppose the passage of the funding bill
now pending in Congress, or nny bill ex
tendiug the payment of the debt of the
Pacilic railroads to the Government and de
mand that the Government foreclose its lien
upon said ronde.
We demand the election of President, vlee-
Prcsideut and United State* Senators by a
direct vote of the people.
We demand that railronds, telegraphs
and other monopolies snould be owued
and oucrated by the Government, jriving to
the people the benefit of service and products
therefrom at cost. Tho Prohibition party in
convention assembled acknowledging its
alH'Kifinrp to Almighty Hod, presents the fol
lowing declaration of principles:
Believing that the drink traffic is the most
important issue before the American people;
thnt in addition to desolating the homes and
destroying vast numbers of our people an
nually and corrupting politics It overrides jus
tice, is an enemy to the public welfare, ami is
a constant menace to tne perpctultv of our
liberties, we therefore demand the prohibition
of the manufacture, sale, importation and ex
portation of all intoxicants for beverage pur
]>o*es, and we appeal to Christians' and patriots
to cast their votes with us for its overthrow.
We demand direct legislation, Hie inintive
and rt'fer(fndum in National, State and local
matters, also proportional representation.
During the afternoon meeting of the
State Central Committee Chairman Glass
reported that he could no longer serve as
chairman of the State Committee, as he
had traveled over L'o,ooo miles and spent
$1500 of his own money. He said that
in other States, notably Indiana, thechair
man of the State Committee was paid a
salary of |150. He said ho thought $100 a
month was little enough to pay him, and
that unless the convention paid him that
salary he would not consent to serve
longer as chairman of the State Commit
tee.
The financial affairs of the party were
discussed, and it was decided to refer the
matter of raising funds to the incoming
committee.
The convention adjourned until to-mor
row morning at 8:30 o'clock, at which time
the committee on platform will probably
be ready to present its report. The com
mittee has decided to submit planks cov
ering the questions of prohibition, woman
suffrage and anti-gambling, as applied to
the licensing of it by municipalities, and
will declare in favor of arbitration bet wee a
capital and labor.
SANTA BARBARA MOURNS.
Ex-Mayor Edward W. Gat/ Interred in the
Beautiful Cemetery at Mon
tecito.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 13.— The
funeral of Edward W. Guty took place at
10 o'clock this forenoon from the Church of
Our Lady of Sorrows. A large congrega
tion gathered to pay the last honor to one
who had been Santa Barbara's chief mag- |
istrate, and who was held in regard for his
sterling traits of disposition. The casket
was covered with violets and roses f&ra
the groat La Marque, whiah climbs over
the Arlington veranda. ThY altar-rail was
banked with white roses, and floral pieces
covered with white rosebuds surrounded
the tall candle-sticks in the aisle.
Brothers Pacificus and Maf.hius of the
Old Mission and Father Ferrer met the
procession, accompanied by acolytes car
rying candles. The Rev. Father Stock
man and Right Rev. Father Meyers of Los
Angeles, the latter preaching tne funeral
sermon, were present. Mass was con
ducted by Father Ferrer, assisted by the
Franciscan brothers aB deacon and sub
deacon. The pall-bearers were: Georee S.
Edwards, Mayor F. M. Whitney, Dr. G.
WaltherOtto. E. P. Dunn Judge W. B.
Cope. C. H. Frink, Judge R. B. Canfleld.
Dr. Richard J. Hall, Walter Hawley, H. j!
Finger, Eugene F. Rogers and A. L. Lin
coln.
The body was interred in the beautiful
Montecito Cemetery, a large procession
following it to the grave.
A CORONER'S CASE
AT LOS ANGELES,
Ugly Circumstances Sur
round the Death of an
Old Man.
INJURED IN A QUARREL
His Leg Broken and He Dies
of Blood-Poisoning in a
Hospital.
THE SHERIFF INVESTIGATES.
Fred Butler Arrested and Shipment
East of the 80-iy Is Deferred
for an Inquest.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 13.-The
embalmed remains Of John Granger, in
tended for relatives at Detroit, Mich., were
stopped here this foronoon by Sheriff Burr
of this county on account of the aus
picious surroundings of the old man's do
mise.Blnvestigation convinced the Sheriff
that there were ma.iy chances of the de
ceased having received injuries from a fel
low named Fred Futler, who had been
seen in Granger's company a day or two
before he was taken to the County Hospi
tal. A complaint wa« issued to-day against
the suspect, who i? designated as John
Doe Fred, but whose real name is under
stood to be Fred Butler. Granger was
taken to the County Hospital suffering
from a broken leg, and the idea obtained
by the hospital officials was that he had
accidentally broken it. His case was not
considered dangerous and he was attended
to by the hospital surgeon.
His condition developed into a serious
one in a few days and it is stated that
mortification Eet hi, which resulted fatally
in spite of all that could be done for him.
It was found that on the night of May 2
Granger was in a saloon called the Golden
Eagle in this city and it is claimed that
while there he and Butler became involved
in a quarrel, which ended in Granger re
ceiving some very rough treatment at
Butler's hands. It is claimed that Butler
slammed him about in such a vigorous
manner that his leg was broken and that
he received the injuries from which he
died.
Granger has been around the city for
some time and has been in receipt of a
small income left him by the death of a
relative. His relatives in Detroit were
communicated with after hia death and
instructions were received to have
the body embalmed and shipped to his
sister in that city. The remains were
turned over to Undertaker Garrett and he
was about shipping them when stopped
by the orders of the Fheriff.
The investigation caused him to lay the
whole matter before Coroner Campbell,
and an inquest will be held to-morrow,
when additional light is expected to be
thrown upon the affair by the testimony
of the witnesses who have been summoned
in the case.
U NIVERSALIST CONFENTION.
Reports Presented and Several Interesting
Papers Read.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 13.— At the
second day's session here of the conven
tion of Universalists of California, Presi
dent Conger read the report of thesaleof
the church property at Pomona and the
purchase of a new church site, all of which
was put in the hands of the auditing com
mittee.
Reports were then made for the follow
ing parishes: Pasadena, Pomona, Santa
Paula, Riverside and Oakland. The Rev.
G. H. Deere, D.D., presented an excellent
paper on "The Originality of Jesus."
"Religious Life and Experience" was the
theme of a discourse Dy the Rev. N. Saun
ders.
The Woman's Missionary Society occu
pied the time in the afternoon. Mrs. H.
B. Manford, the president, opened the ses
sion, after which reports were presented
by the officers of the aid societies.
There were three papers, as follows:
"Church Extension Meetings," by Mr?. O.
P. (rould, secretary of the association ;
•The Key to the Situation," by Mrs. E.
W. Andrews, and "The Religious and So
cial Life of the Church," by Mrs. E. E.
Spalding.
The annual sermon was delivered this
evening by the Rev. W. M. Jones.
To-morrow morning, after the confer
ence and business session, a paper will be
read by the Rev. J. W. Hanson, D.D., on
the subjict, "Origin of and Universalism
in the Early Christian Church."
HIS EXPULSION DEMANDED.
Scathing Committee Report in the Case of
Rev. E. R. King.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 13.— The con
duct of the Congregational minister, Rev.
E. Russell King of Highlands, San Ber
nardino County, formerly of Paso Robles,
has been passed upon by a committee of
the San Bernardino Association of Con
gregational chnrches, and their report
condemns the reverend gentleman in
unmistakable terms. After a carefully
worded preamble of reasons for the in
vestigation, the report declares that the
Rev. Mr. King is a liar of great and subtle
attainments, and concludes a< follows:
Wo also have undoubted evidence of the un
manly, unchristian and flagrant miocondnct
of Mr. KinE toward bis Innocent children and
his wife— a woman whose character la com
mended as pure and praiseworthy. Further,
immorality. While proof upon this point can
not be claimed as iiosilive, at the same time
the circumstantial evidence is •uch as casts &
shadow upon Mr. King's character which
calls for the most emphatic condemnation.
In view of this evidence and the fact that
Mr. King, though cited, refuses to answer the
charges, we recommend that Earl Russell King
be expelled from the San Bernardino District
Association.
And we further recommend that the
churches and general public be warned against
this man as dangerous and unworthy.
O. H. Spoor,
W. N. Birr,
K. Bedford,
Committee.
FEES FOR RECORDERS.
An Opinion Applying to Mining Notices
Throughout the State.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 13.— Chief
Deputy District Attorney Hoi ton has given
an opinion in response to a request by E.
C. Hodgman, County Recorder of this
county, in the matter of fees for recording
notices of location of mining claims. A
decision was rendered not long ago by the
San Bernardino Superior Court, sustain
ing the collection of "such fees by Record
ers, and Mr. Holton, in his opinion, quotes
from this decision. He informs Recorder
] Hodgman that he is entitled to fees for re
cording such notices. The opinion is quite
elaborate and covers the points raised
fully. The opinion has an application in
such cases with all the Recorders of this
State.
PREMEDITATED SUICIDE.
Ferdict of the Coroner's Jury in the Case
Mrs. Forayth.
LOd ANGELES, Cal., May 13.-The
Coroner's jury in the inquest held over
the body of Mrs. Ella Forsyth, bettter
known here as May Emerson, who sui
cided in West Lake Saturday, found a ver
dict of premeditated suicide.
About one year ago Mrs. Forsyth disap
peared from her home in San Francisco,
leaving a note saying that she was going
on a pleasure trip out to Fort Jla-on.
Every day for weeks her husband, George
Forsyth, patrolled the beach in the hope
of recovering her body, as he supposed she
must have been drowned. Instead of
going to Fort Mason she eloped with Fred
Emerson to Los Angeles. Emerson de
serted her a few weeks ago and her family
had disowned her, hence her cause for
suiciding. Emerson refused to bury her
and Forsyth was communicated with. He
immediately telegraphed funds for her
burial, which will take place to-day.
♦
To Examine University Candidates.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 13.—Begin
ning at 8:30 a. m. to-morrow, and continu
ing through Friday and Saturday of this
week, the annual entrance examination of
candidates for admission to the University
of California at Berkeley will be hell in
the principal's office at the High School
building in this ci y. The examination
will cover all the requirements for admis
sion, and will be conducted by L. R.
Hewitt, the secretary of tto University of
California Club of this city.
PROCEEDINGS AT UKIAH,
High Court of Foresters Passes
Upon Amendments to
the Laws.
Hospitable Citizeas Entertain the
Visiting Delegates at a
BaLquet.
UKIAH, Cal., May 13.— The second
day's session of the 3eventh annual High
Court, Ancient Order of Foresters, has
been a very interesting one. The first
matter which was brought before the con
vention upon the opening of the session
this morning was ttie report of the State
district committee, tie adoption of which
was moved and resulted in the motion
being lost and the report rejected. The
plan outlined in tne report of tne district
committee provided that district sub
sidiary High Courts He organized, each to
have jurisdiction over the respective State
or Territory in whicri it may exist; that
delegates from each subordinate court
shall be selected to meet with such dis
trict convention annually, and that the
latter elect delegates to the subsidiary
High Court, which is to meet biennially.
It is expected that this question will again
arise during the meeting.
A committee appointed to decide an
appeal from Court Star of the 'West, de
fining the duties of the deputy high chief
ranger, overruled the action of the board
of iinal arbitrators.
Section 10, urticle 1 of the subsidiary high
court laws, was amended to read that all
laws and alterations in laws made at each
sub-high court meeting shall go into effect
on the first day of July following such
meeting, in place of January 1. Tiie pro
posed amendment to article 35, section 1,
was£recom mended by the committee, but
the motion to adopt* the report was lost.
The amendment, had it prevailed, would
have permitted the presentation of amend
ments to the general laws on the Hoor of
the convention, whereas at present all
amendments must be presented to the
executive council prior to December 31,
preceding each high court meeting. A
new committee, to be known as a com
mittee ou time and place of meeting, was
created. Several proposed amendments
to the general laws were rejected by the
committee on laws, and its report was
adopted.
A banquet was tendered the delecates
thi« evening at the opera house by the
people of t'kiah, and many delegates, as
well as a large number of invited guests,
were present. Speeches were made and
toasts indulged in at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The work of the order was exemplified
this evening by the high court officers at a
meeting of Court Redwood No. 7911.
SEATTLE RAILWAY LITIGATIUM.
Northern Pacific Attempts to Prevent the
Lake Shore Sale.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 13.— The North
ern Pacific Railroad Company has at last
made a move which will undoubtedly re
sult in a postponement of the sale of the
Seattle, Lake Shore and Eastern Railroad,
booked to take place next Saturday. Yes
terday afternoon papers were placed on
file in the Federal Court, in which the
Lake Shore Railroad Company appeals to
the Circuit Court of Appeals at San Fran
cisco from the decree signed by Judge
Hauford of the Federal Court ordering
the sale of the property to satisfy a mort
gage. Accompanying the petition is an
order made by Judge Hanford on May 2,
but which has not heretofore been pub
lished, which allows the appeal.
There was also filed yesterday by the Lake
Shore road a petition" asking the court to
modify the decree of foreclosure already
signed, so that certain property and other
interests which the road has "in Eastern
Washington will not be sold. The road
claims that the property referred to was
never intended to be included in the mort
gage. It was acquired a long time after
the mortgage had been given and under
circumstances which excluded it from the
mortgage.
While the Lake Shore appears as peti
tioner and appellant in these matters the
Northern Fecinc Railroad Company is
back of the moves. James Ashton of Ta
coma, who is counsel for Receiver Andrew
F. Burleigh on the Pacific Coast, appears
as counsel in the present appeal ana peti
tion.
WORK PROGRESSING RAPIDEE.
Santa Crux Will lie Ready for the Car-
nival in Oood Time.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 13.— There
was a full meeting of the carnival com
mittee to-night, and the work of prepara
tion in the detail shows plainly that this
will be the grandest of the Santa Cruz ex
hibitions. The citizens are becoming so
interested in the work that they are Irving
to hear of the progress and have asued for
a mass-meeting.
The committee to-night decided to hold
a mass-meeting on Saturday night, at
which will be presented the' full facts of
the work so far done and the prospects of
?he coming five weeks. The river work is
progressing, and the practical work on the
queen's throne and river features is being
done. Indeed the work is being pushed
with speed and carefulness as to Deing
proper.
Sold His Employer's Hove.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 13.— 8. C. Ben
son, who has been employed as a clerk by
Stinerson & Southgate, has been charged
with embezzlement. He is accused of
selling a horse belonging to the firm for
|27 40 and appropriating the money to his
own use.
Stanislaus' Register Canceled.
MODESTO, Cal., May 13.-The Board of
Supervisors of Stanislaus County this
morning ordered the Great Register can.
Ma^6 Re * registration will commence
CHRISTIAN CLANS
INVADE SAN JOSE
California Endeavorers Will
Meet in Convention
To-Day.
THOUSANDS TO GATHER.
Plans for the National Session
at San! Francisco Will Be
Considered.
TRUCE ON STATE DIVISION.
The Mooted Question Will Not Be
Brought Up During the
Conclave.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 13.— The matter
of arranging for the National Christian
Endeavor Convention, to be held in San
Francisco in 1897, will come up before the
State Convention of Endeavorers which
meets in this city tD-morrow evening. In
order to secure the National Convention
San Francisco had to guarantee $20,000
for expenses, and the question of helping
to raise this amount will be brought up.
The dividing of the State into two con
ventions, with the Tehachapi Mountains
as a dividing line, that has come up at
former conventions, will not be broached,
owing to the holding of the National Con
vention on this coast next year. There is
a strong sentiment in favor of division,
but the matter will not be mentioned.
The convention will be called to order
by State President Giles Kellogg, with
Leonard Merrill as secretary. It is esti
mated that the convention will be com
posed of about 500 delegates, but there
will be a couple of thousand Endeavorers
in attendance. The session will be more
in the shape of evangelistic meetings than
devoted to business.
Last year nearly all the State offices
went to southern delegates in order to se
cure the convention for San Jose, but in
view of the National Convention being
held'in San Francisco, it is believed that
most of the offices will go to delegates to
that City.
Most of the delegates will arrive by
special train from San Francisco
to-morrow afternoon. A large delegation
of Endeavor wheelmen are expected from
Oakland, and a committee has been ap
pointed for their entertainment.
COUNTY FATHERS FINISH,
The Convention of Supervisors
Concludes Its Labors and
Adjourns.
Garden Cityites Show the Visitors
Through the State Normal
School.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 13.— The State
Convention of County Supervisors finished
its business at noon to-day, and this after
noon the delegates were taken for a drive
over the county roads and on a visit to
the various county institutions. This
mornine the Supervisors visited the Nor
DO YOU WANT
MANHOOD?
Every man who has any pride * — s
in his make-up knows how v-.
precious to his life's happiness, /jP _ _J3^ S V/^s^.
how necessary to his self- * mr7m>^'" *\i' *W^-T^
respect, is the feeling of strong, ■-,' • /F^?//'
vigorous manhood. No man -i^--/&v
enjoys life who has always Jx»«_^^P^
hanging over him the dread of . J^^^Lmi^
Nervous Debility. There is that / ITC/
deep-rooted disgust with him- •.: . /\^'\B\
self, the fear that his friends / >S^fj^S
will discover his condition. It V / \&§ffi\
robs life of all that is enjoyable I •M^l&vA
; — all that makes life happy l't \^Y \\
peace of mind ; jovial, sociable j\\ Jjg. *Jt
disposition; the confidence in rJ" J^Ji~"^=3--^4.
self. It takes from him the
bright side of life-that healthy '*&g^~«*m^
vital force in him which pictures all things as beautiful. It is
gone, and he sees everything black, gloomy; miserable.
The wish to be strong, to feel one's self the equal of all men
iin all that makes man perfect, is at some time strong in tho
heart of every man. ?
MAN! ARE YOU WEAK?
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and vital forces as you
should be Do you find your manly strength giving way too
early? Have you strong muscular power and weak vital powers?
Do you notice that your capacity for business, study or pleasure
is waning?, All these are signs of the loss of vital nerve
force— Electricity— from your body. Replace it and be a man.
Get back Nature's vitality which you have wasted by indiscre-
tions or excesses.
This is the age of progress. A means has been found for tha
restoration of manly vigor. It is
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT!
Never failing in its invigorating powers it has made thousands of
vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent creatures. It
will cure you if you are weak. "Three Classes of Men" is a very
valuable treatise on the restoration of manhood. If you are weak
get it at once. It is free, on application, and will point out a
course by which you can become a healthy and happy man
. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has a regulator, and the electric
power can be turned on mild or strong at will. No other belt
made has it. ; '•■•■■■.■..
Act to-day. In a matter of this kind—a matter which con-
cerns the happiness not only of yourself, but of your family and
friends, of your future generations— you should not delay.
&<A.TSTTJ>-Elisr SXiSOTniO 00.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to I
""■ ■ OFFICES AT
JLOS ANGELES. CAL» ' I • • PORTnwn n» •
204 Bout* fto^wvr I ■WwSftSEi ?&*
mal School in a body and were pleased
with the workings of the institution.
A resolution, to petition the Legislature
to provide for the expenses of Supervisors
attending State conventions was the first
business before the session to-day. The
matter was discussed at length, but no
action was taken.
A motion to seat the District Attorneys
of the various counties in the convention
was unanimously defeated, Henderson of
Stockton opposing it vigorously on the
eroundthat there would be too much legal
Fore and not enough work accomplished.
The formation of county boards of
health was discussed at length.
Henderson offered a resolution to the
effect that the Legislature should be peti
tioned to abolish the system of fees for
justices and constables and fix a uniform
salary, apportioning one each to every
township except in incorporate towns. He
said the matter had gone so far in San
Joaquin County that brakeraan would
telegraph anead to a constable that they
had so many tramps on board and the
arrests would follow, which kept the offi
cers drawing the full limit allowed by law
on vagrant cases only. Ti.e resolution was
carriea.
A resolution was introduced favoring an
amendment to the State law making it
necessary for the person in whose barn a
tramp is found sleeping to swear out a
warrant before an arrest can be made for
vagrancy. A few minor matters were dis
cussed and the convention adjourned.
HERM NN SONN ADJOURN.
Woodland Will Entertain the Grand
Lodge Sext Year.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 13.— The Grand
Lodge of Hermann Sons, which has been
in session here for the past two days, ad
journed this morning.
The per capita tax for the coming year
was fixed at 40 cents. A committee, con
sisting of one member from each lodge in
the State, was appointed to arrange for
the annual meeting of the Grand Lodge at
Woodland next year. A costly past presi
dent's regalia was voted to the retiring
president, L. Schareoberg. An invitation
to visit the Frederickaburg brewery and
partake of a lunch was accepted.
T§9
■^"^■^^■^ on't suffer from con-
stipation when you can bo cured by the
use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Don't
take a cheap, nasty iodide of potassium
Sarsaparilla, when the native remedy —
Joy's— can be had. :' f . '■,'. A
Don't have pimples on your face, there-
fore use Joy's Vegetable Saraaparilla. • ,v ;
Don't suffer from liver trouble. Joy's
Sarsaparilla cures liver disorders.
Testimonial.
The Edwin W. Joy Co., 269 Stevenson
! street, San Francisco, Cal.— Gentlemen —
From a deep sense of gratitude I am glad
j to be able to tell you that I am now a well
j and hearty woman. All" the old symp-
toms have disappeared. I have no more
headaches. They are gone.
You see, my headaches were so awful, so
extremely painful, I had to call in many
doctors, but was never relieved until I
used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is
such a pleasant medicine. There is no
nasty taste to it. ..
I can eat almost anything and digest
well. I sleep every night. My stomach
does not fill up and bloat. My digestion
is really perfect. Ipr iise the Joy's Vege-
| table Sarsaparilla and will always recom-
I mend it. I stopped using pills as soon as
I began to take Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilia. It is a splendid laxative. Hoping
some person will read this who is loosing
for relief, I wish you God's blessing.
(Signed) MRS. LEE WALTERS,
823 E. First Street, Los Angeles. Cal,MANY MEDICOS
DISCUSS DISEASE.
Homeopaths of California
Convene to Exchange
Ideas.
JOIN IN A JUBILEE.
Just One Hundred Years Since
Hahnemann Founded This
School.
UNUSUAL INTEREST AROUSED.
Attendance and New Members in
Excess of Former Years— Women
Well Represented.
The California State Homeopathic Medi
cal Society began its twentieth annual ses
sion yesterday forenoon in the Maple
Room cf the Palace Hotel.
Over sixty doctors, about a fourtn of
them women, were present as representa
tives of various parts of the State.
The morning session was occupied prin
cipally by routine business, including re
ports of officers and committee.
Fourteen new members were elected, a
decided increase over records of previous
years. The membership of the society at
present is 112, the largest it has ever been.
Following are the physicians who were
voted in:
Dr. J. F. Tapley of Marysville, Dr. W.
N. Lamb of San Francisco, Dr. J. S.
Hodge of Pasadena, Dr. H. P. Stipp of
Winters, Dr. Ida B. Stanbach of Santa
Barbara, Dr. R. L. Hill Jr. of Oakland, Dr.
G. L. Long of Fresno, Dr. A. L. Cunning
ham of Oakland, Dr. N. ri. Chamberlain
of Oakland. Dr. Carra B. Scofield of Oak
land, Dr. Eva L. Harris of Oakland, Dr.
Mary Ellen Hoffman of San Francisco, I
Dr. J. Kastendick of San Francisco, and j
Dr. O. B. Hastings of Selma.
The president's annual address was de
livered by Dr. C. B. Currier of this City,
whose term of office expires to-day.
Speaking of the purpose of the assem
blage he said: "It becomes us as pro
fessional men and women to come together
annually, and if we find in our therapeutic
capital any deteriorated or damaged stock
to weigh carefully that which is still in
the experimental stage and to set the seal
of our approval upon that which has been
tried and not found wanting. These meet
ings are our summer schools of good fel
lowship."
He spoke of the great value of the
Koetpen ray to medical science and sur
gery and commented upon the possibili
ties yet undeveloped in its usefulness. He
sounded a note of warning against a too
general use of coal tar preparations as a
hypodermic treatment for the opium
habit, and in the same connection he as
serted that the Keeley institutes are
Closing their doors and giving way to hyp
notic influences as a substitute for the jag
eyrin^e in the cure of the liquor habit.
The enormous gathering of Moham
medans as a result of their great annual
sacred pilgrimage to Mecca, he declared,
is the cause of cholera that nearly every
year comes from the overcrowding of un
clean hordes, whose representatives subse
quently scatter the germs of the disease
into China and Japan, where it becomes a
continual menace to America and par
ticularly to California. In Southern Cali
fornia, Dr. Currier asserted, the death rate
from consumption is, in proportion to
population, much smaller than it was in
l i 4:0,: 0, and has been steadily decreasing
since that time, although consumptives,
even in the hopeless stages of the disease,
continue to seek relief in the equitable
climate of the southern coast.
In the afternoon the report of the scien
tific committee was taken up, the follow
ing papers being read and so eagerly and
freely discussed that many others on the
programme had to be put off until to-day.
This may necessitate four instead of thrae
days for the whole session, as only one
eixth of all the papers have yet been read.
The papers were "Clinical Medicine and
Electricity," Dr. Herbert M. Bisnopof Los
Angeles; "Two Peculiar Cases of Throat
Troubles," Dr. A. C. Peterson of San Fran
cisco; "Clinical Cases." Dr. W. A. Ledyard
of San Francisco. On the subject of ob
stetrics; "Post-partum Hiemorrhage and
Retained Placenta," Dr. James T. Martin
of Woodland; "Abortion," Dr. Susan J.
Fenton of Oakland; "Sterility," Dr.
Bertha Wagner Stark of San Francisco;
"Ante-natal Influence," Dr. Carolin L.
Guild of ban Francisco, Dr. J. M. Selfridge
of Oakland, and Dr. Pratt of San Jose.
The fact that Dr. Hannemann founded
the principles of homoepathy just 100
years ago was fittingly celebrated last
night at Native Sons* Hall. Friends of
the school and of its chief exponents in
this City filled the large auditorium and
the galleries, which were still gay with
the elaborate decorations and yellow bunt
ing that formed so pleasing a setting for
the great Woman's Congress that had
held forth there during the previous week.
Included in the programme were: In
troductory remarks, by George H. Martin,
M. D. ; an original poem. "Hahnemann,"
by Haye.« C. French, M. i>. ; a vocal solo',
by Mrs. Eva Tenney; an oration, by H. B.
Arndt, M. D, and a violin solo, by Noah
.Brandt.
CAUSED A DOUBLE TRAGEDY
Marie Eismann's Desperate Sui
cide Led to Another's
Death.
She Turned on the Gas and Killed
James Allen Chase as Well
as Herself.
Marie Eismann, a German girl, hardly
twenty years of age, committed suicide
ysterday by turning on the gas in the
kitchen of the house in which she was
employed at 2010 Goiij.'h street. Slie lay
down to meet her death in an adjoining
room, and nothing but a plain Miieide
could be recorded dul for the fact that an
innocent man walked into a death-trap,
as it were, and suffered the consequences.
Marie Eismann was a domestic in the
house of Marsden Manson. She had been
there for months, during which time she
was a steady patron of fortune-tellers. She
was a nervous woman, who- was likely,
under pressure, imaginary or otherwise,
to go to extremes, and after a Blight tiff
with her mistress, Mr?. Manson, Tuesday
last, over household affairs, she was weak
enough to seek death instead of an ex
planation.
Marsden Manson, formerly the engineer
for the Board of Harbor Commissioners,
who was the employer of the dead girl,
and whose father-in-law met death in the
same tragedy, was seen yesterday by a
Call reporter shortly after the tragedi
was discovered. His history of the affair
is the most complete that the Coroner or
any one else has been able to obtain.
"Sunday and Monday," Mr. Manson
stated. "Marie was very lively and pleas
ant. Mrs. Manson and I expected to go
to Berkeley this morning, and subse
quently we were to take a country trip
lasting several months. Marie was to be
left in charge of the house with our fattier,
Mr. Chase, the father of my wife. We bad
the utmost confidence in her, and are posi
tively dumfounded that she says any
thing in her ante-mortem letters regard
ing accusations made against her honesty.
"Yesterday Marie burned a little basket
which was of absolutely no intrinsic value
to any one. She shoved it in the lire and
that was the end of it. To my wife and
the old gentleman it meant a great deal as
a memento, and perhaps they may have
chided her about it. But that was not
enough to make her commit suicide.
"This morning when it was about time
for the girl to prepare breakfast, airs.
Manson, as was her custom, stamped on
the floor of our bedroom. By this she was
usually enabled to awaken the girl. As
Mane did not answer my wife's call, she
went downstairs to awaken her.
"Imagine her horror as she opened the
kitchen door. Her father lay dead, to all
appearance, in the armchair, and the over
whelming odor of gas told the story.
"Mrs. Manson screamed when she
realized what had occurred, and the re
sults. I rushed down and dragged Mr.
Chase from the room, trying to get him to
some fresh air. We telephoned for phy
sicians on all sides and succeeded eventu
ally in getting Dr. Graham and a number
of medical students from the Cooper Medi
cal Institute. When they arrived it was
too late. Mr. Chase, who was over 80 years
of age, had already succumbed to the
deadly fumes."
The unfortunate girl who committed
suicide was a native of Germany.
Her parents are residents of " Grants
Pass, Or. She came to this City about
seven months ago, and first went to live
with her friend, Mrs. Phoebe Hillcourt, at
1607 Golden Gate avenue. Subsequently
she obtained employment with the Man
sons as a domestic.
From the letters that the girl left it is
almost certain she knew that death was
to be her share. At the same time their
wording is such that she must have been
out of her mind when she penned them.
The first one is as follows:
Dear Mamma, Papa and Brother: I will be
dead to-morrow, but you must all forgive me.
It is not my fault. Forgive me. I nwear in the
name of God 1 have not done it. Good-by.
Will see you soon again. Your daughter and
sieter, Marie.
Another was addressed to "Mrs. Hill
court, 1507 Gough Btreet." It read as fol
lows:
Dear Phatby : lam accused as thief here, but
I swear iv the name of God I am fnnocent. I
will be dead to-morrow. Let Mr. Hilcourt
bend my trunk horns to mamma. Bury me
wherever you please, but forgive me for this,
as I cannot overcome being a thief. Your
friend in heaven, Marie.
P. S. — Console and write comfort to my poor
father and mother, my darling Phccby.
The oddest part of the whole story is the
death of old Mr. James Allen Chase, the
father of Mrs. Manson. He was in the
habit each morning of toddling out and
getting his daily newspaper from the front
stoop. He then went to the back of the
house, which had a warm southern ex
posure, so as to read in comfort in the
kitchen. In doing this he ran into the
heavy fumes of the gas, and at his age of
80 he was not able to tight against its in
fluence.
The Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— The Grand
Jury to-day had under consideration the
killing of a young man named M ooney at
Sixteenth-street station recently, and the
alleged bribery of witnesses in the inquest
over the remains of May Quill, who was
killed at Berkeley last December.
Kuuitwnr Accident.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— William
Shepard and daughter of Moraga Valley
were thrown from their wagon in East
Oakland this morning. The box covered
them, and when it was lifted both were
found uninjured.
"THE CALL'S" RACIING GUIDE.
To-D«y's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
ADbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m.,mlle; f., furlong; •.about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; non-winners in 189 a
; Best
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. | Lbs'Tk. Owner.
824 Chinook 107 |~|wiiliam Dixon
1163 iPodiga 1121:20 6f lOliH.. A. Berry
1055 Jim Corbett lll!l:14S^ *6 f 105:F... ' W. H. Bowan
1088 My sweetheart. 107 1 i ........ G. Matthews .
1107 lOondo!* 109 1:08 5% 106 F... W. P. Fine ."'
1164 illarry Lewis 113 ! J. Maddox
1098 ,Miss Garvin.... 10« 1:09 5% 86 F... S. F. Gapp \
1058 Lamllord Ils;norec J. Robbins
1087 IBert 112| J. L. Crooks '..'.
1090 'Hal Fisher 116 F. F. Maley .
1180 jTuberose 110 no rec C. Earl
1105 'siiver Mate.... 110 I :l3Vi 6f 90 F... W. Thompson...
1067 Rocket 112' no rec. K. Kaufman
1090 Fleet 112 i • Jj. I). Fitzgerald
1098 Bordeaux 112 ]c. W. Chappel.
Owner.
imp. BlsckbUd 11-Charlty
i'owliattan-Ciidiga
Wlldldle-Rachael
Major BHii-Libbertiflibbet
Frank Rhoades- Delia
Versailles-Cousin Kate
Fello* charm-Sal Hampton
Lontrfpllow-imp. Mantan'ta
Asterlix- Hannah E
Bock Walton-Alire
Wildldle-Agnes B
Imp. Cheviot-lies Shannon
Cyclone-Negrrss
Hermese- Unknown
Imp. Manner-Kufaula
Tedlgree.
SECOND RACK-Half mile; selling; two-year olds.
Index. !
Name.
I Best
; Lbs record. Dlsu
Lbs Tk.l
Owner.
Pedlrr*«.
1136 Lost Girl 103:50 103; Fa. JMartln &McConnell!»obrante-bv Tyrant
1093 Lena ;l0l!:51% y, m 98'h.. |F. Farrar. Apacbe-Kill
11M Howards :108.:39 3f 110 H.. IJ. H. shields Imp. Whistle Jacket-Zellca
1093 'Dolor- llOl":M> %m 97 F... Pueblo stable Wildidle-RosettT
IJOA ) aldos :104:norec Los Angeles stable Imp. Calvados-babrina
1130 Quantrell 104 no rec Nevada stable El Rio Rev-Addle O'Nnell
1168 Bohemian Lass. 103| no rec Bohemian stable... Flambeau-imp Amelia
... The Hunger.... l lo3j no rec P. Archibald Imp. Idallum-Annle Lewis
1162 Dunboy 11051:49 y3y 3 m 101 F... Lone stable Imp. Loyalisi-Spray
THIRD RACE-Six furlongs: purse.
Index.!
Name.
1 Best
Lbs record.
Dist. iLbsjTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
Lurky D 109 no rec. E. J. Appleby Prince Norfolk-Kilty Lamb
1170 Wm. Pinkerton 97 1:15y a | 6f 97 F.. 8. C. Hlldreth Shaunon-Fanni.- Lewis
(1131)Kellicoso 117;1:15 6f 112, Fa. Pneblo stable Peel-imp. Janet N
(1170)<ieorge Miller... 116 1:13V 4 ! 6f 116!F .. W. L. Stanfleld Loftiu-Kmma
11S9 |\ankee Doodle. , 106; I :l4yfr I 6r 107|F.. Cambridge stable .. |Pnnce Koyal-Manzanlu
FOURTH RACE-Seven furlongs; selling.
i Best I ' "
Index.] Name. Lbs; Record 1 Dlst. LbslTk. | Owner. Pedigree.
(1140) .v.odel 105 l:14 3/ 4 6 f 1001F... (California stable.... Imp. Sir Modrtd-Gynav
1146 , Una Clue Amo.. 911:03 isf 103 Fa. | Ferris II art man. ... Torso-Llule Flush
1180 Kedlßlen 107i1:29iA'7 f 100 F... CambridKestable... Glen Elm-Red Girl
(1171);BelleBoyd 97.1:29 17 f 104 F... J. P. Atkin XI Rio Rey-Svlvla
1156 st. Lee 108; 1 :41 Vi l l m 921F... s. C. HHdreth Imp. Sir Georze-Levee
1120 , Howard 11l < l:2Bift 7f 103, F... K. E. Uolan Tyrant-Mayetie
lias Meadow Lark. .11091 :16 6f 109jF... Elmwood Ktk farm.. Imp. Brutus-Nabctte
iSweetbriar |10l|norec I jw. I* Sullivan. Ben Ali-Lady Middleton
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACK— One and a quarter miles; handicap.
1
Index, i
Name.
; BeHt
Lbs I record.
DUU iLbslTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1166 IDonCscsar , 100 1 : 6714 ! Iyß m 104 i Fa. Kirn wood stock fm., Imp. Brutus-Bessie
1163 sclmetar. I 90' 1:42 lm 89 F... .1. 11. Shields. Imp. Eotheu-Wyandotte
1114 Polask! I 85 |....| Owens Bros. |Capt. Al-Gold Cup
1137 Wheel Fortune 118 2:091/4 1 1 /* m 106 Fa. J. Harvey Gano-Jennle B
1172. I All Over 108 1:491/4 ! U-16m 112 X... S. C. Jlil*_ytb ; Hanover- Deceit
1156 I St. Lee 108 1:47V2 lM6m 96 F-. S. C. llilflreth Imp. St. George-Levee
1147 Keydel liandids 100 2:14)1/4 i*/4 m 90 Fa. 1 Lone stable Ip-True Brlton-Ema Collier
1158 G. B. Al orris.... 103 2:101/. IV4 m 115 F... I K. Corrfgan.. Longtellow-Qiu-en Beluga
SIXTH Race— One mile; selling.
1 Best ? '
Index.; Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs|Tk.| .Owner. Pedigree.
1132 Monlta .......... 11l 1:41% lm j 104 '1...: M.Schwartz........ St. Savioiir-Mghtliawk
1102 LonafLady 98 1:13 »6 f 105,'F...*J. C. Humphrey.... Major Ban-i>ecov Duck
1171 Alvoro 95 1:17 6f 95 Fa. S. C. Hildreth loano-Lllita
1126 Clan* Johnson 99 1:071,4 5f 99 H. . M. Johnson El Rio Rey-Valerie
1161 Seaside. .109 1:16 6f 1 105 F... |P. Slebenthaler..... Imp. Mariner-Marin
1166 Little Cripple... 113 1:5B iy 8 m 102 F... J.Weber... PirPenzanc.-L<ly Sinnhotw
1153 Ilermantia. .... j 107 1:28 71 »7 F M . ! J. O. Follausbee... Fresno-str to Jlin U(,nir!»«
1147 Keydelßandldos 98 1:42 1 m 96 F... Lone stable | Ip. True Briton-Em Collier
Owner.
Pedigree.
SEVENTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs ; selling; non-winners in 1896.
. ; Best I : ; : : •
Index. Name. Lbs Kecord Dlst. iLbs'Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1161 Mt. Air IC9 1:12 *& t i98F..; W. B. Dodd.:; Imp. Brutus- Jule
1098 Swiftanxe llll:08«/ j SV«, f : 08 F. . A. H. Small ' Comma- Laura D
10^.4 Ujr-«cleS... .... 1:0 1:08 ; 6Vz f 104 F. . 1 Musto & Ruj-z Noriolk Gil.oy Belle
1<)() Garcia.. ......... 112 v... :.... 11. Klliott Wildldlc-Nlzhthawk •
1008 Vi-Pka... ........ 109 1:013/4 Sf 98 F. . William Stewart ... Flood-imp Brld-et
Id9h j.ron 109 1:08i/aj 6y 2 f 91 F. . Ira KHmsdell | Ip.Mldlothmn-byGreatTom
.11 America ....... 107 . D. J. ToMn Red Iron- I.ou B
1064 Bravura :....... 107 .......: .... ...-. 1 Pueblo stable Wildtdle-W'hv Votf '
l(lf;8 Allahabal : 109 1:331* 7f 98 H.. W. Randall .... Hyder All Floride
1094 .Marble H0ck... .11'-' 1:15»4 6f 104 F. . Henulpen stable.... Imp. Eric-Rock*^
1177 |Warrm«0........ ,110jl:40%i 1 m 101 ,F. . Garden City stable. Warwick-Fedalma
Owner.
Pedigree.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
THE LONG SHOTS
RETURN WINNERS,
Racing at Ingleside—"La
dies' Day" a Trifle
Mixed.
THREE FAVORITES WON.
Masses of Humanity Attest the
Popularity of the Sport
of Kings.
DUKE STEVENS AT LAST WON.
Silverado Got the Hurdle Run on a
Foul— Huntsman Skipped In
at io to i.
Ladies' day at Ingleside is now quite the
proper fad. Four or five thousand mem
bers of the weaker sex and a couple thou
sand of the stronger descendants of Adam
of Garden-of-Eden fame saw the racing
yesterday, and the movement looking
toward woman suffrage appears to be
swimming on the top wave of success. As
the season draws to a close, the "sport of
kings," instead of diminishing, seems to
be increasing in popularity. The cars con
veying passengers to the picturesque
course were literally packed, and the
bronzed sons of Bunny Italy, toiling in the
vegetable gardens adjacent to the track,
eazed in astonishment at the moving
masses of humanity on wheels.
Once inside the grounds and the battle
for wealth began. The ring experienced
one of the liveliest betting days of the
meeting. Messenger-boys with commis
sions from fair bettors up in the grand
stand were scooting around among the
crowd thicker than mosquitoes iv fishing
time.
Seven favorites went to the post, of
which number three were returned win
ners, long-priced outsiders taking the
balance, a medley of mixtures that should
please the most fastidious spectator.
The Roman put the big throng in good
humor by taking the opening four-furlong
dash, starting at 4 to 1, equal choice with
Widow Jones. Dolce was a good second,
with Santa Paula finishing in the show.
The six-furlong handicap with five start
ers that came next, however, resulted in a
bie dump. Midas was backed down from
6 to 5 to 9 to 10 and exhibited about as
much speed as a prize cow, finishing the
poorest sort of a third. Olive, the 9 to 5
second choice, won handily at the end
from Nebuchadnezzar.
The mile and three-eiehths handicap hur
dle went to the 9 to 5 favorite, Silverado,
through a disqualification. Hello, who
went back in the betting from 8 to 5 to
fours, won handily, but J. Murphy, the
rider of the post choice, entered a claim of
foul, which was allowed by the judges,
after Clancy, who piloted Hello, had made
the admission that he interfered with
Murphy's mount.
Ten selling platers went to the post In
the fourth race, a mile selling affair.
Elmer F was favorite around post time,
and although rualnng a very creditable
showing, was beaded out at the wire by
the S to 1 chance Huntsman, who beat him
two lenghts in l:44>i.
The six-furlong sprint that followed saw
nine more of the cheaper class of horses
face the starter. Governor Budd at 3%
had a slight call in the betting over Lv"
cille, Doubtful and O'Fleta, but ran un
placed. After making most of the run
ning Red Pike was beaten out the last
jump by Doubtful, ridden by Butler.
The notorious old rogue Duke Stevens
was backed down several points from
10 to 1 to pull off the sixth number on the
card, also over six furlongs, and aid it in
clever fashion, piloted by Charley Weber.
He was away in front, and, ridden out,
passed the stand half a length in advance
of Skalkaho, a 20 to 1 ohot. The 3 to 1
choice. Cadenza, was unplaced.
The motto at the track is petting te be
"Summer Time all the time." The fast
daughter of Fitzjames was a 9 to 10 favor
ite over her field in the last race of the
day, another spin at six furlongs, and she
justified the confidence reposed in her by
heading Toano in tne stretch and beating
him out easily by two lengths. Tiberius
was third.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMB.
Racing will reopen to-day at the Bay
District tract. The card is a lengthy
one with a large list of entries.
After betting had progressed for a short
time on the fourth race, Fair Faith was
scratched and twenty minutes allowed for
a new book.
Flammifer appears to be unfortunate,
for he was again left at the post.
Bookmaker George Rose will give Rear
Guard to any one that will assure the bay
norse a good home. Rear. Guard ia a bay
horse by Post Guard-Alfonie Carter, and
as he is a staliion, should be a desirablG
acquisition to some small breeder.
This action of the well-known penciler
is certainly a most commendable one, for
many owners when the once petted racer's
day of usefulness is o'er sells him for a
song, to do duty as a carhorse or end his
days at the merciless hands of the cheap
cab driver.
Captain Rees, the presiding judge at
Ingleside, who departed for Cincinnati
last evening, was compelled to leave before
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter Meeting. Ingleside Track. Eighty-fourth day.
Wednesday, May 13, 1896. Weather fine. Track good.
"j "j 17 A FIKbT HACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; allowances; purse $400.
Index. Horse, weight. St. Vi Vi % Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. eUInB CI
1162 ! The Roman 113 i 8 51 31 11 Coady 3 • 4
1130 Dolce 110 3 3V* IVi 21 Snider 10 12
1165 ! Santa Ptuila 110 4 11 2Vi 3V> I Williams ' 6 10
1155 Tortoise US 10 9 10 4 Glover 15 20
1155 IHaisey 113 6 8 9 6 Manin ,20 20
1155 ; Widow Jones 110 2 7 8 6 shields 4 4
1165 j Sharon Lass 103 11 21 4 7 Frawley 10 20
1155 jDioblitft 110 1 6 7 8 Peoples 1121 12 14
116 M iLaura Hurt 103, 9 10 5 9 Pipgott 12 15
1158 Horatio 113 7\ 4 h 6 10 C. Wooer 6 8
<iHB l'oplnjay 113 13 12 11 11 Beauchamp . . .. 50 100
1165 Rachel HOj 6 11 12 12 Carroll 6 8
1118 :Rosa Magenta.. . .ll4| 12 13 13 13 Ber?en 160 60
1051 Amelia S 110' 14 14 14 14 Johnson
1112 IVikins .llOileft Cleary ...I 8 20
61
:::::::: »
9
8
7
21
6
10
4h
12
11
13
14
Str.
Fin. Jockeys. op*"' ng cl
1 1 Coady 3 • 4
2 1 Snider. 10 12
3% I Williams.. ! 6 10
4 Glover 15 20
6 Martin. ,'JO 20
6 Shields ! 4 4
7 Frawley 10 '20
8 Peoples 12. 14
9 Pipc0tt... ....... 12 15
10 C. Weber 6 8
11 Beau champ .... 50 100
12 Carr011.......... 6 8
13 Ber?en 60 60
14 Johnson
iCleary ...j 8 -.-- 20
I Betting.
I Op. Cl
31
lVs
2^
10
9
8
4
7
5
6
11
12
13
14
st.-mine-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Elmwood stock farm's b. c, by imp. Brutus-Beauty.
Time, :4:<-' + .
1175. BECO * D
RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
three-year-olds
and upward ;
purse $400.
lndM. Horse, age. weight. 1 St. jVi Vi I =54 Str. Fin. Jockeys. lo? c "' n c\
(1172)!()Hvp, 4 101! 1 3h 82 21 11 Ptggolt I 3-2 9-5
1156 iNebucba^nezzr, 4 04! 4 11 11 lh 28 Butler 6 11-2
1148 Midas. 4 100, 3 21 2h 33 32 H. Martin 1 9-10
1181 Carnation, 3 82 5 4 3Vi 48 42 41 Feighery 40 50
1151 Tobey, 4 931 3 j 6 | 6 6(5 Johnson 150 80
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. f., by Apache- Virgie. Time, 1:143/4-
-1 lld THIRD RACK— One mile and three furlongs, over five hurdles; four-year-olds and upward;
1110. handicap: purse $400.
Time, 1:148/4.
Index. Horse, age, weight. Ist. Std. i/ 4 Vi 84 I Str. j Fin. I Jockeys. op?"'"?:!
I [up. V/l.
li:<* Silverado, a 135 ! 244 43 41 3V»3h ;2 h T. Murphy. ~S JT(S
1138 Templemore. a. ..130 113 12 11 IVa I'-' Vi 3*& Boyd.. 4 6-2
1121 I Col \\'elghtmau,4.l3B 3 5 6 5 5 4 3 48 Martinus 3 6
1122 bleeping Child, 4 125 4 23 36 |2 Vi 43 5 5 C. Murphy.....:... 30 12
1157 He 110,4 140 5 32 2h 34 2% 11 11 * Clancy. 8-5 16-6
r.ood start (with flag). Won easily. Winner, O. F. Johnson's b. g., by sid-by Reveille. Time,
2:35%. 'Disqualified. • > -. . . .
1 177 FOUKTH RaCE — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; conditions; purse 9400.
Index, llorae. a^e, weight. St. Vi \/ % str.
1165 Huntsman, 6 116 1 lXfc 11 11 1
11.->1 F.lmer F, 5 116; 4 62 61 4 2 43
1161 iWarrau-o, 5 114! 3 3Vi 2Va 2 J-i 2h
1161 AblP.a 114; 2 21 31-3 81 2Vi
11J7 Articis. 5 119' 8 6h 5 1 62 5 1
1160 Ma Saver. 4 110, 7 7Vi 7 71 7
1171 I >u usance 11, a 119 6 9 9 9 8
1H74 , Han fort, 4 \\l 9 86 8 5Vi 6
1 160 iKodegap, 4 112: 6 41 1U h : 9
1163 All Smoke.4 llOlleft
Fin. Jockey,. „*««*&
12 Martin !~8 10
2Vi Snider t>-2 2
3 S Narvaez 8 '15
4h Williams 5 7
5 1 C. Weber 3 9-2
6 1 Cleary 50 100
7 2 8urn5........ 15.^;30
8 5 Piggott 8 9
9 Bergen ,50 50
..Rowan I 5 3
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, P. Herzog's b. g., b
l:44Vi.
Prince of Norfolk- Haidoe. Time,
11 7S i ' IF ™ RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
index. I Horn*, age. weight. bi.\ ■V 4; •Vi *4 Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' o BeUln f;j
i up. cj.
1164 Doubtful, 3, 97 4 4 1 4 3 1 In Butler. 4 9^2
1160 : Red Pike, 3 93 1 21 21 21 2Vi - Frawley 4- : ■ 5
1164 Jerome S, a .112 8 ........ 8 6 6 3 1 C.Weber. 15 25
1163 {Governor Budd, 397 6 |U 3% 4h 4 1 Rowan 1 6-2 7-2
1143 O'FJeta.4 107 2 64 7 7 6 1 Bergen .'" 6 7-2
11.M Lucille, 3 96 9 6h 6 5V* 6 2 Pigsott 4 3
323 Prf-nmle, 3 05 3 12 11 In 75 Brown ....'. 30 60
Donna Carlotta.3.lol 6 9 9 9 8 1 Martin. 15 j{l
494 1 May Jones, 3 107 7 7 8 8 9 Fell '.'.....'.'. 100 100
startinp-gftte used.
Won driving.
Winner, H. Ezell's cli. g., by Doubi-Xatchitoches. Time, 1:17)4
1179.
bIXTH RACK —^ix furlongs: selling; ihree-y ear-olds and upward; conditions; purse $400.
I
Index.' Horse, age, weight. St. Vi
y»
I
3 A
Btr.
I
Fin.
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
—--—]-
1137 Duke Stevens, a. .112 2
SO2 Skalknbo, 3 95 3
1149 Verdette, 4 Kl9 4
1149 Masoero, 3 Bfil 6
1058 I Tube Hose, a 104 7
678 Magpie, 4 107 9
1132 Tyro, 6 110! 10
1107 I ('apt. spencer, a..lOt>; 11
1149 iMiuuio. 3 105 M
The Sheriff, 3.... 92 5
1149 Cadenza, 3 91 1
1189 >oda Cracker. 6.. 109 12
1149 I Flammifer, 3 95 left
22 11
4 4
6 1 5
3 Y ah '-' h
7 Va 6
ID 9
8 7
11 8
9 11
6Va 10
In 3 Vi
11 12
IMi C. Weber........ 6
26 Brown 15
3n' Wi11iam5........ «
4 1 Shepara . 8
5 1 Rowan 15
62 Jenkins. 50
7 1 Carrol! 10
8 2 5ueigeL.. ....... 30
9 {Snider 8
10 iB-Hler. 20
11 Johnson 2
12 Narvaez .... 100
Pizgost I S '
6
20
4
19
20
100
6
40
5
30
5
150
6
I
Starting-gate used. Won driving.
Time, 1:16.
Winner, O. Applt
iy'« eh. h., by Duke of JVorfolk-Kcina K.
1180.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; thrte-year-olda and v pward; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight, ht. 14 Va % Str. Fin. Jockeys. Pttfßfc
1144 summertimes... 97: 3 2Vi SVa 3 3 12 pieeott i oT~
(1167) Tonno.a 107 1 1J 1 if n 21 SWeTds. i
1164 Til..rius.3 93 4 41 4h 61 3Vi Butl.r 1* oO
1165 WaH.rJ,3 10018 B i«, 62 41 4h BOnn !•" 16
1167 Mobnlasca,3 95 6 3Vi 31 2h 62 Wells 5 0
1151 Catcli 'Km, 5 107; 2 71 72 62 62 S-iidcr 75 in s
(1165) Red Glenn, 6 107 6 8 8 8 76 coady 4 8
|Coda,3 91| 7 5y 3 63 71 8 | Jfltaoi^",'. '..''. \n 15°
Tim S e U"lsU "l 5y gate "'^ WW ° D ** aily ' Wlnner - £1 Primero stable's b. f., by Fitrjames-Sprlngiike o
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
the conclusion of the day's sport. His
place was taken by Joseph J. Burke, who
will probably officiate in that capacity at
the next Ingleside meeting.
ROUND THEIR CAMPFIRE
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of the
Loyal Legion Cele
brated.
General S. B. M. Young Elected Com
mander to Succeed Major
W. B. Hooper.
The annual meeting of the California
Commandery of the Loyal Legion was held
at the Occidental Hotel last evening and
the following officers for the ensuing year
were elected:
Commander— Brevet Brigadier-General Sam
uel Baldwin Marks Young, United States
Volunteers, lieutenant-colonel Fourth United
State") Cavalry.
Senior vice-commander— Paymaster Henry
T. Skelllng, United States Volunteers.
Junior vice-cojjimander— Captain John C.
Carrier, United* States Volunteers.
Recorder— Lieutenant-Colonel William R.
Smedberg, United States army.
Registrar— Captain Charles A. Sumner,
United States Volunteers.
Treasurer— Captain C Mason Kinne, United
States Volunteers.
CbAtic-.'llor— Pay Inspector Edward Bellows,
United States navy.
Chaplain— Rev. Henry C. Minton.
Council— Major E. A. Dcnicke, Lieutenant- 1
Colonel George Stone, Major \V. B. Hooper
Colonel v» iliiam R. Parnell and Major Stephen !
W. Groesbeck.
The following candidates for member
ship were elected:
Adolph Wood, One Hundred and Thirty- i
seventh Ohio Infantry; (jeorsje C. Hagnman, I
Fortv-flrst Now York Infantry; George C. '
do Reamer, acting second assistant engineer 1
United States navy, and William Channinjr
Gibbs.
Directly after the adjournment of the
annual meeting tne Companions of the
Legion, escortine ladies, assembled in the
main dining-room of the hotel and there
celebrated the twenty-filth anniversary of
the Commandery of California.
Major W. B. Hooper, the retiring com
mander, relinquished command in a grace
ful speech. The newly elected com
mander, General S. B. M. Young, being at
Sequoia National Park with the Fourth
United States Cavairv, the duty of re
sponding to Major Hooper devolved on
Paymaster Skelding of the nayj r .
The subject of the evening was "Mem
ories of the Past," and the chief speakers
were General P. F. Walsh, Captain C. A.
Sumner, Colonel W. R. Smedberg and
Timothy Guy Phelps.
The banquet hall and reception-rooms of
the Occidental Hotel were appropriately
festooned with Hags and streamers in
honor of the anniversary event. The
pleasure of the evening was enhanced by
eloquent music. In the record of annual
assembles the recorder notes the exact
time that the band plays "We Won't Go
Home Till Morning," and the record is
preserved in the archives of the com
mandery.
Wanted at Collit.
FRESNO, Cal., May 13.— Joe Kelly, a
tramp, was brougiit in from Collis to-day
and lodged in jail on a charge of assault.
He was trying to steal a ride on a passen
ger train and was put off by the conductor.
Picking up a rock Kelly fired it at the
trainman, who was standing on the plat
form. The train was pulling out from
Collis, and instead of hitting the conductor
the rock went through the car window and
struck a lady. The glass also cut her face
badly.
_NEWjro.DAT.
Farmer Johnson has been
' buying clothing of us for him-
BJ^SBBEH^i|pS^i^B self and boys the past year, and
TOBt|ipBllß^^i|^o^^^o is joyously counting up what he
SQ^^^^^^J^^^^^^wS^^a has saved over what it cost him
ijW • * ast y ear » buying from the retail
■ fj\ NX' -. tK^l&lll stores - The result is the folks
H '- J\ . . &iii*llili are all going to the seashore for
Hk, ' Farmers and country people
|||%k I i iß^ "^jMßEi^Pi fever y w here can buy of us by
gSSrateg^l J^^C&SSSSsßffiim mail, and get better goods for
BffißJMSnf^^v^BS^^^if^^ffl lfrfs money than anywhere else
B§jflf|iJ»/\ tß'^^VijS^ This week we are showing a
{^^^J^jf/W^ considered is the best bargain
fKjSHP ' 1 of the season. It's all wool,
/ 9Kiv * comes in checks and plaids,
i ' jiw/wIK * beautiful patterns in the latest
•iW^aßr V 'A ' Round -corner Sacks,- cut- on
;':■ ij^js^SJis collbian
; imi\«v * ' < SsjfeS^ \ ***"* 1 1( 1 1 1 1 VI \\ Id vi
\, >|. . 522K4£>y ~ - vUUUIfID Ixlll
"i// . ■■ — -■■■ ' /
gfec Hamsfi^. WOOLEN MILLS,
- MARKET 54 I STREET.
i ■ Only Branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery street.
'■■■'"' ' ° Avoid concerns using a similar name.
NOTHING TOO
GOOD FOR THEM,
Republican Delegation Will
Travel Like Railway-
Magnates.
IN ITS SPECIAL TRAIN.
Californians to Leave June n
for St. Louis With a Grand
Hurrah.
STRAW HATS, SUMMER SUITS.
Elaborate Arrangements} for the
Transportation and Accommoda
tion of Delegates.
The California delegation to the Repub
lican National Convention in St. Louis
will have good reason for mutual con
gratulations on the arrangements for the
journey. Every man in the delegation
will be made as happy and as comfortable
as a traveler may hope to be, and it is
highly probable, too, that ne will feel
proud of how California shall compare
with other States. He will have a dis
tinctive summer dress, a badge topical of
the Golden State, a cane cut from an
orange grove and his full share of comfort
and pleasure
So much has been settled by the commit
tee on transportation and management at
a meeting held in the Union League Club
roams. The committee consists of John
D. Spreckels, Daniel T. Cole and O. A.
Hale, and it was appointed at a meeting of
the delegates at Sacramento.
When it met in the Union League Club
John D. Spreckels was elected chairman.
It was decided then to leave San Fran
cisco June 11, at 10 a. m., for St. Louis,
which city will be reached the following
Monday at 9:30 a. m. The route selected
is over the Central Pacific, Denver and Rio
Grande and the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy lines. A special train comprising
three sleepers, a dining-car and a compos
ite car, with baggage compartment, barber
shop, reading-room and smoking-room,
will carry the delegation to and from the
convention city. Arrangements were
made to have the cars decorated in appro
priate style.
Messrs. Spreckels and Cole were ap
pointed a sub-committee to secure the
necessary badges for the delegates. These
badges will be of a design typifying Cali
fornia and, of course, the Republican party.
The committee concluded that all dele
gates should wear white straw hats with
broad brims, black alpaca coats, white
vests and neckties, and russet shoes.
A. B. Lemmon of Santa Rosa, secretary
i of the delegation, has oftered to supply
canes of orangewood, as a characteristic
emblem of California, for the delegates to
carry into the West— or, according to a
Californian view, the East.
An invitation will be sent to the Nevada
delegation to join the train en route and
proceed with it to St. Louis. If the Ne
vada neighbors conclude to accept the in
vitation a special car, reserved for them,
will be hitched to the train at Oakland for
their exclusive use and benefit.
Partial arrangements have been made
for the delegation's accommodations in St.
Louis, but it was found that additional
rooms would be needed, and Mr. Coie was
instructed to communicate with the Tippe
canoe Club of that city to secure them.
The headquarters of the California dele
gation -will be in the Southern Hotel.
The special train is intended .to accom
modate the delegates, alternates and their
wives. As room will necessarily be limited,
it is requested by the committee that
alternates and toeir families wno intend
to go communicate at once with Mr. Lem
mon of Santa Rosa, giving full particulars
of number of tickets wanted and extent of
accommodations desired in St. Louis.
End of a Smallpox Scare.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 13.— Dr.
R. B. Winchester, who to-day returned
irom Sacramento, whither he was sent as
a delegate to the Republican Convention,
has made a thorough examination of the
alleged smallpox patient taken captive by
the authorities in his absence, and com
pletely punctured a sensation by pro
nouncing the case a clearly defined one of
chicken-pox.
Is your head hot?
bo your hands tremble?
Do your knees knock — shaky T
13 your spine weak?
Do hot and cold flashes
go up and down your back?
FOR THE REASON
That you are suffering from a
nervous affection commonly
called Neurasthenia or Sper-
matorrhoea. When you are
in this condition
YOU
NEED
HUDYAN.
If you notice that •
Your eyes are not bright, .
Your cheeks are wan and
sallow,
Your gait uneven, unsteady,
Your blood thin and watery,
There is a ropy sediment in
the water that flows from
the body,
Then you know you must have the Great
7
Because Hudyan is the one great remedio-
treatment, is the all-powerful remedy for
men. It is the great treatment remedy
that has brought the Hudson Medical In-
stitute to the fore front. It does its work
and does it well.
SEND
• FOR
HUDYAN
CIRCULAR
FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Bad blood, impure blood, tainted blood
and blood disease in the
FIRST,
SECONDARY
And
TERTIARY
State should be attended to by you at once.
Blood circulars will tell you what to do.
Send for •
■ BLOOD :
: circular :
: free. :
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
jgS^f once for a bock
jis?3 that explains how
> < v _/v. , full manly vigor
I-» -w~3t^s * 9 ea6^y» quickly
iVJry < 3*V and permanently
IV restored. No man
rr^^K—rSfr'tX&hiL suffering from
/ / . \\lj7 1 7/5/7* weakness can af-
(s^^isZZ'J /AS* 9 rd to ignore this
VV^^JX 'lit A timely advice.
SS^zzX Book tells how
*^T r ~2 r^^^^wfull strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO,N.Y.
"bazaar*
SPECIAL SALE
OS*
GARDEN HOSE!
In Remnants of .15 to 5O Feet, .
Worth Regularly 15c per Foot.
Ig)l_<2/ I - 0p
O V^,-/ 111 '
EVERY PIECE GUARANTEED.
SEND IN YOUR ORDERS.
Note— Goods delivered free of chance In Sans*-
llto, Blithedale, Mill Valley, Tlburon, San Rafael,
Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, San Lorenzo,
Molrose, San Leaudro. Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley.
The puro essential extract from the native drug. 'Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium -
without Us noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach ,
»° ;no costiveness ; no headache. All Dru^xisU,
■■---;■
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDCIE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 8.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.80
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. " .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Vxekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polnjt to the country on a vacation ? If
10, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Butlneas Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTIU CHAKGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
phone Main- 1 868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
713 I.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
tw. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opeu
intll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
110 Mmli street; open until 9 o'cloclc
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms 81 and 82, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Aeent-
THURSDAY MAY 14, 1896
THE: CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Santa Monica job has been scotched,
but It isn't dead yet.
Chicago will have to advertise her con
vention to make it draw.
It is worth noting that no one treats Pop
ulism as a joke any more.
A week's festival not only sets the blood
into circulation but money also.
The fiesta acitation has become a move
ment that will get there if we push it
along.
About the time spring gets its ethereal
mildness out of doors in the East a cyclone
runs over it.
If greater New York needs any licking
into shape Chicago stands waiting and
willing to do it.
Whenever Democracy finds what it
thinks a good place for a hedge it runs into
a barbed-wire fence.
The nomination at St. Louis will not be
made swiftly, but once made it will sweep
ibe country like wildfire.
California Democracy has become a
purely local issue. The leaders of it won't
even talk of National affairs.
It is more than a month since Congress
passed the Cuban resolutions, and Cleve
land hasn't resolved yet what to do with
them.
Any Democratic newspaper wishing a
live mystery story can get one by asking
Cleveland if he is a candidate for renomi
nation.
It would have been big money in the
pocket of this country if we had hired a
substitute for Grover when he was first
elected.
All Republican clubs should keep their
doors open for converts as they will soon
be coming in thick and fast all over the
country.
The course taken by the Sacramento
convention may win no offices lor the Pop
ulists in this campaign, but it is s»re to
win them converts.
Boston is bo exultant over having ex
pended $13,000,000 for parks, it seems
worth while to imitate the example just
to have the feeling.
If wo are to have a season of revelry in
San Francisco we should aim to niaKe it
the gayest in the Nation and give it a
world-wide reputation.
The paragrapher of the Boston Herald
says the McKinley boom has become Han
namated and now we know the nature of
a mugwump roorback.
In booming Russeil as the "boy candi
date' 1 for the Presidency the Massachusetts
Democracy overlooks the fact that he will
be a pretty old man before he ever gets
there.
In trying to make a choice between Pat
tison and Russell as a Presidential candi
date the average Democrat would rather
have a man who can run better than either
of them.
The Democrat who wishes to combine
with the Populists this year must take off
his party coat and hia Cleveland badge
and join the procession in the middle of
the road.
Now that the Populists have agreed with
Republicans to make a straight fi^ht and
get the true sense of the people there is
nothing left for Democrats but to take to
the woods.
«■
Two things at least have been learned
by the Democratic organs in the la« two
years— one is to talk no more about free
trade and the other is to quit calling the
Populists hayst-eds.
Democracy is to have another chance for
a Presidential candidate, as the friends of
Joe Blackburn have resolved to put him
into the race for the purpose of crowding
Carlisle against the fence.
If it was the arrival of Secretary Morton
that prompted the weather bureau man to
turn on our normal weather again we are
doubly glad he came, and will be glad to
have him stay with us until the season is
over and the grape crop picked.
President Kruger is said to be sufficient
of a speculator to have made $2,000,U00 out
of the Transvaal gold excitement in the
last eight years, and yet so thrifty that he
gouged an aching tooth out of Ms jaw
with a jackknife rather than pay a dentist
bill. ______
Secretary Morton was right in saying
"the Government cannot create values
any more than it can create human bouls,' '
but he must remember it can depress
values and harass human souls and the
Cleveland administration has been doing
both.
That the Cleveland civil service order
should please the Buckley gang shows
how completely local Democracy has got
itself mixed up with itself, 6tood on its
head, turned inside out and reduced to
purh imbecility it doesn't know whether
it is a tiger or a lamb. ■
THE POPULIST CONVENTION.
The actions of tne Populist Convention
which will have most effect upon practical
politics in this campaign, and therefore are
of most interest to the general public, are
the indorsement of T. V. Cator for United
States Senator and the adoption of a plank
iv the platform favoring a union of reform
forces at St. Louis, providing it can be
beneficially effected without the sacrifice
of the People's party.
Their actions are of interest, because
they affect the question whether we are to
have what is called straight politics in this
campaign, or a contest in which Republi
cans will be opposed by any kind and
every kind of a combination which politi
cal bosses and tricksters can arrange to
deceive the unwary portion of the j>eople.
What has been .lone at Sacramento has
been distinctly favorable to honest poli
tics. There has been an evident pur
pose in the convention to set the princi
ples of the party abuve the spoils of office,
and the two particular actions we have
noted seem to make it clear that no com
bination will be made that involves any
compromise of the measures to which the
party has pledged itself and is so earn
estly devoted.
The clause in the platform relating to
the proposed union with reform forces at
St. Louis is eubject, of course, to the re
vision of the National Convention. The
party in no State can bind the action of
the party or the Nation. It will be for the
majority that assembles at St. .Louis to
decide how far a union with the silver
men and reform forces can be carried with
out sacrifice to Populism. It is clear, how
ever, from the passage of this plank that
the Populists of this State are opposed to
fusion on National issues and it is reason
able to assume they will be equally op
posed to any kind of surrender of princi
ples for the sake of men in State affairs.
There can be no question that the stead
fast loyalty of the Populists to their own
party, their own principles and their own
men will be of advantage to them in a
partisan sense. It will keep their organ
ization intact, strengthen the discipline in
the ranks and enable them to poll the full
vote oi their earnest and stalwart mem
bers. In a broader sense, however, it will
benefit the whole people. It will present
the issues of the day to the public in a way
in which they can be dealt with intelli
gently and decisively. The voter will
have the choice of three tickets to choose
from. He may, on the tariff, vote for Re
publicanism and protection, for Democracy
and free trade or for Populism and a Gov
ernmental tariff commission. On the
money question he can vote with the Re
publicans for bimetallism, with the Podu
lisls for an extreme free-silver and paper
money policy, or with the Democrats with
a goldbug or a straddle policy, accordi^
as the Chicago convention may declare.
Taken altogether, what has been done at
Sacramento weli deserves the commenda
tion of good citizens whether they are Pop
ulists or not. It has not been dominated or
even influenced by cranks. Much that is
demanded in the platform is out of the
reach of practical politics in this campaign,
but all vital issues have been dealt with
conservatively and well. The Populists
ire in error in our judgment la separating
it this time from the great party of protec
tion and prosperity, but having done so
Lbey are certainly to be coneratulated on
their sagacity in avoiding the party of
tree trade, Clevelandism and Wall street.
MONOPOLY BAFFLED.
If the conclusion of the Senate in regard
to the Santa Monica job does not give a
decisive victory to the people of Los An
geles and indirectly to all California, it
does at any rate baffle for a time the
schemes of the monopoly and give promise
of their ultimate defeat. In this result
the people will find no tittle satisfaction
and will return with renewed courage to
the greater battle of defeating the funding
scheme.
The contest over the Santa Monica job
may be fairly considered a skimish which
enables us to estimate the strength of the
Congressional lobby of the Southern Pa
cific Company. The fight was not made
of course with all the force that will be
employed to pass the funding bill when
the time comes for that venture to be
made. Nevertheless the votes favorable
to the monopoly were undoubtedly made
use of to their full extent to defeat the de
sire of Los Angeles to have a free harbor
at San Pedro, and as the scheme to do this
was baffled both in the House and in the
Senate there seems good reason to believe
that the funding bill would be defeated if
it were brought forward at this session.
The argument in the Senate on the
Santa Monica job was curious. After it
had been pointed out by Senator White
that two Government commissions had
reported in favor of San Pedro against
Santa Monica, that the people of Los An
geles favored San Pedro, and all the Rep
resentatives in Congress from California
took the same side, Senator Frye, for sole
answer to all this, pronounced a strong
eulogiura upon Huntington and arcueu
that because he is so great and good the
Government should ignore the people,
the nature of the coast and the welfare of
trade and make a harbor at the point where
Huntington had erected a wharf.
Against Frye's impassioned argument
and appeal Senator Perkins opposed the
coolly convincing statement that no les*
than sixteen wharves have been con
structed at exposed points along the Cali
fornia coast and that one is M much en
titled as another tc have the Government
construct a harbor around it. This posi
tion was unassailable, an<l the advocates
of the Huntington scheme were forced to
a compromise. The settlement of the
matter is to be left to a Government com
mission, and to that extent Los Angeles
has gained a victory for herself and the
State. The prestige of the monopoly has
thus been broken, and even the most
timid will no loncer regard it as some
thing too powerlui to tight in a good
cause.
SAVING WASTED GOLD.
John E. Edman, M.E., of Meadow Val
ley, this State, has issued a highly suc
gestive little pamphlet entitled "Studies
in Placer Mining in California." It goes
to the subject of the loss of gold in hy
draulic mining, the amount of gold con
tained in hydraulic tailings and methods
for recovering it, and also that contained
in beach sand. He points out that the
great error in hydraulic mining has been
the attention paid to mechanical appliances
for the rapid handlin; of large quantities
of material instead of careful inquiry into
the amount of loss or the possibility of
preventing it. Taking into account the
objections to hydraulic mining on the
tremendous scale of a few years ago, his
suggestions are specially valuable.
Starting out with the assertion that this
waste gold can be economically recovered
from the tailings, he deciares that the gold
remaining in the tailings runs from 10
cents to $1 a cubic yard, and averages over
50 cents, and that they can be worked for
15 cents a cubic yard. More than that,
double the usual amount can be taken
from original workings and the waste
product stored in dams more safely than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
at present. Mr. Edman gives an outline
of his system, from which it appears that
the idea of reducing the gravel by screen
ings and siftings to a definite specific grav
ity and the extraction of the metal in part
by mechanical and in part by chemical
agencies is the leading principle.
Whatever may be the merits of Mr. Ed
nian's system, he is indubitably right in
his original declaration that half the gold
is lost by present methods, and that tne
next direction which intelligent investiga
tion should take is to recover a larger per
centage of gold from new workings, and to
work over the tailings of old mines. As
the author says, an immense field is
opened by this new branch of the mining
Industry, a:ui large profits await those who
first enter the field with experience, skill,
energy and capital.
LABOR AND PROTECTION.
No one is more interested in the tariff
juestion than the skilled workman. His
knowledge of his trade is his capital.
It is to him what invested dollars are
;o his employers, and he is prosper
ous in ratio to the income he has op
portunity to secure. If the knowledge of
:he intricacies of his trade, which he spent
i long apprenticeship to acquire, is to have
i value to him he most have a demand for
t that is not only compensatory, but is
:ontinu«ms. If his capital, which is his
skill, is idle be receives no income from it,
whether it be enforced or voluntary ldle
iess.
Idleness that is enforced by economic
md trade conditions that are the fruit of
events for which t lie country is blameless,
nich as crop failure, a disease epidemic,
ar war that is forced upon the Nation, is
ittended by financial loss, but the basic
principle of labor valuation is not dis
turbed. It is merely a suspension of de
mand for the time. Tiie capital of the
workingman is in no wise impaired. Thnt
is to say, its earning opportunity has been
temporarily lessened, but its value as the
basis for income is not depreciated perma
nently.
But if the workingman's general govern
ment permits opportunity for the employ
ment of his skill to be not only lessened
by an outside competitor, but the rate of
rumpensation for its use lowered, the de
preciation In the value of his knowledge of
liis trade is made permanent, which in
turn obliges him to adjust his method of !
living to a very much lower basis of ex
penditure. He is a stupid workingman
who cannot see that such conditions would |
force him to conform to a very much j
lower standard of living than would war
or pestilence or famine. The workingman
finds pleasure in the employment of his (
skill when he receives enough for it to i
stimulate him to independence of thought, !
tor it is independence of thought that
makes manly men, and the better opinion
ane has of himself the further he is re
moved trom the position and requirements
ot a mere cog in the wheel of social and
business life.
It certainly *ollows, therefore, that our
skilled workingmen, and unskilled, too,
should take a lively personal interest in
the approaching campaign for political
supremacy in the couutry. Upon the out
come of tlie November election depends
much. The Democratic party's theory of
government is that the labor markets of
the world should be open and free, ana
that in the strife for employment it should
be the survival of those who bid the low
est. The Republican party's theory of
government is that the American labor
market should not only be protected
against foreign invasion, but that the
product of American labor should be pro
tected against the competition of coun
tries that debase labor by keeping their
wage schedules at a point where it be
comes impossible f^r working people to
foster that independence of spirit which
inspires a man to strive to own his
home. In a large degree if not altogether
the question of whether this country shall
or shall not protect our working people is
for our working people themselves to de
termine.
A DANGEROUS NUISANCE.
The Baden (ban Mateo County) Enter- \
■pr'ite mils attention to a condition of I
affairs :hat should give grave concern to |
the San Francisco Board of Health, j
Through the intelligent and energetic
•ffolta of this body, the City for some time •
has been undergoing a thorough overhaul- !
inj?, and many exceedingly valuable re- !
forms have been instituted. But it cannot ■
operate beyond its jurisdiction. Accord- •
ing to our Baden contemporary, some of <
the dangerous nuisances which have been \
suppressed in San Francisco have been
moved across the line into Pan Mateo
County, where they are beyond the reach |
of the San Francisco authorities.
"These concerns," says the Enterprise, !
"pick up wornout worthless animals, at
the trifling cost of a dollar or two per !
head, and, in many instances, without ;
cost, which they slaughter, selling such
portions of the tiesh as they find a market
In to chicken and hog ranches, the bones J
to bane-dealers, the remainder being manu- ;
factured into fertilizers, which have a com- '
mercial value and find ready sale."
Our contemporary does not intimate
that any of this flesh is offered for sale in
the markets of San Francisco for human
consuniption, as that would be unlikely in |
view of the stringent market inspection in
vogue here. Still the mere fact that such
meat is for sale creates a danger which '
even the most painstaking inspection
might find it impossible to suppress.
Aside from that, however, our cxi hange
shows that the business is specially con
ducive to the dissemination of infectious
diseases among animals fed with tliib
flesh. The assumption is perfectly ra
tional. Of course, San Francisco is the
market for this entire product. It is next
to impossible to establish a system of in
spection that shall protect the people from
the danger which this business represents.
The only remedy open in to secure the!
co-operation of the San Mateo Board of !
Supervisors. The Enterprise asserts that I
the proprietor of one of these establish- j
ments has applied to that body for the
contract to remove all the animals found
dead on the Highways of that county. As
the factory is situated in the extreme
northern end of the county it will be im
possible to remove dead animals through
out the county beiore putrefaction has
made them noxious. It is difficult to
imagine the Supervisors granting any
such contract; but that should not pre
veat our health officers from taking
prompt steps in the premises. Such a
contract would legalize a dangerous indus
try and San Francisco wduld be the main
sufferer.
WILL RAISE POLITICS.
Placer Argus.
The San Francisco Call comes out flat-footed
for woman suffrage, and will fight on that line
to a finish. We congratulate the women of
the State that they have secured such an able
champion. We also notice that the Examiner
is giving liberal room to Uie subject, and is at
least treating it fairly in its editorials. The
Berkeley Gazette is making a good fight for
the suffrage nmeudment in that locality, and
ne toiicratulaie ourselves in being placed in
such excellent company on this question.
.iive the women their half of the world, and
our word for it they will raise the politics of
(he couutry to a higher plane.
PERSONAL.
G. Vincent, a business man of Papeete, is at
the Occideutal.
C'alvert Wilson, an attorney of Los Angeles,
is on a visit here.
Dr. 11. m. Bishop of Los Angeles was among
yesterday's arrivals.
Deputy District Attorney Mark Walser has
returned home to Fresno.
Dr. Henry Meyer has returned from a trip in
the southern part of the State.
Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding arrived here
yesterday. He is at the Grand.
R. A.Thompson, editor and one of the owners
3f the Santa Rosa Democrat, is in town.
G. P. Dodge of New York, a nephew of
Wiiliam Walter Phelps, is on a visit here.
John D. Spreckels and Samuel M. Shortridge
bave gone to San Diego on a business trip.
T. J. Henderson, ex-Judge of Court of Ses
lions of New York, ie at the Cosmopolitan.
Edward E. Leake, the newspaper man of
Woodland, is among recent arrivals at the
jrand.
Thomas Ason Burke, an extensive mine
nvner of Tuolumne County, is staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
S. Mono and R. Nakayama of Japan, exten
iiyc business men, who are here on important
nissions, are among those registered at the
Accidental.
Samuel Jackson, the well-known attorney, of
rresno, who has been in the City for several
lays on legal and mining business, left for
lome last evening.
H. C. Carney, p. E. Corbett and J. W. Fair
le'dof Butte, Mont., who have been visiting
fahiti for some time past, arrived here jcbtcr
lay and are at the Palace.
W. H. Purcell, the most extensive publisher
n thu East, who has houses at Hongkong,
k'okohama, Calcutta and elsewhere, is hero on
lis way to New York and other cities.
Colonel J. Bridges of the English army, an
)ld friend of General Phil Sheridan and who
.isited California in ISU9, is at the Occidental,
iie has been in the Orient for some time past.
J. L. Robinette of Sacramento, editor of tho
California Odd Fellow, is in the City attending
:he Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows. Mr. Robln
stte Is a candidate for the position of grand
warden of the Grand Lodge.
Among the passengers on the Australia to
Honolulu was Yuen Chone of Canton, son of
he Chinaman who furnished all the Chinese
abor for the Central Pacific and Canadian Pa-
Slfle railroads. He has a large sugar planta
:ion near Honolulu.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N\ V., May 13.— At the Cosmo
politan, C. Baron; Alberiuarle— ilrs. J. C.
flood, Miss Flood; Hoffman— F. A. Hartman;
Imperial— l. Jacoborsis; Grand Union— W. 11.
MoCormiek; Murray Hill— R. I. Thomas; Astor
[louse— C. K. Trevathan; Belvidere— Mr. Mc-
Mullen; Everett— Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Vaulet;
S'ormandie— The Misses Oxhard. Arrived per
steamship Saale from Bremen— John D. Nipper,
bailed per steamship Normannia for Cher
bourg. Plymouth and Hamburg— Albert A.
F.hrhardt, Lewis Heinburg, Mrs. McMullen,
Mrs. William Michehsen aud baby, W. Win
terhalter.
NEW RAYS.
Will men 111 say the light is good
When nothing lies from It concealed:
When, thrown on living flesh and blood,
It shows a skeleton revealed?
We aye have loved the softened fay«
Which will not let us see too much,
But wrap, as in a kindly haze, .
The things that ehrink from human touch. ■
We hide our skeletons away :..~ . -
When they have played their living part,
And shut them from the light of day
Within the twilight of the heart.
And all the wrongs that shock and shame
Our tender feeling or our pride —
The sullied honor, taruUhed name-
In dim <orgetfulnes3 we hide. ■
But now we dread lest some fierce beam
More strong than our resistance prove,
And make us look where. only seem .
Unlovely relics of our love.
And .vet, It may be, we were wise I
To welcome each new ray of light
And fine with frank, courageous eyes
What now we bury out of sight.
Tis not, perchance, true self-control,
Nor any part of charity.
To shut the windows of the soul
'Ualnst all we do not choose to see.
New light which shines on earth may tell
How brighter rays which shine above
Can touch, lie lowest depths of hell.
el touch with tender tints of love. ■ •
• '• —Chambers' Journal.
IN PERFECT ACCORD.
San Diego Union.
The outcome of the . Sacramento convention
will have the effect to unite the Republicans of
California. Lack of harmony, it is true, has
never been a characteristic of the party in this
State, but it is especially desirable, owing to
the vital importance of the coming election,
that there should be perfect accord among
California Republicans. This result has been
attained by the convention.
There will always be honest differences
among the members of every party. But op
posing views on matters of policy need not be
come dissensions and need not be so regarded.
And now that the Sacramento convention is a
thing of the past its outcome indicates that
whatever divergence of opinion there may
have been there was no dissension and will be
none. In spite ot some spirited passages, the
general sentiment was one of conciliation.
Upon one point only was there any.substan
tial difference of views, and this was on the
question of pledging the delegates to St. Louis.
While the sentiment |of a great majority of
members of ihe. convention was strongly in fa
vor of instructing for McKinley there were
some who believed that it would be wiser to
send untrammeled representatives. This was
the view taken by one or two delegations from
San Francisco, but they wero greatly in the
minority.
Yet their leader, Mr. Spreckels, was chosen a
deleeate-at-large, and it is a notable fact that
although the opinion which he was known to
entertain in regard to pledging was opposed to
that of the majority, he received the largest
vote of any of the six candidates for hi. Louis.
This was an incident thai spoke well for the
harmonizing influences that were at work in
the convention, a' d it was very agreeably sup
plemented by Mr Sprockets' straightforward,
manly words expressing his acquiescence in
the will of the majority.
It is gratifying to recall these incidents, es
pecially in view of the acerbity which some
hotheaded partisans sought to inject into the
controversy before the convention met. The
outcome Is as pleasing to the entiie party as it
is disappointing to the party's opponent*, who
fancied they «aw in tho*e preliminary skir
mishes on the tiuestion of instructions the en
tering wedge of serious dissensions in the Re
publicau ranks.
THE MOST VOTES.
Mock ton Graphic.
John D. Bpreoktrls' straightforward, square
toed, free and aboveboard manner of doing
thing* po'.itical has been heurd from, and will
be heard irum again. He received the highest
number of votes given for delegates, towering
ov^r (.it-orge A. Knight, the next highest, by
75 votes. 'Ihis means clean-handed Republi
can politics— the people have said it. Here is
the vote: Johu D. Spreckels 565, George A.
Knight 41)0, both of San Francisco; U. 8. Grant,
?an Diego, 481; L. A. Sheldon. Los Angeles,
398: J. M. G leaves, Shasta, 214; James A.
Louttit, Siorku.n. 173. The first four were
?lecttd. Alternates were elected as follows:
D. E. Kniclit, Marysville; Gleaves. Louttit tind
Ueorg.; Btone. San Francisco. C. l\ Cr >cker
md Irvir.p M. Scott were nominated for Pre.-i
-ientUl elector* at large. T. Lynch, San Ber
nardino, was nominated for Lieutenant-Gov
srnor. John D. Pprecke Is, addressing the con
kvnuon, said: "I know what instiuetions have
t>een given to the delegates, and I will carry
>ut the wishes of the people of California."
HONESTY AT THE HELM.
Stockton Graphic,
Every honest Republican in the State of Cal
ifornia is rejoicing and congratulating him
self, his party and the new brilliant leader,
lohn D. fcfpreckels. Such a political victory
aas not taken place in years, if it ever did, in
;hiß State.
Iv the face of a perfect bulwark of obstruc
;ion, and In spite of the diabolical conniving
md low cunning of men who for years have
aeen steeped in political corruption, Mr.
jpreckels went calmly and methodically to
ivork, as a business man, to weed out the men
ivho had bo long disgraced the State and the
itepubiicau party by their nefarious practices
ilong political lines.
Many warm friends of Mr. Bpreckels had
amgivings us to the outcome. They w<re
earful and afraid at times, but not so with the
man who, like a general, was planning for the
utter routing of vis enemies. He stood like a
bowlder through it all and never yielded or
relaxed one jot nor tittle, and refused to enter
tain anything but a square, honest fight for
n?ht, and he has won and his victory is the
fctßte. s victory and the Republican party's vic
tory. Not a man in the honest wing oi the
Party but delights to do him honor.
The people were not satisfied with one honor,
though a great one indeed, to they made it a
double-header by supplementing the honor of
an election (by the biggest vote cast) as a
delegate at large and uaming him as Cali
fornia g representative on tne Republican
National Committee to succeed M. U. de
louug.
It was a very hard battle to fight, for combi
nations as unscrupulous as unholy were ar
rayed against him, one phalanx after another,
and everything possible was resorted to: cal
umnies cunningly invented, conceived in
slums and born in dark corners, were shot at
mm by hidden foe?, but ull to no purpose.
The political bushwhackers and character as
sassinators met their David and like Goliath
they lost their head.
The work has been so neatly, so thoroughly
none that It brings out a spontaneous burst of
applause for the man who accomplished it. It
snows a master and the masterly hand of a
very shrewd man. The people are with him
md will stay with him, for they have weighed
aim in the balances and he has not been found
wanting.
THE RIGHT MAN.
Stockton Graphic.
An esteemed contemporary announced the
next day after the Republican State Conven
tion that "Spreckels owned the earth and the
fence around it." So be it. It could not be in
better hands and, what Is more, so long as he
is the owner no Rainey-Kelly corruptionist
can climb over or crawl under that fence. The
fact is the honest Republicans are the owners
and they have simply decided to put an hon
est man in charge.
SAVE SILVER.
I'aaadena News.
The San Francisco Call published a cartoon
in Monday's issue that will strike a responsive
chord in the hearts of many good Republicans
just at this time. It aptly illustrates the mone
tary situation in California. On a high pro
montory, safe from all chance of harm, is a
figure labeled "protection." Across a yawning
chasm is the British lion in the actof charging
a second figure labeied "silver." The lixure
stands ready to battio with the oncoming
lion— labeled "British gold." A third figure,
representing the Golden State, stands betwixt
silver and protection, the sword of "Republi
canism" in hand, watchins with great solicita
tion the imminent danger in which silver finds
itself, aud, protection Yeing already safe, she
seems about 'o join the tigure behind the shield
labeled "16 to i" in its battle with the fero
cious beast. Below the whole is the legend,
"Protection is safe. Save silver." The lesson is
a good one, and represents the political bitua
tiou iv California most aptly.
FAIRLY AND SQUARELY.
Kan Diego Vidette.
The San Francisco Call ha& come out fairly
md squarely ior female suffrage. There may
ms method in The Call's madness. Here in
[he way our contemporary reasons it out: "A
journal that represents the thoughts and sen
liments of but one sex— the sterner sex—can
not be said to speak for all the people. As a
matter of fact, it speaks for but halt the com
munity—and not the better half, either."
OUR MINING INTERESTS.
Sonora Union-Democrat.
In its issue of May 5 the San Francisco Call
published a leading editorial from last week's
Democrat on the injustice done this county in
the apportionment of the mineral product of
the State. The Call is the especial champion
of thu mining interests and pays particular
mention to matters connected therewith. It
is receiving a richly deserved support from the
southern mining region.
A TEN STRIKE.
Fresno Populist.
The San Francisco Call has made another
"ten strike" over its contemporaries by its an
nouncement that it favors woman suffrage. It
ivas a master stroke on the part of The Call
and all the more effective because it is right
and timely. ' It pays sometime to do the right
thing, and we believe The Call may find it so
in this instance.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE MONTEREY CELEBRATION.
I lie People of San Francisco Asked to
Join in Making It a Success.
Tn the Editor of the San Francisco Call — Sir:
Your to-oay's editorial, under the above cap-
Lion, inspires me, as general manager of the
UftHfornia jubilee celebration at Monterey
from the 4th to 7th of July next, to ask from
you a little space to deplore and deprecate any
Action on the part of San Francisco that shall
in any way tend to diminish the luster of the
National event we shall then celebrate.
Shakespeare divides men into three classes,
"Some men are born great, some achieve great
ness and some have greatness thrust upon
them."
Monterey has had "greatness thrust upon
her" in this case, and to enable her duly to
sustain the State and the dignity of this gfent
tuition we ask San Francisco to join heartily
with us, and make a demonstration commen
surate with the event.
In thus honoring our State we honor our
selves.
1 trust, therefore, that the managers of the
"Metropolitan fete" will time their fiesta so us
not u> conflict with the State celebration at
Monterey.
Relying on the cordial co-operation of The
Lall and every other journal iv the Stato, 1
mi, sir, yours fraternally.
Edward Berwick.
San Jose, May 13. 19!>6.
COLLARS AND CUFFS.
Two extremely stylish sets of cuffs and col
ars are shown here. Flax-colored or white
men or batiste is generally used. The plain
urn-over sets are generally stiffly starched,
mt the same models are used for sets of flax
:oiored batiste trimmed with lace or cm
iroidery, or for sleeve with lawn or linen, to
M slightly starched. These nre now vorn
,vith dressy waists of silk and wool.
The other set is designed solely for dressy
waists, whether of cotton, silk or wool. The
collar may be worn with a high collar or with
only a band at the neck. The cuffs-look best
on rather short-puffed sleeves, bu4^.re pretty
also with the bishop sleeve.
Narrow insertions of lace or embroidery are
the usual trimming. This may bo sewed on
top of goods, but is much prettier when let in
about half an inch from the edge. A narrow
edge of embroidery or lace to match is set on
the iili?e. Plain hemstitched sets in this shape
are very dainty and easy to make, as both
collar and cuff are cut square.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
His Mamma— You children know more now
adays than they used to in my time, Freddie.
Freddie— That's cor there's more to know,
ma.— Roxbury Gaiette.
Teacher— Suppose, Johnnie, your mother cuts
a pound of meat into eight parts, what will
each purt be?
Johnnie Chaffle— Oae-eighth of a pound.
1 'Correct Now, suppose ihe cuts each eighth
in two, what will each part be then ?"
"One-sixteenth of a pound."
'•Just so. Now, suppose she cuts each six
teenth in six pieces, what will each piece be 7"
"Hash!"
MUSIC&
MUSICIANS
Miss Lillian Anel. a Michigan girl who made |
a brilliant debut in Paris as a pianist last]
month, announces her intention of celebrating
her triumph by spending the summer concert
ing in the West, thcugh it is doubtful
whether her tour will extend to the Pacific
Coast. The young lady, who is only 22 years
of age, is the daughter of Franz A. Apel, di
rector of the Detroit School of Music, and her
first master was her father. Turee years ago
she directed her steps to Leschetizky, of Pad
erewski, Essipoff and Fanny Bloomneld Zies- |
let fame. After three years' study abroad she '
decided to make her debut in Europe, and to
judge from the comments of the French papers
her success in Pans was very marked. Miss
Apel is described as a handsome brunette oi a
winning personality, ana she Is said to be pos-
Eessed of a faculty tor winning the friendship
of every ono with whom stie comes iv contact.
Was Moussorgski one of the greatest geniuses I
of the new Russian school of music, or was he
simdy a misguided poet whose musical works
are without form and void? This is a questiou
that is arousing considerable interest in French
musical circles. Moussorgski's works are only
just beginning to be known in Western Eu
rope, and in this couutry they are practically
unknown. Pierre d'Alheim, after holding a !
series of lectures on the Russian poet-com
poser at the Teatre Mondain, in Paris, has
published a book called "Moussorgski," in
which he retraces the life and works of this I
curious artist. Le Menestrel, criticizing the j
Dook.says: "Moussorgski, like Berlioz, was a j
poet who made use of musical elements to ex- '
press his ideas. His education, however, was i
too incomplete for him to be able to stamp j
upon music the ideas he sought; he could not .
Miss Lillian Apcl, tho Young Michigan Girl Who Has Won Success in Paris at m.
Pianiste.
I Reproduced from the Musical Courier.]
even give form to a simple vocal melody ; his
romances have no rational development, and,
for the most part, they end prematurely, with
out any apparent reason. With all that Mous
sorgski's musical ideas possess a strange
charm, their poetry is often exquisite, and the
dramatic sentiment is of astonishing depth;
he expresses true crises of the soul with an in
tensity sometimes tragic and always touching.
A remarkable artist was this Kussian tone
painter, but incomplete."
La Gazetta Musicale of Milan gives an ac
count of some metallic tubes, shown at the
Eucharistic Kxhibitiou in that city. "These
tubes, constructed |Q England, are destined to
replace church bells. They have been brought
to a high state of perfection, and are made of |
all dimensions and all degrees of sonority. To ;
the excellence of their tone, which rivals that i
of the linest chimes, they join the advantage
of occupying a very limited space. It is easy
to see how well adapted they are to theatrical
use, for they are light to carry, can be placed
in the wings without being in any one's way,
and can even, if necessary, be placed on the
stage, where it is very easy to hide them.
Added to all these advantages, they are much
cheaper than bells, so it is not difficult to pre
dict that they will soon be adopted in all
theaters. It may be added that in Puccini's
new opera, 'La Boheme,' they were used for
church bells with excellent results."
The reparation of the wrongs which the
town of Vienna did Mozart is now complete as
far as post-mortem reparation can ever be
complete. The inauguration of the Mozart
monument, at which the Emperor, the court
and all the principal authorities assisted, was
a splendid affair. The monument represents
Moznrt in an upright attitude, clad in the pic
turesque costume of his period, resting his
hand on his piano. The base is ornamented
with flowers and musical instruments in re
lief, and bears also a charming group of chil
dren. Its simple inscription is "Mozart—
MDCCLVI— MDDXCI." Two reliefs sculptured
in the base represent Moznrt as a child ■
at his harpsichord aud the last scene from
"f>on Juau.'' A sad feature of the inaugura
tion was that the sculptor, Tilgner, who de
signed the monument, died just too soon to Us
present at its inauguration.
A few years ago an interesting little
Beethoven museum was founded at Hciligen
stadt, the suburb of Vienna, where the Bonn
master resided for some time. There were a
number of fine manuscripts in the collection,
which it appears had just been transferred to
the Vienna Museum, where tho relics will be
much butter placed. The home at Bonn,
where Buuthoven was born, and which exist*
as a museum, has been enriched by twelve
autograph letters of the ma-tor, which come
from the archives of the celebrated Brentaiio
family. They cost more than 5000 francs,
which shows the high price which Beethoven
relics bring in the international market.
Meyer-Helmund has just come out with
success as an opera composer, his one-act work,
"Trichka," having made a moat favorabl* im
pression on its recent production at the
Municipal Thpater in Frankfort. The libretto
revives the old legend of the celebrated dancer,
who was engaged by a no less celebrated
brigand to give a gratuitous and compulsory
performance in the middle of a forest. In
" Triehka " Marie Taglioni is made the
heroine of the story. Meyer-Helmund is well
known in this country as the composer of
"The Daily Question," "Of Thee I'm Think
ing, Marguerita," etc.
Count Geza yon Zichy, former intendent of
the royal theaters of Buda-Pesth, has just pro
duced an opera in that city of which he ha«
written both the words and the music. The
first two acts met with some success, but the
last two failed completely. It is believed that
"Alar" will not remain la the repertory of the
Buda-Pesth opera-house, in spite of the mag
nlfleent way in winch the work has been
mounted. The composer is well known as the
one-armed pianist. An accident made it neces
sary to amputate one of his arms, but his ex
ecution with the one hand that remains i 3
simply prodigious.
An account was given last week of the record
of forty-six hours at the piano recently made
at (Juneo by the Italian pianist Camillo Bau
cia. It seems that in accomplishing this feat
he triumphed by one hour over an English
pianist named Bird, who made a record of
forty-tive consecutive hours at the piano. It
is now announced that the two champions will
measure their strength in England to see wnlch
of the two gun furnish a piano recital of fifty
consecutive hours. These musical tests of en
durance are ridiculous and can do nothing to
further art.
The composer Ppiro Samara, who wrote "Le
Martire" and several other operas produced
with success in Italy, has composed an "Olym
pic Hymn," to celebrate the revival of the
Olympic games. Samara is of Greek national,
ity himself and his work has already been in
terpreted with great success by four hundred
singers in Athens.
The condition of Mme. Schumann's health is
said to have improved somewhat. The physi
cians now believe that it -was not an attack of
apoplexy from which sbo was suffering, but
that she was simply seized with syncope, ag
gravated by general debility.
Ethelbert Humperdink, the fortunate com
poser of "Hansel and Gretel," has just termi
nated Incidental inuslc for the celebrated
Spanish drama. "The Judge of Zalamea."
At the Theater An der Wien, in Vienna, a new
opera is about to be produced by Leopold
Kuhn, entitled "The Woman Hunter." The
composer is the musical director of the theater.
On the 9th inst. the Royal Academy of Fine
Arts of Berlin celebrated its two hundredth
anniversary. The event wm marked by tha
first performance of a new oratorio by Max
Bruch, entitled "Moses."
A Nice present for Eastern friends-Town
send's Cal. glace lruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
» — ♦ m — i
Special information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by the Pra«
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. •
Jinks— Would you call Brobson a fool?
Filktns-WfH, hardly; but 1 think he knows
the least on the most subjects ot auv man of
uiy acquaintance. — I'nck.
Take the Northern I> a «i tic to All Points
Kast.
If you are S oln East call at 638 Market street,
San 1 ranctsco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vostlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist car*
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a *Mk. T. K. Statcler. agent.
i For Coughs, Asthma and Throat Disorpkm
us.' •■/;,,•. Bronchial MvaM*." Sold only to
boxes. ' Avoid Imitations. .
Dr. SiKtiK-Hr'n Angostura Blttors, a purevega
la M tonic, makes li.alth and health makes bright,
ro*y cheek* and happiness.
liAPira suffering from nervous afflictions find
quick relief in I'ahkkii'b Oinonr Tonic.
I'auk Huh iulsam aids the halrsrowtn.THURSDAY MAY 14, 1896
I [.ftmuscraeN IS.
cfMl^S^™-" 11 " Strange' Adventures'
oi i>i is s Brown."-
Mm* t'ei ORNIA TBKATKII - PrimroS ' * nd West's
. Columbia TiiiATKR— "Faust." . ■ ' '
OPKKA-HocsK-«The Cross Roads of
1 JVoli OpKRA-Hot'SK.— -Fra Diavulo.'
ORPHEDK-Hlgh-Class Vaudeville.
aiACIJONOCCK TBKATKR (Oaki,<ns)- Hopkins'
Trans-Oceaaic Star Specialty Company. - • - •
*UTRo Goyxar Island- Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot thk Chutes- Dally at Halght street, one
block east of the Park.
Bay District Track— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For ihk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary Kxrursion and Family Picnic
pi the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pane.
Excursion to Russian- RiVER-Sunday, May
El Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Flshlnc,
every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. KKKLER-This day (Thursday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. m.
t ßy J. C\ .MtTHER-Thls day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, at 521 Kearny street, at 11 o'clock.
«, By B Basch— This day (Thursday). Furniture,
etc., at 319-321 Sutler street, at 10:30 o'clock.
. By l H. Bcbd— This day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, at 710 Bush street, at 11 o'clock.
,■£? J RANK W. Buttsrfikld - This day
(Thursday), Groceries, etc., at 112 San Jose
avenue, at 2 o'clock.
_By Scuivas <t Doyle— This day (Thursday),
Horses, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By O'Farrkli, A Co—This day (Thursday),
Heal Estate, at 11 Montgomery st., at 12 o'clock.
By William J. Dingek— Saturday, May 16,
Real Estate, near Dwißlit Way and Telegraph
avenue. Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Eabton & Elbridok.— Tuesday, May 19,
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Shainwald. Bcckbee <fe Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
pomery street, at 12 o'clock. '
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
J. Talbot Clifton has gone home to England
to run for Parliament.
"Fair Thursday ; continued warm weather"—
Forecast Official McAdie.
The Olympic Club will expend $2500 In Im
proving ita bathing department.
William G. Tolend has demanded & jury trial
In his contest of the will of Mary B. Toland.
The death was announced yesterday of
George W. N'agle, the well-known clubman.
Judge Seawell has decided that the four
years' term of office law does not apply to San
Francisco.
There was a private display of posters made
by the art Btudenw at the'Hopkins Institute
yesterday.
The commencement exercises of the class of
'9(5 of the University of California were held
yesterday.
Postmaster Hopkins of Rnonerville has been
iuspended becausu he ot>ened mail addressed
to another man.
Dr. Brown's followers held a prayer-meeting
Inn night in Golden Gate Hall, at which the
ex-pastor presided.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald is about to
make war upon those employers who pay their
laborers in time-checks.
Lillian Ashley's direct examination ended
yesterday morning and Mr. Highton has com
menced to cross-examine.
Judge Hebbard has allowed interest since
June 11, 1892, at 7 per cent per annum in the
Hale <fc Norcroos judgment.
The Roman, Olive, Silverado, Huntsman,
tfol, Duke Stevens ana Summertime were
the winners at Ingleside yesterday.
Coroner Hawkins has received a letter from
one Henderson, in which the writer confesses
to having murdered two Oakland women.
Mrs. Mary Crowley, 812 Jessie street, was
ftrangled Bnd robbed by I" rank Neil on Caro
line street at an early hour yesterday morning.
David M. Reavis, owner of the famous Reavis
ranch in Buue County, died at the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Holt, in this City, last
nipht.
E. P. Cole, who has been suing the Me-
Donough estate for #4500 /or legal services, i
h«s doom awarded judgment by Judge Hebbard j
Captain W'hiielaw has completely stripped •
the sunken Blairmore down to her lower j
masis. The work of reaching her hull will j
now begin.
The Labor Commissioner proposes to test the
right of a railroad company to withhold its
employes' deposit money when the men are
a.gcharged.
Charles Decker and James Cretan, who are
wanted h*re in connection with "the $22,000
forgery on the Nevada Bank, were arrested in
Newark, JJ. J., yesterday.
F. H. Worth, alias the "Black Diamond,"
and Robert Madden, a sailor, were booked at
the City Prison yesterday in connection with
the Sherwood place scandal.
Con Swoeney, an ex-convict who has been
vi< timizing painters, was booked at the City
Prison last night on charges of petty larceny
(second offense) and burglary.
The convict-made pedestal for the bust of
General U. S. Grant, now being set up in the
park, is causing much adverse comment in
local business and industrial circles.
The second day's session of the Grand Lodge
of the L O. O. F. of California and the State as
sembly of the Daughters of Rebekah was
marked by many Important hapx»enings.
Governor Budd has promised the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association to use his
influence to keep Eastern convict-made goods
and supplies out of California State institu
tions.
The California State Homeopathic Medical
Society opened its twentieth annunl session
yesterday In the Msple room of the Palace Ho
tel. Doctors were present from all parts of the
Etate.
The American .ship John A. Briggs arrived
Tuesday evening, 141 days from Baltimore.
Her voyage was remarkably favorable, with
not even a good storm to vary the monotony of
the trip.
Julian Priste was ordered to pay a $10 fine
by Judge Hebbard yesterday ior contempt of
court. He was convicted of advising his client
to avoid the summons of the court in an action
pending.
Improvements in the Potrero, which are
continuously going on, will cause a change in
the location of the Postotece from Butte and
Kentucky streets to Napaand Kentucky on the
Ist of June.
Traffic Manager W. B. Curtis will go to Den
ver to attend a railway conference on Utah
business. The Traffic Association has decided
to fight for that trade and may boycott two
Western roads.
John Dwyer, a laborer employed in the grad
ing of Mariposaand Missouri streets, had both
bones of his left leg broken yesterday by a
large piece of rock rolling down an embank
ment and striking him.
Two hundred property-owners representing
the North End district met in Judge Joachim
pen's courtroom last night to protest against
the action of the Supervisors In delaying work
on the new municipal building.
A double tragedy occurred yesterday in the
house of Marsden Manson, the' well-known en
gineer. Marie Eismann committed suicide by
asphyxiation and 3. A. Chase, Mr. Manson's
iather-in-law, was killed by the fatal fumes.
The California delegation to the Republican
National Convention in St. Louis will leave
I. ere in a special train June 11 at 10 a. m.
lJelegates will wear straw hats, black alpaca
• oats, white vests and ties and russet shoes.
The Transcontinental Passenger Association
met yesterday at the Palace Hotel and ap
pointed a committee on half-iares for conven
tions Th<- fommittee failed to agree, and was
Krven tin this morning to make its recom
mendatton.
Henry L. Dodge resigned as president and
member oi the Board of Education last even
ing, and will be succeeded as presiding officer
t y Henry T. Bcott. His successor as School
la-rector will h* named by Superintendent of
fcuhools Babcook.
George L. Payne, as assignee of William B.
Valdron, is suitiK the People's Home Bank
directors for $12,330 02. He alleges that they
advertised the bank as t>eiiig solvent, while in
n-ality it was failing, and in consequence he
continued Ins deposits until they reached the
amount named.
FANOCTER ORACKSMEN.
& a fe- Blower* Use Itynamile and Wreck
an Office.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 13.— John
Leckie & Co.'s store on Granville street
was looted by burglars last nigbt. The
safe was blown open with dynamite with
such force as to almost completely wreck
the office. Fire resulttd and reduced the
books in the safe to a cbarrea mass and
burned two holes in the office floor.
Timely discovery of the fire prevented.the
loss of much valuable property.
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT,
The John A. Briggs' Quiet
Voyage Around Cape
Horn.
STRIPPING THE WRECK
Arrival of the Ship Roderick
Dhu Under the Ha
waiian Flag.
A NEW FOLSOM-STREET PIER.
Electric Bell for Mile Rock—Treat
ment of Captured Sealeis by
the Russians.
The American ship John A/ Briggs ar
rived Tuesday evening, 141 days from Bal
timore with a cargo of coal.
Her voyage was a most remarkable and
an exceptional one. A trip around the
Horn is anything but a pleasure jaunt and
the etornis that howl over those almost
eternally tempest-tossed seas generally
test a vessel's mettle, whether ehe is of
wood or steel.
Occasionally a ship slips by, escaping
the demons of the gale, and such good for
tune befell the John A. Briggs. She went
out of the Cnesapeake under all sail and
she sped down the Atlantic without start
ing a sheet. Stoe rounded the Horn under
royals aud beneath skies that had never a
cloud to veil their blue.
Up the Pacific it was steady breezes and
light airs alternating with calms. The
same quiet stuck to her and she came
smoothly into this port under canvas and
tailed along the water front to her anchor
age as she had sailed for 141 days. It was
an ideal voj'age from a landsman's view,
but, according to the mate's opinion, "very
Captain Whitelaw has succeeded in
stripping the Blairmore down to her lower
masts. A view of the recovered spars now
lying on the seawall proves how skillfully
and industriously the divers labored down
in the sunken wreck.
The yards are steel— mere hollow cylin
ders—and some of them doubled and broke
when they struck the bay bottom as the
ship toppled over. The fragments of metal
topmast show how the deadly charges of
dynamite separated the mass from the
hull and made the work comparatively
easy.
The hatchways of the vessel have been
measured and covers made, and then the
operation of sealing the hulk air and
water tight, preparatory to pumping it to
the surface, will soon be completed.
Tue Hawaiian iron ship Roderick Dhu
arrived from the islands Tuesday evening
with a cargo of sugar consigned to J. IX.
Spreckels & Bros. This is a memorable
trip in her history as it is her first entry
into this port with the ensign of Hawaii at
her peak. She carries the Sprerkels house
flag at her main. The Roderick Dhu was
recently purchased from her British own
ers and given a Hawaiian charter and flag.
President Hugh Craig has written to
Senator Perkins in Washington regarding
the equipment of Mile Rock in this harbor
with an electric bell or gong to be sounded
from on shore during foggy weather.
Plans and specifications for the rebuild
ing of Pier 12 (Folsom-street wharf) were
brought before the Harbor Commissioners
at their last meeting. The secretary was
oraered to advertise for bids, which will
be opened May 26 at 2:30 p. m.
Captain J. Kernan, the American ship
ping agent in Yokohama, states that the
eports regarding ill-treatment of captured
poachine sealers by the Russian authori
ties is untrue. According to the captain's
accounts, notwithstanding the men were
caught sealing in Russian waters, they do
not suffer the hardships in their prison in
Vladivostock that they would suffer in
their vessels while hunting in the
northern waters. They are supplied with
funds, and have nothing to do but eat,
drink and sleep in their confinement, and
all the yarns told regarding their distress,
says Kernan, is bosh.
J. B. Chase and Captain Fullerton of
the ship Yosemite, while riding along
Steuart street yesterday, were struck by a
broken trolley wire and narrowly escaped
injury. They both received strong shocks,
but the wire immediately falling to the
ground no serious results ensued.
The property belonging to the estate of
John J. McKennon will be sold at auction
at the Merchants' Exchange May 26.
Among other property are shares in the
brigs Galilee, Tropic Bird and Courtney
Ford, and the schooners Mary and Ida,
Ivy, Maid of Orleans and J. M. Colman,
also shares in the Merchants' Tug Com
pany. „
DAVID M, REAVIS DEAD,
He Was the Owner of the
Famous Reavis Ranch in
Butte County.
He Died at the Residence of His
Daughter, Mrs. Holt, in This
City Last Night.
David M. Reavis, one of the most promi
nent ranchers and stockraisers in the
Btate, died last night at the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. Holt, in the Strath
more House on Larkin street.
Mr. Reavis owned the famous Reavis
ranch in Butte County, acknowledged u»
be one of the finest in the State. He was
a celebrated breeder of Durham cattle
and the Blackbird stock of trotters, in
cluding the mare Vacate that won many
races in the East in her time.
At one time he farmed 15,000 acres of
land and owned the well-known Dixie Val
ley stock ranch.
He was a native of Missouri and was
born on October 24, 1830. When scarcely
20 years of age he came to this State and
settled in Placer County. After mining
there for a few years he opened a store,
and in 1858 he removed to Butle County,
where he bought a ranch and went in for
stock-raising. He was a prominent ex
hibitor of stock at the leading shows
throughout the State and won many valu
able prizes.
He leaves a widow and four urown-up
children to mourn his loss. Tne body will
be interred here, but when the funeral
will take place will not be decided till the
Masonic Lodge at Chico, of which he was
a prominent member, is heard from. The
Masonic body will, it is expected, take
charge of the funeral arrangements.
ffomen a* Jurors.
DENVER, Colo., May 13.— The District
Court Judges yesterday decided that
women cannot legally serve on juries in
that court, Judge Johnson dissenting. So
far only one woman hns served as juror in
a court trial in Denver, and this has been
in Judge Johnson's division during the
present term.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
The Iron Ship Roderick Dhu Making Her First Trip Under the Hawaiian Flag.
[Sketched by a "Call" artitt.]
KILLED TIGERS FOR FUN,
The Arrival of Major H. B.
Johnson of the British
Cavalry.
While Hunting in an Indian Jungle He
Came Near 8.-ing Eaten by a
Jungle Monster.
Major H. B. Johnson of the British Royal
cavalry, who ha« been hunting wild tigera
in India and havinc experiences of other
kinds of a decidedly thrilling nature, ar
rived here on the steamer Doric and is at
the Palace.
Major Johnson is a giant in size, stand
ing 6 feet high. He looks like a warrior,
and if half the storieb told of him are true,
Major H. B. Johnson of the llritfsh Army, Who Has Had Narrow I -capes From
Jungle -Man-Katcrs.
the record of the valiant knight of La
Mancha is nowhere alongside of him.
The major himself is reticent about his
prowess. The small arsenal of guns which
came with him, however, combined with
the ten or fifteen trunks full of the relics
of conquest, attest his courage and skill.
The story of his travels is an interesting
one. He set out to cruise in the Mediter
ranean, and taking one of the steamers of
the Bibby line landed at Melbourne.
Thence he took the steamship line to
the Orient. He spent a great deal of time
in Ci'iina and India.
In India Major Johnson fitted out a
large party and went to hunting tigers.
The hunters rode on elephant.-, and w;re
equipped wita the finest weapons for kill
ing the tigers. Mahouts roamed about in
abundance, and looked after the ele
phant".
While hunting one day in Bombay after
the tigers had be<-n driven out of the
jungle by the natives he was in a tree, and
by accident fell from it
A huge tiger tnat had been much har
assed and was in a decidedly ugly mood
attacked him. He hatt all he could do to
dodge it, and came near being killed. He
would not have escaped, either, according
to the story, had it not been for the
prompt aid of others. As it was, the tiuer
was at length killed. The major is reputed
to be a dead shot and one of the most
skillful hunters who has ever tackled big
jungle game.
Major Johnson said yesterday that he
had had some close brushes with tigcra
when formerly stationed tiiore with trie
army, but that he did not hunt any on
this trip. "My tiirer-hunthig," said he,
"consisted in going after the man-enters.
There are a good many of them in Bom
bay, and I did have one or two Dretty nar
row escapes from them.
"I nave been traveling this time purely
for pleasure. I know Lord Spencer well,
having been acquainted with him when
he was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. When
he was in Japan he, at a dinner given him
there, apoke of Japan as the England of
the East. That is ju?t what it is. a.s a fact.
It is a country of mighty possibilities and
tremendous energy. It is perfectly won
derful what it is doing.
"I have been in the United States two or
[ three times, the last time being during the
I Chicago Exposition. I shall go to Den
ver. Chicago, Philadelphia and Baltimore
ami thence home. I shall first be in Cali
fornia about two weeks, however, seeing
Monterey, the Yoserniteaiul other places."
GEORGE W. NAGLE DEAD
The Announcement, Not Unexpected,
Cnused 11 Painful Shock in the
Bohemian Club.
George W. Nagle, a junior pioneer and
one of the best-known members of the
Bohemian Club, died at Dr. Rosenstirn's
private hospital, corner of Sutter and
Hyde streets, at 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. His heaitb began to fail six months
ago, and, on the advice of his physician,
Dr. ' Benjamin Swan, he went to trie Glenn
ranch, where he remained for some weeks
as the gu.'st of Charles Leonard.
During hi? sojourn in Glenn County the
disease, tubeiculosis, with which Mr.
Na^le was -r.t'f.ring, developed toan alarm-
ing degree. The patient was brought to
this City about a month ago, and his
physician saw that death was only a ques
tion of a short time. The patient went to
pleep at 5 o'clock yesterday morning and
did Dot regain consciousness.
George \V\ Nagle was well known to a
large circle of men in San Francisco whose
schooling was obtained at the old Cali
fornia College. The late E. B. Pomroy,
editor of the Oakland limes, Charles Q.
Yale and others were his schoolmates.
In Bohemian Club circles Mr. Nai;le was
intimately known, and there the an
nouncement of his death, although it was
daily expected, came in the nature of a
painful shock. He gained many strong
friendships during his fourteen "years of
membership in the club. His impromptu
speeches at the roundtable were happy.
His wit was ready and his humor wel
come.
In the playful order of "Cheerful Work
ers" he gained the highest degree that the
i society can confer. His "Vanity Fair 1 '
i h;gh jinks was a great success and the
] event is commemorated by the first and
I best cartoon that Emil Carlsen ever
painted tor the club.
Mr. Nagle was 4!) years old. He was
born in St. Louis, Mo., but came to San
Pr«nciSCO in his infancy. For many years
'■ he was connected with the house of Wil-
I merding & Co. of this City. Since the
| death of his father, which occurred five
• years ago, much of Mr. Xatrie's time has
been given to the settlement of the estate.
One brother, Harry Nagle, and one sister,
! Mrs. Archer, reside in San Francisco.
AVllinnriling School.
The State Board of Regents will meet on next
Tuesday, and Hmong other matters will dis
cuss the Wilmerding School site. The Mer
chants' Association is determined that the
school shall be built in this City, claiming that
such was the wish of the late .1. (.'. Wilmerding.
The executors of the will— William A'.vord, K.
A. Fargo and Thomas J. Lamb— all of whom
were intimate with the aged millionaire, will
be present at the meeting toexplain the known
wishes of Mr. Wilmerding with regard to the
location of the school.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT MEET.
Entries and Handicaps for the
Races at Central Park
Saturday.
Olympic Cyclers Minstrel Show To-
Night at Native Sons'
Hall.
The entries and handicaps for the Na
tional circuit bicycle race meet, to be held
at the new Central Park track next Satur
day afternoon ana evening, are j»iven be
low. The men are now all training on the
track, and it is welJ worth while to step in
of an afternoon or in the evening before
sundown and watcn them ride in practice.
The high class of men entered in Doth the
amateur ana professional events, which
will insure fast and exciting racing, should
draw big crowds to the park, ana the suc
cess of the meet is already assured by the
lar^e advance *ale of tickets.
R. A. Smyth, the official handicapper of
the League of American Wheelmen, has
arranged the heats and handicaps of the
men in his usual impartial way, as follows:
One mile handicap, amateur: First heat—
Downing. G. C. C. scratch; E. Chapman, O. C.
\V . 20 yards; t\ E. Rodolph, O. Cy., (55; \V. H
Smith, I. C. C, 85; H. 11. Friedlander, S. F. R.
C." 110.
Second at— Tony Delmas, G. C. C, scratch;
G. M. llam'.in. S. F. R. C, SO yards; T. Albor
elle, I.e. C, 45; F. E. Wiiizen, Acme, 75; R.
A. Coulter, C. C; C, 80; J. Mack, I. C. c, 90.
Third heat— P. R. Mott, R. C. W.. 20 yards; P.
M. Lefevrc, Acme, 50; C. Goodwin, S. F. R. C,
70; C. Wilson, I. C. <_ 85; F. C. Hanson, (J. C.
C. 95.
Fourth heat— G. H. Crafts, Acme, 15 yards;
J. J. Carroll, S. J. R. C.,45; M. M.Cooki I.C
< .. 80; J. S. Brereton, R. C. \V., 100; W. Stern
bexg, C. C. C, 100.
Fifth heat— H. B. Freeman, B. C. W r ., 25
yards; A. M. Hoyden, R. c. \Y., 65; J. Ausley,
unattached, 8O; E. L. Hair, Acme, 95; E.
feauuders, I. C. C, 100.
Sixth heat— J. E. Wing, S. J. R. C. 40 yards;
C. D. Gooch, R. C. \V., 60; A. L. Moiling,
8.C.W., 8O; E. C. Barclay, I. C. C, 90; E.
Barbeau, Acme, 100: F. R. Haley, 1. c. ('., 125.
Seventh b<Ml —6. K. Hardeubrook, S. J. K. C,
35 yards; J. C. Near, S. R. W.,65; A. Allen, un
attached, 85; L. F. Olson. C. C. C, 95; C. F.
Orra, unattached, 125.
Eighth heat— F. L. I>ay, B. C. W\, 50 yards;
P. Metcalfe, 1. C. C, 7O; J. M. Jonnson, C. C. (.'.,
90; A. T. Smith, Acme, 100; J. J. Borree,
I. c. c, n>r>.
Ninth tKHt— C. A. Kraft, B. C. W.,65; C. A.
Wyman, Acme, 85; I. Chapman, I.e. C, 00;
A. ~ l: ln>it>. unattached, 10O; B. H. Eiford, R.
C. W., 100.
Tenth heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, 45 yards;
A. f. Menue, B. C. W., 05; C. Birdsall, C. C. C
BO; K. Kobinson, S. F. R. C, 85; A. Joost.
I. C. C. 90; C. Oe Yore, C. A. C, 100.
Eleventh heat— H. W. Sqiiir-->, Acme. 30
yards ; (.. P. Fuller. O. C. W., 45; J. F. Guinnee,
1. ('.«"., 85; R.Alexander, S. F. R. C, 90; J.
Po.Mier, unattached, 100; E. Louideck. C.C C.
100.
Twelfth heat— L. E. Pels. S. F. R. C. , 70 ynrds ;
I M. staples. Acme, 80; W. T. Warren, O. Cy.,
90; L. T. Wagner, U. C. W., 100: C. A. Park.
A .  HO; J. A. Code. O. C. W.,150.
First in each heat to compete to two semi
final heat!-; tirst and second insemi-tinal heats
aud third in faster semi-hnal heat to qualify
for final.
One-mile scratch, nmateur: First heat— Tony
Delmas, G. C. C. ; F. C. Hansen, C. C. C; P.
Metcalfe. I. C. C. ; G. W. Wyman. Acme; L. E.
Pels, a F. R. C.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, R. C. W.J J. E.
Wing, S. J. R. C. ; H. B. Freeman, B. C. W.; A.
Joost, 1. C. C; C. H. Staples, Acme.
Third heat— H. Downing, G. C. C; C. A.
Krait, li. C. W.; P. Robinson. S. F. R. C. ; E.
Saunders. I. C. C. ; It. A. Coulter, C. C. C.
Fourth heat— G. P. Fuller, O. C. W. ; C. A.
Park, A. C; W. s. Dent, unattached; H. 11.
Fried Under, s. l-\ R. c.; j. Muck, I.C. c.
Fifth heut—G. H. Crafts, Acme; L.T.Olson,
(1. fy. ; C. Goodwin, S. F. R. ('.; W. Sternberg,
C. C. C. ; G. M. Hamlin, S. r. R. C.
Sixth heal— T. Alborelie, I. <". C. ; J. C. Near,
S. R. W.; J. J. Carroll, S. J. R. C; F. L. Day,
B. C. W.; A. Joost, I. C. C.
Seventh heat— A. J. Menne, B. C. W. ; H. W.
Squires, Acme; M.M. Cook, I. C.C; C. Birdsall,
C. C. C. ; B. H. Eiford, R. C. W.
Eighth heat— A. L. Holling, B. C. W.; J. R.
Kenna, Acme; K. C. Barley, I. C.C; R. Alex
mid, t, S. F. R. C. ; J. J. Borree, I. C. C.
First in each heat to compete in two semi
final heats, first and second in semi-final beats
and third in faster semi-final heat to qualify
for final.
One mile handicap, professional, first heat —
W. F. Foster, O. C. W.. scratch; F. A. Farland.
S. J. R. C, 25 yards; R. L. Long, B. C. W.,45;
F. E. Schefski, Salt Lake, 50; J. F. Stayer, Port
land, 70.
Second heat — Charles S. Weils, B. C. W.,
scratch; Oscar Osen, O. Cv.,40 yards; W. A.
T.rrill. B.C. W., 60; C. L. Davis, O. C. W.,65;
Russell rushing, G. C. C, 85; H. F. Terrill, B.
C. W., 100.
Third heat— lT. E. McCrea, B. C. W.,25 yards;
J. M. Campbell, <;. C. C, 45; Allan X.Jones, 0.
a w.. tio: 1". If. Byrne, I. C. C, 85; O. L.
Pickartl, Acme, 130.
First in each hent, and seconds in two fastest
heats, to quality for final.
llrtlf-inin- scratch, professional, first heat— H.
E. MeCres. B. C. W.; r. A. McFarland, S. J.
R. C. ; J. M. Campbell, Spokane; C. L. Davis,
O. C W., and EL L. Long, B. C. W.
Second heat— W. F. Foster, O. C. W. ; Oscar
Osen, o. cy. ; Russell Cushing, G. C.C; W. A.
T.n ill, B. C. W., ana F. E. Schefski, Salt Lake.
Third heat— Charles S. Wells, B. C W.; Allan
K. Jones, O. C. W. ; F. M. Byrne. I. C. C. ; J. F.
Stayer, Portland, and H. F. Terrill, B. C. W.
First in each heat and second in two fastest
heats to qualify for final.
One mile scratch, professional, first heat— W.
F.Foster, O. C. W.; F. A. McFarland, S. J. R.
C ; J. F. Stayer, Portland; If. E. McCrea, B. C.
W. ; c. L. Drtvis, O. C. W.
Second heat— Charles S. Wells, B. C. »V. ; J.
If. Campbell, G. C. C; F. M. Byrne, I. C.C;
W. A. Ternll. B. C. W.J F. E. Schefski, Salt
Lake.
Third heat— R. L. Long, B. C. W.J Allan N.
Jones, O. C. W. ; Russell Cushinfr, G. C. C ;
Oscar Osen, O. Cy. ; H. F. Terrill, B. C. W.
First in each heat and seconds in two fastest
heals to qualify for final.
The Olympic Cyclers will hold their
much-talked-of minstrel entertainment
and hop this evening at Native Sons' Hall
on Mason street, and the immense ad
vance sale of seats makes its success
assured from a financial standpoint, and
from the long and varied list of talent
that will participate the show is sure to be
enjoyable.
HE OPENED HIS
RIVAL'S LETTERS,
Postmaster Hopkins Sus
pected His Wife of
Being False.
INTERCEPTED HER MAIL
Read the Contents and Then Had
a Big Fuss With His
Better Half.
NOW SUSPENDED FROM OFFICE.
Inspector Thrall Thinks the Author
ities Will Institute Criminal
Proceedings.
Incited by an uncontrollable doubt and
fear that all was not just right iv his
home circle, James P. Hopkins, postmas
ter at Rohnerville, took advantage of his
official position to open letters addressed
to others than himself.
He found what he was looking for, but
he got something a few days later whicn
he did not expect, namely, suspension
pending investigation, with the additional
probability of criminal prosecution later
on.
Inspector Thrall was placed in charge of
the case, and it took him just half a day to
secure the evidence which brought about
the official downfall of Postmaster Hop
kins. The latter admitted the crime, but
oleaded as a defense his right to protect,
his home. Hopkins was suspended pend
ing further action by the authorities at
Washington, and A. B. Loring placed in
charge of the office.
While the postal authorities here con
cede that, Hopkins meant no criminal
wrong, he violated his oath of olfice in a
double way. Mr. Thrall thinks the de
partment will order criminal proceedings
against the suspended postmaster.
Back of Hopkins' official woes is a pa
thetic domestic story, in which the incom
patibility of youth and old age Days an
important part. Some months ago the
postmaster, who is getting well along in
years, laid siege to the heart of a decidedly
handsome young woman.
They finally met at Hymen's altar and
for a time everything went as merrily as
the marriage bells which proclaimed the
union, but at length the bride grew weary
of being an old man's darling. The more
her affections waned the greater effort
Hopkins made to make home desirabie.
All the little attentions which most women
like so much were lavishly showered upon
her, but the results proved that his efforts
had not been appreciated.
Some weeks ago Hopkins became con
vinced that everything was not just right
at home, but just where the trouble was
he could not determine. A merchant of
Rhonerville had at different times been
seen in company with Mrs. Hopkins, but
as the meetines appeared to be accidental
and the friendship purely platonic the
postmaster could do nothing.
Finally he observed letters addressed to
the merchant in a famiiiar hand->vriting
going through the mails. He stood it as
long as he could, and then intercepted
one of the letters. What he found there
he refuses to reveal, but it was enough to
cause a big rumpus in the family and an
inspection of tne postal authorities into
his official conduct. The result of that in
vestigation has already been told.
Death of Miat Bremer.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., May 13.— Miss
Frankie Brewer, daughter of Justice Brew
er of the United States Supreme Court,
died here Monday of consumption. Miss
Brewer and her mother and sister came
here several months ago for the benefit of
Miss Brewer's health. Justice Brewer has
been notified and is on his way here. The
body will be taken to Washington for
burial.
NEW TO-DAT.
WAS GOULD IHSAHE?
Financial Worry and Physical Exer-
tion Not the Greatest Destroyer of
Human Life.
For Human Sake, After Thirty-
Six Years of Nerve-Creeping
Slavery, He Tells How
He Was Set Free.
CALDWELL, N. J., May 13.— J. Gould, who
has suffered terribly from tobacco tremens, has,
in behalf of humanity, marie known his fright-
ful experience. His written statement, which is
attracting widespread attention, says: "For
tbiriy-six years 1 chewed, smoked, snuffed and
rubbed snuff till my skin turned a tobacco
brown and cold, sticky perspiration oozed from
my skin and trickled down my back at the-
least exertion or excitement. My nerve, vigor
and my life were slowly sapDed. I had to quit
tobacco or die. I tried to stop time and again,
but could not. I saw double and my memory
was beyond control, still I knew how to chew
and smoke, which I did all day, until my sys-
tem got tobacco-soaked again. Finally I gave
up in despair.
"Now, for suffering humanity, I'll tell what
saved my life. Providence brought to my good
wife's attention a booklet called, 'Don't To-
bacco Spit and Smoke Your Life Away 1' What
a sermon and warning in these words: Just
what I was doing. It told about a guaranteed
cure for the tobacco habit called No-to-Bac. I
sent to Druggist Hasler for a box. Without a
grain of faith I spit out my tobacco cud and put
into my mouth a little tablet, upon which was
stamped . No-to-Bac. I took eight tablets the
first day, seven the next, five the third day and
all the nerve-creeping restlessness and mental
depression was gone. It seemed too good to be
true. I used one box. It cost me $1, and it is
worth a thousand. I gained ten pounds in
weight and lost all desire for tobacco from the
first day. I sleep and eat well and have been
benefited in more ways than I can tell. There's
happiness in No-to-Bac for the prematurely old
men who think as I did that they are old and
worn out, when tobacco ■■ the thing that de-
stroys their vitality and manhood.
"No-to-Bac" is sold under a guarantee to
cure dv all druggists."
Get the famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco Spit
and Smoke Your Life Away.". Written guaran-
tee, free sample mailed for the asking. Ad-
dress the Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago
or New York.
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
>rauclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, *1, «1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meals 25c, Rooms, 500
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the nocel.
.Look, for the coach bear! ng the name of las U>»-
mopolltan Hotel. WM. t'AHEY. Proprietor
fflhnngßHf wilcox compound
TU WIL.COX COMPOUND
ANSY*P/LLS
_- .,,--"" > Band8 and SURE. Always reliable. Take
aosubstltute. For sale by all druggists. 12.00. Bend
, Jc.for Woman- * Safeouarri. WILCOX (SPECIFIC
CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHIL AD A.. PA,
NEW TO-I* AY— AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES.
Open SATURDAY and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
and EVENINGS during improvements.
I Free Japanese Kites to children SATURDAY.
New Balloon "Chutes" Sunday.
NEW _ TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
AL & COS THEATERS
•^ at the , I LIST 4 SIGHTS
Baldwin -™-
SATURDAY.
EDDIE THE STRANGE
CHV ADVENTURES
rUY OF MISS BROWN
Last Time Sunday Night.
NEXT lADAREUAN v-
WJSEK I AUGUSTIN DALY COMPANY.
SEATS for the Entire Three Weeks
NOW SELLING.
Ist Week— "Countess Gucki," "Two Escutch-
eons" and "School For .Scandal."
•J<i Weeu— "Midsummer Wight's Dream" and
" Last Word."
3d Week—" Twelfth Night." "The Hunchback,"
" The Honeymoon" and "Taming of The Shrew."
r*. ATTHE ,i* LAST
CAITforNIA times.
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
TO-NIGHT AGAIN
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
CASH AND VALUABLE PRIZES.
AH Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry.
Monday, May 18-HOYT'S
"A TRIP TO CHINATOWN!"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mr*. tßNicarijfE Kekli.no, Proprietor & -Manaeat
TO-NIGHT ■
BRILLIANT REVIVAL
Of Auber's Tuneful Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO:"
EVERY NUMBER A GEM.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR .
NEXT WKKK
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
rniCOLAnOtR.GOrUOD « O^_uy,:j Ann rwuc • • ■
Every Evening, Including Sunday !
3latinee Saturday.
MORRISON'S Famous Scenic and Dramatic Pro-
duction of
PATJST !
Wonderful Scenic Kll'«*ct>.
The Marvelous "Brocken" »cene.
Genuine I - 1:k»Ii* — of Lightning!
. . Made Knin of Fire!
Reserved Seats- 2. "it- , sOc, 75c.
Next attraction— AMY I.KKand FRANK DOANK
MQROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest. Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOKOSLU, Sole Lessee and ilanagai
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER
In the Great Melodrama,
"THE CROSS ROADS OF LIFE"
— — — ■■■-> 1
Stkxino Prtch.4— 2so and .")>J.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10c
r»ii!»l Matinee* M»tuni»»y anil Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PoweU.
TO-NIGHT AM) ITTTIiINO THE WKKK
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRATIONSI
A Marvelous Bill Trnuehout!
WOOL) AND SHEl*Aitl>, •
FIELD , AND IjKWIS.
JOHN W. RANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
Reserved seats, '25c; .Balcony. 10c; Opera cnatri
and Box seats. 50a
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(Oakland.)
TO-XIGHT— Ona Nicht Only.
Hopkins' Transoceanic Star Specialty,
Including the KOSsoW BROS., Midget Athletes
and Comedians.
Prices only 25c to 75c. Secure seats quick.
SUTRQ BATHS.
on.-A.3xrx> :o:E2:Kr:E::£ ii x i r
tendered to THE
IIEALi SAIIjORS
OF THE
BURNED SHIP "REPUBLIC."
Realistic Representation
Of Life on the Ocean.
Saturday Afternoonand Evening, May 16
OENEKAL ADMISSION:
ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN So.'
GRAND FAMILY OUTING
AiVD RESERVED SEAT EXCURSION
TO—
RUSSIAN RIVER !
NEXT SUNDAY, May 17. Leave via 7:30
Tiburon boat. Choice of 6 hours at PIETA,
s>£hours at HOPLAND or DUNCANS SPRINGS,
or 4 hours at UKIAII. Tickets for round trip
only $2, children $1, for sale at ferry. RE.
SERVED SEATS without extra charge from
J. E. LOCKE, 333 O'Farrell st. daily from 1 to
9P. M. Fine trout-fishing in Pieta Creek. A
picturesque ride. DON'T MISS IT.
RACING! RACINGI RACINGI
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■
Beginning Thursday, May 14th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
; -'■ Races start at 2:00 p. li. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the at*
R. B. JUILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. President.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
/MO! SANTA
■AT • The sriCDii7
: Picnic : iaKII/
JT Ij, :of the reason : Wllllii
J! MOUNTAINS
J. **. THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
•Excursion and Family Picnic*
OF THE
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
WILL BE HELD ON
THURSDAY. MAY 31, 1896
At QIENVOOS PARK
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Tickets for the round trip (including Park). Sl. oo '
Children (between 5 and 12 years) 500
Tickets can be procured of any member of the
Society, or at 606 Montgomery st., Room 16, or at
the wharf on the morning of the Excursion. A
fine Band of Music will accompany the Excursion.
The train wUI be made up of First-clasps Passen-
ger Coaches. Prizes for adults and chlMren.
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry, (narrow gauge), foot
of Market St., at 8:45 a. m. sharp. Returning,
train leaves Glenwood at 5:30 p. m.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating. Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c: including ad- -
mission to the grounds.
THE STEAMER URIAH '
Will leave Tiburon Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 P. M.,
2 and 4 p.m. Returning leave El Campo 11:15
{ a. v., 1,3 and 5 p. m.
78
UP IN ARMS AT
FELONS' WORK,
Wrath of Free Labor's
Friends Is Rising
Apace.
THE CONVICT PEDESTAL.
Manager Tacy of the Manufac
turers' Association Scores
It Roundly.
A MILDER VIEW EXPRESSED.
Assistant Quartermaster Wiegand
Considers the Matter of
Small Import.
"The thing is simply outrageous."
In this brief but pungent sentence S. H.
Tacy, secretary and general manager of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation, summarized his views on the
matter of the Giant monument pedestal.
"I am, of course, giving my personal
opinion," went on Sir. Tacy, "yet I am
sure it is in accord with the views of this
association. Every business man in the
City and State knows how earnestly this
association has striven to ri'.'ht off all un
fair competition with our native products
and manufactures. It is a matter of pub
lic record that we have arrayed all the
power and influence at our disposal against
the importation of prison-made stoves
from Oregon. "When we heard that
convict-manufactured cigars, cigarettes
and tobacco were being sold and
\:sed in various parts of the State, we put
forth every endeavor to stop the entry
into our markets of these products of East
ern penitentiaries. We have waged inces
sant war against the use of foreign coals
nnd other supplies in asylums, prisons
end other public buildings, when articles
of ecjual merit an 1 cost could be found
within our own borders.
"But now we tind our efforts once more
Bet at naught. This time it is no grasping
speculator seeking to enrich himself by
foisting cheap Eastern or foreign goods
on our market. No, indeed; our battle
now is w.th patriots: who would do honor
to the memory of one of the grandest men
who ever sat in the chair of the Nation's
chief magistrate.
"It is humiliating and disgusting to see
Elowly rising in the park a monument the
larger portion of whieli was fashioned by
the hands of convicted felons. After
laboring to protect our native industry
-t undue encroachment, ana being
rewarded with success in many instances,
we now tind ourselves, so to speak, at the
bottom of tt;e ladder again. It is in the
utmost degree discouraging to find out
that our latest adversary is no Easterner
or foreigner. This time" we are attacked
from within. Tiie free, honest and de
serving workman is brought into compe
tition witii the criminal, unpaid convict.
"Tins association can never countenance
Rich a state of things. Our end and aim
i> to foster and encourage native indus
tries and native products. Among our
members w« number a great portion of the
foremost business men of the City and
h-tate, and I am positive that, every man
among them must regard the pedestal
i asiaesa . .:h unqualified disapproval.
"Of course the pedestal itself is a small
affair, but it stands for a principle ami that
principle is a most ruinous and suicidal
one. If it be right to place a convict-made
monument in the part %vhy should it not
be right as well to put a convict-made
f-ti. :ie wall around the park? Nay, if it
comes to that, why should not convicts
quarry and dress the stone for our public
buildings, aye, and put them up, too?
"The issue tnus forced upon tiiis asso
ciation cannot be evaded. Committed as
we ere to the protection of free home
Jabor we must protest in unqualified terms
ji^uiust any contract for puolic or private
work which brings the convict into the
lield of industry es a competing factor.
1 cannot see how any business man having
the good of the City and State at heart
could pus-ibly take any other view than
that which I have expressed."
Eugene Wiegand, assistant quartermas
ter-general of the Grand Army of the Re
public for tiie department of California
and Nevada, took a differed view. At
lirst he did not wish to speak at all, but
on being assured that he would not be
nri.-quoted he thawed somewhat.
"it reaily seems to me,' he observed,
"that these labor unions are getting to be
very exacting. At this rate they will soon
order oa to stop drinking coffee if they
find that th« berries have been gathered
by non-union men. So far as I ca-i see,
the work oil the pedestal was well done.
A large number of <j. A. K. men have
come in during this morning and after
noun, and not one of them has expressed
any surprise or displeasure at the proced
ure of the Monument Association.
"In my opinion," said Mr. Wiegand, in
conclusion, "the affair is really of little
niomeut."
Meanwhile the monument is being set
up by a number of union workmen. From
a;i esthetic standpoint it can hardly be
called a success. Three grades or steps
lead up to a square base from which rises
a rather chunky looking obelisk, appar
ently cut off before reaching its prime
mice its height is perhaps half what it
should be were the canons of proportion
observed. On the sawed-off summit of
this marvel of stone a life-like bust of
General Grant stands, placed there appar
ently by accident, since no feature ot the
weird design could possibly lead one to
look for it in such a station.
"The only thing I can see to admire in
the whole thin?," remarked an art critic
of no small ability on viewing the monu
ment yesterday, "ia the spirit of gratitude
and patriotism which animated those who
contributed to the erection of a memorial
to one of our Nation's grandest heroes."
CUTTING OUT TENNESSEE
Vigorous Progress Being Made
in Some Potrero Im
provements.
Postoffice and Other Changes Soon to
Bs Inaugurated on the
He ; ghts.
Improvements in the Potrero are still
being pushed ahead with vigor. Addi
tional men have been put to work by the
3'otrero Land and Improvement Company
in cutting through Tennessee street.
About aOO cubic yards of earth is being re
moved daily and run down the incline on
gravity cars to the hollow on the line of
fcierra street, which is being filled in pre
paratory to beine offered for sale as resi
dence 5-ites.
An accident occurred at this work yes
terday about the noon hour in which John
TIIE GRANT STATUE IN GOLDEN GATE PARK AS IT NOW APPEARS.
Duyer, one of the men employed, had his
right leg broken above the knee by a large
oowlder which rolled from the face of the
cut and caught him before he had time to
make his escape. Lieutenant George Ben
nett, who has charge of the police district
south of the channel, had the injured man
promptly conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital for treatment.
The new building in course of construc
tion on the northeast corner of Kentucky
and Napa streets, owned by Dr. Wemple.
will be occupied on the first of June as .1
drugstore by H. It. Harris. This removal
will cause a change in the location of the
postoflice station from its present place on
the corner of Butte and Kentucky streets.
Other new buildings in addition to Dr.
Wem pie's axe being constructed for resi
dence purposes in several localities on the
line of Mariposa and the cross streets in
the vicinity of the business quarter.
From T. H. Aven, an old resident of the
Potrero, who hau just returned from the
scene of the submerging of the British
ship Blairmore, it was learned that the
divers had succeeded in removing two of
the masts and some of the yards from the
capsized vessel.
This success gives hope to the wreckers
that the ship will be dismantled of all of
her rigging before the end of tho present
week. This done, the work of getting her
on an even keel will be less difficult, and
may finally end in getting the hull high
and dry before many weeks pass.
Work at the Union Iron Works and the
rollinp-mills has not been so dull in years
as at the present time.
The steel castings for The Calt/s new
building, which is considered a heavy con
tract, with additional rails for the Foisom
street electric road, are all that may be
considered extensive undertakings at that
place. _____________
MERCHANTS WILL FROLIC
Wholesalers Who Think All
Work and No Play Makes
Dull Boys.
So They Will Hie Them to Niles
Canyon on Saturday and
Revel in Fun.
The wholesale merchants of San Fran- I
cisco will cast care to the winds on Satur- i
day and go a-junketing to Niles Canyon.
It will be the ninth annual outing of the
merchants, hpt this occasion will be more
elaborately celebrated than any hitherto. \
There seems to be no question but that
Messrs. Engleberg & Wolff will have the
greatest attraction at the merchants'
picnic.
The entire paraphernalia arrived per j
last steamer, direct from Calcutta. Tne I
music is now in the hands of the orchestra, i
which is putting m all spare time practic
ing it.
All of the required talent has been
secured, and each evening is devoted to j
rehearsals.
The staff is organized as follows:
Sole proprietors and owners— E. A. Engle
berg, J. Wolff.
Stage manager— Frank S. Johnson.
Assistant stage managers — Anse Mciggs,
Leon Maiton, Bub Starr.
Business managers— Carl Schmidt, Arthur
Mayer, by kind permission of the Turners.
Advance agent— (J. B. Rode.
A^istant advance agents— Abe Mertif, Al
Ehrman.
Treasurer— J. Levy Jr.
Assistant treasurers— Carlos Young, Charles
J. Simon.
Chief of Spielers— William Lieber.
Assistant spielers— \V. M. Brison, Jeff Floyd,
Billy Sanderson.
Grand lecturer— Morris Newton.
Assistant lecturers— Fred Van Sicklen, James
McNabb, Harry Brown.
Ticket-sellers — Fred Baumgartner, Henry
Levi, MarkEzekiel.
Director of fireworks— Louis Banz.
Chief of police— Ben Marsley.
Assistants — S. L. Jones, I..eopold Klau, Wil
liam Wellman, George Lauingur, Hermann '
Levi, T. H. Dowling.
This large staff is absolutely necessary
to anly handle this immense production.
The following merchants have agreed to
close their places of business on Saturday
"in order tt;at we and our employes" may
attend the festivities:
Tillmann <fe Benrtel, Hans Bros., Union Fish
Company, Lynde <fc Ilougb Company, The Mc-
Collam Fishing and Trading Company, Frank
B Peterson. William Cluff Company, Hooper
& Jennings, Pacific Vinegar and I'iekle WorKS,
C. B. Jennings, Norton, Teller & Koden, M.
Khrman <fc Co., Welhnan, Peek & Co., Dodge,
bweeny <fc Co., S. Foster & Co., Mau, Sadler <t
Co.. Getz Bros. & Co., Williams, Brown <fc Co.,
Mansfield Lovell, Daneri <fc Co., John A. Len
non, M. and C. Mangelg, F. Martens <fe Co.,
Witzell & Baker, Leege A Mills, Martin. Feusier
A Co., Sherry, Avilla & Co., Twin Bros. Mush
Company, Hermann <fc Co., Fiechbeck <fc
Gloots, Atlantic Fish Company, Healdsburs;
and Sonoma Commercial Company, T.
a Merchant, O. B. Smith & Co., Annas
<fc Dallam, S. H. Taylor & Son, J. H. Newbauer
Fritz Peipcrs, the Famous Chess-Player, Kcpnted as the Leading Problem Com
poser in the United States, Now Visiting In This City.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
& Co.. McCarthy Bros., Bates & Suydam, Ingle
nook Vineyard Agency, F. H. Ames Company,
Wheaton. Breon & Co., Wielund Bros., John H.
Spohn. Trice Baking Powder Company, T. H.
Powling & Co., Boltz, Clymer & Co., Lcven
■oo & Co., A. E. Dunham, A. J. de Lamare,
Kotti & Blum, Brigham, Hoppe & Co.,
I* T. Snow. Pacific Marine Supply Company.
Sperry Flour Company. Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company, L. Feldman & Co., Stock
ton Milling Company, J. A. Folger «fc Co., Del
Monte Milling Company, Holcombe Bros.,
Code, Etfelt it Co., Our Mothers' Milling Com
pany, Cement, Priiigle & Co., Hoffman,
Fleishman «fc Co., Frank H. Foote, Pacific Fruit
I'neking Company, Charles J.Simon, Williams-
Brown Fruit Company, Charles C. Bonner &
Co., Coburn, Tevis <fc Co., Harrold Bros., Mor
ris Newton <fc Co., Braver, tirasshoft & Co., A.
C Boideman & Co., Kowalski <fc Co., A. C. Diet*
& Co., Porter Bros. & Co., Dv Val A Carroll,
lluglison it Merton, W. F. Beck, Rosenberg
Bros, it Co., C. K. Splivalo & Co., South
Shm Francisco Packing and Provision
Company, Wilmeraing-Lowe Company, Crown
I'istilleries Company, Western Sugar Relinine
Company, William Wolff & Co., Naber, Alfs <s
Brune.Sherwoori & Sherwood, Livingston & Co.,
("astle Bros., Henry Campe it Co., Cartiu, Mc-
Carthy it Co., siebe Bros. & Plßgcmann, G.
Conn it Co., Dallemand &. Co., M. Erienbach, F.
Chevalier & Co., James G. Walker it Co., Mey
crnehl. Milch. -1! A Co., Weil Bros. <V Sons, The
Rosenblatt Company, Hildebraudt. Posner &
Co., M. Walter <fc Co., Jesge M. Levy & Co.,
Golden Gate Champagne Company, George K.
liendrickson, Hiils Brus.
ANNUAL CHESS TROPHY.
Petition to Mechanics' Institute to Offer
a Suitable Trophy Annually.
The following communication has been
addressed to the board of trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute:
To the Honorable, the Board of Trustee*, Me
chanics' Institute— Gentlemen: The under*
| signed committee, appointed at a meeting held
on the Ist inst. for the purpose of bringing be
fore your honorable body the matter of provid
ing a suitable trophy to be contested for annu
( ally by the chess "players of the institute, be*
j to submit the following:
It is universally conceded that chess la to the
j mental faculties what athletics are to the
i physical— that is, a highly beneficial exercise
j if pursued in the proper manner.
The study and practice of chess, therefore,
j should be encouraged and fostered in every
possible way, and one of the best means to
spread and further the game has been and is
the holding of congresses and tournaments,
the playing of matches, etc., and the subse
quent publicity given them by the press and
chess literature.
The element of competition enters largely
into the game, and to that may, in a great
measure, be attributed the attraction and fas
cination it exercises when once acquired.
The committee are ol the opinion that a suit
able trophy offered annually by the institute
and contested for under such rules as you may
deem i roper would greatly assist and stimu
late competition, attract new aspirants for
! such honor, and prove alike beneu'cial to the
I institute and to the cnuse of chess.
They therefore, on behalf of all the chess pa
j trons, respect fiflly ask your honorable body
! for a favorable consideration of this matter
: and have the honor to remain,
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
Richard Ott,
Joseph AINBA,
Joseph Waldstkij:.
. Alfred B. Isaacs.
San Francisco, May 9, 1890.
Fritz Peipers, who has the reputation
: of being the foremost problem-composer
; of the United States, having at almost
i every competition obtained first honors,
is visiting this City. Mr. Peipers resided
formerly in San Francisco, but has of late
years made his home at Los Angeles,
I principally on account of his health,
which, he claims, has been greatly bene
fited since his sojourn in the southern
metropolis.
THE BREWERY TROUBLES.
The Labor C'ouucil Aska the Bosses to
Arrange the Differences.
The long-pending differences between
the Brewery Workmen's Union and the
boss brewers bid fair to be settled peace
ably before long. The matter i* now in
the hands of the San Francisco Trades
Council. With a desire to have the
troubles settled by a conference the special
committee has sent the following letter to
every boss brewer in town :
Gentlemen: We wonld respectfully remind
you of the matter upon which Messrs. Mnc-
Arthur and Tuurman of the San Francisco
Labor Council spoke at tne meeting of the
Brewers' Protective Association on the Bth
lust. On that occasion it was suggested that
your association appoint a committee to con
fer with us as to the busis of arranging for the
recognition of the Brewery Workmen' 3 Union.
We ask that you use your best efforts to have
this matter favorably "dealt with at your next
meeting. We believe that an arrangement
whereby the brewers and their employes will
profit can be made if a reasonable chance of
conference is afforded. Hoping for your as
sistance in this matter, we remain respectfully,
Executive Committee, Han Francisco Labor
Council, per E. w. Thtrman, Secretary.
To Cancel an Kxecution.
W. B. Leonard is suing to have J. H. Curley
and R. D. Goggin restrained from sailing any
of Curley's property under an execution in
favor of Goggin for $2997 83. Leonard alleges
in his complaint that the execution is a false
ana fraudulent one and done for the purpose
of doing away with the property, which should
be liable for Curluy's debt to Leonard of
$1261 07. Leonard asks that an order re
maining the sale of the property and setting
aside the execution be isiuod.
HENRY L. DODGE
HAS RESIGNED
A Surprise to the Members
of the Board of
Education.
IS GOING TO THE EAST.
No Longer President or a
Member of the School
Directors.
HENRY T. SCOTT WILL PEESIDI
A Movement Against Elaborate Clos
ing Exercises in the Public
Schools.
The majority of the members of the
Board of Education were treated to a
startling surprise last evening when, at
the close of the regular business of the
meeting, President Henry L. Dodge asked
Superintendent Babcock to take the chair,
and, quietly and in a few well-chosen
words, tendered his resignation as presi
dent. He stated that a long journey to
the East made it necessary that his suc
cessor should be chosen.
The resignation was accepted, and Henry
T. Scott unanimously elected to fill the
vacancy. Then Mr. Dodge, after the mem
bers had tendered him a vote of thanks
for tho able and impartial manner in
which he had filled the office of presiding
officer, stated that his journey would keep
him away from San Francisco for a longer
period than could be covered by a vaca
tion and asked that his resignation as a
director be accepted.
This was also agreed to unanimously.
Dr. C. A. Clinton was elected president
pro tern.
Superintendent Babcock, on whom de
volves the duty of naming a successor to
Mr. Dodge, subject to the approval of the
board, will probably put forward a candi
date at the next meeting.
The question of the schools spending so
much time in preparing for closing-<lay
exercises has been bothering the directors
for some time past and in order to obtain
the opinion of the majority in the board
on the matter Director Murdock intro
duced the following resolution:
Whereas, Elaborate closing exercises dis
tract the attention of pupils from their regular
work, causing the loss oi valuable time and
tend to engender harmful rivalry ana promote
extravagance; be it
licsolvcJ, That the principal? be instructed to
allow no time within school hours to be de
voted to preparation for closing exercises, an«l
that they be urged to continue the work of all
pupils to the last day ot school and to avoid
all showy exhibitions, waking the closing ex
ercises quiet and 6imple; and
Kttolvcd, That no principal of a day school
be granted permission to hold closing exer
cises in other than school buildings; and
Resolved, That each principal be asked to
send to the Superintendent an answer to the
following question:
In your judgment is the presentation of
medals advantageous?
The matter was refened to the Commit
tee on Rules. Upon recommendation of
the Commi;tee on Salaries the compensa
tion of Mrs. E. P. Bradley, teacher ol*
drawing in the Polytechnic High Bchool.
was raised from f 125 to $140, its original
figure.
The following teachers were raised from
the probationary class to the rank of regu
lar teachers: Miss Emma G. Howard,
Miss Louise Neppert and Miss Julia
Neppert.
The following recommendations of the
City Board of Examiners were adopted:
Tnat Miss Hose Stolz be recommended to the
State Board for a life diploma in the grammar
grade; that Mrs. Sarah li. Coons and Miss
Mary Quinn be recommended to the State
Board for State diplomas in the grammar
grade; that Albert J. Houston be grauted a
grammar-grade certificate upon a diploma
from the State University; that Miss Johanna
HarnicKel be granted a grammar-grade certi
ficate nwin a diploma from the Chico Normal
School; that Miss L. V. Morgan be granted a
grammar-grade certificate upon a diploma
irom the Srii Jose Normal School; that Miss
Mary K. Neylan be granted a grammar-grade
certificate upon her Alameda certificate; that
Miss Addie «. Hortoa be granted a grammar
grade certificate upon a diploma of the
Normal class of 1893; that the primary grade
certificate of Miss Kliza L. West be renewed.
The following were elected regular
teachers under a suspension of the rules:
Mrs. Grace D. Mitchell, Mrs. Florence
Haines, Mrs. A. M. Browne.
The following were elected members of
the day substitute class: Miss Addie
Horton, Mrs. Bra Fairweather, Miss Lulu
V. Morgan, Miss Jennie McLerie, Mrs.
Lizzie O'Sullivan, Miss Matilda Nelson,
Mrs. North, Mi-s Mona Brown, Miss Nel
lie Gallagher, Mrs. L. A. Griffin, Miss E.
McDonald and Miss Nellie E. Purinton.
A PINK ROSE LUNCHEON,
Mrs. Darling Gives a Charming
Entertainment at Her Pre
sidio Home.
The Romaine Lunch at the University
Club on Tuesday— Engagement
Party.
Mrs. Darling gave another of those de
lightful little luncheons at which she pre
sides so gracefully on Tuesuay at her
charming home, Rose Cottage, Presidio.
The table was a most beautiful sight with
its decorations of pink roses and its weath
of silver and delicate porcelain.
In the center of the board was placed an
immense basket filled to overflowing with
long-stemmed La France roses, while from
the center to the four corners of the square
table radiated cordons of srailax. The
luncheon was in honorof Mrs. James Rob
son and Mrs. C. A. Sprockets. Seated at
tab'e in addition to the guests of honor
were Mrs. Morris, wife of Captain Morris
of the Fifth Artillery, Miss Young, Miss
Catherwood and Mrs. Darling.
Mrs. William Romaine gave a luncheon
on Tuesday at the University Club in
honorof Miss_ May Hurley of 2319 Scott
street. The affair was made the occasion
of announcing the date of Miss Harlev's
approaching marriage to Livingston Jenks,
the young attorney. The wedding will
take place at the Harley residence Tues
day evening, June 2.
There was a jolly party on board the
yacht Ethel L that left this City on Sun
day morning last at 8 o'clock and sailed
up the Straits of Carquinez and then to
Angel Island, where they were royally en
tertained by the commander at the island,
Colonel O'Connell.
The return to the City was made at 6
p. m., after a most delightful day's outing.
Those present were: Ed Roberts, George
Powell, Gus Aurich, Ed Darr, Al Kohn,
E. Cabrera, Dave Sicbel, J. Y. Baruh, Miss
O. Heim, Colonel O'Connell, Miss E.
Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. R. Whelan. Miss E.
Abrams, Lucile Reid, A. Warshauer, L.
N. Bradshaw, Miss Lizzie Roberts, Miss
Brma Fitch, Miss Nega Solinsky, Miss
Frances Aurich, Miss Carrie Aurich, Miss
Lillie Barnett, and J. Lester Gabriel, com
modore Arlington Yacht Club.
The encasement of Miss Emma Mich
aels to Richard T. Kessler was celebrated
last Saturday evening. May 2, at the home
of her parents on Sacramento street. The
house was beautifully and lavishiv dec
orated with smilax and roses. The
guests enjoyed dancing in ihe spacious
dance hall, which was tastefully hung
with Japanese lanterns and ivy." At 10
o'clock the band played "Honeymoon
March." and the gentlemen took the* ladies
up stairs, where an elegant and elaborate
supper was served, and where Mr.
Michaels made an appropriate speech
touching on the occasion of his
daughter's engagement, which was elo
quently responded to by Mr. Kessler.
After supper dancing was again in order.
Amon* those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Michaels, Mr. and Mrs. Goette, Mrs. Hahn,
Mrs. Annie Hoffmann, Miss Tillie Michaels,
Miss Emma Michaels, Miss Lottie Maier,
Miss Lena Laib, Miss Celina Lacaze, Miss
Annie Mus&a, Miss Emma Frey, Miss
Minnie Roemer, Miss Merie I^eonhardt,
Miss Tillie Weisheimer, Miss Tessie Goette.
Miss Lena Weisheimer; Messrs. Richard
T. Kessler, O. Roemer, Will Mussa, Fred
Kidder, Luis Lacaze, Erail Michaels, Will
Koschnitzki, John Koschnitzki, Fred
Blumer, Henry Goette, George Goette and
Charles Snider.
An entertaining musicale was tendered
to Sig J. Newbauer upon his return from
the south by his friends. The parlors
were artistically decorated with roses and
ferns. The selections by the Newbauer
orchestra were beautifully rendered. Miss
L. Carlson, Oscar Frank and Miss F. Sher
wood contributed toward the entertaining
of the guests with vocal selections, and
the recitations by Milton Washerman were
deligntfully received by the audience.
The ladies and gentlemen in attendance
were: Mr. and Mrs. Carlson, Miss Ruby
Royle, Miss P. SherwGod, Miss Gay Os
born, Sam Newbauer, Sig J. Newbauer,
Harry Morgenthau. M. Ballen, Oscar
Frank, Milton Wasserman, Gus Phillips,
Eugene Newbauer, Jesse Newbauer, Nat
Cook, Miss T. Cleal, Miss L. Carlson, Miss
C. Cook. Jack Stone, Lennie Waterman,
Mr. Millzner, Edwin Potter, Joseph Dan
nenbaum, Mr. and Mrs. J. Graham and
Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood.
Miss Ellen Beach Yaw, the noted Cali
fornia soprano with wonderful-ranged
voice, will spend part of her summer vaca
tion at the Hotel Rafael, Castle Crags,
Hotel Vendoine, Del Monti, San Mateo
and Yosemite Valley.
Miss Ella Fay, daughter of District At
torney Fay of Kern County, is visiting
friends in this City.
Frank J. Sullivan, P. O. G. Kenna and
Daniel C. Murphy spent Sunday at the
Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Meyer will receive their
friends at their residence, 1210 a Scott
street, Monday afternoon. May 18, from 2
to 5 p. m. in honor of their daughter
Clara's confirmation.
FIGHTING OVER FARES,
Transcontinental Passenger As
sociation and Convention
Tickets.
A Committee Fails to Agres on Half
Rates and Delays Pro
ceedings.
The Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation, which comprises the great railway
systeruß of America engaced in carrying
passengers across the continent, met yes
terday morning in the Palace Hotel.
B. D. ('aid well, president of the associa
tion, occupied the chair.
After the formalities of opening the pro
ceedings had been concluded, the question
of a single-fare rate for return tickets to
conventions this summer was taken up.
It was announced — though every rail
way man present did not need to be in
formed on the pomt — that several conven
tions of more or less importance would be
held within a few months. The Repub
lican convention will be held in St. Louis,
the Democratic in Chicago, the Grand
Army of the Republic camp in Washing
ton, D. C, the People's and Silver conven
tions simultaneously in St. Louis, the Na
tional Educational Association convention
in Buffalo, N.Y., the Young People's So
ciety of Christian Endeavor in Washing
ton, and the Baptist Young People of
America convention in Milwaukee.
Half-rates to the Republican and Dem
ocratic National conventions were first dis
cussed and a committee as follows was ap
pointed to consider the question and bring
in recommendations in the afternoon:
W. F. White of the Santa Fe; Henry Don
aldson, Southern Pacific; Charles S. Fee, Nort
hern Pacific; J. Francis, Burlington; John Se
bastian, Rock Island; S. A. Hutchinson, Union
Pacific.
An adjournment was taken until 3 p. m.,
at which hour the committee reported it
had not been able to arrive at any con
clusion. Further time was requested, and
the meeting adjourned until this morn
ing. Then, it was expected, a recommen
dation would be presented by the com
mittee.
The main obstacle, is appears, to decid
ing on a half rate, good for thirty days,
was that there would bo a clear month
this summer during which return tickets
could be bought for some point in the
East at half price. How to obviate this
difficulty seemed to puzzle the committes.
Another report wa that some lines had
largely control of the situation, and
showed a disposition to be seltish.
"Whatever internal difliculties may arise
it is hrmly believed by local railway men
that President Caldwell will find a digni
fied and amicable way out He is a na
tive son, having been born in Placerville
in 1858, at a time when his father and
mother were missionaries in the mining
districts. "While still a child he went East
with his parents. He is now a dictator
among magnate?, with a princely salary
and a special car to carry him over the
transcontinental roads.
ALLOWED BIG INTEREST
Judge Hebbard Has Materially In
creased Bis Decision in the Hale
& Norcross Case.
Judge Hebbard, after hearinsr argument
on the matter, has decided to allow mter
es't on the judgments in the Hale & Nor
cross case from June 11, 1892, the time the
judgments were originally rendered.
It was objected by the defendant's
counsel that as the amount was uncertain
up to the time of the last judgment no in
terest should be allowed at least upon the
judgment just rendered— the $417,683.
The Judge held, however, that the
plaintiffs were entitled to interest at least
from the time of the riist judgments if
not from the time of the actual frauds.
He did not wish to inject another issue
into the case, however, so judgment was
given from the time of the first decree.
The rate allowed is 7 per cent per an
num on two judgment?, oue of $417,683
and the other for $210,197 50, a total of
$627,880 50. The interest will amount to
about $43,951 a year, or so far a total of
nearly $175,600.
Tried the Lock Game.
Phillip Knowlton, a bunko man, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Graham and
Gillen on the charge ol grand larceny. About
two weeks ago he is accused of trying the lock
game on William Fleming of Fresno, and, not
being successful, of stealing $3 in silver from
him.
Charges Dismissed.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and heard charges against Policemen Henry
Maddeu and Patrick Coughran. Madden was
charged with unofficer-liko conduct, and
Coushran with entering a saloon while on
duty. Both charges were dismissed.
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS. ,
A BARE COMBINATION OF ATTRACTIONS
FOR TODAY'S TRADE 1 '
Of the many CROWD-BRINGING ATTRACTIONS offered our
to-day's customers we select the following as
BARGAINS SPECIALLY WORTHY OF ATTENTION !
—
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
_£ _.* 3.8 Cents.
4-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, assorted colors, will bo offered at 15c a yard.
I PARASOLS! PARASOLS!
j\.t 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin and Gloria Silk, value $1 25, will be offered at 75c.
-A.t 75 Cents.
LADIES' COLORED PARASOLS, 22 inch, satin finish, value $1 50, will be offered at 75c
LACE DEPARTMENT!
— — t; 1O Cents Encla.
200 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $2 50 a dozen.
.At SO Cents Each..
165 BUTTER LACE COLLARETTES, Point Venise Lace Yokes, trimmed with Ori-
ental Lace, regular value $1 75.
. _£_t S3L2CS et, "5T«i-«ri. :■•''■-
-48 pieces EMBROIDERED MOUSSELINE DE SOIE, 24 inches wide, black pround,
embroidered with silk floss in elegant colorings and designs, regular value $3 50,
will be placed on sale at $1 25 a yard. ;
LADIES' SILK WAISTS AND CHILDREN'S DRESSES!
. . _a.t 83. 00.
LADIES'. SILK WAISTS, in fancy shade of blue and green, latest style, collar and
front of waist trimmed with black velvet, regular price $5, will be offered at $3.
__t &X.OO.
CHILDREN'S FANCY GINGHAM AND PERCALE DRESSES, full sleeves, made
in the latest style, will be offered at $1.
HOSIERY AND SILK UNDERWEAR!
-A..t IS Cents a Pair.
100 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, extra heavy, made specially lor
boys' wear, sizes 6 to 9% inches, regular price 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair.
_V.t 25 Cents ck, Fair.
125 dozen LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, real maco, extra fine gauge, high spliced
heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, regular price 40c, will be offered at 25c a pair.
~-t SO Cexxts XSaon.
75 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS, low neck and sleeveless, in cream,
black, pink and lavender, all sizes; also high neck and long sleeves in sky and
cream color, small sizes only ; regular price 90c and $1 25, will be offered at 50c each.
CORSETS! CORSETS!
At 63 Coxxts.
50 dozen LADIES' BLACK CORSETS, extra lone waist, high bust, two side steels
perfect fit guaranteed, regular price $1, will be offered at 65c each. *
MEN'S AND BOYS' NECKWEAR!
-A-t 1O Cents.
100 dozen MEN'S, LADIES' AND BOYS' ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS, in new
designs of fancy figures and in light and dark colors, extra good value for 25c, will
dc offered at 10c each.
>__t 15 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SILK AND SATIN TECK AND FOUR-IN-HAND
SCARFS, satin lined, largely assorted patterns, worth 25c and 35c, will be offered
at 15c each. ': : ;
/fffjff*^^ MT7RPHY BUZLDZNGK /
(/(/ Wet street comer of Jones, /
I «Pass~YoTjr Plate." » |
v mm ~ . ■ ■ -V"- ft
_^y QQKT _______BG9l^^^^^ ' ■P-j^j^PHMp^jSiyfrjy 3_
_T" __c**B_3__l X C"i I MtM^^w ~""ir~'
H__H B sa 9 flfif __.
It • Prices of all commodities 5
> have been reduced except tobacco* V
| "Battle Ax" is up to date* |
I Low Price; High Grade; Delicious $
S Flavor* For 10 cents you get 5
almost twice as much Battle €
c Ax" as you do of any other high 5
I grade plug* *TIMELY GIFT TO
FATHER AKERLY.
An Ascension Day Surprise
for the Venerable
Pastor.
HIS LIFE-SIZE PICTURE.
Although Eighty-Four Years Old
He Is Still in Touch With
His Flock.
GIFT OF HIS CONGREGATION.
Rev. F. J. Mynard Will Make the
Presentation in an Appropriate
Speech.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,)
I*oß Kroadway, May 13. )
The members of St. John's Episcopal
Church have prepared a surprise for the
venerable Rev. Benjamin Akerly, D.D.,
when he officiates at Ascension day ser
vices to-morrow morning. Rev. Floyd J.
Mynard, the rector, will present to
''Father" Akerly — the beloved rector
emeritus Uas been reverently spoken of as
father for a generation — an oil portrait of
himself.
The painting is the work of W. S. Sutter
of San Francisco, and the work has been
done under the supervision of P'rnest yon
Loben Sels, a grandson of James de
Fremery and Rev. F. J. Mynard. The
■picture is marvelously true to nature, and
will be highly prized, as in the ordinary
course of nature it cannot be long be
fore it becomes a memorial picture of the
noble man who has made friends in Oak
land for forty years.
At to-morrow's service there will be
families whom Father Akerly has christ
ened, married, and whose children he has
also married. Dr. Akerly has kept in close
touch with hia parish since ISttt, and, al
though he is now ?i years of age, he is still
a comparatively active man.
St. John's is the oldest Episcopal church
in Aiameda County, and there are only
two older in tho diocese. It was started
in 1855, when Oakland was a hamlet. It
struggled along till 1860, when Father
Akerly vraa appointed rector, and since
that time he has labored actively and zeal
ously to build up the large congregation
that now worships there.
In 1892 Rev. Dr. Akerly, finding, with
increasing year?, the work too heavy for
him, resigned, but was prevailed upon
by his devoted congregation to take the
position of rector emeritus, so that he
would still be in active touch with the
church for which he had worked so long.
Thousands of people in California have
been ministered to by Rev. Father Akerly,
and he is beloved by all. The presenta
tion to-morrovr will no doubt be a very af
fecting scene, and will be witnessed by a
full attendance. It is expected that many
ministers will be present to congratulate
the reverend pastor on being spared for so
long and successful a ministry.
THE FIRE DAMAGE SUITS.
Losses by the South of Market Street
Conflagration Waiting a Verdict.
The decision of the Supreme Court in
the case of Hall vs. the Spring Valley
"Water Company is anxiously waited for
by the property-owners in the burnt dis
trict south of Market street.
Soon after the fire suit was to have been
brought against the water company and
the City for damages aggregating nearly
b million dollars. The ground for tne
Euits, as • alleged, embraced inadequate
water supply and defective piping and tire
facilities.
The Hall suit was decided in favor of
the water company in the Superior Court,
end being appealed to the Supreme Court,
the other prospective and anxious plaint
iffs can take no action until a decision is
handed down.
Though Hall's suit is in the nature of a
test case, the other losers by the fire may
press their claims, irrespective of the de
cision in the premises. One of the attor
neys for the possible plaintiffs said yester
day that he thought the case was a good
one and that the lire losers could secure
damages.
Bowman Must Stand Trial.
A. W. Bowman, charged with sending ob-
BCene letters throuuh the mails, was held by
Commissioner Heocock yesterday for trial be
fore the District Court. Hail was fixed at
fc:H)OO. Bowman admitted having sent the
obscene matter charged, but excused himself
b\- saying that he nad been instructed by God
to do so.
CARICATURE POSTER OF A GREEN COW. MADE BY SIDNEY ARMOR.
Rev. "Father" Akerly, Rector Emeritus of St. John's Episcopal Church, Oakland,
the Oldest Kpiscopal Minister in the State.
[Drawn from an oil painting that trill be presented to him at the Ascension day ser
vices this morning.]
POSTERS OF HIGH IDEAL
The Hopkin's Institute of Art
Has an Original Exhi
bition.
j
, Rapid Evolution of the Common
Poster Into a Thing of
Beauty.
The students of the Hopkins Art Insti
tute had a novel and striking exhibition
i on view yesterday consisting of over forty
posters designed in every conceivable,
and la some cases inconceivable, form of
i art.
No one was invited to view the paster
■ exhibit, because the public will soon see it
: scattered about in the store windows of
the town. On the 19th inst. the students
open the twenty-third exhibition of .school
work and this year there is a dead earnest
ness about the event which has been un
known in previous years. The fact is thnt
the students are going to put price son
their works— low prices it is true, but still
prices, and having done that they are go
ing to wait in fear and trembling to see if
art patrons on the lookout for incipient
Raphaels and Michael Angelos will ruah
to buy.
There are some of the students who are
counting their chickens before they are
hatched, or, more properly speaking, their
pictures before they are sold, and who
have already mapped out glorious summer
outings and a few years' study in Pans on
the strength of the appreciation that th eir
pictures are to meet with from the rich
and the artistic when the exhibition opens
on the 19th inst.
No wonder that, with such roseate
dreams to inspire them, the exhibitors
have positively excelled tnemselves in pro
ducing posters to herald to the world that
the Students' Co-operative Society will hold
an art exhibit.
Every style of nrt from the severely
classic to the weird fantasies of Aubrey
Beard.--ley and his followers has been
brought * into requisition. There are
Veiiuses. cowboys, Dresden shepherdesses,
street arabs, medieval saints, the end-of
the-century girl, dragons. Kate Greenaway
children all represented in the collection
of posters which adorned the walls of the
Art School on Pine street yesterday, and
some of them were really very clever.
Sydney Armor has contributed six pos
ters, which range from a caricature of a
terra-cotta cowboy painting a green cow
to visions of female loveliness in big bats
with impressionist backgrounds. T. R.
McKee has contributed some pen and ink
posters, which are cleverly drawn and at
tract the eye by reason of their boldness.
One represents a pensive youth holding an
easel and pausing in the midst of his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, IS9G.
painting, evidently to reflect what price ho
shall put on the work.
Miss Calthea Vivien has launched into
the severely classic, with a Venus di Milo
poster. Miss Powers' female figure, with
a gold background, is a striking piece of
decorative design.
Miss Jordan has turned designs in yellow
and i>iack to poster uses with goodeffect,
and Miss Rosener's Dresden shepherdess is
something quite new in poster work. A
Student named Holden lias shown how
much material for art there is in brown
paper when it is properly drawn upon.
Misa Tewkesbury, Miss VVatson and a
number of other students have aIBO struck
out into original paths in the ways of
poster-making.
ABUSE OF TIME-CHECKS.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
After a Big Lumber
Company.
Charges That It Is Practically De
frauding Its Employes Out of
Their Wages.
The attention of Labor Commissioner
Fit2eerald has been cailed to the abuse of
the time-check system in vogue in nearly
every lopgine, lumbering and contracting
camp in the State. Witnin the past two
days facts have been presented to him
that make immediate action on his part
necessary, funds or no funds.
Complaints of a serious character are
being constantly received at the Labor
Bureau of the manner in which the Union
Lumber Company of Fort Bragg is treat
, ing the men in its logging-camps in Men
; docino County. The last was received
yesterday from a laborer, Joseph Brien,
who has just returned from the camp.
His sworn affidavit as to the treatment he
received fully explains the injustices prac
| ticed under the time-card system. He
stated under oath as follows:
Pan Francisco, May 13, 189 G.
I make statement here that I was sent up to
; Mcndocino County to work for the Union Lum
| ber Company at their logging-camimbout ten
i iles from Fort Bragg. I was told I would get
j $20 per month and found. I got the job on
I April 3. 18!>6. I left Mission-street wbarf that
| same afternoon and went to work the morning
I of April 5. I never left camp for a full month
and worked every day that they would allow
me during that time. On the morning of May
5, 1896,1 asked and received my time-check.
i I drew $3 worth of goods om the store dur
j ing my month's stay, and that amount was de
ducted from the check. The clerk Informed
me that 1 could have the check cashed at the !
company's store in Fort Bragg. I accordingly
j presented my check at the store in Fort Bragg ,
and in return received tax receipts amounting I
tosG 90.
That was all I received for my month's work.
The company only pays out a time-check once
every three months, and then each man has to
send the game to San Francisco at his own
expense and is obliged to wait sixty days
longer before he gets any returns. If he cioes
not wish to wait he can sell his check at Fort !
Bragg at 10 cents discount on the dollar. All I
I this is not told you at the employment office,
or the fact that you must wait live months
before you get any pay, or that the work itself
is very dangerous and that many men get
killed and crippled every year. I myself know
of four men getting seriously hurt and one
getting killed outright in one week.
The Fort Bragg Advocate of the 4th
inst. contains an article substantiating in
general the foregoing facts. The Rock
port correspondent to that paper writes:
With regard to Rockport l would say there
is very little inducement for any self-respect
ing man to come here, .unless he is willing to
leave all his earnings in the company's saloon
and store at prices that would make a '4'.»er
blush. Should anything of his earnings es
cape the rapacity of storekeeper or saloon
keeper he receives a sixty-day draft ou the
lf>th of each month. This he can take home
and frame and hang it up to remind him of all
the hard licks be put in to acquire it, for it is
about as negotiable as a Confederate green
back, without possessing any value as a his
toric relic. • • *
Deputy Dam telegraphed to the main
oflice in this City for an explanation, but
received no satisfaction. The Labor Com
missioner will present to the next Legis
lature a bill to abolish the time-check sys
tem, corporation-store system and com
pelling employers to pay in cash the cost
of labor at stated times.
The Mother Lode.
A lecture is announced for Thursday even
ing. May 21, at the Good Samaritan Mission,
Second and Folsom streets, on "The Mother
Lode," that rernarkublo deposit of mineral
wealth which exists in the eastern Dortion of
the State. The lecture will be by Henry a.
Durden, secretary of the State Mining Bureau
and will be illustrated by maps and charm'
All persons interested in mines or mining are
invited. The lecture will be free.
>'o PronpectS of ('liming.
It is not thought likely thnt Judge Garber
will finish his argument in the railroad inter
vention suit before the middle of noxt week.
Yesterday he confined himsclt to a general re
view of the case, inserting here and there new
authorities in support of his position.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ARBITRARY ACTS
OF RAILROAD MEN,
They Will Be Investigated
by the Labor Com
missioner.
C. N. HINKLE'S DILEMMA
A Streetcar Motorman Black
listed Because of an
Accident.
SAID TO BE UNAVOIDABLE.
His Deposit Money Withheld by an
Oakland Branch of the South
ern Pacific.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald is about
to lock horns with tlie Southern Pacific
Company in behalf of a railroad man who
has incurred the corporation's displeasure.
C. N. Hinkle, an electric railway motor
man by calling, is on the company's black
list. That is, he is unable to obtain em
ployment on any of the many electric
streetcar lines controlled directly or in
directly by the Southern Pacific.
Some time ago he secured a position on
the Telegraph-avenue electric branch of
the Oakland Railroad Company. The
latter institution in Oakland is the counter
part ot the Market-street Railway Com
pany In San Francisco. Hinkle was obliged
to give the company a deposit of $2.3 to
insure the faithful performance of services
and to make good any damage caused to
I his car by his carelessness or neglect.
All the street railroads owned by the
Southern Pacific Company compel their
, motormen, gripmen and conductors to
| make these deposits. They now aggregate
i many hundred thousand dollars.
More than that, Mr. Hinkle was com
| pelled to insure in the Pacific Surety Com-
I pai.y, which many believe is a part of the
, Southern Pacific system. At least no
i streetcar company En the system wiii re
| tain a motorman or gripman who declines
to take out a $200 policy, lor which the un
fortunate employe must pay $2 50 a year
in premiums. This insurance is a guaran
! tee on the part of the surety company to
1 make good ail loss to the streetcar com-
I pany caused by damage suits caused by
| the "carelessness or negligence of the in*
! hured employe.
According to the ?tory told by Mr.
j Hinkle to the Labor Comruissiorer yester
day, he had paid the deposit and was mi
i Eiiix-d according to order*. On the night
.of March 15, the car under Hinkle's con-
I trol knocked a woman down. The motor
| man states lie has witnesses to prove that
he was not at fault.
The streetcar company kept him at
work for over a month after the accident,
and in the meantime the woman brought
suit for the recovery of damages. The case
was compromised for $250 on April 23 and
Hinkle was at once discharged.
The surety company said it would pay
$225 and the streetcar company made up
the balance, $2">; but this sura was the do
posit made by Hinkle for the safety of hia
car. Hinkle states that the company also
endeavored to keep bncic his wages on
some pretext or other.
Hinkle made efforts to secure work on
other lines of the Southern Pacific system,
i but found that he is practically black
! listed. No company will hire him unless
' t he reinsures in the Pacific Surety Corn
puny, and this company declines to issue
to him a policy unless he pays the amount
i of the damages it had to pay to theinjurea
' woman. The motorman is unable to re
turn the money to the insurance company
and the railroad company refuses to re
turn to him the $2f> deposit due to him
j upon leaving the company's service.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald states
that the demand of the surety company
for ilinkle to stand the amount of the
damages amounts to self insurance lor
i Which he is forced to pay $2 60 a year. He
■ maintains that theactsof the atreet rail
; way company and the surety company are
particularly unfair, because Hinkle had no
voice in the compromise with the injured
woman,' and that possibly if he had he
i could have proved by several witnesses
that he was blameless in the matter and
I thus have avoided the payment of any
j damages whatever.
The proposition of the Labor Commis
| sioner, however, will be to test the right of
I the railroad compsny to withhold Hinkle's
$25 deposit. Deputy C. L. Dora has
written to M. M. Martin, Fuperintendent
of the streetcar company, fur his reasons
I for not giving Hinkle his deposit. Mr.
| Fitzgerald proposes to take the rase to
court and see if the money cannot be ob
tained. Many similar complaints have
been made by railroad employes and it is
i now the intention to have the courts de
cide under what circunistancA^ employers
can reuse to pay back this cl.iss of
I deposits.
CHICAGO PLAN FAVORED.
| Carpenters Receive Money From
the East for Strike
Purposes.
A Fund for the Support of Those
Called Out In the Interests of
Organiz d Lnbor.
The District Council of Carpenters and
Joiners met last evening and discussed
at length a matter of Rreat im
portance to the building trades and
contractors of this City. In the
early part of the year the carpenters'
unions determined to unionize the town.
The District Council sent word to the
National Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners at Philadelphia that San Fran
cisco carpenters tvould demand $3 for eight
hours' work and a recognition ol the union
and asked support.
A few days ago National Secretary P. J.
McGuire sent a check for $2;jO to the
district council accompanied by the
promise that $1000 mora would be sent if
necessary.
Between the receipt of the first and last
letters, the Buildinp Trades Council took
ud tne work of unionizing the town. How
ever, this will not deter the carpenters
from carrying out their original plans.
From now on, they will no doubt pursue
drastic measures.
The district council to-nißht will prob
ably discuss the question of how to pro
ceed now that it has the backing of the
National organization.
Many of tue carpenters are in favor of
adopting what is called the Chicago plan.
By this system an azreement is entered
into between the unions and the contrac
tors that only union men phall be em
ployed, and tlie two parties ;igree upon the
hours and the rate of wages.
Usually the agreement lasts one year,
when the interested parties come together
again and change their agr< :nent as the
times and circumstances demand. In re
turn for the recognition of the union the
latter assist the coctractors In every way
to drive out of the field all irresponsi
ble, cheap, "coyote" contractors who. by
doing poor work, using poor materials and
hiring cheap help, ruin the trade.
Many of the contractors of this City have
declared themselves to be in favor of the
union and are desirous of having their
support in driving out the local coyote
contractors. Under these circumstances
the carpenters believe that they can form
an aliiance with their employers that will
be a means of mutual protection. If such
a combination can be formed the Building
Trades Council, with its affiliated unions,
will, no doubt, become a part of the con
tracting element.
Considerable of the session was occupied
in preparing the specifications to be for
warded to the National Executive Board,
showing the condition of the carpenter
unions of this City.
The report was mad<> that fourteen men
called out on strike recently are receiving
benefits from the fund. They are allowed
?L a day after the first week. Messrs.
Ingles, Cornell and Behnke were ap
pointed as an arbitration committee to
straighten out difficulties between em
ployers and journeymen. The letters read
last evening show that although $'250 was
sent and $1000 promised more can be ob
tained if necessary.
The movement of the Building Trades
Council to enforce the working-card and
insist upon all union men getting standard
wages bids fair to be a success.
Within the past three days several
mixed jobs have been straightened out.
Blake, McNeil ifc Co., who are construct
ing the bicycle track on Sixteenth and
Folsom streets, have promised Bchadt that
none but union men snail be employed
there.
A strike was ordered at noon yesterday
on the Bucher job on Lyon and McAllister
streets. Carpenters, plasterers and metal
roofers were called out. At 1:30 o'clock
the contractor promised to pay union
wages and unionize the job and the ruen
went back to work.
CONFESSES TO MURDER.
Startling Statements Made in a
Letter Received by the
Coroner.
The Writer Says There Is Due Him
Nearly Ha'f a Bllion
Dollars.
Coroner Hawkins has received a letter
from a man signing himself Colonel Ste
phen Halliday Henderson, in which he
makes some ai.irtling statements. He
admits the murder of two women, Mr?.
Lottie Zittle and her sister, Miss Hattie
Attwater, on Isabella street, Fruitvale,
and while no credit is given Henderson's
raving 3 the Coroner thought well enough
of his "confession" to ask tne Oakland po
lice to inquire into the matter.
The letter states that he wns put in an
insane asylum i:i l.clfast, Ireland, by a
woman he shot at. a Miss Mary Ann Wade,
of Osmond road, Belfast. He further says
he worked for Mrs. Lottie Zittle of Isa
bella street, High-street Heights, near
Fruitvale, on a chicken ranch.
A tister of Mrs. Zittle's, Miss Hattie
Attwater, came to viait the ranch, and
Henderson says he killed them both be
cause they killed his cats and his horse.
He says he chopped their heads off last
Sunday, and the bodies can be found at
the ranch to verify bis statements. Pie
claims he has suits against the Govern
ments of the United States and England,
aggregating several million pounds ster
ling. He signed himself Colonel Stephen
Halliday Henderson, late H. M. Thirty
second Regiment of Foot, late H. Ib.
Fifth Regiment Middlesix Rifles, late
H. M. One Hundred and Twelfth Regi
ment Royal South Down Militia, Ireland.
Henderson is not known at the Palace
Hotel. Room !»0, which he claims to oc
cupy, is assigned to another person. Mr.
Waggoner, whose name is referred to in
the letter, is secretary of W« H. Martin &
Co. Mr. Waggoner said he knew Hender
son, and that for fancied wrongs the latter
had frequently threaiened to kill him.
He thinks the man is insane and c^oes not
believe the statement concerning the mur
der of the two Oakland women.
A bride in Montreal appeared at the
altar with her pet canary fastened to her
shoulder by a golden chain. During the
marriage ceremony the bird broke into
Hong.
NEW TO-DAY.
Quit
Guessing
about your shoes buy
shoes thatare KNOWN
to be good, known to
wear well, look well
and keep their shape.
! We mean
1 BUCKINGfIAN
■&wm
California made Shoes,
> known for half a cen-
| tury by every Catlfor-
nian. Get them at
I Kast's
738-740 Market St.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
— OJT THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
Y EN UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
RAILROAD IRAVEi;
loitTn PACIFIC COOT RAILROAD
(Vi» Snusallto Ferry).
From Saa Francisco, com men. Ing March 29, 188 8.
WEEKDAYS. "
For Mill Valley »nd i-*n Kafael -7:CO. *B^oo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: "IUBi 3:iO, 4:15,
6:16. *6:OD. 0:35*. M.
Extra trips for San Kafa«>l on Mondays, W cane»
day* and Saturday* at 11:30 P. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San llarael-»«:00 f *9:00.
•10:00. 11:80 a. v. ;• Sj. *1 :30. *2:15. *4:00,
5:30, 6:45. 8:30 p. v. t.xira trip to Sautalltoat
11:00 a. v. '
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. ••13:80
T. M. does not rnn to Mill Valley. . . :
THROUGH TBAINS.
1 : 1 5 p. M. weekday*— Cazadero and way stations.
8:00 a. it. stiminys— (°H7»ileio and way stations.
9:00 a. m. •Mjti'i.^-.-i'oiui Itejea ana we v station*
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
NEW DRESS GOODS AND SILKS
li L fW UnLuu uUUUu nllU ulLlAu
AT
EXTREMELY INDUCIVE PRICES
Below are A FEW SAMPLE ITEMS TAKEN AT RANDOM showing the
POWERFUL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED THIS WEEK throughout our
peerless display of New Sprlnj? Styles and Novelties in Dress Fabrics,
To fully appreciate the UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY PRESENTED, the
SUPERIOR STYLES AND QUALITIES offered should be seen, hence wo
particularly invite their inspection, knowing that they are
Bargains All Will Recognize
the Importance of Profiting By.
COLORED DRESS GOODS
-A.* 25 Cents.
1 case 36-INCH NOVELTY SCOTCH PLAI©S, former price 50c, will be closed out at
26c a yard.
-A-t 38 Cents.
2 cases 36-INCH ALL-WOOL BOURETTE PLAIDS, in gray, tan and blue mixtures,
former price 50c, will be closed out at 35c a yard.
At OS Coxa.ts.
lease 51-INCH PINHEAD CHECK SUITINGS, former price 50c, will be closed out
at 35c a yard.
2 cases 51-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL SCOTCIfIIEATHER SUITING, in plaid and
2 cases 51-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL SCOTCH HEATHER SUITING, in plaid and
mottled effects, former price 75c, will be closed out at 40c a yard.
. .A.* SO Cents.
3 cases 44-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL ENGLISH DIAGONAL NAVAL SERGE,
former price 75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
j£±jt SO Cents •*"> Ynrcl.
20 pieces BLACK CRYSTAL BENGALINE SILK, regular price 75c, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
.A-t 55 Cents » *3Z"a:c*cl.-
-60 pieces FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, regular price 85c,
will be closed out at 55c a yard. .
7S Cents a, "5T«.:rc3L«
50 pieces FANCY ARMURES AND BENGALINE SILK, extra heavy quality, regu-
lar price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
jAjt &3L.00 a Yard.
30 pieces BLACK BROCADED AND FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, regular price
$1 35, will be closed out at $1 a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS
-A-t 25 Cents.
lease 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, extra good value for 40c, will be
sold at 25c a yard.
At SO Cents.
2 cases 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 75c, will be sold at 50c a
yard.
_^t 75 Cents.
2 cases 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FANCY SCOTCH CHEVIOT, extra good value
for $1, will be sold at 75c a yard.
>■ At SI. OO.
1 case 48-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIR, actual value $1 50, will De sold at $1
a yard.
SPECIAL PURCHASE!
About 450 pairs FINE PURE WOOL WHITE BLANKETS (slightly imperfect),
bought at a nominal price, to be sold this week at far less than mill cost. They com-
prise]! cradle, crib, cot, single bed to the extra size blanket*.
t(S- OUR NEW CATALOGUE is now being distributed to COUNTRY RESI-
DENTS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
I Bilk MURPHY BUILDING*, /
(/(/ Mil Street corner of Jn& /
&JBLKT FZIAM-OZfiOO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.*
SMFMNCISCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tib ii ran Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. k.: 12:33,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. M.
SUNUAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. it.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 A. m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios'
at 1 :55 p. M. and 6:35 P. it. n
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:3i>, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
.Leave InenWt Arrive
Ban Francisco. A prii 2 San Francisco,
Wekk I Sun- i >e3 l if^.f,- iou Sox- I Wkkk
Days. I days, **»»«"» ion. days. | D a vs. ,
7:30 am am Novato, 10:40 am ■ H4) am'
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:30 pm 6:15 i-m
I Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:10 AM
Tlealdsburg,
| Geyser ville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdule. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta, , I
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 tm| 6:15 pm
7:30 am ( 10:10 am
1 7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I j 1 6:15 pm
7:30 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 6:00 1-m and 6:05 pm 6:15 PM
\ Glen KUen.
7:30 am, 7:30 AMI ph fonn , 110:40 10:10 AM
3:30 pm [s:oo pm l Sebostopol. | c . 05p;tI i 6;15
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs:'. at Geyservllle for &ka*gs Springs; at
Cloverdaln for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Ketsey ville. Soda Bay and Laki-por:; at
Hopland for Lakpport and Unrtlett Springs: at
I'kiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Luxe, l'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day > Llerley's, Bncknell's, Sanhed-
rln Heights, Gravelly Valley, Bonneville. Green-
wood, Orrs Hot springs. Jlendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets. Cahto, Covelo.
Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rate*. ■ . :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Omces. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. It X.RYAN.
Uen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Pacific
RAILItOAI) '
Trains leave from aad arrive <fi\ r Qk.^ :^l2j'^3
M. Market -Street Tony. '^fcSgS^oUTtj
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P- D i re< * n H«
Leaves every day at 5 T. *.. carrying Poll .man
Palace Sleepers and. Tourist Sleepers to >- »"<-»«•
via Kansas city without change. Annex cars tor
Denver and St. .Louis. . m .. M .-. r=r%
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train. Daily, with Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best . railway from California to the l.vat.
New rails, new lies; no dust: interesting sceneryj
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or uiai«a-
•an.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
. Cnmuitde BitiUUaSt .
RAILROAD TRAVEL'
SOUTHER* PACIFIC COXPAHT.
• ■  . (PACIFIC .SYSTEM.)
Train* leave anil lire line to arrive aft
SAN I'It XX CISCO.
leaj-b — From May 3, 1896. — arrivb
" •0:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations.. . 8:43 a
T:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogileu and East.. 8:45*
i :UUa Ueulcia, Vacaville, Itumsey. Sacra- ■.-<-■■-■
men to, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Bosa 6:13p
8:30 a Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysTillo, Red Bluff
ami Sundays cicepted Oroville. . . . 4ilSp
•S:SOa Peters and Milton # 7:iap
9:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton lOUBa
9:00 a Vallejo 6:15r
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livcrmore »:45a
*l:00p Sacramento Itiver Steamers »O:OOp
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43r
4:«0p Martinez, Kail Uaraon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa •: 1 3 a
*:••* Benida, VacarDle, Woodland,
Knight* Landing, MarysTllle,
< >roville and Sacramento 1«;45*
4jSop Kilos, San Jose, Llveruicro and
Stockton 7:13*
4:lOp Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yoseoite) and Fresno 11;4A».
B:Mp Now Orleans Kxpress.Vresno.Bakers- ;. ;-■
_ field. Santa narb.ira.Los Angeles,' ■' - ':']
, i Derojue, 121 Paso, New Orleans and
- East:... l«il«A
SiOOr Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East..... 1O:1»a
S:««p Vallejo 11:45*
- 6:OUp Kuropeau Mail, Ogden and East.... . 9<4.1a.
6:00p llaynarils, Niles aud Jose 7:45*
:7:«O v Vallejo f7:43r
7:UOr Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
vilie, Redding, Portland, Pnget
Sound and East 1«»4»A..
A MIA t:UUZ I>l VISION (.Narrow fctanjtc).
J7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations $B;Mp
8:1 3 a Ne\Tark,Centerville,San.Tose.Felto!i, -
• Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ii3tr
•2:15p Newark. Centerfille, San Jose, Neir
Almadcn, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...... «II:eOA
4:1 !>p Newark. San Jose and 1.03 (Jatoa.... 9t3>A
COAST DIVISION (Third & Townwml St«.)
•U:4»A Han Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *1:45p
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
hi-.:U Cruz, Pacific Gro»e, and
Principal Way Stations - 18:Mp
8:13 a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz, ' - -.-*-■
l\»cilic Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Lob Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05 p
:9:47A Palo Alto and Way Stations t»:4!Jp
IO:I(>.\ San Joso and Way Stations 5:00p
11:13 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:30r San Jose, Gilroy, Tre3 Pinos. Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey and Pacilio
Grove '16:40 a
•a:UOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a,
*4:30 i" San Joae anil Way Stations.... *8:0Ga
3:30p San Joso and Way Stations »B:4Sa
O:3Op San Jose and Way Stations C:33a.
tll:4.~it> San Jose and Way Stations f7:lßp
' MAB LKAMJKO AM> HAVWAUUs LOCAL.
i=G:OOA I '■ ~ ? 7:13 a
S:OUa (<>: l.-> a
»S:SBt Melr^SealiuryF.rk, s«:|gt
'"loop Fitchbnr^SMLeMdro «:«£
«:00p aB 4 4:4Sp
4:00 pr ' 5:43p
5:30p ■■JWWO. 7 . 13p
7:l»Op S:4sp
«:OOp i Runs through to Nflei. lolsop
H»l:lsp>> « from Jules. j ttl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.'ronSAK FiIISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 ' 9:CO 11:00 A.M. J1:00 *S:3O {3:00
•4:00 16:00 »6:oar.H.
Foot orßroadw»T._ *6:00 8:00
10.-OOa.m. tl2:00 »1:00 ' t2:00 *3:00 ' Ji:00
*S:QOr.M. -.■'■■■■' ._ r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sundays excepted. ■'. - t Saturdays only.
■ ■ • - t Sundays only.
.. i i Monday. Thursday and Saturday nishts only. _
910
DEAN'S FRIENDS
FROM HEW JERSEY.
They Were Arrested by
the Police in Newark
Yesterday.
SECRECY IS EXPLAINED.
Charles Becker and James Cree
gan Wanted for the Nevada
Bank Forgery.
EXTRADITION PAPERS READY
Detectives Seymour and Whittaker
Will Start To-Night to Bring
the Crooks Here.
The two men who were indicted by the
Grand Jury J;sst Friday and about whom
bo much secrecy was maintained were
arrested yesterday morning in Newark,
N. J., and Detectives Seymour and Whit
taker will leave to-nipht with the neces
sary papers for their extradition.
Tbe men are Charles Becker and James
Creegan, both known to the police of two
continents as the princes of forgers. They
were indicted last Friday for the forgery
of the $22,000 check on December 17 last
on the Neviula Bank and for which A. H.
l>eau is now in the City Prison awaiting
trial.
Speaking of the matter yesterday after
noon Captain Lees said: ''Becker and
Creegan fled from here on December 18 to
New York. Ever since then, in conjunc
tion with the Pinkertons and the Bankers'
Protective Association at its heaquarters
in New York, I have been endeavoring at
this point to collect sufficient evidence to
procure that indictment. I succeeded and
the result was the finding oi the indict
ment.
"Any previous publications on the mat
ter baveoeen made without mv knowledge
or consent in any shape or form, and were
against the interests of public justice. It
was absolutely necessary that these two
nun should be arrested before any knowl
edge tnat they weru indicted and to be
arrested could reach them, and I was fear
ful by reason of these publications that
we should not cet them. In f>ict they did
Hoe from their usual haunts in Brooklyn
to Ni'W Jersey, and there concealed them
selves.
"It required the utmost efforts of the
PinKertons and the consolidated banks to
catch them. They had all preparations
made to flee from New Jersey, by way of
Montreal or Quebec, to Europe. Every
et'fqrt was made, and with success, to pre
vent that and arrest them before their
llight.
■I am fully satisfied that if the publica
tion here had been repeated in the New
York papers, so that the two men could see
them, the efforts to arrest them would not
have succeeded. The parties in New York
seemed to have more influence with the
papers there than I have with the papers
here, as they succeeded in keeping the As
sociated Press dispatches from being pub
lished by direct intercession with the
papers, and the result is the arrest of the
two men.
•■1 have been assisted in my efforts by
Detectives Seymour and Wbittaker. and
desire to give them credit for what they
have done."
A large amount of telegraphic corre
spondence has passed between Captain
Lees and the Pinkertons in regard to the
arrest of Becker and Creegan. They were
arrested in Philadelphia two or three
weeks ago and the money, $W4O, found
upon them was attached and Captain Lees
will bring suit for its recovery.
Yesterday morning the captain was de
iighted to receive a dispatch iroin Robert
A. Pinkerton, New York, as follows:
"Have just caused arrest of Becker and
Creegan in Newark, who are being held by
the police, but may be discharged unless
we can show some authority for their ar
ri -st. The men had money and had em
ployed attorneys."
The captain at once sent a reply that the
two men had been indicted by tbe Grand
Jury and tbe extradition papers were be
lnggot ready. He had also requested the
District Attorney to communicate with
the District Attorney at Newark, and
asked that the men be held till the officers,
arrived with the papers. The captain also
wired to Henry Hopper, Chief of Police of
Newark, to hold the men at all hazards,
and received a reply that they had been
committed in default of $15,000 bail for
examination on May 20. By that time
Seymour and Whittaker will be there with
the necessary papers. Governor Budd,
who is in the City, promised to telegraph
to Governor Griggs of New Jersey to issue
the necessary extradition documents.
Captain Lees emphatically denied that
anything was discovered from Dean regard
ing Becker and Creegan's complicity in the
Neyada Bank forgery. It was not true
that Dean had "squealed." The captain
and the Pinkertons had their suspicions
from the start as to the identity of the
two men and had been working hard since
then to confirm their suspicions. Although
the captain declined to say whether or not
Becker had l>epn the author of the clever
forgery on the Ix>ndon and San Francisco
Bank about four years ago it is believed
that he was the man. He is wanted for
forgeries in other places also.
Becker is accredited with being the
prince of forgers. He is an engraver by
trade, and at onetime was employed by
the American Bauk Note Company. He
is about 50 years of age and a married
man. He has served two terms in hh life
time—one for forging a lCMHMranc note on
the Bank of France, the plate for which lie
engraved himself.
He got six years and six months for this
crime in Kings County Penitentiary, N.
Y. Previous to that he had been con
victed at Smyrna, Ky., of a large number
of forgeries of letters of credit. His com
panions in crime in Smyrna were ivan
Siscovitch. Joe Riley, alias Joe Elliott,
and Joe Chapman. While in prison there
they broke jail and made their escape with
the exception of Chapman, whom the
otbers deserted. After dodging the police
for some time Becker. Liscovltch and
Kiley succeeded in escaping in a small
sailing vessel and arrived in London, Eng
land.
They went to lodge with Joe Chapman's
wife at Chelsea, near London, and she was
found murdered one morning in her house.
The London police believed that Sisco
vitch murdered her an<l stole her jewelry.
He fled to the United Siates, and the
London police issued a large circular
about the murder and offering a reward
for Siscovitflh • arrest.
In April, '!B7S, Captain Lees went from
here to Cincinnati on receipt of a telegram
that two mon had been arrested there. He
identilied Siscovitch, and be got twelve
years in the penitentiary. The Scotland
Yard authorities did not "want him, as the
evidence against him was but slim.
Creegan is a bachelor. lii company with
Jim Parrel 1, John Flanigan and John
Gilbert, alias W. Galbraitb, all well-known
forgers, he was arrested in Baltimore, Md.,
under the name of James Russo, for forg
ing a check on the Merchants' National
Bank for $270. He was convicted on Feb
ruary 3, 1885, and got tt years and six
months. Subsequently he and Jim Far
JAMES CREEGAN. CHARLES BECKER.
roll were arrested in New York on April
IS, 18U0, and discharged afterward.
CAUGHT IN NEWARK.
How the New Jersey Police Made I
the Arrest.
The following telegram from Newark
was received last evening:
NEWARK, N. J.. May 13.— Five months'
work by several Pinkerton detectives un
der the direction of the American Bank
ers' Association culminated this afternoon
in the arrest in this city by Policeman
Loft us at Market and Broad streets of
Charles Becker and James Cretan, the
leaders of the ouartet of swindlers who
last Eecember 'obtained $20,000 in gold
from the Nevada Bant of San Francisco
on a check which they had raised from
$22 to $22,000 under the name of A. H.
Holmes. One of the gang, believed to be
Becker, had posed in San Francisco as a
broker.
Pinkerton's men were at once put to
work, and detectives and police depart
ments ail over the country were notified.
Two weeks ago the men were spotted in
Philadelphia, and were arrested. They
employed a sharp lawyer who, though
they were held five days, secured their re
lease before the necessary information to
warrant the police in holding them could
be obtained. The men separated in Phil- |
adelphia, and for several days alt trace of
them was lost. Becker was finally located
in Brooklyn, but he kept under cover un
til Sunday, when one of the Pinkerton
men saw him at Coney Island and fol
lowed him to this city. Becker went this
morning to the Park House, where Cregan
was stopping, and when they emerged the
pair were followed and arrested.
Becker's object in coming to this city !
was to assist in recovering from the Phila
delphia police $1200 which was taken from
them when they were arrested there.
Cregan had a typewritten affidavit pre
pared which he had signed and to which
Becker was to affix his signature in the
presence of a notary. They were on their
way to the notary's office when arrested.
Cregan attempted to drop the envelope,
but was prevented from doing so by De
tective Failon, who with four other Pinker
tons was in at the arrest. .
At the arrest Cretan pretended to be in
dignant and was about to resist. The
Pmkertons closed in and Loftus threat
ened to crack his head with a blackjack,
so he went quietly to police headquarters.
When they were searched about $100 worth
of jewelry was found on them. Becker had
about $150 in money and Cregan had a
$1000 bill and twelve $100 bills concealed
about his underclothes, and in his trousers'
lining he also had enough loose money to
mate up $2307 so.
When arraigned before Judge Mott late
this afternoon they would say nothing.
Ex-Senator M. T. Barrett appeared for
them. He demanded that they be ac
corded an examination on the ground that
their identity is a matter of grave doubt,
as they have not admitted that they are
the men wanted in San Francisco.
The examination will be held next j
', Wednesday. Meanwhile they are being j
confined in the Essex County jail under j
.$15,000 bail each pending the arrival of of
ficers and extradition papers from Califor
nia, where they were indicted last week.
Austin Van Gieson, the local representa
tive of the American Bankers' Association,
has already taken steps to -attach the
money and jewelry taken from the pris
oners. The Pinkerton men say there is no
! doubt about the identity of Becker and«
Cregan with the Nevada Bank swindle.
The Newark police last night received a
telegram from the San Francisco police re
questing that Becker and Cregan be held
at all hazards, and stating that officers have
already started for Newark with extradi
tion papers. A telegram was also re
ceived by Governor Griggs of New Jersey
laet nipht from the Governor of California
requesting that papers be granted in New
Jersey. Prosecutor Crance of Newark j
also received telegraphic notice from the j
prosecutor of San Francisco explaining
the above facts and asking that he, too, j
aid in having Becker and Cregan neld un
til the California officers arrive.
STRANGLED AND ROBBED
Mrs. Mary Crowley Almost
Choked Into Insensibility
by Frank Neil.
She Was Rescued in Time by a
Special Officer, Who Placed
Neil Under Arrest.
Mrs. Mary Crowley, who lives at 812
Jessie street, was strangled and robbed by
Frank Neil, a young man 24 years of age,
who gives his occupation as an oiler, at an
early hour yesterday morning.
Mrs. Crowley had been visiting her sis
ter-in-law, and on her way home went into
the grocery on the corner ol fSightb and
Clementina streets about 1 o'clock yester
day morning and had a glass of beer. She
met Neil there and he said he would see
her home. They left the grocery about
2 o'clock, and when they reached Carlo
mine street, a small alley running off Fol
som street, between Ninth and Tenth,
Neil snatched her purse out of her pocket,
grabbed her by the throat with both hands
and forced ncr to the ground. She
screamed with pain and fear and her
screams were heard by Special Officer
Seguine, who was not far away, and he ar
rested Neil.
On being searched at the police station
Mrs. Crowley's mirse, which contained
ii 75, was found in his pocket and he was
booked on the charge of robbery. Mrs.
Crowley was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. She was suffering intensely from
the pain in her throat and was expec
torating blood. Her lips were swollen and
she said Neil struck her on the mouth
while she was on the ground. Dr. Kinne
attended to her injuries and yesterday she
was able to leave the hospital. The marks
of Neil's fingers were plainly visible on
her throat. . She went before Judge
Joacbimsen and swore to a complaint
charging Neil with robbery.
Neil says he recently arrived from
Wyoming. He denies robbing Mrs. Crow
ley and says she nave him her. purse, but
he does not explain why he tried to
strangle her.
» ♦ »
The beginning of African slavery in this
country was in 1619, when twenty negroes
were brought from Africa to Virginia by a
Dutch' ship and sold to the colonies as
slaves.
XJIiC SA]N" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 189(5.
ON THE EVE OF A BOOM
Local Manufacturers Will Help
the Fiesta and Big
Fair.
TO HOLD BOTH TOGETHER.
The Association Will Adopt a Trade
Mark and Fight Convict-Made
Goods.
An important meeting of the directors
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation was held Tuesday, the principal
subjects under consideration being the
home-industry fair, the proposed fiesta
and the importation of convict - made
goods from the East. J. W. Kerr, A. Me-
Laughlin and J. P. Currie have been in
vestigating the latter subject and pre
sented the following report on their in
quiries:
The committee appointed by you to investi
gate the matter of eouvict-made goods do here
report: That in the course of this investiga
tion we have communicated with all branches
of trade in this Cttj, with the officials of our
State prison, with Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald and with many of the officers of other
States. We have also started investigation
through th; 1 various trades unions of this City,
who are deeply interested in this work. To
place before you all the information we hnve
received would in tike this report unnecessarily
voluminous. We lind that some of these Ptate
prisons are practically manufacturing villages,
in which arc niHde boots and shoes, clothing,
furniture, stoves, bicycles, harness, holloware,
in fact everything nearly in the line of mauu
facture is supplied from'these institutions.
As the result of our Investigation we find
convict-made goods from Eastern prisons and
from tne .State of Oregon are b^ing sold in this
market to such an extent that the growth of
our City nnd State is greatly retarded thereby
and the prosperity and standing of our mer
chandise and manufacturers seriously imper
; Ued. The true and permanent remedy for the
: evil lies In proper legislative action and, as
you are aware, this board has already moved
in that uirection. To look for a remedy from
this quarter alone meaus tedious work and de
lay on a matter which demands immediate
relief. We therefore recommend that efforts to
secure the desired legislation be pressed.
We furtner recommend as a means of secur
ing prompt relief that this association issue a
trademark for California tree-In oor goods, said
tra<iemark to be protected by the necessary
i safeguards, the right to use this trademark be
ing granted for Ruch time and under such pen
alties and conditions as will prevent an im
proper use of thu same.
In support ot tbe trade-mark idea we would
state that a large portion of our peop>le would
gladly discriminate in favor of the free-labor
I goods of the State, but are unable to do so by
] reason of the fact that the convict-made goods
i are being placed upon this market by firms of
j good repute, enjoying public confidence, who
dn not place any mark or brand upon such
goods, without the purchaser can distinguish
them from those made by free labor.
We would urge upon the association the
neeessUy for earnest work in this direction;
that the evil may be corrected, which your
committee believe is largely responsible for
the feeble condition of many of our manu
i facturing interests.
The proposition of adoping a trade
i mark for all home-made free-labor go'»ds
i was favorably considered, but laid over to
J the next meeting for final action.
The special committee appointed to co
operate with the Mechanics' Institute
trustee? in arranging fora home-industry
! exposition presented a short report upon
the progress made. The committee
) stated : "The matter of co-operating with
I the Mechanics' Institute in holding the
exposition will be completed by your board
appointing a committee of three to act in
conjunction with the committee of man
agement and exhibits of tne institute."
Chairman M. J. Keller appointed as the
comn.ittee J. W. Kerr. H. J. Crocker and
Manager S. H. Tacy. This makes tbe ar
rangements between the two organizations
complete and the work of preparation for
the fair will be begun at once.
The subject of the fiesta was introduced
in the report of Manager Tacy as follows:
An invitation was extended to this associa
tion to send a representative to attend a meet
ing at the Baldwin Hotel on the 11th mat. for
the purpose of discussing the advisability of
holding a carnival In this City. Representa
tives from a large number of the various or
ganizations in the City were present, your
manager representing this association. The
idea ot holding a grand carnival of some sort
ir> San Francisco was unanimously approved
of and a temporary committee of seventeen
was appointed to recommend a plan of perma
nent organization, programme of festivities
and a time for holding them.
Your manager (stated that while he could not
I speuk for your board, that, inasmuch as this
I associationand the Mechanics' Institute are to
| hold a grand home products exposition in this
City in September, no doubt your board would
approve ot and lend any assistance possible to
a project of that nature, provided it would be
held in September of this year.
As every effort of this association and the
Mechantcs' Institute will be made to make the
I exposition a notable event in the history oi
I expositions in this State, and inasmuch as a
j carnival or Uesta held at that time would at
■ tract a large number of persons to the City
: from all over the Coast, and would therefore
' afford the manufacturers and producers of Cnl
: itornia an exceptional opportunity to make
I known to the people of tlie Coast what they
, manufacture or produce, your manager would
recommend — if it meets your approval — that
your board take some action to-day endorsing
the proposition, that tbe sentiment of this as
sociation may be expressed to the temporary
I committee at Its meeting to be held on the
evening of the 14th ingt.
The members are heartily in favor of the
fiesta project and, without* doubt, will do
all possible to make it a success, but it wa.«
decided to leave this matter in the hands
of the committee, consisting of Messrs.
Kerr, Crocker and Manager lacy. There
was a strong desire to have it held at the
same time aB the home industry fair, be
cause it would induce thousands of people
to visit the City in order to kill two birds
with one stone, so to speak.
Six Men Utility Jlurned.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 13. — While
workmen were replacing an oil tank in the
iear of toe Imbecile Asylum to-day an ex
plosion occurred, in which six men were
horribly burned, two perhaps fatally. The
injured are Dr. G. A. Doren, Theodore
Lenz, Robert Joiner and Georpe Hunt.
The oil ignited from lanterns carried by
the men.
• — ♦ *
Premium on Sugar Export*.
BERLIN, Germany, May 13.— The
Keichstae, after a heated debate to-day,
adopted by a vote of 159 to 110 the proposal
to matte the premium on sugar exports
250 marks per 1000 kilogrammes.
LILLIAN ASHLEY'S
STORY TOLD,
Her Direct Examination
Ended Yesterday-
Morning.
THE VITAL aUESTION.
Judge Slack Ruled Out Inquiries
Regarding the
Child.
WANT MUCH GREATER SECRECY
Counsel Is Sure There Is a "Leak,"
as the News of the Trial
Is Being Told.
Miss Ashley was still on the stand when
court "closed yesterday afternoon. She
had finished her direct testimony and was
under Mr. Highton's cross-examination
when Judge Slack declared a recess.
The direct examination of the witness
finished yesterday morning and the only
significant lact was the action of the court
in sustaining the objection to a very per
tinent question put by Mr. Crittenden.
Crittenden asked the witness who was the
father of her child. At once both defendant's
counsel were on their feet. They objected
to the question because it was incompe
tent, irrelevant and immaterial; it was
untimely; it had no bearing on the case
and every section that could be brought to
support them, whether of code or constitu
tion, was cited. Judge Slack finally sus
tained the objection on the ground that it
was untimely. It will come up again,
however, and there will undoubtedly be a
row over it.
The cross-examination did not progress
very far. Air. Highton when court closed
for the afternoon had not yet finished his
questions as to how, when and where
Miss Ashley and Mr. Baldwin first met.
They met at the races in one of the East
ern circuits. Mr. Baldwin seemed much
pleased with the appearance of his new
friend and a strong friendship crew ur be
tween them. He said he would like to see
her in California, and she said she would
like to come to see him. There was little
said or done then that has much bearing
on the case now in court. They parted in
the East with only a mutual desire to be
friends and she promised to write to him
when they were separated.
The career of Miss Ashley in the East
will be more fully taken up as the cross
examination progresses, for the intention
of the defense is to prove that when Miss
Ashley came to California it was only
after at least one very questionable action
in the East.
A row occurred during the afternoon
over some questions which Mr. Highton
proceeded to put. He was accused of try
ing to anticipate in his cross-examination
matter wnich properly belonged to his
own case. In other words, of making
Miss Ashley his own witness for the time
being. Words were loud and long, and
musty tomes were raked out of the law
library; but his objectionable questions
were not allowed, and so the case pro
ceeded.
Counsel for both sides are somewhat
mystified and considerably agitated over
the fact that closed doors in a legal sense
are no bar to the transmission of news.
They found fault with the newspaper re
ports because they were not so full or ac
curate as they would have been had re
porters been allowed to be present; and
they were loud in the assertion that there
must be a "leak" somewhere. They
wanted the doors closed against attorneys
who came in with orders to be signed, and
deputies from tne clerk's office who came
on errands, but Judge Slack refused to
seal his courtroom in any such manner.
He is Presiding Judge of the Superior
Court, and he has other things besides the
Ashley-Baldwin case before him. Counsel
is still hunting for the leak, but to prevent
further news from getting out each man in
the court was, yesterday, obligated to ab
solute secrecy.
MAY BOYCOTT TWO LINES
The Traffic Association Deter
mined to Fight for Utah
Trade.
W. B. Curtis Will Go to Denver in
the Interest of San Francisco
Merchants.
The Traffic Association of California has
determined to make a fight to the end for
Utah business. In the interest of. San
Francisco merchants the association lias
concluded that nothing should be left un
done to secure for them their rights in
competition with Chicago and St. Louis
shippers. All this was decided at a meet
ing of the executive committee yesterday
at 214 Pine street. >
B. F. Dunham of the Dunham, Hayden,
ITEW ■ TO-PAT.
DOCTOR SWE ANY, 1
WELL KNOWN BY HIS LONG RESI-
» » clence and successful . practice : on the
Pacific Coast, guarantees a prompt and
perfect cure of every case he • undertakes.
Thousands of genuine testimonials/on tile
in his private office. Poor treated / free on
Friday afternoons.
MJKVOUS DEBILITY, weakness of Bex-
ual organs, log manhood, night emissions, ex-
hausting drains which unfit one for study, busi-
ness or marriage, treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Get cured and be a man. -
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
sexual diseases of every eort, blood, skin and
constitutional diseases, rupture, piles, varico-
celeand hydrocele quickly cured without pain
or detention from business.
WRITE nt once if living out of the city.
Thousands cured at home. Book on Special
Diseases sent free. ■>•-.:
Office hours— U a. m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to
8 p.m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
F. 1.. SWEANt. M.D.,
737 Market Street, S. r\, Cal.
Carrigan Company occupied the chair,
and several other prominent houses were
represented by those present.
The principal business considered was
the standing of San Francisco with regard
to Utah trade. There was no discussion
on the proposition tuat two railways— the
Union Pacific and the Rio Grande West
ern, had discriminated against this City in
favor of St. Louis, Chicago, etc. Every
member of the committee was satisfied
that decisive measures should be taken in
the matter, and it was unanimously de
cided to send Traffic Manager W. B. Curtis
to Denver to attend a meeting in that city,
May 24, at which the subject "will be taken
up. Mr. Curtis will go as the representa
tive of the Traffic Association, and armed
with documents to prove the claim that
the two Western railways are not acting
(airly toward San Francisco.
Curtis will hold that the basis of rates
on which the Southern Pacific aims to do
business in Utah is just. That company
isnotasKing 100 much, but only what is
just and equitable when demanding a rate
based on the mileage between all points of
shipment, whether San Francisco, Chicago
or Mississippi River cities, to common
points in Utah. The Traffic Association
will hold that the Western roads should
agree on a basis that would permit the
Central Pacific to go into Utah common
points with California shipments.
"We feel confident," remarked Mr. Cur
tis, "that if these two lines should lose on
westbound business they would lose far
and away more than what they make in
this unfair discrimination aeainst us."
"Do you mean by that that a threat is
implied?"
"Oh, no; we don't want to threaten."
The traffic manager appeared reserved,
but his voice suggested more than he said.
It is not at all probable that if the Union
Pacific and Rio Grande Western refuse to
come to terms regarding Utah business
they will be boycotted by many of the
largest shippers in San Francisco in the
matter of shipments from the East.
NEW TO-DAY.
In Spring Time
take that which will
build up the tissues and
supply force to the
muscular, digestive and
nervous systems* If
you are thin, without
appetite, pale because
of thin blood, or easily
exhausted, why further
weaken the body by
using tonics? Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites is what you need*
Cod-liver Oil is a food*
It produces force and
builds up the system in
a substantial way*
The Hypophosphites
give strength to the
nerves* Better appe-
tite, richer blood and
healthy flesh come to
stay*
?' TIIFOnRV "ifc^ :
rtl |fr]^lp 3 ife^H- At 12 o'Clock Noon at Salesroom, mJI *b (t^ tj*j * X!^.
111 A . a . . 638 MARKET STREET tit A . A . • ~
At Auction B y oraero, th e At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
BUSINESS LOTS
Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets.
I - : ' -■! -■*"-.'•
N A TOM A STREET.'
~ 100 25 2(T~26 100 >»-.■. i 137:6 137:6 17 «
•«; . 6. : : is'--- S - " — __J_ -
: -7 — ■ '■ — S 6 16 £
g 6 18 17 16 14 g — *
z '' : -, => ' ' s » . .is 3
g 4 xx . . 13 • « • : _ : ■ __f!
?! « 4 100 14 o
.iS ■ 3 is «• — _ : £ 2 : ?
M i — i ■ 5 — — 5- *■ ! |- . s is o g- «
Kg 2 S -g . -.vii :r; « 5 _* ; : - ; a
S 7 8 9- —^ §":§ 2 89 10 ia . g >
m 7 8 9 E g| a Mm • rJ Pj
E H V 10 ox « — — : - «a
"I 100 25 25 25 100 I' ; » "1 IS 25 25 « ;
—-———_-———__—_————————————____———_————_____________________ S> Xj JO JJ OS
HOWARD STREET. ""^ T- "
~25 25 26 25 |26 3276 ; : " : ' ' '
2 H x
5 .. ' 664321?; ■ i.^Jji ■ ■ ■ 3
*s« S I
1 — '- '. ! * ____________________ — /' ' -■ ';
Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property. •
This property Is located In the present err owing business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section. '. . •; "" ■••
: Business men, capitalists, Invostorsand speculators should examine this property, for It certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for. one and all to obtain a large peroentum on the capital they may Invest. _. . .
One-fourth cash, balance In 1, 2 and 3 years. interest 7 per cent per annum. . >:X"-^ .'."-' i. ',"
N. B.— California Title Insurance and Trust Company will Issue a policy of Insurance to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot lot.
; I»liO-B SALE.
Easterly line of South Park, 143 feot southwest of Second Street. Two houses, Nos. 61 and 70, about 6
rooms each, with cottage In roar of No. 70. House and lot No. 61 Is 22 by about 130 feet. House and lot No. 7O
Is 18 by about 12Ofeet, with cottage In rear.; The property will be sold as an entirety or In the two subdivisions.
Handsome park in front of the property. TERMS— CASH. Subject to approval of Superior Court.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
• 688 MARKET eTREET.
KEW TO-PAT.
What
Style !
What taste, what pretty effects, what
tasteful and unique designs are shown in
the line of '96 Standard Outing and Per-
cale Shirts. Have you seen them ?
*'I TRADE I 1
N.B.
I MARK I
/?VvV
§J W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN. INCI.ri).
\n% all forms of Blood. Skin and .Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over •JO years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROKCOK MoSU'LTV. M. !>.,
2»'> Kearny Street, San I'ranclKo, Cnl.
W. J. DINGEE,
Keal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
460-463 Eighth Street, Oakland,
In conjunction with
J at AUCTION
SATURDAY MAY 16, 1896
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises,
Sear Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
AND FRONTING
College, Benvenne and Hillegass Ate-
nueH, Parker and Derby Streets,
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IN THE WELL-KNOWN
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences in this
city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of tbe first-class busi-
ness men of Nan Francisco, the professors of the
.Stale University and the best citizens of Berkeley;
but 1 block from Dwight Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwijjht Way
steam station: commands the finest view obtain-
able of the Uoldcn Gate, Marln County hills, the
bay and the City of San Francisco. The streets
are In perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded and wat r-plped; all the street
work is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. Public and Drivate schools neat
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal — Only one-
fourth cash; balance in 1, 2 and 3 year*.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Francisco take the Berkeley train,
get off at Dwight Way, walk up same to Hlllegass
avenue.
From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car. get off at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or Grove-street electne car. get off at Dana or
Dwight streets, walk east two minutes.
For catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
638 Market street, San Francisco.
OrffM. J. DINGEK, Real Estate Auctioneer, i
4BU and 462 Eighth street, Oakland.
A. H. BREED & CO.. 460 Ninth st, Oakland.
BERRY & BANGS. 120 Sutler St., San Francisco.
NEW TO- DAT. I '
STATEMENT
OF THE
• CONDITION AND ; AFFAIRS
OF THE •
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE IMRAKK COMPASY
OF MILWAUKEE, IN THE STATE OF Wis-
consin, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1895, and for the year ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stale of
California, pursuant to the requirements of section
613 of the Political Code of said State. 6
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by
thpeompany .". »1,400,88S 15
Amount of loans secured by bond '
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,112 24
Cash loans to policy-holders on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral 1,948,050 00
Premium notes and loans in any .; <.;
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company. . . 12,635,201 08
Amount of cash on band in com-
pany's otHce 97,169 05
Amount of cash deposited in banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued " 1,30:2,318 08
Rents due and accrued 8,987 71
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums ••• 1.481,470 74
Total assets $82,902,339 M
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, .due anil un-
paid 65,216 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but cot
dii£ B 2H2, 359,^7
Claims resisted by the company 43,844 99
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experi-
ence tables of mortality ,',with 4
per cent interest .' 66,804.572 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders 94,740 97
All other demands against the com-
pany 108,094 01
Total liabilities $66,388,828 38
INCOME. "~
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year. $1,679,149 92
Cash received ior renewal of pre-
miums during the year ...:. 11,990,630 79
Cash received for sale of annuities. 6,'-'9l 9?
Cash received for interest 3,837,791 50
Cash received torrents.... 109,642 23
Cash received from all other
sources 27,269 41
Total income $17,550,775 82
EXPENDITURES.""
Paid for losses and matured en-
dowments $3,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants. 2,554 -t5
Paid for surrendered policies 872.671 38
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296.894 65
Commissions paid to agents 1,543,571 52
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners... 806.196 26
Salaries and traveling expenses of . • ■
managers of agencies | 899 91
Medical examiners' fees ana sal- . .
aries 119,691 15
Cash paid for taxes 194,323 73
Cash paid torrents 000 00
All other cash payments ;■...:.. ■ 782,119 16
Total expenditures during the •
year £8,656,662 42
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
i premium obligations at
beginning of the year. . .$467,540 42
Premium notes and other -"- i ;
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. . 89,664 «0
—$557,206 02
Deductions during the year as follows
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In payment ■ ! y:...
of losses and claims $22,756 17
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga- .
tions used in purchase i .
of surrendered policies. 10,436 31
Amount Of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of dividends to'policy-
holders 66,639 64
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse of i V-
policies 13,780 90
'Amount of notes and .-- .
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker in cash 25,290 16
Total reduction of
premium note account.. $138,903 1%
H. L. PALMER, President.
J. W. SKINNER, secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist day
of February, 1896.
C. A. PRIDE, Notary Public
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. .Residence 1620
Fell st. Telephone.- "Pine" 2591.ODD FELLOWS IN
LIVELY SESSION
Grand Masters Salary In
creased to $1500 Yes
terday.
REBEKAH CONSTITUTION
The Grand Lodge Makes Ooe Im
portant Change in That
Article.
GRAND WARDEN CANDIDATES.
Strong but Friendly Rivalry as to
to Who Shall Fill That Office
for Next Year.
Despite the fact that the preceding even
ing was spent iv convivialities, the dele
gates to the Forty-fourth annual conven
tion of the Grand Lodge of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows of California
were up yesterday morning at an early
hour to enjoy the brigut, warm sunshine
and talk over the affairs of the organiza
tion with fellow-menibera prior to the
day's session.
At 10 o'clock, the regular hour appointed
for the morning meetings. Odd Fellows'
building was thronged with delegates and
members, gayly bedecked with theiusipnia
of the order, lv their character of a foster
ing parent, the gentlemen alternated be
tween Assembly and Memorial halls, the
latter being the meeting-place of the
Daughters of Rebekah.
Just as the Grand Lodge was called to
order Past Grand Master S. E. Moreland,
spokesman for the Alameda delegation.
rote from ti is seat and stepped forward
with a large, beautiful bouquet of roses in
a curiously wrought vase of antique de
sign, Wbicb tie presented to Grand Master
Gosbey with an eloquent speech in recog
nition of his efforts for the welfare of the
body of which he had been the head for a
year.
The grand master was evidently deeply
touched by this tribute to his integrity
and efficiency and made a feeling speech,
t harming the Alumeda delegation warmly
for their kindness and forethought.
The major part of the time devoted to
the morning's session was taken up by
the reports of standing committees. -
The committee on correspondence made
a very full statement of the conditions of
the order throughout both the old and
the new worlds. In part it reads as fol
lows: y
We have carefully examined Die latest re
ports at hand mid find thai with a very lew
exceptions come reports from all parts of the
Tinted States and ninny ol the foreign juris
dictions of stagnation in business and depre
ciation in values, which .no doubt has been
the means of retarding the progress of Odd
Fellowship to a greater extent this year than
for many years past, vet it is pleasing to note
that in nearly all the reports are words of
cheerfulness and encouragement such as ema
nate only iroi/j those who have been thor
oughly Imbued with a proper, conception of
their capabilities for good.
Although the order has not made the growth
tutu it ha* in some years gone by, still it shows
« progressive spirit in making a net gain of
10,003 members in the jurisdiction of the
oiled. States and Canada and the Rebekah
lodges with a net cam of H1, 903 members in
the same jurisdiction.
While the order in the United States is mak
ing a very fair progress, th« reports as a whole
from the foreign jurisdictions are not encourug
lug.
Australasia— Report that owing to the un
satisfactory condition of trade they will show
an agcregttte los* of membership lor the past
year, but they ».re doing all in their power to
i^si't in a forward movement. New Zealand
is slowly Increasing its membership, and Tas
umiiia is about holding its own. The colony
of Queensland is on a good footing and hopes
boon to have its own grand lodge.
Chile— Reports from this once flourishing
jurisdiction are not encouraging, one lodge
haviru' surrendered its charter. They are,
however, hopeful that In the near future the
order may revive fgain.
Cuba— On account of the revolution that has
broken out on the island the Governor-General
lias issued a decree prohibiting all secret socie
ties irom assembling. We have no reports as
to their present standing, hut we all do know
the deplorable Condition of that beauti
ful island. It is a source of regret that
the seed of Odd Fellowship once sown
there should not have produced thousandfold.
And we hope that the time is not far off when
they will more fully realize the fact that,
Mrs. Marian Greenwood, Who Will Be Grand President of the Kcbckahs for tho
l issuing Year.
united as brothers, we bid defiance to all oppo
sition and triumph over the greatest difficul
ties.
France— Reports of the two lodges in this
jurisdiction show a membership lo?s of seven.
These two lodges are situated in Havre. They
nope to show better results next report.
Germany— The order generally is doing well.
Ua.y has opened a new field "ior our labors
in instituting Columbo Lodce No. 1, with
twenty-one irembers, at Naples.
Japan — No report to us; and in Mexico the
order is making no progress
Netherlands -The reports show the three
lodges in this jurisdiction in a healthy con
dition, with a fair gain in membership, while
in Peru they feel as though 11 is only a ques
tion of time when Odd Fellowship there will
be a thing of the past.
Sandwich Islands— ln this jurisdiction we
note a small loss in membership.
Sweden, Europe— The Grand Lodge of Sweden
was instituted by Brother Herman Block,
sge< iul deputy grand sire ior Europe, July 8,
1895 We believe that Odd Fellowship in
Sweden, as yet. is in its infancy, and that be
fore long v will be one of the most prosperous
jurisdictions In Europe.
Switzerland, Europe— The report «hows the
order in a good condition, with a steady in
crease in membership.
As this report is about (roini? to print we re
ceived the Journalof Proeeedingsof the t; rand
Lodge of Manitoba showing Rti increase of lea
lodges and 354 in membership.
The report of the committee on finance
was adopted, as well as that of the com
mittee on petitions. The report of the
latter contained a clause, introduced by
Representative Phelps of No. 282, asking
that an amendment be made to the con
stitution of subordidate lodges providing
that no saloon-keeper, bartender or pro
fessional gambler be eligible to member
ship. The clause was referred to the com
mittee on legislation.
The committee further recommended
that the grand master's salary be increased
from $1000 to $15W. The recommendation
was adopted unanimously.
A-resolution was entered providing that
the Grand Lodge present a veteran jewel
to all members of twenty-live years' stand
ing, but it was lost.
The county of San Mateo, which by
some oversight nad been omitted in last
year's list of districts, was given a place in
District No. v
It was denned inexpedient to print a
digest witn the copies of constitutions
and by-laws of the subordinate lodszes
hereafter issued, as an official digest will
i soon be prepared by the Grand Lodge, and
furnished as a separate volume.
The afternoon meeting was opened with
i an executive session, which lasted from 2
' o'clock, the hour of commencement, until
j a few minutes of 3. Some of the members
and delegates were unlucky enough to ar
• rive late and consequently had to btand
; round in the corridors disconsolate.
However, they managed to pass the
'.time discussine the prospects of candi
i dat-.»s for the various offices until the exec
utive session was over.
During this secret part of the afternoon
meeting Grand Representative Thompson
exemplified the unwritten work of the or
der for the benefit of the visiting delegates.
Those who were Jucky enough to hear it
expressed themselves as having received a
much better understanding of the work
, than heretofore.
The rest of the afternoon session wasde
j voted to the adoption of a constitution for
; the State Assembly of R<;bekaha. They
were formerly known when in conclave as
a convention and had a constitution for
j such a body; but the last act of the
I Grand Lodge during its forty-third an
i nual communication was to transform the
| body into an assembly. For that reason
! it was found necessary io alter the consti
l tution.
| Only one important change was made.
\\ hile the former constitution empowered
I the grand president to issue dispensations
i to the members of subordinate lodges to
appear in public in regalia, the latter
takes this authority away.
To offset this the grand president is
granted five new powers not possessed by
her heretofore.
The election of officers comes off to-day.
Though a great deal of interest is taken in
THJS SAJN jtkAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, HAY 14, 1896.
tiie election of all those officers who are
not to be advanced by precedent, such as
the office of grand master, which will be
occupied by Deputy Grand Master War
boys, by far t. c greatest amount of time
and attention is given to the grand warden
ship. There are no less than twelve can
didates in the field now and more to hear
from.
The reason for this, assigned by mem
bers lobbying for particular candidates, is
obvious. By precedent the grand warden
next nils the deputy grandmaster's chair,
and so comes at last to be the grand
master. The other offices are purely elec
tive and lead to nothing.
Perhaps the most prominent candidate
now in the field is J. L. Robinette of Sacra
mento. He has been an Odd Fellow for
twenty years and at present ia editor of
! the California Odd Fellow. Besides, his
following is increased by the fact that he
is not only a member of the grand Jodge,
j but also of Industrial Lodge No. 157, Occi
| dental Encampment No. 52, Canton Sacra
j mento No. 1, Rising Star Rebekah Lodee
No. 8, the Veteran Odd Fellows' Associa
tion, and is chairman of the general relief
committee.
Another prominent member whose card
is cut for grand warden is Karl C. Brueck
of Stockton. Though a member of only
nine years' standing, he lias held practi
cally every ottice in the subordinate
lodges, is on the committee of tegislation
in the Grand Lodge, and raneecona for the
grand wardenship last year, which will
place him in the line of progression.
For some reason or other the Alameda
contingent has never yet placed a member
in the candidacy for any of the Grand
Lodge offices. As the county has many
lodges and a large roll of members, the
delegates decided that they would not lag
this timt>, and placed T. E. Whitney of
Oakland forward. It is rumored that Mr.
Whitney had at least 150 votes pledged to
him up to the time of adjournment yes
terday.
Another aspirant, also accredited with a
large pledged vote, is Sajuuel F. Smith, a
j leading lawyer of San Diego. He has been
I in the order for riiteen years, a member of
the Grand Lodge for'nve years, and on
various standing committees for four
years. Then, there is W. A. Bonynge of
Los Angeles, who has belonged to tne Odd
Fellows for eighteen years; John E. Baker
of Alturas, and J. P. Crosett of this city,
Secretary of the Gold Miners' Exchange,
who is the Past Grand Patriarch of the
order.
The evening session was not employed
in labor, but tne Capital Lodge Degree
Corps, No. 87, of Sacramento, exemplified
the first and second degrees to the enjoy
ment of the visitors from other lodges.
SESSION OF REBEKAHS.
A Benefit for the Orphans' Home at
the Columbia Theater to Take
Place To-Nlght.
The whole morning's session of the Re
bekahs' lodge wad spent in a contddera-
tion of their new constitution. The con
stitution was taken up article by article
and section by section, and subjected to
rigid criticism.
"If you think we women can't concen
trate our minds, you ought just to have
seen us bring the gray matter of our
cerebral organs to bear upon that docu
ment," said Mrs. Allen, a member of the
press committee.
Between the hours of 1 and 2 in the
afternoon Grand Representative Thomp
son conferred the Grand Rebekah decree
in Prospect Hall. This is a new degree,
and corresponds to the Grand Lodge de
gree.
\\ hen the meeting was formally opened
j in the afternoon Past Grand Master Alex
ander was introduced to the ladies and
talked pleasantly about the work and his
tory of the order for a half hour.
This gentleman is something of a ce
lebrity, as he was the first man to enter a
resolution providing that the Adamic rib
should be taken from the body of the Odd i
Fellows with which to give life to the Re
bekah Eve.
A great part of the afternoon was passed
in discussing a private matter in regard
to the constitution. The question was
raised durine the morning session and
taken up again.
The committee on secret work then ex-
I empliried that branch for the instruction
| of the delegates and new members.
After the secret work had been exem
plified, various committees, about one- '
third of the total number, brought in |
their reporjs.
The afternoon session ended with the
I singing of "Auld Lang !^yne."
To-morrow morning will occur the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year. Dis- •
trict Deputy Antoinette Shaw will ex- I
emplify the installation coremony.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, the present grand i
secretary, is said to be sure of re-election.
She has held this office for the term of
five years, ever since the Rebekahs were j
organized, and, though there are many !
aspirants for that position, the majority j
seem to think that she will again be called
upon to occupy her post.
Mrs. Marian Greenwood of Stockton is
in the line of promotion to the grand pres
idency and in accordance with precedent
will occupy that office for thecoming year.
There was no evening session, not even
the conferring of auy decrees. The ladies
wanted one evening, they said, to go
whither they would.
To-morrow evening a benefit under the
auspices of the Rebekah Lodge will be
given for the I. 0. O. F. Orphans' Home at
the Columbia Theater. The drama of Mor
rison's "Faust" will be played and the
Grand Lodge will also cease their labors
and attend.
SHERWOOD-PLACE SCANDAL.
Charges Booked Against F. H. Worth
and Robert Madden, a Sailor.
Accompanied by the three girls, Annie
Docherty, Katie Langshaw and Annie
Oates, who were maltreated in the house
of F. H. Worth, the "Black Diamond," on
Sherwood place, Policeman Ryan went on
board the Bennington on Tuesday night
to see if they could identify any of the
sailors. All the men were called on deck,
and the girls pointed out Robert Madden
and John Wilson as two of tha men woo
were in Worth's house.
Madden was placed under arrest and
taken to the City Prison yesterday morn
ing. Wilson was not arrested, as the girls
said although he was present he did not
tnke part in the outrage. Madden is only
18 years of age, and the officers of the ship
said he bore an excellent reputation. The
sailors made up a purse and engaged
Crittenden Thornton to defend him.
Four charges were booked against the
colored man Worth yesterday and one
charge against Madden. The police are
hunting for another man.
NO FOUR-YEAR TERMS,
Judge Seawell Has Decided
Kahn's Suit to Test
the Law.
The Reprecincticg of the City Put
Over for a While— Will Hurry
the Appeal.
Judge Seawell sustained the demurrer of
the Election Commissioners to Julius
Kahn's suit yesterday, and so falls fur the
present, at least, all hope for those anxious
for a four-year term in office.
The decision was an oral one. It was
simply, "Demurrer sustained." An opin
ion will probably be filed within a day or
two, however. The ground for his de
cision was that the county government
act does not apply to San Francisco, at
least so far as the four-year clause is con
cerned.
Kahn's suit was to enjoin the Election
Commissioners from proceeding to pre
pare for the municipal election next
November. The design was to test the four
year-law, and with that end in view an
appeal will be taken from Judge Seawell' s
decision at once.
Immediately on hearing of Judge Sea
well's decision the Election Commission
ers held a special meeting to decide
whether or not it was necessary to repre
cinct the City. City and County Attorney
Creswell was for having it done at once,
but acting Mayor Taylor advised waiting
until the Supreme Court passes on the
case.
It wa3 decided to consult Attorneys
Barnes and McEnerney and ascertain
whether there is any likelihood of the
matter being brought to a sj^edy conclu
sion.
Registrar Hinton announced that he
had decided to begin registration on the
27th inst., or KJO days before election. Mr.
Creswell objected, but as the matter had
been left to the discretion of the Regis
trar, his decision was linal.
It is intended to rush matters as fast as
possible before the Supreme Court, and it
is hoped to have a decision by July 1.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BUSS HOUSE.
B H Nagle. Oakland (Ul Hoagland. X V
J P Moore, Los Angeles J Schauer, Atcnisou
J Casey. NY T L Nee.y, Healdsburg
8 Klllcott, San Jose C S Kenyou, San Jose
J C Armstrong, Ukiah G Qulnn, San Rafael
S M Burn all, Eureka E Taylor, Railroad Flat
E Greene, Fowler I' M Bray, Wheatland
S Matbews, Salinas .1 X Giberaon, Petaluma
E \V liurgren, Sta Rosa C \V Willard, Petaluma
0 W Clark, l'etaluma Mrs J Clark-, Valley Ford
S C Mason «i w. Cal Miss M Clark, Valley Ford
J Vassalo. Stockton lMlicharrison.w&d, shake
It C Mason, Benlcia II J Cogerhull, Los Gatos
JDKnapp A w.sta Kosa MissM Hurnett, sra ilosa
Miss F Burnett, X B Kelly, Willows
F Crlpp, Cottoinvood Miss Cripp, (ottoinvood
W B Brock, El Paso A Miller slater, El Paso
F X Walleck & (1. lowa Mrs l. Gunaolas. lowa
R C Peterson, Chicago .\ Wentworth, Colo
MrsJ Irviug<£fy,Denver Mrs O Ernest, Denver
Mrs B Blakeley, Denver C I) Joy, Denver
N F Graham, Cal Miss L Haliencreen, Cal
KM John. Cal X Hewett, Tucson
Mrs Brown, Auburn W W Nesil, C»l
Dr A Winzell. Los Ang A Miller, Los Ana .
G H Fisher iV \v. Cal Miss X Bartlett. <'.t!
H ltndnke, Fresno It G Flint, San Miguel
P F Flint, San Mlgnel L Coiner, ban Miguel
W II Douglass. Sau Jose C Williams. San Jose
C Weob, ban Jose II L Wood, San Jose
1 A Peacock. Cal J. M Bunnell, Kureka
X C Mordenant, Eureka M Powell, san Quentln
J Kemp, Healdsburs II Flsner, AlaincUa
C C Woney. St Helena T C Sonoma
GRAND HOTEL. ,
P A Buell. Stockton C A McCuean, Sacto
Mrs M Auger, Cal 8 Bird Jr. Merced
G Shirley, Vallejo X S Botsford, r,os Ancles
11 Adams, Stockton 'l W Phelps. Los Angeles
i H Uoberts, Sacto W Hemsue, Danville
Anna Jorgensen, NY 11 \V Crabb, Oakland •
F Reed, Koseburg. Or J F Carmo, Los Angeles
G Pat-hero. Ignacio J Doulton, Santa Barbara
M Newton, Cal J Krlrh. Los Angeles
S 11 Howell, Chicago Mrs \V Balter.S Bend.lnd
W B Alberger, Sacto Mrs Austin, San Jose
\V G Grant, Sau Jose '. 1' Dornln, Fulton
8 It lioblnson.Portervlll (i W Pierce, Davisville
Cll Morrison. Arbuckle M Mnkelsplel.Blnl's Ldg
Mrs Kuhn, San Dlcgo Cl Overacker, Niles
■WCParker&w, Kenwood 1" L Coombs, Xapa
M Laner, Cal F S Bogus, Stockton
J M Gleaves, Redding X B Beli&wf, Boonville
Mrs M Bordwell, Astoria E J omlns. Mass
MrsWattles.BattleCreek J C Shapber.l, Fre«no
J M. 'I horp, san Quentln H M Hollister, Auburn
« L Flnk.CrowsLanding B J Sill Awl, San Diego
Mrs J W Lewis. »;;iroy \V X Brown. Kings City
SDoane. Red Bluff J H Langmor, Coiusa
W Johnson. Court land 0 P Wilson, Colusa
J E Murphy, btockton
PALACE HOTEL.
8 X Hooper, Denver s A Hutehinson, Omaha
c a Fee >t i':.ni c E Cliaffee, < lucaco
B I>C:alri\velKVw.Chicago r A Wadlelgh, salt Lake
J Ftmncla, Omata C w Denn;6on<tw, Uenvr
\\ P smith, san Jose C B I :;vi>, siunforJ
J Powers. Kedwood T S> Bollock, N V
F E French, Boston H M Ilibhop. Jx>s Anceles
s a BsUbury, L« Angeles Mn W w« hnmbcrlaiu.u
Mrs B W Cox, Colorado Miss Cox, Colorado
D T Davles. Wash <; l Hunter, M V
F H Kuck.Vw, Vacavllle W W Prloe <fe w, Colorado
Mrs B McFerran. Colo J D Etirlghtdrw, sta Cruz
E \V Dean, M V X <" Carney, Butte
F E Corbet t, Butte J W Fairfield, Butte
A \V Brown, H V B \i BdingtOß, Helena
DW < ornier <t w. Pa Mr Burton <fe w, Chicago
J Jl Mil ar :uirt, Portrvll Mrs 1! D Indrwood. M M
J II More Jr. Mure lslnd N T Chipman, Ked Bluff
J N Burk, S.an Jose
LICK HOUSE.
C H Money, st Helena H Stenire, D!xon
H Hoover, San Jose J J Mcule. San .lose
W H McMiiiii, San .Tos° J S Heat, .Los Ange.es
E P CoUan, Sucranie::to X C Farnswonh, Visulia
T RnthledfeAw. B Hoba Mrs X Hatton, Monterey
V M< Kea, Hanford X A Wnrreu, Clnoo
A A Bruner, Chlco C W O'Nell, Wallace
J J Jones <fe w, Cal T J Wilson <fe w. Cal
A L I'.anl.-tt. TbermalltO W Bnttcrlieid <tw. Monlo
8 J Breen, lx>% Anßfles W B Brown Aw, Si Louis
W McKee, Oakland J D Nixon it c. Petainm*
A J Boyd. London 8 M Brooks, San Jose
H J W illlßins. S Kafa^l W Mcßrido, Berkeley
J A Mellou, Colorado Kvr
Baldwin hotel..
C Jacobsen & w, Vbllojo Mrs J L Marks * s N V
F F Hamilton. Chicago Dr J D Mlckes. Chicaeo
M Bernstein. San Jose F A sloucan, X V
W B little, Boston C X Poofe, Boston
8 Mlgliavacca. Napa L L ROienthal. Chicago
8 I (ioobe. .Sail Lake It B Hale. Bakerslieid
B Asplnelle, NY Bf Barker. Livermore
F Zelemby, >t Helena C A Clark, USA
W Haywards, H V J W Morris, Los Angeles
G Hie* art. Boston J A Morrissey, Stockton
Ml«s Scott, Sacramento C B Williams, Sac
H Martin, Seattle F Burns, Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F O'Donneli, Placer Co B L Fisher, Alameda
T Steger. Fort Sherman H Ward, Los Angeles
I> J Keohnne, Aloatraz W A earring an, N V
A Peterson, Stockton X P I one, Boston
J T Ward, Fresno Thomas Ward, Snnol
Z E Buckner<£w, S Hosa Mrs Boulln >fe on, Sacio
V O'Tooio, Coul erville D.l Mc< nrthv, Coultrvlla
F J Mahon. Seattle J W s»,, n dtrs, Portland
G i Simouson, Alca:raz Ed .-'miili, Boston
T II FOX, i'Ultlil!!,!
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
_ j»-** — 1 "1 . _ I _^^^__ f-^l^^f^ ""^^^^^^^^^^X
m BARTLBTT
SPRINGS
•
XT AYE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-"• being one of the woxdkrs of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and >". P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLKTT
SPRINGS COMPANY, '12 Fourth street, S. F.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRISGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESOKT IX CALIFORNIA.
LOCATED IN A CANYON OF THE :SANTA
1 J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog', no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Room*, With Private
Bathroomti.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, j rheumatism, eout. skin
an.l nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicfans.
HOTKL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL modern Improvements: electric bells, tele-
phone arid telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to «15 per week: only 21/3 hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. .1. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
. ■
/ — / V a~~H The Beautiful
g^f:, : rl HOTEL
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
v
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
OEO. P. SNELL, ManageV.
MW% fl E 4% f% ""' BPMK6B,
H f*l im. 1 3 Monl««8r coun-
&€ IS I I I '•■ taX - The
I I »•* B■■ II rl.sbad of i
B I ■ ■ I V> America — Fur
heal tb.rest, pleas- i
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower I
beds, cleanliness, t:ib'e. hot nod a tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance. hall for families.
I'aral so stands unsurpassed in the '-tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:16 a m
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket. *8- Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postotllce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRISGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bekm There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard aud ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostofHee.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Aw Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, NapaSoda Springs
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK. IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10 !
to 14 per week; film Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $3
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, tend for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
Cazudcro, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
bor; the place where you feel at home Table
first Class. Croquet, Billiards, Shu file-board.
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
Ing and limiting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Open May 1.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
00 TO mm SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND. MKNDOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mine*.*l waters in the State.- Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths: new modern hotel; 250
feet cbovo the valley: fine view. Furnished co:-
-tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free mis
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, $10 per weelc. •
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postotllce.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SOXO3IA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PL.ACK. FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no stacin;: i. 8 -mile irom
station. The only Pennine seltzer Spring* in the
United States anl thp celebrated Lytton Geyser
toda £prlucs. . ~ Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars. ■
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
TAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL BUMMER
XJ resort in State: 8 diil'erent springs: good fish-
i UK and hunting: accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward; table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTKNS, Bach-
i-ior P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
ATTRACTIVE LOCATION*- PLEASANT
J\~ rooms; fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, Scbastopol, Sonoma Co.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CALj.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards" Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and tishlng?
Do yon need recuperation and rest afiorded by over
thirty kind* 01 mineral springs? .-shortest stasie
route Into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs. .
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only if 3 for th»
round trip, and the hotel rates are $1 SO to $2 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the S. W.
and N. P. hallway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful staee ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly I'JOO feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Nap-i.
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal.
fl T7" Ifi n HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
V If Al* I " V Uonnty, only 4Uj hours from
\IV II ITIT Bun Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ |1 II II II staging: now road through
** ** > * ivl VI ** canyon; newsta:c<; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no togs or disa-
greeable win!-*: mosqulios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 c. m. Bound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $1- a week ; baths free.
J. F. MULQREW, Proprietor.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY. SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque. soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine oar has jus;
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free*
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Sprlng.n,
Adam*, Setgler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $3 50; round trip. 10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. K>-lsey ville. Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASH ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping: dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout tishing. bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postotHce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and SI - per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BEKTRAND. Proprietor.
City cilice, 112 Taylor St.. Fridays, 2 to 4 p. x.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address 11l A G. lIOITT.
Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hoc mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. RADKII, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath Mid all modern con-
veniences in connection witn Hotel.
-a.. DB. 3veoive.a.'x < :e3:'o.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A OOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds Is
glentif'.il, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukioh,
ierryhlll stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullville. P. O. address. Hullvllle. Lake Co. Cut.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgauge Depot,
Summer Resort fur Families.
Rates $6 to $10. A. BERG, Manager.
THE JORDAN MOUSE, SAS RAFAEL, CAL.
First-Clast Family Boarding-House.
MRS. J. F. JORDAN, Proprietress. •
Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. Head of B.
EL BONITO HOTEL
■VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
-Li .season: sail and fresh water bathing, huntine.
fishing and beating; redwood grove, etc. : terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
. Duncans Mills, Sonoma C0., 0i1.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LVKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH. RESORT. OPEN THE
-I year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific oillces, $10: special
conveyance dally. For information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Se,lgl»r Springs, Lake County, Cal.
GLENBROOK
IS ONK OF TOE MOST CHARMING RE-
X sorts In the State.' Fine scenery, hunting and
lushing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address O. W. a. TItKUWAV,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
pOTTAOE OF 6 FURNISHED ROOMS TO
\J rent lor the summer; near >t Helena: plenty
of fruit. Address ROBERT WESTFIELD, 162«
Bush st. • / ■ • • ;
T AtREL DKLL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
-U Lake (formerly Lower Bine. Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coining sea-
son win. many Improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will I. ■ spared to provide a good tablo; terms
So to $12 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 85: round trip $9 DO. Address H.
WAUBQIJ). Prop., Bertha P. P., Un County ,Cal.
HOTEL DEL MAI:— ON THE SKA^ 1 1 1 > 1 : 1 . : 20
mi nines' ride from Santn Cruz; climate per-
leet: table unexcelled: surf bathing! sailing, row-
Ins, fishing: bam meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANACF.U
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
AETNA
SPRINGS
With its superb climate, its health-giving
mineral waters, its beautiful scenery, its all-
tue-comfo.-ts-of-home hotel, and its big swim-
ming tank invites you to spend your vacation
within its boundaries.
WILL YOU CONE?
Terms $10 to $14 per week. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Further particulars at
318 Battery St., City, or W. L. MITCHELL,
101 l p. 0., Kapa County, Cal.
SAITI CATALIM ISLMD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast e.tcur3.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropote now open. Island Villa In July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring St., 1.03 Angeles, Cat
"mountaih ~hobe7
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, - Stage at Mad roue every Monday, Wednes-
| day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cal.
I TJIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
■IX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
i docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
■ cisco; Cshln--', hunting, thing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, ? ? per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLE->PIK, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
j genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from.
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
i hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
! fo.- the round trip via S. P. R. R. and Knight's
i stage line, $4. MX.-a. I. J. HEARS, La Honda, Cal.
pLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
J-> hotel, now open; many new improvements for
! the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
* T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
*t\- board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
1 station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImonc
LONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
■i send for illustrate', pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longuoods, Napa, Cal.
ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
plenty milk, cream, chickens n ml fruit: good
; accommodations. Address Brookside. Napa.
j u;hite oak farm, near CLOVERDALE
1 '» —Special attention given to table: terms $7
per week. For particulars address W. H. 11l ATT,
Cloverdale, Cal.
* vVE&KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TEE
.V WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HOTEL EMPIII,
FIKE-PHOOF, »
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with bat ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths'
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America. ■
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
Ctn or 9th aye. " L ' to 66th St., or Broadway cabla
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, S3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
ia New York. W. JOiLSSON QULNN, ilgr.
WM. NOBLE, Propr.
Ullil ILIIUL Übest
.v.^trrWM, », TWO CURED WITH
■^«^^^^ ONE BELT. .
H&SiWA^^S^SIa SEATTLE, Was jr.,
i ES'?£-~£!'" - r Z&Zt& October 19. 1895.
ai I ; SH^iSaTftGfcw^ Dr. Pierce— Sir:
; 'V^vfce^Ste?- *» fff^t Some time ago I bought
I •wW'i? ■. . ''p^K^J.-- fi. one of your Electric Belts
{'■ <taj? tor r - amo Hack, caused by
4£*f, ? trouble with my kidneys,
• <M* • and in throe days' tim«
the pain disappeared and has no: troubled 1119
since. Your Belt almost performed ■ miracle in
curlugmy complaint, for II was so bad. before I
wore the Belt that 1 was laid up In the hospital
and could not wok.
After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
111111 Mm same ISclt that curort me curefl
him also. I have recommended your Belt to
every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
continue to do so hereafter, for it is certainly it
great invention. Yours truly.
FRANCIS VICTOR WILBER.
. t£3~ For price list arid fall particulars of DR.
PIKRCE'S wonderful Belts, call or write for free
"PaniDblPt No. '_'."
Address— l>U. riKRCE & -ON, 704 Sac-
rnniento street, (cor. Kearny), 2d, 3d and 4ta
tloors, SAN FRANCI.sCO. _^
TS THE VERY BJfcj'Al ONE TO EXAMINE
. A your eyes and tit tnem to spectacles and Eya-
; glasses with instruments of his own invention,
; whose superiority has not been equaled, My *a>
; cess has been due to tha merits of my wort
Uilice Hours— l 2 to 4 p. K.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
bI'MSIAKY OF THE >\ Ai.KI 1>
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat a fraction weaker.
Other Cereals very dull.
Beans unchanged.
Hay as before.
New Potatoes and Onions weaker.
Butter somewhat steadier.
Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Vegetables rather lower.
Larger receipts of Cherries.
Strawberries lower.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Poultry weaker.
Dried Fruit as usual.
Hides beginning to Improve.
Wool and Hops slow.
Wine firm and in lighter receipt.
WINK AND BRANDY RECEIPTS.
Receipts of Wine at this port in April were
1,518,300 gallons, against 2.025,000 gallons In
April, 1895. The falling off in receipts is possibly
due to the holdiu^ back of winemakers owing to
the severe (inmate by thp recent frosts. The re
ceipts for the lirst iour months of the your were
5,711.800 gallon*, against 5.9-8,600 during the
same period last year. .
The receipts of Brandy for the four months wero
82,800 gallons, against 83,200 in 1895.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow files with the wind. The top figures
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
ralnrall, if melted snow in inches and hui.dredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; .so
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomnanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th« interim
and low aloug the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along th- coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHEB BVBKAU KEFOKT.
United States Dkpabthjott ok asrhtl-
TCBK, WKATHKB BORKAU, SaN FkanclSCO,
May 13, 1896. 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general foreca-t :
The folio'.vin^ are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 50.41. last season 41.91: KeU Buff 21 68,
iast season 26.25: Sa:i Francisco 20.84 last season
-'5.41: Fresno ß.l6, last season 14.67; San Luis
Ohispo 17.64, last season 25.93: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 1604; Sau Dieso 5.92, last
season 12.16; Ynma .88. las: season 3 01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations ia California during
the past twenty-tour hour": I ureka 58. Red Bluff
74, v an Francisco b6, Frt sno 78, Sun Luis dbispo
64. Lus Angeles 90. ~~an Di--eo 76, Yuma 90.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 51. mean 58.
An area of high pressure is central to-night over
Western Oregon and Western Washing on. The
pressure from Koseburg northward is 30.5 inches
or slightly tucher. An area of l'>w pressure con
tinues over the upper Missouri V;ill<iy. The pres
sure is also falling alone the coast of Southern
California, a fall of a tenth of an inch being
reported alon? the coast from San Francisco to
."-an lJie;o nit bin the past twelve hours.
The temperature has risen generally throughout
California except the extreme nor.hwestern por
tion. Elsewhere the temperature h>is been sta
tionary except in Southern Idaho, where there has
been a decided Jail.
Except a. Spokane no rain has fallen in the
couitry west of the 115ih meridian. It is snowing
at Idarlo Falls to-n!clr.
Conditions continue favorable for fair weather
becoming warmer over the Pacific slope Thursday.
Forecas' made a; >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, May 14. .896:
Northern California — Fair Thursday- warmer in
the valleys: fresh northerly winds.
Southern < alifomia— Fair Thursday; light north
westerly wimls.
Nevada.— Fair Thursday: warmer.
Utah— Cioudy. probably without rain; warmer
Thursday lii^'lu.
Arizona— l- air Thursdax.
San Francisco ami viciiiitv— Fair Thursday; con
tinued warm weather: fr.-sh northwesterly winds.
AXXXAVDKB <i. McAliik.
Local Forecast Otlicial.
NEW YOKK BIAKKETS.
Financial.
SKW YORK. N. V.. May 13 TradiDg at the
Stock Exchar.^e was characterized by firmness
from start to tin;sh and a higher range of prices
obtained. London bought moderately of its fav
orites on the belief that all danger of trouble be
tween the United States and >pain growing out of
the competitor incident had passed away. Foreign
bankers also received intimations that there will
be favorable developments in Transvaal matters
shortly. Local operators were inclined to go slow
because of the engagement of $1,500,000 In gold
for shipment to-morrow and a belief that at least
52,000,000 more will be forwarded on Saturday.
A good deal was said rgain. to-day about the con
tinued silence of Mr. McKlnley on the currency
question, nnd this undoubtedly has deterred ope
rators from, making; new ventures. The declara
tion of the usual dividend by the Chicago, liurllng
ton and Quiticy had a stimulating influence on the
Grangers, which improved fractionally. The ad
vance in price.* ranged from V* to 'Ji/ a ~, the Inter
nationals, Grangers and Industrials leading. .sugar
was bought on rumors of an early advance in re
fined and Leather preferred was taken on reports
that the directors contemplate the payment of a
dividend shortly. The dealing during the last
hour oi business wa«i attended with more anima
tion ttian nt any previous time of the day. Spc-cu
l«tion closed strong in tone. Net changes show
trains of anywhere from V* to 1%, Louisville and
Nashville leading. The total sales were 95,950
shares. .
Jionds were dull and firm in tone. Hocking Val
ley general sixes ro<i- 1 i/ 3 to 83 Vi: Oma'ja consoli
dated sixes. 1 to 128, ana Denver and Gulf consoli
da'ed lives, 1' 2 to 38 Vs- Bales aggregated $H92,
-000.
In Government bond* $5000 coupon fours of
1926 sold at 117 and $10,000 registered fours of
1907 at 309.
Grain.
FLOUR— Dull, easier: Winter wheat. low grades,
$'.! &ora.3 (10; do fair to fancy, $2 65013 85: do pat
«-ms, *.•> f(jfd.4 20: Minnesota clears. $2 50(a,3 15- do
straights, *3 Uo@3 50; 00 patents, S3 45@i 35
-low extra. $'_' '20(a,iS 00; city mills, $4 10,'a-l 2u- do
patents, .$4 30@4 50: rye mixture, 82 50@3 M)-
•■nine, £2 Lota// 35: line, $2 00@2 30. .south
ern Hour, quiet, easy; common to fair extra, $2 40
P0II; good to choice, $3 00@3 30. live flour
null, easy, $2 4ora-' »5. buckwheat flour, SI 20
BUCK iV 11 IS AT— 4o@42c.
COKN'MKAL — Quiet, easy; yellow Western,
$2 05@2 10; Jlrandywine, f 3 15.
RYE— Nominal; -No. 2 Western. 40<ail4y 3 c.
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western. 39@41c.
BAKi.EY -.Nominal; Western. 4bfcs3c.
WHEAT— DuII: easier: f. o. b. 77c to arrive;
ungraded red, 65@78c; No. 1 Northern, 72c to
arrive.
Options dull, closing easy at V^V^c decline,
following the West and on local lealizlnsr. July
most active. No. 2 red, .May, 6994 c; June^ GO' ..<■"■
July, »934 c: August, G9y 2 c; September, fc93,lc;
December, 71 i/ 2 c.
CORN— DuII, firm. No. 2, 35V4c elevator-
S6V%c afloat. •
• Options dull and steady at y @Vic decline with
the West and only a local trad.-. July most active;
May. 35V«:C: July, 36v*c; September, 373/.c.
OATS— Less active, arm. . ■•
Options dull, flrmer: May, 247/ 8 c; June and July,
24% c - •"
Spot prices: No. 2, 2454 c; No. 2 white, 26c: No
2 Chicago, No. 3, 2dVfec: No. 3 white, 2434 c;
mixed Western, 25@28c; white do and white State.
26ra28Vic.
FEED BRA N-571 c
M 1 DDLI .v <i*— 05'5,Tuc.
BYE— easier, BLe.
I'rovlslons. .
BEEF— poll, family, «9 $0@ll: extra mess,
$7@«:-'beef hams, inactive, $14 SOfoio;
tierced beef, quiet; city extra India mess, $ll@
15 50: cut Mats slow and weak: pickled bellies.
12 pounds, -i/ac; do shoulders, <MC2 do hams,
e@9i/ 2 c. . ■■ . '"- . .. •• '
LAIUJ-Quiet, easy; Western, 84 87; city, $4 25:
May. 94 87%; Refined, dull; continent, 96 20:
south American. K3 50; compound, 41/4 C.
PORK— DuII, weak; old mess, ?9@9 50; new
mess. 11.
BUTTER— Quiet; State dairy. 8@15%c: do
creamery. ll@16c: Western dairy, 7@llc; do
creamery, ll@15c: do held. 9@llc; do factory,
7fol0c; KlKlns, 15%1@6c; imitation creamery, 9%
@12c. .
CHEESE— Quiet: State large, old, r)@9»4c; do
new, 6%@8%c: do small, old, 4%@10c; part
skims, old, 3@4%c; do, new, 2<3isc; full skims, 2@
2%c
EGGS— steady; Western fresh, 9@loV«c.
TALLOW— Weak; city. 31,4 c: country. Si.4@
3s/»c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet: crude. 21@21%c:
yellow, prime, 25@26V4c; do offgrades, 25(»25%c.
ROSIN — Quiet; strained, common to good, $1 85.
POTATOES— Easy.
RlCE— steady. Domestic, fair to extra, 3<as»4c;
Japan, I-!@4i 4 c
MOLAS>Es— Moderately active, firm; New Or
leans open Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Unchanged to 10 points down. May,
$13 05; June. 9 12 80: August, $12@12 05: Sep
tember. $11 45; October, «11 10: December,
*10 75: March, *10 55@10 60. Spot Rio, firmer,
quiet; No. 7, 14% c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, dull: fair refining;, 3%?;
centrifugals. 9b test. 414 c: refined, moderate de
mand: 011 a. 4 11-16(£5c: mold A, 6^c; standard
A, 5%c; confectioners' A, s!.ic; cut loaf. 6c:
crushea. 6c; powdered and granulated, s*/»C;
cubes, &- :bC.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS—NominaI.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS—Bags, BV»<aioc.
PEACHES-Peeled, %».' to, 10®12c: do nn
peelea, sr»7c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS — Two-crown loose muscatel. 2S/i®3c;
three-crowu do, S a A(A4c: four-crown do, 4 ! 54(i5c:
do London layers, £K)c@sl.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
16@88c; Texas, 7(^.12c.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 2y»@Bc:
Pacific Coast. 2V2@"c.
"M «-i 1 hiiml !.,«•.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*10 76<ai3 50.
COPPER-Flrm: lake. $11.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. 83 02V'@3 05.
TIN- Steady: straits. *13 40@1*3 50; plates,
moderate demand.
SPELULK-Quiet; domestic $4 05®4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Ilu, May 13.— The strength and
buoyancy which attended yesterday's trade in
wheat was absent from the market this morning.
English markets rejected the stronger feeling in
so lar as appreciating in price was concerned, al
though their tone was firm. Liverpool's failure to
advance was one of the weakening points of this
market to-day. Rains and showers for growing
wheat and predictions by the Weather Bureau of
additional moisture likewise tended to disappoint
holders. The declaring of about 6,000.000 bushels
o; wheat contained in Armour's elevators irregular
by the Board of Trade caused some short covering,
which afforded the market partial support.
Receipts at Chicago were 14 cars, and 57,118
bushels were withdrawn from store. The North
west had 352 cars against 23H last Wednesday
ari'iis7ayear aco. Export clearances were fair
at 282,617 bushels. C.o-iin? Pans cables were 10
to 50 cen'.imes higher for flour and 5(d.15 centimes
lni:h u r tor wheat. Antwerp were unchanged, aud
Berlin Va mark higher. The market continued
weak up to the close, which was s-jc under yester
day for July. That delivery opened from V>4i.4@
64Vi»c to 6114 c, sold between 645/ g c aud 63:4 c,
closing at 6SS/gcig;63V3C. Estimated receipts tor
to-morroiv 8 cars.
CORN— The tone of the corn market at the open-
Ing was firm, but the strength was not enduring,
the easier tone of wheat eventually exercising in
fluence of sufficient potency to caus • prices to de
ciine. Receipts were 110 cars, five less than ex
pected, and 65.755 bushels were taken from store.
Liverpool cables were quiet. Export clearances
amoumeito 443.-M 3 bushels. July corn opened
irom 303 R <a;3(ii- 3 '~. declined to 29S, 4 @29' B e, clos
ing at 'JIJJ l Ji B'-,8 '-, 3 8 <a,y a c under yesterday. Estimated
receipts tor to-morrow 165 cars.
OATS— Hud a very good trade to-day, the under
tone of firmness of yesterday being still in evi
deuCA. The exports of oats are having an effec: on
the market, "short" sellers displaying less con
fidence while th»y keep up. Receipts were 111
cars. Withdrawals from store were good at 130,
-214 bushels. July oats closed l/gc under yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 140 cars.
FLAX — Was dull and nominally steady. Cash,
86V2C; May, 84c nominal; July, 85V->c, nominal;
September, 87c bid. Receipts were 29" cars.
PROVISIONS— For a time product showed a
steady tone at practically unchanged quotations,
but when late reports giving a weak feeling with
5c decline in hog prices were received, the market
jor provisions gave way to a less sirong sentiment.
July pork closed 5c lower, July lard 2 i^c lower,
and July ribs lower.
BUTTER — Was quiet and firm to-day.
Creameries— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14@14V2C: sec
onds. 11@1 3c: Imitations, fancy, 10@llc. Dairies-
Extras, l;<e: firsts. 10 @ lie; seconds. 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9©loc; firsts, B@BV 2 C; packing
stock, 7c.
EGOs— Were weak. Much or the supply was in
bad condition. Fresh stock, 7V2<§>Bc.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 76c premium.
< lo.nn Prices.
WHEAT — May, 625/, c; July, 63%@63%c;
September, 64i/ B e.
CORN— May. 28% c; July, 29 %c; Septem
ber, 3I@3H/ 8 c
OATb— May, 185.' 8 c; July, 19%@19%c; Sep
tember, 19% -
PORK— July, *7 65: September, $7 82%.
LARD— JuIy, Si 6-'%: September, *4 77%.
RlßS— July, «4 10: September, $4 22%.
l.iH">lnrk.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., May 13.-Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were moderate. Trade was
active and prices averaged 10c higher. The hog
market was firm, but closed 5c lower. The run of
sheep was fair. The demand was slack and prices
ruled easy.
CATTLE — Receipts, 11,000. Fancy beeves.
54 30@4 40: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 15(ct4 25: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. «3 90(B4 10: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds, $3 75^3 85; common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 s!)(a>3 70: choice feeders.
bOO to 1170 pounds. $3 60(<s>3 90; common to choice
stockers. $2 85@;3 60: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. 92 85@3 25: bulls, poor to choice. $2 10;©
2 bO; cow* and heifers, extra. s 3 75(3,4 00; cows, fair
to choice, ?2 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 60.32 35: calves, good to choice. $4 35
(0,4 75; calves, common to good. $3@4 00: Texas
grass steers, $2 75@3 35: Texas fed steers. S3 40
(£3 SO; Texas cows ana bulls. 9 2 40©3 40; milkers
and springers, per head. $20.'g)40.
HOGS— Receipts. 29,000. Heaw packers, $3 20
(S3 42%: common to choice mixed. *3 30(<t3 47%;
choice assorted. $3 45(53 50; light, $3 30(3,3 55
-pigs, $2 75@3 50. *
SHEEP — Receipts. 17,000. Inferior to choice,
Vi 60&3 90; lambs, «3 25@4 90.
NEW lOKK STOCKS.
Condi, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 2Va@3v; last loan at 3%;
and closing offered at 3';. Prime mercantile paper,
5@5V2,. B» r silver. 67 % c. - Mexican dollars.
83V4'" a;5 *Va c - Sterling exchange easier, with actual
busiuess in Dangers' bills at 94 U7y 2 @4 87^4 for
60 days and *4 86Vb®4 S6»A for demand. Posted
rat»«. 14 IM I /2&1 89V2- Commercial lulls. 14 Bei/2
(a:4 87 V*- government bonds steady; Slate bonds
iiuil: railroad bonds firm, fcilver at the board
was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable— . 93 1 Norfolk & Wes".. y H
Atchlsoiu ~ l^Vs Preferred. m 4v*
Preferred Korthern Pacifio... 6/86 /8
Adams Express... I*B Preferred. ll:i°
Alton.TerreHaute. 55 Nonnwestern..... lO4l*
American Express. 113 1 Preferred I*B
American Tobacco. 650/8 N. Y. Central »7
Preferrea 97' 2 N. Y. Chicar>&!S.l» 13
Bay btateUas...... 28V2 Ist preferred..... 78
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17 y3y 3 id [referred. 32U.
fcrunswiclt Lands- 6g6 g N. Y.<t N. H...^..173
Buffalo, Koch & F. 24 N. Y.«fc New Eos. 40
Canada Paclnc... 591 .' 2 N. "V. bu«tj& W... 83,;
Canada Southern.. -49i 2 Preferred. ._ 231*
Canton Land...... 607 Ontario. 131^,
Central Jfacitla.... 11 V a Ontario & Western, in I
Che*. A Ohio. 16^4] Oregon Improvnu. 1
1 hlcsito Alton 154 1 Preferrea.........—
I'reterrea 1"" 'Oregon Narl(atlon> 15
Chicago, B. A U.... 701/4 Oregon Unorl Lin*. '_>ia
Chicago <& K. 111... 41 Pacific Mau 26
Preferred. *' n A l'fcona. D.& Evans. 2V<
Chicagouas. ....... 68 Plttaburg Wpfa. 16
CleveA mnhiir6.lt> • Pnllman Pa1aca...157
Consolidation CoaL 0 Quicksilver ._ 1
Consolidated 0a5..1.*>9 Preferred. _ 15
C. C. C. &at- Xi-'l P.eoaine 12
Preferred. 83 KloUrande <kWesta 1H
tola Fuel & iron.. -MV2 Preferred. 4J
Preferred >>H Bock lslana 70V5«
Cotton oil Cert 13V* KomeWat &Oitdeallsi/i
Commercial Cable. 150 bt. L.&.8.W 41/*
DeL Hudson 126 1 Preferred. J ]oi/»
Del.Lack<t Western! .9 tt.Paui Z 77??
Uenver<stK.u 13 1 Preferred. 128
Preierreo. _ i " •■« t«t. Paul* DuluUx. 23 .
iJistUlers — . lHi,, Preferred v 80
General Electric... 84 1 8 6t. Paul & Oman*. 461.4
trie M . 1414 Preferred. 124
Preferred 37i/ a St. P. M. «St m. .11"
lon Wayne....... 160 silver Certincaces. «7"i
C real Northern Dial 15 iSoutbern Paclttc._ jgvl
Grtantoay ft toumern H. X...« g.v
Uanem..... 295 i Preferred. Z 29%
Hocking C0a1...... 2V^'bugar Kenner7..,.1 24
llockinit Valley... IB Preferred. . . 103
llomesiake - 31 |Tcnn. Coal A Iron. 26%
H. & Texas Cenu. ay, Preferred.... 100
Illinois central.... 95 Texas Pacific .. BV4
lowa Central. ...... B% ! A.A.* N.Suco.—
Preferred... •;..._ 83S/ ToL & Ohio Cen . 3»
Kansas* Texas. _ 11 14 Preferrea . . ** 73 ■
Preferred ..... 25i/a lolJ4t.Louli<S X.a 6Vi
Kingston & Pern... 3 | Preferred «« 7 *
UkoEne <&Wesui l»i/ 4 I'nlon Paciflo 7x4
Preferred 70 |U p. Den. * Oaii ai2
Lice bhore 149 I.a Corda«»...^ 6
National Lead M ..«. 25^ Preferred IT 93/.
Preferred. _ 41 1 Guaranteed „ 19
lx>nglslana. ....... SO I". B. Express. 40
LoulSTllle <t Nash. 6OV4U. a Leather. ._ 91/.
Louievt!i»Na<fcCo. 9Va Preferred. _ 64S'i
Preferred 20 V. B. Rubber. 231/,
Manhattan Consoi. 10M 4 1 Preferred. so
WempnisA Chart*, 15 iL'tlcaAll. iuVer..lso
Mexican Central... .0 IWab. aL. <&Pao.. {;»/.
Michigan Central.. 2aV»\ Preferred........ 1-7%
Winn«t a. 1... .:...— (Weiis-Farga 9_-
Preferred... •......—— |Western Union.... (•:,•-.
Minn. & St. L com. is Wis Central. 1
let preferred 7K Wheeling * ilk.. "<w.
2d preferred 49V*! Preferred.;.. . .. 85
Mifgouri Pacrfla... 2 JVs Am Cotton uu'pfa. 5-ia
Ijoblledt 0hi0..... lHh- W U Bee/.... 73?
.Mill vine Chatt.... 68 Ann Arb0r......... nit
Nhi:ouul Llnseel.. 17 I Preferred......... itb
K. J. Central loS l^ Brooklyn Traction. imtJk
North American... fi'Vi'lCrie 2d pfd. . no
THE SAN JTBAJTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
CLOSIXO BONDS.
CP4s.'rPC lUB%IM KT2ds. 68%
Do, 4s conrton...lo9s 4 , Do, 4s. v . 853/ 4
C 4s new reg.....H7i> Mutual Union 65.. .114
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..117i 8 J Cent Gen 65.:. 119
Do. 2s 94v;, Northern Pao lsts. 116 '
Do, 6s .....112% Do, 2ds 111%
Do. 6s counon 112% • Do. SOm. 72
Cherokee 4s, 189b. 10b i None west" ConsoVa 141
D 0.1897-... 100 I Do, deb 65.. 10814
Do. 1898 100 lOß&Nlats. .109 "
Do. 1898 100. SiLAlron.MtQen'si 7SW.
Fsclnc 6s 0f '95.... "I-* 8F Gun 6s. 112
I.C. 3-6 5s 1091/4 Paul Consols ...131
Ala Class A 4 106 jtuP.C. «Pa lsts. 110
Da Class B 4. ss. 106 Do. PacCal •««„ 1 10 .
l*Consol4s. 971/4 eonthern R. R. Os. 92%
AllMonrl funding..— 1 Texas Pacific firsts 90
N Carolina con 124 j Texas Pac seconds. ai%
_ D ?< *";• —•• 104 i/ 4 LnionPac Istof9B.
to Carolina 4%5...108 West Shore 4s. 106
lennnewas „84 Mobile <fc Ohio 45.. 86 Vi
V a funding aeot... 61% .It GrandeWeat Ist* 763, i
f*' I 6?I 6 ? "v,- — - Ches& O 55... 10S
Da deferred 65... 5 iA tchlson 4s 79 Vg
Do. trust rcDts st 6 1 Do. 2ds A - 41U,
Canada South 2a5..104S/ g QH4BA& 105^
Cen Pac lats or '95 1 0 1 it 7. w {X 2
Den* it °Ik 110 H *T« Centri;:. 105
tr^°' 2 " • »?,,( Do. con 6s .106
t^ds 65V4 Reading t0......... 795/.
ia D »a» i-» consols 7.i 2 Mu*ouri o M .. lo«
*s r* lti» Den aivlll I
FORKIGN MARK UTS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kx.j.. May 13 -The spot market
Is lower at 5s 4d&Ss 3d. Cargoes steady al 27a
buyers, January shipiut-nt.
FUTURES. (
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
5s 3Vid; June, 535 3 3%d; July, 5s 3%d; August, 5s
3»4d; September, 6s 3940.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, E»o.. May 13,-Consols. 111T» ;
silver, 30 15-lBd; French Rentes, 102f 62% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89ia
Sterling Cables _ 4 PO
New York Exchange, sight — 07Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. «» ounce — U7»i
Mexicau Dollars . 541^ 65
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAIN'S. V
WHEAT— Continues excessively dull, with a
downward tendency In shipping descriptions. No.
I,sl 06V4@1 071,2 "0 ctl; choice, $1 oK3i@x 10:
lower grades, $ I@l 06: extra choice for milling,
$1 16@1 20.
CALL BOABD SALES.
Informal sf.ssion — 10 o'clock— December—
100 tons, $1 05%. •:■ j
Keoular .Morning Skssion— December— 9oo
tons, 9 1 05^i: 200. $1 05%.
Aftkbnoon Skssion— No sales.
BAULKY — Nothing going on. Feed, 71Vi@
73% c; choice, 76c; i:rewinfc, So@)jsc
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Keoular Jlokxish Bkssion— No sales.
afikrnoon Session — December — 100 tons
76c.
OATS— Milling are quotable at 75@82VaC f, ctl:
fancy Feed, 82Vfe@87i£c: good to choice. 75&80 C;
common to fair, 6~i0(a,72Va: Gray, 72V-(a8Oc; Sur
prise. 90c(a / $i f« ctl.
CORN— Arrivals continue large and the market
rules easy. Large Yellow, bßSi@9ii/ 4 c; Small
Hound do, 97i- a c«ssl; White, t»s(ft9oc *4 ctl.
KYK— 76V4@7H:« /t c ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— riS(&9Oc * Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 12,056
bbls. Net cash prices are: Family extras, »3 76
@3 85 V bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 bbig,d 65; super
fine, 52 75@3.
CORK.MEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, «20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, 21 ~f> ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcesln 10-& sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
+ c; Rye Flour, 3i /4 c: Rice Flour. TVjc; Corn
meal, 284@3c; extra cream do, 3iAc: Oatmeal, '
4 c: Oat Uroats, 4%c: Homltiv, 46t4L4,c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3"Vijc"; Farina.
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; oiled Oats, 4Vic
p, ear l Barley, 4Vac: Split Peas, 4-y A c; Green do.
51/^C f! tb.
HAY AXD FKED3TUFFS.
BRAN— SI 4 60@16 ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16^17 « ton for lower grades
and $17 50@18 50 >i ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16^16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 ~$ ton; jobbinz $21-
Cottonseed oilcake, J?2l '$ ton.
UA V- Wheat, $Btg.ll 60; Oat. 57<5£9: Wheat and
Oat. $8(ftll- Barley, $7(g,9 : Alfalfa. *7@9; Clover,
«6(5,7 50: Compressed Oat. SB 50*8; Compressed
Wheat, $7@lo 60; Stock. *6<*7 si ton.
BTRAW— 3O@SOc « bale.
BEANS AND SEKDS.
BEANS— are quotable at OOc@$l?lctl;
Small Whites, $1 26@1 40 ctl; Pea, $1 25®
1 45^ ctl; mrge Whites, *I©l 15 •$ ctl: Pink,
Bo@97^c; Heds. $1 26; Blackeye. $1 40C41 «6;
Red Kidney. SI 6(i.a. 1 65; Limas, $2 60@2 75-
Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small and $1 25@1 50 for
large. ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60
@2 25 i» ctl: Trieste. f2@2 50 f* ctl; Yel
low Mustard. *1 40(&.l 50; >Tax, $1 70©l 80- Ca
nary, - 3 /ic * tb; Alfalfa, 7V2®»Vi»c 1* a,; Kape,
2y 2 c V It; Hemp, 3V>c >> Ib. VV: *^
DRIED PKAS-ll 25(3.1 40 fi ctl for Niles and
$1 25<gil 45 tor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
1 "- . * "*;^ ■'■"■■ — _ — — " ''■■ ■-i, - "
POTATOES— New Potatoes weaker at 75c@81;
River Btirbanks. 45 .;.M). '^ ctl; Oregon Bur
banks, 65&80 c: Oregon (Same Chiles. 70@35c:
Early Host-, 65@75c; I'etalum* and Toaiales, 55
(StlOc •$, ctl; llumooldt Burbanks. (50f0p75c ctl
ONlONS— Unchanged at $1 50@l 75. New On
: ions are easy al ti6@«oc "$ ctL
VEGETABLES-Arrivals were 593 boxes As
paragus, 306 boxes Rhubarb and 810 sacks Peas.
Asparagus and Peas wen- weaker. Los Angeles
Tomatoes were higher and Mexicans lower. Some
Green Corn was received from Los Angeles.
Summer Squash, $1 25@1 75 t* box: Egg Plant
j ll>c %4 tb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, *I@l 50 "£ box:
Mexican Tomatoes. 75c@$l: Cucumbers, 50c
(a4l Vi dozen; Asparagus, $I@2 %i box for ordi
nary and $2 25@2 50 for extra: Khubarb 50c(4,.«l-
Dried Peppers, 7(g,9c: Green Peppers, 15c pi tt>-
Green Peas, f I@l 25 fi Hack for common and 2«Ac
V a> for Garden; String Beans, B@loc fl tb for Los
Angeles and 12y 2 c for Winters; Horse Beans 35
(4^oc V- sack; Dried Okra. 12i- 2 c; new Cabbage
40c %i ctl; Garlic, 4V«<arsc ?» 11,.
BUTTER, CIJEESK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The feeling is very steady and saYs
over the quotations are reported.
(reamkry — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13V2C
tp lt>.
Dairy— Fancy, 13c; good to choice, 12<ai2VoC*
lower grades, malice. w^^Ya'-,
CHEESE— Fancy mild new is quotable at 7@
77 1 /ac ~$ tt>: common to good, B^c; Cream Cheddar,
10©llcV, \l. Young America. B&9c % &>: West
ern, 10®llc; Eastern. 12<a>13V^c.
EGGS— No further change. Oregon Ecgs, lie "£
dozen; Eastern Eggs. ll(^13i/|c; store Eggs, ll'n)
12c: ranch Eggs, 12@13i,ic: Duck Eggs, 14&1 5 c
P dozen. ■
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— AII descriptions show a tendency
toward lower prices, stocKS being in excess of the
demand. Live Turkeys, lb@l',c ■"$ tb for
Gobblers, 13V415C for Hens: Geese, fl pair, $1@
1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 76; Ducks, $4(q,5 (or old
and $4r(sU 50 for yonng: Hens, $3 So@4 50-
Roosters, young, $6 50@7 50: do, old, $4@4 50-
Fryers, $6 50@6; Broilers. $K0.5 for large and 9J(g,
3 for small; Pigeons, Ci 50© for young and
$1 75 for old. ,
GAME— Hare, 50fd,75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and 91@1 25 ft aoz for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1696 boxes, selling at 3&(0>76c for White and Red
and 75c@$l 50 t* box for Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 620
chests, selling at $8(i»9 'f, chest for Longworlhs
and S4<§s for large berries.
Gooseberries. 30@40c irt drawer and 3@4c ? Ib
in sacks for small and 60@.t50c ft drawer and 6@6c
lb In bulk for large.
Raspberries, 75c@$l 25 H drawer.
Blackberries from Southern California, 92 26 ft
crate.
Currants. 75c@$l box.
CITRUS FRUITS-i imnges. $1 25C<S2 for Seed
lings, $2 50@4 for .Navels, $1 75@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 60<0.2 60 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75cio>*l 25 tor common and $1 50@2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@5 50; Ba
nanas, f I@2 fi bunch; Pineapples, 93(aTti -£». dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, lV«,@2c 9 Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced, and 4@4 Vic for evaporated:
Peaches, 23^@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6i/irg)
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10(31 lc »
Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2i/<c for im
pressed; White Figs. 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c »
0) for evaporated halves, 3V2@Bc f* tb for quarters-
I'nJnts, 3@3V4e: Plums, SiAc » Ib for pitted and
lVi@"cfor unpltted; Nectarines, 3V<i(Ssct<tb for,
prime to choice and 6iAc for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4fdili/,c
%»tb; sun-dried. li/,rd.'_»c: Punches,- :^4c and 6(a Or
for fancy; peeled in boxes. ll<ai2V 2 c: Prunrs;4c
for four sizes, 6@5VaC for 40®50's and 4iA@sc
for 50@60's: Apricots. «Va©9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3>Ac:
White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 8c lb for evapor
ated halves and 4@7VgC for quarters; Plums
3Va@4c for pitted and l(oil V 2 o for uupitted; Nec
tarines. 4@Sc lb for prime to choice."
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3 ,4 c%i lb; ; 3-crown. loose, 2 Vic: 2
' crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3V>@334c: see<lleHs
Muscatels, 2V2@»?4c: three-crown I o'udnn layers
7<»c » box: clupters. $1 M(a.l 50: Dehesa clusters,
$2 10@'J 'J6; Imperial clusters, $2 60S'-* 75; Dried
Grapes. ■ tt>.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown ' loose. 31/2 C; 3
: crown, 2»/i<S3c: 2-crown, 2i.'4@2Vi!C. Seedless Sul
:anas, 4c V* Ib; Seedless -Muscatels, 3c; S-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters,' $1 50@l 75
-. Dehesa clusters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, «2 76;
I Dried Grapes. . JJUlafi'M I HIM 111 1 11 tntt
NUTB— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc » tb
I for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c V S) for paper-shell, Job
bine lots: Almonds, 6@~i/«c l* tb for Languedoc
and B%<aioc for paper-shell, Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuu, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts. B@9c: Brazil Nuts. 9@loc
lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50®5 •& 100.
_ HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft for
bright and hte'Jc « ft for lower grades; water
white extracted. &fa.si,.e H ft: light amber ex
tracted, 4V4&4«4c; dark amber. 4c; dark, 2@Jsc.
BEESWaj:-26@27%c V ft.
PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c '$ ft for heavy, 7c
for light medium,' 9c r B) for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c V n, for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams. 11 %c; California Hams. 10c * lb;
Mess Beef, $7 60(o,«- extra mess do, $8 50@9: fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $H 60@9: extra
clear. *]4 bbl: mess, $12 * bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c %a lb. . ' .
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at e^c fi Ib
for compound and 63ic for pure: palls, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6Vic tor compound and t>%c for
nure: half-bbls, 6V*@flV c '<:: I 0 "10 tins, 71 Ac; do 6-tt>,
7%c tb, ■
COTTOLENE— 634 cm tierces and 7%c V Ib In
10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The Eastern markets are
all firm and this market is showing more tone in
sympathy, though there is no improvement in
prices yet. Heavy salted steers are quotable at
6%@7c ■{* Ib: culls and brands, s%(£<ic fi lb:
medium. 5%(^6c ~$ n>: culls and brands, 4%
'i.V: light, sc: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides. 6c
ft It'; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c > tb;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
10-lOc; culls and brands. 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7@Bc; cuns, s@6c: dry Calf. 16c; culls, 10c: Goat
skins, 20(<t35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer,2D@3oc; medium, ls@2sc; winter, 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
20@36ceach: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
66c each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@£%e; No. 2, 3c:
refined, 6%©53,4 c: Grease. 2%c fT tb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c; San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c ft &>;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, '<(<sßc; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4i2@6i.oc; northern free, 7
@9c: do, defective, 5@6%c f> tb.
HOPS— We quote nominally 2@4c lb.
GENJKKAL MKKCHANUISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bans, spot, 94 10@
4 15; June-July delivery, *4 30@4 25; San Quen-
Un, 9* 'JO; Wool Bags, 24V£@"<- >tf Vfec-
COAL— Wellington, $8?Uon: New Wellington,
98 t* ton; Soutntleld Wellington, 87 50 "$, ton;
Seattle. $SYa,S 60; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, 94 50;
Wallsend. 86 60; Scotch, 97 60: Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, 913 50 In bulk and 815 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11: Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, 910 50 In bulk and 912 60 y ton in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all tji.i>c; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' A, 5* 4 c; Magnolia A. 6V4C: Extra
C, 5V 8 c: Golden C, be: half-barrels, \%.a more
than barrels, and boxes V2O more.
SYkUP— Golden, In bois, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
ii gal.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT BIAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
ter*- are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s@sVkc; second do, 4%@
4 + <-; third do, 3%@4c "0 Ib.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c »* !b.
MUTTON— Wethers, 5@5%c; Ewes. 4%@5c
%* Ib. -
LA Spring Lamb, 6®6%c f lb.
PORK— Live llotcs, SA3I4C # lb for large and
3 !l /tiC<$3%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@b%c V Ib.
KECEIPT.S OK PRODUCE.
for 24 Horns.
flour. qr. sks B.3l7|Eces. dor 15,900
Wheat, ctls 40.610 Hlaes. no 950
Barley. ctU 2,7511 lelts. ........ 4*6
Corn, ctls 3,1-11 Wool, bis 379
Beaus, sks. 2, ll!7j Leather. r0115.. .,» 173
Potatoes, ska- 1.265 Wine, pals 51. '.'00
Onions, 702 Brandy. sals 2.9^6
Br»n. Kks. „ 425 Quicksilver, naitt l. r
MUdliugs. sks. 162' linn M feet... 20
Hay. ton*. _ 38SfHops, bis 30
Butter, ctls 384 Tallow, ctls 50
Cheese, ctls. 212 Lime, bbls 200
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Shares Irregular, hut Hold
Their Own.
'ihe Comstock . were very irregular yesterday,
but the market held its ground in almost all cases
and advanced In many. The lc aderj shown! no
gains over Tuesday, the best price for Choliar be-
Ing $3 05 and for Con. Cal. it Virginia $3 CO. The
stocks that advanced and their best figures were:
Best & Belcher *-' 15, Challenge 75c, Gould &
Curry $2, Mexican $1 40. Ophir «2 90. Occidental
$2 23, Potosi $1 90, Savage *1 25, Sierra Nevada
$1 60, Union *1 30 an.l Utah 30c Hale * Nor
cross did not reach its besi price of Tuesday and
halted xt 52 10. The bulk of the business was
done on the noon Informal session, as usual. -
The close was quieter.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was fairly active.
Hutchimon Plantation advanced to $26% and Ha
waiian Commercial to $191.4.
The Potosi assessment fails due to-day and the
Bullion delinquent sale takes place also.
The annual meeting of the Mlver Hill Mining
Company has been called for May 25.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Julia « on. Mining company will be held on May
21, to decide what disposition shall be made of the
stock in the company's treasury.
The Skagit Cumberland Coal Company has
levied an assessment of 3 cents per ahare, delin
quent June 12.
BOAltl) SALES.
Following were th« »aiai la the San Fmn^liao
Btocit Board yesterday:
KKm-i.AK MORNINO SKS!IION COVMKNCINO 9:30.
400 Alpha 31 60 Confl ...1.55700 Overman 25
600 30 300 Crwn Pt.. 80701) P0t051...1.40
350 Alia. 20400 82:1200.. . 1.38
200 19 300 8: 1600*avage...90
1000 Andes.. .so 1000 Exchqr..l'4 30 1.10
450 Belcner...B7iUso v ot C... 1.201300 Scorpion 09
350 B & 8. .1.65 1000 1.15500 . . 10
450 1.80 720 H<£N_..1.90!300 Sen 8e1....25
550 8u11i0n. . .2(,'400Mexcan... 9f.|300 26
400 -.'BIOO 97 200 Nev.. 140
100 Challge. .Bi)500 1.00 950.. . .. 135
h011ar2.50,J00 „... 9H SOU Union. 97
150 2.65 500 Occld ... 1.95 100 98
160 2.70 850 2.1,0 60 1 00
1050 CC&V. 3.00:100 2.05 600 Utah... 19
100 3.05 600 ODhlr.. .2.15400 V Jackt .71
200 3.10 200 Overmn-.24l
AFTKRNOOX BE3SION— 2: 30.
650 Alpha 30 100 Conn.... 1.70 100 0ph1r...2.70
500 Alta. 20 450 C P0int... 95 100 275
400 Andes 66300 96100 2.60
700 Belcher... 97|loo 94300.. ..!.".'..' 255
150 86 300 .. 171300 Ovrmn.... 30
750 B & 8.. 1.90 1 400 . . „. .20250 29
100 Bonanza.. 2s 650 G & C... 1.60:100 27
4008u1110a....33|100 1.55450 Potosi!!i'.7o
100 32 150 1.501 60 1.65
500 500 1.45 10.0 Savacel.ls
900 8ui wer.... 40 100 1.401200 !? 120
100 Caleda....l6jllsoH<fciS..l.9ol7OOHegßei...3O
100 Challge. ..7oilOO Julia 20 600 S Nev 145
300 Us 1000 Justice ..24 100 . 1.50
I*o 78i1400 K-n1u0k10300511H111....07
100 Ch011ar..2.75 350 Mexicn.l.ls 200 .. 08
*R5!,Y«:i:;;- aIOOa 100 1.10100 Uniuu 120
500CC*.V...3.30;(00 Mono 20 500 ... 1 30
JOO 3.35&00 NG & C... 800 UUlii [...„»«
100 3.4 900 0ccdt1...2.00 300 V Jackt. .B3
'-WO 3.251160 1.05 600 .....84
50 C0nn.. 1.80 100 0ph1r....2.76 200 85
200 1.75
Following wera tne sales In the Pacifla atook
«oard yesterday i
AKTKRNOON BJCSSION— 2:3O.
800 Alpha. .... 30 100CC&V..3.45 100 Ophlr.. .2 45
iOO 34 250 Conti.. .1.45 400 ... '..2.40
100 Alia 17 12000 in. o-1 100 Ovrmn .25
600 19 50 CrwnPl...7ti 100 .... 2H
100 Ande5.... 44 400 77 550 Potoi; ..1.25 i
250 50100 HO 50 1.35
400 8e1cher....83U50 Excbqr...l(l 100 . la,'.
500 99 50 Q «fc C..1.15 150 1.4.,
!iOO 1.00 200 I.l7Vi|3OU 1.42Va
200 8A8.... 1.45 50... 1.25310 . "..... .i.fio
500 1.50 100 2<ioSavaf*....B3
850 1.95 200 1.86200 90
1-00 2.00 200 1.75,300 92
400 2.05 100 H&N... 1.75 200 . 1.00
-00 ; 2.10 100 1.80 1000 1.10
100 Bodle 60 100 2.05 300 Scorplon..o7
100 8u11i0n.. .28;400 Julia ....20 800 H8ttM....30
JOO 2'J 100 Justice.. ..2o 2oo 31
100 30200 .....21 300 •i Ner..1.15
.400 34 200 Kentuck-.1U200 1.20
-00 ..-..35300 .09700 1.35
100.. 38 10U Mexican. .« 6 1000 1.40
100 Bulwer ..38 200 97 100 Union C. 90
100Caleda....U|1000.. 1.15: 50 92
100 ChiUliit!... ss4oo 1.25 KM) 1.00
500 Ch011ar.2.40 150 . .1.30400 1.06
- ou 2.35J200 Occtd 174 150 1.20
100 /. 2.60400 1.86:300 1.25
6ut > •••' 2.95 700 1.82Va1000 Utah.... 18
900 .........3.00 500 2.0*600 ...: 19
-00 1.86 100 2.25 200 YJackei..6H
500 CC<fcV...3.o() 200 2.20200 68
60 ........3.15250 0ph1r... 2.15 150 .70
100 3.10 50 2.20 100 .....78
- 0 " 3.30150 ...... 2.40 700 80
100 3.401750 2.50,
"ot'Uß BKSHION— IO:3U..
600 Alpha 2H6000C N V...05 350 0ph1r.... 2.70
40° 31 100 C 1mp.. .041100 : 2.80
400 A1ta....... 20 400 ..;.;....'.. 061250 ' 2.50
200 Ande5. .. .54300 C Point.. .901400 2»/s
200 Blchrl.o2V2'looo Exchqr..lf) 100 2.47
100 M..> 300 16.200 1.77
100 9ti 100 . .....171100.. 1.70
8<«O B& 8...2.05 60 C... 1.80:100 .......1.72V.
1"U 2.10200 ...... .1.77% 1000 Bavagel.3o
bOO 2.00750 1.60200 1.24
4 00 .-. 1.«5'300 .- ...1.70,'tf00 1.10
2 •••••• -1-95 ! 100 1.62^200 1.07
200Bodle 75 100.... ...1.70500 1 17U.
200 Bullion... 39 100 H&N... 1.90 400 1.15
200 37,200 1.85 200 Bcorpion_lo
*o°, ••••.......40;4OO Julia 20 200 S 8&M....H8
*00- • • M 400 Justice. ...22 400 ...SO
200 8u1wer....45 500 tick..) o 500 a Nev..1.30
t°iM^ le , d 15500 L Wa5h. ...05 100 1.45
3JO Challuire..7s Mxcan.l.36'4ooo S Hi 11 ....06
Jo " ••• -70,200.... 1.401000 07
20 ........... .76330 1.15300 Unlonl.22Va
.00Ch0iiar..3.1)0,300 :.1.17V2'100 ....... 1.20
2| '' 2.P0:i00 ..; I.O^JOO Utah .'....28
"0 2.8.-, 100 1.30 300 29
- 110 •• 2.8J'200 M0n0.... .19300 YJaCi«...BS
-' 00 ••• 2.7.t4000ccdt1...2.16 .....86
•-00 :.. 2.70 300 . 3. 20300 ... 87
200CC&V...3.50100 2.05400 '.'.^.'.'. 85/
JOO - 3.40200 0vrmn.... 28 100 go
100 Conti.... 1.75200 ...........89 100 ... 83
100 1.70 I 
CLOSINCr QUOTATIONS.
- WEDNESDAY. May 13-4 p.m.
&i*.jls*ni.i Hi-1. Atk«d.
* PnaCon 29 30 Jackson..'...... 40 -
All » ........... 19 2l!Jnlia. ......~ 19 22
An , a f« 64 56 Justice „.. 23 25
n!«* e &V 1.05 LlOKentacK. 10 11
°*«* Belc n«2.00 2.051 Lady Wasn.... - 05
tl.t 1 .™ 1 * ......_ 80 -Mexican _ 1.20 1.25
BentonCoa..^ .16 . -Mono ; . ...... 19 -
S°"» on ~ 35 37Nevada<4ueea. - 05
° l ' lw « r - 40 -Occidental 2.20 2.25
Caledonia...... 16 ! Ophir...;. 2.50 2.55
cholJ » r "- 2.90 3.00 Overman .27 30
*-° -, c *L*Va.».4O 3.60 Potosi »ni1.65 1.70
LcallenßeCan. 74 76 fcav»r« „ 1.15 1.20
coo . Imperial. 04 05 f-eg. Belehsr... 28 30
U>nflaenoe 1.70 1.80 bcorpion . 10 11
Con.NewYonc. 05 -jeierra ««Taa*. 1.60 1.56
rQ ! r 1 ? Poini... 91 95lPUTerHUl...« 06 07
£astSierra2iav ■_ O6|UnionCon 1.20 1.25
Exchequer..... 18 19Ltan.. 27 29
i., !<1 *. Curry. 1.70 1.80 Yellow JacKM. 84 86
bale * A orcr«. 1. 2.00
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
400Ama1ie..... 200 1400 Lock wood Con 38
*°" « 205100 „ 39
300 ••- ~ 310 . Providence
Champion Bid 66 00
*>'«! •■• 25 00 100 Savannah 39
Asked 8000100 40
100 Grant. 13 100 42
100.: 14 600 ..-.....*. 43
Kennedy 300 . .44
**"!••'• 9 50 500 Sebastopol 62
Asked 1100 500 61
Keystone. 400 „ 63
B »d v ; 65 001700 „ 66
500 Lockwood Con.. 36'
LOCAL SBCCKITIBS.
Bid 50 Oceanic Steamship- 29 00
Bid 30 San Francisco Gas. . . 93 00
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank ".'. 1300 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. May 13 -2 r. v.
IMTI II STATKi BOSOi.
Bid. Atkcd. BH. Atfead.
Do, B n2w*lsf."ll7S _ v 8«s ret...lOt>ValO»
Da new is... 117i^ -
WKIBITII Mow Bf>VD».
Cal-fltCbleßs. — 113 Do. 24 Iss As. - '— =V
CalElc«L6s. - . 128% PAO Ry 6s. 105 130
CntraCW6s. 96% 98 |P«6Ch Rrfti. - 107
Djint-st ex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st-RRB*. - 116 Va
E<lsnL&P6s. — 1221 A Reno. WL&L - 105
F&CHKRBS.IOSS/, - !RlverWCo6s - 100
l>earr-Btßss. 102 JO4V« tactoP & L.. - lOaVi
LoßAneL6s. - 103 6F*NPRR»sIO2 102Va
Do,Gnted.6s. _ 103 bPRRAriz6s - 97 Va
Ma>atCble6sl23 - BPRRCaI6s- 108V%Ul
DoßyConss-106Va - Bl'itKCalOs. - -
£*« CNBR7a - 95 105 Bi'BrßCaia*. 88* 8 -
>• PCRK6s. - 107 SVWater6s..llß%ll9Vs
J Ry Cat 6s. 102y 3 106 b\'Water4s... 99*99%
i^Bycaios. — 100 stkiti(i«tEai - 101
Oak Gas 65. . 00 104% SunstT<tT6s. 100 -" > ,
D0,2d15555.103% - Kutter-»LRSs.IO7Vi —
S" o^ l^?.^"" 9^* - VUiai4WCi " - W
*acitollM6s_ — — - ■
WATKR STOCKS.
SP nt»Coßt*n t»CoBt* 39 41 |6anJos« 75 100
MarinCo.... 60% - |SpringVaUey 99 Vi «0 3 / i
*A •< 6Tf)CKS. ■..-'
*rl»al — 38 Pacific Light. 4n«A 4*
"Wl'V*' m ~ San *• raacsco 9'i3^ 93
OakOL&H. 61 - btockton. .... -..'.* 21%
PacOaslmp. «6% 86*4
'.,■ INMOBASi 1 ««iT>>OK».
riremansFd.l7oV» — |Sun 41 _
COMMERCIAL B*VK RTn Kl.
ArnorP.ATa — — |LondonP&A.l2BV4l'J9
: Anglo-Cal... 51 69 ! London&.-Sk\ — 27%
; Bank of CaL.239 242% Merch Ex-., la —
CaIBDATCa. 5J0,4 64 ii Nevada — —
Firsts 178 183 % bather JJ'cbu — .. — -^
Grangers — — — [
SA VINCIH BANK STICK!.
CcrS<&LOo..]4ls — Pav&Loan.. _ 100
HnmbH.fcL.lloo 1450 Security... . — 260
Mutual 37% — Union Trust. — 810
M'bavl'muu — 485 j
STRKKT RAILROAD BTOCKI.
California.... — 110 ■Oak.BL&Hay — 100
I tieary-st 65 75 Presidio...-. 73,1 10
; Market-si... 451,4 45 Sutter-ai - ' —
!•>..>•. >.X STIICKi.
; Atlantic D... 16% 17-i/i-Jndson... . — —
! Ettht-rnD... — 90 (Giant. 24 25
California.... 80 115 iVigom. — 95c
MI-CKLI.ANI.or* *T'>-:iC«.
Alaska Piers. 96 — OceanlcSSCo 20 27%
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 iPacAuxFA.. 1 f _
1 CaICotMUU.. — — !pac Borax.. 9& 100
I CalDrvDoclc — — PacI&NCo. — SO
EdlsonLlgav.ll7%llß% I'ucßoll Mill — - — ". ;
■ UasConAsio. — — . ,ParfPaintC(X 6% 7%
I Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransO* — 24 "
HawCASCo. 19V4 19% l'acT&TOa 55 70
; HoichSPCou - 1 .; « -Jti • KunsetTAT.. 41 —.:
JudtonMfgC. — — iVuiKiJOOj.. — 26
alerExAasalOO 110 I
BALK9— MORNIVI SBSSIOX.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 40 00
SO Hutchicson S P Co ._ 26 25
I 270 ■do do 28.10
■ $.000 Miirke'-st Con 5* Bonds 105 50
25 ~ V Gaslight 92 75
50 S V Water ; 99 25
Street —
100 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 26 00
. 16 Markei-st Hallway '.." 45 50
-. 20 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
' MAI.KS — AITEKNUiIv SK99IOV.
• Board —
100 Hawaiian Commercial..... 19 26
100 .Hutchlnson S P Co. 26 87%
200 . do do 26 '4b
25 Oakland Gas 61 50
25 SF Gaslight, b 3 93 00
:'. Street— .",-•'»■
25 Hutchlnson 3 P Co. '. 26 62%
225 do do 26 75
I 200 S V Water 99 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A. P. and Ella E. Hotaling to A. P. Hotaling
Sr., lot on E line of Franklin street, 63:6 N of
Clay. ti 64:2V S by E 137:6: $10.
A. Barnard and Oeori^e M. liurlbnt to Maggie
Mero.'loi on s line of Birch street, 220 \V of Octa
via. W 25 by B 60: *10.
Simon and Sarah Wolf to . Thomas and Bridget
Sexton, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 26:6 N of
Elizabeth, N 26 by S 100 ; $1 0.
- Frederick F. and Agues M. Heine to F. O. Sjogren,
lot ou N line of Day street, 230 \V of Noe, W 25
by N 114; $10.
. Adolf Rick to Frances Rick, lot on N ' line of
Clipper street, 295 W of Camro, W 25 by N 114;
also lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 200 >V of
j Douglas. W 50 by N 114; ffift.
- William S. Sampson to E. - M. Railton. lot on N
line of John street, 137:6 E of Mason, £ 22:11 by
N 60; *10.
, Kdwnrd M. and Mary C. Railton to Isaac Less
man, same: $10.
- Henrietta I. v olby to Baptiste, John and Antone
Dt.'vincenzi. lot on s corner of Fargo and Boardman
places. SE 25 by SW 76:6; $10.
Adolph Sutro to M. C. McKinney, lot on W line
of Thirty-fifth avenue, 125 S of Clement street, S
25 by W 120; $400.
Dora Cohn to Etta Shemanski, lot on \V line of
Eleventh avenue, 350 S of M street, S 50 by W
120: $10.
• Jules J. Fourguet to Theophile Schroeder, lot 10.
block 36, Sunnyside: $1. - |
- Auguste Drioton 10 Joseph Drioton, commencing
at a post in fence on N side road to Ocean House,
from which post the BE corner of a new house
bears N 62% deg, W 1.29 chains, N 46 dog, W 50
links, N 60V3 tleg, W 87 links, 8 88V2 deg, W 46
I links, 3 BOV3 deg. W 74 links, S 341^ deg, W 2.50
chains, s 46% dog, W 2.06 chains. N 1114 deg.
! R 11.88 chains, S 7834 deg, E 4.54 chains, 8 1 IVi.
: W 7.87 chains: also commencing at a post In a
1 fence on S side road to Ocean House, the fence
post' on the SE corner of tract on the N side of
road bears N 9 deg. W 1.10 chains. N 461/4 deg,
IW. 1.20 chains; H 751 4 desr. W76 links, '8 33%
I deg, \V 2.17 chains, s 46 deg. W 1.92 chains. »
BV3 <J<-g, E 7.29 chains, N 80 Va dec, E 4.54 chains,
N 9Vb dog, W 9.02 chains to beginning, varia
tion 16V4 cleg east, section 19, township 2 S. R 5
W. together containing 8 acres, being portion San
Miguel Kancho; $20.
ALAMEDA COUXTV.
Bessie P. Chapman to Nelson J. Chapman, lot on
! W line of Sixth slre-t. 105 s of Gilmau, s 50 by W
j 129. being lots & and 6, Mock 20. I. M. Wentwbrth
1 Boot and Shoe Company's Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Hurry W. and Jeannetie Davis to William H. F.
Barbe, lot 20, Peralta-avenue Tract, Berkeley
Towns ip; $10.
j J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to Mary A.
Hurryhne and J. I*. Dieves, lot on sW corner of
I Tantn and West streets. W 80 by 5 33:4, block 111,
i Oakland: 10.
E. L. Iliggins to John J. O'Rourkc. lot on N line
of Walton or Thirty-fifth street, 281 W of Tele
graph avenue, W 60 by N 120, being a portion of
the Brown Tract, Oakland; »10.
John J. and Kssie C. O'Bourke to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Building and Loan Association, snme: $5.
Alfred Bushnell to Joseph F. Fleming, lot on W
line of Twenty-first avenue, 65 N of hast Twenty
tl-.inl street, N 50 by W 127 :6. being lots 29 and
30, block 76, map of lots in B.ooklyn. East Oak
land; #10.
John H. and Caroline Addicks to Emilie Serb,
lot ou E corner of First avenue and Summer
street, NE 75 by SE 100. being portion of Locksley
Square Tract, Oakland Township: $600.
Patrick and Maggie Cahtil to Alfred Rogers, lot
on N line of Delaware street. 16(5 W of Milvia, W
PO by N 135, being lot 25, block B, Janes Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Frank .M. and Rose H. Wilson to Clara B. Bailey,
lot' 3 and s y t of lot 4, block 26, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley; $10.
<ottlob Rayer et al. (by commissioner) to A. W.
Scban-r, lot on SW line of Castro street, 150 SE of
Calhoun, SE 50 by sW 160. lot 4, block 19. Hay
wnnls, Eden Township: also lot on SE line of Cal
honn street, 125 SW of Oantro, thence along Cal
houn 50, SW 150, NE 60, NE 150 to beginning,
being lot 18, block 19. same, Eden Township; al«o
lot ou SW line of Castro street, 100 SE of Cnlhoun,
XX 60 by SW 125. being loi 3, block 19, same,
Eden Township: $5184.
Philip Anspacher to John Suendermnnn, tho SE
half or lot lb, block A, AnspachorTrac . being a
D'subd! vision of a portion of May wards' Tract,
Eden Township: $10.
Johu A. and Ella O. Slmonson to Andrew j. Nor,
lot on S. line of Campbell street, 78 N of Liucoin,
E 100 by N 26, Oakland; $10.
Henry A. Luja to F. SchimmelDfennlg, lots 16
and 16, block E, Knowles A Potter's subdivision of
Kennedy Tract, East Oakland: $10.
F. Schimmripfennig to Henry A. Louia, same,
East Oakland; $10.
Frederick aud Henrietta 8. Carlsen to Edward C.
Newell. lot on sW line of East seventeenth street.
120 N*w of Twenty-second avenue, xw 30 by sw
14", block 37. v an Anionlo, to correct 532, (153,
East Oakland: $10.
i atherine K. Perry to James E. and Frances
Young, lot on N line of Fortv-lifth street, 165 E of
West. E 25 by N 100, beirg the E half of lot 27,
block 2-109. Alden Tract at Temcscal (subject to a
mortgage for $850), Oakland Township; $10.
Mary D. Murphy to Lizzie Burns (in trust for
Lillian Crombli;.), lot 98, Potter Tract. Berkeley;
grant.
Emll Grcenebaum to Antonio Homem, the W
fraction of lots 7 and 8, northern addition to town
of Livermore; 9360.
Mary Yore to Rose Tully, lot on W line of Henry
street, 250 N of West Third, N by W 125, Oak
land: gift.
Georgiana L. Mendenhall to Charles J. Burnett,
lot on N lint: of Campbell strt-et, 129:9 W of West.
W 35 by N 140, heing lot, 3, block 2033 E. Mnp Of
Henry subdivision of block E, Whlti-her, Brock
hurst and Roland Tract, Oakland: also lot 16,
block 2025, Whitcher Tract, Oakland, map 2, sub
ject to« mortgage; $10.
Union Savings Bank to Alice S. Bennetts, re
record of 695 d SSI, lot 55, map of Pacific Theo
logical srminarv Tract, Oakland; $10.
Nathaniel G. Tobey to George E. sleeper, lot 9,
block 11. Herzog Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
h. Jr. and Blanche Mathieu to Frank M. Wilson,
lot 14. block 6. Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10.
F. J. and Dell C Woodward to Mary Benjamin,
lot on W line of Boston avenue, 89.75 N of I'al
metto street. N 40 by W HO. being lot 40. block A.
Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
Gustav Walter and A. Waltersteln with Silas
Carle, to erect a pavilion on chute Grounds, near
the park, «73OO; Knoth «S Behrnal, architects.
Owen Mcwugh with F. W. Knight, alterations
and additions to three-story frame buildine on NE
corner McAllister and Baker streets, $2350; C. J.
I. Devlin, architect.
The Cocopah volcanoes, seventy-five
miles southwest of Yuma, Ariz., were in
violent eruption a week or so since. The
larger one were emitting jzreat volumes of
smolce and some ilames, and the smaller
ones were throwing out quantities of water,
stones and mud. The roar of the erup
tions could be heard twenty miles or more.
It is said that good cider and milk mixed
in certain proportions have been success
ful in cases of long-standing sickness baf
fling; all efforts of regular practitioners in
Germany.
•—«• — «. — «
THE CALL CALENDAR.
A
Bu. Mo. To. \V_ Th. V^ s«. Moon", Phases.
12 " ~
i (7\Laat Quarter.
!'-*• May 4.
3 4 5 0 7 8 9 I —
i <PSi New Moon.
10 11 12 13 j141516 J^ May 12.
17 18 19 j2O 21 22 23 ] First Quarter
, \dJ May 19.
24 25 26 27 j2Bj 29 30 ;
— fj^\ Full Moon.
31 I ;___-_ \<M) May 26.
• i : i i I'
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMER. |DESTIXATION. |
SAILS.
| PIKR.
Farallon.... I aaulna Buy. I May 14, 9am 'Pier 3
Cmaillla....! Vie «£ PR and Mayl4. PierS
*: Paul Newport May 9am | Pier II
Empire Oregon ports.. May 16. Pier 13
Pomona . Uumboldtßay Mayl7. Vpm Pler9
Corona San Diego..... Mayi7,ilAM 1 1'ier 11
Colombia... j Panama Maylß.l2 m P MSS
Columbia... : Portland i May 18, , Pier 24
Arcata Oregon ports. .: May 10. 9am, Pier 24
CltyPuebla.. Vie & Pgt Knci j May 19. »aii : Pier 9
Kurefca.... Newport Mayia »am I'lorlL
Armso Coos ««t May2U.IOAM ! Pier I.*
U'eeott Eel.Kiver I.May2o. 9am PI«»r 13
China ! China Japn. j May "JO. 3pm I'M 8 S
A Blancharu Oregon ports.. M:iv'2l.l(;am fier 13
SantftKosa.. Man Dleeo MHy2I.IIAM . Pier 11
Picie of Cai Portland. „ May23.lOAM Pier'J*
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer
Kk.iji
I DUB
Crescent City. .. Crescent City.. May 14
Empire Portland MnylS
Washtenaw Tacoma MaylG
L'orona Sun Diego. May 15
City ot Pueoia.. Victoria Jt Puget Sound ..May 15
Columbia Portland .May]s
City of Sydney. Panama „ May 15
Australia. Honolulu May 16
romona. Hum bold; Bay May 16
Kuretta _.. i Newport , M iV 1 ti
Arcaia Portland May lt>
Mackinaw ■ I nconia May 17
Iruckee Tillamook May 17
\\>»-ott. | Eel River May 17
Araeo lcoo« Bay May 1H
Ranta Kosa. [ San uioaro.. May 19
Belgtc China and Janan I ..May 19
North fans.... liumboidt bay [..May 19
Allceßlancnartl ' Portland May 19
Walla Walla — ! Victoria* Pugec Sou no ..May 20
EiateofCal j Portland May 20
I)«M Norte Grays Haroor May ?0
Paul Newport May -1
Han Bias I'mmma I. .Mat 22
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. R. Coast *>t> Gkodktio SnnvEY Tins'*
Bn.LKTiN Published BY Official V
ArTHOBITY OF THIC SOPERISTESDKST. )
Thursday May 14.
Sonrlsas *.69|Moon rises
Sunsets 7.1-1 1 Moon 5ue5....... 9.30PM
I lil!i£ Feet!lil^|Feet!lll^ ! F.et! 1 1121 Feet
3 1 L• W 111 W | L W | H \V
Uj 6.45!— 0.71 2.25 3.41 6.051 2.5 11.47; 6.7
15; 7.261-0.8! 3.16 3.3| 6.48 2.7 1
H. W I Feet il. W FeetiH W Feet L WFwt
16 O.'.'S 6.7 i 8.11 — 1.0 l 4.0«| a 7 7.46 3i.
IT; : l.i 5.2 9.001—0.81 4.54J 4.1 9.00 1 3.1
18' 2.19' 4.6 9.52—0.6J 6.HX' 4.3 10.'J4 2.8
19 3.441 4.4 10.47 1— 0.1 6.17' 4.7!11.44 : 2.4
■'0 5/J2 4.1 11.511 03 6.561 4.9!.... ..
:sote— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are Riven in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are bnt three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
sounding on the United States Coast Survey
chitrts. cxo'pt when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from :he dentil given by -he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
BBISCH HYDROftRAPHIOOrnCK. XJ. S. N. ■»
Merchants' ExciiA.voit V
San Francisco. May 13. 189«. )
The time ball on Telegrapn hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. a.. Ureenwich time.
A. F. Fkcutelek,
Lieutenant U. s. N.. in • nur;\
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, May 13.
Stmr St Paul, Green, 74 nours from San Pedro
and way ports: pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
<tCo.
Brig Galilee. Dlnsmore, 31 days from Tahiti;
pass and mdse, to Mathew Turner.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 10 hours from
Flsks Mill: 74 els wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordhng, 20 hours from
Timber Cove: 6000 posts. 24 eds wood, to R A
Gilbride & Co.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, 6 days from Grays
Harbor: -90 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 46 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer it Co; 100
cs cream, to Point Reyes Creamery Co. |
Schr Gem, Olsen. 6 days from Grays Harbor;
lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
, . Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, May 13.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. Guaymas; Goodall, Per
kins <& Co.
Stmr Umattlla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send ; Goodall, Perkins it Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, - Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, May 13.
Stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Weeott. Whitney. Eel River.
1 Stmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka. '
Stmr Cleone, Miller Crescent City.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Brig W (i Irwln, Smith. Honolulu.
Schr Ralph J long, Jensen, Snislaw.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramsellus, Eureka.
Schr Pnrkersburjj, Jorgonson. Coqullle River
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen.
Schr Rio Rey, Isigkeit, Coquiile River.
Schr Li lie bo tine, Hansen.
Charters.
The Br ship Kynance loads coal at Nanaimo for
this port; Br ship Yarkand, lumber at Port Blake
ley for Calcutta, owners' account; Br ship Awan.
more. lumber a- Chemalnui* for Sydney 3"s 6d-
Br bark Doxford, lumber at Portland for Valpal
raiso for orders, Pis&gua range. 5
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Slav 13-10 p. lL—Weathar
hazy; wind NW: velocity 12 miles. w Mt
Domestic . Ports.
K^ToS^o 11 - 8111164 May 13 - SCI - Jose P^
l er!'Fro ) rs O E-ur\ r k r aT ed May Bertha
Sailed May 12-schr Chas E Falk for Port
BTB T 1 iT??;;^. hr^ Zal^\ for Port Town'end P °"
TATOOSH-Passed May 13-Ship Dashin" Wave
hence May 2. for Tncoma: bark Mercury hencl
May 2. for Blakeley; bark Forest Queen, hnc
May A, tor Seattle: bk:n NorthwesU hence May
lor Seattle; s:.ur Willamette, from Seattle? fJr
%£&£%?*£%.?£>**- Jeb -- —
Pug^Tlo ii n Ad:AmVe<lA d: AmVe<l MyM ' y 13 ~ Stmr S 'B na! ' from
failed May 13-Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
rßnmr nm^ ß T -* NG ELES-Salled May 13-Br ship Ar "
ranmore, for Chemalnus. .
DMD Ma y D 0 o7 ArriVe<l>lay 13 ~ StmT NeW9bOy '
he^ce n Ma^r ArrlVed May I SChr L ' Zz!e Prlen '
Sjui L pef XA ~ Arrlved M * v 13-Schr Alice, from
San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived May 13-Schr
Newark, hence May 2.
I SAN DIEGO-Arrlved May 13— H B M stmr
Icnrui.
SANTA CRI -Arrived May 12— Schr Mary A
Gilbert, from Ensenada, bound for San Francisco.
Put in on account of heavy sea. ' '
Fjord* PEDKo— Arrived May 13-Schr Ottllie
F]o;d.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived May IS-Schr
Ethel Zane, from Honolulu; schr Twilight, from
Alaska. ' . ' " • '
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 13— Bark
Mercury, hence May 2.' "
Foreign Ports.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 10— Brshlp Claver
don, from Oregon.
ADELAIDE— Arrived May 12— Haw bark
Fooling Suey, from New York. /
HONGKONG— Arrived May 12— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
MARQUKs -Arrived May 12— ship Galgate,
from Port Blakelejv
LIVERPOOL— balled May 12— Br ship Eurasia
for Oregon.
j Movements of rrnn«- Atlantic) Stni'nufi.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Dresden,
from Bremen: stmr Teutonic, from Liverpool and
Queenstown: stmr Havel, from Bremen and
Southampton.
Sailed May 13— Stmr Paris, for Southamnton;
stmr Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr Noordland,
for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 13— Stmr
New York; stmr Spree, and proceeded.
Sailed May 13— Stmr Trave, for New York.
1 ROTTERDAM— Arrived out May 13— 8tmr
Mausdam.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out May 13— Stmr
Thln'-rvnlla.
LIVERPOOL- Sailed May 13— Stmr Rbynland.
for Philadelphia. *
PHILADELPIA— CIeared May 13— 3tmr Neth
erlaml. for Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 13-stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
BBACHY HE AD— Passed May 12— 3tmr Phiß
nicia, from Hamburg, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed May 13— Stmr Massachusetts,
from New York, for London.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— St Paul— 4 sks chili peppers. 1
cs cigars, 5 bxs lemons, 63 bxs oranges, 35 bdl*
lumber, 1(5 pkgs mdse, 9 bdls wire screens, -^s
pkes'tron, 4 bdls chairs, 2 bdls sheet iron.
San Pedro— ls sks abalone meat, 1 sk fins.
Los Angeles via East San Pedro— 4 pkgs mdse,
19 bxs 3 bbls varnish, 1 bbl oil paint.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 2 pkgs mdse.
East San Pedro — 312 sks corn.
Hueneme— U pkgs mdse.
Ventura— 4 bxs butter, 8 pkgs mdse, 3o sks beans
79 sks bones, 99 bxs lemons.
Carpentaria— l 7 sks crawfish.
Santa Barbara— l keg olives, 70 pkgs mdse, 9 cs
liquors, 30 bxs lemons, 12 sks crawfish.
Gaviota— 4 bxs butter, 122 sks wool, 3 bdls pelts,
6 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— B pkgs mdse, 42 bxs fish, 22%
bxs butter, 1 bx oranges, 3-cs eggs, 1 coop chick
ens. . .
Cayucos— 1 bdl hides, 2 pkgs mdse, 9cs eggs, 6
dressed calves, 76% bxs butter.
San Simeon— s tubs 63 bxs butter, 4 pkgs mdse,
4 cs eggs, 14 dressed calves.
Consignees.
Per St Paci-J Ivancovlch <fe Co: M Bliskower *
Co; Eveleth A Nash; L Scatena <£ Co: Stan.
Fruit Co; Fredericksbursr Brewery; J Wagner Mir
Co; Newmark & Edwards; Dodge, Sweeney A Co:
TK Allen; M B Mohreu; Berry Bros: Chas Tetcen
•fcCo; Garcia* Ma?Klni; Dairymen's Union; A
Haas: Levi Spiegel & Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co:
Thos Dennigan & Sons; American Union Fish Co:
APaladlni: Allen A Lewis; MilamACo: Dalle
rnand A Co; Enterprise Brewery; J P Thomas;
Chas Montgomery A Co; Marshall, Teggart, A Co:
De Bernard! A Co: standard Oil Co; J Hoffman; L
Breslauer A Co: Baker & Hamilton; Philadelphia
Brewery: H Klrchmann A Co; OB Smith A Co:
Redincton A Co; Wolf A Sob; G Camilloni A Co:
Goodali. Perkins A Co: Norton, Teller & Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; Hilmer, Bredholt A Schulz: Labor
Exchange: Wichman, Lutgen A Co; Hills Bros;
San Francisco Fish Co; X »walsky A Co; Holm <fc
Nathan; Murphy, Grant A Co; BGRuhIACo: J
Hattirti: River Express; Brigham, Hoppe A Co;
C E Whitney A Co: Getz Bros A Co: Wfesthoff A
Co: Sherwood A sperwood. '
OCEAB STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STPSSHIP COBPAIY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM &■*&
roadway wharf, San Francisco, as .££s3-3C
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlna:, Wrangel, Juneau. KH-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at, a a. m.. May 14,
29. June 3, 13, 18, as.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacones and Net*
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4, 9. 14, 19, 24. 20. and every Uft.h
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
th« C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at, Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (llua-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., May 1, ft. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. M»v
S, 7. 11. 1.., 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. • • ■•
For San Dlpro, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port l^ot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M.. May 1. 5. 9. 18, 17, 21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Oriz tbj,
10 a. if.. May 5: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. m.. May IS,
Tic-Kec omce, Palace Hotel, 4 Sew Montgomery
street.
IiOODALL, PERKINS «fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
i 10 Market gt. San Francisco-
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
~: to
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
r*ir«t Class £Q.OO
Second Class -dOOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA AjTMMII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
! Etata or California sails May 3 and 11
Columbia sails May 8 and If
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. sc
eOODAIO* PERKINS 4 CO, Gent Snots.
F. b\ CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market mtak.
(MPAGME GENERAL TRAmTIASTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW),42NORTH Ay?l
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ii g j^Bg
this line avoid both transit by English railway aau
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt,' via Paris,
tlrst-ciass 9 160; second-class, $1 16.
LA BRKTAGXE, < apt. Rupe May 16, 4 a. U.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. SantelU.. . .May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23, Ba.II.
LA GASCOGNE.... Jaue 20, 7 A. M.
LA NOU i \N wit. July 4. 6 a. m.
LA GAtCOGNE July 26.11 a. m.
LA «i\NDIB.. ....Aniriistl, 5 a. M.
LA BOUROOONE, Capt. Leboeuf. June 6, 7 a. m.
tST For further particulars apply to '
_ __ • A. FORGET, Agent.
. » ~tt,, as Bo v 'in2r Green, New Yorlc.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO, Agents, 5 Montgomsry
avenue, San Francisca .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, £% HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, W\ by
AUSTRALIA. \/s S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 3. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May 28, at 10 a. m. Special parly rates.
S. S. Mono WAI sails vi* HONOLULU an«
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 28,
a: 'I p. if.
Line to COO DIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELH <& BROS. Ctt, Agta,,
114 Montgomery •«.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Franclaco.
«^hKuK HA3IBURG-A)IERIC.W LWE
S^!S!£S£&&* TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
g=- ' .ij^E^wfcc. Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <fc Hamburg.
Normannia May 14 I F. Bismarck May 28
A. Victoria. May 21 | Columbia. June 4
I. Cabin, $95 and upward; 11. Cabin, 960 and $75.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4 1 * h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS. 6y 3 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents.
ROYAI MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL ySM|U
fortntghtly for the West Indies and nSSSp
Southampton, calling en route at cerbourgta,
France, and Plymouth to land passenger*.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th*
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and trea*
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; thlH
! tI — 9*7 80. For further particulars apply to
J VABROTT & CO., Agents.
■ :■ 306 California »U
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
N _ ■■.. .V.At 5 P. M, Oailv.
Steamer from JKach Knd 'Sunday*.
tO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAMEK-*:
T. C. Walker, - ,j D . t(lr ,
Mary Garmtt. City of Stockton.
Telei l.one Slain £05. Ca.. Nay. acd Impt. Co
iILLEJO. MARK ISLAND, *BEXICIA, PORT
COSTA Ai\D CROCKETT.
STK. MOMICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. M.
and if.it; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Ml
•4F.M.oaly., SUnday 8? - lt
• Land in j;, MtHitiou 1. Pier 4.PRESENT THEIR
CLAIMS ANEW,
Women in Convention at
the First Unitarian
Church.
NOT ONE VACANT CHAIR
Miss Susan B. Anthony Sends a
Dispatch From Sacra
mento.
MRS. E. T. WIIKES PRESIDES.
Mrs. William Keith Has Something
to Siy About Writers of
Editorials.
Oakland Office Bah Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 13. \
The Alameda County branch of the Pa
cific Coast Woman's Congress met in the
beautiful First Unitarian Church this
iifternoon, with the president. Rev. Eliza
beth Tupuer-Wilkes. presiding. The plat
form had been tastefully decorated with
cut flowers and potted plants, ana pre
:-enLed a very inviting appearance. The
attendance was very large, limited only
by the capacity of the church.
At the afternoon session not more than
half a dozen men were present, but in the
evening the increased attendance showed '
that the great question cf the day is cf
equal interest to both sexes.
Seated on the platform with the presi
dent were Mrs. John Heath, Mrs. L. G.
Judd, Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, Mrs. Alice :
Stucker and other women prominent in
the suffrage movement.
Tne general theme of the session was
"Woman in Government.'' The speakers
vere .Miss tarah Severance, Airs. Ada Van
Pelt, Mrs. William Keith and Mrs.Wilkes.
The first speaker was Mi«s Severance, •
who said in part :
'•We are dragged into politics; we are
born into taxes'; tne incompetent and un- i
worthy shall be justly excluded from vot
ing, but women should not be debarred
from government because they are women, j
We are taxe I, we should be allowed to
vote. We can never get out of govern- ;
nient. We are in politics and we cannot i
get out. The benefit to be derived from
woman's voting depends upon the indi
vidual. But that does not alter the fact;
that no one has the right to take away the
dearest privilege of a man, the right of
voting.
"Women should take an interest in poli
tics, especially in school politics. A child's
life is influenced more or less by their
teachers. When I was a eirl if there was
any superior man in town he was made a ,
school trustee. His life was a pattern tor!
the scholars. Is this true to-day ? Perhaps,
but the trustees are not selected for that !
purpose. They gain their position merely ;
because they stand in with th«* bosses.
"Then there is the municipal govern
ment. A woman's opinion in regard to
public affairs is not resp-cted because she
cannot vote. Sne cannot protect her chil
area, for she has no voice in the laws. '<
There is the county ballot. You may be ■
left a widow. You may be allowed to be
the guardian of your children, but it is a :
yolitical matter. There are the condition :
of the roads, the almshouse, the jails and
other things that come under county poli- I
tics. In State politics men have every
thing, and women are allowed no voice,
no word, whereby they can prevent the
destruction of their boys or girls."
Mr?. Ada Van PpU, the president of the
Woman's Press Association and vice-presi
dent of the Woman's Congress, was the
next speaker, her subject being- "The
Mothers of Great Men." She read the
paper presented last week and published
in The Call. In discussing it Miss Sever
ance said the smart sons of smart mothers
were not to blame, as they could not help
it; they were born that way.
Mrs. "William Kehh, the wife of the well
known artist, a graduate of the fc-tate
University and a native daughter, who is
a warm supporter of woman suffrage, was
greeted with applause as she stepped for
ward to present ncr paper. She said:
Feiioiv-cHizens, franchise^ and otherwise:
This Is The Call which I hold in my band.
[Applause.] You all know The Call. Before
reading from it the report of what I had to say
concerning "The rhief I would like to say a
:-•«• words by way oi preface. I vish 1 had
somethine new to offer. You know, however,
thai though very lew husbands like cold
meats and warmed-over things, yet the women
must swallow them to save them. Moreover,
we had no choice as to subject ; it was assigned
to us by some overruling power, and there was
nothing to do but to obey orders. The inten
tion oi the congress last week was to bring out
the idea of woman and her relations to gov
ernment. This, -we think, on the whole, was
very well done, though one or two City ed
ltotl found something to criticize. They
aaid that all this repetition of history
\va* not of any practical benefit. Men of
today are not bothering their heads over what
savages have done in the past. But they nre
tryiDg tp solve such important problems as
linnnce, tariff and municipal reform. This Is
very true, and we predict that next year the
congress of 1897 will concern Itself with the
practical one of women in government, and
tUat our brothers shall have ell tl:e co-opera
tion that the w< men oi California with a vote
in hand can give.
The bookat-HcT.- of Denver report that more
works on politica; economy ana topics of gov
ernment have been sold within the year than
HONOR. FOR OLD SOLDIERS' DAUGHTERS.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 11.— Alameda County -will he •well represented at the
celebration to be held at Monterey next month to commemorate the fiftieth anni
versary of the occupation of California by the, Americans. Miss Marian Barney, a
pupil of the Lincoln School, ■will represent California. Mist Alice Stewart of
Berkeley •will represent Alameda County. Both are descendants of noted soldiers.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist.]
in the past ten years and that since the advent
of •women voters In Colorado and the form
ation of pood-government clubs, the demand
for that class of literature has been so great
they are continually exhausting their supplies.
And as interest in a wise political economy ex
tends also to domestic economy and Includes
it we are not surprised to be told likewise that
there has been an enormous increase in the
sale of cookbooks. [Launhter.J
Nisrht before last an anti-suffrage writer in
the Enquirer asked the following questions,
which some of you may have Been: Who did
the most good "in the 'world, Dorothea Dix or
Miss Anthony? That is a hard question, for
Miss Anthony isn't dead yet, but we are in
clined to say that she is doing the most good
in the world, for if Dorothea labored for the in
sane, Susan B. Anthony is laboring with the
insane— [laughter]— with those who are in
sanely refusing: to acknowledge that -women
are an equal force with men la political life.
She asks also who is to-day the truest preach
er, the best helper of humanity, Miss Jane
Adams of the Hull House or the Rev. Anna
Shaw? And she goes on to say that Miss
Adams has never requested a legislative meas
ure which was not carried out, and that she
can always have as many votes as the wishes
for any good object. Without belittling the
influence of a good woman we must reDly if
that is true she never can have requested very
many legislative measures, and that it is a
great pity that philanthropists and woula-be
reformers do not matte haste to secure her
service?.
Hut we say that all these women are good
women. They have aided, and are aiding
i secretly, each" according to the measure and
I extent "of her abilities. Some are working in
i one way and some in another. Some seek to
I mitigate the evils and results of injustice,
while others apply themselves to the study of
I what constitutes injustice, and then seek to
prevent it. Some are nurses, who bind up the
j wounds of those who have fallen on the field
! of life's battle. Such are women like Dorothea
DLx, Clara Barton or Jane Adams.
But, 1 tell you, it is a nobler thing and a bet
ter way to be a former than a reformer. And
shall women oe told that it is unwomanly if,
like Mary at the feet of Jesus they have chosen
the better part? Robert Burns praises the
"glide housewife" who could make old Clothes
look -RiiiHist as weel as new," but, after all.
who woulo. not rather have the new? The old
clothes of society will last a while yet, but the
new will be much better.
There is a philanthropy, a love of humanity,
whose scope Is wider than that of the nurse.
It is the philanthropy of the wise statesman,
who averts the battle and renders the carnage
unnecessary, Stateswomen of the future will
sit with statesmen on boards of arbitration;
the problem of university extension will be
solved, and toe Dorotheas of the future will
apply themselves also to the study and im
provement of the social conditions which are
now driving men and women to the insane
asylums.
there are those who fay that to the great
army of female philanthropist* has been as
feigned the task of nursing me ill? of society,
while exclusive male legislation has created
the conditions which produced them. This is
only superficially true; but, nevertheless, we
do not believe that nursing should constitute
the limit of woman's public activity; as in the
rearing of children and management of home,
the wise mother knows thm an ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure,
so is she beginning to realize that when
it comes to making the larger home of the
.Nation, for children of a larger growth, an
ounce of justice is worth a pound of charity;
or rather the lesson she has to learn is that
justice is the truest charity. "Homekeeping
hearts are the happiest," but "home-defend
ers" may \je happy also, and Susan B. Anthony,
Anna Shaw and Frances K. Willard are among
those women who believe that to make the
whole world a home is the mission of the ideal
woman. They are working for that ounce of
justice which •Is worth a whole pound of
charity.
The editor of the Enquirer in a philosophi
cal and common-sense editorial (you know the
two do not always make a team)' commended
the drift of the discussion at the 'Woman's
Congress as tending to exalt the position of
woman in the historical view, and he adds,
that it is nearer being true than the one usu
ally taken when discussing her position in the
past. Woman have been at no time slaves to
any greater extent than as the same is true of
men. Any other view misrepresents her his
torical position and robs her of the credit of
having contributed equally to civilization;
: while the instinctive belief of good women in
! regard to their part in modern civilization is
] seen to rest on the triple foundation of philo
sophy, science and common-sense.
Wives have always been the partners of hus
band*and shared their labors, responsibilities,
powers and triumphs. For this reason we
refer again to the anti-suffrage writer, and say
that the statement which she makes cannot be
true when she says that if by some magic
every living woman were suddenly taken out
of the world it would run on as well as ever.
With these introductory remarks we proceed
to the subject in hand, that of "Chiefs." She
then read the paper which has been already
published.
A telecram was read from Sarah B.
Cooper of a congratulatory nature, after
which Mrs. "Wilkes apologized for the ab
sence of other speakers who had been ex
pected. Mrs. Alice Stocker was called for
and spoke a tew words regarding the need
of woman having the ballot.
"You each have at least one vote which
you control," said she, "and I trust you
will do your duty and see that at least
that vote is cast for the amendment.
It is a fact, how I can not tell you, but
true nevertheless, that we can always get
just what we want from our fathers, hus
bands and brothers by the use of taci and
a little good management. With these
conditions we should be able to get the
amendment adopted if we stand together."
Mrs. Wilkes expressed herself forcibly
as believing that where girls were taught
that their only proper place was the home
and motherhood there was a radical wrong
done, not only them, but to society in gen
eral. She held that it was only rearing
them to a bondage worse than that of the
black slaves before the war.
This evening the church was again
crowded to its utmost capacity, while the
adjoining room held its share of attentive
listeners. The number of men was also
greater than in the afternoon, although
there wer? comparatively few present.
The speakers were Miss Graden of the
Oakland High School, Miss Keith of Berke
ley, Miss McComas of Los Angeles and
Professor Grigga of Stanford University.
SLOAT MONUMENT.
Orders Have Been lacued for the Selec
tion of ItH Site.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— Major E. S.
Sherman has received a letter from Lieu
tenant J. Reynolds Landis, First United
States Cavalry, stating that he had been
ordered to Monterey to select a site for the
Sloat monument. Major Sherman will
accompany him.
The State Supervisors' Convention at
San Jose was addressed yesterday by
Major Sherman, requesting that each
board shall contribute a stone for the
foundation of the monument, borne of
the counties have already done this.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
MET ONCE MORE
AT ALMA MATER.
Berkeley's Commencement
Attended by the
Alumni.
AUSPICIOUS EXERCISES.
Collegiate Degrees Conferred to
a Large Number of
Students.
JOHN SEARLE MORTON PRESENT
Learned and Interesting Addresses
Delivered by the Graduating
Students.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 13.-Cora- '
mencement was observed at the State !
University to-day with exercises ol an I
extraordinarily auspicious nature. The
graduating exercises, consisting of the
regular series of speeches, the conferring
of degrees and the presentation of di- i
plomas, took place as usual in the after- |
noon at Harmon gymnasium; but the one ;
element which made the day a day to be ■
remembered was the reunion of the entire
alumni of the institution.
The morning, with the exception of the
meeting of the Regents, was given up to j
the graduates for carrying on their exer- I
cises.
First, at 9 o'clock the jrraduating class
was presented to the regents and to the ■
Alumni Association in Bacon Art Gallery ; j
at 10 o'clock a general assembly of visitors !
at the library took ]>lace; from 10 to 12 the
alumni went in procession on a tour of
visitation and inspection of the buildings ,
and grounds.
Governor Budd and several of his class- [
j mates were among the party of quasi ex
cursionists.
After the formal course of visitation had
come to an end the representatives of the
various classes since '66 gathered in small
groups and traversed the campus, visiting
the old landmarks and recalling the many
pleasant pastimes and memorable associa
tions of tLeir college days.
At 12 o'clock a lunch was served in the
court of the Mechanics' building, where
j cover? for 400 had been spread.
After an hour or more had been spent
) about the festive board, toasts were de
clared in order, and the following adher
ents of the university, some of whom were
not graduates, butteacners, responded:
Henry 0. McPike, on beholt of the Law
School; Dr. L. M. F. Wanzer, on behalf
of the Medical School; Dr. Van Orden, on
behalf of the Dental College; F. A.
Beckett, on behalf of the College of Phar
macy, ana Hon. Arthur Rodgers, on be
half'of the Berkeley Alumni.
The graduates of the Affiliated Colleges
had been invited over by the Alumni As
sociation and each of them was repre
sented by a speaker. The entire proceed
ings of the morning had every jihase of a
true reunion and a granting of a new lease
of life to the love oi the graduates for their
alma mater.
Long before 2 :30, the hour set for the
opening of the graduating exercises, the
gymnasium was tilled to overflowing.
Presently there came from the library
building a processional line, inarching in
double tile, of at least 250 persons, consti
tuting a majority of the board of re- :
gents, the faculty and the graduating ■
class. Leading the band of students in !
their last act of formal duty while under |
the jurisdiction of the university were j
two colored sergeants bearing American j
nags and attended by two aids.
Immediately behind the colors came
Governor Budd and Regent Rogers, next '
came President Kellogg and Rev. George i
B. Hated, the chaplain of the day. In
order next came the regents, faculty and
class members. The young ladies of the
class to a single individual wore mortar
boards and gowns— another revival of a i
time-honored college custom for seniors.
At the close of the addresses by the four j
speakers of the day Governor Budd pre
sented to the officers of the military do
part their commissions. He preluded the i
formal presentation of the martial docu- !
ments with an appropriate speech, in |
which he exhorted the young soldiers to j
ever be in readiness to respond to the call
to arms in a noble cause and to work in
every way.
After an invocation by the Rev. George j
B. Hatch, the first student-speaker of the
day. Hubert Coke Wyckoff. delivered his ■
thesis entitled "Progress From Status to I
Contract." He defined his subject as the i
development of society from a condition j
in which the status of an individual is !
wholly controlled by birth into caste, or
class, as in the backward nations, to a
civilization in which choice and effort arc
factors in determining the places of indi
viduals.
Martin C. Flaherty was to have spoken
next on "Professional Education," but he <
was excused at his own request.
Following \Vyckoff came Miss Eleanor
Bennett, who chose for her paper, "What
the Novel May Do for the Student."
Theodore de' Leo de Laguna spoke next on
"Beauty, the Measure of Educational Bal
ances," and Harry Herbert Hirst, the
medalist, ended the speaking with an ad
dress on ''The Profession of Engineering."
Immediately after the conclusion of j
Hirst's address the degrees were conferred '
on the advanced students and on the gradu- i
ating class of one hundred and twenty- i
nine by the president, after which the
1 military commissions were presented by
the Governor. Following is the complete
list of graduates and the degrees con
ferred :
The degree of Doctor of Philosophy upon Harold
\Vellman Fairbanks, B. S. (Michigan) ; Frederick
J.<sli>- Kansmne, B. S.
The degree of 31 aster of Arts upon Walter Hud
dieston Graves, A. B. ; William Ferdinand Lars en
(and. l'hll. (University of Copenhagen); Paul
John Mohr, A. 15. (Oberlln); Eugene Pitcher, A. B.
Kvelyn Louise Sheppard, A. B. '
The degree of master of letters upon Kdlth Mar
tin Clayes, 8.L.; Annt» Lucy lugkeep, 8.L.; Etta
Kvangeline Moore, A. B. (Oregon), A.M. (Ibid.)-
Oscar Futro, Ji.L.; Mary Klizabein Wilson, BL.
(Smith College).
The degree of master of science upon Frank Watts
Bancroft, U.S.: Klmer Edgar Hall, B S. (Univer
sity of Southern California); Myar Edward Jaffa,
Ph.B.; Augustus Valentine Saph, 8.5.; fcelina
HI arpe, B.S.
The degree of Bachelor of Arts upon Francis
Herbert Dam. Harry Dale Danforth; Clara Augusta
Henry, Guylllnton I"h 8., Llllie Unna Kalinuti
Tracy Randall Kelley, Frederic Randolph Kin<*.
Theodore de Leo de Luc una, George I)u<-is Louder
back, George Jewett McChesney, Alma Mlchal-
Itschke. Arthur bridge .North, Thomas Alien
I'trklnn, William Thomas Plunkett, rank Ever
ett Sawyer, Mabel sy mines.
. The degree of bnclielor of letters upon Jessie
Mabel Anderson. Helen Milton Andros, Frank
■ rgali, Laura Louise itartleii, Kleanor Vanderbeit
Bennet, X izabelh Blancbard, Bertha Thertsa
Bradley. Corrie Bruere, Milton L. Choynskl
Clyde Algernon Allen CrOHS,-. Edith Florence
Culm, Sidney Myer Khrinsn. .Milton Herman
Ksberg, Jithel Huby Farn ham, May belle Louise
1 eusier, Galen Merriam fisher, Josephine Pauline
Glnaca. John Darwin Glsh, Harati Maud Green,
Louise Josuiihlno. Hawkins, Nora Kllen Hussey
Ada Gertrude Little, Edward Leodore berry
Jr., Eula Mitchell, Joseph O'Connor, Ber.ha
Oliver, Clara Jean net te Pearne, Lutie .Adele liucta
Mabel -Worthington Sullivan, Bertha Sweet,
Rachel Vrooman, Lou Dexier Whipple, John
Lewis Wlttenmyer, Es.iie Belle Woodland, Esteile
May Young.
The degree of bachelor of philosophy upon Ar
thur Agard, Bukli> Area, Alexander liichsrJa
Baldwin, Etta .May Bartiett. Harriot lirnesic
Blenenfcld, James Philip Davis, Mabel Anita
Fisher, Martin Charles Flaherty, William Natnan
lel Friend, Maud Blngliam Hunschr, Charles Kos
coe Holton, John Power Hutching, Katherine
Daviea Jones, George Dudley Kleruiff, Freeman
Hills Klncaldj Christine Blanche Lab*rra<iue,
Miriam Livingston, Milton Albert Llppitt, Ina
Cameron Martin, Alexander McCulloch, Anab'.e
McDonnell, Clinton Kalza Morse. Newel Lewis
Perry, Benjamin Hatch liamndell, Walter Otto
Smith, William Gladstone Spiers, Ruby Wlllard
Studley, Harry Clinton Symonds, Wlllard Dawson
Thompson, Albert Owen Warner, Koswell >amuel
Wheeler. Caroline A. White, Homer Miller Wil
son, Hubert Coke Wyckoff.
The degree of bachelor of science upon Harry
Lincoln Alexander, Herbert Williams Allen. Ha
cbel Leona Ash, Mllo Samuel Baker, William
Belfrage. Edwin Tyler Blake, Fred Albert Bord
well, Philip Reid Bradley. Arthur Brown Jr..
Kdlth sumner Byxbee, Albert Edward Chandler,
William Harrington Hollis, John Gllson Howell
Jr., William Morns Hyman, Kdwln Knshmore
Jackson, Frederick William Koch, Alva Dutton
Steams McCoy, Richard Fenner Monges, San
ford Alexander Moss. George Oscar Noble, Clar
ence Henry Norwood, Fr.tnk Gustave Radelfinger,
Silas Ellsworth Cooman. Frederick Gardner Cot
trell, Edwlu Rutbven Cox Jr., Edward James
Crawford. Charles Henry Delany, Anthony White
Dozier, William Joseph Drew, Arthur Lawrence
Fisher, Harricgton Bidnrell Graham, Lee B waney
Griswold, Harry Herbert Hirst. Emily Patricia
Rhine, Frank Elmore Boss, Raymond John Russ,
Thomas Ftimngtou Sedgwick. George Kirk Swin
gle, Mildred Mary Taylor. Mertlo H. Thompson,
Howard Potter Veeder, Gilbert Stodiiard Walker,
Katherine Cam.lla Warabold, Shtujlro V niamoto.
Military commissions, Battalion of University
Cadets— To be colonel, Alexander McCnlloch: to
be lieutenant-colonel, Willard Dawson Thompson;
to be major, Harrincton Bldwell Graham: to be
captain— Herbert William Allen, Philip Lee Bush,
Kdwla Tyler Blake, George Dudley Kierulff, How
ard Potter Veeder, Raymond John Russ, Tracy
Randall Kellev; to be first lieutenant— Anthony
White Dozler," Edward James Crawford. Charles
Woodman Morse. Gilbert Stoddard Walker, Edwin
Rush inure Jackson, Clyde Algernon Allen Cross.
During the exercises the audience was
given a pleasant surprise by the appear
ance of Hon. John Searle Morton, United
States Commissioner of Agriculture. lie
was called upon for a few words and re
sponded in a few well-chosen and happy
remarks.
In the evening the Alumni gathered
at the California Hotel, where a sump
tuous banauet was held, the occasion
being not only tne annual meeting of
the Alumni Association but also an affair
in honor of the new rtgent, John E. Budd.
Introductory remarks were made by
President Morrison, who introduced Gov
ernor Budd.
The Governor iv the course of his re
marks said that he had taken notice of the
buildings at Berkeley and suggested to
the regents that they ask the Legislature
for a specific percentage for improvement
instead of a round sum of money.
John E. Budd, as a Regent, promised to
work loyally for the institution. After his
remarks the following gentlemen re
sponded to toasts: Governor Budd, John
E. Budd, Thomas F. Barry, Alexander G.
E 11s, Dr. George C. Pardee. William R.
Davis, H. C. Wyckoff, Robert Mann, John
R. Glascock and Dr. George P. Shiels.
THE MAYOR DEPOSED.
Elected to a Position for Which He
Has No Use.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13. — Mayor
Davie was elected president of the Police
Pension Fund Commissioners despite his
protest. After it was done he remarked:
'•I shall refuse to serve and consider this
action a personal insult."
Immediately after this his Honor was
deposed as president of the Board of Pub
lic WorKS ana City Attorney Peirsol
elected in the place. The Mayor, how
ever. refused to sit and see this done, so
left the room.
rtneon K*tate.
OAKLAND, Cal. May 13.— The execu
tors of the Henry I>. Bacon estate have
liled their fir^t account. It shows there
was $103,000 on hand March 18, 1893, and
up to February 2!t, 1896, the cash receipts
were $335,875 'J4. Of this amount $27,384 91
was from the Bank of California and the
greater part of the balance was dividends
from the Land and Loan Company. This
latter ranged from $2<JOO to $3000 a month.
The disbursements include $50,000 to
the Bank of California, $26,9(55 90 to Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurant Company,
$10,000 on n*Me to J. Macdonough, $»30,000
to $10,000 to same, $15,000 to Anna
E. Haight, $30,000 and $71,160 to J. Mac
donougn and $iM,<X*J for thirty months'
family allowance at $SOO a month. There
remains $.VX) in cash on iinnd.
Kculali Orphanage.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— The Beulah
Orphanage corporation held its first an
nual meetinu' at Beulah, near Mills Col
lege, Monday. Mrs. C. J. Montgomery,
the superintendent, reported the admit
tance of o2 children, 1 death, 9 returned to
friends, 4 placed in good homes and 1 in
the Children's rio>pital, San Francisco,
leaving M in the home. The following
officers and directors were elected for the
eostung year: Rev. .1. W. Ellsworth,
preside:' t; George 8. Montgomery, vice
president; Mrs. C. J. Montgomery, secre
tary and treasurer; Mrs. O. K. Judd and
Mi-s Annie Jones; Mrs. C. J.Montgom
ery, buperiniendent.
I'ireinen Changed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— Cnief Fair
recommended the removal of Fireman
John Dolan from Engine Company 2 on
the ground of incompetency and the
Police and Tire Commissioners made the !
neceasarj order and named P. R. Moore to j
fill the vacancy. Elliott White was ap- |
pointed extrmnun of Truck Company 1, j
vice William tsiultz, dismissed. A. A.
llhinehart was named a special officer,
vice Fred Kleckner, resigned.
School Children Drill.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13. — Director
Moody of the Seventh Ward is testing the
time and manner of getting children out
of the buildings of h;s ward in case of
emergency. He drops in at any time and
rings the ti re alarm. So far it nas only
taken two minutes to empty the building.
He is now trying to get a scheme whereby
a big pmoke can be made to apDear to see
if it would delay concerted action.
Class of Seven.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 13.— The gradu
ating exercises of the d:\ss of '96 of Sntll !
Seminary will be held at the seminary ',
groundb, Madison street, Thursday i
afternoon, next week. The graduates are j
Catherine Emelie Chabot, Marguerite
Doiuingor, A-gnes Maude Gomling, Vera
McCom Kimble, Mary Isabella Rice, Mary
Ellen Skillings. Ora Agusta Wood.
raid in Nickels.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— A marriage
license was issued to John l\>ter MoreJlo
and Mary Ran.-<dale this afternoon, for
which the intended groom paid $2 in nick- j
el«. The girl is only 1H years of age i
and the father's written consent was given
to the marriage. The parties come from
Eimo, Contra Costa County.
A Mew Route.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 13.—Council
man Heitman is at work on a plan to
construct a new roadway to East Oakland
by bridging the estuary at Eleventh street,
wbioh lie believes would be much better
than either the Eighth or Twelfth street
routes and would enhance property values
on the eastern shore considerably.
Young Women.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— Miss Eva
Peever3 of Nortbneld, Mass., has arrived
here to lead the conference of the
Y. W. C. A. at Mills College in June.
Plans are made for a very large gathering.
It had been the intention to inaugurate
this work two years ngo, but the strike
prevented.
Still at Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.-Inspector
Pierce of the Health Department has con
tinued hid examination of the sanitary
condition of the various bakeries of the
city. Some have been found that are not
satisfactory and the proprietors have been
given a uhort time in which to improve
the condition of their establishments."
President Witcher.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— The new
board of directors of the Merchants' Ex
change organized last evening by electing
the following officers: President, W. \.
Witcher; vice-president, G. W. Soper;
treasurer, Henry D. dishing. The selec
tion of a secretary was deferred for two
weeks.
Colored Orator.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.— W. J. og
lesby, the colored attorney who failed to
pass the examination before the Supreme
Court.won his first case in the Police Court
to-day. The way he quoted Blackstone,
Kent snd other ancient authorities showed
he had done much studying.
WANTS TO KILL
THE APACHE KID,
Desire of Archie Majors,
Brother of the Boy
Burglar.
SCHEMING FOR PISTOLS.
Plans for an Expedition to
Arizona With the Bronco
Detective.
WARNING FKOM A MEDIUM.
Says His Father's Spirit Appeared
and Said Death Would Follow
the Venture.
Oakland Office Saw Fraxcipco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 13. j
From developments made public to-day
it is very evident that the romantic spirit
of Abe Majors, the boy burelar, also domi
nates his brother Archie.
Ever since the arrest of young Majors
and Wilmore for burglary Archie Majors
has haunted the City Hall, claiming the
weapons that were in the possession of
Abe when arrested, basing his claim on a
paper signed by the younger Majors giv
ing his brother possession of them. They
were not given him, and he has deter
mined to get the pistols at any cost.
At nrst it was thought he wanted the
prized weapons to sell to raise money for
bis destitute mother and half brothers,
but he had no intention of turning over
one cent for this purpose nor to prevent
the weapons from being taken to Chicago
to be exhibited in a dime museum, as he
once said.
It was learned to-day that Archie Ma
jors wanted the pistols to make them
doubly valuable by becoming a hero in the
eyes of the world by wiping out the Apache
Kid.
In his many travels to Chief Lloyd and
the District Attorney's office Majors met
! another adventurous spirit like himself, ex-
Detective Knapp, who gleaned from
Majors many of his hairbreadth escapes
1 in New Mexico and Arizona, and that the
j path of the Apache Kid was familiar to
' him. Kis fearless and bravado manner !
j soon convinced Knapp that Majors was i
I the man to accompany him to Arizona to !
: run Uown the daredevil Anacne Kid.
Evidently Majors was nattered, and de
termined with Knapp to enjoy the hero
ism of bringing down the bandit.
When he found himself thwarted in
: getting his brother's pistols, he was bound
to have a weapon. He went to work and
helped his stepfather, Wagner, to solicit
for a photograph company, and lost no
I time in purchasing an American bull-dog
: weapon. Then he and nis stepfather took
i up their abode in the same house with
Mrs. Wagner, the divorced wife of Wagner
and mother of Archie Majors.
The latter convinced tne landlady, Mrs.
i Diokele, that he was a very nice" young
j man, and forthwith she and her daughter
I took great interest in him.
Mrs. Dickele is also an amateur medium, ;
and when Majors laid his plans before her
i of raiding Ntw Mexico she had a vision.
■ She declared that Lloyd Majors' spirit ap
| peared and begged her to use her influence
to prevent Archie's wild scheme, as ho
would be killed if he attempted to carry it i
i out.
Mrs. Wagner, who lives across the hall
from her ex-husband and son, tinding that
j Archie, wbo is yet a minor uuder 20 years
' of age, was carrying a loaded weapon,
took it out of his grip, and thus ended the
prospective trip to Arizona for a while.
Majors has now arrayed himself against
everybody who has helped to withhold
from him the desired weapons, so that he
cannot get a chance to earn the bounty
I offered fur the head of the Apache Kid.
THE WORK Of FIREBUGS.
An Attempt Made to Burn the
Armory Hall at Mid
night.
A Mysterious Case of Incendiarism
Brought to Light in
Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 12.— A mysteri
ous case of attempted incendiarism oc-
curred last night in Armory Hall. It is
the talk of the town. The hall belongs to
the Tucker estate, and is occupied by Com
pany G, which pays a rental of $25 per
month, the company using the lower floor
for drilling purposes and the upper rooms
facing Park street as clubrooms.
When the armorer returned after a short
absence last night he found the armory
furniture piled in indiscriminate heaps
and the decorations over one of the doors
blazing merrily. He saw a man in the
building and gave chase, but couid not
catch the intruder. He then came back
and put out the fire.
It has been well known for some time
that the company is split into two bitter
factions over its head — Captain Chipman —
and the attempt to set the building on fire
is put down to the action of the disgruntled
members, because the captain would not
resign.
In speaking of the fire the armorer, Con
rad Klare, said :
"I canie back from San Francisco, where
I had been seeing my people, by the 11:30
train last night and came straight down
from the station. Theo Vogt was on the
same train with me. When I got down to
the hall I was astonished to see the lights
in the lower part of the building all lit.
I let myself in and when I got to the head
of the stairway 1 found a great smell of
gas, but all was in darkness on the upper
floor. I did not strike a match, as the
doors leading into the rooms were wide
open and the blinds all up. I found the
doora had been taken off tneir hinges and
laid on the carpet and covered with a
pyramid of chairs. The long table had
Seen run from the center of the room and
placed under the windows, the ornamental
gun-stand put on the tabie and chairs
hung from the points of the bayonets.
"In the card oom, where my folainc
bed was, the room was littered with torn
packs of cards and my bed was stripped of
clothes and bedding, and cnairs, spittoons
and rugs were piled on top of it In the
officers rooms the captain's roll-desk was
broken open, and ink was spilt all over it.
The captain's and second lieutenant's
lockers were also broken open.
"I had been in the building some half
an hour when I heard a noise and rushed
out to the passageway, pulled open the
doors of the "auditorium and found all the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Sales
AUCTIOMALE !
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES!
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE ASD ORIENTAL GOODS.
4 If) Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Thursday .May 14, 1896
At 2 P.M.
, AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be soli regardless of cost.
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladles attending the
sale, free of any charge. t
Chairs reserved for ladles. ~'.' v :
-:r - F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
i. C. MOTHER, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL THIS DAY.
Thursday May 14, 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m.,
At Salesrooms, 521 Kearny St.,
A Full Line of Parlor, Chamber, Din-
ing-Room and Kitchen Furniture.
A lot of fine Carpets, Bidding, Stoves and all
kinds of useful household goods. To-morrow (Fri-
day), May 15, I will sell a fine large restaurant at
1024 Hyde street, near California.
J. C. MUTHER, Auctioneer.
L. H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER,
Office and Warehouse, 211 Larkin St.,
WILL SKLL THIS DAY,
AT 11 A. If.
The Furniture and Carpets of Flat,
710 Bush Street.
TO-MOR OW (FRIDAY) ,
AT 11 A. M.
Will sell the fine Oak Furniture of private resi-
dence, Larkin street, near Geary. See morning
papers. 1., li. BXJKD. Auctioneer.
THE LAST OF HIS RACE.
OAKtANO, Cal.. Blay 12.— Magln Castro, known to thousands as "Strawhat
Castro," has ridden the streets of this city for over half a century. His big
white sombrero aud white horse are very familiar to all, but he has always
striven to avoid any notoriety. To-day he sat at his stable door, and while a
"Call" artist was sketching him he told his short story. "I have lived here
sixty-five years," he said, "and ana the last descendant in this county of the
great family of Castros that once owned all worth having in that part of Alr-
meda County that now bears our name. I have nothing now — nothing but my old
horse Pioneer, and the knowledge that when I quit I shall owe no man anything."
chairs stacked up on one another, and the !
windows stuffed with paper ana propped
so they would not open. The place was I
full of gas. Down on the lower floor, just
where the entrance into the basement and
dressing-rooms is situated, I saw a light.
When I rushed down the gallery stairs I
and over my beddini;, which was on them, j
I found the light to be the bunting with j
which the entrance was covered. It was I
all on fire. I saw a man's fnce and rushed
after him. He fled through the lower
stage door and on to th,e street. I followed
him but could not catch up to him. Then
I returned, put the blnze out and threw i
the debris onto Buena Vista avenue.
"The state meters I found had been j
tampered with and the padlock is still j
missing. All the gasjets in the place had
been turned on. I turned them eff and i
then went back. I slept in the quarter
master's room on tne floor, with some |
rues over me."
The Democratic leaders held a caucus in
the armory last night, and one of them
said :
"We happened to meet on the streetlast \
night and were talking political matters ;
over. Some one suggested that we should
go down to the armory, and two of the j
dovs of Company G who belong to our
party went with us and let us in. We met
in the privates' dressing-room, and left
about 10 p. M. I think most of the mis
chief was done while we were there, be
cause as we left some one remarked that j
the chairs in the gallery were all stacked j
up one on another. I saw them because
the doors were open. No, I beard no
noise. I do not care about mentioning
the name? of the armory boys that let us
in. All the lights were put out, as far as
I know."
A strange fact in the case is that be
tween the hours of 2 and 3 p. m. to-ilay, j
while the armorer was absent, a tall, thin |
man got through the roof, opened the !
commissary : s door and let in a small, dark !
man, who was weighted down with car- j
tridges. They t nter«d and cleared all the '
muss up, patched the broken locks with j
tacks and put the chairs and tables back
in their places. The only thing they left
untouched was the armorer's bedclotnes.
Later information goes to show that the j
mischievous work was nearly all done |
during the Democratic caucus. Who j
caused the ti;e and turned on the gas is j
not known.
Sunday-School Picnlo.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 13.— The reg
ular annual picnic of the united Sun
day-schools of Alameda will be held at
Sunset Park, in the midst of the Santa
Cruz Mountains, on next Saturday, the
16th of May.
A good programme of races has been
arranged for the chilaren by the commit
tee in charge, and a list of suitable prizes
has been prepared.
This will be an innovation and the gen
tlemen in chaige are sure that it will
greatly add to the perfect enjoyment of j
the outing by the scholars.
The train will leave Park-street station I
at 8:30 a. m., and returning will reach Ala- I
nieda at about 7:30 p. m.
Petroleum .Explonion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 12.— An explo- |
sion of crude petroleum occurred at the i
residence of J. Becanne, nurseryman, 2135 !
Central avenue, at so'clock this afternoon.
It was due to the careless use of matches
by children. In the explosion Truly, Be
canne's 15-year-old daughter, was severely i
burnt. She is not expected to live throug'a
the night. The petroleum was stored in a
100-gallon tank at the back of the residence
and was used for heating the hothouses.
Opposition to Delanoy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 12. — F. N.
Delanoy is not evidently to have smooth
sailing till the 22d of the month. The citi
zens down Chestnut street do not want the
poles and one man named Jlardman, who !
sells coal oil and gasoline, was this after- j
noon making all preparations to cut down ,
the pole erected in front of his residence. I
PAVILION AUCTION nOUSE.
319-331 Sutter St., Above Grant At«.
AT SALESROOM, THIS DAT,
Thursday.. ay 14,1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
I will sell the Elegant Furnishings of
..: 3 Private Residences.
... COXSISTINr} OP
Fine Parlor Upholstery, Bric-a-brac, Pictures
and Mirrors, Magnificent Chamber suits In oak,
cherry ana walnut, Sidt boards. Extension Tables,
Chairs, Refrigerators, Bookcases. Desks, Bedding,
Ranges and Utensils. S. Uakch, Auctioneer.
GROCERY AUCTION SALE,
THIS DAY AT 2 P. M.,
112 San Jose avenue, near 23d street,
Large Enterprise Coffee Mill,
Scales, Showcases, General Line of
Groceries, Etc. ;>;;-• ;
FRANK W. BUTTKKFIELD, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL SALE. ™~"
1 80 Head Broken and Unbroken Horses,
branded J D, from the Dean Kanoh,
Nevada.
AT SUNSET HORSE MARKET,
280 Valencia Street, near Fourteenth,
THIS DAY.
Thursday May 14, 1896
At 11 o'clock.
X. B.— We call the especial attention of milkmen,
! butchers, bakers, teamsters, rancher*, grocers
liverymen and all purposes where good, tough,
hardy horses are required, same stock of horses
, having been sold In this market for years and
: always gave satisfaction: they wear like iron:
j easy to handle; age from 4 to 6 years; weigh from
900 to 1400 pounds. Will be sold without any
reserve orlimi twhatever.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers.
Office, 327 sixth si.
WILL TALK TO STUDENTS.
Hon. W. P. Harris, Commissioner
of Education, to Visit
Berkeley.
Invited by the Philosophical Union.
Merchants to Form a Board
of Trade.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 13.— The Philo
sophical Union of the State University
has already made preparations for con
tinuing the series of annual popular meet
ings that were inaugurated last year with
the visit to Berkeley, at the invitation of
the Union, of Professor Josiah Koyce of
Harvard.
The next great popular meeting of the
Union will be held at the end of next De
cember, and the Union has invited the
Hon. William P. Harris, United States
Commissioner of Education, who will be
the speaker.
The Hon. Mr. Harris is a man of na
tional reputation and his lecture in Berke
ley will be one of the events of the year.
High School Student Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 13— The Asso
ciated Students of the Berkeley High
School met to-day and elected officers, as
follows: President, Mr. Bell; vice-presi
dent, Miss Wyckoff; secretary, Miss Fan
r.ie Simpson; treasurer, J. Waste; editor
in-chief of Olla Podrida, Vere Hunter;
business manager of Olla Podrida, F. Boyn
ton. A special 36-paee edition of the
high-school paper is being prepared for
graduation day, June 11.
Death of a Student.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 13.— News has
been received from Redlands of the death
of Walter Curtis, a member of the State
University class of '98. Curtis was a stu
dent in the depaitment^of electrical engi
neering and had high standing. The
cause of death was consumption.
Sleeting of Merchants.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 13.— A meeting
of Berkeley merchants for the purpose of
forming a local board of trade will be held
to-morrow afternoon in Pythian Hall.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening;* Told In
Krief Chapter*.
Judge Ogden to-dny signed a decree of fore
closure for $80,000 and interest in favor of
Jacob Bertz and against J. F. Turner and
others.
W. Frank Hardy, who has been in the insane
asylum twice before, was committed to Stock
ton for the thir.l time on the ground of iu
sanity by Judge Frick.
The nineteenth annual reunion of the State
of Maine Assoeiatiun will be held at San Lo
renzo Grove Saturday, May 16. The affair will
be a "basket picnic," with literary exercises at
2 p. v.
Ellen P. Benson and husband were to-day
granted permission toeue Receiver J. C. John
son of the Knst unklniul Street Railroad Com
pany to recover $'.25,00<> damages for injuries
alleged to have been inflicted upon Mrs. Ben
son on January 2t>.
Judge Greene issued an order this morning
authorizing Horace A. Kedfield. lather of Low
ell M. Redlield and Mattie A. Redtield, to draw
from the money of tho=e cniniren deposited
with the Union Trust Company of San Fran
cisco the amount of $JSO each, to be used in
furnishing a home for them.
a ßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEABST ST. Established
■ '" »5* lor the treatment of Private
«gr Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debilitvor
■ g'sease wearing on body and mind and
H .^«:in Diseases The doctor cureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
roreacnaranlK-d. CallorwritfL
»r. J, w, UIBB9JT, Bttx IM7.S»nJBKu£
1314
STOLE FROM PAINTERS.
Con Swoeny. an Ex-Convict, Booked on
Charges of Petty Larceny, Second
Offense, and Burglary.
Con Sweeny, alias Griffin, alias Williams,
was booked at the City Prison last night
by Detective Gus Harper and Policemen
O'Sliea and O'Donnell on two charges of
petty larceny, second offense, and one of
burglary.
Numerous complaints had been received
from painters engaged in painting houses
throughout the City of their brushes and
other material being stolen. The three
officers were detailed on the case, and, from
the description given of a man who had
-ailed at several places and taken the
painters' material away, they arrested
Sweeny. ■; .' :': -",
On May 4 he went to the house of Mrs.
Catherine Dunn, 1533 Geary street, forced
-»pen the basement door with a "jimmy
md stole the painters' brushes and other
material. Two days later he called upon
Mrs. Telbondio, 500 Ellis street, and rep
resented that he had been sent by K. J.
Crosby, whose men were painting her
house", for their tools. He pot the key to
the basement and took away everything
be could lav his hands upon. He did the
same thing on May 8 at 1639 Mission street.
He sold the articles stolen, and most of
them have been recovered.
Sweeny is an ex-convict. On February
14, ISBS. he was sent to the State prison
for five years for burglary, and since then
he has served sentences in the County Jail
tor petty larceny.
In the line of Bui<neßD.
"Isn't Palette, the artist, drinking a
rood deal?"
"Vps; be has been trying to get a case
)f the horrors."
"Disappointed in love?"
"Oh, no: it's all in the line of business.
He wants some new poster designs."
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of thes an Francisco Calt,
-10 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
ipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
truer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
P39 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
sW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
ntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
jPS*^ cXlifornia lodge no. 1. |»~
!ir-<5 ? and A.M.. will meet THIS (THVKs. A
DAY) EVENING, May 14. at 7:3o o'clock. Tffjf
second degree. By order of the Master. /^y
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
r~S* DORIC LODGE, NO 216. F. &A. M. ■
¥-& The officers and members are hereby _**_
notified to attend a special meeting at Kins ;S[_X
?oloman's Hall, Masonic Tempi", on -^^r^
1 HSDAY. May 14. 1896, at 1 o'clock p. M., to
mend the funeral of our late brother, JAMES A.
JOHNSON, late a member of Mountain Shade
Lodge No. 18, Downleville, Cal. All Master Ma-
sons are courteously Invited. By order of the
W. M. ADOLPH KRONBERG, Sec.
7£-~S= HARMONY LODGE. NO. 13, o*VJ_^/fc,
-^ I. (•. O. F.— The officers aml.^£_£^
members of the funeral committee are
ii' leby notified to meet at Odd Fel- ''wWw
lows' Hall, cor. seventh and Market sts.. in Wel-
come Hall, THURSDAY, May 14, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m., to Attend the funeral of our late brother,
JOHN BELSTEDT. PETER DROEGE, N. G.
Joseph G. Mysell, Rec .Sec,
Df^~» CLANNA NAN GAIDHEAL v v,
m^Sf an Guallibh a' Cheile— San 3y, Xjkdr)
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club meets
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at
Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock.
J. D. CO LIE, Royal Chief.
Geo. W. Patersojj, Recorder.
PF^s§= "FOR AULD LANG SYNE"- _ «>,
ts*-& Thirty-third grand annual excur- (Mv~2
s;oa, picnic and games of St. Andrew's ~^>^Ly^
Society at El Campo SATURDAY, May V_!Wfc
16. 1896. Bound-trip tickets: Adults, 50c: chil-
Iren. 86c. Boats leave Tiburon ferry at 9 a. _.
and 1:30 P. M. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
William C. cook, Secretary.
j^S=~~\7o. H. DIVISION^NOTI— SPE-^-j—
«£*■& cial meeting of the above division xT I)
will be held at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth « /'
St., THURSDAY EVENING, May 14,c£v*«
7:30 sharp, for the purpose of completing *~^E*
filial arrangements in connection with our annual
picnic, to be held at Glenwood Park, Big Trees,
Santa Cms Mountains, Sunday, May 24. All com-
mittees will please come prepared to make final re-
ports. Entries lor the tug-of-war and football games
will close on the 20th inst. By order,
J. J. Lane, Secretary. P. LYONS, President.
jjjp3p~N()TICE TO THK PUBLIC— THE NEW
SE-f Reformed Christian Church will be organ-
ized on THURSDAY and FRIDAY nights at
Scottish Hall. 105 Larkin st., opposite City Hall,
to solicit higher and equal wages for working men
and women all through the Christian world; also,
ladies' reform costume will be exhibited. Admis-
sion will be charged to defray expenses. Please
come i- nd give us a start. Discourse for the even-
ing will be "Secrets of the Comstock Lode, or We
Lost All Our .Money in Stocks."
ftr^ PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
tir-& ties are requested to call on J. C. HOWE.
Commercial Printer, 636 Clay St., for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
printing.
Sf-^g 3 ANNUAL MEETING— REGULAR
ii-& annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine st., room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Cai., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'c ock P. m. GKO. R. SPINNEY, Sec.
Office— 3lo Pine st.. room 28. San Francisco, Cat
SPECIAL NOTICES.
•Ei^~T V PEWRrri^oVLAWWoiE^?OORRIt
&— y spondence and copying; abstracts copied;
prices moderate. 873% Market St., room 2.
JK=S=> RKNTS COLLECTED; entire
iS^G' charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine sU
Etr3p BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
s*-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont TV room 6. Tel. 0580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
It^^n^vTDK^TT^OTTcXITJI^TDT^N^^fiK
Vk-tS' 31 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCH INSON SUGAR PLANTATION CO. wil-
be payable at the office of the company, 327 Mar.
ket st.. on and after Wednesday. May 20, 1896,
Transfer books will close Thursday.-. May 14, 1896
at 3 o'clock P. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SITUATIONS IVANTED-FEMALE.
GOOD AMERICAN COOKS, $25 TO $35: GEN-
\J eral housework girls, 315 to $25: up-stairs ana
waiting, $15 to $20. and other first-class help regis-
tered at, MISS HICKEVS. 1033 Post St.
GE BMA N COOK; BEST REFERENCE-
VX would prefer Jewish family: wages, $30. Call
or address MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
XMRST-t -LASS GERMAN COOK ANDLAUN-
J. dress desires situation: best references; city or
country. M 1 88 C ULLKN, BaB Butters*.
»> ENGLISH SISTERS, ON WAY OUT NOW,
— want situations; used to housework, cooking,
needle and machine work; refined, musical and
ladylike: wages $20 up. WRIGHT, box 99, Call.
i^IRST-CLASa FRENCH COOK WANTS A
situation in a private family. Address C. C.
box 134, Call Office. ,
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL WISHES
■ situation to do upstairs work; willing to assi st
In housework. Call 307 a Sixth st.
\'iii no f.KKMA.N WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day washing, ironing and cleaning. 2014
Hyde st., near Union.
*) COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRLS DKSIRE
— general housework and secondwork; references
given; no postals. 610% Eddy su
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X cham berwork or general housework; good ref-
erence. Call or write, 115 Sixth su, grocery.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION IN A
X store; city or country. . C. C. L., box 31, Call.
YOUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WISHES
X place in city or couutrv to do any kind of work-
finest references. 221 Minna st., near Third.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by th'- day washing, Ironing and houseclean-
ing. Please call or address 37 Rausch st.
I>Y A GIRL, TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
I) Call 5.65 Stevenson St., bet- Sixth and Seventh,
room 27.
"POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY REFINED
.1. widow, lately from the East, for old couple.
Call or address 225 Geary st.
r ANTED-BY AN ELDERLY WOMAN A
" situation for general housework; good cook;
will do small wash. 1313 Baker St., bet. Geary and
Post
\\l EI.L.KECOM MENDED COOK DESIRES
'• situation; country preferred; no cards. 1823
Pine st.
SITUATION WANTED AS CHAMBKRWORK
O and sewing: b,-st city references: 12 years in
last place. Call 411 Oak st.
SCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION:
good cook, baker and laundress, references;
also young girl wants position as nurse or chamber-
work. ■ Call 506 Minna st.
QWEDIBH GIRL WISHES PLACE: CITY OR
vj country: is a pood c ok and do general house-
work. Call 1259 Mission st.
II -\ Ail UKICAN- LADY WISHES POSITION
xA as nurse lor Invalid; 110 objection to traveling.
Cull or address MISS BENTON. 208 Eddy St. '
WOMAN WANTS WORK .BY THE DAY:
»» washing or housecleanii.g. Apply 411 Polk sU
SITUATIONS WAN'TED-Conttnned.
YOIT.VG GIRL DESIRES A POSITION TO DO
1 light housework or assist with children. 317
Grove St.. near Franklin.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\j at general housework? city references. Call
lOOBV2 Minna su ■
JEWISH GIRL wants SITUATION to do
t) housework and assist in cooking in Jewish
family. Call 1411 Octaviast.
BOX CTBBS WOMAN CAN COMMAND A
trade, would like a position as housekeeper in
lodclng-house: used ' to managing large ones, or
would do chamber work. Address A. B. C, box
151 this office. :
KSPECTABLE YOUNG WIDOW WOULD
like position as housekeeper, care of children
like position as housekeeper, care of children
or Jn valid; reference. Call 506 Fourth sU ,
WOMAN WISHES WORK BY DAY AS
" laundress and house-cleaning. Call or ad-
dress 43 Willow aye., off Larkln.
I^XPEKIKNCEI) DAY AND NIGHT NURSE
-J wants position: good references. Address R.
L., hoi 13, this office.
tjl'idow of 34 WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
» » ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: Is also first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8., '
box 1, Call Office, |
I OOKKEEPER — EXPERIENCED YOUNG
•"* lady keeper desires position; good refer-
ences. Address BOOKKEEPER, box 2, Call Of-
fice, Oakland.
("COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
V.' to do upstairs work or care of children; city or
country. 761 Mission St.
YOU.NO WOMAN WANTS TO TAKE
X charge of room ing-house or to rent one for the
summer; references. Address C, box 153, this
office.
OMPETENT YOUNG LADY, WITH EXPE-
\J rience, wants position as stenographer. Ad-
dress Reliable, 42 Hartford St.
YV ANTED— SITUATION BY A RELIABLE
>' German girl to do second work in American
family. Call or address M. F., 122 1 O'Farrell.
p OVERNESS TO YOUNG CHILDREN SEEKS
V.T re-engagement • qualified for position of trust
and travel ; refined; would go in capacity of maid
and companion: German-English: highest .New
York City testimonials. Please address, with par- ■
ticulars, or call at present patron's, 2312 Howard.
ADY OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
lodging-house Duslness would like position to
manage a house. Address M. 0., 61 1 Ellis st.
\' 1 AT RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
-i-V |lace to do second work In private family or ;
lodging-house; city or country. 28 Seventh St.,
room 26.
QITUATION WANTED B\' A. YOUNG ,
0 woman to care for children; can sew: or as 1
companion to a lady: competent for second work;
best of references. Scotch, 615 Eighth St., Oak-
land, Cal.
ANT E D— BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
'» housework in small family: no objection todo-
ing cooking and laundry; is good baker: city or
country. Apply 1000 Washington.
ITUATION WANTED BY THE DAY OR
SITUATION WANTED V.\ THS BAY OR
week to houseclean or wash. Address 212 Btb.
IDDLE-AGED FRENCH GIRL WANTS
work in French or German family for children
or housework. 621 Commercial st.
ESPECTABLE WORKING LADY WOULD
like position as housekeeper; widower's fam-
ily, with small children; is good German cook: can
give good references. Address X. Z., box 42, Call.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day, washing and ironing. 551^ Howard
St., second floor.
/"COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J In small private family to do general house-
work and cooking: will do small washing: city or
country. Call or address 183 Jessie St., oft* Third.
OMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF SEWING
»» or mending by tbe day; terms 75c per day.
Call or address J. ELL A, 3 Keys alley, off Pa-
cific St., near Powell.
YV ANTED— BY COMPETENT WOMAN, A
' » place to do housework or cook : Is a good cook
has best of reference; no objection to short dis-
tance in the country. Address 1924 San Carlos
aye., bet. Mission and Valencia sts.
IRL 15 YEARS WANTS A SITUATION IN
family of two to do housework: references
exchanged. Call or address 520 Third st.
VOCXG ENGLISH LADY WOULD ATTEND
1 on young ladies or children: used to traveling,
or go as second girl. Address W. 8., box 100, Call.
IjMRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
T sewing by the day with a dressmaker. 469
Jessie st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J tion as working house Keeker. Call or address
217 Eddy St.
OUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION IN SMALL
X family in country; home more object than
wages. Y. G., box 153, Call office.
V RELIABLE WOMAN, OVER MIDDLE
ace, as help to elderly couple or general help
to lady doing own cooking: would housekeep for
widower, with family or without. A.idress MRS.
11., 1065 East seventeenth su, Oakland; no pos-
tals.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH
XV a child 6 years old would like to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry st., bet. Third and Fourth.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
Protestant girl in private family; Is good cook;
can give references. 207 Leavenworth st.
' OUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM EUrtOPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music; or lady's
companion; used to traveling; best or references.
Address box 507. Santa Cruz.
\\ ' INCUEd'I ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EM P LOY MENT
\J office; best help. 414 i/ 2 O'Farrell; lei. K. 42a
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches :short notice. 14 Geary, Grant 4«J.
W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
• meni office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. . 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
UNT-R & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
L^IRST-CLASS PAINTER AND DECORATOR;
J German: strictly sober: 3 years' notel refer-
ences: wants long or steady job In hotel, institution
or with private party; will work cheap; city or
country. Address GERMAN, box 135, Call Office.
ybl'NG SWEDISH MAN, SOBER AND IN-
X dustrious, wishes situation in a private family
where he can make himself generally useful; un-
derstands care of horses; also garden work: city or
country. Address W. NELSON, 39 Eddy su
pARDENER WISHES PLACE with pri-
VT vate family: city or country: middle-aged:
single: steady and thoroughly reliable. Address
J. P., box 16, Call Office.
I^IRST-CL.ASS MACHINE-HAND (SHAPER,
1 trimmer, etc.) and cabinet-maker wants situa-
tion; city or country. Address C. 11., box 64, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY MAN AND WIFE
O as head and second cook, or cook and waitress;
best of reference as to sobriety and ability: coun-
try hotel preferred. Address M. A., box 1*27, Cell.
YOUNG MAN: SPEAKS GERMAN AND
X English: graduate of as. F. business college:
well recommended; wishes place In grocery or
chance In wholesale-house to work up. Address
11. 8., box 31, Call Office.
ANTED— SITUATION AS CHORE MAN:
middle-aged man; fully understands eire of
horses: . good milker or garden work; best city
reference. A. X, box 5, Call Office.
CTARDWARE, MECHANICS' TOOLS, ETC.;
XX young man desires position In city or country
store at once; salary no object; not atrald of work.
CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush St., S. F.
TEADY, TEMPERATE YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) wishes a situation around private place;
take of horses, etc. not afraid of work. Ad-
dress Twenty-first st. and Treat aye. (grocery).
ENGINEER DESIRES 81 I UATION; CITY OR
-LJ country; first-class reference: wages reason-
able. Address 11.. box 81, this office.
ANTED— BY A GERMAN OF 35 SOME
" kind of employment; will work cheap. Ad-
dress J. T., box 151, this office.
■yoUNG MARRIED SWEDISH MAN, WITH
X good team, would like work of any kind; will-
Ing ann good worker; wite good cook; city or coun-
try. Address G. C, 269 Second St.. Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
single man, with good reference: good driver;
can milk and do any kind housework: $10 per
month and found. D. X., box 135, this office.
GARDE FIRS I -CLASS, SOBER, MAR-
ried man, wants position In first-class place:
was employed in five different royal gardens in
Europe: held his first position in California for BVfe
years and his last for 4 years: is good bookkeeper,
and made his examination in a royal institute
G. A.. box 76, Call Office,
YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN, SOBER AND
X honest, wishes situation: city or country; first-
class driver; milk and do gardening work; will
produce best of references as to ability. Address
G. C, box 26, Call. -
IJOOKKEKPER WITH 20 YEARS' EXPERI-
JJ ence desires office situation; good references •
will ac 1 l 1) L moderate salary. Address B. 8.. box
101, Call office.
ELDERLY MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
look after things, etc. Address I. L., 40 Ne-
vada block.
pOMPETENT POSTOFFICE CLERK: SALB.V
\J man; experienced telegraph operator; line-
man: position uiiy where; security. SI G.. box
13. Call Office. Oakland. " '
p CHMAN (ENGLISH) WISHES SITUA-
\J tlon in private family; la a good whip: can
drive anything up to four-in-hand; used to polo
ponies and hunters; first-class Australian and
New Zealand references. C. E., box 141. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN OF GOOD HABITS"
trustworthy, understands plain gardening'
care of horses and cows and all worK about a place
city or country good re»> rentes. Address Work'
box 15, Call Office.
p ERMAN. EXPERIENCED GROCERY"
VJ clerk wishes situation, city or country or
general merchandise. Address F. X., box 31, Call.
■WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market-Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; Si 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
niJ5 SAX Fit AN CISCO CAJLJU, TMUKSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MAN AM' WIFK, M W ENGLAND PEOPLE, j
private plnce: man understands care homes,
cattle anil grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. \V. t
box 164, Call OlHce.
p A RDE N Kit' PRACTICAL, ENGLISH, !
" 1 single, wants situation, private or commercial '
1 'a ■<•; thoroughly understands gard ning in all Its
branches. Address K. M., box 9, Ihls ollice.
1 ' Ais I I 1 1— Pi IT I < OS IN DRY GOODS OR
' * gents' furnishing store; am a hustler and have
had 5 years' experience. Address G. L. W., box
102. Call Ollice. ,
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $*l per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and troin thi« ferry,
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
n M"EAT^bljN"o'^ißu"£iG l nT' l HOUSEWORK,
Xi Santa Cruz, $15, fare paid; waitress, country,
£20. fare advanced: cooks, housework and other
places. MURRAY A READY. 634 Clay it.
pERMAN CHAMBER A I>. (I IV . $20;
VI waitress, city hotel, $15; chambermaid and
waitress, city hotel, $15; 2 manglt rs. city laun-
dry, $15; waitress, city restaurant, $20 and room.
C. R. HANSE.V & CO., 110 Geary aU
p ERMAN COOK AND SECOND GIRL, ((UN
VT try, free fare, $26 and $iiO: rook for ranch,
20; plrls for housework, city and country. $20
and $15. C. R. HANSEN a CO., 110 Geary st.
4 NNI X BEIK4STROM. THE CHAMBER"
-rV. maid, please report. C, R. HANSEN A. CO.,
110 Geary st.
YV ANTE D— COOK, SMALL WASH, ACROSS
»* the bay. $25, see lady here at 11 to-day; cook,
no wash, $30; 2 Protestant s> c >nd girls, $20; 2
cooks, boanllug-houses, $30 and $35; 4 chamber-
maids, assist waiting, $15, and girls for cooking
and housework. J. F. CKOSE l'T A CO., 312
Sutter st.
%i* ANTED— 2 WAITRESSES, HOTEL, CITY,
*» $15; housekeeper, gentleman, good home,
$15; French woman, care of old lady, 15; girls
for housework and assist. $25, $20 and $10. LEON
ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
WANTED— NEAT WAITRESS, GOOD COUN-
* » try hotel, $20. fare advanced if desired. W. D.
EWER A CO.. 626 Clay BU
ERMAN WOMAN As COOK; $25. ROOM,
vT etc. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st.
WEDISH SECOND GIRL, SANTA CRUZ,
O $16. easy place, see lady here; second girl.
$20; cook, sleep home, $20. Miss CULLEN, 323
Sutler st.
I ) K 1 I N l > second .girl. »16, must KNOW
IX how to sew; nurse, $20: 15 housework girls,
city and country. $20 ami $25: 6 young girls, as-
Slst, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter tit.
UrAITRESS. $20, COUNTRY: CHAMBER-
'» maid and waitress. $15. city. MISS CULLEN,
323 Slitter st,
EFINED HOUSEWORK GIRL, $15. MISS
XV CULLEN. 32:-! Sinter st.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER, f 10, STOCK-
'' ton, fare paid. MISSCULLEN. 323 Sutter.
U OMAN. WITH A CHILD. AS HOUSE-
** keeper. $10. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
/COLORED COOK, COUNTRY. $25. MISS
\J CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
OOK, $30; COOK AND LAUNDRESS, $25;
/ infant's nurse, $25; nurscglrl, $20: 10 girls
for housework HDd assist, wages $12, $16 and $20.
MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St.
p IRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN i
VJ* cooking; 2in family. $8. 2090 Market st.
HOUSEGIRL, SAUSALITO, $26. 2 IN FaM-
ily. no washing; houseglrl. Ross Valley. $30;
2 chambermaids. sls, city: housekeeper, country,
$15; cook, $25, city. Apply 315 Sutter st.
rpOR LIGHT CHAMBERWORK — A GOOD I
X 1 home for woman from 30 to 45; must be honest
and sober: wages low. Apply for 3 days at 765
Market st., between Third -in Fourth.
"L^OR CITY OFFICE OF NEW MEDICINE
X 1 house, woman experienced In interviewing aid
hiring lndy agents: references necessary. F., box !
4, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— GIRL To ASSIST IN LIGHT
»» housekeeping and care of babies. 3841 i
Eighteenth su
GIRL TO ASSIST WITH CHILD: SLEEP I
home: wages $7. Call, after 3, 1620 Ellis st.
WANTED— SMALL GIRL TO ASSIST WITH
'» baby three years old. Call Thursday, bet. 10
and 12 a. m., 31 Fulton st.
\> OUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEKEEPING: FAM-
X ily of two; no washing; good home- Call be-
fore 3 p. m.. 1808 Turk su
pOMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work; small American family. 52 Bartlett
st., bet. 10 and 11 o'clock.
\\! AN! ED-YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
»' housework : references. 2241 Sutler st.
OUNG GIRL, ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND j
X children; 81. . Call before 12, 1324 a Webster. ■■
I ADY WITH SOME CAPITAL OR SKI UK- i
X-t uy to manage oflice business. 131 Post, r. 20.
WANTED — GOOD TAILORESS; ALSO AP- j
'» prentice on custom coats. 606 Pacific st.
CM ART GIKL To LEaRN TAILORING; PAID
O while learning. 291 Natoma st., nr. Fourth.
wU I TONHOLE-MAKERS ON COATS. 108
I > Battery st.
ALESLADY FOR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,
O corsets and hosiery. U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 107, Crocker building.
\\rAIST FINISHER AND SKIRT.MaKER.
' •_ Apply at dressmaker's. 782 Van Ness aye.
Y~O UNG~~f L~~TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work and mind children. 125 Twenty-ninth st.
\\r ANTED— LADIES TO CONSULT MEDIUM
" and planet-reader; 25c. 94« Mission st.
IRBT-CL.AHR SKIRTM AKEHS. BOWHAY.
X 504 Sutter st.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
»» Apply, with reference, 2228 Clay st., corner
Bnchanan.
ORPHAN GIKL TO TAKE CARE OF TWO
children; school privileges. Cail 219 Scott su
GERMAN - SWISS GIRL FOR GENERAL
VJT housework. 1309 Stockton st.
\\T ANTED - ANY ONE THAT SUFFERS
»' with stomach, bowel or kidney trouble, to call
or address, with stamp for reply, DR. CRAIG, 14
McAllister st., rooms 40 and 41.
A [OST CONVENIENT AND 111 SPECT ABLE;
'1 Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
4 STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
XV din's Chocolate Emulsion, 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
HAIRDRES.-)INoT2Sc AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
A PPRKNTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
tingand making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 63.
RESSMAKINO, CUTTING AND Fin 1 .
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c so. MrPOWKII, Academy. 21« Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
COOK. $60 TO 1 56 6 A N^FOUNDT^ai^ COOKs"
$25, $45 and $60; 3 waiters, $15, $20 anil $85;
neat walterboy. $5 week: conk ami wife, $30-
-cook for a lunch counter, $8 week ; 2 dishwashers:
German cook, near city, $'25, and many other
places from $15 to $90 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Emplovmeut
Agents, 634 and 686 Clay st. '
OA REDWOOD TII-.MAKERS, 8C AND 10c
— -V/ each: charcoal burner, $1 50 day. MURRAY
A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. . . ',
UTTER-MAKER, $25; 3 MILKERS FOR
same place, $20, see boss at our ollice: 5 farm-
ers, $20; choreman, $20. . MURRAY it READY.
634 and 636 Clay su
WAGON-MAKER AND WOODWORKER*FOR
'» small country shop, near city. $40 per month
and found: 2 stableman, $26 and found: 2 team-
sters. $26 and found. MURRAY * READY 034
and 636 Clay St. '
YV ANTED— COOK FOR AN INSTITUTION;
' • Hhort distance tn country, must be neat, clean
and sober man, $50 per month and found; butter-
maker, $26: 2 milkers, $20: man to milk 18 cows
and make butter. $20 and found: farmhands and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay 8U
EAD COOK, RESTAURANT, $80 TO $30.
C. K. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
O SIX-HORSE MOUNTAIN TEAMSTERS, $40
— and board; see party here. C. R. HANSEN «fc
CO., 110 Geary st. . y ,c, .,
O HOTEL WAITERS, ARM WORK. $30. C. R
-. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
YV"ANTED-CO.)IC WHO UNDERSTANDS I
»» Spanish and Mexican cooking; first-class J
butler: English or Scotch coachman, country $30- '
etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su '
l\ r A NT 3 SWAMPKRS. $38; MINER,
'» $2 76: tiemakers; choreman for ranch: cook,
small hotel, and others. Apply J. F. CROSETT & I
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
SECOND COOK, $30, ROOM, ETC., CALL
early; German, man and wife, for resort, $35
etc. MARTIN \s Employment Agency.749 Market.
COLORED COOK. COUNTRY, $25. Miss
y CULLEN, 323 butter st.
Mr! JUNES, THE COOK, WHO FORMERLY
worked at the Gem restaurant, Howard st
call at 3409 Mission st.
YY ANTED-2 EXPERIENCED SOLICITORS
»" for copper plate engraving. Call at 1028
Market St.. room 10.
YYTANTED-STRONG, TRUSTY BOY TO DE-
liver books: reference required. Call 8:30
a. m. 406 Montgomery s  room 9.
Reliable" MAN to TAKE ORDERS; PER-
XX manent position to right man; references re-
quired or deposit. PIDOE, 9 Geary st.
■ VY r ANTED— EXPERIENCED MARKER AT
» » once. Vallejo Steam Laundry.
DRIVER FOR DRIVING AND cleaning
wagon; with experience. 1841 Mil more st.
IROeTBRS AT PARISIAN LAUN^
dry, SW. Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
O Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth. .
Yy ANTED— COOK AT 43 SECOND STi
WANTED— MAN TO PRESS ON COATS. 1117
Howard st. ;
AN OF GOOD ADDRESS: A WORKER, 7" 9
Montgomery St., room 7. > :
VY r ANTED— BOY TO LEARN THE TAILOR-
'T ing trade. Apply 6 Eddy st.. room 118. ■
VY r ANTKD- EXPERIENCED MAN, OR MAN
»T and wife, to take charge of ranch. Address
H. MORTON, box 51. Call office.
HELr ANTKD-Contlnued.
A Y NTED-PA 7, /NER IN GOOD-PAYING
_'.' I.H-. harber-siiop. 131 O'Farre.l st. •*»
\\- ANTED— WAITER, $20 PER MONTH AND
'' room. 511 Valencia su
YV ANTED— AN EXPERT MECHANICAL
' .... <>n(s er with necessary capital who would be
wining 10 become a partner to a new Invention; I
nave discovered a combination of forces which will
work an airship against the wind; no storage
battery, gasoline or steam power will be used.
Address or call A. LEWKOWITZ, 7 Russ sU. city
VI AN WANTED IN THE COUNTRY TO
'»> work in house and garden in exchange for
iioini' mid clothes; must be trustworthy and will-
Ing; no other need apply; references required.
lly U-ii'Tiinly, B. X., Larkspur station.
'tJTICAIIY, RELIABLE MAN TO ATTEND
»J <•»»!> counter and assist in restaurant: good
|m,miii.ii f,, r suitable man; small capital required.
si 1 NilKKu CO.. 632 Market St. _^
t '•' ' • c I :. RESPONSIBLE MAN FoR
*1 lirniicli paying business; good salary and share
of profits: must have $300 to $500 to carry stock.
.\,|ilresn c. -< box 32, Call Ollice.
yOU.NO MAN AS PARTNER: TRAVEL AND
X appoint agents. RaND, 460 Minna at., after 4.
OAK 111 X » HOP FOR SALE; IN FIRST-
XJ clasH location: running 3 chairs steady. For
particulars Inquire at 127 Oak st., after 6 o'clock.
P « •' 'D silo !•: M A Kir CAN FIND A SPLEN-
» » did business opening by applying to J. WEST-
LAKE. Reno, Nev. Apply by letter at once.
LMIWT-CLASS DRY-GOODS MAN WHO IS a
X good advertiser and can manage a large busi-
ness; must be a rustler and thoroughly com-
petent. Call U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167.
Crocker building.
V\r AN I ED— GOOD SHOEMAKER FOR SOLES
»T and heels. 5 Hunt st. *
MAN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
I>l Apply 519 Filbert St.
U ARBER-SHOP WORTH $300 FOR $160;
XJ going out of business. STOLZ, 630 Market St.
4 FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c; 3 EGGS,
vt chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st.
HA II K-SHOP: WELL LOCATED; CHEAP
rent and good business: $125 If sold at once.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st. • .
PEOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY HAS-
-L lly apply to 1616 Stockton St. -
STEAMER PORTLAND, 900 TONNAGE, FOR"
Cooks Inlet. Alaska gold fields, sails about
the 16th of May; flue accommodations; fare $55;
freight $15; 500 pounds baggage free. Apply
FRED HOLMES, 506 Buttery aU
YV ANTED— MEN TO SOLICIT: BIG INDUCE-
'» merits. C. F. ADA CO.. 156 Fifth st.
EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-> 3-1 and -ltd— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $2 50; ing-room strictest at-
tention to morning c»lls;clean;quiet: open all night
T%r INCHES! Kit HOUSE. 4 I THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ri ENTLEMAN WELL ACQUAINTED In
vJT city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing G., box 95, this office.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; JBOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents. -
OOMS 15c TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 50c TO *1 60
XX per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
\\r ANTED- AT ROOM 317, S2B MONTGOM-
» » cry St.. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not rrcelve their just dues; no charue unless "suc-
cessful: suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\K r ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
LERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
LfOURQUIN'B CAL' A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant- aye. and Sutlers!
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
liElf-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
YV ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
"» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKKBURN * <"0.. Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C for their 1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
BESTIR CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25. Cl 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and L»*ldesdorff sts.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" ers&clerks. X.VOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
OARBERS' PROTKCTIVK UNION EMPLOY-
iJ inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
I>AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF I'Al. KM PLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238VfcO'FarreiL
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I > Bta.; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
O Pacific St.. below Kearny: lodging half price. sc.
10c, 16c pr night ;c!ean beds, sunny rooms.no ounks
YY* ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third .st.: 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
»V HaT CHEKR HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
"' St.; 200 room* ; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a woek: meal a 10c 
\| EN'S 1/,-wLINO 60c: LADIKV 40c: DONE
iX while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Ilo'.el.
1/ in MEN TO TAKE LODUINO AT 10c. ISC
X yi\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls,
624 Washington st., near Kearny. .
t\' K ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR"
' ' your old shoes and make them as goon as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
nt one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
Cb2 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
Mh . TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
A I EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
I*l nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 Vi MARKET ST.-
Rooms 'Me, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $Z week.
l/'RKIi BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
-1? also a bottl sof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
WRY' ACME HOUSE, Slo7 MARKET ST., BK-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: '-'5c a nlgh'.t $1 »t wa«»lc.
YV ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; «1
•» v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
read I ntr- room: dally paners. 30 Clay v..
AGENTS WAMTED.
\\r ANTED-LADY OB GENTLEMEN SOLIC-
»» Uors for the Perfection wire washboard: city
or country; 3to r», afternoons. 23 Davis, rm. 29.
I A DIES TO CANVASS FOR "FEMINA," A
XJ woman's book, by Dr. Miller; salary and com-
mlsglon. Apply 1018 Valencia st., cor.'Hill.
pANVASSERS WANTED FOR "THE EARTH
\J Girdled," by De Witt Talmage. Apply 1031
Market nt.. room D.
FUKNITUKE WANTED.
KCOND-H AND FURNITURE" WANTED to
0 fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
\M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth su
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkln.
|>KFOKE SELLING YOUR FURNITURK
■1J send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER. WANTS FURNI-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
CALL ON J. C MUTHER, 621 KJEAKNY. I?
v-' you want bfghest ash price for your furniture
carpets, pianos, or roTchiuirilsn of any kind.
HOUSES 'WANTED.
\\ ANTED TO RENT BY JUNE 1-COMFORT-
'» able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
sine of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Audreys lf-?i,s. PostofUce twx 2051. ■ ,
_^ KOOMS WANTED.
ANTED— LARGE UNFURNISHED ROOM.
'» lighted from the north or cast, with grate or
place for stove; must be above the first floor.
Address W. A. 8., box 61. this otlice, stating
terms, which must be moderate.
WANTED-3IISCELLANEOUS.
W^SSi i n RATIONAL CASH BKOIfirTKB;
'» must be a total-adder an, I In good condition.
Address W. N., box 66. this office.
WANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
« cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
H 1 ** H i-.ST PRICE PA.D FOR CAST-OFF
clotnlng and jewelry. A., box 2, Call.
CELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING and jew
1-7 e!rv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth bu: send postal.
'dentists.
DILL. T. I'RANZ— EXTR Aoi'ToN "pAINLEasj"
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st-, cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
V. ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 60c, with gas $1.
Ct7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A.3
V • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
tientlst. 030 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
HONEBT WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 623 Montgomery, rm. L
Tj'ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, 24 Sixth su
SET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
I )R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THJS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
pAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X. bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; IS rears'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 816»/4 Oeary.
I \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
COl/TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. MAR-
ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WA.K-
x_ ranted. DR. j. W. KEY. 1122 Market su
PERSONALS.
THE ECONOMY" M ERY,"RkD FRONT,
40, 4H sixth st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressi-U 26c. ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c.
ISFIT PARLORS, 316 3D ST., SELLS AND
buys fashionable ladies' clothing; refitting free.
4 DVIC- FP.EE; DIVORCE LAWS. A SPE-
J\- rialty. private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 860 Market st
RAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
-It' also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth bU. Oakland, Cal.
IDS COLN BROS., CASH G ROCERS, 226 SIXTH
J— su, bet. the 2 markets— 2 doz eggs, 25c; fine
butter, 25c roll; Pet cream, 10c a can; choice milk,
10c a can; new jelly, 10c a can; 6 BpS prunes, pears,
apricots, plums or apples, 26c; picnic hams, 6c lb:
sugar-cured harms, 8c tb; new cheese, 3 lbs 25c;
cornstarch, 5c tt>: 23 candles, 25c. LINCOLN
RROS., 226 Sixth st.
UUY YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN.
1 ' lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veiling, »-tc., very cheap at
Pioneer Dry-eoods Store. 105 Fifth st.
V OUNO MAN. CONTEM PLATING MAR-
X riage, desires to form the acquaintance of a
Oerman-speaking lady of from 25 to 35 years.
medium size and who is willing to assist him in his
restaurant. Please address J. 8.. box 8, Call.
rmvo young men about to make a
J. business trip through Mexico and Contra! Amer-
ica, desire to arrange with one or two responsible
houses of this city with a view to transacting busi-
ness, collecting their bills, etc.; best of credentials
as to reliability and integrity. Address P. N. box
99, Call Office.
SPECI A L^SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Sprcckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed : self-measurement
cards sent free; conn try trade solicited.
\\T ANTED— FOR ADOPTION, A LITTLE GIRL
'' . to 5 years old. Address MRS. SARAH
ALLKN. Berkeley, stating particulars.
TTOK ADOPTION— HEALTHY BOY BaBY; 2
x years of age: $2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress U.. box 285. Call Office.
1 OUIS MILLER. THE ORDIAN-M
-I--' removed to 706 Mission st., near Third.
rpitUNKS MOVED. 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company. 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
HA PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY
, business places and real estate. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aw.
THE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIKDRESS-
X Ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111. and
the name is G. LEDKRER. Don't make a mistake.
pIANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME. 50c
-*- and 81; best reference. P. L., box 18, Call.
U r n■ I. JAMES B. WELSH. RAILROAD
brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul. Minn., or any one who knows of him or
bis whereabouts, communicate with the under-
signed at once. C. K. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway, 2 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
1) W A RD-THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
t sociation offer a reward of $20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work Is being done.
1 MOO CARDS, SI 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
-L tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary su, r. 39.
" I EA U T V ," A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
Xt book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 Phelan building between 12 and 5.
AIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c: lessons
given: face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.I3I Post.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other.
NOLTE PAYS CASH FOR OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'Farrell su
AZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
A THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKHMS YOU
* "V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
ELECT BiC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
A RTI NGTO-VT- ~ SCHOOL OF JIAUA/.INK
X and Newspaper Illustration;' day and evening
classes: instructors. J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 PO>T ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge worK.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
J Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
Q I A ROOM: CAKP_Ta CLEANED ON THE
«V 1 floor. 20tt Leaven worth h:.
1O OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market aU
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
LIKM.AI, AMh7u.\ DIAJIOXM Jew-
elry, etc.: lowest ratos. »48 Market »t.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J rrifrs' cost. Factor*-. -0 Sansona« su. upstairs.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tie
United States, or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age •■■- ■■ ■
DItKSiSMAKEKS. — — —
T~\RESSES $'.' UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
XJ lawn .«! up. MIS-'' 4 mom:'. St.. :ihovc sixth.
~~~~ CXAIK VUTANTB.
■• A - j^-^^~ v^~^222_X
50 and $1-50 cts and $I—so as and *1.
"KNOWLEDGE I- POW_R."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN UK VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give ndvice on all
matters that .ire of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and Unppy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influence* in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are hut few mediums In the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
.stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. M.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market at.
ADVICE and ~~~
assistance to all.
When you wisn to consult a true disciple of
clairvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNKI.LE i? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clairvov-
aucy. You will find him a wonderful belnn. He
has mnde thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallu.le and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to yon just what you want to
know. Others may have failed you: Professor
Carnelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.'
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st.
\| I 1.. POUTER, CARD- READKR; TKJL.LS
-L»X past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1:
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TtLU.K l.s
the world: 50c and $1. shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY":
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
VPS V LI E~-RK A DEK.T LADIES, 25c:
gents, 50c; readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
TITME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
111 past, present and future: 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c. 311 Tehama. upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of are; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
MX. LENEMAR — FORTUNES. TOLD BY
planets: predicted in '7-1 passengers of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Tavlor st.. cor. Market.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS~FKO~M CRADLE TO
the grave: fee */5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
I) -TURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
IX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-"
er by egc« and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exempted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee *1: letter *2. 929 Post at., nr. Larkin.
' " SFIKITUALISAI. ~ ■
est" CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;" 10c; SKEPTICS
J. Invited. MME. YOUNG, 605 McAllister st.
OHN SLATER, SITTINGS DAILY 10 TO 2,
865 Market st. Circles Friday night.
RS. SHRINEK.TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT-
-10c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
\f KS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
I*l trance niwl'iinr ' sitting $1. 121 Stockton st.
- _ ___ . _
lost"
lOST— SMALL YELLOW PUP WITH
J lar; answer* to the name of Rex. Return to
2121 Greenwich St.: $5 reward.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of ELLA W. CARTNEV: No. 184,836.
Th« finder will please return to bank. .
OST— A PAKS-BOOK WITH THE UIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of san Francisco in
the name of MAR V C. BRENNAN, No. 208,050'
the finder will please return to bank. ■■ ■ % ■ -
BICYCLES/ ~~ ~ ~~
ARK CYCLERY-^NEW WHEELS TO _EtV
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, lie-
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
SEWING; MACHINES. ~~
* LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHaNGEIX
x_ rented, repaired; lowest raies. > 2U5 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
"VJ" OT ICE^PAR^ 'riESwisillNa'TO^SE LL RES-
Xi taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, '.'fii^ Kearny st.
QinfiA FINE SALOON, WITH CIGAR-
tIP -I""-'"' store.in country town; rent $45: pay-
ing business. 26^ Kearny sU
<2jO^A BUTCHER-SHOP, OLD ESTAB-
t&OOXJ. lisbed : 2 horses, wacons: low rent: a
great bargain. JOHNSTON. 20y 8 Kearny st.
<2»9P:n coalyard, horses, wagons,
i£s+*O\J. building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent $6; a bargain. 26Va Ke4irny st.
Al PAYING SALOON; GOOD STOCK AND
fixtures; central location; low rent; rooms;
make offer. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
IF YOU WANT TO S'-LL OK BUY A BUBI-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©ll'A GROCERY AND BAR: FINE
««/-'--»-«-'"• stock; elegant fixtures: doing good
business; in fine locality; will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place Is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
'<£ 1 (7O RESTAURANT: 6 TABLES; NICE
\'U. range; living rooms; cheap rent; paid
to June 1. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
rpo SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
1 lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
QjOAA FINE COFFEE AND LUNCH
— \'\J. place; all in running order: the rent
only $10 a month; taking in $8 to 20 per day;
you will never get a chance like this again. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
A SNAP— HALF INTEREST IN MEAT MAR-
ket doing $20 daily; good horse and cart for
delivery: fullest Investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
rpo SELL YOUR BUSINESS FOR CASH RIGHT
1 ■ away see or send to STANLEY, '_'li' 2 Third.
<2»1 T-r BRANCH BAKERY AND GENERAL
«J) L I O. store; same hands 7 years: taking $8
daily; low rent: bargain. STANLEY, 211/4 Third.
pARPEXTEB-SHOP; ESTABLISHED TEN
\J years; machines, etc.; great bargain. STAN-
LEY. 2iy a Third st. ■ \ : ;
Qj-I -n PARTNER WANTED in LIGHT
tinJ-c)". cash business; good wages made; trial
given before buying: no previous experience re-
quired. STANLEY, 2iy 2 Third st.
ESTAURANT AT 5 YOUR OWN PRICE;
must be sold; same hands 2 years: good trade;
finely fitted: good location. STANLEY, 2iy 2 3d.
<j7j»>;rr\ RESTAURANT; GOOD PLACE; LOW
«ipZiUV;. rent: bargain. STANLEY. 21V a Third.
Clf-Ao GROCERY; GOOD STORE; FINE
'I?''" I . location: well fitted; great bargain;
good stock. STANLEY. 21 V 3 Third st. ■■■--.
<£XAfk RESTAURANT, GOOD LOCATION;
O\f\J. splendid trade. STANLEY, 21% Third.
<5«/<nA RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY:
(uSIV.'U. receipts $15 aay; low rent. 211/2 Third.
4 9f|A BAKERY. LARGE CASH TRADE;
■~OUU. pargHln. STANLEY, 21 Third st.
C QOO RESTAURANT, NORTH. NR. MAR-
tpOVJVJ. ket, doing good business; value In
sight: full investigation to party meaning busi-
ness; don't miss It. BTENBEKGCO., 632 Market.
<Bjt>'7X CORNER SALOON, CITY FRONT;
'4?*-' • <-*• old-established, popular place; hot and
cold lunch daily; receipts average $16 profit: fur-
nished; big bargain. STENBERG Co., 632
Market St.
pROCERY. BAR; YOUR OWN PKICE; MAKE
U offer. STENBERG. 632 Market st.
*& A^(\ Will AND OYSTER MARKET; 4
IfJV/. living-rooms connected: rent $17 50;
weekly profits S_o; owner 12 years; retiring from
business. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
IiCAAA dyeing and CLEANING busi-
*?\J\J\f\J. ness, building Included: tow ground
rent: all Implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary to* first-class business: owners
worked It successfully last seven years: always
made money; thorough investigation and satis-
factory trial given; owners remain until posted.
STENBERG CO. . 632 Market st.
o?*_JO^ BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
«->—. O. cies store: 2 living-rooms,- bath, fur-
suitable for family. STENBERG.632 Market
C*l 000 FOR SALE THIS WEEK; OLD ES-
iIPl"""- tablished restaurant; near Market*
receipts $40 dally: full investigation; trial given:
going to Europe. STENBERG _ CO., 632 Market.
S~ HOKSTORE. FINE COUNTRY TOWN; ES-
, O tablished 15 years; large profits; will sell for
! 65 per cent on cost. DI-.CKER. 1020 Market st.
I inn candy-store on market ST.;
V- "- clears $100 per month. DECKER.
j 1020 3!ark<n st.
CJ?I 100 COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
tjPJLIUU. nr Baldwin. DECKER, Market.
COFFER AND CUOP~fiOUSE FOR SALE;
VJ fine location; see it. DECKER, 1020 Market.
NOTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-l-> promptly for cash. HEALY ArCO., 23 Kearny.
JjOXA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
«4T>_.tJV/. lor north of Market: clearing $80 per
month; bargain; trial. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
<s»9^nn G RAND CHANCE: BAKERY,
'.. —''\r\f. confectionary and restaurant: in a
leading city: short distance from San Francisco-
business of $40 per day; large cake trade: 250 out-
side customers; 2 horses, 2 wagons: par: cash; trial
before purchasing. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
17 L G A N TI.Y FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
-L* vicinity Market st. HEALY. 23 Kearny su
£»*>^o BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
j 'ip^.U\r. variety store at the Mission: 6 rooms,
with furniture. W. F. HEaLY, 23 Kearny st.
C? 7? n wi i7l buy cigar, STATIONERY
tip I • \J and notion business: positively clearing
over $100 per month; building included: ground
rent small: great bargain. BARRETT.' <fc SKIFF.
921 Market su
i ©lnO FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
, •yi-^V/. best business street. BARRETT &.
SKIFF. 921 Market st. '
7iORNERGROCERY AND BAR; A SNAP TOR
VJ the price; Allocation: sock worth the i^lce
asked. LYNCH & SEERY, 935 Market st.
\y ANTED— 3 DA\ S' NOTICE TO SKLL YOUR
" business; to buy a business come at once
LYNCH A SERRY. 935 Market su
Q93nn RESTAURANT WITH NEW BLD'G
'I? — Ov/l/. on long ground lease: best location
on city front; money-making place: cash or part
in real estate. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California.
<K1 £07T CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
«{?J-OVfv/. sale district: money-making place;
must be sold st once; owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st.
*)*>X GOOD PAYING CORNER SALOON;
Kp — ~0. a bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Market.
J_ T.fl FINE SALOON: DOING GOOD BUBI-
-' iV". ness; fine fixtures: large stock; bll
liards and pool: best location. KEIDY, 13% Sixth.
T7OR SALE— HALF-INTEREST IN GOOD CON-
" tract; big pay; small capital required. Apply
nt once HICKOK& CO.. 873 V-; Market st.
OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR, $300;
cheap. 721 Polk st.
PARTNER IN WELL-PAYING BESTAUR-
X ant. 722 Howard st. "".
C*Qnn SALOON. BOARDING AND ROOM-
•^pOWI/. ing bouse: on front 27 rooms; good
business; must sell at once; owner leaving City.
PIERCE, 22 Kesrny st.
11KSTAURANT AND BAKERY IN CENTRAL
XX location; nicely fitted up: in university town:
must be sold this week on account of Departure;
cash or will exchange for anything of use on a
ranch. Address box 63, Berkeley.
/ 1 OOD ROUTE ON MORNING PAPER: ABOUT
VI 700 names. Address E., box 1, Call Office,
Oakland.
i~pOR SALE— CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
V bu:ehershop in the city; other business cause
of selling: no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
USTBE SOLD AT ONCE— VERY CHEAP
dairy produce delicacies business: best loca-
tion; fine trade. Inquire 1404 Polk st.
ROCEIIY AND BAR; LONG-ESTABLISH-
VJ ed; doing good business: death cause of sale.
Apply this oflice.
I7IOR SALE— 2 GOOD EVENING ROUTES.
-L Call at 623 Sacramento St., 11 to 12 a m.
GOOD PAYING UYCLERY: GOOD WHEELS-
VJ best location. W. CRaNE, 324 Post st.
0g IOC "GAR-STAND; OWNER GOINO
<s)__jtJ. East. HO Stockton st.
7^ RESTAURANT; OWNER GOING
<jp 10. East; must be sold to-day. 51 Second st.
V ' " : SALE— CORNER SALOON : DOING GOOD
J buainesa. 600 Sixth St., corner Bryant.
OLD- GOLD — — GOLD — UOLD-CAN
,j beat Alaska or the Gold Exchange; California
gold mines for sale cheap; quartz gold mines, with
mill* running and paying big profits, at low prices
and easy terms: some splendid newly discovered
ledges showing good-paying outcrops, and are sure
aVnn ? P ', nto ,, r rich, ich Paying mines, from $2000 to
on^*nn» P ?h d <lß 'm. fre e-niHling quartz lode,
Kiu'lprß^v rare bargains. .. CHaRLKS F
BLAIKBIR.y E. M., International Hotel, S. F.
$750 CORNER GROCERY AND —
•FIOU. with living-rooms, on Polk st • low
"•Ji: . Rood place: kept by owner for years:
WILKH & WOLF. 531 California st. * e " r »-
Y?£ SALE— A BAKGaTN; TIN AND PLUMB-"
X ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
ALBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH*
-3- IsE. cor. Everett st., for sale. a '
CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
\J business; 17 years same block. Apply this office.
-TOR RENT. UNFURNISHED-THE -GRAN-"
r ite House," Folsom. Cal., a 2-story frame ho: el
COnUhdng par:or dinln«-room, barroom, kifchfn
»1 1 H^' lrO ° mS: '" cood repair and " De location
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business-, extra inducement*
offered. Address LOUIS KLL'Mp" FolsSn?clS?
Sij '>()Q tt(J OD PAYING RESTAURANT
*$n n f 'ar Montgomery and Market sts.; r<>nt
T . HORSESHOERS-THE BEST HORSE-
! X shoeing business In San Francisco for sale An-
ply to F. BRUSE. 1061 Golden Patera.
U\OR SALE- A TAILOR STORE IN A FINE.
x location; very cheap: must leave at once on ac?
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st.
'HO LEASE IN MAYFTeLD, SANTA CLARA
1 county. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25
Apply C. DUCKER or F, PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
-s^l GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVING^
tgXUU. rooms. Apply Call Office. -
SA LOO - OPPOSITE NEW CITY HALL"
O _oort location. Address P. a, 435 ThirteetnhsU
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
CjQ/rfk PARTNER WAN'I ED IN LEGITI-
UrdOxJ. mate manufacturing- business:
facturing standard goods lin general use every
where and iii great demand: -trade Increasing:
money to be Invested to enlarge plant: carries full
stock: is absolutely necessnry to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market su
(JJ.I CA PARTNER WANTED: NICK CASH
*ip±*J\J. business: can be increased with help of
good man: tine horse and buggy; will suit any one
wanting an active paying business: clears $65 to
$75 to each; chance in a lifetime; don't miss it.
OEO. STEWART, 602 Market St., Crocker build-
ing, downstairs. ' " '
A LHA JIBR A. MINERAL SPRINGS TO
A rent, cheap— lo9 acres of land: 17 rooms, un-
furnished; bairjs; beautiful location; 5 miles from
Martinez. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal. .'.■• r Y\.
*3tQnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<Z>O\J\J. living-rooms: hc-ie. wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent $42 50; Western Addition : doing good
business; value in sight; call at once. WILKE &
WOLF, 531 California st. . . .
ADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLEMAN
i partner with 50; country proposition. Room 2,
12 -Mason St.
I..UTCHER-SHOP TO LET, WITH OR WITH-
'I* out nxtures; cheap. 1806 Howard st. ■. .
INK BRANCH BAKERY.-WITH GROCERY
and soda-water stand: in good location. In-
quire in Call utiire. ■■
VOX SALE— GOOD PAYING GROCERY AND
X 1 bar, wood and coal, hay and graln.:boarding-
stable, teaming, all combined: 5 years' lease; 3
years established. Call northeast corner Fifteenth
and Guerrero sts.
ANTED— TO PURCHASE SMALL MILK
»» route. H. H. FIFE. 1043 Market st.
KITTING PLANT; RARE OPPORTUNITY
for a beginner with cash capital: complete out-
fit: must sell at once. Address Printer, box 73,
Call Ollice.
fflJOflA FOR A FRUIT AXE VEGETABLE
«i3>«— U\J store; a good horse and wagon Included;
good location: must be sold by the 20th of May;
rent $18. Apply 2325 Mission st., near Twentieth.
HOLESALE LIQUOR - STORE, UuTmT
good business, for sale or exchange for a good
saloon. 230 Third st.
v> I' 7 F\ GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
<£> I It), bakery: good location. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st. lll___
1 PAPER ROUTE TN CENTER OF OAK
Al PAPER ROUTE TN CENTER OF OAK
land. C. D.. box 9, Call Office, Oakland.
QQ7r COAL AND WOOD YARD DOINO
tjpO I O. good business; must be sold at once;
engine and boiler is worth the money; trial given.
Call 810 Sixth st.
TEADY EMPLOYMENT; GOOD SALARY
and Interest to sober man; must have $1500;
no other need apply. S. E., box 151, Call Office.
W ANTED— BUTCHER BUSINESS EN COU N -
»" try town: must be cheap. Address Batcher,
box 10, Call Office, Oakland.
3£9^A SALOON WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
«ID^-«JU. rent $22 60: near WelLi-Fargo'a office;
owned by brewer. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
I HAKCE FOR WOODWORKER |TO ENTER
" J business: small capital. O. 11., box 75. Call.
OOD COFFEE-MILL, NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
scales and groceries for sale cheap. 112 San
Jose aye. . . ■ . - .
L OK SALE— MUSICAL SHOOTING OAL-
-T lery located 1187 Market st. (Central Park),
consisting of musical and automatic targets, air-
guns, rifles, etc. ; all complete; will be sold at a
bargain.
Q>9l-fn, BAKERY MUST SOLD ACCOUNT
iß)£iO\3. of sickness; store, 6 rooms, cellar, yard;
rent $15; portable oven: all store trade. Apply
Mission Bakery, 1906 Mission st.
<£ 1 i\i\ FRUITSTORE; BEST LOCATION IN
rd±\J\J. the city for the right man. Apply 18
City Hall square. . ■
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
9fl TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
<p — V of Turf Speculation will yield you an Income
of $25 weekly; have never lost a dollar for a client.
Our book on '-.Successful Turf Speculation"
nmiled free. MORRIS & CO., 112 Dearborn St.,
Chicago. ■:..-..-
CJjTITn GROCERY AND BAH; 3 ROOMS;
ig)i-O\J. well stocked; |bargaln. SW. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe.
T. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STOKE TO LET,
25x75, including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
VOR SALE-$-i&60 : 2-STORY BUILUING.JCON-
X 1 mining saloon, barber-shop and lodging-house of
10 furnished rooms; brings a rent ot $90 per
month; opposite C. P. railroad depot. Apply to
owner, C. WALLSTAB. Wadsworth, Nev.
li'Oß SALn— OLDEST ESTABLISHED
-T dry goods, clothing and millinery business In
Alameda. N. STRAUSS CO , Park st., Alameda.
O A LOON FOR SALE OR TRADE: CITY
0 front; on account of sickness; line business.
Room 88, Chronicle building. . . .
pREAT BARGAIN; ONE OF BEST RES-
VJT taurants in city; daily from $15 to $20. Apply
Call Office. -- • y J
<3il ?\i\f\ established outside busi-
<jp XO x i\J. ness, clearing $125 per month; in-
vestigate. C. £ box 75, Call Office.
"<INE BUSINESS FOR A MAN WITH$10,000;
1 00 p<-r cent per year easily. Address Business,
box 51, Call Office.
"L^RUITSTORE FOR SALE CHEAP. 1105
-I Howard st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-^x »V hEKLY CALL, in wranoer. for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
R^OM^T^NE^F7IAr7iNE - .".."" *7od
15 rooms: fine corner 350
10-room house, worth $1000; price........... 400
40 rooms: line for transient. , ; 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only .." 600
16 rooms on Taylor st ." ; 750
45 rooms on Market st * 25011
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
900,0, 44 ROOMS elegantly fur-
<£)^\J\r\J. nished; location Al; paying well;
don't fail to Investigate this chance of a lifetime to
get an elegant rooming-house. T. LUBELSKI. 7
City Hall aye. -;•::■-,^-.
YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A XODO
X ing-house quick, see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. ;■*?„ ■',■ ..-.-■■. •, .
<3t700 20-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE, PAY-
iVJKJ. Ing about $100 per month; will stand
fullest investigation; investigate this rare snap-
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
\V ELL-KEPT HOUSE 9 ROOMS; NICELY
'» furnished; good location; near Market- pries
$300. BTENBERQ & CO.. 632 Market. .
Ofc^O Rooming HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; AL-
i£i4.iJ\J. ways full; good location; nice house-
central: great bargain. STANLEY, 21^ Third st.
ODGING-HOUSE 37 ROOMS FOR SALE
cneap: income $240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st.
1?OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE
-F 22 Sacramento St., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted; gas: water: Improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and in order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-house: convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market st.; established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
Owner on premises.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
I^^ATE^FuiftNTrTjU^ANb CARPETS OF
5 rooms, kitchen stove and complete house-
keeping outfit; no second-hand dealers. 6381 A
Jessie st. ■-' : .... ■..'.-. -..--!r»
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new ; cash or time: open evenings,
in irk SALE ! ~~ : " — —
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dts-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ,". . # 918 5,
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves mi 750
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard „ 55
Matting, peryard 19
Till our new building Is erected these price* wIU
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
st SE. corner Seventh - and Mission au. J.
NOON AN. . - 1 • ..
<-*. KRASKY, Jj'URNITUKiS AND BKIV
. ding; new folding-beds. $9 and up: step-lad-
oers, 'JOe per step; furniture exchged. 773Mlsaiou.
•100 CARPt'IS; CHAMBER SETS, #14;
rt\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, «20: foldlng-bedi
$10; bed- ounges. %1. T. D. MCCARTHY IJ2 4'.h.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW «73
" Hedlounses trimmed with plush $5 5J
Brussels Carpet, laid... 45c up
English Linoleum, 1aid...... 40cup
Window shades In 5 colors . . 250 up
BHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market su, Opposite
«-rant avenue: no branch stores.
CAKPET CLEANING. ~~~
PAUPETS CLKANeF,"3c~a"y ATRDrLAirT^tt
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
A\ HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor worn send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. 50.4&
KLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate uve.: telephone east 126.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 23 and 27 Bth.
RKAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-"
Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Gravt.
CUTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RKNOV
V ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
/^REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE
\J Ing works; latest improved machinery 3c vanl
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; pho n^j eS s°e -?sl
pAKPKJS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO 23 Tenth- teL
South 36. P. MACKINTOSH & Cl). fuccessorT"
J *T. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RS.V-
** . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; ml. south 2-J*
ATTORN EYS-AT-L AW. ~
A DVICE FREE^DIVoI«JETXws~rTPEcT
in^- «n^. : Pny»'«: no charge unless successful: »U
tended to 5 I , <U . I JJ s ' ll col| ectionv wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. 1,. w. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
M :J; NOLEN. ' ATTORN AT-L A ." 719
■MX. Market su; aqvice free. ■ . 
m J MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
-«■ . law, advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14. 15.
W W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A l-LAW, 420
*» • California; st., rooms 14 and 15; ndviw ireSiHOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 7 BOOHS; MODERN [MPROVB-
menta. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Garfield square. :
I)ARE CHANCE — MODERN HOUSE OF 7 |
It rooms and bnth: newly painted and papered: '
♦■verythlnr first-class: fine location; 1909 Kddv, i
near Devisadero; rent $30. Apply p. C. MOLLOY,
138 Montgomery st.
Ql /• HOUSE 5 SUNNY ROOMS AND
X \J . path. 624 Locust aye.. off Lacuna st.
CONYE NIKNT HOUSE 6 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
\J St., off Howard, near Seventh. -••*■>
OOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE »H. PINE AND
Scott, f£S; 9 room house, iti Frankliu, near
Market, S3B: reduced $12 each.
St *-t ( ) HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
<TpOV/. 1723 Clavst.. near Van Ness aye.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM- |
M»»N|) 10 Montgomery si. 1
yUKXISHKO HOUSES.
IN BELMONT; 3 MINUTES FROM STATION-
eIc-gant furnished residence of 14 rooms; bath ;
an<f all conveniences: stable, coach-house, etc.;,
responsible party more of a consideration than the ;
rent. For particulars, etc apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & en., 14 Montgomery stT
9~0 PARLOR. BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
•- — ''• sewiiiK-rooni. bath, kitchen: all neces-
•■ -irii'S. 1917 G-»ary st
COTTAGES TO LET.
<J?7 A COTTAGE OP sIbOOMS; QOOlToB-
«IP I .O\J. der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant st., near Eighth, or room 78, 628 Mont-
gomery.
719 NINETEENTH, NEAR CHURCH-COT-
X — tagu, 5 rooms »nd bath; stable.
UNNV COITAGES: 4 ANDSItOOMB: BATH;
1 Urge basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and lfitb.
rVKMSiIKI) FLATS.
COMPLETELY FIKNISHKH: s^ roomT-
\J bath: sun on three side*: marine view; piano
and machine, if desired : 535. 2705 Laguna St.
UNNY HANDSOMELY FITRNISHEDFLOO '«
kJ of 4 rooms, bath, etc; suitable for family or
physician; reasonable. 913 l'olk, near Geary.
"I =99 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT ;
X — ■— nicely furnlnlii'd for housekeeping: g'2s.
FLATS TO LET.
CM 9 LOWF:it4 BOOMa; CONSERVATORY
0 '■ — • and bath; ■*■». 4 rooms. 142 Colliugwood.
(ft 1(k UPPER FLAT 0 ROOMS) BATA.
V l '■ • lt>2-'' 1 --.- Pine st.. above Van Nes? aye.
sj 1 " l ■■'■'• ' • " ; ! AYE., OFF VAN N KSS, NEAR
«J5-Lt). McAllister; flat 6 rooms and bath.
1 9fiQ GOUGH— ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
l_l/O room-, and bath.
♦_>97 CLEMENTINA— 4 KOUMs: *14: oUOD
«^— I order.
7?0 l -3 Harrison— s rooms and bath: 520; good
orner.
355 Fourth— Upper flat: 6 rooms and bath; 18;
good order.
mo LET-LOVELY FKENCH FLAT 6 ROOMS:
X a beautiful view. 12 Pleasant St., 0.7 Tavlor.
S* UNNY UPPER FLAT: 6, ROOMS AND
bath; latest Improvements; larg< basement. j
6 Adair, off Howard, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
ri|O THREE LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 i
0 J-*J, Thirteenth St., above Valencia.
IpLAT— 3 LARGE BO MB, YARD AND BAbK-
menu 1.3 Sun Jose aye., near 23d: $11.
(>-\ •> LINDEN AYE.— FLAT OK 5 ROOMS:
Olu modern Improvements; cheap rent.
~Ct 1 9 KAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3 ROOMS.
«5 1-. 28 Ri:ch sj., near Folsom and Third.
1 TPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT $15.
U 4:^6V2 Clementina St.. near Sixth.
cj 1 TUctK— FLAT 4 BOOMS; RENT REA-
«J"I 1 sonable.
"qi •) CONVENIENT 5-KOOM FLAT: SUN- |
O-l-O. ny. Cor. Nineteenth and Harilord sts., j
near (.astro. j
VICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS: BATH: 530. I
-^> Third si. near garrison; key at 4171/51 Third.
1 007 STEIN NEAR (-UTTER- LOW
J-OU I flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
ROOM PLAT; JEVERY CONVENIENCE.
282 Natoma St., nr. Fourth.
17" LAT, 6 ROOMS. $14: ALSO SL'NNY COT-
. tage, 4 rooms, 311. 020 second st.
LOWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
J side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rtncold
et.. bet. F;:j;litii and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79f*l MCALLISTER - FLAT: S ROOMS;
• £.\Ji modern improvements: rent reduced.
"\V ANTED — GOOD 1 ! A NTS FOR NEW
'» flats: special terms: $10 up. SPECK _ CO.,
608 Market St.
"W r E RENT MANY FLAT* BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM- !
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE- j
-J low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
pHFAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE !
. \J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the j
United .'States or Canada one year for $ 1 50, post-
ace free. -  -
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Brannan Street.
000 BRANNAN— ONE floor-. 3 unfur
*jO\J pished sunny rooms honsekeepa; usa bath.
Bush Street.
1 41 Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE; PLEASANT
1110 house: private family; reasonable: refncn.
California street.
_ 9^ol CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
• —OO L nished rooms, bath; housekeeping; cheap.
Eddy Street.
1 90- EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUsE
JL_U keeping rooms: also sunny rooms.
017 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED front
Ox I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Ellis Street.
CQO ELLIS-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
«JO_. rooms, with bath.
/»QQ ELLIS, CORNER OF LARKIN— SUNNY
VJOO furnished front room; light housekeeping.
i in tx Street.
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN;
<50. running water; no children: private family.
814 Fifth st. ■
A 9QI FIFTH — FRONT ROOM: KITCHEN
rx^O2 furnished complete for housekeeping.
1 oimmi Street.
QOr FOLSOM-2 NICE SUNNY HOUSE-
-000 keeping rooms: bath; separate yard ; $3.|
1 O_Q A FOLSOM— SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
X\J^O nished for housekeeping: $10 and 811.
Fourth Street.
99K FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, SUIT-
_— O able for light housework; also single.
Grave Street.
IPlir; GROVE, NEAR LYON-3 SUNNY CON-
-Ulw ceding rooms: gas, bath; $8. ■
—ayes Street.
141 Ql HAVES— TWO ROOMS: USE OF
X*tXO% kitchen; hot and cold water; single
room, $5.
Hermann Street.
9C HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
±-O rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
COX HOWARD— ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
iJ._«J plet« for housekeeping. .
70_ HOWARD, COR. THIRD-FTJRNISUED
I U~t rooms, en suite or single; also housekeep-
ing, cheap.
Q9OI HOWARD, NR. FIFTH-LARGE UN-
«- / --««-'2 furnished alcove room; bay window;
grate; large closet; running water; only »8: no
children.
1 OftQ HOWARD-PLEASANT FURNISHED
-lUUU housekeeping room i.
Kearny Street.
900 KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
-»» gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Larkin Street.
Q()J LARKIN - LARGE. SUNNY NICELY
OUT, furnished front room; light housekepg; f9.
Leavenwortti street.
r.] F.l LEAVE.VWORTH — 2 COMPLETELY
tJIO2 furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren; 1 to 4 p. M.
Mission street.
Q-XO MISSION — 2 FRONT ROOMS FUR-
>J OO nished for housekeeping; sun all day; prl.
vate; cheap. i ;:
1 (19 1 mission— BAY-WINDOW,
ix'__ room; light housekeeping; no children;
other rooms. <f
1()^K MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE
X\JUU and others; cheapest rooms in the city.
Mos* street.
1 q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
X*J 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
90 NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT HOUBE-
—\J keeping; single; suites; s:ove; ?as;«loup.
1 9('l NINTH-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
J^Ua ln « ana single rooms: »4, $8; children
boarded.
Niiitiin.i Street.
7_l NATOMA. COR. NINTH— SUN NY
i~tl front furnished rooms lor light housekeep-
ing; also single.
Oak Street.
Q>r SUNNY ROOMS FOR RESPECTABLE
•]?♦-'• work women; private; day home for
children. 48 Oak sU
Octavia Street.
"I IAD OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY:. SUNNY
X.IXJO l urnlBhe- bay-wiudow room with kttcUen.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS - Continued.
O'l' arrrll Street.
JOE O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
'i^dO rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
Q')O O'FABBSLL— ROOM, KITCHKN
'J—'O and yard: gas, bath, etc.; lor housekeeping.
rage Street.
lOini PAGE-3 UNFTJRXISHED HOUSE-
JL V/ 2 keeping rooms, with bath: »7.
Pearl Street.
0 PEARL. COR. MARKET.-OPP. OCTAVtA—
0 2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished for
housekeeping: water and sink. _____
Pine Street.
991 _. PINE — 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
— — I. 1 ! rooms; housekeeping: range and bath:
rent low. .<■-••
I'olk Street.
QIQPOIiK- ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'NO Kunny parlor bay-wlmlow alcove, with
kitchen for housekeeping complete; new carpets
and furniture: gas stove; bath: also tinted single.
Second Street.
m second-large, newly papered
lit) housekeeping room, furnished or unfur-
nished.
Seventh street.
1 A tVeEVRNTH-SUNNY FRONT SUITES:
1 jL— also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Seventeenth Street.
QQ7 I SEVENTEENTH, NEAR NOB- 4 FUR-
OO IX nislied rooms for housekeeping; bath;
large basement: rent reasonable.
.-ixth Street.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN" THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
10l ~ SIX; H- ( ' 1 1 1 A PEST IN Tli f. CITY;
.1-1.1 cozy housekgeplag and other rooms.
-tevemon (street.
ntrtrr STEVENSON— S.M a I.L NICE SUNNY
0— I room; elderly lady preferred ; cheap.
Stockton Street.
7-11 STOCKTON-NICE FURNISHED
1 1 1 rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month.
1 TA'J STOCKTON— 2 FUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
-1 I Uu ulshed complete for hkpg.; cheap rant.
Taylor Street.
-1 fkQ TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
IUD and kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
Third S: reel.
"I iQTEI I> — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
14:0 rooms, complete: llrst floor: bath; gas.
Q_M THIRD- 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOt keeping rooms, water Included, $6 and 7.
X 1 (I THIRD. CORNER OF SOUTH PARK—
Jit' Sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Turk Street.
I Qf\ TURK— 3 ROOMS AND BATH; FUR-
-1 '—y' nishi.'d for housekeeping.
r A X TURK— 3 NICELY Vuk nished rooms)
O~k<J housekeeping or without.
an •Ne«« Avi'iiiin.
99A VAN NKSS AVF..-NEWLY FUR-
O«— " nished housekeeping rooms; corner house.
T~_7j|Zrv a"n~N K3S —|S LEG aNTL V furn-
; X^lUUished parlor floor with kltchen;nse piano.
"Washington Street.
"A 9 "WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\J— ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
Webster Street.
3 SUNNY ROOMS, COMPLETELY FURNISH-
O ed for housekeeping; terms reasonable. Call
between 9 and *2 at 1912 Wehßter a ■
KOOMS TO LET.
Bryant Street.
(\OQ BRYANT— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
\f£.U in private family; no other roomers.
Clara Street.
AD t^fl FLAT OF 3~ ROOMS; KEY AT
OO. dU. -is 1.0 Clara st.
1-tlUv Street.
lIQEDfiY- SUNNY CENTRALLY LO-
-1 J O cated rooms; $5 up; 3 for housekeeping,
oheap.
OA 7 EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS, BATH;
OV I low rent; private family.
-1 (\ EDDY — NEAT SINGLK ROOM, S5;
L'J large sunny parlor; reasonable.
- t-.:li Street.
I QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2S BTH
{ 0 su. near Market; lurnishad and unfurnished.
. > _111 m street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
X HART, mr.nazer— quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
Fell Street.
O"l Aa FELL ST.— QUIET ROOM FOR QUIET
• ) I\J gentleman in quiet house; breakfast if de-
sired.
1 olsom Street.
Q A MONTH: SINgIe SUNNY FURNISHED
O*i front room. 735 Folsom St.
(IOS FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VOO room, newly furnished: bath; $7.
OOOQ FOLSOM, NR. TWENTIETH— SUNNY
_•_> — 1> front room; large and small bay-windows;
reasonable: private family: references.
l«tary street.
791 GEARY— LARGE, rfANDSOMELY FOR-
— 1 nished alcove room: suitable for gentleman.
QOP. GEARY— ELEGANTLY NEWLY FUR-
-o^.o nished parlors; also single rooms; desirable
location.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, tiiugle rooms, 10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE A V E. —SUNNY DOUBLE
±-XO front room; al&o Dice single.
Grant Avenue.
1 01 1 GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS;
X\J X 2 day. week or month; transient.
Hayes street.
m HAVES— MCE SUNNY ROOMS,
tiicluuiug kitchen: very reasonable.
Iferinaim Street.
9FT. HERMANN ST.. NEAR VALENCIA— I
*-O or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; pas and bath.
11. A.i .i Street.
"I ] 9£ A HOWARD- ELEGANTLY FUR-
X- -- — ni-ilita room In American family; closet;
bath: suitable for 1 person: $6 per month; none
but quiet, hober neople need apply.
•Jessie Street.
4 Q~ JESSIE, NEAR MINT— PRIVATE FAM-
-O<-> ily; 2 sunny single rooms; $5 and $6.
..oiks street.
m JONES- ."CICELY FURNTSHED LARGE
I sunny room; private: $11.
907 -<»NES -THt VAN WINKLE: NEW
--v/ I management: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: »1O to sun.
KOR JONEB. NEAR GEARY— NICELY FUR*
\JW nlahed large sunny front room: reasonable.
.-tarnv Streo..
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KE ARN Y-PLK AS-
XL ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: lirat cUu
it very respect : terms reasonable. .. ■
Lewi* Street.
"1 Ol LEWIS, OFF POST— NICELY FURNISH-
.O2 cd suite for 1 or 2 young ladles; rent for 2
7: home comforts.
Market Street.
\-OBEMITR HOUSE. 1045 MARKET -PER
X night. 35c to $1 ; week, »1 50 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
m MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
sunny rooms; opp. City Hall: cheap.
tun. 1 -1 reel.
f'C'J MINNA, cor. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\J\J I niched bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
>i..-M>«n M reel.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 00 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
yater: itic.e or en suite: 25c tosl 50 a day.
MISSION— NICELY rV BN ISHED SUN-
--O ny rooms, wi;h or without board.
UHOPE liOl'KK, llbt* MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Oak Street.
1J OAK-DOUBLE ROOM, SUITABLE FOR
Xj- 2 persona. . .
:; ; . O'Farrell Street.
$•9:-: ROOM FOR *15, FIRST FLOOR. ELE-
tjp_cl vator, gas and electric light, «lo reduction,
by inquiring at room 2, same floor, 20 O'Farrell st.
"FA RRELL, BET. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
Newly furnished front and bark pnrlors with
or without boar.; new flat; references. Address O.
F., box 18. Cail. .
i owe II street.
99' POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGEBUN-
_ — »> ny, single, front furnished room*. .
LIU'A FOWELL-RIGHT IN 'l OWN; LARGE
DUU front room; suitable for 2 men.
I'olk Street.
-1 1 ijQ POLK (ST. HELENS BUILDING)—
■ X xOO Bunny nay-window room.
I'ost Htreet.
OQ post -nice sunny furnished
O\JO rooms; rent by week 9- upward.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MjYY 14, 1896.
; ' BOOItS TO LET-Continued.
Seventh Street. "
1 O(\ SEVENTH-NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
X*J\J gie rooms: f.S and 84 month.
Stevenson Street.
49X STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH-4 ELEGANT
T_o lurge rooms: yard; basement: first floor.
- Stockton street.
417 STOCKTON- 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-XI keeping 100ms. yi 2; singio mi., $5: sunny.
1 31 A STOCKTON-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
X*JX *ingle; ensuUe: also doctor's otlioe; cheap.
suiter Mreet.
r \ofi GUTTER — SUNNY FRONT SUITE*
O\J\J other rionw, furnished or unfurnished.
roT^" SUTT-R— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I_u private; gentlemen only: reference if re-
quired.
1 1 I O SITTER -LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
X l-L(Ji gentlemen preferred.
Taylor Street.
I AQTAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
vU ny front room; rent cheap.
IJQTA Y LOR— N EWLY FURNISHED SUN-
XIU ny front rooms, wltri hot water; bath.
Tenth Street.
11l TENTH. NEAR MARKET - LARGE
J. XX gunny front rooms: housekeeping or hoard.
>y^ ■ Turk street.
II r* TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE-
X L\J newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
"I OO TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
I-' room; flrst floor.
Van 3*.es» Avouiie.
~(\ I VAN NESS-FRONT HALL ROOM ; GAS;
* •' I bath: i»ti: nowlgn.
lIOAIIDING AND ROOMS.
1 tV)Q^KB«TKiU- VKrVVatiHHXD sin-
X \ 'C. l ny alcove room; fnrnished single roam;
good board: private: German family; references.
Vfi \a.\ FURNISHED ~ ROOMS: UNSUR-
i-^ passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2. $•_' 50, *:< per week and ( >: $8 to
»30 mo. Hackmeiers Hotel. GEO.GRUENIQ, Pr.
BEMT~fXijLK BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeivr's HoteL
HA*. KM ! : I F. Its HOTEL. I*2S-1*29 EDDY ST.:
new management : GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
GENTLEMEN DEmRiNO HOME COMFORTS
with fine beard call at 924 Geary st.
SUNNY FRONT PARLOR FOR 2. WITH
board. $45; sunny back parlor, with board,
$40. 016 Taylor st. *_
] ARGE SUN NY NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
XJ in Western Addition; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen or man and wife;- board optional; terms
reasonable: private family. Address Bush Street,
box 66. Call Otlicp.
Q«VR TWENTIETH ST.. BKT. VALENCIA
tJU-O and Guerrero— Nice alcove room with
board In private family; home comforts; price
reasonable. •' ■ «• v'-'-T---;
A f\A LOTT. 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER— SUN^
X\t a ny rooms with board: private family.
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 i.lsll -A FAMILY
hotel: reftreucA glveu unj required; all mod-
t-i'i ronvenleric>'«i.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
\l" (DOW WANTS CBILDBEN TO BOABD;
'» lurnished room for parent, 1016 Jackson,
near Ma ton.
1 ADY WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A CHILD TO
XJ board. 14 Oak st.
] ADY WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
XJ kindest care given. 3*22 Seventh st. •- . :
(»9 1 PI - INFANT OR CHILDREN to
\J*m 1 board; best of cere; refined home.
STORES TO LET.
CTO&E AND THBEB BOOMS. SUITABLE
0 for French bakery: rent 515. 326 Ninth st.
"FINE STORE: 9 BOO 8; B FITTKD : RENT
J ruiu •<'•!. KIG SHcranii'iuo. near Montcom'-ry.
omen to LET.
dj <A(i CALiTOBNiAV mr near keXrny^-
O'i"'- very large, light room, suitable for any
ii -tit jnanuiacturing. A3HTON _ GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
V'OR RENT— IN MAYFIKLD. SANTA CLARA
X County, Cal., a brick store 30x60, including
counters and shelving. Inquire C. DUCKER,
May field.
AND~3~ROOM S~R NT CHEAP. 32 8
0 Seventh si.
CIO D MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
UOO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
( tALIfOB W I A SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
VV OfliPes $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
Q PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
kJ Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: elect ric-llght;
heating and Janitor service free. Apply at buiidiu,'
or G. 11. I MHSK.N — CO.. 14 Montgomery Mi
STABLES TO LET. % .
tSeaUTIFUL LARGE STABLE? 2414CAL1-
X) fornla si. : rent cheap. Apply room 26. Cnroni*
cle building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
(£» I fin BtARBHALL OPBIUHT: SHERWOOD
tg IUU. upright, slso. BBUENX*a, 228 Post.
QI9- FINE WIIEELOTIC UPRIGHT.
•Tl--J. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next Hi-
bernia Bank.
OPI.KNDII) UPRIGHT PIANO; MUST BE
O soid. Storage-house. 211 Larkln st. •
1' ! N I UPRIGHT PIANO IN GOOD ORDER;
X a rere bargain. 115 Seventh st,
Cj <■)( ifl NEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
tp+'W. *5 Installments. 221 Leaven worth St.
MAGNIFICENT STECK PIANO; GRAND
i'A tone; private party; obliged tosacriHce. Room
21, Flood building.
ARE OPPORTUNITY— UPRIGHT GRAND
Hardman; like new; wonderful tone; elegant
case: perfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for Immediate sale. Room 10,
Flood building.
dj»X MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— A LARGE
<DO size, new fine-tune upright: price $175. 418
Kills St., room 22.
SOIIMER. STECK, STeln WAY. BTATHAM
O second-hand upright scbean. 106 McAllister.
AN UAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
-f V pianos and muslcnl good ; everything sold
cheap this month. MAU VAIS'. 769 Market st.
HERMAN. CLAY & CO,, STEINWAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Bolter.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', HUSH
& Gens' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ Co.. 524 Post st.
A SHAW. BTEINWAT, $215- SQUARE,
825*. rented 82 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
Q*'J*; piano; GOOD CONDITION. schmTtzT
iSOO. 16 McAllister St.. n«xt HlbernU Bunk.
LL YOU WANT Is VALUE FOR YOUR
money : Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp *«; the five-
bar autoharp «4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the crize-winner cnUar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, 847 '.()■
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, t»2« Marie, st., Spreck-
el's building.
RRIVKD-LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos; prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
CONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW-
' great sacrifice. Th«» .i*. W. bl _NC_U CO_ :
PANY. 33« Post st-
C WICKERING, KNABK, STECK. VOBE. HTER-
I ling pianos: see our new piano lor 87: pianos
Tor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <t SON, IB arreli.
BYRON MA UZY, 308 POST BT.-HOHMKR,
Newby Evans, Briggs nod other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD&NBW
.^ H. '-M 1.1.F:i:. maker, r-'mir'-r. 2 Lv.liam place .
————————— __
EDUCATIONAL.
B^^6^K?N7r,'\VßTrNl?, A R MTCr(HtAM~It
day it nUht;noclasses:Ssmontli. 84 5 Mission
Its] MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614
i'l Sutter: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakesperean
classes: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 P. m.; SI per month.
OOKKEEPING BYTARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching: 1/3 time: and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Matket.
BOOKKEEPING-SCHOOL- FE N MAN SHII p
arithmetic, taught In 6 weeks. 6 Stockton. rn;. 2'
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, -VOlCK-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:3 Q.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
\J lessons: f 3 mo. MA WESTHaUS. 39 Fifth.
PANISU, FRENCH ACADEMY. TAStTITaN
_ and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; *f3 m. Mazebld.,r.a7.
oPaNIsH.FP.ENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE
O_elsterscbaft Scliool Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
"t'OICE-UUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V Ing. LEO COOPER. 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR U. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YRES'. THE LEADINO SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship #50; low rates per week and month. '
pKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OK ACTING—
x> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7ih and Mkt,
CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL. MINING. AIK-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay: estab. 64. VAN DER AILLKN, 723 Mlct-
HF.ALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. *24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
ianguageH rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHT!»CHOOL:tIEALDVi IJUS. r.jLLti.K-il
-' Post:<-omm»rcial. shorthand. English: low ra •<
IULIN. .MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; KKA-
. soaable. PKOF. h;anci>j. 1016 „ Valencia.
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
A UCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE.
12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT THE SALESROOM OF
O'FARRELL <& CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., LICK HOUSE BLOCK,
THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1898
CHOICE INSIDE CORNER. "
Sold to close out undivided interests of absentees.
LARKIN ST., SW. cor. of Sacramento; lot
«7:8Vs*100 feet: Improvements nominal: should
be Improved with Hue flats, which would always
be occupied and yield a larae Income; both streets
aceppted by the city; cab e-cars unss the property:
California and Hyde st. cables 1 block distant;
note the size— 67:t?Mt*H}° feet : terms $5000 cash
balance iv 2, 4 or 6 years: Interest 6 per cent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Sold on account of owner's departure from the city.
"WEBSTER ST., B. side, 137:6 feet X. of Broad-
way: 2SIU Webster nearly new residence of 8
rooms and bath: line marine view; Paclllc aye.
cable and Fi!hnore-st. electric earn 1 block away;
house newly renovated and In superior condition*
brick fouudutlon: surroundings the best in the
city ; lot '24x137:6;. terras at sale.
DEVISADERO-Sf. building LOT.
DEVISADERO ST., E. side, b'2:*J- ton south of
Waller: choice neighborhood; a short walk from
Haiglu-st. ciii-: magnlticent view; street paved
with bituminous rock and accepted by the city;
sewered mid c-.irbed: slr.e 25x11(5:3. Terms— Cash
We can negotiate a loan if desired.
ELEGANT AND SUNNY BUILDING LOT IN
THE MISSION WARM BELT.
■ RITOTWKI.L ST.. W. side, 110 N. of ?3;1; ele-
gant and sunny building lot: surrounded In- fine
homes: Street paved and accepted by the ci y. ca-
ble and electric cars a short wnlk: half blocu from
the Folsom-s'.. boulevard; stone sidewalk: size
25x122:6: terms, cash; loan can be negotiated.
VALENCIA'S''!*. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Sold to close out undivided interests.
VALENCIA HI"., W. side, 82 S. of 16th; 510
and 512 Valencia St.: store and 4 rooms below and
fine flat of 9 rooms nnd bath above; rents $."><)•
street paved and accepted by the city; in the best
businei* block on Valencia St.: lot 30x8«J: terms,
cash; we can negotiate a loan if desired.
ASHBURY STREET RESIDENCE.
1 ASIIBURY STREET, W. side, 100 feet south
of Oak. No. 409, 2-story, 8-room. bnth. basement
and attic. Built uv owner by days' work lor his
home: only a few steps from Golden Gate Park:
street graded, sewered and macadamized; lot
25x106:3; terms cash. We can negotiate a loan.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
TETIAMA STREET, N. side, 100 feet west-
erly from Fourth, No. 310 Tehaniastreeet. Three
story house of 11 rooms and both; rent 935 per
mouth: street paved aud acceded by the city;
only short walk from Market street; stone side-
walk; brick foundation; lot 25x75: terms at sale;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
MISSION FLATS.
TWENTY-THIRD ST., N. side, 40:6 E. of San-
chez: Nos. .TSBtj and 398S Twenty-third st. ; 2 new
flats of 5 and 5 rooms and bath; 'just completed;
one block from 1 wenty-fourth-st. branch of : Nils-'
sion-st. electric road; rents $47 50; lot '_'s.\9'J;
terms; $2000 mortgage can remain.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— LARGE MISSION
BUSINESS CORNER.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST., SE. corner of Bryant
aye.— Fine business corner: 2 stores and 2 dwell-
ings 01 7 rooms and bath each on 24th St.; one 2-
st ry house of 7 rooms and bath, and *2 . ottage^ of
4 rooms each un Bryant aye.; rented low for
03 per month; 24th st. paved and accepted by
city; lot 100 on *4th st. by 130 on Bryant aye.;
erms cash; subject to confirmation 01 the Superior
Court. |
SOLD FOR ailskstek- RESIDENCE NEAR
17111 AND MARKET sts.
EIGHTEENTH ST., S. side, 150 Eof Canro*
927 18lh st.: 2-story house, 8 rooms an I bath, In
good condition: street accepted; only a few steps
from Cas.ro-st. cable and Market and 17 in st*.:
lSth-st. electric-cars pass the property] only 15
minutes from downtown: stone sidewalk; brick
foundation: lot 915x89:8; terms— *ICOO, mortgage
in German bank. Interest 7 per cent.
CHOICE MISSION BUILDING LOT.
ELIZABETH ST., N. tide, 175 feet W. of Doug- |
lass; lev- bulldi lot: half a block from 24th-sr. |
branch of Mis«!on-st. electric-cars • street graded'
sewered aud macadamized ; lot '25x114; terms at
sale. ■••„*■■
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
N ATOM A ST., E. tide, 105 feet N. of 16th. Nos.
1335 and i:i3."»i .:• Natoma st.: -2 flats of 4 rooms
each; ren s $'22: street graded, sewered and mac-
adanalsad; lot 25x75; terms.
For turther particulars apply to
O'FARRELL— I'd . Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
"\ I CA f f: b BROTHERS. ~~
i'l REAL ESTATE BROKERS
- AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
IUH MONTGOMERY ST.
VI 1 OOn STEUART ST., NR. MISSION;
t^iX i .\f\J\J. a desirable piece of business prop-
erty, renting for $780 a year; t .13 part of town is
growing in favor as au Investment: brick Improve-
ments. "
.^BOOO ; or ' SAsT - WKAB 4TH: 41:2x09:
""". bnlldhii! of llats'in tpood condition-
renting for ?bO-l perceat-a month. conaluon *
$7000 ii:h -v Ma ST - XKAR 6 th = 3
V JWMF. flats: ,| cU foundnsion; reuis 8744
per annum; a good Investment.
ST) 000 £° l i XT ! I -* T * CORNER: LOT
♦ ■ .?.-;,«• 8 0*8":-"3d buildings, renting
for if J . 00 per annum : a good business property.
<R9fi 000 r IRS T-ST. CORNER: 175 FEET
tQ -•».<""'. front: 9 flats, renting for 12852 a
year: offer wanted; easy payment can oe arranged.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
ftl 750 COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS IN fast
«iP l lUU, Berkeley: near station: south front-
asre; street graded, sewered and macadamized-
(lower garden; terms easy. '
$100— Lot 40x120; $10 down: $7 50 monthly
$175— Lot 25x135; $5 down; $3 monthly
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
i'" r '-'• ItLOCK > ft . GARDKN
CvWll. Homestead Union; K. side Ocean House
road, near 25th Kt.; S. 98:10, E. 142 to Hlch st
N. 90, W. 101. CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 t alhor-
niast.
QW. COR. FOLSOM AND 21 ST STS.; 95x90
Oft.; will subdivide: cheap for cash- also s\v
20th and '1 rcat »v. ; 25x110 it. Ing. 1206 Market!
JDdT SUBDIVIDED. ~ " ■
A NE\V BLOCK FRONTING
. - ON GOLDEN GATE PARK
The beautiful block bounded by H and I sts '
Ninth and Tenth ayes.. has just "been placed in
our hands for sale at prices which Insure a rapid
sale. v
$750 TO $1100.
$50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
Thl» block has Just been graded and every lot Is
on the grade. Eldewalks pround the entire block
Water and gas pipes laid. This property has a
splendid future, and the prices we have made
make the lots a splendid Investment. Go out to-
day and see them, becurp your choice at one,.
Mark well what we say. "The lots are groat bar-
gains and art- bound to sell rapidly."
BALDWIN -HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
BUILDING ~ ~
LOIS—
$350 TO $400.
*5 CASH.
»5 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK
DONE.
All ready for building purposes. Streets an»
all graded, sewered and macadamized, and
water pipes laid. Many of the lots reaulre no
grading. If you are looking for a building
lot, see those we are offering in the (astro
■ • street Addition. Take the Guerrero Street
Electric Road (Mission or Valencia transfer
at Fourteenth st.) and ride toCbeneryand
astro sts., and see the agent in our branch
ofilce there.
f BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
I 10 Montgomery st. -■
|... » a illisi FOR A BARGAIN*
#250 each: fine building lots; 26x114 each:
finely situated; only 3 blocks from Cnstro-st. cable
cars; $5 down and 95 a month.
You can't, afford to Invest in outside districts !
when inside lots can be bought at such low figures.
JACOB lIKY.MAX,
5 Crocker hnlldlng. Post and Market sts.
.TIE RMS DOWN: ' "
1 BALANCE $30 PER MONTH.
INCLUDING INTEREST.
$2750— Modern residence known as 1217 Noe
St., he:. 25th and 26ih; contains every modern im-
provement; 1 block from > astro-st. cable and I*/.
blocks from 21th- st. ekcirio road. TOBIN & Me-
N I I.' Y. 6.50 Market st. • ■
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET '•
RATES.
, BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
. - CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY.
OFFICE, MILLS BUILDING,
L, R. ELLERT, Vice- President.
<2?Q'>^ cost*soo: 38x137: W. side madi-
»j>O_- »7. son St., 40 feet s. Silverave., lot 4, block
69. Sliver Heights. CHAS. C. FISHER, 607 Cali-
fornia St. ;. . , -
T?ORSALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
F lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. ' On Waller st., near Stanyan
baif block from Golden Gate Park.
AT A SACRIFICE-MODERN RESIDENCE
and 36-foot lot, cost $14,500; small cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devlsadero. *
EXCHANGE— 75x100; ELEGANT 9 - ROOM
J house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable: splendid view. value $6000; mort-
gage $2000. RHADBURNE, owner. Hoffman
aye. and 2. uh St., san Francisco.
SCUTUM ' NKAT _- X) }"« A . OE AND LfV?! 6
*tPOO\J. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye.. UsU crescent si. aud East aye.. Holly Park !
I'racf,. . * I
:
MTY KEAL ESTATE.
SOL GKTZ _ BRO., ~~
REAL-ESTATE OWNERSi
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
• HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
\ T KW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
•-1' for ' homes or Investments' at great bargains.
Come nnd see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. .
C«7£L TO 9200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
0 Ie) boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ „ BRO.
'fi'-mfl *4tlO^ $450, - $500 TO $1100 —
O'J*'V/« Choicest lots in Richmond: near Sutro
electric-car lino and near new concert grounds,
Aillllated Colleges; 011 the south of park; rwadv to
build on; terms to suit puichasers. SOL UKTZ „
BRO.
COnn TO $'250-BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
O-LU^-' Mlss;on-st. and electric-car lines: only
tlOdo-A-n, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
ODERN '2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, bast-incut and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cu:ibu«.-s built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
I'OK SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM UOUSK,
r i-ist complete., cup. Pnrk: modern. 1917 Oak.
country keal estate.
],-' IB* BALE OK RENT— well equipped
1 farm of 960 acres, situated about 35 miles
southeast of Fresno, together with stock thereon,
consisting of 200 head of hogs, 12 he d of «or«
horses and harness and about 20 head of cattle, 1
header, '2 wagons, p ows harrows and cultivator,
hay derrick anil derrick fork, a well furnished
blacksmith's shop, an orchard of about 7 acres,
consisting of full bearing orange tries, peaches,
figs and apricots that bear, very early; guaranteed
iree from frost: plenty of water to irrigate orchard
with. There Is a woo.l crop on the place this year;
good 2-story house of 8 rooms and spring water
piped to house and stable: about MOO acres "an be
plowed; the rest consists of stock range with
plenty.of o»kand sveamore timber on it: the whole
place is well fenced, the grain field being fenced
"pig proof." Taking altogether, this is a line
place and is well worth the attention of any on«
looking for a good home. The owner being a non-
resident Is desirous to sell on that account. For
particulars, price, etc., address P. O. box 742, Sau
Jose. :-•■.-■
TViOR EXCHANGE-240 ACRES OF CHOICE
X land, uulncumbered, adjoining the celebrated
Hearst orchard In Palermo, for clear income city
property. Address RANCH, box 93, Call.
\\T ANTE D— l6o ACRKS PRO VKItX.ME.VT
» » land. Address J. N., oox 8, Call oillce.
A GREAT BARGAIN— IOO ACRKs. CORN A D
fruit land; Umber and a never-falling stream:
40 mlies out: only $H per acre, cash. Address
RANCH, box 9a, Call ollice.
G*Qfw7n A HOME RANCH *2y 2 miles
«I?Ov/Uv/. from Santa Rosa; 56 acres, including
6-room cottage, hard finish, and furniture: Sari;
and farm implements, windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc. : Intending purchasers
only will please apply to MR. C BTAHL, grocer,
cor. Fourth and Wilson sts., Santa Rosa, Who will
furnish free transportation to the ranch. Further
information may be obtained at 2914 California
St., San Francisco, between 6 and 8 p. M.
"I A ACRES FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE NEAR
X\J *an Leandro eleitric road: city or Oakland
Improved property, business or residence and part
cash; all In fruit; nic« 2-story house with substan-
tial outbuilding. s:ab;c, barns, chicken-houses,
etc: half cash: value $18,000. B. FASSLEB,
San ! • -an :i ■■!.
I^LEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
X'j r.nd ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
Insured for $5000: property of 11. 11. DAVI&.
CUaRLks 906 Market st.
"I (!f\ ACKKS CLOSE TO LIVKRMOI LE; $50
XUV per ncre * C " box «9. this olUce -
FOR SALE— COZY HOM X ; 5 ROOMS; 4 LOTS
(half acre): tine place for poultry or Bowers;
$1800; half cash. W. LAMBERT, Millbrae, San
Mateo County.
BA RISAIN FOR 1 WEEK— OP THE
best bO acre vineyard in santa Clara Valley;
near Los Gatos. Addres< V., box 5. Call "llice.
CIOXTBA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cat.
MAPIN COUNTY- 8000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation: $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
Cj OAN AC P. i: : 320 ACRES, HOtJ S E,
<DU fences, iertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fail; good for s;<k-,:, main,
fruit, poultry, etc; terms easy; no snow; no
Chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate ageut, Cot-
ton wood, Shasta County, Cat
KNDFOUOUK LIST of ORCHARD Ho >i.-.S
lor sale. WOOSTKR „ WJI ITTON. San .j<m-.
lIIILK HOMES CI.OSK TO TOWN: TiT
J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and I*2 ucra
pieces on 8 and 10 yean' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small hous?. etc. D. H. TWLNO, soi.oui^
Civ, l.'.imir.' ::.' Mark**; st.. S. F.
I'KOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
CKMKN f, O» INCBKTE OB PLA&TERING
work In exchange lor good building lot. Ad-
dress C. C. box 93, Call.
Oft HOUSES-. -LOTS, FROM SI2SO TOflO
ranches, all sizes, from tIOO to ,'ti(Jnu
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. $1001) to B.UOO
100 business places, all Kinds, from T »0 to. 4,0')0
25 lodgliig-htnixes and hotels, from %JLQO to 3.000
4 flats, lot 60x114 6,000
1 good lot In city 150
2 lots. Ocean View. &oxl3S 600
4 stores; 88 room*: rent $100 20 000
1 SELL and EXCHANGE .
ah kinds of property.—— — ■
H. C. D£CK-U, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth
ELEGANT ( I. KAR BUILDING LOTS NBAS
-J Oakland to trade for furniture. Address Owner,
box 31, Call Office.
II ANTED —TO ; EXCHANGE 7 ! EQUITY l IN
" nice e-room house In Oakland lor lodging-
house; what have you? K. B. 11., box 61. Call
Office.
I EXCHANGE— HOUSE AND LOT IN BERKE-
- ley; good location: will exchange for city
property. Address 11. A., box 44. Call Office.
lOQII Al i'.l.s TIMKER I— ND, KERN CO.;
I ■— *- v f wntcr: liiH-f'ircatile-nis N..hx.l6,Cail
-MEDICAL.
GBADCAI ES MIDWIFE 'I AKE-S LADIES I N
VJ confinenient: very Rood care; in city or ou;.
Address 416 Sixth at.. S. F.
ANEW PRoCK-sS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment orworthless pills used; every woman her
own physician lor all female troubles, no mailer
from what cause; restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be. sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearajr Sb
IADIKS, CONSULT FREE MKS. D!'.. SCOTT;
J 216 Powell St.; onlyquallfled specialist; $500
for ease I fail to cure: (Us— see of the eyes treated.
A LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
j.V stored In » few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular g:radua:e
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY u.se.i; laiiios, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; 3-011 will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 016 Post st., near Larkin.
"I ADIES— CHICHKSTKK'S ENGLISH PEN%
Xj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; lake no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. ••Relief lor Ladies." In letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Cum-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
BLK^SINU TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
rsoYer falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. UK. <s MRS.
DAY Iks, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $'_'.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity 111 one city ■ cure or no charge; separate
borne lor patients: best skill; medical attend-
uco: low lees; regulator, 9'<- 1370 Market si.
SURECUKI-: FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with every comfort: Action guaranteed, by
JittK. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk at.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY MALE DISEASE,
1 don't tall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254 4th.
I ADIES — OURMACIDE: CAPSULES PRE-
-i vents, safe, sure; pills no longer reauirtd;
91 50 per box. O. 8. P. Co., 1031 Margetst., S. F.
It. HALL. 14 —CALLISTEK STREET, NKAR
X>Ueases of women and children.
HOME. A FHIENTJ AND MOTH Kit's (.ARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1410 Eighth St.. Alam:-«la.
LPKAU'B FRENCH. PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled wi irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 --.(press C. O. 1).; dou't delay
mini 100 late. <>«ttiio|» BitOS.. Oakland. Cal.
STORAGE.
Ik. illi ps^u" sTand StawTooobtb;
J. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Oflices 608 California st.
IpURNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
LARGE AIRY STCRAGE-KOOM; FlRE-
proof building; cheap. 320 Sutter st.
m h. iionNEY. MISSION— STORAGE AT
X . red teed rates: basement Ktorage,sl 50 per load
TOKA«K— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
T OWESI RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. Tierce, 735 Market.
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
A PI'LY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
-Tl Hire, etc. SHIRKK A SHIREK. 747 Market.'
~~~~ PHYSICIANS. "~~
"pF^M^VED^DR. d cl O-DONN ELL TO 1208
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
tile worst cages treated eaUstactorily by uiaii.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
TOOK I 8100! LOTa ON INSTALLMENTS:
Xj no interest: near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PIXXKY. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
IMNE COT)' TO KXCHANGE FOR LOTS.
-—^?— ______________________
<sl9^nn S-ACRK fruit AND POULTRY
— *j\j\j. rnneh close to Oakland: part cash.
K. HILL. Donohoe building.
H-Foor WINDMILL: TANKS 15.000 GAL-
J-~lons: frame 30 feet: pump and pipes; also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10,000 gallons; pumps and
pipes. 1457 Seventh St.. West Oakland.
;">",|||| CHICKKN RANCH; THIS IS A
*u)tjU\J\J. bargain; Improvements cost $4000;
the best Improved chicken ranch in Contra Costa
County, only _ hours' drive from Oakland. For
particulars apply to owner, V. P. MITCH ELS,
painter. Fo;muenth an.l Webster sts. Oakland.
Sl Q^ifl EASY TKRMS; NEW 6-koom
iij)XUV\J. house; block and half fiom cars; cor-
ner lot: an ideal home; see it at once. WM. P.
THUD, lOU'i! Broad Oakland.
Q/l^n FOR BKAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
©IV"' Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-fifth st., in the center of Oakland:
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Breed it Co., 400
Ninth St., Oakland. or DAVIDSON _ LKRill, 137
Montgomery St., Sau Francisco.
ATT K. X T ION BUILDERS — PARTIKS DE"-
s:rlng to build homes or houses to reut will rind
it to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention eiven to alteration* or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. _^
Hoisk AND BUILDING lots ON install-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street wort all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate investment
Company, KUWARD DICK, ageat, Fraitvaie sta-
tion. .
_ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — Tllj»
A W!:i:iCLY CALL, in wr-pper. for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
f OOK-5350 FOR LOTSs HALF A BLOCK
XJ from Park st., Alameda, on installments; tine
location. H. B. PINNEY. 90. Uroadway. Oakland.
Q9flfih 4-HO;»M COTTAUE, $30 CASIT
O«l V»Ulf. ?20per month.
?'2300— 6-room i-ottage, *300 cash, 625 month.
$'2750— 5-room cottage, $'J5O cash, $iis month.
53000— 6-room house, $200 cash, 525 month.
$4000— 7-room house, $600 cash, $i! 5 mouth.
All modern houses, on Improved streets and
convenient to trains. Have nlsoa few magnificent
homes at reduced prices and 011 eaiy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1361 Park st.,
Alameda.
&~\ 7XA MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
«£) _ I OU. and bath; $100 cash, 920 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor. new: rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.: 9250 cash. $SSO a month. No. 73«.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
taee; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
■*5000— Elegant new house; 8 rooms: must be
sold: *500 cash. $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— snap; $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 73*2.
$3500— New modern a-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash, $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all pans of Aiameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st., Alameda.
"V F.W COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-.1 rooms, just completed, on Central aye,, 1 block
west from Park St.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old Ivory, mantel white and (told; burl pan-
els in doors; plate gloss throughout; beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and -plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as 1 am
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORUE
H. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., OaKland.
ft HEAPED AND IK AHZBXOA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, Bent to r.r.y address in the
United fcstates or Canada One year for 31 CO, post/
ace free.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
alO KENT— NEW COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
1 modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mcstlck and
Kiicliml station, Aiani<-d:u
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
pOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
■J on p«sy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and biilldlr.c. -1*23 Center si., Berkeley.
BEKKELEY HOUSES.
I^URXIShTo) liOfSK"'™ I.KT^FOR 2
X months; 9 rooms and b.ith; beautiful view.
Jos. J. MASON, Dwlght-way station.
i;OIt RENT, IN P. I : F. L K Y —A MODERN
1 house of 10 room.*, bath and laundry; large
yarJ. stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble aud permanent tenant; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
Call office. r .-.•■.-;•,
.ViIUJtENT-AN ELKOANT RESIDENCE OF
J 12 rooms, Dwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of Bowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, bars, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dvrlght-way station.
1., " HOKSKS.
\\T ANTKD- HORSE AND CAKT CHEA^FoR
'* cash. 2102y>i Howard st.
1' SOB SALE— A TEAM OF YOUNG MULIA
harness and wagon; good roadsters. AppJy 1913
Magnolia St., Oakland.
1 ANTED-TWO HORSES AND WAGON IX
part payment of mazniUcent new piano. Ad-
dress Box 51, this oilice.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
~l\t tuircics, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market. S'27 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 (\\\ Sl 1S siECONIMiAN D HARNESS; ALL
iv" kinds; second-hand wagons. bn?i;y, carls;
also 20 cheao horses. Fifteenth and Valencia s: i.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I ,'M SETS NEW A.Ni* SECOND-HAND HA*i-
-1 *J\J ness: all kinds; wasons, bugcles, horaenauJ
Ecraperc; sand-wa;ons. 1128 Mission su
DX. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SDK-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. l'-'i <'itv Hal! p.vp. : telt>n*ion» south 401.
WAGONS AND CARKIAGES.
Poit SALE— NICE BUOGY AND FiARNKSS:
x hand made: very stylish; cheap on account of
removal. Inquire at 427 Hayes at.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVTNfi GLOVES;
0 samples. 11. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansonie st.
■VIEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAI'
i.^ dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 tine humilen. S'2B Harrison st.
FOX SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
VfE WL V FITTED~iEJp"LIQVO:!-STORK. 73 9 .
X\ Devlsaderost., cor. Futon.
fffHO"ROt»OHBRED BLACK MINORCA
1 $1 per 15; also Belgian hares. Address 2029
San Antonio aye., Alameda, Col.
"L"*OU SALE— CAB I. NET- M > KWI'S iJ r. .-« L ii.
-T and tools; tine outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
FOB SALE— UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
register; price $25. J. L.. box 64. Call oilice.
"irOR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
T 10 days; price $25. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
FOR SALE— STANDARD TYPE-
writer. with desk: also roll oak top an£ one flat
top desk, in fine condition. 7 City Hall aye.
IflOR SALE AT A BARGAIN- .S36OO— COST
)f>6o 0. An economical steam and water-power
mining plant complete for bblsting, pumping and
drilling. H. 1.. W., I*2ol Laguna st.
T? LEGANT~BAR AND BACK BAB; GROCERY
i.i fixtures; cofte— mill and scales; no agents. Ad-
dress S. A., box SO, this office.
IpRESH JERSEY CO#— MILKS 7GALIONS
rich milk a day: gentle for family. 1312 Folsom.
17« OR SALE— LOT OF FINE. FRESH DAI
I cows. 1607 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
T/ 1 IP- *l -CLASS SECOND-HAN WASHING-
_ ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
SECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE K~i~
glnes; various guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E., box 100, Call.
A INS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
LOSING OUT OF STOVES, TIN WARE, ETC.;
V.' small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
ICH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; $30 TOSCO.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes St.
i" lIRE-PI'.OOF *-AFE WITH BURGLAR
J chest; cheap. I). N. HAW LEY, 318 Market.
OILERS.ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY,
waterptpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
tnre bought at the factory oaves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First at., nr. Mission
UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
->-> doors, manteis, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ON SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 11l Market st.
LURE AND BURGLAR SAFr.. ■ LETTKB-
X press, platform scales and desk:rheap. 10- Clay.
T EW RANGIC-i CHEAPER THAN BECONU-
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Ca, 1- California sr.
C\ VUS 7Kk4; BHELVINO. SHOWCASED
; ' bought and told 1121%MarkBt bet. 7t_and6tU
_^^j PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
material*, stoves, lumber, paints, olls.fumlture,
fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on . Wednesday. May 27, 1>96, tt 8:30
o'clock p. _t., for furnishing the School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San -Francisco
during the fiscal year 1*96 : 97 ' with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time. In accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
cf Education, new City Hall.
GEORGE UEANSTON, Secretary.
■
MOJ.EY TO LOAN.
<BtlOO OOn TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
•4SIUV7.ViUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine.
LOANS OX FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST,_i!D MORTGAGES; RESTS IN ES-
JLuttes;lowest rates ;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
<B?1 0 000 AT 61 / a PER CENT WE HAVE
«jp_LV».VJ\.'\/ to loan on good city real estate.
G. H. UMBSEN >'.- CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
1G CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PER CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office. ■
* DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWEL.KY. ETC
Colurobia Loan <t collateral ofKre. 9 Grant ava.
mo loan BY PRIVATE party; from $20
X to ssooo on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
A NY AMOUNT: IST, '.!D or SD MOKTUAUKS:
xl estates, undivided interests, real estate in pra-
hntp. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
At ONE Y LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
ill other valuables at the Security Loan OtUca,
IlC6MarltW Mason; private entrance 7 Turlc
v... n. At •!■.», LOANS ON COLLATE
1»J- low rates. By 1 vain saloman & C 0. .328 Montgy
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. llni. UK, Doiionii" hldif. 1170 Market st.
____________
PAWNBBOKSBS.
T 128 '" _EARNY~(ST.," ROOM"" 9-"mON_y"
loaned, watches, diamond?, etc.; low rales; pri-
vate room.i: elevator: pledges for sul i cheap.
JlAUKl.Vlft: LIO—iSSES.
The following marriage license? were issued by
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday:
A. B. Riddle and Marzurite Bishop, 78—
H. Rentley and Honora Townsend, 45—57.
C. Barney and Emma Fanning. 55 — 35,
A. Eberhard and Catnerlna Adelman, 32—22.
J. D. Fink and May Travis, 25—24.
WiJllam E. Cnapman and Lulu Custer. 32—18.
Conrnd Waaner and Ida C. Johnson. Hi— 26.
H. Phillips and Charlotte Malison, 29—33.
IUVOIICE PliOCli—OliSliji.
Complaint fliel:
Louie M. Stuart against Harry Stuart,
Isabelle Williams against Richard S. Williams.
Divorces granted:
Emily C. Karmore from William A. Barmore, for
desertion: by Juds?e Seawell.
Frank Mussio from Ella Mussio, for cruelty; by
Judge BeaweH.
C. K. Benjamin from Mary Benjamin, for de-
sertion ; by Judge Slack.
BittTllS — MARRIA.BS—i>_Aim =
KOHN.
OWENS-In tnis city, May 5, 1890, to the wife of
Daniel Owens, a daughter.
JAFFA— In this city, May 13, 1696, to the wife of
M. E. JafTa, a son.
KIPHEN— In this city, May 13, 1898, to the wife
of Val Kiphen, a sou.
LYNCH— In this city,' April 14, 1896, to the wife
of John Lynch, a son.
WINKLER— this city, May 9, 1896. to the wife
of Charles Wlnkler, a daughter.
ZVlETlcn— ln this city, May 12, 1896, to the
wife of E. M. Zvietich, a son.
SKINNER— this city, May 11, 1896, to the wife
of J. B. Skinner, a daughter.
TIETJEN— May 6, 1896, to the wife of Henry
1 '■• :.'■•!!, a daughter.
WEBB— May 11, 1896, to the wife of A. 8.
"Webb, a son.
JDUBD. -— — -
Bellstedt, John nocking, Florence E.
Boyce, Maggie Knupfer, George
J'.rosnan. William Little, Andrew ■"
. Butler. Frank D. Ma!on-, James
Bryant, Annie Nagle, George W.
Chase, James A. O'Brien, Alfred B.
Corridan, Mary Paulsen, Charles W.
De Soto, Louisa G. Rosjiter, Eleanor W.
Rothwell, Antouia F.
BELLSTEDT— In this city. May 12, 1893. John
beloved husband of Annie Bellstedt. and father
of Mrs. J. T. wards, John, Theodore. Willie.
Charles, Minnie ana Eva hellstedt, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 58 years 3 months and
7 days. A member of Harmon ie Lodge No. 13,
J. O. O. F. *
oS~ Friends and acquaintances are re*n*")t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence. 22 Decatur street, off Bryant, between
Seventh and Eighth. Inter—an i I. O. O. F.,
Cemetery.
BOYCE— In this city, May 12, 189 Maggie
dearly belovod wife of William lioyce, and
mother of Willie Hove-, Jo-eph. Annie, Liz-
zie, Christie and Henry s-itAnton, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged -iO year* 11 months
and % 'H days.
SSTFrlends anil acquaintance) are resnac:-
fnlly invited to attend th funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 12:45 o'ClocK p. m., from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Brendan's Chiron for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRO9NAN— In this city. May 12, 1896, William
]>ro>nan. late of Virginia City, beloved father of
Julia J<ros:i.it), and husband of the late Mary
F.rosnnn. .1 native of Co.in: . >■ Kerry, Ireland, aged
BS. years. [Virginia City (Nev.) papers please
copy.]
.srir"Fr!end3 and acquaintances ar« respect-
frl'v Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. si., from the uudertakins?
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, tbence
to St. Paul's Churcn, corner of Twenty-ninth
and Church streets where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUTLER— In Oakland. May 12, 1893. Frank
Dana, beloved son of John !L and Annie M.
Butler, a native of Oakland, aged 6 yean 10
months and 28 days.
IS3-Frfenu3 and acquaintances are respoo:-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at _ o'clock p. m., from the Fif.
teenth-stree'. a. M. E. Church, Oakland, inter,
men: Mountain View Cemetery.
BRYANT— In the City and County Hospital, May
13, 1896, Annie Bryant, aged 62 years.
CHASE— lnthiscltv. May 18. 1896, James Allen
Chase, father of Mrs. E. Houseworth, Mrs. M.
. ICaaaon ana James M. Chase, a native of Massa-
chusetts, Heed 80 years.
XEafThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 :45 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 2010 Gough street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
COR!UJ>AN— this city, May 13. 15.96, Mary,
beloved wife of Maurice CorHtian. and sister of
John Sheehao, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland. •
jß3"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Friday), at 8:£0 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 1206 Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church/Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose or her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DE SOTO— this city.May 13.1896, Louisa Grace,
beloved daughter of M. L. and corade Soto, a na-
tive of California, aged 4 years.
HOCKING— In this city. Mar IS, 1896, Florence
1 Kmmetlne, wife of T. C. Hockinz of Modesto
, daughter of Robert Gilbert, and sister of Nellie,
Henry, Ernest and Francis Gilbert of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 35 years.
KNUPFER-In this city, May 13, 1896. George
Knupfer. beloved son of Elizabeth Knupfer, and
brother of Annie Knupfer Mrs. Louisa Ehlen-
feldt and Mrs. Lizzie Marshall, a native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged 21 years 9 months and 22
days. : - ' -
As"Frienas and acquaintances are resoent-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from his late resi-
dence. 506 Franklin street. Interment I O. O. F.
Cemttery.
LITTLE— In this cftv. May 11, 1898, Andrew
Little, a native of Scotland, a?ed 65 years.
ft3*Frlen'ls and acquaintances are resnect-
fn!ly invited to attend the, funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 1 o'cloce a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' :
MALONE— In this city. May 3. 1896. James
Mnlon -, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are rnspect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy _ Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:45 a. xl
train.
NAGLE— In this city. May 13. 1596. George W.
Nazle, beloved brother of Mrs. Thomas Archer
and Harry M. Na?le. and son of the late George
D. Nagle, a native of St. Louis. • Mo.. aged 49
years 11 months and 4 days. [at. Louis papers
please copy.J
No:ice of funeral hereafter.
O'BRIEN— In this cltr. May 13, 1898, Alfred 8.,
beloved non of Simon and Hannah O'Brien, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 0
days. > .
PAULSEN— In this cltv, May 13, 1896, Charles
\\\, beloved son of William and Mure Paulsen,
and brother of Louise, Otto and Lucy Paul sen.
a native of Sun Francisco, aged 10 months aaU
13 days.
lt?"Friends and acquaintances am .resDect-
fnll.v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from in? resi-
dence of his parents, 683 Jllnna sir<">t. between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ROSSITER— In this city. May 12.1898, Eleanor
\V. Bossiter, widow of the late James N. Ros3lter,
and beloved mother of James and the late Charles
RosV.ier. a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 75
years and 1 month. .
ROTH WELL— this city. May 12, 1896. Antonla
Florencia. beloved wife of J. P?roy . Ko'.hwell.
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Julias Randmann.
nnd sister of Charles J. Bandiuaun, a native of
San Francisco.
■ Friend.* are reSp»<"tfullv Invited to att<>nl
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Friday), at
10:30 o'clock a. I*., at her late residence. 514
Lombard street. Interment private.
'""*"" UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Every Requisite for First-claM Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. 27 and '29 Fifth st. i
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM KBS.
80£_t_ St., Opp. Lincoln School.
r\ . Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMXl «O_r_rTr~~"""' I "™CHAS. _CM_«b_BY."
JAMES McMENOMEt * SON, |
UNDERTAKERS AND EM£A_MERS I
106? Mission Street, Near Seventh. 'I
.■ -•-, ••-•_..,. Telephone N0. 335 _' ■ .:-;. |
1516
A GOLD TWENTY
"ON THE SIDE,"
Deposit to Enlist the Inter
est of the Detective
Force.
THE TALE OF A WATCH.
Saloon • Keeper A. Hesse and
His Quiet Back
Room.
A DIAMOND CASE IN POINT.
Allegations to the Effect That Detec
tives Bee and Harper Do Not
Depend on Their Salaries.
Harry Herbert, a young man living at
412 Hyde street, had stolen from his table
at tbe head of his bed while he slept last
Sunday night a gold watch and $18 in
money.
He reported the matter to the Police De
partment at on;e, but has received no in
formation since then indicating in any
way that steps have been taken looking to
the recovery of tne property, although he
gave information pointing to the culprit —
at least to a suspect.
The watch in question was an heirloom
that Mr. Herbert valued very greatly, and
he was and is in great distress over its
loss. Mr. Herbert is a collector in the em
ploy of Madison & Burke.
It is a part of his business to collect rent
monthly from A. Hesse, who keeps a sa
loon on Larkin street, at the corner of
Grove. On Monday he called upon Mr.
Hesse in his capacity as such collector,
and in conversation incidentally men
tioned to him his Joss, and the fact that
he had already informed the police.
"I will interest myself in the matter,"
said Hesse. "Detectives Bee and Harper
are my personal friends. If I speak to I
them they will take more interest in it !
than if you, a total stranger, went to
them."
"I would be willing to pay something, if
you think that would do any apod. I
want them to take an interest in tne mat
ter and recover that watch if it is possi
ble," said Herbert. "I want the watch. 1
would be willing to put up $20, or even
more, to recover it."
"Of course," said Hesse, "these officers
do not work for love. If you put up some
money to make it a consideration they
will take more interest in it than they
otherwise would."
Herbert placed a $20 gold piece on the
counter and Hesse put it away saying that |
he would attend to the matter.
That is the last Mr. Herbert has heard
of the matter.
Without knowing to whom he was talk
ing, the saloon-keeper, Hesse, said to a
Call reporter last evening discussing the
Bonu'wnat peculiar transaction:
"Oh, yes, I have the $20 given to me by
Herbert. Detectives Bee and Harper are
my friends, and I have been trying to see
them in his interests, but I learn they are
out of town. They will be home to
morrow, and I will lay this matter before
them at once. I have had dealings of this
kind with them before.
"Why, sure, they are in this business
for what they can make out of it. They
know they can trust me. If they have
anything of this kind to do they step into
the back room and the business is trans
acted without anybody being tne wiser,
for they are very timid in a thing of this
kind— taking money for detective service.
They are as leary about being found out
in a transaction of that kind as a thief
would be at his trade. If they came
in here this minute do you suppose
I would say: 'Hello, Bee,' or 'Hello,
Harper'? Not much. And yet I
have known and been on intimate
terms with them for years. No, sir, I
would address them as I would strangers.
But if I just made the sign, like this, they
would understand and pass back into
my private room, and would go away,
perhaps, and return again. Oh, I have
had little transactions of this kind with
men higher in authority in the public de
partment than Bee or Harper."
Wholly without knowledge as to whom
be was talking — talking to a man who
had knowledge of the $20 transaction with
Mr. Herbert and who had gone to see him
to learn what further he might know
along the same lines — Mr. Hesse rattled
on in this voluble fashion.
"A friend of my wife lost some dia
monds," he continued. "I saw her and
advised her to engage Bee and Harper.
She gave me $50 and I turned the money
over to the detectives and in a couple of
days they had recovered the diamonds.
They will recover this watch all right.
I'm certain of it."
"The detectives don't object to taking
money — don't get angry when you offer it
to them. You know they are paid by the
City for this work?"
The saloon-Keeper laughed. "Get angry?
Well, I should say not. They are not in this
business for love. As I say nobody knows
about it but myself and themselves. There
never could be any row about it. They
know that. They wouldn't have any deal
ing of that kind with anybody that they
don't know perfectly well. They know
they can trust me. They would not have
NEW TO-DAY. \ \.
THE PRIZEyV KANSAS
BABYy^^, CITY
Cared oHaMßw^^Bj the
Disfiguring %. J^CBTICBRA
ECZEMA REMEDIES
Onr baby when three weeks old was badly af-
flicted with Eczema. Her head, arms, neck, limbs,
and nearly every Joint In her body was raw and
bleeding when we concluded to try CUTICUKA
Remedies. We began with Cdticura (oint-
ment) and Ccticura Soap, and after the first
application we could see a change. After we bad
used them one week some of the cores had healed
entirely, and ceased to spread. In less than a
month, she was tree from scales and blemishes, and
to-day has as lovely skin and hair as any child.
b'fce was shown at the Grange Fair, and took a
premium as the prettiest baby, over sixteen others
Ml. A Mm. Park, ICO9 Belleview Aye., Kan. City.
Bald t »er jwhirt. S orni D»uo * CxulCozt., Boiton,
done any such business with the woman I
refer to of course. She might have made
a fuss. But neither she nor they were
known in the transaction, or knew each
other, I mean. They could have sworn
they never received any money from her
and she could have sworn she never gave
them any. Do you see? She gave the
money to me ; I gave it to them. So far as
they were concerned they were not sup
posed to know where it came from. So it
will be in this case of HerDert."
This much for Mr. Hesse. In justice to
Mr. Herbert it should be said that he is
very anxious to recover his watch— only
that and nothing more. He wrote out a
statement of the transaction in brief, and
by request made affidavit to it. He dis
claimed any desire to "queer" either Mr.
Hesse or the detectives. On the contrary
he wished them well. The saloon-keeper
is his friend in a business way, and the de
tectives lie desires shall be his friends to
the end that they recover nis watch.
The $20 he has no feeling about— would
give $50 more, he says, to gain the end—
his watch.
The following is the statement and affi
davit made by Mr. Herbert:
Laf Sunday ni^'lit, May 10, 1 returned home
at4l2 Hyde street and went to bed at 11:45
or thereabouts, locking the door of my room
and taking out the key.
At 6:30 in the morning I awakened to go to
my work as an employe of Madison & Burke.
For the first time I then noticed that $18—
$10 in gold and $3 in silver— which I had laid
on my night table, also my gold watch, were
missing.
Describing the watch, I say the case was
No. 41.71G, a Barrett & Sherwood movement
No. 388,152.
I reported the case at police headquarters to
Sergeant Colby. He took the statement here
made, and said he would give it over to the
detectives. 1 asked for Detective Whittaker,
who was there. Whittaker said he did
not think it was a professional crook,
but that it was some one in the house who
committed the theft. 1 then saw a saloon
keeper at 101 Larkin street, a baloon-keeper
who «a.d: ''I'm acquainted with Bee and Har
per, the detectives. If I speak to them myself
they will take more interest in the case than
if a stranger 6hould come to them."
"Will they do that for you." I asked, and
UDon the saloon-keeper saying they would I
told him I was willing to pay them $20 If they
would, as 1 did not like to see them work for
nothing.
The saloon-keeper said: "Of course these
officers are not doing this thing for lcve, and
they expect something for what they do."
11. Herbert.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 13th
day ot May, 1890.
[seal.] Justin Gates, Notary Public.
Detectives Bee and Harper could not be
seen last evening for the reason stated
thai they were out of town.
OLYMPICS IN THE SWIM.
Twenty-Five Hundred Dollars
Will Be Expended on
Bathrooms.
Fitzsimmons Will Turn the Champion
ship Over to Peter Jackson and
Corbett Must Fight.
The Olympic CJub is making very ex
tensive improvements in its natatorial de
partment. Considerable of the coin which
the club received from the boxing festival
will be expended in renovating the bath
ing rooms and the apartments connected
with the swimming tank.
According to Director Short and other
officials who are interested in the club's
welfare, the salt water has eaten into the
leaden pipes connecting with the batns.
The woodwork of the bathrooms has also
suffered to a great extent from the same
cause, and the directors concluded that
something had to be done, and very
quickly, too, to prevent further inroads
from the salt water.
Men are now at work putting in a con
crete floor and walls and when the work
is completed the club will have bathrooms
of which, for comfort, it can feel deservedly
proud. Pipes of brass or galvanized iron
will replace the leaden pipes which have
not, by any means, withstood the inroads
of the salt water.
Considerable alterations will be made in
the bathing departments. Instead of the
two bathing floors, as at present, there
will be but one floor when the contractors
have completed their task of reconstruc
tion. In fact the Olympic bathing de
partment is undergoing a general reno
vating, and the members can rest assured
of having most comfortable bathing
quarters when the task of renovating is
completed. The club estimates that the
cost of the improvements will amount to
something like $2500. This guarantees the
lovers of natatorial exercises comfort and
pleasure for the future.
Eddie Koib, the crack wheelman of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, wiJl leave this
City on Sunday morning on board his
bike for the famous orange belt of Los
Angeles. Kolb will be escorted as far as
San Jose by several of the most prominent
of the Corinthian scorchers. The cham
pion "flier," Sam Morris, will head the
procession. He will have as his assistants
Pete Stone, Petey McLaren, Teddy Lun
ptedt. A. J. Lyons and Lieutenant Stanley.
Mr. Kolb will be gone from the City for
several weeks, but he has promised his
friends, who are legion, that he will ship
them several boxes of oranges and fish
when he "strikes" the orange groves and
fishing banks.
Billy Gallagher of Los Angeles, who has
been matched by the National Club to
fight Danny Needham, arrived yesterday
and left immediately for his training
quarters. Gallagher is looking splendid,
and although he does not say much con
cerning his bout with Needham he is nev
ertheless very confident of whipping his
opponent.
According to tbe latest intelligence
from the East, Bob Fitzsimmons is mak
ing preparations to visit England. A par
ticular friend of Lanky Bob, a resident
of this City, received a letter from "the
champion" not very long ago, and it ter
minated thusly:
"Yes, friend; lam going to London, and
if Corbett persists in putting stumbling
blocks in my way I will do with him as he
has done lo me. If Peter Jackson is any
thing like what he was when we last
saw him in this country, I will turn over
the championship to Peter. You know
that Jackson has tried every means to get
a return match with Corbett, but Artful
James has always avoided a second meet
ing with Gentleman Peter. Now, if Jack
son is in any kind of condition, I will
transfer the title I hold to him, and Cor
bett must then fight Jackson or get off the
earth. I had a letter from London not
very long ago and tbe writer said that
Jackson was not half as bad, physically, as
the correspondents of American papers re
ported him to be. Jackson can make a
good fight yet, and 1 have every reason to
believe that he will punch the head off of
Corbett if the two will ever meet. If Peter
suffers defeat I will meet Corbett."
Merced Officers Jailed.
MERCED, Cal., May 13.— Considerable
excitement prevails in this city on account
of the killing of an unknown man by
Deputy Sheriff Dowst and Constable
Collins yesterday. The officers were on
the trail of a burglar and thonght they
had found their man. They Bay that he
fired at them and they shot in self-defense.
Their statement cannot be proved because
no weapon was found near the dead man
and the fatal bullet entered his back, show
ing he was trying to escape at the time.
Both officers are in jail awaiting tbe result
of the inquest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1896.
CLIFTON TO RUN
FOR PARLIAMENT,
The Scion of the English
Nobility Departs for
Home.
CALLED BY HIS FATHER.
His Giddy Life as a Member
of San Francisco's Fast
Set.
COSTLY GIFTS TO HIS FRIENDS.
A Final Banquet to White-Hat Me
Carty and a Coterie of Boon
Companions.
J. Talbot Clifton, the scion of s noble
English family, who has spent his time
and income in San Francisco for a couple
of years past, has left for England, pre-
Hon. J. Talbot Clifton, the Heir to an English Title. Who Will Ron for Parliament
[From a character sketch by a "Call" artist.]
sumably never to return, and much is the
sorrow of the "fancy" in consequence.
Two or three years ago Clifton became
involved in London in one of those esca
pades to which the gilded youth oi
all countries are prone, and his father,
who is one of the richest men in England,
conceived the idea that a trip around the
world would benefit his son's health with
out hurting his morals, and started him
out provided with a valet and almost un
limited funds. New York and Chicago
were visited in theirturn, but their charms
soon palled on his lordship and he con*
tinued to journey westward.
San Francisco, however, was different
from the rest, and Clifton tarried. Weeks
grew into months and months into years,
and yet he failed to tempt the perils of the
ocean, but seemingly became a fixture in
the gay Bets of the City by the Golden
Gate.
At first mammas with marriageable
daughters arranged exclusive little enter
tainments to which Clifton was invited and
made the guest of honor, but as time wore
on and his oddities became known, the in
vitations became fewer and his lordship
was left to the tender mercies of the horse
men and sporting men witn whom he
spent the larger portion of his time. Clif
ton early developed a londness for horses
and soon established a racing stable,
which, though it did not win many events,
was evidently a great source of satisfac
tion to him, for he spent the larger portion
of his $5000 a month pockot money on it.
Clifton had one curious fad that involved
him in no end of trouble. He had a de
cided aversion to paying his bills oftener
than once in five years unless compelled
to do so by process of law, and as a conse
quence judgments and attachments were
a common experience with him. He paid
cheerfully and promptly when he desired
to use whatever happened to be in the
Sheriff's hands, but he never opened a bill
that was mailed to him. For a year past
Clifton lived a career up and down ''the
line" that will be remembered in sporting
circles for jrenerations to come, and spent
at least $100,000 in twelve months.
Whenever his allowance would not go
around he drew a draft on his father that
soon brought the needed funds, and again
the wine flowed. Suddenly, however,
came a summons from "'the gov'nor." He
had evidently heard of his son's escapades
in the City half around the globe, and the
orders were peremptory to start for home
at once.
Clifton was heart-broken, as was hia
friend and boon companion, White-Hat
McCarty, but his lordship knew that to
disobey" meant to lose his income, and tbat
settled the matter. A final bout was ar
ranged and took place in Clifton's magnifi
cent apartments at the Maison Riche a
few evenings ago.
The guests were White-hat McCarty, his
son, Joe McCarty, and a few chosen
spirits, who dranic success and a safe
journey to their host until unbidden
tears were generated and the affair broke
up J« n a * ene ? al crying match.
His lordship was apparently touched by
their sorrow, and to assuage it he arranged
for a little surprise for them which he
sprung on the day of nis departure. While
the last farewells were beine .said he
banded father and son each a check for
$1500, and to complete their joy the father
became the possessor of the lease of the
Maison Riche apartments, together with
all the magnificent furniture contained
therein, while the son was made happy by
the gift of Clifton's four remaining horses
and his coach and gigs.
Before leaving Clifton announced his in
tention of going to Parliament and settling
down "at home" as a simple country
squire.
AGAINST CONVICT GOODS.
Govrrnnr I.m id "Will Assist the Manu
facturers' Association.
A short time ago Secretary Mead and
other members of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, requested Julian
Sonntag to interview Governor Budd upon
the subject of keeping goods made by
convicts in Eastern prisons out of Cali
fornia, because of the unfair competition
with manufacturers in this State. That it
was necessary to see the Governor was ap
parent when it became known that several
State institutious are about to advertise
for bids for supplies, and that a number of
contractors who are known to handle
Eastern convict-made goods are likely to
bid for the contracts.
Mr. Sonntag went to Sacramento, but
before he couid see the executive he was
recalled on private business. However, he
wrote to Governor Budd a long letter set
ting forth tbe facts, and made the request
that, in the contracts for furnishing sup
plies, a clause should be inserted forbid
ding the fortunate bidders from furnish-
ing any articles or goods made by convict
labor; also, in bidding for supplies for
these institutions, tbat a danse shall be
inserted favoring California products when
price and quality are as favorable as those
from the East. He hoped that the Gov
ernor would inspect the specifications to
this, and before they reached the State
Printer's hands. To this Governor Budd
made the following reply, which was re
ceived yesterday:
Sacramento, May 12, 1896.
Julian Sonntag, Manufacturers' and Productrt'
Association, San Frandtco— My Dear Sir:
I regret greatly that I did not tee you
last week. I fully agree with the views
set forth in your letter of the sth inst.
ana am certain that the Prison Directors are
of a like opinion and they will go as far In
this matter as the Attorney-General advises
them.
The law penaing In Congress regulating the
sale of the products of convict labor should be
Passed. It is nufficient for the prisons in each
.State to have lessened the cost of their main
tenance by the use of their own convict labor.
California haj been for years the "dumping
X^ ou n d for the Products of Eastern labor and
the Prison Directors and the State officials
have been consulting how to prevent the
B™*l injustice bein* continued.
I think as far as the State can act a solution
might be found in a law to be recommended to
the next Legislature making it a crime to sell
any article produced by convict labor unless
such article be plainly and properly labeled.
rree l».bor is not and cannot be injured by
the products of our comparatively few convict
laborers working for the State, and to lift only
the burden of their support from the tax
payers; but it is greatly injured by the im
ports from the Eastern prisons. Yours truly,
James H. Bcdd, Governor.
FOR RUSSIAN RIVER.
A Special Train, With Seat* Reserved,
to Ran to t'klah.
There are thousands of people in this
City who would enjoy getting away to the
country on Sunday if they could feel as
sured of a quiet day's outing. That was
the idea that prompted Mr. Locke to get up
a number of outings last year, and this
season he will continu e them on the same
lines.
The first Sunday event occurs next Sun
day, the announcement for which appears
among the amusement advertisements. It
will be a special last irain to Ukiah, stop
ping both ways at Pieta and Hopland,
giving trout anglers, sightseers, pedes
trians and cyclists an elegant opportunity
for a fine day's outing.
One of the features of the trip will be
reserved seats in special coaches for all
who get their tickets before going to the
ferry, where only unreserved tickets will
be sold, but even these insure a seat. Last
evening the demand for seats began in
earnest, batches of from four to twelve
seats being taken by single applicants.
The reserred-seat sale closes at 10 p. m.
Saturday.
THE NORTH END
IS IN EARNEST,
Enthusiastic Meeting to De
mand a Building on the
Old Hall Site.
THE STIRRING SPEECHES
Resolutions Passed Asking the
Supervisors to Begin Con
struction at Once.
A PERMANENT ORGANIZATION
Voters Will Fight All Those Who
Oppose Them— Legal Measures
Are Proposed.
Over 200 property-owners, representing
the North End district, met in Judge
Joachimsen's courtroom, new City Hall,
last night to protest against the action of
the Board of Supervisors in postponing
work on tbe new municipal bnilaing.
It was an enthusiastic gathering, and if
the offensive action as outlined is carried
out many weeks will not elapse before the
old City Hall site will be filled with work
men pushing to completion a structure
authorized by the Legislature nearly two
years ago. Supervisor King was present
and though suffering from a severe cold
managed to make one of his characteristic
speeches.
The meeting organized by electing per
manent officers as follows: President,
John Shirley: tirst vice-president, Landrv
Babin; second vice-president, W. H.
Bodtish; secretary, .Robert E. McGregor;
treasurer, Berry H. Lichtenstein.
President Shirley addressed the meeting
briefly, declaring that tne action of the
Supervisors in delaying the construction
of the new building was unbusinesslike
ana shameful and a disgrace on the people
of the Nortn End.
Eugene Duprey followed in a fiery speech,
telling how he had worked in behalf of
the taxpayers. He said that certain in
fluences had stood in the way, but there
was a legal remedy, if the people would
only apply it.
Attorney Foote advised the adoption of
a plan which would make the politicians
push the work.
He declared his ability to register 600
votes against any man who would dare
vote against the speedy construction of the
building.
Judge Low, who was present by invita
tion, said that while he was not a resident
of the district he was heartily in sympathy
with the movement. He declared that not
only the immediate section but all San
Francisco was injured by the delay.
The secretary at this point introduced
the following resolution, prepared by
President Shirley, which was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, There lies unoccupied and unim
proved, yet in readiness lor improvement, a
spacious lot of land, property of the CHy and
County of San Francisco, situate iv a central
business quarter thereof, and itnown as "The
Old City Hall site," on the southeast corner of
Keariiy and Washington streets; and, whereas,
the construction oi useful public buildings
upon the same would be of incalculable beiie
tit to,thls municipality, and would greatly on
hanco the value of private property approxi
mate thereto, ana tend to maferially
relieve the resident elements of this City, now
so extremely distressed and hampered by rea
son of the inadequate demand for their serv
ices and their inability to obtain lucrative em
ployment; and whcreas,,there has been already
appropriated an ample fund for the specific
purpose of erecting said buildings and noiv
available to that end; and whereas, the Board
of Supervisors of this City and County at a
regular session recently uassed a resolution
pobtponlng for many months all action look
ing to and providing for the erection of appro
priate buildings upon said site; be it
Resolved, That it" is the unuualitied opinion
of tne property-owners and citizens of San
Francisco here assembled that said action of
delay on the part oi the Board of Supervisors
was unwarranted and reprehensible; that it
was adverse to the best interests of a large
number of residents of this City and County,
and that it tends, by unjust discrimination, to
benefit the few at a sacrifice of the btst inter
ests of the many. It is further
lievolvcd, That the secretary of this assembly
be and he is hereby instructed to forthwith
prepare a petition to be presented at the
proper time to the said Board of Supervisors
and circulate the same for the signatures of
residents and property-owners in that portion
of this Cily and County known as the "North
End"; said petition to set forth their griev
ances upon the subject-matter of these resolu
tions and to pray that said board review and
revoke its late resolution deferring said im
provements and that it adopt immediate and
efficient measures for the speedy construction
of permanent and substantial buildings on
said lot of land.
Supervisor King was present, but could
not talk much because of sickness. "I
am too hoarse to speak," he said, "but I
will say that I have done all I could to
eet this through. I have done more to get
it erected — "
"I would like to ask the gentleman," in
terrupted President Shirley, "if he did
not vote for the four months' postpone
ment?"
"Yes," answered the Supervisor, "but
it wan because I was opposed to Banks. It
waa for that I voted for postponement."
King finally said that he was not par
ticularly tied to the plans of Shea & Shea,
but was ready to vote for any good substi
tute if he thought it rilled the bill.
Secretary McGregor announced $215
collected to date and asked that a finance
committee be appointed to audit the bills,
the following gentlemen being named by
the chair: E. S. Burton, Bam Goldberg
and £. Geiselman. McGregor then offered
a resolution, which was passed, that the
organization be known as the "Old City
Hall Site Improvement Association." It
was voted to secure a hall iv Montgomery
block, after which the meeting adjourned
subject to the call of the president.
It is the purpose of Secretary McGregor
to prepare a hundred petitions, to be cir
culated throughout the northern district
demanding that the Supervisors authorize
work to commence at once. As soon as
5000 or 6000 names are secured, President
Shirley, under authority given last night,
will appoint a committee of five to visit
the Supervisors and formally lay the mat
ter before them.
If the petition is ignored, then it is pro
posed to resort to legal measures.
A SOCIALIST MEETING.
Arthur 11. Sanborn Lectures on '< Sci
ence a* Applied to Society."
There was an audience of about 800 per
sons present last night at the Turk-street
Temple to hear an address, under the aus
pices of Liberty Branch, Socialist Labor
party, by Arthur H. Sanborn. an eminent
writer and lecturer on sociology.
The lecturer treated his subject in an
able and eloquent manner, describing the
evolution of society from its primitive and
barbarous stage to its present advanced
state of civilization and progress.
In conclusion, he claimed that socialism
is at present recognized by all modern
scientists as the harbinger of a better and
more prosperous future for the human
race.
Short speeches from other prominent
speakers of tbe party followed, inclnding
remarks from Theodore Lynch. T. E. Zant,
Henry Rosenblough, Leo Gasser, W. M.
Willey. George Barnaby, Dr. J. D. O'Brock
and William Mangan.
,_.,__ KEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. f - ' v '
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK VERY SPECIAL OFFERINGS IN
OF EMBROIDERIES. ' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
SWISS AND CAMBRIC EDGE EMBROI- LADIES' SKIRTS, made of good heavy
DERY, from 4 to 7 inches wide, worth quality muslin, 4 tucks with 5-inch em-
double our asking, special Embroidery QIC broidery ru file on bottom; regular 75c CAC
sale prices, I-V2C, 10c and C 3 grade. Special price for this sale OU
LADIES' SKIRTS, made of extra fine mua-
SWI«S EMBROIDERED EDGE, an excep- Un ; 5 tucks with deep cambric ruflle
tional value, very elaborate designs, n(1 b five tucks, bpeclal Muslin a- h-q
from 7 to 10 Inches wide, all new, worth derwear sale price Id
y a rd a 7 and Per *'"* Sale rice ' *"' 20° LADIES' MUSLIN "dRAWBRS, good
yaru.^acana heavy quality, 4 tucks, ruffle bottom. OAO
Special price this week per pair _U
BROWN GRASS CLOTH, embroidered t «r>TTi'«' JWTTfItrM , U uv« _ n^ . il.
l che s Of w, d°e leS k vV'peciaf' o^rin? liADir.s jILnLI-N <»<> >\ •> s. good heavy
mil Or nOieSi all new <lesi!,ns 00 nnalirv l-ircp <a»ilr*r r-nllnr mmMa
oocana •*"''-' I our special Muslin Underwear sale mc
price :. OU
SWISS AND CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY r LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, the resu-
EDGE. new open-worked patterns and lar 50c quality, extra tine muslin, 6
pretty designs, from 2 to 5 inches wide. tucks with 2..-inch embroidery rntlle
Sale prices, 7 Vic ana tii.ic a yard CC on bottom. Special Muslin Underwear Q."^C
«-» sale price Oi)
SOME SPECIAL PRICES FOR TO=DAY !
Huck Gents' Bed- Separate
Towels. Shirts. Spreads. Skirts.
26x42 Inches, hem- Unlaundered, rein- White crochet: BJx Blue and black serges
mpd, colored bor- forced back. 50c 90 inches. SI 25 6 yards wide: worth
ders, kind. kind. $5.
17c Each. l |39c Each. 1 90c Each. $3.75 Each.
Infants' Baby Toilet Gents'
Dresses. Ribbon. Soap. Socks.
Calico, full sleeves,
one ruffle, lace- All silk, I'icot edge, 3 cakes In a box. Fast dye, regular 25c
trimmed, fancy work shades. bouquet toilet. kind, Maco yarn.
25c Each. I 10c Bolt. 10c Box. | | 15c.
I INCORPORATED
937=945 Market Street.
High-grade Uncolored Jap, English
Breakfast, Formosa, Oolong, Japan,
Ceylon or Mixed, regular price per
pound 60c. Our price per pound. . .45c
Or in 5-!b.jpucka«es $2.
Extra Fine Family Teas, regular price
per pound 50c. Our price per pound. 3sc
Or in 5-ib packages $1 50.
BUTTER.
Any size lots for packing at WHOLESALE
TRICES.
ROBINSON & KNQX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
900-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
2 office of ;
t BLACK WELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY. - ;
DURHAM, N. C. ; .
!|L ATT Dear Sir:
111 HI! You are cn * it!cd to receive :
Am i|*JLJjy| FREE from your wholesale dealer, '■'■
■ V HSESaS WHITE STAR SOAP with all
the :
lffA«iiliAn&* Blackwell's Genuine
MyrCHZyUyh Durham smoking
V-" JLOD&CCO you buy. One bar
■■SI Oft ■ 19 of soap Free with each pound, :
ill \e* Tl aba ill whether 16 oz., 8 oz., 4 oz., or ;;
yUnn HptSl! a ° z P acka^ s .
II kU ely UQtkh Wa have notified every whole-
"~ T ■■*•■•■■ sale dealer in the United States ::
.«— sh^ a•__ _ • ,_. ; that we will supply them with soap
Win Tl Innn to Rive you FREE. Order a good
II IK £IEI I su PP J y of GENUINE DURHAM at
6 IlljfllfitlS once and Insist on getting your '■■
aUWUUUU. soap. One bar at Soap FREE with ::
,each pound you buy. Soap is
. : • ' . offered for a limited time, so order :
- V ;v* • > ■ to-day. Yours very truly, •
I BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
!■ TOBACCO COMPANY. i
, / • *"•••«••« : II you hart difficulty in procuring your (iintniui
- . , , ; ' soap, cut out this notice and send it with
. . ... • your order to your wholesale dealer. ,
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Xever Fails to Kelieve. Can't JBurt a Child. Costs %r, Cents to Try IU
Any Druggist frill liet It for lou. Study the Directions.
THE POT CALLED THE KETTLE BLACK
BECAUSE THE HOUSEWIFE
DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
111 ■ ■ IJWLIIUUI— L- ■— -iw -- li-W^l— »T»B
f4 Mji\JS Vnil t ~" 70 Tiiroat, I'impK?, Copper-fflj
S/PhA7.£ TUU Colored Spots. Aches. Old SoresH
$ L'lcerj in Mouth, Hair-Falling! "Write COOKS
ISEMEDV CO., 307 !i£a«onlc Temple
Chicago. 111., (or proofs of cures. Cupl-IB
Mtul, 8300,000. Worst cases cured In lfiw
* to 35 day a. 100-pngo book free. &ij
Baja California
Damiana Bitters 4
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tha
i sexual and urinary organs of "both sexes, and a
! cre&t remedy for disease* of the kidneys ami bla 1-
: cier. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nerviua.
Bells on its own Merits— no long-winded tasU<
monials necessary.
NAKJfiK, AI.FS & BBVBB, Agent.4,
323 .Market St., S. *'.— (send for circular.)
Inviiations. Announcements, Cards, e?o , Ensravcd
and Printed. Correct style, low rates. 20 samples
and directions tor correct form, modern weddlnSL
; mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps, » BRCN^T*
Fixe Auxtixo, 535 Clay St., Baa FraScisco. Call