VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 6.
McKINLEY MEN ARE ALARMED
Platt's Influence Feared by
the Backers of the
Ohioan.
COLONEL HEATH UNEASY
Claims That Schemes Are Being
Arranged to Shut Out Certain
Pledged Delegates.
PLANS FOE THE CONVENTION.
Leaders Daily Arriving at St Louis
and Preparing for the Great
Battle.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June s.— Colonel Perry
Heath, ex-journalist of Cincinnati and just
now avant courier of the McKinley in
vasion of St. Louis, is in deep anxiety to
night over what he forcibly denominates
an underhand attempt to defeat the
Ohioan's nomination. He names Hon.
Thomas C. Platt of New York as director
of the anti-McKinley movement. He says
Platt has given out the information pub
licly that he will not be in St. Louis until
next Wednesday, when all the other big
wigs are expected here, but that privately
he has notified all those members of the
committee who are supposed to be opposed
to McKinley that he will be here Monday
morning and "would like to meet them in
private conference tor the discussion of
business of very vital importance to the
party."
One of the committeemen thus written
to has communicated with Heath, who
does not know exactly which of tbe com
mitteemen are now so set against Mc-
Kinley, but he names among the prob
abilities Clarkson, Manley and certain
members from New England, with Wright
Cuney of Texas and A. H. Leonard of
Louisiana.
"The method to be used to defeat the
Ohioan," said Colonel Heath, "is a desper
ate one, but it will be tried. As is well
known, the National Committee is to meet
at the Southern Hotel at noon Wednes
day to bet'in the worK of making up the
temporary roll of the convention, which
assembles the following Tuesday.
"Ever since the opposition to Major Mc-
Kinley has realized that the Ohioan's boom
could not be checked by ordinary meth
tias schemed to iiae the advantage
given it in the control of the National
Committee to defeat McKinley if possible,
by recognizing all the anti-McKinley con
testing delegates who could show the
slightest claim, and piving them the seats
in the convention witn the expectation
that they -rould force men of their own
selection on the credentials committee,
and thus secjnre a firm footing in the per
manent organization of the convention.
"This taik about Governor McKinley
having ruthlessly invaded the States of
favorite sons and on which allegations the
opposition to him bases its strongest
ground is the utmost folly. Why, from
tbe inception of his campaign Governor
McKinley has stubbornly refused to en
courage any movement for him in States
that have or were liable to have candi
dates of their own."
Colonel Heath will be joined Monday by
Judge A. C. Thompson of Gallipolis, a
leading member of the Ohio delegation
and one of the McKinley managers. Gen
eral Grosvenor will also come on that date
if Congress adjourns Saturday.
PROCTOR, AND NOT REED
McKinley Selects the Ex-Secretary of
War for Hia Running Mate.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June s.— lt is an
open secret here to-night that Major Mc-
Kiniey had given up all idea of persuading
Thomas B. Reed to be his running mate,
and as a result of several conferences with
M. A. Hanna and others, he has decided
to use his best efforts to prevail upon Red
field Proctor, Harrison's Secretary of War
and at present United States Senator from
Vermont, to accept that position. Nego
tiations with that gentleman have been
pending for some time, and as the result
Mark Hanna gave out to-night that Sena
tor Proctor would arrive in Cleveland to
morrow morning and go with him at once
to Canton to talK over matters concerning
the campaign with McKinley.
While Mr. Hanna would not admit that
it was for the purpose of talking over the
Vice-Presidential nomination, he did not
deny it, and it is certain when he starts
for St. Louis next Tuesday to open the
McKinley headquarters that Proctor's
name will also be on his slate. As to the
declination of Reed it is learned here from
sources close to the McKinley managers
that he said to those Vho urged him to
join fortunes with McKinley:
"It is impossible for me to consider the
matter. I have served tbis country to the
best of my ability. My friends think I
should be nominated for the Presidency.
I am a candidate for that office and for
no otner. If the people do not want me I
shall retire from public lifa and in the
praclic of my profession try to earn a
living."
There has been some ta.'k bare and at
Canton of Henry Clay Evans of Tennessee
for the Vice-Presidency, but the outlook
to-ni*ht is that if Proctor says "yea" the
McKinley managers will drop all other
candidates and urge Proctor as the best
man to bring the united support of New
England to the Republican party.
CLASS JitOJy TO GATHER.
There la Already Inllc as to Who Will
Be Chair-nan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 6.— Amonj? the
arrivals to-day was Colonel Fred Brackett
of Baltimore. Colonel Brackett is a well
known RepuDlican from Maryland and
will be at the convention in the capacity
of assistant sergennt-at-arras.
P "Some friends of Governor .Lloyd
Lowndes of Maryland," said Colonel
Brackctt, "have been booming him for
Vice-President. While he is not an
avowed candidate he will be an excellent
choice. He is an able man, and under his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
leadership Maryland went Republican for
the first time in twenty- five years."
On Wednesday the National Committee
will meet at the Southern Hotel and will
decide upon the temporary organization
and go over the 170 contests. For tem
porary chairman Mark Hanna of Ohio,
Governor Merriam of Minnesota, Major
Warner of Missouri and Warner Miller of
New York have been mentioned.
Most of the members of the National
Committee, including Chairman Carter of
Montana, Secretary Joseph Manley of
Maine, M. H. de Young of California,
General J. S. Clarkson of lowa, Senator
Thurston of Nebraska and ex-Governor
Fifer of Illinois, are expected here Mon
day or Tuesday next.
Ex-Governor Merriam of Minnesota,
who has a considerable backing for chair
man of the convention, has written that
he will be here next Tuesday. He is at
the head of the Minnesota delegation and
a pronounced McKinley man.
The hall decjrations are of the most
elaborate character ever attemDted at any
convention and are almost complete.
DISTRIBUTION OF TICKETS.
How Seats Will Be Occupied at the St,
Louis Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June s.— Sergeant-at-
Arms Byrnes has been busy all day trying
to get in order the deluge of mail and tele
graphic applications for doorkeeper,
ushers, assistants and messengers under
his control. Mr. Byrnes has a provisional
list made up of the 600 to be appointed,
but the final selections will be made after
the committee meets here. Each National
Committeeman will receive twenty-five
tickets, the delegates three and the alter
nates two. The Grand Army of. the Re
public will also receive several hundred
tickets. The seating capacity of the hall
is about 14,000 and there will be a ticket
for every seat.
Arrangements have been made for the
seating of the press representatives, the
418 seats in the press stand being alloted
United States. The United Press and the
among the metropolitan newspapers of tbe
Chicago Associated Press have been alloted
six seats each on either side of the chair
man's desk. The papers of New York,
Chicago and St, Louis will get the greatest
number of seats each. The papers of the
principal interior cities are also taken care
of on the basis of one to two seats accord
ing to the size of the city and importance
of the paper. Each St. Louis paper will
be allowed six seats in the press stand,
but as a matter of courtesy they will
occupy the seats farthest removed from
tbe chairman's table. Country papers will
not find room in the press stand, owing to
the great demand made upon accommo
dations by the metropolitan papers.
PATTERSOA MEETS McKANKLY.
The Xetcspaper Man Says Jleett la the
Coming Vice-Preaident.
CANTON, Ohio, June s.— Among the
distinguished callers upon Major McKin
ley to-day was Hon. Robert W. Patterson
of the Chicago Tribune. Mr. Patterson,
who is delegate-at-large to the St. Louis
Republican Convention, said to a United
Press representative: "There is but one
man in the minds of the American people
for President. Illinois is for that man-
There has hitherto been some doubt as to
how many Illinois delegates will support
McKinley. Every one of the forty-oight
will be found in line on the first ballot."
"Who is your choice for Vice- President ?"
"Thomas B. Reed. He will be named as
the choice of the convention unless he does
something in tne meantime that, will actu
ally prevent it. This seems to be the feel
ing in the East and West."
WILL FAVOR "SOUND" MONEY.
Gosaip Concerning the Propoaed Repub
lican Platform-
NEW YORK, N. V., June s.— The Her
ald says this morning: The Herald has
information from the most trustworthy
source, which it cannot at this time dis
close, that the efforts of the McKinley
managers at St. Louis, so far as the plat
form is concerned, will be exerted in the
direction of having the financial plank of
the Indiana State Convention adopted.
That is the best that can be hoped for.
This plank was drawn by C. W. Fair
banks, and was approved by Harrison, so
it is a Harrison rather than a McKinley
utterance. The planu reads "as follows:
"We are firm in our demand for nouest
money. We believe that our money
should not be inferior to the money of
the most enlightened nations of the earth.
We are unalterably opposed to every
scheme that threatens to debase or de
preciate our currency. We favor the use
of silver as currency, but to the extent
only and under such regulations that its
parity with gold can be maintained, and
in consequence are opposed to the free,
unlimited and independent coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1."
The Herald correspondent at Cleveland
was told on Tuesday that there would be a
strong movement to have the financial
declaration at St. Louis follow closely the
lines of the Indiana plank. Theinfoima
tion came from friends of McKinley. That
same day a movement to have it adopted
in sound-money centers was begun, and
yesterday it was actively under way in
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Bos
ton, Pittsburg and other cities.
The banker in this city who is engaged
in passing around the Indiana plank is
well known. The plank has been shown
to at least twenty prominent busi
ness men of this city who are engaged in
the struggle to maintain the gold standard.
Each m&n has been told something like
this: "The Republicans who will control
the convention are determined to give
some sort of sound-money plank which
will satisfy the business men of the East.
Now the question is, 'What is a sound
money plank? 1 Can the Indiana plank be
called such? We want something which
will give the maximum of confidence in
the East and the minimum of offense in
the West. We naturally incline toward
sound money, but the free -silver men are
developing such strength that they must
not be smashed too hard."
This statement has not been laid before
the New York business men yet, however.
Of the twenty men who were seen in this
city all but one first suggested an amend
ment which would declare against the free
coinage of silver at any ratio. They either
wanted the plank to terminate at the word
"silver" in the last sentence or to have
added at the end "Or any other ratio." j
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JT T NE 6, 1896.
COLONEL HOOKER
CALLED TO REST,
Death of the Veteran Stage
Manager at a Ripe
Old Age.
TOOK GREELEY'S ADVICE
And Followed the Westward
March of Progress to the
Pacific Coast.
CONDUCTED VARIOUS -LINES.
But He Resisted the Encroachment of
Railroads and Predicted Their
Failure.
OMAiIA, Nebe., June s.— Colonel E. F.
Hooker died this morning in his rooms at
the Paxton Hotel, at an advanced age.
Colonel Hooker was, years ago, the su
perintendent of the old National Stage
line, with headquarters at Columbus, Ohio.
He followed the stages west and became
superintendent of the Western Stage line,
with headquarters in lowa City and Dcs
Moines. He went to lowa City in the fall
of 1855. Colonel Hooker left there and
went to the Pacific Coast, where he be
came the superintendent of the Shasta
stage line from Sacramento and San
Francisco to Portland, and with a dozen
branch lines. He left California, going to
Salt Lake, thence to Cheyenne, and later
came to Omaha as the livestock agent of
the Rock Island Railroad. There was no
man in the West better known among
stockmen than he. His advanced age,
coupled with his service, earned for him
a retirement about seven years ago.
The remains were taken on the after
noon Rock Island train to Dcs Moines,
where the interment will take place to
morrow.
Colonel Hooker was known to many of
the old-timers in California, but his posi
tion on this coast was not so conspicuous
as it had been in the Middle West. George
T. Bromley and "Baldy" Hamilton knew
him at Sacramento when he was connected
with the Shasta stages.
At Council Bluff 3D. W. Hitchcock, now
of the Union Pacific, knew Colonel Hooker
for seven years prior to 1860. Hooker
was then the general superintendent of
the Western Stage Company, with the
terminal station at the Missouri River.
Colonel Hitchcock was at that time the
agent of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail
road and the connecting line of Missouri
River steamers. He offered to the public
a route to the East which involved no rid
ing in the stagecoach, and of course took
many of the passengers irom Hooker's
stagecoaches.
Colonel Hooker's retreat before the iron
ho^se was not agreeable to his rugged na
ture. He was a firm believer in the des
tiny of the four-legged horse, and regarded
the stagecoach as a sacred institution
which in the end could not be displaced
by the new-fangled notion of rail and
steam. When the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad was opened to Wheeling, on the
Ohio, in 1852, tlius connecting directly the
Chesapeake with one of the great tribu
i taries of the Mississippi, Colonel Hooker
VETOING CLEVELAND'S VETOES.
regarded with mingled feelings of surprise
and remonstrance the vast demonstration
of the populace in honor of the event, i t.e
was not, however, convinced that the d; y
of the stagecoach was passing, bat on tie
contrary declared to a number of his oM
friends that the day would come whei
every rail would b« torn up and rcade into
horseshoes. The advance of the railroad
pushed him further and further west until
h»» reached lowa City.
For a season activity in railway exten
sion was suspended. The railroad which
was in operation to lowa City in 18.56 was
not extended to Dcs Moines until after the
war closed, so Colonel Hooker had some
years of peace and influence.
It is related of Colonel Hooker that he
kept a fairly good watch on the drivers
who would collect fares between stations
and frequently "knock down" a dollar.
Once he overheard a driver behind the
barn at Council Bluffs counting out
money.
The man was saying, "This dollar is for
the company; this dollar is mine."
Finally, after .an equal division of $6 was
made, there remained $1. The colonel was
particularly anxious to see how the driver
would dispose of it, and when the latter
appropriated it to himself the veteran
manager discharged the employe for not
giving the company a fair deal.
HUNGARY'S EXPOSITION.
Francis Joseph to I>on Relies Worn by
St Stephen.
LONDON, Enq., June 5.— A dispatch
from Buda-Pest says: The grounds of the
Hungarian Millennial Exposition were to
day thronged with visitors from all parts
of A ustro- Hungary, and many from other
European countries and the United States,
attracted by the inauguration of the cere
monies in celebration of the anniversary
of the coronation of King Francis Joseph.
The anniversary occurs on Monday next,
but the crown of St. Stephen, the purple
mantle and the sword and scepter were
placed upon exhibition in the coronation
chapel this morning.
These ancient relics were used upon the
occasion of the crowning of St. Stephen in
the year 1000. When King Francis Joseph
presides over the ceremonies on Monday
next he will wear the identical crown,
mantle and shoes in which the first King
was crowned.
Following the ceremonies the new Par
liament buildings will be opened in the
presence of both houses of the Hungarian
Legislature and Government and the
Austrian Legislature, which bodies have
been summoned to Buda- Pest for the occa
sion. A feature of the celebration will be
a grand historic paeeant, in which 25,000
people will take part and which will por
tray the life history of Hungary during
1000 years.
The exposition will continue throughout
the summer, and its close in September
will be marked by the opening of the iron
gate Vaskapu by King Francis Joseph, on
which oqpasion Europe's royalty will be
present in force. The iron gate is of great
importance to the world of commerce, as
by its means the largest ships will be
enabled to pass up the Danube. To the
American trade, particularly in cotton,
this is of great importance, because ships
will thus be enabled to sail directly to
Buda-Pest and Vienna.
It Proved a Failure.
UTICA, N. V., June s.— The tests of the
Justin projectile, which contains a charge
of dynamite designed not to explode until
striking, took place at West Vienna to-day
and proved a failure. It is claimed that
slow-burning powder had been ordered
and quick-burning powder was received.
This is too powerful for the shells.
Another test is to be made at a date fixed
by the Ordnance Board.
Conaul-General to Satnoa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— The
Senate has confirmed the nomination of.
William Churchill of New York to De Con
sul-General at Apia, Samoa.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— Tho
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $106,416,727. The
day's withdrawals were $104,500.
INSURGENTS NOW
HAVE FULL SWAY
Diseases Again Aid in the
Extermination of the
Spanish.
SMALLPOX AND FEVER.
Regular Troops Cooped Up in
Totans in the Interior of
Cuba.
THE TROCHA IS OVERFLOWED.
Patriots Who Fight Desperately for
Freedom Are Surely in Crontrol
of the Island.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 3 (via Tampa,
Fla., June 5). — The dry season of the year
can be considered practically closed b;
tbis time. Ever since the last fifteen
days it has been raining fearfully. In
Havana the rains have been periodical for
the last week, beginning at about 3 p. m.
and lasting until 6or7p. m. In the coun
try, from reports received all around, the
rainfall has been considerable. It is sala
that the Majana swamp forming the
southern section of the trocha line from
Mariel has overflowed and that the
trenches and ditches which had been made
have all disappeared.
In consequence of this state of things
the military operations at the east on the
Spanish side have come to a standstill.
All the troops are cooped np in the
towns in the interior untouched by the
rebels and the fortified cities on the coast.
Not so with the insurgents, for this is the
appropriate season for them, as it permits
them to rove unmolested through the
country, thus justifying their boast that
they are masters of the field.
As a result of the climatic change that
terrible scourge, yellow fever, has made its
appearance and, it is said, is playing
havoc to an alarming extent, particularly
with the troops.
The Government tries to hide the truth,
but somehow it manages to leaK out, al
though no accurate data can be obtained,
for no statistics are allowed to be pub
lished, still it is Known that the malady
has extended all over the island, and the
death rate is very great. In some places
as, for instance, the military line, it is
known that there are hundreds attacked
with this terrible disease, and that it is in
creasing daily in alarming proportions.
Smallpox has also made its appearance
in many towns and cities, especially in
Sancti Spiritus and Cienfuegos, in which
latter place ninety-six deaths occurred
last month, there being 136 cases now on
record.
That Weyler has failed in his Cuban
campaign is admitted by everybody, even
by the rabid Spaniards. His unfitness to
cope with the insurgents is manifested
daily. No outward demonstrations have
been made yet, but in private conversa
tions denunciations are made of his ina
bility to quell the revolution.
Spaniards are getting despondent, and
the emigration of their prominent leaders,
including Santos Guzman, is significant.
as tending to show the loss of faith in
their cause, which they now consider
doomed.
The Madrid papers have already ini
tiated a campaign against Weyler. Ah
are very bitter in their attacks, as. for
instance, La Paz recently started to defend
the autonomist solution for Cuba.
CONSUL LEE VISITS WENLER.
-Vow There la a Chance of Datoley Being
Released.
HAVANA, Cuba, June s.— Consul-
Gen eral Fitzhugh Lee visited Captain-
General Weyler to-day. The meeting was
cordial. In the course of the conversation
General Lee touched upon the case of
Dawley, the correspondent of Harper's
Weekly, who was arrested two days ago
and is now confined in Morro Castle.
General Weyler, it is said, promised that
a prompt investigation would be made
into the matter. It is believed that Daw
ley will be soon released on condition that
he leave the island.
Two dynamite cartridges have been ex
ploded under the Canas bridge, province
of Matanzas. The damage done the struc
ture was slight.
Calixto Garcia, the rebel leader, who was
last reported to be near Jiguani, is now at
Victoria de las Lunas.
Engagements at Corral, Falso and
Limonar, province of Matanzas, have re
sulted in rebel defeats. The insurgents
lost forty-eight killed. The troops lost one
killed and fourteen wounded.
The flotilla sent to the assistance of the
troops at Baracoa have succeeded in cap
turing the port of Maravi, which was in
possession of tbe rebels.
MADAGASCAR CONVERSION
Questions Relating to the New
French Colony Asked in
the Commons.
Views of the United States Are
Awaited by tbe English
Statesmen.
LONDON, Eng., June s.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Sir Charles Dilke
asked if her Majesty's Government and
the Government of the United States
would give their assent to the view that
the mere conversion of the island of Mada
gascar from a French protectorate into a
French colony puts an end to commercial
and other engagements between Great
Britain and the United States and Mada
gascar.
Right Hon. George N. Curzon, Parlia
mentary Secretary to the Foreign Office,
replied that Great Britain would give at
tentive consideration to the question.
"We are not informed of the Government
of the United States," he said, "since the
annexation of Madagascar by France."
Thomas G. Bowles, Conservative, asked
ROBERT P. PORTER.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist]
if the Government' would communicate
with the Government of the United States
in relation to the change in the status of
Madagascar, through the annexation of
that island by France.
Mr. Curzon replied : "I think it is not
unlikely that we shall shortly be in posses
sion of the views of the United States Gov
ernment upon this subject ."
M. Labouchere moved that the House
adjourn in order to force the Government
to explain its policy in the Soudan. The
entire opposition, with, the exception of
those who were members of the late Rose
bery Cabinet,- stood by and supported M.
Labouchere and a spirited debate ensued.
M. Labouchere's motion was defeated
without a division being taken.
A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treas
ury and Government leader in the House,
denied that there had been any conceal
ment of the reasons for the Soudan expe
dition. On the contrary, the Government,
he said, had been very frank in the mat
ter of disclosing their motives.
The suppression of dispatches in regard
to the expedition in the Italian green book
was exceptional, but no doubt an excuse
for it could be found in the special circum
stances with which the recent Italian ad
ministration was confronted. No confi
dential communications could proceed be
tween the powers, he declared, unless a
greater degree of discretion was observed
than that shown by the Italian Govern
ment. Certainly, he said, her Majesty's
Government would not follow their ex
ample.
Radical Silver Democrat.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June s.— The
free silver Democrats held a mass-meeting
here this evening, attended by about 500
people, considerably more than attended
the sound-money meeting a week ago.
The principal speakers were J. G. Shank
lin of Evansville an<i ex-Congressman B.
P. Shievely of South Bend. The speeches
were very radical. Resolutions were
adopted indorsing the Presidential candi
dacy of Governor Matthews on a silver
platform.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JAPAN AN ENEMY
TO OUR PRODUCTS.
Such Is the Verdict of
the Hon. Robert P.
Porter.
HER ENORMOUS EXPORTS
Japanese Syndicate to Run a New
Line of Steamships to
America.
NO AGE LIMIT FOB CHILDREN.
Comparison of the Expenses of Living
in Tbis Country and in
Japan.
Ex-Superintendent of Census Hon. Rob
ert P. Porter returned from Japan on the
steamer Peru yesterday. Mr. Porter was
in San Francisco on his way to Japan
some three months ago. He is a close
friend of Major McKinley, and came to
San Francisco in the interest of his can
didacy for the Republican Presidential
nomination as McKinley's personal repre
sentative.
His tiip to the coast at that time had
great effect in encouraging the McKinley
workers here and crystallizing the move
ment in behalf of Major McKinley
throughout the Pacific Coa3t.
Porter's fame as & statistician and an
advocate of the American protective tariff
system is worldwide. He was one of
Blame's closest friends during his lifetime.
To him is largely due the credit for the
organization of the American Protective
Tariff League, he being the chief origi
nator of the idea and the most active
worker in perfecting that association.
Porter's trip to England prior to the
Plaine campaign and his personal investi
g-ation of the condition of the iron and
s'.eel workers of England and other Eng
lith industries with relation to their bear
ing upon the condition of American labor
and American industries gave him a more
intimate practical knowledge of the opera
tions of the tariff system than any other
tariff writer in this country.
His recent trip to Japan to investigate
the industrial conditions of that country
with regard to the effect of Japanese corn-
petition upon American prosperity was a
continuation of the trips he has made to
various countries of the world in the study
of labor problems and tariff systems.
In an interview at the Palace Hotel last
evening, together with Attorney-General
Fitzgerald and ex-Judge Waymire, Porter
discoursed fluently and pleasantly of his
journey and experiences in Japan. Ha
spoke of the bright future he believes to
be in store for that nation, and paid a
glowing tribute to the intelligence, ambi
tion and uniform courtesy of the Japanese
people, placing them in rank as a nation
They All
■ "There are fads in mcd- f^ewmr*
icineas well as in other willTlU
things," said a busy drug- rj _ f^
gist, "but the most re- PdtK
markable thing about Hooa's Sarsaparilla
is that customers who try other remedies all
come back to Hood's, and this is why the
enormous sales of this ereat medicine keep
up and continue TP^% the whole year
round, steady us I \/ a clock."
"Why is it?" "Oh, simply because Hood's
Sarsaparilla has more real curative merit than
any medicine I ever sold."
■ This is of daily occurrence :in almost' every
drugstore. Hood's Sarsaparilla has cured
more sickness and made more happiness
through restoration to health than any other
medicine. ;
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the standard— the One True Blood Purifier.
,-'<■: f; t-'.' ■ ■ ■'"- -'■■ '■■'■- A
Hnrtrl'a Di|l c are the only pills to take
nOOU S PHIS Hood's SarsapariU*
- "* - . ' • i n hiii'lwihi i m l ii> hii'iiiTTifii iMWiiititi ir2
with the other leading nations of the
world.
He told of the silk and cotton mills
he visited, the condition and ways of the
people, the homes they live in and the
comforts they have and do not have, and
spoke of his experiences with the Marqim
Ito, of his evening at the Emperor's
garden party, of the form of Government,
of the religious customs and the educa
tional institutions of the Japanese.
Many of the figures he gave con
cerning Japanese manufactures, their
selling price and cost of production were
very interesting, showing the effect that
it is bound to have upon laborers and
tradesmen in the United States dealing in
similar lines of goods.
After investigating actual conditions in
Japan he deems the question of Japanese
competition one of the momentous probr
lems that the American Nation will have
to solve, but he thinks its danger lies not
so much in the present competition in the
undeveloped state of Japanese resources
as in the enormous rapidity of the growth
of the Japanese output in all lines of
manufacture which they enter.
"Do you think," said Judge Waymire,
"that with the growth of intelligence and
increase of skill iv manufacture the cost
of living will increase to any figure ap
proximating the cost of living in this
country V"
"Ti>at is a theory which I tried to fit
into the conditions there, but could not
for this reason," said Porter, "to a great
many places that I visited I was accom
panied by the son of the Chief Justice of
Japan, a gentleman living under the same
conditions as any of us. He was educated
in this country, for live years first at an
Ohio school and afterward at Harvard
College. Then he went to Heidelberg
University for three years, and one year
in Piiris. You would not deny that
a man who had gone through all this was
as good as ourselves.
"One dtty, in Kioto, he said, 'Porter,
you are a most extravagant fellow. Here
am I living under the same roof as you. I
am smoking and enjoying myself, and
I have had everything I want. You have
paid $5 for it; I have paid 75 cents. I have
had everything I want to eat served
in my room, with a man to wait
on me, while you have to eat
in a big room with a lot of people, and
have napkins and chairs and tablecloths,
mustard bottles, pepper and salt bottles
and lots of other things and separate
waiters to wait on you.' They want noth
ing but a little lacquer tray, filled only
with the things they have to eat, and two
chopsticks, a little rice, then a little saki,
with a cushion to spread down their quilt
for the night, and they are fixed.
"They are perfectly happy under this
condition. The question is, whether we
could ba happy under similar conditions.
Therefore, I consider tne problem of Japan
ese competition a very serious one, when
they are organized so they can accomplish
the same things in manufacturing that we
do. We have decided the question of com
peting in our own country with Asiatic
labor by excluding them; this is a ques
tion of competing with the Asiatics on
their own soil, in their native environ
ment.
"The whole Japanese trade, including
bullion and everything, ten years ago
amounted to $78,000,000. Last year it had
increased to $300,000,000. The exports of
textiles alone have increased from $511,
-000 to $23,000,000 ill ten years."
"W.ere do they send those goods?."
"They supply the home demand.
Formerly they botightyarn in India. Now
they do not. Some of the finer wools they
still have to buy in England. They supply
the home uernand for cotton cloth, and
also send some to England. Of course
that business can increase largely without
interfering with us.
"Last year they bought $2,500,000 worth
of American cotton. As they improve in
manufacture they produce finer yarns;
und as they make better cloth, they must
use our cotton. In order to get any por
tion of the trade that England now has
with China they must use more American
cotton.
"In view of this there was a Japanese
syndicate formed while I was there with a
capital stock of $o,(WO,000 to run a new line
of steamships lroui this country — from
Philadelphia, New York and Portland, I
Or. They hope to ship cotton from Phila
delphia, but they may start a line from I
San Diego. They must have our cotton.
"It is not a mere question of tariff, but
a question of the future. Here is a trade
increased from $78,000,000 to $300,000,000.
Textiles, $500,000 to $3,000,000. Ten years
ago they made $00,000 worth of matches
and sent very little out of Japan; last
year, $4,700,000 worth, nearly $5,0u0,000,
and all went to India. We did not receive
more than $'.'O,OOO worth.
"The point is, if in tnree or four years
they could wipe out all the European com
petition, what can they not do when they
get started this way. There are 45,000,000
people in Japan.
"The same with matting and rugs.
Ten years ago the amount was infinitesi
mally smaii — only $935 — of mattings ex
ported. Rugs were not mentioned in their
reports. Last year these two items
amounted to $7,000,000.
"Triey do this with a combination of
modern machinery and the most doci'a
labor in the world. They have no factc ?
laws and can employ children at any age.
Children work at seven, eight and nine
years of age the whole day long,
for from one to two American cents
per day. The children have very
apt little hands, and they will
twist threads around them, make Sakai
rugs and all that sort of work. They put
the matches into boxes and make the
boxes quicker than you or I or anybody
else could do it. They have girls at work
also and they do not earn more than 5
sen. They live on the same principle as
my friend.
"The relative positions of English and
American trade to Japan are illustrated
by the fact that England sold to Japan
last year $56,000,000 of products and pur
chased $7,000,000 worth, while America
bought from Japan $54,000,000 worth and
sold her only $9,000,000 worth, G% per cent
of this being our staple products.
"If we are to keep up tliis large volume
of business with them they should buy
from us, and we should make them see
it to be their interest to do it. This would
be on the line of reciprocity.
"The Japanese Government now consists
of a Parliament, which was instituted in
1890; a Diet, composed of representatives
who are elected; a House of Peers, ap
pointed by Marquis Ito— he in turn being
appointed by the Emperor — and the Cabi
net, also appointed by the Emperor. The
Diet and the House of Peers may be dis
solved, but the Government cannot be
overturned, as the Cabinet is permanent
"The elective franchise is limited to
about 600,000, out of the total; of 45,000.
-000 only those owning a certain small
amountof property voting."
i'orter spoke very highly of the Marquis
Ito, his courteous "bearing and his simple
manner of living and traveling. He also
described the costume at court receptions
in Japan. In general his opinion of the
people is very high.
HERB MARRIED IN HASTE.
Youiiy HylancT and Bis Bride Hay
i:<pent at Leisure.
NEW YORK. N. V., June s.— Andrew
R. Hyland, a young man from San Fran
cisco, and Mary Daly, the daughter of J.
W. Daly, a prominent horseman from
Mount Kisco, were married at St.
Francis Xavier's Church, in New York,
last Tuesday, and they have been in con
cealment in fear and trembling ever since.
The reason of their fear is that the
young bride's father is wrathful at the
marriage, which took place without his
consent, and the report that he is on their
trail, swearing dire vengeance, caused
them to leave the city last night. Young
Hyland is a bookkeeper, and did not have
the means to marry his employer's daugh
ter. They went to New York and had thi
knot tied and started for home, expectinj
forgiveness. They learned that the fathe
had started to find them. Where the]
will go or what they will do is left for thi
future to decide.
LOWERS THE ATLANTIC RECORD.
The St. Paul Makes the Voyage From
Southampton to New York in
Very Fast Time.
QUARANTINE, S. 1., June s.— The
American line steamer St. Paul has
succeeded in establishing a new record
between Southampton and New York. She
arrived in port this afternoon, making the
run from The Needles to Sandy Hook
lightship in 6 days 5 hours, and 32 min
utes. The New York, of the same line,
has held the record— of 6 days 7 hours and
10 minutes — since September 14, 1884.
This time was made over the short course
of 3043 knots. The trip of the St. Paul
was over the long course of 3122 knota.
Her average speed per hour was 20.82
knots.
REF. F. HERRMANS LOCATED.
The St. Louis Police Think They Can
Catch the Murderer.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June s.— Chief Harri
gan and his detectives think they have
located Rev. Francis Herrmans, the fugi
tive multi-murderer of Salt Lake. They
have not only learned positively that
Herrmans was at the Union station in
this city about May 11 but they have
traced bis movements since then, and last
night Chief Harrigan admitted that he
knows where the arch-criminal is in hid
ing. The chief sent a telegram to Chief
of Police Pratt of Salt Lake City informing
him that Herrmans bad been located and
telling him that if the Salt Lake City au
thorities would send enough money here
the St. Louis police would bring about the
fugitive criminal's' apprehension. Chief
Harrigan wishes complete silence kept in
the matter, as any information that came
to the ears of the fugitive might defeat the
ends of justice.
BUT ALONZO ONLY SMILES
Dramatic Evidence Connects
Walling With the Pearl
Bryan Murder.
Confession of the Accused Admitted
in Evidence Against Protests
of the Defense.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June s.— At the
opening of the Walling trial tnis morning
Judge Helm ruled that all of Walling's
damaging admissions, as related by Re
porter Anthony yesterday, should be ad
mitted. This decision was a blow to the
defense, for a part of the testimony ad
mitted was Waliing's confession that he
knew Pearl Bryan had been murdered.
Elizabeth Ware, the tollgate-keeper, tes
tified that on the night of the 31st of Janu
ary, about midnight, a carnage drawn by
one horse passed through the tollgate.
The driver would not stop, said she, to
pay his toll even after she had called for
him to do so.
Watchman Pat Kinney of the Grand
Central Station said that on the afternoon
of January 31 he saw Alonzo Walling and
a young woman answering Pearl Bryan's
description. The girl was weeping. She
was constantly talking to "Walling, who
seemed to turn a deaf ear to ncr en
treaties.
Kinney's identification of Walling was
intensely dramatic. Turning round to the
witness-box he pointed out Walling's red
dening face, and declared, "1 can never
forset that man nor that girl." Walling
eyed the witness and attempted to smile.
The case will probably go to the jury by
the end of next week.
SWEPT BY SEVERE STORMS.
Buildings and Crops Suffer in Many Sec
tions of lowa and Ne
braska.
ATLANTIC, lowa, June s.— At 5 o'clock
this afternoon this city was visited by a
regular waterspout, lasting half an hour,
followed by hail, some of which was ten
inches in circumference. The hail broke
the window-lights in many places. The
worst damage was done to skylights in the
I. O. O. F. building, amounting to $200.
Egbert's photograph gallery was damaged
$75 and Scott's greenhouse $1800.
' In the country garden truck was pounded
into the ground and young corn destroyed.
Bull Creefc, flowing through the heart of
the city, overflowed its banks, carrying
barns, bridges and occupied dwellings for
blocks. The occupants were finally res
cued with difficulty. The dwelling-houses
on Walnut anrt Elm streets were flooded
to a depth of three feet. The Rock Island
tracks were completely submerged, and a
large gang of men is now at work clearing
away the debris.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa. June 5.—
Missouri Valley and adjacent territory
was visited by the heaviest rain last night,
accompanied by a terrible windstorm that
developed into a cyclone.
In Grassland, a suburb, the house of Ben
Purcell was completely overturned and the
family more or less injured. At the fair
grounds the floral and machinery halls
were completely wrecked. A large portion
of the Erie-street schoolhouse roof was
blown off and Newfinder's icehouse was
crushed like egg shells. A large number
of horses and cattle are reported killed.
Telegraph wires were prostrated and the
morning trains were delayed by washouts.
The storm was the worst known in this
section of the country for many years.
LINCOLN, Nebb., June s.— threatening
storm clouds which hung over Lincoln
nearly all of last night did damage some
miles from the city. On the farm of G.
B. Garlock, the wind, blowing almost
at the hurricane stage, dipped and tore to
pieces a grove of trees. Nearly all were
uprooteu or blown down. On the farm of
ex-Sheriff Ensign outbuildings were de
molished. The wind blew hard in this
city, but no damage was done. There was
a heavy fall of rain and hail.
Reports from Northeastern Nebraska
tell of a terrific storm of wind and rain.
In Stanton County barns, schoolhouses*
and one large country church were torn to
pieces. Much farm machinery and other
personal . property was destroyed. The
wind was even more violent in Thurston
County, developing almost into a tornado.
Several residences were ■ badly damaged,
barns leveled and stock killed. So far as
known no lives were lost. One boy wa3
injured.
JII cade's Statue Unveiled.
GETTYSBURG, Pa., June s.— The
equestrian statue erected by the State of
Pennsylvania in honor of the memory of
General George E. Meade.commanding the
Army of the Potomac, was unveiled this
morning in the presence of a large num
ber of distinguished military officers and
civilians.
Killed by Poisoned Arrows.
PARIS, Fbance, June s.— The Govern
ment is in receipt of information that the
French expedition which recently left
Salaga, en route for the Niger, was
routed by the natives. Three Europeans
and many natives belonging to the ex
pedition were killed by poisoned arrows.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
MORGA YET IN
WARLIKE MOOD,
Insists Upon Sending War
Vessels to Cuba to Aid
Americans.
PROTECTION DEMANDED.
Imprisoned Members of the Crew
of the Competitor Should
Be Released.
ARGUED IN SECRET SESSION.
But the Resolution Is Placed on the
Calendar and There It May
Remain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— The
resolution offered last Tuesday by Mor
gan of Alabama requiring the President
to communicate to the Senate all facts
and proceedings relative to the trial by
court-martial, sentence and imprisonment
of citizens of the United States who were
captured on board the American vessel
Competitor in Cuban waters, was taken up
in the Senate to-day and its adoption
urged by Morgan. The resolution omitted
the usual phrase, "if not incompatible
with the public interests," and was based
upon section 2001 of tlie Revised Statutes,
which makes it the duty of the President,
whenever any citizen of the United States
has been unjustly deprived of his liberty
by any foreign Government, to demand
forthwith the reasons for such imprison
ment; to demand the release of such citi
zen if bis imprisonment is wrongful; to
use such means, not amounting to acts of
war, as he may think necessary and
proper to effectuate the release and to
communicate all charges and proceedings
to Congress as soon as practicable.
Morgan was very emphatic in express
ing his views. He considered it absolutely
necessary before Congress adjourns to aid
the President in sending ships of war to
Cuba to secure the release of those Ameri
can prisoners. He was so earnest in this
and other declarations of a like character
and the matter itself was such a serious
international one that Sherman of Ohio,
chairman of the Committee on Foreien
Relations, suggested that the debate should
not be continued in open session. The
galleries were accordingly cleared, the
doors closed and* Morgan finished his
speech in secret session.
He spoke until the morning hour ar
rived, and then, under the rules, the reso
lution went to the calendar, from wnich it
cannot be taken up without a majority
vote of the Senate.
At the close of Morgan's speech Sher
man said the subject was one which should
not be debated in public, and he moved
that the galleries be cleared. That motion
was agreed to, the galleries were cleared
and the doors closed, and the debate was
continued in secret session. In the secret
session Morgan appealed to the Senate to
pass his resolution looking to the bellig
erency of the insurgents, and to take such
steps as would protect American citizens
on that island.
During the course of the discussion
Sherman and Lodge, who had waited
upon the President as a sub-committee of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, in
formed the Senate that the only question
now was tfae protection of American cit
izens. Without stating what the Presi
dent had to Bay, they both agreed that
that matter should be left in the hands of
the President, especially in view of the
lateness of the hour and the impossibility
of framing legislation between now and
adjournment. When Congress again met
would be ample time, they said, to take
up the subject again.
The doors were reopened at 1:05 and an
effort was made by Lodge (R.) of Massa
chusetts to Have the immigration bill
taken up, but it was evident that the
Cuban question had not been definitely
settled in tue secret session, for there was
a motion to allow Morgan to continue his
remarks. That motion again provoked a
demand to have the galleries cleared and
the doors closed. That demand was en
forced and the Senate again went into se
cret session.
In secret session the Morgan resolution
was ordered to be placed on the calendar,
so that it cannot be taken up again unless
a majority of the Senate shall vote to take
it up.
After the doors were opened for the sec
ond time the 'immigration bill was taken
up, Lodge having stipulated that he would
not ask for a vote on the bill before Mon
day next.
The immigration bill was laid aside tem
porarily in order to permit Mitchell (R.)
jf Oregon to address the Senate on his
joint resolution for a constitutional amend-
ment for the election of Senators by the
people instead of by the Legislatures. He
said, however, that he could not ask action
upon it until next session.
The proposed reform was also advocated
by Perkins (R.) of California.
Aldrich (R.) of Rhode Island at 3:35 p. m.
offered in the Senate a resolution provid
ing for the final adjournment of Congress
on Monday next. He stated that the ap
propriation bills would probably be
through by that time, and certainly Tues
day.
AS RELATED BY LAWRENCE.
The Correspondent Tells About the Court-
Martlnl of the Competitor's Men,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 5.-The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
this afternoon removed the injunction of
secrecy from the testimony in relation to
Cuban affairs of Frederick W. Lawrence
and Rev. A. J. Diaz. Lawrence, referring
to the arrest of Alfred Laborde and Milton,
who were on the Competitor, said tbat so
far as the testimouy of the men who cap
tured them before the court-martial went,
it showed that neither of the mon had
arms upon their persons. From an Amer
ican point of view, tiiese prisoners were
not assisted by counsel, but from a Span
ish point of view they had counsel. This
counsel consisted of a lieutenant in the
navy, who asked questions and who cross
examined no witnesses. No witnesses
were produced but Captain Butron and
the other officers of the Mensajerra. This
lieutenant asked for cl emency for Laborde
on account of the illustrious place his
name had borne in the Spanish navy, and
for Milton because he was not there for
the purpose of fignting, but merely on his
business as a newspaper correspondent.
The men were even asked if they had
anything to say in the Spanish language.
William Gildea, the last of the five men
tried together, replied to the interpreter:
'All I have to say is that I do not under
stand onp word that has been said for me
or against me, and at aDy rate I appeal to
both the British and American consuls."
The court made its finding within fifteen
minutes after Gildea made this statement.
Before the trial Gildea made a statement
that he was a poor sailor and went on
board the Competitor, thinking she was
bound for Sable Keys fishing, and that he
knew nothing of the nature of the busi
ness until after it started. Laborde stated
that his ship had been hired to do fishing,
but that he was held up by a revolver and
ordered to go to Cuba.
Witness also saw Dygert, who was im
prisoned at Guines with twenty-two others
in a room net larger than sixteen by eigh
teen feet. The food given him was eze
crable. and all the time he was confined
he was not permitted to change his
clothes. Dygert was not released until
one month after Marquis Palmerola told
Lawrence that the Government knew he
wa3 innocent.
INDUSTRIAL VERSION.
It Is Recommended for the Inmates of
Soldiers' Home*.
CEDAR RAPIDS, Mich., June 5.— A1l
minor sections on the programme this
morning for 9 o'clock in connection with
the Twenty-third National Conference of
Charities and Corrections were postponed
for the general session at 11 o'clock on
"Soldiers' Homes." Hon. C. E. Faulkner
of Atchison, Kans., presented the report of
the committee and asked especial consid
eration |of the conference for the loss of
individuality, independence and self-es
teem. He suggested industrial diversion
as the most plausible scheme.
This afternoon at 2:30 o'clock the section
of juvenile reformatories began its work
promptly and the other sections on chronic
insane, poor, soldiers' and sailors' homes
and child-saving work were organized at 3
o'clock.
The general session in the evening con
sidered "The Merit System in Public In
stitutions," at which Hon. Philip C. Gar
rett of Philadelphia presided as chairman.
SENATOR GEAR IS BEATEN
Abandons His Intention of Forc
ing Consideration of the
Funding Bill.
No Hrpa for the Passage of the Meas
ure During the Short Session
of Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— Senator
Gear has abandoned his intention of ask
ing a vote on his motion setting the eighth
legislative day of the next session for con
sideration of the funding bill.
Gear told Senator White and others to
day that he would not press his motion,
so it is hoped the last has been heard of
the funding bill for this session.
Judge Maguire is of the opinion that it
cannot pass at the short session, for it
could hardly be reached before January,
and the determined handful of Senators
who oppose the bill could discuss the
measure for weeks and prevent a vote, as
there is no rule in the Senate to limit de
bate.
Senator Morgan to-day explained to a
brother Senator his action in supporting
Gear's motion of yesterday, setting a day
for consideration of the bill next session.
He said he was confident the bill would
be beaten, and he was anxious that it
should be brought to a vote and knocked
out, so that the Senate might adopt his
own bill, providing tbat the matter be set
tled in courts cf the District of Columbia,
and foreclosure made on the property of
the two companies.
LEE RE-ELECTED PRESIDENT.
The Travelers' Protective Association
Concludes Its Session.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., June s.— The
Travelers' Protective Association ad
journed to-day after making a number of
amendments to the constitution and
electing officers. The principal amend
ment was to give the National officers the
authority to levy a special assessment
when the financial conditions of the order
made it necessary. During the past two
years the indemnity benefits had increased
irom $24,000 to $57,000, whereas the receipts
had increased but $10,000. The following
ollicers were elected:
John A. Lee ol Missouri, president;
Joseph Wallerstein of Virginia, first vice
president; W. H. Ileei'ard of Chicago,
second vice-president; L. C- Cardinal of
Alabama, third vice-president; George F.
Burcbard of Little Rock, fourth vice-presi
dent; Alex Kurze of Portland, Or., fifth
vice-president.
The next convention will be held in
Nashville. Omaha put in an application
for the convention in 1898.
SHOD FAMOUS HORSES.
Death of John Reid, a Blacksmith With
a Record.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 5. -John
Reid for many years a blacksmith at
Forty-fourth street and Broadway, died at
his home, 348 Lennox avenue, on Tuesday.
He was considered such a master at his
trade that the most famous trotting horses
were shipped from long distances to his
shop to be shod. Jay Eye See, Goldsmith
Maid, General Butler and others were
regularly sent to him.
He was 83 years old at the time of his
death. He was born in Cork, Ireland, of
Scotch parents. He enlisted while a young
man, while in England in the famous
Ninth Royal Lancers as farrier major. He
went through the East India campaign of
1841-43, during which the Ameer of Scriele
was defoated at Hyderabad, and in which
Mr. Reid greatly distinguished himself.
He came to New York in 1855 and engaged
in the horseshoeing business. His family
hold medals and other tokens of honor
conferred upon him during his service in
India. He leaves a widow and eight liv
ing children, who are all residents of this
city.
HONESTY IS REWARDED.
Six Thousand Dollars Worth of Jewelry
Pound by a Chambermaid.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6.— Mrs-
Frank BartUmea, wife of a wealthy Chi
cago brewer, sailed for England on May
28. The night before she stayed at the
Naiglish Hotel, Hoboken. Shortly after
her departure Emilie Mueller, a chamber
maid of the hotel, turned up the mattress
of the bed and discovered beaeath it a
white skirt in which were wrapped jewelry
and diamonds to the value of $6000. The
girl promptly took the valuables down to
the manager of the hotel and he tent a
cablegram to await the arrival of the ship,
apprising Mrs. Bartolmea of the valuable
find. Mrs. Bartolmea cabled back yester
day ordering that the chambermaid should
receive $200 reward for her honesty. The
brewer's wife had forgotten her jewels in
the hurry of her departure.
Buried by a Landslide.
HOT SPRINGS, S. Dak., June 5.— A
landslide to-day at the power-house used
for the generating of electricity for the
incandescent-light system almost com
pletely destroyed the plant, burying the
dynamo and the building in which it is
located. The loss was $3000. All the work
men escaped. Ik will require two months
to repair the damage.
TWO DEMOCRATS
ARE UNSEATED,
Record of the Republicans
in the 51st Congress
Equaled.
PAYNE'S NEW RULING.
Vacant Seats Do Not Prevent the
Speaker Pro Tern. Count
ing a Quorum.
PROTESTS ABE NOT HEEDED.
So the Democratic Strength in the
House Is Reduced to Nine
ty-Five.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— The
record made by the Republicans in the
Fifty-first Congress was equaled to-day in
one regard, and in another Speaker pro
tern. Payne (R.) of New York established
an entirely new one. As on the famous
occasion in that Congress when two Dem
ocrats—Venable and Elliott— were un
seated at one session, so to-day two Demo
crats were voted out of their seats and
their places filled by their opponents at
the Congressional election in 1894. As on
that occasion also the Democrats sought
to prevent action, abandoning their
j places on the floor so as to break a
quorum. This was in the case of Martin
(Pop.) vs. Lockhart (D.) from the Sixth
District of North Carolina, which was dis
cussed yesterday. Upon a preliminary
vote the Democrats, after voting, left
their seats, only half a dozen remaining.
Subsequently when Bailey (D.) of Texas,
who was in charge of the minority inter
ests, made a point of no quorum, pointing
to the vacant seats as evidence of tbe fact,
Speaker pro tern. Payne overruled the
point, holding that on the last recorded
vote more than a quorum had answered to
their names, and declined to entertain an
appeal from his decision. He declared
that the resolution of the committee that
Martin was entitled to his seat had been
adopted by a vote of 113 ayes to 5 noes,
and Martin was sworn in.
This was followed by the consideration
of the report of Elections Committee No. 1
npon the contest of Rinaker vs. Downing
froni the Sixteenth Illinois District, which
had been sent back to the committee for a
recount of the ballots. This recount was
completed yesterday, and to-day Moody
(R.) of Massachusetts, in charge of the
case, reported a resolution declaring Ri
naker entitled to the seat by a plurality of
five. Upon the face of the returns Down
ing had a plurality of forty and receired
the certificate of election. Moody stated
that in his opinion Downing was entitled
to retain bis seat, but bis view of the law
was not accepted by the other Republican
members of the committee, and he frankly
confessed that he did not expect the
House to adopt his opinion.
McMillan (D.) of Tennessee endeav
vored to secure a postponement, but
failed. He did succeed, however, in con
sequence of a colloquy between himself
and General Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio, in
bringing about the most violent and dis
orderly scene of this Congress, being de
clared out of order and compelled to take
his seat by the Speaker pro tern., and cer
tain remarks which could not be under
stood at the desk in the confusion bein*g
ordered stricken from the record. General
Rinaker's right to the neat was affirmed by
a vote of 167 to 51. This wiped out the
Democratic membership in the Illinois
delegation and reduced the Democratic
strength in the House to 95.
The day began with a two hours' struggle
over the adoption of a resolution intro
duced by Grosvenor calling upon the
heads of the several executive depart
ments for a statement in detail of all the
removals and cbangen in their depart
ments since March 4, 1893. The Demo
crats endeavored to have the scope of the
resolution enlarged so as to include the
changes made under the Harrison admin
istration, but failed.
At 4:55 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow, the evening pension ses
sion being dispensed with.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio called up the
resolution reported from the Committee
on Civil Service directing the heads of the
several executive departments to report to
Congress the number and personnel of
the changes in the clerical force since
March 4, 1893. Much amusement was
created by a colloquy between Grosvenor
and Dockery over the effort of the latter
o have the resolution amended so as to
the scope of the resolution over
tne Harrison administration.
"In its present Bhape," said Pockery,
"the resolution of the gentleman is open
. IW. .
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER, \.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ : Of j^ce^c^i^CAl^M^
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that . Royal Councillor M D Protestor of
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs.- ■ j fut^fuZ'ctZ&lJi&t
(Ministry 0/ Agricvlturt), Buda Pest.
t — .
APPROVED BY THE ACAD^MIE DE MEDECINE, PAEIS.
Prices 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle; •
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agent*
of • /., :>■':'
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED:
to the suspicion of being partisan in its
nature. It was said that in the Harrison
administration the civil service law was
suspended in order to dismiss 1700 em
ployes of the mail service. This is the
suggestion made by the wicked Democrat
from Tennessee (McMillin), and the oppor
tunity should be offered to vindicate the
Harrison administration from that asper
sion."
Grosvenor agreed tbat Dockery had cor
rectly designated McMillin as a wicked
Democrat, but insisted that Dockery'g
amendment should be kept by itself. "It
has merit," remarked Grosvenor, "but I
prefer that the pristine purity of my reso
tion be not disturbed. 1 '
The Democrats opposed the passage of
the resolution and secured a vote by ayes
and noes. It resulted: Ayes 170, noes 53.
Dockery then sought to secure his de
sired end by moving to recommit the reso
lution with instructions to make it cover
the removals and changes in the Harrison
administration. Lost. The resolution
was then agreed to— ayes 147, noes 48.
Strode (R.) of Nebraska demanded the
previous question, the resolution declar
ing Martin (Pop.) entitled to the seat oc
cupied by Lockhart (D.), from the Sixth
North Carolina District, which was con
sidered yesterday. It was ordered, and
Bailey (D.) of Texas moved to substitute
the resolution of the minority of the Elec
tions Committee No. 2, declaring Lockhart
entitled to his seat. It was defeated— sß
to 155.
Bailey moved to recommit the case to
the Elections Committee. On this the
House divided— ayes 39, noes 70.
"No quorum," said Bailey.
Speaker pro tern. (Payne)— The chair
overrules the point, 213 members having
just voted.
Bailey— l appeal from the decision of the
chair.
The Speaker pro tern. —The chair declines
to entertain the appeal. [Republican ap
plause.]
Amid considerable confusion the Speaker
pro tern .was proceeding to put the question
to the House on the adoption of the reso
lution of the majority of the committee to
seat Martin, against which Bailey vigor
ously protested. He demanded the ayes
and noes on the question of recommitting
the case, to which the Spfeaker pro tern. re
plied that he thought the demand came
too late.
'I was on my feet," retorted Bailey, "to
demand the ayes and noes, when I was in
terrupted by this Republican applause of &
Republican Speaker for his refusal to re
spect the constitutional rights of a mem
ber." [Democratic applause.]
The ayes and noes were ordered on the
question of recommitting the caae, result
ing: Ayeß 51, noes 148.
While this vote was in progress the
Democratic members vacated their seats
for the purpose of breaking a quorum,
leaving Bailey in charge of the case for
the minority and two or three associates
on guard.
The question was then put on the reso
lution declaring Martin entitled to the
seat and the vote was announced— ayes
113, noes 5.
"No quorum," blandly suggested Bailey.
"The chair overrules the point," prompt
ly responded Speaker (pro tern.) Payne.
"But Mr. Speaker," said Bailey, non
plused by this attitude and ruling, "t: c
vacant seats on this side testify to the fact
that there is no quorum present. I appeal
from the decision of the chair."
The Speaker pro tern. —The chair de
clines to entertain the appeal.
Strode moved to reconsider the last vote
and to lay that motion on the table, but in
case it might lead to a division and there
fore a formal and official ascertainment of
the fact that a quorum was not present
withdrew it.
"I renew the motion, Mr". Speaker,"
said Bailey.
This would have developed the absence
of a quorum if permitted to take the usual
course, but before a division could be
asked on the question Grow (R.) of Penn
sylvania demanded the ayes and noes, but
under Republican suggestion withdrew the
demand.
"I renew it," hastily said Bailey, but he
had lost bis chance, for he could not mus
ter strength enough to second his demand
and the motion to reconsider and to lay
that on the table was agreed to.
Martin appeared and was sworn in by
Speaker pro tern. Payne.
At the request of Mercer (R.) of Nebras
ka the bill appropriating $200,000 to the
Omaha Exposition, when the citizens
shall have raised $250,000, was read, and it
was a long bill, and unanimous consent
asked for its consideration.
Members were not surprised to see Kera
(Pop.) of Nebraska rise in his place and
with evident feeling remark: '"The gen
tleman from Nebraska (Kern) objects."
Moody (R.) of Massachusetts presented
the report of Elections Committee 1
upon the count of ballots cast in the Six
teenth Illinois District, ordered by the
House in the contested case of John I.
Rinaker (R.) vs. Finis E. Downing (D.).
McMillin (D.) of Tennessee endeavored
to secure delay cf action upon the report
•'for a reasonable time, say until to-mor
row."
An inquiry by Grosvenor at this junc
ture precipitated the most violent and dis
orderly scene of the session.
"In view of what we have seen here to
day can the gentleman from Tennessee
assure us of the presence of a quorum at
tnis time?"
McMillin rushed furiously down the
aisle and shouted: "Whenever there is
NEW TO-DAT.
any dirty work to do in a cantested elec
tion ca?e the gentleman from Ohio can be
depended on to furnish a quorum."
Moody here interposed and, impressively
raising his hand, said: "As one who has
stood by the contestee in this case
throughout and expects to vote for him to
retain his feat, I most earnestly deplore
that remark by the gentleman from Ten
nessee. [Applause.] I ask for the pre
vious question."
McMillin started to make some response,
but his voice was almost drowneo by cries
of "Regular order" by the Republicans
and the pounding of the gavel.
Partial quiet being restored, Grosvenor
started the racket afresh. "The gentle
man from Tennessee," he said, "has been
pointing his ringer at me and ejaculating
something I could not understand what.
If I am entitled to know what it Is from
the reporter's notes, I should like to be in
formed so that I may answer it. If not, I
ask that the reporters be requested to oniit
his remarks."
McMillin bounded down the aisle at
this accompanied by shouts and cries
from the Republicans, who thereby en
deavored to acquaint Grosvenor with their
opinion that he ought nut to pay any at
tention to McMillin's outburst, * and by
renewed vigorous poundine on the desk
by the Speaker pro tern. the latter (Payne)
stated that the remarks by McMillin were
out of order and would not be preserved
in the record.
Against this McMillin vehemently pro
tested, unless Grosverner's question, which
tie. denounced as a reflection upon him
self, was also expunged.
Quiet having again been restored, the
previous question was ordered by a vote of
164 to 57. McMillin moved to reconsider
the report and resolution. Lost.
On the adoption of the resolution seat
ing General Rinaker the vote was ayes
167. noes 51, and General Rinaker waa
sworn in. ■
MET DEATH SURLEY.
Joseph irindrath Jfid M&t Show Fear on
the Qallows.
CHICAGO, 111., June 5. — After being
once respited in order that the question of
his mental condition might be passed upon
by a special jury, with the result that he
was found sane, Joseph Windrath, mur
derer, was hanged in tne County Jail this
afternoon. The drop fell at 12:01. The
preliminaries on the scaffold took but two
minutes. To his attorney this morning
Wirdrath reiterated his innocence.
When on tue scaffold the doomed man
had absolutely nothing to say. He showed
no sis-n-s of nervousness, and while the
deputies were pinioning his arms he stared
straight ahead and made no movement of
any kina. He had previously boasted that
he would meet death like a brave man.
To Be an Officer's Bride.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 5.-A Journal
special from Washington say 9: Quite a
surprise to fashionable circles was the an
nouncement yesterday that Mrs. Letitia
Scott, neice of Mrs. Adlai Stevenson, will
be married <|n Thursday of next week to
Lieutenant Charles Bromwell of the
United States Engineer Corps. The wed
ding will be a quiet one, taking place at the
beautiful mansion of the bride's mother
in this city. Miss Scott is a tall and gr»c^
ful brunette, and is one of the must popu
lar girls in Washington society. The cere
mony will be strictly private, only the in
timate friends of the family being present,
but Mr. Stevenson will give her away.
Stole Valuable liullion.
PERTH AM BOY, N. J., June s.— Albert
J. Anderson, whose real name is thought
to be David Fregleia, was arrested uere
Wednesday niiibt on a charge of grand lar
ceny. Fregleia i 9 accused of having robbed
his empJoyers. the GuarKenbefmer smelt
ing Company of New Yoik and Mexico, of
gold and sliver bullion to the value of
thousands of dollars.
NEW TO-SAT.
Thick and thin are all spitted on the «
same stick by the ordinary clothier. His
clothing perfectly fits EVERYBODY.
Ours don't— but we have sizes to lit all.
Special sale of big men's suits this week;
200 to 500 pounds— the men, not the suits.
$7 50 to $15. Necessary alterations free.
-1000 regular size all-wool Suits and
nobby well-made Overcoats must go this
week at $10.
<gQ X A Men's all-wool pants,
<PO.O\J, worth $5 an $&
The Only Clothing Mail Order House.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR, gAILiJa.
THE BUILDINGS, GROUNDS AND APPA-
J- ratU3 of Xana College. 1-our acres of land,
three large buildings and two small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc., are offered at a. bargain.
Buildings are sultabie for school, sanitarium,
orphanage or hotel. Apply to
B. E. HoLD EN or L. J. NORTON, Napa.
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co.,
■■■;":■ ' San Francisco.
§J $■ 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- OF MEN, INPLrD-
inif all forms of I'.iood. Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over2o years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30
"■evening*. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation
sacredly confidential. Call or address
JP. ROSCOE BICSTITI.TY. n. »..
36.: Kcain. Street, Nun Francisco, Cal.
jj^^vi, FIFTY-DOLLAR
|PaiteMECTR!C BELTS
K^tS^JSJ? I—s»f^1 — 5»f^ V OR •'-' 5: * 40 BELTS
I^^^lni^l^^r " for * 2 °. ana * 3 ° B(j it»
'^^^^ *-tortls; also good belts for
> . *«ff* r* * 5 - 1 - B test jiateut and all
■I r -CjISP-JT Improvements. Kg". Call
t i£jLl> or write for new pamphlet
■■W No. 2. Address DR.
PIERCE <& SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. i
PChfcheatcr'* EacUak Diamond Hru&
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<J»^V Original »nd Only Oen cine. A
■fit lTVv\ Drui|gl«t for'Oiicktster'it utoics tak S\ "'
- AJI. wift Drungist for Chlcheiler'n Bnalith Dta- JlA\
ffl%ji?&2<&m(»ui£rand la Red »nd Gold m«ulii<j\xjQ>
j3k —^wjnboxei. acalsd with blue ribbon. Take XSj'
-I*l #^ Wvjuo other. Rtpue danr,trowt Mubitim. V
. I / ..*"■- fjftianM and imitations. A: Drnggiiti, or 1*111) ««.
I*• JF in »Umpf for particular!, te«tiiaoni«J« anil
\ V Jv "RaUrf for Ladle*," in Uttv, br ..<-..
-V AT MalL 10,000 T«iUmoni.li. A'am. /"oo?
i
i Mkl to Local DruuliM, **«ilid."V.i*2CLIQUES DARKEN
KOREA'S FUTURE
Japan and Russia Have Not
Yet Arrived at an
Entente.
THREE DISPUTED POINTS
Mooted Questions of Right That
Are Very Far From Proper
Settlement.
ANTI-FOEEIGN RIOTS IN CHINA
Celestials Who Grasp Every Oppor
tunity to Show Their Hatred of
the White Race.
TOKIO, Japak, May 26.— The announce
ment that Russia and Japan had arrived
at an entente with regard to the preserva
tion of order in Korea proven to have been
premature. Pour-parlers have taken place
and are still taking place, but no definite
understanding has yet been reached. The
points under discussion are three: First,
the return of the King to his own palace,
his continued residence in the Russian
legation having become ridiculous side by
side with any pretense of independent
sovereignty'; secondly, the stationing of
foreign troops in the Korean capital,
which question involves, of course, the
withdrawal or continued presence of one
or both of the forces, Russian and Jap
anese, now quartered there; and thirdly,
the disposal of the line of telegraph be
tween Seoul and Fusan.
As to the third point, It is to be noted
that the Seoul-Fusan telegraph was con
structed by the Japanese at their own ex
pense, and is acknowledged by Korea to be
absolutely their property. But the diffi
culty is that whenever disorders occur in
the districts through which the line
passes the rioters make it their first busi
ness to cut the wires, and Japan is conse
quently obligpd to station parties of gen
darmes or soldiers at intervals throughout
the whole distance. Were she in a posi
tion to institute thorough reforms of the
Korean administration the telegraph
would not demand such irksome and
costly protection : it might be left in
charge of local authorities. But that does
not serm possible at present, and the
problem is: Must Japanese troops remain
in Korea merely to puard "the line of tele
graph, or should the latter be placed
under Korean protection, with the cer
tainsy that no messages could be trans
milted in times of crisis?
The general auestion of keeping Japan
nd Russian troops in Seoul is equally
perplexing, for neither power can easily
consent to abandon the field to the other,
and while the pressure of both forces
might lead to complications, the absence
oi both would imperil the safety of the
_Mi residents. The whole problem
presents difficulties exceedingly difficult
to dispose of.
The silk and tea producing districts of
of Japan have been visited by heavy frosts,
a most unprecedented phenomenon in the
month of May, and the result is reported
to have impaired the mulberry trees and
teaplants to the extent of som« 30 or 40
• ut of their average yield.
The Japanese Government has issued
an ordinance forbidding any Japanese sub
ject, other than officials or persons under
tlMcial orders, to visit Korea without
special permission. Competence to enact
urgency laVs without reference to the
Diet is vested in the Mikado, provided
that the post-facto approval of the houses
be sought in their next session. A similar
ordinance was promulgated last year, but
after its provisions had been enforced lor
s me months, it was rescinded owing to
the Diet's refusal to indorse it. Its reissue
within two months of the Diet's proroga
tion has consequently caused some excite
ment, but the incident simply illustrates a
fact already clearly established, namely,
that the Japanese Diet sets the principle
of personal liberty a hove the exigencies of
practical statesmanship. There are un
doubtedly evidences of renewed political
troubles in Korea at present, and If Jap
anese adventurers were allowed to flock
thither without restraint, they would prob
ably help to foment disorder and might
gravely compromise Japan, whose great
object is to avoid all complications, pend
ing a clear entente with Russia.
Hoshi Toru, the newly appointed Japan
ese representative to the United States, has
just made a speech to his constituents, in
which the following words occur: "T.ie
first country that showed herself read}- to
prant us a treaty on terms of equality in
lieu of the unequal treaty that had been in
operation since 1858 was the United States.
Thus that America has shown herself
eminently friendly to Japan is unquestion
able. It Is further undeniable thatshe has
always treated us with perfect fairness. It
will be my duty as Japanese representa
tive in Washington to sliow to the Ameri
cans the sentiments entertained by Japan
toward them.'
An Imperial Princess was born in Tokio
on May 11 and has received the name of
Toshi-ko, her title being Yasu-no-miya.
The Emperor has* now three daughters
and one son alive out of thirteen children,
four Princes and nine Princesses. His
Majesty is in his 44th. year.
The captain (Harrosswitz) and doctor
of a German vessel, the Hohenzollern, be
longing to the North German Lloyd Com
pany, were arrested in Hongkong on the
2d of May and charged with trespassing
on Stonecutters island and taking photo
grapns of the forts. They were sentenced
at lirst to three months' imprisonment
with hard labor, Out ultimately the sen
tence, was commuted to a fine of 100 y^n.
The people in Chengtu seem to have
been on the verge of another anti-foreign
A crazy man declared that he had j
with his own eyi-s seen the missionaries
eating a child. Of course this wild state
ment was credited, and had not the magis
trate speedily caused the man to be j
brought to the Yamen, where proclama- j
tion was made next day of his insanity, it j
is very possible ttiat grave trouble might
have nri^en. Intelligence is also pub
li-hed of two travelers from Chungking
«toned as they were attempting to
enter their boat in a market town under
the Chengtu jurisdiction.
They had to take refuge in a teashop,
where the mob kepi them imprisoned' for
three hours, but their unpleasant experi
ence waa -treated by the local officials as a
mere jest. It ia believed that the positive
measures adopted in the sequel of the for
jzechuan disturbances were not sutri
ciently marked, as the only real suff rer '
\v;tv the Viceroy, who had already become j
universally unpopular.
It is reported from Korea that 3000 stand
of rifles, together with a large quantity of
ammunition, reached Seoul on May 9. The
arms are said to have been previously in
use by Russian soldiers in Siberia. Korea
am in a disturbed conditien. Mobs
have assenmled in various districts of two
provinces, their ostensible grievance being
the King's continued residence in a for
eign -legation.
• French capitalists have applied to the
Korean Government for a charter to build
a railway from Wiju, on the Yalu River,
to Fusan, on the south coast; in other
words, a railway running from the north
to the south of the peninsula, via Seoul.
The Japanese are much disturbed by the
news, as it was hoped that the Seoul-Fusan
line, at any rate, would be built by Japa
nese enterprise.
Tonkin is suffering from a terrible fam
ine. Last year the rainfall was so meager
that this year's harvest is a failure, and as
the Annamites are improvident folk, liv
ing from hand to mouthy their distress
now is very great. Parents are selling
their children for a few cents, and pillage
is rife. The French Governor-General has
taken some steps to alleviate the misery,
but the resources at his command seem
quite inadequate. Should cholera be su
peradded to famine, as seems not improb
able, the calamity will assume appalling
dimensions.
The officer in command of the British
gunboat Pigmy, Lieutenant-Commander
Henry Adair, committed suicide en the
morning of May 18 while the vessel was
lying in Yokohama harbor. Evidence
given at the inquest showed that the res
ponsibilities of his command had so preyed
on his uind as to tinhinge his reason. On
the previous day he obtained a service re
volver and ammunition from the gunner,
and with the weapon he shot himself at
5 a. m., the bullet passing into the temple
in front of the right ear and out behind
the left ear. Death ensued in three hours.
Another case of bubonic plague has been
brought over-sea to Japan. The O. <fc O.
steamer Coptic, which reached Nagasaki
on the 18th inst., was found to have on
board a Chinaman suffering from the
plague. He was taken to the quarantine
station and died the same day. The ship
carried thirty-three Western and 530
Chinese passengers.
The Osaka City Assembly has decided to
reconstruct Osaka harbor at a cost of
twelve million yen. It is expected that
the work will be completed in eight years.
I Osaka is unquestionably destined to be the
commercial capital of Japan.
Two Siste:s of Alercy have died of the
plague in Hongkong, and complaints are
again being raised about the insufficiency
of the Government's preventive measures.
PROFITABLE RAILROADING
Report of the Condition of the
Chicago and North
western.
Dividends of Seven Per Cent Will
Be Paid on Preferred
Stock.
CHICAGO, 111., June s.— The thirty
seventh annual meeting of the Chicago
I and Northwestern Railway stockholders
: was held here yesterday. Oliver Ames of
Boston, M. L. Sykesand H. McK.Twombley
of New York, Zenas Crane of Dalton,
Mass., and D. P. Kimball of Boston were
j among the notable stockholders who at
i tended from outside of Chicago. The fol
lowing were chosen directors for three
years: Byron L. Smith, Cyrus H. Mc-
Cormick, F. W. Vanderbilt, W. K. Van
derbilt, H. McK. Twombley and John I.
Blair.
The officers elected were: Chairman of
the board, Albert Keep; president, Marvin
Hughitt; vice-president, treasurer and
j secretary, M. L. Sykes, New York; assist-
I ant secretaries and treasurers, S. O. Howe,
' J. B. Redfield of Chicago. Following are
i the new executive committee: Messrs.
Hughitt, H. McK. Twombley, Chauncey
M. Depew, Samuel F. Barger, David P.
Kimball, W. K. VanderbUt, James C.
Fareo and Albert Keep.
Gross earnings for the year ending May
31 (last month being estimated) were $33,
-4;,6.344; expenditures, $28,328,545; net re
! ceipts, $5,107,798; income from invest
] ments, $257,909; total net income, $5,365,
-707; dividends. 7 per cent on preferred
; stock, $1,563,975; 6 per cent on common
stock, $1,953,082 ; surplus, $1,848,649.
This report of profitable railroad opera
; tion does not include receipts from lands
i sold. Dividends of 1% per cent on the
' preferred stock and 2% per cent on the
, common stuck were declared by the direc
tors, payable July 6.
In order to meet the competition of East
ern lines the chairman of the "Western
Passenger Association Las authorized roads
to accept tickets for the National Repub
lican Convention after 6p. M., June 12. '
A special tariff of passenger rates be
tween Illinois, Kansas and Missouri com
mon points has been agreed on by Western
roads during the National Democratic and
Republican conventions in order to check
demoralization through scalping.
At a meeting of the advisory committee
of the Western Immigration Clearing
; house to-day it was decided to send repre
sentatives to a conference in New York
I next Tuesday with the Joint Traffic Asso
ciation managers on the question of the
Southern Pacific's attitude toward the
Western trunk lines in relation to immi
grant business. The Western Association
Will protest against the Eastern trunk
lines giving aid to the Southern Pacific by
paying its New York immigrant agent
commissions on business over their lines
j on which the CaJfornia road has no haul,
■ while at the same time it is diverting im
j migrant business, via New Orleans, via the
: Western trunk lines.
m
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
. Representative McLachlan Tries Every
Means to Have Santa Barbara Made
a Sub- Port of Entry.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.—Repre
| sentative McLachlac has tried every means
| to secure the passage of the Senate bill
making Santa Barbara a sub-port of entry,
but Kern of Nebraska says that no bill
shall be passed out of its regular order.
This will stop the passage of any bills,
excepting those in regular order or. the
calendar, from passing the present session.
Joseph Lawrence was to-day appointed
I Postmaster at Vincent, Los Angeles
j County, vice J. S. Egger, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
I California: Original — George Horning,
i Stockton; Frank Bailey, Veterans' Home,
Napa; Orlando M. Davis, Los Angeles.
Additional — Seymour Ayres, Murrietta.
1 Supplemental— Milos Whitcomb, Los An
geles. Increase — Alexander E. Mintie,
Los Angeles.
Washington— Original: John Labor,
Bhelton; Thomas R. White, Centralia.
Original widow: Martha E. Cholson,
| Farmington.
Senator White leaves for Los Angeles on
Sunday, and Senator Perkins for Oakland
on Monday.
Representatives Barham and Bowers
have already departed, and Mr. Hilborn
wiil leave Sunday. Judge Maguire says
he will remain until the House adjourns.
«
Locomotive Engineers
OTTAWA, Ont., June s.— The conven
tion of the International Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers closed this even
ing. The executive committee recom
mended the payment of $45,000 to wiuows
and. orphans and $15,000 for salaries, etc.
Grand Chief Arthur's parting address was
ful! of words of good counsel, and he was
loudly applauded. The convention ad
journed to meet on the second Wednes
day in May, 1898, at St. Louis, M*o.
Relief for the Sufferer*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June s.— The general
relief fund to-night • foots up f 191,000.
There are many independent relief under
takings that will swell the amount to $229,
-000. No deaths of injured were reported
in either city to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
PERKINS PLEADS
FOR DIRECT VOTE,
Telling Speech Made by the
Californian For the
Reform.
ABLY BACKS MITCHELL.
Many Reasons Why United
States Senators Should Be
Chosen hy the People.
THE STIGMA OF CORRUPTION.
It Would Be Much Easier to Prevent
It in a Regular Public
Election.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— Senator
Perkins to-day made a speech that at
tracted the attention of the entire Senate,
since it involved the manner of electing
United States Senators, and was therefore
of direct personal interest to every one of
his fellow-members. He spoke on Sen
ator Mitchell's resolution providing for the
election of Senators by the popular vote.
Senator Perkins prefaced his remarks by
stating that the people of California by a
vote of 187,000 against 13,000 had shown
how strong is their belief that the election
I of United States Senators should be by
popular ballot. He called attention to the'
fact that the convention which framed our
National Constitution was composed of
men of English stock, who were imbued
with traditions of the mother country,
whose institutions they looked to for prece
dence, and which was almost the sole
guide.
He pointed out that many members of
the convention openly advocated the cre
ation of an upper house on the plan of the
English House of Lords, and the United
States Senate was made to conform to
that body as nearly as it was possible in a
country where there are not two separate
interests as are represented in England
by aristocracy and the lower classes. It
was sought to form two constituencies by
bringing forward the fiction of the State
j as somethine distinctly from the people
j who compose it and making Senators its
I representatives.
The complaints which are now heard on
every side regarding the manner of elec
tion of United States Senators are due to
I the fact that the framers of our constitu
j tion did not incorporate with every part
j of that instrument that idea of freedom
for which they had heroically fought.
There was that distrust of the people
which is prevalent in England to-day, and
which is there the principal reason for
hesitation to reform the House of Lords.
j There was the same fear of popular cor
ruption that has been expressed in this
! country by the defenders of the present
i method of electing Senators. Mr. Madison
thought that if an election by the people
i promised an uncorrupted and impartial
! choice there could be no necessity for the
! appointment by Legislatures, nor was it
] apparent, he said, that a more useful
j check would be derived through Legis
latures than through the people.
But has the history of the several States
justified him in refusing to give the people
;therightof election? Have the scandals
that have arisen shown that Legislatures
are above suspicion? A resolution which !
. was introduced here during the present |
| session is sufficient answer to that
question.
"Thoma? Jefferson, in that document,
which every patriot veDerates, gave ut
terance to the thought that governments
! derive their just powers from the consent
! of the governed, and that whenever any
form of government become destructive
1 of this and other principles affecting tneir
; life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,
it is the right of the people to alter or
j abolish it, and to institute a new form of
I government that will most effectually
'■ secure these ends. T!;e great Webster, too,
! in a speech delivered ia this Senate sixty
j years ago, alluded to the republic as the
I people's government, made for the people,
made by the people, and answerable to
the people.
"In tbe selection of United States Sena
tors it has happened that a Legislature
fails to carry out the will of the State or
district conventions in voting for Sena
tors. Each of us can recall instances of
i thia kind where, previous to election, but
one candidate for the senatorship was
I mentioned, and the people were satisfied
therewith, voting for members of the
Legislature firm in the belief that no other
Senatorial candidate would be chos.n
: should the Legislature be dominated by
' men of his political faith, but after the
j election an entirely new man would come
j to the front and secure the patronage of
the gentlemen whose votes were so essen
tial to success. The recognized campaign
party candidate was supplanted by one
who, much to the surprise of all, had been
able to win to his side a majority of the
party caucus and eventually the majority
of the Legislature. The result was that
the public predfe teemed with charges of
undue and improper influence, and parti
san slander and rancor became unbrid'ed,
I and it has openly asserted that the choice
I of the people has been betrayed.
"I am, however, not prepared to admit
that any one improperly obtained his seat
in this body, but all will agree that had
there been a direct vote of the people in
the election of Senators, the partisan press
would be disarmed from making charges
and the files unincuinbered by the slanders.
It may be said in reply to this argument
that bribery and corruption are known in
connection with State and Congressional
elections, and even if this amendment pre
vails, that in the years to come the charge
will many times be made, possibly some
times truthfully, but it is self-evident to
every thinking person that it is much
easier to manipulate by influence 100 meni
| bers of a Legislature than to improperly
influence tens of ihousands of voters of an
entire State at the ballot box.
"Besides it removes the unjust aspersion
of a defeated candidate that is frequently
used against tbe successful one, as well as
that against the true and loyal friends
that have stood by him. It is urged that
Slate conventions may make as bad se
lections us Legislatures, but to this the
reply may be made that the people, when
the election is held, wiil surely correct the
mistake. The unfit candidate is always
rejected when the people have a voice in
the proceedings, but if the Legislature
chooses an unfit man for Senator there is
no redress and the people may have no
power to correct the mistake. It is useless
for them to protest; they must abide the
consequences."
STOCKTON REAL ESTATE SALE.
Valuable Water- Front Property Bought
by the Corral Hollow Company.
STOCKTON, Cal.. June s.— The largest
real estate transaction reported for a long
time in Stockton was consummated to
day, when $42,500 was paid to the Farm
eas' Union and Milling Company for 6.34
acres of water-front property on the
south side of Stockton Channel. The
purchaser is the Alameda and. San Joaquin
Railroad Company, generally known as
the Corral Hollow or coal road. A portion
of the property will be used to accommo
date the coaibvinkers of the new railway,
and the rest of the land is to be used for
some purpose not yet disclosed, but it is
believed that a freigiit depot may be built
there. The company already owns a
splendid site in another part of town for a
passenger depot station.
MODESTO JURS DISAGREES.
JVo Verdict Beached in the Trial of ft. W.
Stephens' Slayer.
MODESTO, Cal., June s.— The trial of
James Ferris for killing G. W. Stephens
over a bill of two or three dollars on April
11, was concluded this morning at 10
o'clock, the jury failing to agree after
beine out since 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon. It was locked up all night and
stood on the last ballot ten to two in favor
of acquittal. Ferris shot Stevens at Hick
man's in a row over a blacksmith bill.
Stevens was unarmed. Ferris struck him
on the head with a revolver, and when
Stevens threw up his hands to protect his
face, he shot him through the jugular
vein and windpipe.
CULLING SAN JOSE VOTES
Recount of Ballots Cast in the
Recent Election Is
Begun.
P. J. Fay Contests Homer Prindle's
Right to a Seat in the City
Council.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June s.— The contest
inaugurated by J. P. Fay against Homor
Prindle for a seat in the City Council from
the Second Ward was heard before Judges
Loriean and Reynolds, sitting in bank,
this afternoou. The petition for a recount
was granted.
At the city election held in April Prindle
(Ind.) was declared elected over Fay (R.)
by thirteen votes. The latter at once com
menced a contest, alleging that in the
Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth and Ninth
precincts of the Second Ward some six
teen votes that were improperly marked
had been counted for Prindle.
In his answer Prindle alleges upon his
information and belief that on "the 18th
day of April, 1896, all the ballots cast .at
the city election for the said office of Coun
cilman of the Second Ward of said city,
and the returns of the respective boards of
election of all the election precincts of
said Second Ward of the city of San
Jose, were removed from the office of the
City Clerk and placed in a common
unsealed trunk and deposited in the
office of the City Treasurer, and remained
and continued in said unsealed trunk un
til after the fi] in si of the contest on May
15." The defendant ■ alleges that other
persons than the City Clerk or the City
Treasurer had opportunities to the actual
possession of the ballots and returns since
the same were removed from the City
Clerk's office, and objects to the recount
ing of the ballots until it is shown they
have been lawfully preserved.
City Clerk Cook, Deputy Simonds and
Deputy Treasurer Cottle went on the
witness-stand. Clerk Cook testified, that
the ballots had been deposited in the
upper vault cf the Treasurer's, but v. his
belief the ballots had not been touched
and were in the same condition now as
when deposited there.
After the petition for a recount was
granted Precinct 5 in the Second Ward
was counted. In this precinct 17 votes
were objected to, 10 of which were for
Prindle and 7 for .Kay. The vote, not
counting the ballots objected to, was:
Prindle 18, Fay 30.
The official returns in this precinct give
Prindle 18, Fay 30. . Whether there will be
a change in the vote in this precinct de
pends upon the decision of the court on
the ballots to which objection was made.
The recount will be resumed to-morrow
morning.
- i. ♦ — .
Frogs for the Market.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June s.— The Portu
guese boys in the vicinity of Santa Clara
have ;.one into the frog-catching business.
They have organized a club and are ship
ping frogs daily to the San Francisco mar
ket. They visit the streams ami swamps
in the lowlands. The prices realized are
from $2 to $3 per d>;zen. For a number of
years Chinese have been engaged in the
business and have met with much success.
SACRAMENTO BEE FINED.
Editor McClatchy Must Pay Five
Hundred Dollars or Go .
to Prison.
Judge Catlin's Revenge for Having
Been Boldly Yclept a "Czar of
the Bench."
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June s.— Judge
Callin this afternoon declared Editor C.
K. McClatchy of the Bee guilty of con
tempt of court and sentenced him to pay a
line of $500 or serve 250 days in the County
Jail. Editor McClatchy was allowed to
furnish, bail pending proceedings In the
Supreme Court.
When the contempt case was called this
morning Judge Cutlin stated that he was
not prepared to rule on the objection
made by Ml-. Reddy yesterday that
any judgment against the defendant
would be contrary to law and justice
because the " defendant was not per
mitted to prove the allegations of hjd
answer. Judge Catlin said he felt it to
be his duty to lile a written opinion in
answer to the question from Mr. Reddy.
The court stated that he would find
McClatcny guilty, but there was some
difference of opinion between himself
and his associates on the bench as to
the power of the court in regard to the
extent of Dunisiiment. Reddy then asked
if McClatchy would be admitted to bail
pending an application for a writ of habeas
corpus or certiorari to the Sapreme
Court. Catlin replied that it was not usual
to admit a prisoner to bail under sentence
for contemnt. After the noon recess he
reconsidered his ruling regarding bail.
Editor McClatchy brought down the
wrath of the court upon his head by de
claring that the Bee's report of the pro
ceedings in a recent divorce case was true,
aft?r Judge Catlin had denounced from
the bench sections of the article as false.
Though threatened with the contempt
proceedings decided to-day, the editor re
iterated his statements regarding the case
and roundly scored the court, whom he
called a "Czar of the Bench."
AFFRAY IN BIG
SANDY VALLEY,
Lee Blasingame of Fresno
Fired Upon by Claude
Corlew.
HIT BY TWO BULLETS.
Wounded and Bleeding, He
Crawls to a Ranchhouse
* Two Miles Away.
ATTACKED WHEN UNARMED.
The Tragedy Follows a Quarrel Over
Grazing Rights in the Moun
tains.
FRESNO, Cal., June s.— Lee A. Blas
ingame was shot and wounded to-day in
Big Sandy Valley, in the mountains about
thirty-five miles northeast of this city. The
shooting was done by a young man named
Claude Corlew, who is a resident of Big
Bandy. Blasingame was on his way to the
meadows of the mountains with a large
band of sheep. He was riding a horse
when shot.
Corlew used a shotgun, which was
loaded with buckshot. Blasingame re
ceived one bullet in the right thigh and
one entered his right cheek, knocked out
a number of bis teeth and lodged in the
jaw. The wounds are not considered to
be of a dangerous character. The bullet
was extracted from his jaw to-night.
The shooting occurred some time before
noon. Corlew ohot twice, and the buck
shot disabled the horse which Blasingame
was riding. In his wounded condition
Btasingnme succeeded in crawling to the
house of Joe Medley, which is two miles
distant. He arrived just as the Medleys
were at dinner. A physician was sum
moned from Pine Ridge.
Blasingame is well connected in Fresno.
He is quite wealthy and manages the ex
tensive interests of his mother. He acted
prominently in ihe prosecution of Richard
Heath for the murder of Louis B. Mc-
Whirter over three years ago. Mrs. Mc-
Whirter is a sister of Lee Blasingame.
Blasingame is a popular young man in
Fresno, and is known throughout the
county, having been in the sheep business
on an extensive scale for many years. The
town was thrown into excitement to-night
over the reports of the shooting, which are
in many cases exaggerated.
A strange coincidence of the shooting is
that Cliff Corlew, a brother and neighbor
of Claude Corlew, created a sensation in
the s»con'l trial of Heath. A re ident of
the Big Sandy Valley, named Hall, had
been accepted as & juror tn tbe case, when
Cliff Corlew notiii''d the attorneys for the
prosecution that Hall had previously told
him "that there was no evidence upon
which Heath could be convicted."
Curlew went upon the stand and swore
that Hall had made the statement to him.
Hall tlatly contradicted Corlew's state
ment. Hall was retained as a jurcr.
When the report of the shooting first
reached Fresno this afternoon it was sup
posed that the tragedy grew out of this
incident in the Heath case, but it appears
that tbe trouble was over tbe wanderings
of Blasingame's sheep. In traveling
through the foothills the sheep often eat
feed which is very valuable to the ranch
ers.
Many shooting affrays have resulted
fiom this in the mountains.
According to the best information ob
tainable to-night Blasingiwne's sheep got
on to Corlew's range and Corlew shot some
of them. He and Blasingame met alter
ward and quarreled, with the result that
Corlew fired. • Blasingnme was unarmed.
He is considered a very plucky man, and
would undoubtedly have returned the fire
if he had any firearms. It is reported that
Corlew jumped behind a cabin .and fired
shots fron., this point of vantage.
If Corlew does not come down and give
himself up some time' during the night,
Deputy Sher:ff Bedford and Deputy Con
stable "Henry will leave for the mountains
in the morning to arrest him.
CLOSING DAY AT EPSOM DOWNS.
The Rich Oakes Stakes Won by Lord Derby's
Canterbury Pi/grim in Fast
Time.
LONDON, Exg., June s.— To-day was
the last day of the Epsom spring meeting,
and next Derby day the most important
of the four days' racing, the event of the
day being the Oakes stakes of 4500 sov
ereigns, a race which attracts more specta
tors of higher classes ana fewer of the
lower than any of the great English turf
events.
The air was cool and the sun shone
brightly. As upon Derby day the roads
were alive with racing parties on their
way to Epsom Downs, but there was a
marked difference in the character of the
crowd. The increased number of gentle
men and ladies of recognized standing in
society and the diminution of ordinary
holiday-seekers was very noticeable.
The event ol the day was won by Lord
Derby's Canterbury Pilgrim, by Tristan
out ol Pilgrimage. The Prince of Wales'
brown fitly Thais, by St. Serf out of
Poetry, was second arid J. C. Hill's bay
filly Proposition, by Prism out of Specu
lum, out of Nydia, was third. The other
starters were the Duke of Westminster's
Helm, -Lord Rosebery's Avilion, Lord
Ellesmore's Mi3s Frazer, Lord London
derry's Henemoosha, Sir F. Johnstone's
Meli'Melo, H. MjcAlmout's Amphora, The
Galnp tilly and Ardvourlie.
Canterbury. Pilgrim won by two lengths,
and Thais finished a length in front of
Proposition. The winner's time was
2:45%. The Detting at the start was 12 to
1 against Canterbury Pilgrim, 13 to 8
against Thais, 14 to 1 against Proposiiion,
8 to 1 against Helm, 11 to 1 against Avil
ion, 12 to 1 against Miss Frazer, 14 to 1
against Nenemoosha, 20 to 1 each against
MeliMeloand Amphora, 40 to 1 against
The Galop filly and 50 to 1 against Ard
vonrlie.
The fillies got an excellent start Avilinn,
Canterbury Pilgrim and Miss Frazer
making the running from the Galop filly,
Amphora and Thais, with Nenemoosha,
Helm and Proposition last.
After they had run a quarter of a mile
the Galop filly drew to tne front, followed
by Canterbury Pilgrim and Miss Frazer.
Then came Thais and Mcii Melo, the
others trailing along, with Proposition
last.
Passing the mile post Avilion drew up i
to the quarters of the Galop filly ; descend
ing the hill from Tottenham, Galop filly
was slightly in the lead of Avilion. Then !
came Canterbury Piigrim and Thais in
front of Helm. Entering the stretch
Avilion headed Galop lilly.but both were
soon beaten, and Thais drew to the front,
followed by Canterbury Pilgrim and j
Proposition. At the distance Canterbury !
Pilgrim assumed command and won
easily.
Middlesex Lawn Tennis.
LONDON, Eno., June s.— ln the semi- I
final rounds for the Middlesex lawn tennis
championship to-day, Mahoney beat Chap
man, and Greville beat Lamed, the Ameri
can champion.
♦
TROTTING AND RUNNING RACES.
The Stallion Azmon Wins a Good Event
at Fleetwood.
NEW YORK, N. V., June s.— The New
York stallion Azmon won a good race to
day at Fleetwood Park, defeating the fast
mare Island Girl and all the. other circuit
fliers of the 2:18 class in straight heats.
John Kinney made no visible effort to win
the 2:30 race with the fast gray gelding
Grateful until the judges warned him just
before the third heat was trotted to go
on, which 'he did by winning the . next
three heats in off-hand style. . .
Miss Anne took a record of 2:l9}^ in
the first winning heat of her turf career,
but-she wasnot in condition to last out
the race to the end.
2:18 trot, Azmon won, Jettie second, Island
Girl third. Best time, 2 :lsJ^.
2:30 trot, Grateful won, Miss Anne second,
Frank Medium third. Best time, 2:19%. '
Sweepstakes, $750, pacing, Newsboy won,
Touch Me Not second, Roscoe distanced. at
time, 2:14 I £. .■-'.-.-. Be
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June Five
f urlonss, Scarfpin won, Viscount second, Oak
leaf third. Time, 1 :04^.
Seven furlongs, Ben riolliday won. Hard en
burg second, Argentina II third. Time,
1:30^.
Five furlongs, Fugarol won, Grayling second,
Cherry Leaf third. Time, 1:04. *
Handicap, one mile and an eighth. Rondo
won,Xobengula second, Grannon third. Time,
I:sß}*. .. . .
One mile, selling, Caesarian won, Harry Shan
non second, Lester third. Time, 1 :45 1 4.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June s.— Four and a half fur-,
longs, Elsie Barnes won, Lillie Beatrice sec
ond, Daisy Gordon third. Time, :57. '■!'%.
One mile, Zoulika won, Fred Foster second,
Miss Sturgis third. Time, I:44*£.
Five furlong?. Lord Zeni won. Tin Cup sec
ond, Russella third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile and seventy yards, Bing Binger won,
Whisper second, Royal Choice third. Tiuie,
1:47.
Six and a half furlongs, Ellen ■won, Hex sec
ond, Johnnie McHale third. Time, 1:22.
One mile, First Deal.won, Pretender second,
Fasig third. Time, 1 :44.
CHICAGO, 111., June Eleven-sixteenths
of a mile. Miss Star won, J. H. Grafton second,
Little Jimmy third. Time, 1:10}$. •
Nine-sixteenths of a miie, Ethel Farrel won,
Vanessa second, Mrs. Murray third. Time,
:56%. . .
One mile. King Bors won, Chenoa second,
Campania third. Time, 1:44%.
Thirteen-sixieenths of a mne, Glenold won.
Mobalaska second, Fred X third. Time, 1:23%.
Three-quarters of a mile, Sugar won, NiCK
second, Revenue third. Time, i:l7.
One mile, Sullross won, Outgo second, Long
dale third. Time, 1:43.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Cincinnati's Outfielders Kept Busy Catch
ing Brooklyn's Flics.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June &.— Cincinnati's out
fielders were kept busy to-day. In addition to
thirteen slashing hits made by the Brooklyns
Burke, Hoy and Miller succeeded in capturing
fifteen flies, several of which were long drives.
With two men out in the first inning McCarthy-
Drought in three runs on a home-run hit past
the ropes in left field. Score: Brooklyns— lo,
13, 2. Cincinnati!!— l, 5, 1. Batteries—Ken
nedy and Burrill, Dwyer and Vaughn. Umpire
— Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, D.C.. June s.— Washington
easily defeated Louisville to-day. Maul pitched
one of the best games of his life and with
proper support would have kept the record
down to two runs. Score: Washingtons— l4,
14. 7. Lonisvilles— 7, 9, 2. Batteries— Maul
and McGuire, Frazer and Warner. Umpire —
Emslie.
NEW YORK, N. V., June s.— The New Yorks
played another fast game to-day. St. Louis
\va> easy. Score: New Yorks— 7, 12, 1; St.
Louis-3, 9, 2. Batteries— Clajk and Farrell,
Donahue and McFarland. Umpire—Hender
son.
BOSTON , Mass., June s.— Terry was a decided
enigma to the Bostons to-day and they could
not begin to make him out, while Stivetts was ,
easy. Terry also batted splendidly. Dahlen ;
jilayed brilliantly at short, a catch of a hot i
lme hit to one side by Duffy being the feature |
of the day. Score: Bostons— 6, 3, 3; Chica- i
kos— lo, l<>, 2. Batteries— Stivetts and Bergen, !
Terry and Uonohue. Umpire— Lynch.
BALTIMORE, Md., June s.— Tebeau's hypno- :
tic influence was in evidence again to-day. |
The champions could neither bat nor field, I
and were beaten all the way. Corbett pitched I
the last three innings and but one hit was
made off him. Atiendance, 5690. Score: ;
Baltimores— 4, 9, 7; Clevelands— lo, 11, 2.1
Batteries— Esper and Robinson, Young and
O'Connor. Umpires— Weidman und Keeie.
PHILADELPHIA, }.'a., June s.— The Phillies
again downed Pittsburg to-day in a game that
was on a par wi:h yesterday's contest for ex
citement. The visitors scored seven runs in
the first three inuings on errors aud free hit- i
ting. The home team batted Killen very hard j
thereafter, however, find won out in the
ninth. Attendance, 482 p. Score: Philßdel
phias—9, 18, 3; Pittsburgs— B, 13, 1. Batter
ies—Lucid and Graay, Killen and Sugden.
Umpire — Hurst.
Seed* Front South Africa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June s.— The
Secretary of Agriculture has just received
from tne Cape of Good Hope a number of
seeds of the South African silver tree.
Some attempts have been made to accli
mate it in Southern Europe,, but so far as
kuowri without success. It is confidently
believed that it may be successfully intro
duced in Southern California and Southern
Florida.
A'Dollar
For 90 Cents
Ninety cents buys a dollar's worth of
Clothing during our Great Alteration Sale,
now in progress. Every ready-made suit
reduced 10 per cent from regular Wholesale
prices.
No reserve ! Everything made up goes !
Our immense stock at your disposal for 90
cents on the dollar !
Our urgent request to return any article
not satisfactory is a positive guarantee.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET -
Our Only S. F. Branch, 211 Montgomery St. Avoid firms imitating our name.
m
BRITONS BUY THE
MARIPOSA GRANT,
Valuable Mines Purchased
by a Syndicate of
Englishmen.
PAY A HANDSOME SUM.
The Consideration Believed to
Have Been at Least
$10,000,000.
WORK FOR MANY LABORERS.
All Claims on the Rich Tract Will
Be Operated to Their Full
Capacity.
CODLTERVILLE, Cal., June s.— lt is
reported here that the Mariposa Grant
has been sold to an English syndicate.
The consideration is not known, but is be
lieved to have been $10,000,000. The mines
on the grant are to be operated to their
full capacity, giving employment to hun
dreds of men.
E. B. Dorsey, well known as an expert
{ in Colorado, South Africa and other min
ing countries, has been quietly investi
gating matters for some time past. He
{ has been accompanied by a shorthand re
porter, and they have been interviewing
old residents who worked in the mines
from the time when Colonel John C.
Fremont opened them in 1857 to 1872,
when they passed into the hands of the
Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company for an
indebtedness incurred in a Wall-street
gamble.
Later the Mariposa grant was sold to
John W. Mackay, Alvinza Hayward, W. S.
Hobart, J. G. Flood and Senator John P.
Jones, the price paid being understood to
have been the indebtedness of the owners
to the Donohoe-Kelly Bank. The million
aires who took over the bad debt of the
then owners to the bank have contented
themselves hitherto with contesting the
demand made upon them by the county
authorities for taxes.
When Senator Jones went to the Brus
sels silver conference in 1892 he endeav
ored to sell the Mariposa grant in London
for $10,000,000, while its taxable valuation
in Mariposa was proportionately less than
Assessor Siebe's estimate of the Market
street Railway to current value.
The mines which have been operated
in the Mariposa grant are the Mariposa,
Josephine, Pine Tree, Oso, Mexican,
Princeton, Mount Opnir and others, while
there are many large quartz veins still in
their virgin state whicu, while known to
be enormously rich, have never been sys
tem atically prospected.
In its northern boundry the grant has
the great water power of the Merced River
from the Ward ranch, down to the Broad
! head old dam. This structure in the Mer
ced is capable oi generating a fall in its
fifteen miles of a power second only to that
of -N iagara.
O'Connor's Grand /tinner.
MOSCOW, Russia, June 5.— A grand din
ner was given last night by Minister
Nicholas O'Connor, the British Embassa
dor, in connection with the coronation fes
tivities. The guests of honor were the
Czar and Czarina, who, upon arriving at
the em bass", were received with the
national hyiiiO, played by a military
band. The Czarina was taken into the
banqueting-room by the Duke of Con
naught, the special representative of his
mother, Queen Victoria, while the Duchess
of Oonnaught was escorted by the Czar.
Fifty cover? were laid. The embassy was
most handsomely decorated throughout.
Part of the entertainment consisted of
singing by forty members ot the company
of the Imperial Theater.
NEW TO-DAY.
34
DUNHAM'S TRAIL
LEADS SOUTHWARD.
The Fugitive Is Slowly
Toiling Toward Cantua
Valley.
KEEPS TO TKE BRUSH.
Two of the Pursuing Posses
Believed to Be Close
Upon Him.
WOMEN RAISING A REWARD.
Liberal Subscriptions Received by the
Auxiliary — A Suspect Ar
rested in Oregon.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June s.— Word was
received to-day at the Sheriff's office from
Deputy Sheriff Gardner, who has been on
the hunt for James C. Dunham ever since
the murder of the McGlincy family.
Gardner is in the country around Panoche
and is pushing ahead rapidly in the direc
tion of Hayes Station, from which point
came the message from the posse headed
by Juan Edson.
He states that he was informed at Pan
ocheoi the trail found by Edson. He be
lieves tbat this trail is the true one, and
will continue to follow it. Sneriff Lyndon
and posse are making for the same sec
tion. Sheriff Matthews of Monterey
Connty telegraphed that he was about to
start across country from Salinas to Tu
lare Lake, where lie will skirmish about
seeking traces of Dunham.
The Sheriffs and their posses of the San
Joaquin Valley counties are reported to be
in the foothills west of the valley, dili
gently guarding the southern passes,
through which it is claimed Dunham must
pass if he continues his course southward.
The fact that no message was received
from either the posse headed by Sheriff
Lyndon or the one headed by Juan Edson is
accepted as good evidence that they are
close upon the trail of the fugitive.
It is believed that Dunham will keep as
far distant from either telegraph or tele
phone stations as possible, and that in
tracing' him the officers have had no con
venient opportunity to send word respect
ing their movements or information which
they may have received.
\Vielands, Wood, Churchill and Valpey,
who left this city last night for Tres Pinos
en route to Panoche, telephoned at about
8 o'clock this, evening from Emmett, San
Benito County, eighty miles south of this
city. They stated that their horses were
somewhat latigued from the hard ride, but
tney expected to reach Panoche to-mor
row morning ana join one of the other
posses during the day.
It is believed by the officers that Dun
ham has friends in Tulare County whom
he is endeavoring to reach in the hope of
finding shelter. It is claimed by those
familiar with the country in which the
murderer is now suoposed to be that he
will have great difficulty in making much
progress without being detected, as very
rou^h canyons are not encountered in that
vicinity.
The fusit've might succeed in hiding for
a short time in some of the gulches or in
being concealed in one of the cabins of
the woodeboppers for a consideration, but
this refuge would only be temporary, as
Dunham has not funds sufficient to out
weigh the attraction which the rewards
being raised would offer.
He would have great difficulty in pass
ing through the open country and enter
ing any town or city without being recog
nized, as his pictures have reached every
public place in that section, and are sub
jected to close inspection by the residents
for miles around.
A telegram was received at the Sheriff's
office to-night from Myrtle Creek, Oregon,
stating that a man has just been arrested
there whom the officers believe to be
Dunham. It was requested that a descrip
tion be telegraphed at once and a picture
sent by the first mail. Under Sheriff
Benson sent the description and mailed
pictures of the fugitive murderer.
Little credence is placed in the report
by the officers here, but it is conceded
that it is not Impossible that the man
under arrest is Dunham.
The Citizens Executive Committee to
day issued new placards, announcing the
rewards offered for the capture of Dun
ham and giving two pictures of the mur
derer.
One of these pictures represents him as
he appeared in 1884 at the time of his mar
riage, and the other as he appeared in 1889
in the garb of a common ranchhand. The
latter picture is displayed, as it is believed
Dunham will change his attire in the
mountains and escape recognition by
ttose who have seen his picture taken in
his wedding clothes.
These placards are being widely distrib
uted throughout the State, and the coun
try in which Dunham is now supposed to
be hiding is literally flooded with them.
At the conference of ladies interested in
raising the $10,000 reward fund this after
noon great enthusiasm was shown. Many
who had taken subscription blanks on the
preceding day reported liberal amounts
subscribed.
The Indies resolved to wait upon the
San Jose Grange, of which Colonel and
Mrs. McGlincy were prominent members,
to-morrow and urge it to take systematic
action to assist in raising the desired
fund. The Woman's Club will also be
visited in the afternoon for the same pur
pose.
The chairman of the citizens' executive
committee this evening stated that be had
received letters from many persons in
various parts of the country containing
checKs for voluntary subscriptions, show
ing that the people were aroused to the
importance of raising the fund as a reward
for the capture of the murderer.
♦
MOTING TOW ART* CANTVA.
Vunhatn Follotet the Coast Range to the
Southward.
FRESNO, Cal., June s.— Sheriff Scott
has sent two deputies, Lynch and Tim
mins, to Cantua Canyon, about seventy
miles southwest of Fresno, to intercept
Murderer Dunham.
From messages received from Little
Panoche Sheriff Scott was convinced that
Dunham was working his way southward
along the western base of fje Coast Range
and would arrive at Cantua witliin a day
or two. The distance is between forty and
fifty miles.
/i-_i,, a ojLnvnn is a rußced country, in
habited principally by Indians and Mexi
cans, and it has long been a hiding piace
for criminal?. Sheriff Scott is working on
a theory of his own, and does not ■ believe
Dunham will attempt to cross the plains
to the swamps along the San Joaquin
River. Deputies Tirnmins and Lynch will
reach Cantua to-night.
The Chase Sear Hollister.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June s.— The pur
suit of Murderer Dunham was barren of
results to-day. Under Sheriff Brown and
District Attorney Dooline made a mid
night ride to Los Aguilas and found Mc-
Avoy, Gardner and Rives worn out; but
notwithstanding Brown furnished them
fresh horses, and at 1 o'clock this morn
ine they started for the Cantua country,
Wieland, Churchill, Woods and Valpey of
San Jose arrived in town early this morn
ing, heading for New idria.
SANTA ROSA RACE MEETING.
Horsemen Endeavoring to Arrange for a
Series ot Equine Contests
in Autumn.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June s.— Unless
all signs fail there will be a race meeting
here this fall. For some time the horse
men of this section have been talking over
the project and at a meeting last night it
was definitely decided to hold a meet in
this city if possible.
Ira G. Pierce of the firm of Pierce Bros.,
the well-known owners and breeders of
fine horses, was present at the meeting
and tendered the use of the firm's fine
track and fair grounds.
An effort will be made to secure the
Breeders' fall meeting. There has been
no racing here for several years, and an
agricultural fair and race meeting would
undoubtedly meet with very liberal patron
age.
The fair grounds- now. owned by the
Pierce Brothers are classed with the best
.in the State, being those formerly known
as Agricultural Park.
The track, w; ich has been kept in order
for private use since the discontinuance of
annual fairs, i<» greatly liked by horsemen
and has been the scene of many an equine
battle.
It was there that the swavbacked racer
cyclone, fresh from a Lake County ranch,
ran a half mile in forty-eight seconds,
which was considered a wonderful perfor
mance at the time, and it was on this
track that the mighty Anteo and many
other noted horses made their records.
SANTA CRUZ'S WELCOME.
Preparing Entertainment for the State
Dental Association.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June s.— Dr. F. W.
Bliss to-day completed the programme for
the reception and musicale to be eiven to
the California State Dental Association on
Tuesday evening next, preliminary to the
opening of the twenty-fifth annual con
vention.
The committee of arrangements, with
Dr. F. W. Bliss as chairman, includes Dr.
J. H. Parker, Dr. A. M. Barker, San Jose;
Dr. Frank C. Pague, Dr. W. Z. King, San
Francisco, and Dr. A. H. Mories, Al&meda.
The programme is made up of
the following twelve musical num
bers by local talent, assisted by some
of the delegates: Hastings'. Ladies'
Orchestra, selections from "William Tell"
(Rossini); Judge Harry Melvin of
Oakland, bass solo, "The Arab Bride"
Marks; Mrs. Dr. W. E. King of San Fran
cisco, soprano solo, "Love Nocturne,"
Weather; Santa Cruz Siuging Club, se
lected chorus; Otto Kunitz, piano
solo, "Eleventh Rhapsody," Liszt;
Mrs. Lora Effey Alzina, soprano solo,
selected; Has ings Ladies' orchestra, Fond
Hope Fantasia; Donald deV. Graham, bary
tone solo, "Wherever You Waik." Handel;
Miss Nina de St. Hubert, violin, selected;
Judge Harry Melvin, bass solo, "Mition,"
Tosti; Dr. Cecil Corwin, guitar solo, se
lected; Santa Cruz Singing Club, chorus,
selected; Professor George Hastings and
Otto Kunitz. accompanists.
astoria jurrtnEß mystery.
A Second Body Sound in the Columbia
Hirer.
ASTORIA, Or., June s.— The mystery
surrounding the murder of Esther Loire,
whose mutilated body was found on the
beach at Smith Point, on Friday evening
last, was deepened to-day by the announce
ment that the body of John Lambert, who
accompanied the woman, together with
Adolph Gonyounge and Samuel Melandt,
from a scow near Clifton on May 27, had
been found in the river near Quinns Point
last evening. The body was brought to
this city to-day, and on examination the
skull was foupd to have been crushed in
and in the neck was a bullet hole.
Lambert resided at Aldrich Point, but
was at Svenson's scow, a short distance
below Clifton, where Esther Loire and her
two companions engaged in a drunken
spree shortly before the woman's body
was- found. Lambert was supposed to
have en.barir.ed in his skiff when leaving
the scow, the others taking the boat of the
missing man, Samuel Melandt. Bot-h
boats were afterward found r that of Me
landt being blood-stained. No traces of
either Melandt or Gonyounge have been
found. . . \. vi
MUPRNED BY CREDITORS.
Merchants Defrauded by a. Man Who
Claimed He Was Wealthy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 5.— J. B. Court
ney left this city yesterday for parts un
known, leaving a number of creditors very
anxious about his whereabouts.
Courtney arrived a few weeks ago with a
wife and a large family of children, and
rented a small house in East San Jose. He
represented himself as an earnest Chris
tian woncer, and as the family was in
needy circumstances he was aided from
the poor funds of several churches.
Courtney recently announced that he
had received news that an uncle, John
Abbott, had died in New London, Ohio,
leaving him $75,000. Upon the strength of
this alleged good fortune he was enabled
to obtain credit for large bills for groceries
and clothing.
Courtney attampted to procure a $50,000
life insurance policy, but failed, as in
vestigations by telegraph proved that his
claims to having fallen heir to a fortune
were entirely false.
Board of Trade Election.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June s.— At the meet
ing of the Board of Trade last evening,
the following directors were elected for
the ensuing year: T. R. Weaver, James D.
Miner, C. M. Hatcher, L. M. Hale, C. J.
Sfeeple, A. C. Darby. S. E. Smith, A. S.
Hacon, William Osterman. Weaver,
Steeple and Darby were re-elected, the
others being members of the board.
Defalcation on the Monterey.
SEATTLE, Wash., June s.— Yeoman A.
B. Kegg of the United States warship
Monterey is a defaulter, a warrant for his
arrest having been issued at the instance
of Paymaster Tiffany, charging him with
embezzlement. Kegg's whereabouts is
unknown, as is the amount of his pecula
tions.
Santa Cruz's Choice.
SANTA CRUZ, Cau, June 5.— A very
lively school election for one Trustee here
to-day resulted in a victory for Dr. P. B.
Fagan, who has held the position for fif
teen years. His majority over H. Foster
was 128. Eight hundred and twenty-six
votes were cast. " -
Rcdding's Battle of Ballots.
REDDING, Cal., June s.— The election
of a school trustee in this city to-day re
sulted in a victory for F. P. Primm over T.
R. Dozier by a majority of 40 votes. Only
250 votes were polled.
Bprke's odorous facts on the banks in to
day's Star. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
FIRST TRAIN
INTO MERCED,
Valley Railway Directors
Carried Over the
Line.
ARE HEARTILY GREETED
Residents Rejoice at the Near
Approach of Freight-Rate
Competition.
PLEDGE TO FRESNO CITIZENS.
The Line Will B; Extended to
Bikersfield if Rights of Way
Are Given.
MERCED, Cal., June s.— The first con
struction train of the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad reached the incorporated limits
of this city at noon to-day.
Shortly afterward, there arrived an
engine and car containing the following
directors of the road, who are now on a
tour of inspection : Vice-President Robert
Watt, John D. Spreckels, Thomas Magee
and Captain A. H. Payson.
They were accompanied by Traffic Mana
ger Moss, Chief Engineer Storey and Divi
sion Engineer and Superintendent of Con
struction E. A. McFarland.
The party was taken in a six-horse coach
to the site of the new depot ground on Ala
meda street.
Each expressed himself as being well
pleased with the site and the work that is
now being done on it. Workmen yester
day commenced excavating a ditch for the
laying of pipe to carry water for the loco
motives. This pipe is to be connected
with the city mains and- will insure a
plentiful supply.
After a" thorough examination of the
work tbat is now in progress in the city
limits the directors and iheir guests were
taken to El Capitun Hotel.
After dinner they were met by leading
citizens and business men of Merced,
araoni; whom were E. T. Dixon, Captain
W. W. Gray, J. A. McKenzie, Robert
Gracey, Dr. E. S. O'Brien, Major
Cook and M. Goldman, who congtatu
lated the airectora on the substantial
construction of the road and the fact that
the people of this valiey would soon be
relieved from the burden of an excessive
freight rate to tidewater.
The directors departed over the South
ern Pacific tiain for Fresno at 3:30 o'clock.
PROPOSITION TO FRESNOITES.
The Valley Road Company Ready to
Build South From the City.
FRESNO, Cal., June s.— John D.
Spreckels, Robert H. Watt, A. Payson,
Thomas Magee. W. B. Storey, John Moss
and M. Samuel, a committee fmm the
board of Valley Railroad directors, ar
rived in Fresno to-night in accordance
with an invitation from vhe local commit
tee of ten, which has in charee the secur
ing of rights of way through Fresno
County.
The road committee, the committee of
ten and committees from Tulare and Bak
ersfield met in Hughes Hotel parlors and
discussed the proposition for the extension
of the line south of Fresno this year. The
railroad officials were definite in their pro
posal?. They stated that they had
material ready to begin work on the road
to Bakersfield within three months if the
rights of way were furnished.
If not the material would be used in
building a road from Stockton to the
coast.
The Fresno, Tulare and BakersfieM com
mittees stated that they were doing their
best to secure richts of way and although
not in a position to speak definitely they
believed that they would be successful.
They would not purchase any rights of
way, however, un-til they were assured
that the railroad would come.
To this the railroad people replied that
if they were furnished free rights of way
they would without question begin the
work of grading south of Fresno imme
diately. They further stated that which
ever route of the two — by way of Visalia
or by way of Hanford— olfered rights of
way first would get the road first.
They had no particular preference for
either route, but were anxious to proceed
with the grading.
The railroad people will go to Recdley
to-morrow, and a meeting will be held
there during the afternoon in the interest
of securing rights of way.
OREGON RESULTS.
Official Count Accessary to Decide the
■ Congressional Race.
PORTLAND, Or., June 5.— A remark
ably close and exciting finish is being run
between Tongue (R.) and Vanderburg(P.)
in the First Congressional District. As
the figures of the official count straggle in
the uncertainty increases.
Vauderburg's lead has been cut down in
Linn County by 148 votes, leaving him but
32 ahead of Tongue.
In the Second District Ellis has a lead of
273 over Quinn, the laundry- driver,
who comes dangerously near being elected
Congressman from Oregon.
The official canvass may yet give Quinn
the victory. So far as Multnomah County
i 3 concerned the vote is complete, as the
six precincts in the county not having
sent in a duplicate ballot showing totals
will not change these figures materially:
Quinn, 5007: Ellis, 4349.
♦ —
CHICO MASS-MEETING.
Equal Suffrage Leaders Address a Large
Audience.
CHICO, Cal., June s.— The woman's
suffrage mass-meeting convened in Chico
to-day. The spacious Armory Hall was
crowded.
Miss Elizabeth U. Yates, Miss Hay and
Mrs. Ida Lee arrived this morning and
will be the guests of General and Mrs.
Bidwell during the convention. Rev.
Anna Shaw is expected to-morrow and
will deliver an address in the evening.
Miss Hay was chosen chairman and
manager oi the convention. Numerous
deleeates from adjoining towns were
present, the majority of whom read in
teresting papers.
MERCED OFFICERS ACQUITTED.
uovost and Collins Found Sot Guilty of
Killing an Innocent Man.
MERCED, Cal., June s.— The prelimi
nary examination of David Dowst and
James Collins to-day on a warrant charg
ing them with manslaughter resulted in
their discharge.
These are the officers who killed an un
known man on the outskirts of the city on
May 11, believing that he was Burglar
Burke, who escaped from Selma officers
by jumping from a train.
m
Sutter Creek's Election.
SUTTER CREEK, Cal., June s.— An ex
citing school election in Sutter Creek to
day resulted in a victory for Andrew
Riley, who was chosen to succeed himself
as trustee. His opponent was W. L. Wood
worth. Riley was a leading spirit in caus
ing $5000 bonds to be issued for enlarging
tbe schoolhouse, and a majority of the
voters wanted him to continue on «he
board until the work was completed.
Sudden Death at Reno.
RENO, Nev., June 5.— J. R. Shaw, at
one time prominent in Republican
councils of Nevada, and formerly a Com
missioner of Lyon County, dropped dead
on Virginia street here at 8 o'clock to
night. Death resulted from heart
disease.
A Woodland Woman Gets an Office.
WOODLAND, Cal., Junes.— The Count y
Board of Supervisors to-day elected Miss
Kate Simmons of Woodland, and Professor
T. J. Crane of the Winters High School,
as members of the County Board of
Education.
Beheaded at Brunswick.
BERLIN, Germany, June 5.— A criminal
named Dehlmannwas beheaded at Bruns
wick this morning for the murder of his
aunt and cousin. On his way to the place
of execution he attempted to commit
suicide by throwing himself over the
prison staircase, dragging with him the
warden who had him in charge. Tne war
den was frightfully hurt and is dying.
One More Coronation Calamity.
LONDON, Ejcg., June s.— The Berlin
correspondent of the Daily News tele
graphs that during the coronation festivi
ties at Min«k, the capital of a Russian
province of that n ame, a railing of a bridge
gave way, precipitating a large number of
persons into the water. Many of them
were drowned.
ART INSTIUTTE THRONGED.
Three Thousand Persons Viewed the
Paintings in the Hopkins House.
Three thousand persons visited the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday after
noon and evening.
It was the fifth free day, Edward F.
Searles having especially requested that
the lirst Friday of "each, month the magni
ficent building be thrown open and the
public permitted to enjoy its art collec
tions without the admission charge ot 25
cents imposed on every other day.
Many persons came not from the finan
cial consideration but because there was
the prospect of a large gathering. Over a
hundred Chinese were among the curious
t .at thronged the beautiful rooms and
gazed, a few critically, all admiringly,
upon the general display of paintings.
The Art Association's cnoice of two pic
tures on which to bestow prizes of $100 and
$50 fcr the oest and second best canvases
exhibited in the recent spring exhibition
attracted a good deal of attention. There
was a peculiar kitchen scene, with a cook
bending over a range, a study in fire glows
and bants from outside playing upon a
somber interior decorated with copper
kettles and other kitchen utensils. It was
the first prize and was painted by Jules
Pace.
The second prize went to William Keith
for one of his favorite conceptions, a study
in creat trees.
The art school will open August 1, in
stead of August 15, as formerly, in order
to give the pupils a vacation of fifteen
days durng the latter part of December.
The second term will begin January 2 and
end May 15, 1897. .
A CENT ON THE DOLLAR.
Expenses Eat Up the Assets of
the Life and Annuity
Association.
Suspicions of the Attorney-General
That Were Proved to Be Well
Foun cd.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 5. j
After three years » f litigation the insol
vent Life and Annuity Association has
been finally wound uy> by the settlement
of the account and the acceptance of the
report by the court of the receiver, W. 11.
Thomas.
The report shows a balance of $3912 0 7
in his hands and a deticiency judgment
against Maria Anderson for $3900, which
has been sold for $13.
The attorneys and assignees have fared
much better than the creditors. Their
expenses were $3193 65, which left just
$731 42 with which to pay about $70,000 of
liabilities.
The expenses are:*
W. R. Thomas, receiver, compensation, «350;
George Burbeck, assignee, if 395; L. S. Churc.u,
assignee, $125; ('. K. Lloy , assignee, $141;
J. K. Peirsol and 8. P. Hall, attorneys ioi re
ceiver, $35(5; Charles E. Snook, attorney for
assignet, $325; Alexander Laidlnw, attorney
for plaintiff, Harriet Mallett, $500; Mary
Kruger, defendant, $500; C. L. Anderson, de
fendant, $250; Klizaueth J. Chivree, defend
ant, $50; court costs, etc., $^0U 40.
Tne policy-holders received about one
cent on the" dollar. Their payments are:
Harriet Mallett, Bothilda Crough, S. M.
Hitchcock, J. R. MeFaerton, Max Jensen,
Thomas N. La Ross, Emillne Campbell, Theo
dore Spencer, Hannah Gorman, David Samuels,
A. H. Frances, H. M. Koerner, J. H. Sterting,
M. M. E. Rhode. B. C. Godsby. J. A. Harrod,
Oeorge S. Dausforth, $11 75 each.
Mary F. Raum $5 44, N. Reom $8 78,
M. J. Erickson $10 18, M. L.* Younf $8 01,
Charles Gaze $9 72, Ed Grove .$9 68, Ann
Welch $*}64, A. C. Silverin :!O, \V. il. Par
tridge *7 82, M. Halmquest $5 'J»>, C. G. Whit
man $3 B'_\ L. l'utniim $10 10, M. M. de Long
$7 42, H. Voslader $4 23. J. Quinn $9 G6, Bar
ton Knott $10 13, Thomas W. MoGee $10 05,
F. A. David $23 75, Charles Wilson $1 86,
Thomas Ross $5 44. H. Morse $4 42.
H. A. Loomis $9 37, V. M.Steembergens7 05,
Hans Nelson $10 18, Antone Th enger $6 47,
Catherine Zimmerman $t> 05, Wiillam Ham
lin $7 56, Dorothea Wall $12 10, C. M. Thur
man $10 43, Georg • Osborn $7 76, J. M. Uan
senslo 51, C. E. Gillette $2 49, Fred Flutteru
$3 14, Mary C. Washington $6 40, Juli*
Sargent $11 57, Joseph Thibault $7 56,
Mary R. silveria $3 87, Eugprii^ Cruza
$(> 62, Herbert S. Gliues $6 26 Ellen
C. Grover $2 71, James Tate $8 43, R.
Headier 86 81, R. Butterfield $6 92, Eliza
Bicknell $12 10, C. F. Schultz $12 10, Elk-n
Stunner $4 70, Margaret Burke $4 70, Bernard
Finnesan $10 81, Mary Neary $19 72, William
H. Jordan $23 65, W, W. Cumron $16, A. M.
Silvena $5 40, R. B. Roll $5 46, Ed Casey
$6 95, Joseph Cruza $6 26, Anna Borden $!> 40',
Robert Johnston $10 40, Louise Tyler $7 05,
George Van Blnke $5 49, David Gay $2 05,
Margaret White $4 76, Laura E. Whitver $4 70,
Margaret Austin $4 18.
The association was forced into insol
vency by an action of the Attorney-Gen
eral, upon information of the Insuiance
Commission, in 1893, upon the ground
that it was not doing a safe business. The
climax bears out the suspicion of the At
torney-General.
The X, Man Engagement.
OAKLAND, Cal., June s.— The Paly Com
pany with Miss Kehan will present "The
Behool for Scand-U" for one night only at the
Macdonough next Tuesday evening.
The sale of seats is now progressing and is
one of the largest in the history of the theater.
liwill be the event of the season, both in a
dramatic and social way. All the "first night
ers" have secured their reeular seats and a
great number of large theater parties have
been arranged.
School Trustees .Elections.
OAKLAND, Cal., June s.— Some very
exciting elections for School Trustees were
held to-day. At Temescal Jones, the
A. P. A. candidate, received a majority of
71 votes out of 4bl. \V. K. Bain was
elected at Fruitvale, defeating the
A. P. A. candidate, Corrigan. At Melrose
W. Ax tell was elected.
He Was Not a Tralnboy.
R. B. Sloper, manager for Ell S. Deuison, news
agent of the Southern Pacific Company at
Oakland pier, states that the young man from
Oakland who distinguished himself by insult-
Ing ladies on a train loaded with Christian
Endqavorers returning from San Jose, was not
connected with his department.
MT. TAMALPAIS
ACADEMY CADETS,
Military School Graduates
Are Ready to Take
The Field.
DIPLOMAS FOR TWELVE.
Commencement Exercises Held
in a San Rafael House
of Worship.
JUDGE MORROW'S ADDRESS.
Tells the Retiring Class How to
Overcome Obstacles ia Life's
Pathway.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June s.— The com
mencement exercises of the Mount Tam
alpais Military Academy were held in the
First Presbyterian Church to-day.- Diplo
mas were awarded to the following gradu
ates: Douglas Cornell, San Francisco;
Paul Dinsmore, San Jose; William Foster,
San Rafael; George Guerraz, Marysville;
Tokicbi Murakami, Japan Harry Pen
hallow, San Francisco; "William Riley,
Santa Rosa; Walter Rohlffs, San Fran
j cisco; John Sims, San Rafael; Charles
j Treadwell, Oakland; Samuel Wilson, San
Francisco; W. Wilberforce Williams, San
Rafael. ■
The diplomas were awarded by* Head
; Master Arthur Ciosky. Besides music and
I assays by the graduating class an eloquent •
\ address was delivered Dy Judge W. W.
Morrow on "Elements of Greatness." He
said in part:
The completion of a course of studies by a
class of intelligent, ambitious young men is
i an important affair. It is important to the
' students, because, in the language of Dr.
j Paley, they are about to take a "holding turn"
j on the Knowledge they have acquired. It is
: an important occasion to teachers and parents.,
i who see or hope to see' in it a promise that
j those for whose welfare they have been con»
; cernedwill make ample return for all the care
and anxiety bestowed upon them. It is also a
matter of interest to the state that the public
should see here evidences that the institutions
of the country, passing daily from the charge
of older to younger men, aud, possibly, to new
women, will be received by those Who are fully
equipped and competent to discharge the re
sponsible duties of public as well as private
life.
These public exercises are, therefore, appro
priate to the occasion, where not only those
immediately interested in the intellectual and
moral welfare of the students may learn of
their advancement but where the public gen
erally, taking, measurements for future possi
bilities, may also enjoy the spirit of emulation
and enthusiasm that always prevails where
young people display their natural and culti
vated capacities in an entertaining and in
structive manner.
The interest of the day and the significance
of these exercises are not limited by the de
gree or excellence of scholarship we tind here,
"he question arises. What benefit -will, be de
rived by these yevung men from the excellent
training they have Had in the way of prepara
tion for the active duties of lite? What use
will they make of their talents? Scholarship
is capital, but it is capital that should be made
efficient and useful for a good purpose in some
legitimate calling.
Twenty years irom now the school and col
lege graduates of to-day will be managing the
business affairs of the country and have the
control of its social and political institutions.
They ought to be, and probably will be, better
qualified for such demands than the present
generation, for they have had, as a rule, bet
ter opportunities for preparation than we have
had; but will they be able to meet and suc
cessiuily resolve the still more complicated
conditions that will necessarily arise as tne
| deeper and more subtle elements of physical
' and social laws are being revealed? It is only
I necessary to read the history of our own times
to discover that with every step of advancing
civilization we are brought into contact with
new and untried relations of the most embar
rassing .social, economical and political char
acter. - \
Not all of these relations— only a
few of them— have really been mastered and
adjusted, and it may be that we will be com
pelled to leave to those who shall come after
us the so.uion of some of the most serious and
difficult problems we have encountered.
There is to-day an accumulation of unsolved
I questions in every . department of human
j activity. It appears to us sometimes, as a
j matter of deep regret, that lite is so short.
Even so sage a philosopher as Herbert Spencer
indulges in the sad retrain of the old song:
Could a man be secure
That his days would endure
As of old, for a tnonsand long years,
What things he might know!
What things be might do!
And all without hurry or care.
But with our few years of competent work
ing capacity we individually accomplish but
little. It is true that the aggregate mass of
civilized community, appropriating,, to itself
the accumulated portions of all its parts, ap
pears to be moving somewhere with tre
mendous stride; but for what purpose and in
I what direction? Will the line of march ever
I come in this direction? . .
Be not discouraged, young man. These im
posing divisions of men engaged in labor,
trades, business operations and professions
are not all marching in one direction, and if
you will but have patience the opportunity
i will come for you to ."fall : in," and then the
I question will be. Can you keep step ta the
music? Will you be able to keep up with the
column? Will you push to the front? The
answers to those questions will depend largely
upon your training, but also upon your courage
and determination. "Qiveayouth resolution
and the alphabet," says Dr. Harden, "and who
shall place limits to his career?"
The speaker dwelt eloquently upon the
value of an education in fatting young men
for their proper place in life, and in con-
I elusion said :
Resolve to make your life useful and accom
plish something honorable In the world,
mailing a name worthy of your station and of
the age in which you live. ->
In the world's broad field of battle,
• In the bivouac of life,
Be not line dumb, driven cattle —
• Be a hero in the strife. •.
To stimulate such resolutions I have called
attention to the important fact. that a well
trained mind and a vigorous constitution,
under the control of a determined will, are the
characteristics of a great and invincible man.
It is such .a man who nofoniy shapes hi& own
destiny but gives tone to the community in
which he lives, impresses his personality upon
the country of which be is a citizen and leaves
an enduring record of. his work for all time.
Your future) is in ' your : hands and it only re
mains for you to say' what it shall be. You are
the "heirs of all the ages in the foremost ranks
of time." Keep your consciences clean,, keep
your hands steady. Keep your minds clear |
and then build; build with resolution and
build with care, and your work will endure
makinethe world better for your having lived
in it. Look »t the past and be wise.
: The hand that rounded Peter's dome, '<■'■ .
And groined the aisles of Christian Borne,
Wrought in a sad sincerity: . '
Himself from God he could not free; . ' '
He bullded better than he knew.
— ■ — — ♦ — '-—
SAN RAFAEL GRADUATES.
Student* of the High School Presented
With Sheepskins.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June s.— The com
mencement exercises of the San Ra.
fael High School were held in Gor
don's Opera-house this evening. The
graduating class included Dorothy
Boyen, William Hunter, Ida League,
Rudolph Lichtenberg, Alice McAllister,
Margaret Murray, Walter Nelson, Martha
Richardson, Jeannette Saunders, George
Scott and Helen Walker. Those assisting
in the musical programme were pianist,
Signer Martinez; violinist, Mr. Joseph;
violincelloist, Mr. Van der Mehden.
The usual essays by eraduates were
omitted and an address by Professor Hi
H. Powers of Stanford University was
given to the class instead. The diplomas
were awarded by Dr. W. F. Jones, presi
dent of the Board of Education.
CHOSE NEW OFFICERS.
Companions of the Forest Finish Their
Work and Adjourn.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jane s,— The Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
have completed their labors and adjourned.
San Francisco was chosen as the next
meeting-place, a $1 per capita tax voted
and the following officers elected and in
stalled :
Junior past grand chief companion, Mrs.
Annie' B. Andrews; grand chief com
panion, Mrs. M. A. Duke; G. S. C, Mrs.
Emma Harrington ; grand treasurer, Mis's
Bertha Hinz; grand secretary, Miss A. D.
Brewer; grand trustees — Mrs. M. E. Reed,
Mrs. Goldman, Mrs. M. A. Colman; grand
marshal, Mrs. E. J. D. Stein wez; grand
inside guard, Mrs. Muegge; grand outside
guard, Miss Lockwood.
MISS M. CONNERS TALKS
More Male Teachers Are Neces
sary in the Public
Schools.
Result of Democratic Primary—ReU
ance Sun Club Opens Its New
Trap Grounds.
ALAMEDA. Cal., June s.— The Ala
meda Auxiliary Woman's Suffrage Asso
ciation met this . afternoon in G. A. R.
Hall. Miss Mollie Conners of Oakland
addressed the ladies present on the ques
tion, "Should There Be More Men Em
ployed in Our Public Schools?"
She said that the strongest line of
woman's work was making due provision
for the children becoming moral and in
telligent citizens, capable of earning their
own living and competing successfully
with the world. Men engaged in their
numerous daily vocations leave women to
look out for the children, and these duties
have in creat part been handed on to other
women to fulfill in tbe public schools.
As an old schoolteacher, and speaking
from experience, she added that the re
sults obtained had not been the best re
sults. There had been a great waste of
taxpayers' money, children's time and
teachers' energies.
She urgtd women to act, when they re
ceived their qualification to vote, so that
more men would be employed in the
j schoolß than at present. She considered
it was necessary to the cnild'e future well
being, whether male or female. No less
than five eirls passed through the gram
mar gra les to one boy, on the average,
and during this time the boy had notcome
in contact with his own sex.
The salary paid, in Miss Conners' opin
ion, was not sufficient to get m^n to enter
the profession. By men she meant men
of intellectual force and purpose, whose
indirect contact with the child, apart from
the information imparted, would have a
beneficial effect in molding its character.
The vice of the whoie system, to her
mind, was the method of appointment as
well as the want of fixity uf tenure. At
present everything depended on the
teacher's "pull." Energy and determina
tion to do one's work went for naught.
She therefore urged women to see that
Boards of Education and schools were
taken out of politics, and she suggested
the alolition of education boards as at
present constituted. Places must be made
in the schools for men— stron i men— and
it must Le made worth their while to stay
in the profession, and not use it as a stop
gap.
Dfmocratic Primary.
ALAMEDA, 'Cal., June s.— Unusual
in crest was manifested to-day by the
Democrats. Every available voter was
brought to the polls at Park street, which
were opened at midday and remained open
until 10 p. m. Tuose wi.ose names were
[ only on the West End and High-street
i rolls were challen cd.
J. T. Fleming opened a poll at West
End at 7 o'clock this evening, and con- j
tended that, if Frank Gould were, elected ;
chairman, tne Dageett-Fitzgeiald dele
gates would be seated, and the using of
two polling places ratified.
The judges at the Park-street booth i
were: George R. Rossiter, Michael Kane, |
F. H. Stanle and C. A. Snow; tellers, J. |
W. Hardeman, A. C. Toye, Edward Bley
man and Frederick Magill; inspectors, J.
T. Fleming and George Mcßea.
The Duwion Divorce Case.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June s.— The deposi
tions of City Marshal Rogers, Dr. G. P.
Reynolds and Mrs. Ellen St. Sure were
taken to-day on behalf of the defendant in
Seattle's sensational divorce case of Dr.
Louis R. Dawson against Maniie C. Daw
son. The depositions were in favor of
Mrs. Dawson.
Company G.
ALAM"EDA, Cal., June s.— The annual
meeting of Company G was presided over
by Lieutenant Simpson, in the absence of
Captain Chipman. It was decided to do
away with the initiation fee and monthly
dues. The following committees were
elected :
Armory — Lieutenant Simpson, Privates
Shafer and Knowland.
Auditing— Lieutenant Dohrman, Privates
Browning and Tenney.
Range— Sergeant Day, Corporals McDonald
and Wittiek.
Recruiting— Sergeant Whalley and Privates
Higby and Pickett.
Secretary— Joseph R. Knowland.
Trap-.Shootiiig
ALAMEDA, Cal., June s.— The Reliance
Gun Club" will open its new trap-shooting
grounds on the Alameda side of the
Webster-street bridge Sunday morning at
10 o'clock. The programme includes some
good events and provides for twenty-five
prizes. Known traps, unknown angles
and American Association rules will
govern. Black powder and ten-gauge
bores are barred.
NEW TO-DAY.
Golumbias
I AT ONCE. 1
The Columbia you want is ready for you I
Not a day's delay, if you chooa*» regular I
equipment. We have been preparing for I
months to meet the present great demand. 1
(pinnToAli *" l> ' w "* » I
M>IUU Alike Women's Colombia* 1
Tandems $150 Tindanw.:. 1
• THE STOCK IS COMPLETE, i
HARTFORD BICYCLES. I
$65, $50, $45. B
B Such quality at such prices Is unheard of. H
El But Hartfor'Ja nre leaders In both price H
I ; aud goodness. Regular models ready for H
I immediate delivery. . El
I POPE MASUFACTURISG COMPANY, I
344 POST STREET. g
COLUMBIA CYCLERY, v 1
1974- PACE. NEAR STAN VAN. M
HUDYAN w IIENYOU BE £ IN TO
nu» l-» i i-n "« ▼» have bad dreams,
M11 _.,. M when you begin to feel
HUDYAN tired and weary In the
morning, when you can t
UIinVAM look your fellow square in
nUIJ I the face, when you feel
timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
n \J lj I /m^i must hnve a Iriend to
il l ir\ w a M ■ hel P you. • Hu d y an is your
HUDYAN friend. Hudyan is man's
best friend. Hudyan stops
14 I IF! VA M bad dreams, night losses,
nUUInli cur failing manhood, re-
' :-'- : -l *« m\ « . news, remakes man. If
HUDYAN JO" r don't sleep well, il
v\\ju i r\i* -. ((nr appetite i, poor, if
HUDYAN you are suffering from the
HUDYAN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
HIinVAM Yon need something to
nUUIMIN brace you p. Take the
best you can get. You
HUDYAN can get Hudyan only by
nuwin " spplving to th* doctors of
HUDYAN the "Hudson Medical In-
HUDYAIN .stitute.
*************
if HUDYAN *
Circular* and Testimonials
if FREE. . *
*************
HUDSON MEDICAL HSTITCTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
TAINTED BLOOD.
WHTF.D BLOOD Impure blood, due to
™, - nJ? P. HI! serious private disorders,
TAINTED BLOOD carries myriads of sore-
iTlVTin Pin/Hi producing germs, Ihen
lAiilibU uLMUIf come sore throat, pimples,
Tlll'TPH 111 HUH copper-colored spots, ul-
JHUIiiU DijlM/U C ers in mouth, old sores
TAINTED BLOOD and falling hair You can
Ull-TL'ii UinAft save a trip to Hot Springs
. lAIili.D KL'IOD by writing for "Blood
TllVTFfl KlOllll Book" to the old physl-
llllir.U DLUUU ciansof the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEYS Many men lead rapia
Many men lead rapid
i/ir\MP vo lives and subject them-
KIDNEYS selves to such baneful
practices that their kid-
] I/inMCVC neysare almost used up.
IS. lUIN C. I O These are a few of the
effects of wasted kidneys:
i KIDNEYS Gr eat Weakness-Thirst
i-wiw.-ii-* JO —Excessive Quantity of
i/tnMr<i7r> Water, I'assed — Kinacla-
■ KIDNEYS — Specific Gravity
High— Bilious Attacks—
• l/inMCVO Cramps— Neuralgic Pains
, I IVIUINCIO —Sudden Sweats— Failure
of Vision— Catarrh— L.OS 3
' KIDNEYS of Sexual Power— Mouth
, MUINCIO Dry -Tongue Coated -
-1 i/ir\Mr\/o Gums Sore and Bleed Kas-
! KIDNEYS Hy-Appetite Variabe—
; Flatulence — Constipation
, I/mMCVC or Diarrhoea— Skin Dry
IS. I UINC.ro and Yellowish — Boils-
Carbuncle — Eczema and
KIDNEYS Itcbi Swelling of
.f\.lLsmc-r O cr Extremities -Loss of
I/ir . M __ Flesh. If you want to
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
neys write for the book,
KIDNEYS « yB ."° owle ' lBe i '> l Kl<l -
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
LIVER When your liver Is affected
j i_i v **•■ you may feel blue, melancholy,
I. iirr^r-k irritable and easily discon-
LIVER certed. You will notice many
symptoms that you really have,
I i\/n*D and many that you really do not
lit V CM have. You need a good liver
regulator, and this you should
LIVER take at once. You can get it
i »_i v cr» from us. Write for book on.
is nrnpi liver troubles, "All About the
LIVER Liver," sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SWiIH DISEASES
Hill SWAy
ABSOLUTELY CXTBE3. 11l II I 111 til |
?u<s limpla application of "Sw iris's Oihtvivt" without
anr internal medicine, wilt cure any tut of Tetter, Salt
Rheum. Ringworm, Pllfi.lUih.Porf i. Pimplr-s.Ki7ilpr'.«.4<i
no matter bow obstinate or long ■taodioc. &*M b.T drugging
tar t»nt by mail for 50 em. S I)oxm, fl.lS Aidrets. Da.
Bw»f»»* Son, f tilKUlftew, fa. Aii jraiu draojU»fcf|S>
uTu^Vnil fc°re Tnroat, Pimples, Copp«r- Jj
U'flliAjE IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Bore*. M
yg Ulcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling! "Write (OOE
»; REMEDY CO., 307 Masonic Ternple«3
Hchlcaco, II!., lor proofs of cures. Cupl-M
f$T. tul, 9500,000. Worst cases cured In 15 «
Wto 35 day. 100-page book, fr **« K<
J .*%lfl9?^^&'*B Bie'«S ia a non-polsonon«
c^HpP> remedy . for Gonorrhea,
Gleet, Spermaturrhu<a,
fm9win Ito 6 d»r«. %l Whites, unnatural dig-
! Jjnr Qn»r»ntKd V charges, or any inllamma-
Htf not to (trietare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
|^2 3 Prevent* contagion. tion of mucous mem-
KSImEvANSCHEMifuOo. branes. Non-astringent.
VffILciNCINNATI.O Ki]| Sold by nrnnrlulD,
i W& rr « 4 VSm^or sent in plain -wrapper,
2s&lgSl- a^™ by expreM prepaid, or
; «^Bfcte^pR 8 M f. l - 00 ' or 3 bottles, 5.75.
i ****f&3*Stetr&* IS Circular scut or. - noat.
issopluli
1 The pur« essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
i without ; ta noxious elements. No nicknesg cf stomach |
I no Tomlt Ing ;no costivenaM , no headache. All Druggist*.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON* ST3.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & CO.
' European plan. Kooms 800 to *1 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week. $H to $30 per month : tree baths:
i hot and cold water every room; lire grate* iv
> every room: elevator runs all night
When ordering please mention Call.
jffiVDEWEY &,CO. |^gßfc.
E .^PATENTS- 3
>^220 MARKET .KU&&.
I Weak Men find Women
SHOULD TJ«E DAMIANA BITTERS, THiS
great Mexican Remedy ; give* iiealt* *a 4
; IbUeuKili to Ui« buxuai Orcaa*
Ifc imm nmr» m i . .POLITICS IN SAN
JOAQUIN COUNTY,
Warfare in the Camp of
Democrats in Budd's
Bailiwick*
A CLASH OF FACTIONS.
Chairman Gould's Friends Seek
to Prevent His Being
Turned Down.
DAGGETT'S WORKERS ON HAND.
Lively Contest for Control of the
Convention at Stockton
ToDay.
STOCKTON, Cal., June s.— The Dem
ocratic County Convention to-morrow
promises to be a lively one. While mat
ters political in the Democratic ranks have
been running smoothly on the surface
there has been strife underneath and to
morrow the friends of Chairman Gould
will make a strong effort to prevent his be
ing turned down in the convention.
When the Government mint delegation
arrived in Stockton from San Francisco
last Saturday it was corralled by a promi
nent Democratic worker who asked each
member what he was here for. The dele
pates were headed by Andrew Cuneo. The
mint employes replied that they merely
came up for the purpose of exercising their
right to vote at the primaries, but they
have been here ever since. They were told
that if they had any job that they were
trying to work that they might as well go
back to their work as matters had been so
iixed here that theirs would be a hopeless
task.
The same politician who called them to
account for their presence in Stockton at
once telephoned to Mint Superintendent
Daggett asked him if he had sent the
in hit delegation to this city for any pur
pose, but Daugett denied very emphat
ically that he uad. He said that the men
asked permission to go and that he did
not like to deny any man the privilege of
voting.
Local Democrats took this for what it
was worth and watched Cuneo and his
crowd while they were wirepulling. They
were told at the start that it was of no use
to attempt to prevent a silver delegation
from going to Sacramento, but they have
been working diligently since their ar
rival.
"Jack" Dennigan and another San Fran
cisco contingent were also rounded up on
their arrival, but they declared that they
did not have a knife out for Gould or any
one else, but that they were here solely in
the interests of silver and intended to help
the local men Send none but a free-silver
delegation to the State Convention on the
16th.
Everything has been quiet until to-day.
but the way leading Democrats have been
outtonholing delegates to to-morrow's
convention indicates that there is trouble
in the air. As matters stand this evening,
the following will be delegates to the State
ntion: Frank D. Nicol, Marion de
Vries, W. R. Jacobs, Frank H. Gould, H.
K. McNoble, Colonel J. J. Nunan, W. M.
in, Michael Brisco, John D. Gall.
Supervisor Shepherd will be one of the
es from the country.
There was some fear on the part of his
staunchest friends this afternoon that
Gould would be turned down and not sent
to tne convention. If such a job is on
foot, it is liable to make matters lively in
tiie convention to-morrow. His friends
nvy that Gould is willing to go to Sacra
mento under instructions to vote only for
silver men for National delegates, no mat
ter what his individual inclinations may
be in that regard.
The others have said all along that no
one who had the interests of the silver
cause at heart should go the State Conven
tion, and so the situation is to-night.
Marion de Vries, Assistant District At
torney for this county, and probable nomi
nee for Congress from this district, will,
without doubt, be the chairman of the
convention to-morrow. All sides like him
and there will probably be no opposition
to him. There are nineteen delegates to be
selected from San Joaquin County.
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE,
Don Jose Mascarel Wedded to a
Woman Believed to
Be Dying.
Legal Ratification of a Union With
One Who Bore His Name for
Over Thirty Years.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 5.— A strange
marriage ceremony that supplied the sen
sation of the day in Los Angeles was per
formed under the rites of the Catholic
church yesterday. Don Jose Mascarelwas
the groom, and the woman whom he led
to the altar was one with whom he had
lived for over thirty years, she baring dur
ing that time borne his name.
Don Jose Mascarel, aged capitalist and
pioneer, has been for many years one of
Los Angeles' best-known citizens. In
days past he was a successful politician.
He tilled the mayoralty xshair in early
days, but bis labors in the political field
have generally been in behalf of friends
rather than himself. Don Jose caone to
the coast in 1844 and for years was en
gaged in placer mining. He has resided
here for m any years and is recognized as
a quaint, original and sagacious man.
Don Jose acquired great wealth, his pos
sessions being valued at $1,000,000. He is
a director in the Farmers' and Merchant^'
Bank. The woman with whom he had
lived was known as Maria Jesus Mascarel,
a native of Sonora, Mexico.
The ceremony of yesterday was solem
nized without a license. The cause which
led to this late marriage is a matter of
conjecture among Mascarel's friends,
since no explanation is vouchsafed by
him. It is known, however, that the
a^ed senorita was ill and believed her end
was near. The reason no license was
sued was that an objection was tiled
with the County Clerk by J. P. Goytino, a
son-in-law. After consulting a lawyer
Mascarel made up his mind that in this
instance no license was necessary, and
the ceremony was performed in the usual
way without a marriage certificate.
The marriage settles all property in
terests, and Don Jose is said to be greatly
elated at his adroit coup, by which Goy
tino's opposition was rendered unavailing.
RIVER AND HARBOR CONTRACTS.
Washington's Great Gain When Cleve
land* Veto Wan Overridden.
SEATTLE, Wash., June s.— ln a pri
vate dispatch to Hon. Roger S. Greene,
United States Senator Squire says of the
rivers and h.irbors bill, recently passed
over the President's veto, that "it is one
of the most valuable and important bills
ever passed by Congress, and contains
more of value to the State of Washington
than any other bill ever before presented,
or likely to be presented in the future,"
and that "the great project for Grays har
bor was adopted and a contract for the
whole work, costing $1,000,000, authorized,
besides liberal appropriations for the Lake
Washington canal, the Columbia. Skaeit,
Nooksack, Duwamish and Puyallup rivers
and Everett and Olympia harbors."
•■
V HIS CESS AXGEL.IXE'B BURIAL.
Ten. Thou* and Persona Pny Tribute to
the Dusky Heroine.
SEATTLE, Wash., June s.— The kindly
regard and affection for the Indian Prin
cess, Angeline, by the people of this city,
was fully attested to-day by the attend
ance at her funeral, which took place in
the Church of Our Lady of Good Help,
Father Prefountaine officiating. More
than 2000 people, including nearly every
pioneer of Seattle were present and fully
10,000 persons viewed the body as it lay in
state.
In compliance with her oft-expressed
wish, Princess Angeline's body, incased
in a unique canoe-shaped casket, was laid
to rest beside her lifelong ''tillacums" and
lamented pioneers, Hilary Butler and
Henry L. Yesler.
DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR
Two Armenian Women Drown
Themselves When Stolen
by Turks.
Pitiful Sufferings of the Race De
scribed in a Letter to a
Seattle Man.
SEATTLE, Wash., June s.— "My mother
and sister forfeited their lives to save their
honor," writes an Armenian to his cousin,
K. J. Phflippo, another Armenian, of this
city. After visiting Palon, formerly a city
of 50,000 people, but which by the Turkish
butcheries has been reduced to about 300
souls, in quest of his mother and sister,
the writer says he found that after having
been stolen by the Turks the two women
had thrown themselves into a river and
were drowned, "preferring death to dis
honor," Continuing, the writer says:
"Little the people of a peaceful nation
realize the terrible privations the Armen
ians are subjected to. Being the weakest
of the many tribes in Turkey and the
especial butt of Turkish savages, every
man's hand is turned against them. They
eternally sleep over a slumbering volcano.
They know not at what moment their
houses will be pillaged, their stores looted
and their wives, daughters and sisters
dishonored."
Describing the ruin and destruction at
Palon the writer concludes: "At first we
were stunned and paralyzed at such scenes
of carnage, ruin and devastation — scenes
of wrecked business, blighted hopes and
dear relatives lying in the gutters welter
ing in their own ulood — but now we are
so used to such scenes that when God's
hand is lai'.l upon us instead of raving and
lamenting our condition we quietly go to
work, bury our dead, mourn our stolen
wives and restore our homes. Sometimes
my faith in an all merciful God is almost
shattered, but I suppose in his own time
he will make all clear."
Hedgea Mine Receivership.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June s.— ln the case
of the Golden Cross Mining and Milling
Company vs. James Spiers, et al., in which
the plaintiff prayed for the appointment
of a receiver to take charge of the group
of mines at Hedges, on the desert in this
county, and alleged mismanagement of
the property on the part of defendants,
who had possession of the mines as trus
tees for the benefit of the creditors, Judge
Pierce to-day granted the temporary in
junction prayed for and appointed W. W.
Stewart of this city as receiver, fixing the
required bond at $25,000.
Mr. Stewart, who in times past had con
siderable experience on this coast as a
practical miner, will be compelled to go to
Hedges and give the valuable properties
his personal attention. The mines are ex
tensive and are considered to be very
valuable. The mill at Hedges has 140
stamps and, according to report, the
mines have produced a fortune in a
month's run.
MACHINES ARE TABOOED
The Labor Council I,aat Night Paused
Strong Resolutions in Favor of
Hand Typesetting.
At the regular meeting of the Labor
Council last evening five new delegates
were sworn to seats from the Typographi
cal Union in place of the five who re
signed. Owing to the action taken by this
union regarding type-setting machines the
following resolutions were adopted by the
council:
Ban Francisco, Cal., June 5, 1896.
Wheeeas, The introduction of typesetting
machines in this city has had the effect of
throwing out of employment a large number
of worklngmen— typesetters — who have been
heretofore among the highest class of wage
enrners, and whose waeies were spent among
the grocers, bakers, butchers, landlords and
rn< Tenants generally to the amount of at least
$250,000 yearly; and whereas, a large portion
of these workmen— skilled mechanics— are Dast
the age when they can take up another trade,
thus being driven into the already over
crowded ranks of unskilled labor, therefore
be it
Eeaolved, That it is the sense of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council that all workingmen
wlionld give their patronage only to those
offices — book, job and newspapers — where the
typesetting is done by hand to the end that
hand compositors may not be deprived of a
means of livelihood.
Resolved, That a copy of the above preamble
and resolution be furnished to the daily press
with a request that it be published.
The following are the newspapers in San
Francisco in which these machines have
not been introduced:
The Daily and Weekly San Francisco Call.
the Daily and Weekly Journal of Commerce,
the Daily Commercial News, the Weekly
Herald of Trude , the Weekly Star, Hayes Val
ley Advertiser, the Monitor, San Francisco
American, American Patriot, Breeder and
Sportsman, Coast Seaman's Journal, Voice of
Labor, News Letter.
By patronizing the papers and offices who do
not use the machines you will benefit the com
munity by keeping men in employment and
increasing the money circulation. They are
entitled to your assistance in the unequal
struggle they are waging in the interest oi the
wageworker and the printers' trade. By
assisting us, with no cost to yourselves, you
.vim ply retain $250,000 annually in the
community.
A large number of job printers are also men
tioned as pou- users of machines.
A communication was read from the
Trades Council asking the Labor Council
to indorse the strike which they have in
stituted on the entire Parrott building.
This matter was referred to the execu
tive committee and the secretary was in
structed to communicate with the Build
ing Trades Council that committees luay
confer for further enlightenment.
The Brewery Workmen's Union sent a
communication thanking the council for
the action in connection with the patron
age of two union breweries.
Judge Wallace's prosecution demanded in
Barry's Star. Eed-hot issue. Five cents. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
THE TROUBLES OF
THE DEMOCRACY.
Federal Brigade Hopes Still
Turn to the State
Convention.
M'NAB TELLS ITS STORY.
Prospects That the Daggett-
McNab Combination Will
Lose.
SINGLE TAX TO THE FBONT.
T. J. Clunie Is out for Congress
Regardless and Figures With
the Populists.
As the Democratic State Convention
nears the Federal brigade loses some of its
fury for gold and the administration.owing
to the tide of silver sentiment in tlie party,
but as it figures on seating the Daggett-
Rainey-McNab-Gould delegation from this
City and would in that event need but 147
additional votes it is still figuring on vic
tory.
John T. Gaffey, Collector at Los Angeles
and boss of the Southern Federal brigade,
is here playing State politics, and McNab
is trying to^vork some of his collection of
combinations with him. Daggett is losing
no tricks, and Wise from his apparent
political seclusion is peekiug out through
the cracks and working quietly. The
Junta expects to be recognized, and
Rainey and Lanigan expect to run the
local party.
The San Francisco contest will remain
uncertain nntil the convention meets, but
there is an increasing prospect that Gould,
Daggett, McNab and Kainey will be turned
down, and that the big end of the local
Democracy will win recognition. The silver
ites are largely against the Federal brigade
on everything, and then the widespread
antipathy to Daggett, who is hot after the
State machine, with ambition to be boss
of the party in this State, is going to cut
a big figure in the convention.
The leading Democrats all over the
State who are not controlled in some way
by Federal patronage are ready to re
pudiate Daggett and the leadership he is
tryine to establish after having been
kicked out of the party some years aeo
and restored to a position of advantage by
the railroad. Gould is known to be really
the creature while nominally the political
partner of Daggett, and the tricks of Gavin
McNab have not won friends for the com
bination, of which Sam Rainey, now hid
ing in the brush, is the biggest local part.
The strength of the Buckleyites among
the outside delegates is naturally con
cealed. Friends are not paraded as such
to give the enemy information, but the
Buckley delegation is confident of victory.
The single-tax movement is going to bob
up prominently at the convention. Joseph
Leggett, Congressman Masiuire, James H.
Barry and other leading single-taxers in
the party will shove forward a resolution
in favor of submitting to the people a con
stitutional amendment allowing the Leg
islature to exempt certain kinds of per
sonal property from taxation and to
enable towns, cities and counties to
make such exemptions from local taxa
tion if they desire to do so. The idea is
not to ask for the establishment of the
single-tax at once, but merely to open the
way for the people to do with it as they
will. The much talked of exemption of
shipping from taxation, in which so much
interest is taken, is one of the things sin
gle-taxers want to bring about.
So far no candidate for the convention
chairmanship except Lieutenant-Gover
nor Jeter has been prominently put for
ward in opposition to Gould, but there is
time enough for much chairmanship
scheming, and the opposition to Daggett,
Gould, McNab and Kainey will center on
Jeter or some other candidate before the
lGth inst. Gavin McNab is busy with all
sorts of combinations and things intended
to be sprung suddenly, as was the sur
reptitious- Fourth District Congressional
Convention of the Junta the other night.
Mr. McNab thinks that he knows
just exactly what the convention will do
from start to finish, as he can see no way
for the programme he is helping to operate
can fail. The ideas of Mr. McNab about
the State Convention will interest many.
They were given to a Call reporter yes
terday in the following interview:
"There is not the slightest question
about Mr. Gould's election as chairman of
the convention. He is elected already.
Senator White would certainly not be a
candidate against Mr. Gould. He is in
debted to Mr. Gould for services rendered
him in his candidacy for the United States
Senatorship and Mr. White is not in the
habit of repaying services that way. Mr.
Foote informed me some time ago that
he would under no circumstances be. a
candidate for the chairmanship. He is a
candidate for delegate-at-large to tiie Na
tional Convention. I think that Lieu
tenant - Governor Jeter is a candidate
against his will. The Buckleyites, like
drowning men. had to find a victim to
pull under with them. lam satisfied that
Mr. Jeter's name will not be presented
and that there will be no candidate ex
cept Mr. Gould.
"The contest rrom this City is so well
settled that it is no longer worth talking
about.
"The convention will adopt an anti-
A. P. A. plank. lam personally favorable
to woman suffrage, but I do not think that
it will be incorporated in the platform.
The report of the committee on platform
wiil not mention it. A resolution will
probably be introduced and voted down.
Tiie attitude of the party is mainly due to
the opposition amontr the German ele
ment, which fears sumptuary legislation.
One of the seven or eight county conven
tions in the Stats in which it has been
brought up, so far has failed to vote it
down. Kings County has favored suf
frage, and Tulare, among those yet to hold
conventions, will likely do so.
"Both these oounties will send delega
tions with advanced ideas. I think that
the ten delegates from Tulare County will
favor the single tax; Kings will be strong
that way and the single tax will have a
scattering support from other quarters.
"It is probable that the convention will
recommend to county conventions the
pledging of legislative candidates to co
operate with Governor Budd in his efforts
to lower State taxation by supporting leg
islation to carry his recommendations
into effect. Governor Budd will be in
dorsed beyond any question.
"Cleveland's policy will be indorsed, I
believe, in general terms. There is likely
to be some friction over this owing to the
intense feeling on the financial question,
but this will be tempered by the fact that
the National Convention will be beyond
any doubt overwhelmingly for free silver
at 16 to 1. This will have a tendency to
make the silver men more consprvativo
because the responsibility of success or de
feat is on them. Neither the silver nor
the gold men in California are as violent
as in many other States. The gold men.
though numerous in the convention, will
occupy a very philosophical position and
will be too Democratic to oppose any
thing that might appear the prevailing
wish of the people."
CLUNIE, THE COQUETTE.
Complete Revelation of What This
Man Would Do to Get Votes
in the Fifth.
The revelation of the Congressional can
didacy of Thomas J. Clunie in the Fifth
District is an early illustration of the ten
dency, somewhat vague as yet, toward
combinations among silver Democrats,
independent silver men and Populists this
year and toward the profaning of party
shrines.
Clunie, who has come out as a rival of
Joseph P. Kelly in the race for the Demo
cratic nomination in the Fifth District,
proposes to run whether he gets the regu
lar Democratic nomination or not. If he
does not get this nomination he will run
independently, if necessary, he says; but
run he will. He is also coquettishly wooing
the Populists, and the Populists half smit
ten are looking him over with a great deal
oi interest and meditation.
Mr. Clunie has an idea that it would feel
good to be a fusion candidate and that
fusion candidates are going to be stylish
this political season. He has reached the
conclusion that the man who gets the
most votes will go to Congress, and has a
theory that party nominations are worth
votes— the more nominations, the more
votes.
The ex-Congressman can, of course,
claim good standiug in the Democratic
party. He is a big man in some silver par
ties, being one of the three members of the
State Executive Committee of the Ameri
can National Bimetallic Union, which is
running the inchoate independent free
silver party and National Commilteeman
for California in the Bimetallic Demo
cratic National Committee. The latter or
ganization is the one formed some months
ago within the Democratic party, with
Senator lsnam G. Harris of Tennessee as
chairman. He is thus ready to play the
free silver issue for all it is worth in his
district.
The Populists regard free silver as their
leading issue, and are showing a disposi
tion to take up satisfactory free silver or
independent Democrats where they have
no chance of independent victory. During
tne laßt few days Clunie has met the Popu
list leaders, and while he says that he is
not a Populist, there is much in their plat
forms which he can support. H© has ac
quired much admiration for the Populist
leaders, too, and even has an idea tbat the
Democrats and Populists may send T. V.
Cator to the United States Senate. With
the possibilitiesof Democrats, independent
free silver, Populist and independent
nominations before him, Clunie thinks he
is in the procession.
The Populists just now, however, are
rather shading their heads at Clunie's go
ing for the Democratic nomination. They
have an idea that they could carry him
with better grace and comfort if he would
aeciare himself an independent and let
them get in behind him.
It isn't time yet to bet on Clunie's get
ting the Democratic nomination. The local
Democratic gulf is not charted. San
h rancisco will have eighty-five votes in the
Fifth District convention, and who and
what they will represent depends on
whether the Junta or the Buckley delega
tion is seated at Sacramento or whether
the recognition is divided. McNab and
those fellows are down on Clunie because
his brother Andy is fighting on the other
side. Clunie is Retting in his work in
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties and
says that even Barney Murphy, the big
gold beetle, is for him. These are some of
the political things Mr. Clunie said yes
terday:
"Yes, i am a candidate for the Demo
cratic nomination, and I shall undoubt
edly run whether I get that nomination or
not. lam the only Democrat who ever
won in the district. If necessary I will
run as an independent. Party nomina
tions will not count for as much this year
as ordinarily. Money is the great issue,
and the people will vote for the men who
represent their ideas. I have <»n idea that
the Democrats and Populists will center
ou a man in that district. In fact, my
hope is that there will be a general
National combination formed between
the parties. If the Democratic party
nominates a man like Morgan or like
Teller, on a free silver platform, I believe
the Populists will indorse him. If they
nominate different men there might be
combinations on electors. Suppose that
in this State we took four and the other
five and combined on the ticket, the Re
publicans vrould be defeated and each
party would get some electoral votes here
instead of none.
"I have been pleasantly surprised to
find the Populist leaders here men of such
good sense. Chairman Wardell is a very
level-headed man and T. V. Cator I ad
mire very much. I think it quite possible
that the Democrats and Populists may
unite on him for United States Senator.
"As to the local contest, I have taken no
hand in it, but as a Democrat I think the
party ought to get together. There are
good Democrats on both sides, and they
ought to unite. That is the only chance
for success with the local ticket. Any talk
about my friendship with Buckley is all
bosh. I have had no relations with him
for years."
With a silvery laugh and a frolicsome
mem Mr. Clunie tapped with his toe,
kicked to the left and resumed the giddy
reel as the reporter withdrew.
Democratic Suffragists.
The regular semi-monthly meeting of
the Eqnal Rights Democratic Club was
held last Tuesday evening at Burkes Hall,
546 First street.
Fifty-three new members signed the roll,
making a total niembflrship of over 400
pledged for equal rights and a fair repre
sentation. The club intends holding its
meetings in different parts of the district.
The next meeting will be held at 420 Bran
nan street on Tuesday evening, June 16.
CARNIVAL RULERS.
Rivalry Already Begins) to Show Itnelf
in Various Quarters for Queens
and Kings.
Nothing on carnival matters has as yet
excited so much interest as the coming
election for festive rulers of the carnival
of the Golden Gate.
There will probably be three queens,
one resprese-iting California, the other
San Francisco and one chosen from among
the school children. A king will also be
chosen and one name has already been
suggested for that position, that of Mr.
Martin, treasurer of the Native Sons.
It has been decided that the names of
all contestants must be sent to the head
quarters accompanied by a photograph
and indorsed by two respectable citizens.
This has been done to prevent the en
trance of any undesirable element into the
contest. While the greatest latitude will
be allowed, the committee will reserve the
right to reject any nomination that may
not be up to the proper standard.
In the State contest the same rule will
apply. Letters containing ballots and
nominations, if sent to headquarters, will
be placed in the ballot-box and the results
announced twice a week during iiie early
part of the contest, and daily as it ap
proaches a close.
The honor of being chosen queen of
California for a week, and being known in
conjunction with that honor as the love
liest lady in the State, is one that will
stimulate many ladies and their friends to
strenuous exertions in this contest.
Balloting will commence July 1, and the
polls will close about two or three weeks
before the date of the carnival, in order
that the queen-to-be may have time to
prepare her resal robes. In all cases the
ballots will be 10 cents each.
Henry Will Not Talk.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June s.— Rev. J. Q. A.
Henry, the well-known A. P. A. lecturer,
was to speak to-morrow night in this city!
He will be unable to do so owing to the
strain on his Vocal organs.
TWO TOURISTS GET HOME
Dr. Williams, a Boston Nimrod,
With His Trophies of
the Jungle.
Fred Thoener Completes His Tramp
Around the Globe—Attempt
ing Siberia.
Dr. Williams, a wealthy Bostonian, ar
rived from the Orient on the Pacific Mail
steamship Peru yesterday. For fifteen
years the doctor has been a wanderer on
the face of the earth, but, unlike the com
mon run of globe-trotters, he has sought
the wilds.
From bagging bears in Montana to hunt
ing tigers in India and kangaroos in Aus
tralia he has passed from jungle to junele.
He holds that sport to be interesting
must possess an element of danger as
well as variety, and he has tried both.
Dr. Williams has spc-nt some time in
the southern part of Asia and hns brought
back the skins of three tigers as the tro
phies of several hunts along the Ganges,
Notwithstanding that the royal Bengal
tiger has been the prey of the sporting
British officers, there are plenty of him
left in the jungle, and he is just as fierce
and as much of a man-killer and man
eater as ever.
The Boston tourist took part in a num
ber of pig-sticking hunts, which he de
scribe? as intensely exciting and perilous.
In Australia and New Zealand the doctor
chased kangaroos and wallabies, the only
large animals of the southeastern conti
nent. Up in the northern wilds .of the
Rocky Mountains the world-wide sports
man sought pelts among the elks and griz
zlies and a number of these big animals
fell before his rifle.
He is on his way to his native city to
rest awhile before starting out again to
hunt over the globe.
Another of the Peru's passengers Is the
transcontinental tramp, Fred Thoener,
who lelt this City two years ago to walk
around the globe. He footed it across to
New York, where he took the steamer for
Europe. He went through Russia nnd in
tended to cross over Siberia to the Pacific,
but was halted on the frontier and his
passports confiscated. He made great ef
forts to continue his journey, and came
very near succeeding beyond his expecta
tions.
The officials of the Czar could not un
derstand why a man should care to tramp
toward the prison horrors oi Siberia, un
less he was a nihilist with designs upon
the convict colonies there, and came near
helping him thither in chains.
He was permitted, however, to go south,
and left the Russian dominions by way of
Persia, Afghanistan, and hence ] assed
into India. He had many escapes from
the perils that beset a lonely traveler
among the wild and savage people that
roam the plateaus of Southern Asia. At
Singapore he caught the regular steamer
for Hongkong and was enabled to take
passage on the Peru for this port.
BETRAYED BY HIS SHOES,
Captain Carrington Found One
of the Regulars in the
Militia Ranks.
Captain Warren to Be Court-Mar
tialed for Making False
Returns.
The rank and file of the First Regiment,
N. G. C, is all astir over the trouble of
Cactain Frank W. Warren, commanding
officer of Company H of that regiment.
The cause of this commotion amoa^ the
militia boys is that Captain Carrington of
the United States Army, detailed by the
Secretary of War at Washington to inspect
the State militia and report its condition
to headquarters, in discharging this duty
detected one of Uncle Sam's regulars in the
ranks of Company H when that company
mustered for inspection at the regimental
headquarters on Page street on the even
ing of April 3.
In passing along the rear rank the
trained eye of Uncle Sam's commissioned
officer lit on a pair of Government shoes
on the feet of one of the men.
Tnis cansed the inspecting officer to
make a more careful survey of the man
and the shoes. His furtuer observation
convinced him that the uniform worn by
this individual had a peculiar cut ami
make-up, a little different from that of
tne ciothes worn by the other men on
parade.
Captain Carrington was seen to stop
longer in front of this soldier than in
front of any other, but nothing was said
by him at the time.
He passed on, and when the inspection
was over and before the company was dis
missed a consultation was had between
the captain of the regulars and Major Jan
sen, who was also in the inspecting busi
ness, representing General Wartield.
Captain Warren was also consulted re
garding the personnel of his company, and
what followed can be surmised, as the pri
vate from the Presidio was calied to the
did you get those pimples and
facial blemishes ? Oh, you did
— from a sarsaparilla contain-
ing iodide of potassium, eh?
You should not take iodide of
potassium, it is sure to show on
your face. When you are blue,
melancholy, have a liver trouble,
you should use a remedy that
does its work and never tells
on the face.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have been taking your sarsa-
parilla, and think it is a wonderful rem-
edy. I have had catarrh of the head and
t;roat for seven years and have been
treated by doctors. I got Joy's Vegetable
Sarsapariila :;nd took it for about five
months, .mil from that day to this I have
never neeu uoubled with catarrh, and I
believe lam entirely well of it. I have
found it niatchle^. It is good to have
handy. HARRY L. FIMMELL,
Little Lake, Cal.
front and questioned, when his identity
was established.
From this incident charges were pre
ferred against Captain Warren for making
false returns and swearing to the same.
The matter will be investigated by a
court-martial as soon as Colonel McDon
ald is able to attend.
Sued the Stockholders.
J. J. Bowen and Charles F. Lett, stockhold
ers In the defunct Pacific Bank, were yester
day sued by Robert J. Mercer for their pro
rata of deposited money due a number of de
positors when the bank closed in June, 1893.
Mercer holds the claims of a number of depos
itors, and has sued for all of them.
Not John Belasco.
In an account of the arrest of three young
burglars on Thursday last for robbing
a junkshop it was stated that the latter was
owned by John Belasco at the corner of Ship
ley street and Hulbert place. The only man by
THE SUNDAY CALL
u^ik- I •..
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
TO-MORROWS ISSUE WIIA CONTAIN:
• The Sutter- street Mirage.
Things That Happen in the City.
Wonders of the Occult Arts — Magic Black and White.
The Daring Ride of Twenty-four Ohio Boys in Blue to Chatta-
nooga and to Death.
Those Who Teach and Those Who Study in the Lick School.
The Tricks of Kickers and How to Cure Them — Miss Russell's
Hints.
The Man Who Never Sleeps Twice in the Same Bed.
A Gown of Lilac Silk and Diamonds.
Knee Bfeeches and Velvet Coats for Men's Evening Dress.
Brand New Things for the Children.
Novelties in Science, Literature and Art
The New Books Reviewed.
Where Society Is Going for the Summer.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
OCEAIT STEAMSHIPS!
o. :o :% _c*3 in*.
ASTORIA ANIPOR™
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Mate of California gall*. June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia 5ai15...... ......June 7, 17 an* 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. *.
buODAU, PERKINS A CO, Genl. Snpts.
V. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
-' ... TO-
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3B*lx-st C1a55...... -$8.00
Second. Class ■ 48.00
!\.eals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO.,
v - ■ '-■'.::■ General Agents.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, LJ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 BY
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
«• S. ATJKT-KAi.IA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
8. S. ALAMK.DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 r. m. .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. : . es
J. D. RECK ELS A BROS. CO., Agts.
114 Montgomery St.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
•EWK HAMBURG-AMERICAS LI^E
j!^£^*?«l^ TWIN-SCItEVV EXPRESS
• - ■'■ a ***jy g ' : . Line from New York to ; ■ :
Plymouth (London), ChM-bour.?, . arls A .uamburg.
Normannla......Junell IF. Bismarck... June 25
A. Victoria^.. ...June 18 I C01umbia.. ........ Ju1y 2
I. Cab.', $95 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LOXDOV. 4 V h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHKRBOURG-PARIS. 6% h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V., or to KAHN A HER-
ZOG, Agents. 401 Californlast.. San Franclsco.Cal.
fALLEJO, HARE ISU>D. 'BEHfICU, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICEI.LO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— a, »
and 4 P. M. ; Saturday,' 1U:CO a. h., 3:30 r. HI
■ •• Sunday— B r. m. .: ■* >■ .
•4 *. K. only.
XABdlßs. MiMi«B 1, fl«r 4.
that name in the neighborhood resides on
Clara street and he denies that he owns a junk
shop or that he has suffered at the hands of
thieves.
Shinglers' Union.
The Shinglers' Union met last night, Presi
dent E. Murphy in the chair. The discussion
was on the action of the Trades Council in
not recognizing the shingiers as mechanics,
and it was decided to await for the decision of
the council at its next meeting. The union is
in a very prosperous condition. A hall com
mittee was appointed to secure a new meeting
place and the meeting adjourned to meet next
Friday evening.
To Seek for Gold.
The Waterford Gold Mining and Milllnß
Company was yesterday incorporated by L. F.
Walsh, F. L. Pritchard, W. F. Ambrose, E. F.
Campion and Pairick Walsh. Tha capital
stock is $2,000,00X>, of which $500 has been
subscribed. The company will engage in min
ing In the Paterson district, Mono County,
and develop Glen Run mines Nos. 1 and 2.
. OCEAN steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Aff«
Broadway wharf, siau Francisco, as -SSSSet
follows: i •-:-•
For Mf.ry Island. Lorln?, ramjet Jnneau. £11-
-lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at V a. m., Jane £,
13, 18, 28 July 3, 1«. Is. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom <Bellin«tham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
Juiii- 3. . 13. .*. .23. 28. ana every fifth
: day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
i the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
i at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townaend with
! Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m.. June "2, ti. 10,
14 1«. "22, 2i> 3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cms, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
i Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
- 4. 8. 12, 16, 2U. 21. 28 and every fourth day then-
j after. : ... _,
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
' (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
': Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. v.. .iv •• •£. n. 10, 14; is, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pas. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. v.. June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
aft r. ■WSmKMj
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. "
GOODALJU PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE mm U TRAJSATLASTIQOB
French T-.lt* to Havre.
nOMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH £k-**l
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler! by tiPyg£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ami
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first-class $160: second-class, $116.
) A TOUKAINE. CapU SanteUl . May 2$ Ba. it.
LA NORMANDIE...., ...Mar 23. 8 A. JC
LA GASCOGNE Ju c 20, 7 A. K.
LA i.wNDlr,....- July 4. 6 a. ic
LA GAS-COON July 25. 11 a. M.
LA NORM AN DIR August 1, 5 a. M.
LA BOUHGOGNE. Capt. L#bneuf. .June 6, 7 A. V.
mg- For further particulars apply to
„ „„ A,FORuEr, Agent,
™^« No ; 3 *?%X in* Green, New York.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /^-*» t%
fortnightly for the West Indies and %iSSat
Southampton, calling- un route at cerbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
t Through bills of lading, In connection with the
i Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
, ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
i-ABJROTT A CO., Agents,
..'..■ 308 California st,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
AtSP.M, Daily. ,
Sunday at 7 P. SI.
JtT* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
:■■■-.■ SXKAJttJiKS: • ■■ -:■ .. '-
T. C. Walker, ; J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Mala 805. Cai. Nay. and Ixnpt. Co
56
H3l£ r tiTftli
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cat.i.. one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Calx., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cai.v,. three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one-month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Cam, one year, by mail I- 60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail. .'.»• : I>6 o
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the countrjl on a vacation ? If
(0, it it no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for yon will
miss it. Orders given •to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone :.^.;; Maln-18»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery itreet, corner Clay: open until
B:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larf.a street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
11* Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DA VII. M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
Saturday" JTJNIS 6, 1896
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Judge Wallace should have put his own
house in order first.
As the case goes now Assessor Siebe is
the man who smiles.
Morgan talks of war with Spain a3
earnestly as if there might be money in it.
The noise of the Buckleyites denouncing
Buckley adds another humor to the situa
tion.
About the only thing a Grand Jury does
with any vigor is to dodge its oppor
tunities.
Silver is rising in the market as well as
in politics, in Europe as well as in
America.
If the Pacific Coast delegates at St. Louis
are united the Pacific Coast can have a
representative in the next Cabinet.
It is now charged that the Snltan subsi
dizes murder in Armenia with as much
regularity as if it were a state industry.
Democracy may promise free silver, but
the people will remember that Democracy
promised a tariff that would yield a
revenue. _
The Senate has got the filled cheese bill
out of the way st last and now we may
reasonably expect either business or an
adjournment.
Most of the City ofiicials are so predatory
that on a question of their character the
people would hardly make any other re
sponse than "rats."
The Democratic party will not die in its
boots on election day, for the plain reason
that it will be licked out of them before
the election takes place.
There is a prospect that when the crowd
arrives at the St. Louis convention it will
find the hotels have adopted cyclone prices
and are trying for a clean sweep.
To-morrow Demg the day of rest you
will need good reading to amuse your
leisure and the best way to get it is to
leave orders to-day for The Sunday Call.
It is said by New England Democrats
that the strength ol' the Ru«sell boom ia
its spontamety, and it may be added that
its weakness is its liability to spontaneous
combustion.
Congress has passed a bill providing a
Bum to pay off the last claims of the Co
lumbian Exposition, but that doesn't close
up the show. The distribution of medals
is still to come.
Some say the tariff is tbe main issue of
the campaign, and some assign that place
to the mouey question, but all agree that
the deQcit and the bonds are not going to
be forgotten.
The Junta stands for gold and the silver
Democrats of the City are for Buckley, so
the rural Democrats being against Buckley
and against gold will have to stay in the
woods when the convention meets.
According to the English papers they
aie not the Czar and Czarina, but the Tsar
and Tsaritsa, and we may as well adopt
tbe spelling, as it seems more like what
we might expect of a people who call Mos
cow Moskva.
This year will certainly see the breaking
up of the old alignment of parties. Men
who think alike will vote alik-e, and there
will be no more taik about protection
Democrats or Republicans who are in
clined to free trade.
Articles of established reputation can al
ways be haa if you insist on having them
anil there is no reason why any intelligent
customer should allow hinuelf to be im
posed on by tbe substitution of another
article of unknown value alleged to be
just as good.
As it is reported from Washington that
there is something of a scandal involved
in the selection of a design for the pro
posed monument to Sherman, the natural
inference is it is to be a case of higti art.
That is always regarded as scandalous in
this country.
Attention has been called to the fact that
this is the centennial of the Democratic
party, it having made its first Presidential
contest in 179G, when it undertook to elect
Jefferson as the successor of Washington.
It was beaten then by John Adams, and
now in its decrepid old age it can be beaten
by almost anybody.
There is a probability that the old rule
of Democratic conventions requiring a
two-thirds vote to nominate candidates
will be broken through this year as a mat
ter of necessity. Neither the silver nor the
gold wing of the party will havetwo-thirds
of the delegates, and as a compromise
seems impossible there must be either a
split in the convention or a nomination by
a simple majority vote.
The fact that the Liberals have gained
two seats in Parliament will occasion but
little interest outside of England itself.
Since the retirement of Gladstone British
Liberalism means nothing in which the
world takes the slightest interest or has
the least concern. It is hardly more than
a waste-basket of odds and ends which
the great man left behind him when he
went out of office.
JUDGE WALLACE AGAIN.
The testimony given by Judge Wallace
in the Siebe perjury case before Judge
Campbell on Thursday was about the
strangest that ever emanated from any
man hol'ling anytbine like his official po
sition. It was a source of new amaze
ment to those who have believed that
.fudges should be faithful in the perform
ance of their duties and impartial in the
administration of the law. It showed by
his own statements that Judge Wallace
made returns of his personal property
without caring whether they were true or
false and that he claimed for himself in
the case before Judge Campbell rights
which he would not accord to others in a
similar position before his own court.
When questioned as to the money he
had in bank at the time assessment rolls
for various years were made out, the Judge
made the strange declaration that he did
not know. According to his statement his
bank account was not balanced for years
at a time and he never knew whether he
had money in the bank or not. It seems
never to have occurred to him that the
tax law requires him to find out what he
has when he makes his returns to the As
sessor. By returning no money on hand
he virtually declared that he had none.
Ignorance of the possession of property is
no excuse when it would have been co
easy for him to learn from the bank what
money was due him, nor can ordinary
carelessness be accounted an excuse in a
man of his position engaged in the task of
performing a duty under the law which
requires him to make a true return of his
property under oath.
In regard to his refusal to permit an ap
praiser to enter his house and estimate
the value of his furniture, Judge Wallace
declared the case before Judge Campbell
to be a sham, inasmuch as it was not di
rected against Siebe at all, as pretended,
but was designed as a persecution of him
self. On the claim that the case is of that
nature be asserted he intends to stand on
his rights as a citizen, and it was on
these rights he based the defense of his
refusal to permit the expert to make the
appraisement.
The claim which Judge Wallace thus
makes before Judge Campbell is one he
would not permit in his own court. The
charge against Siebe before Wallace
is as much a sham as the one against
him before Campbell. How would it fare
with a witness before Judge Wallace who
should declare the prosecution of Siebe to
be only the scheme ot a politician to per
secute the Market-street Railway Com
pany? How would it fare with a witness
who, on such a claim, should assert his
intention to stand on his rights as a cit
izen? An answer can be found in the
way Secretary Willcutt has been treated.
In his own court Judge Wallace gives
every aid he can to the politician who is
conducting the prosecution which has for
its aim an unrevealed object which it is
difficult to believe to be to the public
interest. There are files and impris
onment for contempt of court dealt
out to witnesses who do not respond to
the questions of the prosecution before
Judge Wallace. His attitude on the
bench is very different from his attitude
on the witness-stand. He is one of the
Judges to whom it makes all the difference
in the world whose ox is gored. This is
why good citizens who desire to respect
the courts read his evidence with amaze
ment and are in doubt whether his con
duct as a Judge is not even worse than his
conduct in regard to his returns to the
Assessor.
CONTESTING DELEGATIONS.
The Chicago Democratic Convention is
almost sure to be a lepetition of the
Charleston convention in 18G0. There
probably would have been no very serious
split at Charleston had there not been so
many contesting delegations. Douglas
had a large following, and because
Buchanan's administration was making
war upon him hia friends were all the
more determined to stand by the "Little
Giant." The consequence was that there
were enough contesting delegates to do a
great deal of mischief, whTch they did,
and thus made Mr. Lincoln's election cer
tain. The combined vote of Douglas and
Breckinridge was larger than the vote
that gave the Presidency to the Republi
can candidate. The administration left
no stone unturned to cripple Douglas and
strengthen Breckinridge, but although the
administration candidate received fewer
votes than did Douglas the election of
either was made impossible.
At the Chicago convention there will be
enough delegates for two conventions, and
as the party is so badly split on the lead
ing question of the times it does not ap
pear how two conventions can be avoided.
The factions have gone to the utmost ex
treme on the money question, leaving no
place at all for a compromise, unless the
silverites surrender practically everything
they have been contending for. Under
the circumstances the Cleveland wing could
not afford to yield an inch, for that would
be construed as meaning an official rebuke
to the President, who ia, by virtue of his
office, the first man of the party.
But there is still another wedge playing
havoc with the party. The operation of
the Wilson-Gorman tariff act has demon
strated the fallacy of Democratic tariff
theories; besides there are now so many
Democrats interested In industrial enter
prises and who would leave tue party if it
should declare for a still lower schedule of
custom-house charges, that the factiona
are bound to make the money question the
leading issue. And, as we have said, the
factions are too widely separated on that
question to hope for unity.
Fortunately^ or unfortunately, the ultra
single goid-standard faction charge the
other side with being little less than idiots
when it comes to knowing anything about
financial problems, and the silver faction
retort by charging the goldites with having
sold out the party to New York and Lon
don bondocrats. But it is an ill wind that
blows nobody good, and the more bitter
the Democratic faction fight, the better it
will be for the country.
DEMOCRATIC STUPIDITY.
Perhaps they know what they are doing,
but it was bad policy and worse politics
for the Democratic side of the Senate to
obstruct progress on the immigration bill.
The only reason that can be given for
such an act of stupidity is that by
opposing the bill the Democratic party
tbinks it would make friends of the
foreign element of the country, but it
so happens tbat many of the strongest
advocates of the measure are foreign-born
citizens. The burden of the bill is io ex
clude adults who cannot read or write in
their own language, and this proposition
has met with the approval of nearly all
foreigners who have identified themselves
with this country.
But Democrats appear to be running
wild these days. Their band is against
everything and everybody that is calcu
lated to lift the country out of the mire
and clay into which it has been dragged
by Democratic recklessness. As to the
pending immigration bill it could not be
twisted into a reflection upon our foreign
born citizens. It is for their protection
quite as much, it nn t more than for th ose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
who were born here; besides they know
the Republican party is the friend and
protector of every worthy man, no matter
where he came from, who wants to become
a true and loyal citizen and provide him
self with a home of his own. The bill
should pass, because American home
builders need just such a law.
SILVER COINAGE IN EUROPE.
There is quite an active European de
mand for American silver. It comes from
France and Spain chiefly for coinage pur
poses, and the prices that are being ob
tained are a shade higher than London
quotations. It appears that the increas
ing demands of France and Spain more
especially for a larger volume of circulat
ing money medium is the cause of the
heavy buying of silver bullion in this
country. It is said that quite a number
of our smelters are sold ahead several
months, and that there is only a small
quantity of bullion now on the market in
this country.
It must be borne in mind that this de
mand is not to meet the requirements of
the arts and sciences, but for coinage pur
poses, and that, too, because it is needed
to give those countries a necessary addi
tion to their circulating money. If, then,
France and Spain can go ahead and coin
American silver into money independent
of the other nations of Europe, why can
not we? It is true, however distasteful
the fact may be to the advocates of the
gold standard, that the common people,
those who make wealth increases possible,
are everywhere demanding the unlimited
use of silver as a money metal, and no
doubt France and Spain are simply obey
ing public sentiment in throwing their
mints open to silver.
But coining silver in France and Spain
does net help us in this country only in so
far as the moral effect goes, but it should
stimulate us to more determined effort
than ever to oblige our Government to re
sume the coinage of the white metal. Our
trade, traffic and commerce is suffering
from a monetary stringency, and arbi
trarily so, for silver is arbitrarily ana in
excusably withheld from its natural,
proper and legitimate place in the avenues
of our business life.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
To-morrow's issue of The Call will,
perhaps, be ali the more interesting to the
general reader because there will not be
another wonderful scientific discovery to
chronicle at great length. There will be
the same number of pages, however, and
all of them will be lilled with the choicest
and most attractive of reading matter.
There are many novelties in the regular
Sunday departments and a host of bright
features handsomely and artistically illus
trated. "The Sntter-street Mirage" and
"Things That Happen in the City" will
be far from dull reading. There will be a
page of weird narratives about occult arts
and magic, perhaps the most striking of
which wili be told in the language of
Tautriadella, the great English necro
mancer and student of Bulwer Lytton.
There are some further studies of the |
California snake, by those who have met j
him, and quite a novel pictorial and letter- !
press description of Maisons d'Ore in dif
ferent parts of the world. The Sunday
Call, will, in truth, be filled with good
things for all kinds of readers, the titles
of which are far too numerous to mention
now.
A KENTUCKY ORATOR.
A new thinker, a rapturous orator, an econo
mist more luminous than light, has arisen in
Kentucky. His tongua is tipped with silver.
His deep eyes are as two full moons. On his
lips the dullest statistical details have the
beauty of roses. He makes political economy
more interesting than Stevenson and more
melodious than Swinburne. He can read a
table of figures with a voice so moving that
passing birds twitter and die at his feet, and
sheep forget their unprotected wool and hud
dle and bleat around him. He is the hope of
the "silver Democrats" of Mercer County. He is
the scourge of Wall street and the goldbugs.
Allow us to introduce the Hon. Hez Lung.—
New York Sun.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
The Democrats are in for a DonnybrookFair
at Chicago sure. Wherever a leading Demo
crat's head is in sight there will be another
leading Democrat ready to hit it.— New York
Eecordor.
The trouble with the jiound-money Demo
crats is that they stand off and talk about the
justice of their cause, while thefree-sllverites
pitch in end elect the delegates.— St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
Here is a ticket that ought to suit the "boys."
It is Boies and Dubois.— St. Joseph (Mo.) Her
ald.
These would be dull days in the United
States Senate but for the efforts of David B.
Hill to defend his dear friend, Mr. Cleveland.—
Cleveland Leader.
President Clevelan.l is one of the hardest
men to move in the country, both
physically and mentally.— Bridgeport (Conn.)
Post.
There will be no further experiments with
free trade in this country until a generation
arises that doesn't remember any of the re
sults of that last previous experiment.—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
What would it profit Governor Matthews to
gain the Democratic nomination on a free
silver platform and lose every Northern
State?— lndianapolis Journal.
It is a wonder that Boss Platt does not claim
the solid delegation of his State for Governor
Morton. He says McKinley sentiment in New
York is simply the talk of the "antis," when,
as a matter of fact, eight-tenths of the Repub
licans of the State favor the nomination of the
Ohio candidate.— Cleveland Leader.
Judge Gregorowski, the Orange Free State
magistrate who tried and pronounced sentence
on the Transvaal conspirators, is of Polish
origin, 39 years of age, and studied law at
Gray's Inn, in London.
THE "TRUE BLUE" FLAG.
The -McKinlcyitcs at the St. Louis Convention Will Wave This Flag When the
Ohio Man's Name Is Mentioned, it Will Be of Blue Silk. About a Foot
Square, Bearing White Stars and McKinley's Portrait in the Center.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"Those old river beds about Forest Hill,"
said Anthony Clark, the veteran gold-digger of
that region, yesterday at the Lick, as he roused
himself from a quiet nap, "are about the most
interesting things that can be Htudied. I own
the Big Channel placer property there, as well
as other hydraulic mines, but this is the prin
cipal one.
"There is no doubt about the natural chan
nels there being ancient river beds. I have
been mining there forty-four years and am
firmly convinced of it. We get our water in
that district from different streams. Our
water comes from Shirttail Creek, in El Do
rado County. There is an abundance of it,
and we are doing very well.
"I never knew of a better all-around mining
district than this. There is a lot of pretty
good mines there. They are mostly old mines,
"If yon raise a load of alfalfa or some livestock, you never know what price yon
will get, but if you dig out gold you always know," said Anthony Clark.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
I and they return a steady output to their own
ers.
"During these days the work on the mines is
being pushed right along. There has been a
j good deal of rain up there; almost too much.
| in fact. Nearly all our properties are gravel
! mines.
"Forest Hill is so high, being about 3300 feet
! above the sea, that the frost which came some
time ago, about cleaned us out of fruit. How
ever, there will be plenty of it in other parts of
the county.
"If you want a nice place to hunt quail,
rabbits, deer and bear, you can find it up in
our region. There are a great many mountain
quail, rabbits in abundance, some deer and a
good many bears. The bears are both black
and cinnamon.
"I used to hunt a good deal, and have killed
all kinds of game in times past, out latterly I
have not given much attention to it.
"No. I won't go home for a week or so, not
till I get out of money. As long as that lasts I
will stay. PossibJy I could get a little sack of
gold down, too, if I wanted it. You're right,
it is handy having a mine, where you can get
your gold out, weigh it and end the whole
matter there.
"One beauty about it is that gold never de
creases in value. You get it, and it is always
worth just so much. It flxeg its own value.
But if you raise a load of alfalfa, or drive a lot
of stock to town, or engage in raising other
things, yon never know what price you will
get. That's why I like gold mining."
COMING.
Faint and far-off, hear the murmur
Of an angel's fluttering wings;
. Faint and far-off, h ear the charmer
As her siren song she sings.
She is coming
Hear the bumming .'»:-. %
Of the faintly fluttering wings.
Pink and white, the eaeer mountain
Tops, expectant, stand ana wait;
Silver sands at Neptune's fountain
Tremble lent she should he late.
Eager mountain, -
Trembling fountain,
Expectant of her coming, wait.
Budding roses hold their blooming
Till her coming, and they furl
The fragrant flags of their perfuming
Till aha starts the season's whirl.
Hear the humming
Of the coming :
Of the same old summer girl.
W. J. Lampton in Life.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
M. Gervex is to paint a picture of the corona
tion af the Czar Nicholas for the city of; Paris,
on a canvas 33x24 feet.
Dr. Lapponi, physician to the Pope, says:
"If nothing unforeseen happens the hoiy
father's constitution is so sound that he may
well attain his one hundredth year."
Princess Youriewski, the morganatic widow
of the Czar Alexander 11, has bought several
acres of land at Nice, near the Boulevard de
Cimiez, and intends to build a large villa there.
Adolphe d'Ennery, the French playwright,
has tried in vain to keep secret the fact that he
and his wife have resolved to bequeath 2,000,
-000 francs to the French Actors' Benevolent
Fund.
There will be a huge bill for the English tax
payers to defray in connection with the Duke
and Duchess of Connaught's visit to Moscow.
All the arrangements were made on a scale of
the most lavish extravagance. Not only were
the royal party conveyed from the Thames to
the Neva in the Victoria and Albert, but that
yacht was escorted all the way by two men-of
war. / .
"All you have to do," said Jules Simon the
other day to President Faure, "is to ride
straight and not to read the newspapers. M.
Casimir-Perier lost his balance because he was
always perusing the cuttings about himself,
which after all were only dished up to goad
him on to resigning."
The late Judge Fair of Atlanta, Ga., was a
curious example of thrift carried to the verge
of monomania. In his desk after hia death
were found all the ink bottles he had ever used
—hundreds of them— and several thousand
worn-out pens, and large bundles of envelopes
which had been sent through the malls and
were wholly useless.
PERSONAL.
F. B. Jack of San Luis Obispo is at the Grand.
G. D. Mnlvehill of London is among the re
cent arrivals here.
Lieutenant Kendrick of the United States
navy is at the Occidental.
G. M. Francis, owner of the Napa Dally Reg
ister, arrived here yesterday.
Walter D. Tupper, ex-District Attorney of
Fresno County, is at the Lick.
D. A. Knight, the banker of Marysville, is on
a visit hero and is at the Palace.
H. A. Robertson and wife of Stockton are
guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Charles F. Montgomery, editor of the An
tioch Ledger, is at the Occidental.
Dr. Clarence E. Edwords, managing editor of
the Kansas City Journal, is in the City.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel is Mrs. J. H. Shiue, wife of Senator
Shine.
Edward Harris, a wealthy lumberman of
Eureka, is registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Charles JJerot of the Bank of Indo-China at
Haiphong, Tonquin, is at the Palace en route
to France.
Charles Crosby, a merchant of Melbourne,
Australia, is in town. He arrived on yester
day's steamer.
The Rev. E. R. Woodman, a missionary of
Tokio, arrived here on yesterday's steamer and
Is en route East.
Dr. C. W. Aby, formerly manager of Mrs.
Langtry'g ranch. 13 at the Grand. He registers
from Sitka, Alaska.
Lieutenant-Commander Edward W. Sturdy of
the United States navy arrived here yesterday
from the Orient and is at the Occidental.
Captain Bougoiny of Paris, who was for five
years military instructor in Japan, and who
is now interested in a line of ships plying in
and out of Japanese ports, is in the City.
A number of missionaries from India ar
rived here on yesterday's steamer and are en
route to visit friends in the East They are
Miss A. C. Thompson, Miss E. Thompson, Mrs.
B. Chappel and Miss Locke.
Colonel William Macdonald, who two weeks
ago contracted facial paralysis while visiting
his mines in Northern California and who has
since been under the treatment of Dr. Farrell,
has almost entirely recovered. He thinks he
will be able to be about and attend to business
again in a day or two.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June s.— At the Astor,
E. Brown; Imperial, G. E. Don; Gilsey, Mrs. S.
Ross; Continental, Mrs. Pennycock, Miss A.
Pennycock; Grand Union, S, P. Young;. St.
James, J. Whitehill. Sailed per steamer Stutt
gart for Bremen, Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Leuschner.
Sailed per steamship Ems for Genoa, via Gibral
tar, Pio Fortina.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Wheeler— Saw a thrilling thing to-day. Run
away horse went tearing along the sidewalk
out in the edge of town and nearly ran over a
dozen children before he was stopped.
Walker— l guess the fool beast thought he
was a bicycle. — Indianapolis Journal.
"Mr. Badger, your oldest little boy seems
badly spoiled."
"Yes, we can't do a thing with him, but he'll
come out all right; his younger brother will
soon be big enough to lick him."— Chicago
Record.
Ferry— Miss Morton told me that she thought
you were quite a humorist.
Hargreavea— Really, I— •
Ferry— At least I guess that was what she
meant when she said you were such a funny
little man.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Visitor— What makes you so ugly. Tommy?-
Don't you love your new little baby brother?
Tommy (viciously) — Well, I did till somebody
came in and said he looked like me.—Somer
ville Journal.
A certain professor, on being aaked what he
knew upon a particular subject, replied:
' 'Nothing; I have not even lectured upon it,
sir."-Tit-Bits.
Nanny Goat— What do you think of this new
movement in art?
Willie Goat (masticating a poster girl)— Well,
it diversifies our menu, anyhow.— Philadelpnia
North American.
Distressed Young Mother (traveling with a
crying infant)— Dear me! I don't know what
to do with this baby.
Kind and Thoughtful Bachelor (in the next
seat) — Shall I open the window for you,
madam?— Church Progress.
Parson (to youngster fishing on Sunday)— My
boy, I'm surprised to find you here.
Youngster (innocently)— Do you know some
other place where they bite better?— Up to
Date.
Mrs. Yeast— l wish I could think of some
thing to keep my husband home nights.
Mrs. Crlmsonbeak— Get him a bicycle.
Mrs. Yeast— 'Jhat would take him out more
than ever.
Mrs. Crimsonbeak— Oh, no, it wouldn't.
My husband got one day before yesterday and
the doctor says he won't be out fora month. —
Yonkers Statesman.
He— l see a New York firm is advertising
"flowers by telegnaph."
She— l prefer to have them with the stems.
I don't think they are as good wired. — Yonkers
Statesman.
We now have girls of every Kind:
The bloomer girl so pert,
The golf girl and tbe horsey girl,
Who wears her brother's shirt;
We have the giddy summer girl.
The winter girl as well;
But where, oh Where's the girley-girl?
Can anybody tell?— Philadelphia Record.
"Say, daddy, what is it that distinguishes
civilization from barbarity?"
"It i» very simple; civilization consists in
the art of killing your enemy with a cannon
ball at a distance of 6000 yards, and barbarity
in slashing his head off with a saber.— Le Gau
lois. .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Back Date— H. S., City. The 31st of May
1858, fell on a Monday.
Prominent Writers— A Reader, Bertha, Lake
County, Cal. The question in regard to Eng
lish and American writers is too indefinite to
admit of an answer
Five-Dollar Piece— G. M. 8., Geyserville,
Cal. No premium is offered for ass gold piece
of 1843. The selling price of such a piece by
dealers in coin is from $7 50 to $8 50.
CASINO— OId Subscriber. In the. game of
casino cards count first, and if in the final
play each party has made enough points to go
out the one wno holds cards wins the game.
Five-cent Piece— City. Silver five-cent
pieces of 1861 and 1862 do not command any
premium, as dealers are well supplied. The
dealers charge from 25 to 60 cents for a coin of
either date. : . . ._■ ■
One op 1824— A. F. W., Oakland, CaL A
half dollar of 1824 does not command any
premium, as there is no call for such, but if
you want to buy one you would have to pay
from 85 cents to $2 50.
Wedding Etiquette— R., City. An answer
to an invitation to a wedding is not necessary.
Those who cannot attend either send or leave
their cards for the hostess within a few days
after the wedding.
That Training School— H. H. W., Oakland,
CaL As no provision has yet been made for
the establishment of. the training school on
Goat Island, there is no place at present at
which to file applications.
Booth— A Call Reader, City. J. Wilkes
Booth, the assassin of President Lincoln, was
not a communicant of the church you name
in your letter of inquiry, and in fact, so far as
this department can learn, was not a commu
nicant of any church.
From the Battery— P. M., Sacramento, Cal.
The distance from the Battery, New York, to
Bledsoe Island, on which the Bartheldi statue
is standing, is a little more than a mile and
three-quarters; the distance from the same
point to Governor's Island a little more than
three-quarters of a mile.
Lake County— A Reader, Bertha, Lake Coun
ty, Cal. Lake County, California, is in the
Seventh Senatorial District and in the Tenth
Assembly District. Henry C. Gesford is the
State Senator representing that county. The
county is in the Third Congressional District,
which is represented by S. G. Hilborn.
Woman Suffrage— J. C. C, City. In The
Call of April 1, in "Answers to Correspond
ents," there was published under the head of
"Voting in England" the status of female suf
frage at this time. Women in that country
are disqualified as candidates for corporate
offices. They may be elected parish council
ors for urban district councils and they
may be candidates at elections for vestrymen.
The Oregon— N. P., City. The weight of the
bow anchor of the battle-ship Oregon, includ
ing the stock, is 12,874 pounds; that of the
sheet-anchor Is 12,873 pound*; the length of
chains(four main chains), 120 fathams each;
there are eight shackles on each chain; the
iron in the chain links is 2}*; inches thick;
there are four swivels on each chain; the in
side measurement of the links is, length 9
inches, width 4 inches; fifteen fathoms of
links weigh 4590 pounds, and each link weighs
about 38% pounds. These are figures kindly
furnished by George W. Dickie, manager of the
Union Iron Works at the Potrero. ' ■ " :
James King of William— F. a. R., Mil pitas,
Santa Clara County. James King of William
was editor of the San Francisco "Evening Bul
letin prior to May, 1856. He took an active
part, through his paper, in bringing about a
reformation of the corrupt methods- thai then
prevailed in the City government and for this
he was shot down by James P. Casey, a City
official. For this murder Casey was hanged by
the Vigilance Committe. He was the son of
William King and in order that letters that
were intended for him should not go to other
persons of the name of James King he adopted
the addition "of William."
Church Property— W. S. C, Livermore, Cal.,
Mrs. A. M. M., Hawthorne, Nev., and J. P. W.,
Smiths River, Cal. Church property is not ex
empt from taxation in California and Louisi
ana. In other States it is exempt; in some
States the exemption is limited to church
property in actual use; in others to all prop
erty, and still in others the exemption is for
property that is not rented, and in others "ex
empt under a certain valuation. A full list of
exemptions was published in Answers to Cor- i
respondents in The Call of February 26 of
this year. Where there is a Bishop that church
official is a corporation sole in this State, and
he holds the property belonging to the de
nomination. here church property is taxed
the Catholic churches have to pay just the
same as other denominations. This depart
ment has not the space to enter into the rea
sons for and against taxing church property.
There are too many of them, and they would
occupy more space than is allotted to Answers
to Correspondents.
: World's Gold and Silver— A. M., Aghews,
Cal. The following table is said to be a con
servative estimate of the gold and silver of the
world, which includes bullion and coin.
Country. ' Gold. Silver
France $1,000,000,000 $700,000,000
United States...'.. 650,000,000 690,000 000
Germany &50,000,000 145,000.000
Great Britain .... & 0,000.000 1 0,000 000 !
Russia 280,000,000 - 60.0U0',0U0 I
Italy :. 120,000,000 60,000,000 i
Spain... 100,000,000 125 000 000
Austria 75,000,000 100,000,000
India and China. 1,790,000,000 j
Total $0,265,000,000 $3,590,000,000 I
Other countries.. 635,000,000 . 310,000,000 I
Aggregate $3,900,000,000 $3,900,000,000 \
These figures are from M. L. Muhleman of
the United States Sub-Treasury at New York.
There are some statisticians who claim that the
aggregate of the estimate is too low by $1,000 •
000,000. The estimate ot the director of the
United States Mint is gold, 83.901,900,000
-silver, $3,931,100,000. ;..■;-;*.
-: ■ '" " — •
WANTS A PEACE CONGRESS.
Dr. Michel Re vou,. Philanthropist and
Investigator, Arrives Here.
Dr. Michel Revon, of Paris, formerly
professor of law in the University of
Tokio, and now proprietor of the leading
peace paper in the country, was among the
arrivals by the Peru yesterday. He has
been studying the civilization of Japan.
Dr. Revon is an ardent Believer that the
nations should go to war no more. He
has a strong belief that all international
disputes should be settled by arbitration.
War. he says, is utterly incompatible with
the good of humanity. He is desirous of
interesting this country in peace measures,
and that America with her advancement
and intelligence should do all in her power
to establish a court of arbitration. The
doctor will probably visit Washington and
interest Congress in the matter.
. — » — • — __ . ■
The Sightseers Will Go.
The sale of reserved seats lor to-morrow's ex
cursion to Sonoma Valley closes At 10 o'clock
this evening at 333 O'Farrell street. A num
ber of very nice parties have already engaged
seats together, while the members of the Sight
seers Club and their friends will practically
fill a car. The schedule is arranged so that the
excursionists may tarry an hour in old Souoma,
two hours at the baths at Aqua Caliente and
nearly four hours at Gien Ellen. It will be a
basket-lunch outing, but arrangements have
been made to feed a number at the notel.
•—♦--•• — ♦--•
Evangelist Ssyford.
S. M. Sayford, a prominent evangelist, who
1b an associate of Dwight L. Moody, will de
liver a special address to young people at the
Young Men's Christian Association audi- ]
toriuru, Mason aud Ellis streets, Sunday after
noon, at 3 o'clock. The gallery will be re
served for ladies. Mr. Sayford is one ol the
most prominent evangelist* ot the United
States, and the service promises to be un
usually interesting.
LADY'S WAIST WITH PLASTRON
FRONT.
A return to fitted waists is noted in many
handsome gowns. The oue shown here is fitted
by a dart on either side of the front, and has
the usual back, side form and under-arm gore
portions. The front has a vest effect, which li
much liked, as the vest or plastron may b«
made removable and thus admits of variety.
The waist is very slightly pointed, and may bo
worn with or without the belt or ribbon. -
A waist of blue mohair had a vest of white
pleated chiffon. The- revers and cuffs were
piped with white and a white ribbon collar
was worn.
A waist of pink silk, heavily crossbarred
with black had revers, standing collars and
cuffs of black faille francaise.
Soft baby cream, IDo pound, Townsend' s. •
• — « — •
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
London "butter-scotch" tablets. Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c. 8 1J^ Fourth
st. (nr. barber's). Sun days 738 Market (Kast's).*
— — — . — •— . > _
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 00c lb. &-7 Market st. •
.. — •— • —
. Sidi Ali, the 3ey of Tunis, is likely to en
counter a sea of troubles in the near future,
for he has decided to become an author. His
forthcoming book is to be entitled "The Guide
of the True Believer in the Path of Duty." It
deals with the sanitary and legal obligations
of the Mussulman, as well as with the tenets ot
his faith.
■ — •• — — «
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
.•. ♦ ♦
The X. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry, will
put on additional campers' and excursion
trains June 15, between San Francisco and
Point Reyes, arriving m San Francisco at 8:45
a. K. and leaving at 5:15 p. m., which runs
through a country unsurpassed for camping or
a day's outing. ■ \i^'*.r
The Reason* Family Excursion
San Jose and return $1. Iroquois Club out
ing. Train leaVes Third and Town send 9 o'clock,
Sunday, June 7. Valencia-street station 9:10.*
To San Jose and Alum Rock.
$1 round trip, Sunday, June 7. Palace cars
leave Third and Townsend streets at 9 o'clock.
Family excursion, Valencia-street station
9:10 sharp. _ *
«. — a —^ •
Picture I'ramei.
We have improved our line of moldings for
picture frames very much lately by adding a
number of new patterns in oaks and gilts.
Price always the lowest on the new things,
and a discount of just one-half on about 150
patterns of old styles which we are closing out.
Sauborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. ♦
•—• — ♦ — •
Watts— l agree with the Shah of Persia in re
gard to horse races. You know he said he took
no interest in racing, because he already knew
that one horse could run faster than another.
Potts— Of course one knows that one horse
can run faster than another but you never
know whether he will be allowed to do so.
That's where the excitement comes in.—ln
dianapolis Journal.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
l la Union Pacific.
OVTY % DAYS TO CHICAGO— Sy»
ur^x 4% jj Ays TO NEW VORK-41/4
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between . Bait Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist, sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday. '
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery, street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from ail parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
*.—-. — -* — ■»
•67. 50— Special Train— «o7.sO. Repub-
,• ;• Mean Convention at St. l.ouin. ;
Leaves San. Francisco Thursday, June 11, at 10
a. m. via Salt Lake City-Denver, thence Barling
ton route. The entire California and Nevada dele
gations have accommodations on this train. Rate
to St. Louis and return, $67 60. Bertns for this
train must be secured at oiliceof Burlington rout*,
32 Montgomery st.
* — » »
St. Louis Convention
Parties talcing advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Xonhern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
fi>THM tako Dr. Sie^ert's Angostdra Bittern jen
orally when they feel low spirited. It brightens
them up Immediately.
new to-day;
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY
Bos. laps Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
IXIOI TRUST BIILDIVfi, COMER HRKET.
NEW PROPERTY.
A bargain— Lots any size, 137:6 feet deep, on
King St., near Second, on railroad tracks at water
front, $150 a front foot: or 275 deep, through to
Townsend, $265 afoot for double front.-- . >
A Great Bargain— l37:6xl37:6; NW \ corner
Second and Kins, on railroad tracks to transfer
steamer and Pacific Mail dock and on deep-water
front, $30,000; or any size; spur-track into tbi«
land. * ywi^WW'MaaßWWßMhPfcWi
$3000— Cottage and lot on Hayes St., near Fill-
more; 22:6x70.
Lot 45x100; Twenty-third St., between Cappand
Mis.st On.
INVESTMENTS.
Sansome St., near .Market; large lot and four-
story brick building: rents $450; low price.
$30,000— $195; Polk St.. near California;
60x80; fine 3-story building; stores below and
rooming-house above.
Fourth corner, renting for $225: $31,000.
Rents for $274 50- Fine corner; Kills and Hollls;
90x125; covered with 6 dwellings and 9 nearly
new Hats; price asked, $27,000, and Offers wanted;
it Is an estate and must soon sell.
Rents $186; $25,500: six well built 2-story
houses; 7 rooms and bath each: Howard-st. corner,
near Dili.
Sixteenth-st. business corner, on best part of
the street; large lot and good 2-story building, In
stores; $17,000. ' m •
HOUSES AND LOTS 83300 AND UP-
WARD— EASY TERMS.
$500 cash— McAllister st., near Baker: 25x100
and line 2-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and
modern conveniences; price $0350.'
Corner residence: reduced to $4500; 3 blocks
from Market st. : cor. Octavia st. and Hickory aye. •
10 rooms, bath and modern conveniences. - ■ •
Bush St., near Fillmore: 27x137:6. and flne B-
story and basement house: 10 rooms and bath; In
nrsl-class order; very sunny; $6500. .
reduced to $4650; shot well st., W. side, near
Twenty-second; 66x96:6, and two cottages, 5
rooms and bath each ; rents $30 : fine street.
Octavia .. Bt., bet. Broadway and Vallejo; 26x
112:6, and 2-story in good order: 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; flue view: $6000; easy terms.
Oallfornia-s:. residence, W. of Lagnna: lot 27:6
( x1;57:6.: and -fine residence; nearly $3000 lately
*9500° - lt: flne Tlew from rear windows; only
$3500— Bryant at., N. side, bet 2d and 3d; 25x
80 and cottage of 6 rooms. '
Two-story and basement and lot 26:3x80: house
has 18 rooms; only $2300; very easy terms; T«-
hama aU, bet. Ist and 2d.SATURDAY JUNE 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
rui.rwTW Thwtke.— "Taming of the Shrew."
(viimbia THiiTw- "The Two Escutcheons.'
Morobco's CPEiu-lloußt- "Tlie Soudau. '
TiVoli Opkra-Hottsk.— -Olivette.'
( kfhf.tm— High-Class Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple.— " Miss Jerry," Mon
day evening.
I he Km poriuh.— Concert to-night by the Em
porium Orchestra.
M-tbo Coney Island— Bathing and Perform
iDces.
Shoot ihe Chutes— Dally at Halght street, one
i :ot * east of the Park.
Presidio Athlktic Ghouxm— Baseball Sun
day.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Sonoma Valley, Sunday, June 7
Kxcursiox ant Ptc.vic— To Sunset Park, Santa
era z mountains, saturiay, June 6.
AUCTION iAL.es.
By E. 8. Speab <fc Co.— This day (Baturday)
Furniture, at 31 Sutler street, at 10 o'clock.
By J. C. MrTHEK- This day (Saturday), Grocer
ies, a: 2201 Fifteenth street, at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. Buttkkfikld — This day
(Saturday), Furniture, at 405 Van Ness avenue,
at 2 o'clock.
By 6cLLrvAN A Doyle— Monday, June 8,
horses, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Vbbsen & Co.— Monday, June 8,
Feal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
•t 12 o'clock dood.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair and warm weather with brisk winds is
forecasted for to-day.
Joseph Gaestal, a Montgomery-avenue grocer,
failed for $10,000 yesterday.
Mrs. Auzerais-Hoyte was yesterday sued for
a dressmaker's bill amounting to $419 25.
Fred Thoener arrived on the Peru yesterday,
having completed a two years' tramp around
the globe.
Mrs. John F. Martin's trial for the killing of
her husband has been set for two weeks from
yesterday.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry lectured last night at
Metropolitan Temple on "Friends and Foes of
Old Glory."
Forgers Becker and Creegan were arraigned
in Judge Wallace's court yesterday and
pleaded not guilty.
The Labor Council passed resolutions at its
meeting last night, condemning the use of
type-setting machines.
The steamer Peru arrived yesterday. She
brings the news that the black plague is mak
ing great ravages in China.
Judge Hawley handed down » decision yes
terday in the great Garcelon will contest. He
held that the trust was valid.
Inspector Gordon has written Superintendent
Munro informing him of the capture at Rosalia,
Wash., of two postoffice robbers.
The commencement exercises of the College
of Xotre Dame took place Thursday afternoon.
The exercises were very largely attended.
Captain Genereaux, the popular master of
the schooner Marion, was married last Thurs
day. He took his wife to sea with him yester
day.
Three street mailcars will be in operation in
this City by the latter part of July. They are
now beiug built by the Market-street Railway
Company.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to rec
ommend the Hunter fender for use on the
streetcars.
Dr. Williams, a wealthy Bostonese who has
been hunting in the wilds of three continents
fur fifteen years, arrived from Asia yesterday
on the Peru.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany yesterday sent the information to the
Bank Commissioners required by Governor
Budd some time ago.
Judge Slack yesterday appointed John Re
tussing as special administrator of the estate
of John Cohan, who died May 20, leaving prop
erty valued at $1700.
Everything on the water front is in a state of
stagnation. No vessels are arriving and there
are vessels representing nearly 70,000 disen
gagfd tonnage tied up in port.
Michaei Reynolds is tne latest victim of the
lottery agents. His ticket, Xo. 9209, drew a
small'prize, which the ;igeats refused to pay,
on the ground that it was bogus.
Four favorites crossed the wire first at Ingle
side yesterday. The winning horses were:
Free Will. Bayard, Belle Boyd, Thelma, Sen
ator Bland, Jerome S and Summer Time.
According to "Young" Mitchell Billy Gal
lagher has signed articles to box ''Mysterious"
Billy Smith in the near future, ana the lauer
has "telegraphed his consent from Portland.
Suit is about to be brought against the
Board of Supervisors of Solano County to col
lect a large amount of money for work per
formed in excess of the appropriated funds.
The completion of the Little Jim ward for in
curables ia the Children's Hospital was cele
brated yesterday by a public reception wnich
kept the building crowded all the aiternoon.
Barney the well-known turfman,
brought suit in the Justices' Court yesterday
against John Weber, another turfite, for $200
on a promissory note executed Dy Weber in
February last.
The bituminizing of Folsom street from
Nineteenth to Fourteenth will be completed
by to-night, except that portion between the
railroad tracks, which will be pushed to a fin
ish next week.
William Daggett yesterday petitioned to be
appointed guardian of the estate of his mother,
Bridget Daggett, who is insane. The property
consists of $476 and a piece of real estate on
Natoma street.
Captain Carrington of the United States
navy, while inspecting Company H of the
National Guard, discovered one of the regu
lars in the rear rank by his wearing a pair of
Government shoes.
Deputy Assessor Briggs, who occupied the
stand most of the day yesterday in the S'.ebe
perjury case, exasperated Mr. Ciunie by his
eontinuai refusal to give direct answers to the
attorney's questions.
Alfred T. Waltermire yesterday applied for
letters of administration on the estate of his
brother, Clinton C. Waltermire, » Custom
house employe, who died May 29, leaving
property worth $1200.
The San Frah cisco Cycle Board of Trade met
last night and decided upon Saturday night,
July 25, for a big cycle parade, to demonstrate
the" political strength of the wheelmen who
favor better pavements.
At the meeting of the 161 Buckley delegates
to the State Convention a plan of campaign
was adopted for securing recognition from the
Stat« Convention, aud the Fourth District Con
vention nominated Hon. J. G. Maguire for
Congress.
The lightning conductors have been removed
from Pacific Coast lighthouses, with the result
that the Farallones lighthouse has been struck
by lightning. The Weather Bureau officials
believe that this leaves the lights so unpro
tected that they may be destroyed.
Jeff Powers, a livery-stable keeper on Mis
sion street, between Seventeenth and Eigh
teenth, yesterday procured a warrant for the
arrest ot F. A. Hutton for misdemeanor embez
zlement. He claims that some time ago Hut
ton hired a buggy and never returned it.
Mayor Sutro telegraphed yesterday to Con
gressman Maguire and Senators in Washing
ton asking them to oppose the setting of a day
for hearing the funding bill. Congressman
Magnire replied that the plan had been
abandoned. Still ths Mayor was suspicious of
the "octopus lobby."
CHUTES TO-DAY.
Th« Youngster* Will Have » Chance to
J-.nJoy Themselves.
Tha Chutes will be thrown open this
afternoon and the boats will dash down
the long Biide, the trolley will be tripped
and the band will play on afternoon and
evening. Every child who attends will be
a Japanese parachute.
To-morrow there will be a display of day
fireworks in the afternoon. ■
A. Lecture on 31exico.
A large audience was present In Mission
Parlor Hall, "fi Seventeenth street, lajt night
to hear Paul B. Hay lecture on Mexico. The
lecture proved to be a delightful, witty dis
course descriptive of Mexico and its people.
It was illustrated by Mereopticon pictures of
street life, monuments, cathedrals, etc., of the
southern repub.ic, and was one of ihe series of
popular talks under the auspicesof Borromean
Council No. 192 of the Youug .Men's Institute.
>i«rrl«Ml While Drunk.
Frederick Healy has applied for a divorce
from Luoretia ('nrpenter Healy, alleging that
he was intoxicated when the ceremony was
performed. His wife in her answer admits
this and will make no contest.
Eibiods Charges in Barry's Star to-day. *
IN ONE BIG TOW
FROM PORT COSTA
The Fearless Brings the
Gantock Kock and
Sharpshooter.
DULLNESS ON THE FRONT
Few Vessels Coming In, and the
Bulk of Those in Port
Are Tied Up.
THE BTEAMEE PERU ARRIVES.
She Brings News That the Cholera
Is Making Great Ravages
in China.
For weeks past business along the water
front has been particularly dull. Owing to
the strike in Newcastle, N. S. W., very few
coal ships have arrived and the vessels
from other ports are. few and far between.
At this date the disengaged tonnage in
port is 69,758, while last year at the same
time it was only 13,285. Out of thirty-two
vessels awaiting cargoes in Newcastle only
five are on the way and no one knows
when the others will get under way. One
half the vessels listed as "on the way"
have not yet started, and the tonnage ex
pected is nearly 100,000 less than last year.
Sausalito and Benicia are crowded with
idle ships, and from the outlook it may be
months before one of them secures a
charter.
As a result of the stagnation in shipping
the tugs have cad very little to do and
yesterday the Fearless made the biggest
tow in weeks. She brought down the
British ship Ganteck Rock and the Nica
raguan barkentine Sharpshooter from
Port Costa. The former is loaded with
wheat for Europe and the latter has also
whdtft for Australia. The big tug and the
two vessels made a pretty picture as they
passed up the bay.
The Sharpshooter has been in trouble
for over six months and she was at it
again yesterday. Captain Dan Haskell
dropped her off Jackson-street wharf, but
the crew did not pay out enough line and
she drifted down on the.Postal Telegraph
Company's cable. The anchor fouled the
telegraph line, and it will take several
hours to-day to clear the obstruction.
During the last few days the bulwarks of
the Fearless have been painted white for
luck, but it will be many a day before she
gets two tows on one trip again.
The engineers on the whaleback City of
Everett and the United States Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers are at outs. The
vessel went to sea with one disabled
boiler and two burnt-out furnaces and In
spector Phillips thought she was not in
condition to make the run to Puget Sound.
The captain and owners of the vessel
thought differently, so the City of Everett
put to sea. Just what will happen when
she gets back remains to be seen.
The accident to the whaleback happened
in a very simple manner. She was In port
and the fires under the forward starboard
boiler were banked. The port boiler was
being blown down, but the connection be
tween it and the starboard boiler had not
been cut off. In consequence, as the
steam from the port boiler blew off that
irom the other one went with it. Soon
both were empty and the starboard boiler
and furnaces burnt out. It was lucky no
water was turned on, as then there would
have been an explosion that would have
wrecked the whaleback.
The monitor Comanche is without a
fireman and an assistant care-taker. . The
only man left in charge is the coxswain,
and in consequence the members of tne
Xaval Battalion have to do the work. A
week apo Fireman Anderson and Sailor
Lindquest got drunk while ashore for pro
visions, and in attempting to regain the
Comanche were twice capsized and nearly
drowned. Lieutenant-Commander Turner
interceded for them, and they were for
given, but warned not to offend again.
They did not heed the warning, and yes
terday got drunk again. While boarding
the monitor Lindquest fell down the
hatchway and broke his shoulder-blade
and arm. Signals were set, and the doctor
from the Monadnock went to the injured
man's assistance. He will be confined to
his berth for a month to come, but Ander
son was placed under arrest and sent to
Mare Island on the Unadilla yesterday.
It will be many moons before either man
gets shore liberty again.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Peru arrived from Hongkong via Yoko
hama yesterday with the following passen
gers:
R. D. Porter, Mrs. R. D. Porter, H. O. Porter,
R. H. Porter, M. W. Porter, C. L. Hutchinson,
Mrs. C. L. Hutchinson, Lieutenant-Commander
E. W. Sturdy, Miss 1. E. Locke, Mrs. C. Chap
pelle, M. Chappelle, Constance Cnappelle. Dr.
\V. A. Browne, Rev. E. W. Woodman. Sl* V.
Cumming, Mrs. H. Seabrook, Egerbon Davies,
Miss I. E. Thompson, Miss C. Thompson Allan
Hughes, Blrs. A. Hughes, Captain George Le
Favour, Lr. N. Gartau, A. L. Koch, C. Crosby,
Miss M. Crosby, Captain P. Bougouier, C.
AuceauxO. Straub, C. Nerot. Lieutenant Uen
drick, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Ale Tye.
The black plague has gained alarming
proportions in China, and when one of the
crew died under suspicious circumstances
the Japanese authorities quarantined the
vessel. Everybody and everything was
fumigßted, and then the vessel was al
lowed to proceed. While the Peru was at
Hongkong Lieutenant-Commander Henry
Adair of the British gunboat Pigmy shot
himself. People who came over on the
steamer say he had been despondent for
some time before taking bis own life.
Among the Peru's cargo was 13,325
pounds of opium, the duty on which is
$79,950.
Captain Genereaux of the schooner Ma
rion has taken unto himself a wife, and
everybody on the south end was congratu
lating him yesterday. When the vessel
sailed for Seattle his friends were ail down
to see him off. Mrs. Genereaux was at
the wheel when last seen, and her husband
was teaching her how to box the compass.
The bride is a daughter of George F. Weeks
of Oakland
The schooner William Bowden and the
steamer Bertha are both loaded for the
Alaska mines and will sail to-day at high
water. The Jeanie is loaded for the Arc
tic, and the three vessels will be anxiously
looked for, the two former by the miners
and the latter by the whalers.
Accused of Crime.
Michael Heeny, a blacksmith on the Mission
road, was arrested yesterday upon two charges
of having received stolen property. His ac
cusers are a couple of pedalers, who state that
Heeny has been in the habit of purchasing
stolen wagons, which he repaired and re
painted and sold at a good profit.
Wonted Cleverness
Distinguishes the dramatic reviews in to
day's S. F. News Letter, while .the Town
Crier wields a particularly biting lash.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox's latest poem, in
which she and God are on the most inti
mate footing, is exquisitely parodised.
Picturesque Ban Francisco is beautified by
a strong picture of the park lodge in
Golden Gate Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
The Tug Fearless Bringing the British Ship Gantock Rock and the Nicaraguan Barkentine Sharp
shooter Down From Port Costa. This Is the Best Tow Made by Any One Tug in Months, and It
Will Be Many Moons Before Trade on the Water Front Will Make It Necessary for a Repetition
of the Feat.
[Sketched by a " CaU " artist]
STATIONERY BILLS
TIT CLIMB UP,
Large Increase in the Quan
tity Used by the
City. '
REPORT OF AN EXPERT.
The Grand Jury Will Not
Finally Adjourn Until
July Next.
WILL WAIT AND WATCH.
Assurance Given That Certain
forms Desired Will Be Accom
plished Soon.
Tbe Grand Jury met yesterday afternoon
and filed another indictment against Yon
Tiedman, as the one filed some weeks
since contained a clerical error. The Yon
Tiedman case involved perjury, in wit
nesses swearing that Mrs. Spencer ap
peared before a notary here and signed
papers conveying property. When the
papers were signed Mrs. Spencer was in
Chicago, and subsequently produced
proof before the Grand Jury that she was
not in San Francisco.
The members of the Grand. Jury yester
day expected a visit from the Supervisee
of the Finance Committee, but the latter
either ignored the engagement or deferred
the visit. The Grand Jury waited until 5
o'clock, and then adjourned for the day.
The question of adjournment sine die
has been freely discussed in the jury room,
and a decision has been reached to hold
nn until July. The present fiscal year
will end on June 30, so on the following
day the various departments of the muni
cipal government begin work on the basis
of the allowance for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1897. The critical period for tax
payers is now at hand, and while the
(irand Jury may not be able to check the
threatened riot of extravagance in the
allowance of public money there is a feel
ing among the members that the present
jury, with tlie knowledge gained during
the past six months, should be in position
to act.
Other reasons exist for deferring ad
journment until next month. The jury
has been assured by the Spring Valley
Water Works that certain reforms and re
ductions in the matter of supplying ships
with water will take eflect in July. The
special privileges accorded by contract to
(ioodall, Perkins & Co, are to be 'revoked
and the service of supply is to be per
formed directly by the water corporation.
The Grand Jury wants to see how the sys
tem will work.
Assessor Siebe has given the members of
the jury positive assurance tnat the next
assessment roll will be as complete as pos
sible in the listing of all property for taxes,
such as money, franchises, etc., and hence
,the jury would like to be in session when
the roll is ready for inspection.
Horace Dunn, the expert of the Grand
Jury, who was recently detailed to make
an examination in regard to the quantity
of stationery consumed by the City gov
ernment, submitted a report yesterday.
The report discloses some information
if not startling, is decidedly inter
esting to the taxpayers. Some of the de
partments, notably* the Police Courts and
Surveyor's office, have used or' ordered
four times as much stationery during the
present fiscal year as was ordered during
the year preceding. The jury will en
deavor to ascertain why t c large increase
was demanded. A hint was received by
the Grand Jury that there was a "job" in
the stationery supply.
Some reforms. in the matter of handling
Police Court fines and forfeitures must ba
introduced. The report- of the Expert
shows that the clerks of the court do not
adhere to the law requiring daily tiep s'ts.
Sometimes s clerk will carry along for
two or three weeks $200 or more, and will
not deposit the money until attention is
called to the fact by the City expert. In
the "no alternative" fines it is difficult to
determine whether the person fined paid
or neglected to pay. A suggestion has
been made that the Judge himself as well
as the clerk should keep a record of fines
imposed, fines remitted and money col
lected.
It is not a sure thing that the Grand
Jury has finished the investigation of in
stitutions controlled by the Board of
Health. Some further inquiry in this line
may be necessary.
SUCCESS . PREDICTED.
Resolution of the Republican Execu-
tive Council.
At its session last night the Republican
Executive Council re-elected the following
officers for the ensuing year:
Judge M. Cooney, president; Edgar Briggs
and R. A. Fredericks, vice-presidents; Oscar
A. Tolle, secretary; 8. M. Williams, assistant
secretary; John Giisen, financial secretary; a.
Houser, treiisurer; H. C. Flrebaugh, George W.
Eltier, J.A. Uhitisides, John McComb, J. E.
Field, Mrs. A. L. Ballou, H. \V. Quitzovv, 8. W.
Backus, T. B. Morton and F. Houser, executive
committee.
The following resolution was adopted:
Whereas, The National Republican Conven
tion will present to the party a candidate for
President of the United States at an c arly date ;
be it
Resolved, That it is fhe sense of this council
that the secretary be instructed to notify the
presidents of the several clubs to meet with
the executive" committee for the purpose of
arranging the calling together of all the Re
publicans in the several districts, to prepare
lor and co-opt/rate with the County commit
tees in arranging for a rousing ratification
meeting.
President Cooney was complimented for
his able administration during the past
year by Messrs. Bripgs, Frederick and
Morton, and in a brief but eloquent ad
dress predicted the nomination of Mc-
Kiniey and the success of the Republican
campaign.
FIRST BANK TO RESPOND
California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany Sent the Information Re
quired by Governor Budd.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company sent in to the Bank Commis
sioners yesterday the report required by
Governor Budd in a call issued by him a
short time ago.
This is the first bank or corporation to
respond to the call. Doubting the legality
of the measure tne banks have been post
poning compliance to it, awaiting until the
matter is definitely decided by the courts.
The report is virtually the same as the
one received on March 2, this beint;
dated March 30. The only difference
noticed is in the increased value of the
building owing to the extensive improve
ments which have been made. The total
amount of resources for March 2 show
$3,132,781 88, and for March3o $3,153,697 23.
President Fry of the bank said when
questioned as to why the report was sent
in: "I suppose legally the Commissioners
have a right to demand a report as fre
quently as they desire. 1 myself was un
aware that the report had oeen handed to
the Commissioners. Still it is a very little
matter. Our books, are absolutely correct
ami are open to the Governor himself
should he choose to look at them."
SUTRO EYES THE OCTOPUS
The Mayor Telegraphs Wash
ington About the Funding
Bill.
Congressman Msgaire Replies Assur
ingly, but Sutro Is Sti 1
Suspicious.
Mayor Sutro would not be caught nap
ping on the funding 'bill. While others
interested in opposing the railway scheme
were passive or forgetful of. the bill he
kept an open eye upon its movements in
Washington. Things reached a point yes
terday when they began to assume a grave
aspect, and then he sent the following dis
patch to Senators J. T. Morgan of Ala
bama, K. F. Pettigrew of South Dakota,
W. B. Allen of Nebraska, W. Call of Flor
ida, W.A. Peffer of Kansas and Repre
sentative James G. Maguire of California:
Fixing date for funding bill at next session
means precedence of appropriation bills, prac
tically establishing cloiure.
For heaven's saice oppose it with all your
might, for, if passed, it will surely mark the
triumph of the corruptioiiists and J,ne begin
ning of the downfall of the Republic.
Adolph Sutro, Mayor.
Soon after this message was forwarded a
telegram was received by the Mayor from
Congressman Maguire as follows:
Motion to fix date for funding bill was aban
doned, this afternoon. James U. Maguire.
The Mayor read the brief announce
ment and heaved a sigh of relief.
"It is not enough," he said, on second
thoughts. "Congressman Maguire is in
earnest about this, but he may not know
what is going on behind the scenes. This
may be a blind after all. They may re
consider the whole thing, and for that rea
son they ought to be watched closely now.
Who is it? Why, the octopus. They are
daily spreading abroad the impression
that Congress is going to adjourn—Con
gress is going to adjourn next .day. That
is done for a purpose. And here we are
going along quietly as if nothing was about
to happen, yet the fixing of a date for dis
cussion of the funding bill would be a pub
lic i alamity.
"The ueop^e should be aroused and made
aware of the danger, and from now on till
Congress adjourns the funding bill should
be winched.
"The octopus has its lobby at work in
Washington. It it their business; but
what is everybody" business is nobody's
business. The men who were fighting the
bijl were led to believe that it was dead for
the present. With the impression that
Congress is about to adjourn, many of the
Representatives and Senators may go to
their homes. Then with a small House
the funding bill may be taken up and a
date fixed. This telegram cost me $41 to
day, but when I saw how matters were
going, 1 jumped Into the breach. Now is
the time to watch Washington."
At Sutro I aths.
This afternoon and evening there will be an
excellent programme at Sutro baths. The San
Frunciseo Swimming Club will give a series of
mutch races and also an aerial diving contest,
in whicti Miss Isadore Foote will take a promi
nent part. The new bicycle boat will be tested
in a match race with a canoe, both being han
dled by experts. In addition at the evening
performance there will be a series of magnifi
cent pictures showing the wonderful improve
ments in electrical devices. Each picture will
be thirty ieet in diameter.
Fell Forty Feet.
Nelson Epperson, a lather by trade, met with
a serious accident yesterday noon. He was
shingling a roof for McLean Bros., contractors,
on a new dwelling at Belvedere and fell from
the gable to the ground, a distance of forty
feet. As soon as possible Epperson was re
moved to this City aud sent to the Receiving
Hospital where It was found that he had
broten several ribs and sustained serious con
tusions about the body. Epperson lives on
Kearny street.
McFEE WILL AND
THE EX-CONVICTS,
The Salvationist Is Look
ing for a State
Position.
NO SALARY TO BE ASEED
Wants Free Access to Prisoners
Before They Are Re
leased.
POSITIONS TO BE PROVIDED.
On Gaining Their Liberty They Will
Be at Once Shipped to Distant
Points.
Within a few days Adjutant McFee of
the Salvation Army, backed by some of
the wealthiest and most in flaential citi
zens of San Francisco, will ask Governor
Budd for an appointment that will enable
him to do more for the ex-'bonvicts that
leave the State prisons of California than
any plan that has yet been tried.
The Salvation Army has long tried to
aid the unfortunates whose evil ways have
brought them within the ban of the law.
They have been met on their arrival in
this City from San Quentin and Folsom
and begged to mend their ways, but the
hopelessness of fiphting their way through
the world with the brand of convict on
them and the evil associates with Whom
they fell in before they could be provided
with a means of making a livelihood made
their reformation difficult, and many con
tinued their criminal career.
Now Captain McFee has evolved a
scheme by which he hopes to change all
this. He is circulating a petition that has
already been signed by Mayor Sutro, Chief
of Police Crowley, President Dohrmann of
the Merchants' Association and others,
asking that he be appointed "State agent
for the aid of ex-convicts. No salary is
attached to the office and the position is to
be strictly non-political and non-sectarian.
The petition is as follows:
To his Excellency Governor Budd : We, the
undersigned, are pc rsonally acquainted with
Joseph R. MeFee, and we most humbly petition
your Excelleucy to appoint him to the posi
tion of State agent to aid ex-convicts, which
work he is willing to do without renumera
tion. We are confident that he will fulfill ihe
office with credit and honor to you and to him
self.
Attached to the petition is a prospectas
of Captain McFee's plans.
In addition to asking for a position with
fullauthority from the State to deal with
ex-convicts Captain McFee asks free ac
cess to the State institutions at all times
and to be allowed free access to all pris
oners for thirty days before they are re
leased from prison.
"I have every hope that this petition
will be speedily granted by the Governor,"
said Captain McFee, "for he has already
said that he believes the office would be
the means of doing much good and has
evinced much interest in the work.
"The main idea is to get an official
standing so that I oan gain more attention
from the men before they leave the prison.
"By being allowed to visit them as a
State* officiaf for thirty days before they
are released I can learn all about them,
where they have lived, where and by
whom they were led into evil ways and
how best to keep them from returning to
their old haunts. If a man was sent to
prison from Southern California I will
send him to work in Oregon, and so on.
"There will be no lodging them in idle
ness while situations are being secured.
The man will be told that he is to be given
a chancje to begin life anew with as good
wages as other men get, and with no less
of respect should he prove worthy. If he
seems willing bis job will be ready by the
day his term expires, and the first train or
bout thereafter will take him to his des
nation.
"If there is anything in the man this
treatment will bring it out and prove him
worthy. Otherwise he will prove a hope
less case and one that could not have been
reformed under any circumstances."
PLEA OF THE FORGERS.
Becker and Creegan Pleaded " Not
Guilty " and Ask an Early
Trial.
Charles Becker and James Creegan, the
notorious forgers indicted by the Grand
Jury for complicity in the crime by which
the Nevada Bank was robbed of $20,000,
were arraigned in Judge Wallace's court
yesterday morning.
They pleaded "guilty" to the charge of
■'prior conviction" and "not guilty" to
the forgery indictment. H. I. McPike,
their attorney, requested that an early
trial be granted the accused, as they were
in jail. He tried to induce Judge Wallace
to grant a transfer of the case,to another
court, claiming that the Siebe case would
occupy him for a long time to come. The
court, however, decided that the trial
could be had within the statutory time of
sixty days and put the matter over until
next Friday. Arguments for a transfer
will then be heard.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LIGHTHOUSESIN
CONSTANT DANGER,
Those on the Pacific Coast
Menaced by Light
ning,
CONDUCTORS TAKEN OFF
The Farallones Light Struck
Twice, and Its Wires
Were Burned.
GOVERNMENT OFFICERS DIFFER
Weather Bureau Scientists and the
Lighthouse Board Disagree on
Coast Storms.
Aside from splitting a tree out at Brod
crick and Union streets, the recent light
ning has developed a decided difference of
ODinion between two departments of the
United States Government. The diver
gence of views existed for some time before
the electric storm swept over San Fran
cißCO, but it exists now in a more marked
degree than ever before.
The Lighthouse Board says one thing,
the Weather Bureau another thing di
rectly opposite. And the trouble is some
body has made a mistake, which, accord
ing to expert opinion, needs remedying.
The Lighthouse Board holds that there
is no danger from lightning on the Pacific
Coast, while the gentlemen of the Weather
Bureau, who have given the subject con
siderable attention, say that lightning
smites here once in a while and does more
or less damage.
The wreck of a stately tree near the
Presidio a week aeo'goes to prove that the
meteorologists are correct. As the light
house people viewed the matter they con
cluded that there was no need of protec
tion from lightning on this coast and con
sequently lighthouses along the Pacific
Coast were denuded of lightning-rods.
"There is a false impression abroad
about the weather on this coast," ex
claimed Mr. Hammon of the Weather
Bureau. "People will tell yon that the
climate is changing, that it never rains in
summer in California and that only on ex
ceedingly rare occasions do we have a
thunderstorm. Even then they will add
that the lightning keeps far away and on
no account could it be guilty of striking
anything on earth. This is all wrone.
The records of the Weather Bureau show
that there is no change in our. climate,
that we have rain in summer months and
lightning quite frequently.
"About two years ago the lighthouse
people had all the lightning-rods removed
from lighthouses on the Pacific Coast.
They said there was no use for rods, since
there were no thunderstorms. When tne
rod was taken down from the Farallones'
light we found that the tip had been
struck by lightning. It was burned and
melted. I took the socket and had it
placed on the roof of the Mills building as
a holder for the anemometer.
"Since then there was a thunderstorm
of considerable severity off the coast. The
lightning struck the Faraliones' light
house and burned out the electric wires."
The officer in charge of the Pacific lights
said that the lighting-rods had not been
replaced, even in face of the second expe
rience at the Farallones light, "lhe
board caused the lightning conductors to
be removed," he explained, "and have not
replaced them on this coast. They were
convinced there was no necessity for
lightning conductors, and it would be
more economical to remove them than to
keep them in order.
"I heard that the tip of the conductor
on the Farallones light was burned by
lightning— that was before my time. After
the rod was removed a fla^h of lightning
struck the. lighthouse. All it did was to
burn out the call wires. The dwelling of
the attendants is about a quarter of a mile
from the lighthouse and they are con
nected by a wire which is used to call the
men to tneir watches. This wire was de
stroyed and theie was no call system until
it was repaired,"
Alexander Mcadie, the lightning expert
of the Weather Bureau, was of the opinion
that it was a mistake to have removed'the
lightning conductors from the Pacific
Coast lighthouses. Said he:
"The fact that the Farallones light was
struck twice shows that the man who or
dered the conductors taken down acted
hastily. The lighthouse people, I believe,
ought to have rods on their houses now
after the experience of this year, for we
have had four or five lightning storms on
this coast within a year and some of the
lightning has struck.
"This reminds me of the British admiral
who was called upon to approve certain
specifications for a lightning conductor for
a lighthouse. He was a believer in the
surface theory of Sir William Snow Harris,
but sought the advice of Faraday to make
sure. Faraday said, 'The solid rod is bet
ter ti an the tube, for solid volume is
everything. If Harris says otherwise,
then he knows nothing about it.' Straight*
way the admiral met Harris, who ex
claimed, 'Suriace area is most important,
and if Faraday says otherwise, then he
knows nothing about it.'
The illustration, unconsciously as it was
given, was apt. For as matters stand now
regarding the Pacific Coast's unprotected
lighthouses it is a case of "if the other
fellow says otherwise he knows nothing
about it." And meanwhile, as Mr. McAdie
added, it is within the range of probability
that a lightning storm may come along
some day and leave some lighthouse on
the coast in darkness.
CYCLERS' NIGHT PARADE.
Big Demonstration July U5 to Show
Their Political strength.
The directors of the San Francisco Cycle
Board of Trade met last night at 18 McAl
lister street, and decided upon Saturday
night, July 25, as the occasion for a great
bicycle parade in this City, the purpose
being to show the numerical strength of
the cycle element as a political factor favor
ing belter pavements and particularly the
repaying of Market street.
It was also decided to offer several
prizes: Two handsome pennants, one for
the club represented by the largest num
ber of members and one for the cinb pre
senting the best appearance; two prizes
for the best decorated tandem, and one
prize for the best decorated single bicycle.
Already word bad been received ir >m
the following clubs that they would will
ingly co-operaie in the movement: Cali
fornia Cycling Club, Liberty Club, Golden
Gate Cycling Club, Olympic Club Wheel
men, Alpha Cycling Club (women), the
Thirteen Club, Acme and Reliance clubs
of Oakland, Diamond Club and Alameda
Cyclers of Alameda and the Crescent Club
of Berkeley.
The prosecution of bicycle thieves and
some recent unsatisfactory attempts oc
casioned :i good deal of discussion, during
which i* was generally and vigorously ar
gued that the Cycle Board of Trade oueht
to "roast Judge Bahrs to a finish" for
having refused on Thursday to permit tes
timony as to the value of stolen wheels,
for having constituted himself a final ex
pert on values, and for calling the theft of
a bicycle only petty larceny.
, In order to present their disapproval in
such a way as : to properly guard against
the liability of being cited . for contempt,
and at the same time to give it more force,
it was decided to defer the matter until
the. whole board's regular meeting.
Secretary Hamilton was appointed a
committee of one to confer with the bi
cycls racing board to-night, at their invi
tation,.to discuss the advisability of help
ing to maintain the cycle track at Central
Park. ;- _^/___
PARROTT BUILDING STRIKE.
Carpenters' Union Indorse Action of
the Building Trades Council. .
Carpenters' Union No. 22 nominated its
officers last evening, to be elected a week
hence.
Resolutions were passed indorsing the
strike instituted by the Building Trades
Council on the Parrott building.
One hundred tickets were received for
the lathers' ball benefit next Tuesday
night.
The union has formed a tug-of-war team
and issued a general challenge, to contest
June 17. at Sunset Park.-
KEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
rmtDLAnOtR.COTTLOD*» C - LtiiMAnorwttoWi--
POSITIVELY oiiF^KEK ONLY I
3 MORE PERFORMANCES 3
Of That Delightful Play
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS"
BY THE StJPERB
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Monday Next— Wm. H. Crane's Greatest Success,
. ; "BROTHER JOHN." -.'-
BALDWIN THEATER
,A.l Hay man & Co. . (Incorporated) ..... Proprietor!
LAST 2 PERFORMANCES
MISS ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Atiznsiln Daly.
Matinee To-day Farewell To-night
TAMING OF_T!IE SHREW."
NEXT WEEK. MONDAY, JUNE 8,
. The Distinguished Comedian,
NAT O. GOODWIN
' And his company, presenting
-—••in mizzoura:" —
By Augustus Thomas, Esq. (Author of "Alabama).
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. tKNESTiNE Kbelivo, Proprietor ■& ManafW
LAST NIGHTS
. Of Aodran's Favorite Opera Comique,
OLIVETTE 1
EVERY NUnBER REDEMANDED.
-— NEXfwEEK
Dellinger's Romantic Work,
"xjOii.aEi.^a.xaxr3E: :»'
First Appearances of
Kiss Mabtc Millabd and Miss Louisk Rotor,
LOOK OUT FOR — •-',.,
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amerioa.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sole Lessee and Manafae
THIS EVKXI.NIr AT EIGHT,
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of the Great "Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!"
Reappearance, After an Absence Of Six Months,
of the Popular Favorite,
LESLIE MOBOSCO.
ZvxSTSft fmcij- 250 ana 5>3.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10&
Cinal Slalinee* Saturday and Similar,
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell. N
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), June 6.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; -
Children, 10c, any part.
MEERS BROS., HAVES and POST,
3F» A3F»T JJT.A. I
XeW York Sun says: "I'apiuta is La Loie Fuller
multiplied by five."
DIXON, BOWBiiS and DIXON
And a Strong Vaudeville Company.
Coming— Edison's Wonder, "The Vltascope."
SUTRO_BATHS.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, June 6 and 7,
A MARINE NOVELTY !
GRAND MATCH RACE!
WATER BICYCLE vs. CANOE t
' Illustrations of Deep Sea Diving by Miss Pearl
Woodward. Exciting Swimming Contests. Mar-
velous Aerial Diving by Miss Isidore Foote.
Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
9 EVENINGS ONLY!
Commencing Saturday,. June 6, 1896,
MAGNIFIC NT ELECTRIC DISPLAY I
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES !
Marvelous •■ech-tiiical Effects!
STORM AT SEA ! •
Prominent Points of Interest in the United States
and Enrobe.
General Admission— .Adults, 10c; Children, 5c
"MISS JERRY,"
Alexander Black's Picture Play,
; : METROPOLITAN tkmple
Monday, Wednesday and Thursday Evening!,
June 8, 10 and 11. J
MISS DON M. CANS, VOCALIST.-
. PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c.
Reserved seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Monday night, specially reduced prices for
pupils of public schools. ■
THE CHUTES I
FREE PARACHUTES FOR CHILDREN
TO-DAY.
-—JAPANESE DAY FIREWORKS —
SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
ADMISSION... :.....•..-.. .'.... 100
CHILDREN, Including merry-go-round ride, 5a
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
SUNDAY, JUNE 7, AT 2 P. M.,
. BASEBALL,
PACIFICS VS. CALIFORNIAS.
EXCURSION
TO-MORROW, June 7, to Sonoma Valley. v
Leave via 7:30 a. m. Tiburon ferry. Special
train stops one hour at SONOMA, two hours at
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS and nearly four •
hours at GLEN ELLEN. Go and take the fam-
ily. A GRAND BASKET LUNCH OUTING.
Tickets for round trip, only $1. Children, sto
12, only 50c. Sale of reserved seats closes at
10 o'clock to-night at 333 O'Farrell street.
Unreserved seat tickets for sale at ferry. '.
;.;"■ .:. J. E. LOCKE, Excursion Manager.
PACIFIC COAST ■
JOCKEY CLUB
:y. -■-,■■', (Ingles id e Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY. .
(RAIN- OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO. .
- Take Southern I'uciHc trains at Third and Tow*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and.l p. it.
Fare for round trip, including admission to graal
stand, $1. . Take Misaion-atreat electric line dIrMS
■to track. ' *, ! . . ".-■.' • '. .
A. B. SPRKCKBL* W. Hi LKAKE,
rntldrati ■ l««nMiA
78
OSBORNE'S GREED
FOR OSCULATION,
The Farmer Tells of Stolen
Sweets Enjoyed in
Boston.
KISSES CAUGHT IN A CAB
But One Witness Testified in
the Ashley-Baldwin Suit
Yesterday.
HE WILL CONTINUE MONDAY
A Memory That Cannot Recall the
Fact of Having Written Love
Letters.
John Osborne, farmer, carpenter, real
estate agent, lady-killer and tattler, was
on the stand in Judge Slack's court in the
Ashley-Baldwin suit all day yesterday.
During the morning session Mr. Critten
den, the plaintiff's attorney, subjected
him to a severe cross-examination.
On Thursday" Osborne testified to the
splendid time he bad in Eoston "seeing
the sights" in company with Miss Ashley.
He told how he finally tore himself away
and went to New York, but refused the
lady's request to be taken along, "because
of the expense."
Evidently Osborne did not find the me
tropolis to his liking. Yesterday he ac
knowledged that he was lonesome in
Gotham and only stayed there one day,
then hastened back to the Massachusetts
city and from there to ihe home of his
charmer. South Royalton, Vt. He ar
rived there in the morning and at once re
paired to the Tenney home, where he met
Miss Ashley.
He and Miss Ashley drove to Chelsea,
where they had dinner, and they remained
in one another's company until the train
departed for the west at 2 o'clock the next
morning. It was during the trip to Chel
sea that the conversation about E. J. Bald
win occurred.
Osborne seems to have been a most af
fectionate chap in his younger days and to
have bad a decided penchant for oscula
tion. He told under cross-examination of
having spread caresses broadcast through
out New England during his trip. At
South Royalton, Vt., he greeted Miss Ash
ley with a real Oregon hug and imprinted
a sweet kiss upon her lips.
He did not know whether any one saw
him in the act, and although there was a
youn,' son in Mr. Tenney 's family he took
no particular precaution to conceal his
affsctionate demonstrations. Again dur
ing the ride to Cneisea the bumping of the
busjeyover the rough road was punctuated
with divers resounding smacks. He testi
fied to more huszs and kisses during his
cab rides in Boston and at his home there.
"And," ne added, "she kissed me, too. ;>
Osoorne's testimony as to the letters in
troduced as evidence on Thursday was
novel. His recollection failed him to such
an extent as to provoke the question :
"Have you recently had any disease
that would affect your memory?"
To which Osborne replied tnat he was a
little deaf, bnt otherwise all right.
The plaintiff's attorney attempted to
draw from the witness the admission that
he wrote to Miss Ashley a declaration of
love, as indicated in the letters shown in
court, but again hi 1 } memory failed him.
He could .think of no injury Miss Ashley
ever inflicted upon him unless it was to
ask him to loan her $500, a request that
was promptly refused.
During the controversy Attorneys High
ton and Crittenden became angry and
harsh words passed, but the difficulty was
quickly quelled by Judge Slack, who
Threatened to fine the participants.
The fact was developed that Osbourne
wrote about a dozen letters, which he
acknowledged may have had in them
Mine reference to love, and received
in reply three or four epistles from Miss
Ashley. He had purchased for her two or
three rings, the return of which, with all
his letters, he demanded on receipt of the
letter asking for the loan of $500. He
could not remember, he said, whether he
got them back or not.
Osborne's examination will be resumed
on Monday at 11 a. m.
LILLIAN ASHLEY'S STORY,
What She Knows and Does Not
Know of John Osborne.
John Osborne's testimony in the Ashley-
Baldwin suit is most damaging to the
plaintiff, and every effort is being made
by her attorneys to break it down. Os
borne testified on Thursday that he had
been on terms of intimacy with Miss :
Ashley in 1887, during a trip he made to I
Boston, and went into vile details. Miss j
Ashley last evening made the following
statement:
In the latter part of September or the first of j
October, 1887, my mother and I attended the j
iair at Mystic Park, Medford, Mass. While 1
traveling from Vermont to Boston we stopped !
at a small station— C'aanan, N\ H.— and Jonu
Osborne quoted a lew lines of Scripture about I
the happy land of Canaan in the Bible, and 1
addressed a few remarks to my mother, telling
her he was from Salem, Or.
Conversation ensned at Intervals between
niy mother and Mr. OSborne, and he occasion
ally addressed a few remarks to mje during the
ride of about 100 miles to Boston. Before
leaving tne train he asked my mother for
our address and begged to call on us, but my
mother answered that we had not .decided 1
where we would stop. Mamma and I took I
quarters at a comfortable hotel near Mystic.
Park, where we remained during our entire
visit, with the exception of a few days, when
we visited in Boston.
One day we accidentally met Mr. Osborne on
the street in Boston, and he asked where we
were stopping and urged mamma to allow him
tocallonus. Mamma gave him our hotel ad
dress near MvbMc Park. He called on us there,
and also- called while we visited in Boston,
luking us to the theater once or twice, to the
Museum of Fine Arts and to the fair.
A few days later Mr. Osborne astonished'me
very much by teillng me he had fallen madly
in love with me, and wished me to become
his wife, to which I replied very decidedly no.
Tnis proposal was made one evening; in the
hall when Mr. Osborne was taking his leave. 1
told my mother of it.
We returned to Royalton, Vt., to fhe home of
Mr. and Mrs. Tenney, with whom we were
boarding, and soon after John Osborne came to
Boyalton, took a room at the Village Hotel,
called on us and persisted in paying me at
tention. Girllike I accepted them, just to
make the village girls jealous. I was only a
young schoolgirl, weighing about 110 pounds,
full of fuu and mischief. I drove with Mr.
Osborne once or twice, and he took me to
church socials, prayer-meetings, »inging
schools and concerts, such being the only en
tertainments we had there.
After a whhe Mr. Osborue began to grow seri
ous, and urged me to marry him. When I told
him thai I did not love him, and never could,
he said he would teach me to love him after
we were married. I still said no, and ne went
ba'k to Oregon, telling me I would rue the
day I (<o stubbornly refused him.
Mr. Osborne told me in Vermont that he had
come East to feet a wife; that he had a line
residence in Salem, Or., and was worth $10,000
besides. Had he not believed that I could be
persuaded to change my mind and marry him
he would have married the daughter of his
shawmut - avenue landlady, he said. Her
name is Lillian Pearson. He took her out
tome when he was in Boston, and she fell In
love with him, so he said. They had their pic -
tures taken together, he told me, but he never
showed me the picture .
1 never gave M r. Osborne a picture of myself,
but 1 think my mother sent him one of me at
his urgent request. He said I had treated him
so heartlessly and scorned his love. I never was
alone with- John Osborne in any room, hotel
or house. My mother was always with me
whenever I went anywhere with Mr. Osborne in
Boston or vicinity. . .
During Mr. Osborne's visit to Vermont, which
lasted a week or ten day*, he drove me to my
fathers old farm in Timbridge, Vt., and I vis
ited my father's grave. On this occasion he
asked me if my mother was not pretty weU off
and how much money I would have for a dowry
when I got married.
We also went to a little town in Vermont
where 1 had attended the academy and took
dinner with some friends of mine.
I never spoke to Mr. Osborne or he to me of
E. J. Baldwin or any other Western man or
horseman.
After Mr. Osbornc returned to Oregon he per
sisted in writing to tne and urgently insisted
on sending me $500 to pay my expenses to
Oregon to become his wife. I wrote him two
or three letters and said I would not accept
the money if he sent it. and asking his forgive
ness for the "naughty, heartless manner" with
which I rejected his love, for I felt sorry for
tlining with him at Royalton, when he told
me and afterward wrote me that I had broken
his heart.
This is all I knew of John Osborne until I lis
tened to his testimony about me two days ago.
I never intentionally hurt Mr. Osborne's feel
ings, but he once told me 1 would rue the day
I refused his heart and hand; that he would
live for revenue and that revenge was sweet.
I never pftid any attention to his threats until
I listened to his" testimony about me. I must
say that I feel thankful "that I escaped mar
riage with a man of his demonstrated char
acter.
FAILED FOR $10,000.
A Montgomery-Avenue Grocer TThote
Assets Are Very Small.
Joseph Gaestel, a grocer doing business
at 927 Montgomery avenue, was yesterday
declared an insolvent debtor. His liabili
ties were over $10,000 and his assets less
than $500.
The principal creditors are the Central
Building Association, $6400, secured by
mortgage on real estate; S. Kiefer, $1100,
note, secured by attachment on the store;
Naber, Alfs & Brune, $450, merchandise,
and several smaller claims.
The creditors will appear before Judge
Slack on June 15 to choose an assignee.
PRINCIPAL OFFICERS QF THE CONTINLNIAL LEAGUE, 1896.
SOON TO BE A BOULEVARD
Folsom Street Assuming a Pre
sentable Appearance
Already.
Comparative Test of Bituminous Rock
and Asphaltum to Be
Made.
Folsom street is now being transformed
into a bituminized boulevard from Sixth
to Twenty-sixth streets. The railroad
company in this particular instance has
agreed to use bitumen between the tracks.
The bitumen, however, to be used by
the railroad company will be different
from that used by the contract or for the
City, who must, according to the resolu
tion of the Supervisors, uae the Santa
Cruz rock, whereas the railroad company
will use the asphalt from the Pacific Im
provement Company's mine at Asphalto,
Kern County. This is done as a test in
which the comparative values of bitumi
nous rock and asphalt will be watched
with interest.
Time will demonstrate which is the
better for street pavement in this climate.
Good progress is being made by Con
tractor McDonald in his part of the work.
He will have finished by to-ni?ht that por
tion from Fourteenth street to Nineteenth,
and probably by the end of next week he
will have reached several blocks nearer
the end of his contract. #
The railroad company is somewhat
tardy in its work of putting down the
concrete between the rails.
The question of narrowing the sid&walks
from Ninth street to the City front is still
in abeyance.
ADMISSION DAY.
Announcement of Sub- Committees on
the Celebration.
G. H. S. Dryden, chairman of the joint
9th of September committee, N. S. G. W.,
has announced the following sub-commit
tees:
Transportation— L. F. Byington, D.C. Martin,
C. E. Mooser; finance— J. T. Harmes, W. J.
Wynn, H. Pasquale; parade— Eugene K.Bert
F. J. Muraskev, L. C. Mstolesi, D. E. Murdon,
J. J. Naegle;presH— J. Henry Glas, T. C. Conmy
E. J. Murphy; printing— H. F, Perneau, H. t
Shepston. Willis M. Brown; music— E. P. E.
Troy, P. J. Ellis, G. A. Glover; advertising— J
C. Bates Jr., W. C. Miller, D. L. Fitzgerald •
decoration— Dr. W. J. Hawkins, I. Harris, W.
Dean; hotels and accommodations — Eueene
W. Levy, Charles T. Rose, William Warren.
There is much activity among the mem
bers of the order regarding the coming
celebration. The citizens and Native Sons
of Stockton have already secured the sum
of $7000 for the purpose of entertainment.
The hotels of Stockton have agreed to a
reduction of rates darin.- the celebration.
The railroad and steamboat companies
have promised a low rate. Everything
points* to a successful celebration of Ad
mission day.
Rev. Blackguard Henry's Infamy roasted
to a crisp in Barry's Star. ' •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
ORGANIZED FOR
THE CAMPAIGN,
Twelve Hundred and Fifty
Republicans in the Con
tinental League.
TO FILL DIRIGO'S PLACE.
Leading Men of All Classes Co
operating in the Cause of
Clean Politics.
FOR PARTY PRINCIPLE ONLY.
Larger Quarters to Be Secured as a
Meeting Place for the
Speakers.
One of the most promising infant giants
of the Republican organizations existing
in the State of California at the present
day is the Continental League.
This club or league-— however it may be
recognized in political parlance — nas for
<he short time of Us existence outstripped
and outstepped any similar campaign or
ganization heretofore brought into exist
ence on the approach of a Presidential
campaign.
The originator of this Continental League
is, however, no novice in the way of rally
ing men to his standard when the exigency
of the occasion seems to demand a deter
mined and stubborn fight for the political
success or his party.
The creation of the league emanated
from the fertile brain of Frank D. Worth.
This, however, is not his first experience
in getting up gigantic political organiza
tions. As early as 1880, when quite young
In years and in party politics experience,
he orcanized the Garfield and Arthur
League, whjph did so much for the success
of the party at that time. Again in 1884
"The Dandy Twelfth." another club that
■was an honor to the Republican party and
a credit to those who formed it, was the
creation of the same individual.
Four years later the Quinn Guard made
its appearance and for tue time being did
valuable service for the party, but unfor
tunately there were bad managers at the
head of affairs locally and the guard laid
up no laurels to which its members could
point with pride. Yet this was no fault of
Frank Worth; his organization was as
perfect as could be expected considering
the stormy political seas over which he
had to sail.
Not discouraged in the least, he about
two months ago conceived the idea .of the
Continental League. With the "Spirit of
'76" as a motto, the infant giant was
launched on the political sea for 1896.
In this work he was not alone, however.
He had some of his old lieutenants to give
their counsel and advice. Among them
was Maurice L. Asher, who had done yeo
man's service in the Republican ranks for
years as a county committeeman, a mem
ber of the State Central Committee, a dele
gate to all of the State and municipal con
ventions, a shrewd and careful organizer
himself, and, to boot, a successful one.
The fact that he had ri.ses from the ranks
of the party to the dignity of a Supreme
Court licensed attorney would prove that
he was not content to remain in the lower
rut of a ward politician. He'is the secre
tary of the Continental League, and, it is
needless to add, a most efficient one.
The treasurer of the young club is the
well-known W. R. Josf Jr., better known
among his young companions as "Billy."
He, too, has had experience in the organ
izing field. He has been with Frank
Worth in some of the other organizations
already mentioned.
For the office of first vice-president new
material was found in the person of the
popular Colonel Will E. Fisher, of whom
no one has an ill word to utter. '"Will" is
a general favorite with "the boys" ele
ment, as well us with the bankers and
merchants in the downtown section, and
when card! of admission are presented to
business men to join the Continental
League, with Will E. Fisher's name ap
pearing thereon as vice- president, there
are no excuses heard or apologizes made,
but a willingness is at once evinced to en
roll among the members.
Though modest and unassuming, Colonel
Fisher has made his political influence
felt in the past. He organized and com
manded the Hayes Valley Guard, the Fel
ton Guard at the time that Mr. Feltoa ran
for Congress. He has served on one of
the recent grand iuries and has had con
siderable experience in Municipal politic. 1 *
having been selected as a delegate to the
City conventions on frequent occasions.
His friends have been urging him to
permit his name to go before the conven
tion at the coming election for the office of
Supervisor.
Colonel Fisher's activity as an energetic
member of the Continental League has
spread to Canton, Ohio, the home of
Major McKinley, as can be seen by the
following acknowledgment received from
the Ohio statesman in reply to resolutions
recently adopted by the league and for
warded by Colonel Fisher:
Canton, Ohio, May 28, 1896.
*WM E. Fisher, San Franctoco — Dear Sir:
Your favor of the 23d inst. Is gratefully re
ceived. Please extend to the members of the
Continental League my compliments and ex
press to them my warm appreciation of the
manifestation of esteem. Yours truly,
\V. McKinley.
As a military man he commenced his
career as a member of the old F Company,
Second Artillery, during the labor riots
In 1877. He also served in the Nevada
Rangers during his residence in that
State. He was born and reared in San
Francisco and has been identified with
movements to improve and advance the
City. He is a prominent member of the
Masonic fraternity ana a Native Son.
While all truu Kepublicatis are welcomed
in the ranks there are questions asked
which must be answered before a man can
become a member, as the following notifi
cation will show :
We have the honor to inform you that your
application for membership to the Continental
League whs referred to the membership com
mittee, reported favorably, and on motion you
were unanimously elected a member of the
league.
The regular meetings of the league are held
every Friday at 8 o'clock p. m. at its headquar
ters.
This precaution is to keep rowdies and
roughs out where they cannot disturb the
meetings and run things in the interest of
any boss or Dosses, for the object of the
league is to gather >be most respectable
class of Republicans within its ranks for
Presidential campaign purposes only and
not to advance the interest o! any man or
body of men for municipal offices of any
kind. It is. so to speak, to fill the vacancy
left by the Dirigos, Plumed Knights and
kindred political organizations.
Its membership is open to all respect
able Republicans, irrespective ot districts
or political boundaries. Major Frank Me-
Laughlin, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, is a member; so
are John D. Spreckels, M. H. de Young,
S. M. Shortridge and hundreds of other
prominent men of the party, the majority
of whom take an active part in the pro
ceedings.
The headquarters of the league is at
1017 Larkin street, where it will remain,
but a larger place of meeting will be se
cured ere long, where weekly meetings
will be held and the ablest speakers in the
party will from time to timelay down Re
publican doctrines.
At those meetings ladies will be present,
and in addition to the addresses there will
be rausio, singing and other literary exer
cises. A glee club is about to be organ
ized from the best material to be found in
the ranks of the party.
The first public appearance of the league
will take place at the ratification of the
St. Louis nominee.
The officers of the Continental League
are:
President, Frank D. Worth; first vice-presi
dent, Will E. Fisher; second vice-president,
William • T. Kibbler; recording secretary,
Maurice L. Asher; treasurer, William H. .lost
Jr.; financial secretary, B. L. Hessehine; «er
geant-at-arnis, Thomas R. Riding.
Finance committee— Will E. Fisher Paris
Kilburn, Jeff E. Doorittle, John R. Aiken, John
D. Spreckels, George Stone, Richard ValeDtine,
Charles J. King. F. 8. Chadburne, H! G. W.
Dinkelspiel.
Executive committee— H. W. Fraser, B. P.
Flint, Jame" Kipp, J. C. Sharp, George J.
Strong, Amos Currier, M. 8. Torres, H. W. Ma
thews, C. 11. Fairall.
Brigade committee— Frank V. Bell, George
W. Sweetser, Will E. Fisher, George J. Strong,
William J. Sharp. «
Membership committee— G. 8. Graham, L. C.
Loiiderback, Sol. Miller.
Press committee— John Berge (chairman),
A. E. Grossman, George B. Mackrett and George
Covey.
Application cards can be had from any of
the officers of the league, or at the secre
tary's-office, 402 Montgomery street. The
league meets every Friday night at 1017
Larkin street. There are at the present
time 1250 names on the enrollment-book,
with more coming. It is not unusual for
the secretary to recive over one hundred
applications at one meeting.
MRS. MARTIN'S TRIAL.
Postponed for Two' Weeki by Jndge
Wallace's Order.
Mrs. Susan B. Martin, who shot and
killed her husband, John F. Martin, in a
corridor of the City Hall a few months
ago, was yesterday arraigned in Judge
Wallace's court.
She felt her position very keenly, and
after entering her plea of not guilty took
her place among a number of friends in
order to avoid the scrutiny of the ciowd
in the courtroom.
At the request of her attorney, Carroll
Cook, Mrs. Martin's case was continued
for two weeks.
>«>t That McDonald.
Albert McDonald, described as the leader of
a gang of roughs who attacked an aged ped
dler in the MUsion, is not the Albert McDon
ald residing ou Cbenery street.
MAY READ THE
WHOLE TAXROLL
To Say Nothing of the In
ventories and Tran
script.
CLUNIE'S AWFUL THREAT
Retaliates on the Defense for
Refusing Him a Post
ponement.
DEPUTY BRIGGS GROWS BOLD.
Greatly Exasperates Clunie by Refus
ing to Answer His Questions
Directly.
Deputy Assessor Briggs, who is re
ceiving newspaper mention to an extent
that would drive many a younger person
to the stage, occupied the witness-stand
most of the time yesterday ih the Siebe
perjury case. Only once was Mr. Briggs'
reign interrupteu by another chin
whiskered Deputy Assessor, who took the
stand merely to refer Mr. Clunie to the
omniscient Briggs for the information
desired.
Mr. Briggs is becoming bolder as he be
comes familiar with court metnods and
attorneys' practices. He is just as elusive
as ever in his answers, much to Clunie's
exasperation. The paternal smile which
he bestows on Clunie when he gets the
latter thoroughly riled must also cause
discomfiture to the eloquent "representa
tive of the people," as Mr. Clunie inno
cently styled himself yesterday.
• Mr. Briggs, however," in spite of : the
few contradictions and mix-ups which he
got himself into Thursday in regard to
roadbeds and franchises, is doing good
work for Siebe. The score or so of
assessed valuations ' which Attorney
Clunie read from the tax receipts of the
railroad's property Mr. Briggs declared
were the actual values of the pieces of
property in question. In fact the witness
even went further he declared that the
assessed values of some ef the lots belong
ing to the company were greater than the
actual values. Strange to say, however,
the company had made no protest against
being thus over-assessed. »,
The surprise of the day came just before
the afternoon adjournment, when At
torney Clunie threatened to read the
whole assessment roll, with its 60,000
statements. Just how long it would
take him to complete the task is a ques
tion in higher mathematics. Clunie's
easy, eloquent and rapid delivery is
famed, but whether 60,000 tax statements
would arouse him to the same noble effort
that a contested primary election | spurs
him to is a question that even his * most
ardent admirers must stop to consider.
' Seriously, it looks at present as if Clunie
has "the bulge on" his opponents. At the
close of Thursday's session of the court
Mr. Freidenrich's little citation from the
code limiting the time of postponement of
the examination cast a dark cloud over
Mr. Clunie's chances. -V- ;'^"> •
It seemed that the defendant could com*
pel Clunie to close his case without bis
allowing him to wait for Secretary Will
cutt's book, which Clunie hopes to get by
the Supreme Court's decision in the con
tempt case. Now, however' Clunie may
begin to read assessment roils, transcripts
and inventories, and laboriously consume
many days, within which the looked-foi
decision from the upper court may be ex
pected. ■ - " -; ; '-
Rather than do this the defendants will
probably consent to a postponement, so
that in either case Mr. Clunie will not
have to close his case until 'the contempt
matter is settled. • ■ '*• .. - • '
Deputy Miqsegaes, who has been in the
Assessor's office during the past twenty
eight years, was the first witness sworn.
He had had charge of the making of the
assessment -roll. During the past six
years, however, he had not been in charge
of this part of the work, and was not at
resent familiar with real estate values.
[a was not competent therefore to speak
with authority in regard to the assessed
value of the property of the Market-street
Railway Company. .;:.'!
The sule of the Assessor's office has been
to assess all property at its real cash value.
This value was determined mainly by im
pression. At present Mr. Briggs has ex
clusive charge of assessing real estate
values and of, improvements as well.
- Mr. Briggs was accordingly put upon
the stand once more and interrogated in
regard to his valuations of improvements.
He had assessed the improvements at the
power-house of the old Metropolitan elec
tric line at $27,500.. In arriving at this
valuation he had not consulted experts
nor made any inquiries of the railroad
people in regard to the matter. ' He had
made no itemized inventory of the prop
erty, but arrived at ; his conclusions from
jottings made in a memorandum book,
which he no longer had.
The witness said it was his custom every
year to go to all large buildings contain
ing fixed machinery to see whether any
additions or improvements had been
made. He had done this in the case oi
the Metropolitan Company. In 1894 he
had examined the dynamos and machines,
and in 1895 he went out to see what addi
tions had been made. He kept no record,
but could go into the I power-house and at
a glance tell what new machinery had
been put in during the year. He believed
he could do, the same in regard to any
large building in the City. :■:. .,
His remarkable ability in sizing up the
value of improvements at a glance was
due to the fact that he had been engaged
in such business all his j life, and in addi
tion had, been on tha building committee
of the Board of Education while a mem
ber of the board from 1868 to 1872. .
j*** Mr. Clunie then proceeded to ask about
other, I power-houses and buildings belong
ing : to the ; railroad ■ company in ';: various
parts of the City. As he propounded his
questions ■; to ". Mr. Briggs he continually
referred to a formidable , bundle of 'tax re
ceipts which he held in his hand. Judge
"Wallace, seeing these numerous receipts
and possibly seeing therein material for
several days' questioning on the part of
Mr. Ciunie, asked him what object he had
in examining the - witness on all . these
documents. - * *
"The introduction of these tax receipts,"
said i Clunie, "is essential to my case.
Were it not for the course of the defend
ant and | his ; attorney • in refusing to con
sent to. a postponement until I can get
Secretary, Willcutt's book, I could dispense
with the tedious v: examination ; of ' these
receipts and : probably. get all the informa
tion I wanted from the book in question.
Since the - defendant, ;: however,' does not
wish to aid: me in . getting the book and
takes advantage of the section of the code
which prohibits a postponement without
the defendant's consent,- I am compelled
to obtain the desired facts from these re
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ceipts, which are the only available evi
dence.'
Attorney Freidenrich, with a look of
weariness upon his face, announced that
he understood Clunie's purpose in intro
ducing the receipts.
"He is starting off on a new tack,' 1 Frei
denricb declared. "His purpose is merely
to delay mutters. He hopes by exhaust
ively examining all these tax receipts to
'delay further progress until the Supreme
Court shall have given a decision in the
contempt matter. Doubtless when be
gets through with the receipts he will co
through the inventories, and take up every
item separately."
Clunie resented Mr. Freidenrich's state
ment about "going off on a new tack."
"I am not going off on any tack," declared
the irate Andy. "I am standing upon my
legal rights in this matter. It is the de
fendants who are compelling me to adopt
this tedious process o« examining the re
ceipts. If they really want to expedite
matters let them assist me to get the book
which will probably have all tne necessary
information, and which they professed
themselves so ready to assist in procuring."
Then Mr. Freidenrich heavoa a sigh
drooped his eyelids and sank back into his
chair.
When the examination of Witness Briggs
was resumed he said that the assessment
of the Metropolitan Company's property
hnd been already made when" he was sent
by Mr. Siebe to examine the property,
"iet the conferences Mr. Briggs had held
with the numerous men, since dead, in re
gard to electric machinery and wire, had
been held subsequently.
Fillmore-street real-estate values occu
pied the attention of the court for the rest
of the morning session. Discussion on
this locally interesting subject was brought
about in connection with the witness'
assessment of the carhouses at Turk and
Fillmore streets. The land, which occu
pied half a Western Addition block, was
assessed at $32,780.
In detcrming thu value of the improve
ments, which he had assessed at $15,000,
witness considered the number of bricks
in the building and other items. He was
also guided by the contract prices of build
ings, which he received indirectly fioin
the Recorder's office. He was not always
•guided by this record, however. Besides,
he did not know that there was any con
tract for tbis property. He assessed prop
erty at what he believed it to be worth,
not what it cost.
Deputy Brigss took his accustomed seat
! on the witness-stand at the opening of the
afternoon session. Mr. C'lunie read the
assessed values of various pieces of prop-
I erty belonging to the company, and the
witness in each case thought the property
had been assessed at its cash value.
Among these pieces were the old Mission
street stables at Fourteenth and Mission
streets, 240x186 feet, assessed at $29,000;
the old Fourth-street car stables, on
Fourth and Perry streets. 50x80 feet,
$1300. A lot on Shipley and Fourth streets,
75x275 (net, had been set down at $16,070.
The 00-vara lot on which the Haight
street carhouse stands had been assessed
at $12,000; the land on which the H^yes
street power-house stands witness believed
to be worth about $18,890 and the improve
ments $45,000; the lot on which the Cas
tro-street carhouse stands, 185 by 114 feet,
$1250; the power-house at Tenth and
Howard streets, improvements as welk as
land, $50,000.
Mr. Briggs is an expert on machinery.
In assessing the machinery of the railway
company ue merely walked into the build
ing and looked around. He could twll at a
glance very nearly what the building was
worth. This degree of proficiency in siz
ing up machinery, witness explained in
reply to Mr. Clunie, had been acquired
through his former knowledge ot ma
chinery at the mines and his study of the
subject of mechanics. Besides, he had a
brother-in-law who was one of the finest
machinists, in the United States and he
had learned much from him.
Incidentally the Affiliated Colleges site,
south of the park, was discussed. Prop
erty in the neighborhood which witness
had recently appraised at $6000 was as
sessed last year at $2000 an acre. This,
bowever, was because the prospect of hav
ing the colleges in the vicinity caused a
considerable rise in values.
"Then," said Mr. Clunie, "the prospects
caused a rise of 300 per cent in real estate
values?"
"Well," answered Mr. Briggs, "there
are a great many things to consider."
About twenty minutes before court ad
journed Mr. Clunie told the witness he
thought that was all. Mr. Btiggs heaved
several deep sighs, picked up his shiny
; tile, stepped down from the stand and
j soon disappeared.
Tuen Mr. Clunie announced that inas
much as Mr. Freidenrich insisted upon it
at a former session of the court he was
ready to proceed to read the inventories
and other documentary evidence in the
I case. It would also, he thought, be neces
j cary to read the entire assessment roll, as
I he deemed such evidence as essential to
I his case. Mr. Freidenrich said the de
fendant would waive the reading of such
evidence, but Mr. Clunie replied that he
feared. there was some technicality hidden
behind this -waiver.
"The ottier day, your Honor will remem
ber," said Clunie, "defendant's attorney
I strenuously insisted on the reading of the
i documents, and I want to do everything
j possible to strengthen my case.
"Besides, the code provides that in pro
-1 liniinary examinations all evidence must
be taken down by the shorthand reporter,
so it would seem necessary that all evi
dence should be submitted orally."
The court and attorneys, however, were
not quite ready to hear the assessment
roll lead, so an adjournment was taken
until Monday at 10 o'clock.
SOLANO SOLONS IN PERIL
The Entire Board of Supervisors
May Be Sued for Thou
sands.
One of the Members Accused of a
Dark and Dubious Trans*
action.
From all indications the Supervisors of
Solano County will be in for a lively time
witain the next few days.
Several weeks ago one of the members
of the board came under the ban for col
lecting the bill of a constable, amounting
to $175, and failing to turn the money
over, so it was said, to the man to whom
it was due.
During the investigation which followed
the Supervisor claimed that he had met a
man on the street in Vallejo who he
thought was the cons table and that he had
paid the money into his hands.
That was the first chapter, and others
more sensational are about to follow. Be
sides the individual civil and criminal
suits in the wind it transpires that the
whole board is to be sued for several thou
sand dollars due in payment for road
work. Work, it seems, was contracted for
and carried out in excess of the funds ap
propriated to the use of two of the large
districts. According to the county gov
ernment bill the Supervisors are liable
collectively and individually for the
amount due, and a well-known lawyer of
this City has been engaged to bring suit.
It has also leaked out that one of the
Supervisors is to be prosecuted on a crim
inal charge for having raised the warrants
of certain under officials and appropriated
the money thus obtained to his personal
use.
Sensational developments are expected
to occur any day.
The Farren Eatate.
The estate of John W. Farren has been ap
praised at $105,033 88, of which $4506 55 is
cash, $10,000 stock of the American Bank and
Trust Company, and about $80,000 in real
estate.
SUNSET IN A FIERY SKY,
The Remarkable Painting by
Yon Perbant at Schmid's
Studio.
It Contains a New Discovery Which
Gives Luminosity and Fire
to Oil Colors.
Critics and admirers of painting have
found a new subject for discussion in a
picture which Carl yon Perbant has on
exhibition at the studio of Rupert
Schmid at Van Ness and Pacific avenues.
Many of them have visited the studio
and seen the picture. It was first exhi
bited about a week ago to a few intimate
friends of the artist, and since then some
of the best-known artists ana quite a
large number of fashionable peopie have
viewed it critically. As a result of this
inspection Yon Perbant's remarkable
painting has been commented upon in
various art circles.
In the opinion of more than "one com
petent judge tue painting presents quali
ties which mark a distinct advance in the
art of depicting luminosity on canvas. It
requires no knowledge of art to appreciate
the fact that an extraordinary effect has
been produced by the painter in his treat
ment of artificial and natural lights. In
deed, his picture conveys the impression
that the canvas is provided witn tiny
specks of colored glass and that a bright
light is thrown upon it from behind to
illuminate the openings.
The painting is about 7 feet 6 inches long
and 2 feet 6 inches hieh. Ie represents a
view of San Francisco and the Golden,
Gate from Goat Island and is called "Sun
set at the Golden Gate." Mr. yon Perbant
ha 3 painted and sketched industriously
for months to gather material for this
masterpiece. His work covered a wide
range — marine, landscape, sky, architec
tural subjects, and over and above all an
atmospheric and a light effect that domi
nated and gave color and life to the whole
scene. Telegraph Hill in the middle dis
tance casts a somber shadow down upon
the wharves ana shipping, and stands out
a bold, dusky silhouette, behind which the
sky and air are lig. ted with a fiery fierce
ness. The sunset is warm and tinges
everything in the picture with its ruddy
and burning hues. So the whole painting
is in a key that would appear extravagant,
though any one who has taken the pains
to watch sunsets at the Golden Gate will
freely admit that such marvelous effects
are in nature.
Wherever the inflamed glow falls there
is warmth combined with luminosity.
The waves are reddened, as is the cloudy
sky, and immediately over where the orb
of day is sinking behind the hills there is
a burst of white light that fairly glistens.
The influence of this wonderful light is
spread upon the City, the shipping, bay
and mountains so that the picture is all
sunshine.
A curious feature of the work is the re
flected glow upon windows and the red
and green lights on the wharves and ships.
These are so treated that they actually ap
pear to be so many lamps burning on the
canvas, and with the effect of a conflagra
tion of the skies represent an innovation
in painting. Mr. Schmid, the sculptor,
thought it out in years and Mr. yon
Perbant has now applied it with singular
success.
A French railway company has ordered
clocks to be placed on the outside of every
locomotive.
KEW TO-DAT.
Jl Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware. •
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
• 1 vegetable dish, 1 saiad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes. "
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
sOc TEAS, any kind.
Coiima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
AT
GreatAmericanlmportinETea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. -'•; \ 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. --■■ 965 Market st.
1419 Polk St. 3006 Sixteenth st,
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
- ..
I TftADEj
J^ N*B-
%L Jl
* Hyah form- \he • boo^oP mm^
cs^>^f.aodfbc.vocarer.op.^en3.
r " 6e * TraU MaKt<
"BUILT LIKE. A WATCH"
STERLING-
CIj33S.
f HEELS AND PALME K TIRES GUAKAN-
-, 1 ; teed lor one year. Price $100. If yon want
to know more about The Sterling send for our Art
Catalogue. ■ Mailed free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
314 POST STREET. San Francisco. *
NOTARY public.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market at, oppo
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Reaidenco lt(M
fell »(, Xeiephoue- -Tiae" 2591.FRIENDS AND FOES
OF OLD GLORY,
Rev. Dr. Henry Lectures on
Who They Are and
Where They Are.
COMMENDED FLAG DAY.
Paul Jones' Flag Motto, "Don't
Tread on Me," Applied
to the A. P. A.
HE ANSWERED FATHER YORKE
A Large Audience at Metropolitan
Temple Heard a Patriotic Ad
dress on Old Glory.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry delivered an ad
dress at Metropolitan Temple last evening
to a large audience on "Friends and Foes
of Old Glory." John Quitzow, president
of American Protective Association No.
68, presided. He made a brief talk, in
which he said the A. P. A. is not an
enemy of tt»e Roman Catholic church, but
that its members are the best friends of
the Catholics. The. fight, he said, was
againßt their church as a huge political
machine.
A. M. Russell made the opening prayer,
in which he appealed for civil freedom
throughout the world, and in following it
up with a little speech he referred to the
communication of Rev. Father Yorke pub
lished yesterday morning. He said Father
Yorke had used the name Ananias a num
ber of times and he propounded a conun
drum to the audience. He wanted to
know the difference between Ananias and
the average Catholic priest. The audience
apparently did not have its conundrum
clothes on and Mr. Russell answered his
own riddle.
He said Ananias told a lie when he sold
all the land and kept back part of the
money, but the priest would tell a lie and
keep all the money. The audience ap
plauded the riddie.
Two little girls in white short dresses.
Misses Maude and Marian Thomson, sang,
"Tramp, Tramp, the A. P. A.'s Are
Marching," to the tune suegested by that
other ?ong of nearly the the same title.
Miss Boover's double quartet sansr.
Preliminary to his address proper Rev.
Dr. Henry said he had read the published
communication of Rev. Father Yorke.
When asked by a friend yesterday what
he thought of it, the speaker said he re
plied that he "felt a good deal line a man
who had been kicked by a jackass." The
speaker paused and waited for the audi
ence to i.aye its laugh out. Then he said
further:
•■November 6, 1594, the A. P. A. kicked
more* Papists out of office than it had
kicked out in twenty-five years before, and
my opinion is that in November, 1896, it
will be in good kicking condition, and be
fore we get through witn them there will
not be enough left of them to make a
grease spot.
"There will be no remains at all.
Father Yorke's regureitation must have j
relieved him immensely. I am willing j
that the people should take the utterances
of Father Yorke and myself and judge
which is ruht and which is wrong on
patriotism, loyalty, purity of social life,
politics, etc. It must be an unclean bird
that would give utterances such as his. If
bis heart is as unclean as his mouth I teli
you hell can't beat it. He ought to be
fumigated ami soaked in carbolic acid in
order to be admitted to decent society.
"I want to say," he continued, "that I
am coming oack to San Francisco as often
as t can to give Romanism bullets, and if
there is any place on earth! that I want to
see Romanism stamped out in it is right
here in San Francisco."
.Speaking to his subject for the evening,
he said :
"The conditions that confronted the
people in 1776 and 1861 were not more
hazardous and dangerous than those which
confront us at this time. There is still an
enemy at our doors. Will the people come
together, or will they remain apart and
permit our American institutions to die or
be taken by Romanism? The signs ail
point out that it is time to take a lesson
from the maxim that 'in union there is
strength.' It will be but a few years till
the enemies of the flag will have rolled it
in the dust. The question is, 'Shall we
hang together or shall we hang apart?"
Rev. Henry interestingly sketched the
history of flags from their beginning —
from the first sign upheld by a savage
down to Old Glory, the emblem of
liberty and equality. He told about the
peculiar rattlesnake Sag of Paul Jones
and applied its significant motto, "Don't
Tread on Me," to the A. P. A. Then he
went on to say :
"Our flag was never known as Old Glory
till after the rei ellion, when it had been
bathed in the blood and tears oi the North
and South. "It represents 70.000,000 people
of this Government. These colors float
ing above the little red school house must
mean all they signify to the 15,000,000 of
school children.
"Thank God for the power of the press—
of the patriotic press, he said. "Three
hundred thousand people cannot read the
reports of these meetings or that article of
Father Yorke's without having the hood
winks of ignorance removed and seeing
the fallacy of the a*rch-enemies of this Re
public. A Quaker woman, I have told
you, made the first flai? of our country be
cause she loved it. Our women do and
ought to uphold it. The red, white and
blue, I think, means the emancipation of
women. It stands for the protection of
her purity. It certainly means no less
than that. If God is in the battle, then
woe to the enemy — and God .is in our
battle.
"We live in America— the best country
on which God's sun looks down," he said.
"If any man wants ignorance and super-
Btition then let iiim get over on the other
side of the ocean; we don't want him
here. lam getting sicfi: and tired of men
coming to thi3 country and then criticiz
ing and damning its institutions. If they
don': like it let them get out! I say the
American is the highest type of man that
lives.
"The time is coming when we shall be
able to say with Daniel Webster that the
proiidest exclamation of man shall be, 'I
am an American!' The thought on this
flag of ours came from beaven and was de
signed by the angels of God. The people
who stand by the flag are on God's side.
"What does it mean," he asked "to see
our beautiful flag timidly drooping under
a green rag, to have it refused admission
to a church? How long since Romanism
dared to decorate har churches with our
flap?
"They know, and so do you and 1. The
only reason they have done so is that the
A. P. A. caused a condition of public senti
ment that forced them to it. They had
before refused to admit it; when they did
admit it they spoke of others as belated
patriots, tut when they patronize the flag
it is through their damnable and Hellish
Jesuitism.
He told of an Eastern Alderman and
Bishop who had said: "We are Papists
iirrst, patriots afterward." "I would say
to them: 'Gentlemen, get back to the
country you came lrom. This is no coun
try for you.' There are thousands, though,
who have and will again support the flag.
They have learned to love it better than
they do the flag of Rome.
"I have got tired of seeing pictures of
that pug, Bob Fitzsimmons, standing in
the ring draped in the--^.merican flag. I
want to say that anybody who associates
the flag with pugilism is guilty of treason.
I want to see the flag kept pure. Large as
this country is, it. is too small for any or
ganization* that does not venerate Old
Glory above any civic emblem."
He gave a number of instances where
Old Glory had been insulted and torn
into shreds by Roman Catholic mobs. He
also recited many cases in song, story and
history where women had nobly defended
the fla'e, mentioning the heroic and his
toricaf Barbara Fritchie of Fredericks
town, who, leaning out of her window,
said:
Shoot, If you must, this old gray head;
But spare your country's flag, she said.
"There is a general interest in flag day,' 1
Rev. Henry said. "I am glad to see it be
coming a National interest. June 14
promises to become as popular as July 4.
Raise the 15,000,000 school children to
venerate the day, to see ihe nag as they
approach the schoolhouse, and you will
have a generation that will never permit
any other emblem to be raised above Old
Glory."
The attention of the audience was called
to the A. P. A. picnic, which takes place
to-day at Sunset Park, in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
PRESBURY DISMISSED.
An Old-Time Chinese Inspector Is Let
Out of the Service Without
■Warning.
There is considerable talk in Custom-house
circles about the peremptory dismissal from
the service of Chinese Inspector Presbury. The
order came from J. D. Harrison, chief of the
Chinese bureau, and is to take effect June 15.
No reason was given for the discharge, and
it is probably on this account that the gossips
are hnrd at work. The favorite story is that
Mr. Presbury was let out to make way for a
younger mail. The Chinese bureau is said to
corns under the new civil service law, and the
dismissal of Pre6bury is the forerunner of a
general plan to infuse all the young blood
possible into that and various offices.
Mr. Presbury is one of the oldest men in the
service, and bus been honored with many re
sponsible missions. There is a story to the
effect that Collector Wise has been antago
nistic to Presbury for a longtime and that it
was through his inflence that the inspector
lost his job.
Presbury is related to Judge Field, and will
make an effort through him to reach the Wash
ington authorities direct.
MEDALS OF NOIRE DAME
The Commencement Exercises
Are Very Largely At
tended.
Archb : shop Riordan Confers' the
Honors to the Graduating
Students.
The study hall of the College of Notre
Dame was crowded Thursday afternoon
with friends gathered to attend the com
mencement exercises.
The platform was artistically arranged.
A cascade formed a caipvas and surrounded
with palms and pine boughs made a back
ground, in front of 'which were the stu
dents, clergymen and invited guests.
Miss Mary Mclnerriey read an essay on
"The Three Masters of the Universe." She
dwelt particularly on the value of time
and argued that where sloth prevails all
things fade and decay.
Miss Kate Lawler, niece of J. F. Sulli
van, in her paper on "Christian Art,"
spoke of the vast interest the church took
in the development of the faculties of man
on the principle that wherever the intel
lect is clear and free the advance of the
moral forces is unhindered.
"Westward" was the subject of Miss
Juiia Bannerman's paper. Hhe spoke of
Fremont, who unfurled the stars and
stripes over California, and of Columbus,
who gave a new world, to mankind. Sue
spoke, also, of the self-sacrificing soldiers
of the cross;
Miss Veronica Kennedy read an essay
entitled "A Thing of Beauty Is a Joy For
ever." "Cum Deo," by Miss Anna Mul
cahy, and "In Limine," by Miss Eva
Cleary, embodying the valedictory, were
original poems.
Of the musical selections, the concerted
pieces for "Gems*of Verdi," arranged for
two harps by the Sisters of Notre Dame,
were particularly beautiful and well exe
cuted.
The following were the graduates: Miss
Julia Bannerman, Miss Eva Cleary, Miss
Sadie Keenan, Miss Veronica Kennedy,
Miss Katie Lawler, Miss Katie Lynch,
Miss Mary Mclnerney, Miss Anna Mul
cahy.
Gold and silver medals and books were
awarded trie successful pupils by Arch
bishop Riordan. At the conclusion he
made a brief address, in the c&urse of
which he said:
"The proper education of girls is a great
blessing; for the work of a woman in life
is greater and reaches farther in building
up a community than that of a man. The
building up of character and conduct rests
with the mother."
He paid a special tribute to the success
that had crowned the efforts of the Sisters
of Notre Dame in the education of their
pupils.
The clergymen present were Archbishop
Rionlan, Rev. Father Mulligan, secretary
of the Archbishop; Rev. Father Glcason,
pastor of Mission Dolores; Rev. Father J.
Sullivan, Alameda; Rev. Father Connelly,
Rev. Father James McDonald, Rev. Father
Quill, Rev. Father Stokes, Rev. Father
McGinty, Rev. Father Cummings, Rev.
Father M. Ryan, Rev. Father Lynch, Rev.
Father Crowley, Youths' Directory.
The programme in full was as follows:
"La Regata Veneziena," six pianos (Volbach),
Misses M. Carrickj C. Arauz, E. Sresovich, G.
Fay, G. Kelly, M. Heffeman, F. Hernandez, D.
Hernandez, D. Merle, N. O'Tplle, S. Sala, C.
Suarez; choral salutatory, L. Bordese; "The
Three Masters of the Universe," essay, Miss
Mary Mclnerney; "Traum <ior Simerin," op.
45 (Labitzy), first violin Miss F. Hernandez,
second violin Miss F. Van Reynegom, piano
Miss C. Chapman ; "Christian Art." essay, Miss
Kate Lawler ; "Un Jour de Jcne"Bo)o and chorus
(L. liemelsoet), soloists Misses A. Mulcany and
S. O'Connell; "Westward," essay, Miss Julia
Bannerman; "Gems of Verdi" (C. Oberthur),
arranged for two harps by Sisters of Notre Dame,
first harp Miss C. Arauz, second harp Miss
K. Hernandez; graduation honors; award of
medals; "Cum Deo," original poem, Miss
Annie Mulcahy; class motto; fantasia, opus
15 (Liszt), three pianos. Misses C. Chapman,
8. Keenan, K. Lynch; award of premiums, col
lege classes; "Flow Gently, Diva" (T. Parry),
chorus ; "A Thing of Beauty Is a Joy Forever,"
essay, Miss Veronica Kennedy; award of pre
miums, grammar class; slicred chorus XFau
conier); "In Liable," original poem, Miss Eva
Cleary;. selections from the opera "L'Elisire
d Amour" (Rossini), six pianos. Misses B. Kee
nan, A. Conway, C. Chapman, E. Sresovich, K.
Lynch, >'. Lynch, M. Lynch, M. Troy, L. Kelly,
A. Van Reynegom, R. Hernandez, M. Ryan.
•• — — * •
Arrested A Conductor.
Charles E. Singer, a conductor on the Castro
street cars, was arrested last evening on a war
rant sworn out by Daniel Keating, charging
him with assault with a deadly weapon. Dan
iel Keating was accompanying his brother
James to the German Hospital yester
day, when the brother, who is said to
be of . not very strong mind, ... became
excited and obstreperous. The brother tried
his best to control the unfortunate man, but
was not succeeding very well when the con
ductor came in and struck James over the
head with some blunt instrument, inflicting
an ugly wound. For this the arrest was made.
«. — .* — *
Died While Making a Call.
Richard C.Cunningham, who in early days
was proprietor of a well-known roadhouse on
the San Bruno road, died suddenly on Thurs
day evening at 10:30 o'clock, at the residence
of Mrs. Lawless, 511 Frankliu street. Mr.
Cunningham resided at 306 Grove street. He
was a widower C 5 years of age.
Judge Wallace branded as a selfrconvicted
perjurer in Barry's Star. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
LITTLE JIM'S
PROMISED LAND.
Incurables' Ward in the
Children's Hospital Now
Awaits Him.
HE WILL SOON ENTER IN
Reception Given by Him Yester
day to His Legion of
Friends.
A HOUSE FULL OF SUNSHINE.
The Little Invalids Are Filled With
Happy Expectancy Regarding
Their New Home.
The Little Jim ward for incurables in
the Children's Hospital is ready for the
reception of Little Jim and his fellows.
There is a bridge extending from the
Tbe Shadow and the Light— Little Jim and His Quarters; as They Were and as
They Are.
old to the new hospital at the second
story of the buildings. It is a covered and
inclosed bridge with plenty of windows.
It is to be called tho Bridge of Smiles —
that is to say, it might be called the
Bridge of Smiles, for it is through it that
Little Jim on his crutches will lead the
unhappy incurables out of tbe darkness of
the old building into the light of tne new.
Little Jim was holding a levee yesterday,
but be would nofhave known it had not
some one lold him. In a gloomy room — j
the best, perhaps, that the old building
affords— he was resting his wan little face
on his thin white hand listening to the
subdued voice of the nurse at his side.
She had given him a rose and was explain
ing to him that it had been sent by a lady
— one of the many ladies who were at that
very moment walking up and down the
wide stairways and through the round,
bright rooms that had been built for him
just across the bridge — and how the ladies
would have liked to come and see him and
bring him flowers, but that it was best for
him that they should not.
There were a dozen of the little invalids
in this gloomy room, where, despite the !
every-day calni that was preserved, they j
were as happy as is the out-door child on
the eve of a summer vacation.
It was Little Jim's day and he felt the
importance of it.
Over the bridge the beautiful circular
building was crowded with his friends, all
congratulating him on the change in his
fortunes. No cheerier sickroom could be
imagined. Its wide circle let in the light
everywhere; its white walls were gay with
pictures chosen to catch the fancy of the
ciild. Flowers were everywhere.
Tbe orchestra was making music, and
in tbe children's playroom, whicn com
prises the top floor, a compuny of nurses
in caps and blueeowns were serving coffee
and other refreshments to the visitors as
they thronged through tbe room.
It was a reception in celebration of the
completion of the new ward of the hospi
tal. The new ward is a hospital in itself,
containing no lean than forty beds. There
is an operating and surgical department
in the new ward, which will remove that
department from the old building, allow
ing that much more room there. E/ery
thing in the new ward is of the brightest
and whitest and best.
The new ward will enable the hospital
to accommodate all comers— no applicant
need be turned away. All the Little Jims
ot the City may find room here in the sun
shine, at least so the directors hope. The
bed 6 already there do not by any means
till the space it offers and when need be
others will be put up.
The playroom on tbe upper floor is
roofed with glass and the walls for the
most part glass. Here the little invalids
may have great sport and forget some
times that their lot is not as happy as
some others. There are a few touches of
further preparation to be made and then
the Little Jims will cross the bridge and
enter into their promised land.
WHY THE MONADNOCK MOVED.
Her Captain Objected to His Men Pay
ing Ferriage on Decoration Day.
The various and numerous refreshment
resorts and clam-chowder traps along the
Sausalito water front have found business
much improved by • the presence of the
United States war vessels. Coast Survey
steamers and revenae cutters. The mon
itor Monadnock carries a large crew, and
Jack is partial not alone to tbe Sausalito
brands of rum, but to the creamy chowdefr
and stall-fed oyster likewise. Therefore
when the Monadnock got up steam the
other day and moved majestically from
Richardson's Hay to the Ban Francisco
water front there was much speculation as
to tho reason for this unexpected change,
as it was generally understood that she
would only lift anchor when it was time
for her to get under way for Banta Cruz.
Now the cause of this shift ct berths is
attributed to a difference between Captain
Sumnerof the monitor and the superin
tendent of the North Pacific Coast railroad.
The captain was under the impression the
detachment he sent from his crew to a s-
sist in the decoration of the graven should
be carried over free. The superintendent
couid not see the point. The captain ar
gued that that the company should have
sufficient patriotism to forego the tax of
25 cents a man for the tars. But the su
perintendent was adamant. The fares
were paid, and the indignant commander
pot up steam on his vessel and steamed
away to a more hospitable shore.
Commodore .Harrison, the Government
pilot, used his persuasive eloquence to in
duce Captain Sumner to return, but the
offended mariner turned a deaf ear to all
the commodore's overtures. Now, as
compensation for the loss of the Monad
nock, Harrison declares that he will get
the Oregon to anchor off Sausalito, and
that she is worth a dozen monitors.
•—»• — » ■ ♦
THAT TELEPHONE ORDER
City and County Attorney Crerwell
to Frame an Ordinance That
Will Be Legal.
Supervisor Spreckels, who has kept a
close waich on the telephone franchise
which has been before the board for
several weeks past, headed off another
attempt to push the measure pro
posed by the People's Mutual Telephone
Company through to a recommendation
yesterday and succeeded in having the
matter referred to the City and County
to draw up an ordinance that
will be legal and free from jolcers.
The orders of the People's Mutual Com
pany and the one proposed by Herman de
Laguna on behalf of a conrpany of capi
talists were sent to Attorney Creswell to
be used in part or as a whole as he deems
necessary. General Freidrich, who ap
peared for the People's Mutual Company,
expressed himself as fully satisfied to have
Mr. Creswell draw the order.
»—» — ♦ — •—
Saun«ler»' Divorce.
Susan Saunders, through her attornsy, George
Hayford, yesterduy made complaint against
Frederick. Saunders, her husband, whom she
is suing for divorce, asking thp.t be be re
strained from disposing of his property pend
ing decision of the divorce suit.
BILLY SMITH TO
FIGHT GALLAGHER.
He Telegraphs Consent and
the Challenger Signs
Articles.
SHARKEY TO CORBETT.
Tom O'Rourke Declares Slavin
Can Stop Sharkey in Ten
Rounds.
"KID" LAVIGNE TO COME HERE.
There Is a Promise of Many Lively
Boxing Contests in the Near
Future.
The New Occidental Club has only re
cently organized, but it is compos'd of
men who intend to make boxing lively in
the near future.
As an example of their ambition it may
be stated that yesterday they matched
••Mysterious" Billy Smith of Boston and
Billy Gallagher, who recently defeated
Danny Needbam, to box in Ban Francisco
in a very short time.
Smith wrote to Mitchell a week ago,
| asking for a chance to fight the winner of
I the Gallagher-Needbam contest. Yester
day Mitchell telegraphed Smith that Gal
lagher was willing to meet him, and in
return received the following telegram:
Portland, Or., June 5, 1896.
Young Mitchell: All right; 144 pounds.
Send $60 for expenses. Billy Smith.
"Young" Mitchell is really the moving
spirit of the new organization, and it is
due to his enterprise and business sagacity
that the new Occidental Club has been
formed. He said : "Gallagher has already
signed articles for the contest, which will
be of ten rounds' duration, for a suitable
purse.
"Smith's telegram shows that he is per
fectly willing, and will attach his signa
ture upon arrival day after to-morrow.
The bout will take place in the Pavilion
and as soon as it can be brought off.
"Smith is generally recognized as be-
ing the welter-weight champion of the
world. The men are about evenly matched,
and both are hard, wicked fighters, being
known as 'knockers out.'
"In my opinion it will be the best
welter-weight match in the country.
There wiil be no such monkey tactics in
tbe ring as have taken place here lately."
But this is not the only match the club
has in view by any means, as this tele
cram, also received yesterday, demon
strates:
New York, June 5, 1896.
John L. Mitchell: See how much club will
give for Slavin to stop Sharkey in ten rounds.
Tom O'Rovrke.
A telegram from so prominent a man as
O'Rourkj demands attention at once.
Evidently Mitchell thought so, for the fol
lowing dispatch was at once forwarded to
to him:
SaY Francisco, June 5, 1896.
Ton O'Rourke: New Occidental Clnb has
permits for contests. If not Sharkey will take
on Jack Davis. Come on anyway. We can do
business. Mitchell.
The answer to this dispatch is expected
to-day. If ; Sharkey does not care to meet
the brawny Australian there is no doubt
but that Davis will be willing to step into
the ring with him, tor he says he is here
not for his health alone and will meet any
body in. the heavy-weight class.
E.- J. Lynch, Sharkey 's backer, was also
willing to speak of the prospects of his
charge. He said: . .
"We intend to lie low and saw wood. ; ,
"The Dest offer that comes in will be ac
cepted. This is a purely business propo
sition with us, and we \ intend to work it
for all there is in it. I don't know any
thing about the New Occidental Club, be
cause we are identified with the National
<31ub." • • ••■
Sharkey even went so far as to express
surprise at the offer made by the New Oc
cidental Club. It was not becoming in
him, he said, to fight for so small a purse
as $1250. As the last purse Sharkey got is
generally conceded to be about $1000, that
gentleman's contempt for a $1250 purse is
not easily understood. ;: . V .-.-'. ".V- '"•
As regards fighting Davis, he has noth
ing to say. The question as to whether he
would meet Davis, provided a suitable
purse be offered— his estimate ' being that
$2500 would be appropriate to : a i man of
his pugilistic — elicited no answer.
It may be stated on the authority of
••Youm? I*'1 *' Mitchell , that "Kid" L.avigne
will be here inside of three months, and
that the club is now in correspondence
with him. ' - -.-■■'■■ -
, Sam Fitzpatrick, his : manager . and
trainer, has written a letter giving Mit
chell and Dan Leary power , to act. . The
new club wishes it to be stated, that It |is
now open 'for offers from those that would
like to go against the "kid."
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
made public : that .hereafter only those
! clubs capable of paying a high license will
be given permits to draw off contests. , -
♦
SHARKEY AFTER CORBETT.
I Indignantly Bets That "Jim" Can
not Stop Him !n Four Rounds.
Sharkey is looking for fistic trouble
with Jim Corbett, and his backer has
emphasized the matter by depositing
forfeit money for a match of limited
length.
Jim Corbett made tne statement yester
day that he could stop Sharkey in four
rounds. The news was not long in reach
ing Sharkey's backer,»and last night he
deposited $'0Q with a morning journal as
a ernarsn cc of good faith in challenging
"Gentleman Jim" to attempt to make
good his boast.
When seen last night Sharkey said that
he was eager to meet Corbett for four
rounds, for he feit that Corbett could not
stop him in that time. With the bet was
the offer to meet Corbett any where that
might suit his convenience.
A CHARITY DEFENDED.
Dlanngement of the Christian Union Mis
sion Refutes Some Misstatements.
The following communication is self-ex
planatory :
''Christian Union Mission, I
590 Mission Street, June 5, 1890. j
To tlie Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
On June 3 the Examiner published an article
by oue "Ben Wilson" that did the Christian
Union Mission a great injustice, and by order
of the superintendent we wrote to that journal
explaining matters and asking for publication
of the facts. This was cheerfully promised,
but to-day's codv, though bringing a weak re
traction, if not what it ought to be, and there
fore we appeal to Thk Caix as the ever-ready
champion of truth and liberty, to publish the
following letter, which is an exact copy of the
one furnished the Examiner:
Mr. Wilson starts out. by saying "that a sign
greeted him as he talked up the steps: it read
that all who called niter 8 o'clock tit night
should apply at the side door." This is not so.
There nevcr'was such a si<rn, and we are at a
loss to understand how Mr. Wilson can ssiy so.
Then Mr. Wilson speaks of "naming gas jets
and a blazing lire :i the office." As there is
neither stove no fireplace in the office, and as
there is only one gas jet at the register-desk
you fHii easily see that there is a mistake some
where. '"The side door was opened by a young
man,'' continues Mr. Wilson. This is another
mistake, for the side door is always open till
11 o'clock. But now comes Mr. Wilson's state
ment that we should have said, "Our rule in
not to give a bed to anyone unless we receive an
overcoat or something on deposit." This state
ment is absolutely false and an unmitigated lie.
We simply defy any one to come forward and
show when or where we ever did take a garment
aa security for a lodging. We go further than
that, and claim that no worthy man is refused
a bed or a meal at the Christian Union Mission,
and we .'ire prepared to prove it.
Mr. Wilson admits that he was toll "You
smell of whisky"— and this fact barred him
from admission. We have very pronounced
ideas as regards liquor, and well remember
this particular case. There happened to be
two gentlemen in our office at that time, one
of whom is a minister, and they will gladly
bear me out in the statement that Mr. Wilson
rilled the office with the fumes of liquor. You
say we might be mistaken. Hardly; for three
years of continuous service in the mission and
daily contact with that class of which Mr.
Wilson ls a representative have taught us to
"size up" people and made us competent to
judge in such cases.
It is a pity that an institution like the Chris
tian Union Mission, which has, in its quiet
way, fed, lodged and clothed thousands,
should be so grossly misrepresented by aDy
"Ben Wilson." We cordially invite this Mr.
Wilson to call nt our office, and we shall take
pleasure in Introducing him to those gentle
men who witnessed the little incident and
are ready to substantiate the assertions of
your humble servant,
Uev. P. W. Frtedrich,
Assistant Superintendent.
CLEARY ON HIS MUSCLE.
Charlie Favor's Threatened Evidence
Arouses the Anger ot the Cus
toms Inspector.
Customs Inspector Cleary got into trouble
again yesterday, and it is highly probable that
he will have considerable difficulty in explain
ing his conduct to his superiors.
Thursday night Cleary visited Chinatown
apparently in search of his old-time friend,
Charles Favor. He whs in a highly intoxicated
condition, making it generally disagreeable
for those with whom he came in, contact.
Finally he met a friend of Favor's, an alterca
tion followed, resulting in Cleary "pulling his
gun." He was arrested and booked at the
California-street station, but later in the even
ing was released on a $300 bond.
Yesterday he started on the warpath again,
and was rearrested about noon. Cleary's dis
like ot r'avor grows out of the rumor that the
latter intends to turn State's evidence. Some
two months ago Cleary and Favor were
jointly charged with attempting to extort
inonev from Chinese. The former was re
leased by Commissioner Ilcacock because of
insufficient evidence, but lavor did not escape
so lightly.
He whs held to answer under $1000 bonds,
which he was unable to give. Last week Dis
trict Attorney Foote reduced the bond to $500,
and now Favor is practically a fret* man. It
was given out at the time that Favor had se
cured his freedom, on a promiso to tell some
unpleasant things about Cleary and other
customs officials. Cleary heard of it, and for
the last two days he has been hard after the
sculp of his erstwhile iriend. Wh«r theout
come will be no one can surmise, but there is
a general belief around the Federal building
that Special Agent Moore will use the present
trouble against him in Washington.
IS AFTER GREAT SHIPS,
S. Asam of Japan Here to Con
sult With the Union Iron
Works.
A New Stcam?r Line to Be Estab
lished Between Japanese Ports
and Portland, Oregon,
S. Asam of Tokio, who is at the head of a
new Japanese syndicate with #5,000.000 capi
tal to start a new line of steamers between the
principal ports of Japan and Portland, arrived
here yesterday.
Under a law lately passed by the Japanese
Diet a subsidy is to be paid by the Government
for all vessels of over 6000 tons burden. The
idea of the company, which has already been
organized, is to have all its vessels of about
9000 tons.
The vessels therefore will be of enormous
size. Mr. Asam is here to see what terms
American shipbuilders can make him on
building tne vessels.
His object first is to see Irving M. Scott of
the^Jnlon Iron Worts. Mr. Dickey of the works
was over in Japan s ome time since, and then,
it is stated, had a consultation with Mr. Asam
and his friend* concerning the snips.
It is given out from a reliable source that the
subsidies guaranteed by the Japanese Govern
ment will go far to foot the cost of the vessels.
Mr. Asam is very friendly, as are his country
men generally, to Americans. He thinks his
ships ought to be built here.
The idea of the n£W s-yndicate is to do a very
large business nnd cut" the freight and pas
senger rates to a low point. They have even
in view the fnrnishing ot a passenger rate as
low as $9 between Japan and the coast.
A big busiuc-ss is expected to be done in tea.
By fostering trade it is thought a great and
at the same time profitable business maybe
worked up between the two countries.
Mr. Asam will be here for some daye and will
thoroughly investigate the matter. Then he
will probabiy go East and to Europe.
Defective Light Wires.
The residence of M. H. de Young narrowly
escaped destruction by fire on Thursday nctm.
When the house was wired for electric light
ing the wires were improperly'placed and the
fluid made a short circuit through a Kaspipe,
which was in time burned in two, and the gas
.escaping was converted into a flame. The flame
was burning rapidly into a large beam when
the fire was discovered. A still alarm was
given to the engine-house near by and the
firemen hpd considerable difficulty in reach
ing the fire, which was between the walls. The
damage Mas not great.
Hotel Men's Annual Election.
At the annual meeting of the California-
Hotel Association held yesterday at the PalHCe
Hotel, B.F. Thbrn was re-elected president;
Joseph King was elected vice-president; Gen
eral K. H. Warfield was re-elected as secretary;
K. li. Soule, re-elected treasurer. Charles
Montgomery, General Wartield and Joseph H.
DoolitUe were elected as the executive com
mittee for the term of two years, and George
P. Snell and J. C. Kirkpatrick, legislative oom
mittee for the samtj period.
The Comoact Demoralized.
The new insurance compact, which seemed
almost certain of successful organization
Thursday, has been demoralized by the sud
den withdrawal of the Atlas and the Assurance
Union companies. This left the compact with
out the Hartford, Royal, Atlas, Assurance Un
ion and Continental and a few smaller compa
nies. The rumor that the Alliance Company
would leave San Francisco was denied yester
day by its general manager, Mr. James.
WORLD'S MUTTON KING.
Arrival' of Allan Hughes, the
Great Sheep-Grower of
Australia.
Tried to Find a Market :n Japin and
Made a Qu?lt Discovery — The
Market Here.
Among the arrivals here yesterday by the
steamer Peru from Australia was Allan
Hughes of London, the mutton king of the
wt>rld.
For many years Mr. Hushes has owned ships
plying between England and the Antipodes.
i He had.an abundance of cargoes to take.out.but
oftentimes did not have cargoes for the return
I trip. He had carried a great deal of mutton to
• London, end conceived the idea of going ex
tensively into the sheep business in Australia,
so that his vessels could be further employed.
This was several years ago. He. invested
large sum* in sheep and chose the best grazing
grounds for them. They increased so fast that
he was ere long the greatest grower not only
in Australia but on the globe. , ,' ; 'v
He enlarged the capacity ot his vessels also,
so that now he is able to ship as many as
80,000 rtre<sed sheep at a time. Mutton sells
in Australia for i! cents a pound, but in Lon
don it Is worth -1 cents.
Mr. Hughes was surprised to find that mut
ton in San Francisco is worth {> cents. It
astonished him beyond measure, for the
figure seems extraordinary, so he says. He
thinks there must he a big profit in sheep
growing at this figure. , Mr. Hughes will look
1 further into the state of the mutton market
I while here.
He has recently spent some time in Japan,
, where he went wita the object of trying to
j rind a market for mutton from his vast ranges,
i or stations, as the ranches are there called.
■ The king of the mutton growers was, how
! ever, astonished when he eot to delving into
| the actual condition of things. As a result he
! will not ship uny mutton there. He found that
; nobody wanted mutton, and that the Japanese
esteemed it of little more value than goat's
flesh. . ' ' .
■ In Tokio alone he found there were 600 beef
dealers, 117 dealers in horse flesh, 160
in pork and 73 sellers of the meat of wild
animals, while there were but 17 dealers in
mutton. ■
Mr. Hughes would like to brine some of his
1 mutton here, and it is possible that he may do
; so. He will remain a few days and will then
> go on to London.
•—• — * — •
Ball Grounds Boycotted
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council Thursday night a boycott was ordered
on the baseball grounds at the corner of Fol
j sota and Sixteenth strects.^This course was
! instituted because of the action on the al
leged part or the baseball management in vio
lating agreements with the council in the
matter of Jettfng contracts to non-union men.
. • — ♦— •
Milliners to Close Karly.
The wholesale milliners of the City have
formally agreed to close their places on Satur
day afternoons at 2 o'clock from to-day until
August 3. The firms which have signed the
agreement to close are Butler-Schutze Cora
i pany, F. Toplitz &, Co., Holm &, Nathan, Him
I & Landt and R. L. Toplitz & Co.
A WAR REMINISCENCE
Scenes at Hatcher's Creek and
Petersburg Recalled. .
John B. Scare Speaks to a Reporter of
Stirring Scenes — Escaped With a ■
Slight Wound, but, I.lke Other
Veterans, Has Suffered Since.
■ A Story That Reads Like a
Page From History.
From the Albany, X, V., Journal.
Wheu one encounters in print the life-story
of some scarred veteran of the Civil War, a
feeling of admiration and sympathy is the
certain result. Accustomed though we are to
tales of heroism and suffering in everyday
life, there is something peculiarly attractive,
about these old war records, serving, as they
do, as a sacred passport to the heart of every
true American. Thousands found their rest
on the field of carnage or in the hospital, bui.
their comrades, when the struggle was over
and the victory wou, returned to their homes
and began anew the battle of lite.
John B. Scace, the widely-known contractor
and building-mover of Albany, X. V., has had
an unusually interesting life, and when seen
by a reporter recently at his home, No. 15
Bradford street, told of his many experiences
and adventures while serving under the old
flag in the late war. Although having en
dured all the hardships and privations of life
in the ranks, Mr. Scace bears his more than
hall a century of years with an elastic step and
a keen mind, taking an active interest in pri
vate and public affnirs.
Mr Scace is a member of Berkshire Lodge
Xo 52, I. O. O. F. He enlisted in the army in
18G2 in Company A, Forty-ninth Massachu
setts Volunteer Infantry, serving under Colonel
W. F. Bartlett, First Brigade, First Division,
Nineteenth Corps, with which he participated
in some of the hottest battles of the war, in
cluding Port Hudson, Donaldsonville and
Plain Store, where he was wounded. His time
being out he was discharged, but soon re-en
listed as sergeant in Company A, Sixty-first "
Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.
He was in the battle of Hatcher's Run, tho
fight about Petersburg and the battle of
After his honorable discharge (June 4, 1865)
Mr. Scace returned to Albany ana settled down
once again to his business and social interests.
He has resided in the city ever since. It would
seem that now of all times his peace and hap
piness would have been uninterrupted. Such
was uot to be the case, for four years ago, while
engaged in superintending the raising of the
immense smokestack of the Albany electric
power-house, the lever of a loosened windlass
struck him a heavy blow across the back. The
effect of the blow was not at first apparent,
he being able to leave his bed in a few days.
But the worst was to follow, for without warn
ing he was i-elzed with sciatic rheumatism in
all its virulence. Untold agony followed.
Said Mr Scace: "I could not sleep for the
pain Koone will know the tortures the rheu
matism gave me. I don't know how I lived
during those days. I became little more than
skin and bones," and- it seemed like life didn't
have anything but suffering in it. Cures T I
tried every so-called rheumatic cure that was
ever invented. I gave all of them a good trial
before I stopped taking them. My friends and
neighbors recommended remedy after remedy
that they heard of, but my rheumatism wnu
on just the same. Well, after 1 had almost had
the life tortured out of me I came across a
newspaper account of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,
and I thought I might as well add another
name to the list as not, so I ordered some of
my druggist.
"I tell you, I was glad in those days to hear
of anything that could give me any hope tit
all. "Yes, I got them, and before I had taken.
two boxes that pom began to leave me. Why. 1
couldn't understand it. I couldn't imagine
myself being cured. But before I had taken a
half-dozen of those boxes I wan cured. The
suffering which had made my life almost un
bearable for so long had disappeared. I was a
new man. . - ,
"I began to get strong. I picked up in flesh,
and I went back to my business with all the
vigor and vim of a young man. I think every
one who knows me will tell you what it did
for me. Pink Pills is the grandest medicine
ever discovered, and if my recommendation
will do it any good I want you to use it. I
hope others will hear Of it and be benefited as ■
I have been. Every one shouid hear of it. I
cau'tsay too much for them," Mr. Scace ex
claimed, enthusiastically, in conclusion.
This is but one of the many cases in which
Pink Pills have taken such a beneficent part in
the history of humanity.
Mr. Scace is now enjoying the fruits of an
unusually large business managed solely by
himself and covering almost the entire eastern
portion of the State. Mr. Scaco is also an ivory
carver of marked ability, which he follows
solely for his own pleasure. Many little
trinkets carved by the light of the campfire at
test his skill in this direction.
Far from being solicited to recommend the
curative wnich had taken such a load of
misery from his life in his gratitude hw
praise for it is unstinted and onceaaing.
And from his own statement one may easily
see that when he does cease to sing its
virtues it will be to answer the last mustering
in.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are also a
specific for troubles peculiar to females, such
a» suppressions, irregularities and all forms
of weakness. In men they effect a radical
cure in all cases arisine from mental worry,
overwork or excesses of whatever nature.
Pinic Pills are sold in boxes (never in loose
bulk) at 50 cents a box or six boxes for 92 50
and may be had of ail druggists or direct by
mail from Dr. Williams" Medicine Company,
Scbenectady, N. Y.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The wheelmen have arranged for a num
ber of road runs into the country to-mor
row, as will be seen in the table at the head
of the cycling department.
The oarsmen are taking light exercise
so that they will be in j^ood form for a
hard course of training a few weeks previ
ous to the Stockton regatta.
James J. Corbett will box a member of
the Olympic Cinb at an exhibition which
will be given in few days in the club's
gymnasium.
Olympic Club athletes are in strict train
ing foi the Multnomah Athletic Club
meeting, which will be held in Portland in
a few weeks.
The sportsmen, anglers, coursers, rifle
shooters, etc., are all having excellent
sport.
THE WHEELMEN
The Central Park Race Meets a
Failure— Club Events.
Cycle track racing has been abandoned
in this City for the present, the Central
Park venture not proving a financial suc
cess. This is not to be wondered at, as no
audience would care more than once to sit
and watch ten or a dozen preliminary
heats of an amateur race, three or four
temi-finals and a final. It gets very
monotonous, and the management of the
track has itself to blame that the pro
grammes were not better arranged and
more events and novelties introduced.
Take the card for last Saturday night,
for instance. It consisted of a short
distance professional race and a one-mile
amateur ''consolation" — tliat was all. The
professional race was all right in its way,
but there were only. four beats, with two
or three starters in each, and a final, and
it was soon over. Then came the 'con-
Bolation." As may be imagined by the
name, such a race is for nien who have
never won a prize at the track. Does any
one care to sit for an hour watching a lot
of men who are too slow to win even ama
teur races ride off seven heats, two semi
finals and a final, covering the miles at
anywhere from 2:30 te 2:50? The public
does not care for that kind of "sport," and
it is small wonder that the evening's pro
gramme only drew a few friends of the
«riders themselves.
Before Wells, Coulter, McFarland, Ter
rill, .Parker and some other crack pro
fessionals went East, tbe races wer.e quite
interesting and well contested; even then,
however, the management made the mis
take of not having enough events on the
programme; in seeking to save a few
dollars in prizes by leaving out a race,
they adoptod a penny wise potind foolish
policy, and the result is the failure of the
meets from a financial point of view.
It is desirable that San Francisco should
support a cycle track, that the racers of
this City may have a place to train and to
compete occasionally. A race meet con
duct d here say once a month, would pay
its promoters well, if properly hanuled.
The Cycle Board of Trade is going to look
into tbe matter, and it will also be brought
before the California Associated Cycling
Clubs at their meeting in Alameda to
night. It is quite evident that weekly
meets will not pay, particularly when
there is nothing on the programmes to
attract the public. Trick riding, match
races, tandem races, long-distance rides
against time and other novelties could be
introduced, and would draw well. But
there is nothing to interest the most
ardent admirer of the sport in a "one
mile amateur scratch, consolation" race,
or a "one-mile novice" run-off in a dozen
or fifteen heats before the final.
June is a splendid month for touring,
the roads beine usually at their hest all
during this month. In July and August
they will be very dusty. There will be sev
eral road race? the latter part of this
month, and on the second Sunday in July
comes the great twenty-mile event of the
associated clubs.
Captain Pixiey of the San, Francisco
Road Club has arranged a series of out
ings for the cjub members for the next
few Sundays to come. To-morrow they
will tcr to the £ark and Cliff, leaving the
clubhouse on Golden Gate avenue at 10
o'clock. Next Saturday evening, the 13th,
they will take the steamer Zinfandel at
Jackson-street wharf at 11 o'clock and go
to >"apa, where they will visited the petri
fied forest, >oda springs, insane asylum
and other places of interest, returning
Sunday night. On Sunday, June 21, there
will be a blind run, leaving the clubhouse
at BA. m., and the Sunday following the
members will have a five-miie handicap
road race over the San Leandro-Haywards
course. July 4 and 5 the club will spend
at Petaluma, the occasion being the an
nual meet of the League 'of American
Wheelmen which all the clubs will attend.
Such a programme affords the members
a variety of wheeling and enjoyment, and
Captain Pixley's example in announcing
his intentions so far ahead could be fol
lowed to advantage by other club captains,
as it gives the members a knowledge of
what they are going to do and where they
will be sufficiently far in advance to keep
MelTln O. Dennis. Who Kode the Fastest MHe Ever M»do on a Bfeycle-1:M 3-5.
t them from making other engagements,
I and as a result the Road Club's members
! turn out in large numbers, on all club runs
and events.
Chailes M. Murphy, E. H. Kiser and
Harry Wheeler have gone to Europe to
race, under the management of Willis B.
Troy. The coming of these three riders
| concerns the foreign cracks and the other
j Americans now there considerably, for
; they krrow Troy of old. It was he who
, handled Zimmerman when he swept every
i tiling beiore him on the Continent for two
successive seasons, and they appreciate
that Troy would not invade their shores
! now unless he was sure he stood a pretty
! good chance of success.
The regular bi-monthly meeting of the
!. California Associated Cycling Clubs will
! be held this evening at the rooms of the
; Alameda Cyclers, and considerable busi
ness of importance is to be transacted.
Ansley G. Dav:s of Davis Brothers will
start in a few days on a tour of Lake and
Mendocino counties awheel, accompanied
iby several friends. They will follow the
, routes laid down in the League of Ameri-
I can Wheelmen's road book.
Otto Zieirler Jr., the crack California
racer, and his trainer, R. P. Aylward, will
join the National racing circuit at Galves
ton. Ziegler has not been in the best of
i healtn, but is fast rounding into shape and
j condition, and will make a splendid show
! ing on the circuit. He is in excellent
hands, there being no better trainer in the
business than Aylward, and he under
stands Ziegler perfectly.
The question that is agitating manufac
turers of bicycles this year, and buyers as
I well, is whether or not the standard of
j prices wiil be maintained in 1897. This is
a hard matter to gauge. Many well-kr.own
critics predict a slump in the market, ar
gue that price-cutting will prevail, and in
sinuate that many manufacturers will go
to the wall. The last assertion is doubt
less true, but the leading makers of high
grade wheels are not apprehensive for the
result. It is maintained by many that the
high-grade wh el will be sought for with
the eagerness that met the outputs of a
dozen big concerns in this country last
season. Representative establishments,
which make representative wheels, will
not feel the crash. They bare been ad
vertising their products, are known for
their position in the trade and will be able
to hold their popularity, no matter what
comes. Take any industry in this coun
try, for instance— an industry that has a
particular "cinch" on some article — the
manufacturers have tbeir agents in every
city, or possibly branch bouses, and those
agents or branches are selling none but
the goods of the company interested.
There are no consignments of wheels to
agents by first-class manufacturers, and
these people are ie a position to maintain
the prices on their wheels, and $100 will
proßably be required for a wheel of good
manufacture, as they commanded this
price the beginning of the present season.
The Imperial Cycling Club will aave a
club run to San Jose to-morrow. There
will be two divisions; the first under com
mand of Lieutenants Troiliet and Muller
will take the 7:30 a. m. broad-gauge boat;
the second will be paced by tandems and
will tak"e the 8:30 a. m. boat. The return
will be by steamer from Alviso. Begin
ning July 1 there will be an initiation lee
of $5 to this club. The board of directors
have adopted a membership card, which
must be shown at certain times to allow
members club privileges. The club will
have a tive-ruile handicap road race on
Sunday, the 21st inst., over the Haywards
course. There will be fifteen or twenty
place prizes, aiso prizes for fastest time.
Entries for the race close Monday even
ing, June 15. The next regular members'
meeting will be held that evening.
Captain Plummer of the Bay City Wheel
men will ride to Lake Pilarcitos to-morrow
to make arrangements for a run of his
cub there in another week.
The Acme Club Wheelmen expect a
large entry list in their ten-mile road race
from Fruitvale to Haywards on Sunday,
June 14. A great many of the club's
speedy road-riders are now training for
the eveut.
To Melyin O. Dennis of Denver, Colo.,
belongs the honor of having ridden a mile
on a bicvele in less time than it was ever
ridden before on a bicycle or any other
machine propelled by human power. On
March 27 last over the Montclair straight
away course at Denver with a strong wind
at his back he rode a mile in the remark
able time of 1:11 3-5, cutting 13 2-5 seconds
oft the previous record. His wheel was
geared to 107, and the wind was blowing
at the rate of fifty-eight miles an hour. The
wind was so strong that he was forced to
ride a quarter of a mile beyond the finish
line beiore he could dismount from his
wheel, and even then he could . not ride
back apainst it, and was forced to walk.
His throat was so affected that he was un
able to speak aloud for nearly two days,
while the 3and was blown across the
prairie with such force that much of the
enamel and nickel was literally ground off
bis machine. The course had been ac
curately surveyed by a surveyor; the ride
was carefully and accurately timed, and
nothing was left undone in the matter of
detail to place the entire performance be
yond question. It stands to-day as the
greatest ride against time ever made in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
world. Dennis is of the opinion that he
can pat the straightaway mile under one
minute before another year has passed.
The California Cycling Club will hold a
tryeut to-morrow over the San Leandro
triangle to select a team for the 20-mile
associated clubs race in July. The club
will also hold a 5-mile road race on Sun
day, June 28, over a course to be selected
later. Many of the club's members are
now touring about the State. John
Burke, ex-captain, is in the vicinity of
Mokelumne Hill. He rode from Lodi
with Lillie, the transcontinental record
holder. Messrs. Bush and Nason have
just returned from a trip to the Clear
Lakes region. Harvey and Egeberg rode
a tandem to Stockton last Saturday, re
turning Sunday. Ti.e initiation fee of the
club has been placed at $2 50. There is
some complaint among the members be
cause the present road officers bave per
mitted the club's runs to fall below the
standard set by the previous officers. As
at present conducted ti.e runs are of in
frequent occurrence and poorly attended.
The club intends to give century bars to
members riding 100 miles within a pre
scribed time.
Local wheelmen in touch with racing
matters were surprised to read in the ac
counts of the Decoration day races at Los
Angeles in last Sunday's pauera that
Charley Wells, the popular Bay City
rider, was beaten in all the professional
events, and by men whom he was known
to hold well in hand. It was a surprise to
every one. and a disappointment to his
many friends. The explanation comes to
hand now, however, in a letter to me from
him in which he says:
Los Angeles, June 2, 1896.
My Dear Spalding: Well, I suppose you saw
that article in Sunday's papers and wondered
how it could be that everybody beat me out.
The report of the races was in error. The fact
Is, I did not ride at all Saturday, and when
the races were going on I was sick in bed in
the Westminster with a high fever. On the
train coming down I was feeling pretty badly,
and went to a doctor immediately upon my
arrival here. He gave me some medicine, but
it did me no good, and the next morning
I was worse. He said I h*d a complication of
ailment!> and advised me to go to bed, which I
did for a week, and yesterday was my first day
out. lam feeling splendidly now, and as soon
as I get so that I can eat something I will be
ah right again. I lost fully twenty pounds,
and only weigh 175 now. I am going to stay
here a couple of days longer and then join the
boys at San Antonio. With Kind regards to all
the boys, yours sincerely,
Chakles a Welia
The two professional events at the meets
at Central Park last Saturday afternoon
ami evening were won by R. E. Dow of the
Garden City Cyclers and A. M. Boyden of
thj Reliance Club Wheelmen, and thereby
bang two interesting tales. First, it is
said of Dow that as an amateur be never
won a race. He turned class B last fall
and then professional, and trained with
one of the record teams at Coronado. beiiv !
made captain and steersman of the big 4
Champion Robert Fltzsimmons and His Trainer, Jimmy Carroll.
seztuplet pacing-machine. When the at
tacks on records were abandoned he came
north ana rotie with poor success at first
against the professional cracks, but now is
riding as speedily as any of them. To
"beat such men a« Harry Terrill, Campbell,
Foster, Jones and Edwards in a short
distance scratch race a man has got to be
mighty speedy. His evolution from a
slow amateur to a crack professional in
considerably less than a year is unprece
dented and remarkable.
As for Bovden he never could win as an
amateur. Time and again he started and
as often was noted among those who "also
ran." Then some one advised him to turn
professional, as.-uriiiß him that on his
poor showing as an amateur he would be
given a good handicap, and if he won he
would get bright, shining "twenties" for
his reward instead of a medal, cheap jew
elry or undesirable merchandise. The man
who told him all this was a prophet,
surely, for Boyden, the first time he
started as a professional,* which was last
Saturday, was given 150 yards handicap in
the mile. He had to ride un paced all the
way, but he did it, winning first his heat
and then tne final, amid the delighted
yells of his much surprised clubmates.
And now be jingles those gold pieces
against one another as he strolls into the
clubhouse of an evening, and the members
look upon their only, professional almost
with idolatry. It is rumored that Charley
Bates will be the next to "flop over.
There will be a good many men joining
the professional ranks before long. The
success of Dow and Boyden will encourage
them to do so. Several ought to be there
now. Take Griffiths, Tom Hall, Tantau or
Yeoman, for instance, they are far too
speedy for the average amateur. The term
does not fit them.
Captain Argenti is arranging a trip for
the Camera Club Cyclists a week from to
morrow to Tocaloma and Taylorville.
Forty-two ladies and gentlemen went on
the run to Sonoma last Sunday and had a
very enjoyable time.
The racing board's bulletin for this week
is as follows:
BULLETIN NO. 13, JUNE 5, 1896.
Transferred to professional class— John B.
Draper, South Tacoma, Wash., own request;
A. H. Boyden, Oakland, Cal., D. E. Whitman
and W. A. Burke. Los Angeles, Cal., under
clause A. r. m. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
Wilbur J. Edwards, the San Jose racer,
has once again announced hi* retirement
from the track. He will probably not
stick to this determination long, as he is
thoroughly in love with the sport, and is
withal one of the most popular riders on
the coast.
Joseph B. Carey has resigned as captain
of the Garden City Cyclers. During his
tenure of office Mr. Carey has conducted |
many enjoyable and largely attended runs
of his club. Press of business is the rea
son of his withdrawal. His probable suc
cessor has not yet been announced.
James Frazer left yesterday morning for
a wheeling trip down the Salinas Valley,
his objective point being Temp eton.
Spalding.
ROD AND GUN.
Supervisors Who Angle In Spring:
Valley Laices— Oun Club Shoots.
Trout-fishing at the headwaters of the
Sacramento River will be first-class in a
few weeks. The weather has been very
warm in the mountains recently, causing
a rush of snow water from the hills which
raised the river several feet.
Latest reports from Simrus state ttiat
the river is rapidly assuming good shape
and that the trout are now rising well to
the stone and caddis flies, which are quite
numerous.
Messrs. Emmons, Bogart and Mansfield
whipped the Sacramento near S mms last
Sunaay with rather poor success. The
water was entirely too high, but the few
fish creeled by the anglers were of good
size.
Messrs. Douglas and Harmon, "the vet
erans of the glen," had a good day's trout
ing last Bunday in one of the tributaries
of the Sonoma CreeK. Mr. Douglas had
twenty fish in his creel, all of which meas
ured over thirteen inches. He states that
it has been many years since he enjoyed
such a good day's fishing.
Fonr of the Supervisors of this City,
under invitation of the directors of the
Spring Valley Water Company, fished the
San Andreas and Crystal Lakes last Sun
day. They found the fish in the last
named lake in splendid condition, but the
ones taken from San Andreas were liter
ally swarming with parasites, and made
no effort at fighting. Some day the water
company will conclude that cleaning the
lake of its sick denizens will be a move in
the right direction.
James Watt, F. Parriser and Frank An
eon net will fish the Los Gatos creek to
day. "The Lemmer" fly will be used
almost exclusively.
John Samrai, secretary of the San Fran
cisco Rod and Gun Club, will join the
.benedicts on Wednesday next. On Thurs
day he will start for the East on his wed
ding tour. He expects to be away from
home five or six weeks. Mr. Sammi is
very popular in shooting and fishing cir
cles, and it goes without saying that he
will carry with him the very best wishes of
friends innumerable for his future success
and happiness.
Frank Marcus and Dan Cronin of the
Nat Goodwin company are figurirg on a
great fishing trip to the Farallones. Mr.
Cronin is passionately fond of angling,
but he fears that his stomach will rebel
when the pork sandwiches will be intro
duced. He is well provided, however,
with "cures" for seasickness.
Lewis Butler, a son of the father of
Pacific Coast anglers— honest John But
ler—left this City a few days ago for two
weeks' outing on tbe Eel River in Hum
boidt County. Young Butler will be the
guest of Mr. Weymouth of Grizzly Bluff
while rusticating in the mountains, and
being a chip of the old block, his many
friends in this City expect to hear of hirge
catches of trout being made on the Van
Duzen and Price creeks, both of which are
noted trout streams.
The following communication from a
local angler is self-explanatory:
The expert fly-caster, "June-bug" Walker,
while fishing on the Paper-mill < reek lastHun
day with a friend, used tne fly exclusively.
About noon the anglers concluded to eat
lunch, and after selecting a nice shady spot,
they filled the inner man with ah the delica
cies of the season. Then they continued down
the stream, reaching Tocolomo in time for the
evenlnc train to the City.
Another fisherman who followed them came
to the spot where Walker and his friend had
lunched, and noticing something bright on
the bank, he picked it up and it proved to be a
leader-box. He put it In his basket, intending
to ask the fishermen on the train on their re
turn to the City if any one had lost such an
article, but it escaped bis memory.
Meeting Walker on the street the other day
and knowing that he had fished the Pai.it
mill Creek on Sunday, he quite miturally
asked him if he had lost a leadtr-box, describ
ing when and where he had found it. Walker
then told him he had lost his, and from the de
scription given of the box, Walker said it was
his.
The box contained two felt pads, between
which lay a leader with two bait-hooks, one fly
and a sinker attached to it.
The Reliance Gun Club wiil hold its in
augural shooi on its newly constructed
trap-shootiner grounds at the south end of
Weoster-street bridge, Oakland, to-mor
row. An excellent programme of events
has been arranged, and the contests will
be free to all shooters.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
decided at a recent meeting to hold a blue
rock tournament at Colma in a few weeks.
The prizes remaining over from the asso
ciation's picnic together with several
prizes recently received will be competed
for. Crack shooters wili be handicapped.
The Reliance Gun Club of Oakland w.ll
hold club medal match shoots on the third
Sundays of June, July and August at its
shooting rounds.
The spaniel breeders of Oakland, Stock
ton and this City have organized a club
which will be known as the Spaniel Club
of California.- The new club will foster the
breeding of Cocker, Sussex, Clumber and
Irish water spaniels. F. E. Miller of Oak
land is president, John E. Doak of Stock
ton, J. H. Sarami and H. H. Carlton of
this City, J. H. Brooks and J. H. Simp
son of Oakland, vice-presidents, and A. H.
Blow, secretary-treasurer. Over forty
breeders of spaniels have signified their
intentions of becoming members.
The following appeared recently in an
Englisn paper, the Bristol Times:
A gentleman was traveling on the Midland
Railway from Stonehouse to Bristol on a first-
Class smoker. A lady got in at Yate just as the
train was moving off. The gentleman was
smoking a we 1-colored meerschaum pipe,
which the lady threw out of the winaow. The
gentleman retaliated by throwing out her dog
At Mangotsfieid station the lady called the
guard and was about to give the gentleman
into custody for cruelty 10 her dog, when, on
turning round, the guard espied the dog run
ning alon* the platform with the pipe in his
mouth still alight.
Owing to the number of accidents which
occurred last season on account of the
careless handling of guns, an enterpris
ing landlord of a summer report in Santa
Cruz County, which is located in a game
district, has posted the following set of
rules :
Always keep your gun loaded.
Always keep your gun cccked.
II you are with others, be «ure that the muz
zle of the gun points toward one of them. %
In getting over a fence climb over first and
pu ' 1 i y°<ir gun after you, muzzle foremost.
When you see a suspicious movement in the
bushes fire at once. It may be one of your
comrades; but you may not hit him, ana you
cannot afford to lose any chances of game.
If a shell should miss fire get one of your
friends to look down the muzzie of your gun
while you try again. He maybe able to see
what i 6 the matter.
In the cane of a kicking gun, hold the stock
about four Inches in front of your face. In
his way ynu are farther awtiy from the kick
™" if you held the gun tightly to your
In boating for ducks rest your weapon mm
lie downward. It is expected that you know
low to swim should the gun go off and blow a
hole through the boat.
Always go on the supposition that your gun
lsn t loaded. In case ot doubt you can easily
The Grand Stand at the New Athletic Grounds Near the tresldio. Where a
Game of Ball Will Be Played for the First Time on Sunday.
ascertain by pointing it at the nearest man
and puiling tbe trigger. Should the man
show perforations after the experiment you
may conclude that it was loaded, but you can
always say you thought it wasn't.
THE BOXERS.
Jimmy Carroll's Opinion of the
Fighters of the Present Day.
Jimmy Carroll, the clever lightweight
pugilist, who is now an instructor of
physical culture, has an excellent opinion
of Dan Creedon. In speaking of the cel
ebrities of the present day, Carroll said:
I think Can Creedon is the best middle
weight in the world, barring Kitzsirumons, of
course, and he should be just the man to put
against Tom Sharkey. I recently heard from
a jTominent New York sporting man, who,
speaking of the Slavin and Maher fight, said
that barring "a fluke" Slavin should whip
Maher. I agree with him, as I cannot see
where Maher has any chance of winning:.
Many people thought that Peter bad Improved
in the last year and that he would whip Fitz,
but they now know better.
So far as the New Zealander is concerned, I
am positive he will not agree to a meeting
with Corbett while he has a dollar In his
pocket. I know that Fltzsimmons will never
bet a dollar on himself against Corbett, but he
will catch some betting man who will back
him under certain conditions, which must be
favorable to Bob.
Jim Corbett is the only man, to my knowl
edge, who ever backed himself to the extent
of $10,000 in cold casn. Corbett is a sreat
general mid financier, and uses extremely
good judgment when making matches. He
certainly means business, and If only too
anxious to meet Hitzsimmons in the ring.
What do I think of Peter Jackson ? Well, in
good condition, 1 think Jackson can whip
any heavy-weight. I cannot say how Peter is
feeling now. You know that a speedy life wiil
tell on the bes; of men, and 1 think Jackson
has enjoyed himself a little more
than was good for him since
he left San Francisco. I did hear from an old
triend of mine, who is a resident of London,
Eng., not long ago, and he stated that Jackson
looked exceedingly well, and should be able to
fit himself for one or two more battles before
he retires permanently from the ring.
In case Fitzsimmons. should leave for Eng
land with the idea of turning over the cham
pionship to Jackson rather than to fight Cor
beit, I am of tbe opinion that Jackson would
advise Bob to hold on to the title, as be might
need it for advertising purposes. If Slavin
whips Maher, I know that lie will immediately
challenge Fitzsimmons, and that would prove
& battle royal.
Carroll said that Jack McAuliffe would
take a trip to the Pacific Coast. Nothing
would give him greater pleasure than to
meet him (McAuliffe) once again in a fin
ish or a limited round contest.
THE OARSMEN.
Dolphin Boating club's Excursion,
The Stockton Regatta.
The Dolphin Boating and Swimming
Club will hold its annual picnic and ex
cursion . to-morrow in tbe Santa Cruz
Mountains. The 8:45 and the 9:15 a.m.
beats leaving the ferry landing at tbe foot
of Market street will connect with special
trains on the otber side of the bay. A
run of three hours will land the pleasure
seefcers at Sunset .Park — a beautiful picnic
resort, surrounded by large pines and red
woods. The committee in charge of the
excursion will spare no pains in maintain
ing strict order. In fan,' tbe rough ele
ment Thvariably steers clear of the Dol
phins' picnic.
Now that the El Cam po regatta is past
the rowing fraternity is already looking
forward with a pood deal of interest to the
announced rowing regatta to be held on
Stockton Channel on July 4, under the
auspices of the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion, which has received the sanction of
the P. A. A.
Recollections of the regatta held at
Stockton a year ago last Fourth of July
are still fresh in the memory of the rowing
fraternity. It was undonbied'y the best
manaeed and prettiest regatta ever held
on this coast, and the oarsmen are ex
ceedingly anxious to take part in the
coming one, and are already at work con
ditioning themselves for the contests.
The Stockton peojrie were so elated over
the success of their last year s regatta that
they have asked the Pacific Coast Ama
teur Athletic Association to set aside the
Fourth of July as a regatta day for Stock
ton, and there is talk of holding one art the
Slough City on the National holiday of
each year, as Fourth of July regattas on
the bay here, it is thought, are sporting
features of the past.
The Stockton Channel is undoubtedly
the first boat-racing course in the State,
bein^ straight as a rifle barrel, free from
winds and always calm. The only draw
back to S'ockton is the terrible summer
heat, but as the oarsmeu who will take
part in the coming regatta intend to stay
and train at Stockton for several days
before the contests, they should be pretty
well acclimated when the eventiul day ar
rives.
The Ariels will send up two outrigger
skiff oarsmen, two single-scullers and two
barge crews, a senior and junior. This
club is making itself known in the rowing
world now, and at tue El Campo regatta
it carried off the lion's share of the prizes.
J. Wilson, w o rowed under the club's
colors and won tbe outrigger skiff race, is
going to row in the singles at Stockton
against McCausland, Duplissea and Brown
of Stockton.
He is a very clever oarsman and a great
many think he can defeat any of the
above rowers.
The South End Club will send quite a
batch of oarsmen, as it expects two out
rigger skiffs to be completed by that time.
1. Caughlin, in the single scull, and a
couple of outrigger skiff oarsmen, will be
the only representatives from the Dol
phins, as they have no crews organized fit
to represent the club.
It is confidently expected that the Pio
neera will enter this regatta with their
crack senior crew, and if they do the other
clubs will have to look to their laurels, as
the crew has improved wonde-fully of late
and intends to train faithfully for future
contests.
The Olympic Club crew will undoubt
edly line up again, as the boyr are anxious
to show what they can do when given a
fair show in a race. They certainly got
the worst of tbe deal in the last regatta,
being busy straightening up tbeir boat for
the start when the pistol cracked and get
ting off a bad last, succeeded in coming in
tlnra.
Tne Alameda Boating and Swimming
Club intend to be well represented at
Stockton this year. They intend to hold
a regatta shortly, the winners of which
will be the club's representatives at
Stockton.
The Stockton Athletic Association will
•oon have their new boat from the East,
and with it they expect to wipe the earth
up with the South Ends' senior crew.
They are also confident that A. G.
Brown, their single sculler, can make a
much better showjng on his own waters
than be did at El Oampo.
At the Triton Boat Club's annrt" 1 meeti
ng the following were elected <fi cc s for
the ensuing term: Charles H Jr.,
president; John Peat, financial secretary;
M. Tromboni, recording secretary; A.
Berine, treasurer; Joseph L. Kehrlein,
captain; W. E. Hess, lieutenant captain;
trustees— D. J. O'Keefe, L. Adilerley, J.
Citrun.
The Native Sons are eager to have a
regatta at Stockton as part of the celebra
tion on September 9, and to further this
end they nave already raised $300 toward
carrying the affair through.
The following committee of the P. A. A.
has charge of the affair: S.J.Pembroke
of the Alameda Boating and Swimming
Club, chairman; J. Lenahan of the South
Ends, A. F. Kothkopf of the Dolphins, J.
Nolan of" the Ariels and W. Espy of the
Pioneers.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Australians In England With the
Summor Showers.
Rain has been interfering with cricket
everywhere apparentiy, except in th = fav
ored State. What the Australians tb. nk
of the English climate we shall dou^iess
hear when they arrive here in October. In
the second day of their match with "an
eleven of the South," played at East
bourne, the raio did not permit of a start
till 5 r. M.,and they played thirty minutes
in slosh before thousands of spectators
who had waited all day, having paid their
entrance fees. A striking instance of
Br itisii bulldogism ! At the close ol thai
day the visitors had 328 runs to their
credit, to which total Darling and Giffen
had contributed 115 apiece. This for the
loas of seven wickets.
The Middlesex vs. Yorkshire matcfij
commenced at Lords on the 22d ult., was,
by latest report* received, in favor of the
Northerners. Three centuri' s were made
in this event in the first inning, Brown
(Yorkshire) making 192, not out, and Stod
dart and Haynian (Middlesex) contribut
ing 100 ami 152 respectively.
In the Surry-Gloucestershire match
Champion W. G. Gr:ice was unfortunate
enough to open an old wound in his hand,
which may prevent his appearance on the
field for the rest of the season.
Oxford University beat Somerset by an
inning and 107 runs. I notice that W. N.
Roe, the star but at the latter team, is not
playing this season.
George 'Lohmaiin, the famous Surry
cricketer, has returned from Capetown
and will rejoin his old team.
In the correspondence department of
to-day's Call appears an interesting para
graph relating to cricket in Lake County.
The cup matches for to-morrow are:
Alamedas vs. Californias, at Aiameda, and
Pacifies vs. Bohemians, at Golden Gate.
The position of the four clubs is not likely
to be altered by the results, but there is
always "the glorious uncertainty" to baffle
prediction. Umpire.
BASEBALL.
The Opening of the New Presidio
Athletic Grounds To-Morrow.
Baseball opens to-morrow .at the New
Presidio Athletic Park on Baker am!
Francisco streets. It will be the first game
of the City League championship. The
grounds are in first-class condition. The
City Lea ue consists of three strong teams
that will try to make it interesting for the
cranks. The players have been practicing
for weeks to get in good condition for this
opening. Charles "Buck" Gagus has
been engaged as umpire, which will be a
guarantee that the game will go through
with a rush. This opening will prove to a
certain extent if the old-time "fans" of
the new "comers" want baseball again as
it should be played. The game will be
called at 2p. m. sharp. The line-up is as
follows:
FACIFIC VS. CALIFOBNIA.
Hammond Catcher Body
Mccarty Pitcher ."'MuUee
Wilds First base Trtbou
Beckett Secondbase s?ea
McDermott. Third base Klonf
Monahan ......Shortstop zpU
Mueller Loft field "■"Hanlev
Strp l •■ Center flold .'"Buckley
Waldthouse Right field ........^iA-'aunon
The Call and Examiner nines will piav
in the forenoon and a hot contest- is
promised between those crackerjacka.
Tennis.
A new tennis clnb to supply the place of
the Lakeside Club of Oakland, which had
to be disbanded on account of the sale of
the property on which its court« were
loC », te V S fo be formed ana will be knS?n
as the Boulevard Tennis Club A coartVJ
Boulevard Terrace on Twenty-second
WEW TO-DAT.
go««»oo«o©»c«coooo*oo»oo
: perfect Gail Borden |
I infant Eagle Brand:
• f OO4 . Condensed Milk |
"Infant Health," is a little hnnV of •
J S^n^^^^^^tF^on^pu! •
SCi N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. 2
• 71 - Hod Street, Hew York •
•••••••••••••••••••wS
lte#s! MANHOOD BESTOREDS^:
■IK <~; PT WW «v? fit tion 01 a famous French nhysician will oTirti™ >tllepreBcrl
■ \>^> /cA 1 VT rr \T ; vous or diseases of the generative orean. ™'ft? ure 7 on of a " ncr-
IS M\i aA\ Insomtilaj f'alns in the Bilck.SeminaV |m. ',f h^ tost Manh °odi
M \o^% \ *&*? Pimpled, tnntness to Marry, eSw^l n^' 1 " eryox:* DobUlty
£!r DENE strengthens and restores small weak organs, ,*" " a orlue &>
a *-, A written guarantee given and money returned if six Cm doos not 25SS Uon - 500 ° 'estlmonC
box, six fr,rfs.oo, by mail. Sender fker circular and testimCn?a?s? e&ect * P««aanenteur»
Aadre« DAVOI. MEDIOINB CO.. 1170 Market -treet, San Francisco, Cal. Fors^ebT
street, near Webster, has been secured and
Sam P. Hardy has charge of the arrange
ments for the new club. As there is but
one court at the new location secured the
membership of the Boulevard Club will be
limited to tw«*nty-five. Work to put the
court in condition will be commenced
right away.
COURSING.
Good Sport Is Promised at Inarleslde
and Ocean View Parks.
Forty hounds from the best of the local
stock will compete for the prizes at Cae
serly& Kerrigan's Ocean View Coursing
Park to-morrow and good betting should
result from the fact that the drawing is re
markably even.
Several dogs that have not made their
appearance on a coursing field for months
past will ruu. The drawing resulted as
follows: ,
F. C. Randolph's Happy Jack vs. J. Woods'
Mohawk, Valley Kennel's Gold King vs. P.
Kerrigan's Olive, J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy vs.
Laurelwood kennel's E dredge, H. Burns'
Lucky Dog vs. P. Kerrigan's Miss Brummel,
George Dougherty's Georgie Dixon vs. C.
Evans' Mascott, W. H. McComb's Locomotive
vs. T. O'Brien's Lamplighter, P. Toner's Annie
NEW TO-DAT.
m^ Cure
Consumption
and lung trouble*
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec .
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
I Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send FREE, to any
•reader of your paper T^ree Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
7. A.Slocum.M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the l»oct •-■» letter in full for the bene At ot
our readers. There will fie no mistake In sending— Dm
mistake will be In overlooking the generous offer—
GLOOMORJJLORY
Some Choose the Former and Go
Through Life Complaining.
Others Choose the Latter, and Are Full
or. Tim, Vivacity and Manly Visor,
Which Insures Success in Business
and. the Fullest Enjoyment of All
Privileges and Favors Vouchsafed
By Nature.
Some one has said that "man is born cry-
ing, lives complaining, and dies disappoint-
ed." This is true in a great many cases. It .
is true that most of us come into this
world crying, a condition not easily avoid-
ed, but the man who permits himself to go
through life complaining and finally
DIES DISAPPOINTED
has, as a general rule, no one to blame foi
it but himself. He may be silently brood*
ing over some secret trouble that destroys
conjugal love, that tends to separate hus-
band and wife. Or his liver may be torpid
and inactive, which no: infrequently pro-
duces constipation, biliousness, and at times
perhaps a melancholy condition of the
mind. Or be may be dyspeptic, his diges-
tion greatly impaired if not almost entirely
destroyed, as is sometimes so, by chronic
catarrh. . Or a terrible syphilitic disease
may be working its way through bis sys-
tem and into his blood and bones. Or his
eye, ear, head, throat, lungs, heart, blad-
der, kidneys or urinary organs may be in-
juriously aff cted;or some private or sex-
ual disease may Distress or rex him. Be-
cause of these or sinv'lar ailments millions
go ■ through life complaining,' and ulti-
mately die disappointed in reaching that
degree of success and happiness which,
under other conditions of health, they
might have easily attained. T is may be
your own lot. Then why do you continue
to suffer and sink ? If you want to get
well, to enjoy life, to achieve success in the
world, to have your
AMBITION GRATIFIED .
why not go to a specialist whose great rep-
utation is a sufficient guarantee of a prompt
and perfect cure of every case he under-
takes ? One personal visit to his office is
preferred, bnt if you live away from San
Francisco and cannot conveniently call
upon Doctor Sweany, sit down and write
him your troubles in detail. Tell him all
in sacred confidence, and he will not only
qualify you tor the pleasures, duties and
responsibilities of sturdy manhood, but
will give you a new lease on life. To you
ha offers the best, .most scientific, success-
ful treatment. H«» orfers you twenty-fi va
years of experience, a lifetime of study
and research. The Doctor's hours for con-
saltation and treatment are from 9 to 12
A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. If. only. Address
F L SWF AN? M 0 737 Market St..
1. U. UflLttlll, m. U., San Francisco. Cal.
■ 1!* f^C^^^^P^^^f^^^'^f^^^^^^f^f t vJ
*^^Q^^*^^t~*«^^*'-<'- l rX'l^rtl^^BfcJWlrtta||thijtp T 1
MMt^ry (JLJ H
J '96 Model Highest Grade. '%
j*2 Fully guaranteed for one year. H
|\WT. PER WEEK N
p V U PAYMENT VL 40 WEEKS £J
I INDIANA BICYCLE CO. |
f . IB 4 20 MCALLISTER ST.. ."5
fc? Open BTenlng*. San Francisco "'
'V D fi — siiß^t^E rS -I * '*■
p MONARCH ; . L
% nOMßl'fl €Y;LE MMUFAGTOWIG CO., v
m 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. 3?
.*. I HAS. BKOWN & SON, 807 Market, Ag t. #*,
Q C. F. SALOMOX.SON & CO., Twelfth and •*<
I ej>! Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. $vs. J. J. Larkey's Spluaway, J. Sestersan's White
Chief vs. M. easterly's California Violet,
J. Donnelly's! Defender vs. Villa kennel's
Maud G, J. J. Larkey's True Blue vs. J. McDer
motfs Gallons Hill, Laurelwood kennel's Lau
rel Leaf vs. S. Lehmann's Tommy Hall, S. Leh
xnann's Nelly C vs. C. Evans' Dashaway. D.
Birmingham's Butcher Boy vs. J. Kelly's'Ben
delon, M. O'Connor's Oregon Boy vs. J. Men*
man's Forest Queen, G. H. Gates' Nelly G vs. P.
Tippler's Memo Maid, F. Walton's Bobolink vs.
J. Baxter's Yankee Doodle, Villa kennel's Bon
nie Lass vs. C. Anderson's Fairy D, I>. Chillas'
Happy Day vs. T. Neenan's Pop Larkin, B. Leh
mami's Ben Brush vs. P. Kerrigan's George
Miller.
Some good sport is promised at Ingleside
Park to-day. The drawing appeared in
yesterday's Call, and judging from the
dogs that are entered some fast racing will
certainly result. The sport will commence
at 10 A. M. sharp.
■ ■ ♦ '—
ntc.
me nexi outing of the Corkers will be held
>n Sunday, June 14. The management is in
:he hands of the able and popular caterer of
:he. Corkers, Stephen Poggie, which is a sure
juarantee of a successful and pleasant time,
mere will be baseball, football, wrestling by
he heavyweights, running, jumpi«s and
Mher games for prizes. A lug-oi- war between
the married aud single men oi the club will be
the event of the day. Tom Flunerty will
swing the Indian clubs against Pat Grace and
lorn Garrett. A. Deleh&nty and Sam EMridge
will endeavor to break ttie world's record in
beavy hammer throwing.
BOXING AT STOCKTON
A First-Class Evening's Sport at
the Phoenix Athletic Club.
STOCKTON, Cai,., June 4. — The Pbcenix
Athletic Club held its second boxing tourna
ment last night in Aurora Hall, where the
club gymnasium is now located. There was a
Instructor Hopkins and Some of the Cleverest Boxers of the Newly Organized
Phoenix Athletic Club of Stockton.
large delegation from the Stockton Athletic
Association present. Shortly before 9 o'clock
Frank Remf who acted as master of cere
monies and referee, announced the first bout
—a four-round go between Charles Mahin and
Eddie Gans, bantams. Before the men entered
ihe ring a bantam named Billy Degan issued
a challenge to Mahin for a four-round con
test later in the evening, which, was promptly
accepted. ,- . "
Joe Ruiz acted as timekeeper, and at the
call of time Mahin and Gans went at each
other as though they meant business. The
first named had the advantage of height and
reach and except when rushed jabbed Gans as
he pleased. ' Gans played for the body and
sent in some wicked blows, but Mahin did not
seem to mind this and went right alter his
man. A left-hand jab soon brouerht the red j
fluid to Gans' nose, and after that Mahin made
a mark of it, landing repeatedly. In the last !
round Gans rallied and the pace cut by both I
was a hot one. Mahin had much the best ot |
the bout, but it was declared a draw.. I '
The heavy-weight contest slated between ;
Tack Bolton and Gib Hogelman was the next
event announced. Hogelman is a strapping
big fellow and well muscled, but he has more
strength than science. Bolton went after his
m_n from the call of time. He got soma hot
lefts in the face and some rib-warmers from
Hogelman, but these did not seem to distress
him and he continued the aggressor for the
first two rounds, landing some sharp left jolts
on the big man's neck that sent his head well |
back. If Bolton had known how to handle I
himself he could have scored two knock
downs in the second round; as it was, Hogel
man rallied and had all the best of it until the |
last round, when Bolton went after him again
and honors were about even, the smaller man
giving the hardest punishment and making
Hogelman's nose and face look like those of a
painted Indian. The referee declared the con
test a draw.
The best bout of the evening was to follow.
It was between Jimmy Garvin and Chris Sie
iert, feather-weights. It was apparent from
the start that Garvin was the most skillful
boxer and that he was a hard-hitter as well.
. His stockier opponent did not seem able to
find him. and Garvin kept landing a wicked
left that quickly brought blood, and upper
cutting Siefert whenever he rushed, which was
frequently. Garvin did not try to punish his
man very much until the fourth and last
round, when he cut the pace and knocked Sie
fert all around the ring. This round was a
bloody one, and Siefert was repeatedly knocked
ontothe ropes, where Garvin hammered him
with right and left. As with all the contests
of the evening the match was declared a draw.
An exhibition of club-swinging by two young
men, named Ler'ora and Lunoy, followed the
contest between the feather-weights, and then
two more lanky feather-weights, ArtyVande
water and Charles Colberg, tried their skill.
Colberg had all the best of, the contest, which
was without any great Interest.
The next bout gave the spectators something
to keep up their interest, as the contest was be
tween Charles Mahin, who had been chal
lenged earlier in the evening by Billy Degan,
and the challenger. Mahin was tired from his
first four-round go with Eddie Gans, but he
was more than a match for the youngster who
had challenged him. Degan did some clever
ducking In the first two rouuds and avoided
some stiff punches, but in the next two rounds
Mahin found him when he wanted and had
Degan's face covered with blood from the re
peated blows he received on the nose and
mouth. The "pillows" ihe youngsters used
prevented any knock-downs, and this was the
case with all the bouts.
The last four-round go o* the evening was
one between Boxing Instructor Hopkins and
Tommy Freeman, one of his best pupils. Free
man showed marked improvement over his
work in the previous tournament, when ha
was run up against a heavy-weight. He landed
frequently and hard, but Hopkins did as he
pleased with him at times. The evening's en
tertainment concluded with a "battle royal"
In which Charles Kohlberg, Tommy Freeman,
Jack Hopkins and Tommy Garvin participated.
It was a sort of Donnybrook Fair free-for-all
slugging match and caused much laughter,
everybody punching everybody. The affair
was a pronounced success and the young club
Is congratulating itself on tne manner in
which the exhibition seemed to please every
one present
The board of directors of the Stockton
Athletic Association held an important
meeting last night for the purpose of dis
cussing the coming carnival of sports that
is to be held there by' the association on
July 3 and 4. • ,
it was decided to change the plan orig
inally outlined with reference to the box
ing tournament on the night of the 3d of
July. It was at first thought best to have
it strictly an amateur affair, but last night
it was decided that it would be better 10
givenp this idea and have one six-round
and two eight-round professional goes.
- The club will go to work at once and get
some of the best boxers on the coast for
the occasion.
The committee on field day reported that
• it had arranged for twelve events and that
entry blanks had been sent to all the clubs
that were members of the Pacific Athletic
Association. Yesterday Robert Edgren j
was in this City and in conversation with j
the field captain said that he and Wilbur
were training for; the fifty-six pound' I
•weight Edgren said .that if this event
was added to the programme as arranged
that both he and Wilbur would break all I
records with this weight. It was decided
to add this to the regular programme and [
provide another valuable medal for the j
record-breaking. •
Chairman Lyons of the boating and re- |
gatta committee reported that the new j
barge for the Giant crew had been shipped I
j in the afternoon by the maker in the East
and would* be here very soon. The Giants J
will now row in the senior race on the
Fourth of July and a junior crew is now
being selected by the committee.
Captain Arthur Wright of the bicycle
annex asked the directors to consider a
proposal from the Stockton Road Club,
which organization desired to attach itself
to the Athletic Association. It was de
cided to have a committee from the asso
ciation meet with a committee from the
bicycle club to see what arrangements
could be made looking to this end.
The new club has some very speedy rid
ers in it, among them N. Christopherson,
who recently broke the record for tho run
between this City and Lodi, and Crump,
the fast wheelman from the East. The
last named has been keeping quiet as to
what he can do, but has been paced out at
the track at the Grove in about 2:15.
Carl Salbach, Robert Fyfe and George
Schaefer, wno were appointed to draft a
new set cf by-laws for the eun club an
nex, met last night. They will have their
report completed by the 10th inst.
Marysvllle Sporting: Naws.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June s.— The
formation of the Marysville Bicycle Path
Association and the relay races held at
Agricultural Park on Decoration day have
awakened a new interest in bicycling here.
Although there are several hundred wheel
men iv Marysville and the close vicinity,
there has never been but one club, and
that with but a limited membership.
Wheelmen up to the present time seem
to have been satisfied to pedal their ma
chines alone, but now that the pleasures
and advantages of organization are begin
ning to be appreciatedj there is some hope
that Marysville will soon reach a promi-
nent position among the bicycle towns of
the interior.
Ten or twelve years ago, when baseball
was the game, Marysville stood near the
head of the class. The Intrepiils achieved
considerable distinction in those days !?hd
made several trips to San Francisco,
Sacramento and other cities to meet
players who were worthy of their skill.
Baseball is climbing into ponular favor
again, and Marysville is preparing to start
out after a share of the laurels. Several
juvenile clubs are already organized and
playing the season, and an effort is mak
ing to get together in one nine the strong
est men in the county. Everything points
to success, and a bi.sr boom in baseball
may be expected in the very near future.
The su'ecess of the spring race meeting,
held under the auspices of the Marysville
Jockey Club, is encouraging horsemen to
effect a permanent organization and to
lease Agricultural Park. There is quite a
little fund left over from the last meet,
and the proposition to apply it to the pur
pose mentioned seems to be gaining favor.
A. M. Nash.
Portland Sportlngr Notes.
PORTLAND, 0p.., June s.— The new Pa
cific League Wheel Club managers are de
veloping a plan for extending the circuit
and the season so as to include hacra-.
mento, Los Angeles, Oakland and San
Jose, giving the league eieht clubs instead
of four.
Baseball has been handicapped by bad
weather, but is drawing well in the North
west.. ' .".•. .
The record of 74 for bowling in the
American Cocked Hat Association by Dr.
Canthorn oi the Multnomah Club of thiß
city has been broken by N. B. Nelson of
the Seattle Club, who broke the North
wert record for one game by making the
phenomenal score of 83 out oi a possible 9o.
The Zig Zag Cycle Club of Portlandjwill
give its first centnry run Sunday. The
route is along the Willamette Hiver to
Salem and return, with the finish at
Aurora, where the cycling clubs will have
a banquet. There are nearly 100 entries
for the race.
The rowing clubs of Portland will give a
regatta on the Fourth of July. The Cor
bett enp, the handsomest trophy ever
offered for any athletic competition on the
coast, has given a new life to aquatic
sports. Stver, Campbell and Raymond,
who have been smashing world's records
at Coronado Beach, have returned for a
rest up. They will try to get up a pro
fessional meet for June 20.
The advent of professional baseball in
the Northwest has killed the old amateur
league clubs, and most of the old amateurs
have signed with minor league clubs for
the season.
Visalla Sporting News.
YISALIA, Cal., June 4.— Last Sunday
Visalia was defeated by the Lindsay nine
at the town of Lindsay. Score, 28 to 23.
Great Scott, no wonder our boys felt "out
of sight" and hurried home" by the side
streets.
Our bicyclists could not win a prize last
Sunday in the ten-mile handicap, still
they made a showing and expressed them
selves well pleased at Fresno's treatment.
The gun ciub as a team at the inanimate
State shoot at Stockton was a disappoint
ment to Visalians, still the boys were in
every shoot and Beveral of its members
held their own. Carroll.
Cricket at Lakeport.
LAKEPORT, Cal., June 3.— Cricket is now in
full swing here and practicing has begun gen
erally throughout the county. The first match,
between Lakeport and Burns Valley, was
played on the 29th ult., and resulted In a bril
liant victory for the former by 75 runs.
Keeling was in great form with both bat and
ball, carrying his bat through the first innings
for SO and getting all 11 wickets for 7 runs.
Several hundred people watched the frame, in
cluding a number of ladieß. On the sth inst.
the Lakeport Ciub will be opposed by a team
from the Red Hill ranch, and an interesting
game is expected.
Among the outside fixtures for the year the
Burns Valley Club is expecting a visit from
the Pacific Cricket Club, and Lakeport one
from the Citrus Colony Club at Penryn. -Im
mense interest is being shown In the game in
this district and a most successful season is an
ticipated. Fiikd Loking.
Objected to a Chinese.
Michael Nolan, while riding on a MissJon
street car yesterday forenoon, objected to a
Chinaman as a passenger on the car, and when
the conductor refused to throw the Mongolian
ort the car to suit him he smashed one of
Vining's fancy windows in revenge. Nolan
was arrested.
Fall Followed by Death.
A. P. Dennison, aged 72, fell downstairs at
his home, 601 Polk street, yesterday morning,
and died about half an hour later. Dr. Ayres
gave it as his opinion that the deceased did
not die as the result of the fall^but from nat
ural causes.
Fearless and free— the Star, Five cents. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
MANY CLOSE FINISHES,
The Judges Kept Busy Separating
Horses That Finished
Heads Apart.
FOUR FAVORITES WIN FUESES.
Eayard Out of tbe Maiden Class-
Thelma Downed Ruinaj-t— Summer
Time in Good Form.
On the face of it the card furnished at
Ingleside track yesterday looked a good
one, and the result was not disappointing,
as the sport was characterized by wel/
fought contests and sharp, exciting fin
ishes. If "ladies' day" may be excepted,
the attendance was the largest of the
week, and this on an "oft" day.
The first-choices more than held their
own, taking into camp four of the seven
events run. One or two good things "shot
the chutes," and it is more than likely
their respective stables knew there was
going to be a parachute drop.
Lacking, possibly, the class, the finish to
the third race, a six-furlong spin with a
field of eight going to the post, fairly
rivaled the Sir Walter-Clifford finish to
the Brooklyn handicap. Schnitz, with the
"barrier champion," Shields, up, closed a
slight choice over Olive, the majority of
the books holding him at 2 to 1.
He and his rider met with hard luck
from the outset and were never in the
hunt. Locking horns below the paddock,
Belle Boyd, Oregon Eclipse, Sea Spray
and Olive passed the wire short heads
apart in the order named, the daughter of
El Rio Rey next the rail, pulling the race
out of the coals through sheer gameness.
Eight to one was offered against the win
ner at post time.
Another very pretty finish was that at
the conclusion of the seven-furlong run,
which went to the credit of Thelma, many
think, through superior riding on the part
of her jockey. The brown mare starting
at odds of" 8 to 5, equal favorite with
Nebuchadnezzar, cutout the running from
the start, ana in a hard drive passed the
wire winner by a short neck over the tHird
choice, Ruinart, who carried 111 pounds
and was conceding the winner a big puil
in weights. The time, 1:28J4, marks a
very fast performance.
Claude Burlingame took down the purse
in the opening six-furlong run for non
winners this year with the 5 to 1 shot Free
Will. Always well in front, he drew away
in the stretch and won easily by four
lengths in 1:16Jl>- The 10 to 1 shot, Ten
nessee Maid, took the place from the sec
ond choice, Flammifer, by half a length.
The 2% to 1 favorite, JNabopolassar, ran
disappointingly.
Bayard, a son of Buckmaster, carried off
the two-year-old purse at four and a half
furlongs, making all the running and win
ning, ridden out, three-parts of a length in
advance of Lady Hurst, a 20 to 1 outsider.
The winner, who carries the Spreckels col
ors, was backed down from 6 to sto 9 to
10. Modestia, the second choice, showed
speed early in the running, but died away
nearinec the finish.
With but ninety-two pounds to pack,
the mile and a sixteenth run looked a gift
for Senator Bland, and the ring took no
liberties with the Montana horse, holding
him at even money. H. Brown sent him
out in the Ijead frbni the jump, ansJ, never
hard pressed, led Articus, a 20 to 1 chance,
out a length and a half at the finish in
1:50. The second choice, Paros, never cut
much of a figure in the running, bringing
up at the tail end.
After leading the other fifteen starterß in
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record st the distance to be run the records at the next neareit
distance are given.
Aobreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., fnrlong: », about.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ninety-second day. Friday, June 5, i 896. Wecther fine
Track good.
the five and a half forlong dash that fol
lowed to within fifty yards of the finish,
the 5 to 2 favorite, Venus, was passed by
both Jerome S and Arno, the trio passing
the judges heads apart. Jerome S, who
was ridden by Coady, was as good as 8 to 1
in the betting.
The speedy Summer Time met some
pretty fair company in the last race of the
day at six furlongs, but this did not deter
the stable from betting a big lump on her
chances. The books chalked up 7 to 5
against the mare, and a tornado could not
have swept away the price much quicker.
Down to 3 to sin a short space, her odds
went back to 9 to ]0, while the Horses were
at the post, from the force of a stiff play
on Joe' Terry. The running to the stretch
was cut out by^-Walter J and Peixotto,
with the favorite lying third.
When straightened away, Summer Time
took command and won handily by a
length from Peixotto, with Heartsease in
the show.
OVER THE CUP DISTANCE.
Fine Field of Starters Jn the Long-
Distance Event To-Day.
Ingleside track has a race attraction in
A FAST PACE
'. A. JL !-;' & JL A ffki 9■ m. JL JL. SL. JL^^
In youth or early manhood means the premature collapse of the
vital powers at forty-five or fifty. Thousands of premature
graves are filled by men who wasted their youthful energy by
fast living and excesses. . ■ " -',
; Vital force is a precious element when you have lost it.
Priceless in its value, yet it can be purchased.
Nature has been good enough to produce the element ;. of
! nerve power in ; Electricity. Dr. ; Sanden's Electric Belt will
charge the weakened functions with animal magnetism. It will
infuse new life into the nerves and organs that are weak. i
A neat little book, "Three Classes of Men," is very instruc-
tive to men who would be examples of perfect manhood. It can
be had free. Call and test the Belt or send for Book.
S^^.3NTX>X3X>ar ELECTRIC : CO., '• . .
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. H. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
B, . '' — — - OPFIOES AT- — - ' .-' " ; • '
LOS ANGELES, Ca'x* I I PORTLAND, OR. '
**U4 (south Broadway. 1 253 Washington streeC
«
the great two and a quarter mile race,
among the starters being the crack three
year-old Rey del Bandidos, J. Weber's
Little Cripple and imp. FuJlerton Lass,
who made such a fine showing in the Fare
well handicap decided at the Bay District
track. An owners' handicap at seven fur
longs, with a field of record-breakers start
ing, and five other well-filled events serve
to make up a card that snould furnish a
grand afternoon's sport.
After carefully weighing the facts of the
case over the stewards decided yesterday
that W. L. Stanneld was guiltless of any
crookedness in connection with tbe Miss
Gentry race of Thursday, and the entries
of the Texan horseman* will again be re
ceived.
Marionette ran away with H. Martin on
the way to the post iii the opening race,
ruining her chances.
Shields appears to be experiencing a run
of hard luck. For a jockey that has seen
so much service in the saddle, his ride on
Schnitz would indicate that he must be on
the decline. A stable-boy could not have
done worse.
Beauchamp's ride on Belle Boyd would
indicate that he is by no means the poorest
rider in the world. It would have done
credit to a much older knight of the pig
skin. It was not the only good exhibition
this young man has furnished, cor was his
piloting of Quantrell the only poor one he
has given. If he will forsake some of his
"bush" tactics the young lad has a bright
future before him, for he is cool and a
vigorous finisher for the experience he has
had.
Olive looked all over a winner down the
stretch, but Si McClaw seemed to go to
pieces, and she was just beaten out for the
show.
Joe Piggott apologized to the judges
yesterday for his unsolicited criticisms of
their ability, and it is possible they may
allow him to ride to-day.
Lady Huist appeared more level-headed
in the race yesterday, and had the favorite,
Bayard, extended at the end.
Ed Purser bet a chunk of coin on Joe
Terry while the field was going to the post.
He got in motion slowly, but made up a
vast amount of ground during the last part
of the running.
Toano must have lost his speed, for he
did not scare up enough in the last race to
beat a "yaller" dog.
DID NOT SEE OUR FLAG.
Banker Hutchinson of Chicago
and His Tour of the
World.
Wants Discrimination for. American
Bottoms— Collecting for Chicago's
University.
C. L. Hutchinson, president of the Corn
Exchange Bank, Chicago, and director of
the University of Cnicago, founded by
John D. Rockefeller, the oil king, is at
tbe Palace.
He is a son of Hutchinson, the great
speculator on the Chicago board, who re
cently died.
Mr. Hutchinson left this country for
Europe in November, and has now com
pleted a tour of the world. He arrived on
the Peru yesterday.
The banker and university director is a
keen observer, and has during his absence
collected a great deal of information in
reeard to American shipping. He says
what astonished him was the absence of
the American flag in the ports of the world.
England, he says; has her ships every
where. No other nation can be compared to
her. Everywhere he went he saw the Eng
lish flag, but the American flag was not in
evidence. In a tour of many thousands of
miles he saw no American Hag, except in
one port on a schooner.
"Congress should speedily pass the law,"
he said, "discriminating in favor of goods
that are brought in American bottoms. By
such a course American shipping would
be encouraged. We would in a short time
have a great many more freightships and
they would do a profitable business.
"At the same time foreign ships would
speedily do a great deal less business and
would be forced gradually to withdraw
from the carrying trade here.
"This would be a good thing for us and
would help us to speedily get a merchant
marine that would do us credit. Other
laws could follow to enable the country to
permanently help the shipping."
Mr. Hutchinsou spent a good deal of
time in Japan. He was much impressed
with the opportunities for building up
trade with .that country. As director of
the Chicago University he collected many
things for its museum and gathered in
formation, which he thinks will be valu
able for the university.
Big Opium Importation.
The largest single importation of opium,
322 cases, during the current year came in by
the steamer Peru yesterday. The opium aver
ages 41U pounds to the case, the whole weigh
ing 13,303 pounds. The duty on this is $80,
-178. The total imports this- year foots up 50,
-000 rounds, on which the duty collected was
$300,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
610 REDUCTION 1 RATES BY RAIL
SUNDAY... .....1..... JUNE 7,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter. .
Leave from a P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. ir.
0 C fl fl~ Includin 8 Berth in Pullman Tour*
wOilfU ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In fll'l A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. uDXU— .
SPECIAL NOTICE. •
This train will. not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
JpCT" Through. Tickets for Fillet Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Rate*.
For further information anply at .
613 MARKET STRKKT (Grand Hotel
- Ticket Office), San Francisco.
BICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
\ NOI'THE3.I PACIFIC COMPAXT, •
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave »ml tire line to Arrive at
SAN FUANCINt'O.
leave ■' . — From May 3, ISSG. — akriv *
•6:0Oa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . j Hj4sa
7:OOa Atlantic Exprcta, Os«len and Kast.. 8:43p
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Rurcscy. Sacra-
' men to, and Bedding via Davis .... 0: 1 5 p
7:06 a Martinez, San Kamon, Kapa, Caiia.
tcga and Santa Rosa 6:15?
■:36a Niles, Ban Jose, (Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvllle, lied JJluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... 4s 1 5 p
•8:30 a Peters aud Milton '"slap
9:00 a Los Angeles Eipress. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:-tSp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:1.1 a
»:00a Vallejo 6:15p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:45 a.
•l:OOp Sacramento River Ste:<im-rs "9:00?
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations \"S'.iSr
4:00p Martinez, San Ilamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, YA Verano and
Him a Rosn V: ISA
«:••* Benicia, VacavUie, Woodland,
Kniglits Landing, Marysvillo,
< >rovillo and Sacramento 10:4^*
4jb«p Niles, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton 7:13*
4:30p Merced, Bcreada, Raymond (for
■_' Yosemite) and Fresno 1 L:4JU
5:»Op jSiow Orleans Jixprer,9,Kresiio,Baber3- ;
Ji. ileld, Santa Barbara, lam Angeles, ' • '
i_j Doming, El Paso, Now Orleans and '
East 10:13*1
S:OOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express.
for Mojavo ami East 10:13 a
5:«0p. Vallejo H:lsa
6:(Mti" Kuropeiiu Mail, OgOen and East..., 0:43 a.
«J:OOi>llny\ViU(lf, NUeSand Han Jose 7:45 a
J7:ooi- Vallejo : 17:43p
7:UOr Oregon Kxprcss, Sacramento, Mar-,s-
vi!k\ Betiding, Portland, l'tigut - -
Sound and East 10:85 a
" SAS'I'A MM)/ DtVI-lON Oi>.rr<m^auire).
17:45 a Santa Crust Excursion, Santa Cruz '
and Principal Way Stations JB:»3rj
• :15a Neirark.G'enten ill..\K;iii Jose.Felton, •■,■■!
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way • i
Stations  ' 3tS«p ;
* 2:13? Newark, Cenferville, San Jose, New
Almadc;), Felton, Ronktar Creek
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ' : i.i
Stations "11:20 a.
4:15p Newark. .San Joso and Los C.'atoa 9:.Ta
COAST DIVISION (Hi m) A lowiiscihl St*.)
*6:45 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •Ix43p>
J7s3oa Sunday . Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations :33»i
. 1:13 a San Jose, Tres Finos, Kauta Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
. ' cipal Way Stations 7:03y,
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ U:4sr<
lOi4Oa San Josoand Way Stations 3:00p
I 1 :43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations a:3op
*2:30p San Jose, Gilrny, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
. drove *Ioj4©A
*3::iOpSauJoseandPriucipal Way Stations - U:l7a.
•4«3opSan Jose and Way Ktati0u5......... »8:00 a
5:30p San Joso and Woy Stations "8:48*
, 0:30p San Joso and Way Stations U:3sa.
fll:4.>p San Jose and Way Stations t?:l3t»
* SAN LfcIASDBO AX» HATtWAKUS LW:.\L"
1»6:00a1 ( 7:1 5a
8:0« a tS:ISA
,S:BSt Melr««, Seminary ***> iSUSi
%\™r Fitebb n rg,SaaL«iidr. **«*
4:00p <• aad - 5:55p
5:00p n.,.. r j. O:13p
slaot Haywaro. 7 . 45p
7:« Or R:4Sp
: OO p . Buns throngb to Nilei. 9:13p
U-OOr * Euna torougb to Nilei. 10.50p
ftllilSpJ « From Niles. I ttl3:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom FRiSCISCO— «f Market Street (Slip 8)— W 5."
•7:15. 9:00 ll:00i.M. }l:30 *3:00 {3:09
•4:03 - . 13:00 •6:00 p.m. }
FromOAIUHD — Foot of Broad wit.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 »1:CO— «:00 *3:00 14:00
*S:QOr.M. :•■•■. ■ ■•-■■■■..-■■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
It Monday. Thursday awl Saturday nizhts only.
SMFRIMSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
TiburoU Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Ektra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac 1-50
and 11:30 p. m. -■. wa^-miuytfU jaafei-;
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.: 1:30, 3:3
6 :00, 6 :20 P. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:16, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 A it •
12:46, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY S— 7:3S, 9:30, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:4OL
6:00, 6:25 p. H.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. ■«•"«•
Ban Leave In effort San Arrive '
San Francigcft ect gan Franclsca
i^l^,iJ^,^..|Wm-,
Days. | pays. "ei»nm'oii- DAYS j Day^
7:30 am 7:30 ami Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 ak
3:30pm;9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ah
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic "
Fulton, . ,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ax
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 p»t
Pieta, ~~~
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 am TJkiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
7:30 ax ~~ \ ~ ■■ - 10:10 aic
7:30 am , Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm \_ 6:15 PK
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma. 10:40 am; 8:40 ax
6:10 pm 5:00 and A 6:05 pm 6:15 px
: Glen Etlen. ••
7:3oaml7:SOam| sebagfono, 110:40 am 1 10:10 ax
3:30 1 5 :00 | seDa3topoL I 6:05 pm[ 6:15 pk
Bta(?ea connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
1 Springs, KPlseyville, Soda Bay and .uakeport; ac
Hopland - for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
UJciab for Vichy Borings, Saratoga Springs. Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, San.
hedrin Heights, Hullville, -Booneville. Green
wood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Canto, Covelo,
X-aytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
ratis. ■',-■ •:•-.. . , .■: i ,-,..,
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* bo-
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices', 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
. H. C. WHITING, R. X. BY AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
■ Atlantic *^jjj|ft
Trains leave from and arrive W^^SfftJßßS jB
at Market-Street Ferry. ItStSsiKroVJTIJI
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tot
""£ Safe ROTTTE EXCPR.
BIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
I through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
! New' rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
! and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
I Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
, : . ■ • Chrouicle Ballding*
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saus'alito Ferry),
From Ban Francisco, commencing March 29, 1888.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8:00
*9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. M.: »1:45, 3:iO, 4:15,
6:16, »«:00. ti:3sp. M.
Extra trips for San Kafnel on Mondays, W«dna»
Hays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ■
For Mill Valley and U&u Itafael-*8:OO, *9:00,
■i •10:00,11:30 a. m.;**l^.Bj. *1 :30, *2:16, *4:0&
6:30, 6:46, 8:30 p. x. Extra trip to Sanaa! Uo a*
11:00 a.' m.
Trains marked • run to Saa Qnentln. M iasBf
T.u. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:46 r. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way station, ■ '
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*. "
ttOO a. m, Sunday s-Poim Reyes us way station*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat futures firmer.
Large stock of Barley.
Oats, Corn and Bye dull.
Hay and FeedstujTs unchanged.
Enormous stocks of Beans indicated.
Potatoes firmer and Onions weaker.
j Vegetables about the same.
. Butter steady. Cheese weak.
Choice Eg^s firm; cheap grades weak.
Poultry not materially changed.
Fruit continues to sell welL
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Hams lower.
Fourteen Failures last ween.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 14
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
lor the week ending yesterday as compared with 12
for the previous week and 14 for the corresponding
weeK of 1895. The failures for the past wee* are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 hides. 1
jeweler, 1 Hardware, 2 dry goods, 1 tailor, 2 mil
linery. 1 builder, 1 savings bank, 1 notions, 1
liquor, 1 grocer, 1 general store.
STOCKS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Regular Semi-Annual Estimate of the
Produce Exchange.
Following Is the regular semi-annual statement
of the San Francisco Produce Exchange of the
stock of Flour and Grain on hand in the State
June 1:
Explanation.
Tne arrow flies with th* wind. The top figures
M station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays; thote underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, ot melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llßis, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
la usually ac-oniuanied by fair weaiher: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accornptinied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows' 1 usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wlih a "liigh" in ; he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weaiher may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
. WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Weather Bctrkau, San Francisco, June
5, 1896.6 f. H.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka &2.12,1a5t season 46.33* Red Bluff 22.43.
last seasou 29.71: San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
ObJspo 17.70, last season 26.04; Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
12.-20; Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
Tlie following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 60. Red Blnff 78, San Francisco fO.
Fresno 82, San Luis Obispo 72, Los Angeles 72,
San iMego 68, Yuma H6.
sun Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum . 2, mean 56.
The pressure is highest this evening on the Ore
gon and the extreme North m California coast
mid- lowest in Montanaand Arizona. The pressure
it Inrreasing rapidly throughout Oregon and
diminishing along the Mexican border. These
condi:lons are favorable for clear skies, warmer
weaiher and brisk to high north winds in the inte
rior of Cal: forma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
end.nu midnight, June 6, 1896.
Northern California— Fair; warmer in the Sac
ramento Valley aturday; brisk to high north
wind; still warmer Sunday.
southern California— Fair; warmer Saturday and
Sunda ■ ; brisk northerly *inds.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhfcELUCK & CO.,
■4 Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
IJWHt; BRANCH OFFICE 'tjaWMJt
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. S. PI'KUT, Manager. ;
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s: F.
"•IUCAGtt PRIVATE WIRE. .NEW YORK,
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair, warmer Saturday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday: fair,
warmer Sunday: brisk to high westerly winds.
W. H. II amhov, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 5.— A better tone
prevailed at the Stock Exchange to-day, and there
was a general advance in prices, due principally, It
should be added, to covering of short | contracts.
This change of front on the part of the room
traders can be traced to the growing impression
that the St. Louis convention will adopt the
regular Republican currency plank, the possi
bility of an early adjournment of Con cress, a belter
that the House 'will kill the Butler bond bill and
the absence of gold engagements for shipment to
Europe to-morrow. According to authorities, J.
Pierpont Morgan has placed round amounts of
securities abroad, and there will be a sufficient
volume of exchange to attend to the remitters for
a little time to come. This, of course, means the
cessation of gold exports.
• A recovery in the price of wheat and the favor
able report of the Chlcago.and Northwestern road.
just issued, exerted a favorable Influence on the
shares of the Western roads ana neutralized the
moderate selling 01 St. Paul by London. Some
wide changes were reported in the leading issues.
Manhattan rose from 103 to 10534 on the nego
tions now progressing with th« Rapid Transit
Commissioners. Tobacco was irregular but In the
main firm at 63% 'to 6514. Sugar was stronger
on the improvement in the market for railways,
and late in the day there was extensive covering
and the stock rose 2»/ s 10 124%. '
Lackawanua jumped 3 per cent to 166. Jersey
Central, Delaware ■ and Hudson were also very
strong. Bay State Gas rose 1% to 29%, and later
dropped 2i/g to 27%. Speculation closed firm in
tone. Net changes also advanced 14 to 2% per
cent. Manhattan, Sugar and the coalers leading.
Reading lost 1.4 per cent. Total sales 112,200
shares.
Bonds were generally lower. The sales footed
up $810,000. Oregon Improvement first preferred
fell 1 to 81. Louisville. New Albany and Chicago
general rives. 3 to 69: Oregon Siiorf Line consol
fives certificates, y a to 65%: Pittsburg and West
ern fours, %to 751/4; Missouri Pacific fours, Ito
103.
In Government bonds $7600 coupon fours of
1925 sola at 116%.
Grain.
FLOUR— easy, unchanged; Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 70; do fair to fancy, $2 40; do pat
ents, $3 70: Minnesota clear, $2 45; do straits,
$2 95: do patents, $3 45: low extras. $1 70: city
mills, $4 05: do patents. $4 20: rye mixture. $2 50;
superfine, $1 95; fine, $1 70. Soutuern flour, dull,
easy ; common to fair extra, $2 20; good do, $- 80:
Rye flour, dull, steady: $2 40.
CORN MEAL— Unchanged, steady: yellow West
ern, fa 06: Brandvwine, $2 15. .. J
RYE— Unchanged; Western, 39%@40c: State,
44% c.
BARLEY— Unchanged: ungraded Western, 38
@41c
" BARLEY MALT— Unchanged ;Weslern.4B@s3c.
WHEAT— DuII, stronger; f. o. b., 7iy 8 c to ar
rive; ungraded red,66@7t>c; No. 1 Nortneru.69%c.
Options were active a d irregular, closing strong
at 1%@1%C advance on bad crop reports, bullish
I cables, lii:?n West and free local covering, Sep-
I tember and July most active. So. 2 red, June,
66i/oc: July, 6tjSg ; September. 65% c; Decem
ber.'673/ic.
CORN— Dull, firm; No. 2, 33y c, elevator; 34y 2 c
afloat.
Options were dull, weak, at unchanged prices 10
VBcV 8 c decline, with trading on local, September and
July most active. June, bS%c; July, 34y,c; Au
gust, Abe; September. 35 % c.
OATS— Spot, less active, steady.
Options dull, unchanged. June, 23c; July, 2314 c.
Spot prices: No. a, 3. :! 4 @^3c; No. 2 white, 25c:
No. 2 Chicago, 23>.4@24c: No. 3, 22Vic: No 3
white, 23@23%c: mixed Western, 23^24c; No.
3 white Western and white ~tate, 24y 2 @2Bc.
FEED BRAN -Unchanged. 55(ai60c
MlDDLl.NGtj— Unchanged, 60(g, : 66c.
KYE— Unchanged: feeu.eOc .■:•-?.:
Provisions.
BEEF— Steady; family $8 60@9: extra mess,
56@7: beef hams, nominal, $14 60: Merced beef,
! quiet; < lty extra India mess, $11@:2; cut meats,
I dull, weak: pickled nellies, 12 pounds, 4c; do
shoulders. 41 .^c: do hams, 9@9%c.
LARD— Quiet, stronger; .Western steam, $4 45;
I city, $4 0-jic.i 10; July, $1 60. Refined firmer;
continent, $4 75; South American, $5 15; com
pound. 4@4%c. v . ; ;- ■''
PORK-Active, stronger; old mess, $8 26@8 75;
new mess, $9(g;9 50.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fairly active; (state
dairy, 10<S15c; do creamery, ll@lsy 8 c: Western
dairy, 9@llc; do creamery, 11%(515%c; do
: factory, 8(allc; Elgins. 15% c; imitation
' creamery, l(i@l2c.
CHEESE— Moderate demand; State -large, !
; new, 5i/ 2 @6%c; do small, new, 4@7c; part skim, I
2@4y 3 c: full skims, li2@2c.
KGUS— Fancy, fair demand; State and Pennsyl
vania, 13c: Western fresh, ll%@H!%c; do per
case, $2 10@3.
TAL.I-OW— Quiet, firm; city. 31/4 C: country,
B@3yB @3y 4 c
COTTONSEED OlL— Firmer, more active;
crude, 19©20 c; yellow' prime, 26c; off grades,
24%@V5c.
lir.tjlN— Dull, easy; strained, common to good,
$1 75.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, easy; 25%@26c.
POTATOES— FairIy active; Southern, $1
ft- 3 60. ...
" rick— Steady, quiet: Domestic fair to extra,
S@ss,ic; Japan, 4g4iAc
MOLASSES — quiet; New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 5 points up;
July, $11 45: August. $10 90@10 95: September,
$10 60@$10 55; October. $10 Jo@lo 30; Decem
ber. $10 10; May. $9 80&9 86; Spot Rio,
dull, stead; ; No. 7. 1314 c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady.; fair refining, SVic;
centrifugals. 8b lest, 3%c: refined, steady:
mold A, 614 c; standard A. sc: confectioners' A,
8 c; cut loaf ana crushed, 5%c; powdered, 6
l-16c; granulated, sc; cubes, 51/4 C.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— B%@loc.
PKACHKS-Peeled, *"tt>, 12®13c; do nnpeelea,
6%(SBc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4c.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3(&;syic;
do three-crowu, 4@4i4c: do four-crown, 4i/>fissc:
do London layers. 9Uc(<ssl.
HOPs — .Steady; State common to choice, 2i',<a
8c: Pacific Coast. 2%@2%c
WOOL— Unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American
*10 75(aii
COPPER-Unchanged; lake, $11 40@ll 50.
LEAD— domestic $3@3 02%.
TIN-Quiet: straits, $13 35@13 46.
PLATES-Quiet. . .
BPKLI'EK-Firmer: domestic, »410.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, June s.— To-day's wheat mar
ket was essentially governed by State crop reports.
Missouri, Ohio and Indiana— the last-mentioned
showing a falling off of 20 points since the Ist of
May— widely discussed, and their effect was
seen in the strength of prices. Michigan was said
to be low. but nothing authentic regarding It was
known. At the start the market was firm, and
during the first half hour a sharp bulge of lc took
place, all of which was not at the time sustained.
Short 3 were notable buyers this morning, and the
bulls gave evidence of renewed courage. Liver
pool cables were firm, and %@ld higher.
Receipts at Chicago were 19 cars and 31,540
bushels were ta«en from store. Northwestern ar
rivals were 476 cars.'against 377 last Friday and
245 a year ago. The strength of Paris cables,
which quoted 16 to 35 centimes advance, caused
later firmness In the market. Berlin closed un
changed to 14 mark higher. Antwerp was un
changed. Bxpo/t clearances were light at 172,334
bushels. The St. Louis Modern Miller contributed
to the bull sentiment by estimating the Kansas
crop al 35,000,0 bushels. July wheat opened
from r>sy s c to 583/ B e, advanced to 69% c, closing
at 593/ B e. 13,4 c higher than yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow. 25 cars. —
CORN— lmproved slightly early by virtue of the
bulge which took place in wheat. There was. nev
ertheless, an apparent lack of confidence in tne
market, the inclination, being rather to decline!
Business was moderately good, but the threadbare
complaint of no outside trade was still vo'ced on
all sides. Receiots were 422. cars, and 290,631
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cable*
were firm and Vid higher. Export . clearances
were 17,858 bushels. A moderate recession in
wheat was followed by an easing off in corn. July
corn opened at 283/ B e. sold between 28c and 283/ 8
®'-'Bi/2C, closing at 28%@28i/4c yßcy 8 c under yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 500 cars.
OATS— Were about stead . . . They showed a lag
gard disposition when wheat whs advancing, the
talent feeling anything but bullish on the outcome
of this grain. Shorts covered moderately, the de
mand from that contingent being quite the best
noted. Receipts were 339 cars and 145,409 bush
els. Export clearances were 186,851 bushels.
July oats closed a shade lo*-er. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 3f>o cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 79% c; June, 80c bid;
July, 80c nominal; September. 81'@81%c Re
ceipts were 14 cars.
PROVISIONS— The strength of wheat helped
provisions materially. The effect of a better hog
market was also noticeable. The belief that the
heaviest professional has abandoned the short
side of provisions for the present has influenced
the sentiment considerably, and in part explains
the steadiness lately prevailing July pork closed
15@17y 3 c higher thmi yesterday, July lard 10c
higher. July ribs 10@12y 3 c higher.
HITTER— The butter market was firm forfancy
makes, and steady for others to-day. Receipts
were moderate and the demand good. Prices were
unchanged. . ; . • • ' •.■
EGGS— Were steady. ' There was a fair demand,
while offerings were moderate. Fresh stock, lOfti
10V 2 c * dozen. • . . .
MONEY— Was 6% on call and tsr<s7% on tims
loans. New York exchange sold at 90c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— June, /8 c; July, 693/gc; 5 Septem
ber, 601/4 C. .
CORN— June 27% c; July, 29ys@'OVic; Sep- '!
tember, 89y4@295/gc. . - \ • r
OATS— JuIy, 17% c; September, 1814 c; May
21C. '- ' ':■■ ' ■ ■:'• : .'•' '
PORK— July, $7 26: September, $7 40.
LARD— July, *4 30; September, *4 46.
BIBS— July, *3 92V2: September, $4 07%. '
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111,. June s.— Arrivals
of cattle were light, but the demand was slow and
prices were '. no more than steady. Offerings of
hogs were light and an advance of s@loc in prices
took place. : The demand was j,ood. i Sheep were
steady. . The receipts were liberal and the buying
rather slow. vifiHiftt H""Mljjiii'i 1 irirgpOTn ,\\ iiijWiriHtiHn 11
CATTLK — Receipts. 3500. Fancy beeves,
$4 20@4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
...... ,-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
steers. $8 95® 1 10: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 90(34 00: medium steers. 1000
to } 6(X> pounds, $.i 50r«3 65; common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 30®3 45: ■ feeders. !
800 to 1200 pounds. S3 55@3 90; cows and heifers,
extra. $3 25@3 75: cows, fair to choice. 92 -JO®
3 10: cows, common to fair, $1 60@2 10: Texas
grass steers, $2 -IO(&3 10: I>xas ted steers. $2 90
@3 80: Texas cows and bulls. $2 10@3 00; milkers
ana springers, pel head, $^0®35; common to
choice stocKers. $2 80@3 5O: bulls, cnoice to extra.
$2 So@3 00: bulls, poor to cnoice. $2 00® 'J 75:
calves. ' good : to choice. $4 60®5 20; calves,
common to mod. $3 25M4 t> .'.
HUGS— Receipts, 17,0011. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 05«3 12%: common to choice
mixed. S3 00(a.3 40; choice assorted. *3 40®
345: light, 20©3 45; pies, $3 60@4 26.
SHEEP— Receipts. 11.000. Interior 10 cnoice,
*3 OOitj.4 40; lambs, $3 60»6 35.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, lr,L., June s.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Black Tartarian
cherries, 80c@$l SO per box; black Blgarreau,
90c@$l 25.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California cherries as follows: Oxhearts,
$1 15@1 40; Governor Wood, $I@l 25; Tartarians,
60c@l 16: Rockports, $1; Bigarreaus, 95c; as
sorted, BU@9sc.
BOSTON, Mass., June s.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California cherries ,
as follows: Rockports, *2 10; Tnrtarians, $1 55® '
65; Bigarreaus, $1 45: Governor Wood, $1 40.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 5.— G. Dun A Co.
In their weekly review of trade to-morrow will say :
Failures for the week were 234 in the United
States against 195 last year, and 29 in Canada
against 25 last year. It is highly suggestive that,
with as little help as there is now from new busi
ness, markets are so nearly maintained. The
opinion gains ground that more new business is to
be expected after the conventions have been held
and the safety and sufficiency of crops have been
assured.
The decline In wheat and cotton has helped mar
keting the surplus, so that exports have been more
liberal. Estimates entitled to most confidence
point to a probable yield of 500,000,000 bushels of
wheat, which, with the stock carried over, will
clear any danger of oppressive charges for bread
stuffs, at the same time giving producers a fair re
turn.
Estimates of cotton acreaee by the best authori
ties Indicate a crop of 1 0,000.000 bales. The
movement of cattle at the West Is very heavy— at
Chicago 10 perceut greater than last year thus
far; and lard makes a new low record, with
numerous stocks accumulated. Even fair crops
will mean belter business for railroads, which re
port earnings lor May thus far only 2.6 per cent
more than last year.
The boot and shoe industry -is still the most
active. he hardest problem of the day is whe.ber
Iron and steel prices can be maintained as they
have during the past week. The nail associations
have failed thus far to win over competitors who
undersell them and are able to manufacture
75,000 kens against every 100,000 by concerns in
tne combination. Ihe bar association asks for
iron more than the selling price of steei bars.
Open hearth billets are more : freely sold at
Pittsburg below the price asked for bessemer, and
middlemen are stilt selling bessemer billets about ;
$1 below the price nxed by the. pool. Naturally
the doubt regarding maintenance of prices greatly
checks the demand for the present, but belief that
a much larger demand Is certain and will not long
be delayed is the one thing which prevents con
siderable decline. <
The textile manufacturers are halting with some
co ton goods reduced still further in prices and
ginghams to the lowest point ever known, while
no increase appears In th* demand. Sales of wo
still fall below half the quantity required for full
consumption, and prices have further declined.
BANK. CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, 9. V., June 6.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
June 4, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. . Inc.. Dec.
New York $5H8,f)25,1ti0 13.7
Boston 83.8H4.697 14.4
Chicago... 95,975,111 11.4
Philadelphia ...;... 63.811,251 ...... 17.1
St. Louis 18,509,688 ...... 30.1
Pittsburg.. 14,223,06t> 5.3
Cincinnati 10,773,550 : 25.6
Baltimore i 15,621,631 6.6
San Francisco 18,146,^63 13.5
Kansas City 9,037,907 ...... 24.9
New 0r1ean5............ 6,70t),598 ...... 21.3
Louisville 5,403,179 30.4
Detroit. 5.740,415 ...... 16.2
Minneapolis 0 944,343 2.2
Cleveland 6,480,046 14.6
Providence : 6,100,300 ...... 12.0
Milwaukee 4.516.909 8.7 I
lndlanaDolls.."... 3,M»,774 21.4 !
Buffalo. 4,491,792 9 6 I
St. Paul.... 4,-03,774 16.9
Omaha 4.130.941 14.4 ......
Denver _ 1,901,516 ...... 44.2
Sail Lake 1,367,862 ...... 8.0
Los Angeles 1,023,193 2.Q
Portland. 0r............ 787,710 47.3
Tacoma.. '636,674 9.7 !
Seattle...... 498,287 13.0
Spokane 482.690 3.8
Totals U. 8 $967,548,078 14.6
Outside of New York
City 429,022,918 15.3
" DOMINION OF CAN A Da.
, Totals $21,994,762 3.2
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
■ 'J k . '•''; Share*.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%; last loan at 2%
and dosing offered at '2%. Prime mercantile paper,
4%@5J|J. . Bar silver, 68f> 8 c Mexican dollars,
63V3C Sterling Exchange Is steady, with . actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 871/4(34 87%
for sixty days and $4 BbV4@4 88y a for demand.
Posted rates, $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 86 i/i (s*4 863,4. Government bonds have been
higher; state bonds dull; railroad bonds Irregular.
Silver at the board was easier.
exosme stocks.
Am Tel <t Cable.... 93 Norfolk <ft Westrn. 484
Atchison 14% Preferred. loy
Preferred •' '-1% Northern Pacific. 43/ 4
Adams Express — 148 Preferred 15 :l /4
Alton, Terre Haute 67 Northwestern. .....losVi
American Expresslli Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 64% N. Y. Central 98%
Preferred ....97 N.Y.,Chicago<fcsL. 12
Bay State Gas 27% Ist preferred '70
Baltimore* Ohio.. 17% 2d preferred 81
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y. &N, H. 176
bnSalo, Roch &P. 19 N. Y. & New Eng. 40%
Canada Pacific . . . . 62 Vi N. V.. Susq & W. . . y a
Canada Southern.. 60% Preferred......... 24
Canton Land,. 60 7 /g|Ontarlo 12
Central Pbci tic 14 Ontario & Western 14%
Cues. it Ohio — ... ±5% Oregon Improvmut 1
Chicago Alton 157 V 3 | Preferred —
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. A Q.. .. 77% Oregon Short Line. 6
Chicago <fe E. 111./. 41 Pacific Ma 11........ 25%
Preferred 99 Peorla, D. A Evan* 9
Chicago Gas 6*51/4 Pittsburg <fc W. pfd 15
Cleve& Piltsbnrg..l63 Pullman Palace.... 168
Consolidation Coal. 32 'Quicksilver......... 1%
Consolidated Gas..ls4i/i Preferred 14 ■
C. C. C. A St. Louis 33% Reading 9s/s9 s /s
Preferred.. -82 RioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. a7Vi Preferred 40
Preferred.... 100 Kock Island... 70%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 1 114 Rome WatAOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. lso St. L. A S. W • 4V4
Del. Hudson ......127 Preferred iOVs
Del. Lack<fc Westrn. 165 St. Paul 76%
Denver &R.G..... 12% Preferred. 128
Preferred 48 ; ,<[. Paul A Duluth. 22
Distillers 17^/4 Preferred. 85
General Electric... St. Paul <& Omaha. 42% i
Erie 141/4 Preferred 123
Preferred 34y st. P. M. A M...... 112
Fort Wayne.. ..;... 168 silver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfdlia. 'Southern Pacific... 19
Green Bay %|Southern R. R..... 8%
Harlem. 295 i Preferred......... 28%
Hocking C0a1...... 1% Sugar Refinery ....124 v 8v 8
Hocking Valley.... 16 Preferred IOH% J
Homestake.... '..... 32 Term. Coal A Iron. 26% I
H. A Texas Cent... 1 Preferred 100
Illinois Central..... 93 Texas Pacific?..... 7%
lowa Central B% ToI.A.A.A N.Mich.- '
Preferred.... 32% To!. * Ohio Cent... 32
Kansas A Texas... 10% Preferred ....'7O
Preferred 2 Tol. Si. Louis* K.C. 5
Kingston <& Pern... 3 1 Preferred 6 .
Lake Erie * Westn 18 I Onion Pacific..;... 71/4
Preferred \.. 70% U. P. Den & Gulf.. 3
Lake Shore 160% v. S. Cordage 63/
National Lead..... 25 . j Preferred 10%
Preferred......... 88% Guaranteed ...... 20
Long Island :......' 77 U. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 49s/ 8 v. S. Leather...... 8%
Louisville . NaifcCh 9%i, Preferred 63%
Preferred. .... 20 U. S. Rubber. ...... 21
Manhattan Consol. 106 Preferred... 80%
Memphis <fe Charts. 15 Utlca *B. River.. lso
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. S. L. * Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 95 Preferred......... 16%
Minn * S. L.. ...... Wells- Fargo 97
> referred Western Union.... 858/
Minn & St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 76 Wheeling *L. E.. 9%
2d preferred...... 46y 3 Preferred......... 34
Missouri Pacific.... 23»/4;Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64%
Mobile* 0h10.....ipy 2 jw. V. 8eef......... 7%
Nashville * Chatt. 68 I Ann Arb0r....... .. 8
National Linseed.. '15 • I Preferred......... 22 ■
N. J. Centra 1.......106. ......106y 8 Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... • Erie 2d pfd 20
"closing bonds. ■ '
U 545,re«15tered..107%!MKT2d5.......... 67%
Do 4s. coupon.:.. 10914 Do 4s/...........; 82%
V S 4s new, regstrdl 16% Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon 116% N J Cent Gen 6s. ..119
Do 2s 94 1 Northern Pac 15t5.117%
Do 55.............112% ;-D02d5........... 1 .114V 8
1 06s. coupon 113% D0Hd5. ............ 723/.
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l ß7
Do 1897..... .....10J Do deb 55..... 108
Do 1898 ...101) O RAN 15t5....:..11l ,
Do 18i>9..........100 StL*lronMtGenss 78y,
Pacific -is of '95.... St L*S F Gen 68.112
DC 3-655. .....109 St Paul C0n5015.... 131%
Ala Class A 45..... 106 St PCA Pa 15t5... 118
Do Class B 4, 55. . 106 Do Pac Cal lsts.:lll
La Consol 45....... 98 Southern KR 65... 92%
Missouri funding. .- Texas Pacific lsis. 84%
N Carolina con 65.. 121 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20V4
Do 45.. ........ 104 Union Pac lsts '96.1033/.
80 Carolina 4%5... 106 West Shore 45..;... 106
Term new 3s ." 82% Mobile * Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt. . . 6&% P. GrandeWest lsts 76
. Do registered..... t Ches 4 Ohio .1071/4
Do deferred 65... 6 Atchison 45.:...... 79
Do trust rcptsst. « Do 2ds A.....:. . 40%
CauadaSouth2ds..lo4y G HASA 6s .. ..105
Ceu Pac Ists 0f '96.102 D 075 .........: 97%
Den ARG ]5t:,...l 11 H * Tex Cent 65.. 109
Do 45.............. 91 Do con ....100-
Erie ad 5........... :. 64% Reading 45....;..;:' 7914
Kansas Pa Consols 74 Missouri 65....... 100
Kb Fa lsts Den dlvlll 1/4 *-.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
• WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL. •
LIVERPOOL, Ens.. June s.— The spot market
is quiet ana the - stock Is exhausted. Cargoes
steadier at 26s l%d buyers, arrived.
..' .:. FUTURES. . .
Tna Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
IIS/id; July, 4s ll%d; August, 4511% d; Sep
tember, 4s 113/ 4 d; October, 4s ll%d.
" ■.'■■■-.. > SECURITIES. "•■;■:.'
LONDON, Ens.. June s.— Consols, 113%: sil
ver, 3is/ a d; French Rentei, 102f 7%a
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — 94 881,4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8-7;
Ster.lng Cables — — *90
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — 12%
New .York Exchange-, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, "# ounce — ... — £8%
Mexican Dollars.. 64% ■ 55
♦ ■
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. -
WHEAT— The semi-annual statement .of the
Produce Exchange gives the stock hand in the
State June 1 at 132,707 tons, against 315,317 tons
June' 1, 1896. This shows quite a difference In
favor or this year.
' A rapid advance at Chicago gave the local mar
ket for futures an upward turn as will be seen, but
spot prices were undisturbed. No. 1, $I@l 02%:
choice, $1 033/i@i 05; lower grades, 95@J»7%c;
extra choice lor milling, $1 07%@l i 7% %> cU.
. CALL BOARD BALES.
Isfobmal Session— lo o'clock— 9oo
tons, 99% c; 1600, 995/8 C .„„
" . Regular Morning Session— December—
tons. 91; 1900, $1 00%: 3400, $1 00*4.
Afternoon Session — December — 100 - tons,
*1 00 V*: 400.81 00%; 900, $1 00%- ■
BARLEY— The stock on hand in the State June
1 wan 52,177 tons, against 36,722 tons June 1, .
1896. Thus we carry over a large stock into the
coming crop year. The market Is quiet and un
changed. Feed, 70@JH/ic i» ctl; choice, 72% c;
Brewing, 77y 2 @Bsc. v
■ ■ CALL BOARD SALES. ' t ' ,
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. •
1 Regular Morning session— December—
tons,7oy 8 c; 1000, 71c; 600. 71% c. :?'£>>:>-* ■'.■'■
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The stock on hand in the State June 1
wa» 78,500 ctls, against 108.96 ct s June 1, 1895.
The market is dull but firm, .villlngquot^b.e
atßs@B7%c * ctl: fancy Feed, 87%@92% $ctl;
food to choice. 8-'%@B7%c; common to fair, 75@
Oc; Gray, 80@85c; surprise, 92%c@$l %* ctl. i
CORN— The stock 011 hand in me State June 1
was 103,460 sacks, against 65,340 sacks June 1,
1895. In fact, stocks were heavier June 1 than
they have been on the same date since 1879— a
period of 17 years. Large Yellow is quotable at
87%@90c ■$ ctl; Small Round do, 97y 2 c; White,
80@85c •$ ctl. . .
RYE— 75@76V4c '$ ctl. The stock on hand ap
pears elsewhere.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Oc $ Ctl. -t
FLOUR AND MIL,LSTCFFB.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
! superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, *19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 "# ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount-to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, ?y2c; Corn-,
meal, / i@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
33^0: Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4(&4V2C: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c;. Farina,
4%c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Boiled oats, 4140;
Pearl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 43/ 4 c; Green do,
6i£c »tt). _.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$15@16 ton.
MIDDLINGS-IPI6 60@17 50 * ton for lower
grades and *18(g,19 V ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, ?16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; jobbing, $21 :
Cottonseed Oilcake, 921 3 ton. • '
HAY— No further change. New Wheat and
Oat,. $7 50@» 50 $ ton: new Oat, $7 50@8: new
Barley, $6 50<£7 50: new Alfalfa, $4(&4 50 %
tor. Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat. ?8@
11 * ton: Oat, *7£9: Wheat and Oat, $!:@lO 50;
Barley, 97(a>8 50 V ton; Clover, $6@7 50 %( ton;
Compressed Oat. $6 50<&3; Compressed Wheat, *7
i @1O 50; stock, $B@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@SOc H bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— According to the Produce Exchange
the stock on hand in the State June 1 was 369,396
bags, against 65,819 ba«s June I,' 1895. This Is
such an enormous difference that it almost leads
1 one to qu 1 lon the figures. Kayos 90r@$l ; Small
\ Whites. $1 25@1 35 ?! ctl: Pea, $1 20@l 30 1* ctl:
! Large Whites, 90c@$l Wctl; Pink, 85@95c; Keds,
$125; Blackeye, $175: Red Kidney, nominal;
Limits, $'-' 60@2 70; Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small
and $1 26(51 50 tor large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60@
225 # cU : Trieste, $2@2 0 $ ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 4O@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
! 'j. &>; Alfalfa, 7%@9% * «>: K*pe, 2y 2 c * ft;
Hemp, 3y 2 c ¥*•
DKIED TEAS— SI 25@1 40 $ ell for Nlles and
> $1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Both old and new are firmer. New
1 otatoes, 'n sacks, 85c@$l 10; new Early Rose In
boxes from the River, $I@l 25: new Burbank
Seedlings, $1 10(5(1 36; Oregon liurbanks, 65@90c:
Early Hose. 65@7dc: Petaluma and Tomales, (55@
75c f( ctl; Mumboldt Burbanks. 7O@BOc $ ctl.
ONIONS— Are lower asiain at 25@»;-iOc f> ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 476 boxes As
paragus, 254 boxes Rhubarb and 236 sacks Peas.
The market was easy yesterday, but receipts
went off well, except Tomatoes which were In
oversupply.
Alameda Summer Squash. 6c; Stockton Sum
mer Squash, $l(gil 25 $4 box; Egg Plant, 10c "# lt>;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75 ft bx: Cucum
bers, 60c@l $ dozen: Asparagus, tOc(asl box
1 for ordinary and SI 25@2 lor extra; Rhubarb,
60(®$l 25; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Green Pep
pers, >-@10c V tt>; Green Peas, 50@76c "$ sack for
common and $I@l 25 for Garden; String Beans,
for Los Angeles and 7@Bc $ tb for Winters;
Horse Beans. 40@50c $ sack; Dried Okra, 12% c;
Cabbage, 4&@soc $ ctl; Garlic, 4@6c ft It.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. . .
BUTTER— No further change.
Creamery— Fancy, 14y 2 @lsc: seconds, 13®
14c V lb.
Dairy— 13<ai3%c; good to choice, 12®
12% c; lower grades, il@ll%c-
CHEESE— Fancy mild new is quotable at 6y 2 c
"$ lb; common to good, s@6c f> tb; Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7(g>Bc %» lb; Western, 10
@llc; Eastern, 12@12%c. • .
EGOS— Choice ranch are firm and tending np
ward, but store are weak and dull. Eastern Eggs,
ll@12c: store Eggs, ll@ll%c: ranch Eggs, 13
@14c, with sales at 15; Duck Eggs, 14@15c $ doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— are very bard to sell, even at
the lower prices. . . .  '. • .
Liv? Turkeys, 1 2 14c 9 &> for Gobblers, 11®
]2i/aC for Hens: Gees?, 9 pair, 75c@$l 25: Ducks,
$3(a>4 for ola and $4@5 for young: Hens, $3 5-ftO
$4 50: Roosters, young, $6 &0@8: do, old, $-Uq>
4 50: Fryers, $5 50@tJ; Broilers, $4@5 for large
and S2(oj;< for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 ¥ doz
for young noil old. •;•'.•,■ : ■;.•
UaME — Nominal..
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
2626 boxes, selling at 6&@75c for White, 50@75c
! 1% box for Black, and 75c@$l for Royal Anne.
1 Cherries in bulk, ti%@7c % lb for Wti.te and b&
I 6%c for Black. ■
Peaches. $I@l 25 i* box.
Plums, 76c@*l * crate.
Cherry Piums, 4(J@«oc "$ box.
i Ripe Apples from Australia are on the market at
I 92 50 $ box.
[ Green Apples, 50c@$l ft box In small and SI 50
in large boxes. ■
Green Pears, 36@60c IS box. ■ X. V;
Pringle Apricots sold at 60c@$l "$ box; Royals,
$I@l 50 » box. .■.,.-.",■■,■" ■ >.
BERRIES-Recelpts of Strawberries were. 248
chests, selling at $B@lo 9 chest for Longworths
and $4@6 for large berries. • • . .
Goosebnrrle*, V@2y 2 c V lb In bulk for ordinary
and 2y 2 @3c ¥ lb in bulk for large.
Raspberries, , r )O@76c fi drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $1 25 '#& crate.
Blackberries. *2 %4 crate.
Currants. $S@s fl chest.
CiTRUs FRUlTS— Oranges are quotable at
76c@$l 50 V box for Seedlings, $3@4 "$, box for
Navels, $1 60@2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 25*
2 25 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 75c@
$150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, -$6@7; California Limes, 91 * bx;
Bananas, $I®^ %» bunch; Pineapples, $3@o %*
dozen. .. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS — The situation shows no
change. The following prices rule on the Fruit Ex
change: ■ -
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c $ lb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and , 4@4%c for evaporated ;
Peaches, ?/Sssc and 6c . for fancy; Apricots, 2 ©
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc %i
tb for fancy iloorpaik; I Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed; . White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c 9 lb
for evaporated halves, 3y a @6c tb for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3i/4c; Plums, SVaC * Ib for pitted and
1 yy 2 2c tor un pitted; Nectarines, 3%<35c %t lb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. ' "■ . • : .■■'■ . .
Jobbing' Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
V lb; sun-dried, I%(a2c: Peaches, 3%@5c and Be
for fancy: peeled in "boxes, 12% c * »>; Prunes, 4c
for four stzes, 5@5y 2 c for 40@50's and 4%@5c for
50@60's; Apric.its, 6 1 /2(a.9c for prime to choice,
lOfgill for fancy Moorpark ; Figs, black, 3%c:
White lies, 3®sc; , Pears, 8c 1» Ib for evaporated
halves and 4@7y c for quarters; Plums, B%@4c
for pitted and : l@iy 2 c forunpltted: Nectarines,
4@sc rl,r 1 , Jb for prime to choice. ■■'-.■' . .
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown,' loose, 3»4c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
I 2%c V lb: seedless Sultanas, 3%@35 / 4 c; seedless
Muscatels, 2u.@2%c: 3-crown London layers, 70c
* box; clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clusters,
$2 10@2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
Grapes, « lb. . . : . .-. , ■
Jobbing Prick»— Four-crown loose, a @4c; 3
crown, 3Vic ~f, lb; 2-crown, 23/i@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c W»Jt«; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, ; 75@90c;,c.usters,-$l Do@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $ 2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, . -..' .;'■•:->.■•
NUTS—Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc :.s,: .s, Ib
for No. 1 hard and U@l3c V lb or paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c % Ib for Langue
doc and; B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, 6%@7c for Eastern and 2 @5%c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@lo<- » Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 50@b "# 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c V lb for
bright ana B®9c f, Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5@5%c fi lb: light amber ex
tracted. 4i4(&4%c: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BEESWAX— 2S®'27y 1 c » lb.
PROVISIONS..
Eastern Hams ore lower, as some dealers are cut
ting for business. :-..; . : • |
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c »
ft) for heavy, 7c $ Ib for light medium, 9c » Ib for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c i» to for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie » lb: Cali
fornia Hams, ' 10c * . Ib: Mess Beef, $7 50@8:
extra mess do, $8 50Ca9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, .$8 50@9; extra clear, $14 V bbl;
mess, $12 bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c 'f, Ik.
' LAUD— tierces is quoted at 6 Vic $ lb |
for compound anil 6%c for pure; palls. 7y 2 c;
California tierces, 5V4c lor compound : nd 6V4c tor |
pure: half-bbls, a c; 10-lb tins, 71/40; do
COTI^jLEN 4c4 c in tierces and 6%@7y 8 c
ft Si in 10-lb tins.' • -,-."<■; i .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7@7%c; culls and brands. 6@6%c:
medium, 6®6i,2C: culls and brands. 6@5%c; li^ht, !
6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides. s®si/2c: culls I
and brands, 4@.y..c; salted Kip, si: 0 lb: sailed :
Calf, 7@Bc: sailed Veal. 6c; dry aides, lOi/^llc: i
qullsand brands, B@Sy 2 c: dry Kipancl Veul, B@dc:
culls,' 7c: dry Call, Ibc: culls, 10c; WoatstKins. |
20@35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; medium. 16@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins,' shearlings, 10®15c each; short wool, 2i@
35c each; medium. 40(&50c each; long wools, 50®
60c each. Culls of all kin.li about i/2ci /2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3%®3%c: No. 3,
3c; refined, 5y 2 ®58 / 4c; Grease, 2y 2 c l) In.
WOOL— Valley oregon, 9®loy 2 c^ lb: do
lower grades, B@9%c $ Ib; Nevada, 6@9c ig, lb;
San Joaquiu and southern Coast, six months, 4®6c;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%®6y c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, s@t>i/ a c i« lb. i
JfclOPß-l%@3c "$ lb. •
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta ' Grain Baes, spot, $4 25; June-
July delivery, $4 37%; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool
Bags, 24%@26%c. 1 .
COAL— Wellington, $8 fi ton; New Wellington,
$8 ft ton; southlield Wellington, $7 50 f> ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsenu, .$7: scotch, $7 60; Brymbo, *7 50;
Cumberland, $11@1'2 in bulk and Sl3@l4' in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egs;, $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Peasant Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
RICE-Chlnese mixed. $3 20@3 40; No. 1, $3 60
to 3 70 x*. oil; extra Na 1, $3 90®4; Hawaiian,
,f3 37%®3 60; , Japan, $3 70&3 90; Rangoon,
$3 10.
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company '
quotes, terms net cash: 1 übe, Crushed, Powdered ;
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6y a c; |
Confectioners' A ss/sc: Magnolia A. 8 c; Extra j
C, 43,4 c: Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels, Vie more |
than barrels, and boxes y a c more. -
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls. 16c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. ' •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are lower. Beef Is steady and Mutton firm.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5@5%c; second do, 4 y a
48,40: third do, 2 @4c # lb.
V EAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c f* lb.
-MUTTON— Wethers. SV->@6c: Ewes, syacy a c ft.. ',
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6y a c '# ft..
PORK— Live Hogs, 3c # lb for large and ay^c i
for small and medium; dressed do, 4i/ 3 (g»3i4c $ lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
- FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks 5,797 Cheese, ct15...... 105
Washington 6,345 Eggs, d0z.... 10,260 ■
Wheat, ctlg. ll.446Hides.no ..... 356
Washington.... 1.579 felts, bdls... 3,925
Barle; , ctls.'.'. ... 1,662 Wool. bis.. 148 1
Oats, Wash, ctls.. 3,220 Washington.... 55'
Beans, sks. 400 Wine, gals 39,200
Potatoes, 5k5..... Leather, r0115.... 65 j
Onions, sks I.o9BlKaisins, boxes. .. 1,215
Bran, sks 695 Quicksilver, flsks 394 j
Middlings, sks... 200!Flaxseed, Wah.. 293
Hay. tons 372 Lime, bbls. 81
Butter, ct15....... 246!
i\'* "■: I'-ii X \ ♦ V- .. ■
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
The only change In Dairy Produce is an advance
in ranch Eggs. *
Some kinds of Poultry are cheaper. Meats are
about the same.
Peaches and Plums »re added to the fruit list,
but they are scarce as yet. 1 here is nothing new
in Vegetables. '
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price llsv
- . • coal— per ton.
Cannel — @ fl 50 Pleasant Val 9 60@10 00
Wellington. —©10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- '■--■ I • Wellington •'. — 950 ;
lington.... ■ — ®1000 Scotch -H&> 950 !
Seattle 7 00@ 7 50 Coos Bay... 660(0 —
Castle Gate. 9 51% 10 00
DAIRY TRODUCE, ETC.
Butter, fancy, "9. Cheese, Eastern...
square .301^35 Cheese, Swiss... 206630
do, 18 roll.. 30(a> — Common Eggs. —
do. choice ....25(#— RanchKggsVdz...lsfa!2o
Ordinary — — Honey, comb, '$1b.12(a>15
Cheese, Cal. 10® — do, extracted B<jgpl2
MEATS— PKR POUND. ..
Bacon 126617: Pork, fresh 12<ai5 I
Beef, choice 12<3»15 I'ork, 5a1t...... '...'. 10@l 2 j
do, good SC&10 Pork Chops 12rg*15 1
Corned 8eef....... B(St— Round Steak B<n.lO
Ham, Ca1........12y0@16 Sirloin Steak. . .12i/2(ai —
• do, Eastern.. ... 15® — 1 Porterhouse, d 0 . .. l?@20
Lard ...;..... ...12ta»15 Smoked 8eef...... to) 15
Mutton ...;. B(«lC[Pork Sausages.... — ®20 |
Spring Lamb.. 10@ — |Veal 10@15 ;
.......... POULTRY ANn OAME.
Hens,' each;.... 60® 60 Turkeys, 9 St.. 15® 18;
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 50(3 60 :
ers, each " 75® 90 Geese, each.... 126(8)150 1
Old Roosters, ' i Pigeons, "~f> pr.. . . 40(^ . 60 1
each.'.;;...... 60<a bO Rabbits, %> pr. . 85® 40
Fryers, each... " 65® . 75!liare, each 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 30® . 60
FRUITS AND NUTS.
Almonds, IS Ib 12faU5 Limes, 1* d0z......12®16
Apricots. ~s. 1b..... b@l0 Oranges, ft d0z.... 10030
Apples. 9 5t.'......' l OiPears, "pi Ib ....... 8(3)10
Bananas, >? doz...ls@2oiPeacnes. f* Ib ..... ®10
Blackberries, f. 1t..1-(a>. 5 ."nuns, V Ib B@lo
Currants, r> box... 3O@6o;Raisins, f% Ib ...... 5f«15
Cocoanutß, each...lO(<z>l2.Ua!ipb<>rries,^oßktls®2s
Cherries, 1b.:.... s-trawDerries,
Gooseberries, fi lb. '■& 6 "$ drawer ....... 35®60
Lemons, V d0z. .. .26®30 Walnuts, * Ib 160 —
VKOETABLES..
Asparagus, 9 1b... s@lo.Mr'fat Squash,^ Ib — @ —
Artichokes.'3doz..lO@3o Onions, I* Ib 4® f>
Beets, $1 doz Peppers, green,^lblA®2o
Beans, ■pMb^i/zf* 5 Parsnips, f> n0z....15/&20
Colored. •» 1b...2%® 6 Potatoes, |» 1b..... 2® 3
Lima. tb 4® 6: do. New. * 1b.... 3® 4
Cabbage, each..... 6(3)10 Rhubarb, "$ 1b... . 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each. s«i. 8 •'sad)shes.<«dzbchs.lO(g)lU
Celery, 1* bunch... s(d» — Sage, $ lb ..25®35
Cress. «dzbunchs.2o®2s|Sojer squash, %4 Ib B@lo
l'iicuiiiber,f*iJoz.7s@l -Ja string Beans, % 8i.10®12
Garlic, a 1b....;... B@lo Thyme, Ib 20®30
Green Peas, # &>.. 4® Turnips, <$ d0z....16®20
Lentils, *Ib . ..... 6® Tomatoes, %i lb. ...10(a>12
Lettuce, f, d0z.... 15®20 1
■ ■ ■■ nsH— pocnd.
Barracuda .. 10®12iShad B@lo
Carp.;. B@lo|Sea Bass. ......... — (3 —
Codfish — ®15 5me1t5....... .IS@ —
Flounders into —Soles .10®12
Halibut 10® -Skates, each 10@12
Herring .......... — ,sturgeon...... —@> —
Klneflsh lO(d) — iTomcod .....15@ —
Mackerel .....20® -'.Clams, fi ga1....... —#15
do, Horse —<a — Do, hardshell, "$
Perch :......;..... 10® — 100.....~. :..sO® —
Pompano..: —/a — Crabs, each ..12@15
Rocknsh 12®15 Do. softsheU, « dz.2S®3s
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® — Mussels, » qrt..,..10®15
Salmon, fresh 5 Oysters, Cal,%) 100.40(g» —
Shrimps 8®10)Do; Eastern, 9 dz.26®40
» — ♦ • — - —
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market was firm as a rule yesterday, and
the leading stocks were a few cents better. The
exception was Hale A Norcross, which ran d«wn
to $2 66. The other stocks were generally quiet.
The following shares changed hands on the Call
lioanl of the Uold Mining Exchange during May:
Anniiie, 18,450; Champion, 6; Ea:ia. 6950: Grant.
17,900; Lockwood Consolidated. 8^,859; Savan
nah, 33,600; Sebastopol, 28,600; Thorpe, 11,010.
BOAKD SALES.
?ollowinewere th» sal"" ">• San Fianolsse
Btoeirßonrd r^sterday:
REGULAR MOBNINO SESSION rOWMENCIJTa 9:»0.
100 Alta 20,1000 Ch011r.3.26 200 0ccd.... 1.65
300 Andes S'JIOO .........3.30 600 0ph1r...2.00
300 .„ 63 300 Con 1n>.. .03 200 ..........2.05
300 .'...64 100 C P0int...67 100 P0t05t.. 1.55
500 15 A ii. 1.65 200 Excbqr...l- 600 .'..... 1.50
450 Bodie 7i/ 700 G AC. .1.65 150 8avag..1.70
100 Bullion.. 31 200 HdtN... 2.80 400 8 5T...1 10
60 30250 ..........2.76 •.0H Uni0n. .1.05
100 CC&V...3.05 100 Mxcan.l.lu 100 .........1.10
200. .......3.10 300 ......... 1.15 100 Utah .....18
20 ..........3.00 100 Occldtl.. 1.76 500 V Jackt.,sß
■ r ■ il-TEBSOOK SESSION— 2: 30.
600 A1pha.... .22i100 G & C..1.66; 50 0ph1r....2.05
50 B 48,. 1.50450 . .2.65'H00 P0t051...1.60
100 ....... 1.65 1050 ........2.60 100 Savage.. 1.60
160 Chollar.. Mex... 1.15 100 SJVev..].lo
200 .V.V.. ;. .3.26|500 N &CD 100 Uni0n.. .1.10
100 8u1wer....34J800 0cc1dt1..1.60 400 Utah... 18
150 CC&V...3.05 700 Overman. 2B*oo *....... ....17
260 C P0int... 671600 ."..:...... 30 800 V Jckt....69
following were tne ; sales in thsPaciaa dioax
ioard yesterday: ' . • I".'.
. RZGCT.AR SESSION— IO:3O. ,
200 Aloha 21 200 G 4 C. . .1.65 300 Ovrmn 28
100 Alt*... ....20300V..r...1.67% 300 ...:......;.27
300 Ande5....63;400H&N.:.2.8U400 ...........29
. 1 8e1cher... 75 100 ......... 2.75 1000 P0t0i1.1.50
SSO BAB. 1. 47 100 ...... ....15/ 8 400 ...... 1.55
1050, ...... 1.60,200 .....; 2.66300 ..■....„.. 1.60
100 .......1.52W300 .........2.70 160 :..... .1.67%
300 Bodie 70 200 .......1.67%1750 Savage.. 1.70
400 Bui 1i0n... :;0 100 2.72V 2 500 .......1.67V.
200 .;.... .....Sa 200 Julia..... 15200 .........1.65
400 8u1wer... 33 200 Justice.. 500 Scorpion.,lo
100 Ca1eda.....13 300 Kentuck..O6 500 58AM....18
100 ChaUne...4S|6oiJ Mexnl.l2y ............ 19
100 Ch011....3.50 400 .V..:.. 1.16 100 9 Nv.1.07y 2
400 .......3.27% 100 Occld 15-g 100 ........;.l.lu
•1150 .*. ......3.25 450 .1.651200 811 Hill.. .05
60 CCV.... 3.05 200 .....;. 1.70100 Union C 1.05
100 .......3.07% 100 ..;... 1.67 500 Utah 19
100 C0nn....1.8h 100 Ophir . .2.00 500 .... ..:..;. 20
600 Con 1m...08 400 .... ...2.021/2 100 V Jacket.. s 6
200 Crwn PU..67 160 .........2.06 200 ............57
300 Exchqr...lO 50 .........2.101
AFTERNOON SKSSIOX— 2:3O.
100 A1pha.... 22 150 G&C.... 1.55 560 0ph1r... 300
200 Alta 18 200........1.62%'450 ..2.02Vi
400 Andes... .5'.!!250 H<feN 2.67V- '4OO 0vrmn....29
100 1300 2.66 25 8a 1.70
150 Blcnr 75,100 2.60,400 ...... ..-1%
250 8A8. ..1.50 200 Julia 15300 ;...... .1.60
200 Bodie 651100 Justice... .l2(3oo Scorpion..l 2
200 8u11i0n... 32|: 00 Kentuck..O6jsOO S 8&M....18
300 Bui war... 34 200 Mex.,1.12V 100 S Nv...L.JO
160Cb0ur...5.20;900 Occdl...l.bujlOO .1.07%
250 1CV..... 3.05 200 1.57y 3 500 Sil Hill.. .05 I
100 C0nn. ...1.35 500 ....... 1.60,100 Union..
200 C NY... 60 ...... ...1.55 VIOO Utah 17
1 500 C P0int. ..»7 100 ....:. 16/ 8 300 V Jac1M1..69
600 Exchqr..'.lo 50 l.too]
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 6—4 r. M.
. Bid. Asked.] Bid. Asked,
Alpha C0n.... 21 22! Jack50n........ 40 —
Atta....- 18 20!Ju11a.. ......... — J5J 5
Andes....; 50 62' Justice. 11 .■'«
Belcher 73 74|Kentuck....... 05 06
! Best &Belcherl.6O 1.55 Lady Wash.... 04 05
Benton C0n.... 20 —Mexican.. 1.10 1.16
80die.......... 65 —M0n0..... — 07
Bullion .32 33 Nevada Queen. — .05
Bulwer 33 — Occidental... ..l.6o 1.70
Caledonia. 11 12Ophir. 2.00 2.05
Chollar ........3.20 3.25 Overman...'.... 30 31
C0n.Ca1.&Va..3.00 3.05 P0t051. ;."..... L«0 1.65
Challenge Con. 44 47 Savage 1.60 l.bo
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion .;....■— 11
Confidence.... — I.4oiSeg. Belcher... 17 19
I Con New York — lOSvndicate. 04 05
i crown Point..-. 66 68 silver Hi 11.... 05 06
I KnstSierraNev — 06 Sierra Nevada.l.os 1.15
i Exchequer.... 10 11 Union Con 1.05 l.io
Gould*' urry.l. so 1.65 Utah 17 1» |
Hale *Norcrs.2.6o 2.65 Yellow Jacket. 57 69
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE. .
200Amalle 2 60' Providence
700 a 50 Bid V 6000
100 - 2 65 Asked ...80 00
Champion. 200 Savannah - 44
Bid .-. 2000400 ~ 43
A5ked........ 00100 •• .°*
400 Edna 40 100 ..— *°
200Granl».. 13300 - «1
■• Kennedy....... 300 ~ **
Bid 1000 100 .....:... - 46
Asked.... .:..ll 60 200 Sebastopol....~ 48
Keystone....... 200 - °«
Bid ....650C Thorpe ~
700 Lockwood Con.. 84 Asked >°
1300 .... 35
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June i-2 r. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US c0up.. 1083,4 — U8 4s reg...109y8 —
new tssuelltS 116%
IIISCKLLANKOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbiess. — 113 iPacßoll 116s. — —
Cal£lecL6s — • 123 V 2 :Do 2d is 63... — —
CntraCWss 95 97 IP AO R> 106 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 96 P&Ch By 6s. — 107
i EdsnL*P6s - . 122% Pwl-st RROs. — 116%
F*CHUH6s.IO4i/ a - Reno, Wl^fcL - 105
\ Geary-stßss. — 106 Sacto FA L. — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 100 JSI-&N i'R ss. — 101%
DoGnteed6s - 103 SPRRArizPs 96% 96% '
I Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI 65.105%11l
DoKyConss.. — 105 SPRRCaI ss. — —
NatVin6slst 95 100 Sl'F.rßCalßs. 993/ 100
NevCNcK7s. H6 ■ 105 SV Wale: 65.. — 119Va i
NPCRR6s.IO3 110. SV\Vater4s.. 98% 99 3
NRy(al 63.103 — !stktnG&E 6s — 100
■N By Cal ss. — 100 Siins.T&T6s 100 —
Oak Gas ss. .101 104% Sutter-51R55.107% —
Jjo 2d is 58.. — 106 |-VlsallaWC6s — 94
Omnibus bs. — I*o j
water STOCKS.
i Contra Costa 37% 39 iSan J05e..... 76 100
MarinCo.... 50 - iSirng Valley 98%, 89
GAS STOCKS.
! Capital 20 i 27 Pacific Dent 46% 47%
i Central 95 ' — San Francsco 93% 94
OakGL&u 52 63 Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaslmp. — 86% -:■: ' 7,.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's Fd 165 180 |5un .......... 25 50
. COM MERCIAN BANK STOCKS.
: Amerß&TC. - — a,ondonP&A.l2B%l3o
Anglo-Ca1.... 5134. _ ;London«fcSF. — 27%
; Bank of Cut.. 238 24'_'y 2 Meich Ex... 12 —
: Cal S D&TCo 55% 57y 2 iNevada — —
i First i0n1.178 18-'% Saiher B Co. — —
I Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
I OerS&liCo.l4ls 1500 Sav&Loan.. — 100 [•
I HurnbH&L.llOO 1450 Security 260 200
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
BFSavfnion — 48a |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 110 (Oak SL&Hay — 100
G«*ry-st .. — 55 Presidio 7 —
Market-st.:.. 43% 44 Sutter-st — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — lHi/ 8 Giant C0n.... 23% 24%
Eastern D... — 8- V 2 Judson D.... — —
California.... 75 — iVlzorit. 60c . 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. - 100 iNatVinCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 23 24% ;
Cal Cot Mills - — Pre Aux FA 1 • —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Lightll9%l 193,4 Pac Roll Mill — —
Gascon Assn. — — Parf PainlCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTr nsCo. — 24
j HawC&SCo.. 19 19 V* Pac T«feT Co. 55 70
Hutch Sl'Co — 24V Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn 100 110 .United C Co. — •-. 26 .
MIIK.VINII SESSION.
Board— •
60 Hawaiian Commercial 18 62%
150 Hutchinson •-* P Co 2H 87% j
60 do do, b2 24 00
100 do do, b5..... 24 00.
. 25 Market-st Railway 43 87%
10 do do. b5 43 87%
30 SV Water . 98 87%
60 do do.blO. •. 99 00
Street—
100 S F Gaslight 93 75
100 s V Water ....*...... 99 00
$6000 3 V 4% Bonds 99 00
SALES— AFTERNOON SBS9IO2T.
Board —
I 30 Giant Powder Con.. .......'.. 24 00
l 75 Hawaiian Commercial. 19 00
f 100 Hutchinson S P Co 214 12%'
I 525 do do. sSO:. 24 00
5 Market-st Railway 43 87%
30 8 F Gaslight •. • 93 75
SSV Water 98 75
! $4000 v Pof A Bonds 96 76
$3000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 99 75
' Street— " "
50 Hutchinson S P Co. 24 00
-. . > ♦ « ...'.■:,-,
The Dangerous Blue Heron.
"Some of these days," said the long*
shore hunter, "I expect to open my daily
paper and see a headline something like
this, 'Killed by a Blue Heron,' ana I'll tell
you why. The bine heron is a big, power
ful bird, which has already badly "disfig
urid the faces of several men. The men
have wounded a bird, and then, thinking
to capture it alive, they went up to it.
Why, I'd as soon try to kiss a wounded
i grizzly. The birds grow as tall as 6 feet
and have necks like a fishrod and just the
kind of muscles to move it quickest with
the most strength. They could drive their
bill points through a quarter-inch panel.
"The hunter goes up to the bird and sees
it lying there looking as innocent as a
robin, with only a wing broken. 'What a
I tine pet it would make," the fool hunter
thinks. Then he picks the bird up and
starts for home in a wagon or a boat, with
the bird between his knees. The bird's
neck is drawn back like a letter 'S. All
of a sudden the bill shoots up and gives i
the man a gash alongside the eye three j
inches long, That is what always has
happened. The wounded bird has missed
its aim, but sometimes, and you want to
remember it, this feathered spearman will
drive its bill far into an enemy's eye, and.
like a steel umbrella stick, the point of j
the bill will penetrate the man's train. I !
guess the bird's aim has always been I
spoiled by the pain of its wounds, and so |
many a human life has been saved. I
don't monkey with wounded bitterns or
cranes— well, scarcely." — New York Sun.
• — *■ — •
In the thirteenth century all work ex
cept agricultural labor was forbidden upon
Lady day.
«■ ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
£bamch Hydboobaphic Owcb, U. a. X. ■»
Merchants' Eichavsr. V
San Francisco. June 5. 189 ft. i
The time ball on Telegrapn liiu was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
lutrliiisu, or exactly at tt r. v.. Greenwich tlma.
A. F. FKCHTKLKB,
lieutenant U. S. N., ia charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
rf ■ COAST AND GKODKTro SrßVier TlDB)
tutttktin Published BY OFFICIAL , >•
AfTHO^OK THE SUPERIN-TKN-DKXT. )
~ ~ ■ Saturday June 6.
Bnnrlses .... 4.471 Moon rises „. 1.29AK
85n2!T'.:"::.:...-7-3olMoon set.
1 «Tune-189G. .
\OTK-In the above exposition of the tides Vai
#arly morning tides ar« given in the left hand
column, and the successive tide* of the day in tha
order of occurrence ai to time. The second ttm«
column gives thu second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlghs
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tbere are but three tides, a* sometimes
occurs. The heichts given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then trie number given Is subtractlvs
from lhedomh <»«r«it hv herhnrs
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
. . FRIDAY. June 5.
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 47 hours from Re
donao: ballast, to J s Klmball.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Good all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Peru, Friele, 34 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 14% days: pass and mdse to P M 8 S.
! rig John D apreckels, Christiansen, 20 days
from Mahukona; sugar, to J D Spreckcls <fe Bros
Co.
Schr Etta B. Madsen, 8 hours from Fort Ross;
40 bxs butter 40 hogs, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 20 hours from
Phelps Landing: bark and wood, to Bender Bros.
Bchr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
' Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co; 100
! cs cream, to California Creamery Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. June 5.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co:
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, Herschel Island via Port
Clarence; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br bark Morialta, Hunter, Melbourne: J J Moore
& Co. sf=i ! . ~ -' :
chr Ida Schnauer, NielseD, Port Clarence; A P
! Lorentzen.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, June 5.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen, Trinidad.
U S strnr Albatross. Moser, Port Townsend.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen. ,v, -.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Portland.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Scmr Greenwood; Carlson.
stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ital ship Cateriua Accame, Borzone, Queens*
town.
Br bark Bass Rock, Kain, Cape Town.
Scnr Wm Bo\vd*'n, Fjerem, St Michaels Island.
Schr Pilot. Johnson.
Schr Fortuna, Roslch. Eureka.
Scbr Laura Pike. Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup.
Schr Marion, smith. Seattle.
Schr J G Wall, Gallup. Eureka.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, lion-ens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers. Rnsmussen, Biblers Point.
Schr James A Gartield, Palmgren.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, Seattle. •;• •*. ,
Schr C a Thayer, Lilyquist, Grays Harbor.
Charters.
Tne Br bark Alexandra loads wheat for Sydney
direct, lump sum: 13 r bark Ben Avon, wheat for
1 Cape Town, private: Brshlp Holliswood, lumber
I oa the Sound for a direct West Coast p rt, 355;
bark Oregon, coal at Nanaimo for this port; sh p
Benjamin Sewell, lumber at Burrard Inlet for
Shanehai.
Telegraphic. .
POINT LOBOS, June s—lo P. M.— Weather,
hazy : wind KW ; velocity. 30 miles.
' Spoken.
June 3— iAt 51 N, ling 17 \V, Br ship Glencairn,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 30— La". 49 45 N, Ion? 27 14 W, Brship
Strathsryfe, hence Feb 5, for Liverpool,
Domestic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June s— Stmr Noyo,
hence June 4.
COQTTILLE— SaiIed June 4— Schr Moro, for San
Francisco.
NEW WIIATCOM— SaiIed June s— Scbr Gen
Banning, for Port Harford.
CASPAR— SaiIed June s— Stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed June 6— Schr Bessie X, for San
Francisco.
Flsjio— Sailed June s— Stmr Navarro, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June s— Bktn Skagit, fm
Port Gamble: stmr National City, from San Diego.
Sailed June 6— Seat Alice, tor Eureka; stmr
National City.
USAL— Arrived June s— Stmr Newsboy, hencs
June 4.
GREENWOOD— June 5-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed June s— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco. June 4— Br stmr
Progressist, hence June 1, for .Nanaimo; stmr
Willamette, hence June 1, for Com ox. June 5—
Stmr City of Puebla, hence June 3. for Victoria.
FORT ROSS— Sailed June 6-Schr Etta B, ' for
San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived June s— Stmr Faral.
lon, hence June 2.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June s— Bktn KllW.
tat, from Honolulu.
NEWPORT— BaiIed June 6— Strar Alcazar.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 6— Nor
stmr Peter Jebsen, from Nanaimo.
COOS BAY— Arrived June s— Stmr Arago, hnc
June a. and to sail June 6. for San Francisco; schr
Daisy Rowe, hence May 29.
COLLINS LANDlNG— Arrived June s— Scar
Man* Etta, hence June 2.
MENDOCINO— Arrived June Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 4; stmr Scotia, hence June 4.
Foreign Ports.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived June 4— Btmr Tacoma,
from Victoria.
HAKODATE- Arrived Mar 20— Schr Silver
I Fleece, from sealing; cruise. May 21— Schr Rattler
from sealing cruise.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived June 4— Br bark Can
dida from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 4— Br ship Yola
from Tacoma; Br ship Clan Mackenzie, hence Jan
29 : Br ship Clan Ga braith, hence Feb 17; Br ship
I Norfolk-Island, from Tacoma; Brshlp Mowhan,
I from Oregon.
Movements of Tram- Atlantic] Statmsri,
NEW YORK— Arrived June s— Stmr Norman
nia, from Hamburg, Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr Scandla, from Hamburg; stmr Zaandam, fm
Amsterdam; stmr St Paul, from Southampton
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out June s— Stmr
: Umbria
BKEMERHAVEN— Arrived out June 5-Stmr
I Dresden.
I LONDON— Arrived out June s— Stmr Mohawk.
I Sailed June Stmr Mississippi, for New York.
1 SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June s— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, for New Y0rk.V389»30
GLASGOW— SaiIed June 4— Stmr Furuessia, for
New York. y
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared June
land, for Liverpool.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed June 8
—Stmr Switzerland, from Philadelphia, for Ant
werp.
Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 cs fish, 30 tuba 4 Kprs
23 bxs butter, 1 pkg springs. 2 cs clothing, 1 bdl
saw collar, 1562 M shinnies, - cs boots and shoes.
6 pkgs mdse, 2 bbls mineral water, 5 pfcgs Iron, 3
ales coin. 13 pkgs express, les blankets, les har
ness. 18 M ft lumber.
E R and X R R- 1 cs dry goods, Isk furs, 10 cs
6 bbls cider, 97 tubs 343 bxs butter. .
Rohnerville-100 sks oats.
Singley— dressed calves.
HONGKONG— Per Peru— 2673 pigs matting, 54
pki;s silk goods, 21 parcels, 960 pkgs coffee, 205
pkgs teak. 30 pkgs sugar. 322 pugs opium, 378
pkgs curios, 400 pkgs oil, 195.4 pkgs tea, 2420
pKgs rice. 6007 pkgs mdse.
Overland-46 pkgs matting, 138 pugs silk goods,
65 parcels 297 pkes curios, 181 pkgs raw silk, 328
pkes mdse. 1809 pkgs t?a.
For Central and South America— 3B pkgs silk
goods. 18 pkgi curios. 120 pkgs mdse.
Consignees. .
. Per Peru— Parrott St Co: Daniel Meyer: IT An
derson; H M Succores; J A Folger & Co; London
and San Francisco Bank; I O Blanehard: Bank of
British North America; American Trading Co- H
OGreeuhood; I M Mattoon ; T A Wheeler; Bank
of British Columbia; London, Paris and American
Bank; C Solomon Jr; J C Siegfried & Co: E B Jen
nings: I Tuska; A Schilling * Co; Easton &
Schwartz: R P Schwerin; ; Wells, Fargo A Co: M J
Brandensti>in & Co; Hans. Baruch & Co- W Roth"
Tlllmann & Bendel; Goldberg, Bo wen & Co: Cali
fornia and Japan Trading Co; Swayne & Hoyt-
Macondray A Co. s
Per Pomona- American Union Fish Co: Charles
Jansen; A Crocker A Bro: Brlgham, Hoppe A Co-
Betis Sprln? Co; Brown Bros A Co: California -aw
Works: C A Hooper A Co; Dodge. Sweeney A Co:
Cahn, Nickelsburg iS; Co; Dairymen's Union: H M
Wadro; Enterprise Brewery: E Farrls; Hibernia
Brewery; Hulse, Bradford A Co: Hans Schroder;
John Finn; Keystone bros; M Winnsch; McKay
Co: National Ice Co; National Brewer.-; Patter
son Express: = Rosenthal A Co; Standard Oil Co:
Scott A Van Arsilale Lumber Co: Getz Bros A Co;
Wellman, Peck aCe : Wheaton, Breon A Co: Q de
Lucca; Wieland Brewing Co; \V A J Sloane A Co;
Wells. Fargo A Co: X R Stevens A Co; illllitBros;
United Sta.es Brewery; Eg-ers. Gould A Co; Q A.
J Davis: Hilmer. Breahoff A schnlz: F B Halght:
C E Whitney A Co; H Liebes A Co: John Butler:
Witzel A Baker; Kowalsky A Co; Rosa A Hewlett;
Russ, Sanders A Co; O B Smith A Co; Sachs Bros;
Norton, Teller & Co; National Ice Co.DAGGETT LOSES
HIS DIG FIGHT,
The Laymance-Foote Fac
tion Carries Alameda
County.
SOME " CLEAN " POLITICS
W. W. Foote's Name Was
Voted by a Heeler Early
in the Day.
TWO CONTESTS PROBABLE.
Moffitt, Fitzgerald and Laymance All
Beaten in Their Own
Wards.
Oaklabd Office San Francisco Call, }
90S Broadway. June 5. \
John Daggett has been beaten in Ala
meda County and Prison Director Fitzger
ald will not go as a delegate to the Na
tional Democratic Convention.
When the returns were received at mid
night from all the county it was found
that the Foote-Laymance ticket had been
successful to the extent of electing twenty
of their delegates, leaving but fourteen for
Fitzgerald. As W. W. Foote is the dele
pate-at-large, Laymance has twenty dele
gates out of a district convention of thirty
four
When 10 o'clock arrived one of the most
repulsive primaries ever held in Alameda
County came to an end. As all the heelers
and repeaters worked and carried the city
for Daggett it is useless for that faction to
deny that they received help from across
the bay. Wherever there was a display of
dirty politics Daggett's ticket won, and
after all the talk of "clean" politics and
decency the result was somewhat of a sur
prise.
One of the most amusing incidents of
the day, as well as one that called forth
the most vehement protest, was the voting
of W. W. Foote's name by some unknown
person, so that when the well-known
Democrat appeared at the polls he was
refused permission to deposit his ballot.
The county went solid for Laymance,
with the exception of Temescal and Golden
Gate precincts, but their delinquency was
more than offset by the other precincts in
Oakland Township, and Laymance got the
delegates.
The Foote-Liymance ticket won in
Washington, Murray, Eden, Brooklyn
and Oakland townships; it also carried
the Fifth Ward and landed one delegate
in the Seventh.
The Daggett-Fitzgerald ticket carried in
the First, Second, Fourth, Sixth and secured
one delegate in the Seventh Ward.
Alameda laid the foundation of a pro
test by opening a second ballot-box in the
West End. but the regular election showed
a large majority for Laymance.
In the Third Ward there will be a con
test, as there was only a majority of 52
and the alleged stuffing had been so great
that 75 men who wanted to vote were pre
vented from doing so because their names
had already been voted. Chairman Lay
mance said to-night that he would issue
no credentials under these circumstances,
and so it is possible that Foote may have
won 22 out of the 35. *.
One of th« 3 most remarkable features of
the primary was that each of the leaders
lost in his own ward. Foote and Moffitt
were beaten in the Third; R. M. Fitzger
ald lost the Fitth ; M. J. Laymance only
carried one delegate in the Seventh.
The result in the Thir ) W T ard was rather
surprising, as Frank Moffitt's delegate, W.
B. White, son of Postmaster White, was
defeated by a votaof 197 to 145.
As the result was announced Moffitt an
nounced that it would be contested, and
he desired that the club roll, the ballots
and tally sheets should be carefully pre
served for future use. He said the con
test would be based on affidavits setting
forth that enrolled Democrats had offered
their ballots, which were refused on the
ground that the name had been voted by
others, and that the ballot so cast they
could prove was for McDonald, while the
voter desired to vote for White.
Among the men whose names were
voted was that of W. \V. Foote, the candi
date for the National Democratic Conven
tion. When he was informed that his
name was voted he was wild with rage and
declared that as he had not voted be
would place his ballot in the box, and he
did after he had further aired his views.
"Why, I supposed everybody knew me,"
he declared in his rage. "To think that
any set of election officers could be found
in this ward that would let another vote
my name is outrageous."
The total vote as tallied on the count
was 342, while the books siiowed 351 had
voted. The lack of nine votes was not ex
plained by any of the board. It was said,
however, that forty -five ballots had been
placed in the ballot-box before voting be
gan, and that the tally clerk checked off
that many names as he hud the oppoitu
nity during the day. This would explain
how such well-known names as Foote's
were marked as voted without any one
discovering the fact and interfering.
Another peculiar thing about the con
test in the Third Ward was the intimacy
which had existed between the two oppos
ing candidates. They have been like
brothers up to this time, but as the Eng
lish brothers wanted young White as the
Foote candidate he could not refuse,-as
his father owes his appointment to W. B.
English, so he had to go in and oppose his
best friend.
It was midnight before the returns were
all in, but so great was the interest taken
in the fight by politicians of all faiths that
a large crowd awaited the returns. Al
though Fitzgerald has a large number of
friends and would probably have done
Letter had he not been aided by Daggeit
aiid Irish, he could not survive under the
incul u-.
Another point decided by the result is
that although the Laymance-Foote-Moffitt
faction have lost some of their old-time
support in the city, their strength has in- |
creased in the county.
The great Democratic struggle, which
-: tie has bcoii watching fora month,
is <.ver, and the complimentary banquet
that was to have been given Dageeti in
the event of his success was not men
tioned after the result was known. Ala
roeda County has seen one "clean" Demo
cratic primary and is not anxious for
anotheF.
The results of the poll at Park street
were:
Foote-Lay mauce ticket —A. R. Baum, 149;
SOME TYPES OF THE DEMOCRACY AS SKETCHED AT THE PRIMARY IN ALA3IEDA COUNTY.
George W. Dennis Jr., 157; H. W. Bradley.
150; Fred Wild, 154.
Eitzgerald ticket— Ed B. Owens, 113; T. E.
Brennan, 113; J. G. Croll, 104; John O'Brien,
118.
•
HOW IT WAS DONE
The Great Democratic Struggle In Ala
meda County Fought and Won.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jane s.— The number
of people who drew salaries from the State
to-day, without working for them, and the
mention of the various offices they repre
sented, is a fair indication of the interests
that were involved in to-day's great con
test in Alaroeda County.
It is no longer any use for Superinten
dent Daggett of the Mint to deny that he
is interested in Democratic politics on this
side of the bay. Neither is ie it of any use
for R. M. Fitzgerald to deny that his office
as Prison Director was not used to help
him in figbting W. W. Foote, and, in
cidentally, M. J. Laymance.
Neither will it avail anything for Labor
Commissioner Fitzuerald to assert that he
did not use his official influence in help
ing make his brother's fight.
Ex-Fire Chief Kennedy, who holds down
a stool in the Mint, was one of the busiest
ticket-peddlers in the interest of Robert
Fitzgerald at the Sixth Ward polling
place. George Haggerty, formerly a prom
inent Democrat of the Second Ward, and
now, by the grace of Governor Budd,
storekeeper at San Quentin, was at his ac
customed place at the North Oakland
booth, working might and main for Prison
Director Fitzgerald.
Cleve Dam, assistant Labor Commis
sioner, left his arduous duties in San
Francisco, and put in the day helping the
fight of his chief's brother in the Second
Ward. Several other Mint employes, and
possibly other State Prison employes,
were also in the field.
W.W. Foote, W. B. English, W. D. Eng
lish, Frank J. Moffitt, ex-Sheriff McKilli
can, Postmaster J. J. White and their
numerous followers needea nothing to
disguise their motives, and with their
friends contested every possible point in
every ward in the township. It was a day
of Wood throughout the county. It would
be ludicrous to mention harmony in con
nection with such a struggle. The bitter
est of personal and political feeling pre
vailed, and whenever an opportunity oc
curred to relieve the suppressed feelings of
the combatants by a war of words it was
easily grasped. The in.terioj of some of
the polling-booths, notably in tbje Second,
Third ancTSixth wards, was the scene of
contention and hasty challenging through
out the entire ten" hours the polls were
open.
Tlie late hour— lo o'clock p. m.— at which
the call ordered the primaries to close
created much suspicion in the minds of
those familiar with practical politics in
this county that it was altogether too long
after sunset for the safety of the ballot
boxes, should the local or" imported heel
ersor ward strikers desire to steal them or
stuff them, or create such a disturbance in
the booths that an honest count could not
possibly be made.
The tight of the day was located in the
Third Ward. This is the home of W. W.
Foote, Frank Moffitt and J. J. White. It
was realized early in the campaign that if
Moffitt could not carry his ward for Lay
mance his faction could not confidently
look for much support in the other wards.
Open hostilities commenced last night,
when, at a meeting of the ward com
mitteemeu, the rolls were purged and
more than fifty names were stricken off.
Among those thus treated were J. B.
Uarrington, editor of the Saturday Press,
which has always been known as a Demo
cratic weekly. John H. Delehaniv, another
well-known Demoorat, received like treat
ment. The total enrollment had been 412,
and as the vote for Budd was only 463,
many believed there had been some whole
sale stuffing. The majority of the com
mitteemen present were Fitzgerald men,
and it is claimed by the Laymance faction
that nine-tenths of those" thus stricken
from the roll wese favorable to Foote.
This action on the part of the com
mittee was resented by many Demo
crats, and this morning the following cir
cular, signed by W. B. White, son of the
postmaster, was circulated at every house
[n tiie war.l :
'•To the Third Ward Democrats: A great
political outrage has been committed in
the Third Ward of the city of Oakland
affecting the primary election to be held
there to-day between the hours of 12 and
10 o'clock p. m.
"A majority of the ward committee,
consisting of William Mullins, Patrick
O'Kane, Lawrence Kehoe and F. A.
Fletcher, are responsible for the overt
act. Mr. Fletcher is not a member of the
committee, but held the proxy of John J.
McDonald, my opponent for State dele
gate. Mr. Fletcher was spokesman and j
leader of the four and during the meeting I
was so intense in his antipathy to the in
terest' I desire to represent as to refer to j
W. W. Foote, with whose support I am j
honored, as a 'bulldozer, a bully and a
blackguard.'
-The outrage consisted in striking from
tlie 101 lof voters some lift}' or wore }
names. Doubtless some of them were ;
properly removed, but fully forty of tbem ■
were taken off for no cause other than •
the fact that they were the personal
Democratic friends of W. W. Foote, M. J. ;
Laymance and myself.
"As yon are not among those removed I \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
I want to ask you to go to the polls early to- I
day and cast your vote. I want to solicit j
I your suffrage, not only because I want to i
be elected, but because I would like to see
you place the stamp of disapproval upon
the conduct of Fletcher, Mullins and the
rest. In this connection I want to say
that I favpr for National delegates such
Democrats as. Hon. W. W. Foote, Hon.!
James G. Maguire, Hon. Stephen M. !
I White and men of similar character, and I
never should vote for such men as John
j Dapgett or John P. Irish, who, by the way,
j is the brother-in-law of Fletcher, who con- .
I ceived and conducted last evening's out
! rage."
Another clash occurred in the Second
i Ward. This is the home of Cleve Dam,
Sheriff McKillican and for to-day, at
j least, of George Ha gertyof San Quentin.
There were over 400 names of Democrats
and others on the roll last night before the
committee met. When it adjourned
the number was nearer 300. Here again
the Laymance men claimed that they
were discriminated against. Of the seven
committeemen six were favorable to i-'itz
gerald, and so whatever purging was done
certainly would not be in the interests of
Foote and Laymance.
One of the "most active fighters in this
I ward was Leo Parke. During the admin
istration of Alex Rosborouuh, Parke was
his chief deputy. Rosborougn's campaign
was made and won by Frank Moffitt, and
up to a few weeks ago it was thought that
• Leo Parke could be counted among his
j most earnest supporters. Things occurred
in the Tax Collector's office which were
never made public, but which required
considerable straightening out. Moffitt
did the straightening and everything went
smoothly, lie thought by so doing that
he merited the eternal gratitude of Parke,
and was surprised recently to find that the
ex-deputy was working against him tootii
and nail. The next day Parke was dis
missed from his situation, having been in
the employ of one of Moffitt's closest
friends. He attributed his dismissal to
j his fealty to Fitzgerald, and Frank Moffitt i
does not deny it, but says that if Parke j
I has as much horse sense as he is credited
j with, he will do ho more talking. To-day
. Parke was trying to get even on his late
! political master by doing all he could to
j defeat him in the Second Ward.
The Fourth Ward was helped from
j across the bay. On the train that arrived j
at Market street just before noon a dele
gation of hard-looking, though moderately
I well-dressed men were passengers as fa"r
| as Market street. There they alighted and
i were taken in hand by some one who
j seemed to expect them. They repaired to
a saloon and emerged a few minutes later,
prepared to do some clean politics, as they
are understood in Oakland. Foote's
friends declared that this and other con
tingents were colonized in the neighbor
hood of the Mint, while Fitzgerald's sup
! porters declared that they owed their
allegiance to Christopher "Buckley, and !
I had been sent ever here to help kill Dag- I
I gett's influence in this county.
Market-street station is equally handy
to both the Third and Fourth wards, and
the most reasonable conclusion is that
after voting in both wards they went from
there to the various polling-booths in the
city, and returned to San Francisco with
out telling anybody their business. They
were of that class that does not talk much,
j but who wear their hats a little on one
' side and commune with each other by the ,
aid of their eyes and eyelids.
There is always a pol tical fight in the j
■ Sixth W T ard. It thrives on it, and to-day >
| was no exception. If it were not for the
i fact that the ballots were headed with the
j word "Democratic" the casual visitor
I would have thought that it was the same
old crowd seen at past Republican pri
i maries. Around the Galindo Hotel, in
I which was located the booth, were some
i of the hardest cnaracters ever seen outside
j of the County Jail. In this ward there.
; are six employes of the Mint. One of j
them is James .F. Kennedy, and he was
one of the most prominent workers in the
j Fitzgerald army. If the other men from |
I the Mint were working over here they were !
l-doing so covertly, for they were not in j
evidence around the polling-booth until j
evening, by which time they could posgi- I
bly have crossed from their day's labor in
malting Uncle Sam's money.
But for the presence of the men offering
j ballots to passers-by there was nothing in
: the Fifth Ward to indicate that any strug
! gle was in progress. Both of the Eng
j lishes and Robert Fitzgerald live in this !
I ward, and it was expected that the fight !
there would be very bitter. This was not j
the case, and voters came in very slowly.
The First Ward was almost aa quiet. I
When the polls had been open for three
hours only ten ballots were in the box,
and very little interest was manifested.
The Seventh Ward is the bailiwick of M.
J. Laymance, and although a heavy vote
was cast, it was conceded from the begin- j
ning that Laymance would curry his own
| ward, and everything passed off very
quietly.
If the personal feeling existing between j
! the leaders of the two factions were not so |
I generally known it might have been |
thought that the present contest had j
been carefully prepared for the purpose of
giving Democracy a boom. Such, of i
I course, is not the case, and the eyes of the j
Democracy of the whole State have been I
turned toward Alameda County for the j
past two months. The contest has called j
attention to the fact that a majority of the J
most prominent Democrats in California, '
and a large percentage of the office-hold
| ers under the Federal Government, reside
on this side of the bay. Nearly every body
interested in the fight just ended, with the
exception of John Daggett, resides in Oak
land. This being so, the impression has
been created that there has been a great
revival and many conversions in" the
Democratic cause. Snch, however, is not
true. There are fewer Democrats in Ala
meda County to-day than there were two
years aeo, but those that are left have
taken advantage of every opportunity to
attract attention to themselves, but this
has not in an/ way added to the popu
larity of the Jeffersonian doctrines in this
county.
♦
BERKELEY PRIMARIES.
Feeling; Ran High and Caused One of
the Liveliest Times on
Record.
BERKELEY, Cal., June s.— The re
turns from the Democratic primary elec
tion held in Oakland Township to-day
showed a victory for Laymance. The feel
ing Between the two factions was very
evident, and caused, one of the liveliest
times on record.
The vote by ticket from the various
polling places is as follows:
West Berkeley— Laymance, 155; Fltreerald,
56.
Berkeley— Laymance, 121; Fitzgerald, 109.
Golden Gate— Laymance, 36; Fitzgerald, 99.
Temescal— Laymance, 132; Fitzgerald, 149.
The Fitzgerald ticket had the following i
delegates:
From Berkeley— E. L. Fitzgerald and E. J.
Stewart.
West Berkeley, William Curtis.
Golden Gate, John T. Doyle.
Temescal, John Cavanagh.
The Foote and Laymance delegates
were:
Ber«eley, Frank E. Armstrong and D. H. j
Erve.
West Berkeley, D. Newell.
Golden Gate, D. A. Landregan.
Temescal, J. J. O'Rourke.
Murray Defeats Fitzgerald.
LIVERMORE, Cal., June s.— Returns
from Dublin, Altamnnt and Pleasanton
show a victory for Laymance in Murray
Township. Only Corral Hollow is yet to
bo heard from, and it cannot alter the !
result. The successful delegates are:
Thomas Scott and Philip Kolb. Only in I
the Pleasanton Precinct did Fitzgerald's i
man get second place, but this was easily j
overcome.
Eden for Laymauce.
HAYW ARDS, Cal., June s.— One of the !
livell st primaries held here by the Demo- !
crats was that of to-clay. Eden Township j
will send a Laymance-Foote delegation to !
the State Convention. Both here and at '
San Leandro C. W. Hager, E.J.Holland;
and F. Meyers were elected by an averaee '
majority of about 40 votes out of about 350 '
cast for both factions.
AV:i rli in gton for Foote.
CENTERVILLE, Cal., June s.— The
primaries here were spirited throughout, :
but when the votes were counted, it was
found that the Foote-Laymancc ticket had
carried in Washington Township by a
majority of about forty. H. Dusterberry j
and H. Cowell will go to Sacramento.
Foote Captures Brooklj-n.
BROOKLYN, Cal., Juno 5. — There was
only one delegate elected to the Demo
cratic State Convention to-day. The suc
cesaful ticket was that of Foote-Laymance,
and the delegate is E. S. Lund.
BURIED WITH HONORS.
Pioneers and Friends Assemble to Pay j
Their Respect 9to Chauncey
Taylor's Memory.
OAKLAND, Cal,, June s.— The last sad
tribute was paid to the memory of the i
late Chauncey Taylor this morning by a
large gathering of Pioneers and old
friends when they assembled to attend
his funeral. There was an abundance of
floral decorations sent by those who had
known him in life. #
The services were conducted by Revs.
Benjamin Akeriy and Floyd J. Mynard of j
St. John's Episcopal Church. Appropri- i
ate music was rendered by a quartet con- j
sisting of Alfred Wilkie, E. E. Brangs. H. ■
A. Melvin and G. H. Carleton. They
opened with "Lead, Kindly Light," and
during the service Alfred Wilkie ren
dered" the solo "Come. Ye Disconsolate,"
and the quartet, "Abide With Me."
The honorary pall-bearers were: D.
Ilenshaw Ward, Professor Soule, J. West
Martin, Charles D. Haven. Edward T. Hen
shaw, George B. Merrill, Horace Hill, J. C. j
W, Hlieppard and Professor Hesse. The I
regular pall-bearers were selected from !
aruontr tho employes of Taylor <fe Co. and !
were: W. P. Sl.anly, Jose Joseph, L. John- I
son, Joseph Wiliiams, Frank Katzenburg !
and Georee Wndell.
Of the Pioneers tliere were: J. F. Pink- j
ham (marshal), Charles Elsey, L. A. ]
Booth, T. L. Barker, Newton Benedict, H. I
B. Livinctton, R. E. Turner, Howard
Havens H. T. Graves, Captain Simpson,
Captain Nelson, Colonel W. 0. Little, W. W.
Dodge, Thomas Prather, Judge F. H. Hen- j
shaw, William G. Heushaw. Edson F. j
Adams, Rudolph Herold, William B. J
Hamilton, A. T. Vogelsang, T. O. Bartlett, i
W. W. Hoog, G. W. Fiaher, Arthur Brown j
and others.^
POLITICS OUTLINED
FOR ENDEAVORERS,
Heartily Indorse a Platform
for the Coming Cam
paign.
SILVER AND SUFFRAGE.
They Will Work With the Old
Parties and Not Start a
New One. .
IMPORTANCE OF P&IMARIES.
New Ideas Advanced Regarding the
Enfranchisement of
Women.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway,- June 5. )
The Christian Endeavorers have taKen
their first lesson in politics, preparatory to
entering the coming campaign as intelli
gent citizens.
Giles H. Gray of the National Municipal
League and ex-president of the Oakland
Municipal League has outlined very clearly
the length to which an Endeavorer may
go in his avocation as a good citizen. At
the first rally held last night at the First
Presbyterian Church he outlined what is
really the platform on which the organ
ization will stand and make itself felt in
the campaign.
After a detailed account of the workings
of politics from caucus through primaries,
county ana State conventions to nomina
tions and elections he closed with the
declaration of principles which will stand
as a guide for years to come. He said:
The Christian Endeavor societies cau gather
and disseminate Information upon the politi
cal questions of the day. They can procure
and stim ulate discussion of the topics wnich
should interest voters. They can find some
of our educated citizens and induce them to
explain to those of us who have not the time
and ability to gather the information neces
sary to understand what is meant by tariff for
protection and tariff for revenue. What is the
silver question, or free coinage of silver, or
silver 16 to 1? What is equal suffrage? What
is prohibition? Wny is it best to support the
Republican party at the coming election?
and various other subjects which will enable
the voter, who desires to vote so, to vote as a
good citizen should.
These are questions and subjects upon which
every voter in California should be informed
before the next election, and this Is the infor
mation which every good citizen would like to
have.
In municipal elections the question of tariff,
free silver, suffrage or tbe like, which tend to
form State or National parties, need not be
considered, and the preference of candidates
is often based upon local issues, and then the
personal character or the personal popularity
of the candidates can be safely taken as a guide
for the voter; but in all Siate and National
elections the vote should be for the candidate
representing the principles or platform which
the voter believes to be right and best for the
general good of the State or United States.
The most popular man is not always the man
who will support the principles of government
which will bring the greatest prosperity to the
people.
The citizen upon whom vhe right to vote is
cast is under obligations to qualify himstlf to
vote intelligently and to inform himself upon
the political issues of the times, so that he can
vote correctly, and for the best good of his
fellow-citizens who cannot vote, and for whom
he is intrusted to cast tbe ballot; and it is his
duty and obligation to give as much time and i
labor to the subject as may be necessary to
perform his duty as a good citizen. The vote
is a trust which must be performed to the best
of the voter's ability. Competency h»s noth
ing to do with the obligation to vote; rnanv a
boy of 18 is better qualified to vote intelli
gently than many voters tit 40, but the obliga
tion is not cast uponjhim.
If hereafter tlie law should be changed and
both male and female citizens are made voters,
the same obligation will be placed upon the
woman citizen, and she, as a good citizen, will
be obliged to assume the ddty, and will not be
at liberty to neglect it any more than the male
voters should <lo so now.
If the law says woman may vote, she must
vote, and no! only must she vote, but she must
acquaint herself with public questions and be
prepared to vote upon them independently
and intelligently. We have already too many
selfish, inalflerent and unintelligent voters;
too many men who might exercise a great in
fluence on the votes ot others, but who never
vote.
But then, if the women engage in politics,
primary elections and political conventions,
who will care for the work which they are now
doing so acceptably? Who will care for the
family, the home, tne schools, the church, the
Christian Endeavor societies and social func
tions? Are thes-e to be neglected or abandoned
by women?
Whoever are intrusted with the ba.'lot, they
should exercise the trust; every voter, male
or female, should be compelled to vote, both at
the primaries and at the elections. In other
mutters, trustees are compelled to execute
their trusts, and as every voter is » trustee of
the vote of a large number of citizens and
others who cannot vote he or she should not
by allowed to neglect his or her trust. Every
vote not deposited is lost, and by its absence,
the opposition Is strengthened, and non-voters
are deprived of their right of representation,
just the same as if their nroperty had been
destroyed.
In State or National politics do not attempt
to form a new political party under the
auspices of the Christian Endeavor, nor make
a ticket by selecting men from each of the ex
isting party nominations. Rather instruct the
voter so that he can vote intelligently, and let
him vote according to his own judgment and
conscience.
The Christian Endeavor societies have done
good work on similar lines; they have aided
to procure the purity of election laws, the
closing of poolrooms and gambling places,
the closing on Sunday of saloons in some places,
the prohibition of the sale of tobacco to
minors, and now why not take hold of the
matter of election?
The great danger is that the vote of the bet
ter element among the voters, and which the
Christian Endeavorers are likely to roach, will
divide themselves up into small parties, such
as local option, Sunday closing, high licenses,
etc., each representing some new reform or
ism, and eticli calling itself a party and as
suming a dittlDCt name, and neither com
mandlnc votes sufficient to elect anybody, and
by withdrawing votes from the main and
stronger parlies fail in all good efforts.
The baser element among the voters are sure
to unite and vote blindly in one direction, as
the bosses should dictate, and in that manner
defeat the divided strength of tueiropponents.
In union there is strength, and tne bosses
know it, and our good citizens often forget it.
Now this being so, what are the Christian
Endeavorers to do ? President Clark of the
Twelfth International Christian Endeavor
Convention, held itt Montreal in July, 1893,
told tlie Endeavorers what to do in the follow
ing words: "Cultivate a larger and more in
telligent spirit of patriotism and Christian
citizenship."
• How shall this be done? By Joining, as a
society, some one political party? Not unless
we know some party that embraces all the
saints and none of the rascals; or that is al
ways right and never wrong. But whether
you are a Democrat or a Republican, or a
third party man or a Populist, it can be done
by bringing your vote and your influence to
the tost of the Christian Endeavor pledge.
You have promised in that to do whatever
he (God) would like to have you do; then vote
as he would like to hr.ye you vote; then you
will not knowingly vote fora bad man or a
bad measure, and if need be you will sacrifice
your party rather than your principle.
When politicians realize that men of princi
ple are watching their nominations they will
not dare to put up a bad man for your suffrage,
for they will realize thot there is a new moral
force in this country that must be reckoned
with. Go to the primaries of your party and
take your Christian Endeavor pledge with you.
Go to the caucus, get into the Legislature;
stand Jor Congress; but when you get there,
for God and church and your country, do what
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Sales
GROCERIES SALE.
J. C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER,
Office 601 California st., cor. of Kearny. ,
WILL SELL, THIS 1 DAY,
Saturday Juno 6, 1896
Commencing at 11 a. m., oh the premises, 1
2201 Fifteenth st., Cor. of Noe.
A Fine stock of staple and Fancy
Groceries, Wines, Liquors, ~ ".'''''■'•
Cigars, etc.
* Take Castro-street cars.
Also the fixtures, including a fine cash register,
scales, I etc. Everything is new and fresh and
nothing will be reserved or limited.
J. C. MUTHKK, Auotloneer.
NEW OAK FURSITURE.
THIS DAY AT 3 P. M.
405 "VAN NESS AVB.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery St.
he would like to have you do— strike always
for good citizenship.
THE VISITORS WIN.
Basket Ball Create'a Much Enthusiasm
at Y. M. C. A.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 5-— The San
Francisco Rusbers and the Oakland Rub
bers played the liveliest game of basket
ball at the local Y. M. C. A. gymnasium
that has been, seen in this city, last night.
The former won with a score of 6 to 3, but
had their hands full all the time. The
vantage was in the accurate throwing of
the visitors. The best work in this line
was done by Captain Klasman and
Fleischer, they making five of the six
goals scored. The teams lined up as
follows :
Oakland— Bock, rf. ; Tullett and Muller, If.;
J. R. Lancaster, re; Walter Rhode, lc. ; Joseph
Lancaster, c. ; Williams, rg. ; West, lg.
San Francisco— Spacher, rf.; Klarman, If.;
Krieger and Marchant, re; Shaw, lc. ;
Fleischer, c. ; Mitchell, rg. ; Hanrahan, lg.
Dr. H. L. Dietz and Alfred T. Brock
umpired, F. W. Edwards and L. Eldridge
timed and Andrew Armstrong scored.
NO POSTMASTER NAMED.
Speculation as to the Cause of
the Delay in Wash
ington.
Want the Charter Changed — Lord
Kelvin's Anniversary — A
Concert.
BERKELEY, Cal., June s.— The several
aspirants for the office of Postmaster of the
town of Berkeley are becoming »ccu3
tomed to a condition of suspense, as two
months have passed since the expiration
of Postmaster's McCarthy's term, and no
word has been received from Washington.
Ten days or so ago a dispatch was re
ceived, however, which led the office-seek
ers to believe that the new appointment
or the reappointment of McCarthy would
take place about June 1, but the President
has withheld his decision, and so the seek
ers after the political place are learning
well the lesson of patience.
It is said that the reason for the long de
lay in the matter is that there has been
such a vast accumulation of documents in
the case that the Washington officials
have not yet completed their work. Dur
ing the heat of the fight for the place,
when there were six or more candidates,
petitions by the wholesale were prepared
and sent to the President. Some of the
candidates are said to have sworn to affi
davits charging the others with various
shortcomings, which showed their unfit
ness to assume charge of the local
mail department. It is believed that it is
this confusion of such documents which
has caused the long delay in making an
appointment.
Didn't Pay Their Debts.
BERKELEY, Cal., June s.— The class
of '98 at 4he State University has brought
itself into disrepute among certain busi
ness firms who sold them goods and fur
nished them with wagons and parapher
nalia for their Bourdon celebration over a
year ago. Some of these debts have not
yet been paid, and it is understood that
they amount to about $75 in all. W. H.
Parrish, an Oakland drayman, and the
California Fireworks Company are the
heaviest debtors. These firms have made
repeated requests for the moneys due
them, but without avail.
Finally the matter of collection was put
into the hands of a Mrs. Bailey, and after
futile attempts to realize on the debts she
wrote a letter to President Kellogg asking
that he see that the obligations were met.
The class during the sophomore year
made several attempts at raising money to
meet the demands, but not more than one
fourth enough wa3 raised. They first at
tempted a circus scheme, but it failed.
Then they levied an assessment, but to
but little purpose. Those to whom the
class are indebted seem to have lost pa
tience, and now the facts regarding their
delinquency have become public property.
Want the Charter Changed.
BERKELEY, Cal., June s.— Several
members of the West Berkeley Progressive
Club have started a movement having for
its object the amendment of three sections
of the new charter of the town.
The most important change suggested is
one by which each of the Trustees would
be voted upon by the entire town instead
of, as now, each member of the Town
Boaid being elected by the voters of his
own ward alone. Other changes are to
make the offices of Town Attorney, Town
Engineer and Superintendent of Streets
elective instead of appointive offices, and
to reduce the terms of all officers from
four to two years.
The leaders of the agitation for the
amendments in question are George
Schmidt, ex-Trustee Hadlen and ex-
Trustee Acton.
It is said that a petition for the changes
in the charter will be circulated and pre
sented to the Town Trustees bo that tne
matter may be voted upon at the
next election. If the proposition should
carry in Berkeley the State Legislature
might alter the charter during the session
of next January.
Concert by the Blind.
BERKELEY, Cal., Junes.— The annual
concert of the California Institute for the
Deaf and Dumb and Blina was held this
evening in the auditorium of the school.
The hall was crowded to the doors with a
fashionable audience from musical and
society circles on both sides of the bay.
The features of the evening were the per
formances of Miss Gussie Mast and Miss
Lily Smith. Miss Ma3t rendered a piano
solo and organ solo and a soprano solo,
besides singing tne chorus. The encores
were many and prolonged. Following was
the piograrame as rendered:
Chorus; piano solo, Miss Lily Smith; so
prano solo, Miss Mary Eastman; organ solo,
Master Thomas Morrison; piano duet, Miss
Lena Erickson and Master diaries Caceres;
piano solo. Miss Gussie Mast: chorus; piano
quartet. Misses Young and Stollberg, Masters
Barkhausen and Bacigalupi; soprano solo.
Miss Gussie Mast; organ solo. Miss Lily Smith*;
piano solo, Master Thomas Morrison ; bass solo.
Master August Barkhausen ; orgau solo, Miss
Gussie Mast; chorus.
Lord Kelvin's Anniversary.
BERKELEY, Cal.. June s.— Much in
terest is taken in Berkeley and especially
in college circles in the celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of Lord Kelvin to be
held next Monday evening in the Acad
emy of Sciences, San Francisco. The oc
casion is one corresponding with the Lord
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneer*). 31 anil 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE. MAIN, 518 L
THIS DAY.
Saturday June 6, 1890
At 10 o'clock a. m at 8(ile»room, we will sell
A large line of Bar Counters, Store Tables, Plate-
ulass Swinging Doors, 300 Enameled saucepans
and a fine line of New and Second-band Furni-
ture, Bedding, Carpets, Oil Paintings, Folding
Beds, 20 Ranges, etc. -
KIAVAKD S. bPEAB & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
AUCTM_SALE!
3s?s £?§ **& j£sS
MONDAY, JUNE 8, 11 A. M.
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
WE Wri.L SELL
Sixty head of broke and unbroken Horses: 1
Matched Driving Team: 1 Black Standard-bred
Koad Horse: 1 Black Business Horse; 1 fast Pacer,
Holano Boy, with flue Koad Buggy and Harness;
8 Canopy-Top surreys; 1 Extension- Top Rock-
aways: & Phaetons: 7 Spring Wagons; 6 Carts: 8
Open and Top Bungles: 30 sets Doub.e ami Single
Harness; Sa.idlps. etc.
BUX.LIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Kelvin's jubilee, which will be held at
Glasgow on the 15th inst. in honor of the
noted scientist, who is better kno wn by
his name of Sir William Thompson.
The programme for Monday evening in
cludes a number of speeches by represen
tatives of the University of California,
Stanford Unjvemty, Academy of Science*,
Astronomical Society and Technical So
ciety.
Berkeley will be represented by Profes
sor Frederick Slate, who will speaK on
"Lord Kelvin's Contributions to Physical
Science." Professor Hussey of the Lick
Observatory will appear for the Astronom
ical Society. Other speakers will be Pro
fessor Ailerdin of Stanford, George \V.
Dickie, mannger of the Union Iron
Works, C. J. W. -Richards of the Techni
cal Society. Dr. David Starr Jordan will
preside.
THE EXPOSITION.
Superintendent Craigie Sharp Will
Open Hl9 Office Mon
day.
OAKLAND, Cal, June s.— The interest
in the coming exposition, which is to be
held from August 3, is shown in the at
tendance at the regular weekly meetings
of the directorate, when every one in the
city attends regularly. Craigie Sharp, who
held the position so successfully last year,
has again been appointed superintendent,
and he will open his office in the Exposi
tion building next Monday, where he can
be found from 10 a. m. to 1 p. M. daily
thereafter
A high board fence will be erected around
the ground within a few days and work
for beautifying the grounds will be pushed.
It has been decided to charge 25 cents
per square foot for choice locations in the
building and a reduced rate for other por
tions.
• — ♦ ' ■»
AN ELECTRIC MOTOR.
Laundry Farm Railroad Substitutes One
for the Locomotive.
OAKLAND, Cal., June s.— The Laundry
Farm Railroad begins operation to-morrow
as an electric line, and substitutes an
electric motor for its locomotive. Toe
trains will run from the tidal canal bridge
at Park street, every half hour. The trip
will be made in twenty-live minutes, and
will cost that many cents for a round trip,
including the local car fare on the Ala
meda and Oakland-street car line to either
of those cities.
■ « » « ■
HISTORY OF A DAY
Alameda County Happening* Told la
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 5. j
The Union Presbyterian Sunday-school will
picnic at Haywards Park next Saturday.
The County Political Equality Club will hold
an educational suffrage convention June 12
and 13.
Seventeen men of old Company G, N. Q. C.
of Alameda were admitted to Company Aof
Oakland last night.
Frank Watson, a violent lunatic who was
brought down from Niles. was examined to
day and committed to Ukiah.
The Reliance* Gun C}ub will open its new
trap-shooting grounds avthe south end of the
Webster-street bridge on Saturday next with s
series of matches.
The Sunday-school of the First Christian
Church will go on an excursion and picnic to
morrow to Sunset Park. There will be no
service to-morrow evening at the church.
Lee Hill McDaniel, a young man of 28, who
came here from Oregon, has been committed
to the Ukiah asylum. He thinks he is wanted
by the police for burning his father's barn.
The anniversary exercises at the Institution
for the Deaf and Blind will be held In the As
sembly Hall, Tuesday afternoon next, at 2
o'clock. The programme prepared is more
than usually interesting.
The Board of Works as street-opening com
missioners have filed their report for the ex
tension of Twenty-fourth avenue to the city
limits, a distance 56 feet long by 50 feet wide.
The total expense of the opening is $1710.
At Upper Fruitvale Hall to-morrow evening
there will be given by the California Mandolin
Club an entertainment consisting of musical
specialties, quartet singing and numbers by
the club. An amusing afterpiece has been
arranged. Dancing will follow the evening's
entertainment.
• — ♦ m
Crooks for Trustee.
HAYWARDS, Cal., June 5.— J. E. Crooks was
the successful candidate at the election for
School Trustee to-day. His opponent only
polled seven votes out oi ninety.
icfifit-
A smart Broadway, New
/ A York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his ; clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular '•■
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
/* r ~%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
mlf»inW <;> *** Kr -ABN V MT. Established
■fif^H^fn I»s4forthetreHtinentof Private
B^IAtBOM Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' 9^ffi|H<li"'aj'' wearing on bodyand mind and
! wjfl y| Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
HH^K others fail. Try him. Charges low.
■■ 7Mf>TlimViiTilni I'nrn r uni iil Call or writ*.
I>r. J. ft. uIBBO.V Box I» 37, San rranciaca
1314
GARCELON TRUST
IS SUSTAINED,
United States Judge Haw
ley Decides the Deeds
Are Valid.
END OF A FAMOUS SUIT.
An Oakland Hospital and Bow
doin College the Principal
Beneficiaries.
VAIN EFFORT OF TWO NEPHEWS
The Eccentric Oakland Widow's
Wishes to Be Carried Out.
She Was of Sound Mind.
The famous Garcelon trust was declared
T»lid by Judge Hawley yesterday. The
decision covers fifty closely type-written
paces, every detail of the case being care
fully gone into and sifted to the bottom.
The litigation involved $1,250,000, the
principal losers being James P. and Fred
erick A. Merritt, nephews of the late Dr.
Merntt of Oakland. Mrs. Garcelon, as
the sister of the latter, inherited his prop
erty and at tbe time of her death, Decem
ber, 1891, was considered tbe richest wo
man in Oakland. She deeded Bowdoin
College $400,000 and also put aside $600,
-000 to found a hospital in Oakland. The
relations of the deceased sought to annul
the deeds on thre- grounds ; first that it was
created to evade the State statute permit
ting only one-third of an estate to b. given
to charity by will; second, that Mrs. Garce
lon was not in her right mind when the
trust was created; third, that she was un
duly influence by the trustees, John A.
Stanley and Stephen W. Purrington.
Judge Hawley consumed two hours in
dehveiing the opinion, which is in part as
follows:
The main question for decision ,was whether
a decree should be given against James P.
Merritt, Cfliherine M. Garcelon, next of kin;
against Harry P. Merritt, her residuary devisee
and legatee, and against George W. Reed, her
administrator, deelfring valid a deed of real
estate of the value of $750,000, and a convey
ance of personal property 01 the value 01 $500,
-000.
To arrive at a proper solution of this ques
tion it will be necessary, among other things,
to determine, first, whether the conveyances
■were executed in violation of section '1313 of
the Civil Code of California, which makes void
any attempt of a person to give by will more
than one-third of his estate to charitable pur
poses; second, whether Catherine M. Garceion
had the mental capacity to comprehend the
character and extent of her property and to
make the conveyance; third, whether the
conveyances were obtained from her by undue
influence or fraud.
.It will become necessary in reviewing the
questions of fact to consider all the circum
stances and surroundings of the respective
parties. Tne testimony of the witnesses covered
a wide range and opened a broad field for the
study of human nature in all of its phases and
essential characteristics. The reasons for the
conclusions reached by the court cannot very
well be crystallized by brevity of expression
into the limited space of an ordinary judicial
opinion. Many ot the minor details of the evi
dence will not be noticed at all. Others will
only be generally stated. It will, however, be
essential to reier in a review upon the. most
important questions to tne lives, history and
character 01 some of tne persons who figure so
prominently in the transactions involved in
this litigation.
• * * It is proper to state that the wit
nesses were, as a rule, intelligent, many of
them being people of extensive businef> expe
rience and knowledge, men and women of
probity and strength of character. Many of
them were the relatives or the close friends of
the family of Dr. Merritt or Mrs. Garcelon and
frequent visitors at their Home. Their char
acter and credibility, with two or three excep
tions, were unimpeached and stand unques
tioned. M*ny of the witnesses who appeared
on behalf of ihe- defendants were more or less,
in personal feeling at least, interested in the
result of this litigation. Several of them had
not received as much from Mrs. Garcelon as
they expected. Some of the \\ itne«sos who ap
puared on behalf of the complainants were
also beneficiaries in the trust and were satis
fied with what they had received and felt
grateful for the kind remembrances of Mrs.
Garcelon. The interested feeling of many of
the witnesses was plainly discernible by the
court, and in several instances human nature
plainly manifested itself.
Judge Hawley here read section 1313 of
the Civil Code of California, after which
he continued:
The defendant's contention is thftt docu
ments in question were ambulatory, revocable
at the will and pleasure of Mrs. Garcelon dur
ing her lift, and that it was not intended they
should take effect, *o far as sne was concerned,
tin til af lor her death, and that these condi
tions make the document a will and not a
deed. • • • The statute in question does
not apply to every disposition of property; it
is evident from a careful reading of its provi
sions that it is limited in its application to
"devises or bequests" of property by will. It
does not apply to deods. Every person having
the mental capacity und being free from debts
and personal obligations, has the unques
tioned right to convey and dispose of his
property by deed as he pleases, and his acts in
so doing cannot be set aside if the transaction
in free from fraud and undue influence.
The court then reviewed the contention
of the defendants that the intention of the
parties was to make a will, and that the
documents were put into the form of a
trust deed for the express purpose of
evading section 1313. This argument was
sought to be upheld on the grounds,
among others, that Mrs. Garcelon after the
signing of the papers continued through
her agent to manage the property, and at
all times treated it as her own, and that
she often spoke of the documents in ques
tion as her will. Judge Hawiey held that
the document in question was a deed, and
had been delivered to the trustees as suci:.
It was claimed by the complainants thai
tbe deed of trust only contained a limited
power of revocation. He continued :
Conceding, for the purposes of this opinion,
that the revocation does apply to the chanties,
it does not destroy the character of the docu
ment as a deed. lor no revocation was ever
made. * • * It is true that Mrs. Garcelon's
idea at the inception was to make a will,
but when the matter was fully explained to
her she directed that the disposition of her
property should be made by deed. It is also
true that Mrs. Garcelon during her life time
spoke of the trust papers as her will. * ♦ •
My conclusion is thai the instruments were r.ot
executed In iraud or in violation of the
Biatuies. Thet the disposition of the property
lor charittible purposes was by deed, which is
not prohibited by any of the provisions of the
code.
Judge Hawley held that while Mrs. Gar
celon was weak physically, she was of
sound mind a:id perfectly capable of mak
ing the conveyance in question. The court
referred to Stephen W. Pumngton as a
"crusty, penurious old bachelor. A
trusted friend and an honest man."
In order, Judge Hawley reviewed the
different characters in the great contest,
closing his decision as follows:
She fully understood their contents and her
execution of them was her own free and volun
tary act. It wag her deed. Her declaration oi
trust. * * * In all things she meant to do
right. She did her best. Who, under the cir
cumstances, even In perfect health, could have
done better?
Complainants are entitled to a decree against
all of the defendants and to recover costs
against all except es to ihe defendants who in
their answ-rs disclaimed having any interest
herein, and Frederick A. Merritt.
They Were Diacharged.
Theodore Witts, Douglas Willis ani Edward
Cross, three of the six young men arrested
Thursday evening charged with insulting
ladies passing along the sidewalk were dis
charged by Police Judge Conlan yesterday
morning. For some time the residents In the
vicinity of Webster and Herrmann streets have
been complaining that gangs of young fellows
about 17 and 18 years old have been in the
habit of congregating on the street corners at
night and making walking nuisances of them
selves, and the arrests were the result of a raid
by police officers in plain clothe. Witts, Willis
and Cross seem to have been innocent of the
charges.
ELDER'S SALARY PAID.
Superintendent of Streets Ash worth
Signs the Inspector of Sidewalks'
Warrant.
The anticipated legal battle between
Superintendent of Streets Ash worth and
Inspector of Sidewalks George W. Elder
over the payment of the latter' salary is
no longer on the cards, for Ashworth has
signed the disputed warrant, and Elder is
jingling the coin. Ashworth evidently
saw from the manner in which other City
officials viewed his action that his posi
tion was untenable after having signed
Elder's predecessors' warrants for several
years, and got out of the matter as grace
fully as possible by putting his signature
where it was most needed.
"This will save me an attorney fee," said
Elder, as he presented his warrant to the
Treasurer, "for if he had not signed I
would have had Ashworth in court on
Monday."
• » >
OLD AND NEW DEESSES.
Mrs. Anzerais-floTle's Dressmaker Sues
for Money Dae Her.
Mrs. Lucy W. Auzerais-Hoyte of local
histrionic fame was yesterday sued by her
dressmaker, Mile. A. Truffert, for a matter
of $419 25, balance due for goods furnished
and services rendered since September 10,
1895.
That ladies of wealth sometimes resort
to the device of making new dresses out of
old ones is evidenced by the itemized bill
submitted in the complaint. There are
several charges for making over worn and
cleaned garments. The expense-account
items run all the way from 50 cents for
bottle of syrup of grenadine to $120 for an
imported dress.
Following is the full bill presented:
Neck- trimming, $3; making green satin
skirt, furnishing velvet, etc., $8 75; on*" im
ported waist, $30; making and lining of black
dress and gray dress, $80; one wrapper, $45:
one imported dress, $1:20; one bottle syrup
grenadine, 50 cents; white satin to be dyed
pink and waist cleaned, $2 50; seven gores of
satin and eleven small pieces and belt, $1 50;
pink moire skirt, front of embroidery, puffs
and draping oi waist, etc., $7; one bot
tle syrup grenadine. 50 cents; one white
mull dress and making of a silk
underdress with silk which had been
cleaned by i Mr. Thomas, $55; one black
silk dress with yoke of lace over white silk,
$(35; making a ball dress with Mrs. Hoyte's
cleaned pink satin and pink mull furnishings, |
plain satin {.ad flowers, $40; one bottle syrup
grenadine, oO cents; changing trimmings of
white mull dress for flowers and ribbons,
$5 75; three boxes, $3; one yellow silk dress
with lace, ribbons and Mexican jacket 01 lace,
$75; one bottle grenadine, 50 cents; one box,
$1; white satin ribbon and gimp lor blouse, no
charge for making, $4; satin and lace for col
lar for yellow dress, $3 25; one bottle grena
dine, 50 cents. Total, $519 -5. Against this
there is a credit of $100 paid by a promissory
note.
» m
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTF.L>
-Dr Stephen, Petaluma H Block, Lou Angeles
J F Clapp, Chicago X W Hebard, Cal
G D Downer, Fe.ton Dr Dlerssen, Sacramento
Dr C W A by, Sltka C P Ryer. Cal
J A Haskell. Cal M Mueruch, Va City
A G .Hrean, Bos: on G E Mayo <& f. Utah
S J Ring, Portland Miss E Ring, Vallejo
Miss I Ring, Vallejo Mrs E E Adams, Sacto
R X Adams, Sacramento F B Jack, San L Obispo
J H Colerick. Los Aug A Lothian. Los Angeles
J G Darden, Ohio J D Mulvehill, N V
N E Bunker & w, Ca> Mrs J P Abbott, Antioch
Mrs nose, San; a Clara F Mason, Sacramento
W P Butler, Chicago W is Peck & w, sta Cruz
W E Davis, Madera E C Culp, Cleveland
P L Hobb, Cleveland A J Weaiherhead, Ohio
G W Willtams,Palo Alto J C de la Tice, Cal
R L Quaille, Mass Mrs X.M Kuhn, Mass
P J Harkins, Holyoke Miss G M Harkins. Mass
J A Jackman&w. Austin F D Smith & w, Novato
J R Whitake Valiejo L Antler, Denver
C X Sacramento H A McCraney, sacto
X F Duden, Sacramento
LICK HOUSE.
Silas Carle, Sacramento Dr I H Phillips, Cal
C F Pawlicke, Cal P J McCormick, Los Ang
M S Rose <k s. Fowler D E Knishi, Marysvllle
W E Duncan Sr.Oroville Mrs G G Brings, Davis
W D Tupper, Fresno D M Adams, Visalia
Miss Carsten, Fresno Miss Kauffman, Fresno
Mrs J B Brockenbrough, J B Brockenbrough, Los
Los Angeles Angeles
Jas Spiers, Cal A E King, Tulare
Miss Jennie King, Tulare Geo Parrott, N V
J B Hartley A 1. Chicago Mrs C B Moore, Long Isl
Thus Pox, -Sacramento J Thompson <fe w. S Jose
D Campbell. Lower I^ke J M Marks & I, Seattle
Martin Nlcol, NY W .1 Logan & w, Chicago
I Hassett. Yuba City A J Simmons, St Helena
G P Ellis & w, DC C P. Turner, Dayton .
Glt Gardner, Dayton W H Barney, Los Ang
E A McCaull, Los Ang Peter Strain, Tacoma
A Dyer &d, Albany Charles Simon; Redding
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr G Rentiers, Hamburg J T Boyd & w. Sn Rafael
M Leopold <Se w, i hi; ago M .v oses N V '
W II Stinnson & w, L A J L Bocker <fe w, Louisvl
I G Boeder, Lomsvllle II A Hughes, London
(.apt UouKOelly & t.l'urls G B Lefarrowy, Mass
E Darries, England - C L Hutchington & w, 111
lupt Nerot, Com ken R Bevon, Tokio
,G A >traube, Paris C Wuceaux. Paris
E W Sturdy. I" S N E W Hebard, Salsboyvlle
C II :-erebower, Pa Miss Curnow, Salsboyvl
O R Youn '. Utah Miss Oliver, Salsboyville
X Peckbam, NY W J Cjjian, St Louis
X P Watson, NY A P Stephens, A V
J N Burk, San Jose
BALDWIN hotel. |
W J O'Brien, San Jose W W Leonard, San Jose
E Fallon <& w. Omaha C Ryer, N V .
j. > Mattoon. Belvedere Lii Murphy. San Jose
N D Neild, Vallejo Mrs M Ozer, Chlco
J Kiane, Tracy ' R B Cameron, Portland
: 11 silverstern, Chlco E Ezkiel, Chicago
A A Weir, Chicago . J Goldstein, N V
J Werthelm, NY It Lachman, San Jose
Hde Laguna, Stockton J W Mattoon, Belvedere
Mrs H in iiler, Seattle T T McMullln, St Louis
N Moore <fe w, N J H T Rich, Fresno
II Scott, Fresno Mrs Merrill, Portland
F A Mauoney, Reno Miss F Morris, Carson
H T Johnson, El Paso - - -j. ? l
CO-MOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs T Bender, Sonora . T Finnegan, Madera
Mrs Gray, Redwood City F Wanchard&w.staßosa
H L Tubbs, Chicago H M Mitchell, Chicago
F Latbermore.New York T Williams, Stockton
D Smith, Fresno J F Hynne, Sacramento
J T Porter, Seattle J F VanNamp&w.Oreeon
T W Wells, sonora Miss B Jenkins soiiora
W Swan. Monterey C Harris & w, Missouri
P Mayer <tw,Kausa3City S Martin, Stockton
J L Weeks, Stockton J i, Phillips, san Mateo
i. H lrwin, Sacramento E Harris, Eureka
A L Uanning, Nebraska M J Ogden, Nebraska
WTO Ogden. Nebraska I Kauffman, Sacramento
Mrs J H Shine, Sonora H a Robertsomfew, SUn
E R Healy & f, Hanford R Todman, Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C M Ward, Grub Gulch Ctnw E Bother, Loom Is
J D McCarthy, Isleton" F\V Haul, Fort Canby
15 L Fisher, Alameda W W Alien, Alaska
P Smith, Alcatraz Ii Ross, Alcatraz '
J Council, Alcairaz LH Drew, Sacramento
E J Rother, sacramento F G Rother, Whisky Bar
Mrs M E shaC, Reno C W Watkin, i^reen Val
A Wipe, Green Valley J H Slocum. Halfmoon B
J M Monro, Ailania W Jontz, Chicago
H llotmiiinn, Buffalo G Moss, 'tuil'alo
A J Morris, St Louis J X Sutton, Buffalo
• » «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Andreas Gotz to Leopoldine Gotz, lot on S line of
Tyler (Golden Gate avenue), 142:6 & of Lacuna
E2sbyS 137:6; gift. B
D. and Lorenzo i.otelli to G. B. Gatto, lot on S
line of California street, 220 E of Broderick E
27 :6 by s 1 37 : 6 : $1 500.
b. and Catharine GUetti to Catherine Lo Presti
lot on N line of Haight street, 220 W of Baker. W
27byN 137:6: $10. '
Anthony Lo Presti to same, same; gift.
Martin and Mary I. Doyle to P. A. G. and Anna
K. Paulson, lot on E line of Stevenson street, lttO
N 01 Ki.lley, N 25 by E 77:6: $iO.
James Heed to Guslavand Elizabeth i3chulz lot
on NE line of Juniper street, 175 BE of Harrison
SE 25 by NE 85; »10. '
Alexander at d Jnlle Weill to Arthur Bailey lot
on w line of church street, 245 N of sixteenth. N
Migup'., Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Splivuio to Frank Hayes, undivided half of lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 180 W of Noe W.
26 by N 114: $10. '
Jonathan and nna Anderson to Henry Nlebolt
iot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, Bn E of
Dousflass, K!is by ft 90; $10. .^
aiberttU savings and Loan Society to Jonati an
Anderson, 10. on S line of Twenty-fourth street
75 B of f.ousjlass. E 25 by s 90: $10.
R. 11. and Belle W. Sprague and >'. W. Spauld
iug et al. to G. G. Burnett, lot on N line of Turk
street, 75 Wof Mason. W3oby N 62 -6 • $10
R. J. Whelan (fsheiiff) to L. M. JUoefler, lot on S
cvm-r of Seventh and Berry streets, SE 240 by
J. J. McDade (She. iff) to same, lot on S corner
of Kerry and Seventh streets. 8E 113-5 w
174 ly,, NEl32:4i/ 8 :52625. '
L. M. Hoefler to Fra/icls Cutting, lot on 8 corner
of Seventh and Berry streets, SE 240 by SW 300;
John \V'hi;e to Peter White, lot on W line of
Pen t sylvan.a avenue, 250 N 01 Sierra. N 25 by \v
\ Kverett Ball to J. W. Farrington, Potrcro
blocks (!9 to 73, 95. 100. 101, 3 02, 105 126 1"7
128. 130. 131, 133.. 185, 136, 137 139. 140 16l!
162, 173. 141, 174, 175. 197,200,201.808.207
2 JO, SSI. 282. 233 to 236, 293, 244, 245, 271 242
263, 262, quitclaim deed; 81. ' ' ' '
ALAMETIA COITNTY.
The Central Land Company (a corporation) to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
Fred L. Button, lot 8, block A, property of the
Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Pacific Bridge Company to A. F. JSaumgartner,
lot on SW corner of Eighth and Fallon streets, 8
100 by W 60, blocs 134, quitclaim deed, Oak
land: $1.
Rachel or Rachael Valentine to William T. Val
entine, lots 13 and 14, block 37, lands adjacent to
town of Encmal, Alameda: gift.
Same :osame, sara--, Alameda: gift.
Alexander and Augusta JansenJ;o Amslle Kahn,
lot on SW corner of entral avenue and Union
str-et, W 49:5. 8 160, E 49:7, N 150. beinc lot 1,
block 1, Map of Bartlett 60-acre Tract, Alameda,
$10.
Esther C. and Martin I* Crowell to Rachael
Davis, lot on se line of Central avenue. 1828 NE
ofCountv rosd from Oakland to San Leandro,
thence NE 'J5.36. SK 109.f;. SW 135.^6, NW 109.
NX )10, NW to beginnine, being lot 9, Kingsland
Tract, Brooklyn Towuship; gift.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to James Healey, lot on
S line of Fifth street, 50 X of Linden, E 25 by S
94, being lot 25, block 480 P, Adeline and Market
street .Homestead. Oakland; $10.
S. N. and Cornelia I>. Baichelder to Chester 8.
Batchelder, lot on N line of Fourteenth street,
102:62 Wof Willow, W 25 by N 100, portion of
lots 18 and 19, ft ock F, Map No. 2, Garden Tract
Homestead. Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
Chester S. Batchelder to Cornelia D. Batchelder,
same, akland: $10.
Irene Cbaffee to Frank O. ChaiTee, Jessie L.
Hogle, Luclnda M. Austin and Mary L. Hender
son, lot on S\V corner of Twenty-third avenue and
East Fourteenth street, s 150 by WSO; also lots
28. inland W 11 feet of lot 27, block 67, Northern
Addition to Brooklyn East Oakland; $10.
Nellie H. and C. H Hobart to Golden Gate Bap
tist Church (a corporation), N half of lots 15 and
16, block D, Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, Oakland
Township ; $10.
John F. and Sarah M. McDonald to Emilie
Serb, lot on E corner of First avenue and Rummer
street, NE 75 by SE 100, portion of lots 1 and 2,
Locksley square, to correct error in former deed as
to spelling of Summ r street, quitclaim deed,
Oakland T6wnsb;p: $1.
Rufus and Almena W. Parker to Clarence L.
Hobbs, lot on SW corner of Mariposa and Dover
streets, 8 60, W 129.7, N. 60, E 128.88. lot 10,
block I, Bmmagln Tract, Oakland Township;
$116.
Jay H. and Anna C. Johnston to Charles Golin
sky, lot on E line of Caroline street, 184.88 N of
Central avenue, E 130, N 37, W 120, S 37 to be
ginning, block D, Vlschsr Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builder's Contract.
Patrick Deeney with Adolph Petry, to build on
NE corner of Bartlett and Twenty-second streets;
$3180.
In St. Petersburg every bicyclist is
bound to have affixed to the back of the
machine a metal plate on which the regis
tered number is displayed in figures large
enough to be legible from a considerable
distance. '
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai._-.
710 Market street, open until 13 o clock everj
oignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, Opel
tntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open nntU 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
ir^£» "Simpson mT?morTa_ methotjist
SrJS' Episcopal Church,' corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haight street. Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m.; the pastor will preach at both ser-
vices: subject at 11a.m.: "The secret of the
Christian's Steadfastness." In the evening amus:-
cal praise service. Some of San Francisco's finest J
singe >s will take part. Sunday-school at 12:30 |
p. _ C. B. Perkins superintendent; Epworth
League at 6:45 p. m. The public cordially invited I
to all the service's of this church, seats free. |
Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45 o'clock.
19^3S= GRACE -METHODIST ., EPISCOPAL
»-* * Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rev. M. F. Colburn. pastor. Boys' Brigade Bible
class at 10 a. _ W. D. Kingsbury leader. Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. by the pastor: subject, "An Object
Lesson." Sermon for children entitled, "Some-
thing Wonde:ful." Sunday-school at 2:30 P. M..
C W. Mark, superintendent. Come and bring the
children. All are invited. Class-meeting at 6:30
p. _.. led by Rev James Renwick. Everybody
welcome. Preaching at 7 :46 P. M. Everybody in-
vited : seats free.
E_S» CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
— ■— ' Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth — Rev. E. K. Dllle, D.D, pastor; J. J.
Morris, musical director; H. M. Bosuorth, organ-
ist; R. V. Watt, Sunaay-school superintendent.
The pastor will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. _.
Morning subject. "Godliness Profitable": evening,
"Methodism and the General Conference." Sun-
day-school at 1 p. it. • S. M. Sayford will address a
young people's mass-meeting at the church at
6:30 p.m.- ■ ■■ .. .
JK3 j=- HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, BE-
I 5: —^ tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor. .Hours of public services 11 a. m. and
7:45 p.m. Sunday-school at 12:30. Prayer-meet-
ing Wednesday evening. Epworth League 6:45
Sunday evenlnc. Chaplain J. H. Macomber will
preach in the morning and Rev. T. K. Baker in the
evening. Church telephone blacK 961.
BT_fp FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
t-jS" cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at
11 A. it. and 7:45 p.m. Morning subject: "Unity
of the Spirit In the Exercise of Christian Gifts."
Sunday-school at 12:45 P. m. Young People's
society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. _. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are wel-
come to these services.
WtpS* FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
Br-*' ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
stebbins. D.D., minister: William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-school nt 9:45 a. m. Service at 11 a.m.
Evening service omitted ontil further notice. |
Bible-class ' at 9:45 a. m., led by Rev. Samuel 1
Slocombe. All fire cordially invited.
_—_!——_—————————————————- —--————————- ;
NOTICE OF .MEETINGS.
EK3=» EXCEL 81 O rLrEOßEE^^mw^'
Dr-^ Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F.— Rega-^^^Gi
lar meeting THIS EVENING. First
Cegree will be conferred. -^/IW<^-
A. K. kingsford, d. M.
special. notices.
e7ectkd~for~s47
W~£r collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 5580.
B^Jjr" NOTICE — ABANDONED CHILDREN
m>£f in the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, Martha Frost, age 7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years; Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
P_S=» R. HARRISON HAS REMOVED FROM
\S<& 1118 Market st. to 11 Taylor, room.l.
R^S =» ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW R. W. KINO, RE-
B3o' moved to Chronicle bid?., room 91; advice
free; deb:s, insolvency, legal papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9.
lsK_g= COFF_Y'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
w-& Kearny St., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Ked 364. . •
SITUATIONS tVANTE:L>-FEaiA_K.
TRONG SWEDISH GIR-T^OOD COOK.
0 wants employment. FENTON _ CO., 122
Geary st. .
1 GERMAN COOK WANTS POSITION.
FENTON & CO., 122 Genry st.
NGLISH OK SCOTCH SERVANT WANTS
Xj place with good people: also a French nurse j
wlahesa position. FENTON A CO.. 122 Geary st.
pOMPETENT. WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
VJ lion in an American family; is a good cook;
short distance In country preferred.. 27Via Four.h.
ADY WANTS HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION
Jor place in lod ins-house. Apply 821 Mission
; St., first floor, room 1 3. _ ■ '
/COLORED WO-MAN DESIRES A SITUATION
\J as cook or general housework in private fam-
ily; can give lint-class references. Address C. A.
BROOKS, 441 Green st., In rear. .
IDDLE-AGED LADY DESIRES POSITION
as chambermaid or housekeeper, country pre-
ferred. Address (or call after 12) MRS. JAMES,
145 Twelfth st., San Francisco, room 10. • -
p IRL WHO UNDERSTANDS DRESSMAKING
"J" wants position In a workroom; good sewer
Address 1922 i-eavenworth st.
WORK IN CANDY FACTORY BY EXPERI-
»» encedhand: understands wrapping and pack-
ing. Address 5 Mint aye., room 12.
ANTED —BY COMPETENT PERSON
chamberwork or take care of children. 6 Mint
aye., room 12. ■ ' . : .
-LIABLE WOMAN "WANTS SITUATION
XX, to assist light housework, or will bring up a
babj' on bottle: wages Very moderate; city or
< oiintry. Call or address 19 sixth st.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN WISHES BITUA-
— - lion to do general housework: city or country.
10 Wetmorepl., bet. Mason anu Powell, off Wash.
ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
XV in restaurant or boarding-house to help in
Kitchen; understands her business; city or short
distance in the country. Call or address 653 Fol--
som st. ; - . ■ : ■ .
/COMPETENT COOK WISHES A SITUATION
\J in private, family; also an infant's nurse; no
objection to country. 227 Hayes st. r
} EXPERIENCED INFANT'S NURSE WISHES
J position; excellent Oakland, references and no
i objection to country. • Call on or address Nurse-
girl. 5 9 Ootigh st. : -.
EXPERIENCED COOK . WANTS A PLACE
-I— for cooking or general housework. Apply at
room 29. 114 Fourth st.
j ADY, EXPERIENCED TRAVELER, WISH-
XJ es to go East as nurse, companion or in any
capacity for expense's. Address W. 8.. box 62, Can.
"VTOUNG ' WIDOW WISHEH POSITION -AH
X housekeeper. Call 1020 . Market St., or 15
Eddy St., room 20, second floor. :■;',>■.'::•■
1 AD Y AND HER DAUGHTER WISH SITU-
\j atlon to do cooking* best of references; city or
country. Address L. D., box 102, Call Office, v-:-,
WEDIBH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O houseworic in American family; . wages $15 to
$20. Address 1/2% Gilbert st. •
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
-1 eruess, ■ chamberwork or second work; good
references. ; S. G.. box 17. Call Office. ;'-°
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnped.
P_sp_stabl_. WOMAN WOULD like a
, XV house 10 take care of, or would do stairs work
and cooking; good city references. Call 726%
Bush st. • ■ .-. ■;., ■■--.--.-
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X' day; washing and housecleanim. 534 Second.
■\TURBE— RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES
-i-> slum ion to mind a child; references. N. X.,
box 136, Call Office.
T? IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL GO OUT
X by the day or work at home; fit guaranteed;
reasonable. " 219 Golden Gate aye.
WIDOW WISHES SITUATION, AS HOUSE-
« keeper; city or country. Call at 681 Mission
St., room 10, flrs: floor. .
yOUSQ GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X second work, take care of child or do sewing.
Call 1117 Hampshire st. _____/
riIRST-CLAS.s COOK WISHES SITUATION
-T in private fami y; understands it thoroughly.
Call a, 1331 V2 California st» ; ' :
■\TOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper- city or country. Call or'ad-
dress 3033 Sixteenth st.> near Mission. ,
IIRENCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
take care of children or do upstairs work. In-
quire at 820 Franklin st., Oakland. .
■\rOUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
x with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to da Please call 917 Market su,
room 18. ' ' ;.
INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 5U per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggnge to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS • WAST_D-MAL_.
U^fT^filT_^a7c_INE'sE~^ANDrjAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414 1/ 2 O'Farrell: tel. K. 426»
HINESE ANI) JAPANESE reliable
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
C. li. COOK SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches -.short notice. 14 Gear)-. tel.Orant4B.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 office; best help. • 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30. .
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
0 Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
MAN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WANT WORK,
city or country wife good saving cook; man
used to kitchen or outside work; references, if re-
quired. Please call or address 34 Fourth, room 12.
1 -ARDENEK-SITUATION WANTED BY A
<■» German gardener; can milk and take care of
horses; references. Address Gardener, box 25,
Call Office. . ; ' ■ " ■
APE K-H ANGER, WITH TOOLS. WANTS
piecework: pnper hung 9c per rolL 620 Lar-
kin st. .
IV' ANTED— BY FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN,
»' position in city or country: best of references.
Address C. 8 , box 123. Call Office.
pOACHMAN — A YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
Vj wishes place, having best of English, French
and American references: good salary expected.
Address M. R., box 88, this office. '
YV ANTED— BY RELIABLE, RESPONSIBLE
»' middle-aged man of good address position in
office or light bookkeeping; small wages. Address
R. X., box 63, Call Office. ,
'OL'NG MAN EXPERIENCED. IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94,
Call Office.
TJELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
XX valet or private waiter; has 18 years' refer-
ence. Address H. B. S., box 104, Call Office.
ITU ATI ON WANTED AS COACHMAN;
'thoroughly unders.ands his business, also gar-
den and cows: willing about place: first-class
Eastern and California references. Address NED,
i 1649 Everett st., Alameda. Cal.
J.W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANIteE EMPLOY-
. ment office, 637 Commercial St.: tel. black
.1261. - .. -
\'OUKG MAN OF 22 .DESIRES A SITUATION
In business house or store; willing to do any
kind of work; Is a good stenographer ana type-
writer, and 13 familiar, with office work and assist-
ant bookkeeping. Address \». W., box 50, CalL
YOUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
. hotel or restaurant to learn waiting: will work
for his board the first month. Address E., box 72,
Call Office.
YOUNG GERMAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE A
X job about a store or private place as porter, gar-
dener and care of horses, etc.; good references.
Address T. W., box 63, this office. ' - : ■/■•.
THIRST-CLASS MECHANIC AS PAINTER
1 and paper-hanger wishes situation In country;
ran furnish tools and tackles; Is willing to do
other worl: if not supplied with painting. . Address |
E. W., box 43, Call office. !
MAN AND WIT E, WITH BEST REFER-
ence, desire position on a farm. Address P.
YOUGLARD. 625 Pacific st.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office. ■
\VI- CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
» » Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to anil from (be ferry.
JAPANESE OAKD-NER, STEADY, SOBER,
v to do general utility arounii house, city or coun-
try; reference. CHARLEY IMATSU, 2829
Pacific aye.
ANTED-BY MAN AGED SO, EMPLOY-
~ent, thoroughly reliable, not afraid of vibrk,
writes a good hand. Address .v. __, box 39, Call.
YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK AS CONFF.C-
-1 . Holler's assistant In San Francisco, Oakland or
Alameda: attends night school. Address Confec-
tioner, box 39, Call.
\rOXTNG MAN WANTS WORK OF ANY KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced clerk; will
drive wagon; best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office.
RCHARDIST WANTS position to TAKE
charge orchard; vine', stock and general farm-
i ing; fifteen years' California 'experience; Al ref-
j erences. Address Ranch. 312 Vi Fulton st.
GENTLEMAN OF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
wishes position as steward or manager in good
hotel; city or con try: the right -man for the right
I place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office.
VUINCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'1 Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 26c to $150 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus an I haegageioand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
2 WAITRESSES. COUNTRY, $20, ROOM,
etc.; 2 waitresses, $15. room, etc.: laundry, $9
a woeK; woman (•ook,!f'2o, rcom.etc. ; woman cook,
$6 a week; middle-aged woman for chamberwork,
$17 50, room, etc., per month: 10 housegirls, $15
per month; 9 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st. '
YOUNG GIRL FOX LAUNDRY, $16 AND
L found; 3 girls to run mangles in laundry, $18;
German girl for housework. $20: Swedish house-
keeper .witli child for Solano County. $15: house-
keeper for Yolo County. $15: chambermaid for
nominjt-housi', $12 and found: girls for house-
work, city and country, $15 and $20. C. R. 11 AN- I
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. j
ANNIE PLOUGH, DANISH GIRL, PLEASE
call. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
: CHAMBERMAID WHO WAITS, FOR
V springs; fare paid; $20. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 110 Geary st. ..;' -
pOLOREU WOMAN FOR PHYSICIAN'S OF-
VJ lice; refer nces. Apply at 323 Sutter tU.bet.
10 and 11 a. m. to-day, MISS CULLEN.
T AUNDKESS, $26; COOK, MILL VALLEY,
XJ $26; cook, city, $35: 12 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 6 young g.rls, assist,
I $10 to $16. MISS CULLE.V, 323 Sutter su
URSE, $20; SECOND GIRL. $20; CHAM-
, X> bermald, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
TVTEA'I YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT WORK, $16.
■LV MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st. ■ ::
GERMAN OR FRENCH SECOND GIRL,
sleep home, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
VEAT SECOND GIRL, SLEJfiP HOME, $15.
1> MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter at. ' : ■/■•
pOLORED WOMAN TO WORK IN A DOO
\J tor's office, $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sautter.
ANTED — SEAMSTRESS AND SECOND
trirl, $20, see lady here at 9 to-day; 6 : Prot-
estant German, French and Irish second girls, 5-20;
Gcrnniit.iiur.ie, $20: 4 cooks, plain wash, German
■ Style, $25: 3 cooks, institution, restaurant and
hoard lug-house, $20, $25. 530: kitchen helper, $20:
and 11 great many girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CKOSETT CO., 312
sutter st. .....■..- -.-
ANTED — FRENCH WOMAN, HOUSE-
»T work. 2 family, $20; married woman; house-
work, In family, sleep home, $18; nurse 3 crown
children, country- $20; youuc girls to assist house-
work, $. 2 and $15. L. ANDRE. 315 Stockton su
TV EAT GIRL OR WOMAN, CHAMBERWORK
J.^ and walling, sfnall country hotel, $15 and fare
! paid; neat housework girl, near city, $20: cooks,
. second- girls and waitresses, $16, $^0 and $25.
MUKP.AV <& READY, 634 Clay at. ■
pOOKFOR _J__ RANCH IN MISSION, $25.
\J Cill early employment office, 306 Mason st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, $20,
city. Employment office,- 306 Mason _____
EXPERIENCED FINISHERS ON LADIES'
• JCj cloaks.' DANNENBAUM, MUELLER "_•
KAHN, 723 Market st. ---;-'- ' - -■'■
RIGHT YOUNG WOMAN AS OFFICE AS-
-1) slstant; not under V 5: references. Address
Bright, box 50, Call Office.
YV ANTED— TO DO HOUSEWORK.
»' family of 3; wages $20. J. GOODMAN, 1329
I'Olk st. , :
piERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
vT references; call early. • Bakery, 26 Sixth st
3 MANGLE GIRLS FOR LAUNDRY; CALL
early. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
Y°'*NG GIRL FOIi LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
1 426 Halght St. . 0 . .
, :W ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
'"housework. Apply 2624 Sut'er sit. '...'■- .
XPE~RIENC,D HANDB ON DUCK SUITS
; XJ and wrappers. S. STEXEK, 126 Eighth st. .
■ APPRENTICES- FREE" LESSENS "KVERY
■cV- Tues. In (iresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
'< YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
! X good wages to competent party. 1036 Regent
St., narrow-gauge , A 1 am eda. ■■'•- '.
SWEDISH OR "GERMAN GIKL: COOKING
and downstairs work. Call from 8 a. _ to 2
. P. _. 1354 Post St. '■-: - :; ■, ■;•■ : • _"■: . \,, .■..-..<■
• ' :•:;,»■' • (;■;•■:
. HE_P WANTEn-Continned.
COMPETENT WOMAN OF GOOD ADDRESS'
\J can secure lucrative employment with respon-
sible business house; no previous experience;
liberal salary to right party. Address Posi-
tlon, box 7, Call Office. .. . . . . _ ... . : ■
RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT NIGHT NURSE
for small private hospital: graduate not neces-
sary. Apply 1620 Broadway, near corner of Van
Ness aye. - : ■. ." .
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
X Housework in small family. 836 Harrison st.
THIRST-CLASS CHOCOLATE DIPPER. CALL
X' at once at SCHAEFER'S, 22 Sixth st. -
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD BE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th st., Oakland.
HAlJttLMt_balK(*. '25c AND »sc: MORNING
and eve classes: 101esBonfl,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1 kessmaking; CUTTING AND fitting
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
26g en. 'InOOWKl,!, Academy. 21 a Powell 8 L
male help WANTED.
TyXN^TE^^YOUNG^OU^LKT
' » ter, wife for housework, $30; night cook, oys-
ter-house, $30; ooy to assist In vegetable garden,
$10; boy for private place, country, $10; elderly
man to care for chickens, , $10: 2 woodchoppers,
$2 50 a cord; ■ teamsters; .laborers, $1 a day.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ,
1 A WAITERS, HOTELS AND REBTAU-
X\J rants, city and country, $25, $30, $35; 5
cooks, $30, $40 and $60; 3 dlsn washers; ranch
cook for 5 men: second, cook, $36; cook for 6
boarders, $25; ironer, Troy machine: ohoreman,
around hotel, $10 and fare paid. MURRAY &
READY, leading employment agents. 634 and 636
Clay st. .
P. A LABORERS FOR SAWMILL AND WOODS,
*J\J $20 and found: 6 woodchoppers. $1 cord;
charcoal burners, $20: tiemakers, 8 and 10 cents
each. MURRAY <fc READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and -636 Clay st. .
Of) FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
«-V/ hands,- $26; 6 haymakers: man for private
family, $15; 3 milkers: 2 teamsters, $1 70 day;
man to herd hogs, $16; boy for a ranch. $100
year. MURRAY _ READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
r ANTED— 2 MILKEKB, $22 60 AND $30;
wagon-maker, $2 75 day; man and wife,
small place, $25; laundryman; choreman; sheep
herder; man and wife to rent hotel; cook and
wife, country hotel: waiters, country. $25 and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. _ * •
T> UTTER-MAKER FOR Nevada, $30 TO «36
XI and fare refunded; A. D. Richmond and wife
please call or send address: 3 farmers, $15; chore
man, country, $12; teamster and wife, $36. R. T.
WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
4 NEAT YOUNG WAITERS FOR SPRINGS,
T: $25. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
HuRSE-SHOEIi'S HELPER, COU N TRY
shop, $16 a 'veek; three 1 4-borse teamsters.
city, $1 75 day. C. R. HANSEN <ft CO., 110 Geary.
XJEADAND SECOND COOKS FOR FIRST-
XX class private boarding-house. C. R. HAN-
S_N A CO., 110 Geary st. •
\\! ANTED — ALL-ROUND LAUNDRYMAN
» » for private yacht, must be willing to make up
staterooms, 5 months' cruise. $30 and found, mu->t
be accustomed to warm climate; American butter-
maker for this city, no milking, $30 and good
home; 5 milkers lor different places near city. #20;
20 farmhands and men for hay field, $20 and $25
per month; also cook, waiters and dishwashers. ;
W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay sU
ANTED— 20 SWEDES, DANES. NORWE- I
» » gians, etc, to peel tanbark, $26 per month
and boaru; office fee for this job only $1; steamer >
sails this afternoon; call early, W. D. EWj\R & 1
CO., 626 Clay st. • v: |
QhTTp-BAKKK, $50, BOARD, ROOM, ETC., j
0 per month; second baker. $25 per month,
board, room, etc.: man for private place. $16,
room, etc.; 10 laborers, $26 per month, board, etc; .
vegetable gardener; . ranchliand, $15; 2 ranch-
hands, $26 per mouth; laundryman, country
laundry: baker helper, $16, room, etc. MAR-
TIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
TVSII WASHER— $10. MISS CULLEN, 323
XJ Suttet.
U ARKEEPER, COUNTRY, $65 AND BOARD.
I > HOTKL GAZE! TE, 420 Kearny St.
ANTED— GENERAL AGENT FOR THIB j
» ' State for first-class business; $100 per month;
good rustler; must have $100 cash. Address G.
It., box 122, call office.
\A; ANTED— A WHO UNDERSTANDS I
'* taking care of _ horses and wagon; not for !
I driving; but make himself useful in the store as a :
! porter; stead.- place for the right man. X., box
! 125, Call Office. j
A PPRENTICE, WITH SOME _XPERI- i
■±\- .-nee, who wants an opportunity and has the j
taste to make a good job printer. Call at room 58, |
1170 Market st. |
ANTED— A- SCENIC PAINTER; . ONE j
that understands papier mache work; by the !
day or contract. Apply t>o9 Sacramento sU, rm. 7. |
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay. j
L)A_Kila-iUjl KMfiAfYMjcNV .JAl.j, >iiL> '
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3. !
L> AKiJERS' ASSOCIATION Or < A_ tMI'LUi- j
X> menu SeCy, P. C. Hamann, '2: 9 Via O'Farrell.
|>AKB£H WANTED FOR SATURDAY. AND I
J) Wednesday: work on commission. 626 Mont- •
gomery st. ' '
p OOD BARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY, i
VX 62 Second st. •
AKBER WANTED: WAGES $3. 625V_ '<
Fourth st. • .
I>AKBKR FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON. 1
J-> 1444 Valencia st. ■ :
9 BARBERS; STEADY WORK; GOOD !
— i wages. Apply 769 V» Howard St., near Fourth. :
AT'.BER FOR SATURDAY. 1630 MISSION j
street. . j
I) AKBER WANTED SATURDAY AND SUN- j
XJ day; steady. 6-9 Union st. . - ■
L> ARBER. 162 THIRD aTREET. ~
ARBER FOR SATURDAY— 32 THIRD
street. .
\\T ANT E D — FIRST • CLABS BARBERS;
'* steady work: 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
W ANTED— BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 433 I
*» Broadway. -■
OOD BUSHELMAN WANTED AT RAj
PHAEL'S, 9 Kearn, St.
YOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS JOB-
X biug, gardening and nursery work. 512 Haight. :
ood carpenter for some work in
. exchange for r ■«vii. 922 Post st.
Q> 1 FINE BUSINESS FOR SALE:
•tJpXOV/. trade: security; cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
OE— PLEASE WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
tant news for you. MAX, 476 Jersey.
\\r A NTED-IN WHOLESALE HOUSE, YOUNG
T» man stenographer, typewriter and general
utility: references; state salary expected. Utility
j box 11 Call. '
U'XPERIE.NCED CASSIMKRE WEAVERS;
XU men of lanuiies preferred. Oregon City Manu-
facturing Company. Oregon City, Or.
NEROETIC MAN WITH $100 TO TAKE I
half-Interest in comedy company now organiz- '
ing for the road. Call or address W. A. RICE. !
1429 Mission st. -
ANTED— PARTNER- FOR TRAVELING
through country; good paying business. a,
box 51, tins office. ■ •
ANTED— BARBER TO BUY A 4-CHaIR
shop with lease: best location on Market St.; !
price $250. 8., box 'l34, Call Office.
BARBERS— 15-CENT SHOP FOR SALE: 2 '<
is chair*: best location; 3 living-rooms; clears j
$20 to $25 a wee. ;- trial given; selling on account
of sickness. Apply Call. ■ ■ - . , '■ '■ .•
TVTEW ,WALDu HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET. |
Xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to 1
60c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
t ion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thin? to patent? Protect your I
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN !
WEDDERBURN & nj., Dept. L, Patent Attor- ,
neys, Washlnaton, D. C, for their $1800 prize oner :
and list of 200 inventions wanted. '
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
XJ band shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand' Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed joe, our make, $2 60 '
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and |
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. -
LCHO HOUSED 863 V. MARKET ST.— j
Rooms '20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week. !
UsT OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621 1
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms. ,.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• > to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms; '25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week.
\Y LNCUESTEK 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
*» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANTED— MEN TO Lf.ARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
/TLEKKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS _ G.HT; !
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S. 612 My, tel. m. 353. |
ES r IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND I
23 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 SO per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorg sts.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
V^ half-soloing 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
4 STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. A- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
8. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST. ; UOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents. -.
]>OOMS 15c TO 760 PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
X\> per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st. -
VU ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
"». ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WHAT CHEEK HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
.'•»» St.; 200 rooms; best in the city sinsie rooms
20 and '25c a night, fI a week : meali 10c. , -7;
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts. ; single furnished mis 75c week, 16c night.
1 i,i I MtIJN TO TAKK LODUINU AT lOC, 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including • coflett and rolls.
£24 Washington at., near Kearny. ;.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room; daily papers. • 36 Clay sU.
. . ..'■■■.-
HELP WANTED— Continued.
Tnted-^for THE united STATES
TT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between tbe ages of 21 and 30 years ;
not less than 6 feet 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important- branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
CaL ____—'
rE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
TT your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission St.. between First and Second sts.
\.| _N TO FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD; '
jVI all grocers keep lv
_K'S second-hand SHOES, SOME !
nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 56 Mission.
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOB 60;
also a bottl eof lager. 6c, at 637 Clay st.
RY ACME HOUSE. t»S7 JIAIIKET BT BE-
I :c.v Sixth, for a room: '.">'- n rrfirtit; SI » we»*.
~~ BOOHS WANTED. •
T^URNISHED ROOMS WANTED BY TWO
-T ladles, mother and daughter: references ex-
changed. Address F. 8., box 124, Call Office.
/> ENTLEMAN WANTS ROOM AND BOARD.
\J in a young widow's family. R-. box 36. Call
WANT__-MISC___AN_OUB.
a^t^d^Xs^aTyerTs^bcale or^com 7 -
plete assaying outfit; must be first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2046.
ANTED-OLD GOLD FOR MANUFAOTUR-
» » ing. O. NOLTE, 222 O'Farrell st.
TTIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
——.Children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW
flrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: send postal ■
~ LOST. # ~~~
T^TCXpASsioo-TwiTH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of ANNIE 'RICHARDS, No.
170408. The finder will please return to bank.
T OPT— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MAX KOLANDER, No. 128725. The
finder will please return to bank.
ARTY WHO FOUND PURSE AT COR. FUL-
X ton and Flllmore sts. on 2a lost, to avoid trou-
' bio, as party is known, return same to Call Office;
reward $20.
T OST-GOLD MEDAL. INSCRIPTION S. H. C.
— '96: lihoral reward. 523 Fourth st.
OST— SOCIETY RKCEIPT BOOK. RETURN
6 Taylor, barber-shop; reward.
TUNE 6; YORKSHIRE TERRIER; FEMALE;
name Fairy liberal reward. . 1450 Sacra-
mento st.
«. ROWN SEALSKIN CAPE AT CALEDONIAN
It picnic: $5 reward; no questions asked. Re-
turn J. ROSE, Fourteenth st. and Railroad aye.,
South San Francisco. -■ .-:■ -. *■
] OST OR STOLEN— YESTERDAY, BLACK
I— Newfoundland dog; old scar on nose; silver-
linked collar. Return 1432 Jackson St.; receive
reward.
T OST — ENGLISH PUG BITCH. REWARD
J J on return to '2522 Pine St. - •
LODGING-HOUSES FOU _____
<SJlPkfl 16-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; LOW
I <JT. I.OXJ. rent; location Al; best bargain ever
I offered : don't fail to see this snap. HICKOK A
C 0.,873V 2 Market st.
I 1 C-HOOlt COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
I XO must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st v
I O/I-ROOM CORN-R HOUSE, $650; WORTH
I -■ - $2500: mast be sold. DE KER, 1020 Market.
og rooms: Country HOTKL: on v $1200,
t)U worth $2000. Apply DICKER, 1020 Market.
I 1(\ R' OMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
-1 Iv nlghed; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
©1 AM LODGING -HOUSE. 13 ROOMS.
tjpxuw. nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st.
f f"you want TO buy or SELL a lodg-
J. ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<n» 1 CAA 50-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
i «Jp IO\J\J. iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
! count of death. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
MUST SELL; 15 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
see this and make offer. 641 Sacramento.
I 90 WELL- FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600:
' ■ «-<O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
F__UNITUJ__ FOB SALE.
i I;lQn FURNITURE 6 ROOMS. ADDRESS
! <|PlOv. Change, box 34, this office.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
j as new; cash or time, open evenings.
fIIKE SALE .' "~- : "
Prices stand -U . gcodj an completely dis-
posed of.
! Oak bed seta ..,....., $19 51
1 Bed lounges.... .....'..........♦..'..- am
i Stoves .........,...*..... 7 5J
■ Carpets, peryard ; ..._ 65
j Linoleum, per yard ... 55
[Matting, peryard  10
ill our new building Is erected these prices will
I Ftann. - Till such time we are conducing busiae_
I a;, SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. S.
' NOONAN. -
1 A{U\ CAKPKTS; CHAMBER . SETS, $14;
j TtUv/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bad*
' I $10; hed- oonges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY ll'J 4th.
—^ ———___——__— i __— — i — — — i — — — —
FURNITURE WANTED.
C ECONI> H A ND " FU RNItUR X FOR "cOUN-
O try; I pay good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City
Hall aye. ___■
_ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
! orders. Leave orders at KING'S. -3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT. GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
-1 ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
L>XFOUE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X> send for Simmons. Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 SUITER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture. saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpet*, piano. US." Mr;-;;'": lei. Jessie 731.
CARPET CLEANING.
j r : rR^AT^~wiBTERN cXrlTet^SeTting
I VX works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yard. G. GEORGE, office 11 Eighth tit.;
: phone Jessie 253.'
1 ONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 35 and ' 27 . Bth.
(~\A RPETS CmiANED, 3c A YARD: LAID 3c.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth St.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"» poor wor_ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'SCAHPKT BEATING WORKS. dSi
\J Golden Gate ave.t telephone east 126.
ITYSTKAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
tIng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. south 250.
pARPEJS CLEANKD AND RENOVATED
V like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth; t_.
Eouth 36. D. MACKINTOSH «fc CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission "74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. orating works. 453 Stevenson: twl. south 223.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
flfcKfln SALOON; GOOD FIXTURES AND
i$)U\J\J. stock; good business; must be sold at
j once; bargain. KENNY _ CO., 765 Market.
SIX PAPER ROUTES; CAN BE MADE TO
pay $200 per month ; I best paper on coast out-
; side San Francisco; look this up. KENNY <fc
CO., 765 Market st. . .
I OIJI7K PLEASANT, PROFITABLE BUHI-
| <tjp L I v, ness suitable for lady or gentleman: es-
i tablished and extending to all the coast and Inte-
| rlor; this Is good.. KENNY A CO., 765 Market st.
Sinn LODGING-HOUSE; 10 ROOMS AND
<jp ~x\t\J. baih; most desirable bl< ck on Post st.:
i only six minutes' walk from Kearny st. : house full
j of desirable roomers; is a bargain. KEA'N V _
I CO., 765 Market st.
i (lgV»P.li RESTAURANT AND OYsTER-
<J> -Wv . house in immediate vicinity of Baldwin
Hotel; fine business. KENNY <fe CO., 765 .. arkat.
j AKTNER WANTED ON 6-ACRE FRUIT
! J- ranch stocked • with hogs ana poultry: Frult-
-1 vale. Apply 34 Donohue building.
I Q ALOON FOR SALE -$800; WELL STOCKED-
-1 O good lo?ntlon; good reason for selling: no
I agents. Address T., box 60, this otlice.
ILK BUSINESS OF 30 CANS, RETAIL
I" trade, for sale cheap: must be sold by the 16th
of June. Apply this office.
pOR. SALOON-. WITH - LIVING ROOMS-
V cheap rent: bargain. Apply 212 Eighth st. , cor.
Tehama. . . ~ •
UOR _ SALE-FRUIT AND CANDY. STAND;
J l:;aiJe depot. Cor. California st. and Central aye.
I RANCH > BAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY
J' rooms: good corner; low rent. . 449 Guerrero.
ANY STOCK OF M r.RCHANDiSE BOUuHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
fl KOCERY , AND BAR; WELL STOCKED;
VJ cheap; make offer. __01 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
PLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN.
ir,.? 0 ? i: ' good order: always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
p E>TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
Xt sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33.1 Mission. •
\\f ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
» » with us; will sell it In 3 days or treat: we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. -.-.-
ROCKRY AND BAR: GOOD LOCATION
T and business. Apply Call Office. "
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. . RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
<3> ( li 1 ' FORCED S ALE— FIRST-CLASS F*\ Y-
«£)Uv/»'. ing-- branch oakery, candy delicacies
■ and stationery-store, with furniture, on account of
death.. Inquire at this office. ■
WELL-ESTABLISHED CANDY, TOBACCO
and stationery store, with ice cream and- ta-
male parlor attached; for sale cheap. Apply 1314
Howard at. ■■'■"-"---; ''. ;^ : -- : -'- ■"'■'■■•■'■■•■-■■ -
■ •■ . ' ' . - ■ -
BUSINESS CHANCK9.  .^_
C2> Qr nTr^A^H^GROciiRY^N^FIFTH ST.;
uf)~O\J\J. horse and wagon: Hirst-class h.u <'.-
neßs: good outside trade. HICKOK ACO , 873^
Market. .
.ifl/\ A HALF INTEREST IN HTEAM
3b_UUU. laundry doing from 8100 to $150 per
day; a bargain. HICKOK A CO., 873V_ Market.
_>/.(» NICE LUNCH KOIOMS^ AND DELI-
i3)DU. cacy business. HICKOK A CO., 873' 3
Market. — —
~(&l'i\t\ FOR HALF INTEREST IN GOOD
JjiUUU. paying roadside house, orslloo for a'!:
fine gardens for private picnics. HICKOK <£ CO.,
873 Vi Market St.
■_. -• £-i\ PARTNER WANTED: STEADY
_)j.OIJ. man to look after office, handle cash,
etc in legitimate business, situated across the
bay'- experience not necessary; duties easily
leiirned: has line horse and buggy: will clear from
$65 to $75 per month to each. See GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st. .
_ O c:a CIGAR-STORE, finely fitted
»bOOU. up; large stock: situated on good cor-
ner at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; stock will invoice price asked. UEO.
STEWART. 602 Market st.
m-i/.An $850 CASH. COFFEE SALOON
.IJHJLOUU. and restaurant: one of the finest loca- .
tions in the city, near Market st. ; <'U«tant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from $50 to 360 per
day; best of reasons for selling. GEo. STEWART,
602 Market st. .
"(-•OKA SAMPLE -ROOM ESTABLISHED 1 -
»3>l/OU. years with first-class patronage; sacri-
ficed: owner keeping two places: very choice loca-
tion. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st. -
_Of_l CIGAB-STORE: ON SUTTER ST.;
»s)_jOl/. average dally sales $10: owner sick:
with rheumatism. WILKE3 _ WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st. ■ : .
&C*ni\ COR. GROCERY AND BAR: 1 BLOCK
tft)DU«'.from Market St., Dear Wells-Fargo
office; doing large trade; death calls owner east.
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
A TTENTION— 2 ACRES CHIC KEN RANCH,
A house, other improvements, West Berkeley,
price $1300; cash or exchange for good saloon.
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
<_>P.£fk SALOON, WITH LIVING-ROOMS,
übOOU. doing average $20 trade per day; near
Oceanic Wharf; low rent; lease; a sacrifice.
WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 California St.
fi» linn CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
«3SyUI/.ly furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location: lease; rent. $65; sacrificed account
sickness. WILKE * WOLF, 631 California st.
_9F^n PARTNER WANTED IN CHOP-
<m£O\J. house: excellent paying place: owner
first-class cook. WILKE _ WO F, 631 California.
_/<rn CANDY FACTORY AND STORE;
tlDOt>U. corner. In the Mission: value of stock, <■
$1000; receipts $15 to $2 I daily; living rooms. M.
LESS CO., 783y 2 Market st.
-OPvAA FINE CORNER grocery and
<3P_.«JU''. bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade: best class of custom; big bar trade; good
outsidcroute; cheap rent; owrner'sltime occupied
In another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LK.SS A Co.. 783y 3 Market st.
_1 kHA RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
•ipj. »/UU. house In extra good location, north
of Market st.; elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout; dining-room taxed to its-utmost
capacity; highest class of custom; best prices;
owner going out of the State. M. LESS _ CO..
783 i/« Market st.
OOC RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
«lr^-.t). loon near City Hall: neat attractive ■
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG COMPANY,
632 Market st.
<JJj/| r(\ RESTAURANT, NEWLY FITTED,
fJT'^OyJ. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel- •
lent chance for 2 ladles or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market St.
fiSTF^A CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST-
tJpUiJU. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STE NBERG C 0.,.632 Market st.
&QAA saloon in busy part of town; ..
wOVjyj. cheap rent: don't miss this bargain.
STE.VBERu A CO.. 632 Market st.
OA A 1 PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
tjpOUUW. established steam-laundry In first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses ana restaurants; valuable outside-
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to In-
crease if properly attended; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. &TENBERU CO., 632
Market st.
SPOT (ASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<5» (U)(\ GROCERY AND BAR; FINE ES
tfp\J\J\J. Hshed place doing good business; the
stock is Iresh: rent cheap and the locality fine;
see this at o-:ce; a rare chance; good reason for '
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q t\ A restaurant AND oyster pab-
«ipt7l/V'. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality;
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall aye.
<3tl ?\()(\ BEER BOTTLING WORKS; 3
«JP A *J\J\J. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
Investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall »ye.
9000 PARTNER; ONE OF THE BEST"
(iT^iUUU. paying newspapers In lively northern
town: presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing: object for sellluz need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSI- •
nes^ places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
C; !)(|A BAKERY, OLD - ESTABLISHED,
<P«JW. with large route; baking 2 barrels daily.
JOHNSTON, 26V_ Kearny sc. *
pIGAR-STORE: ON PRINCIPAL STREET;
\J one of the best In this city, cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNS 26^. Kearny st.
<!St'-}nfl FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STOKE,
»iP""v;. Al location; horse and wagon: re-
ceipts $15 day. BARRETT SKIPP, 921 Market.
ClJ9^f| BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IS
ttP-JOU. city. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921 Market
OgTXA WILL BU.Y CIGAR, STATIONERY
«jp I U\.r and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building Included: ground rent small:
great bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
/GROCER. -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
U stock, doing large family trade; this Is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny su
OR SALE -HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY!
bicycle, 1 electric fan; for sale, trade or se-
curity : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Four. St.
WHOLE BAKERY OUTFIT: MOVABLE
oven: for sale, trade, security. Columbia. 128
Fourth sU
T^OK SALE— ONE OF THE BEST. PAYING
X 1 businesses in the city; will sell, trade or secur-
ity. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
OiilOO GROCERY AND BAR; FURNITURE
IUU. of 4 rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Market.
(JJi/I^A SALOON; 9 FURNISHED ROOMS"
<iD^t<-'V/. central; worth $1200. DECKER
1020 Market. , . '
f^OR SALE, NEAR OAKLAND — HORSE"
wagon, harness, 9 dor.en chickens. 7 dozen
small chickens, growing crop and fruit of 15 acres-
all for $250 cash. C, A. ANTHONY', Dimond P*
0., Cal.
"LOR SALE— RESTAURANT, CHEAP FOR
X cash; splendid location; doing good business-
rent, $25; cause, family trouMes. Apply at once'
116 Sixth st.. room 14, between 12 and 8 p.m. *
ffl»1 XCi EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
*S)XiJ\J.. stand; clears $80 per month; sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Larkiu,
RESTAURANT CHEAP; MUST SELL TO"
day or Monday. Call 113 Powell st.
HALF INTEREST IN SALOON; WELL PAY^
lug; good location: rare*chance for a good
man. Apply this office. '
} ESTABLISHED CANDY AND ICE-CREAM
J- factory: living rooms. 403 Jones st.
I^OR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
X Imery and dressmaking business: on account
of 111-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M., box ;-tO.
Call Office.
rpo LET- TO A LADY, 9-ROOM TRANSIENT
X house; newly furnished; rent moderate. Apply
Call Office. *
F^OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, DELI*. .
cacles and lunchroom; doing good business.
2708 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Potrero no agents.
11l A VE^\ FINE OPPORTUNITY FOR A MAN
X with small capital to enter into partnership
with present owner; capital wanted to extend
business: this is a good chance; investigate it. Ad-
■ dress G. 8., box Hi, Call Office. ,
L INK CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION-
X owner going In other business. Apply
• SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First sU yr
A BARGAIN; CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
furnished rooms In business ;>art of the city*
present owner conducting business fnr 12 years-
reason, retiring from business. - Apply s\V. cor"
Sacramento and Drnmin sts.
ffiTTTTTT fF.ne SALOON ON MARKET ST"
<lF«-M717. nr. the Baldwin: must be sold at once*-
a bargain to the right party; trial given if desired •
no agent, need apply. Address JK., box 94 this
office. : .' . . __ ;
1 IK.VTLKMAJS PARTNER WANTED
* J lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 3
-tl^ BRANCH BAKERY. CONFECTION^
3J)l)«J. eryand notions: good location; no liV-
lag-rooms. Address 119 California aye. , tv^
ARTINEZ HOTEL -TO KENT. unfur.
nished: termsrensonabie; 56 rooms- in r-nST .
order. D. J. WES», Martinez. Cai . ma ' m £OOd .
MALE OK FEMALE, WITH $100. AS PARTI
ncr, to tend store: neat business: easy work-
s6s a mouth. 81u,,, box 9, Call Offl c. " worK .
18:950 BRAN BAKEKY, CANDY AND
«4p _»JU. notion store; 2 living - rooms- « ooa
trade. Apply 1802V__Ioward 3° " g
■ "L'O'l •SALE ON ACCOUNT OF GOING EAST-
X Bakery and notion-store. Apply 1401 Baker
ftl G "OCEll ' Y7~_~RotiMB ; HORBE
med_" wagon. 918 Central aye,. Ala-
rpo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
1 county, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $"5
ke D t P sf D ¥ CKER or *'• PIiITCHABD., __ Marl
T^IKST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY"
X for sale; good location: established 20 years- 5
°, r i? ye *, rs lease of Brouut ard building as d_!
slred._ Address J.. box 164, office.
poz y saloon ; central AND KO_T__i 
\J Market. Address Cozy, box 36. '■.■■'!: no _ L ",^f "
TIPEWRITKKS. ~~"
Y^O^TT^fTOrCArfGRA PtlT iiaT^ENTTFO-
I sample work. SCOTT _ BANNA.N, 333 Mo°sTo Tl - T -
Q^Q "OLUEN °ATK AYE. BKTTK'YD'E'ASfD
'I'jU Larkin; 2-story, bay-window ; 7 rooms and
bath.
Twenty-second st., bet. (Guerrero and Dolores-
neat cottage: 6 rooms, bath and stable.
Fulton st, bet. Lagunaand Bucaanan-2-story.
bay-window: 6 rooms and bath. '
Stevenson st. or Lexington aye.. bet. Twentieth
and Twenty- first sts.-2-story : 6 rooms and bath.
Mission st., bet. Eighth aud Ninth— 2-story; 7
rooms and bath. *
■ Bond st., °> - Mission, bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenth— b and 7 rooms and bath
Hyde st., bet. Turk and Eddy— 2-story; 7 rooms
and bath.
Five larce boardlng-hout.es; over 50 rooms; cen-
trally located.
Apply toe. S. CAPP <_ CO., 415 Montgomery
St., Real Estate Agents and House Renters.
R U i- H v Sr " BKT * -MASON AND TAYLOR-
X* iinehouss; 9 rooms and bath: sunny and fine
view; key at office. Apply to C. S. LAPP & CO.,
415 Montgomery st., Real Estate Agents and
House Brokers.
I OUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH AND GARDEN;
xx Rood order; rent reasonable. 1427 Post St.,
near Gougu.
fJIO LET— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
x fine basement; rent $25. Apply 353 Grove st.,
bet. Franklin anJ Gough.
tlft 1011 ALABAMA ST., NR. TWENTY-
£4,: second: 3 rooms. ASHTON <& GAiUDI-
iNt.R, 411 Montgomery st.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
• and rear yaws; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park: newly painted, clean and attractive;
$30. DEMPSTER, 38 Glen Park aye.
QOA MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
*jTO\.'. ment: large yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
1 99 PRECITA AYE.; SPLENDID HOUSE;
X — ■ '— large rooms; rent $16.
8 ROOMS, PARTLY FURNISHED; RENT 820;
Apply at 454 Tenth st. .
HOUSE, 9 ROOMS: 743 HOWARD ST. IN-
quire on the premises-. ■
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina bt.
HOUSE— a NICE HOUSE and others
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
A I Ci HYDE-HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
tc IP bath. Inquire a- 418.
FURNISHED MOUSES.
rpo OCCUPY A RESIDENCE IN AB.-sENCE
Xof owners where care will be compensation lor
rent: reference. Address 3.. box 74. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Fr IN NOBTH aAUSALTrO^Twb
cottages: 4 and 6 rooms: rent $12 and $15.
Apply LOUIS HAiFNEK, Sausallto, Marin
County, Cal.
7QX WILLOW AYE— COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS;
<DO rent $9. Apply 500 Grove st.
COTTAGE; 811: 4 ROOMS AND BASK-
V^ ment. 422-v*. Ringold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
C-ROOM COTTAGE; RENT $20. 519 MINNA
0 street. ___—
FURNISHED FLATS.
'f^CEl^ri r VR^<IS^ED~T : i^Y^OF~S~ROoSs
— and bath: piano; reasonable. 120 McAllister.
FLAT, FURNISHED, 1 O RENT FOR
\j 6 weeks; $27: no children. 1926 a..
FLATS TO LET.
HAYEsT^EAST? OF^FILLMORE — UPPER
flat, bay-window, 5 rooms and bath; $16; tine
view. Apply to C. 8. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agent, 415 Montgomery st.
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS,
• — O and bath; light, sunny yard.
ft REED— FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH; FINE
U view; $20. Key 1325 Washington, near Jones.
1 I£l FULTON — GOOD LOWER FLAT; 5
-I-LUg rooms: bath; near City Hall: $18. •
71C OCTAVIA— Of 5 SUNNY ROOMS
lit) and basement; gas; bath ; water free.
ODERN FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, $14
and $15. 219^ Twenty-third, near Harrison.
T^LATS 1O LET: PROPERTY FOR SALE;
X all over town. PATTERSON 4; CO., 2 Va-
lencia su
A ROOMS ON FIRST FLOOR: CLEAN AND
1 attractive: front and rear yards; unfinished
b*s> meat; on charming private street fronting
park; to quiet family; 816. D_MPsT_R, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
1 LEG ANT NEW TOP FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND
-i bath, reduced from 825 to $18, on McAllister
st. SPECK — ; CO., 602 Market.
1 ton McAllister- MODERN FLAT OF 6
1 -i,J'i rooms and bath, 827 60. UMBSEN, 14
Montgomery st.
TV^EW Sunny modern four-Room flat;
-*-> 4 Tremont aye.. nr. Waller St., Golden Gate
Park. ■
iftAVVAILER, Ml. MARKET— ELEGANT
IUU new upper flat of 7 roomj and bath; best
lighted house in the city.
ATEW BAY - WINDOW FLAT: 4 ROOMS;
_.> bath; 3»rd. 3037 Twenty-second J St., near
Howard. '
pHKAP- RENT, 4 AND 5 ROOMS AND BATH-
\J rooms, $13 and $14. 641 Valencia st.
COAa TURK— UPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS;
O-.U rear.
tnn NINTH — BAY-WINDOW CORNER
i)U- flat; 6 rooms and bath: rent low.
?<- 1 BHYANT, NEAK FIFTH-NICE DWEL-
Ol'i ling; 8 rooms: separate yard ; $!0.
UPPER LOWER FLAT OF OR~ 3 SUNNY
rooms: bath, laundry; 36 Elgin Park, off Rid-
ley st., above Valencia.
FLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOM-* AND BATH.
2658 Market St., near Castro; rent 818.
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
I_lQ 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THlR-
t^lij. teenth st. above Valencia.
LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. I
1 oa/j *TEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
J.OU I flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
BUNNY HOOMS;BATH; 2219 FIFTEENTH
St.; rent $14: water free; cars 1 block.
(JJj i"1 FOUR NIC- ROOMS; 615 THlK-
ijll. teenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
T OWHR FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
Xi 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath'; large
yard: sun all day; rent $14; water free.
A n7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
_:U i V Castro cars: lovely gunny upper flat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. '
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BK-
low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDcr. for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING- KOOMS.
California Street.
9>TQI CALIFORNIA — 3 ELEGANT FUR-
_yOl nished rooms and bath for housekeeping.
Call before lr._: cheap.
Ellis .Street.
Q-I C ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
OX O complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
Fifth street.
Q-l A FIFTH-2 SUNRY HOUSEKEEPING
•JX tt rooms; bath, stove, closet; private family;
810.
Folsom Street.
(2 Q MONTH— 2 SUNN r" ROOMS FURNISHED
«JO for housekeeping. 735 Folsom st.
Fourth Street.
99;: FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS: SUIT-
_. _.<J able for light housekeeping: also single.
A~\ FOURTH— NEW_Y PAPERED SUNNY
_:—._> rooms for housekeeping. 1
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
_Ct7 rooms for housekeeping. «
Hermann Street.
OX HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— J OR 2
— O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. ■ -
iiunaril Streei.
fiQ^l HOWARD-FURNISHED ROOM FOR
i/OOa housekeeping: also single. -
Kearny Street.
C OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
-0 keeping. Kearny St., near Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Larkin siren;.
01 - LARKIN HAS CHANGED HANDS;
OX I nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping, ail furnished. $7 up.
Lewis Street.
1 n LEWIS, OFFTAYLOR.NR. LARGE
ID furnished room and kitchen; complete: 812.
ii in 11 a Street.
HO' A MINNA— FURNISHED ROOM.B FOR
I Ox housekeeping; no children. -
New Montgomery Street. -
1 A l^ NEW MONTGOMERY— SUNNY FRONT
i''<) furnished housekeeping and single rooms;
cheap. - . '
Octavia Street.
1 IA'J OCTAVIA ST.. COR. GEARY— FBEBH-
-1 4U«» ly furnished bay-windows and others; 87
up; kitchens. • - \~
- Point Loboa Avenue.
9-1 cyfi FT- LOBOS-ITSUNNY FURNISHED
_ 1 — ' ' housekpg rms; bath; $12: no children.
Folk Street.
Ol Q POLK-SUNNYTHANDSOMELY FUR-
iIIO nished alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, gas, etc.: new carpets and furniture, com-
plete for housekeeping; also sunny flat, 4 rooms;
reasonable. ' ■
1 RA O POLK-THREE NICELY FURNIciH-
-104:0 ed large sunny front rooms for' house-
keeping: reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING R00313 — Continued.
Fust Street.
QOO POST— PLEASANT FURNISHED
t7__ rooms; housekeeping; separate entrance;
yard.
Powell Street.
Q1 0 POWELL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
OIV complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
hecond Street.
CO SECOND-PLAIN LIGHT HOUSEKEEP-
O-. ing room cheap: also single and double.
veil tli Street.
1 Ofi SEVENTH — NICELY FURNISHED
X OU housekeeping rooms; single or en suite;
$7 up. . • ' .;■■-■■,-:>-.
-ixth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
<9fV SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
ri£\J rooms; water; complete for housekeeping;
no children; $11. ' '
Stockton .-Street.
m STOCKTON, NEAR PINE— 4 SPLENDID
Oil unfurnished rooms, with bathroom and
yard. .
lehama Street.
477 TBHAMA, NR. SIXTH-2 FURNISHED
I * rooms, suitable for man and wife.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— 2 OR 3 ELEGANT HOUSEKPG
rooms; piano; gas stove; suitable 4 adults.
'iwelfthJStreet.
IQA TWELFTH— 2 SUNNY PaRTLY FUR-
■LO-: nished housekeeping rooms.
Van >c*9 Avenue.
1 AOI VAN NESS AYE., NEAR GEARY—
LU_<l Large sunny suite with kitchen and sin-
gle room.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH ST., OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
'heap.
ROO3IS TO LET.
I utly Stieet.
n OO EDDY — LARGE PARLORS; PIANO,
DO- dining-room, kitchen; or would rent sepa-
rately; cheap.
J_i£lith Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUhE,r?B BTH
_. St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
I-- His .Street.
90 E-LIS— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
—C 1 single aud suites.
•pHS RAMONA, 180 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
I 11 at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Everett Street.
A C EVERETT-FUKNISHED ROOMS, «3, ?4
ttfJ and $5; housekeeping. $8 per month.
Franklin ."Street.
A 1 C FRANKLIN— L ARG E FURNISHED
*xJL<J room; housekeeping; water; gas; bath
rent $7. •■
Oeary Mri'o .
91 71 GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
Z. -L i 8 or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
'I Q GEARY— OF PARLORS: OTHER
i)lu rooms; light housekeeping if desired.
791 GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
I —.1 rooms, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
Guillen (.Die Avenue.
Cl f* GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
c)IU furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
Grove Street.
"inr GROVE-NICE FURNISHED LARGE
lUc) large room; rent, $7.
Hermann Street.
C)' HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
— O rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 (\lf\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
11/ I U hot and cold water, 91 50 week: single $1.
1 9HQ I HOWARD— ELEGANT LARGE SUN-
_L_.Ut/2 ny room, $7; 1 or 2 persons: new flat.
Jones street.
907 -ONES— THE VAX WINKLE: NEW
- j\J I manatrement: elegant ennny anttes anil
■ingle; newly furnished; bam. etc.: SlO to SHU.
Koarny street.
A RLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
XX ant sunny rooms, en suite and tingle; _rscci_u
iii every respect : terms reasonable.
Market sireac.
VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 35c to $1; week. »1 90 to $5: families.
199-1 MARKET — FURNISHED FRONT
X— .— .X single room; $4; upstair?.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
son— Nice furnished sunny rooms; *7 month.
Mason Street.
99Q MASON, COR. O'FARRELL— NICELY
— ■— .O furnished front bay-window rooms.
_linna >vree*.
4Q7 MINNA, NR. FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY
-iO I front room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; also single room: quiet people only.
->-.*>klon .Street.
O-\ O MISSION —NICELY FURNISHED
Ul O rooms. 15c to 60c per night; $1 to $2 ween.
HE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
1 Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms; all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25c tosl 60 a day.
in;:' MISSION — A PEST ROOMS IN
X\JOO the city; housekeeping and others; week
or month. ,
Ninth Street.
9C NINTH— FURNISHED ROOMS;
'-O single or suites: reasonable.
Polk Street.
APLEHURST, 1217 POLK BT.-UNFUR-
-I*l nlshed suite; running water; suitable for doc-
tor or dentist; also furnished rooms.
I 91 7 POLK— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALSO
1_ 1 I unfurnished suite; running water.
I 7A9 POLK, COR. CLAY— NICE SUNNY
X. I \J—j single and housekeeping rooms.
i owe. I stree*.
99- POWELL. COR. GEARY— NICELY FUR-
—«--«-' nished sunny front rooms.
Seventh Street.
1 OG SEVENTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
IOU front single rooms; $1 per week.
M_UiSiri»«j-,. .
9/19 SIXTH-LARGE ROOM SUITABLE FOR
—«*±—< 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
-Stevenson Street.
C I A STEVENSON-2 LARGE SUNNY UN-
OX — : furnished rooms, with yard and cellar.
9= Q STEVENSON — NICE SUNNY FUR-
_J«J»/ nlsbed rooms to let; $4 up.
Stockton Street.
A 1 7 STOCKTON— 2 LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
'lit rooms, $11; single room, $5 or $6.
/•I Q STOCKTON — SMALL FURNISHED
DIG room: cheap.
butter street.
4 T HALF FORMER RATES— FUR-
rV. nished rooms, $2 50 per week. The Shasta,
320Vg Sutter st. . '
Taylor Street.
-I no TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
I Uii and en suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices. ■ -■.
1 HO TAYLOR— SUNNY PARLORS: OTHER
J-Ut/ rooms; $6 up. .
'lurk Street.
= 9 J 1 TURK— COMFORTABLY FURNISHED
«J— .14 room. $4; also large front room, doable
bed; rent cheap; bath and gas.
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 1 Cl TWENTY SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-
JLIUSj gentleman: single rooms; furnished;
clean: quiet: $4 per month. -
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOARDING ANI> ROOMS.
v AlTNEss^suTrE of pa^lorTand
OKJZi single rooms: with or without board.
71 9 POST-NEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY
I X& rooms: good table board: $20 up.
qi 7 JONES— NICELY FURNISHED rooms,
Oil . single or suites, with board; summer prices.
rr\ (\ GEA V — FIRST-CLASS ROOM AM)
I J.U board; references.
1 71 r POLK (NORMANDIE)— ELEGANT
1 I 1 1) rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 a^a first-class family hotel;
references.
OTbL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
<»»— convenlpn'-"« ■
. . CHILDREN BOAKIJKD. . . ~
I"n^^l^r"chTld"tO BoTrBTgOODCARe';
reasonable. 625 a Natoma st.
ADY WANTS CHILDREN TO BOARD;
reasonable; good care. Call 18y_ Freelon st.
ANTED— INFANT OR CHILD TO BOARD;
Vf good care: reasonable. 1413 Sacramento st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE G, 1896.
STORES TO LET.
SALOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
ch<_ip; rent $20. • • •
mo RENT- 3 STORKS: 614, 614 V AND 616
X Fourth st, nr. Bluxome; also loft, 46x72. O.
F. YON RHEIN & CO., 513 California st.
HALF OF STORE; 7.. KEARNY ST.: NOW
occupied by P. Sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J. a. SCHMIDT, 4VJf> Ellis St.
T7IOR KENT— CIGAR-STAND; 236 TURKBT.;
J? on prominent corner; rent cheap. -
A 1 /* FOURTH— STORK WITH ROOM
r±x\) in rear; suitable forany retail business: low
rent. Apply to O. H. UMB»BN ,t CO.. 14Montg'y.
OFFICES TO LET. ,
Kr>q^MAluCET\ opp! malson^lofts^of
t/OO various sizes: new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. . >
PRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant aunnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or U. H. r.MKSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
ETHf^'^al^T^R^H^TirA^rrisTii^
latest and best; - 100 words per minute guar,
anteed: two months, {including typewriting)-
-$25. 927 Market st. __/_
MRS. MELVILLE- aNYDER, STUDIO 514
Suiter st.; vocal music, piano, elocution: dra-
matic elocution; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday, 8 p.m.; $1 per month.
■OOOKKEEPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xi ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.
ATTEND SIIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MAKKET
st. The very best : Individual instruction:
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc.; $1; books free.
PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
X es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GRKVKN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
_-> day<t nlsht; noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
<■' UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJT lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
_ and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Mazebld.,r.a7.
CFaSISH, N CH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s;
A Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
Ir_1 r_ lege. 325 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rated per week and month. '
UELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
QCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; esiab. '64. VAN PER NAII.LEN, 723 Jilts.
HKaTD'SBUSINKSS COLLEGE. 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, basinets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modwa
language* rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. '
\; IU.U I !*.'HOUL:UhALI; Sill s. t Lj,hnK;Jl
i> Post rromTTTrpla 1 . gt-iir-hft"^. Kh"lWi-'<iww<i
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
'piANCS^DO \'OU WAXT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
C..R CO., 933 Market st. . -
OTEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
pHICKERING PIANO IN GOOD CONDITION,
\J only $30. 638 Natoma st., third floor.
rr- ALMOST NEW: ROSEWOOD: FOR SALE
•„<•'. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st,
/-iRE AT OPPORTUNITY: 5 J^INIS UP-
VI rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT HARDMAN UPRIGHT IN
first-class order, must be sold at once; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of its value. Koom 21, 809 Market st.
~\"~N EMERSON, $200; STERLING. $100:
__Bluthner,sloo. Bruenn's Piano House.22B Post
IJEAUTIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT. SAC-
X) nficed; must be sold at once, Iloom 10, Flood
Bnilding, Fourth and Market sts.
tIEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X) & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
C "losing OUT a COMPLETE LINE of
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument tor your summer out in? at small out-
lay; violins. $1- 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accord iocs, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA RRY SCOTT, 929
Market St.. bpreckels building.
"3~To^ FINE CHICKEUING; i-CHMITZ, 16
»_■ 1 «J. McAllister st., next to Hibernla Bank.
HERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY REP-
-0 resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
A RRIVKD— LOT UP CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pfanos: prices and tt-riiu
moderate. H. LUEDERB, 82 Ninth st.
pHIUKKKINU, KNABK, STKCK.VO3E, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our n-w piano tor $187; pianos
•or renL BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 Of arrelu
BYKON MAL'ZY, :«0S POST bT.-HOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Krtt— « pnd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
it H. MtI.I.KR. mak-pr. r-nalrer. '-' I .art-am
HOUSES.
q^k~X^finne^a^dTe^iJare^ with
?J)_.«J. equipments; bargain for boy. 143 Bart-
lett st.
WA.s TED-GOOD, CHEAP BUGGY HORSE.
Apply SPKCK <fe CO., 60- Market st. 1
GOOD, STRONG DELIVERY HORSE; BAB-
gain; $20. Apply 159 Second st.
"I C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HA R-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTTON SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth. ever,- Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. ATKINS, auctioneer.
ff)A SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, can-,, surrey
rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAOONM,
-V bugsies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horaa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <_ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORs-ES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
)»r. Th- llvdo Ranch. 630 Com merclal at.
"WAGONS, AND CARRIAGES.
HORSE, WAGON AND HARNESS FOR
sale cheap. 1418 Alabama si., near Twenty-
sixth.
IGHT DELIVERY WAGON, 1 HORSE,
cheap. 1110 Bryant St.
QTANDING-TOPEOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
0 sample*. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome si.
EW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
— ' dry. milk and grocery v;a?ons: also rockaway
and 2 flee buggies. 828 Harrison at.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
l> ICY CLEB— THREE N EW^WH^ELsT^LSO
X) three show-cases; can be bought cheap at 113
Battery st. •
1 EGHORNS, WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF,
XJ $1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda. : '
F.(\(\ CHICKS: 100 EACH; HATCHED BY
OKJKJ Schule's self-regulating hot-water Incu-
bator; best In the world. 1213 Valencia su
I7IRESH DURHAM COW; MILKS 6 GALLONS;
.gentle. 1312 Folsom st
OR SALE— 2 GOOD MINING PROPERTIES;
one almost ready for operation, having devel-
opment work and mill: the other a regular bullion*
producer, netting $2000 per month. Address Gold
Mines, box 66, Place rville, Cal. .
lOYCLE BARGAINS— LADIES'
and gents' wheels; don't fall to call and inspect
before buying. F. B. RAN Ms & Co., 609
Market st. ■
VfEW & D-H AND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
X> $65. Hamilton Cyclery. Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNTBBS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 11211/2 Market.bet. 7th '& Bth.
IX-HORBEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. . Apply or address 215
Bay st. ■ ,
ifIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
-1 ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal*
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office. -
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
gines; s various sizes ; guaranteed perfect order :
bargain. Q. E.. box 100, Call. . '
AROAINrs TYPEWRITERS: ALL .MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS, EXGIN-S.2D-HANDMACHINKRY,
waterplpes. ' Mclntosh <& Wolpman, 137.8ea1e.
..UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. tor sale. 1166 Mission. :
NE (SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
/ire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
1/1 RE AND BURGLAR SAFE,. LETTER- '
X* press, platform scales and desk:cheap. lOil Clay.
\[EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND 7
li hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California at.
ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW. ~~
"TnDvTc^FliEE^DlVoTrcT^LTw^^l^cT
A alty; private; . no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-al-law, 850 Market.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
. It. E. titles and- wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
\f J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
lvl. Market st.; advice fran.
m J. MURRAY, ATT Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X. law; ad vice free. : 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
IV W.DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-Ar-LAW,42O
IT . California St.. rooms 14 and 16; ml vice free.
SEWING MACHINES. ~~
A KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHaNGEd 7
ii. rented, repaired; lowest rates. SO5 Fourth at.
j PERSONALS.
T^r^aaMA^KSN^^VA^TETrOF^JOHN » HAR
JL HIS, late of Mumba Station, New South Wales,
Australia. Any Information as to his whereabouts
will be thankfully received by JOHN CARROLL,
Central Hotel, 530 Third St., S. F.; Cal. : . , :
\\r ANTKD-GOOD COOK, MAN OR WOMAN,
V » as partner in a restaurant. C, box 4, Call. _
HAIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN-
XX icure, 26c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
tWAHIi— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
socia'.ion offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
\V~aTN TE I >— SEVERAL LADIES AND GEN-
VV tlemen of good character to try experiments;
if satisfactory liberal pay will, be given. Send ad-
dress to I. X. L., box 55. this office. ... .
I>ARTINGTON'S" SCHOOL~OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partitigton. Gertrude
Partington, It. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
claHy -, private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Markets!;.
AZOR EXCHANGE. 030 MARKET ST.;
Xi» fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weens; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
V* low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
ALLORY- <fc .SWANSON, CONTRA CTOHS
and builders; store, bauk and office fixtures.
411 Taylor st. •
A GNES-GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
i_ night at G. LEDiiRER'S, 111 Stockton St.;
don't get him mixed up with the others; he Is
nearest Geary St.: he , is undoubtedly the best and
his price is only 25 cents. BESS.
/CONSUMPTION HEATED BY A NEW
\J method. 1 DR. AMERICAN, SC^ Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30. . ' .
GEO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. . .
SUITS TO OKDKR ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company ,l ll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st: children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c ; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
T IBKUAL ADVANCES ON l>i A.MU.N ah. W-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 048 Market st. ■
QPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors, Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measuiement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
TRUNKS MOVED. 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
1 Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us. . .
1 i ifiA CARDS. $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 y I\)\J tei. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
BK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
\ TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
J\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc ; - also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
J- Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
hTUOXYN-KI, LEADING LADIES' HA IR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; lir.it-clas& laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
IJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market
I.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 So- cor. Jessie.
riLOAKS, CAPES AND Sl/ITo RETAILED AT
\J mfrs" cost. Factor?-. 'JO . Hansom* st- upstair v
\VE_K : NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
TVRESSEsiai UP:"WR APPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505*4 Naroma st., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A__! ctR and $I— socts and $1— 50 r;s and -A
60 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE Is POWKR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DM VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and 'divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure 'bad
habits end destroy evil influences In half tin
time required by the best of toe other ■ mediums.
Remember, there are but tew mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In sa.. Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here 10
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. M. Sundays 2 to 6p. M.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERB,
_ 1728 Market st.
GYPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
vJ gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
1»I future; 25c. 31 1 Ti'hama, upstutK, nr. Fourth.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium, guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materialize*
fore your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; cail and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, celebrated gypsy, GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New. York City; greatest card reader ou
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ROP. C LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs: bust-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9 to 8; also Sunday.
I O NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
1* Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives rot rect information on
love, -■' courtship, marriage.. Journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and u.i family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites t'e separated and causes a speed mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st. ; hours 9to 9.
T7ITHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
X_ ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME.< PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 60c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
■\f ME JiOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVKALS
IVL past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MX. RAVEN A HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ME. AUNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IV
the world; 50c mid (1; shows you the clctoreot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
KTIK.VKII, ' WORLD-RENOWNED MM K.
J t SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 866 Mission.
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .Slates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
~~ SPIRITUALISM.
mEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, lOC. MME.
— . Young, 605 McAllls erst.; skeptics invited.
RS. DR. B. REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium;. life readings with full diag-
nosis of mental and physical difficulties given
without asking questions. ■ 8 Mason st., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8. . ': f : '
4 DDIE SWAIN WILL BE AT 1055 MARKET
__ . gt. but a few days longer: ladies only.
E~ DWIN EARLE WILL OLD A SEANCE AT
Odd Fellows' Hall Sunday night, June 7.
TV/i ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT. 2'fi
Itl yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium : ' sittings $1. 1 21 H Stockton st.
■ ASTROLOGY.
RTiIEXD^IN^W^R^^LirQU^STToNT^Y
planets: dally or by mall, $2. 36y a Geary at.
.______—_— ____-_-_-______ _ ,
DENTISTS.
F"~^r^-clXsT^dlen^s?ryT^fTr^t^cTa^s
1 prices; first-class. results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Butter St., corner PowelL
1 »R. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work. .
DR.L. T. 1 RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1: extracting 50c, with gas $1.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
<_> n A SKT FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
tjp I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LODLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET 8T M
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made; old ? plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
T/ULL: e.J_i\OF-.T__.'i'H, $7; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. VaLsKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. - , ;
1 \B, GEORGE* W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of. painless extraction
and patentee of ..Improved bridge work or , teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
"PAINLESS ACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 van'
experience. : R.L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 815»4 Peary.
I \B. H. H. SHAW, ■ 224 KEARNY — BRiIMSK-
X) wonk a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ /IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 iIAK-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. '
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COB, GOLDEN
Gats aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK . REASONABLE AND W_E"
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market su
- CITY real ESTATJB.
WHY PAY RENTT -'■>': • .-".-' ''-'■< ?';':'■
"1 When you can buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east - side of Cole St., near ' Waller: ■" all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized:
large lots, 25xl'i5. Owner on premises. ' .
C. BEMIS, •■ •■ ; ■■■ -■■■.• - ■• ■■
♦ HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. ' side of Stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet. •
$450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 27:6 feet.on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. -. ' . .. '
% 6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :tf feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. SBSBWfiJMW? ! *3Mi— B— *2^W*SSKB(— I
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. , .
$8500— Elegant W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. . .
GREAT BARGAIN-TO CLOSE OUT PART
vX nership; a well located piece of business prop-
erty on one of the principal business streets of San
Francisco that now pays 5 per cent net on $90,-
-000: will sell at $80,000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building. '
(EMfinn NEW RESIDENCE OF 7 ROOM 3;
*jp~tUUU. bath; modern Improvements; lot
28x125; street work done; one-half cash, balance
at 6y 2 per cent interest. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery St., or 15 Chattanooga st.,
near "Ist. ■■' ' '';^_____ -,-"!;' ■ .-' '-■."
\,l UST BE SOLD IN THE NEXT 10 DAYS.
I*l $10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. >'olsom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
' $2750—2 lots 25x110 each; N. side of Page si.,
37 feet from Shrader; bet. Shrader and Stanyan
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
ARGAIN: SACRIFICE; i>O REASONABLE
'Offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
SHADBI RNK. 415 Montgomery st. - ■ .. ■
A FEW "SPECIAL DRIVES" IN HOME AND
investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 646 Market St. ■■_
or sale— HAVING a FRONTAGE
of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Precita aye. to Serpentine aye., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on south line of Washington m.:25 feet 10
inches east of Dupont: 26x40 feet: with 2-story
brick building thereon; renting for $83 per month;
good tenant.
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
WALTER HOOK at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GKADY.
Mission street acceptea aud sidewalk in front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room: call "and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
A COB MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery at. / .
■L^ORSALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
X lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: finished base-
ment; ro6ms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near -tanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
«_>»_» f|A SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, WILL
«E7OOUU. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro St., near 23d; lot 25x105: fine-
ly decorated spacious rooms: stairs in front hall to
attic: porcelain tub; everything modern through-
out; $30 per month; don't fall to call and examine
It. S. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4075 24. h st.
CHEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley; near station - near good schools.
$375— 39x135; $50 uuwn. $5 monthly,
• $200— Lot 25x130: $5 down, $5 monthly. .
$550- Lot. 50x120; sewered; $25 down, flO
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
TVTEW STYLE RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS :
i> frnshd.: part cash; bal. same rent. ■- b. 62,Ca11.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GOOd7oLD-FASHi6nED NEW ENGLAND
farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; all
under cultivation; 300 acres in wheat; i^-crop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; n.ilk-
house: barns; chicken-house; windmill; family
orchard; ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
6:ock, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75: best value In State.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cat. -■
Ql'linn FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE: 10
tTM)UUIJ. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards. "
<S»r»nnr\ foothi_lhome; 6 ACHES IN
(jJUwU. San Mateo County: 25 miles from
.-an Francisco; hair mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, oath, etc. tine stable tor 4
horses. C. s. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building, San Francisco.
©;(in AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES~IN THiS
i&O\t\J. Russian River; house and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres In the Santa Cru» Mountain:*
CHAKLKS COLTO  906 Market St. . ■•-
-1 AH ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND; FINE
1 \J\J home; cheap. 20 O'Farrell st., room 4. I
17»RU1T ORCHARD INVESTMENT: WILL
1 net 30 percent: 80 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dr.,-
ins; cannery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in tbe Slate. JOHN T. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY, 67 CHRONI-
xV cle bide., are selling choice fruit lands iy 2 hrs
from .san Francisco, at $35 per acre; title p rfect.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 76 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lan I; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
T.IOR HOMES IN LOSG4TOS OR ORCHARDS
I In the vicinity or In Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. . _. ' -, ' .■:•-■:
O.NTKA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOOSTKR A WH ITTON. San Josa.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and l'J aero
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 8 partly Improved,
with smalt house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st. S. F.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
PUOPEKTX TO EXCHANGE.
■TT~A^T^S~^E^R^LTIs~^N^ETEiC^REST
XO valley land, to exchange for Oakland, Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. DECKER, 1020
Market st. ' :
p.nn BARGAINS— WHAT do you want?
OW 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.......... 30.000
100 business plates, all kinds, from S5O to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKi.R, 10-0 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
TO EXCHANGE— AN ELEGANT SUMMER
villa in Santa Cruz -Mountains for clear city
property. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
<ii.il \t\fl FINE iTlisiDE N CE, ( >GDKN,
{JpUUUU. Utah: 7 rooms and modern: fine
barn; 1% acres In fruit: will trade ior Calif rnia
property: other good propositions. E. E.BU.NCE,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. ■ -
OtQ^AA EQUITY EXCHANGE FOR CITY,
*irOO\J\J. Oakland or Alameda— 32 acres; !*e-
bastopol: 800 fruit trees; fine berry and vegetable
land; house, barn, etc. I. SCHAKFF, 18 Post st.
lOQii ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
XZiOVr water: fine for cattle-rnlslug. N..bx.16.Ca1l
MEDICAL.
RS. GOODWIN, WISE ASES OF WOMEN A
special y; unexcelled In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home In confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister at.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored in ft few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; . travelers helped without - delay; pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St.. near Larktn.
DR. JONSELYN, THE GREAT BPKCI • LIST,
XJ has removed to 1206 Market st, near Sixth.
■pSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
J paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, Insanity, female
weakness, nervous : disorder, \ heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason st.,
corner Market, room 11. • ..' ' '
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"DEOARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacPonongh. building, Oakland. -•-■'-■'--: ■'-
R& DR. WKOENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. : . .
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dls-
X ease see MRS. DR. PUKTZ. . 254% Fourth su
■VI ICE PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT;
I all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny St., room 0.~
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for - all female . troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POP PER, 318 Kearny st.
L)RIVATE hom.~e"in confinement. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda. \-
BLESSING TO. LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities ": and .- diseases peculiar ; to
their sex; * latest improved method of « treatment:
DeTer falls: perfectly harmless : free from any bad
effects; : never * makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately -. prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. -' ' DR. & MRS.
DA Y IKS, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
QPRE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with every • comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk St.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKAH
;Jodp3. ■: Diseases of women and children. ; : . .
A LPBAU'S i FRENCH v PILLM— A i BOON -TO
__. ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; ■ $2 60 oppress C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOJ> BROS.; Oakland, CeO.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ■ ~^
fli^fin FRUIT VALE HOME; SPECIAL
tip \J\J. bargain: house of 7 rooms and bath:
fine well and tank: conservatory, chicken-houses
and outbu Mings; an abundance of fruit and flow-
ers: lot 140x200. . For terms see I Frultvaie Land
Company, rultvale station. • ■ - .- '-.---■ ■- '
SI Of I A 6 ACRES: 21/3 IX BEARING
<ID I Ol'U. fruits: well located. ALDEN &
KRONENBBRO. 902 Broadway, Oakland. V
<2?1 1 F\(\ 1 ACRE; 4-ROOM "house, CHICK
*ipLXU\J. en-house and family orchard. AL-
UE.V&KRO.NE.xBER .902 Broadway, Oakland.
<2»9(inn HOUSE 8 R tOMS: LOT 30x115:
IJP.JUUU. near station: must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh at., Center station, Oakland.
fl;Q7r; $500 CAN REMAIN ON MORTGAGE:
ts)UtO. neat cottage, 4 rooms; lot 40x111 feet-,
fine flower garden, etc.: south side Thirty-ninth
aye.: sixth house west from Telegraph aye. CHAS.
C. FISHER, 607 California St., San Francisco.
CifinOn TO LOAN ON GOOD SECURITY
tipUV/UV/ at 12 percent: money on band: no
commission. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land.
<n»')7r;fi READ t read read; *»o PER
»C— j • — '— ' . month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house: bath: lot 35x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland. ;
I AM AUTHORIZED BY THE BANK TO
sell tbe following property: ■
First— Lot 2tixl4o, running through to wide
alle/, cottage 5 rooms, almost new; In Al con-
dition: fronting on city Dark: convenient to elec-
tric cars and local; cost original owner $2500;
price $1*00: terms, 9200 to $100 cash; balance,
mortgage.
Second— loo feet front on principal residence
street, corner; street macadamized, sewered, ce-
ment walks; modern cottage 6 rooms: first-class
condition: cost original owner $4500: can be
bought for *2500; terms $500 cash, balance mort-
gage.
Third— feet front on Telegraph aye.; prop-
erty In this location considered worth $20 to $30
per front foot: this property will be closed out for
$12 per front foot; terms, part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. •
OR SEVERAL HOUSES; $4 TO $10.
Inquire MRS. M. P. McCOU.iTNEY, cor. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
O^RENTV$ i 17 50 6 V, 7-r6oM~FLAt7
no dark or inside rooms: "losets: stoves all set;
water: dumb-waiter: 956 Union St., • Oakland.
A.H. BREED AC '.. 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
<& 1 IHA LOT 50x190: STRKET WORK ALL
O-i- X \.i\J. done; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 1.-room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location in Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Ben ton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st. .
\\r ANTED AN OFFER FOR A 30-FOOT
" business lot on Park st.; has a nice cottage
that will pay 6 per cent in rent; also five roomed
cottage on San Antoniaave. J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park st. ' ■ ■ - ■
BARGAIN— $1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 ra-h;
balance $1335 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms- 4, 5,* 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash ; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St., Alameda.
ASN AP-IF YOU WANT TO BKE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure If you wished to buy It will suit you, as It
is for sales 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished; open most every afternoon. fciEO. B.
M.GRAY. 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
•4 free. ■
J A^ROjO^S^T^^EJT JL^
3~*01T~5 NICK KOOMS, FURNISHED FOR
housekeeping: very convenient. 3219 Briggs nv.
UJii:K._:_.liY KKAL estate.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
(J insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
OOD HOMKS FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. 1 O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
A LTA PUNT A TR^CtT^ThITgEM^F^THB
-i\ bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 leet, from $80 to
$-00: small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGH r , 220 Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal.
f^SP A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
&Z& WEEKLY CALL. IP wrapper, tor mailing.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
C^^E^T^cTHolcE^nF^^LOCA^rKKr^lN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. "
I^OR RENT-FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS
r and batn; piano; $30. 2014 Virginia st., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
-A Columbia Loan & Collateral office, 9 Grant aye.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
1 to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
I OANS ON KEAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMOND.*!, WATCHES,
— '— jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORK, 948 Market St.: open evenings.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE.-*;
— — estates, undivided interests, real estate in sro>
bate. McCOLGAN. '24 Montgomery, room 3.
LOANS* ON BONDS, DIAMOND?, WATCHES,
XJ Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: Interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; disireet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
jM pst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office, -
1 106 Market at.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
I |IKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
O life Insurance policies, 33u Pine s:. -
OANB ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
"I ST & 2D MORTGAGES: JNTERKSTS IN E3-
J- totes :lowest ratea:no dt>lnv.MrßPHY.62BMrkt.
PAWNBROKERS.
T 129~lKEARNY J ST.. ~ROOM~9^MOnEy
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta; low rates: p_«
vat« rooms; elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
MONEY WANTED.
VI ONE Y WANTED IM M ED ATELY ON CIT Y
■IVI real estate. Apply at 17 Hickory aye.
.LEGAL NOTICES.
"T^XILD^JF^O^TTCA^T^rFX'ivi^ETING
J\ of the Board of New City Hall CommlMloners,
held June 3. 1896, the following resolution was
passed to print: .
Resolved, That Contract No. 84, work and
materials In ■■■ the rotunda and tower-dome, be
awarded the San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works for $83.31146. That Contract No. 85,
marble and lie work in rotunda and tower-dome
be awarded the California Travertine Co.. first
floor. $16,584: second tier of gallery, W. H. Mc-
Cormick, $4156 80; grand stairway. W. H. Mo-
Cormick, $5351 50. For piatn glass. Contract No.
86, be awarded F. N. Woods & Co., $900. That
Contract No. 88, electrical elevator, ■ northeast
wing, be awarded Cabill & Hall Co. for $3675, and
that the same pass to print.
Commission^ rs Taylor, Creswell, Broder-
lck. . J. J. McCAKTHY, Secretary.
TTNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, NINTH
U Judicial Circuit, . Northern District of Cali-
fornia. • • . '
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. ::"■".;■"■-■-■■■---:■ -■■;.,'■■ - ■■■■ -.=
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
ot the United States It is flM__iaifaHMlMm*tfl_P
Ordered that a special ' session of the Circuit
Court of the United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, In * and ; for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby Is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of . said court In the
United Slates Appraisers', building, -in the City
and County of San Francisco, in . said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 1 1 o'clock a. if. -" . witiiHflWWrWßrm^
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896.
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA,
Unlied States Circuit . Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict.
To BARRY BALDWIN ; Esq., United States
: Marshal, Northern District of California,
And W. J. CtfSTIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
■ Circuit Court. > ortnern District of California.
PHYSICIANS.
"pE-XTvED— DX. C. CV O'DONNELL ToTrioS
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. v
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market St.; his SO years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
STORAGE.
HTRO^J^YT^7_23TISSrON— STORAGE^AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, $1 50 per load
STORAGE— APEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
T?URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAri. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post.
LOWEST RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc J. M. Pierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW~WHEELS TO
X best accommodations. . Terminus Geary, Mo-
All later and Powell at. car lines . .
JIAKiUAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were lssusl by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: \
F. R. Donald and Kate T. Voorheeg, 38—35.
C. H. H lgsins and Nellie A. Ska;?s, 37-32.
John H. Sam mi and Emily M. Cogswell, 28—24.
Frank L. Kruse and Mary A. Quill, 25—20.
DIVOIiCJi PKOCJ-i-_> __!__.
Complaints filed:
Lillie Stuppel against Caspar Stuppel.
Emma M. Beat against George W. Best.
Daniel J. Fulton against Celeste M. Fulton.
Alice M. Machovitch against J. H. Machovitch.
Ada Lewis against William Lewis.
Divorce granted:
S. P. from G. A. Preston,' willful desertion and
neglect. -
Ida Marks from Isaac Marks, willful desertion.
Sadie L. Hill from Truman L. Bill; oruelty.
BIIITIL.— MARRIAGES— fIm__:
1 Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices- and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persona autUoris«l
to have the name published. J
BORN.
BARRAZA— In this city, May 28, 1896, to the
wife of Ascencion Barraza, a son.
GAETECKE— To the wife of Gustave Gaetecke,
a son.
SMITH— In Oakland, May 19. 1896, to the wife of
A. J. Smith, a son. '
MARRIED.
ADAMS— CAIRNS— In this city, June 3, 1896, at
the First United Presbyterian Church, by the
Rev. M. M. Gibion, D.D., Charles Frank Adams
and Elizabeth J. Cairns, both of San Francisco.
AULD— HALL-At Oak Dell, the residence of the
bride's father, Nathan Hull, June 3, 1896, by
the Rev. Frank N. ureeley, Robert L. Auld of
San Francisco and Kdna B. Hall of West Side.
BERENDSEN— BANNICK— In this city, Jane 3,
1896, by the Rev. Hermann Gebrcke. Julius
Berendsen and Anna liauuick, both of San Fran
Cisco.
SHEPAARD— LAX-In this cltv. June 3. 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Dllle, James H. sh»paard and ,
Edith E. E. Lax, both of San Francisco.
DliiD. ,
Doherty, Katie Miller, Oertrufi*
Ferrel, Florence Philip, Miss Mar. a
Fisher, John Roberts. Stephen N.
Grove, Samuel Sahia. Ferdinand J.
Hald, Willie H. Stalling, Henry
McLennon. John Schunerer, Mrs. A.
Madden, John . Ternlto, Carlo
- Tynan, Rose
CUNNINGHAM- In this city, June 4, 1898,
- Rlcnard C. Cunningham, late of Han Bruno, be-
loved father of Robert V., George W. and Alice
L Cunningham and Mrs. C a. Muller, a native
of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 67 years.
43r*Frlenas and acquaintances are resDectr
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:25 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, 306 .Grove street, thence to m. Mary 'a
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn,
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Piease omit flowers.' Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY, ST. IGNATIUS
Church— are requested to attend the funeral
of our late brother sodalist, Richard C. Cun-
ningham, from his late residence, 306 Grove
street, as per above notice. By order.
JAMES R. KKLLY, Prefect.
Chas. A. McAuli-Ff, Secretary.
DOHERTY— In this City, Jun» 4, 1898, Katie
Doheny, dearly beloved daughter of tbe late
John and of Margaret Doherty, a native of Mora,
New Mexico, aged 20 years 4 months and 4 days.
A_rFrienas and acquaintances are rcSDeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday) at 8 -.30 o'clock a. m. from the resi-
dence of her mo:her, 166 Fifth street, thence to
the ' Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem tnas3 will be celeorat
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
o'clock a. _. Interment .St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
HALD— In this city. June 4, 1898. Willie Henry,
beloved son of Captain Henry and Jennie Hald *
of Montara Foe-signal station, a native of Point
Montara. San Mateo County, Cal., aged 1 year 4
months and 14 days. • .
Car Friends and acquaintances are respect-
~ fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at '1 o'clock a. if., from the residenos
of his grandDareuts, 1214 York street, between
Twenty-fourth and ■> Twenty- fifth. . Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FERRELL— In this city, Jnne 1, 1898, Florence
I Ferre'l, a native of Massachusetts, aged 27 years.
FISHER— In this city, June 3, 1896. John Fisher
a native of Germany, aged 40 years.
GROVE— In this city. June 5, 1896, Samuel
Grove, a native of Ohio, aged 60 years 2 months
and 5 days.
McLENNON— In this city, "June 4. 1896, John
. McL»nnon, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ASTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of the san Francisco Undertaking Com-
I pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell
streets, for services, commencing at 1 o'clock
p. m. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city, June 4. 1896, John Mad-
den, a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
. 63 years.
MILLER— June 5, 1896, Gertrude, beloved daugh-
ter of the late Robert and of Alice Miller, a native
1 of Frederic ton. N. 8., Canada, aged 15 yean 5
months and 20 days.
O'TOOLE— In this city, June 5, 1896, John, be-
loved husband of Emma O'Toole. and only son
of Colman and Catherine O'Too a native of
Kentucky, azed 29 years and 11 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW .
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 4 Printtle court, off Greenwich street, '
between Sansome and Montgomery, thence to
St, Francis Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILIP— this city. June 5. 1896, Marta Philip,
daughter of Mrs. and the late J. M. Philip, and
sister of Helen Philip, a native of Hamburg,
Oermanv. aired 2(* years 4 months and 5 days.
43" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Saturday), at
2 o'clock p. _.. at her late residence, 2020 Mutter
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REAKDON— In this cifv. June 5. 1896, Alma
Marie, dearly beloved Infant daughter of Charles
A. and Emma Reardon, a native of tan Fran- '
Cisco, aged 7 months and 15 days.
ROBERTS— In this city, June 4, 1898. Stephen
N. ' Roberts, a native of Dover, N. H.. aged
66 years 5 months and 7 days. [Boston and
Dover papers please copy.J
A firm and faithful friend In time of need,
Honest and true. In thought and word and deed,
Thy gen'rous hear; no base impulses knew, .- -
Farewell beloved one, a fond adieu. W. L
Masonic services In King Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
' 1:30 o'clock M., under the . auspices of Call
fornla Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.. to which al-
- friends and acquaintances are respectfully lnl
vited. ■
SAHLA— In this city. June 4, 1896, Ferdinand J.,
husband of the late Catherine Sahia. and beloved
father of Rosa Sahla, a native of Hungary, aged
67 years and 13 days. A member of Martha
■ Lodge No. 241, K. and L. of H.
. Friends and acquaintances are rMuns.
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 120» Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment LO. o. F. Cemetery.
BCHMIERER— In this city, June 5, 1896, A ppe.
tonla, beloved wife of Gottlieb Schmlerer, a
native of Bayern, Rheinpfalz, Germany, aged 68
. years 8 months and t> days.
O. d. H. The officers and members of tbe
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. a, are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Henry Stalling ot Seattle Lodge No. 2,
TO-MORROW (Sunday), from our hall, 510
Bush St., at 2p. v. By order of „,___ __
Wh. Rehkeb, Sec. F. RKIMERS, Pret.
STALLING— In this city, June 8, 1896. Henry
Stalling, a native of Oldenburg, Germany, aged
41 years and 2 months. a B»3ffl
Friends and ~ acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from Red Men's
Kail, 510 Bush street, where services wtll be
held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 6,
0. d. H. S. Remains at the parlors of Gantner
& Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall square. . Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— InOakIand, June 5, 1896, at his resi-
dence, 853 Twenty-second street, Patrick, be-
' loved husband of Nora Sullivan and father of
Mrs. James Smith and of the late Frank J.Sul-
. livan, a native or Ireland, aged 58 years. - . -
Nonce of funeral hereafter.
TERNITO— In this city. June 4, 1896, Carlo Ter-
nlto. a native of : Philippine Island*, aged 71
. years. fr'MWnffijfl- BM-HJ BB_lBMg— ffigfr
TYNAN— In this city, June ft, 1896, Rose, beloved
wife of the late Thomas Tynan, mother of Mrs.
J. A. Foley. and sister of Mrs. Charles Veitch,
a native . of ■ County Donegal, Ireland, aged :60
B years.
■ Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
. folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), «t 8:30 o'clock A.-., from her late
residence. 508V2 rove street, thence to . Sacred
Heart Cnurch, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it
WALL— In this city, June 6, 1896, Kathleen Pris-
. cilia, beloved daughter of John A. and Alice M.
'- M. Wall, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 4 months. " ' ffICWWi I Ffr'UHtM
Bf_- Notice of funeral hereafter
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUN R RAL DIBECTOBS * EMBALM Kits,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.Telephone 3080.
1516
CHECK-MITE FOR
THE JUNTA MEN,
Buckleyites of the Fourth
District Name Mr.
Maguire.
THEIR CAMPAIGN PLANS
A Committee Named to Present
the Full City Delegation's
Claim at Sacramento.
STANTON ELECTED CHAIKMAN.
Merriment Over the Junta Gold Bags*
Nomination of a Thorough-
Going Silverite.
"When the 161 delegates elected to the
Democratic State Convention at the recent
anti-Junta primaries came together last
night in Pythian Castle it took them but
a short time to organize and arrange their
plan of campaign for enforcing recogni
tion by the Sacramento convention.
Then Senator M. J. Donovan cast an ap
ple of discord into the meetine by present
ing a set of resolutions denouncing the
Junta for nominating a candidate for Con
gresß from the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict in the person of Hon. James G.
Maguire and recommending that the
"regulars" of the district nominate the
same gentleman for the same honor.
This threw wide open the fountain of
eloquence, and in the gush that followed
the Junta was reviled, Maguire lauded and
the Buckleyites painted as the creme de la :
creme of the local Democracy and its only
"reeular" representatives.
After an hour or more of this pastime
the Donovan resolutions were carried with
but a few dissenting votes, and, later, the
Fourth District Convention met and regu
larly nominated the man with whose re
flected prestige they hope to make favor
at Sacramento.
Chairman Rothschild called the delega
tion to order and announced that nomina
tions for chairman of the delegation were
in order. Dr. James I. Stanton was [
elected by acclamation.
Chairman Stanton plunged immediately
into tbe business of the meeting by stating
that it was for the purpose of arranging
plans for securing recognition of the dele
gation at Sacramento.
M. J. Donovan riled the credentials of
the delegation with the chairman and
stated that a copy of them had been for
warded to tne Democratic State Central
Committee.
William F. Humphreys was elected sec
retary of the delegation by acclamation.
A. J. Clunie stated that he believed the
first thing necessary to secure the recogni
tion of the delegation at Sacramento was
that the pledge taken by the voters at the
primaries should De indorsed by the dele
gation.
He asked for the reading of the pledge
and it was duly read. It imposes support
of a free-silver measure and opposes the
refunding of the debts of the Central and
Union Pacific railroads.
A motion was made and carried to in
dorse this pledge and also the candidacy
of Hon. W. W. Foote, Senator Stephen
M. White and Congressman James G.
Maguire as delegates at large to the Demo
cratic National Convention.
Joseph Rothschild moved that a com
mittee of seven be appointed to present
the claims of the delegation before the
committee on credentials at Sacramento.
This was adopted after being amended by
increasing the number of the committee to
fifteen.
Senator Donovan sprang something of a
surprise in the introduction of the follow
ing resolution :
Whereas, The band of disoiganizing con
spirators controlled by Mr. McNab on last
Monday night in secret meeting at the orders
of Mr. McNab nominated the Hon. J. G.
Maguire for Congress in the Fourth Congres
sional District; and whereas, said action seems
strange after the said band of conspirators
had ai its meetine a few days previous refused
to consider the name of the Hon. J. G. Maguire
for even an indorsement as a member of the
Democratic National Convention under the
orders ol MrNab, he saying that Judge
Maguire had done notbing for the
Junta; and whereas, "the Hon. J. G.
Maguire did on November 20, 1895, in
B'nai B'rith Hall brand the statement tha: the
general committee had adjourned sine die in
Metropolitan Temple and that the conspira
tors headed by McXab had any legal or moral
right to claim to represent the Democratic
party as false and without foundation in fact,
and whereas, the Honorable J. G. Magnire did
reaffirm these statements in a telegram from
nis seat in Congress in the Capitol of tbe
United States, Washington, D. C, on March
the 16th of this year, and whereas, this sud
den change of the leading conspirators was
brought about only by the Democrats who are
following them and whom they are mislead
ing, discovering their worship of gold and the
corporate interest and loudly denouncing
their action in this matter and force them un
willing to a change of front, which change
was made only that they might dupe them
the better, and whereas, the said lead
ing conspirator was expelled from the
reorganized Democracy, over the des
tinies of which the Honorable J. J.
Dwyer and the Hon. J. F. Sullivan presided, for
betray in c the party and opposing the Hou. J.
J. McDade ior Sheriff, a gentleman he was
pledged to support, and; whereas, the
said leading conspirator who whipped
the rest of the disorganizes around
did in the Democratic State Convention held
in the Baldwin Theater in the month of Au
gust, 1894, place in nominatron the Hon. J. G.
Maguire lor Governor of this State, while he
had at the same time in his pocket the
proxy of the Hon. Jumes H. liudd, another
candidate for Governor, and in coming down
from the platform through the audience after
placing Maguire in nomination, did tell his
friends to vote for Budd; therefore be it
Resolved, That we believe it to be the inten
tion of the conspirators under this man's con
trol to encompass the defeat of the Hon. J. G.
Maguire for Congress and thus deprive the
people of a powerful advocate of their inter
ests and remove from the way of the goldbugs
and the associate corporations their most dan
gerous opponent, and in this we claim to be
justified beyond doubt by the record of this
NEW TO-PAY. J' _
Wohbh Airo Women Oklt are most com-
petent to fully appreciate the purity, sweet-
ness, and delicacy of Cuticora Soap, and
to discover new uses for it dally. To cleanse,
petrify, and beautify the skin, to allay itch. '
Ing and irritation, to heal chafings, excoria-
t ions, and ulcerativ'e weaknesses, nothing so
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective as warm
baths with Cuticura Soap, followed, when 1
necessary, by mild applications of CUTICURA -
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Bold throughout the world. Price, Cot'cc»a, 50c. i
Boaf. 2Sc.; Resolvent. 50c.. «nd SI. Potteb Dedo
ASD Cbem. Corp., Sole Proprietors, Boston. :
mr " How to Produce Loxurunt Hair," nailed free.
their master in the past as shown at every op
portunity.
Resolved, That we indorse the candidacy of
the Hon. J. G. Mauuire for delegate-at-large to
the Democratic National Convention to be
held in Chicago, and pledge him our votes for
said honor in the Democratic State Conven
tion to be held in Sacramento on the 16th of
June.
Resolved, That we take a recess of half an
hour and that during said recess recommend
the Fourth Congressional District to organize
and nominate the Hon. J. G. Maguire for
Congress.
Resolved, That after the Hon. J. G. Maguire
is nominated for Congress that it is the duty
of each and every member of this delegation
and of the Democratic party of this County
generally to watch the conspirators and their
leader to see that they do not betray Judge
Maguire, as their master did the Hon. J. J.
McDade, though, unsuccessfully, and as he did
the Hon. James G. Maguire successfully less
lhan two years ago.
Tom Gallagher spoke against the advisa
bility of nominating Maguire at this time
and advocated that he be simply indorsed
until the delegation was properly and
authoritatively seated by the action of the
State Convention, and concluded by mov
ing to strike out that clause which recom
mended the immediate nomination of
Maguire.
Donovan combatted this view, claiming
that the delegation was properly elected
and was the legal and regnlar represeiita*
tive of the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco.
' Rothschild supported the amendment,
alleging that it would be in baa taste to
make the nomination before the delega
tion was duly recognized by the State
Convention. He further declared that the
Junta's action in nominating Judge Ma
guire for Congress was wholly null and
without value. He advocated the post
ponement of action on this matter until
after the State Convention.
Walter Gallagher created some merri
ment by referring to the fact that the Junta
gold bug delegation in nominating Maguire
for Congress had nominated a man well
known to be in favor of free coinage. He
designated the action of the Junta in
nominating Maguire as making a merit of
necessity.
T. Carl Spelling offered a substitute for
the whole providing that Maguire be in
dorsed for the Fourth Congressional nomi
nation for Congress. This was accepted
by Tom Gallagher.
Donovan declared he was ready to
change the objectionable resolution so as
to provide only for the indorsement of
Mnguire so as to meet the wishes of the
more timid.
Colonel O'Byrne opposed action at this
time, saying that even if the delegation
was refused recognition at Sacramento it
could as an independent body nominate
him.
Andrew J. Clunie strongly advocated
the immediate nomination of Maguire.
' He said that there was railroad influence
at work to prevent the nomination of
Maguire, and if the delegation did not act
at once it would be inviting the stigma of
being under tne collar of the Southern Pa
cific Company. Hecontinuep:
"Let us nominate him now, and if we
come back from Sacramento victorious we
can nominate him again. But let us act
now and show just where we stand. If you
dou't take this action now you put a chain
around the neck of the wholedelegation
when it goes to Sacramento. Set aside all
I technicalities and nominate him."
M. G. Sears raised a point of order that
only delegates of the Fourth District had
the right to speak on the matter under dis
cussion.
Tom Gallagher stated that recognition
at Sacramento would not be asked as a
favor and because the delegation was
friendly to Judge Maguire, but as aright.
He added that the delegation was going
before a prejudiced body at Sacramento,
and mat it would be much like a defend
ant being tried .by a biibed jury. He
therefore advised caution and wisdom.
Chairman Stanton decided Sears' point
of order as not well taken, as the resolu
tion simply makes a recommendation and
does not impose action.
Donovan exhorted the delegates of the
Fourth District to act as he desired, and
told them it had gone out that they were
not honest in their opposition to the fund
ing bill, nor in their advocacy of Maguire's
renomination.
James H. O'Brien was desirous of being
given a chance to vote for the nomination
of Maguire, as he said he might not
again have a chance to do so.
Spelling's substitute to indorse Magnire
was lost, and Gallagher's amendment to
strike out shared the same fate.
Donovan's resolution was then adopted
as presented by him, and Chairman Stan
ton then announced the following com
mittee to present the case of the delega
tion before the State Convention : Charles
L. Ackerman, James H. O'Brien, Horace
G. Platt, Henry Ach, Joseph Rothschild,
M. J. Donovan, Reel B. Terry, William F.
Humphrey, J. C. Nealon, Peter F. Dunne,
Andrew J. Clunie, Walter Gallagher, E.
B. Young, Franir. J. Fallon, Timothy
Tracey.
Chairman Stanton on motion of Roths
child was added to the cammittee.
P. A. Dolan moved for the adoption of
the anti-A. P. A. resolutions adopted by
the Buckiey General Committee. They
were adopted without debate.
Recess was then declared to allow the
Fourth District delegation to carry out the
behests of the Donovan resolution.
The Fourtti District Convention was
called to order by Joseph Rothschild.
Dr. Stanton was elected chairman and
William F. Humphreys secretary of the
convention.
After the business before the convention
was stated Timothy Tracey nominated
Hon. James G. Maguire for Congressman,
declaring in tne course of his brief eulogy
that if Congressman Maguire were to be
taken up by the Democrats of the country
he could be elected President of the United
States.
All the resolutions adopted by the San
Francisco delegation were indorsed, the
secretary was instructed to telegraph Con
gressman Maguire of his nomination, and
the Fourth District Convention was ad
journed to meet at the call of the chair.
On the reconvening of the entire San
i Francisco delegation the following com
mittees to act in connection with the trip
to Sacramento were announced:
Transportation —J. C. Nealon, Colonel
O'Byrne, Thomas Glynn.
Headquarters— Senator Donovan, Philip Bul
ger, John A. Stein bach.
Badees— Timothy Tracey, D. J. Gavigan, J.
H. O'Brien.
Adjournment was then taken to the call
of the chair .
Kndeavorers Give a Concert.
The Golden Gate Union Christian Endeavor
gave a concert last night in the Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium for the benefit of the launch fund.
There was a fair attendance. The pro
gramme was well received : Song, "What Shall
He Have That Killed the Deer," by the Knick
erbocker Male Quartet, aud "Merrily Goes the
Mill" as an encore: piano, (o) "Tarantella," (6)
"Fantnisle Impromptu," Roecoe Warren Lucy;
'•The Clouds Arc Gathering Darkly O'er Me,"
song by D. M. Lawrence; reading, "The Ob
structive Hat in the Pit," by Miss Zillah M.
Coonley; "The Scout," a gong by Knicker
bocker Male Quartet; "Hozaana," soprano solo
by Miss Millie Fiynn; reading, Miss Zillah M.
Coonley; "Sally in Our Ally," song by Knick
erbocker Male Quartet.
• — ♦— •
Trade and Labor Alliance.
The Central Trade and Labor Alliance met
last night, at its new headquarters, 102
O'Farrell street, every union represented in
the alliance being represented by delegates.
A communication was received from the
Building Trades Council calling the attention
of the alliance to the boycott on the Parrott
block and requesting the indorsement of the
alliance in the boycott against that building.
The matter was reierred to the executive com
mittee to investigate. The alliance will meet
again at the same place Friday evening, June
12, at 8 o'clock, when the report of the execu
tive committee will come up. The meeting was
presided over by J. Less of tne Barbers' Union.
Theodore Lynch of the Fraternity of Hotel and
Restaurant Employes acted as secretary of tlie
meeting.
Idea Bike Club Organized.
The Idea Bike Club is the latest acquisition
to the local cycle club list. It has an original
membership of twenty-five young men, resi
dents oi the south side. The officers elected
for the present season are: President, L.
Mark*; secretary and treasurer, L. Levin; ser
geant-at-arms, D. Davis. One of the foremost
riders in the club is Mortimer J. Davis, only
recently a devotee of the wheel. The club will
make its maiden run on Sunday, wben Hay
wards will be the objective point of the wheel
men. Captain L. Marks and Lieutenant Bytz
Kellany will be in command of the company.
THE SA:tf FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1896.
PHILBROOK OUT
FOR A JUDGESHIP,
Will Run Without the In
dorsement of Any
Party.
GATHERING SIGNATURES
Only Lacks a Hundred Names
ol Enough to Run Inde
pendent.
HIS TIGHT AGAINST HIS FATE.
The Disbarred Attorney Will Make
a Strong Personal Canvass
for Votes.
Horace W. Philbrook, the attorney, who
is well known from the fact that he was
disbarred by the Supreme Court of the
State from practicing in any of the State
courts because of bis strictures on the de
cisions of California's highest tribunal,
and from the fight he made to be rein
stated, is to be a candidate for Judge of
the Superior Court at the next election.
Mr. Philbrook is nothing if not plentifully
supplied with assurance, and will not ask
the aid of any political party in his candi
dacy. Of course, he may not be able to
get indorsement, but, be that as it may,
he is out for a political j ob, and is not letting
the grass grow under his feet either.
All that is necessary for a man who as
pires for political honors to run indepen
dently is to get the signatures of 3 percent
of the voters of the city in which he is to
be a candidate to a petition in his behalf.
Under the law this entitles him to
recognition and a place on the official
ticket, which is the only one under the
Australian ballot system.
For weeks past Philbrook has been in
dustriously circulating a petition that he be
allowed to run independently for Superior
Judge. Tirelessly he ha& gone from office
to office in the great office buildings of the
town getting the signatures of men who
had been his friends in the palmy days
when his standing before the courts was
good.
Nor was his quest unsuccessful. Day
after day the list of names has grown
longer until he now has 1700 signatures.
As he only requires 1800, and the business
portion of the town has not nearly been
worked ov«, his prospects of getting on
the ticket are good. As soon as the ticket
matter is settled Philbrook intends to go
into the field to talk himself into office. It
is expected that he will rely much upon
sympathy for his votes.
Philbrook made a hard but ineffectual
fight against tbe mandate of the court
when the edict went forth that thereafter
he was to be outside the pale.
He attempted several times to begin
practice, but the Superior Courts where he
appeared as counsel obeyed the orders of
the Supreme Court and refused to allow
him to conduct litigation before them.
Then Philbrook tried the plan of having
claims assigned to himself and appearing
as attorney for himself, but this did not
turn out very satisfactory results. He
finally abandoned the fight. The only
place where he could carry on his profes
sion was the Federal courts and here he
appeared in a number of cases, notably the
Garcelon trust litigation.
DEADLOCK TO BE BROKEN.
Plans for the Municipal Building Will
Be Awarded Within Two Weeks.
For many weeks the question of deciding
between competing architects plans for the
new municipal building on Kearny street
has been agitating the Board of Super
visors, and they have been unable to
arrive at a decision. Yesterday a com
mittee of North End property - owners
waited upon Supervisor Edward L. Wag-
Edward L. Wagner.
ner and, after detailing to him tbe dam
age that is being caused daily to tbe north
ern section of the City by the delay in
commencing work upon the structure,
urged him to make an effort to break the
deadlock in the board.
After listening to the statement of the
committee Mr. Wagner said that he
realized the injustice of the delay, and
promised the committee that he would
within two weeks bring about an under
standing whereby the plans would be
awarded. The committee, after express
ing their heartfelt thanks to Mr. Wagner,
retired, and afterward instructed their
secretary, Robert E. McGregor, to arrange
for a grand ratification meeting as soon as
the plans are awarded. *
For several weeks past the vote in the
board has stood: Shea & Shea 6, W. O.
Banks 5, and Mooser & Mooser 1, Super
visor Wagner being the one who voted for
Mooser & Mooser. Seven votes are neces
sary for a choice.
Matinee for Charity.
A matinee entertainment for the benefit of
the Armitage Orphanage will be given at the
Association Auditorium this afternoon. A
number of talented local performers are ex
pected to assist.
The Crisp Modernity,
Scintillant satire and fearless expression
of opinion on the contemporaneous world
of art, letters, commerce and politics were
never more brilliantly evidenced than in
to-day's issue of the 8. F. News Letter.
The editorials are vigorous, drastic and
just, and the "Looker On" columns are
bright with well-told anecdote and jest
AT CLEARANCE PRICES!
— : — ~ ~~
As the result of our GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE our
Saturday patrons are enabled to select from a variety of stylish and
seasonable lines at
Tremendous Reductions from Actual Values!
LACES! LACES! LACES!
AT OM-THIRD OF REGULAR PRICES.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
1364 pieces Butter. Point Venise, Cream
Normandy, Valenciennes, Black and
Cream Chantilly, Torchon and Valen-
ciennes Laces, regular price 10c and
12 Kc, reduced to 5c a yard.
At 10 Cents a Yard.
1869 pieces Black, Butter and Cream Chan-
tilly and Applique, Black Bourdon,
Butter Irish Point, Normandy Valen-
ciennes and Oriental Laces, regular
price 20c, 25c and 30c, reduced to 10c a
yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
1480 pieces Black, Cream and Butter Chan-
tilly and ApDlique, Black Net-Top
Bourdon, Butter and Ivory Lierre and
Oriental, Black Chantilly Guipure and
Linen Shade Batiste Insertions, regu-
lar price 30c and 35c, reduced to 15c a
yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
1231 pieces Butter and Ivory Lierre and
Oriental, Ivory, Cream, Butter and
Black Chantilly, Black Bourdon and
Chantilly Guipure, Ivory, Butter and
Black Applique Laces, regular price
45c, 50c and 60c, reduced to 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
1046 pieces Butter, Ivory and Black Ap-
plique Chantilly; Butter and Ivory
Lierre and Oriental; Black Net-Top
Bourdon and Chantilly Guipure Laces;
Applique Lace in black groun d, em-
broidered Butter, regular price 65c, 75c
and 85c, reduced to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents a Yard.
832 pieces Butter, Ivory, Cream and Black
Applique; Black, Cream and Butter
Chantilly, Ivory and Butter Lierre and
Oriental Laces, regular price 90c and
$1, reduced to 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
649 pieces Black, Cr«am and Butter Chan-
tilly, Ivory and Butter Lierre and Ori-
entai, Butter, Ivory and Black Ap-
plique Lace, regular price $125 and
$1 50, reduced to 50c a yard.
IJf^j Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
TWO POSTOFFICE
ROBBERS CAUGHT.
Inspector Gordon Makes
What May Be an Im
portant Capture.
A BIG GANG AT WORK.
Over Thirty Robberies in Wash
ington and Oregon Within
the Past Year.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE EAST.
Neat Scheme Adopted by the Thieves
to Secure the Contents of a
Burglar-Proof Safe.
Inspector Gordon has written Superin
tendent Munro informing him of the cap
ture at Rosalia, Whitman County, Wash.,
of John E. Adams and George E. Davis,
accused of robbing the postoffice at Pull
man, Wash., May 20.
In official circles it is regarded as one of
the most important arrests made in
months, for it is thought that they are at
thp head of the gang of postoffice robbers
who have been making things lively during
the past twelve months for the postmas
ters in the small towns of Washington
and Oregon.
From June 1, 1895, to the same date in
the present year no less than thirty post
offices have been robbed of sums ranging
from $5 to $1500. In addition to this two
trains and two stages were held up and the
mail rifled. The list of offices, with dates
of robbery, is as follows:
Jefferson, Or., June 4, 1895.
Tenino, Wash., June 16. 1895.
Amity, Or., June 16, 1895.
Klamath Falls, Or., June 16, 1895.
Brockaway, Or., June 20, 1895.
Sultan, Wash., July 2, 1895.
Riddles, Or., robbery of train, July 2, 1895.
Topsy Grade, robbery of stage, July 3, 1895.
Bossburg, Wash., July 25, 1895.
Endlcott, Wash., August 5, 1895.
Elgin, Or., August 13, 1895.
EhcUcoU, Wash... August 16, 1895.
Weston, Or., August 28, 1895.
Waitsburg, Wash., robbery, September 16,
1895.
Wallula, Wash., robbery, September 27, lß9s.
Richmond, Wash., wrecking train, October
3, 1895.
Go den Dale, Wash., robbery. October 14,
1895.
Pysht, Wash., robbery, October 14, 1895.
Osborn, Wash., robbery, October 15. 1895.
Buttesville, Or., robbery, October 24, 1895.
Glenwood, Wash., robbery, October 31, 1595.
Park Place, Or., robbery. November 13, 1895.
Sodavilie, Or.,robberv, November 20, 1895.
St. Johns, Or., robbery, December 16. 1895.
Pendleton, Or., robbery, January 2. 1896.
Comstock, Or., wrecked train, January 15,
Pilot Rock, Or., robbery, February 14, 1896.
Lacey, Wash., robbery, March 2, 1896.
Sandy, Or., robbery, April 3, 1896.
East Clallam.Wash., robbery, April 22, 1896.
Orting, Wash., robbery, April 30, 1896.
Puyallup, Wash., robbery. May 15, 1896.
The Dalles, Or., robbery, May 15, 1896.
Pullman, Wash., robbery, May 20, 1896.
In addition to these other State affairs,
the small towns of Northern California
NEW TO-DAT-DBT
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
At 15 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON HOSE, double knees, heels and
toes, and warranted fast black, sizes 6
to 9 inches, reduced from 25c.
At 15 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON
HOSE, double heels and toes, Herms-
dorf black, worth 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a pair.
At 20 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK LISLE - THREAD
HOSE, high-spliced heels ana toes,
guaranteed fast and stainless black,
reduced from 33^c.
At VIM Cents Each.
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED ECRU COT-
TON VESTS, low neck and sleeveless,
fancy braided neck and armlets, re-
duced from 20c.
At 50 Cents Each.
BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
warranted non-shrinkable, reduced
from 75c.
CORSETS!
CORSETS!
At 60 Cents Each.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long
waist, high bust, two side steels, black
and drab, reduced from $1.
VEILING ! VEILING!
At 25 Cents Each.
BRUSSELS NET BORDERED VEILS,
black, navy and brown, embroidered
with white, regular price 65c, reduced
to 25c each.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, in
black and colors, regular price 45c.
LACE NECKWEAR!
LACE YOKES, COLLARETTES, RUF-
FLES, FICHUS, FRONTS, etc., at
greatly reduced prices.
fJF4r Murphy Building,
Market aM Jones Streets.
have been raided at different times. It is
believed that the thieves, if organized,
operate in two parties, and by working al
ternately they hoped to do away with any
suspicion existing in the minds of the offi
cers that it was the work of professionals.
On a few occasions they have robbed ad
joining towns, but the work was of the
bungling character, evidently disguised.
There is little doubt, so Inspector Gor
don says, Dut that Adams and Davis have
been working the small towns of Wash
ington and Oregon for some months. The
robbery of the safe at Orting, Wash, April
30, and Puyallup, Wash., May 11, was
along lines identical with the plan fol
lowed at Pullman twenty days later. A
heavy quick blow knocked off the knob,
and then with some peculiarly shaped in
strument the tumblers were reached and
forced into their rightful places.
It is thought that Adams and Davis
work from some point in the East. The
day prior to their arrest Davis addressed
a letter to one Jacob Dashner of Detroit,
his partner, sending a similar letter to
Mrs. Sarah C. Adams, Indianapolis. Some
years ago a man going under the name of
Jacob Dashner gave the secret service
agents a lot of trouble, owing to his ex
pertness in the counterfeiting line. It is
believed that the Detroit man and the
counterfeiter are the same. Telegrams
have been sent to the Postmasters at the
places named, asking that they hold the
letters above referred to. It is believed
that the letters contain some reference to
the recent robberies, and might possibly
outline the thieves' future operations.
In any event the postal authorities are
highly elated over the capture of Adams
and Davis, and are confident that robberies
will be few in number for some months to
come.
A FENDER CHOSEN.
Supervisors Decide on a Life-Saving
Service for San Francisco
Streetcars.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
recommend the adoption of a fender to be
used on the streetcars of this City in
spite of Manager Vining's protest
that snch appliances would only add to the
danger to pedestrians.
Apparently the committee took little
stock in Mr. Vining's statement and
Chairman Benjamin suggested that the
interests of the public demanded that a
fender be decided on without delay.
Supervisor King made a talk in favor of
the MarKiey device, but wa< opposed by
Supervisor Dimond. who thought the ap
pliance likely to fail to operate at the
proper time. He had the same objection
to the Hunter fender, which was favored
by Supervisors Benjamin, Morganstern
and Dunker.
The latter device was voted by the
majority in the committee to be the most
feasible and will be recommended for
acceptance by the board on Monday next.
Supervisors King and Dimond voted in the
negative. The Hunter fender consists of a
scood that drops on the track on being
touched by the object and picks up the
same.
Judge Low's Sleepless Mijht
Police Judge Low seemed to be r little sleepy
yesterday morning when he took his neat upon
the bench, and there was good cause for his
condition. It seems that a few nights ago a
sneak-thief entered Judge Low's residence at
710 Pine street and carried away a good sup
ply from his Honor's wardrobe. The Judge
decided that if an attempt was made to repeat
the visit the fellow would meet with a tropical
reception. Voices about the house attracted
Judge Low's attention Tnursday night, and,
armed with a large revolver, he made a care
ful investigation that lasted until nearly day
light, but no burglar presented himself as a
target for the Judge.
Farewell Lecture.
The San Francisco Liberal Union will tender
to Dr. J. L. York a benefit on next Sunday
evening at Scottish Hall, on which occasion
tbe doctor will speak on "Political Salva
tion."
Bead Barry's Star to-day. Judge Wallace
flayed alive. *
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 35 Cents.
50 dozen 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES in mode and tan shaaes,
sizes 7, 1 1 A and 8, regular price 75c,
reduced to 35c a pair.
At 55 Cents.
102 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in medium and tan shades,
regular price fl, reduced to 55c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
124 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large
buttons), black embroidered back, in
white, cream and butter, regular price
1 1, reduced to 65c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
105 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
medium and tan shades, also black,
regular price $1, reduced to 65c a pair.
At 80 Cents.
142 dozfen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (large buttons), in red, tan,
brown, navy and mode shades, also
black, regular price $1 25, reduced to
80c a pair.
At $1.00.
101 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES (large buttons), in
red, brown, English red and tan shades,
regular price $1 50, reduced to $1 a pair.
PARASOLS! PARASOLS!
At $3.00.
LADIES' FANCY PARASOLS, in shaded
etripes ana fancy borders, value f5, will
be closed out at $3 each.
At $1.50.
LADIES' 22-INCH SUN SHADES, in
celluloid handles, gloria silk, paragon
frame, value $2, will be closed out at
$1 50 each.
wtUf Murphy Building, i/
Mill and Jones Streets.
33iai3i3mjiJLaa^aajiaai3i^3iai3i3i3i3iai3i3ia^^iH
| " Cut Down Expenses/* • t
S iff * 1 -* v' Him jflfmi /^l. P
PLUG I
| A woman knows what a bargain I
| really is. She knows better than a man, j
I "BATTLE AX" is selected every time |
i by wives who buy tobacco for their hus- |
n bands* They select it because it is an honest §
% bargain. It is the biggest in size and jjj
I the best in quality. The 10 cent piece is
SI almost twice as large as the JO cent piece j
I of other high grade brands. j
§OI3aK!EEKE£KEaaXEECKKKEEXXnxS
4&URNYSI
IS THE VEKV . BfctiX ONE TO EXAMINB
X your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
(lasses with instruments 'of I his own i invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo*
cess has been due to the merits of my work. ■ )
Office Hours— l 2 to 4f.it. ■ . ■-■".,•-
-OOSMOPOIjITAN',
Opposite U. S. ; Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sin =
>raucisco, Cal The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 '-'» and $1 50 pat
day,' according to room, r Meals 25a. • Rooms, •> J-J
and 750 a day. ,:, free coach to and from ins hotel.
look for the coach, bearing the name of the Co*- 1 1
i mopolitan Hotel. WiL i' A HiS V. f roprt«(KM, , .
BOYS' AND MEN'S WEAR !
At 25 Cents.
180 dozen BOYS' CALICO and CHEVIOT
WAISTS, sizes 4to 12, will be closed
out at 25c each.
At 10 Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S ALL-SILK TECKSand
FOUR-IN-HANDS, latest style, will be
closed out at 10c each, regular price 25c
and 35c.
At 35 Cents.
175 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS
FLANNEL OUTING SHIRTS, regu-
lar price 650, will be offered at 35c each,
At 55 Cents.
A large quantity of MEN'S SANITARY
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, all sizes, regular price $2 a suit,
will be closed out at 55c each garment.
At $1.00.
65 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED IM-
PORTED VIGJJNA MERINO UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, regu-
lar price $3 a suit, will be closed out at
$1 a garment.
LADIES' SUMMER WAISTS !
Our recent GIGANTIC PURCHASE of
Ladies' Summer Waists, comprising all the
newest fashionable shapes in SILK AND
WASHABLE FABRICS, will be cleared
out at about half price.
PARASOLS! PABASOLS !
At 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in satin and
gloria silk, reduced to 75c each.
At $1.50.
LADIES' FANCY PARASOLS, in striped
taffeta, value $2 50, will be closed out
at $1 50 each.
fefcf Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' URILL ROOM
: OF THE •
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPJKN PNTII. MIDNIGHT.
;. BBBSBMBK WIXCOX COMPOUND
TTANSY9PILLS
i.*^K_*. Safeand SURE. Always reliable. Take
no substitute. Forsalebyalldruegists. J2.00. Send
4c. for Woman' Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
CO.. 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST..PHLLADa;,PA.;