VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 54.
PRINCE HENRY OF
BATTENBERG DEAD
Empires From Swamp Fever
On the Coast of
Africa.
ENGLAND IN MOURNING.
Queen Victoria Grieves Over the
Loss of Her Favorite
Son-in-Law.
TRAINING TO BE A SOLDIER.
He Had Joined the Ashantee Ex
pedition to Gain Military
Experience.
LONDON, Esc, Jan. 22.— The Standard
announces that Prince Henry of Batten
berg, who was taken ill while accompany
ing the British expedition against the
Ashantees, died of coast fever on the
return voyage from Cape Coast Castle to
Sierra Leone.
A later dispatch says that he died on the
night of January 20, on board the British
cruiser Blonde. It had beet* his intention
to recruit his health at Madeira.
After Prince Henry died the news of his
death was immediately cabled to the
Queen and Princess Beatrice and also to
the Admirality and the War Office. The
Queen was intensely agitated and Princess
Beatrice almost crazed. The Queen's re
view of the flying squadron off the Isle of
Wight, which was postponed yesterday on
account of fog, has now been abandoned
in consequence of Prince Henry's death.
Prince Henry was a younger brother of
the present head of the Battenberg fam
ily. He was born at Milan, October 5,
ISSB, and was consequently not quite 33
years of age. He was married to Queen
Victoria's youngest daughter, Beatrice, at
Osborne, July 23, 1885, and four children
have been born, Alexander Albert, Victoria
Eugenic Julie Eve, Leopold Arthur Louis
and Maurice Victor Donald.
Prince Henry has always been the
Queen's favorite son-in-law, and, with his
wife, has accompanied her on most of her
travels and been present at many of
the social functions. When the war in
Ashantee brok* out Prince Henry decided
to accompany the expedition for the pur- '■
pose of gaining military experience. The j
uncharitable hinted that the programme j
was for Prince Henry to see enough 1
actual experience to give the Government
an excuse for appointing him to some
lucrative position in the military service.
Prince Henry was stricken down with
fever before he had seen actual service
and was obliged to leave the unhealthy
coast. It was while on his way back that
he died.
All the battle-ships in the Solent, the
royal yacht Osborne and the clubhouse of
the royal yacht squadron are flying
flags at half-mast as a mark of respect to
the memory of Prince Henry and flags are
half-masted upon public and private
buildings in London and all of the great
towns, in which the chinch bells were
tolled when the news of Prince Henry's
death was received.
At the desire of the Queen George J.
Goschen, First Lord of the Admiralty, has
cabled instructions to Commander Henry
C." Festing, commanding the British
cruiser Blonde, to bring the body of Prince
Henry to England with the least possible
delay.
Manifestations of sorrow at the death of
Prince Henry are everywhere visible, and
expressions of sympathy with the Queen
and Princess Beatrice are heard upon all
Bides.
The court circular referring to the death
of Prince Henry of Battenberg says a ter
rible blow has fallen upon her Majesty and
Princess Beatrice. Then follows brief de
tails of the Prince's illness and death,
after which the circular says: "The
Queen is very deeply affected by seeing
her beloved daughter's happy life crushed
end by losing a most amiable and affec
tionate son-in-law, to whom she was much
devoted. The Princess Beatrice is bearing
the awful shock with great fortitude and
resignation."
Prince Henry Maurice of Battenbsrg
was a son of Prince Alexander of Batten
berg (Hesse) and the Countess yon Lauck,
daughter of a former Polish Minister of
War, who was raised to the rank of
Princess on her morganic marriage with
the ruler of Hesse. He was born Octo
ber 6, 1868, and married, on July 23,
PRINCE HENRY OF BATTJLNO- R i. ■/
The San Francisco Call.
1885, Princess . Beatrice Mary Vic
toria -Feodora, the ninth and youngest
child of Queen Victoria. On the day of
his marriage he received the rank of Royal
Highness by letters patent from the Queen.
He was later appointed Governor of the
: Isle of Wight and of Carisbrooke Castle,
and although not really an officer of the
regular army of Great Britain he was in
dicated as a colonel in the army list.
In November last Prince Henry joined
the British Ashantee expedition in a spe
cial capacity, and sailed on December 7.
Colonel Sir Francis Scott, commanding
the expedition, appointed him his mili
tary secretary. In the early part of the
present month he was attacked with
| swamp fever at Nyisa, and returned to
j Cape Coast Castle in charge of a surgeon,
! though it was announced that his illness
was not serious.
FOUNDED A GREAT F 4.MILY.
Mrs. Leffler's Death Mourned by Nearly
Six Score Descendants.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. Word
was received in this city to-day of the
death of Mrs. Christina Leffler in Leipsic,
Ohio. Mrs. Leffler had a remarkable
history. To begin with, though only 81
years old, she had been married for sixty
three years, and is survived by her hus
band, who is older than she was by several
years.
Mrs. Leffler had fourteen children, sixty
six grandchildren, • thirty-seven great
grandchildren and four great-great grand
children, a total of 121 descendants. Out of
all these only three died.
Mrs. Leffler was well educated and highly
esteemed. Her descendants are scattered
all over the United States. '■/-
FLEEING FROM HAVANA
Non-Partisans Dread the Coming
of the Successor to
Campos.
Three Columns of Troops Have Pur
sued Gomez's Army for a ,
Week.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 22.-The Cubans
here are alarmed regarding the safety of
themselves and families, though they have
taken no active part in the war. Every
steamer carries crowds away. Since it was
announced General Weyler has been ap
pointed 1000 holding American papers of
citizenship had them made good for one
month. The Cubans say they must choose
between leaving the island and joining the
insurgents.
The only sugar estate in the island
known to be grinding is the Toledo, just
out of Havana. It has a special guard of
3000 troops. The rebels threaten to burn it.
Gomez is now thirty miles southwest of
Havana. Three columns ot troops have
pursued him for a week.- 77717
The Government is building small forts
and blockhouses in a semicircle in the rear
of Havana. - < '■'. -/'P/p- x-py — * *^;'{t -' *••
SPANISH VICTORIES.
Commandants of. the Regulars Report
Continued Triumphs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.-The
Spanish Minister, Senor de Lome, has re
ceived the following dispatches :
HAVANA, Cuba/ Jan. 22.— The day be
fore yesterday General Luque defeated the
forces of Maceo in Tirado, Pinar del Rio.
They left on the field twenty-seven killed
and carried off a great number of dead
and wounded. The Spanish troops cap
tured horses and ammunition. The same
general overcame General Maceo's band
in the Guacamaya plantation, disbanding
them. The artillery fired with great accu
racy, causing a great number of casualties
among the enemy. The Spanish losses
were two killed and twelve wounded.
Colonel Vicuana attacked to-day between
Edroso and Bolondron the bands of Peri
quito Perez and Peppe Rogue, 1200 men,
in a strongly defended position. The Span
ish troops captured the position, killing
twelve, and capturing horses and saddles.
Mabij*.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 22.— Major Se
danro defeated, on the 19th, the bands of
Vidal and Sanchez at the Natalio planta
tion; Colonel Garzon defeated in the
province of Matanzas the rebel chief La
cret, occupying his encampment. Gomez
is retreating to the east. General Alde
coa defeated in Canasi, Matanzas, the
bands of Covalry, taking their encamp
ment and capturing arms and ammunition
and horses. The main body of the insur
gents in ' Havana Province are retiring
toward Matanzas. Elduavex.
Cubans Should Be Recognized.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Jan. 22.—
a banquet of the Merchants' and Manufac
turers' Association here to-night, the
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That it is the sense and feeling of
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion of : Council Bluffs and Omaha that the
United States Government recognize and ex
tend belligerent rights to the struggling insur
gents of Cuba.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 23, 1896.
SALISBURY IS
NOW FOR PEACE
Striving to Resume Diplo
matic Relations With
Venezuela.
AIDED BY CLEVELAND.
''"""'•'. "7 : _______? ''" ' '' a ■
Crespo's Government Is Urged to
Meet England's Advances
Half Way.
CONCESSIONS TO BE GRANTED.
Great Britain Stands Ready :to Arbi
trate the Differences With
the Republic.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— A Herald
special from Washington says: As a
means of bringing about an amicable settle
ment of the Venezuelan boundary dispute
I am able to state, on high authority, that
Lord Salisbury had made manifest his
desire for a resumption of diplomatic
relations with Venezuela, and that the ad
ministration is doing all in its power to
accomplish such a result. From informa
tion obtained yesterday it is evident that
the London Times spoke advisedly this
morning when it said :
"Lord Salisbury's original objection to
arbitrate concerning districts settled years
ago by British subjects and under British
law still holds- good, but the American
Government must be well aware of the
perfect willingness on this side to
discard the Schomburg ; line and
arbitrate on all the disputed territory,
excluding only the districts the British
and Venezuelans have permanently
settled. This basis of negotiations is open
for Venezuela to seek at any time." T.'y /-■ "7
It is known semi-oflicially to the ad
ministration that while r Great Britain
cannot make formal advances for the re
sumption of diplomatic relations with
Venezuela, for the reason that the, latter
was the first to break them off, she is
willing : and anxious to have Venezuela
take the initiative. . ' "-•7-' _*
So well 'satisfied are the authorities of
the desires of Great Britain in this respect
that Venezuela, it is stated on reliable
authority, is being urged by the ad
ministration here to make an effort
to establish diplomatic relations with
Great Britain, and the President
of the Venezuelan Republic now 'has the
matter under consideration. The sug
gestion was made, it is stated, by Secre
tary Olney to : the .Venezuelan Minister
here, Senor Andrade, and by -him com
municated to his Government by cable.
'- There is a strong ' belief that diplomatic
relations between Great Britain and Ven
ezuela will be established and that the ex
change of Ministers will be agreed upon
on the basis which also includes an agree
ment to submit -the boundary question to
arbitration. : .'•'.-- * : ' . •.. < ..,_. ;
The first intimation that ' such j a course
would be satisfactory to the British Gov?
ernment, it is asserted, was given .by ' Sir
Julian Pauncefote, the British^Embassa
dor, and, Secretary Olney, after consulta
tion with the President, promptly acted
on it. -■ iA, ■■ ■ ; '
There are strong. reasons for believing
that Great Britain is now willing to make
concessions to Venezuela. It is admitted
that since Venezuela broke off diplo
matic • relations it is incumbent on her
to make the first move for their resump
tion, and if she will ' do this . the
prevailing sentiment in , the London For
eign Office is said to be in favor of pledging
an arbitration that will meet the peculiar
necessities of Venezuelan politics. :
The scheme now most in favor is a direct
THE WAY IT LOOKS NOW.
arbitration of the territory to the westward
of the Schombnrg line. . ,
CARRIED EZETA TO SALVADOR.
Proceedings for the Seizure of . the Bar,
_.-V. clay Golden Commenced, y ■jr-'p"
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 22. Proceedings
have been commenced for the seizure by
the authorities of the vessel Barclay
Golden, which arrived at Panama on the
20th inst. with Generals Antonio Ezeta,
Casin and Villatoro among her passengers,
for violation of '.lie neutrality laws in. en
gaging in a filibustering expedition against
San Salvador. Mr. Viquain, United States
Consul-General at Panama, has consulted
the Govern en tat Washington regarding
the case. . ?,:__ I
■V WASHINGTON, :D. C, Jan. . 22.— The
news contained in The United P_-**_«. -• dis
patches from Colon concerning the seizure
of the vessel Barclay Golden is confirmed at
the State Department, where information
on the subject has been received from Con
sul-General Victor Vilquain. stationed- at
Panama. As the case is one involving vio
lation of the neutrality law the matter
will have to.be 1 settled in the civil courts
unless representations made by this Gov
ernment make it appear that the vessel
did not perform any illegal act in taking
Ezeta and his companions.
ENGINEER AND FIREMAN KILLED.
Disastrous Wreck on the Panhandle Bail
road in Ohio — Miraculous Escape of
the Passengers.
NORTH CHARLESTON, Ohio, Jan.
22.— The worst railroad wreck that ever oc
curred in this part of the State took place
this morning on the Panhandle, near this
town. The train was running .at the rate
of sixty miles an hour when the boiler of
the locomotive exploded, instantly killing
Engineer Trimble and Fireman Waters.
There were nine coaches in the train,
and the wreck was a . terrible one. The
cars were . piled upon one another in an
indiscriminate manner, and so great was
the force of the train that one mailcar was
thrown entirely away from the track and
into an adjoining field. < i A ;-./. 41.
As soon as possible the work of rescuing
the passengers began. It was supposed
from the appearance of the wreck that
great loss of life . must . have occurred. 'It
was found, however, that no persons were
killed, except the engineer and .fireman;
Many of the passengers— fact, nearly all
were more or ; less bruised, some quite
hadly, but no one was (fatally hurt.
INGERSOLL NOT WANTED
Kansas Law Students Will Not
Be Addressed by the
Agnostic.
Faculty Members Interpose After, the
Invitation Had Been Es
:. tended.
LAWRENCE, Kans., Jan.. Robert
G. Ingersoll will not lecture to the law stu
dents of .the. State University at the com
mencement exercises. The faculty coun
cil lias notified representatives of the law
school * that ■ they ido not approve of [ the
project, and that should an attempt be
made by.the law school they will take
heroic measures, to -resist it. hlt was pro
posed to invite the noted lawyer to address
the school on the subject of law... Colonel
•Ingersoll consented to do so upon condi
tion of the approval of the university fac
ility. :7.74 /'■; 7 / ; '■; 7 '/ '/p/Ap-iy/-,
" One of the leading law seniors, in speak
ing of the affair, said: . 'Most of jus con
sider the action of the faculty as a direct
slap in the face. lam a' true blue, rabid
Presbyterian," but . I ; can't \ see why. they
should object to him. It shows that they
are afraid of their own religion." - y. ■'//>
As soon as the law .students were in
formed of the faculty's action they imme
diately communicated _ with Chauncey M.
Depew. It is expected that he will come.
The. law students aver that as it was ex
pressly stated -that the lecture was ito be
upon the subject of law, the faculty council
has subjected them to an- insult. ••-' ••■ i
AMERICANS MUST
STAND TRIAL
Kruger Telegraphs That All
■ ■ill Will Be Treated
, Alike. .
NO FAVORITISM SHOWN.
. _. 77 ""17 " : '-, -———__ .' T : a. ' . c
*'*/'*•*'.' 7 '■" . ' ; '
Justice Will Be Done to the Men
Who "-[Took Part lin the '..
Uprising.
HE l REGRETS THEIR POSITION.
Says That Most of the Americans Took
The - • Side of Law and
Order.
- NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— The
Journal prints the following cablegram
from President Kruger of the Transvaal
republic, in reply to a request for informa
tion as to the Americans now imprisoned
in Pretoria for alleged participation in the
recent uprising of the Uitlanders: 7/:/
PRETORIA, Jan. 21. — Everything is
quiet at present. Americans" are in no
danger whatever. They enjoy the full
protection \of the law, like any other for
eigners, therefore there is no need of pro
tection from outside against any illegal or
revolutionary movements. Even if such
protection against . revolutionists were
necessary,' which is not so, the Americans
are capable of taking care of themselves. -
•The Government regretsldeeply that while
almost all the Americans took the side of
order and Jaw, a very few of them have
joined the revolutionary so-called : reform
committee. These, together with a ma
jority, . mostly British, will be tried ac
cording to law, and justice will be done
all concerned j without respect of nation
ality. • Information Bureau, Krugeb.
NOT ADMITTED TO BAIL.
Position of Americans in the Transvaal
Is Lamentable.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 22.— A special
cable dispatch to the Sun from Newcastle,
'Natal, says: : „ ' ' ' -'" .-
7 ■ Hammond is ,in . jail, , and \ the Govern
ment refuses to admit him to ' bail. The
position of Americans in the Transvaal is
lamentable. Something ; should: be' done
for us. We can do nothing for ourselves.
'----" ■'■'-• '•_'■ Curtis.
The above dispatch, which was cabled
to the Sun . to-night was sent "by Joseph
Story Curtis, son of the late George Ticknor
Curtis of this city.: He enjoys considerable
prominence in . mining circles and has a
large salary as a , mining engineer ,and
prospector. . ...... /7py:
He has many friends in this city. They
were amazed at the report printed on Jan
uary 13 of his arrest at Johannesburg on
the charge of being one of - the leaders in
the" recent uprising in the Transvaal, as he
had always \ been strongly .opposed^ to
British | domination in % j that country,
and.has ] often mentioned the * matter in
letters, written to : friends |in , this city.
His sympathies have always been with the
Transvaal Government, although "-•••: he
went to Africa originally as the' agent of
an English company.
Will Be- Tried- in April.
LONDON, : Eng., Jan. 22.— A * dispatch
from Pretoria says it has been decided that
the trial of the persons is custody therefor
having taken part in the raid into the
South African . Republic led by -Dr. Jame
son shall take place April 21.
For the German Navy.
LONDON, Eng., 7 Jan.' • 22.— Daily
News to-morrow will print a dispatch from
Kiel saying that the German Government
had decided upon the ' construction of
twenty torpedo-boat destroyers, with a
speed of thirty knots, and that orders for
twelve of the boats have already been
placed in England.
"OUTLAW" TURNER DEAD.
Famous for a Number of Remarkable
Congressional Campaigns. y :
LOUISVILEE, Ky., Jan. , 22.-Ex-Con
gressman Oscar Turner died at his home
here this afternoon. He became a distin
guished figure in Congress over a decade
ago, becoming nationally known as the
"outlaw." T77 7i'/p~.-pT7Ai;
f} Judge Turner earned this soubriquet by
a series of remarkable contests for the seat
in Congress from the First Kentucky Dis
trict, running as an independent in defi
ance of the Democratic party fiat. He was
so popular that he was returned for two
other terms, and the party machine aban
doned the effort to defeat the "outlaw," as
his enemies dubbed him. He was 80 years
of age.
MODJESKA IS VERY ILL.
She Cannot Appear Upon the Stage Again
for Weeks, if at All, Her Phy
sicians Say.-
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 22.— Madame
Modjeska, the actress, is not only unable
to fulfill her engagement in this city this
week, but it is feared it will be weeks be
fore she can act again, if at all. Doctors
Giles Mitchell and J. T. Whittaker. who
are attending her, had a consultation this
afternoon, after which they issued the
following bulletin:
"Mme. Modjeska was attacked by phleg
masia,' a serious affliction. The swelling
on the left side of the neck is very painful
and renders any movement of the ' arm
almost impossible and absolutely inca
pacitates her. from fulfilling her engage
ments here."
Dr. Whittaker explains that phlegmasia
is a clot of blood resulting ' directly from
the inner tissues of a vein being injured
or torn in some manner, possibly from a
strain, and preventing free circulation.
In the case of Modjeska it is serious, for
the reason that the clot is in the jugular
vein, and if not removed will, it is feared,
bring about the most unfortunate results.
Dr. Mitchell, while he considers her case
as serious, is hopefnl of her recovery. 7 '•' A' A)
At midnight Mme. Modjeska's physi
cians pronounced her condition as more
favorable, and they now have hopes of her
recovery unless a change for the worse
sets in. -TiA/Ay/
MISS R ART ON SAILS.
She Is Going to Turkey to Seek Permission
to Administer to Suffering
Armenians.
NEW YORK, N. V.,* Jan. 22.— Miss
Clara Barton, president of the American
Red Cross Society, sailed this morning on
the steamship [ New York for' Southamp
ton; en route to Constantinople, where she'
will seek permission to enter Armenia to
administer assistance to the needy and
afflicted ot that : country. * Accompanying
Miss Barton are Miss Lucy Graves, steno
grapher; Ernest Mason, linguist; George
H. ; Pullman, private secretary to Miss
Barton, and Dr. J. B. Hubbell, general
field agent of the society in Armenia. \
■ ; On arrival in Constantinople Miss Bar
ton will • call on ' United States Minister
Terrell and endeavor to secure his good
offices in the effort to induce the Sultan to
give the Red Cross Society the right to
enter Armenia. *
When the steamer New York drew out
of her dock, the large crowd present loudly
cheered Miss Barton, who stood on the
deck • and . smilingly acknowledged the
compliment. From the masthead of the
steamer floated the emblem of the Red
Cross Society.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan.
United States Minister Terrell in
forms the representative of The United
Press that he does not desire to make any
statement in regard to the probability of
the Sultan's consenting to Miss Clara Bar
ton's proposed distribution of relief to the
Armenians in Asia Minor, but Th«. United
Press has learned from other sources that
Mr. Terrell is making earnest efforts both
at the Palace and the Porte to secure the
admission of the Red Cross Society into
Anatolia, with full permission to supply
the needs of the starving and naked
Armenians.
The opinion prevails at the British em
bassy, however, that the relief which is
being afforded by the missionaries is suffi
cient for the needs of the Armenians with
out the assistance of any outsiders. The
Porte has not yet reached a decision in the
matter in response to the representations
made by Minister Terrell.
Makalle Has Fallen.
PARIS, France, Jan. 22.— Figaro
claims to have; received private advices
that the Abyssinians captured the Italian
fortress at Makalle, January 19.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 22.— The corre
spondent of the Central News in Rome
telegraphs that . advices from Massowah
say tbat Major Galliano refused to 1 sur
render the garrison at Makalle upon the
terms offered by King Menelek or upon
any other conditions. Five battalions of
troops will arrive at Ad igrat January 24,
and it is expected that they will speedily
relieve the beleaguered garrison at Makalle.
SENATOR E. O. WOLCOTT OF COLORADO.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WOLCOTT SAYS
CLEVELAND ERRED.
Attacks the Venezuelan
Message in a Long
Speech.
PROVOCATIVE OF WAR.
Declares That the President and
Congress Pursue a Jingo
Policy.
;•'/■■: ' . •' ■ • -
MONROE DOCTRINE DEFINED.
Does Not Believe It Was Intended to
Check Acquisition of Terri
tory.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22. -The
principal feature of to-day's session in the
Senate was the speech of Senator Wolcott
of Colorado in condemnation of the pro
posed extension of the Monroe doctrine
and in criticism of the . action of the ex
ecutive and legislative departments of the
Government on the Venezuelan question.
With an ardor and eloquence that arrested
the attention of Senators on both sides of
the chamber and the crowds in the galler
ies, Wolcott spoke of the aid given by Great
Britain to the people of Venezuela in
breaking the Spanish yoke, and said that
those who were to-day attacking Great
Britain as if she were the oppressor of
Venezuelan liberties would do well to read
the history of those early and bloody
times. If it were not for the heroic and
reckless valor of the British legion at one
of the decisive battles in that war of in
dependence, it was very possible, he said,
that Venezuela would not now free.
He spoke contemptuously of the people
of that republic, less than 1 per cent of
whom, he said, were white, the rest being
Indians, negroes, mulattos and Zambos,
and he expressed the hope that the bound
ary line would be found where it would
leave the rich gold fields of that region
where the English-speaking miners would
not be subject to the cupidity of Venezu
elan harpies, but would be under the shel
ter and protection of the English common
law. He spoke, of the. diplomatic corre
spondence oh the Venezuelan question as
irritating; of the President's message as
ill advised ; and of the appointment of the
commission, without invitation of the
countries interested, as premature and
hasty. The peroration, which was heartily
applauded, was in these words: ..-,.""
"May these two great . nations of the
same , speech, traditions and . lineage be
found standing together shoulder to
shoulder, ,in the interest of humanity,
both in compelling peace and . awaiting
the day when. 'nation , shall no longer
lift sword against nation, nor shall they
learn war any more.' [i
The remainder of. to-day's session was
occupied by a financial . debate 'on the
bond bill, with the free coinage substitute,
and at 5:30 the Senate adjourned until to
morrow. 'TzpA '.p'7,7_
After the routine morning business, the
presentation of petitions and the intro
duction and reference of bills, Call's reso
lution directing the Secretary of State to
send to the Senate the dispatches of
United States Consuls relating to the war
now carried on in Cuba was reported bade
adversely from the Committee on Foreign
Relations by Sherman (R.) of Ohio, its
chairman, arid was, at the request of Call
(D.) of Florida, placed on the calendar.
Cullom (R.) of Illinois, from the Com
mittee on Foreign* Relations, reported a
preamble and concurrent resolution in re
gard to the Armenian outrages in Turkey.
The resolution declares it to be an im
perative duty in the interest of humanity
to express the earnest hope that the
European concert, brought about by the
treaty of Berlin, be speedily given its just
effect in such decisive measures as shall
stay the hand of fanaticism and law
less violence, and shall assure to
the unoffending Christians of the Turkish
empire all the rights belonging to them,
both as men and Christians and as benefi
ciaries of the treaty of Berlin; that the
President be requested to communicate
the resolution to the Governments of Great
Britain, Germany, Austria, France, Italy
and Russia; and that Congress will sup
port the President in the most vigorous
action he shall take in the protection and
security of American citizens in Turkey.
The resolution was laid aside for future
action.
Pugh's resolution for the payment of
Government obligations in standard sil
ver dollars was brought before the Senate,
but was laid aside.
Wolcott thereupon took the floor and
addressed the Senate in condemnation of2
the recent action of the executive and of
Congress in connection with the Monroe
doctrine. He said:
"The extraordinary message of the Pres
ident of the United States, having refer
ence to a dispute exclusively between
Great Britain and Venezuela, both friendly
powers, was practically indorsed by both
bouses of Congress. The responsibilities,
therefore, which his action may have en
tailed rest as well upon the legislative as
the executive departments of the Govern
ment, and are equally shared by political
parties. The recommendations of the
President that a commission be appointed
to inquire into the points of difference be
tween the two governments concerned
and to enlighten this country as to the
true divisional line separating Venezuela
and British Guiana were followed by Con
gress, and that commission, eminent in
ability and lacking only the joint sane-
tion of the parties in interest, which sanc
tion alone can give it vitality or useful
ness, has duly qualified.
"Under the circumstances it would ordi
narily seem to be the part of wisdom to
refrain from further public comment on a
subject of so sensitive and delicate a char
acter until some decisive step bad been
taken or some obstacle had been encoun
tered calling for legislative influence.
And neither the fact that illness prevented
my presence in this body, while the mes
sage was laid before the Senate, nor the
sporadic utterances on the subject which
have recently been heard here would serve
to induce me to embarrass the existing
situation by further discussion.
"The resolutions, however, which the
Committee on Foreign Relations has re
ported to this body, the effect of which
may be, in my opinion, most far-reaching
as affecting our policy and relations
toward other and friendly governments,
require some discussion and careful inves
tigation before we commit ourselves to
their declarations; and led me to partici
pate in this debate.
Continuing, Wolcott contended that the
so-called Monroe doctrine has been misap
plied in the pending controvery; that so
much of President Monroe's message as
referred to the colonization of portions of
America by European powers could have
no applicability to any boundary dispute
now existing in South America; that the
hostility to the extension by European
powers of their systems to any portion of
this hemisphere, as expressed in that
message, had especial reference to the
systems of government which were based
on the divine rights of kings and which
were directed to the overthrow of all re
publics wherever existing; that the Mon
roe doctrine was in no wise intended as
insisting upon republican forms of gov
ernment in this hemisphere, or as com
mitting this Government to maintain the
doctrine outside its own borders or except
as its own integrity might be affected;
that this country is embarking upon a
new and different policy from the one laid
down by our fathers, and that from 1821
until now Congress has uniformly de
clined to confine the so-called Monroe
doctrine or to adopt it as a rule of action.
He said existing conditions made it diffi
cult to dispassionately discuss the Monroe
doctrine at this time. It was not an easy
or a gracious task to take a position which
apparently involved in the slightest degree
the abandonment of that patriotic fervor
which animated the breast of every citizen
when our Nation's pride or our country's
honor was in question. There had been
much tension for the past few weeks. The
letter of the Secretary of State to Mr.
Bayard was, from a diplomatic point of
view, almost incendiary. The President's
message glowed with the possibilities of
war. Members of both houses of Con
gress, not to be outdone, followed the
President's suggestion as tq the appoint
ment of a commission with feverish haste.
Just what the commission was to do or
how it was to do it, Mr. Wolcott added,
nobody knew, but it had been created and
it now stood more a menace than a guar
anty of peace.
The efforts of the Government to fire the
National heart nad not been unavailing
nor was the work difficult. This country,
he said, had but two wars except our own
civil, and a war conquest with the weak
Government of Mexico. Both of them
were with Great Britain and while the
past eighty years had seen an entire re
adjustment which ought to make future
war with her out of the question, there
was still lurking some traces of the tradi
tional resentment. There is discontent,
too, with existing conditions in many sec
tions of the country, and men felt tbat any
change, even war with a foreign country,
could not make matters worse and might
bring improvement.
Wolcott then referred to the discontent
prevailing over the West and South, where
men who work on farms find the grain
they raise little more valuable for food
than as fuel, who know that the railroads
which charge them for the transportation
of their produce are largely owned in
Great Britain and are either prosperous
or, if insolvent, are fostered and protected
and managed by Federal courts. They
also view with distrust the close financial
relations existing between the bankers of
the East and those of London, and they
would welcome any event, even war. that
would result, as they believe a war would
result, in destroying those relations and
leading us to rely upon our own resources
and to embrace economic politics, which
would not be dependent upon those of
foreign countries.
Thoughtless and weak and ignorant
though these views might be they existed.
It was easier, he said, to drift with such a
condition than to antagonize it, but he
proceeded to condemn the whole contro
versy so far as it was based on the Monroe
doctrine. He said there never had been a
doctrine more misunderstood or mis
applied than the so-called Monroe
doctrine.
"It is," be said, "and has ever been
without recognition by other countries
and has always been refused the approval
of Congress."
Wolcott entered into an exhaustive
review of the origin and meaning of the
Monroe doctrine and of its application by
the United States. He added : 4. ' -'
'■Not only was the Monroe doctrine in
tended simply as a declaration of limited
scope and purpose, las I think ! I have
shown, but the circumstances under which
it was given to the world were far different
from those which now exist, and under
present conditions its assertion and main- j
tenance to the extent claimed by the
President have largely ceased to be of
paramount importance. It was essentially
a doctrine of self-defense, promulgated for
our own preservation and for no other
purpose." /
He closed by saying:
The concern of President Monroe, said
Wolcott,' was not lest monarchies be estab
lished in this hemisphere. He expressly
recognized existing governments, and wel
comed the empire of Dom Pedro in Brazil
and Iturbide in : Mexico as : freely as the
Government of Bolivar; he protested not
against despotic government, but azainst
their forcible extension by the dreaded
Holy Alliance in this western world, of
which he stood in well-grounded fear.
The fear was then real and the danger
threatening. To-day how different the
picture. We have helped ourselves to
what land we need; our own borders are
defined our Government eternally planted
on the solid rock; our institutions free;
our people intelligent and lovers of liberty
and devoted to free institutions, jNo dan
ger threatens us from without. We are
menaced by no foreign foe.
And vast as are our resources, intelligent
as are our people, we possess an element of
strength even greater than those advan
tages afford us; and that is that nobody
wants us. We are not desirable subjects
for other countries. . There is not a nation
in the whole world that would take one of
our sovereign States as a gift with its
people. p.y,7 7p7Tj
It is idle to talk seriously of our integ
rity or perpetuity being threatened by an
adjustment of boundary between Great
Britain and Venezuela.
That which once seemed a danger and
evoked the utterance of the Monroe doc-
trine has passed forever away, and has
left nothing to vex us but the pride of ex
pression to which we still cling. Then
Wolcott spoke of the South American re
publics in the severest terms. He said:
"Instead of developing into self-respect
ing republics based upon law, advancing
in morals and civilization, the people of
South America have shown themselves,
almost without exception, utterly unfitted
for self-government. Vv \
"Their so-called republics are largely
and usually military despotisms based on
force and relying on blood-shedding and
assassination for their establishment and
for their brief continuances, extending
only until the ruler should have amassed
from the oppression of the people a for
tune sufficient to enable him to live in
luxury in Europe, when he escapes or ab
dicates, or until some other revolutionist
shall be able by violence to seize the reins
of government.
"The rulers are despots and suffrage a
farce. Mexico, under the able and wise
rule of Diaz, has enjoyed exceptional and
long continued immunity from revolution;
but from the date of the independence of
Mexico in 1821 down to 1860-a period of
thirty-nine years— the country had thirty
six different forms of government, and
seventy- two individuals figured as its
chief executive. They were regents,
Presidents, President substitutes, Em
perors, commanders-in-chief, generals and
dictators, but the people had no more
voice in the Government than they have
in Russia to-day.
"The description which I have given of
the South American republics generally
applies with added force to Venezuela."
BOND BILL DEBATE.
Silver Advocates Assail the Present
Financial Policy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.— At the
conclusion of Wolcott's speech on the
Monroe doctrine Pugh'a resolution being
still before the . Senate Hill (D.) of New
York offered an amendment to it, pro
viding that if for any . reason silver coin
shall not be at a parity with gold coin the
United States bonds now payable in coin
shall be paid in standard gold coin when
ever demanded.
Hill started to speak on the measure,
but he was interrupted at 2 p. M. by the
presiding officer with the statement that
the morning hour had expired and that the
House bond bill, with the free coinage
substitute, was now before the Senate as
the unfinished business.
Teller (R.) of Colorado addressed the
Senate. He expressed the general dissat
isfaction of the people at the present con
dition of the country. The finances, be
said, were represented by the President
and the Secretary of tbe Treasury to be in
a very deplorable condition.
He did not suppose there had ever been
so many men out of employment or ever a
time when the productive interests of the
country were less profitable than now. He
denied, however, that there was anything
in those conditions that indicated any dis
trust of the money in circulation on the
part of the people of the United States.
In the course of his speech Teller was
asked by Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska whether
he attributed the depressed condition of
business to the tariff. The answer Was in
the negative.
Then Allen asked him whether there
was any difference between the Demo
cratic and Republican parties on the sub
ject of finance, and the reply was that if
there was any difference between them it
was hardly appreciable. Teller com
mented upon the fact that no system of
finance bad been offered by the four gold
standard Senators on the Finance Com
mittee.
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut, a member of
the Finance Committee, said he would sug
gest a system, and that was the payment
of customs duties in gold. Teller's com
ment upon that remark was, that it showed
the complete absence of any philosophical
monetary system. It would destroy the
paiity of the metals, and it indicated that
a place on the Finance Committee did not
necessarily imply a knowledge of finance.
There was no reason. Teller declared, for
the present financial troubles, but a wicked
financial policy, which had been adhered
to to the extent of running the country into
debt indefinitely.
"A national debt," Teller continued,
"is a national curse, and when incurred in
time of peace is a national disgrace. And
yet it is inevitable if you maintain the gold
standard. Ido not care if you pass the
House revenue bill, which you know you
will not, and I do not care if your revenue
exceeds your expenditure by $500,000,000 a
year, you will sell bonds in order to obtain
gold. And this selling of bonds will not
cease until every available gold dollar that
can be put into bonds has been so used."
At the close of Teller's speech a response
to it was made by Sherman (R.) of Ohio,
who declared that the whole trouble in
the Senate grew out of the desire of de
bating an old, worn issue— free coinage
of silver— of applying the remedy
which the President asked for, which a
Republican House of Representatives had
cheerfully granted, and which the Repub
lican side of the chamber was ready at any
moment to grant.
He had no doubt, he said, that there
was a majority of the Senate in favor of
the free coinage of silver, and he did not
believe that there was any desire on the
Republican side of the chamber to discuss
that question. What he and the Repub
lican Senators complained of was that this
free-coinage ;' substitute, which everybody
knew could not pass this Congress, was
thrust in the way of measures deemed by
the executive department absolutely
necessary to carry on the Government.
That, he said, was obstructing legislation.
Teller— Does the Senator regard this
bond bill as a measure of relief?
Sherman— l think that it is a great
measure of relief.
Teller— How long are we to continue the
sale of bonds to maintain this gold re
serve?''-' ' ■' \
Sherman— Long ; enough Ito cover defi
ciences in the revenue as they occur. In
the meantime the Republican party stands
here ready to doits duty in maintaining
the credit of the Government."
The discission continued and was fur
ther .participated in by Gorman (D.) of
Maryland, Hoar (R.) r of Massachusetts,
Aldrich (R.) Of Rhode Island and Lindsay
(D.) of .Kentucky until 5:30 r. m.. when it
was suddenly brought to a close by a mo
tion to adjourn, and the Senate adjourned
until to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
TRAINING STATION
ON GOAT ISLAND
Senator Perkins' Bill Will
Probably Pass the
Senate.
FAVORED IN THE HOUSE.
Indications Are That Neither
Branch Will Oppose the .
Measure.
NAVAL APPRENTICES NEEDED.
Increased Efforts to Educate Boys of
the Country to Become
Seamen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22— The
prospects are very favorable for the passage
of Senator Perkins' bill establishing a
naval training-school on Goat Island. The
bill was to-day reported favorably by Sena
tor Chandler from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Representative Hilborn. being an
influential member of the House Naval
Committee, will doubtless be able to se
cure a favorable report also, which would
insure its passage in that body. The
Senate committee, in making its favorable
recommendation, says:
"There is need at the present time of in
creased efforts to educate the boys of the
country to become seamen of the navy.
They can be enlisted between the ages of
16 to 18 to serve until they arrived at the
age of 21 years, not, however, without the
consent of their parents or euardians.
They can be trained partly on shore and
partly in practice-ships, and. the good ef
fects of the system have been made ap
parent by many years of experience. Much
real benefit is derived by boys while they
are undergoing their apprenticeship, and
later, when they enlist, as most of them
do, as seamen, they make the best possible
recruits for the navy.
"The establishment at Coaster Harbor
Island, in Narragansett Bay, of a training
station has been fruitful of good results.
A similar establishment is needed upon
the Pacific Coast, and j unless it is pro
vided no apprentices can be enlisted on
that coast. This impossibility works an
injustice to boys there who desire to enlist
and is injurious to the Government, which
needs to train and utilize them as it does
boys upon other coasts of the 'country.
There is ample room for a Pacific home
station upon Goat Island, near San Fran
cisco, and the Navy Department will have
no difficulty in providing a suitable train
ing-ship, so that the education and dis
cipline of boys will not be carried on too
much on land, but may be conducted
mainly upon the water. No possible ob
jection can be conceived to the passage of
the bill authorizing a part of Goat Island
to be taken for buildings for a shore sta
tion and the transferring of so much of the
island as may be necessary to the control
of the Navy Department for the purposes
of a station. : '7;AT7 i ': 7 is ■;..*V iy
"The bill contains the provision that
boys constituting the naval apprentices
shall be in addition to the total number of
seamen in the navy allowed by law and
not be counted as a part thereof. The
vessels of the new navy are requiring all
the seamen now by law allowed, and, in
deed, the number ought to be consider
ably increased in accordance with bills
now pending in Congress with that end in
view. .
"To the present bill, therefore, is added
the provision that all boys who may be
enlisted as apprentices to serve until
they are 21 shall be additional to the num
ber of enlisted persons allowed by law for
the navy. This provision, unless previ
ously made a law in some other bill, ought
to remain and be adopted as part of the
present bill, as clearly appears from the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy and
hereto annexed, as follows:
Navy Department, Washington, Jan. 23.
Sir; I herewith return to you the bill pro
viding for a naval training station on the
Island of Verba Buena (or Goat Island), in the
harbor of San Francisco, California, and for
other purposes, together with my opinion as
requested. *•_'.
The establishment of a training station for
naval apprentices at San Francisco would un
doubtedly benefit the naval service, and would
greatly assist the department in its efforts to
have the enlisted force of the United States
navy composed entirely of American citizens.
The proviso in Senate bill 744, "thai' all ap
prentices of the navy while at training station
or on board of an apprentice training-ship
shall be additional to the number of enlisted
persons allowed by law for the navy," is abso
lutely necessary for the success of the appren
tice system.' There being now no United States
merchant marine the navy Is obliged to de
pend upon its apprentice system to supply it
with seamen, especially officers, and It is
therefore necessary that there shall be enlisted
annually the full number of apprentices per
mitted by law. The laws now in force regarding
enlistment of apprentices authorize 750 to be
enlisted annually, provided the total number
of enlisted persons, .including apprentices,
does no exceed 10,000. . . .
The demand for enlisted men for crews on
new vessels recently commissioned has forced
the department during the past two years to re
duce the number of enlistments of apprentices,
so that during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1894, only 561 apprentices were enlisted," and
during the last fiscal year ending June 30, 1805,
only 384 could be enlisted. Since November
16, 1895, it has been j necessary to stop all en
listments for apprentices. Very respectfully,
H. A. Herbert, Secretary.
Hon. J. Donald Cameron, Chairman Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, United States Senate.
SPENT YEARS IN SOLITUDE.
A Defeated Candidate for Governor of Hew
Jersey Ends a Long Career as
a Hermit.
WASHINGTON, N. J., Jan. After
having been absent from home nearly
thirty years, daring ! which time he lived
the. life of a hermit in the woods, David
Hammell of Hardwick Township returned
to his home yesterday. For the past
thirty years he has led the life of a hermit,
and has spoken little, if at all, to any one,
and especially to his wife and hie** three
children— sons and one daughter.
Marcus L. Ward ' '• was 'y a ■ candidate for
Governor in 1866. Hammell "kid himself
out" in behalf of the Republican |. ticket.
Mrs. Hammell in spirit was a 7 follower; of
the Democracy/ Mrs. Hammell and her
husband had many differences over his po
litical faith, and 'finally the family quar
reled. Mrs. Hammell being, supported by
her two sons and daughter. rHammellleit
home and told his wife it would be a long
time before he returned, and further topi
a neighbor that he intended to work for
the ; next Republican candidate * for Gov
ernor, and if he was not elected he would
never go home until a Republican suc
ceeded Ward. \ =-
Hammell went into the woods and se
cured timber, with which he built himself
a hut. He lived alone in this all the years
until the election .of John W. Griggs as
Governor. Efforts were made by his fam
ily in the meantime to effect a reconcilia
tion, but he would not go home, saying ho
intended to live alone until a Republican
was elected Governor. His wife and fam
ily talked with him, but he never replied.
Hammell took his supplies from the
house and barn and never said a word to
any one until the news was received that
John W. Griggs had been elected Governor
last fall. Hammell immediately became a
changed man. He talked to a neighbor and
said ha would go home the day Governor
Griggs was : inaugurated. ; Preparations
were made to receive him, and when he
entered the house yesterday he was greeted
heartily. . Hammed. kissed his wife and
children and children's children, wham he
bad never talked to before, and it seemed
as though he had returned from the dead.
COSTLY BLACKLISTING.
Damages- Secured by a Man Persecuted
by a Railroad Company,
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 22.— 1n
the United States Circuit Court yes
terday a verdict for $1750 'was rendered
against the Florida East Coast Railway
(the Flagler system) for blacklisting W. E.
Willets.. 7-.. .... \ 744i7A4 ypTA-- /
Willets was a conducter on the East
Coast road, and being offered a better posi
tion on the South Florida Railway," he left
the East Coast road on two days', notice,
but in three days was discharged from his
new position, no cause being assigned.
He learned, however, that he was dis
charged because Superintendent Goff of
the East Coast road had sent a circular
letter to the officials of the other Florida
railways asking that Willets be not em
.ployed. '// '/■
He afterward vainly applied for worK
to every railway in, Florida. In conse
quence he brought suit against the East
Coast Railway for $10,000. On the trial
the attorneys for the road urged that the
writing of the blacklisting letter was
Superintendent's Goff's act. and that the
corporation should not be held responsi
ble. The court, however, said Goff was
the corporation's agent, and that it was
responsible for his acts.
FROM TRAMP TO PASTOR.
Henry Hammond Paused in His
Wanderings to Accept
a Pulpit.
Now He Is Missing and Four Women
Who Call Him Husband
Are in Mourning.
NASHUA. N. H., Jan. 22.— From tramp
printer to Methodist pastor, with a con
fiding flock, seems a long jump to most
people, and it has remained for Henry
Hammond to show how easy it is accom
plished. He chose New Hampshire for
his stamping ground and several years
ago located in the little town of Bath, near
Lake Winipiseogee. He was glib of
tongue, and although without funds or
even decent clothes managed to get into
the good graces of Elder G. W. Norris,
who looks after the Methodist interest in
that conference. He inspired the elder
with so much confidence that he selected
him for the vacant pulpit in the Bath
church.
At that time Hammond claimed to be a
converted Unitarian, and he | was warmly .
received by the church people. His reve
nues from this church failed to satisfy his
desires, and he resigned to take a "case"
in a printing office in Haverill. Here he
remained two years, supplying temporary
pulpit vacancies in various places under
the direction of Rev. S. C. Keeler.
The next year he preached in the pulpit
of the Swiftwater Church, and here, as in
Bath, he was a great favorite. South Tarn
worth was where he was next sent, and
there he remained until a few days ago,
when he disappeared, leaving his wife to
explain that he bad gone West. The fact
that he had been waiting on a local un
married woman gave rise to considerable
gossip, and his departure brought matters
to a climax. Investigations were begun
and the result justified the prediction of
some of the gossips, who said there was
something wrong. Up to date four women
have been discovered who called the Rev.
Henry husband.
A sworn statement from a County Clerk
in the State of Ohio located wife No. 1.
She had, however, learned of his evil
ways, and about a year ago procured a di
vorce and married a Mr. Boy den. She
now lives in Reading, Mich. At the time
of his first marriage Hammond was known
as Harry Freeman.
Wife No. 2 was Miss Off a Turner of
Bloomington, N. V., and Mrs. Hammond
third was a Wisconsin woman. His fourth
wife he left at South Tamworth when he
left that town a few weeks ago. Since
leaving New Hampshire Hammond has
written letters to newspapers from several
Massachusetts cities denying all charges
made against him by the Methodist eld
ers. He says he will return and confront
bis accusers, and Rev. S. C. Keeier hopes
he will. Mr. Keeler says Hammond will
be speedily brought to justice. •
"I have in my possession documents
that will conclusively prove him guilty,"
said Mr. Keeler.
KILLED AT HIS POST.
Horrible Death of a Motorman on a
Philadelphia Streetcar.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 22.—Clay
ton C. Collins,- a motorman, .met? with a
horrible ueath yesterday afternoon as the
result of a singular accident, and his car,
losing its guiding hand, ran for half a
mile without control, endangering the
lives of a score of passengers.
While Collins', car was descending a
steep grade, one of the sates in the front
platform became loosened, and he leaned
over to fasten it. . _ The .trolley and feed
wires on this part of the line are carried
on poles planted between # the tracks with
a clearance of hardly ' twelve inches be
tween the poles and passing cars. Collins
leaned out toward the other track, and al
most instantly crashed against one of the
poles. Stunned by the blow he fell upon
the gate, and his head received a crashing
blow as each- post was passed, spat n't;
his blood along the sides of the car and
leaving a horrible trail in its path.
The car was filled with woman and the
conductor's view of the front platform
was obstructed. He did not know of the
accident to his motorman until the shriek
ing women made a rush for the door.
With great difficulty he restrained them
from jumping from , the rapidly moving
car. * He then made a : rush for the front
door, but the doors were fastened from
the outside, and when the car slackened
its speed in ascending a hill he jumped on
the platform and shut off the current.
Collins was dead when the car was
stopped, and his head was mangled al
most beyond recognition. ,
Boy Patrons of a " Fence."
CHICAGO, III:, Jan. 22.— The police of
Cicero, a suburb of Chicago, yesterday un
earthed what they charge has been a fence
for stolen property iin Harlem , and r ar
rested the proprietor, Fred Schulz," a junk
dealer. He admitted, that .fully 100 boys
had been selling the suspected goods to
him. On his premises were found copper
wire, brass, lead pipe, bicycles, new rub
ber boots and footwear of all kinds, shovels,
spades, saws, crowbars, lawnmowars, tools
of 'all description and numerous other
articles of value. ;
A MENACE TO
OUR INDUSTRIES
Startling Inroads Are Made
by the Dealers of
Japan.
FLOODING THE MARTS.
Americans Undersold Because of
the Cheaper Labor in
the Empire.
MANUFACTURERS TAKE ACTION
Both Branches of Congress Will Be
Asked to Institute an
Inquiry.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 22.— The National
Association of American Manufacturers
to-day decided to ask both branches of
Congress to institute ; an immediate in
vestigation into the largely increasing im
ports of articles of Oriental manufacture
which are gravely menacing the industries
of this country. ; - T ;Tpy
An important report bearing upon the
subject was received and adopted. It said:
"Japan does not confine herself to spin
ning cotton. ... Her people are introducing
a great variety of manufacturing indus
tries, all using improved machinery, and
they are imitating the patterns and inven
tions of the Western nations with im
punity, because there is no protection for
either the patents or trademarks of for
eigners in Japan.
"Articles of Japanese manufacture have
appeared, in our Eastern cities, rivaling
and underselling American articles suit
able for similar purposes. Japanese mat
ting is now crowding out cheaper kinds of
Philadelphia carpets. Japanese rugs,
made in imitation of American patterns,
are sold in great quantities in preference
to American rugs of higher value. Brushes
are sold at retail in Eastern cities for
about the American value of the manu
factured bristles. American watchcase
makers are selling to Japan cases for ex
cellent movements made there for this
market. ■ ';;■] Aiy,//:// ".
"There can be no concealment of the
fact that some of our manufacturing in
dustries are gravely menaced by this
rivalry of a country where skilled labor
may be had at a cost of 10 or 15 cents a day,
or less than one-tenth of the cost of such
labor in our own country. Your commit
tee does not care to discuss the causes of
this menace or the methods by which the
peril may be averted. We believe that the
National Association should, however,
take cognizance of the matter and should
ask that Congress shall investigate the
subject in a thorough and comprehensive
manner, so that the people may fully
understand it."
From the committee on resolutions
came a partial report recommending a
judicious system of subsidies for the de
velopment of the American merchant
marine; favoring tho construction and
operation of the Nicaragua canal by the
Federal Government and the development
of interior waterways; urging the enact
ment of a National bankruptcy law for
uniform operation in all the States.
This portion of the report was adopted
unanimously. There was a spirited dis
cussion, however, on a resolution re
ported without recommendation, setting
forth that "inasmuch as many of
the States of the Union have passed cer
tain laws to the effect that all foreign cor
porations shall file with the Secretary of
State a certificate of incorporation and
pay into the treasury of said States certain
fees, and imposing certain objectionable
features, therefore the executive committee
shall be empowered to take such action,
as in their judgment might seem wise, to
secure uniformity and remove the objec
tionable features."
The resolution was sent back to the
committee to be remodeled.
There was a long debate upon majority
and minority reports from the committee
on revision of the constitution. The ma
jority report presented by F. S. Fish of
Indiana favored depriving manufacturers'
clubs or State clubs of representation, thus
allowing only the individual manufac
turers, firms or corporations to have a
voice or vote in the organization. It was
contended by the majority of the commit
tee tbat its plan would make a greater suc
cess of the organization, while a continu
ance of tha present method of member
ship would make the organization simply
a "howling society."
The minority report, presented by
Thomas McDougall of Cincinnati, favored
a continuation of the present system of
club and society representation with a few
unimportant modifications. ,: The conven
tion, however, agreed with Mr. Fish and
the minority report was then submitted to
a vote. ■ 7 ; , .'.7,;.;, -777.
This afternoon Professor S. Waterhouse
of Washington University, St. Louis, de
livered an address upon the Nicaragua
canal. This evening the delegates of the
Manufacturers' Club of Cincinnati gave a
dinner at the Auditorium to President
Thomas Dolan, Hon. Warner filler, Peter
Studebaker of South Bend, Ind., and a few
other of the leading spirits of the organiza
tion. . ; j 7
The delegates to the convention of textile
manufacturers held no business sessions
to-day. ■■■• . ■ A...   .1 ,.... ....,.,
SENATORS ELECTED.
Allison Formally Chosen in ; lowa and Wel
lington in the 'Mary/amd
Legislature. :
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 22.-The Sen
ate and House 7of the Legislature met in
joint convention at noon to-day for the
last formality in the election of United
States Senator.
;. The journals of the separate proceedings
of the ; House yesterday," when they bal
loted * separately for Senator, were read
and jointly approved, and the Lieutenant-
Governor, who presided, announced that
Allison was elected." It is for his fifth
term . which will begin March 4, 1897. ii
'■.-: The certificates of the election were read
and approved by the joint assemblage and
signed by the proper officers in its pres-
ence.
. FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 22.— The first
joint ballot for United States Senator was
taken at noon to-day. Hunter received 68,
Blackburn". 58 | and '., scattering 10. Hunter
came within one of election. _•
ANNAPOLIS. 1 Md„ Jan.22.— Wellington
was formally elected United States -Sena-
tor in '_ joint convention to-day, receiving
63 of the 64 Republican votes. Several re
fused to vote. _
; ; : JACKSON; Miss., Jan. 22.— The Demo
cratic caucus took three ballots to-night
for United' States Senator, on the last of
which Money received 74 votes, lacking
only 7 of tho nomination.
THAWED OUT DYNAMITE.
A Workman's Carelessness Results . in a
Fatal Explosion.
LEWISTON, Pa., Jan. 22.-By the pre
mature explosion of a quantity of dyna
mite at Bixlers, near Newport. Perry
County, this morning, one man was in
stantly killed, ; one fatally injured and
eight others more or less seriously in
jured.
The men were employed by the Penn
sylvania Railroad Company, and were at
work on the road at that point. One man
had some dynamite at a hre thawing it out
when, it is supposed, the heat ignited it
and caused the explosion.
Tbe exact cause, however, will never be
known, as the man who was handling the
explosive, Lawrence Moist of McVeyton,
had his limbs blown from his body and
died almost instantly. The other work
men who were injured, mostly Italians,
were taken on trains to Altoona, where
they were placed in hospitals in that city.
CLAIM AGAINST UNCLE SAM.
Heirs of Ex- Governor Durkee of Utah
Seeking to Recover Millions.
CHAMPAIGN.. 111., Jan. 22. —A. J.
Kuykendall of Springfield,* Captain T. J.
Abel and John J. Ferguson of Decatur,
and L. C. Blaisdell of this city have gone
to Washington as the representatives of a
combination of twenty-five men who are
pushing an old and extensive claim
against the Government. Blaisdell is the
trustee for the heirs of Charles Durkee,
who was Governor of Utah about thirty
years ago. •-....
The claim is based upon the fact that
oyer $60,000,000 of bonds of the Union Pa
cific Railroad were assigned to Durkee,
and that he died with these bonds nomi
nally in his possession. The accumulation
of interest swells the total to greatly more
than $100,000,000, which the heirs claim is
now their due. zA/.p.z -././■ -.. ;--,f
FOR A SILVER TICKET
Candidates Will Be Nominated if
the Old Parties Ignore
Free Coinage.
National Convention to Be Held Simul-
taneously With That of the
Populists.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 22.— Nearly
a hundred of the most prominent silver
men in the country met in Washington
to-day to arrange for holding the National
silver convention to put a ticket in the
field for the coming Predidential.campaign,
the action being contingent on a failure of
both the old political parties to recognize
the white metal the nomination of can
didates unequivocally pledged to rehabili
tation at 16 to 1. 7. r7yt-
General Warner was promptly made
chairman. He said before the meeting
that a provisional committee representing
all the States would be appointed and some
date in the latter part of July set for the
convention. Everything depends upon
the action of the Republican and Demo
cratic conventions.
The secret meeting to-day resulted in
the appointment of committees on resolu
tions and on organization, the members of
which were appointed by the chairman.
The committees are as follows: .
On resolutions— John P. Jones of
Nevada, chairman; H. F. Bartine of Nevada,
Mr. Laurimer Pennsylvania, Joseph Sheldon
of Connecticut, J. I. McLaurin of South Caro
lina and General Warner of Ohio.
On organization— Mr. Stevens of Colorado, J.
N. Johnson of Virginia, C.J. Hill ot the
District of Columbia and P. Mcintosh of Utah.
The committee on • resolutions has
about completed its report, and will fur
nish it to the convention to-morrow. It
will define a platform and indicate a policy
for the silver men of the country to adopt.
It was definitely decided by the confer
ence that a convention should be held, no
matter what the action of the Democratic
Be Sure
That your blood is pure, rich and healthy,
for this fact means health of body and
strength of nerves. Make your blood pure
and keep it pure by taking
Sarsaparilla
1 The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
HnnH'c Pill's are the only pills to take
jIIUUU & «»•*» with Hood's Sarsaparilla
Mr. John K. Knox, Mechanic at Mare , Island Navy Yard, Vallejo,
Cal., Tells of His Cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It Cured
Him After AH Else Had Failed.
HPHERE are hundreds of people in California suffering daily
1 tortures and annoyances on account of some Rheumatic af-
fliction. They moan and suffer, and take pills and put plasters
on their backs, and get ho relief, and they must eventually do a3
*HM/ -A4|v Mr. Knox has done — they must
j^^^^^^^^^r U£e *^ r - Sanden's Electric Belt.
>^l^^^*^^!^^fl^^V^SliW 3c^ -- s now we^ known to
every sufferer as the most com-
plete, the most scientific, the
|||P|J*>^^ Electric Belt
made to-day, but'many hesitate
>i -^^^^^^§Sj2*-*^ about. using it" owing to skepti-
-33$$5^^^ cism caused by the failure of
other remedies to do good. Mr. Knox was skeptical, but see
what he says now : - 7
ni? Q.VTM.V ii. u t l „ , VALLEJO, Cal., January 22, 1896.
4,™ v.nVc **-- ND c*. =— When I got your Belt three months ago I had been suffering for
™,?J ea S . fro «? Sciatica. Had pains in legs and knees. I was not incapacitated Irom
my ty or*,, but it was terribly annoying. I had tried other remedies, of course, butfonnd
nothing of any use till I got the elt « In six or eight days after applying the Belt the
pains had left me and have not come back since. 1 have continued" usinc the Belt
and am generally benefited by it. : I have twice as good an appetite as before and
really feel better than I have for twenty years. lam 62 years old. . ' fl
. . . - "♦ JOHN K. KNOX, Vallejo, Cal.
Investigate the claims made for this ' famous Electric Belt.
It is a genuine curative article, and justifies , the careful inspec-
tion, of. every man* or woman who is sick or needing new energy
new vitality. Call and see it, or get the little book "Three
Classes of Men," free. '-. . *t "
S-A.ig-X>-E3l\r ELECTRIC oo>.
632. MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
I Office Hours-* to 0 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, io to l.
and Republican conventions might be, and
it is understood that the committee on or
ganization will recommend that St. Louis
be selected as the place of holding it, on a
'date about ten days after the assembling
of the Democratic forces in Chicago on
July 7.
This will make the silver convention
coincide with the Populist convention in
St. Louis. The committee will also fur
nish a plan for the selection of delegates
and th'a manner of organization.
To-night's session of the conference was
public and devoted to* addresses on the
silver question by General Weaver of lowa,
Senator Marion Butler, ex-Congressman
Bartine of Nevada and others. General
Weaver won applause when he predicted
that the silver qusstion would make the
West and South a unit.
Ish Gets Off Lightly.
OMAHA, Nebb., Jan. 22.— James Ish,
who last June murdered W. H. Chappel,
accused of intimacy with Ish's wife,
pleaded guilty to manslaughter Monday
evening and was this morning sentenced
to fifteen months in prison. At his former
trial the jury disagreed.
There are several towns in England
where they still ring the curfew bell.
The Doctor's
Examination.
Your tongue is coated heavily; it is yel-
low white.
Do you have dull headaches? Yes, doc-
tor.
Do you feel drowsy? Yes, doctor.
Do you feel exhausted alter the least ex-
ertion? Yes, doctor.
Can you eat your food with relish? No,
doctor. 774'T7i-ii'i
Do you sleep soundly and awake re-
freshed? No, doctor.
Do you feel a sense of heaviness after
eating? Yes, doctor. •_ -s-y ■.;_■•;;-
Sometimes your stomach becomes sour?
Yes, doctor.
Gases arise? Yes, doctor.
You are suffering from dyspepsia and a
torpid liver. These symptoms prove this
to be the correct diagnosis. You have no
cause to fear about the fluttering of the
heart; it is due to gases pressing about
the region of the heart.
You need a mild liver and bowel regu-
lator. Your dyspepsia is not chronic. The
remedy I will prescribe must be taken for
a while. It will give you instant relief— k
but it takes time to cure you. I will write "
prescription.
R.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
i>, Vi-'-r y- -;<--?; -■ _ . -■ . (one Bottle).
M. •
Sig. Take 2 teaspoonfuls 3 times a day.
When bowels are regular take one tea-
spoonful 3 times daily.
! TBTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
, A eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
, with instruments of bis own invention, whose
superiority has sot been equaled. My ssccess aai
i been due to the merits of my work. •***•«
Office Hoars— l2 to .p. u.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
$?£_?#■**-'?*-*' * Established
i*" 54 l0 - T th « treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debilltyor
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin I> 1.- , B'"4.8 '"4. 'hedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Cbarjes low
' nrf-giisranlffd. Callorwrite
Or. J. JF. UIBBOK, Box lQ97.B&n£!3£Zi
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tha
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
bells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
„ -J\»KK. i A _J* * ?S «* BRINE, Agent*.
383 Market St., S. P.-(Send for Circular.)NEW ELECTION
LAW IS VOID
Important Decision of a
Los Angeles Superior
Judge.
IT WAS A TEST SUIT.
Action to Enjoin the Supervis
ors From Appropriating
Money.
THE LEGAL AUTHORITIES CITED.
An Appeal to Be Taken to the Su
preme Court as Soon as
Possible.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. Judge
Walter Van Dyke of the Superior Court
rendered an opinion to-day that the new
primary election law was unconstitu
tional and void.
The suit was an application brought by
Martin Marsh to enjoin the Board of Su
pervisors from appropriating money to
carry out the Act. The case will be ap
pealed at once to the Supreme Court.
Judge Van Dyke's opinion is as follows:
The complaint or petition in this case al
leges that on the Bth of January, 1800. the
defendants, the Board of Supervisors, passed a
resolution to the effect that they would on
January 22, 1596, proceed to appropriate from
the general fund of said county sufficient
money to provide for the carrying on and con
ducting the primary election" in this county
according to the provisions of the act passed
at the last session of the Legislature, comm
only known as the primary election law.
Statutes of 1895, pages 207 to 218.
The petition also avers that the City and
County of San Francisco is the only city and
county of the first class, and the county of Los
Angeles the only county of the second class In
this State, and that the act referred to Is only
applicable to those classes, and that in conse
quence thereof the said act is unconstitutional
and void. That, notwithstanding that the act
is void, the defendants— the Board of Super
visors—threaten to and will, unless restrained,
proceed to appropriate money from the general
fund of the county to carry out its provision
and proceed to purchase ballot-boxes at the
cost of the said county of more than $1000
for the sole purpose of carrying on said prim
ary election.
That the expenses of conducting a primary
election in said county under the provisions
of said act will be not less than $12,000, all of
which, by the terms of said act. is made a
charge against said county. That the plaintiff
Is a citizen and taxpayer in said county and
he asks the interposition of the court in the
premises to prevent the alleged illegal appro
priation of public funds.
The District Attorney, representing the
Board of Supervisors, interposed a general de
murrer to the complaint. From the fact that
the Supervisors under the law in question, are
required to act without any further delay it
seem* necessary to have the matter at once
decided as requested by counsels when the
case was submitted. The first section of
the act in question declares that primary
elections for delegates to constitute
the various representative political con
ventions for the nominations of candidates
for public offices shall hereafter be held in
this ate under and pursuant to this act, and I
then it goes on to say that conventions to i
noraina.e candidates be voted for by the
electors of the enure State and known as State j
conventions and those to nominate members |
of Congress, Board of Equalization and Rail
road Commissioner are district conventions. '
All others are local conventions.
And then it provides that a general primary
election for the election of delegates to the
State and various local and district conven
tions in the year 189.;, and every two years
thereafter, shall be held on the second Tues
day in the month of July in that year, and the
day for holding such primary elections shall
be ft legal holiday, and the Governor of this
State shall issue a proclamation to that effect.
And in years when electors of President and
Vice-President are voted for, a primary elec
tion to elect delegates to a State Convention
for delegates to the National Convention is
provided for to he held on the last Tuesday in
March section 25). That during the month of
January of each year in which the general
election is to be held, it shall be the duty of
the Board of Election Commissioners, and
where such board does not exist, of the Board
of Supervisors, as in this county, to select
from the last assessment-roll names -of not
less than thirty electors residing in each pre
cinct in the county from the different political
parties as nearly equal as practicable, and
these names are to be written on pieces of
paper and folded and put in an envelope and
placed in a box provided by the Elec
tion Commissioners" or Supervisors, as
the case may be, and that twenty days
before the holding of the primary election
the board shall draw from the box one person
from each precinct to act as inspector, and the
clerk shall draw from the box persons to act as
judges and clerk of the board, and these per
sons so chosen are to appear at the polling
places and before the time for opening the
polls "take the oath of office as prescribed
In the general election lew."
The ac tthen provides tne manner of holding i
the primary elections by this board of election
officers the manner similar to conducting
eencyal elections, including canvassing the
votes cast, and "when the counting of the
ballots Is completed the election officers in each
such precinct shall officially declare the re
sult: and they are to furnish the candidates
found elected with certificates of election—
that is, the delegates elected to State conven
tions, county conventions and district conven
tions.
The primary elections for all political parties
or organizations within the State shall be held
a: the same time under the provisions of this
act. Each political party or organization may
determine for itself How many district conven
tions it will hold for nominating its various
candidates, provided all candidates which are
to be elected within a given Territory must be
nominated in the same convention.
Delegates to a State convention may, at the
option of a party, divide themselves into dis
trict conventions to nominate members of
Congress, Boards of Equalization and Railroad
Commissioners respectively, or any party may
at its option elect separate delegates to com
pose any or all of such district conventions
(section 13).
The returns from the precincts are to be
canvassed by the County Clerk when he re
ceives them, who thereupon issues certificates
to the delegates of the different conventions
(section 16). It provides for the form of ballot
and theconduct of the election.
The Supervisors are required to appropriate
from the general funds of the county a suffi
cient sum to pay all necessary expenses of
holding such primary election within such
county (section 18).
An act denounced as an offense by the gen
. eral laws concerning elections in this State is
made an offense in all primary election-, and
punishable with like penalties (section 20).
"No candidate can have his name printed
upon any ballot to be voted for as a candidate
for public office at any general election in this
State until he shall have been nominated by a
convention composed of delegates chosen as
provided in this act." •
The language of the act as well as its whole
scope and purpose shows that it is general in
its nature. It relates to conventions held for
State officers, also district conventions com
posed 'of more than one country, and
provides that candidates cannot be
voted for public offices at general
I elections in the State unless they have
Wen nominated as specified in the act, still by
*>< ctiou 20, near the close of the act, it Is de
eared that it shall take effect and be in force
only in counties in the first and second classes.
x.m last act classifying counties, passed Jan
uary 25, 1895, is based upon the Federal
census of I 390, and provides that all counties
containing a population of 200.000 in-
Habitants and over shall belong to
ana be known as counties of the
nrsi class, and counties containing
a , Papulation of 100,000 and under 200,000
snail belong to and be known as counties of
the second class. -Statutes, 1895, p. 1 and 2.
__. .»,„.?,, our herefore . takes notice of the fact
9 ; ?*,-*• _,-?, 0 y county of the first class is the
<* City and County of San Francisco, and the
only county of the second class is the county of
JK^J I**1 ** In w elsh vs. Bramlet, 98 Cal.,
* 1 «£? 26 ' T u,e Supreme Court says:
-li.-r legislature has not 'the general au
thority „_? enact laws for the counties by
classes, nor is it authorized to make a classifi
cation of counties for any purpose of leglsla-
Upo, except for the purpose of enabling it to
regulate the compensation of county officers,
for whose election or benefit it shall provide."
Whenever it attempts to enact a law for one
or more counties of the State on subjects that
It is directed to provide for by general laws or
which are to form part of a uniform system for
the whole State, whether such counties are
designated directly by name or by reference to
a class into which they have "been placed
by other subjects of legislation, it in
fringes these provisions of the constitu
tion. deferring to article 4, section 25, and
article 9, sections 4 and 5. Section 25 of arti
cle 44 referred to reads. "The Legislature
shall not pass local or special laws in any of
the tollowing enumerated cases: that Is to say,
(enumerating thirty-two specific matters,
among "which is subdivision 9 regulating
county and township business, or the election
of county or township officers.)
Subdivision 11 provides for conducting elec
tions or designating places for voting except
on the organization of new counties. Subdi
vision 28, creating offices or prescribing the
powers and duties of officers in counties and
cities, cities and counties, township elections
or school districts, and then adding the gen
eral subdivision 33. In all other cases where
a general law can be made applicable. In ad
dition to these, it is provided in section 11,
article 1, that "and all laws of a general na
ture shall have a uniform operation."
In the brief filed by ex-District Attorney
Dillon he admits that the act is general in its
nature, but claims that the provisions are well
calculated to prevent fraud at primary elec
tions, and he claims that whether the law can
be made applicable to other counties than the
first and second classes depends upon ques
tions of fact of which the -Legislature is the
exclusive judge, and that the Legislature exer
cised its judgment in this case.
As shown, our Supreme Court differs from
the counsel in this respect, and the convention
in adopting the provision of the constitution
referred to considered this question whether
it was one for courts to determine or the Legis
lature.
At the time this section In reference to spe
cial legislation was under consideration Dele
gate McFarland, now one of the Justices of the
Supreme. Court, moved to strike out the
thirty-third subdivision, and said in support
of his motion: "Whenever a law is passed
by the Legislature someDody will take
it to the Supreme Court to see whether it Is
special or general. It is entirely unnecessary
and mischievous. We don't want to provide
I for any more constitutional law questions than
. is absolutely necessary. The courts will have
enough to do anyway."
Delegate Van Dyke— l agree with the gentle
man that this is a vicious amendment, and I
i can see no good purpose that it can subserve;
it will always raise the question in court
whether a law could not have been made gen
eral.
Mr. Lnrkin— lt is rather remarkable that
these two distinguished lawyers should
raise an objection to this section. It
would tend to encourage their business.
That section is the most important
section of this whole provision; it is a true
principle of government, and whenever a
general law can be made applicable a special
j law should not De passed.
And the convention concurred in the view of
j Mr. Larkin and refused to strike out the
: thirty-third subdivision.
Subsequently the same motion was renewed
and after debate in the same line as shown the
: convention again refused to strike out the sub
■ division.
This shows clearly that It was the sense of
the convention not only that it should remain
in the constitution, but that it should mean
what it says, and that the courts, in the cases
presented to them,, should determine the
question whether a general law could be made
applicable in all the counties as well as in one
or more.
The purpose of thp act in question, as
I claimed, is to prevent frauds at primary elec
; tions and purify the elections, and clearly such
! beneficial "legislation in a general law should
! have a uniform operation throughout the
; State. No good reason can be assigned why
j such a. law should not apply to other counties
i than San Francisco and Los Angeles.
In Bloss vs. Lewis, 41 P. R. 1031, it was held
! that a provision in a county government law
! that fixes a fee for official services in counties
of the third class different from that of other
'. counties, violates the provisions of the consti
■ tution requiring laws of a general nature to
| operate uniformity and forbidding local or
special laws in all cases where a general law
could be made operative.
So also in Turner vs. Siskiyou County, 42 P.R.,
434, it was held that the provision in the county
government act allowing a witness in a crimi
j nal case before the Superior Court in counties
' of the twenty-eight ciass alone the same per
diem and mileage as jurors was void for a like
: reason. See also Miller vs. Kister, OS Cal., 142,
1 State vs. Herman, 75 Mo., 340, Divine vs. Com
; missioners, 84 111., 590.
In a case recently before this court, in refer
j ence to the so-called Whitney act, it was held
I that a provision providing a mode of criminal
procedure in cases in the police court
' in a certain class of cities, to-wit: Oakland
and Los Angeles, was void. That a law
regulating criminal procedure was general in
its nature and -should have a uniform opera
tion. The same case was soon after before the
Supreme Court in bank, and in its opinion this
view of that act was approved. In re Fife on
habeas corpus.
In reference to some cases cited from other
States where a different view is held it is
doubtless owing to the fact that the provisions
of their constitution differ from those of ours
under consideration. At any rate, the ques
tion has been so often passed upon by our Su
preme Court as to remove any dotlht on the
subject that the so-called primary-election law
under consideration is unconstitutional and
void.
The remaining question is whether the in
junction is the proper remedy. In Schumaker
vs. Toberman (56 CaL, 508) it was held
that every taxpayer in a municipality
may properly commence ft proceeding to en
join a City Council from doing an act which
may result in an addition to the burdens of
taxation.
The same rule is held to apply in the case of
a taxpayer in a county, McCord vs. Pike, 12th
X. E. 259; Caltou vs. Hanchett, 13th 111., 610;
Perry vs. Kinneau, 42d 111., 160. The demurrer
to the complaint will be overruled and the in
junction will issue as prayed for, on giving the
usual undertaking.
LIVERMORE LEAGUE OF PROGRESS.
Through Its Influence Arrangements Are
Being Made for a $5000
Creamery.
LIVERMORE, Cat,., Jan. 22.— The Liv
ermore League of Progress held its regular
meeting last night. The attendance was
large and enthusiastic. The advisability
of establishing a creamery at this place
was fully discussed, with the result that a
meeting of the farmers has been called for
Saturday next at 2 p. m., when definite ar
rangements will be made for the building
of a $5000 creamery. There is every nros
pect of a glass factory also being estab
lished here in the near future.
The Livermore League of Progress was
organized in the latter part of December,
1895, and held its first regular meeting the
first Tuesday in January, and already its
influence for good is beginning to be felt.
As a result of its labors the laying of ce
ment sidewalks has already begun, and
various other public improvements will
soon be under way. Livermore is un
doubtedly on the eve of great prosperity.
A SANTA BARBARA SUIT.
The Long Pending Case Between Two
Newspaper Men Settled.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 22.— The
somewhat celebrated case of Tcbbetts vs.
La Vies, editor of the Independent Pub
lishing Company, which has for several
months been dragging its way through the
local courts, was decided to-day by the
plaintiff being awarded $900- and interest,
amounting to $180. The suit grew out of
the transfer of the paper by Mr. -Tebbetts
to La Vies three years ago'in satisfaction
of a mortgage for $4700. with certain con
tingent agreements as to a surplus to oe
paid if the income of the paper amounted
to a certain sum. A side issue arose in the
matter of the salary of T. bbetts, who con
tinued with the paper as business manager
until a year ago, and much bitter feeling
has been engendered in the controversy.
TULARE BEING SOAKED.
Ranchers in Pleasant Moods Over the
Prospects of Good Crops.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 22.— The rain for
the past week has amounted to 2.05 inches
making 4.03 for the season. The country
is thoroughly soaked and the farmers and
fruit-growers are all happy. A week ago
everybody was sure it was to be adrvyear,
but now new life is infused into everybody
and business of every sort is going forward
with renewed vigor. Several small cloud
bursts have occurred in the foothills and
the irrigation ditches and streams are run
ning bank full. ■_
Lewis and McLeod Meet.
NEW YORK. N. Y.,.Jan. 22.—"Stran
gler" Lewis and Dan McLeodof San Fran
cisco met in a wrestling match that ended
in . a draw ' here to-night. Lewis was to
have thrown _\lcLeod within fifteen min
utes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
THE RIOT AT
SAN LEANDRO.
'Pistol Shots Are Fired and
Some Bruised Heads
Result.
AN "ELECTRIC OCTOPUS."
Citizens Forcibly Prevent the
Laying of a Double Track
on the Avenue.
CLIMAX OF OLD GRIEVANCES.
The Contractors and Superintendent
Arrested for Battery and Lodged
in the Calaboose.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., Jan. 22.— There
was a genuine riot at San Leandro this
afternoon. Pistols were fired into the
air, several people were badly battered, the
town firebell was rung to call out the citi
zens to protect the highway from "a grasp
ing corporation," and the contractor and
Superintendent Gustafson of the Hay
wards electric road were confined for a
PLAN SHOWING HOW FUTURE RIOTS WILL BE AVERTED.
[The crossed lines represent the present single track of the Jlayuards electric road. The
dotted line feprcxents the proposed route that will do away with the necessity of double
tracking Jlayuards avenue. The black square is the scene of yesterday's riot.]
couple of hours in the town calaboose.
The trouble was brought on by the pre
liminary attempts of the electric-road
company to double-track its road along
Haywards avenue abreast of the plaza.
About noon Egbert Stone, the contractor
who is laying the new tracks of the com
pany, drove a four-horse team into the
quiet little burg. The wagon was loaded
with iron rails, and when abreast of the
west end of the plaza the rails were un
loaded on the road.
The word was instantly passed along
that the "electric octorjus" was preparing
to steal the other half of the street. Before
the clank of the last rail had died away, a
couple of hundred people were at the scene
and Marshal Geisenhofer was excitedly
-
Daniel McCarthy, the San Leandro Editor
Who Has Steadily Fought What lie
Considers the Encroachments of the
Electric Road.
[From a photograph.] ■
ordering Egbert Stone to immediately cart
away the obstruction.
"We have a . right to place these rails
here," said Stone, clambering to the top
of the pile, .'and I intend to protect them.
They are my property and - I propose to
see that nobody molests them."
Bang! bang! bang!
Everybody looked toward the man with
the gun, expecting to see at least a couple
of corpses on the pile of rails, but it was
nothing so serious. Marshal Geisenhofer
had never heard his authority so directly
defied and he was firing a few shots in the
air for the purpose of drawing the crowd
around him for protection.
The shots had the desired effect, and in
a few minutes the roads leading to the
plaza were black with people. Not satisfied
with this showing some one gave the
order to ring the firebell. It was clanged,
and a minute later there was no one in a
house that could walk out.
Then commenced the show of violence.
Marshal Geisenbofer deputized a big fellow
to assist him in keeping the highway clear
of obstructions and to preserve the peace.
The new deputy had not enjoyed official
life a couple of minutes before he was
mixed up with Egbert Stone. Each
charged the other with striking the first
blow, and to simplify matters the Marshal
locked Stone up for obstructing the high
way and for battery.
Superintendent Gustafson assumed the
responsibility of protecting the pile of
rails after Stone had been housed in the
calaboose, but he, too, got into trouble
and soon joined the contractor. The
crowd surged around, clothes were torn
and many were scratched . badly through
being jammed against the rails.
Just before the arrest of Stone, and
when the prospect of very serious trouble
was promising, a telephone message was
sent to the Sheriff's office, and Sheriff
White, a deputy and Attorney George W.
Reed, who represents the company, went
Io the scene of the riot. By that time all
danger was passed, but ai> angry crowd
stood by the rails ready to resent any at
tempt to lav them on the street. Attorney
Reed at once took steps to have the pris
oners released, and when that was done it
was arranged to hold a conference with
the Town Trustees.
At 3 o'clock there was a meeting of the
railroad officials and their attorney and
the Trustees and Town Attorney Rawson.
Mr. Reed stated that the company clearly
had the right under the terms of its fran
chise to lay a double track through the
town, but that there was no desire on the
part of the railroad to prove offensive to
the inhabitants. If any plan could be de
vised to avoid the double track he was in
favor of it. The object of the road in lay
ing the track|was for the purpose of pro
tecting their rights. The franchise con
tained a clause that all work should be
finished by a certain date in next March,
and if not obeyed valuable rights would
be forfeited.
It was shown during the meeting that
the Marshal was of the opinion that if the
company was permitted to scatter railg
along the road they would thereby acquire
some right to the roadbed.
Attorney Reed said that such a presump
tion was unwarranted and without any
foundation.
"You have asked us to brine an injunc
tion suit against the town to restrain the
authorities from interfering with us," said
Mr. Reed, "but that is not our duty. If
we are encroaching on the right of the
town it is your place to restrain us. If we
bring an injunction suit, the time occu
pied in having it tried and decided will
be lost to us, and we might not have
time to finish our contemplated work be
fore our right to do so expires. If the
town brought suit the time occupied in
hearing it would not be lost to us, as we
could not then hel p ourselves."
After further discussion a plan out of
the difficulty was proposed that seemed to
be agreeable to all concerned. The com
pany has a track around the San Lorenzo
avenue side of the plaza that terminates
abreast of the east end of the plaza. If
this be extended two blocks and then car
ried along a side street back to the present
track on Haywards avenue, there will be
no need for double tracks where the oppo
sition to them was so plainly manifested
this afternoon. It was finally agreed that
the railroad people should meet the Town
Trustees Friday night, and that a plan to
modify the difficulty would, if possible,
be reached.
Andrew L. Stone, the secretary of the
Haywards road, says that the trouble of
this afternoon is but the result of an ani
mus that has been exhibited toward the
company for over two years. "The hos
tility toward us commenced over the mat
ter of licensing our cars," said Mr. Stone.
"In Haywards we pay a license on six cars
and in Oakland on fourteen. As our car
house is not in the town of San Leandro
we consider that at the most eight cars are
daily used in the town. We have offered
for two years to pay a license on six cars,
but the town demands that we pay on
every car we own that ever passes through
the town. That is not just and we con
tend it is illegal. The I Trustees have re
fused to accept our offer of licenses and
for two years we have deposited it in the
San Leandro Bank, subject to the demand
of the Treasurer.
"This feeling against us has been worked
up by a local editor because we withdrew
our patronage from him, and it is this op
position that is the cause, in large meas
ure, of the trouble to-day. Our only
objecf in laying double tracks is to im
prove our service and shorten about ten
minutes Oakland. If there were any
competition in electric travel from Hay
wards to Oakland the matter would be
different, but. as we shall carry no more
people than we do now, no . matter what
tracks we lay, I do not think we should be
so bitterly opposed."
ANOTHER LITTLE EXCITEMENT.
Appearance of a Street Plow Arouses the
Citizens' Anger.
SAN LEANDRO. Cal., Jan. Every
thing is quiet here to-night, and. as soon
as the rain commenced people left the
streets. There were a few impromptu
mass-meetings, and the high-handed pro
ceedings that have characterized the rail-
road since it ran through the town were
roundly condemned. Marshal Geisenhofer
is the hero of the hour.
About 4 o'clock a -street plow was
driven into town, and word was. passed
along that the railroad company was in
tending to go about the laying of the
double track in spite of negotiations. A
crowd quickly gathered, but when the
plow was driven into a yard and the
horses unharnessed quiet was soon re
stored. The feeling in the town is very
bitter against the electric road, and every
thing that has caused friction in the past
is being eagerly discussed.
The question which came to a head in
such a startling manner to-day is one that
has been agitating the town for some time.
The railroad company secured a franchise
from the County Supervisors entitling it
to Jay a single or double track upon the
county roads from Oakland to Haywards.
San Leandro is an incorporated town, and
to pass through it a municipal franchise
was necessary. It was granted by the
Trustees, but there is a doubt whether it
allows the company to lay more than a
single track.
The merchants here think that a double
track through the main business thor
oughfare will be too much of an ob
struction. To-day's demonstration, how
ever, would never have been made solely
on that account, but there are many other
things that have caused a feeling of bitter
ness. Some time ago the Trustees licensed
the cars of the company, and it has since
resisted the payment of the license.
Then the company went into the ex
press business and drove several local men
out of business. They inaugurated a policy
of all the traffic will bear, and the people
along the road are very resentful. An
other grievance is that although the road
is making a handsome profit, for a new
road, as proved by the figures given to the
Supervisors during the last assessment
fight, they have taken steps to collect
promised bonuses from people who can
not afford to pay.
SANTA CRUZ FISHERMEN
The Bay Is Full of Salmon,
Whales and Schools of
Sardines.
But the Whales Are Far Out and
Will Drive the Small Fish
in Toward Shore. •
SANTA CRUZ, Cat.., Jan. 22.— bay
is full of lish ; whales have been spouting
all day; salmon have been jumping and
sardines have come in great schools.
Both the whales and the salmon like a
diet of sardines and prefer them to any
other fish. As the recent storm came
from the ocean, the bay has been in a dis
turbed state, and it was feared the salmon
would seek other waters,
Great was the rejoicing to-day, however,
when a fisherman saw some line salmon
jumping out of the water near their favor
ite feeding ground, off Light House Point.
The water from the San Lorenzo River
has made the bay muddy for a mile or two
otit, but the dirty water is only two or
three feet deep, and below that are the
salmon. The fish are caught close to the
bottom any way. There will probably be
some excellent catches of fish soon," the
bay being no longer rough.
The fishermen are going out as soon as
they get a supply of sardines as bait. The
whales are out a good distance, so they
will probably drive the sardines inshore
instead of out to sea.
About 10 o'clock to-night it commenced
raining, but it is not believed it will last.
HER CONSENT IN WRITING.
Henry Bell of Windsor Says He Will Take
Ho More Chances With the ■
Ladies.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 22.— A few
weeks ago Henry Bell, a merchant of
Windsor, procured from the County Clerk
of Sonoma County a license to wed Retta
Herbert, also of Windsor. He stated his
own age to be 72 and that of the lady to be
25.
A few days later a young lady appeared
in the office of the County Clerk in a
highly indignant frame of mind and in
formed County Clerk Fulton that she was
Retta Herbert of Windsor; that her con
sent to a marriage with Mr. Bell had not
been obtained, and that she protested
against being married to that gentleman
against her wishes.
On being informed by the clerk that Mr.
Bell having obtained a license did njt
necessarily compel her to marry the
aged gentleman she departed satisfied, but
shortly afterward returned and informed
the clerk he had made a mistake in her
age; that she was only a little past 23 and
not 25 years of age, and she would like to
have the mistake rectified. _,
To-day Mr. Bell appeared before the
County Clerk again and demanded a li
cense, to wed another lady of Windsor.
Upon being joked by the deputies in the
office about the license he had obtained to
wed Miss Herbert, the old man said that it
was true he had experienced a little bad
luck in his previous matrimonial attempt,
but that this time there would be no mis
take in the matter, and he threupon tri
umphantly exhibited the w/itten consent
of . Mrs. Kate Linebaugh, a native of
Michigan, aged 32, to marry Henry Bell, a
native of New York, aged 72. /
The license was issued.
Movements of Warships.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. Jan. 22.—
cruiser Monterey, is due here to-night and
will remain in the harbor until Sunday,
when she leaves for the south in company
with the . Philadelphia. The latter vessel
has run down the channel for a few day's
target practice, but is expected to return
on Friday, when the officers and cadets of
both vessels will be the guests of the
Country Club at a grand reception to be
given at the pretty clubhouse in Montecito.
Breaking of the Marcuse Station Levee,
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jam 22.— At 4
o'clock ,' this evening the levee protecting
Marcuse station and the adjoining lands
of Sutter County from the tule waters
broke. ■ There j will be considerable .dam
age to stock and other property if there is
a continued freshet, but the danger is over
here. ; The river is! receding slowly,; but
railroad; travel to the north and east is
still impeded.
DOUGLAS JOINS A
MARYSVILLE ORDER
Tastes the Hidden Sweets
of E Clampus
Vitus.
HIS PERSON TATTOOED.
Put to Sleep in the Mysterious
Coffin and Given an Ice-
Water Bath. 4
HIS GRATITUDE UNBOUNDED.
Thankful That He Has Been Per
mitted to Enter a High-Class
American Lodge.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 22.— Lord
Sholto Douglas was initiated last night
into the Ancient and Honorable Order of
E Clampus Vitus, and the crowning feature
of his life in California has been reached.
The E Clampus Vitus, or as it is more
familiarly known the Clampers, is a body
composed of the most prominent men of
Marysville, and organized for the purpose
of putting strangers through a "course of
sprouts" that makes them ridiculous and
a laughing-stock for the time being, but
admits them to the rank of good fellow
ship thereafter.
Strange as it may seem, Lord Sholto
Douglas will leave Marysville under the
impression that he has joined the fine
order, for, as jimmy Fadden would re
mark, he has not yet found out "wat
fell."
Douglas was taken to Turner Hall last
night after the close of the performance
"Confusion." After being blindfolded in
the anteroom he was led into the hall,
where over 500 Clampers were congregated
and the litual began.
He was given a ride in a wheelbarrow
up a cleated board held at an incline by
two brothers, who dropped it when the
barrow reached the top of the rocky grade.
He was then put through the cave of
silence, a big sheetiron cylinder, into
which he was forced on all fours.; ">;-'
The cylinder was then rolled over and
over and several of the brothers engaged
in the pleasing pastime of pounding upon
it with boards and hammers.
After this Lord Douglas was given the
blanket elevation five or six times, and
then stripped to the waist and painted by
the Noble Artist.
He was next placed in the coffin, the lid
nailed down, the prayers for the dead said
over him by Noble Grand Humbug E. A.
Forbes, and the coffin was hoisted about
three feet over a big tank of ice-cold water.
The words. "Ashes to ashes, water to
water," were pronounced, the spring was
touched and the bottom of the coffin fell
open, depositing the nobleman in about
three feet of water.
This was the last degree. Douglas was
called on for a speech, but was unable to
do more than express his gratitude for the
kindness shown him by initiating him
into the mysteries of an American society
of high renown.
The lodge proposed that he stay over
with his company until to-night and
promised a big house. He agreed, and to
night the opera-house was packed.
Lord and Lady Douglas were to-day
driven around town in an open four
in-hand, under the espionage of
the Clampers, followed by a car
riage in which Grand Bugler Leech sat
and blew upon the huegag, a big horn that
can be heard all over town. Douglas stood
the ordeal last night— it is a trying one
— with a deal of pluck that created consid
erable surprise.
CAPTAIN LEES IS SCORED
Closing Scenes at the Kovalov
Investigation in Sacra
mento.
Lawyers Interested in the Weber
. Murder Reward Speak For
cibly.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 22.— any
one who had been present in the Gov
ernor's office to-day during the concluding
scenes of the squabble over the Kovalev
reward it would have seemed as though
Captain Lees and not the $1000 was the
subject of controversy.
The San Francisco detective, it seems,
has aroused the antagonism of the attor
neys interested in the case, and they have
scored him unmercifully. Governor Budd
and District Attorney Ryan came to the
veteran's rescue, but their arguments were
without avail.
The San Francisco chief had announced
that he wanted all of the reward and that
was enough to arouse the ire of the re
mainder of the claimants, who announced
that they would be content with a division.
H. G. Soule, attorney for Bennett,
claimed that any one who furnished the
information which led to the arrest and
conviction of the criminal for whom the
reward was offered was entitled to the re
ward. His client had furnished this in
formation to Lees.
The Governor ; interrupted Soule long
enough to call attention to the fact that
Captain Lees did not act upon Bennett's
information, and that, indirectly, the in
formation acted upon was that published
in a San Francisco morning paper a few
days later than his talk with Bennett.
Soule did not know whether this was
true or not. He had no means of knowing
whether Lees acted on Bennett's informa
tion or not, but he did know that Bennett
told Lees all about it. Secrets did no one
any good. • ■•.-''
Bennett learned Stevens' secret and told
that secret to Captain Lees, which was
something that Stevens refused to do.
Captain Lees should have acted upon Ben
nett's information. Whether he did or
not had nothing to do with it. His
failure at the time to act on the knowledge
he had gained was a failure upon his part
to his duty. : . .
Attorney C. H. Dunn, who was advocat
ing the claim of G. H. Jost, opened his re
marks by referring to the manner in which
the evidence showed he had acted. " He
said: z'/p AAp '7/4"-'/..., : ;\: y -
"Captain Lees knew that a horrible mur
der had been committed. A man came to
him and told him that he could lead i. him
to a man who knew where the murderer
was hiding in that city.
"Captain Lees paid no attention to the
information so received, and his failure
to do so proved that he is totally unfit to
hold the position he occupies.
"It shows that he wouldn't be fit to hold
the position of chief of police of Milpitas,
let alone the Chief of Detectives of San
Francisco. His negligence was so gross
that it offers no excuse."
Dunn continued by saying that his
client did not expect tbewhole reward.
In this he was different from Captain
Lees. He then scored Lees for, as he
claimed, not having done his duty.
■ Lees, he claimed, had testified that he
did not read tin on the case of the Weber
murder until May— five months after the
crime was committed. Had he read
up on this crime, which he ac
knowledged he saw from newspaper
headings, was|| one of the most
heinous in the history of the State, he
would have known that the murderers
were of a low order of criminals; that they
procured three or four hundred dollars;
that they would seek a city in which to
hide and they would probably spend their
money lavishly.
Lees was unfit for his position when he
acted as he did in this case, said the attor-
ney.
At the close of the proceedings Ben
nett's attorneys announced that they in
tended commencing suit against the rela
tives of Groceryman Weber for the $500
which they had" offered for the apprehen
sion of the murderer.
They claim that by this means they
would be enabled to stop the payment of
the reward offered by the State and have
the whole amount thrown into the courts
for settlement. When the trial comes up
they promise to show up some interesting
evidence, which , might not agree alto
gether with what Captain Lees had said.
Their case seemed to hang almost alto
gether upon bow a certain San Francisco
paper received information in advance of
the arrest of the whereabouts of the mur
derer of Grocery man Weber and his wife,
and they intended subpenaing a reporter
named Slavin, who they claimed wrote the
account, and see if he would not corrob
orate what their client has testified to hav
ing said to him.
Governor Budd said that they could do
I as they pleased, but he and Secretary of
! State Brown had determined to refer* the
| matter to the , Attorney-General for an
opinion before settling upon the reward.
Among the things which the Attorney-
General will be called upon to decide is
whether Captain Lees, as a paid officer, is
entitled to the reward.
HAPPY TULARE DEPUTIES.
They Are Allowed Their Salaries by the
Decision of a Superior
Court.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 22.— Last Decem
ber the Supervisors brought an action
against E. M. Jcfferds, the County Auditor,
to restrain him from drawing warrants in
favor of the deputies employed by the
Sheriff, Clerk. Superintendent of Schools,
Assessor, Recorder and District Attorney,
alleging that the law under which they
were paid was unconstitutional.
The case was heard before Judge Carter,
and to-day he filed an opinion in which
the right of the deputies to their salaries
was fully sustained, with the single excep
tion of those employed by the Assessor.
Judge Carter analyzed the decisions of
Dougherty vs. Austin and Welsh vs.
Bramlett, two cases appealed from Fresno
County, and said that in his opinion the
Supreme Court in the later case of. Far
num vs. Warner had reversed itself and
the later decision must be presumed to be
the law. --:;
The deputies are all happy, for it means
that they can now get their pay. Under
the decision the clerk could probably ap
point two additional deputies, while the
Assessor will have to pay his assistants
out of his salary and the fees and commis
sions allowed him. This he will be unable
to do, as he only gets $1800 per annum,
and his fees and commissions amount to
very little.
The case will probably be appealed to
the Supreme Court. ,-_J_fjg|
FIRE IN WILL ITS.
It Destroys Two Hotels and Other Prop-
erty Valued, at $5000.
URIAH, Cal., Jan. 22.— A firs in Wil
! lits, twenty-one miles north of this plact,
i last night destroyed several buildings,
among others an unoccupied hotel owned
j by Mrs. Ann Longland; also the Commer-
I cial Hotel, owned by the estate of Daniel
Lambert, deceased, and occupied by H. A.
j Rogers, Gil more' s -ewelry-store and two
J dwelling-houses. The total loss was about
I $5000, insurance as far as known $2100. It
i originated in the office of the Commercial
i Hotel. The cause is. unknown, but it is
believed to have started in the replace.
SEW TO-DAT.
WySm
Cloaffs ™<t§ul7s
iZottQatftz/Str ;/
Cloaks, Furs, Suits
Marked Lower Still
to Hurry Them.
FUR CAPES.
FINE BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES,
sat In-lined, the 24-inch garments that were
$12 50 now 87. 50
27 Inches, that were $15. now 89. 00
30 inches, that were $17 50 now 810.50
BLACK FRENCH CONEY FUR CAPES, satin
lined, good sweeps, correct style
24 inches, reduced from $10 to 86. 50
27 inches, reduced from $12 to 88. SO
30 inches, reduced from $14 t0... 810. 50
WOOL SEAL CAPES, the best quality, edged
all around with Opossum, Satin lined.
24-inch, n0w....... 813. 50
27-inch, now 816. 50
30-inch, now 819.00
..
FINEST CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES, satin-lined,
high luster, look and wear like real seal—
24-inch, was $20. now 813.50
27-inch, was $25, now 815. OO
30-inch, was $30, now 816.50
CLOTH CAPES.
CHEVIOT CLOTH CAPES, double, 24 Inchei
long, navy or black, wen $7. now 83.50
FINE CLOTH CAPES, 24 to 27 inches long, single
or double, trimmed with braid, were $10,
n0w.......... ..-.. 86 each
FINE ALL-WOOL KERSEY CAPES, 24 inchei
deep, braid-trimmed; reduced from $9 to
' ' . 86 Each.
KERSEY OU BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, single
circulars, trimmed with braid navy or black,
length 27 inches; were $10, now
86 Each.
SEND MONEY WITH MAIL ORDERS TO
AVOID DELAY. Orders filled the day received-
illOllLl 10 I AilH llberal advances upon
IflVilLl IV Mrlli iberula ' ,vi *"°' s "i' on
** ,v - , - ul i v uvilli approved Real Kstate .
and Improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITIS
NUMBER of monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. Applv to the CALIFORNIA GUARANTEE.
, INVESTMENT CO., 328 Montgomery St., 3. B.
34
THE LATE NEWS
OF SAN JOSE
Clinton, the Absconding
Contractor, in San
Francisco.
FROM BRITISH COLUMBIA
He Was Recognized on the
: Steamer and Kept His
Stateroom.
THIEVING OF AN EX-CONVICT.
Nick Josich Invokes the Courts to
'• Reinstate Him in a
Society.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22— Menzo Clin
ton, the contractor who absconded two
months ago with several thousand dollars !
belonging to sub-contractors for work on
the Jacks building on North Market street, !
reached San Francisco this morning on
the steamer "Walla Walla from British
Columbia.
Robert Summers of this city came down
on the same boat, and he saw and recog
nized Clinton. When the latter saw Sum
mers he at once hid himself in his state
room, and was not seen again during the
trip.
Summers came direct to San Jose and
reported seeing Clinton speak to Mr.
Cherrie, who was one of Clinton's bonds
men.
Mr. Chcrne at once swore to a complaint
charging Clinton with felonious embezzle
ment. Chiet Kidward and Sheriff Lyndon
are both in San Francisco looking for
Clinton.
It is supposed that Clinton had about
$3000 with him when he left. He had the
contract to build the Jacks building on
North Market street for $12,000.
A few days before he left he received a
payment of $2500 on the work, and should
have turned it over to sub-contractors. He
left his wife and children in this city.
AUSTRIAN BENEFOLENT SOCIETY.
An Expelled Member, Mr. Josich, Is
Trying to Get Back.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— Josich
to-day began suit in the Superior Court to
compel the Austrian Benevolent Society of
this city to reinstate him as a member.
It appears that Josich belongs to a mi
nority faction in the lodge, and, in their
endeavors to introduce up-to-date ideas in
the society work, other issues were brought
into the fight and charges were preferred
against Josich and he was expelled.
The action brought to-day is in the na
ture of a writ of mandate to compel the
officers and members of the society to
show cause why Josich shall not be rein
stated into full standing in the society. '
The society is one of the most popular
and oldest institutions in the city. It
counts among its members the most in
fluential citizens of San Jose.
Socially the organization has always
held a high position and politically it has
been quite a power in local affairs. It's
benevolent features have made it a society
in which membership has always been re
garded as a good investment.
Medical Students Gone Blind.
SAN JOSE, Cat., Jan. 22.- C. M. Ehr
lick of 572 South First street, this city, re
ceived word this morning that his son,
P. B. Ehlrich, and Duncan Milli
ken, also of this city, fellow-stu
dents at the Pennsylvania State Medi
cal University, had both gone blind from
the effects of chemicals used in the dis
secting-room.
It is thought the blindness is only tem
porary.
- Mr.'Ehrlich left for San Francisco this
afternoon, and will probably go East and
bring the unfortunate young men home
with him.
An Ex- Convict's Thievery.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— The police
have been notified to arrest Edward Sum
mersett, an ex-convict, who is .wanted on
a charge of robbing E. C. Humphrey of
May field, with whom he has been living,
of several hundred dollars' worth of jew
elry.
Summersett hitched up Hnmnhrey's
horse and buggy yesterday morning, and,
after emptying the jewel case, drove away.
Among the things taken are a diamond
pin valued at $75, a diamond ring valued
at $120, a diamond bracelet and several
other pieces of jewelry.
Valuable Jewelry Stolen.
SAN JOSE, Cm... Jan. 22.— Deputy
Sheriff has succeeded in recovering a pair
of diamond bracelets, valued at $100, that
were taken by Salatoro Ragosa when he
burglarized the residence of W. C. Hamil
ton on the Los Gatos road.
Ragosa had the jewelry on his person
when landed in jail, and he gave them to
one James Clark, who occupied the same
cell with him and was discharged some
time ago, to sell.
Clark sold them to a woman on North
Market street. A complaint will be made
against Clark for receiving stolen property.
The Hart Estate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 22.— E11a S. Hart,
administratrix of the estate of Wilkin
Hart, deceased, to-day filed her final ac
count and asked for a distribution of the
estate.
The estate is valued at 117,695. It is to
be divided between the administrator and
Ella Hart, a daughter. '
RAKERSFIELD FIELD TRIALS.
The All- Age Stakes Proved to Be the
Most Productive of Good
Sport.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 22.-The
third day of the field trials proved the
best of all. The weather was all that
could be desired, and the attendance was
good. The drawings for the all-age stakes
resulted as follows: Nemo II and Rods
Chaff, Betsy Mark and Silver Plate, Nim
rod and Josephine, Glenbeigh Jr. and
Orion. • , "
' An early start was made by the sports
men, and the McClung ranch, the scene of
the trial*, was reached at an early hour.
The first brace. Nemo II and Rods
C baff, were put down at 9 :45 and taken up
at 10:33, the latter doing the best work.
Silver Plate and Betsy Mark were put
down at 10:40 and taken up at 11:43,
These dogs were very evenly "matched.
Josephine and Nimrod ware put down at
11:47. There were plenty of birds, and
Nimrod did the best work. They were
taken up at 12:18.
Lunch was then taken and the party
moved three miles northwest, and Orion
and Glenbeigh Jr. were put down at 1:55.
This brace gave fine work, each getting
! eight points and backing each other well,
i iThey were taken up at 2:55. . Betsy. Mark
and Rods Chaff were then put down at
2:58. % Good work was done by both, and
; they were taKen up at 3:22. At 3:26 Nim
i rod and Glenbeigh Jr. were put down and
j did little work. They were taken up at
3:57.
-This ended the day's sport. The all-age
stake will be finished to-morrow, which
will close the meeting.
SAN DIEGO'S MURDERER.
Ebanks Must Pay the Penalty for His
Double Crime on the Gal
lows.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 22.— The jury
in the Ebanks murder trial to-night ren
dered a verdict of guilty in the first de
gree. No recommendation for clemency
was expressed, and the jury was polled in
diviaually and reiterated that such was
the verdict. *
All day District Attorney Sweet poured
a tremendous torrent of denunciation upon
the head of Ebanks, and in a speech of
masterly power and eloquence demanded
that the law avenge the most atrocious
double murder that has been committed
in San Diego County. "7^
The attorneys on both sides are men of
brilliancy ami a great crowd was attracted.
Mr. Sweet's effort was by far the ablest of
all. The evidence was purely circumstan
tial, beariug in this regard a resemblance
to the Durrant case, but so strong was it
and so ably did the District Attorney
thrust the facts home, that no possible
doubt exists that Ebanks is guilty.
. After being out three hours the jury re
turned at 8 o'clock this evening and there
found a large audience, composed largely
of women, who had waited in the interval
for the verdict. Ebanks was brought in,
guarded by two deputy sheriffs, and he
displayed less concern than any other per
son in the room.
When the clerk read the verdict all eyes
were turned to Ebanks, but he simply
looked at the clerk as a chance spectator
might, ana those who looked for a dra
matic scene were disappointed.
His attorney gave notice of a motion for.
a new trial and the court fixed February
20 as the date of sentence, with the agree
ment that if the bill of exceptions could
not be prepared in the meantime the date
will be fixed later.
The crime for which Ebanks will hang
was committed on September 10 last at the
Mussel Beds, a point on the coast .about
twelve miles north of Oceanside. There
Leroy R. Stilies and wife, and her aged
father, John D. Borden, were encamped
for a few days' outing.
. On that morning the two men went to
fish in the surf, leaving Mrs. Stilies at the
tent. They saw two men lounging about
on the cliffs above them and Mr. Borden
decided to return to the tent to be with
Mrs. Stilies in case the men appeared at
the tent.
Mr. Stilies continued fishing for an hour
or so, and when he returned to the tent at
noon found his wife and her father lying
dead with a bullet hole through . their
heads and another through their bodies.
He hitched up his team and drove to the
little station of Las Flores to Rive the
alarm and on the way was accosted by
Ebanks for a ride. This led to Ebanks'
arrest, after a long search, in which the
fugitive walked over a great part of the
county.
Inquiries into his movements revealed
that he had stolen a revolver at Fullerton
before walking down the railroad toward
San Diego, and that he had it when he
passed the mussel beds.
He did not have it afterward and search
revealed it hidden in the canyon near the
tent. Four cartridges had been exploded.
A host of minor details fastened the guilt
upon Ebanks as tightly as circumstantial
evidence can fix it. '•/»'". ';-/:
A WOODLAND DECISION.
Judge Grant Hands Down an
. Opinion of Great
Importance.
He Thinks the Reclamation Districts
are Unjust and So
Says.
y /at •'
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Judge
Grant of the Superior Court of Yolo County
to-day rendered a decision in favor of
the., plaintiffs in the case of
Swamp Land District 537 vs. Caroline
Berger, an action, for the foreclosure of a
lein upon certain property, an assessment
upon which for reclamation purposes has
not been paid.
The decision itself, being consonant with
the frequently iterated opinion of the State
Supreme Court in analogous cases, is
worthy of attention. It was as follows :
"With the policy of reclamation legisla
| tion I have nothing to do. As an indi
j vidual I have always held the opinion
j that each land-owner should be en-
J titled to go into or stay out of
, a reclamation district at his own pleasure,
I and that the legislation which auth-
I orized a majority to' impose upon
the ' minority burdens which they re
sent and which they do not desire to
assume, which burdens in certain instances
amount to coptiscation of their entire
property, was unjust; and . impolitic. I
think so still; arid if the question were an
open one and were- submitted to me in the
capacity of a legislator no such legislation
would be enacted. ...
'I, however, have to deal with the law
as I find - it,- -and under a long line
of decisions of the highest courts of
the State, - the holders of title or evi
dence, of title, representing one-half
or more of - any , body of swamp and over
flowed land are authorized to form a
reclamation district and to j impose the
bur lens above mentioned upon the mi
nority of land-owners in the districts."
ALASKA LIQUOR SMUGGLERS.
Senator Perkins Desires to Remedy Evils
in the Territory.
. WASHINGTON,. D. C, Jan. 22.—Sen
ator Perkins will try to secure the passage
of laws " regulating the liquor traffic in
Alaska, and prevent the smuggling of
liquor into that Territory. He will intro
duce a resolution in the Senate calling
upon the Secretary of the Interior to fur
nish a statement -showing to Congress the
extent to which laws are being violated,
and resolutions therefor, and to suggest
: such legislation as may be calculated to
remt-ay the evils. Perkins believes Secre
tary Smith may recommend a high li
cense."
The report of Governor Sheakley of
Alaska' is before the Secretary. Calling
j attention to the extent to which intoxi-
I eating liquors are imported, manufactured
and sold in the Territory, he says there are
laws prohibiting traffic in liquor, but it is
notorious that, they are disobeyed and
evaded, and that smuggling and illicit
trade are carried on along the coast.
Liquor is smuggled in from British Co
lumbia, Washington and other States of
the Pacific Coast and the Government
seems to be powerless to stop it. Governor
Sheaklev states that grand juries refuse to
find indictments against offenders, who
allege that they carry on business with the
sanction of the Government, offering as
proofs Government receipts issued by the
THE SAN FRANCISCO '. CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
Internal Revenue Commissioner for money
paid into the treasury of the United States,
Grand juries have held that Alaska has
no local law, and that when the provisions
of the internal revenue law'have been com
plied with one is not subject to indictment
for violation of the prohibition act. .. p
Up to the present time not one white
man has been convicted of having violated
the law. ///'//Ay
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Loud Argues for Action Upon San Fran
cisco's Government Building Marin e'
Engineers' Election.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.—
House to-day had under consideration the
resolution to provide an assistant architect
to the present supervising architect of the
treasury for the purpose of hastening the
completion of the United States building
at Chicago. During the debate on the
resolution Loud of California said he did
not see why Chicago should be made an
exception in this case, as there were be
tween forty and seventy-five other build
ings in the United States, including the
one at San Francisco, provided for in the
appropriation bills, whose foundations had
not as yet been started.
"I have always heard the old cry, 'Help
Chicago and she will help you,' " said he.
"California has helped her many times,
but she has not as yet reciprocated."
The convention of marine engineers to
day re-elected all the officers of last year,
including J. J. Scary of Oakland, Cal., as
vice-president, by a unanimous vote. The
convention was addressed by Mr. Scary,
who presented the views of the engineers
of the Pacific Coast.
Senator Perkins has introduced a bill ap
propriating $5000 for the repair of the Gov
ernment wharf at Sitka.
Advices to the Navy Department say
the Olympia left Kobe for Nagasaki to
day. -:;;:...;■•
Mrs. Sanders, daughter of Representa
tive Loud, is visiting in this city.
Grove L. Johnson introduced a bill to
day for the relief of B. F. Myers of Cali
fornia. • •..■;'">'•'.-■ 7/A--Z-:
Pensions for Calif ornians — Original:
Joseph Rowland, San Francisco. Original
widows, etc.: Arabell .JSiles, San Iran-
Cisco; Malinda C. Strong, University, Los
Angeles. Mexican War widow, Sestea
Douglass, Long Beach.
KILLED IN A COURTROOM.
A Spectator Shot Down by the
Man Who Was Being
Tried.
He Is Struck by a Bullet That Was
Intended for the Prisoner's
Accuser.
WAUKEEGAN, 111., Jan. 22.— Daniel
Core, a farmer, shot and . killed John
Dillon, a neighboring farmer, in Jus
tice Chatwell's court at noon to-day. He
intended to kill Joseph Baker, another
farmer, but Dillon got in the way just as
Core shot.
The men had had trouble over a piece of
land and Core had been arrested for threat
ening to kill Baker. He was brought to
jail here last night. The officers neglected
to search him, and when he was brought
into court he pulled the revolver he car
ried and fired toward Baker and killed
Dillon. The Coroner's inquest was held
later and held Core to the Grand Jury for
murder and he was taken to jail.
Core is a married man and says he was
driven to the deed, but intended to kill
Baker, not Dillon. Dillon, who was killed,
was a bachelor, 60 years of age.
MARKSMEN OF THE ARMY.
Results of Revolver and Rifle Firing
During the Past Year.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 22.— The re
sults of the rifle and revolver firing of
United States troops during the year 1895
have been announced by the War Depart
ment.
The men of the Department of the Co
lumbia made the best percentage, securing
48.4 for distances up to 600 yards and also
leading with 70.1 per cent at 800 yards.
The average for the entire army up*to6oo
yards is 41.8. In the rifle-firing of the in
fantry regiments the Fourteenth Regiment
led with 59.4 per cent. The lowest regi
mental record was 47.1. In the revolver
firing by the cavalry the Fifth Regiment
led with 78.63 mounted and 80.41 dis
mounted, closely followed by the Seventh,
with 77.05 mounted and 73.34 dismounted.
It was noticeable that in revolver prac
tice the two cavalry regiments were at the
end of the list in mounted revolver prac
tice, and last and second from last in dis
mounted practice, while in the rifle-firing
one of two colored infantry regiments was
ninth and the other sixteenth out of
twenty-five regiments competing.
PLAYED POOR BILLIARDS.
Capron and Sutton Pxit Up a Sorrowful
Exhibition.
' CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 22.— slowest
and poorest game in the billiard tourna
ment was played this afternoon by the
Canadians, Capron and Sutton. Ctipron
scored the requisite 400 caroms while his
fellow countryman was able to count only
269.
The dull contest consisted of forty-two
innings, while other games have "been
played in nineteen. Both players missed
the easiest kind of shots, and Sutton
distinguished himself chiefly by taking
the hard shots of the play, often* missing
when he conld have counted by an easier
effort. Capron 's high run was 64; average,
9 22-42. Sutton's high run, 52; average.
7 2-11. -> .-, - '
DECIDES AGAINST SECEDERS.
Strife Bettceen Factions of United Work-
men in lowa Adjudicated.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 25.— Su
preme Court to-day determined the case
between the two factions of the A. 0. U.
W. of this State. A number of years ago
a faction of the order seceded and took the
name, incorporating under the State laws.
The other faction had never incorporated.
Several years later the Beceders brought
suit to enjoin the old faction from using
the name. In the Dubuque District Court
the injunction was granted and the case
was appealed by the loyal faction.
The decision to-day holds that the seced
ing faction has no exclusive right to the
name, and is a decisive victory for the
loyal lodges.
BISMARCK is well.
Rumor of the Iron Chancellor's Death
 Proves Unfounded.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 22.— A rumor
was in circulation here this morning that
Prince Bismarck had been stricken with
paralysis of the heart yesterday afternoon
and bad died during the night. Advices
from Friedricbsrube show the rumor un
founded. Prince Bismarck is well and
took his usual bath and observed his ac
customed routine this morning.
The Steamer Alamo Aground.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 22.— The steam
ship Alamo of the Mallory line from New
York bound to Key West with an assorted
cargo, ran aground on Pelican Shoals at
noon to-day. Wreckers have gone to her
assistance. *
i. Sepulveda Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. .C, Jan. 22.— The
President to-day - sent to the • Senate the
nomination of Ignacio Sepulveda of Cali
fornia to ; be secretary of the legation to
Mexico. ' '■' 4;??&g&*&saE_\
CADMUS WENT THE ROUTE
With Bergen Up He Won the
Two-Mile Event Fighting for
His Head.
LADIES' DAY AT INGLESIDE.
An Immense Crowd Saw Five Out
7 of Six Favorites Finish in
the Lead.
There were not cars enough to convey
all of the people who wanted to get to
Ingleside track yesterday. It was the last
day of the two weeKs' meeting as well as
"ladies' day," and of course the fair sex
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
r , t I' i xth D «y of , th « Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine
'Track Heavy. Inglcsidc Track, fan Francisco, Wednesday, January 22, 1896.
• f4OO.
and up; penalties; parse
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
547 Put Murphy, 4.... 101 '
r>til Shield Bearer, 4 . .102
646 [.Mainstay. 4 108
646 Yemen, o 106
Miss Ross, 8 J»l
656 (Realization, 5....110J
500 Salisbury 11,3.... 94
(430)lBchnitz, 4 106 i
1
3
6
4
2
8
5
left
I left:
54
3 lVa
: 53 43
11 12
6 6
4h 5*6
Itl V a
31 3a
lh
24
34
..4 6,
5 6
6
Coady
K. Jones
Walker
Chorn
Garner
Ballard
Donnelly
; Shields
5-2
6
3
3
8
5
20
30
2
5
5
9-2
12
6
40
40
........|
Bad start. Won driving
minutes. Time, 1:11V*.
Winner, A. B. Spreckels' rn. g., by imp. Kyrle Daly-Magjje R. At post
BECOXD RA<JE-Five and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; penalties; purse ?400.
Horse, weight.
Btr.
Betting.
»p. Cl.
534 i Clara Wilson 110 2
612 Mr. Heel 114 3
562 Little Jimmle ..112 1
534 Glone 107 6
534 Afflatus 105 7
653 Irene K 106| 9
Hazel Mack 105 5
203 lAgrippina H). r > 4
Fan Idle 105 H
Joe Terry 113 10
Ulojave 1131 11
I
i
1 1
3 1
71
8 2
9 2
5 1
4 h
2 Va
6 V 3
10 10
11
15
3 Vi
•fG
ti 2
4 'a
8 2
2 3
10
9
11
16
41
3V 2
6'.i
8
7
2h
10
9
11
14 D0?eett.........
2h Lamle
31 Kergen. .........
4 2 Chorn
610 C'ochran
6 2 E. Jones
7V2 Coady
8 i (iarner •
9y 2 j Thompson
10 30 Donnelly.. j
11 11. Doggett
7-5
3
6-2
10
8
60
12
8
20
10
15
6-5
8
6
8
7
150
20
8
150
20
40
i
i
i
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Wilson & Gilliss' br. f., by imp. Sir Modred-Bedotte. Time,
J£j THIRD RACE-Two miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; a lowances; purse $600.
Index. Horse, age, weight, j St. i£ Std. Vi Va a A Fin. Jockeys.
559 .Cadmus, a 104; 1 22 2V3j 2 2 IVa 1 6 i1 8 Her-'en '■
562 Irnrmel, » 107:4 116 16 11 22 2 3 2 9 ('horn
641 Julia O. 4 96 5:3h|35 315 320 325 320 earner! '.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.
537 Adelante, 4 101 2 54 6 6 4i,i 44 j 4 -'0 Coi&v
549-FiFI. 4 91 8 42 5%j4V, I 5 4" 520! 5 50 E. Jo'uea '.'.'.'.'.'.l'.'.'. I
560 jJOC.4 110| 6!6 4 3 8 % 6 6 !6 Do-gett
Jockeys.
| Betting.
Op. C'l.
3-5 9-20
6 12
6-2 3
30 200
a 25
! 10 20
IJG FOURTH RACE-One mile; selling;
; conditions; purse $400.
Index.!
Horse, ape, weight.
Str.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CL
(561) Ktrathmeatu, a...111<
f>64 Pungarven, a 9H
55] U'yominit. 3 87 1
562 K. 11. Sfterley, 6.. 94!
SSJ Ashland Kolipse,4 88,
3
1
i
a
| 5
I 2 h
I 4V2
S i ...
2 h
1 h
3 10
4 6
6
1 1
2 3
3 10
4 10
5
1 3
2 4
3 10
4 10
5
1 2 iDogEMt
2 S W. Hynn
5 20 earner
4 10 Donnelly
6 iDavisson
4-5 1-2
6 IS
3 5-2
20 30
1100 200
Good start. Won easily. Winner, G. B.Morris & Co.'s b. g., by Strathrnore-Flower of the Meath
ie. 1:47.
KJin FIFTH KACE— Six furlongs; ■elling; three-yeßr-oldn and np; allowances: purse $400.
Index. : Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
Jockeys.
CL
r.SS Alvarado. 8 101
(666) George Miller, 6.. 119
570 Pique. 3 93
66S Handsome. 4.... .113
621 L,evenaC, 6 107
629 Irla H, 85 '
521 <Mrrou,4 10a,
(1383)jl'alomacita,3 89 j
I Fleet, 6 119!
8
5
2
4
8
1
9
7
3 1
2h
6%
4 Va
5 1
8 1
1 1
9
7 1%
1 3
H 4
6h
6 1
If
t a
! 810
! 9
14 13 Cochran.. 3
2 4 2Va K. Slaughter.... 5-2
4 1,4 »10 Coady 6
5 1 4 3 Bergen I 6
62 5 B Oarner 10
7 3 GV-> Davisson i2O
32 7 W T.Walker 130
8 820 Donnelly 4
9 : ■' 9 80zeman.. ....... 60
3
a
4
9-2
8
60
50
10
200
::::::::
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W 4 . B. Sink Jr.'s ch. g., by Amigo-banta Margarita. At post 12
lines. Time, 1:181/4-
--o SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; conditions; purse fIOO.
Horse, age, weight.
Str.
Bettinjr.
Op. Cl.
653 Olive, 4 101 5
661 Minnie Cee, a 102 '-'
658 Fortuca. 5 102! B
668 ! Arctic, 5 109 3
65S ; Daylight. 3 90 4
070 Don Pio Pico, 8... 94! 1
6 Steadfast, 6 107 7
5 IV-
-1 V 2
64
4 4
2 2
3h
7
6 10
62
8 a
4h
1 3
5h
6
3h
7
I
2 2
11
3 3
6
7
11 Bergen 3-5 2-5
2 3 JGarner 4 7
3 3 Coady 6 9
, 4 1 Hozeman i6O 200
620 K. Jones | 6 11-2
650 Donnelly i3O 80
7 lhompson '100 300
Good start.
WOD
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. f.. by Apaehe-Virsie.
Time. 1
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE-Fireand
Index.
I Best
Lbs reoord.
I I
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
488 Miss liucy 98
-Miss Edsall 110
5 Verdette 110
499 Geo. Bonhert... 112
464 to Lot 1 ryf 93
605 Green River.... 110
512 Ilapnr : 98
1270 Little Pete 107
680 YoElßey..... 116
660 Great Falls 115
634 PtxottO 100
612 Red Pike 100
600 Fijian 107
545 Ida.-auer 105
Landlord 115
336 Red Chief 112
'. Buttonhook .... 110: — ....
i '.'.'.'...'.',
...,..:.
I
....
....
....
....
!••••
....
....
.... H.Floyd ... Red Iron-Mollie Watklns
J. H. Crow.... Kd. Corrigan-oy Jocko
Vicl stable Vlci-Luctr Long
— M. Bonhert Reveille-Sadie
— M. K>rr. Ip.TrdeWd-SistertoLottery
.... J. B. Chase Imp.Orepnback-Leverett
ffycamore stable... Apache-Xarcola <
... P. K. Smith. St. Saviour-Lulu B
.... P. L. Fair :..... loe Hcoker-Marion
G. 11. Irwin Glen Elm-Xcrdica
... R. W. Roberts. Imp. Brntu -by Kelpie
B. Schrelber George Klnney-Entreaty
.... W.D.Randall Imp. 11l Used-Affinity
.... I Aberdeen stable Joe Hooker-Addie O'Nril
— E. corrigan l.omtfello'v-lmp. Manzanita
T. undy Red Iron-MacKiP D
— G. F. Hay | Imp.lntruder-by Hubbard
....
....
.....
1 ..
1
....
....
....
!
!....
BECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; three-yrar-oldp.
Index. I
494 '
518
627 I
4r.i> !
5H7 '
677 j
544 ;
528 !
667 I
667 !
644 ;
567 ;
667
567
668
! Best I
Name. j Lbs ' record.
Clara Johnson.. I 97; :56
JoeK 107 1:18%
! Don Gara.. .-..:-.. 107 1:07%
! I'hyllls.. 97 1:03
Valiente 102 1:03 Vi
1da11............ 102
(astanette , 97 l:O2Vi
! Eventide 97 1:14%
Grady... 107 1:13 r
! *am Leake 107 , 1:01 I£.
New Moon ! 97
; Walter J 107 :s<Jii
Edgeruoum 102 :55 %
JacK Atkins.... 104 :49 \;
; Veragua i 99 :56
Name.
! IMst.
i 4% t
61
6% f
, r>f"
6f
I 6f
*6f
*6f
6f
4%"i"
iii f
% m
4Vi, f
,105 F...
:105 F...
'104 1'...
1 10] F...
n:< ii...
"97 F-.
87 F...
109 K...
110 F...
iba k'.V.
: 98 F...
1109 F...
ilO6 F...
Lbs
Tk.
M. Johnson I
Westchester stable.
W. Earp
i J. ('arrott
X. S. Hall
B. Sclmtber •
Laurel wood farm.. .
:.M. Kelly
Owen Bros I
Burns <tWaternouse
W. D. Randa11......
F. McDermott...... j
I.en ■■ stable
J. V. Atkln ;..
W.O'B.M'cdonou&h
Owner.
I El Rio Key- Valerie
Jim Brown-Proximate
Batbbone-Mlss Melbourne
Imp. Tradfi Wind-Daisy S ■
Jim Brown-Viola
Ren All-Illdalga
Duke Norfi'lK-C'nrmen
Flamboau-Evanefllne
Three heer<-<;old Cup
Imp. Darebin-Carrie
Hyder All-Namonia
Imp. True Briton-Liilie S
Three Cheers-litta W
Reg«ot-Btimdle
I n fax-Partisana
Pedi?ree.
THIRD KACE— Seven furlongs; selling;. Quinlan stakes.
I , Bert
Lbs record. Dist. '
I 87 1 :1 6% 6 f
106 1:30 I 7f
I 96 t :'2BV 2 : 7 f
103 1:16% I 6f
.104 1:32% 7 f
104 i-.ig%i er
96 I :3H i 7 I
122 1:1614 6f
122 1:08% 6%f
117 1:12% *6f
117 l:4a 1 m
99 I:2W-5 6y 2 i
117 i 1:20% tit" .
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
101 11. .
110 H..
104 H..
lOti H.
110H..
98 H..
101 M.
101 Fa
101 1-..
94 F . .
93 Fa.
108 F..
109|F..i
i I
Lbs Tk.
(510).
666
662
559
659 ;
(566)
( 78)
308 j
461
477
3H4
608 '
(404)
Miss Brummel . ;
l'o;pntate |
Rosebnd |
Htßhland
Thornhlll I
Montalvo |
Olive
Robin Hood 11.
El Rayo...
Blue Bell
Arapahoe
j Argentina
i sister Mary.....
WO B Macdonogh Beau Brummol imp. Mlraee
Kurns ifcWaterhse Hw.-i'.en Kdwards-Amella P
Burns AWaterbse i'vrarit-liosPniary
B. Scbreiber Col. Hepburn-Edna
T. Lundy Imp.CUevlot-l'hoebeAnders
J. Cochran... sia-May Belle '
l E. Corrlsan Apache-Virgie
Arizona stable Oircasslan-Kevelry
C.J. Quinn Grlnstead-Sunllt
|A. Y. Stephenson PrinceNorlolk-Gem of Mtns
SantaAnitastable Imp. Cheviot-Vlente
snjuaAnitastable (iano- Dolly i,
i \V. B. Sink.... — Imp. Woodlands-Sister '"
■RTH RA
Owner.
Pedipree.
620 !
658 .
435 !
572 ]
(500)
506
662 ;
672
566
654 i
(668) i
Adam...........
i M0de5t0. ........
(iarc1a. ..........
1keL..... ......
ilrma
Klsle. ....:
Hldaga
M0nita.. ........ I
: Eckert. ........;:
Hy riy .....;..
iAH Over...
9ft 1
100
105
I wwi-.io
1 100,1:14
105 l:4ll/ 2
10S ! 1:2-2%!
9HJ1:11 i
78 i :56V2 !
103 1:80
103 : 1:41% I
95 1: 7 1
103 1 1:41%!
107 1:47
&1A t
*6 f
1 m
6%f
6%f
4Vs»
;7f .
Ira A
7f
lm
1 m
91 Fa. VVest-ihester stable. Powbattan-Wnltlndoo
101 'Fn. Woodlawn stable... Hyder Ali-V'lsalia
96 F... X. s. Ha11........... Wildidle-Nighthawk
94 F... Garden ity stable. Major Ban-Miss Flush
104 H.. CVJI. Durkee. ...... St. Saviour-Ella T
102 F... C. J. Quinn.. Fellowcharm-Elsie 8
OP F... B. schreiber^ Hldnlgo-Graclosa
104 F...M. Pchwartz........ Ist. Saviour- Mshthawk
87 H.. a. Smith...; I'lambeau-Mozelle
g F... J. H. Shields Hyder Ali-Addie Warren
99 H.. P.Dunne............ Hanover-Deceit
i
FJ
Index.'
572 i
345 I
(499)
5-JO
(662)
673
448 !
668 {
568
656 :
; .-._.- - 1 Best I : : : ' ~ ~~ ~ " —
Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs j Tic. . Owner. : Pedigree.
i Road Runner..... >114il:41%ll m 104. F.. Antrim stable Joe Daniels-"\rw« nn i. ,
Red Wi11... .109 1:01 ' 5 t 98 F... O. F. Johnson... . Jim Gore War Bannw
Sea 5pray......... 13 1:14% 6f 100 F.. P. Slebentbaler..... Imp. Mnrin," -Mar™ette
Ciacquer.... ...... i 117 I:l5V* HT 112 11.. H.Tay10r........... ThreVciieerißell?ofr n to
T0an0.. ...;....... HO 1:84 7f , 107 H. jW. Bloombaugb.. . . ion»{ellow-^alara of Lal*e
Realization:....*.: 114 1:07% 5% i 107 F .'. ! California stable.... Uegent-Sadle
Lucky D0t...;.... 120 1:44 jl in |l'2O H.. Burns«fc\Vaterhouse Imp. Darebin-Lon i, n
OresonKcllpae... 109 1:18% g* 109 11.. J. Kobblns ..! P Hookrr-L..Tu lilta
Artist ........... 114 1:26% 7f 102 F. a Oilman..". ...... Imn-lJarebln-Vlron-«in
Cold 8ug......... ■ 109 1:081^ 5%f 129 K. J. Hunter Plttsbure-Mo' loT
Same.
redljrree.
• -.- .. . ■ .-...■ = . '■ I Best r I , ~ ~~~ "1 : — — ~
Index. | .Name.. | Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. - Owner. Pedigree.
(US) Robin Hood 1.. 117 1:11% 5% t "W hTJn.H Hall ....... ' Foreater-MamtanT" ~
"'k'^-y ! £f"V""""'*"- \™l •:■■*.•• * •* •■'••••• W. Knos Iromvood-Jenuie
532 uinger 1 107 C. O. Bynurn... . Kolian-Resnond
495 Hneneme....... 11l 1:08 6% 99 F... I l\ L. Mcl>o is ' iS(d hot tie nu>le -: ' "■
507 j M iss Rutn...... 104 1:42% .1 m 94 F... :A. Man .;? ... Sobrant^Ruth ■
635 Z001e1n., ....:... 113 1 I9Vi 6 f lOaiH. B. Schrelber . ' ' " -Zorma- Krauleln
441 Amlgo ....... 109 1:09 6% f i9B F... K. Tterney ■ ijoe Danieis-P "tlsana
672 Ip.FullertnLass 109 ........ ........ .... .... Pueblo stable... KHlleron-iaxtawav
345 Red 8ird.:...;.. 11l 1:07% 5% i ; 80 F... E. Sachs:...; ! K™d IroS-Fa^nu^i.-
-545 SoUsJad....^ 109 liwft 8? I W|K...;j. McDon.UJ d"unknow hDS ° n
Pedigree.
predominated. Even after two races had
been decided people were still Hocking in
through the gates. Not a few fond
mothers took their babies along, probably
that the spirit of snort might be imbued
in them, and when they grew up they too
might become; Riley Grannans and Pitts
burg Phils. There was a slight delay in
getting home, one of the electric cars fail
ing to safely navigate a curve, but as five
out of six favorites had poked their noses
past the wire in front the occupants of the
crowded cars were in good humor and
there was no grumbling consequent upon
the delay. /pryA '/-TAP/
The racing was good and the' betting of
the liveliest sort. The men on the -block
for the field books were hoarse calling bets
off when' the day's sport was over.
The feature of the card was the two-mile
event, and when the odds-on favorite,
Cadmus, won fighting for his head it -was
the unanimous opinion that the game son
of Flood under more auspicious circum
stances could come dangerously near
lowering the California record for the dis
tance of 3:30. Opposed to him were a very
mediocre lot, Julia 0., Carmel and J 0 C
looking the most likely.
The brown horse opened in the betting
at 1 to 2, which was quickly rubbed
to 9 to 20, the prevailing price
at post time. Julia 0 was held next
in demand nt threes, with Car
-1111 1 "a 10 to 1 chance. Quite a number
of dollar* found their way in on J OC,
cutting bfooddq from 40 to 20 to 1. Two
races were disposed of before the horses
for tin lone journey were called. Marty
Bergen bud the mount on the favorite and
was In bis element. He waited on Carniel
for .1 mile and three-eighths and then
forged to the front. At the mile and a half
he was a length in front, and gradually in
creasing this lead won with his horse's
head in bis lap, six lengths before Carmel,
who ran a very creditable race. Julia O
was a tired third, close up. The dinner's
time was 3:L_'i, which, taking into consid
eration the heavy track and the ease with
which he won, was a fine performance.
Jockey Frank Coady got the favorite Pat
Murphy home first in the opening race, a
five and a half furlong dash, in a very
pretty finish. The start was a ragged one,
and after turning into, the stretch fourth
to Sbieldbearer, who had been making ali
the running, the favorite gradually wore
down his lead and won by a head in a
hard drive. Mainstay, who was virtually
left at the post, mad; a great run, finishing
a fair third. Ki/A':
Eleven three-year-olds that have failed
to run placed since November 28.1895,
next started in a five and a half furlong
dash. Clara Wilson was a warm 6 to 5
choice and disposed of her field without
ever being extended, winning pulled up
three lengths before Mr. Reel. Little
Jimmie finished in the show.
Old Strathmeath struck a soft spot in
the mile* selling event. He went to the
post a 1 to 2 choice over his field, and after
'ungarven and Wyoming had headed him
to the far turn he took the lead and won
galloping from Dungarven. Wyoming,
who was a heavily backed second choice,
was a poor third. Ay ':/■: ;■ '■//. "••■.-■
Liberal scratching reduced the field in
the fifth race, a six-furlong spin, to nine
starters. Alvarado opened favorite in the
betting, but receded to 4 to 1. Although
heavily weighted, the bulk of the coin was
played in on George Miller, and he closed
a 2 to 1 favorite. Handsome was ex
tensively backed, his price coming down
from Bto 5 to 1. Pique also commanded
a strong following. - :-.-7
Handsome and Myron alternated in the
lead the first part of the journey, when
Alvarado shot to the front and was never
headed, passing the judges three lengths
in advance of the favorite. Pique was a
close third. _"-. ■.*;.-?•
Another favorite loomed up in front in
the last race of the day, over seven fur
, longs. The speedy Corrigan mare. Olive,
was plunged on at the short price of 1 to 2,
and after being pocketed just before reach
ing the stretch, got through and won
easily by a length. Minnie Ccc, who was
in front most of the way, was second, four
lengths in front of Fortuna.
Track and Paddock Items.
The Bay District track reopens to-day.
The California Jockey Club has resolved to
follow the example set by the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club and will not furnish the
poolrooms with any information. .. *
Cadmus ran something like the Cadmus
of old in his race yesterday. • The dispara
gers of the brown horse may yet have a
chance to see that his great race in the
$10,000 Spreckels handicap, when he fin
ished second to Lissak, was not a fluke.
According to actual count 3956 ladies
passed through the turnstiles at Ingieside
yesterday.
. Both of the gentlemen officiating in the
judges' stand at Ingieside, Captain James
11. Rees and Joseph A. Murphy, are on
the license committee of the Western Turf
Congress, and yesterday they decided to
"revoke the license of Jockey "Mike" Hen
nessy. This will prevent him from riding
in future races at the new track.
Frank Coady was presented with $200
for winning with Pat Murphy. The
youngster is now riding in better form
than he showed before meeting with his
serious accident at the Bay District track
last winter.
The win of Cadmus proved a rather ex
pensive one for his owner, A. B. Spreck
els, president of the new Jockey Club.
Entered to be sold for $500 he was' bid up
to $1500, by Frank Taylor in whose name
Garniel who finished second, runs. He
was retained for his owner by the usual 55
bid. -
The Montana plunger offered bookmaker
Gcor. Rose a $10,000 bet on Cadmus. The
penciler took $1000 of the amount.
It was principally Riley Grannan's coin
that forced the odds against Pique down
The plunger began getting aboard at 8 tol.
In the second event of the day, Sam
Doggett on the favorite, Clara Wilson,
was the first past the wire, and his brother
the last one in on the outsider Mojave.
When the odds were posted on the fifth
race, Henry Wendt seemed to be about
the only one in the ring that cared about
chalking a price against Alvarado. He
marked him up iy_ to 1, and his next door
neighbor, Charley Hughes, immediately
bee him $200. The horse afterward went
to fours. -'y/ypp*
Bergen and Doggett carried off the
riding honors yesterday, each riding two
winners. Over a distance of ground it is
doubtful whether Bergen has a peer unless
it be Willie Sims. . ; --..-
Schnitz and Salisbury II were left at the
post in the opening race. Mainstay fared
nearly as badly, but Tommy Walker set
sail after the field and finished third.
J 0 C was probably looking out for the
hurdles in the two-mile run, for he did not
run up to the expectations of his ad
mirer.-.
Palomacita, who carried the Burns &
Waterbouse colors in the fifth race, is a
full sister to the good perlormer Armitage
and the counterfeit Examiner. She de
feated her fields very impressively on two
different occasions during the last race
meeting of the State Fair at Sacramento.
Alexander Shields is contemplating a
trip East in the near future. Logan, his
game old racer, will remain in California.
Orphan Girl, the dam of Helen Nichols
died recently at Belle Meade stud, Term. '
CHICAGO'S BIG OFFICER.
J. J. Badenoch, the Chief of the
Police, Is Here on a
Visit. .
He Was Appointed by Mayor Swift in
Violation of Precedents of
Twenty Years.
J. J. Badenoch, General Superintendent
of Police of Chicago, one of the most
notable men who has attained success in
recent politics, is at the Palace.
Mr. Badenoch is here on a flying trip.
Last night, by a special order of Captain
Lees, Detective Gibson conducted him and
Mrs. Badenoch, who is with him, through
Chinatown. •-■-. .■'</.
The Chicago functionary is bip in more
ways than one. He is a giant physically
and wears a gigantic mustache and im
perial of raven blackness. He is of Scotch
birth and but 45 years old. His rise in
Chicago has been steady.
hen appointed to the office of General
Superintendent of Police he was a member
of the Election Commission. Mayor Swift,
himself just elected to office, selected him
though there were scores of men who
claimed they were far better qualified.
It had long been a custom in the Lake
City for. the Superintendent of Police to
be chosen from the police force or from
among men who have been wardens of one
or the other of the penitentiaries, or had at
least some experience with criminals. This
had been the unwritten law for twenty
years.
Mayor Swift, however, violated the cus
tom and appointed Mr. Badenoch. It was
the first instance for a quarter of a cen
tury that the rule had been broken, and a
cry went- up that could be heard all over
the city. The machine managers were
hugely "displeased, for in the machine were
many disappointed men.
Mr. Badenoch resigned from the Elec
tion Commission in April last to fake the
new position. He was here a short time
before. Mr. Badenoch is said to be wealthy.
LIFE'S LESSON
Teaclies* Yon and Teaches AH That
Mistakes Are 'Made and Errors
Must Be Corrected.
If yoa have erred in youth,' if you have
dissipated in early manhood, if you have
misused your liver or kidneys you should
begin to put away false notions of pride and
make yourself a man complete. If you wish
! to begin on the right path use the Great
j Hudyan. You can get it only from the
: Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan cures
certain forms of lingering, wasting dis-
eases. Hudyan cures nervous debtttfy,
nervous exhaustion and nerve losses.
Hudyan cures certain forms of constipa-
tion, liver and kidney troubles. Hudyan
is a specific and must* be carefully used.
It is harmless, but to have the best results
care must be taken in the using of the
great Hudyan.
Send for circulars and testimonials of the ,
great Hudyan.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED 11LOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing perms. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old tores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
LIVER- When your liver Is affected you
may feci blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
[ manv men, because so many men live rapid
lives—use up their kidneys. If yon wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send fot
I our Kidnev Regulator, or better, learn some-
j thing about vour kidnevs and how to make tha
i test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
! Bent free. ___
Hudson Medical Institute
~--:/v v. ;:;■::. . ■
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ,
DOCTOR SWEANYJ
Sun Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, s oni-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the gland..
l-o _s or partial loss of sexual power in either men
' or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bnsnfulness. failing memory and all the distress-
, ing ills resulting from nervous debility poiitlvelv
i an 1 permanently cured. Oonorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if living away from tha
city an I advice will be given you free of charge.
Address . F . L. SWKANY. M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
■ Ban Francisco, ijU.
DR. PIERCE'S /® GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent: contains all improvements
and is sold at one-hat/ tbe price asked for Inferior,
but much-advertised electric bolts. •:
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierce's belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. ,', p- : p4---
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierce's belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with all others is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchasers of an
Electric Belt, aS" Call or write for free F..nrH-
i_et No. 2." Address
DBS. PIERCE & SON,
704 Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and *th floors. San Francisco, Cal,
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
<sjMs once for a book
Afi^S tnat explains how
f VTJ\ full manly vigor
v \"X **2r"**3*%S is easily, quickly
__-A fcg_sc_'r\ ant Permanently
-^SJifV^Bx*&tx^n\ fli restored. No man
i I^v^li77r^rJjA. suffering from
/ C-^__lV3t<V / ?Mtl<i weak ness can af-
Sr^^P^J /Ms/ ° r(i to ignore this
)\^&777t\L^-, iliifi timely advice.
-CA-^—Jj ti>>gJ»cGW ßook tells how
velopment and tone awimSrt^w^VeM
portion of the body. Sent^vith Sclitivo
proofs(sealed)/r e6 toWmanonappli^tio^
ERIEMEDIGALCO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
P!| PC ITCHING PILES
ILt^SWAYNE'S
ABBOLCTKLY CORKS OlllTlflEnT
-BTMPTOMS-Molrtarei Intense ltekinr an.
■ ttacins in"! at nights worse by »e-at chins. If
- U i*J , < * r i** «°" t,B «-f ta_a»r« form and protrude,
■*_ VIDTV-'l.-t-'.-J .?r»U" ,c « r * t »< &«■«"■« xtmrf
B^.-* I '^ OINTMENT .top* the Itching
•aft bleadlag, heals ulceration, and In most Cases
the tamers ___.< jour Drvgg.it for h»ELECTION LAW
KNOCKED OUT
The Present Commissioners ,
Must Step Down
and Out.
THEY HOLD ILLEGALLY.
Supreme Court Decision Which
Changes the City's
Politics.
THE AUDITOR NEED NOT PAY.
End of an Official Dispute Involving
the Validity of the Election
Board.
Ihe king is dead! Long live the king!
The new Election Commission has been
declared unconstitutional by the Supreme
Court and it must fall by its own weight.
In its place must rise the old order of
things — the commission composed of of
ficers of the City who are ex-officio mem
bers of the Board of Election.
The Supreme Court rendered its decision
yesterday, and in seven type-written pages
it shows how the law is special and local
and at variance with the organic law of the
State. It creates a special class, the court
says a special class within the limits of
which the law can take effect and beyond
which it is unavailing, and this special
class, being a class not mentioned in the
constitutional classification, is held to be
one not sanctioned by the constitution.
Upon this point the law creating the new
commission is bowled out. The case rested
on a suit brought by James Denman, one
of the new Commissioners, to compel the
Auditor to allow his salary demand.
In the constitutional classification of
cities and cities and counties ail those con
taining over 100,000 inhabitants are of the
first class, those having more than 30,000
and less than 100,000 are of the second
class. But the recent law says that the
Board of Election Commissioners as pro
vided is to be so formed in cities or cities
and counties of 150,000 people. The consti
tutional classification says nothing about
cities of 100,000. It refers only to muni
cipalities of 100,000 and under, as it was
plain that the law creating the new Elec
tion Commission created also a special
class in which it was to be enforced. The
Supreme Court declares this unconstitu
tional, and as the clause declaring under
what circumstances the act shall be en
forced is void the whole act must fall
with it.
The full text of the opinion is as follows:
The petitioner claims to be a member oi the
Board of Election Commissioners of the City
and County of San Francisco, under a certain
net ot the Legislature, approved March 28,
1895. He presented his demand for a month's
salary as such Commissioner to the respondent.
Auditor of said City and county, and requested
him to draw his warrant for the amount of such
salary upon the Treasurer of said City and
County. The respondent refused to draw such
warrant on the ground that said act is un
constitutional, whereupon the petitioner pre
sented lis petition to this court for a writ of
mandamus to compel said respondent to draw
such warrant.
he act in question is entitled "an act to add
a new article, to be designated as article IV of
chapter 1 of title 2 of part 3 of the Political
Code," and also to add six new sections, "rela
tive to county, city and city and county Beards
of Election Commissioners.'' The part of the
act necessary to be considered is a new section,
designated as section 1075, and is as follows:
1075. The Board of Supervisors of each county
Is ex -officio the Board of Election Commissioners
in and for the county and the Common Council or
other governing body of a city is ex-officio the
Board of Election Commissioners in and for such
city; provided, that in cities and cities and coun
ties of this state having 150,000 or more Inhabi
tants, the Board of tlectton Commissioners shall
consist of four persons, citizens and electors of
such city or city and county, each of whom must
be a freeholder and have been an actual resident
of said city and county at least five years preceding
this appointment, who shall be" appointed by
the Mayor; piovided, that the respective
executive committees of the State com
mittees of either of the political par
ties who may be entitled under the provisions of
this act to baye members of their party appointed
as members of said Board of Election Commis
sioners shall have the right, within ten pays after
such appointment, to tile with the Mayor a" written
protest against the appointment of, a member of
said Board of Election Commissioners on the
grounds that said appointee Is not a person of
well-known affiliation and standing with said
liar;;, from which he has been appointed: and the
Mayor thereupon - nil make another appointment
in the place of the party against whom the protest
has been tiled. The members of said commission
shall be ineligible to any other office of public em
ployment, elective or appointive, during the term
lor which they have been appointed and
for one year thereafter. Two of the per
sons so appointed shall be selected from
the body of the citizens and electors of such city
or city and county, of known affiliation with and
beloni_lng to the political party [or organization
which at the last Presidential election held in
stich city or city and county polled within said city
or city and county the highest number of votes cast
for the candidates of the political party .or Presi
dential electors at such election, and "the two re
maining members of the board shall be selected
from ti.e body of such city or city and county
of known affiliation with and belonging to the
political party which at the last Presiden
tial . election held at such city or city
and county polled within such city or city
aDd county the next highest number of votes
cast for the candidates for Presidential electors
of a political part}-. The members of said com
mission shall every two years choose one of their
number as chairman. In the event of their failure
to select a chairman in live ballots the oldest 0
said members in point Of years shall be chairman.
The persons first appointed as such Board of Elec
tion Commissioners shall be appointed on the first
Monday in July, 1895, and shall hold their Office
for the term of four years from and after the date
of their appointment, except that the first ap
pointed (two, one belonging to each political party
or organization as aforesaid, to be designated
by the Mayor) shall retire at the end of two
years, when their successors shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor. Whenever any vacancy
shall occur in the said board such vacancy|shall be
tilled by appointment as herein prescribed, and
the person so appointed to fill the vacancy shall be
selected in the same manner and from the same
political party or organization with which his
predecessor In office ailniiated and belonged at the
time of the unexpired term for which he was ap
pointed.
The salary of each member of the Board of
Election Commissioners In and for the city or city
and county having 100,000 or more inhabitants
shall be *7?>U per annum, payable in equal
monthly installments out of the treasury of such
city or city and county in the same manner as the
salaries of other officers of such city or city and
county are paid.
The constitutionality of this section is at
tacked upon several grounds, and it is appar
ent that at many points it at least closely ap
proaches the line which limits legislative
power. Under our views of the case, however,
there are many standpoints from which
respondent assails the law which it is not
necessary for us to exploit. While it may be
true, as counsel lor the petitioner says, that
the law was intended for an excellent and
worthy purpose, it was evidently drafted in
ignorance of the constitution of the State, or
with reckless disregard of its provisions.
It is a matter of history that when the pres
ent constitution was adopted there was a great
appreciation of the supposed evils which had
arisen out of special and local legislation, and
there was a strong purpose to prevent such
evils in the future. Perhaps some other in
conveniences aid evils which arise from too
great limitation of the legislative power in
this respect were not fully anticipated or con
sidered.
At all events the constitution Is exceedingly
prohibitory of the power to pass local and
special laws; and this feature of the constitu
tion should be kept in view by legislators, for
a law passed in plain contravention of it,
whether good or bad, cannot be upheld by the
judieiarv.
Section -•">(>: article IVof the constitution ex
pressly provides that "the Legislature shall
not pass locßl or special laws in any of the fol
lowing enumerated cases; that is to say," and
then follows thirty-twoenamerated cases. wbien
include nearly all subjects of legislation that
can be suggested. in addition there is a thir
ty-third clause which reads: "In all other
cates where a general law can be made appli
cable." Among these enumerated cases are
the following: - -P.
•'Ninth— Regulating county and township
business, or the election of county and town
snip officers. Eleventh— Providing f«|r con
ducting elections, or designating the plafres of
voting, except on the organization of new
counties. Twenty-eighth— Creating officers, or
prescribing the powers and duties of officers in
counties, townships, election or school dis
tricts." As the statute here under review deals
with subjects enumerated in said section 25, it
follows that it is unconstitutional if It be local
or special. But as it relates only to a part of
the territory and people of the State, it is
clearly local and special (Earle vs. Board of Ed
ucation, 55 Cal., 489), unless there are 6ome
other provisions of the constitution and some
principle of law applicable thereto which
takes it out of the category
There are two provisions in the constitution
which somewhat relieve the pressure against
local and special legislation. One Is section j,
article Xl— not particularly Applicable here—
which provides that the Legislature, for the
purpose of regulating the compensation of
county officers, may "classify the counties by
population," and section 6 of the same article
which provides that -'corporations for munici
pal purposes shall not be created by special
laws, but the Legislature, by general laws,
shall provide for the incorporation and classi
fication in proportion to population of cities
and towns, which laws may be altered, amend
ed or repealed." Now, this court has neld that
when there has been a classification, author
ized by the constitution of counties or munici
pal corporations, a law which applies to all of
any one class is not invalid upon the ground
that it is local or special. . . ■ ■
The construction of the constitution on this
subject has been liberal, it being held that if
the classification be In other respects such as
the constitution warrants, the fact that only
one or two counties or municipalities are put
in a class, will not invalidate it (Cody vs.
Murphy, 89. Cal. 522). But if there must be a
classification, it must be a general law. which,
of course, may be amended. And the classifi
cation must Include all the counties or muni
cipalities. Before 1883 the Legislature neg
lected the duty imposed upon It by the consti
tution to make such classification, and its
attempts before that time to legislate specially
for municipalities were held invalid. (Desmond
vs. Dunn, 55 Cal.. 212. Earle vs. Board of Edu
cation, .*>."> Ca1.,459).
In Desmond vs. Dunn the court held that "Sec
tions 6 and 7 of article VI of the constitution
evidently contemplated the enactment of gene
ral laws* providing for all corporations, for
municipal corporations and not for some only,
and such laws must be as general as the sub
ject to which they relate." In 1883 the Legis
lature made a classification of municipal cor
porations as follows: "All municipal corpora
tions within the State are hereby classified as
follows: Those having a population of more
than 100,000 shall constitute the first class;
those having a population of 50,000 and not
exceeding 100,000 shall constitute the second
class," and so on to the sixth class, and this
classification has never been repealed or
amended. (The Statutes of 1883, page 24.)
Since then this court by Temple, J. C. , said:
'On this sth day of March, 1885, the Legisla
ture did by a general law, as the constitu
tion requires, classify all the cities of the State.
The class mentioned by the law in question is
not one of those classes, but is a class created
by the act itself. lam of the opinion that this
cannot be done. Section 6of article XI was
evidently intended to limit and not to enlarge
the power of the Legislature, and I think that
it was intended that the classification thus
authorized was to be by a general law in the
same sense and in the same way in which it
was necessary to provide for the incorporation
and organization of cities and towns. Legisla
tion in regard to such corporations would
thereafter be made by reference to the classes
thus made * * *
•'I think a law in conformity with this special
permission of the constitution must be a law
classifying all cities of the State, or a law
amendatory of such a law. It must have all
the municipal corporations classified."
Darey vs. Mayor of San Jose, 104 Cal. 642.
We see no distinction in principal between
that case and the case at bar. In that case, for
the purpose, no doubt, of affecting the city of
San Jose alone, an act was passed by which a
certain provision was made applicable only to
"all cities containing a population of not less
than 10,000 nor more than 25,000," but there
was no such classification under the general
law. San Jose was in the third class, which is
constituted of cities with a population of more
than 10,000 and not exceeding 30,000, and
therefore the act in question in that case did
: not affect all the cities of the third class and
! was invalid.
With respect to the case at bar there is no
classification of cities or cities and counties
"having 150,000 or more inhabitants." Cities
or cities and counties having that number of
Inhabitants are in the first class, which in
cludes "all municipal corporations * * *
having a population of more than 100,000."
The statutes of 1883, page 34. and the act
here in question therefore does not affect all
the corporations of the first class. Moreover,
.there is an attempt by the act itself to create a
class for a special purpose, without reference
to the existing classification by general law,
which was held to be unauthorized in Darcy
vs. Mayor of San Jose. It is therefore local and
special", and for that reason unconstitutional
and void.
We see no force in the point. that the re
spondent has no interest in the question here
involved. The act under which petitioner
claims being unconstitutional and void, there
is no law authorizing respondent to draw the
warrant and to do the act demanded of him
would be to violate his official duty and oath
and subject himself to liabilities and penal
ties. Neither is there any room here for the
principle that separable parts of a statute
may be valid, while other parts may be
unconstitutional. All of the parts of said sec
tion 1075, under which alone petitioner claims
his salary, are alike involved in the vice of
unconstitutionality.
Neither is there any distinction with respect
to the point here involved between cities and
consolidated cities and counties. They are
both "municipal corporations." And with re
spect to the constitutional provisions herein
discussed, they are in the same category. Des
mond vs. Dunn, supra.
The views above expressed relieve us from
the necessity of determining the many other
important and serious objections made by
respondent to the validity of a statute here in
question. We hold that it is unconstitutional
and void for the reasons heretofore given.
The prayer of the petitioner is denied, and
the proceeding is dismissed.
McFablakd, J.
We concur.
Gaeoutte, J.
Harrison, J.
Van Fleet, J.
Henshaw, J.
Beatty, C. J.
Temple, J.
EFFECT OF THE RULING.
It Restores to the Old Election
Board All Powers Derived From
the Act of 1878.
The decision of the Supreme Court re- j
stores to the old Board of Election Com
missioners of the City and County of San
| Francisco all the powers which it .derived
j from the act of the Legislature of 1878,
! which created the board and defined its
duties. 7 : A/A:
The board as now constituted consists of:
Mayor Adolph Sutro, Populist.
Auditor William Broderick, Democrat. .
City and County Attorney H. T. Crea
well, Democrat.
City and County Surveyor Charles Til
ton, Republican.
Tax Collector James N. Block, Demo
crat. A'/yT/r/::.
The Registrar of Voters, "William M.
Hinton, who was appointed by Governor
Budd, is a Democrat, and the chief deputy
\ in the Registrar's office at the time Mr.
! Hinton was elected secretary of the com
i mission which has just been declared un
constitutional was Peter McGiade, a Dem
ocrat.
Mr. McGiade, it seems,' resigned that po
sition to avoid some complication under
the new law, but from what Registrar Hin
ton said yesterday it is inferred that he
will be reappointed. In other circles it
was supposed that Charles Gildea, ex-mem
ber of the State Board of Equalization,
would receive the appointment of chief
deputy. tJSIgpjSiBfH
The Registrar Baid concerning , the or
ganization of the office that nothing would
be settled until the remittitur was le
ceived from the Supreme Court.
The property in the hands of the Board !
of Election Commissioners, consisting of
! booths, books, blanks, maps, etc., was
never transferred to the Commissioners j
I appointed by Mayor Sutro under the act
I which has just been declared void. The
i Registrar has, therefore, in his keeping all
| the equipments of the office. The old
i Board of Election Commissioners, at the
j last meeting, adjourned to meet again at
! the call of the chairman, Mayor Sutro.
The Mayor will probably call a meeting
this week.
The primary election law, which was
enacted by the Legislature at its last ses
sion, still cuts some figure in calculations.
The opinion is widespread, however, that
the Supreme Court will declare it to be
contrary to the constitution and therefore
of no effect.
The Supervisors, in making the tax levy
j for the present fiscal year, were guided by
i the presumption that the primary election'
| law would take effect, and therefore act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
I apart $32,000 for election expenses. There
j will be no general election during the
present fiscal year, which ends June 30
! next, but according to an amendment to
! the general election law passed by the
Legislature last winter, registration must
! begin 160 days before the election.' Hence
j voters will begin to register on March 26
of the present fiscal year, and the money
! allowed by the Supervisors will be needed
I by the Registrar to employ clerks and pro
vide blanks to register the names.
The Commissioners and Registrar will
not assume, however, that the primary
election law will be set aside as unconsti
tutional. Should the court sustain it, the
money . provided by the Board of Super
visors will be necessary to carry out its
provisions, and then there would be no
money for use in registering voters 160
days before the general election.
According to the law under which the
Election Commissioners have acted since
the board was organized in 1878, registra
tion has begun ninety days before elec
tion. There is no contention, so far as can
be ascertained, that the amended general
election Jaw reaui.-ing registration 160
days before the day of election is unconsti
tutional.
The Board of Supervisors, in making es
timates of expenses for the fiscal year be-
I ginning July 1, 1896, will probably allow
| $250,000 for the general election of next
i November.
The Election Commissioners appointed
by Mayor Sutro, under the law declared
void by the Supreme Court, were: James
Denman and P. M. Wellin, Democrats,
and Albert E. Castle and Samuel Foster-
Republicans.
Leading Republicans, such as P. B.
Cornwall, M. M. Estee, M. Cooney and
others, vigorously opposed and defeated
Mr. Foster's confirmation, on the ground
that he was persona non grata ,to
the political party he was appoint
|ed to represent. Mr. Foster, how-
I ever, qualified and became as much of
j an Election Commissioner as anyone else
jon the board. Auditor Broderick never
recognize! the board as having a right to
exist under the constitution and reso
lutely refused to audit salary demands of
the Commissioners and secretary. He en-
I gaged Garret McEnerney to contest the
act in the Supreme Court, and is satisfied
| with the result.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
A Revival of " The Ensign " at
the Columbia Theater Proves
Successful.
Continued Popularity of "In Old Ken
tucky"— Child- Actress at the
Grand.
"The Ensign," which was revived on
Tuesday night by the Frawley Company
at the Columbia Theater, has proved the
same satisfactory performance that it was
found to be last season.
For the closing week of the Frawley
Company's engagement they have selected
De Mille & Belasco's "Men and Women,"
a play that had a run in New York City
alone of over one year. Over twenty peo
ple will be in the cast, which it is said will
be one of the best yet offered by the com*
pany.
"In Old Kentucky" continues to please
large audiences at the California Theater.
The great horserace scene, the picka
ninny band, the mountain heroine Madge,
the scenery and various features all com
bine to make the play a success. "In Old
Kentucky" runs through this and next
week.
"The "Wolves of New York" is well acted
by the company at Grover's Alcazar and
the success which is attending the perform
ances proves that the play has not yet sur
vived its usefulness.
The next production will be a new comedy
of San Francisco life, entitled "A Canting
Scoundrel."
Little Woodie Van Dyke, the child
actress who made her San Francisco debut
on Monday night, has already become
quite a popular favorite with the audiences
at the Grand. She plays her part of the
blind child in "The Man < Without a
Country" prettily and pathetically, and
she is charmingly free from affectation.
The other parts in the melodrama are
well held up, and the performance on the
whole is one well worth seeing.
The Orpheum has quite a galaxy of new
talent this week. Rachel Walker, the
soprano from the West Indies, is perhaps
the favorite performer, on account of her
sympathetic and clever singing of popular
songs. The De Witt sisters have also
proved to be effective musicians, and the
performance of the Sisters de Van on the
breakaway ladder is quite a feature of the
programme. The Fonti Boni Brothers
and Hawley and Doyle are rapidly becom
ing favorites.
The Christmas spectacle, *'Ixion." is in
its last nights at the Tivoli. "A Gentle
Savage" will be the next production.
The sale of seats for the Tavary opera
season at the Baldwin will open earier
than was at first anticipated.
REPUBLICAN WOMEN MEET.
The State Central Club Holds Its An
nual Election of Officer!..
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club met in one of the parlors of the Bald
win Hotel last night and elected officers
for the ensuing year. Steps were also
taken toward arousing general interest in
the next meeting, which will be held on
the third Wednesday in February, and
which some prominent Republican of the
ballot-casting sex will be asked to address.
The following members were present:
Mrs. Emily R. Eastman, Mrs. Budd, Mrs.
M. J. Jones, Mrs. Etta Poole, Mrs. Nellie
Lasalle, Mrs. Howard, Mrs. M. Galehouse,
Mrs. Goodwin, Mrs. Mahoney, Mrs. Wells,
Mrs. P. Uphouse, Mrs. Gelwin, Mrs. E.
Gilbert, Mrs. R. E. Shannon, Mrs. R. H.
Junkins, Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, Mrs.
Helen Flesher, Mrs. Jannett Harvey, Mrs.
Emma Gregory.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: , " __ '
President, Mrs. Addie L.Ballou; first
vice-president, Mrs. Emma Gregory; sec
ond vice-president, Miss M. E. Wells; re
cording secretary, Mrs. M. J. Jones; cor
responding secretary, Mrs. Helen Gregory
Flesher; treasurer, Mrs. Jannett Harvey.
The meeting closed with a motion by
Mrs. Kate Howard that a rising vote of
thanks be extended to the press of San
Francisco for uniform courtesy and atten
tion shown the club on all occasions.
ROBBED A STRANGER.
13. Dunton of Napa the Victim of a Well
known Thief.
Mamie Barnum alias Ethel Brandon, a
notorious thief, met E. Dunton, a sedate
looking, whiskered man from Napa, on
Grant avenue about noon yesterday. They
were walking along together when Mamie
abstracted Duuton's purse'from his pocket
which contained $100 in "gold. He soon
discovered 'his loss, grabbed hold of Mamie
and yelled lustily for the police. A crowd
of about soo people gathered round them
and watched with interest Mamie's strug
gles to get away.
Policemen Campion and Ward placed
Mamie under arrest and she was observed
to drop the purse on the street. When
Sicked up it only had ■ $80 in it. At the
City Prison Matron Gilmore thoroughly
searched the woman but could not find the
$20 gold piece. - Dunton refused to prose
cute her as he did not - want his name
mentioned . in the papers, but finally ho
was persuaded to swear to a. warrant
against her for grand larceny. She was
released on $2000 bonds accepted by Judge
Campbell.
HETROVA, THE INTRIGUER.
He Is in Japan, Constantly
Watched by the Mikado's
Detectives.
HE CAUSED KOREA'S TROUBLE.
Dr. Clark's Story of the Russian Who
Was Mixed Up With the Downfall
of Bulgaria and Stamboloff.
Dr. F. H. Clark, owner of the Russell
House and other large property interests
in Detroit, and a neighbor of ex-Qovernor
Alger, is at tbb Occidental, having just
returned from Yokohama.
He says a peculiar condition of affairs
reigns in Japan, and particularly at Yoko
hama. He told this anent the discussion
of the conflicting stories about the death
of the Queen of Korea, and says there is
a Russian intriguer going about the streets
of Yokohama who is a killer and diplo
mat rolled into one, according to common
belief.
He has been in a lot of trouble hitherto
Dr. F. H. Clark, Governor Alger's Close Friend, Who Tells the Strange Story of
Hetrova, the Russian Intriguer.
in different lands. He was in Bulgaria a
few years ago, when every other man
made mincemeat of everybody else, and
Alexander bit the dust, and it is believed
that he is the man who so stirred up con
flicting passions in Seoul as to cause the
' death of the Queen.
Now he is over in Japan for some mys
terious purpose and the Mikado is so agi-
I tated about him, tearing it is a trick of
; Russia to get the country embroiled with
i it, that detectives are constantly following
| the trail of the Slav. "
Wherever the Russian goes he sets every
j body by the ears. As a breeder of politi
j cal dissension and puller of wires he is be
i lieved to have no peer nowadays. What
j he does is at the instance of the Czar.
"This man is now going around the
streets of Yokohama carefully guarded by
Japanese detectives," said Dr. Clark.
"Two go before him and two behind.
This is done on orders of the Japanese
Government. -4 T-z- z-A
"The Japanese are afraid something may
happen to the Russian which would give
Russia an excuse for war. The name of
the man is Hetrova. He is supposed,, to
have instigated a lot of murders in Bulga
ria at the time of the death of Alexander.
"He is believed, also, to have been
mixed up in the affairs at the time of the
death of Stamboloff. Besides this it is
gravely asserted that from all the circum
stances he has probably had a hand in the
late Korean embroglio.
"By asserted that from all the that the
lees he has probably had a hand in the
i Korean embroglio.
By the way, I want to say that the
Queen of Korea is really dead, notwith
standing late denials of it in the United
States. I i get this from Stephen Bousal,
the secretary of the American legation in
Tokio. He visited Korea and got back to
Yokohama just before I left. He told me
that the Queen was certainly dead.
"There were four women in the castle
when the attack was made. Three of
these, including the Queen, were killed,
while one escaped by crawling under the
'house.
"The King himself, who had discarded
her and sent her forth, disallowing her
the title of Queen, when she was dead re
stored to her her former honor.
"She was a wonderful woman, the last
of the famous Ming dynasty, that had
held the crown of Korea for so many cen
turies. Political diplomacy and wire
pulling, however, finally ended her life,
as it had so long held the Mings in power.
"The Russian, Hetrova, is said to have
effected the political revolution in Korea
through setting one mail against another
there. Mr. Sill, the Minister $.0 Korea,
who was formerly from Ann Arbor, Mich.,
got so agitated over the situation that he
came away from Seoul. I would not pay
much attention to what he says, though,
for when he went over from here he took
two cows and a calf along with him. Ho
thought they didn't have any cows there.
His secretary was one of the missionaries
in Seoul. They all tell the same story
about the intrigues, and none of them
has any doubt that Hetrova was at the
bottom of it.
"Hetrova, the Russian, is a man gigan
tic in appearance. He. is about 6 feet 2
inches high and weighs 260 or 270 pounds.
Japan is very much stirred up about him.
Everybody there is convinced that his
mission bodes no good:"
Dr. Clark is on his way to his home in
Detroit after several months in Yokohama
and Tokio. -
MURRAY'S HARD LUCK.
He Is Cut and Clubbed, and ; Vet la
Held to Answer for Assault to
Murder. -
Peter Murray, a sailor, is in hard luck.
About a week ago he was severely cut with
a carving-knife by Charles Olsen, another
sailor, in a lodging-house | at' 547 Howard
street. Olsen was arrested; for assault to
murder, and at his preliminary examina
tion 'on ' Monday, Murray, who j had ; that
day been discharged from the Marine Hos
pital, took a fit :in court and had to be
taken to the Receiving Hospital. :*/'
s i Murray 3 went to the- Sailors' Home on
Tuesday, and late that night he was taken
in the patrol wagon to the Receiving Hos
pital with a wounded scalp and his eyes
blackened. After his wounds were dressed
he was j removed to the City Prison and
booked on the charge of assault to murder,
the complaining witness being Special
Officer Herlihy. *".
Yesterday morning Murray appeared
before Judge Low. Three sailors, friends
of Olsen. and Special Officer Herlihy testi
fied to Murray having thrown a heavy
piece of crockery at Herlihy, who was
called in to keep him from raising a dis
turbance, and Herlihy, to subdue .him, had
to use his club, which he did with marked
effect. On this . testimony the Judge held
Murray to answer before the Superior
Court in $1000 bonds.
Murray was not represented by counsel,
and the prosecution -had it all their own
way. He says that Olsen's friends had
been threatening him that if he testified
acainst him they would do all sorts of
things to him. They got him drunk on
Tuesday night, and when he was going
into his room three of them and Special
Officer Herlihy attacked him, and he
threw the piece of crockery at them to de
fend himself. Special Officer Herlihy's
conduct may be brought to the attention
of the Police Commissioners. 74/
LOSING THEIR TERRORS.
The Diphtheria and Croup Death Bates
Are Decreasing; Rapidly in
This City.
The United States Marine Hospital Ser
vice is comt)iling a statement of the ray-
ages of croup and diphtheria in the vari
ous cities of the United States with a view
to ascertaining the climatic and sanitary
condition most favorable to ihe spread of
the diseases.
The Board of Health received a letter from
Walter Wyman, supervising surgeon-gen
eral of the service, asking information on the
subject and the board was pleased to send
a statement showing that during the past
five years the death rate in San Francisco
from the diseases mentioned has declined
to a remarkable extent. The figures are as
follows:
1891. 1892. 1893. 3894. 1895.
Diphtheria 314 229 153 38 «1 ■.
Croup. 143 89 73 39 27
The low death rate in 1895 is due to bet
ter sanitary arrangements and increased
vigilance on the part of the health officials
in isolating cases as soon as they appeared.
-♦ — * — » —
GIFTS OF BOXES OF ORANGES.
How Pomona .Hade Glad a Large Party
of Visitors.
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific Company is quite
proud of a box of oranges that he has on
exhibition on the top of his cylinder desk.
It is a souvenir of an excursion engineered
by the enterprising people of Pomona
from Los Angeles, an affair in which no
less than 1032 people participated.
As an inducement to people to pay their
town a visit the progressive residents of
Pomona promised that each excursionist
would be presented with a box of oranges,
and they kept their pledge, despite the
fact that the influx exceeded their most
sanguine expectations.
The oranges were all selected specimens,
carefully wrapped in tissue paper, and so
large that each box held but two of the
golden-hued globes. And it detracted
little from the appreciation of the novel
gift that the box measured 7x3x3 inches.
TO-DAY'S AUCTION.
A Largo Attendance and Spirited Bid
ding Anticipated for To-Day's
Auction.
The low rates of interest paid by the
savings banks is leading many to look for
more profitable investments. ; This, to
gether with the bright outlook for better
times, makes the sale of the Pacific Im
provement Company's lots most oppor
tune. /y/pA '
The property fronts on Market, Valen
cia, Mission, Twelfth, Hermann, etc., and
will be sold by Baldwin & Hammond at
their office at 12 o'clock to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 6181. '7
CLOAKS, CAPESISD JACKETS
at AUCTION!
TO-MORROW.
Friday ..............January 24. 1896,
■ '_ At 11 o'clock a. m., in our salesrooms,
31 AND 33 SUTTER STREET,
...'.we will 5e11. ...
By order of a New York Manufacturer and con-
,_ signed to us for Peremptory Sale, .
400 Cloaks, Capes and Jackets,
In Plush, Velvet,' Broadcloth,
Silk and Satin. ■ . '
Note.— above goods ] are very flne and to
them we beg to call the attention of ladies desiring
flne outer garments. ■ f \
' A3~ Goods Now on Exhibition.
EDWAKD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers, 7 7
4.4. -p'. ■••■ 31 and 33 Sutter street.
- ■ ■ '■■■,■■;■.■ ..--■' *■■.- ■-■..■ - -..-.'
___ NEW TO-DAY- AUCTION SALES.
[ TO-DAY I M
I TO=DAY %*
! TO-DAY Jjk
I TO=DAY [__w\
At 12 o'clock noon, in our salesroom, we |
I ' will sell I
| AT AUCTION
The Pacific Improvement Company's cen- I
\ trally located business and residence property.
ft 7fl I fITC* With frontages on Market,
J ill I IX Mission, Valencia, Twelfth, !
I IV hv ■ V Hermann, etc. Also corner ¥
\ Seventeenth and Castro ; corner Fifteenth _
| and Valencia, and 5 lots on Waller, near jf
S 1 Stanyan.
HAVE YOU A CATALOGUE ? ? 1
j BALDWIN and
1 HAMMOND, io Montgomery St. \
I ■
I and Valencia, and 5 lots on Waller, near
Stanyan.
HAVE YOU A CATALOGUE??
BALDWIN and
HAMMOND, io Montgomery St.
I 1
g I?
1 TERMS : M Cash. |
\ Balance in 1,2 and 3 years. I
Agood thing-push it along
Hie largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for io cents
RIGGS HOUSE, '
Vvaalainston, 3D. Cm
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of tbe National Capital. First class in all appoint-
ments. U. DkWITT. Treaa. ,
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
-CLLblnlb LliLi
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises,
: . Sprains, Stiff Joints ami Swellings.
IT STOPS ALL PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS- SELL IT. -
50 CENTS AND 81 A BOTTLE.
HEALTH RESORTS:
SflLlniTlUM
7:7 (Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
j Is under strictly regular management: a quiet,
: homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage,' electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
thai is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may bo
obtained.*"
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to ?20 per week.
Send for. circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cal.
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market St.,
at 7 a. xt. and 4 r. m.. via Vallejo Junction, reach
iug St. Helena at 10:13 a. si. and 7:08 r. m.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDCiE,
, Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
tally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
ally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . . .; 6.00 j
" Daily and Sunday Tali., six months, by mail.. 3.00
rally and Sunday Cat.,., three months by mail 1.50
Bally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Wjcxkly Call, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lS6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: j
620 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
fi :S0 o'clock.
£89 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larki-i street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\Y . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Bf.il 9 o'clock.
2616 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
ll»> Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms SI and S2, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY JANUARY S3, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is time for the world to drop the war
talk and get ready for the California car
nivals.
It now seems the flying squadron was in
tended only to make a holiday parade for
the Queen.
To make a really cordial settlement
with England it may be necessary to
liquor first.
The work of street-cleaning ought to in
clude' ridding the- city of professional
tramp beggars.
The Senate discusses finance, but the
people are talking of work and wages and
demand protection.
The storm clouds have blown over and
nothing remains of the rain except the
blessing it brought.
As long as the Clarke gongs come so high
they will make more- noise in town than
the owner intended.
We must return to the reciprocity sys
tem to make Pan-Americanism mean busi
ness in every respect.
lowa returns Allison to the Senate, but
it is more than likely the Nation will call
him to another place.
In the Cleveland thirty-year bonds this
country will long have a reminder that the
evil men do lives after them.
If the new poet-laureate would kindly
make his office a sinecure and take a life
long holiday no one would object.
The Davis extension of the Monroe doc
trine is Only another evidence of how
things grow in a growing country.
If Salisbury does not recognize our Ven
ezuelan commission it will be a sure proof
he doesn't know a fact when he sees it.
With its funding-bill schemes and its
lawsuits the monopoly comes very near
monopolizing public attention as well as
transportation.
The Fresno and Monterey Railroad has
been in the air a long time, but there is a
prospect it will now come down to earth
and get a move on.
... '.: i - .
San Jose is crowding the season in get
ting in a snake story this early in the
ye.r, then the people down there are
preparing for a carnival.
The crater of Kilauea is a regular world's
exposition for Hawaii, and the islanders
seem to be able to turn it on whenever
tourist traveling needs booming.
Now that Argentine is reviving her
claim against England for the Falkland
Islands we might as well revive our old
demand of "fifty-four forty or fight."
Congressmen who believe in protection
should remember that a defeat of the
funding bill would be one way of protect
ing the industries of the Pacific Coast.
Justice Field says he is willing to resign
if he is allowed to name his successor; but
what kind of a Supreme Court would we
have if that rule for filling vacancies pre
vailed
Professor Totten's idea of a Pan-Ameri
can congress isn't bad, but the one we
have at Washington is Pan-American
enough so far as the Monroe doctrine is
Concerned.
Considering that Salisbury began life as
a working journalist and achieved success
at it, he is taxing a very long time to write
his stuff in reply to Cleveland's Vene
zuelan message.
If Huntington and his associates would
propose to refund the money of which they
have defrauded the people there would
not be so much objection to the very name
of a refunding scheme. 777,^77
The National Convention of the Manu
factures Association has formally de
manded a return to the protective system,
and in doing so has sounded the keynote
of the coming campaign. ,",.
Chamberlain says the war flurry has
done a service to England by enabling her
to show her face to the world, but if he
knew how that face appears to other na
tions he would change his mind.
It was hardly necessary for Goschen to
deny the rumor that the British Govern
ment intended to put another squadron in
commission, for up to date it doesn't seem
to know what to do with the one it has.
The report that the British are increas
ing the coal supply in their ports near Ven
ezuela and have projected a railroad to a
point at the month of the Orinoco may
mean business, but it looks like a war bluff.
The request made of the British Govern
ment by the Venezuelan commission for
information concerning the British claims
is said by some of the London papers to be
fair and reasonable, while others call it an
insult, and it goes without saying that if
Salisbury is wise he will act with the fair
and reasonable crowd.  . '
Among the papers of the State that have
taken a conspicuous part in the contest
against the railroad refunding scheme
none has been more vigorous than the Star
nor more emphatic in defending the wel
fare of the people. Editor Barry has long
been known as a man who has not only the
courage of his convictions but the force to
sustain them against any opposition and
in this fight he has ably maintained his
reputation. BHH^'
THE EISE IN WHEAT.
The reports of the shortage in the wheat
crop of the world which have appeared
with considerable frequency for some time
past have now been so far confirmed as to
produce a notable effect on prices. The
steady rise which has been going on slowly
for a lone time became yesterday a swift
upward bound. On Tuesday there was an
advance of I\s cents per cental, but yester
day the rise was Z]4 cents, raising the price
from §1 11 to ?1 1-1 ! s . i<. ■
There is every reason to believe the ad
vance is based on substantial considera
tions, and is not due to a mere flurry in
the wheat pit. It is pretty well assured
that the crops of India and Argentina are
below the normal level, while that of
Australia is so short that instead of hav
ing wheat to export as usual, her people
have become buyers, and are drawing
from our markets to supply their own.
The shortage of the crops, however, is
not the only cause of the rise. When
wheat wont down to 80 cents in 1894 the
fall was due/not so much to an oversup
ply as to the financial depression and
industrial ruin that drove the whole civil
ized world into a forced economy and
brought down the prices of all products.
With the tendency toward greater confi
dence and a revival of industry prices are
generally advancing, and this movement
affects the wheat market as well as others.
The rise in prices is founded, therefore,
upon an increased demand as well as a
diminished supply, and the two causes
taken together promise that the advance
will be steady and sure for some time to
come.
A considerable advance in the price of
such a staple article of food as wheat ap
pears at first to be something of an injury
to men. It suggests an increased cost of
living, a greater difficulty in obtaining
food and a harder, struggle for existence
among the poor. The laws of life, how
ever are full of paradoxes, and this is
one of them. Within limits not easily
defined a rise in the price of wheat
is a distinct gain for all classes.
It carries prosperity in the first
place to the farmer, and when that funda
mental . industry is prosperous all other
industries begin to flourish. With the in
creased price of wheat farm mortgages will
be paid off, more manufactured goods will
he purchased, banks will have more money
to lend and be readier to lend it, factories
will start up, new enterprises will be
undertaken and increased work and im
proved wages will more than compensate
to wage-earners whatever increase they
may have to pay in the price of food.
It is worth noting that the rise does not
come unexpectedly. The decrease in the
crops of the world could not of course be
foreseen, but the growing confidence
among the people ana the increased con
sumption was foreseen and predicted as
the natural result of the overthrow of the
free-traders in the late elections. The
people see before them an assurance of a
speedy return to the protective system and
are therefore living better than they could
afford to do under Democratic supremacy.
The rise in wheat, therefore, is by no
means a flurry. It is a foretaste of the
coming of another era of Republican pro
tection and industrial prosperity.
COMPETITION IN TRADE.
It is not often that a representative of
Los Angeles is heard to complain of
any rivalry the people of that vigorous
city are called upon to meet. As a rule
all who have any pretensions to represent
that enterprising community are them
selves so enterprising that rivalry is father
welcome to them . than otherwise, as it
gives them an opportunity to show the
vigor that is in them and the ability to
overcome opposition.
The general tenor of all that Los Angeles
says through her press being of this self
confident and aggressive tone, it is sur
prising to find a journal of such enterprise
as the Trade Review complaining that San
Francisco merchants are competing for Los
Angeles trade, and even carrying its com
plaints so far as to urge the people of that
city not to patronize those whom it calls
absentee merchants.
Had such a complaint come from a dull
and stagnant town in what Poe called "a
world of moan," it would occasion no com
ment and hardly attract notice. Coming
from Los Angeles, however, ranks among
the extraordinary phenomena of the day.
The merchants -of that far-reaching me
tropolis of the imperial orange center of
the Golden "West have sent their agents
into every town of Southern California and
Arizona and are planning to send them
on wider ventures yet. Some of them,
indeed, have already gained access for
their agents into this fair town of ours.
The sale of Los Angeles oranges and of
Los Angeles orange wood bric-a-brac in
San Francisco is well known both to fame
and to trade. This being the case, it is
foolish for her people to complain when
we return the competition by way of re
ciprocating the compliment of her trade
calls on us.
There is a wonderful future before Los
Angeles if she keens up the speed she had
of old and gives competition the welcome
that the life of trade deserves, but there
will be nothing before her if she shrinks
from it and sits down to complain about
it. Of all papers in the world one that
calls itself a Trade Review should bo the
last to call the enterprise of merchants an
injury to the community to which they
extend their trade. Our complaining con
temporary says of the San Francisco men:
"They are parasites these agents sucking
the life blood out of the body commercial
of Los Angeles." This is a mistake.
They are simply infusing new blood into
Los Angeles, and it would seem that it is
needed. • xk,-.
TEE TRANSFER SYSTEM.
The spectacle of a large body of digni
fied, useful .'influential and public-spirited
citizens being compelled to appeal to the
manager of a street-railway system for a
simple act of business justice is not a pleas
ant thing to contemplate. That the Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco is
willing to place itself in such an attitude
must be galling to the individual pride of
its members, and for such a sacrifice in the
interest of the public they deserve the
warmest thanks and consideration of the
people. But we' cannot conceal the fact
that the necessity for such an attitude is a
confession that the Market-street Railway
Company is stronger -than the City; that
it has the power of determining whether
it shall build up or pull down this or that
part of the town, and that it is wholly
above and beyond any municipal power or
the influence of any consideration that
does not spring from a; regard for its OWn
convenience and income.
Mr. Vining is now asking who it was
that promised on behalf of the company
to issue transfers interchangeable between
Kearny street and Mission, Market, Sacra
mento and Clay streets. There is not a
more notorious fact than that 7 such a
pledge was given in .consideration of the
withdrawal of the injunction suit, that put
a temporary stop to the building of the
Kearny-street line. But apart from any
such pledge and a manifest disposition to
ignore it are the two considerations that
the people have a right to the transfers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
and that a withholding of them has in
jured business and property on Kearny
street. It is monstrous. that any street
railway company should be permitted to
exercise so arbitrary and dangerous a
power. • "
PROTECTION DEMANDED.
It is a familiar fact that the people and
not Congress make the politics of this
country. The course of coming political
contests can be better estimated by a
study of the meetings of various classes of
men in their annual conventions than by
following the debates of the House and
the Senate. For that reason the proceed
ings of the two conventions of business
men held in Chicago on Tuesday are of
more than ordinary interest, as they not
only reveal the sentiments of the delegates
present, but afford a basis for determining
what the business men of the country re-
gard as the supreme issue to be decided in
the coming campaign.
Of the two conventions, one represented
the Textile Manufacturers of the Western
and Southern States and the other and
larger one represented the National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers. Though they
met in separate halls, the addresses were
of such similarity in tone and sentiment
that virtually they formed but one con
vention. The addresses in each turned
upon the disasters brought upon Ameri
can industry by the Wilson tariff, and the
demand of both was for a speedy return
to the Republican protective system in
order that the country might recover its
lost prosperity.
The proceedings of the convention of
Western and Southern Textile Manufac
turers was particularly significant, as it
shows how far the prestige of the Demo
cratic party has been broken in the South
ern States by the experiment with free
trade. Letters were read from manufac
turers in North and SoutH Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana
and Kentucky, as well as from those of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Oregon
and California. Nearly all of them not
only reported injuries done to industry by
the free-traders in the last Congress, but
deplored the present stagnation and urged
that the present Congress should do what
it can to afford protection.
In each convention the growing danger
of an Asiatic competition more dangerous
than that of Europe occupied much of the
attention of the speakers. 7 In that of the
Textile Manufacturers the statement of
C. H. Mason of Illinois that with these
new competitors in the field "not only
protection but prohibition would be neces
sary, just as the Chinese were shut out be
cause they were not adapted to our civili
zation," was received with prolonged ap
plause. In the other convention resolu
tions were adopted calling for an investi
gation of the extent to which Oriental
manufactured goods were being imported,
and recommending prompt action against
this new menace to American industry.
The whole tone of the proceedings of
these two important meetings of represen
tative business men makes it certain that
the people understand the real need of the
country at this time. Democratic poli
ticians may attempt to evade all discus
sion of the tariff by talking of war or
finance, but they will fail. Tariff revision
is the supreme issue. It is the present
tariff that causes the deficit in the rev
enues, that makes the drain on the treas
ury, that rolls up an adverse balance of
trade, that leads to the export of gold, that
paralyzes industry and compels the most
wealthy and enterprising people on earth
to face hard times in every home and
maintain the Government only by run
ning into debt. ApA'AA
THE TIGHT FOR THE STATE.
An advocate of a railroad funding scheme
will have to show something in justifica
tion besides the fact that an extension of
the railroad debt would relieve the debtor
roads of an : embarrassing burden. He
would have to show that such a course
would be furthering the ends of justice
and the interests of the people. In addi
tion^ to this he would have to make this
negative -showing: that such an exten
sion would not be a perversion of justice,
a condonation of a swindle, an encourage
ment of a powerful monopoly and a per
petuation of that monopoly's wrongs and
power.
This will be impossible. Every argu
ment in support of a refunding policy to
ward the railroads is easily answered by a
dozen that will make it nugatory.
The great distance separating the Na
tional capital front the tremendous pres
sure that California , could bring to bear
on a nearer place gives Mr. Huntington
the one hope which he cherishes of defeat
ing any opposition to his scheme. In ad
dition to that he has the advantage of an
opportunity to drag up the old sandlot
crusade and show that the present move
ment is similar in character to that. These
facts make it necessary for California to
put forth a far stronger effort than if Con
gress were assembled at Sacramento. It
must be a strong voice and a long arm
that can reach across the continent.
Pitted against Mr. Huntington, fighting
as he is on familiar ground and surrounded
by a well-organized body of trained lob
byists (whose remuneration must come
out of the industries of California), is a
handful of patriotic and fearless Califor
nians, practically without money and
forced to contend against a Congressional
organization hostile to the cause which
they represent. It would be difficult to
imagine how men could be more heavily
handicapped. They have only the truth
and justice as their weapons, and it is due
from every Californian to give them every
possible assistance and encouragement.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"It's a good deal of work to Veep this tail of
mine from getting twisted," said the British
lion. ... '-;. \ ..-.. . '
"You don't go about it in the right way," re
plied the Russian bear. "You ought to quit
lashing It and wag it once in awhile."—Wash
ington Star. A. . ....
Mildred— l wouldn't marry the best man in
the world 1 * » J *
Mr. Suitor— There is no danger; the bride
never gets the best man.— Tid-Bits.
Winks— And so, you say, he had fourteen
children. What a family 1
Links— Yes, he named the last one Chest- ■
nut.— Someryille Journal.
"Remember, ladies," says the Manayunk
philosopher, "that your husbands are like
eggs; if you persist in keeping them in hot
water they'll get * hardened." — Philadelphia
Record. - " j.\
A young society belle of Winchester told one
of her gentleman callers a few evenings sipce
that her health had greatly improved since
taking Delsarte. j He wisely asked:
"Do you take it internally or rub It on?"—
Paris Republican: :..7 pp.
He— And did you see Monte Carlo while you
were at Nice? .
She— papa called on him, I believe, but,
from his disappointed appearance when he re
turned to the hotel, I; think Mr. Carlo must
have been out.— London News.
Mrs. Nouveaa— When we were in Rome we—
Miss Nouveau— But, mother, we were not in
Rome. .'•;_ , ';/'■■■;_■
Mrs. Nouveau— Why, darling child, we were
in Rome. Don't you remember, that is where
we bought silk stockings so cheap.—
Life.
AROUJD THE CORRIDORS.
"Whew!" ..—--" ; 7 A.
Mr. William Hopkins, the gentleman who
sings the best oarytone in the Bohemian Club,
mopped the perspiration off his forehead and
looked up at the summer sky which showed
itself in good shape yesterday.
% "For the last six days," said he, "I have been
leaving my overcoat and umbrella home hop
ing it would clear off— but it. didn't. To-lay I
put on plenty of thick clothing and took an
umbrella which 1 managed to steal back from
the man who stole it from me, and now the
sun comes out with a glare - that drives a man
to cold bottles and shady corners. Whew 1
"I have always found"' it the popular thing
with me to do the wrong" thing at the right
time. If I buy a straw hat it rains, and if I
stay with a felt hat people ask me why I do not
get in fashion and secure a straw. , By the time
I get a straw, pursuant to violent solicitation
on the part of my friends, it goes out of' fashion
and when the summer season comes around
MR. .HOPKINS CONFESSES THAT HE IS A JONAH.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
again the style changes and I am a back num
ber once more. I went on a mountain climb
ing trip with some friends once who told me
on the side that the guests were English gen
tlemen and that I was expected to appear in
the latest British styles. I got a dickey cap, a
walking coat buttoned tight around me, and
grabbing a heavy stick by the ferrule sallied
forth to meet the gentlemen with a briar pipe
in my teeth. Of course it all turned out as I
feared. What do you suppose they had for
costume ?"
'.'I give it up, Hop."
"Knickerbockers, loose walking coats and
alpenstocks. Same way in all walks of life
with me. I never got things just right on any
single occasion jof my existence.. It" is a fact
that once I went fishing in the ocean with fly
hooks. About five years ago," when I was
traveling up in Northern California, I found it
necessary to mate a trip to some mines. There
was considerable snow on the ground, sol
hired a sleigh and traveled sixty miles in one
day, arriving at my . destination about night
fall. I had the horses put up and went to bed,
after filling up on a good mountain dinner, to
dream of the pleasures of a return trip, Which
promised to be exceedingly pleasant, as an
other light fall of snow was threatened. When
I awoke in the morning I looked out of the
window only to see the bare ground, which
had been swept clean of the beautiful white by
a warm south wind. I had to walk back.
"About the worst luck I ever had was when
I went up to Oregon to hunt deer. I spent a
great deal of time and money preparing things
and was sine of a good record. Remember,
now, I tell you this in confidence and would
not like to have it generally discussed, but just
as true as my name is Hopkins the State Legis
lature passed a law the day I arrived declaring
a close season of two years on deer and elk."
A LOUIS XVI EFFECT.
The Louis XVI effects are perhaps most in
evidence in handsome gowns for teas, recep
tions and calling. The jacket and skirt, of
contrasting materials, is the generally ac
cepted mode, but entire costumes made of one
fabric are often seen, with revers and vest of
other goods and colors by way of contrast. A
very handsome gown of smooth face black
cloth had skirt and jacket entirely of cloth.
The touch of color necessary to a fashionable
costume was supplied by linings of ro;e-col
ored miroir velvet. Th"is was visible at the
edges of the skirt portion of the jacket, which
through its shape, reveals the lining in the
collar and revers lining. The vest was;com
posed entirely of pleatings of fine yellowish
lace about three inches deep set in rows across
it— a frill of the same set out from the top of
the crush collar of rose velvet. .
A very beautiful reception gown was of the
new silk showing shadowy rose-colored flowers
on black and brown ; taffetas for the skirt.
The jacket was of brown velvet, wish vest
and revers of white satin elaborately embroid
ered and spangled. The deep, cape-like collar
in tne back was of brown velvet.
A gown of green had ; a crepon skirt with
velvet jacket. The; revers and vest ( were of
greenish light blue satin covered with an Inch
band of mink. ' -p-p-;-;
A black and green boucle cloth skirt was
worn with a green velvet coat. The vest was
of Persian lamb fur,. the revers of velvet being
finished with a _ narrow ■ Hand of the same.
Handsome gilt buttons and a narrow gilt belt
gave the needed touch of brightness. '
A tan smooth' cloth was- made with vest
of beaver, the same fur edging the revers and
collar. Enameled buttons: in bright colors
were added. - : -.T- :■■■
A rich purple cloth had a vest and revers of
ivory .satin exquisitivelv braided in. black.
The htted-high collar.was decked with a ruche
of ivory-colored lace. -_ • • ■ • -
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
WHAT THE FUNDING BILL WILL DO.
IT WILL IMPOSE A BURDEN OF FIFTY MILLIONS
UPON CALIFORNIA. .'-"
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
C. P. Huntington and his late associates owe
the Government of the United States $70,000,
--000, less some money in the sinking fund and
claims for transportation against the Govern
ment, amounting in all to $3,000,000 or there
abouts. Mr. Huntington; speaking for himself
and his late partners, says that he is not able
to pay : up just now. Indeed, he manifests
some indignation that he should be asked at all
to make any settlement. He considers himself
and those who operated with him in the light
of puDlic benefactors. ' It is pointed out by him
triumphantly that whereas once people had to
cross the plains in wagons they now by the
foresighted sagacity 'of that philanthropist
ride In rail coaches. The Government itself is
said to be deeply in debt . to these patriots be
■ ,■■.., T■ ' '' " V - '"■'■ -■_..■
cause it can transport its supplies and troops
much more easily than formerly. But conced
ing something to unreasonable preference in
that belief the railroad magnate is willing to
pay up if he gets time enough and at a less
rate of interest— say 100 years, more or less,
at 2 per cent. But railroads do no mint
ing. They do not turn out $20 pieces directly.
Services are performed for the public and in
compensation they receive money. When Mr.
Huntington says that ho will pay in 100 years
if he gets a chance he does not mean that in that
time he will convert his present property and
that of his late partners into cash and liquid
ate. Nothing is. perhaps, further from his
mind. He will hang on to all he lias got. He
simply means that he will assess the people of
States with whom he deals and make them pay.
The bottom question in the funding business
which is now the theme of -discussion Is
whether Mr. Huntington and his late partners
shall pay the $70,000,000 in question or be
given a chance to make the people of these
States, especially of California, do so.
[ But these people have paid this debt
i once already. The money contributed
by them was intercepted in its passage
to the treasury of the United States by Mr.
Huntington and his partners and converted to
their own use. It is more than a mere coinci
dence that their united fortunes, at the lowest
calculation,. almost equal in amount the sum
i due the Government. Paying Mr. Hunting
ton's debts once Is bad enough, but to be
called upon to do it twice is more than flesh
and blood can stand. In producing these re-
I sults a paradox has been worked out which is
the most interesting that ever puzzled the
public. It is the making of colossal fortunes
I out of an enterprise which is confessedly
| bankrupt. But the processes were simple
\ enough when they came to be understood.
When you can contract with yourself, be seller
and buyer at one and the same time, make
the law and interpret it to suit yourself, almost
any result can be produced.
It will thus be seen that this proposed fund
ing bill has an enormous significance for us.
It means the shifting to California of at least
fifty millions of the debt due the Government
by the whole-souled Huntington and his dead
associates, leaving the remainder to be wrung
out of Nevada and Utah. Three generations
of us will be loaded down with this enormous
obligation. If we should attempt in any way
to lessen the burden Mr. Huntington will rush
to the courts to make them declare that no
matter what happens he must have rates suffi
cient to meet his bonded indebtedness and his
running expenses. Fifty millions is a good
round sum. It any one should go before the
people to induce them to saddle themselves
with this burden for the benefit of a small
clique of railroad operators he would be voted
insane. But Mr. Huntington proposes to do
without asking their leave. Considering the
bad faith which he and his dead asso
ciates have already shown, it would be
a stretch of unwarranted benevolence to
give him time to convert the property
he has to meet the Government demands.
But instead of that to give him and his assigns
a hundred or any other number of years to
tax the people of this coast is simply prepos
terous. It is almost unthinkable to suppose
that he should have the audacity to attempt
it. If the money he obtained to build the Cen
tral Pacific was borrowed from private capital
ists he would have been closed out when the
first default was made. in interest. But he
has curious creditors to deal with. The
creditors are only the representatives of the
people. They have no money of their own to
.end to any one. Mr. Huntington has often,
therefore, ready listeners. He has admitted
on his testimony before the Pattison com
mission that he pays peoole to "ex
plain" his case, whether they be members
of Congress or not. His agent at Wash
ington, on a former occasion he ad
mitted, nad, a salary from him of
$20,000 a year and $50,000 for contingencies,
Dick Franchet, a former member of Congress,
held the office on the occasion of the Goat
Island grab. He kept open house for members
of Congress, in which wine flowed as rivulets.
The legislators who could only be approached
by their stomach held high carnival there.
And when all fails recourse is had to the
Federal judiciary, which in these days has be
come the retnge of distressed corporations.
At a pinch it can now condemn a man first and
try him afterward. It seems to be taking up a
position between the oppressed people and the
new feudalism. Jefferson once called it the
thief of jurisdiction, and time seems to be
verifying the correctness of the. horoscope
which he cast. _ M. G. Upton.
Berkeley, January 22, 189 G. -4-.-
KING COLLIS.
Lo ! I'm the king of the great S. P.
With golden scepter 1 hold my sway {
I've subjects over the land and sea,
And I'd ilke to add to my slave array.
My steps of power I don't discuss;
. About my methods I'd better be still;
The people would kick Dp a frightful muss
, If (hey knew the drugs In my railroad pill.
I once on a time ruled courts of law:
• My checks had once a political weight;
I've pulled the string that worked the jaw
Of orators sleek in tho halls of state.
O, Justice thinks she has got me now:
But I've fooled her many a time before;
The struggle is bitter, I freely avow.
And keeps me thinking a big sight more.
.Twould break me flat if I paid the debt
I owe the people, but that's all right!
Let tne bill run on for a century yet;
As a financier lam out of sight. .
For I am the king of the g**at S. P.
The question of justice is not for me;—
So long as 1 set what I want, by "■•'■"'.
Why sink thereat to the floor of the sea!
D. 8.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Opera-goers during the Tavary season will
probably receive a surprise in Thea Dorre's
Mignon. This gifted young woman only added
the part of Goethe's heroine to her repertory a
few months ago, but she has already made it
as much her own as she had previously made
Carmen. In fact, Dorre owns Mignon more
than she can ever own. Carmen, for she has
been the first diva to play the title role of
Ambroise Thomas' opera along realistic lines.
When a prima donna plays Carmen with end
of-the-century naturalism people who do not
think for themselves and cannot realize that
any one else is capable of doing so murmur
the sentence, "She's imitating Calve." Dorre
does not follow Calves lines any more than
Frandin does. She had thought out her con
ception of Carmen six years ago, when she was
a student in Milan, but in Carmen it is difficult
to eret the credit of entire originality, on ac
count of the way in which Calve has over
shadowed the part.
With Mignon, however, it is different. Chris
tine Nllsson, Pauline Lucca, and other great
Mignons whom critics can hark back to played
the part on the good old conventional lines of
prima donnas who were expected only to
sing and look pretty. In the first act, for In
stance, they came on in flawless garments, in
stead of rags. They were shoeless, but wore
spotless white hose, which did not pretend to
delude the audience into the belief that
Mignon was barefooted. Dorre, however, has
cast aside all these traditions. She wears rags
and tatters during the opening scenes, and
also plays Mignon a la Trilby, with a good ex
panse of bare foot showing. Her interpreta
tion, to judge from Eastern criticisms, is won
derfully realistic and original. The following
from the Cleveland Leader is selected from a
stack of equally favorable comments:
"Thea Dorre's work was splendid, and
served to show her artistic accomplishments
well. From the almost malignant witchery of
Carmen to the softly sympathetic girl of
Goethe's imagination is a step which only a
great actress could take, but the. seemingly
limitless resourcess of Thea Dorre made it pos
sible for her to accomplish the task."
The Viennese are preparing to celebrate the
centennial of Franz Schubert's birth, which is
near at hand. The municipal council has ae
cided to organize, in honor of the great com
poser, an exposition at the historical museum,
which will include portraits of Schubert and
autographical scores, as well as other objects
attaching, to his too short existence. The
Viennese collectors have all promised to lend
their souvenirs of Schubert. The singing so
cieties, Mannergesang-verein and Schubert
bund are organizing musical fetes. At the Im
perial opera it is almost certain that Schubert's
opera-comique, "Der Hausliche Kreig" (the
Ladies* Crusade), will be performed. The
work tells, in a harmonious manner, about a
strike among the wives of crusading knights.
Several amateurs intend to have a medal
struck bearing an effigy of Schubert, to com
memorate his centenary.
An entirely new way of procuring a
famous prima donna has been started
by the management of the Imperial Opera
house at Buda - Pesth. This is to ad
vertise in the columns of a daily paper,
among the "Wants." Between an advertise
ment for a plain cook and one for a coachman,
one reads in La Bilancia, a Fiume newspaper,
the following: "The management of the Buda-
Pesth Opera-house wants a dramatic prima
donna for leading roles. The budget of this
great theater devotes the sum of 16,000 florins
for the position." The amount is not to be dis-
MME. THEA DORRE, IN HER NEW ROLE OF MIGNON.
dained, and no doubt by this time the manage
ment has been suited with a prima donna.
They must be going ahead In an advertising
way over in Austria, for even irf America the
Metropolitan Opera-house, Walter Damrosch,
etc., do not yet find their divas through the
"Want" columns of the daily newspapers.
Italy is literally deluged just now with new
operettas, and it is said that the number of
those which have not been produced is legion.
At the Quirino Theater in Rome "Eve," by
Mascotti, has just won somo success, and at'
the Politeama at Naples "The Hunt of the
Shoe," by G. Bossa, has proved a fiasco. In
Palermo "Frine," by Gustavo Tofani. has been
produced; Florence has just heard the first
performance of "The Temptation of St. An
tony," by Orefice, and to judge from the fiasco
it is said to have made no other city is likely
to hear it in a hurry. At the Communal Thea
ter at Lodi "Toi-Ko," an operetta based on a
Chinese subject, has won a most brilliant
success. '/r/-/y//7-4'7A/' • .
Sir Charles Halle, who died recently, has
left an autobiography which unforiunately
ends with 1306. The years that the artist
passed in Paris are treated very minutely, and
the biography contains interesting details re
specting Berlioz, Alfred de Musset and Rich
ard Wagner, all of whom were Halle's asso
ciates in Paris. The biography is soou to be
published in London.
Italian architects and sculptors were recently
invited to send in designs for a monument to
Donizetti, to be erected at Bergamo. Over sixty
models have been sent in, some of them being
of great beauty. Before deciding the competi
tion the judges have placed the whole collec
tion on exhibition at Bergamo.
"Tokay Wine," a new opera in one act, has
been accepted at the Opera in Vienna. The
music is by Raoul Mader, who has been ap
pointed Nikisch's successor at 1 Buda-Pesth. It
is probable that he will pour out his "Tokay
Wine" in the Hungarian capital before Vienna
gets it. ....
A new Chilean composer has appeared at
Santiago, whose work is said to be very remark
able. His name is Ortiz de Zarate, and the
opera he has just produced is called "Floraia
di Ligano." ".•**•
Joseph Hoffman, who eight years ago was a
famous "child" pianist, is beginning, accord
ing to the Russian press, to loom up as a rival
to Paderewskl.
A new operetta, "Figaro at Court," has just
obtained a startling success at the Municipal
Theater of Presburg. The music is by Muller-
Norden. ■ 7' 7 ■ - '■ ' ■ '
PERSONAL.
,Dr. F.Miiler of Carlsbad is at the Palace.
Dr. J. F. Stephens of Petaluma is in the city.
Viking Breidenbach of St. Louis is at the
Grand.
Thomas Y. Gendine of Washington, D. C, is
at the Occidental.
Dr. R. E. Dixon of Lemoore is among the ar
rivals at the Grand. [^>?'7--'«'"i /-{/',
XV. H. H. Stonell, a wealthy foundrymin of
Duluth, is in the City. yy' y\</ :
J. Maddox, an attorney of Modesto, was
among the arrivals here last night.
Ex-Governor L. A. Sheldon of New Mexico,
who now resides at Pasadena, is in the City.
L. F. Garnson, president of the Redondo
Beach Improvement Company, is at the Cali
fornia. ;->' ; i? z -- ! pyp*<*'- % -':* ■- '■■;
Hon. Frank H. Gould of Stockton, chairman
of the Democratic State Central Committee,
arrived here last night.
Professor Loisette of New York, who haa
been in the Occident for some time, Is among
the arrivals by the Coptic * :r /■' 4-
Professor G. R. Agassiz of Boston, a relative
of the late Professor Louis Agassiz, the dis
tinguished scientist, is in the City.
George B. Swayne of New York, one of the
buyers for Sloan & Co., has returned from
China and Japan, find is at the Palace.
Among the arrivals from Alaska yesterday
were William A. Bolar, W. H. McNear, H. XV.
Wallace, E. Armstrong and H. E. Hoggalt.
they are at' the Baldwin. .;.,. i. :■• .K.._. p.
James F. Wardner, formerly owner of some
of the biggest mines in the . Coeur d'Alene
country, who lately, has been fanning at Ken
nedy, Nev., is at the Lick.
Otto Mears of Denver, formerly agent of tha
Ouray Indians, most of whom were of the Ute
tribe, and who has since been identified with
railroad building in the San Juan country,
Colorado, is at the Palace.
J. J. Badenach, the Chief of Police of Chi
cago, is at the Palace, accompanied by his
wife. It is said that he is here on a pleasure
trip and may remain several weeks, visiting
different parts of the State.
M. D. Calkins, editor of the Amador Record,
one of the best known editors of the interior,
is stopping at the Occidental Hotel. He re
ports the mining industry of Amador to be
flourishing and predicts great development in
the near future.
Alex Hill and Reginald Truman, who
are connected with the English company
which recently purchased the Iron Mountain
mine, Shasta County, are at the Palace. It is
stated that there are now 1900 men at work
there. A town has been laid out, called Kes
wick, roads are being bull J and extensive im
provements of different kinds are under way.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 22.— J. Brander
is at the Grand; W. C. Lipman, Westminster;
B. D. Holmden, Astor; A. Stern and wife,
Holland; Mrs. G. M. Whitney, Warwick; J. F.
Wilson, St. James; and J. J). Forrest, St. Cloud.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Sir Augustus Hemming, the new Governor of
British Guiana, though 54 years old, Is an
active cricketer.
Professor B. L. Gildersleeve of the Johns
. . . . .-
Hopkins University has been elected sn hon
orary member of the Archaeological Society of
Athens. yy/A
The first woman newspaper writer to get
into the press gallery in Congress is said to be
Isabel Worrall Ball of the Topeka Capital.
And her name is printed "I. W. Ball" on tne
lists. ;;>•
Munir Bey, the new Turkish Embassador to
France, is one of the youngest men in Europe
to have so high a place in diplomacy. He is
barely '66, but he enjoys the Sultan's confi
dence.
Mixed and broken candies, 10c lb, Townsend's."
Special information daily to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
England's Creed.
Fresno Expositor.
England's greed is England's creed.
Take Hoods Sarsaparilla • to care all troubles
arising or promoted by Impure blood, to make your
nerves strong, to restore appetite and Insure good
health to the whole system. Take only Hood's.
This most cflicaclous stimulant to excite the
appetite are Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counterfeits.
"Brown's Khonchial Tbochxs *• are on-
alert for clearing the voice. Public speakers
and singers the world over use them.
To reditk your « fight, use Vrettos* Belt.
NEW TO-DAT.
f|S%\SS_Sgl£^i^-
,/« Thursday, Jan. 23d. To-day only.
m White Muslin Sheets, at
[J present cost of material,
Uj 81x90, 50c: Unbleached
m 40c Made while you wait.
MJ Complete lists at your command,
•Vt Largest Department store.
y Smiths' cash Store,
i """-i 414, 416, 418 FRONT ST., S. F.Wit ,_„. tMI
THURSDAY JANUARY 23. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Thkatkr— In Old Kentucky."
Colombia Thkatkr— "The Ensign."
Mokosco's Opkra-Holsk— ' A Man Without a
Country."
Tiv,,i ! Opbba-Housk.— -liion: or. The Man of
llie Wheel."
Orphkcm.— High-Class YaudevilK*.
i vii.-. AICA7AR.— "Wolves of New York."
Slkchanhs' FAViLioN-Bicycle Tournament,
commencing March 5.
UK©? thi: Chvtks- Dally at Height street
«i * lock rust of the Parte.
Hay District Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
KaiiiwinA Hammond.— This day (Thursday),
Ileal Estate, at 3 o Montgomery st.
By K. S. Bpkab A Co.— To-morrow (Friday),
Cloaks. Capos anil Jackets, at 31 and 33 Sutter
street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
John P. Wilson, the librettist of the Tivoll,
has been dismissed.
The downtown poolroom men will start in
doing business this morning.
"Showers" are predicted lor to-day by Local
Forecast Official A. McAdie.
Concert Valley in the Golden Gate Park is
undergoing a changed scene.
Granite stone cutters have adopted a new
scale of prices for their labor.
Red Men's Hall is to be adorned with a
heroic bust in bronze of Adam Smith. '
The police have not succeeded, in arresting
the mutilator! of the horse on Jessie street.
John 11. Crowley, a native son, 30 years of
age, was last night sworn in as a policeman.
The Woman's Republican State Central Club
met last night and elected officers for the year.
The annual meeting and installation of offi
cers oi the Mercantile Library will be held this
evening.
An eight-lap bicycle track will be built in
the Mechanics' Pavilion and a tournament
held from March 5 to 1 1.
The widening of Lombard street for boule
vard purposes will be discussed before the
Supervisors this morning.
The winners at Ingieside yesterday were:
Tat Murphy, Clara Wilson, Cadmus, Strath
meath, Alvarado and Olive.
A successful concert was given by the Grace
Church choir last night, in the association au
ditorium, for the choir fund.
Decent discoveries have brought the short
age of Paying Teller Witt. and of the Gran
gers' Bank up to about $13,000.
Eugene V. Debs, National; president of the
A. K. L*., is now in Texas, but he is likely to
bob up in California at any time.
An electric-car on the Ingieside division of
\tl.e Mission line ran away last night and sev
eral passengers were injured by jumping off.
F. V. Debs' private secretary writes to the
local A. K. U. men that their National presi
dent has no intention of abandoning organized
labor.
A voluminous bill of exceptions has been
led by the attorneys for Durrani, and a stay
of proceedings until February 11 has been
granted.
President Cleveland Is expected here next
summer, when he will enjoy the salmon fish
ing that is so abundant in this State and along
the coast.
Four boys named Ed Shea, Frank Kane,
George Sullivan and Frank Martin, respec
tively, have been arrested on suspicion of be
ing burglars.
The sad predicament in which are the Amer
icans imprisoned in the Transvaal is told in a
cablegram smuggled over the frontier and
sent to iriends in this City, it is reproduced
iv The Call.
Suit has been commenced to have forfeited
the unused franchises belonging to the Mar
ket-street Railway Company, and granted De
cember 9, 1890.
Owing to the injunction proceedings in tne
L'nited States Circuit Court no business was
trasacted at the meeting of the Railroad Com
mission yesterday.
There is a movement on foot to have the
Stale and branch granges and similar bodies of
producers hold a convention in support of the
public market project.
A committee from the Federation of Women
visited the Receiving Hospital yesterday t and
made a thorough investigation as to its inter
nal condition and needs.
Phillip Katz. another of the nefarious North
Beach uang. came before Judge Wallace lor
trial yesterday. A jury was secured and pre
liminary testimony was taken.
Judge Seaweil has decided that the directors
oT the California and Virginia Consolidated
Mining Company, whom Theodore Fox sought
to dislodge, may remain in office.
Joseph Cantor, a jeweler on Powell street,
has made a complaint because Miss Stebbins.
principal of the Le Conte Primary School,
whipped his son for playing truant.
It has been decided to fly the homing pigeons
from Marysville on Saturday morning and to
have an interval of twenty minutes in the time
when each man's entries are released.
The advertising department of the Southern
Pacific Company has been moved from the
building at the corner of Market ana Mont
gomery streets to Fourth ana Townsend.
H. Skirm and Phillip AVaitz, photograph
■gents, who insulted two ladies on Sixteenth
street on Monday, were yesterday sentenced to
ninety days each in the County Jail by Judge
Conlan.
J.J. Sullivan, a salesman for D. X. and E.
Walter & Co., was arrested yesterday for send
ing threatening letters to Miss Minnie Grun
dell of 1512 Pacific avenue, a witness in his
Avlfe's suit.
General Passenger Agent Goodman has on
exhibition one of the novel boxes ot oranges
presented by the residents of Pomona to each
visitor on a recent excursion to that city from
Los Angeles.
The grandchildren of Cnarles Shrakkart, the
pickle manufacturer, have sued him for $1000
which was left them by their grandmother
while on her deathbed, but which he refuses
to turn over.
V. E. Dunton, a visitor from Napa, was
robbed on Grant avenue yesterday by Mamie
Barnum, alias Ethel Brandon, a notorious
thief, who was arrested and charged with
grand larceny.
Attorneys for San Miguel rancho property
say they believe that Judge Norton's decree of
1800, found by The CALL in the County Clerk's
oflice, bars the ' lot heirs from claiming title to
the rancho lands.
The District Council of Carpenters and
Joiners has received $100 from the National
secretary at Philadelphia to be used in organ
izing new unions in the principal cities and
towns in this State.
A license to transact a savings bank business
has been issued by the Bank Commissioners to
the Oakland Savings and Investment Company,
which has a capital of $100,000. J. C. Mc-
M'-illln is the president.
One of the three Chinese women imported
by Wong Sam in violation of law confessed
yesterday that she had been born in China,
and was not a native of Alameda, as repre
sented in her certificate.
The present Election Commissioners were
knocked out by a decision of the Supreme
Court yesterday. It was ruled that the law
under which the new commission was ap
pointed is unconstitutional.
The recommendation of the chief of the Life-
Baying Service to Congress to establish and
maintain a lifeboat station and patrol at Point
Bonita has received favorable action in Con
gress and a site has been selected for the new
station.
Peter Murray, a sailor, after being clubbed
and wounded at the Sailors' Home on Tuesday
night, ■.'.)!- yesterday held by Judge Low to
answer before the Superior Court for assault to
murder, because to defend himself he threw a
piece of crockery at a special officer.
Septimus de '.reaver has applied for letters of
administration over the estate of his sister-in
law, Blanche de G reaver. She left an estate \
valued at $5000. The testatrix was the wife j
it Harry de Greayer, who was phot by one of i
the park police. Her only heir is a son in I
England. ,
I' John E. Murphy, an asphaltum-roofer living
at 700 a Shotwell. street, was working on the
roof of a house on Foisom street, between Third
and Fourth, yesterday afernoon, when he fell
a distance of twenty-five <eet, fracturing his
ribs and sustaining possible internal injuries.
He was taken to the receiving Hospital.
The National Guard of California was shaken
up yesterday when information leaked out
that the War Department has been inquiring
about the strength and condition of the force
lor held service. The adjutant-general sent
word to Washington that California would be
able to s»nd about twenty companies or 2000
men into the field.
Samuel B. Thompson, charged with a crimi
nal assault upon a little girl, was before Judge
fcanderson yesterday to be examined. us to his
Fanny. Judge Sanderson, upon bearing that
insanity was to be his defense to the felony
charge, refused to pass upon the case and
would only act to the extent of securing for
the prisoner an immediate trial. He took the
matter under advisement.
THREE LIVES SACRIFICED.
Mate Johnson and Two Men of
the Golden Shore Drowned
at Sea.
ANOTHER MARINE DISASTER.
The Men Were Lost While Attempt
ing to Rescue the Chief
Officer.
Of the many disaster? reported durine
the recent gales, that of the four-masted
schooner Golden Shore is the worst. The
vessel weathered the southeaster, and
The Four - Masted Schooner Golden Shore, Which Had to Put Into Port on Account of Losing the Chief
Officer and two of the Crew During the Recent Southeaster.
I when everything seemed to be all right
and nothing but plain sailing ahead the
chief officer was washed overboard, and in
an attempt to rescue him two of the crew
were drowned.
The second mate was not a navigator,
but nevertheless he was a thorough sea
man, and that was more than could be
said of the four men who formed the rest
of the crew. They were green hands put
| aboard at Port Townsend, and the only
I other men aboard were two Japanese.
; Had it not been for these men — one the
steward and the other the cook— the
' chances are the Golden Shore would never
have been heard from again. While the
'•seamen" could not do anything to help,
the cook and steward took their trick at
the wheel and also did their work in the
galley. - 77/ , '."-
The Golden Shore left Port Blakeley
twenty-nine cays ago. bound for Australia.
A storm was raging at the time and she
put into Clallam Bay for shelter. After a
j wait of over a week Captain Henderson
I squared his sails and made another start
for Melbourne. Off Cape Flattery some
heavy weather was encountered, but all
; went well until the Bth inst., when a heavy
, head sea was "being bucked into." The
j weather looked threatening and tho order
( to shorten sail was given. As the majority
, of the crew knew nothing at all about
' working a ship the mate went forward to
show them what to do and at the same
lime help out.
It was Magnus Johnson, one of the best
; known shipmasters in California. For
i years he ran on the sugar-boats to Hawaii
! and for a long time was captain of the
Aloha. Latterly there has been very little
doing in the island trade, and sooner than
remain idle ashore he took a position as
first mate on the Golden Shore. He was
born on one of the Shetland Islands, was
about 50 years of age and a thorough navi
gator. He used to live at 335 Tenth street,
and his only relatives are a sister-in-law
and two nieces. : »: _
The fatality seems a simple matter when
told in cold print, but to the captain and
men left aboard the big schooner it mr ant
a question of life and death. A reef was
being taken in the spanker and Johnson
was laying down the law to the "ereen
hands that a reef point was not made to
haul on, but to tie up the sail. At the
lime he had one of the reef points in his
hand, and just at the moment the Golden
Shore and just at the moment the Golden
ire gave a heavy roll and Johnson fell.
He held on to the rope, but a heavy sea
that broke aboard carried him away. "
The second mate saw the accident and
he yelled "Man overboard." Captain
Henderson ran to the wheel and, putting
the vessel up in the wind, ordered a boat
lowered. Robert Pierson, aged 23 years.
a native of the Jersey Islands, and James
Conway, aged 28 years, a native of Boston,
were the only two men in the crew that
knew anything about handling a boat,
and they "were ordered to man her. Before
they could get away a sea came along,
tore the boat out of the davits and neither
boat nor men were ever seen again. Since
that time the captain, second mate and
Japanese steward and cook have worked
the vessel into port. The other four mem
bers of the crew were practically useless,
as they were afraid to go aloft.
"It was the most disastrous voyage I
have ever attempted," said Captain Hen
derson yesterday when the Golden Shore
had come to an anchor off Meiggs wharf.
"How Johnson came to be washed away is
a mystery to me. He was a thorough sea
man and one of the best all-around fellows
I ever met. Some of our crew were green
hands and he was careful to explain to
them that the reef points were not to be
hauled on, but to tie up the sail. 1 guess
he was illustrating his story, because he
had a reef point in his hand when he was
washed away.
"I saw him plainly in the water and
strange to say he did not appear to be
swimming, but lay face downward in the
water. I ordered a boat lowered and run
ning aft took the painter of the gig and
made it fast to the rail. With the painter
fast the boat would have been held fore
and aft, but either Pieison or Conwav let
it go and when it was near the water a
■nave caught it broadside on and not only
swept it away but pulled the davits out of
the schooner and carried away part of the
rail. -y...'p
"The boat turned over and over several
times, and finally davits, boat and men
went out of sight. When we had time to
look around again Mate Johnson was also
gone." ■
From that time until the Golden Shore
reached San Francisco Captain Henderson
has been on watch. Whenever sail had to
be made the wheel was left in charge of
one of the "green hands," and the cap
tain and second mate went aloft to furl or
maKe sail or do any other necessary work.
When the vessel reached port yesterday
the master looked, as though he had not
been asleep for v month. His face was
inflamed by the wind and sea,, and his
eyes looked like two holes burned. in ; a
blanket. He is not daunted, however, and
after a new crew has been put aboard the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
Golden Shore will sail again for Mel
bourne, Australia. , .»'. -
WAS NOT NATIVE BORN.
Wong Sins Hong, Who Was Illegally
Imported by Wong Sain, Denies
That She Was Born In Alameda.
One of "Wong Sam's imported Chinese
women confessed to Assistant United
States District Attorney Bert Schlessinger
yesterday that she had been unlawfully
brought to this country and landed. Her
name was Wong Sin Hong, and for her it
had been represented that she was a na
tive daughter and born in Alameda.
Wong Sam had made out her certificate.
Altogether he imported three $10"0 slaves,
not by the Atlanta Fair scheme, however.
The other two women were Chung Sun
Kwai and Jew Ah Fung. The Call pub
lished an affidavit from Jew Ah Fung
some time ago in which she said she had
been sold by her mother in Hongkong to
a woman and that she had been consigned
to SanjFrancisco.
Through Wong Sam's efforts two men
were also illegally landed. . They were Om
Lung and Jew Ah Tie.
Wong Sin Hong will now be deported, as
her confession of yesterday has become
matter of court record. She made a simi
lar statement some time ago to Chinese
Inspector Richard Williams.
THEY MAY VOTE BY PROXY
Fox Has Lost His Suit Against
the California Mining
Company.
Rights of Stockholders by Proxy De
fined in an Opinion by Judge
Seaweil.
Judge Seaweil has decided the case of
Theodore Fox vs. the directors of the
Consolidated California and Virginia Min
ing Company in favor of the defendant
directors.
The suit was to set aside an election held
on October 21, 1895, at which the de
fendants were elected. At the election, of
the 216,000 shares of stock of the company
130,355 were voted, and of these last-named
shares 129,323 were voted by Fish, one of
the directors, who held most of them by
proxy.
The stock voted by Fish stood in the
names of various people as trustees.
Neither the books of the corporation nor
the certificates of stock disclosed the
names of the persons for whom the stock
was held in trust.
It was claimed that all the stock stand
ing in the name of a trustee was illegally
voted and that the persons named as
trustees in the certificates were not legally
stockholders. '
Under the act of April 23, 1880, it was
provided that "all stock in each and every
mining corporation in this State shall stand
on the books of said company in all
cases in the names of the real owners of
such slock or in the names of the trustees
of such real owners, but in every case
where such stock shall stand in the name
of a trustee the party for whom he holds
shall be designated upon said books and
also in the body of the certificate of such
stock." •.;-:
This section, the court holds, is in con-
I flict with section 25, article 4, of the consti
tution,which provides the Legislature shall
not pass special laws in any case where a
general law can be made applicable. There
is no reason, the court held, why a law
requiring the name of the beneficial owner
of the stock of a mining corporation to
appear on the books or in the certificate
which would not equally apply to any cor
poration for profit.
There was no evidence that the stock
issued to the trustees-was issued without
the owners' consent, and therefore the
court held that their consent must be
inferred. The stock was therefore legally
issued, and the mere fact that the trustee's
had no real ownership in the stock other
than as holders of the legal title does not
impair their right to vote the stock so long
as the beneficial owners make no objec
tion. By permitting the stock to remain
in the hands of the trustees the owner
tacitly consented to allow it to be voted at
all elections. Whether the stock should
be voted by the person in whose name the
stock stands or by the holder of the certifi
cate, so long as the latter does not object,
is a matter between them alone, with*
which a stranger has no concern.
Judgment was entered confirming the
election of the individual defendants as
directors of the corporation named.
RETIRED ON PENSIONS.'
:-. : ■ ■ :P::y=.:4:
Five Schoolteachers Granted Annuities
Under the Act of the Legislature.
Mayor Sutro, Superintendent of Schools
Babcock and Treasurer Widber met yes
terday to consider the applications
of Miss Letitia : Pyder, Mrs. H. A.
St. John, Mrs. Laura D. Hopkins, Mrs.
M. J. Cline and Mrs. M. H. Currier, school
teachers who desire to be retired under the
act of the Legislature creating a teachers'
pension fund and permitting teachers to
give up their labors on an annuity. The
applications were granted, and pensions
were ordered for all, Mrs. Hopkins to re
ceive $45 per month and the rest $50.
Hermann Loses His Suit.
First Mate Charles Hermann of the Katie
Davenport, who sued the Port Blakeley Mill
Company for $10,000 damages before United
States District Judge Morrow to compensate
him for a broken leg, has lost his suit. . He was
helping to load his vessel., with lumber at the
time of the accident at Port Blakeley, and the
circumstance against him was that the com
pany was able to prove that the injury to Her
mann was caused by a fellow-emplovo'B care
lessness, and that the company was not respon
sible for the fellow-servant'a wrong act.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Narrow Escape of the Tug Mon
arch on the Bar Last
Tuesday Night.
■■■ . -
RUNAWAY THIEVES WANTED.
The Schponers Orient and Gotama
in Collision and Badly
Damaged.
The tugboat Monarch, owned by the
Shipowners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company, had a very narrow escape on the
bar last Tuesday night. She was passing
in when a giant comber came along and
swept her from stem to stern. Her side
lights were washed away and all her haw-
I sers went over with the receding waters.
j The wave even washed into the pilot-house,
but Captain Dan Thompson succeeded in
keeping the vessel on her course and
managed to dodge the next sea that came
along. The Monarch passed up the bay
under a slow bell, as the captain did not
care to make speed when he had no lights
out. Superintendent Gray of the Towboat
; Company said that outside of the loss of
! her hawsers and sidelights the Monarch
j had sustained no damage. Yesterday
afternoon she was sent out and picked up
the anchor of the Occident, which that
vessel lost off Meiggs wharf during the
recent storm. * . yyA-pAT/'/y:
The harbor police searched the steamer
Santa Rosa diligently yesterday for two
lads named Clem Lacombe and Charles
j Cleel. The youngsters told a pitiful tale
| to James Patterson of the Pacific Saw
Works at 17-19 Fremont street, and that
gentleman took them in. They said they
had come here from the East and were
starving, although they had again and
again "tried to get work. In return for
Patterson's kindness they stole jewelry
valued at $400 from his residence on Union
street, near Taylor, and disappeared.
They were traced to the Santa Rosa, out
although a diligent search of the vessel
was made no trace of them could be found.
I The police think the youngsters were two
j of an Eastern gang of crooks and expect to
; hear of them again in a few days. In the
i meantime Patterson is out his diamond
studs and gold watch and has lost his faith
j in destitute boys.
The steamer Walla Walla from Puget
Sound ports did not get in until 4a. m.
I yesterday. She encountered very heavy
head seas and southeasterly weather that
caused her delay, She brought down
eight prisoners who were sentenced to
various terms in San Quentin at Sitka,
and whose stories were fully told in the
telegraphic dispatches from Port Town
send.,* ■--*■-* 4 y-
Seal-hunters are in demand in Japanese
waters. By the last steamer Donald Ross
of Ross & Hewlett received a request- to
send over five good men. and he is now on
the lookout for them. They will probably
be sent over on the Coptic.
The British bark Sharpshooter, which
was sold last Tuesday for $2200, is to be
turned into a barkentine. She will be re
fitted by the J. F. Cunningham Company,
and when Captain Luttrell returns in the
Viking he will take her out on a trading
cruise to Samoa, Hawaii. and the Gilbert,
Solomon and Marquesas groups.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
appointed John Reed to be captain of State
dredger No. 1* Reed was formerly assis
tant engineer on State dredger No. 2, and
his place has been taken by N. H. Tod
man, the latter being succeeded as night
watchman by John Dennigan. .
The schooner Gotama, Captain Brissen
and the schooner Orient, Captain Mitchell)
both bound for Coos Bay, had a drifting
race out between the heads yesterday after
noon.
The sea was rolling heavily without a
breath of wind, but the vessels were mak
ing good speed on the outrunning tide
until they reached the nine-fathom buoy.
Then a big toppling wave threw them
together with a furious burnt). At the
first shock the Orient lost her bowsprit,
and had her headgear carried away. On
the next roll of the swell she returned the
blow by falling heavily against the port
side of the Gotama, crushing her bulwarks
and tearing her sails into ribbons.
The rigging was carried away and; the
upper works of the vessel badly damaged.
The schooners slogged each other at every
roll of the swell for several minutes, till
finally they drifted apart.
The tug Active came along and the cap
tain of the almost wrecked Gotama gladly
availed himself of a tow back to this City.
She was anchored off Powell street about
8 o'clock last evening.
Captain Mitchell of the Orient declined
assistance and set *to work repairing his
bowsprit and damage to his gear. He con
tinued on his way to Coos Bay.
The American ship Roanoke, 216 days
from New York, is outside the heads
and will come into the harbor this morn
ing. Her long voyage is due to having
put into a South American port for re
pairs of damages in a gale. She is a four
master, the largest. American ship
afloat and is a sister ship to the Shenan
doah and Susquehanna, all three being
built at Bath, Maine, by Seaweil & Co. A
fourth big ship built by this firm was lost.
The Roanoke is 311 feet in length, almost
50 feet beam and 29 feet deep. She is of
3400 tons burden.
The steamer Farallon arrived from
Yaquina Bay last night, beine over a day
late on account of rough weather. The
British ship Celtecburn arrived last night
from Newcastle, Australia.
The little schooner" Lila and Mattle,
which left this port for the north on' Jan
uary 17, went aground last evening at the
mouth of the Coquille River. No lives
were lost. The vessel may be floated.
FREE-MARKET CONVENTION.
A Proposition to Have the Granges Aid
the Local Movement.
At a recent meeting of the California
Fruit Exchange Edwards & Edwards were
appointed to confer with the special com
mittee of the Merchants' Association hav
ing in charge the matter of establishing a
public market. The exchange declared in
favor of such a market and promised to do
all in its power to help the thing along.
Yesterday Mr. Edwards called upon Sec
retary Freud, with whom he held a long
conversation. Mr. Edwards made a sug
gestion that may be favored and acted
upon. With a' public market in view, he
suggested that a convention be held under
the auspices of the Merchants' Association,
of the State Grange a.id branch granges,
the Fruit-growers' Association and kin
dred bodies, in fact, all producers who
would like to come in direct contact with
the consumers, and who are not satisfied
with their dealings with the middlemen.
He believed that the granges almost as
far south as Los Angeles would enter
heartily into a movement whereby their
members could be freed from the tax im
posed by the commission merchants. --> ;'••'
Mr. Edwards was told that he would
have to submit his proposition , to Mr.
Kohlberg, the chairman of the free-market
committee, who will present it to the as
sociation at the meeting to-night.
THE ACCOUNTS DIFFERED.
Why H. D. Luce Lost a Case in the
Justices' Court.
A peculiar state of affairs in the books of
the W. R. Larzelere Commission Company
was brought to light in Justice Cook's
court yesterday in the suit of H. D. Luce
against M. Callaghan and wife. The com
pany transferred a claim against the de
fendants to Luce, who brought suit for
$-.';.'" 35. The testimony brought out the
fact that three sets of books are kept by
the company. One of these showed that
the CaUaghan account was closed on June
8, 1892, while another showed that the date
of closing was October 13 of the same
year. . - i/T-'/iA.
Attorney 11. K. Asher, who appeared for
the defendants, pleaded the statute of
limitations, and threw so much doubt on
the correctness of the accounts that his
clients were given a verdict.
SENT THREATS BY MAIL
Arrest of Salesman J. J. Sul-
livan by Postal Inspector
Thrall.
The Person Addressed Was a Witness
in a Suit His Wife Had Brought
for Support.
One of the salesmen for D. X. and E.
Walter & Co., carpet dealers at 539 Market
street, J. J. ? Sullivan by name, was ar
rested by Postoffice Inspector Thrall yes
terday afternoon for sending a threaten
ing letter to Miss Minnie Grundeil of 1512
Pacific street.
Sullivan wss indicted on Tuesday after-
Miss F. E. Brown, Who Wears Bloomers When It Rains and Says They Are an
Improvement on Skirts.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
noon by the Federal Grand Jury, before
which body all the facts were placed. .' ...
It seems . that Miss Grundell was a wit
ness to the signing of an agreement be
tween Sullivan and his wife which had
been called into question recently in Judge
Hebbard's court in a suit she had brought
for the maintenance of herself and six
months old child. To his wife's complaint
Sullivan filed an answer stating that on
the day of their marriage she had entered
into an agreement by which his wife prom
ised to never ask him for any support, and
shortly, after he entered a. counter suit
asking for the annulment of the marriage.
Sullivan claims that the child is not his.
As to the agreement itself Mrs. Sullivan
has admitted that she made it. but she ex
plains that she had not read it and did
not know what it was, Sullivan having
misrepresented the contents to her. . : '■;■> ,
Miss Grundell's part in the matter was
simply that she made an affidavit as to
what had transpired between Sullivan and
his wife before the agreement was signed.
This affidavit Sullivan says did not state
facts and he wanted Miss Grund to
make another one in Attorney Deuprey's
office, but she refused. Then Sullivan
sent a threatening letter to her, telling her
he would make it hot. for her. He sent
her a postal-card on January 6, also threat
ening her. The postal-card read:
January 6. 1896.
Miss Minnie Grundell: Please keep your prom
ise and go to Mr. Deuprey s office at 405
Kearny street, immediately, and you will save
yourself a great deal of trouble.
I'm liable to get mad, Minnie, and I'll tell all
I know concerning you, etc., so take a fool's
advice and do as you , are asked, and simply
tell the truth. v
That is all I expect. ' -, -; pp.. y/4p;\
If you are not there by Saturday noon I'll
send the Sheriff's man after you to act as escort.
Respectfully, J. J. Sullivan. ■
Minnie was not scared, and the Sheriff's
man went in the other direction.
Entered by Burglars.
7 The barber-shop of j F. , Maurer, 114 Hayes
street, 'was. entered by burglars on , Sunday
night, who selected several articles and took
their departure. En trance .was;, effected .by
forcing open the door with a ."jimmy." This
is the third time within a few months that the
shop has been visited by burglars. The police
have been notified. ■ -.; ■-.- •.;.
NEW TO-DAT.
" Pu re and Sure."
BAKING PBWDER.
'* I use it in my kitchen and class work."
Emma P. EWING, Principal Chautauqua Cooking School.
-*t*___ri
BLOOMERS FOR COMFORT
Miss Brown Gives Some Excel
lent Reasons for Her Dress
Reform.
A BANGLE ON A FINGER-NAIL.
Earns Her Own Living and Says She
Is Not a New Woman and Would
Not Vote.
"I wear bloomers for comfort and clean
liness during bad wcathei. I am not a
new woman, and I would not vote if the
opportunity were presented. I have no re
forms to accomplish, and I am perfectly
satisfied witn my attire."
This is the pith of the causes Miss If. E.
Brown offers for wearing bloomers during
rainy weather. The young lady can be
seen almost any rainy day, when she has
business to transact, dressed in ths cos
tume which she believes will ultimately
be worn by her sex, and which she claims
is the logical way to dress at this season of
the year.
"I have been wearing bloomers for
nearly a year now," said Miss Brown in
an interview last night, "and the more I
use them the better satisfied I am with the
results. I have a great deal of walking to
do, and when the wee ther is wet and the
wind rampant I find that I am very com
fortably clothed. A little less than a year
ago I went into the business of selling
groceries for a wholesale house on Pine
street — Howard H. Hogan — and found
that it was necessary for me to be on the
move all the time I was working. During
the good weather my skirts are very com
fortable, and then I wear them, but
when it rains and the streets and pave
ments become sloppy and damp, I can see
no reason why women, as well as men,
should not take some measures to keep
dry. 7".7T'
"I cannot for the life of me understand
How women can travel around and sweep
up the mud with the edges of their skirts
without sooner or later doing something
to overcome such unpleasant results. It
is not only uncomfortable but very un
healthy for ladies to gather up the refuse
of the sidewalks with the hem of the
skirts, and just as long as 1 have my say
in the matter I will continue to wear
bloomers and high-topped boots. You
have no idea how little 1 care for people
who stare at me. I have quite got
over paying any attention to them. At
first I used to be annoyed by the foolish
little girls who sniggered and* tittered, but
I no longer regard them in any way. I
enter the cars when .it is necessary and
make myself as comfortable as anybody
there. ?}" -
"Sensible people pay no attention to me
and a great many ladies appear to under
stand that lam doing the right thing. I
believe a good many more women would
do likewise if they could only bury that
false modesty and understand that their
health and. comfort would be augmented
by such a course.; "4/A[
"Yes, as you have observed, I look
healthy and "am healthy.- I have gained
twenty pounds in the last few months and
never felt better in my life. I attribute it
all to the fact that I adopted what seemed
to suit me best and stuck to it. It is easier
to wtflk in bloomers* than in skirts and
there is a certain feeling of comfort that
none can understand who have not experi
enced it." .
Miss Brown certainly looked healthy in
every sense jof the word. Her color was
fresh and rosy, while her eyes sparkled
like Maud Mailer's must have done when
she finished raking that celebrated meadow
"sweet with hay.' Her manner of speech
was quiet and reserved, while an unaf
fected modesty marked her entire conver
sation. She talked of bloomers just as
though she had thought tne whole thing
out carefully and believed she was right.
''One hears a good deal about women
who v want certain . rights," she resumed,
"and I have no doubt they are entitled to
them, at least so far as they are personally
concerned.; A great many of them want
to take the place of men. yet they do noth
ing: to prove J their right to occupy any
of the walks followed by the opposite sex.
It is a good plan.when you want to do a
reasonable thing to do it quietly, if it can
be done honestly. In my -case I found
that it was necessary for me tc go out and
make my own living, so I entered im
mediately into the work of canvassing the
residences and selling groceries, as I have
told . you before. If I walked around in
bad weather with soggy and damp skirts I
would not last long i» any occupation, but
with my bloomers it is comfortable, in
vigorating and in every way satisfactory.
Mind you, I do not wear them all the time,
as a properly made aress is good for all
purposes when the weather permits, but
when it rains I take to my bloomers and
thank heaven I am permitted to enjoy
them." J J
Miss Brown as a little side fancy wears a
small gold bangle, consisting of the seal of
California, on the finger-nail of her right
hand. It is fastened to the end of the nail
by a small ring running through a hole in
the bangle, the nail being about an inch
long and nicely manicured. "I put it on
ray finger-nail when it was short and have
let it grow out to its present length. It is
merely a fancy of mine and enables me to
feel a little different from other people. I
suppose we all have whims and why not
I?" Miss Brown when dressed in her
chosen bad-weather attire presents a very
neat appearance. Her boots are laced in
front and reach to the Knee. The bloomers
hang almsot as full as a skirt and the
upper portion of the body is clothed in a
ladies' walking jacket with the latest
pattern puff sleeves. A soft felt hat set
jauntily on a wealth of blonde hair, taste
fully done up behind, completes the pic
ture, and a graceful. and refined carriage
adds to the lady's general appearance.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
%Axn*4&
&r ALCAZAR
COMPLETE AND OVERWHELMING
TRIUMPH OF .
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK!
ROOF-RAISING APPLAUSE !
VEST-SPLITTING MERRIMENT!
SOUL-SOFTENING SYMPATHY!
Night Prices— lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c«
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Monday— "A CANTING SCOUNDREL."
. rnICDLATIDLR.<.OTTLOD •_G__U»C3 aid rwttfiUJ • • •
COME BUT
THIS DON'T
WEEK FORGET
3xr_Es_s__:-x« .IVEOISriJ.A.TE'"
UNDID PRODUCTION OF
"MEN AND WOMEN"
. BY THE O-STI.'S'
FRAWLEY COMPANYI
To-niglit Asain
"THE ENSIGN!"
As It Never Was Played Before.
-THEATRE* »*-
JOYOUS RETURN
Filled IN I to-night
to OLD I *-*- a "-i Dee Sat'day
Overflowing! KENTUCKY!
The Pickaninny I The Glorious
BRASS RAND | HORSE RACE
Kir Seats Now on Sale for Second and
Last Week "In Old Kentucky."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
ÜBS. Eb_m_£__ti__tk Krkljnc. Proprietor as. Manages
EVERY EVENING-
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION!" "IXION!"
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES t
- NEW SPECIALTIES!
NEW LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE
A New American Opera la Three Acts.
Popular Prices— 2sc* and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production In San Francisco of James Has-
Kins' Great Melodrama, '
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY !"
A Story, of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
Evxuino Pricks— 2sc and 500.
Family Circle and Gallerv. 10&
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PotslL
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF— .
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY I
o — -KriEroir stars: — »
RACHEL WALKER,
Tho Creole Nightingale— the Musical sensation
.-..rr: . .of the City.
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT, Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera cnalr*
and Box seats, 60a ','•_';. v:> .
; GREAT SIX-DAY
BICYCLE TJRMTOT
8 LAP TRACK I
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
UNDER SANCTION OF THE
LEAGUE OF AMERICAN WHEELMEN,
MARCH 5 TO 11, 1896.
$3000 lIsTPRIZES !
For Entry Blanks and full par'iculars see or
address CHAS. a. WiKiDEL,
.-"' 1019 Mattel street, & P., Cal.
RACING! RACINGI RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday,' Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
,-- Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine. • :
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH BAY.
Races start at '2:00 p. M. sharp.
McAllister and Gearv street cars pass the gate.
R. B. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
■ Secretary. ■ ■ President.
NOW THAT THE SUN SHINES
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the: Trolley!
AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go-Round Ride;, 10c
78
JAILED AMERICANS
APPEAL FOR AID.
Californians in the Trans
vaal Are Relying
Upon Us.
HAMMOND'S SORRY FIX.
Private Messages for Assistance
Smuggled Over the
Frontier.
IMMEDIATE ACTION NEEDED.
The Pitiful Tale Told by Joseph Storey
Curtis, The Prominent Mining
Engineer.
It is only coming to light now how pre
carious is the position of the American
mining men imprisoned in South Africa.
Intermittently a word or two has reached
COPY OF A CABLEGRAM RECEIVED BY CITY AND COUNTY ATTORNEY HARRY T.
CRESWELL YESTERDAY.
their friends here telling of their arrest,
but the true inwardness of their circum
stances and hardships have not yet been
told.
The truth of the whole affair is that the
censorship of the press and telegraph ser
vice is as strict in the Transvaal as it is in
the domain of the Czar and the imprisoned
men, liKe their sympathizers still without
the dungeons, have been unable to let the
world know of their troubles.
Two cablegrams reached here yesterday
evening, however, sent to Harry T. Cres
well and Harry I. Thornton from New
castle, Natal, which by their contents and
their intimation would lead to the belief
that the situation of the imprisoned Amer
icans and their immediate prospects are
entitled to speedy consideration by the
Government of the United States.
Both cablegrams are from Joseph Storey
Curtis, who has been in South Africa as a
mining man for nearly five years. That
his absence from this country has caused
him to be "out of the world" is evinced
by the fact that one of his cablegrams is
addressed to Colonel H. I. Thornton, who
has been dead nearly a year. It reads:
Newcastle, Natal.
Colonel Thornton, San Francisco: I earnestly
beg you to use your influence to protect Ham
mond from the consequences of the mistake
which has been made by others in this unfor
tunate business. He is not guilty and has been
wrongfully confined' in jail for the last ten
days, and the Transvaal Government refuses to
admit him to bail. . , Curtis.
The other cablegram reads:
Newcastle, Natal.
Judge Creswell, San Francisco: Exert your In
fluence to help Hammond. He is confined
with sixty of us in the Pretoria jail. He has
been taken as one of the ringleaders, and un
less some radical measures are taken by our
Government he will be made to suffer for the
sins of others, for which he is in no way re
sponsible. ; Curtis."
Upon the receipt of these two messages
Mr. Creswell sent the following message:
San Francisco, Jan. 22, 1896.
Senator William M. Stewart, Washington, D. C:
A cable to me from Curtis, Johannesburg, Af
rica, says Hammond will suffer unless radical
measures are taken by our Government.
Please no all you can in the matter.
Harry T. Creswell.
In speaking on the subject of the mes
sages he had received, Mr. Creswell stated
that he believed the Americans who were
imprisoned were in a very serious predica
ment. •'■':■
"You see," he said, "the cablegrams
have had to be sent from beyond the
boundary line of the Transvaal. Natal is
not within Kruger's dominion, and we
may accredit to that the fact that we now
get Curtis' messages."
Two other cablegrams are now at the tel
egraph office awaking Attorney John
Garberand Michael Tarpey, showing that
in his endeavor to free himself and his
friends, Mr. Curtis is freely touching the
wire where he believes his most influential
friends may be reached.
Mr. Curtis, who has been heard from, is
Joseph Storey - Curtis, a son of George
Ticknor Curtis, ; who was mentioned by
Daniel .Webster as one of the men to write
up his life. His father was at one time a
Justice of the United States Supreme
Court and a great .law writer.
Joseph Storey Curtis is a grand-nephew
of Benjamin R. Curtis, and is also a
nephew, of W. W. Storey, the law writer,
poet and sculptor, who designed ■ the Key
monument now adorning Golden Gate
Park. '_
Killed on Defective Cars.
Mary Madigan issuing the Southern Pacific
Company for $25,000 damages for _ the death of
her son, Francis Madigan/ on February 16,
1894. He was riding upon a freight car, when ;
the place where he was lidding gave way, and ;
he was thrown to the ground and killed. Suit
was brought BTT-tehnas & Shortridge and the i
case came before Judge Hunt, for trial yes- \
terday. 4.-:p< r 7-4A 4 ■ ■
WHITLAND'S SHORTAGE.
Recent Discoveries Have Brought It
Up to About 3,000.
During the last two days additional
shortages, aggregating about $700, have
been discovered in the accounts of Whit
land. the defaulting teller of the Grangers-
Bank, making the total amount of his de
falcation to date about $13,000.'
These discrepancies are only ascertain
; able on the presentation by depositors of
their books, and as most have now pre
sented their claims to the bank it is be
lieved that very little will be added to the
shortage of Whitland hereafter. As Whit
land was under $10,000 bonds the actual
loss to the bank from this source will be
small.
FOUR BOY BURGLARS.
Arrest of a Gang Which Had Head-
quarters and Tools in a Kearny-
Street Lodging-House. .
Four boys suspected of being a gang of
young burglars are just now in the "tanks"
at the City Prison. The names they have
given are Ed Shea, Frank Kane, Frank
Martin and George Sullivan. The police
are of the opinion that they have been
mixed up with numerous instances of
housebreaking of late in the Latin quarter.
Sergeant Wolwebber and Policemen Mc-
Govern and Silver obtained information
some time ago in respect to a Pacific-street
robbery which caused them to think the
boys had something to do with it. They
were accordingly watched, and in a little
while it was discovered that they had
headquarters in a room of the Pacific
i House, which is a lodging-house on Kearny
street.
On Tuesday night the officers made a
raid on the place, and besides arresting
1 the young suspects they found a complete
equipment of burglars' tools, but no stolen
property.
None of the boys are over 16 years of age
and the youngest is not more than 12.
Whether the police will be able to prove
any more than their possession of the
burglars' kit of tools is at present prob
lematical.
FOUR YOUTHFUL FOOTPADS
Ernest Garriock, a Boy, Held
Up Twice Within the Past
Ten Days.
Two of the Young Deperadoes Are
Arrested and Charged With an
Assault to Rob.
Ernest Garriock, a boy about 13 years of
age, who lives with his mother, a widow,
at 1128 Valencia street, where she keeps a
laundry, has, according to a statement
made by him to the police, been twice the
victim of boy footpads within the past ten
days. ' . ' 0
A week ago Monday he was going home
when he was held up by four boys, and a
whistle was forcibly taken out of his
pocket and a 10-cent piece was overlooked.
The second hold-up was of a more thril
ling nature. On Saturday night about 7
o'clock he was walking along Twenty-sec
ond street, and, when between Mission
and Valencia, four boys, each about 15
years of age, ran out of a doorway. Two
of them grabbed him by the arms, one
caught hold of his legs and the fourth held
a knife at his throat, and, in blood-curd
ling tones, warned him not. to make the
slightest noise on pain of having his throat
cut. The boy footpad with the knife then
searched his pockets, but found nothing,
and the four vanished in the darkness.
Garriock complained to Captain Gillin
and Lieutenant Burke at the Seventeenth
street station, and gave a description of
the four boys, and said two of them were
Cyril Martin, -known as '"Babe" Martin,
and Ed Farnsworth, who live in the
vicinity of the robbery.; He did not know
the other two, but Policeman Feeney
thought he knew them, and he was in
structed to bring them in.
Yesterday morning Sergeant Moonev
took Garriock to Judge Conlan's court and
got him to swear to warrants for the arrest
of Martin and Farnsworth. "Martin" was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Sergeant
Mooney and . Policeman Feeney, and
booked at the Seventeenth-street station
on the charge of assault to rob, and Farns
worth was arrested last night by the sama
officers and booked on the same charge.
The brother of Cyril Martin was also ar
rested, but Garriock said he was not one of
the robbers, and he was released from cus
tody.
Greensweip Insolvent.
George Greensweig, the jeweler, lias been
forced into insolvency. In the petition of his
creditors the following are represented: The
Keystone Watch-case Company, $1162 12;
Joseph Kahey & Co., $522 54 ; Phelps & Miller,
$20 82; Charles J. Harris & Co., 35 cents; R.
"A. Vollerstein, 25 cents. Greensweig is the
jeweler who, was attached by various people a
few days ago tor several thousand dollars.
In Respect to A. Page Brown.
The Guild of Arts and Crafts Exhibition of
Painting will be closed this morning out of
respect to the .memory of the late A. Page
Brown, a member of the guild. The exhibition
will reopen at 2 p. m.
■' . — . . . . * •» — • — .
'-■ Captains in the English army get as
large a salary as colonels in tbat of France.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
STATE TROOPS FOR WAR.
The Government Sends for In
formation About the
Guardsmen.
TWENTY COMPANIES TO SPARE.
The Citizen Soldiers Stirred Up Over
an Ominous Letter From
Washington.
The officers of the National Guard
throughout the City were thrown into a
fever of excitement yesterday afternoon
when it leaked out that the War Depart
ment at Washington ha 3 been inquiring
about the strength and general condition
of California's State troops, and that the
military authorities are hustling about ar
ranging a general inspection of the service
immediately.
A day or two ago there came to the ad
jutant-general's office at Sacramento a
communication from the Secretary of War
asking for information about the National
Guard of California. The letter included
a number of inquiries pertinent to the
size, strength and efficiency of the forces.
Among other things the War Department
desired to know as nearly as could be esti
mated the number of National Guardsmen
that California might be able to furnish
I for the field in the event of war. The total
j number of men in the available force,
[ the regimental subdivisions, if any, and
the strength of such regiments, particu
j lar! v the strength of companies, character
! and condition of equipments and a host of
j other features of the soldierly make-up,
I were all enumerated and answers re
| qu ested.
The.ad jutant-general's department was
shaten up considerably in the inner pre
i cincts wtien the ominous message was
j opened. Governor Budd immediately in
■ formed the officials in charge of the Sacra
mento military office and ordered that
they get together at once and determine
the condition of the Guard as indicated
from the latest reports received from
brigade and regimental stations through
out the State. The available generals were
sent for and the State's council of war
went to work. Tnere was a good bit of
figuring done, because the War Depart
ment did not merely want to know how
many soldiers California has, but how
many the State could spare and still leave
an effective force for the protection of
things at home.
Dining the consultation the strictest
measures were taken that nothing should
leak out about the nature of the moment
i ous business. The War Department inti
mated in the communication that nothing
of the affair should be divulged. The de
partment wished to secure the information
without the knowledge of military men
excepting those in the very highest places,
and particularly was the matter to be kept
from the general public. Had it not hap
pened that the news came to this City
from an authoritative but unofficial source
yesterday it might yet have been a secret.
After considerable discussion the Gov
ernor and the few officers with him de
cided that twenty companies could ba
furnished to the National Government
immediately. In case, however, that the
troops were required within forty-eight
hours the commanding officers would re
quire an authorization to draw upon the
quartermaster's department at the Pre
sidio for haversacks and canteens.
As far as other equipments; tentage and
appurtenances necessary for field service
j are concerned, the State force is well
enough supplied. The adjutant-general
I estimated that this available force would
number about 2050 men, which means that
each of the twenty companies would have
a membership-roll of 100 names and also
have the full complement of officers. This
was the gist of the message wired to the
Secretary of War on Tuesday by Governor
Budd and Adjutant-General Barrett.
It only took a few hours yesterday for
the news to get around among the officers
in town. There were all sorts of rumors
abroad about the efficiency of the force, or
the lack of it, and speculation upon the
sort of wort to which the State troops
j would be assigned. While the mi
i quiry is known to be only one
of the large . number sent around the
I country, it has, nevertheless, stirred the
National Guard people to action already.
Captain Carrington, the inspector sent here
by the War Department to remain perma
nently with the National Guard of the
State, has already left on an extended tour
of inspection throughout the State. It is
declared in military circles tbat a number
of companies will be mustered out before
the inspection is concluded. It will be
the most rigid overhauling the service
ever experienced, and the first time in its
history that the entire work will have
been done by one inspector.
FIELD OFFICERS.
Orders Issued to Hold Elections in the
National Guard.
Under special orders from brigade head
--■■-■ ■ " -- ■ :. f . -
quarters elections have been ordered to be
held on the following dates: :
- Monday, January 27, for second lieutenant,
Company B, First Infantry, N. G. C, at their
armory, Major Murphy to preside. Friday,
January 81, lor lieutenant-colonel and majors
of First Regiment Infantry, at armory, corner
1 age and Gough streets, Major Dorn to preside.
Friday, January 31, for lieutenant-colonel and
majors, Fifth Regiment Infantry, at brigade
headquarters, Lieutenant-Colonel George F.
Hanson to preside.
: ■ -*• —^ — .
THE STATE DECORATIONS.
Award of Medals to the National
Guardsmen of California.
Three Classes.
General orders No. 1, just issued from
general headquarters, announce the award
of State decorations to members of the
? ion l Guard of California for the year
1885. .There are three classes, as follows:
1« irst class, scoring 90 per cent and over,
gold bar; seoond class, scoring 80 percent,
silver bar; third class, scoring 60 per cent,
bronze bar. The number of bars issued to
each organization is as follows: ;
FIRST CLASS.
■. First Brigade— Company G, Seventh Infan
try, l. r j >
Second Brigade— Brigade staff, 1;
Company B, First Infantry, 1; Company C,
1 irst ; Infantry, 2; Company' F, First Infantry,
** ; Company G, First Infantry, 1; Held and
staff, Second Artillery, 1; Company B, Third
infantry, 7; Company 1), Third Intantry, 1;
held and staff, Filth Infantry, 3; Company B,
Fifth Infantry, 1; Company C, Fifth Infantry,
-i; Company D, Fifth Infantry, 5; Troop A,
cavalry, 1. : . . _- .
Third Brigade— Field and staff, Second In
lantry, 4; Company E, Second Infantry, 3;
Company F, Second Infantry, 2; Company B,
Second Infantry. 7; Company A, Sixth in
fantry, l; Company A, Eighth Infantry, (5;
Company B, Eighth Infantry, 1 ; Company C,
Eighth Infantry, 13; Company I), Eighth In
fantry, 3; Company F, Eighth Infantry, 19;
Company G, Eighth Infantry, 3; Troop B, Cav
t The highest score (95) was made by Sergeant
J. E. "»\ omble, Company E, Second Infantry.
SECOND CLASS.
Division staff, l; Second Brigade staff, 4;
First Infantry, 42; Second Artillery, 28 ; Sec
ond Infantry, 54; Third Infantry, 37; Fiith
Infantry, 70; Sixth Infantry, '-Mi; Seventh In
fantry, 23; Eighth Infantry, 112; Ninth In
fantry, 17; Troop A, Cavalry, 4; Signal Corps,
First Brigade, G; Signal Corps, Second Brigade,
4; Signal Corps, Third Brigade, 3; Troop B,
Cavalry, 7; Naval Battalion, 6.
THIRD CLASS.
Staff commander-in-chief, 2; division staff,
-: Second Brigade staff, 2; First Infantry, 87
Second Artillery, 94; Second Infantry, 110;
Tnird Infantry, 92; Fifth Infantry, 175; Sixth
Infantry, 143; Seventh Infantry, 137; Eighth
Iniantry, 186; Ninth Infantry, 172; Troop A,
Cavalry, 7; Troon B. Cavalry, 10; Signal Corps,
First Brigade, 4; Signal Corps, Second Brigade,
8 : signal Corps, Third Brigaac, 5; Naval Bat
talion, 23.. - ,-
The number qualifying for the past four
years has been as follows:
.___ Ist Class. 2d Class. 3d Class.
}g£2 13 .154 796
*': 31 234 1013
1893 59 324 1150
1895 103 449 1275
This shows a marked increase for the
year 1895. '
MR. PAGE HOLDS A LEVEE
The Ex-District Attorney Is
Glad to Get Back Among
His Friends.
THE FBEEDOM OF THE PRISON.
Doubtless the Pull Will Be Exerted
to Save the Ex-Politician From
His Indictment.
Jimmy Page, the ex-District Attorney,
who returned Tuesday from his Eastern
tour, held quite a levee in the basement of
the City Hall yesterday. Many cf his old
friends were on hand to greet him. Among
them were many petty officials and al
most all of the old ward bosses and wire
pullers. • *_-->iv -;■-. ;■_;
By stress of circumstances over which
Jimmy had no control he was lorcea to
hold his levee on the wrong side of the big
iron doors in front of the City Prison. But
this was not a great inconvenience. He
and his friends enjoyed the freedom of the
prison office and the hospitality, at meal
times, of the prison-keeoer's table. Jimmy
—otherwise James D. Page— is under in
dictment by the Grand Jury on a charge
of embezzling over $4000 of funds belong
ing to an insane ward, but this fact did not
seem to cast a shadow on the levee of yes
terday. Although the State of California
paid Jimmy's fare back from New York
and he traveled in company with Detect
ive Anthony, who had been sent out with
a warrant to bring him back, Jimmy
smiled and shook hands with his friends
yesterday, and there was a cordial feeling
inside the City Prison that seemed, to an
uninterested spectator, rather out of keep
ing with the surroundings.
Jimmy has had his fling at the world,
and the chances are that Bit days of high
rolling are not yet ended. He has lots of
friends left among the lesser politicians,
and doubtless the "pull" will be exerted
to the limit. Although it would seem
that he has reached about the end of an
unsuccessful career it is still too early for
the moralist to point him out as a living
example. He is still a young man and
the end is not yet.
The career of James D. Page in this City
opened under most favorable ' auspices.
He was born in San Francisco,
here, and in 1878 was admitted to the bar.
He entered politics at bnoe. and in 1887
was elected Justice of the Peace. He was
very popular at that time.
When his term as Justice of the Peace
had expired, he was elected District Attor
ney of the City and County and served
a full term in that responsible office,
being succeeded by the incumbent, Mr.
Barnes, in 1891. During his term in the
District Attorney's office, Page married
the daughter of the late Paul Shirley of
Martinez. About this time he began to be
known as a high roller. Wine was his
beverage and his friends began to increase
rapidly. In the Renublicari convention of
'92, he sought the nomination for Judge of
the Superior Court, his life-long friend,
now Judge Hebbard, being his opponent.
Defeated in the convention, Page sought
revenge on his erstwhile friend, and dur
ing the campaign he played an active
but fruitless part in trying to defeat Heb
bard.
"It was then he lost his real friends,"
said an official at the City Hall yesterday.
"We looked upon it as the act of a traitor
to his party, and the leading spirits in it
would have nothing more to do with him."
The success of his opponent at the polls
seemed to embitter Page, for he drank
more than e?er and opened more wine in
the tenderloin districts., Then his wife se
cured a divorce, and after that -.'Jimmy
Page went to pieces very fast, his friends
say. He looked well and strong yesterday
in the City Prison, and as thougnhe had
refrained from his old-time dissipations
during his wanderings in the East. He re
fused to talk about himself or his case, but
said he was glad to get back here again
and see his old friends.
The Ghlrardelli Will.
The contest of the will of Domingo Ghirar
delli has been before Judge Coffey for several
days. Mrs. Domingo Barbagellata is the con
testant. She claims to be a daughter of Ghirar
delli. The I counter allegation is made that
Mrs. Barbagellata is the daughter of Mrs. Ghi
rardelli by a former husband, Dr. Martiuo. - In
the will there were mentioned but six children
and Mrs. Barbagellata, claiming to be a sev
enth child, toot exception to the reflection
upon herself and brought suit to break the
will. She was left by tho will $2000 and the
heirs increased this allowance" to $5000. She
now wants to vindicate her position as Ghirar
delli's child and to secure an even one-seventh
of the estate. The property is worth $200,000.
Sebastopol Was Not Impregnable.
For it was taken by assault, but a. physique built
up, a constitution fortified by Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, may bid defiance to the assaults of mala
rious disease even in localities j where ]it is most
prevalent and malignant. Emigrants to the ague
breeding sections of the West should bear this in
mind, and : , start 7 with a A supply. The Bitters
promptly subdues dyspepsia, rheumatic and Kid
ney complaints, nervousness, constipation and bil
iousness.
SOCIETY'S GAY DOINGS.
Miss Lillian O'Connell's Read
ings on the Colonial
Dames.
WALTER-MEERTIEF NUPTIALS.
Dance of the Monday Night Club.
Many Engagement Announce
ments Made.
The wedding of George M. Bowne and
Miss Laura T.Osbom will take place
February 15 at noon at 925 Valencia street.
It will be a very quiet affair and only the
immediate relatives will be invited. The
young couple will go to Monterey to begin
their honeymoon.
The engagement is announced of M. W.
Lustenberger and Miss Edith Mailer.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Carrie Heineman to Julius Wallenstein.
They will be at home Sunday next from 2
to 5 p. m. at 1828b Sutter street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Teanie Moss to Herman Weissman. They
will be at home next Sunday between 2
and 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. Shemanski announce the
engagement of their daughter, Tillie, to
J. Simon Harris, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Nathan Bush.
The engagement of Margaret Mabel
Duffy and Henry O. Drew is announced.
The wedding of Miss Rose Walter and
Abe Meertief at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. N. Walter,
last Tuesday eve ning was a very brilliant
affair. The house had been artistically
decorated by Miss Mary Bates. The couple
during the ceremony stood in the light of
the legendary lamp— the Sabbath lamp— swung
in silver and disclosing a brilliant horizontal
star. This lamp has been in the Walter family
nearly 200 years. Mendelssohn's wedding
march marked the bridal hour (8:30 p. M.),and
to its strains the bridal party passed down the
hall to the reception-room, where the marriage
was solemnized. ;
*' The way was led by the ushers, Herbert D.
alter, I. W. Hellman Jr., Albert Frank and
Isidor Fleishman. They were followed by
Mrs. Walter and William Haas. Then came
the groom with his sister, Mrs. Baruch. The
maid of honor, Miss Alice Greenebaum, pre
ceded the bride, who entered on the arm of her
father. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger awaited them,
and in his impressive manner pronounced the
words that made Miss Rose Walter Mrs. ADe
Meertief.
The bride is a brunette, dark eyed and rosy
cheeked. She was gowned last night in ivory
white point satin. The skirt was plain, but
the Marie Antoinette corsage .was heavily em
broidered in tiny pearls. The neck was cut
low back and front and finished with a nich
ing of tulle. Over the bouffant sleeves hung
large caps of point lace. The bridal bouquet
was of lilies of the valley and orange blos
soms. ■-y-p-
At 11 o'clock the young couple led the way
to the supper-hall, wheie nearly 300 guests
partook ot the wedding feast. The display of
wedding presents was magnificent.
Immediately after the wedding Mr. and Mrs.
Meertief left on their honeymoon trip. They
go first to .Southern California and then
through the Southern States to Montgomery,
Ala., to visit the groom's mother. They ex
pect to be away about two months. Upon
their return they will have apartments at the
Palace.
A very pretty wedding was solemnized on
the 18th inst. at the beautiful villa home of
Colonel and Mrs. Davis, just out of Auburn,
Placer County. The contracting parties were
George Williamson, recently from Scotland,
and Miss Julia Lorettn McCarthy, a San Fran
cisco girl. Rev. Father Vauschie performed
the ceremony under a bell of violets and in
front of a beautiful altar rail of white roses
and smilax. The bride was given away -by
Colonel Davis. Miss Davis acted as brides
maid, E. F. Wright as groomsman, and F. S.
Roumage and Howard Davis were ushers.
After a short formal reception Mr. and Mrs.
Williamson left for their "honeymoon trip in
Southern California. Returning", they will re
side near Auburn. Those present at the wed
ding were: Mrs. O'Brien and ■ Miss McCarthy
(sisters of the bride), Miss Sullivan (cousin of
the bride), Mr. O'Brien and Messrs. Evans and
Callahan of San Francisco; Colonel and Mrs.
Davis, Miss Davis, Howard and Charles Davis,
Dr. and Mrs. Todd. Mrs. Lubeck, Mrs. Buhring,
Mr. and Mrs. Coates, Mr. and Mrs. Toler, Mr.
and Mrs. Johns, Mr. and Mrs. Pouting, Miss
Bronson, Miss Mabel Bronson, Miss. Hamilton;
Messrs. E. F. Wright, F. S. Roumage, Will
Shepard, W. A. Hughes, A, Jac'-son, G. Jack
son, Mr. Marsh-Browne, Mr. Garrett and Mr.
Owen.
Miss Lillian O'Connell will give the third of
her series of lectures, which will be entitled
"Maids and .Matrons of the Revolution," at the
residence of Mrs. Jewett, 931 Bush street, next
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock. The second
of Miss O'Connell's recitals on "Colonial
Days," given under the auspices of Mrs. Jew
ett, was a marked success. At 2 o'clock last
Saturday afternoon slidlng-doors receded, dis
closing to the audience a stage beautifully set
as* a colonial drawing-room, in which stood
the picturesque figure clad in green, white
and gold and studded with quaint jewels of
Lady Stuyvesant, wife to the Governor of New
Amsterdam. The glimpses given the audience
"Through Colonial Doorways" at early Ameri
can life and manners were most entertaining.
Miss O'Connell's work throughout very
good, the effect of her impersonations in tne
illustrative poems being greatly added to by
her expressive face and natural acting. Her
rendering of the "Cruise of the Mystery"
especially showed marked tragic power. An
antique ballad, charmingly sung by Miss Adler,
added to the enjoyment of the affair.
, A concert was given by the '.race Church
choir lust evening at the auditorium of the
V. M. C. A. for the benefit of the choir fund.
The choir was assisted by Miss Mabel Love,
Mrs. Maud Chappell-Henley and the Plymouth
quartet. An interesting programme was de
lightfu.'ly rendered.
Mrs. M. V. T. Lawrence will give an at home
at her residence, 501 Harrison street, on Fri
day evening, the 21st Inst., from 8 to 11
o'clock.
The double silver wedding of Mr. and Mrs.M.
H. Hecht and Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Weil was
celebrated last Sunday at the Hecht residence,
2100 Washington street. Owing to a recent
bereavement in the family, only the relatives
gathered at the dinner-table in the evening.
The two couples were married twenty-rive
years ago at the Hecht homestead in Baltimore,
Mr. Well being united to a sister of Mr. Hecht.
All the parties are well known in business and
society circles in this City. »
■Mr. Hecht is of the firm of Hecht Bros. & Co.,
dealers in bonds and securities. He is also
president of the Buckingham & Heeht Shoe
Manufacturing Company, and one of the prin
cipal owners of the telephone companies on
this coast. He was for some time president of
the San Francisco Vercin and a member of
several clubs. * - »-r •
Mr. Weil is almost as well known as his
brotner-in-law. He is the vice-president and
manager of the Buckingham & Hecht Com
pany and lives at 1817 Jackson street.
The Misses Tobin gave an elaborate dinner
party last Monday at their elegant home on the
corner of Taylor ana California street". The
decorations were in violets and hyacinths.
After din tier the young hostesses and their
guests attended the party of the Monday Even,
ing Dancing Club. Those at the table were Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph ■ S. Tobin, Miss ( elia Tobin,
Mjs% Beatrice Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. Edward R.
Dimond, Miss Fannie Loughborough, Miss
Breeze, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee, N. A.
McCully, Redick McKee Duperu, Jared Rath
bone and F. A. Greenwood.
There was a brilliant gathering at the meet
ing of the Monday Evening Dancing Club at
Golden Gale Hall last Monday evening. Nearly
all the patronesses were present, as well as
members of the club, among them being:
Mrs. Thomas Breeze, Mrs. Thomas C. Van
JNess, Mrs. Jerome Lincoln, Mrs. George A. Tope,
Mrs. James Carolan, Mrs. .Sydney Smith, Mrs. W.
R. Smedberg, Mr. and airs. T. C. Van Ness, Miss
P, a l?. y an -> ess . Frank -McC. Van Ness, Mrs. W.
11. Taylor. Miss Carrie Taylor, W. H. Taylor Jr
Augu.us Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Goorje it. Lent,
Mrs. John iS, Hager, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph J. Tobin, Mrs. Celia Tobin.
Miss Beatrice > Tobin, Mr. and airs. Paul R.
Jarboe, Miss Katbryu Jarboe, Jerome Case,
Moron Gibbons, :■ Miss Ma Gibbous. Osgood
Hooker, Miss Ella Goad. Miss Helen Wool worth
James V. Pheian, Lieutenant W. R. Hmedbei*
Peter D. Martin, Miss Harrington, Walter S; Ho
bart, Miss Alice iiobart, Miss Kip, Miss Mary Kld
A. Maiondray, Miss- i.aura Bates, Miss Gertie
Rates, Mrs. James Caroian, Mi« Carolan, aiiss
Emily Carolan. Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. Carol,
Lieutenant John W. Joyes, George F. Davidson'
R. ait-Kee Duperu William F. Breeze, Miss Louise
Breeze, Miss Lizzie Carroll, Miss Mabel de Noon
Robert M. Eyre, Frank Findley, Miss Genevieve
Goad, Miss Flma Graves, A! F. Havne, Sout.crd
Hoffman, Oaden Hoffman, Walter G. Lan
ders, Captain M. P. aiaus, Miss Edith Mc-
Bean, Miss Laura McKlnstry, George Aimer New-"
hall, Frank L. Owen, Miss Alice Owen. William D
Page, air. and Mrs. George A. Pope, Miss Potmen, v'
ailss.Cora Smedberg. Dr. Harry i.. Tevis. aiiss*
Hannah Williams, Miss ■ Williams, Miss Moliie
_BMB___t-__-"' .., * • ■ »"»v
Thomas, Miss Ethel Tompkins, Mr. and Mrs.
Mountford S. Wilson, Miss Eleanor Wood, Horace
D. Pillsbury, Miss Eva Moody. Miss Mai Moody,
Addison Mizner. Latham McMullen, Miss tannic
Loughborough, Harry B. Houghton, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Knight. F.A.Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs.
William M. Gwin, Miss Mary- Bell (.win, E.
R. Folger, C. N. Felton, George F. Davidson,
Mr. and Mr... Joseph B. Crockett, Lieutenant
R. C. Croxton, Miss A. A. Clarke. Miss Grace
Clarke, Miss Emma Butler, Miss Harriet Graham,
Miss M'ta Graham, XV. F. Carrigan, Miss Sarah
Collier, M S3 Maraquita Collier, Miss Ethel Smith,
Miss Helen Smith. Miss Bertha Smith, Colin M.
Smith. Henry W. Poett. Miss Ella Morgan, Fred
W. McNear, Miss Hose Hooper, H. M. Holbrook,
Miss Minnie Houghton. Fred. H. Coon, Lieutenant
T. G. Carson, Miss Rate Clement, Miss Jennie
Cr.therwood, Harry N. Stetson. Miss Isabelle Mc-
Kenna, W. H. Magee. Lieutenant A. S. Flemming.
A. W. Clement, Miss Emma Crockett, Dr. and
Mrs. W. P. McNutt. Fletcher McNutt, Miss Mary
McNutt, MissJJessie Glascock. •
A delightful surprise party was given to Miss
Flora Bremer by her many friends in honor of
her birthday at the residence of her parents,
2100 Larkin street, last Thursday evening.
Among those present were: Miss Flora Bremer,
Judge Groezinger, Miss Irene Silvestri, Robert
Leggy, Miss Wide Bremer, William Monagham,
Miss Nellie Lawrence, Lawyer Sweeney, Miss
Alice Bremer, Sam Shaws, Miss Estella Per
rault, Samuel Gulick, Miss Lizzie Popp, Robert
Landgrebe Jr., Mr. and Mrs. George Beckedorff,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Landgrebe, Mr. and Mrs.
John Bremer.
The graduating festival of the juveniles at
tending Mrs. Ada Clark's academy will take
place at their hall, 211 Sutter street, next
Saturdavyevening. ■ :/-PP.
"The'Talms" will give their second anni
versary souvenir ball at Union-square Hall,
421 Post street, Sunday evening next.
The Sans Souci Club will give their second
entertainment, vaudeville show. and hop at
Union-square Hall on Thursday evening,
February 0.
Borromean Council No. 129, Young Men's
Institute, will give an entertainment and
social Thursday evening, January 23, at Mis
sion Opera Hall, 2131 Mission street.
The pupils and friends of Professor R. K.
Love will give a complimentary leap-year
party in his honor at California Hall to-mor
row evening.
Major John A. Darling, U. S. A., and Mrs.
Darling will receive on Fridays at tneir cot
tage at the Presidio, and on Wednesdays in
January at their town residence, corner of.
Sutter and Gough streets.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Son, who have been
spending the past few months in the Eastern
States, will return home on February 1.
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Baggett have re
turned from the East, accompanied by Miss
Sue Rose Crook of Memphis. They are at the
St. Nicholas Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Schein (nee Bloom) will be
pleased to see their friends from 2 to 5 o'clock
Sunday, January 20, at their home, 724 a Green
street, between Powell and Mason.
Miss Agnes Thomas left on Thursday last to
spend the winter in New York with her sister,
Mr.-. Maurice D. Clar.
Mrs. I. Maguire and her son, Emanuel
Maguire,*leave for the East to-day.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. S. M. and Alice E. Jndson to Russell W. Os
born.lot on N line of Clay street, 137:6 E of Wal
nut. E 30:10 by Is* 127:814; $10.
Israel and Rosine Cahn to Daniel Roth, all inter
est in lot on corner of Eolsom and (sixteenth
streets, N 620, E 570. S to >* line of Sixteenth
street, where it intersects center of Mission Creek
as in 1876. W. to beginning, except lot on NE
corner of Eolsom and sixteenth streets, E 312, N"
17deg. 21 mm., E 53.85, N 10 deg. 8 min.,E 51.66,
N 43 deg. 2 mm., E 40.69, N- 44 deg. 18 mm., E
75.83, N. 34 deg. 27 mm., E 73.24, N 48 deg. 49
nun., E 88.00] N 228:9. W 550. S 520; also all in
terest in lot on SW corner of Fifteenth and Eolsom
streets, XV 245 by 8 300: $10.
Pal my re S. Calm to same, all Interest in lot on
SW corner of Fifteenth and Eolsom streets, W 245
by 8 300; also lotion NE corner of Eolsom and
Center streets, N 520, E 670, S to Center street. W
to beginning, except as above in deed Cahn to
Both, NE corner of Folsom and Sixteenth streets,
E 312, etc.; $10.
Daniel and Jeannette Roth to Israel Cahn, undi
vided quarter or same two pieces; $10.
Same to Pal my re 8. Cahn, undivided quarter of
same two pieces; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Brook, lot on W line of Harrison street, 207:6 N
of Eighteenth. N 20:4, W 182:9, XV »1:4, S 35, E
140. N 2:6. E 75: $ .
Henry Brook to William Eeviston, lot on W line
1 of Harrison street, 207:6 N of Eighteenth, N 30:6
by XV 100: So.
John Center to Maria L. Crim (undivided half),
William H. Crim (undivided eighth) George S. ('.
Crim (undivided quarter), and (as trustee) Grace
M., Samuel 31 and William H. Crim Jr. (undivided
eighth), undivided half of lot on E line of Bryant
street, lib N of Twenty-first, N 26 by E 100:
5750.
Henry E. Stevens (by F. I. Mahoney (commis
sioner) to John H. Grady, lot on a line of Valley
street. 150 X of Church, IS 25 by S 114; $2600.
Hibernia savings and loan Society to John F.
Brims, lot on NW. corner of Sansome and Pacific
streets, N 54 -.4 ' ■, by W 67:6; $10.
Wlltian C, Spencer (guardian of estate of Henry
S. Cotter) to Kate Miles, lot on SW line of Stan
ford street, 225 NW of Townsend, NW 25 by SW
SO: $153. - . ■ , -.. ■■■■■-. : . ... ••: .
Clara A. 00-dnex. Belle M. Cotter, William H.
Seaman, William H., Charles S., Abram V. V..,
Thomas C, Ellen and A. M. Young to same, same:
$10
William H. Schmidt to William G. Henshaw, lot
on NW corner of Fourth and Bran nan stree. s, W
80 by N 30; also property in Alameda County,
trust; $■ , •'■■• • •
George M. Schultz to Barbara Schultz. lot on E
.me of Nebraska street, 133:4 Sof Serra, 66:8
by i; 100: $5.
Margaret Haggerty to Thomas Haggertv, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos av
enue, N25 by E:103:7*/ 3 : gift.
Thomas and Mari.inm.ia Linane to Daniel Col
lins, lot on s line of X street, 57;6 E of Twelfth
avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
James F. Dennan to Maria Dennan, lot 43, block
V, Park Lane Tract, Map 2; $10.
J. B. McMurray to Antone Leonardlnf, lot on NE
line of Cotter street, 475 NW of Mission, NW 25
by NE 100, Academy Tract: $10.
ALAMEDA CO!/ STY.
D. E. Fortin to -May B. Fortin. lot on X line of
NEW TO-DAT.
fT-l-fl [ Is greatly enhanced
1 II Ot by proper accessories
'JLmmI.KJ —little Conveniences
__ and greater Necessi-
SillY- ties
""-a tl^A, Special reductions
this week in Sponges,
1 <■ "VJTT Flesh, Nail and Hand
U.JL V Brushes, Friction
-J Gloves for wet and
_ X} dry uses, . Soaps and
ill Toilet Waters at the
tjlp WONDER
lliy DRUGSTORE.
B fli FLETCHER & CO.,
dill 11 102S Market St.
_UlU_X_-InWI_IU_-_THtt/m*Wft^-Bf-|---^
$15 for a solid oak office
desk like this maybe "over-
doing the thing" — too cheap;
but you shouldn't mind.
Plenty of drawer room ;
bookracks ; pigeonholes —
all conveniently arranged.
Same style with drawers
on one side only, $13 50. .
The new lace curtains for
1896 are coming in every
day. Patterns are prettier
than ever.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
Kirn or Twenty-fourth street, 600 W of Telegraph .
avenue. XV 50 by N 135, lot 43, block O, Kelsey
Murray Johnson to James A. Johnson, lot oh
Murray L. Johnson to James A. Johnson lot oh
R I "oi Fifteenth avenue. 100 Sof East Twenty
first street, S^by E 100, block 128. Clinton, East
Oakland: $10 Myra A. Greenwood to I. A. Ste-
Monroe and Myra A. Greenwood to I, a. Ste
phenson, lot 18, block D, Peralta Heights, East
Oakland: $10. - ._ • .„ T _, r-.Pj.P-
D. A. and Anna E. Stephenson to J. T. Clayton,
same, subject to mortgage, East Oakland. $5
Katberiue V. Klinkner (executrix of es ate of
Charles A. Klinkner) to Maria Mi twwaM U lot 18,
block 11. Herzog Tract. Oakland Township: $23_>.
XV. E. and Krminia Dargle to Joseph VI asser, lot
44, Rose Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. _
Same to Gustavus Dorges, lot 226, Rose Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $5.
Rachel Searles to Margaret Chaffee, lots 82 and
83. Searles Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Wlllam J. Lavmance to J. T. Clayton, lot 6, block
8, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
M. S. and K. M. Taylor to Emll Fischer, lot oil
X\V line of Regent street, 213.63 SW of Central
avenue, SW 40 by X\V 118.83, Alameda; $10.
Frank and lgtiacia F. Bernardo to Joseph Ber
nardo, lot on SW line of First street, 1.0 SE of c,
6E 6, SW 80.39. NW 6.025, NE 80.49 to begin
ning, Havwards, Eden Township; $I*'- ■■ ....
V. S. and Jane Smalley to George E. Grlndell
and J. E. Geary, lot on SW'lineof Castro street, 136
BE of A. SB 60 by SW 300. Haywards, together
with right of way 15 feet wide adjoining abo\
Eden Township: $10. _ .  ,
F. J. and Maria L. Marshall to Anna E. (wife of
Antonio) Vlelra, lot on N Fine of Pacific street, IJS
W of Willow, W '25 by N 100 :"Vj. block Abb, . Gi
bbons' property, to correct 326 d 75, Oakland; $100;
Mary B. Watson to Michel A. Tschurr. lot on NX
line of" East Fifteenth street, 50 NW of Eighth ave
nue, NW 26 by NE 75, block 71, Clinton, Eaa
Oakland; $10. "/■■/■: ._„
Charles Camden to Grace C. Richards, lot on > -fe
line of Monte Vista avenue, 220.21 NW of Oak
land avenue, NW 70 by NE 127, block A, Linda
Vista Terrace. Oakland Township; $10.
H. B. Mayo to Alfred A. March, lot on E line of
Eleventh street. 176:40 S from S line of Berkeley
Branch Railroad right of way, E 100 by S3. :6,
block 26, Beaudrv and Peladeau property, Oakland
Township; $10. * -Al-.P
Alfred A. and Elylna Wood to William H. Mac
klnnon, lot on S\V r corner of Weston avenue and
Silver street, W 50 by - 150, block C, Broadway and
Telegraph-avenue Homestead, Oakland Township:
$10.
Godfrey and Nancy Rhodes to Mary Susie Car
nail, lot on N line of Vine street, 60 W from Ox
ford, W 35 by _S* 120, block 3, Antisell Tract,
Berkeley; $10. • -.'.-.--
The McCarthy Company fa corporation) to
Ellen M. Wentz, lots 7 an"d 8 In subdivision G.
Fruttvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Townshlpi
$10.
Same to Francis J. Blelinskl, lot 9 in subdivision
G, same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Nora Farrill to Ellen rulllvan. lots 26 to 35.
block A, and lots 23 to 28, block B, Fruitvale
Tract, Brooklyn Township; grant.
11. C. Morris to James and Martha A. Williams,
lot on W lino of Peach street. 150 S of Mountain
View avenue, 8 100 by W 150. block 34, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A RUNAWAY DUMMY.
Several Passengers Injured by Jumping
Off an Imperiled Electric
Car.
Last evening between 6 and 6:30 o'clock
car 1011 was on its way from the Ingieside
racetrack when it ran off the track between
Thirty-first street and West avenue. The
passengers, about twenty in number, were
transferred to car 1062, which was follow
ing close behind, the conductor or
dered to take them to the transfer point at
Twenty-ninth and Mission streets. .
While the conductor of car 1062 was ad
justing the trolley the car started to run
down the grade, which is rather steep at
that point. In a few seconds the car was
bounding along at a terrific rate of speed
and it was feared that it would at any
moment leave the rails. Just as the con
ductor started to set the brake the already
terrified passengers saw a short distance
ahead of them car 1086. and one of the
number, believing a collision imminent,
shouted to the others to jump for their
lives. . " , ; : ■•■.:.-; -..-
Without waiting several of them wildly
sprang from the flying car and were rolled
on the roadside. Others, more timid, who
would have remained on the car, as they
were glued to their seats by fear, were
pushed off by the more excited passengers
and were considerably jarred and bruised
by the fall. -
Among: those injured were Charles Kidd,
jockey, living at the Bay District track,
who had his back badly sprained. He was
sent to St. Luke's Hospital in a hack at his
own request. C. Clancy, another jockey,
had his left hand slightly injured and his
left hip bruised, but he was able to go
home himself. Mrs. Levy of the Montrose
Hotel, Geary street, was slightly, injured
about the head. and was sent home in a
hack by the railroad officials. '"
NEW TO-DAY.
January Sale
■J* ■': A:-::
Desirable and
Seasonable Goods
Throughout Every Department
Prices Never Before
So Low.
We only ask an inspection. The
price and quality are bound to be irre-
sistible.
SPECIALS.
Note the prices and be assured that
there are others fully as attractive.
GLOVES.
1200 pairs Ladies' 4-button Ensrlish Walking
Gloves, in tans, browns and English reds a
fac-slmlle of tbe Dent glove, perfect in every
respect and are fitted to the hand. They are
■piendld value at ?1 25 per pair. For this sale
the price Is
■'. 75c Pair.
UNDERWEAR.
Ladies' Imported Swiss-ribbed Wool Vests, In high
neck and long sleeves, color white, an excel-
lent garment and never sold at less than $1 25
each. Tor this sale our price is
85c Each.
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed Lisle Thread Drawers, In ecru
and black, one of last season's most popular
sellers at 85c per pair. For this sale the price is
60c Pair.
CORSETS.
450 pairs Ladies' Extra Long AValsted 6-hook 1.4
L. Corsets, made of splendid quality of im-
ported black sateen, with two steels on each
side and extra bound bust, finished with sille
embroidered top and handsomely embroidered
both top and bottom with colored silks in ail
sizes, 18 to 30. The best value in the world at
$1.50 Pair.
RIBBONS.
3500 pieces FTRST QUALITY Satin-edge Rib-
bons, in all colors, at the following extraordi-
• narily low prices.
These goods should not be confounded with infe-
rior qualities, as they are perfect goods of the
BEST quality.
No. 2, *Vss inch wide 5c yard....„.s 50 piece
No. 3, »■-, inch wide : evic yard 60 piece
So. 8, 1 inch wide........ Hi, ye yard 80 piece
No. 7, I*4 inches wide. ..loc yard ...... 100 piece
No. 9, lVa inches wide... 160 yard l 60 piece
No. 12, 2 Inches wide...... 20c yard 2 00 piece
No. 16, 2% Inches wide... 2sc yard 2 60 piece
No. 22, 3 inches wide...... 25c yard ..2 50 piece
SEE OUR EMBROIDERIES— Never such
designs, never such values as are now
being shown.
Mail orders promptly filled.
newmanTsTlevihsdn,
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street
BRANCH STORE-742 and 744 Market
Street. *NORTON'S DECREE
BARS NOE HEIRS
Attorneys Say That It
Shuts Off Further
Litigation.
DEPENDANTS REJOICE.
. . . ■: .
They Are Delighted at the New
Aspect of an Annoying
Suit.
THE DECISION IS BINDING.
New a New Line May Be Followed in
Fighting the Claims of the San
Miguel Rancho.
The announcement made in The Call
yesterday that an old decree not on the
legal index had been discovered in the
County Clerk's office, setting at rest for all
time the Noes' claim to an undivided half
interest in the San Miguel rancho, was re
ceived with unalloyed delight by the hun
dreds of people who had ssttled'and made
their homes in the disputed territory.
"This is certainly an instance, " said one
of those people yesterday, "where the press
is a public benefactor."
Attorneys for the defendants in the cases
pending, which affect title to Han Miguel
rancho lands, were unanimous in their
views. Indeed, they had but one view of
the new situation— that it absolutely barred
further proceedings on the part of the Noe
heirs for part ownership of the valuable
lands within the City's boundaries.
The decree of Jud-re Norton, entered
November 17. 1860, was found Tuesday in
the County Clerk's office 'and is as follows:
Now therefore, it Is ordered, adjudged and
decreed that the title of the plaintiff to the
above described premises is a good and valid
title against the said defendants, ana each of
them; and that the said defendants, and each
of them, and all persons claiming by, through
or under them be forever barred of all right,
title, estate and interest in the said premises
and every part and parcel thereof.
Edward Norton.
0 _ Judge Twelfth District Court.
P. Parsons, for plaintiffs.
Tt'LLY R. Wise, for defendants.
It came as a genuine surprise to the inter
ested parties, who saw "that it placed an
altogether new aspect on the case that
gave them hope of release from the an
noyance of a suit clouding in some meas
ure their titles of possession.
G. Whitfield Lane of Lane & Lane, who
are attorneys for the San Miguel Defense
Association, in an interview yesterday as
to the effect of the suit of Bone and Noe et
ah. said that until he read The Call yes
terday morning he knew nothing about
the Boric suit.
'The decree in that case may be of con
siderable use to us in this Noe litigation,"
Mr. Lane said. "If we find that the prop
erty included in it is the same as that
which we represent, and that our clients
derived title through 'the plaintiff in the
Boric suit, we will amend our answers
and plead that suit in bar as an additional
defense. Of course, this Boric case doesn't
change the Noe case at all. If it is of any
use it will simply be as an additional de
fense. People mast be careful to answer
the Noe suit in time, and not Jet default
be taken against them. If the Boric suit
can be of any use to them they must dead
it in their answers to the present suit."
When asked if he considered it as eood
as a case that had cone to the Supreme
Court, he said : "Oh, yes, the decision of
a lower court is just as binding as the
highest in the land, after the time for ap
peal has passed. But the fact that one
suit has been determined does not prevent
people from litigating the matter over
again.
"We do not need the Boric case, what
ever its merits may be, to help us in this
Noe litigation. We think we can. easily
defeat the claim without anything of the
sort. It might be interesting to learn how
it occurred that the decree in this case
The Call publishes happened to be
entered by consent of all parties. That
was not published with your oilier facts,
but it is so. It looks as though the plain
tiff bought the defendants tip. There has
been too much of that buying off'title
clouders,' as I call them, in this City.
Property-owners ought to club together
and ficht the thing out on principle. It
would cost them less in the end and might
tend to kill off a threatened new crop.
The San Miguel Defense Association has
some 300 members, who are going to fight
this out to the bitter end."
William H. Schooler of Miller &
Schooler, who represent many of the prop
erty-owners named as defendants in the
Noe suit, said : "Relative to this matter,
if the decree of Judge Norton is reported
by you correctly, it seems to me that it is
absolutely conclusive, and if the plaintiffs
in this case claim to derive their title
through the defendants in the case of
Boric against others they are most cer
tainly precluded of all rights in the mat
ter, and unquestionably they have no
standing in court. '
'•I do not believe that there Is a shadow
of title on the part of the present claim
ant, because they never had any substance
to base a suit upon. All of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of this State con
cerning the land of the San Miguel rancho
are in favor of the defendants in the suit
now pending. *
"If the present claimants are the de
fendants or the heirs of the defendants in
the Boric suit, they' are absolutely barred
by the decree of the District Court. It
aids the defendants in this case in making
the defense. The discovery is one that is
very beneficial to the property-owners of
Noe Valley."
Mr. Harding, searcher for the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, and
attorney for defendants whose titles are
insured by that corporation, believed that
the old decree put an end to litigation in
the Noe claims.
"I would not be at all surprised if that
•ait may be a complete bar," he said.
"Boric seems to have had the title at that
time when he brought this suit. John M.
Homer bought the San Miguel ranch from
old Jose Jesus Not. and in 1854 made a
mortgage for $50,000 upon it to Cornelius
K. Garrison.
"This mortgage was assigned to Samuel
Morse Jr., then foreclosed by Morse and
the property sold by the Sueriff to Theo
dore F. Morse. Theodore F. conveyed the
ranch to Adolph E. Boric (that is as I
have it. not Adolph H. Boric), who con
veyed -it to Francoise Pioche, the old
banker, February 29, 1860. The rancho
was held at different times by Pioche, Levi
Parsons and J. B. Bayerque in undivided
interests, and also by Lester L. Robinson,
and by them sold off to individuals and
homestead incorporations in large and
small parcels. . And now these Noe heirs
have no just or right claim to the title.
- his suit makes the case clearer to popular
view although we know that tbe Noe heirs
never had a shadow of a legal or indeed of
any claim to the property."
CANTORS BOY JOE.
He Causes Trouble in the Le Conte Pri-
Mary School.
Joseph Cantor, a jeweler living at 1510]^
Powell street, yesterday oomplained to
Secretary McComb of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children that
Miss M G. Stebbins, principal of the Le
Conte Primary School on Powell street,
had cruelly beaten his 12-year-old son,
Joseph Jr. Cantor also claims that when
he remonstrated with the principal she
insulted him. He declared that he would
call the attention of the Board of Educa
tion to the matter. •-. ■
Miss Stebbins' story puis the case in a
very different light, "and her statements
are corroborated by all the teachers in the
school. She said the boy is impudent and
disobedient, and. given to playing truant.
After running away from school for sev
eral days the lad, accompanied by his
parent, went back to school. She told the
father that the boy deserved punishment,
and demanded that it be inflicted by
Cantor. When the parent refused she
took the regulation strap and dealt the lad
several strokes, on the palm of the hand.
At this Cantor waxed wrath and shook his
fist in the lady's face, so she said, and
threatened to cause her all sorts of trouble.
FOR INSULTING WOMEN.
Skirm and "Waltz Sentenced to Ninety
Days in the County Jail.
H. Skirm and Phillip Waitz, the photo
graphic-enlarging agents, who were con
victed on Tuesday of disturbing the peace
by insulting Mrs. J. W. Coffey and Miss
Annie "Williams, 2820 Sixteenth street, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday for
sentence.
The Judge again commented upon the
The New Gymnasium in the Harbor Police Station as It Will Appear When the Various Departments
Are in Full Swing.
gravity of the defendants' conduct and
said he would fine them $150 each or in
default to serve 150 days in the County
Jail. Skirm's young wife was in . «ourt,
and when she heard the sentence she
jumped to her feet and tearfully begged
the Judge for mercy. She said she had a
young baby and her husband's imprison
ment would leave her destitate. The
Judge was moved by her pleading and re
duced the sentence to $90 or ninety days'
imprisonment.
Skirm is a surveyor by profession and
took to selling pictures to support his wife
and baby. He came here from Santa Cruz
about two years ago.
SUED BY GRANDCHILDREN.
Charles Shrakkart, the Pickle
Man, in More Legal
Trouble.
A Suit for Breach of Promise Eending
Against Him — May Be
Arrested.
Back of an apparently unimportant suit
filed in the County Clerk's office yesterday
is a story of domestic discord and war of
the members of a family one against an
other such as has seldom come to light in
this City.
Rosie Elizabeth Jentzsch, Lottie Au
gusta Jentzsch and Anna Marie Jentzsch,
by their guardian, Otto Jentzsch, have
brought, action against Charles Shrakkart
for $1000, which, it is alleged, the defend
ant received in trust for the plaintiffs, and
which he has converted to his own use.
The defendant is the grandfather of the
plaintiffs, their mother, the wife of the
guardian, being Shrakkart's daughter.
Shrakkart's wife died on August 20 last,
and on her deathbed gave her husband an
order for $1500, which she had in the
German Savings and Loan Society, with
instructions to divide it among the chil
dren of her favorite daughter, the wife of
Otto Jentzsch. Shrakkart immediately
had the money transferred to bis own
account in the ban k and on the 28th of
August paid the children $500. The rest
of the money he has, according to the
comp faints, retained and refuses to turn it
over.
When the demands became pressing he
deeded his real property, which is valuable,
to his other. children. Now he has been
sued for the unpaid balance and there is
danger of the Shrakkart family skeleton,
which has been rattled frequently in court
since Mrs. Shrakkart died, being aired
again.
The defendant- is the pickle manufac
turer who was recently sued by Mrs. An
nita Egbert for breach of promise. Mrs.
Eggert is the buxom cook of the Golden
Bell saloon at 1073 Market street, where
Shrakkart frequently dropped in for conso
lation after the death of his wife.
He soon made the acquaintance of the
handsome cook and, according to her con
fessions to her lawyer, kissed her "a thous
sand times" and loved her strenuously.
This suit is still pending, as is another in
volving a piano which Mrs. Shrakkart left
to an unmarried daughter. The pickle
man refused to give it up and though
a judgment was given against him in the
Justice Court he appealed to the Superior
Court and declares he will carry the mat
ter higher if necessary. With the three
suits in which he enacts the role of defend
ant his time outside of his pickle business
will probably he occupied for some time.
THE RAILROAD COMMISSION.
It Met and Adjourned 'Without Trans
acting Any Business.
There was a very brief session of the
Railroad Commission yesterday, all the
members being present. The only mat
ters laid before them were two communi
cations from T. H. Goodman, general pas
senger agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany— one inclosing the rates put in on
the motor road between San Bernardino
and Riverside and the other notifying the
board of a new flag station between Teal
and Suisun.
These letters had a peculiarsignificance,
as they were the first communications re
ceived by the commission from the South
ern Pacific Company since the institution
of tiie injunction • proceedings, : with lie
exception of the annual pass sent to each
member of the commission and to the
secretary and his assistant. Adjournment
was taken to the 12th of February.
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
POLICEMEN AS GYMNASTS
They Will Have to Exercise
Once a Week in the
Near Future.
y7y - - ■
PARAPHERNALIA NOW READY.
Chief Crowley Says Manual Exercise
Will Be Good for the Entire
Force.
The members of the police force are to
go into training. Chief Crowley, backed
up by the Commissioners, is determined
that every man on the force shall have
more muscle and less fat, and in conse
quence physical exercise of a hard kind
has been ordered. When the new gym
nasium in the headquarters of the Harbor
Police is completed every officer, corporal,
sergeant and lieutenant will have to re
port at least once a week "for exercise."
Just what will be done with the captains
is a matter of doubt, but the chances are
that Captain Dunleavy, in command of
the waterfront, and Captain Lees of the
detective force, will frequently be seen en
gaging in a friendly scrap with the gloves.
The new water-front headquarters for
the police are very commodious. The
main entrance is on Sacramento street,
but the building runs through to Com
mercial, and Captain Dunleavy and his
squad have the use of the entire lower
floor. Along the eastern side the lockers
for the use of the police have been built,
while the offices and cells occupy a portion
of the western side. There then remains
a large unoccupied space, which Chief
Crowley resolved to turn into a gym
nasium. This work is now almost accom
plished, under the able supervision of
Officer Russell, and in a few days the
police will have as good a place in "which
to exercise as that provided by the Olym
pic Club.
In the north corner a new ceiling has
been put in and a pnnching-bag now hangs
from it. After using it for an hour yester
day Sergeant Tom Mahoney retired'to the
shower-bath with the remark. "That's the
kind of exercise. to give a fellow muscle."
From the bathroom Mahoney went into
the dressing-room, and then he told Cap
tain Dunleavey in confidence, "An outfit
like this is just the sort of a thing to make
the men go in for exercise."
In the gymnasium there will also be
pulling machines for expanding the chest,
horses to exercise the policemen's legs, a
wrestling mat, horizontal and parallel
bars, dumbbells, Indian clubs and all the
rest of the paraphernalia. Unfortunately
there will be no cinder track, and thereat
Officer McGreavy is grumbling. Jack is a
sprinter, arid wants a chance to show the
rest of the force the proper manner in
which to cover half a mile in quick time.
Officer Holland "is great on the pulleys,"
according to Corporal Cockriil. Almost
every day he exercises on some of the
lamp-posts along the front, but latterly he
has eschewed telegraph poles. A number
of the wharf rats noticed that every day
Holland tried his strength on a certain
pole that stood near Valle jo-street wharf.
During the night they procured a saw and
sawed it half-way through. The next time
Pete came along he gave his usual vigor
ous pull, and down went the policeman
with the pole on top of him. Now Holland
says he will do ail his pulling on the pull
ing machine.
Officers Tom Ellis and George Lake, rep
resenting the south nd, and Sergeant
Steve Banner and Officer W. Ferguson,
representing Meiggs wharf, are to open
the new quarters. It is to be a question
of ail-around athletics, and the team
making the most points wins. Bunner is
particularly good on the wrestling-mat,
while Ferguson is best on the parallel and
horizontal bars. Ellis and Lake are a good
team, however, and Sergeant Fitzgibbon
says it is a toss-up which team wins.
Officer Shaw, who is an all-round ath
lete and a member of the Olympic Club is
to be the instructor. Squads from the dif
ferent stations will be sent to him once a
week, and before three months are over
the Chief is confident that the avoirdupois
of the men will lie considerably decreased.
The Commissioners have offered a prize
for the man who shows the most improve
ment during the first three months and
the betting is that Officer Mackey will win
it. At the present time he can throw a
double somersault in his uniform. Cap
tain Dunleavy is s very much pleased with
the innovation and expects to shortly have
the finest squad of men in the United
States under hi* command.
FOR DURRANT'S APPEAL.
A Voluminous Bill of Exceptions Filed
by His Attorneys With the
Court.
The bill of exceptions by which it is
hoped to secure for Theodore Durrant a
new trial has been filed. Eugene Deuprey
offered it in court yesterday morning, and
as he did so he moved for a further stay of
proceedings in the case. '
A stay of proceedings until February 11
was granted, and this means that until
February 11, anyway, Durrant will not
have to go to San. Quentin, but may re
main in the County Jail. ;
The bill of exceptions contains 792 pages,
and there are 232 objections which, in the
form of exceptions, are cited as error. The
greater part of the important testimony
given at the trial is also included lathe
document. Objection is' made on every
point— to the impaneling of the jury, to
the examination of jurors, to the allowing
of the peremptory challenges of the prose
cution, to the admittance of certain evi
dence, to, allowing the ciothes of Blanche
Lamont to be draped upon a wire dress
maker's figure— in fact, j to any and every
thing that in any way went against Dur
rant, whether point of evidence or circum
stance 'of trial. All this will have to be
printed at the expense of the people. This
bill of exceptions will have to be settled, a
proceeding which may take a great many
days. -. 7 - 7 .'-..:-"■' ■ •-- , .:■;
THE NEW PIGEON RACE.
Homing Birds Fly From . Marysville
\ '■.!.','■ Under New Rules.
It has been decided to have the second
homing-pigeon race on Saturday. This
will enable the three fanciers who have
entered birds to have them all in trim.
There will be a new method of starting
employed. Each batch of birds will be
started at a different time. G. Koenig's
pigeons will be released at 10 o'clock in
the morning. T. W. Leydecker's birds
will follow twenty minutes later. Another
interval of twenty minutes will ensue
before G. F. Marsh's piceon is released.
Some of the birds released on Tuesday
have not yet returned to their cotes. It j
was reported that only one bird had re
turned up to 0 o'clock Tuesday night.
Mr. Marsb'spigeon reached its loft at 3:49,
making the time of flight 4 hours and 46
minutes. One of Mr. Leydecker's pigeons
arrived at 3:41. Only one of Mr. Koenig's
birds arrived within that time.
McDonald's Charges.
There is a gleam of hope for Dick McDonald,
and, as the days pass, it becomes moro and
more definite. He has but three charges more,
each weaker than the other, against him, and
the' proposition comes now to reduce his bail.
Should this be done McDonald will certainly
get his freedom, pending trial, and, as the
strongest charge was prosecuted -first, and he
has twice been acquitted, the hopes of himself
and his counsel are rising steadily. The next
'charge will come up Saturday, to be set be
fore Judge B.ilirs.
HOSPITAL REQUIREMENTS.
Investigation by a Committee
From the Federation of
Women.
The Instruments in Use Are Charac
terized As Instruments of
. Torture.
The Receiving Hospital was visited
yesterday by Mrs. Fairbanks, Mrs. Farr
and Miss Bruner, a committee appointed
by the Federation of Women to investi
gate and report as to its condition.
The ladies were courteously received by
Dr. Weil and every facility was afforded
them in their search for information.
Mrs. Keane, the matron, spent several
hours with them, and they . expressed
themselves as very much gratified at the
assistance which the matron had given
them.
"The federation," said Mrs. Farr, had
received such startling reports as to the
hospital that it was deemed necessary to
appoint a committee to make an investi
gation, and we were selected. * , ■'/
"We have found the reports very much
exaggerated. The wards and all things
about the hospital were as clean and tidy
as can be expected and personally I notice
an improvement in that respect since I
was there last year.
"The surgical instruments in use in the
hospital are nothing but instruments of
torture. It is a shame that such an insti.
union should be equipped with instru
ments that no self-respecting surgeon
would use in his private practice. A com
plete set of new instruments of the most
modern kind should be provided without
delay.
"There is not enough sheeting and there
is also much need of a supply of pans and
other necessary articles which need not be
enumerated. V
"The accommodations in cases of con
finement is of the poorest and. something
must be done for the comfort of women
brought to the hospital for this purpose.
There should be a separate ward for such
cases.
"Insane patients should not be detained
in the hospital. We find that the noise
they make during the night keeps other
patients from enjoying much needed sleep
and on sanitary grounds it is also unde
sirable to have them there.
"These and other matters will be em
bodied in a report to be sent to a meeting
of the federation on Monday night and
then it will be seen what action will be
taken." -
SAVED HER LIFE ONOE.
Thirty Years After They Met and Were
Married.
A romantic marriage occurred in At
lanta on Sunday afternoon, the parties to
it being H. F. Bailey of Jackson, : Miss.*,
and Miss Hodges of Virginia. Mr. Bailey
is somewhat past 50 years of age, and the
bride about 30. '/'-A * '
The couple first met during the war,
when Miss Hodges was a baby. It hap
pened when the Northern soldiers ap
proached Jackson, Miss. The parents of
Miss Hodges resided there at that tipie,
and when the grand rush to avoid the
Yankees was made, Mr. Bailey, then /a
Confederate soldier, secured a wagon and
moved the Hodges famiiy. In the hurry
and excitement the little girl was forgot
ten, and she was riot missed until the fam
ily had gone several miles.
Mr. Bailey volunteered to go back and
find her, which he did. The child was
found in the road, near/her home, crying.
Mr. Bailey carried her to her parents.
Soon after that Mr. Hodges moved with
his family to Virginia, and Mr. Bailey saw
them no more for thirty years. - '■-■■■. -." :
Last year his wife died, and it occurred
to him to look up his old friends and see
what had become of the little girl whom
he had saved from the invaders in the long
ago. He went to Virginia and found her
teaching school. They corresponded and
agreed to meet at Atlanta during the fair
and be married.— Baltimore Sun. "
During 1894 3315 patents relating to
electricity were granted in Great Britain,
the United States and Germany. Of. these
1130 were British, ; being one-twentieth of
all British patents; '1704 were American
and 431 were German. V
MAY FREELY LIE ON OATH
Justice of the Peace Cook Cries
Out Against a Flood of
Perjury.
SAYS WOMEN ARE THE WORST.
Wants a Stenographer to Catch People
Who Daily and Cheerfully
Swear to Lies.
Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook wants
some way to check the torrent of perjured
testimony that he says flows through his
temple of justice where the amounts due
on the furniture, the complications of the
board bill and so on are settled day by day.
Justice Cook says that the perjnry com
mitted constantly in his court is some
thing frightful. He declares, though, that
it is no worse in his court than in any
of the other Justices' courts, though it is
a little worse in the Justices' courts than
in the higher courts.. ,
This is quite interesting. It la pretty
well known though by everybody that the
small army of people who go into the
courts every day, hold up a hand while the
clerk says, "Yoii' solemnly swear tell
truth whole truth nothing but th' truth
s'hclp you God what's your name," and
then take the stand, do often aver the
things that are not with cheerful readi
n ess. It is an everyday fact not often com
mented on.
Justice Cook's outburst is interesting be
cause it asserts what few people take the
trouble to assert, because it declares that
the daily output of perjury is alarm
ing, and because he proposes a partial
remedy. It is also interesting because
Justice Cook declares that women are
more ready perjurers than men.
"It's something fearful, the perjury
here, and all the Justices will tell you the
same," he declared again yesterday as
a newly wedded pair reached the corri
dor. "I never saw so much perjury any
where as in the courts of San Francisco.
It's frightful. I know every day that
people are swearing falsely, for they swear
each other clear out of court. One says
'yes' and the other 'no.' So many people
seem to have no conception of the value
of an oath. I was born and I practiced in
England, where they are more strict than
they are here, and I can't get used to it.
"I have observed always, too, that the
women are the worst of all. They seeta to
think that they can take advantage of
their position and swear to anything. It's
either that or some strange difference be
tween the sexes. Of course, I am not re
ferring to all women. I am comparing
women* who swear falsely to men who
swear falsely. A great many women
are called to the witness stand in
the Justices' courts owing to the
nature of the litigation. A large pro
portion of our cases are boarding-house
cases, where furniture or bills are involved.
If a man who runs a lodging-house is sued
Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook.
[From a photograph.]
the wife will generally be on hand to swear
that it's all hers, and soon. The women
are better liars than men on the stand,
too. A cross-examining attorney can't
catch or mix up a woman as a rule as
easily as he can a man. When a woman
is lying she will stick to what she swears
to. A man more often makes a fool of
himself on the stand. A man more often
displays a little conscience when he is try
ing to help out a case. I may have pecu
liar ideas about women, but according to
my ideas when a woman is bad she is bad
all over. She ought'to be the moral edu
cator of man, and when she forgets herself
and her position I have no use for her.
"This perjury is worse in the Jus
tices' courts than in the higher
courts, because people think they have
greater liberty. The only way to check
it is to give the Justices' courts
shorthand reporters. I hardly try a case
without there being perjury in it, and if I
had shorthand reports of the testimony I
could convict half these people. ' I could
indict them then. As it is, I cannot swear
to the words a witness has used, and I have
to let it go and content myself witfi decid
ing according to my judgment of the evi
dence. A shorth-hand reporter is badly
needed in every Justices' court. My idea
is, that it would not cost so much if they
would give us clerks who could write short
hand."
That was what Justice Cook had to say
yesterday about perjury, as he has found it,
and the need of stenographers in the Jus
tices' courts. 7
The First I.og Cabin in Kentucky.
' The flourishing little city of Harrods
burg, the county seat of Mercer County,
was scene in the latter part of the
last century of some very exciting
episodes in" the history ■ of the early
settlers in .the young State. On
June 16, 1774, Captain James Harrod of
Virginia, who had brought a party of set
tlers to the new country, laid off a town
site at Big Spring Camp, where they had
erected the ■ first cabin ever built in Ken
tucky. They allotted to each man a half
acre lot and a ten-acre out lot. The
town's first ■ name was ;Harrodstown, but
later this was changed to Harrodsburg. A
clearing was made in the east end of the
town boundary; and here it was that John
Harm an planted and raised the first corn
that was known to have been grown in the
State. Only a few weeks after this auspi
cious beginning of the 7 town's: promoters
four of Harrod's men were ambushed by
Indians. Jared Cowan was killed. ; The
other men escaped, only one of them being
injured. — Louisvilje Post.
;___'■ " ';' NEW TO - D AY-DRY GOODS.
TO-DAY'S TRADE!
As samples of the CROWD-BRINGING BARGAINS that are
making our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE the most
successful of any sale San Francisco has ever known we present a
variety of lines that are TO BE CLEARED OUT TO-DAY
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE I
ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE.
At SS Cents.
2500 yards 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE, in green, gray, bronze,
dahlia and mahogany, extra good value for 50c, will be placed on sale this day at
1.5c a yard. /T'//' :/7-/ 'A%-y-/p,p,
BLACK STORM SERGE.
At SO Cents. A
800 yards 54-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, extra good value for 86c,
will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
BLACK FIGURED SATIN.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
1500 yards BLACK FIGURED SATIN, in small and medium designs, marked dowtt
from $1 to 75c a yard.
GLOVE'S! "GLOVES !
At 35 Cents.
1800 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES (genuine Foster hooks), in colors and
black, former price $1, will be placed on sale at 35c a pair.
LADIES' WAISTS.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped flannel, box-plaited front, regular price SI.
will be offered at 50c each. '
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of fancy striped and figured flannel, sailo*
collar, regular price $1 25, will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S SOCKS.
At 1 0 Cents.
100 dozen MEN'S HEAVY UNDYED SANITARY MERINO SOCKB, full finished,
with double spliced heels and toes, regular price $3 a dozen, will be closed out at j
10c a pair. I
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 10. Cents Eaoh.
136 dozen LADIES' ALL-LINEN HEMSTITCHED INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS,
regular price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c each,
hosiery! - HOSIERY !
At IO Cents a Pair.
90 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, high spliced heels and toes, assorted slate colors
warranted fast, worth $3 per dozen, will be closed out at 10c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Fair.
120 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RJBBED REAL FRENCH COTTON HOSE, double
heels and toes, warranted fast black, worth $6 per dozen, will be closed out at 25c a
pair, all sizes.
PLUSH CAPES.
At 47.50.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with twilled silk, collar and fronts edged
with ThiWet fur, worth $12 50, will be closed out at $7 50 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of fine qualitv sealette, upper cape trimmed with "band
of jet and edeed with marten fur; also Double Capes of sealette, with upper cape
edged with Thibet fur; worth $17 50, will bo closed out at $10 each.
FANCY TINSEL TABLE SCARFS.
At 25 Cents.
FANCY TINSEL TABLE SCARFS, with fringe ends, value 50c, will be closed out at
25c each.
At 35 Cents.
FANCY TINSEL MANTEL AND TABLE SCARFS, value 60c, will be closed out at
35c each.
PICTURE FRAMES.
At 1 0 Cents.
FANCY PLUSH AND IMITATION PICTURE FRAMES, value 25c, will be closed
out at 10c each.
CHILDREN'S BOOKS.
At io Cents.
CHILDREN'S ILLUSTRATED STORY BOOKS, value 25c, will be closed out at 10c
RUBBER GOSSAMERS.
At 85 Cents.
LADIES' RUBBER GOSSAMERS, in circulars and connemaras, value SI 50 will be
closed out at 25c each. * *
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' CLOTH RAGLANS AND CONNEMARAS, value $2 50, will be Closed out
at 50c eacb. * v "
— "^— — — — — ~ i— ii i i,i^-—»_---_--i
/^ffTw^^ murphy BUILDING* /
(/(/ Mi Street corner Jus, /
»Aisa- ¥»n.a.3\rcieco.
:■: , -w*^.
jtw/ CLIMBING
$/ <30/f Fc-r 42 years the sale
MX-' ' ~7y °* Standard Shirts has
£W 'P^S eadiiy Increased: 500 i
/yii .■ ' r // s an Francisco men, wo- j
kt -_ »~_ / '/ ■ 'men and girls employed
A// £0// — your own people. Make
A' v ~* *-{/ It. 1000 by asking your j
ff/y.^ t-. _ . yy • dealer for tie:".
K^T-va.// NEUSTADTER BROS.. |
Elj's Cream Balii^^^ 1
Cleanses the Nasal &&ss: ' CT Hhhfl
Passages, Allays Pain Vhx!W'£ .«!?. /**s
and Inflammation. *^ la A*&SgJ&
Restores the .senses of ke*, '• -'<y'3'„RvB
Taste. and Smell. M^__^ '***¥ _P?I
Heals the Sores. '^^\ i-<T§l«i
mf&3 _— -^$^>P&xM
Apply .'.aim Into each nostril {Sa.*C^ >^3»9_ I
ELY -JROS,d6YVarrsn st.N.Y wy\y > l«"' 1 '"'^gj J
"BETTER WORK WISELY THAN WORK HARD."
GREAT EFFORTS ARE UNNECESSARY IN
HOUSE CLEANING IF YOU USE
aggf.
■
Coke! Coke! Coke! 1
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. Mcdonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
. 400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
I have on hand a large quantity of 8. F. Gas-
light Co.'s and Paclfiic Gas Improvement Co.'s
Coke, which 1 am selling at a very low rate. This
Coke is suitable for Urates, Furnaces, Laundry and
Family use. .
I am also a direct Importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of Patent Coke, which I am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining Companies and the trade la lots from 1
ton to 1000 tons. -
Country orders solicited. City orders delivered
with promptness.
Will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 26 years In tha
business.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
— —OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
I■. . ' M
910
FATHER YOKE TO
REV. MR. WENDTE.
Continues to Point Out Al
leged Fatal Fal
lacies.
AUTHORITIES QUOTED.
The Catholic Champion Argues
at Length in Support of
His Faith.
MR. HITTELL GIVES THANKS.
The Historian Grows Sarcastic in
Responding to Father Yorke's
Recent Letter.
The following communication from Rev.
Father Yorke, addressed to The Call, is
the latest contribution to the controversy:
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: On the
principle that open confession is good for the
toul— the other fellow's soul— Dr. Wendte has
devoted the introduction of his last letter to
an enumeration of my high crimes and misde
meanors, lie informs the public that "I blus
ter, bully and bluff." lam surprised that he
drew the line at the equally alliterative "bull
doze." He is under the impression that lam
indulging "■'• a series of wild warwhoops, in
order to drive him out of the controversy. Dr.
"Wendte should be consistent. A few days ago
he announced that he was about to retire out
of pity for the Church of Rome, now it would
appear that he is about to retire out of pity for
himself.
Let me state, Mr. Editor, in the very be
ginning that I regret that Dr. Wendte seems
pained at the tone of my letter. ' If I have said
anything to him unjustified by the facts I am
sorry for it. If I have used words which have
hurt his feelings I hereby apologize. I have
carefully read what I have already written
and 1 am unable to see wherein I have of
fended. Perhaps, however. Dr. Wendte has
not yet learned that for those who would
travel the rocky road of controversy there are
no pnuematic tires.
CONCERNING MR. HITTHI.T..
Dr. Wendte seems to be sore that I have
ppoken so severely of Mr. Hlttell. I assure
him that I did net do so without much deliber
ation. I have given Mr. Hittell's book thor
ough and conscientious study. I have been
careful to look up nearly all his references and
I am convinced that he not only misinter
prets history through ignorance but through
malice.
In order to keep what I had to say out of Dr.
Wendte's controversy I put it in a separate
letter. If ever a humbug deserved exposure
that humbug is John S. Hittell. Dr. Wendte's
hump of benevolence must be of exceeding
bigness when he can defend a man who has
placed him in such an unenviable position.
MISREPRESENTATION*.
Whether intentionally or not, Dr. Wendte
has contrived to misrepresent me twice in as
many paragraphs. He first accuses me of
sneering at cooks and tailors. . I do not imag
ine that the cooks and tailors have interpreted
my words in such fashion. I did not introduce
••ooks and waiters into a theological discussion,
Dr. Wendte did. He brought them forward in
the first place as a cheap argument against
Catholicism. '
He addressed his highly cultured congrega
tion, and with his face joyful with the oil of
Protestant scholarship he cried out: "Behold
how I condemn this representative of achurch
of hod-carriers out of the mouths of cooks and
tailois." When with righteous indignation he
protested against this method of argumenta
tion, he cries out that I am sneering at the
"humble folk who make up the larger part of
the Roman Catholic congregation throughout
the country." Let me now inform Dr. Wendte
that the Roman Catholic congregation
throughout the country can, in intelligence,
in worldly goods, in social station compare with
Protestant or Unitarian congregations.
Let me say that those whom he contemptu
ously denominates as plain people have often
more . brains in their little fingers than those
have in their whole body who gather in cush
ioned pews to admire Dr. Wendte, to drink tea
and to .talk twaddle. There are no "humble
folk" in the Catholic church. Before God's
altar the cook and the tailor are great and
as high as the multi-millionaire. -The cook
and the tailor have built our churches, and
they are able to support them. too. lam sur
prised that a defender of the American system
of government should so far forget himself as
to speak of the men and women of "humble
estate." There is no "humble estate" in the
Catholic church or in the American constitu
tion. Before our God all men are on a level as
before the law all men are equal.
AEi.'l'T REFERENCES.
Dr. Wendte's second misrepresentation con
sists in the statement that I have found it im
possible to verify the references to original
hources, because 1 could not gain admission to
Mayor Sutro's library. Let me remind Dr.
Wendte that as there were kings before Aga
memnon, so there were libraries before Mayor
Sutro's. I went to Mayor Sutro's. library sim
ply because Dr. Wendte mentioned it, and be
cause it is in the next block. When I discov
ered that I could not get in I knew half a dozen
libraries where I could find what I wanted and
where I or any gentleman would be made wel
come without the formality of an official permit.
As a matter of fact the difficulty of verifying
quotations is not so great as Dr. Wendte im
agines. Even among the Philistines on this
uncultured side of the bay there are many
magnificent collections of authorities. lam
sure that the Athens of the Pacific and the
University of Califoania are not surpassed in
this respect by a mere money grubbing em
porium. I fear the difficulty in the matter
arises altogether from the sad but sufficient
fact that as in the case of Sairey Gamp's
friend, Mrs. Harris, there ain't no such quota
tions.
As to the amount of time required to verify
references evidently Dr. Wendte exaggerates
the extent of a work to which he is unac
customed. Of course, the labor itself la a
nuisance, but under proper conditions it is
gone through rapidly enough, Including the
time spent in streetcars it took me a little
over three hours to look up all those contained
in his first letter, and more than half of this
time was occupied in hunting for an allocution
that was never delivered. His references this
morning I was able to verify before breakfast.
Of course, it may be one of the methods of
"Protestant scholarship" to waste much time
over nothing, but ordinary, unlettered Papists
find they can get through very quickly when
they know where to look. ...
LITERARY ETniCS.
Here I may again remark that Dr. Wendte
does not seem to realize the peculiar position
in which his methods of arguing have placed
him. He has given his authorities at second
and third hand and he has not taken the
trouble to discover whether these authorities
were correctly cited or not. If in the ordinary
affairs of life a man repeats the idle tales which
come to his ears sensible people put him down
as an irresponsible gossip. When these tales
contain serious charges and seriously affect
the character of others the repetition ofthem
Is known by a harder name. The just" man
believes that it is his duty to examine into the
truth of a serious accusation before he makes! t.
No one considers it sufficient excuse to urge
that the examination is difficult or that it will
be made later on. We are not bound to chal
lenge the good name of our neighbor, but- if
we take the task on ourselves we are bound in
the very beginning to be sure of our facts. Dr.
endte does not think that he owes this Chris
tian caution to himself or to us when he is
dealing with Catholics. He back's up his
charges with arguments drawn from Catholic
writers and he promises "to gratify us soon"
with the information whether Catholic writers
ever used these words or not. Dr. Wendte's
scholarly and judicial plan is to hang us first
and try us afterward.
If in describing the manner of acting I have
used strong language I think the fair-minded
American public will agree that I have
received provocation. If 1 should in these
letters make a false quotation or ascribe on
false testimony opinions to men which they
repudiate I would be ashamed to appear before
the people without a humble apology, The
meanest thing that crawls upon the earth has
aright to justice. Is it only in controversy
which is carried on in the name of religion
that justice may be flouted? Dr. Wendte
admits that in at least one case I have dis
proved an authority which he cited. 1 remark
that he has not penned a syllable to show that
he regrets having circulated the forgery.
PROTESTANT SCHOLARSHIP.
Dr. Wendte is strong on Protestant scholar
ship. He declares tbat all Protestant, writers
are learned, judicial, fair and accurate. It
makes no difference whether, like Gladstone,
they spring Into. the arena, smarting after
political defeat, and proceed to luy.the lash
on the shoulders of those they blame for their
fall. Because they are Protestants they are
just. It does i not matter whether, like Bis
marck, they would rule by blood and iron, and
find the only obstacle to their despotism in a
courageous minority who believe in liberty of
conscience and in freedom of speech, they and
all their parasites are pre-eminently fair.
it does not matter whether, like Doellinger,
they conceive their talents slighted and their
hobbles attacked, because they pitch into the
Pope they are marvelously accurate. ..Charity
covers a multitude of sins, but Protestantism,
In addition, infuses all the virtues and all the
sciences. To be a Catholic is to be cunning,
unfair, illiterate, stupid and untrustworthy.
Surely this Is an exceedingly comfortable doc
trine "for those who are on the Protestant side of
the argument, but how does it appear to the un
prejudiced looker-on?
When one undertakes to prove that the
teachings of any society are of a certain char
acter legitimate ratiocination requires that
these teachings be produced in tho words in
which the society clothes them and that they
be explained in the sense in which the society
uses them. Hence, when giving Catholic doc
trine, Dr. Wendte should have appealed to
Catholic authorities who were engaged in
writing briefs against Catholicism. Above all
things lie should be careful not to detach sen
tences from their context nor to stop short be
fore an explanation -which puts an entirely
different construction on the preceding words.
Yet lam sorry to state that this Is precisely
what Dr. Wendte has done— not once or twice,
but many times. '■ -p.P,
A PECULIAR OMISSION.
in his quotation from the encyclical of Pope
Leo XIII he employed this ingenious device in
order to allow the patriotic imagination to run
riot among the racks, thumbscrews and autos
da fe with which he filled up the vacuum.
15 shop Gilmour's pastoral he treated in like
manner in order to make that prelate express
opinions he abhorred as much as does Dr.
Wendte. To-day 1 find him pursuing the same
tactics with Father Jouin in order to prove
that the young Catholics of California are
taught in our schools that the church claims
temporal power over the state.
After enunciating the truism that the laws
of the state must be founded on the eternal
law of right and justice, Jouin says that in this
sense the church is above the state. I shall be
very much surprised If -Dr. Wendte or any
Protestant denies this. The state is not the
originator of the moral law. That law existed
before there was ever a state, and will exist
when States are no more. Against this law
the laws of the civil power have no effect. All
the acts of Congress in the world could not
make murder a virtue or theft guiltless. Does
Dr. Wendte think otherwise? Why cannot the
state change the nature of good and evil. For
the simple reason that the moral law which
murks the boundary of good and evil is higher
than the state.
Whether this law is manifested through the
individual conscience or through the organized
conscience known as the church, the fact re
mains the same. Does Dr. Wendte consider
that the state can command him to lie? Hit did
so he would refuse to obey. The only reason
that he could offer is that his conscience is su
perior to the state and that he must obey God
rather than man. Is it logical to conclude,
therefore, that Dr. Wendte considers that he has
supreme power over the civil government?
But Dr. Wendte will not allow Catholics what
he would claim for himself. If he appeals to
the "higher law" it is American patriotism. If
we appeal to the "higher law" we are seeking
after temporal power. This conclusion he
must enforce right or wrong; and behold how
he does it.
j JOUIN".
' "So fears need be en
tertained that the church
ever will encroach upon
the rights of the state
and curtail its authority,
because, not being a hu
man institution, she is
guided by the Koly
Ghost. If any of the
local authorities of the
church presume to inter
fere unduly with the
rights of the state the
Pope will ever be ready
to restrain their ambi
tion. Moreover, the
church wields a spiritual
power only; she hss not,
as the state has, material
power at her disposal,"
letc.
WEXDTE.
•'_N o fears need be en
tertained bat the church
ever will encroach upon
the rights of the state
and curtail Its authority,
because, not being a hu
man institution, she Is
guided by the Holy
Ghost.
"This Is the doctrine
concerning the state now
taught," etc.
Let me ask Dr. Wendte is this fair. Is his case
so bad that he must suppress the truth? His
thesis is that the church is superior to the
state in temporal thing's. Why did he leave
out the words ".Moreover the church wields a
spiritual power only." This is the very point
I have been insisting on all along. Why did
Dr. Wendte suppress it? Is this Protestant
scholarship? Is this American fairness? I call
on Protestants and Americans to judge be
tween Dr. Wendte and us.
HERR Vo*>* TEt'FEI.SDJ-OEKH.
Dr. Wendte calls in an eminent friend of his
to give testimony against the church, Baron
yon Holtzendorff. This shows by the wav that
Dr. Wendte can lay the whole world "under
contribution and back up the oral testimony
of his cook by the autograph of a baron. Dr.
Wendte, however, conceals the fact that this
professor with the unmanageable name was
one of the bitterest opponents of Catholicism
during the Bismarckian persecutions and that
his opinion is as free from bias as the opinion
of a butcher trying a sheep for its life.
It may be well just here to give a short
sketch of the Falck laws which Dr. Wendte evi
dently approves as just and satisfactory
arrangements between the church and the
state. .- ..• ..... •-iy-
In the year 1849 the fifteenth article of the
German constitution affirmed that "Every
religious society shall order and manage its
own affairs independently, but shall remain
subject to the general power of the state."
Such was the law until 1872. Under it Catho
lics were peaceful and loyal to the state. They
served it in peace, they fought for it in war.
They helped to found the empire in their
blood.
Yet this blood was hardly dry before Bis
marck charged them with disloyally and con
spiracy. He never produced a particle of evi
dence, yet he rushed through the Legislature
bills which broke the old constitution in
pieces and subjected the church to an intoler
able slavery. Among other provisions the new
laws banished the religious orders, made gov
ernment consent necessary to the nomination
of a parish priest; fined and imprisoned
Bishops for the exercise of their spiritual
office; subjected to the state the education of
the clergy, even to the examination for orders,
and established a final tribunal of ecclesias
tical appeal in Berlin. Let Americans consider
what this means. The church was to be turned
into a department of the civil service.
Not a pastor could be appointed to a congre
gation unless he had a political pull. Not a
candidate for orders could hope to realize the
object of his ambition unless he went through
the German sausage machine. And yet on
shores of the Pacific at the end of the nine
teenth century an apostle of sweetness and
light faces the American people and glorifies
this brutal despotism. lam ashamed of you,
Dr. Wendte. 1 thought that as a lover of lib
erty your sympathies would rather De with the
confessors of the faith who endured exile and
imprisonment rather than bend their necks to
such a yoke. I thought that every freemen
would in spirit take his stand with Windthorst
and his gallant band who fought the man of
blood and iron and who sent him to Canossa.
The German Catholics triumphed in the
fight because they had justice and the eternal
decrees of the God of liberty on their side. It
is sad that an American citizen should be so
blinded with prejudice as to refuse honor to
men who rightly struggled to be free.
THE ORIGIN OF THE FAI.CK LAWS.
Contrary to what Dr. Wendte insinuates and
his baronial friend openly states, the persecu-
lon was not occasioned by the action of the
church. The persecution was caused by the
desire of Bismarck to turn the Catholic or
ganization into a political machine. Dr. Fried
berg, professor of law at Leipsic and one of the
chief advisers of the Government, together
with Dr. Wendte's friend Yon Holzendorff, let
out the scheme. The fact was that as long as
the church was separated from the state, that
is, up to 1872, she had grown too powerful.
As Bishop yon Kettler says, "The .true reason
of all those measures aimed against the lawful
rights of the church is that the spiritual power
of the church is based upon the foundation of
freedom." W*Sfß& a 9&**o&*w- a fc
Friedberg has well said that if the church
was separated from the state it would become
too united to the people. He instanced the
United States, and with Teutonic frankness de
clared. "The whole question has become one
of main force and the state must go so far as
to deprive the church of her influence over
the people in order that its own power may
be firmly established." :
Yon Holzendorff said of the Protestant
church in his Year Book of the German Em
pire (p. 478. Lelpslc, 1872): "It has no intel
lectual unity, because a shortsighted orthodoxy
has sown and fostered indifference toward the
chuich, and also from the fact that the Pro
testant church did not create a constitution
suited to its own spirit. Who could count
upon the High Consistory of the court of Ber
lin outliving for a day. the separation of the
church from the -state? or that the fiercest
party strife would not break It up into sects?
But what an opportunity for the impact mass
of the Catholic church as opposed to these
dismembered elements." . \ :
From which we learn that the Falck laws
and Dr. Wendte's friends
First— Were opposed to the separation of
church and state.
Second— Because if the . Protestant church
were separated from the state it would fall to
pieces and the Catholics would get the lion's
share of the fragments.
Third— Because as long as the Catholic
church is free as In the United States it Is the
church of the people.
Fourth— Therefore, in order to turn it into a
political engine it must be brought under
Government control.: vv }
These were the motives which inspired the
Msy laws. These we the principles which are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
admired by our defender of Americanism.
These be thy Gods, O Israel. 7 7*
AT. ': '■ THE BULL UN AM BAKCTAM. .
Dr. Wendte imagines that he has an infallible
argument against Catholics in the bull Unam
Sanctam. It will be easy to show that there is
not a principle in that bull which is opposed
to the constitution of the United States and to
American jurisprudence. First, let us see
see what Dr. Weudte says:
But now, to gratify, the oft-repeated request of
our friend. Chancellor Yorke, I will cite none but
Catholic witnesses to establish what follows:
I observe that his denials of mv citations from
Popes do not Include Pope Boniface's famous, or
infamous, bull. Guam Sanctum Ecclesiam of No
vember 18, 1302. In this he asserted ihat Christ
had subjected the whole human race to the author
ity of the Roman Pontiff; that Christ had granted
a twofold power to his church, the spiritual and
the temporal sword, and that the temporal sword
weilded by the monarch was .borne only at the will
and by the permission of the Pontiff, and that the
latter bad the right to expel the king and absolve
his subjects from their allegiance. 'v.. v •.:,_ *.
I did not deny the authenticity of the bull
because, unlike Dr. Wendte, I make no asser
tions or denials until I have studied the mat
ter thoroughly and know of my own knowl
edge Vf hereof I speak. The Bull I'nam Sanctam
is an authoritative document and it defines
the relations of the spiritual and civil powers.
As to Dr. Wendte's summary of its contents, I
wish to say that it is both misleading and • un
true. ■ . - , . '■-:■ ..y P.-
First— definition contained in the bull,
or that part which is summed up in the sen
tence: "Moreover, we declare, affirm, define
and pronounce it to be necessary to salvation
for every human creature to be subject to the
Roman Pontiff."
The meaning of this definition is that the
Roman Pontiff is the head of the church, and
that "out of the church there is no salvation."
Any one who knows the church to be the true
church and does not join it is disobeying
what he knows to be the will of God. The Pope
has spiritual authority over this church and to
that spiritual authority God wishes all men to
be subject.
Second— That the Pope in speaking of spirit
uarauthority is clear from the distinction he
makes between the two swords, the spiritual
and the temporal. Among the writers of the
Middle Ages the word sword was used as a
synonym for power or authority. The United
States constitution makes the • same distinc
tion, and, by refusing to interfere with re
ligion, acknowledges that the temporal sword
and the spiritual sword are separate and dis
tinct.
Third— Boniface did not say that Christ had
granted the spiritual and the temnoral sword
to the Pope. He says that "both swords are in
the power of the church." The spiritual
sword is to be used by the church, the tem
poral sword by civil rulers on behalf of the
church.
4. Boniface wrote at a time when Europe
was all Catholic. There was but one society.
This society had a twofold aspect. As a tem
poral society it was the empire, as a religious
society it was the church. The body of men
who formed the State and the body of men
who formed the church were identical. Hence
when Boniface says that temporal and spir
itual authority were in the power of this body
of men he but enunciated a fact, a truism.
The same thing is true of America to-day. One
can well say that the two swords are
In the power of the United States. The body
of men who use the temporal sword is pre
cisely the same as the body of men who in va
rious manners use the spiritual sword. In the
Middle Ages the figure was more striking, be
cause then the: people all believed in one au
thority, and the spiritual power was not di
vided up as with us.
5. But these two swords are in different
hands. One is used by the church, the other
by the state in behalf of the church. In these
United States the spiritual power is wielded by
the church or the churches. The temporal
power is used by the state in behalf of the
church. Every law, every ordinance which
makes for morality is the civil sword nsed in be
half of the church. Moreover, the state protects
every church, assures it liberty, peace and pro
tection. Still more intimately is the sword used
in behalf of the church when the courts en
force the rules and regulations of each
eccclesiastical society. "if a member of Dr.
Wendte's congregation should transgress the
by-laws or ordinances made and provided the
civil sword will be used in behalf of the con
gregation and the offender will be compelled
to submit or get out. If Dr. Wendte found any
one infringing his clerical rights and the
rights of his church he would not hesitate to
call on the temporal sword, which would be
used at his bidding and at his sufferance.
G. Boniface does not say that the temporal
sword is borne only at the will and by permis
sion of the Pontiff. He says that the spiritual
sword is wielded by the hand of the priest and
the temporal sword by the hand ol kings and
soldiers in behalf of the church at the sugges
tion and sufferance of the priest. This signifies
that civil authority must be guided by the
higher law. In the middle ages the
only exponent of • that law was the
priest and the word "priest" was therefore
used as a synonym for the "moral order"
just as the word sword was used as a synonym
for the civil or ecclesiastical authority." - When;
therefore, it is said that the sword is 'issued at
the suggestion and sufferance of the priest, it
means that the civil authority is not free to
violate the law of God and to run contrary to
morality. The "suggestion" of the priest
is the moral order prescribing the
enforcement of certain rules of con
duct. The "sufferance of the priest"
is the moral saying thus far shalt thou go
and no further. The jurisprudence of the
United States is built on this principle. The
temporal sword is borne at the suggestion of
the "priest," because all our laws are founded
on what is known as Christian morality. We
do not legalize polygamy or the exposure of
children as some states do, because' "the suffer
ance of the priest" does not extend that far.
In this regard as in other matters the power of
the temporal sword is restrained and why?
Simply because the "spiritual sword," the
"public conscience," the "priest" or whatever
you wish to call the "higher law" will not
grant its sufferance.
DOEI-LINGER'S TESTIMONY.
That this is the true explanation of the bull
Unam Sanctam is the teaching of Catholic
theologians. Even Doeliinger, whom Dr.
Wendte recognizes as an authority, and whose
interest it would be to interpret the bull
against the Pope, confesses as much. At the
risk of unduly extending this letter, I copy the
extract in full.
Boniface opened the council, at which were
present from France four archbishops, thirty
live bishops and six abbots, in November,
1302. One consequence of this council ap
pears to have been the celebrated decretal
Unam Sanctum, which was made on the 18th
of November and which contains an exposi
tion of the relations between the spiritual and
temporal powers. In the church, it says,
there are two powers, a temporal and spirit
ual, and as far as they are both in the church
they have both the same end. The temporal
power, the inferior, is subject to the spirit
ual, the higher and more noble; the former
must be guided and directed by the latter, as
the body is by the soul. It receives from the
spiritual its consecration and its direction to
its highest objects, and must, therefore, should
it ever depart from its destined path, be cor
rected by the spiritual power. It is a truth of
faith that all men, even kings, are subject to
the Pope; if, therefore, they should be guilty
of grievous sins, in peace or in war, or in the
government of their kingdoms and the treat
ment of their subjects, and should thus lose
sight of the object to which the power of, a
Christian prince should be directed, and should
give public scandal to tho people, the
Pope can admonish them, since in regard to
sin they are subject to the spiritual power; he
can correct them and, if necessity should re
quire it, compel them by censures to remove
such scandals. For if they were not subject to
the censures of the church, whenever they
might sin in the exercise of the power en
trusted to them, it would follow that, as
kings, they were out of the church; that the
two powers , would be totally distinct . from
each other, and that they were descended
from distinct and even opposed principles,
which would an error approaching to
the heresy of the Manichees. It was,
therefore, the indirect power of the
church over the temporal power of
kings which the Pope defended in these bulls
and he had designedly extracted the strongest
passages of them from the writings of two
French theologians, St. Bernard and Hugo of
St. Victor."
Let it be always well understood that this in
direct power claimed for the Pope is purely a
spiritual power and that its temporal effects
arose irom the peculiar conditions of the Mid
dle Ages. It is precisely the same power which
every preacher claims for himself when he
denounces Supervisors or excoriates legisla
tors. That it had such far-reaching results in
the Middle Ages arose from the constitution of
the States at that period, not from the nature of
the power itself.
THE JESUITS.
Dr. Wendte cannot resist having a blow at
the Jesuits. With this portion of my letter I
must be very brief. I have, already exceeded
all limits. He says:
But Father Yorke, avoiding the Issue, tells us
that the Jesuits were advocates of popular rights
and upheld the, people against the King— so Bel
larmine, Suarez, Muriuuua and others. True, and
why. Because, as Dr. Francis Lieber tells us in
his work on political ethics, the Jesuits were
eager to secure the de] o .Ition of Protestant Queen
Elizabeth from the English throne and of Henry
111 from that of France. . Hence they, taught that
disloyalty to a Prince after he had been excommu
nicated wns a duty. They further taught that to
murder him (regicide) was allowable.- (See among
others Saves Def, Fidel Catholical llb.B. C.4, col.
1614.) But Bellarmine is careful to maintain that
the Pope Is superior to all; to church councils and
the monarchy. If religion requires It he may de
pose a king. (See his De Condi lorim Automate,
C. 17; also his De Romans Pontfflco, V. 8.) It was
not love of popular liberties, which the church has
always dreaded and opposed, but hatred of hereti
cal kings which made the Jesuits advocate the
cause of the people against their monarch. heir
teaching bore Its legitimate fruits in the assassina
tion of Henry 111, Henry. IV and William of
Orange at the instigation of the priesthood.
. Why did not Dr. Wendte quote Mr. Ilubbell
of Jacksonville as well as Dr. Francis Lieber?
Oae is about __ unprejudiced w the other. X
. : .__..*.- '.■■-. -I y'yp '■:-■■ i
beg to state now that I have examined Dr.
v\ endte's references and that I can assert that
neither Bellarmine or Suarez held that regi
cide was lawful. There is not a solitary syl
lable in the places quoted referring to that
crime. This is an extremely grave charge,
and I call on Dr. Wendte to substantiate by
quoting the passages on which he bases his as
sertion.
. Moreover, I now state that neither Bellar
mine or Suarez claims for the Pope anything
but a spiritual power and in the sense in which
I have explained it in these letters.
Finally, I Indignantly deny that the assas
sination of the princes mentioned was the
result of Jesuit teaching, or that they were
instigated by the priesthood. This is another
grave charge. I challenge him to produce his
proofs.
To-morrow I will examine the remaining
portions of Dr. Wendte's letter, namely, the
persecution of heretics and the syllabus. In
conclusion let me answer Dr. Wendte's ques
tion, "Can a man be a loyal, consistent Catho
lic and a good citizen?" I reply unhesitat
juglj'f yes. The constitution and laws of these
United States I have sworn to uphold, and I
would uphold them against any Pope. There
by I am not a traitor to my ecclesiastical
vows. ;v
There is nothing, as I have said again and
again, in American principles which conflicts
with my creed. In fact, I believe that Catholi
cism is the only religion which in its respect
for. authority, in its orderly liberty, in its
democratic organization, comes nearest the
ideal church for this ideal republic.
Sow, will Dr. Wendte be as frank with me
and say what he would do if a state came in
conflict with his church? Yours truly, .;•
P. C. Yorke.
WENDTE TO YORKE.
The Unitarian Clergyman Con-
tlnues His Rejoinder to the
Priest's Reply.
Rev. Charles W. Wendte, continuing his
rejoinder in yesterday's Examiner to the
reply of the Rev. Father Yorke to bis
paper on the relation of the Catholic
church to temporal government, says,
after denying that Father Yorke has been
able to disprove more than one of the au
thorities cited in previous papers:
But it may be asked, "If you must often
quote from secondary sources, why not from
Roman Catholic books- rather than Protes
tant?" I answer, because the former are not
likely to contain anything unfavorable to
their church— at all events, not to make it
prominent. But great Protestant scholars,
who enjoy the freedom of thought, criticism
and utterance which is so largely unknown
where Catholicism is in control, have given
especial attention to these topics and have un
earthed many a valuable testimony from the
huge folios of ecclesiastical literature which
Roman Catholic authors find it "mighty con
venient" for the time being to forget. The
works of Doeliinger, Carl Hase, Lipsius, Zeller,
Bauer, Schankel, Ranke, Gregorovius, Hatch,
Lecky, Gladstone, Milnian and others are
monuments of learning, judicial fairness and
accuracy. What they say they abundantly
establish by proofs and citations. Even Father
Yorke uses their testimony when it suits his
purpose, and of course denies its value when
it does not.
To-day I will cite one more such witness to
show that my statement— the Roman Catholic
Church has always claimed to be a supreme
power over the state— correct. It is the
eminent Baron yon Holtzendorff, late profes
sor of international and civil law at the Ger
man University of Munich. This great author
ity sent me, with an autograph letter which I
cherish, a printed article on "The Prussian
Church Laws." My copy does not so state, but
I think it will be found in the now defunct
International Review, about the year 1871.
Speaking on this very subject at issue, Pro
fessor yon Holtzendorli' says:
"Since the time of Gregory VII, of Innocent
111 and of Bonifacius VIII the cardinal doc
trine of the Roman Catholics has continued to
maintain the supremacy of the papal power,
its preponderance in all matters, even of civil
government, the subjection of kings and em-,
perors under the absolute authority of
priesthood, their liaoility to deposition in
cases of heresy and rebellion against the eter
nal laws of the Christian church The Pope is
the sovereign of the world, the king of kings.
According to the> doctrines of the canon law
there cannot be any sovereign political power,
nor any Individual Independence beyond the
limits assigned by the ecclesiastical power.
The consequence Is that all civil government
must remain under the higher control of the
Pope. Neither the opposition which the spir
itual supremacy had to encounter in the mid
dle ages on the side of the emperors and the
Ghibellines, nor the more powerful revolution
of Protestanism, have been strong enough to
entirely subdue the aspirations of that theoc
racy in Europe. The Popes, it must he remem
bered, have not at all times been acting on
the principle of ecclesiastical supremacy.
"In order to win over to their temporal inter
est the monarchs of Spain. France and Austria
they sometimes receded from their principles.
They could not always escape the necessity of
granting concessions to the temporal power
and of recognizing its equality in their treaties
of alliance or in their concordats. Neverthe
less, and in spite of apparent modesty, the
medieval doctrine has without any interrup
tion been taught as Christian truth in the cler
ical instruction of Roman seminaries and col
leges. However weak in practice the theory
of papal supremacy has been considerably
strengthened since the times of Loyola, and
the doctrine of eternal war to be waged against
the Protestant heresy has been the constant
preaching of Jesuitism, whenever it was ad
mitted to profess its tenets. A new world of
inventions has grown up around us, which we
cannot help seeing, yet the papal doctrine does
either ignore or condemn it.
"At no time whatever has the right of individ
ual liberty and conscience been acknowledged
by the Roman court."
But, now, to gratify the oft-repeated request
of our friend, Chancellor Yorke, 1 will cite
none but Catholic witnesses to establish what
follows.
I observe that his denials of my citations
from Popes do not include Pope Boniface's fa
mous, or infamous, bull, Unam Sanctam Ec
clesiam, of November 18, 1302. In this he
asserted that Christ had subjected the whole
human race to the authority of the Roman
Pontiff; that Christ had granted a twofold
power to his church, the spiritual and the tem
poral sword, and that the temporal sword
wielded by the monarch was borne only at the
will and by the permission of the Pontiff, and
that the latter had the right to expel the king
and absolve his subjects from their allegiance.
As a matter of history we know that Popes
Zacharias, Leo 111, Adrian 11, John VIII, Greg
ory VII, Innocent 111 and others did exercise
the rights enumerated above.
But Father Yorke avoiding this issue tells us
that the Jesuits were advocates of popular
rights and upheld the people against the king
—so Bellarmine, Suarez, Marianna and others.
True, and why? Because, as Dr. Francis Lieber
tells us in his work on political ethics, the
Jesuits were eager to secure the deposition of
Protestant Queen Elizabeth from the English
tnrone, and of Henry 111 from that of France.
Hence they taught that disloyalty to a prince
after he had been excommunicated was a duty.
They further taught that to murder him (regi
cide) was allowable. (See among others Suarez
Def. Fidel Catholical lib. B. C. 4, col. 1614.)
But Bellarmine Is careful to maintain that the
Pope is superior to all, to the church councils
and the monarchy. If religion requires it he
may depose a king. (See his De Conciliorim
Autoritate, C. 17.) ''-■•,
I proceed with my main argument.
On August 15,1832, Pope Gregory XVI is
sued an encyclical letter to the -Catholic
world, in which he lays down clearly and
strongly the true Catholic doctrine, that there
is no salvation out of the Catholic church;
that it is an "insanity" to believe that
freedom of conscience should be granted to
all. He declares that freedom of opinion leads
to the destruction of the state and the church
and destroys the soul, and tbat freedom of the
press is horrible, and cannot be sufficiently
condemned. (He illustrates this by the ex
ample of the Apostle Paul burning the books
of the magicians at Ephesus.)
II Catholicism were triumphant in our land it
is evident that no suchlfree discussion as our
San Francisco newspapers are now offering the
people would be permitted. .
But I cite a still more recent testimony,
which Father Yorke has challenged me to pro
duce. Following his immediate predecessor's
example, on the Bth of December, 1804. and in
the nineteenth year of his pontificate. Pope
Pius IX issued bis famous encyclical letter to
all the Roman Catholic Bishops, and through
them to the church. In this letter nearly all
the achievements which form the glory of
modern society — schools, a free science, a
free press, liberty of conscience and of religious
worship— are indicted by name and con
demned with the anathemas of the church,
and mankind is enjoined under penalty of all
the terrors and disabilities at the command of
the Roman See to bend in penitence at the
footstool of St. Peter.
I will cite those passages from this encyclical
which bear directly upon the subject we are
discussing. I have the Latin original, but give
here a correct translation. Says the infallible
Pope: i -.-:•:.:
"Although we have not omitted often to pro
scribe and reprobate the chief errors of this
kind, yet the cause of the Catholic church, the
salvation of souls divinely committed to us,
and the welfare of human society Itself, alto
gether demand that we again stir up your
pastoral solicitude to overthrow other evil
opinions, which flow from these errors as from
fountains. These false and perverse opinions
**{■*. the more to be detested : because they
chiefly tend to impede and remove that salu
tary-power which, the Catholic church, ac
cording to the institution and commission of
her divine Author, should freely exercise to
the end of time— only over individual men,
but over nations, peoples and their sovereign
rulers; and (tend also) to take away that mu
tual fellowship and concord of counsels be
tween .the priesthood . and the civil govern
ment, which baa ever proved itself propitious
and salutary to religious as well as civil inter
ests. : , 4444:
"For you well know, venerable brethren,
that at this time not few are found, who, ap
plying to civil society the impious and absurd
principle of naturalism, as they call it, dare to
teach, that 'the best interests of public society
and civil progress absolutely require that
human society be constituted and governed
without any regard to religion, as though re
ligion did not exist, or at least without any
discrimination between the true religion and
the false ones.' And they do not hesitate,
against the doctrine of the sacred Scriptures, of
the church, and'of the holy fathers, to assert
that 'that condition of society is the best, in
which the civil power does not recognize the
obligation to coerce by enacted penalties the
violation of the Catholic religion, except so far
as the public peace may require it. ' Proceeding
from this totally false idea of social Govern
ment they do not fear to foster that erro
neous opinion most fatal to the Cath
olic church and to the salvation of souls,
which 'was designated by our predecessor,
Gregory XVI, of recent memory, as insane
nonsense, namely, that 'liberty of conscience
and worship is the personal right of every man,
which ought to be proclaimed by law and as
serted in every rightly constituted society; and
that citizens have an inherent right to the
complete liberty, which must not be restrained
by any ecclesiastical or civil authority, of
openly and publicly manifesting and declaring
any of their thoughts whatever, either in
speech, or in print, or in any other manner.'
But, while they have the temerity to affirm this,
they do not think and consider that they are
preaching the liberty of perdition, and that, 'if
it is always allowed to debate with human per
suasions, there can never be wanting men who
dare- to resist the truth and to put faith in the
loquacity of human wisdom, whereas we know
from the very institution of our Lord Jeeus
Christ, how faith and Christian wisdom must
avoid this most hurtful vanity.' "
In view of what I have said, my original
question is in order— a man be a loyal,
consistent Catholic and a good citizen? Father
Yorke evades this question. To answer in a
frank, direct manner would impale him on the
horns of a dilemma; for if he says, "I would
obey the laws of my country against the
decrees of my Pope," he is a traitor to his ec
clesiastical vows. If he says, "I would be true
to the supreme Pontiff," he stands discredited
as an American citizen. Hence he seeks to
evade the issue, to entangle men in a new dis
cussion about my own course if I were in
Armenia! But we are not in Armenia. We
are in the United States. Again there is no
just parallel between the two cases, as 1 could
easily show. Let Father Yorke answer for him
self. _
As for my reference to Cardinal Newman,
Father Yorke's contention is not with me, but
with Gladstone. Says the latter ("Vaticanism,"
p. 29) : "Statesmen of the future, recollect the
words, and recollect from whom they came;
from the man who by his genius, piety and
learning towers above all the eminences of the
Anglo- communion. The lesson received
is this: Although pledges were given, al
though their validity was firmly and even pas
sionately asserted, although the subject-matter
was one of civil allegiance, 'no pledge from
Catholics was of any value to which Rome was
not a party' (p. 14).
With this I conclude this long, but, I trust,
not ineffective reply.
Chari.es W. Wendte,
Minister Unitarian Church.
THANKS FATHER YORKE.
John Hittell Replies to Criticisms
With Sarcasm.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call :
I thank Father Yorke for proving that I
committed forgery by quoting Doeliinger
correctly, by understanding Doeliinger to
hold Aquinas responsible for the ideas
written by his partner in a book which
the -two composed conjointly, and by
briefly and indirectly asserting that re
sponsibility, which I supposed J. could
assert safely since the idea is one implied
in many passages of the writings of
Aquinas.
I thank him for the furious antics and
frenzied shrieks with which he swings
what he supposes to be my scalp, while I,
putting my hand to the top of my head
and finding it all right, look with astonish
ment at the tableau. V V 7;
I thank him for his impressive illustra
tion of the meekness of the papal religion.
I thank him for his beautiful exemplifi
cation of the gentlemanly spirit dominant
in the strictly disciplined sacerdotal regi
ment of which he is the authorized public
advocate.
I thank him for indicating the weakness
of his cause by giving the most prominence
and space to petty and personal matters
while he dodges the important points or
misrepresents their force.
And the saintly Wendte hopes to meet
Father Yorke in heaven. Perhaps he will
have a chance to cool the fiery priest's
tongue (Luke xvi:24) in the other place.
John S. Hittell.
January 22, 1896.
DEBS WESTWARD BOUND
The Popular American Hallway Union
President "Will Stand by Or
ganized Labor.
The regular meeting of the American
Railway Union No. 345 was held last even
ing and a letter was read that caused great
enthusiasm. Several times recently dis
patches from the East have appeared in
the local papers announcing that the
president of the National A. R. U., Eu
gene V. Debs, was about to retire from the
presidency and have nothing ftiore to do
with labor unions. The secretary of the
local union at once wrote to Mr. Debs' pri
vate secretary, Mr. Benedict, at Terre
Haute, Ind., asking if these reports were
true. He said that the members of the
A- R. U. were much disturbed over the re
ports. Last evening the secretary re
ceived a letter. from Secretary Benedict in
which the latter wrote:
There is no truth in the published report
that Brother Debs is going out of organized la
bor. He is president of the A. R. U. and he
will win out in this fight, or die. There will
be no let up of our batteries, you may depend
upon it. • ; .'"
The letter caused great rejoicing. Presi
dent Debs is now in Texas lecturing and
working in every city and town where the
railroads have so much as a water-tank
tender. More than that he is working
toward California, and is liable at most
any time to bob up in this State. "What
his plans are but few people know.
Hereafter when a member in good stand
ing of the Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners becomes ill or is in need of medi
cines he can secure the services of a physi
cian and purchase medicines at a very
small cost. - . ■  -7 .
The District Council of the carpenters
and joiners perfected arrangements to
this end at its meeting last evening.
The final arrangements were made where
by a member of the craft upon the presen
tation of his working-card can receive the
services of a reputable doctor at the rate
of $1 a visit and all prescriptions will be
filled at the carpenters' drugstores for 25
cents each.
Last evening a letter was read at the Dis
trict Council from the National secretary,
P. J. McGuire, at Philadelphia commend
ing the local unions for making this pro
vision for their sick brothers.
The National secretary also approved of
the by-laws recently adopted by the local
unions. .".',
The National secretary sent something
besides approval. It was a draft for $100,
which will be used for organizing pur
poses in San Francisco, San Jose, Sacra
mento and Stockton. Unions will also be
formed in every town where there are
enough carpenters to secure a charter.
Organizer E. L. Maulsbnry will start out
on his work at once. He will probably go
to Sacramento first. No missionary work
will be necessary in Santa Cruz, as a strong
young union has been recently formed
The Granite-cutters' Union met last
evening and a letter .was read from the
National headquarters stating that the
National union ,is in a better condition
than it has been for years, there oeinj;
more money in the .treasury than there
has been for years. . An: important matter
was discflssed. At a recent meeting the
scale of wages was changed so that work
will be paid for by the piece, on a basis of
$3 50 for eight hours' labor. . A committee
presented the new bill to the principal
contractors and last evening the report of
the conference was made. It was that the
contractors did not oppose the new bill
very energetically. ; but they expressed a
preference for the sliding scale system and
payment by the hour. The granite-cut
ters adopted the provisions of the new
bill.
REV. DR. BROWN
STILL VERY ILL
He Is Carefully Nursed and
Cared For by His
Wife.
WAS BETTER YESTERDAY
The Pastor's Name Not Directly
Mentioned at the Prayer-
Meeting.
74* ' V
LETTER FROM A MRS. BADDIN.
: Deacon Dexter Says He Was Not a
Member of the Henry Ward
Beecher Committee.
The exclusive story published in The
Call of yesterday concerning the pre
carious mental condition of Rev. Dr.
Brown, said to be due to the severe strain
of the last three weeks, came in the nature
of a shock to the members of his congrega
tion and even to many of his intimate
friends.
There is no longer any effort made to
conceal the fact that the pastor has been
for several days past on the verge of a
complete mental collapse. He is being
carefully nursed and guarded, and is vis
ited four or five times each day by his
physician, Dr. Palmer.
One peculiar feature connected with the
reverend, gentleman's illness is that he
does not seem to be aware of his condition.
He insists on attending to his duties and
is most anxious to make his statement
before the investigating committee.
The joint committee received substantial
proof of Dr. Brown's condition when he
appeared before them last Friday night.
He had come to the meeting almost by
force, as his physician and wife did every
thing in their power to prevent his ap
pearance. It was only intended that he
should make a statement at that time as
to what he would undertake to prove
when the trial was fairly on.
"He was in the midst of his preliminary
remarks," said a prominent member of the
committee yesterday, "when suddenly his
face began to pale and flush by turns.
His eyes had an unnatural expression, and
finally his face became so rigid and set
tnat I was convinced he was about to die.
I was greatly startled.
"At length, however, the paroxysm, or
whatever it may be called, passed away,
and Dr. Brown, with an effort, attempted
to proceed with his remarks. It was no
use, however. While he fully understood
what he was about, words did not come
readily to him, and with evident em
barrassment he was forced to ask the com
mittee to grant him a few days' rest. The
meeting Monday night was "called at his
request, and he would have been present
had his condition so admitted."
There was some doubt expressed yester
day as to the genuineness of Dr. Brown's
illness. Some went so far as to say that
he was merely making a play for time. On
this point Deacon D. Gilbert Dexter spoke
very emphatically.
"It is very uncharitable at this time,"
he said, "for people to say such things.
Dr. Brown has been and is still a very sick
man. Every member of the committee
understands this, and they will only give
him such latitude as the'ease demands."
Considerable prominence has been given
in some of the published reports of the
Brown-Davidson scandal to the alleged
purpose of the joint committee of the Bay
Association and the First Congregational
Cnurch to have the case of Mrs. Davidson
set for as early a date as possible. These
have gone so far as to say that D. Gilbert
Dexter had been appointed a committee of
one to look after the matter and that he
was busy in connection with it.
The utter absurdity of such reports is
best appreciated when it is known the
case of Mrs. Davidson is in such a condi
tion that it is impossible at this time to do
anything to bring about its early hearing.
To begin with, the prosecution has until
Saturday next to file its information
against Mrs. Davidson and has not yet
filed it. The case will then be placed on
the calendar and assigned. And only after
it has been assigned to one of the Superior
Courts can anything be accomplished in
the way of having it advanced for trial.
It is understood that Judge Bahrs will
be asked to try Mrs. Davidson on the
charge of extorting $500 from Rev. Dr. C.
O. Brown. ATA-A
Deacon Dexter did not serve as one of
the investigating committee in the Henry
Ward Beecher scandal. "There was some
doubt expressed by the Congregationalists
of Boston concerning this famous pastor's
guilt," said Mr. Dexter, "and a private
committee composed of two from each
church was appointed at the request of Dr.
dishing to look into this matter. I was
among the number, and we met at the
house of Dr. Wright every day, until the
investigation was completed.
"Beecher came on to Boston and pre
sented his documentary evidence. It was
impossible with the lights then before us
to form any other conclusion than that he
was innocent. This was strictly a private
affair, however, and had nothing what
ever to do with the investigation, which
afterward took place in Brooklyn. I was
not a member of that committee, and I
wish it so understood."
The mysterious Elizabeth Jane Baddin
the woman to whom Mrs. Davidson claims
to have paid the $500 received from Dr.
Brown, has again been heard from. That
is to say, a letter has been received by a
member of the First Congregational Church
from a person who uses that name in
which the writer declares that the story
told by Mrs. Davidson is true in every de
tail. It is further stated that if immunity
from prosecution is guaranteed she is will
ing to come forward and swear to this.
The letter is postmarked San Francisco
but in it the writer takes the precaution'
necessary or otherwise, of declaring that
she is in Southern California. The lady
who received the letter is inclined to view
it in the light of a hoax, though she is in
a quiet way investigating it.
Dr. Brown did not appear at the usual
weekly prayer-meeting last night at the
First Congregational Church. His friends
said he was too ill to leave his home, and
it could have been gathered from the con
versation and apparent misgivings of tne
congregation that the pastor was indeed a
very sick man. One of the ladies present
asked a friend:
"Can it be true that Dr. Brown is dan
gerously sick? I have tried to learn some
thing to-night of his condition, but nobody
would say how bad he was."
Mrs. Brown was there with a smile for
all her old friends and received the kindly
words from all who offered their consola
tion with becoming graciousness. She
was the last one to go home when a little
knot of sympathizers said good-night at
the side entrance to the church on Mason
street. -
Senior Deacon Dexter presided and led
the meeting fervently.
Mr. Dexter announced at the close of the
prayer-meeting that the church committee
would meet immediately thereafter in the
pastor's study. The deacons occupied
themselves for nearly an hour, after which
Deacon Dexter said : .
"It was only our ordinary weekly meet
ing. Nothing but routine business was
discussed."
NEW TO-PAY: 4
'. '*'■-' '""
WINS THE MEDICAL
PROFESSION.
Strong Indorsements From Well-
Known Physicians.
READ WHAT THEY SAY
Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, and the
Most Obstinate Diseases Cured by
Munyon's Improved Homeo-
pathic Remedies.
If You Are Sick Ask Your Druggist for
Munyon's Guide to Health-Buy a
25-Cent .Remedy and Cure Yourself.
B. D. Brown, M.D., of Solomon, Kansas,
says: "My kidneys were very sore and
ached most of the time. The pain was se-
vere when I stooped over, or lay on my
back, and it was almost impossible to
straighten up after sitting down. I had
much trouble with my water and bladder.
In three days after beginning Munyon's
Kidney Cure and Bladder Cure I was re-
lieved, and since that time I have felt like
a new man. 1 have been practicing medi-
cine for 30 years and have used all kinds of
dross, but found none with such wonder-
ful curative powers as those of Munyon's
Remedies." '//■■
Dr. S. T. "Weirick, snrgeon-in-charge,
Keeley Institute, Minneapolis, says:
"Munyon's Rheumatic Cure cured my
nephew of articular rheumatism in three
days, after he had been helpless in bed for
six weeks." ."_ V.; - '.
Dr. Adam, 171 Broadway, New York
City: "One bottle of Munyon's Rheuma-
tism Cure was sufficient to cure my wife of
rheumatism, thoroughly and permanent-
ly."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a coid in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
i night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
j heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
j forms of kidnev disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
1 symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
I depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nights, pains in the
head and dizziness, It stimulates and
| strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
' in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
| cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
! ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
! and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
; boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
I guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
i utes and cure in five davs. Price. 50c each.
j Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
I The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
| disease from the system, and the Catarrh
i Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
| parts.
Munyon's Vitalize! imparts new life, re-
! stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
i men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present yon free with
j a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
j able little medical publication that should
j be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
| Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
j with free medical advice for any disease.
G BAZAAfy*
Agents for
|||^|^ — -•*
I3S_V.V tC*4UJ ' V C';*^*%9 a4Bk Jt^ _*>_f*
BARGAINS IN BOOKS!
300 Tides Paper-covered Books, regular 25c
and 50c editions 10c
50 Standard Titles, cloth bound, 16mo 10c
F. Marlon Crawford's Books, cloth bound 65c
Illustrated Countries of the World— England.
Germany, Scotland, Ireland, India, Pales-
tine— size 9x12, cloth bound 75 c
Dore Bible Gallery. Dante's Inferno, Dante's
Paradise Boat, size 9x12, cloth bound 750
Our general and Juvenile Book stock is com-'
plete. All the latest publications at 10 per cent
discount from publishers' price.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c
AVOflll^-T-HP-^--*' *™pi*"coiijwlsl
ajIHIE. lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sore* 9
fgUlcera In Mouth, llalr-y ailing! Writo S'txtxtt 31
■REMEDY CO, UO7 Masonic Templefl
jgJChlcaKC-, 111., tor proofs of cures ?ud)B1
■ta1.5500.000. W on,t caseacuSi mVM
mj?ii?!j*jwL "L^?. 0 page book *"-*• ii
4R9Ka WILCOX COMPOUND
y~ Safe and SIT WW a, «-^___a«_r
Safe and <%tttt f?  . "™™^ *■_**'
BOSubstitute. KorsalbvVT^ Way *? liable. T «-l™
4c. for Woman' -%rVo.mr.f^^ Sta - *--°°- 6 «"»KING WHEAT ON
A RAPID RISE.
Signal for the Quick Return
of Good Times to
California.
PROSPERITY ON TIPTOE.
Bankers Say They Are Ready
to Resume Loans to Needy
Farmers.
AUSTRALIA BUYING FROM US.
Dealers and Brokers Are Purchasing
Heavily of Both Future and
Spot Wheat.
Wheat took a jump upward yesterday
from opening to closing of 3^ cents per
cental.^ The day before it rose \\_ cents.
Every indication point to a further rise
to-day, and dealers and bankers and mer
chants say that good times have come
again to California. For as wheat goes so
goes the Western world.
The scenes on Change yesterday were of
the liveliest and most hopeful description
that have been witnessed there for many
days. It was no new joy, however, that
came to the habitues of the Produce Ex
change, for the upward tendency has been
felt for weeks, and the rise in prices has
been steady and progressive for days. The
market opened yesterday at *1 11 and
closed at $1 11^.
"Possibly never again," said G. W. Mc-
Near yesterday, "will wheat be sold here
as low as 80 cents."
If this prophecy shall have the effect for ]
good in every department of industry that '
the famous Montpellier prediction of 1894
had for ill. then, indeed, will good times
have returned to California.
The letter of Albert Montpellier was
made the occasion of frequent reference on
the street yesterday. The manager of the
Grangers' Bank, speaking as an authority
on the subject, as a man who hail "kept
tab" on the market, its causes and their
effects, said in 1891 that wheat would I
never again sell above BO cents per cental. j
That was the selling price then, and that
in itself was bad enough. But the pros
pect of its. never rising above it was much
worse, and the effect was demoralizing to
the last degree.
"The fact is," said Mr. McNear, in
speaking of the situation and the outlook
yesterday afternoon, "wheat cannot be
procfuced for 80 cents with a profit. That
has been demonstrated, and 1 believe the
farmer has seen his worst years. I don't
believe the price will ever fall to that low
figure again. The rise, of course, means
prosperity for all. The farmer is benefited
directly, the merchant and manufacturer
feel the new impulse. . money gets into j
circulation, the .values of farming lands j
and real estate generally are strength
ened."
Banks have already indicated a disposi
tion to resume Joans to farmers, which
accommodation has been suspended since
the panic of 1593.
The immediate cause of the present
sharp advance, brokers and dealers are
agreed, is the large purchases of California
wheat by Australia, heretofore an export
ing country. The crop of the whole world
is reported short, and there is none too
much in California.
"We know that the Australian crop is
short, and that of India and Argentina is
reported to be so," said Mr. McNear.
"This is not news. We have known it for
a long time, and should have experienced
a rise some time ago but for the tardiness
of Chicago to respond to the situation.
That is a speculative market. -So many
brokers make money on a falling market,
the bear influence is. so strong, that they
have kept it down. But the conditions
have reached a point where they could not
be kept down any longer." * t
The present steady advance began on the
16th ot this month." At tha opening that
day options sold at $1 07%. The progress
has been by fractions of a cent until Tues
day, when the price opened at $1 0014 and
closed at -*1 11, an advance of IJ4 cents.
Yesterday the price mounted during the
day 3% cents as stated. In Chicago the
buoyant element entered into the market
to such an extent as to carry the price up 2
cents. The Chicago market has a great in
fluence on that of the country. Notwith
standing it does not always act with the
real conditions behind it. The stubborn
resistance of the actual conditions was
evidenced by such telegrams shown on the
floor of the exchange here as, "Despite the
buoyant feeling here, brokers fear the usual
Tuesday break." The "usual Tuesday
break" is nothing more than a supersti
tionor rather the effect of, superstition.
Several brokers here -are doing some
heavy buying. It is said that the decided
advance here was started by some con
spicuous performance in that regard by
G. W. McNear, and that he had been
keeping pace with the subsequent advance
by further purchases of May delivery on
the .Produce Exchange call board. In the
meantime he is also buying spot wheat.
So it is being hinted about that when the
present sellers of *May wheat are required
to deliver to him they will be likely to find
that they will have to buy from him in
order to do it. This ,is only a rumor, of
course, but there are many dealers who
believe it-
Since Montpellier made his famous
nrophecy as to SO-cent wheat in 189-1 that
Staple has advanced 40 per cent. Looking
backward over the intervening time,
brokers say that the extremely low figure
then touched is to be accounted for more
by the financial disturbances than any
oversupply.
When wheat was 80 cents people were
evidently starving themselves. The
abundant crops of 1891 to 1894 have been
required, judging from the moderate
stocks ia the world at present, and this
fact, thoroughly learned, will result in
oetter figures for several years to come.
There was no more wheat in the world
when it brought $1 30 than there was when
it went begging at 80 cents. But at 80
cents the famer was losing his grip on his
farm, while at $1 30 he was buying more
land. , -;.' -■■■ */ -
That other reassuring fact for the
farmer is now being quoted by the dealer —
the fact that California wheat is worth 10
cents per cental in the markets of the
world more than any other wheat. In
other words, if California wheat is ever
brought down to 80 cents again it will be
because all other wheat is selling at 70
cents.
The difference in the price of milling
wheat over that for export has spread re
markably since the present rise set in. It
is .ally 5 cents in favor of milling.
Since the heavy draft from Australia set in
.this difference lias reached 15 cents. "Take
50.000 to 60,000 tons out or the milling re
serve of this State where the supply was
originally overlarge," said a broker yes
terday, "and the effect is this very ma
terial rise in price." I
President B. A. Becker of the Germnn
Savings and Loan Society regards the .rise
in wheat as an augury of better times in
the very near future.
"The city and the country," he re
marked, "may be compared to the positive
and negative poles of a battery. Neither
can act without the other. The city de
pends upon the country, and the country
in turn is dependent upon the city,
■Hence when the country is rendered un
productive by reason of droughs or other
adverse conditions,, the city's financial
markets become stringent. This state of
things continuing a time at length arrives
when capitalists, seeing no chance of early
returns, commence to become very chary
"* making money advances to farmers.
The result is 'hard times,' or a general
paralysis, financially speaking, which may
involve many individuals ami firms, pro
ducing a condition the reverse of pros
perous.
"At present, however, it seems we may
look for better times. This rise, if it be a
normal healthy one, as it surely seems to
be, must result in a greatly improved state
of things. The demand for grain increas
ing, farmers will be stimulated to make ef
forts, which, owing to discouragement and
diffidence of success, they have not yet put
forth. As the country business increases
in volume and acquires more stability the
capitalists and banking-houses will display
more readiness to loan funds and money
will circulate more freely. This is the re
cult I have always noticed under similar
conditions which I now anticipate."
At the San Francisco' Savings Union
practically the same views were expressed.
Lovell White, the secretary and cashier,
and William J. Smith, the loan teller, both
seemed of the opinion that a better condi
tion of affairs would soon dawn for the
City and State. Mr. Smith, who did most
of the talking, and who, to do him justice,
did it very well, despite the fact that he
was reluctant to speak for publication,
said among other things:
"These farmers have been having a
dreadful time for at least three years.
They have done their best and in many
instances failed. Then the banks were
called upon for loans. Far from repaying
these advances the farmers have generally
had all they could do to pay interest and
taxes. Sometimes they have carried on
their business, if not at a positive loss, at
least with no profit to themselves or to
any one else. This sort of thing makes
capital coyly retreat into the capitalistic
pocket rather than go on fishing expedi
tions out into the country.
"Now the prospect looks brighter. The
practical failure of the Australian wheat
crop and the consequent demand for the
Cahfornian product will cause hope to
spring up anew in the farmer's breast and
make him do his part to bring about a bet
ter state of things. Even now if wheat
growers will sow before the Ist of February
there is every hope for an abundant yield,
with no fear of an overstocked market.
Capital invested in aiding farmers at this
juncture must secure liberal returns. It
looks as though we might predict a cessa
tion of the reign of 'Hard times' in the
near future."
A. H. Lissak of the firm of 0. F. yon
Rhem & Co. was rather cautious in giving
his opinion.
"If this rise is bona fide," he said, "we
may expect good results; but before we
can build any hopes upon it we must be
sure that the increase in values will bo
stead}*, advancing surely, or at least, not
liable to depreciation. In this case it can
not fail to have a beneficial effect upon the
financial status of the State. Confidence
will be restored in all branches of trade
and finance. Real estate values in City
and country will rise, since country land's
will be more valuable for their increased
productive worth, while City properties
will fetch a better price, owing to the fact
that money circulating more freely, trans
fers of City real estate must he more fre
quent and of greater magnitude."
TALK OF THE RISE.
A Symposium of Business Men
Agrees That the' Future Has
Gold in Store.
Up in an airy office en Market street a
knot of business men discussed the situa
tion from a standpoint strictly financial.
Harry Francis of the United Trust Com
pany (Limited) of Liverpool, who is said
to have at his beck and call an unlimited
number of bright golden guineas from the
tight mother isle, seemed to be the presid
ing genius of the little gathering, though
L. A. Xares, financial inspector of the
Canadian-American Mortgage and Trust
Company, also had considerable to say;
while W. X. Harris, tha well-known ap
praiser and general land agent, whose in-
valuable services for the firm of Easton,
Eldridge & Co. have caused him to be re
garded as one of the pillars of that house
during his long term in their employ, con
tributed his quota to the conference."
"I tell you, gentlemen," began Mr.
Francis, meditatively stroking a well
filled pair of trousers with two hands
which looked as though they had done lit
tle more in the way of work than caress
five-pound notes; "I tell you, this rise in
prices of California wheat isn't a marker
to what is coming. The tide is turning.
The hard times are beginning to break up.
Did you never read about lucky and un
lucky days? Well, just as sure as we are
sitting here, California has been through a
most abominably unlucky day, and the
worst of it - was the day was full three
years long. But. I tell you again, it's over
now, and no mistake about it."
"Too sanguine, too sanguine altogether,"
commented Mr. Harris, sagely. "There's
no such thing as a lucky day or an unlucky
one. To be sure it looks as though some
thing was in the wind, but that's no rea
son why solid business men should start
in building castles in the air like a parcel
of children." and here the genial Harris,
being by adoption, at least, a Californian,
fell to puffing away at a cigarette with
much assiduity.
"Still." persisted Mr. Francis, "you
can't deny that of late people with capital
are manifesting a desire to invest in Cali
fornia lands. This 'tendency fell off nota
bly during the hard times, but of late it
seems to have revived. If there is any
thing in this wheat story capital is i_oint:
to find a wide field for investment."
"If there is anything in it," repeated
Mr. Nares with some abruptness. "Can' t
a man see by the market renorts that
wheat has gone up and gives a promise of
rising yet higher? The crop in Australia
is literally gone to pot. They say they
haven't even a quarter of the average crop
there. This circumstance is bound to
brins California wheat up to the very
highest notch and keep it there .for a
while, too. How then, I would like to
know, can anybody doubt that there is
something in this wheat story? For mv
part I believe there are millions in it,"
and Mr. Nares relapsed into silence, as
though nothing more could be said.
"Anyhow," remarked Mr. Harris, seem
ing to perceive that somebody was ex
pected to say something, "a great many
armors have been away behindhand with
their mortgaged. It seems all they can do
to raise enough money to pay interest and
taxes. As for principal, some of them
seem to have given up all idea of paying it
back for years to come."
"No, sir," retorted Mr. Francis, with
some warmth; "you're a long way behind
the times. It used to be as you say, but
the farmers are on the verge of an era of
solid prosperity that is going to astonish
the whole country. . Capital is sure to come
to their aid if they need it, and capitalists
maybe assured of prompt and generous
returns for any advances they may make."
"Well, well, maybe you're right," re
joined Mr. Harris; "but I know of cases
where farmers have gone to the bankers
who hold mortgages against them and
actually deeded over large tracts of land in
order to net rid of the burden of interest
and taxes which was eating up their little
gams. Why, it' 3 a well-known fact that in
San Luis Obispo County some of the prin
cipal banks have refused to advance any
more money on land because they hsve
more real estate on their hands than they
can manage." ..-..'
"But that's past and pone." said Mr.
Francis. "I tell you that state of things is
done with. The rise in wheat is bound to
change the entire financial aspect of the
State. Capitalists who know what they
are about are ready and willing to advance
money, because they are abreast of the
times and know they, can confidently ex
pect adequate returns."
I*l don't know about that," was Mr.
Harris' comment. "In fact I know of a
family in the southern country who are so
discouraged by the financial outlook that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
they have given up ail hope of retrieving
their fortunes and are actually blowing in
all the money and credit they can get on
high-heeled shoes and fine dresses for the
girls and French cognac for the men.
You don't call that prosperity, do you?"
Mr. ares, who had been an attentive
listener, here took a hand in the debate.
"I have not been here long enough," he
began, "to speak very authoritatively on
the matter at issue; but I must say I am
convinced that things are daily looking
brighter. In any event here in California
we have advantages far above anything
dreamed of in many prosperous countries,
and in the long run California is bound to
be a rich, happy country. But, coming
down to the present question the strained
conditions which Mr. Harris has noticed
arc rapidly passing away.
"Of course the idiots who give up in
weak despair and throw away their earn
ings on gin and gewgaws may not be able
to come up to the scratch ; but the sensible
farmer is about to see his land, his labor
and his products take a long stride in ad
vance." ■:-.- 'A-- 7.' : /y~;:/'p/yy'4.z
•'Well, no doubt you're right," answered
Mr. Harris. "After all, the real estate
business, and, indeed, almost every.other
business, depends in a great measure upon
the earning capacity of the land. If agri
cultural products find a market, the farmer
becomes, not the serf of capital, but its
right hand. Capital gladly advances to
the aid of all enterprises for the develop
ment of land resources, and the whole
country is benefited. If such a state of
things is going to come, I am sure that
rich and poor will welcome it with open
arms."
And here the impromptu convention
dissolved, its members sallying forth to
meet the golden chances which they seem
to think the immediate future has in store.
CAPTAIN HEALY ON TRIAL
Court of Inquiry in the Case to
Sit Daily With Closed
Doors.
The Accused Elected to Have the
Investigation Conducted
Secretly.
The court of inquiry appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury to investigate
the charges against Captain Healy of the
revenue cutter service organized at the
United States Appraiser's building in this
City yesterday.
The court is composed of Captain D. B.
Hodgdon, Captain L. M. Stodder and
Captain W. C. Coulson. First Lieutenant
R'odgers is recorder bf the court and First
Lieutenant Reynolds prosecutor.
In accordance with the regulations gov
erning this branch of the United States
service the officers comprising the court
wore the prescribed uniform during the
session of the court.
The court will sit during the investiga
tion with closed doors, ajid if any of the
proceedings of the inquiry are divulged
for publication the publicity will be given
without the official knowledge or consent
of the court.
All courts of this character are not con
ducted in this star-chamber fashion, but
the rule has been adopted in the revenue
cutter service to allow the accused to elect
whether the court shall sit with open or
closed doors. In this investigation Cap
tain Healy, through his counsel, Barclay
Henley, signified a desire for an inquiry
with closed doors.
The president of the court. Captain
Hodgdon, was seen at the Palace Hotel
last evening. He said that under instruc
tions proceedings of the investigation
could not be made public at present. A
report would be made to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the Secretary in his
discretion could give it to the press.
Captain Healy did not care to discuss
the matter as he is on trial. *'. ? >
Apart from the organization of the court
little was done yesterday. The inquiry
may last for three days or may continue
for three months. It is thought, however,
that a great many witnesses will be called
and that the inquiry will take a wide
range. The court will convene daily at 10
a. m. and, barring recess, sit until 4 p. m.
It may be explained that the Navy De
partment has nothing whatever to do with
the investigation. The detail for the court
was made by the Treasury Department
and nil the fac-rs and findings will be trans
mitted to Secretary Carlisle. It is pre
sumed that the oflicets of the revenue cut
ter service sent out here to ascertain the
whole truth concerning the wrangles and
jars of the Bear's cruising expeditions to
the Arctic are unbiased and impartial men.
Their duties at Washington are not so im
portant and pressing as to demand a hasty
survey of the allegations against Captain
Healy, hence it is safe to predict that time
will not be pinched in the investigation.
UNIQUE REFORM CLUBS
-
The Rev. Dr. Wherry on the
Efforts of the* Literati in
China.
Clubs Have Already Been Started by
Them in Peking, Shanghai
. s and Canton.
The Rev. Dr. J. Wherry, the senior rep
resentative of the Presbyterian Church in
Peking, who lies been thirty-one years
there engaged in mission work, is in the
City.
He says that many of the literati among
tire (Chinese— those of the highest literary
standing — in Peking, Shanghai and Can-
ton have lately formed themselves into
reform organizations.
Their objects are in the interests of
better government, general advancement
and in some cases the overturning of the
Government.
"The movement in favor of reform in
Peking," said Dr. Wherry, "has resulted
in the formation of a club of sixty mem
bers. They are going to erect a building,
which will be a sort of polytechnic school.
"In general, this object is to introduce
modern civilization, extend the railroad
open up the various gold, silver and coal
mines, and inaugurate a new school sys
tem, substituting for Confucian works the
works of modern science.
"They also advocate reform in the Gov
ernment; that is. honest officers and hon
est salaries.
"Since the Reform Club was started in
Peking, one is being started at Shanghai
and another at Canton. At Canton they
proposed to attain a part of this work by
revolution. The project was secret, but
the Government heard of it, and is now
keeping a close watch on them."
Dr. Wherry is on his way to New York
to visit friends and enjoy the advantage of
a change of climate.
He has only been home, three times in
thirty years, and it is eight years since he
was last home.
;. ■ . ■» ♦ — •
♦'General Talk to Teachers."
The special Committee on a Course of Free
Lectures, appointed by the Board of Education,
has announced that the next : lecture .to the
teachers of the department will be given by
Hon. Samuel T. Black, Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, in the Auditorium of the Girls'
High School, corner Scott and Geary streets, on
Friday next, the 24th inst., at 8 o'olock p.m.
The subject of the lecture will.be "General
Talk to Teachers.'." This will be the first ad
dress of Superintendent Black to the teachers of
this department, and It is expected that many
of the teachers of the department will be pres
ent to listen to him. Music during the even
ing .will be furnished by the ninth grade
classes of the Hamilton Grammar School.
TO FORFEIT FRANCHISES
The Market-Street Company Must
Answer for Its Negli
gence.
SOME UNUSED EIGHTS OF WAY.
People of the Outlying Districts Tired
of Waiting for the Giant Cor
poration.
As was predicted in The Call at various
times, the Market-street Railway Com
pany has at last been brought to bay for
its neglect if franchises in the outlying
and comparatively unpopulated districts
of the City. The franchise in question in
cludes nearly every street of any conse
quence in the districts south of the park;
but ever since the granting of these fran
chises they have been nothing more than
mere privileges of the railroads. There
are no tracks laid on many of the streets;
on others there is but a single track when
the franchise calls for a double one, and
on others, where the cars are supposed to
run at intervals of fifteen minutes, some
times over an hour elapses from the pass
ing of one to the coming of another. The
suit is brought by the Attorney-General
upon the relation of D. L. Westover, and
its object is to have forfeited the franchise
granted by the Supervisors on December 9,
1890.
The franchise in question was described
as follows:
commencing at the intersection of Mason
and Market streets, northerly on Mason street
to Eddy, on Eddy to Hyde, on Hyde to O'Far
rell, on O'Farrell to Scott, on Scott to Fell, on
Fell to Baker, on Baker to Page, on Page over
the right of way of the City Railway Company
to Clayton, on Clayton to Waller, on Waller to
Cole, on Cole to a point on the line of Sullivan
street, thence through private ground to Sul
livan street, on Sullivan to J, on J to Third
avenue, thence along the slope of the hills to
the intersection of T street and Forty-tirst ave
nue, on Forty-first avenue to U street and on U
street to the Pacific Ocean.
A second franchise was also given which
allowed these rights of way:
From the intersection of Carl and Cole
streets, on Carl to First avenue, on First ave
nue to I street, on I street to Seventh avenue,
on Seventh avenue to X street, on X street to
Eighteenth avenue, on Eighteenth avenue to
T street. - ".V. _. %
A third franchise also granted gave
more rights of way, as follows:
From Forty-seventh avenue and U street, on
Forty-seventh avenue to S street, on S street to
Forty-eighth avenue, on Forty-eighth avenue to
J street, on J street to Forty-ninth avenue, on
F orty-ninth avenue to H street.
It is complained that the order granting
these franchises was made subject to cer
tain restrictions, which were then or
might afterward be imposed, and it was
agreed that the company should expend
$40,000 on the construction of the road
within one year from the passage of the
order, and that the work should be dili
gently prosecuted until completion. Fail
ing to comply with these conditions the
company was to forfeit its right to the
franchise granted.
It was further agreed that the cars
should be run daily at not more than
fifteen-minute intervals, and that the
whole road should be completed and in
running order within the statutory time.
These conditions were all accepted."
On February 21, 1891, the Metropolitan
Railway Company was incorporated, and
on April 27, 1891, the San Francisco Syndi
cate and Trust Company conveyed to it
the franchises referred to. On July 17,
1894, the Metropolitan Railway Company
mortgaged its property for $1,000,000 to
secure a bond issue, the mortgage being
made by the California Title Insurance
and Trust Company. This corporation. is
therefore made a codefendant in the suit
for forfeiture.
It is alleged tbat the terms under which
the franchises were granted were never
complied with and many of the privileges
have been abandoned. Farts of the fran
chises have been taken advantage of, but
in the outlying portions there Das been no
attempt made to lay tracks, and since June
1, 1895, no double-track railway track has
been operated in the territory between
Hyde and Devisaderoover the streets man
tioned in the franchise. There are only
single tracks laid and operated. There has
been no railway operated on Scott street
from O'Farrell to Fell street, nor on Fell
from Scott.to Baker, nor on Baker from Fell
to Pace since June 1, 1895, and since August
1, 1895, the Page, Waller, Car), First ave
nue and 1 street branches have not been
operated. And further, the cars run
along those streets mentioned in the first
paragraph of the franchise only every
hour and fifteen minutes, and not every
fifteen minutes, as agreed upon.
I). L. Westover is a resident of the dis
trict through which the outlying branches
of the franchise run. He claims that the
franchise is held only to exclude others
desiring to operate roads, and by reason of
its failure to comply with the provisions
of the agreement under which the fran
chise was granted the company should
forfeit its rights. It is, therefore, prayed
that the franchise over all the streets de
scribed in the "original order be forfeited
and the defendants be made to pay $5000
damages. / 7:. '■'.'-
NEW TO-DAT. --T V
IN THE LEAD
Still marches the
ROBERT
MANTELL
CioAR. V
Probably the greatest trouble experienced
by smokers is in trying to find a brand of
cigars whose quality never varies.
Uniformity is one of the strongest points
of the Mantell— the quality is NEVER
alowed to deteriorate. The more you
smoke the more you like— the Mantell. 7
WHOLESALE DEPOT :
THE WERTHEIMER COMPANY, S. F.
_^__ NEW TO- BAY.
BEGINS THIS MORNING! '
We need not borrow adjectives from the dictionary to describe the value,
worth and merit of the Goods offered at this sale. The goods and prices speak
for themselves. It is sufficient for us to say that the shoes are from the fac-
tories of the best makers in the United States and the prices named are to
Close Out the Department as Soon as Possible.
Here's a List of Some of Them :
At 35c a Pair.
At 50c a Pair.
At 65c a Pair.
At 75c a Pair.
At $1.00 a Pair.
At $1.50 a Pair.
At SI .85 a Pair.
At 5t. 95 a Pair.
At $2.50 a Pair.
At 53.95 a Pair.
MOB. VWIVW V* ■ !«■■■
Q 2Pr* ft. 0 WWJ^
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonis.
"VfOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-L' proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock M. of the 7th day of February.
1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively '
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day or January,
1906, or at any time beforo that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of- the United
Slates, with Interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
first day of January and on the first Hag of July of
each year. Bonds and interest payable at theotflce
of tho County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with'
Orders and Resolutions of the Roard of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment.' approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than faca
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reser\ ed to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds." ■ .
Bv order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SLAVIN,
■ ■ County Treasurer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL .^
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....TO
3E*C3»3El. , rX_i-£k.3>J3__>. OR.
FRIDAY ..JANUARY 24,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8:00 r.M.
fK-l r ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
fit /.hi? Sleeper.
A?, ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in Q»1 £.00
Pullman Standard Sleeper, 'IP-'-*-' — .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
■■ This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points. ..".'•
»S" Through Tickets for I'tiget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
> 613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel _".
.., Ticket Office)) San Francisco. •
BICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN",
Gen. Traffic Mgr. ' Gen. Pass. Agt
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
.'.-.-■ (Via Saunalito Ferry). <
From San Francisco, beginning October 27. 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valtov and San Rafael— 7:3o. 9:15, 11:0*
a.m.: 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 pm.
Ban Quentin— 7:3o,9:ls a. m. : 1:46 5:15 p. K.
Extra trfps ior San Battel on Mondays, vVedner
days aud Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, Pan Rafael aud San Qnentin- '
8:00, 10:00, 11:80 a.m.: 1:30,3:00,4:30, -»8:ll
■ r.xt. *Does not. run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
?:80 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station* '
:45 p. x. Saturdtivs--Touial«s and way stations. ■■'■
§;0U a. U. Sundays- Point Reyes ana waytlftjloaa
Our entire stock of Infants' Dongola Kid Shoes that were sold at 75c a pair.
Children's Patent Leather Shoes, with bronze tops; Children's Tan Kid
Shoes, Children's French Kid Shoes, with turn soles; Children's Stiff Ankle
Kid Shoes, Children's Patent Leather Shoes, with colored cloth tops, and
dozens of other styles that were sold up to $1 50 a pair.
Children's Kangaroo Shoes, with spring heels; Children's Kid Sandals,
Children's Strap Slippers, Children's Patent Leather Shoes, with cloth tops ;
Children's Grain Leather, Spring Heel Shoes, and 500 pairs of other styles,
including the ends of many lines that sold up to $2 and $2 25 a pair.
Children's Tan French Kid Sandals and Oxford Ties, Patent Leather Tip
Grain Shoes, Children's Felt Slippers, Red Goat Shoes, Bronze French Kid
Shoes, with cloth tops ; Patent Leather Spring Heel Shoes, with polka-dot
cloth tops ; Ladies' Embroidered Plush Slippers, Ladies' Kid Slippers, with
pointed toes and many other styles of Ladies' and Children's Footwear,
worth up to $2 50 a pair.
Ladies' Kid Low Shoes, with cloth top ; Ladies' Oxford Ties and Sandals,
Misses' Red Kid Shoes, Patent Leather Dancing Shoes, Misses' Patent
Leather Shoes, with kid or cloth tops; Misses' Plain Pebble Goat Shoes,
Misses' Russia Leather Low Shoes, Children's Bronze Kid Shoes, Children's
Hand-sewed Kid Shoes, Ladies' Kid Strap Sandals, with French heels;
Boys' and Youths' Calf Shoes, Ladies' Felt Slippers and our entire stock of
Men's Slippers of all kinds, irrespective of former selling prices. In this lot
will be found goods worth up to $3 a pair.
Ladies' Suede Kid Slippers in black, gray, mode and tan, with French
heels; Spring-heel Shoes with patent leather tips ; Kid Shoes, cloth top
and patent leather tips; Curtis & Wheeler's $4 50 quality of French Kid
Shoes, with common-sense heels ; Ladies' Kid Shoes, with patent leather
tips and extension soles; Ladies' Patent Leather Tip "Albions," with
elastic sides, and many of our nicest lines of Misses' and Children's High
and Low Shoes in all kid and kid and cloth.
Our entire stock of Ladies' High-grade Satin Slippers of all kinds and
colors, all with French heels, some with ankle straps and others plain.
These are all high-grade slippers for evening wear and sold at $3 50 and
$4 50 a pair.
Our entire stock of Ladies' $3 50 and $4 Shoes, including such makes as
Wright, Peters & Co., Hazen B. Goodrich & Co., Sommerfield and others in
both high and low shoes, slippers, Oxford ties and sandals ; all styles of
lasts and styles in kid, patent leather, bronze, glace and suede leathers
and fancy effects without number; all marked at $1 95 a pair, irrespective
of former prices.
All our Genuine French Kid Hand-sewn Shoes that were $5 and $6 a pair.
This line includes only the very best makes of high and low shoes, in all
styles of French Kid, with and without patent leather tips, cloth and kid
tops ; button, lacing or gaiter styles ; patent leather shoes in a variety of
favorite styles, and our finest fancy evening slippers that sold up to $6 and
$7 50 a pair. Any shoe you have bought from us heretofore at $5 or $6, or
can buy elsewhere at those prices, can be had of us now at $2 50 a pair.
Our choicest grades of Imported French Bronze Kid Lace Shoes with bronze
cloth uppers, and specially hand-made patent leather high boots that sold
at $7 50 a pair. Not many left, but some good sizes among them.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BOVTHEBX PACIFIC fOTJPAJTt.
p-pP: : (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave and nr« due to it i rive as
HATS FRANCISCO.
LKAVK — PnoM NOVEMBEB 20, 1555. — arrith
6:IIOa HajTrards, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:1
7:00a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. S:43f
7:0 ©a Benicia, VacaviUe. Rumsay. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via 1)avi3.... 7:13p
7:30a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Ru:r. 6:15_»
S:^Oa Nilcs, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo. Red Blull
and Sundays excepted 0i0ri110.... t.lSp
*-.:rtO a Peters and Milton .'.......;... «7:15p
0:00 v San Leandro, Hsyvrards & Way St'ns 11:13a
9:OUa Lcs . Angeles Express, Raymond, '_". n
(for \csemite), Santa Barbara
end Los Aurclcs 4:45r
9:00a Martinez and Stockton 10:43a
10:0O.\ San Leandro, Haywards and Niles .. I:-15p
12:00m San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 2:4-'sp
l:OOp Nilcs, San Joso and Lircrmore S:43a
*1:00p Sacramento River Steamers *B:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations ■J7:l3p
3:ooi' San Leandro, Haywordsfc Way Sfna 5:45?
4 :OOp San Leandro, Haywards & Way St' as C :43p
4:ooi' Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
• Napa, CsUstQga, El V'crano and
Santa Rosa ».15a
4:V9jp Benlela, Esparto, AVoodland, "•:-•
• •*■ Knights Landing, Marysville.
Orovillo and Sacramento 10: I.la
4:30p Nilcs, San Jose, Llvermoro and
Stockton .....'.......... 7:13p
5:00p San LeantTrc, Haywards & Way St'ns 8:15p
8:a«r Ne-.7 Orleans Exprecs,l''resno.BaL'era-
:Z/y.; ' Held. Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, Now Orleans and
East 10:1.1a
3:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTß rind East..... 10:1.1a
6:0»p T.nropoan Mall, Osdon and I'.ust.... Art 3 a
0:00i- Huywardii, Nilcs aud San J050...... 7:15a
i?:Ot» e Vallejo ; {?:45r
7:00p Orcgou Kipress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland. Pngct
Sound and East ;.:.... I <):■} .lA
7:0Op San Leandro, Ilaywardsfe Way St'ns 1 '.':.*_ Op
9:OOP SaikLeandro.Haywards&WayStns t 'l2:ooa
•*jlO:osp "Sunset Urnited," Fresno, hex
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East. §IV<4.l*
ff11;157 San Leandro.Hsywards ft ATay St'ns 7:15a
SANTA CRUZ DIVISION (yarrow (iange;,.
8:13a Newark.Ccntcrville.Hr.n.hisc.Feltoi),
Boulder Creek, San ta Cruz and Way ,•
Stations.... SiSOi
•2:13p Newark. Cenlfrville. SauJooe, New
Almadon, Felton, Boulder Ur;ek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
. Stations ...*II:20a
4:15r Newark. San Jose aud Los Catos.... S:3oa
fll:-15p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
■ Way Stations }7;20p
(OAST DIVISION (Third & Towuscml Sis.)
0:13a bau Joso ami Way Stations (New ■
• ; Almi_lcn Wednesdays 0n1y ),...... * 1:43p
8:13a San Jose, Tres l'iuos, .'.until Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Faso Roblcr, Sau
Luis o'uispo. Guadalupe ami Prin-
« cipal Way Stations 7:03p
IO:40a Ran Jose ami Way Stations .1:HOp
11:43a Palo Alto and Way Station:. 3:301
*2:3Ui' San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pines, Santa
.. Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove.;;.; *K»:in.\
*3i3op San Joso cud Principal Way Stations 9:17a j
•-1:30 p San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... •»-:..G..
3:3<.)t- San Joso and Way Stations *S:IS.%
o:i_Oi> Jose and Way Stations 0:33a!
♦ ll:-13i- San Jose ni»l Way Sinlu.i.B iZ: 1 3 »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— "
•7:15 9:00 ]1:00a.M. tl:0Q •2:"0 J3:CC
*i:CO , ; J5:00 *G:o3r.J*. 7A:p7:
from OAKliUD— oct of Droadwaj.— . *C;00 8:00
10:00a.m. J12:00 -*1:C0 tS:CO -»3:CO J1:00
. *3:ooi'.M. -■- ' - ' ■■ -■; ■'■-.'.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '■":
• Sundays excepted. i Saturdays only.
J Sundays only.
H Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITnezdays and Saturdays * Sundays and TUurida «a
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES .H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNUY-AT
V> law and Notary Public. 63« Market st- oppa.
to mil* cl *'* u " !tlw »»:lliMlrtUii|' '/air.
-^ ...
[ RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SMFRABCISCO&KORTHPi^
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— F«ot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I WEES D A YS-7 9:20, 11:00 A.M.; 12:35.
3:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. is. Thursdays-Extra trls
st 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. K. .
SCNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.: 1:30. 3:3a
6:00,6:20 P.M. . -*7
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:55 P. it. and 6:35 p. M. ...
SUNDAYS-8-.10. 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40. 3:401
6:00, 6:25 P.M. * **
; Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
I Leave in '-„',. Arrive
i San Francisco. oc t . 28. San Franci 3 co.
Wjeek I Bus- fc^Mnation ">*- ~Veek"
Days, j pays, DAYfc | DAYa-
-7:10 am . 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8.50 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM| Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 PM
Fulton. j
7:40 am Windsor, I 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
GeyserviUe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ) 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_____ ________
Picta,
7:40 am Hqpland &
8:00 am Uklah. | 7:30 PM 6:15 PM
7:40 am | I 10:30 am
s 8:00 am Guerneviile. I 7:30 pm
«:30 PM| j \ 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ah 1 8:50 am"
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm , 6:15 pm
j j Glen Ellen. j_
7:40 am 8:00 AM; " tonnl [10:40 am 10:30 AM
3:30 5:00 pm| beoastopoi. j 6:05 rM| C:l5
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta tor Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport.
Stages' connect at TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Bid*
Lakes, Lcurel Dell. Upper Late, Rooneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usui, Westport,
Call to. Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Llvely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets st reduce*
rates. -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points o*
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building,
U. 0. WRITING. R. X. BY AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
8 Atlantic
Pacific
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive
at Market-Street Ferry. •
SANiA-vFE express
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day - l i:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
hlcei ;'" **■•'• °"rist Sleepers so lease
&nv« £& St^Lo^" CbaDge AnneX c ™ lot
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, vrlth Dining-car^
nnder Harvey's management. <'onnert:ns trains
leave San Pranolsco st 8 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. '"<i'*C li»is' |l "*»*ifaUiiiM>i imin'am aUWi.ni K. '
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET..
- Petroleum declined.
Para-line Candles advanced.
Slight change la Lard Oil.
- Coffee in good tone.
Canned Fruits unchanged.
Grain Bags dull.
Silver steady.
Wheat freights weak.
Continued advance in Wheat.
Barley and Oats steady.
Yellow Corn higher. Rye weak and dull.
Bran weak. Hay steady.
Flour pointing upward.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Onions advanced again.
Butter and Cheese in slender stock.
Eggs continue to weaken.
Good Poultry steady.
Game generally poor.
All sorts of Fruit dull.
Dried Fruit still neglected.
'Nuts and Honey ditto.
Hides and Leather weak.
Beef and Mutton advancing.
Fork market firm.
Stocks of Wool limited.
Hops ruinously cheap.
WEATHER REPORT BUREAU.
United States Department OF Agbicdj>
tube. Weather Bcbead, San Francisco, Jan
uary 22, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last year:
Eureka—, last season 28.44: Red Bluff 10.13,
last season 22.23; San Francisco 8.99, last season
39.63: Fresno 3.14, last season 9.14; San Luis
Obispo 9.36. last season 20.03; Los Angeles 4.19,
last season 11.05: San Diego 2.24, last season 9.49;
Yuma .32, last season 2.99.
San-Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 45, mean 25.
An area of high pressure prevails to-night over
the Upper Missouri Valley, accompanied by clear,
cold weather. Light snow is reported at Bismarck.
It is Generally clear over the Rocky Mountains
and plateau regions. It is generally cloudy west
of the Rocky Mountains, and it Is beginning to
rain along the coast from Eureka northward. The
pressure is falling rapidly along the Oregon coast
and there are indications of the approach of a
worm area. '1 he temperature has fallen over
Utah, Nevada and all over California, excepting at
Eureka. Cloudy weather with ram and high south
easterly winds will probably occur along the Pa
cific coast to-night and Thursday, with slight
changes In temperature.
The rivers are beginning to fall, although at Sac
ramento the river is 23.5 feet and rising: at Colusa,
26.6 feet and on the stand; at Red Bluff. 15.4 feet
aud ling; at Marysvil c, 16.8 feet and falling; at
Folsom, 13.3 feet..
storm southeast signals are displayed from San
Francisco northward along the California coast.
Forecast made at san Irancisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight January 23, ISS6:
Northern California— Rain along the coast and in
the Sacramento Valley Thursday; southerly winds,
brisk to high along the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy weather Thursday;
fresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather Thursday.
Utah Fair weather Thursday.
Arizona— Fair weather Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Thurs
day; brisk southeasterly winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 23.— While business
at the Stock Exchange showed no material im
provement In volume, the undertone of the mar
ket was distinctly better. The advance in prices
was the direct result of advices from London mdi- j
eating a peaceful solution of the Venezuelan ques
tion. London became a buyer of slocks which led ,
to an advance of anywhere from %to 1%! In the j
case of General Electric, the stock was influenced ;
by rumors from Boston that the old deal with the I
WesUngboase was on again. The stock rose to \
271 4. the best for a long time. Tobacco and Chi- !
cago las were weak at one time. Tobacco falling
to i6x/ 8 from 79 and Chicago Gas 10 63% from 65. I
The decline in Tobacco was attributed to the i
closing Of the transfer-books, for the annual elec
tion practically wiped out the premium, so far as
borrowing purposes are coucerned. The refusal of
tin- Secretary- of State of Illinois to accept the
reorganization papers of the Chicago Gas people
weakened this Stock. After an early and sharp ad
vance the railway list dropped into dullness and
the market for these specialties continued quiet j
until tbe last half hour of business, when a num
ber 01 buying orders male their appearance.
Nickel-plate stocks were the features at this time,
the common rising 1%, second preferred 3 to 29
and the first preferred 8% to 80. .
This rise was due to the declaration of a 5 per
cent dividend on the first preferred stock. specu- '
lation closed strong and with prices 1 4(<i , 2 per
cent higher on the day. Total sales were 15^,000
shares.
Bonds were irregular. Sales footed up $1,094,000.
Atchison seconds, class A certificates rose 1% to
23%; Chicago and Erie firsts. 1 to 108; Colorado
Midland cotibol fours certificates, 1% to 21%;
Readirg general fours, 13's to 7534: do first pre
ferred, li/s to 283 ; Texas Pacific firsts, 1% to
85; Ohio Southern' sixes fell Ito 88; Chesapeake
and Ohio general four and a halts, 1 to 73, and
Hocking Valley consol fives, 2 to 86.
Grain.
FLOUR— Firm and fairly active: city mills,
$4(a;4 10. Winter Wheat, low grades, $2 25@
2 66: do fair to fancy. 92 65 @ 3 30: do
patents, $3 45 ©3 75: Minnesota clear. 92 50
03 10; do Straits, 93@3 35; do patents, 93 15
@4 10; low extras. $2 25@2 65; City Mills. S3 90
«4: do patents, S4(di 25. Rye mixture, 92 10@
3 20; superfine. 82®2 20. Southern flour— Steady ;
common to fair extras, 42 10 'a. 2 80; good to choice
do. 92 9043. Rye flour— Quiet, steady, $2 40©
2 85. Buckwheat flour. 91 20.
BUCKWHEAT— 3By 2 c elevator, 39% c deliv
ered: 3934*j.40c for February.
CORN MEAL— Steady; yellow Western, *2 25@
2 30: Brandy wine. $2 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39®40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, stronger: No. 2 red, store
and elevator, 73c: afloat, 74% c; f. o. b., 69®
76c: No. 1 nor:) 73.
Options were fairly active at I%c advance on
firmer cables, foreign buying, higher West and
local covering; May and July most active. No. 2
red. 711 for January; February, 71% c; March,
72c; Msy, 70c; July, 69."' c.
j CORN— Firm, dull: No. 2, 36%@36%c elevator;
37Vi@37% afloat.
Options were dull and firm at Vs®*!'B c advance.
May only traded in. January, 3'63-gc; February,
36c: May, SS'Jfcc.
OATS— Quiet, firmer. . Options, dull, firmer.
January, M*fcc: February. 24% c: May, 25c
Spot prices: No. 2, 24%@24y c: No. 2 white, 26;
No. 3. 2:' : ' +c; No. 3 white, 'zi*n<-y. mixed West
ern. 24%@25%c; white do, 25®'J8c; white State.
35928 c. : - * •
FEED BRAN-60@62%c
Provisions.
BEEF— Firm, *10@12. Beef hams, dull, 816 50.
Tierced beef, quiet, steady, city extra India mers,
$16 00®17 00; cm meats, unsettled; pickled
bellies, 1 •_.';& 1 4 ■; do shoulders, 6c; do hams, 8%
(a.9r.
LARD— Dull, weak: Western steam, 95 90: city,
95 50: January, 85 90; refined, quiet;' Conti
nent. 86 45; South America, 96 60; compound,
94 75@5.
PORK— Steady.
BUTTER— Quiet; liberal receipts: lower; State
dairy. 16@19c: do creamery, 15®19c: Western,
creamery, 15@20c; do June, 14@18%c; do factory,
9 1 _.@l s i/ 2 c : Elgins. 20c; imitation creamery, 14®
17c: rolls. 9@l4c. ...
CHEESE— Firm; State large, 7%@Bi4c; do
small, 7s,4@]oVi; - part skims, 3%g&7c; full
skims, 2@3c.
EGGS— quiet; State and Pennsylvania,
18®19c: Southern, 16y 3 @17%c; icehouse, 15®16c:
do case. 82 50@3 76; Western fresh, lT'^'ij.lSc;
limed, 15c. *M*x*maVa*Vtßßl2aai
TALLOW— Quiet, City, 3%c: country, 4@4VsC.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, steady. Crude. 241/fc
@25c: yellow, prime. 28 Vic; do off grades, 26 s,
ROSIN— DuII. Strained, common to good,
SI 60<31 65.
TURPENTINE— steady: 2 ®32c-
POTATOES— Steady. Sweets, $2Cd4 75.
RlCE— Steady. Domestic fair to extra, 3®
e^i ■; Japan. 3»A@4c.
COFFEE— Quiet, dull, 5 to 20 points down:
January, $13 20@13 25; February. $13 06@13 10;
March, $13 00: May, $12 60@12 65; September,
$1160, Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7, 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, firm; - fair refining, 3-Vgc;
centrifugals, 96 test, 3*"4.r. Refined, firmer, some
grades higher: No. 6. 43/ 8 c; No. 7. 43/ c; No. 8.
4 l-16c; No. 9, 4*/ic: No. 10. 4 3-16 c; No. 11,
4 1-16 C: No. 12, 3%c; No. 13, 3 15-16 c: off A,
4 916 c: mold A. 6Vic; standard A, sc; con
fectioners' A,4" 8 cut loaf and crushed, 6.% c;
powdered and cubes, 6i/4c; granulated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, / i©9T/»c.
PEACHES— PeeIed 1895. 15 c; do unpeelea 1895,
OSifcjsi/jc: unpeeled 1894. 5JA@7c.
PRUNES— four .sizes, 5i/ 4 c.
RAISINS — London layers. 85c@$l 05; do
4-crown, 4@sc: 3-crown, 3Vi@3Vfec
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, lf@l2c; do, soft-shell
9@9V4<s-
WALNUTS— Standard, 6"/ B @7c; do soft-shell
&iA®loc
HOPS— DuII, unchanged.
WOOL Firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American. $11 76®13 50.
COPPER— Steady: Lake. *9 75<59 87*/..
LEAD firmer: domestic, $30"/".'(i£306/8-
TlN— Steady: -straits, $13 15(0,13 20; plates,
quiet.
SPELTER-Nominal; domestic, $4. -
' CHICAGO 'MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. With apparently little
difficulty or exertion wheat prices made again of 2c
this morning and the sellers of yesterday were
eager buyers. The strength occasioned surprise,
from the fact that it was of such great force, seem-,
ing to take possession of the market in a decisive
manner and. uot growing gradually as most gen
erally is the case. The tailing off in the movement
in ., the Northwest attracted much attention this
morning, ami U may be said that that was the
primary, cans* of the strength. There were dis
couraging reports on thp Argentine crop received,
out they wen. in line with the previous intelli
gence '^fli)lilfll* rfl^P*lf^llfiB ll 'ilUr" -^*nWlW|BMf^^
.Minneapolis and Duluth received 265 cars to-day,
ACi.n.LilO las*. Wednesday and 163 on the corrc
spending dov a year ago. Chicago receipts were 70
cars and 48,712 bushels were inspected from store.
Liverpool cables were quiet and firm. Several
large lines of "short" wheat were covered to-day,
probahlv 4.000,000 to 6.000.000 bushels of that
class being brought in. Continental markets were
generally higher. Export clearances , were mode
rate at 214,439 bushels. May wheat opened from
6iy,c to 81fifeA61*4c, advanced to 63V4c, closing
at 63c, is,i@i7/ 8 c higher than yesterday. Esti
■ mated receipts for to-morrow, 40 cars.
CORN— Acknowledged the influence of the
strong wheat market by advancing moderately.
The improvement was not marked by any en- ,
thusiasm, however, the position of corn not war
ranting Independent firmness.- Liverpool cables
were quiet and easy. Receipts were 465 cars, 85
more than expected. Withdrawals from store
were 279,750 bushels. Export clearances aggre
gated 208,359 bushels. May corn opened at 29Vic,
advanced to 29 ,4ffi29'"/ B e, closing at 29%-. B/fe®VfcC
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 516 cars. -
OATS— An advance equivalent to that of corn
took place in oats, the strength prevailing In wheat
being the potent factor. Receipts were 158 cars.
There were no withdrawals from store. May oats
closed a 8 c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 162 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. lash, 92V2@92J.ic; May,
961 Receipts were 30 cars.
PROVISIONS— On adeclineofsc in hog prices
at tne yards the impulse of product at the opening
was to'recede, but the strong upward inclination
of wheat checked the weakness and exerted suffi
cient Influence to cause a recovery. The Orange
Judd Farmer issued a report on tho number and
values of farm animals to January 1. In reference
to hogs it stated : -'The total number of hogs Is less
than 2 per cent smaller than a year ago, loss from
sickness in some districts being offset by substan
tial increase in others, notably the south and the
districts that suffered a corn failure In 1894." May
pork closed 10c lower than yesterday; May lard
7^@loc lower, and May ribs 6@7y a c lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 6iy 2 c: May, 63c; July,
61 '.>c. *3SB_a
c6rN— January, 27s/ 8 c; May, 295' 8 c; July,
30V_.@30%c.
OATS— January. 1814 c: May. 20* 2 (ffi2o.%e.
PORK— January, 810 22y,; May, 510 62' 2 .
LARD-January, $5 62y 2 : May, $5 92 Vs.: July,
$6 05.
RlßS— January, 85 021/2: May, $5 27y 2 ; July,
*5 40.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7 per
cent on time loans. New York exchaugs sold at
par. '.:.' ■■''■'
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., Jan. 22.— Buyers
I did not want many cattle to-day and prices for
'1 that reason were 6 (310 c lower. The supply was
only a moderate one. The receipts of hogs ex
' ceeded the requirements to-day and prices declined
i 6c. This was the first reaction in values In several
j days. Sheep were 10c lower. Offerings were quite
large.
CATTLE — Receipts, 15,000. Fancy beeves.
$4 70@4 80; choice to prime 1303 to 1700 pound
steers, 94 25@4 60; Blockers, 600 to 900 pounds,
92 60@3 50: cows and heifers, extra, *3 50@4;
Texas fed steers, 93@4 10. Texas bulls and cows,
$2 40(0.3 10. '
HOtTs— Receipts. 30,000. Heavy packing and
•shipping lots, 93 95@4 15; common to choice
mixed. $3 80@4 15; choice assorted, 94 05@
4 15; light, 93 90@4 20; nigs, 93 :.6@l 05.
SHEEP— 16,000. Inferior to choice,
92 40&4 50; lambs, 93 25@4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange. Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3^4%; last loan at '6%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7*i'. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dol
lars, 62*40. Sterling exchange is easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 8734
for sixty days and 94 86Si@4 89 for demand.
Posted rates, $4 88@4 89%- Commercial bills,
S4 863.4(5;* 87%. Government bonds irregular;
State bonds higher: rauroad bonds easier. Silver at
the board was neglected.
IXCBIXCI STOCK*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 93 Norfolk A Wes"... *%
Atchison l' r 'B Preferred I>t
Preferred '-'- 1 ,4 North American... 4:< 4
Adams Express... l*s Northern Pacific. 3
Alton, Haute. 54 j Preferred 1- ' 3
American Express.llo Nonnwestern. OS?/,
American Tobacco. 78 | Preferred 1441,
Preferred 99 N. Y. Central.. 96 ".4
BavStateGas -0 N. Y. ChicagoAS.L 14
Baltimore <£ Ohio.. 38 i Ist preferred SI
Brunswick Lands.. % 2d preferred. 23
Buffalo, Roch AP. 12 IN. Y. &N. H ... ,I*o
Canada Pacific... 64 N. Y.ANew Ens. 45
Canada Southern.. 48*4 N. Y. Susq & W... 0
Canton .Land 60% Preferred 24y a
Central Pacific... 2 Ontano 10
Ches.«St Ohio 15*8 Ontario <£ Western. 1334
Chicago Alton 153 Oregon lmpiovmc. 2""'
Preterrea 170 j Preferred
Chicago, B. A Q 75 4 Oregon Navigation. 14
Chicago AE. 111... 41 : Oregon Short Line. 6' i
Preferred 98 Pacific Malt :25", 8
Chicago <j as 64""4 Peoria, D. A Evans. 2"*4
Cleve<fe Pittsburg. lsß Pittsburg A W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. '-.9 .Pullman Palace.. .lsl
Consolidated Ga5. .144% Quicksilver 2%
C. C. C. A St. Louis. 38 ) Preferred 15%
Preferred......... 86 Reading 9%
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 26 RioGrande&Westn 13
Preferred 100 | Preferred 42
Cotton Oil Cert.... 16 jßock 151 and....... 663/,
Commercial Cable. 130 Rome Wat AOgdenllt?
Del. Hudson 125*4 St. L. & S. W tU-
Del.LackAWesternltiO I Preferred lOVa
DenverJtß.G 1 2 \-_ St. Paul 691/8
Preferred 44 I Preferred 1261,4
Distillers...' 15%'8t. Paul* Duluth. 23
General Electric... 26 3 's ; Preferred fes
Erie 15 /8 St. Paul & Omaha. 36
Preferred 21% Preferred 120
Fort Wayne....... 100 St. P. M. & M 109
GreatNorthernpfd.no silver certincat 67%
Green Bay Vi Southern Pacific. 20-
Harlem 280 soutneru R. R 9%
Hocking C0a1....... 1 | Preferred 27*/
Hocking Valley... 18% Sugar Rennery....lo2Vj
Homestake 'xH | Preferred .. 96%
H. A Texas Cent.. 1% Term. Ccjal <__. Iron. 26%
Illinois Central.... 99.2 Preferred 100
lowa Central 7 1 /2 Texas Pacific 7Si
Preferred 27 IToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Kansas A Texas... 11 1 01. A Ohio Can.... 30
Preferred 25% l Preferred 65
Kingston A Pern... 3 \i ol. St. Louis &K.O. 6
Lake Erie A Westn 19 1/4! Preferred 14
Preferred......... 71 1,4 Union Pacific 3%
La*e Shore 14'_' iU. P.. Den. & GulL 8
National Lead 237/3! U.S. Cordage 514
Preferred 831,41 Preferred 10
Long Island 81% Guaranteed 20%
Louisville A Nash. 45 1/ U. S. Express 38
Louisville NsufcCh. 914 C. S. Leather 93/ 8
Preferred 18 1 Preferred. 62%,
Manhattan Consol. loo 1 U. S. Rubber 27
Mempnis A Charts. 15 i Preferred 85
Mexican Central... 9 Utlca AB. River..
Michigan Central.. 94 ' VVab. S. L. & Pac.. 6
Minn *s. i_ — , Preferred 16s/
Preferred,... .— . Wells-Fargo 95
Minn. A St. L com. 18 Western Union..... 82Va
Ist preferred 74 Wis Centra,.. 314
2d preferred 42 Wheeling AL. E.. 11
Missouri Pacific... V*94 Preferred 35
Mobile & 0hi0..... 22%' Am Cotton Oil pfd. 63
Nashville Chatt.... 65 W U Beef 7l/ a
National Linseed.. 18 L I Traction- 18%
N.J. Central 99% Ann Arbor :.... '
CT.OFi.Na snxiw.
ÜB4B,reg 108 MKT2ds 68VS,
Do, 4s coupon. ..losy 2 D 0.45..... S3
U 8 45newreg.....113 (Mutual Union .115
Do, 4s coupon. ..ll4i/ 2 !N J Cent Gen 55...114 i/a
Do. 25... 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll3l/2
Do. 6«. 11l I Do, 2d5..... 100
. Do. 6s c0up0n... .112% Do, 5f15. ..... 88
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Northwest Consols.l 4o%
D 0.1897 .....100 I Do.deb 5* lOBy,
D 0.1898 100 [ORANlsts.. . 107 i?
Do. 1899 li>o SiLAlronMtGen'6s 79
Pacific 6s of '95.... IStL A S Gen 6s. 102
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols ...135VC_
Ala Class A 4..... 109 St. P. C. &Pa 112 xt
Do. Class 84, ss. 1 11 ! Do. Pac Cal xsts..lo9
LaConsoMs ...96 Southern R. R. 6s. 90
1 Missouri funding Texas Pacific firsts 841/2
I __J Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pac seconds. 19
Do, 4s 102 UnionPac 101
Po Carolina 4%5...104 West Shore 4s 104%
> Term new am 84 ' Mobile A Ohio 45.. 65
j Va funding debt... 59-. r Grande West lsts 74Vi
£°« reg Che5&065...„...106%
Do, deferred 65... 6 % Atchison 4s 72%
Do. trust rep st 5% Do. 2dsA..„ »_
Canada South 2ds.. GH«tSA6s 105
i Cen Pac lets of '9s 100 Do, 2d 7s. JOO
J Den Gist 112 [H A Tex Centos". 107
i _ : i * > ' *■ 831 A Do.con6s 104
Erie 2d«. ........... 70 Beading 75
Kansas Pa Consols 72 Missouri U5. ....... 100
Ks Pa Ist* Dendivloe |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN' LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, E.vo., Jan. 23.— the spot market
Is steady at 5s 7d@ss 7y 2 d. Cargoes are quiet at
27s 10% d December. H
FUTURES. .
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter; Janu
ary, ss6i4d; February, 5s 6V«d; March. 6s 7d-
April, 7d; May, 6s 7y 4 d. ' '
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esn., Jan. 22.— Consols, 107»>4: sil
ver, 30s/ 8 d; French Rentes, 10 if 85c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
sterling Excnange, 5ight..'..... - .... — ■ 4 89
sterling Cables. _ . ■ 89%
New York Exchange, sight — par
New.York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Flue Silver, *£. ounce — 07
Mexican Dollars... 53% 64
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are lower at 2359 d, with
some spot chartering . going , on. ilw chartered
Wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
64,627, against 32,730 tons on the same dale last
year: disengaged. ,52,300 ions, against 69,600;
on the way to this port, 212,000 tons, against 180,
--000.
WHEAT— The Marie Hack eld takes for Cork
62,776 ctls, valued at $62,775; Lauriston, for Aus
tralia. 80.782 ctls at $91,945.
" Futures have been going up rapidly for several
I days under heavy May purchases by a large ship
per. Advancing foreign and Eastern markets are
supposedly the cause of the rise. Spot Wheat
sympathizes with futures and is also going up.
'1 he demand it good, but there is not much busi
ness as holders are no: offering In view or the pro
nounced upward tendency. No. 1, $1 08%@1 10
"e-CU; choice, tilling: lower grades, $I@l 07Vs;
extra choice tor milling, $1 15©1 20. ••-•■' "■■
CALL SALES.
Inform* Session —in o'clock — May— loo
tons, $1 13Vi; 200, $1 13" /8 ; 100, $1 14; 2000,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
Rl ISCfc: 1300, 81 13%: 600, $1 13%. Decern-,
ber— loo, $1 16; 1300. *1 16Vi: 300. $1 16y 2 . -
KEorus Morning Session— December— 3oo
tons, $1 15S/ 3 ; 1200.81 15^.. May— loo, $1 13%;
200, $1 13V4 : 600, $1 138/ a", 2500. 81 18%. Seller
'96, new. storage paid— 2oo, 81 12; 100, 81 121,4;
100.81 12%. Spot, storage paid— loo, $1 10*.;.. .
Afternoon Session— May— 2soo tons, $1 14;
1600, 13%; 1300,$! 13%; 100, $1 14 14: £00,
$1 141/8. December— 3oo, 81 15% ; 400, $1 16;
500. $1 1614: 300, 81 163.
. BARLEY-Shipment of 54,006 ctls Brewing,
vluod at $43,000, to England.
The market continues quiet at previous prices.
Feed, 67 a 70c ; choice, 71J-/ic; Brewing, 75®
82 "Ac; chevalier, $1 10@1 20 for No. 1 and 75c®
$1 %. ctl tor off grade.
CA LI. BOARD SALES.
I . Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
llwii'iAß Morning Session — No sales.
3An r.NooN session— Mav— 2oo tons, 708/sC'
100, 7034 c; 100, 70% c; 400,71; 100, 71*/ 8 c; 100,
7H/4C.
OATS— Are steady and In fair local demand at
full figures. Milling quotable at 77Vi@85c ; fancy
Feed, 85@90c ij. ctl; good to choice, 77^i@85c
ctl; common to fair, 65@75c "£ ctl; Gray, «0@
85c; Red, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed. $1 10
<&1 30: do for feed, 75@85c; Surprise, 96c@$l 05.
CORN— Yellows have advanced again slightly,
but the market is dull. White shows no change.
Large Yellow. 90c "# ctl; Small Round do, 90c;
White. 82V2(«86c $ ctl.
RYE— Continues weak and quiet at 7B@Boc *£ ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85c@$l f. ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Firm at the advance, with prospects of
still higher prices. Net cash prices are: Family
extras, $3 65@3 75: Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65;
superfine. $2 50@2 60 "if. bbl.
COENMEAL. ETC.— Corn, $19 60@20 "a
ton: Cracked Corn. $20 "p. ton.'
MI LLSTUFFS- Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2"'4 c; Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 2 c; Corn
meal, 2'*4@3c; extra cream do, 3*/ 2 c: Oatmeal,
/4 c: Oat Groats. 4y_c: Hominy, 4@4 Vac; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y.c: Farina.
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4 i' 3 c;
Pearl Barley, 4i/ 2 c; Split Peas, 4:'4c; Green do,
6 Vic «. lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. -
BRAN— Is in large receipt and weak at $12@13
If. ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades op to
820 50 "£ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 "#. ton; jobbing,
822 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, *21.
HA V— Receipts continue light and prices do not
vary. Prices show no change. Wheat, $B®l2 60
*JUon; Oat. B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, $7 50(3
11 50 *j. ton; Barley, $7@9 50: Alfalfa, $6@9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@11; Stock, $6<§
7 60 ft ton.
j STRAW-35@60c *«. bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The market is dull and unchanged.
Bayos. $I@l 15 %. ell: Small Whites. $1 25®
1 60; Pea, $1 50ta>l 65; Large Whites. $1 15@1 26;
Pink, 90c@$l l'/i/i: Reds, $1 35@1 40; Blackeye,
«175@185; Red Kidney, $1 75@1 90; Limas,
82 60t02 75 ; Butters, $1 60@1 70 %. ctl.
SEEDS— Trade is dull all around. Brown Mustard,
91 93®'-' 05 *£ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 -M: Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40@1 60; Flax. $1 70@1 75; Canary, 3' 4
@3y 2 c *£ lb; Alfalfa 6Vi@6V^c *#.:»>; Rape, 1'' 4
@2ct4 lb; Hemp, 4 c *» It.. ;
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 50 *$ ctl for
Niles. Offerings light.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— A new shipment of Oregon Pota
toes is in, but no sales have yet been made. Sweets
are in bad condition and nominal. Volunteer New-
Potatoes, I@l Vie "if. lb: Salinas Burbanks. 60@90c %.
Ctl; River Burbanks, 26@40c $ sack: Oregon Bur
banks. 60@76c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 60@65c;
Oregon Peerless, 60i&60c; River Reds, 45<g.50c "£
ctl. -
ONIONS— Firm atsl@l 10: Cut Onions, 80@90c
if. ctl. Oregon sold at 81 25®l 35.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms are in overstock
and weak at 4@loc *£ lb, outside figures for choice
Buttons. Dried Peppers, 6@loc "$ lb; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 50c@Sl "f. box: Green Peas. 4®
6o f. lb; string Beans. -; Dried okra, 12% c;
Cabbage, 40@50c Vi ctl: Garlic, 4@Dc "if. tb; Mar
rowfat Squasa, 9 15® 20 V ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The two cars of Eastern did not dis
turb the market as much as expected, Good stock
is steady but poor ■ stock . drags. Turkeys are
higher.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobblers and 12@1 3c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13®16c *£ lb; Geese,
"if. pair, $1 25(g)l 75: Ducks, $5(0.6 60: liens, 94®
5: Boosters, young. 94 50(015 60: do, old. $4®4 60:
Fryers, ,94 60@5 ; Broilers, 94 50 for large and
93®4 for small; Pigeons. 91 50@2 "£ dozen for
young and $I®l 25 for old.
GAME— We quote only good stock. Poor stock
sells far below tne quotations and most of the ar
rivals are poor. Hare. $1(0.1 25; Rabbits, 81 25®.
1 60 for Cottontails and"7sc@9l for small: Gray
Geese, $2(3)2 50: White Geese, 75c®$l; Brant,
91 25; Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $2@2 50; Jack
Snipe, 91 & dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There Is hardly any stock here and
the market rules firm in consequence.
Cp.eameky— Fancy, 27®28c; seconds, 25®26c
V- lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 24(325c: good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades, 18®21c.
CHEESE— Continues in slender supply and firm.
Fancy mild new is Quotable at ll@ll%c 'p. lb;
special marks higher still; common to good, 8®10c:
Cream Cheddar. ll®12c; Young America, ll'a;i2c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12®13c "ii. lb.
EGGS— -The market continues to shade off si owl v.
Buyers exact concessions ano the feeling is weak.
Good to choice Eastern, 20®'_!lc "£ dozen; seconds,
18®l»c: store Eggs, 18®19c; ranch Eggs, 20®
22% c "f» doz. . .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples are very dull and
plentiful at 75c@91 i& box for good to choice,
50®65c for common to fair and 51 25 for fancy;
Siskiyou Apples, 7 sc(g,?l 60.
CITRUS ITS— Oranges, Lemons and Limes
are all slow and plentiful. Mandarins are almost
cleaned up. California Oranges : are quotable
at Si 25@1 60 f, box for Seedlings and 91 60®
2 60 "£ box for Navels: Japanese Mandarins,
81 25©l 50 ~t box; Lemons, 91@1 60 for common
and 92®2 50 for good to choice: California Limes,
75c ~f. box; Mexican Limes. ■ 85®6: Bananas, 91
@2 r bunch; Pineapples, 82 60@5 %. dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAtSiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The expected spring revival
has not yet made its appearance, but dealers are
looking for it every day. It generally appears
about this time. The following prices rule on the
Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c "j. lb for quar
tered, 3@3V^C "£ ft for sliced and 414 c*p lb for
evaporated ; Peaches, 3y 2 @4c «. lb and 5y 2 @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7y 2
R'-Xc for prime to choice, 9y 2 c for fancy and 10(g)
lie "£ lb for fancy Moorpark; Fig., black, 2@2*^c
for unpressed: White Pigs, 3Vg@4c in sacks: Pears,
7c If. lb for evaporated halves, 4(a.ti'-- J %« lb for
quarters: Prunes. 334 c: Plums, 4c f. lb for pit
ted and lVi@2y 2 cfor unpitted; Nectarines, s<stic
"£ lb for prime to choice and 6y c for fancy.
■('rhino Prick*— Apples, 4@4y c: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for fancy ; peeled, in" boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c "ft lb for 40@60's
and 5c for 60@'.0's; Apricots, OfeO' c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, 18/i@2y 2 c; White Figs, 3(§isc; Pears, 6y c
for evaporated halves and 3@5' /2 c for quarters;
Plums. 3 Vie for pitted and l'g)iy 2 c tor unpltted:
Nectarines, 4@sc "p. lb for prime to choice. •
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c *$ box; 'four-crown, loose,
3 /<_c "^ lb; three-crown, loose, 2V4c;- two-crown.
2c: seedless Sultanas, 384@4c: seealess Muscatels,
2y2@234c: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 36@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c
f. lb. .-<■■-,■
Jobbiko Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2V4@2V c: 2-crown, l*"4@'_!c; Seedless Sul
tanas. 33/ 4 'g(4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c@$l; clusters, Si 40@1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 75':
Dried '.rapes, 2 Vie.
NUTS— Chestnuts,. 6@Bc *■". lb; Walnuts. 7fSißc
*P lb for No. 1 hard and SiagVi for softshell, job
bing lots; Almonds, U@7",-?c lor Languedoc and
B'/i_@loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, SVi®
4c 't_ tb for California; Hickory nuts, s@t>c;
l'eca'ns, 6c for rough and 8c for. polished; Filberts,
Bfo9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc *£ lb; • Cocoanuts,
t-l 50"3 IS $ 100. ■•..... ' - - ■
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c *jj. lb for
bright and B@9c "£ lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@sVic "if. lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4V4@43 / ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX-24@'z7c *# lb. • .
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— DuII and unchanged. Bacon,
6c for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c for light, 10c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, lie *£ lb; California Hams, 9Vi
T3loc; Mess Beef, $7 *. bbl : extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do. S9@9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 f. bbl; ex
tra clear. $14 *£. bbl; mess, $13 "j. bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9y (ißloc f, lb. • . :
LARD— Eastern, tierces. " Is quotable . at 6c "f,
lb forcompouuu and 7y c for pure; palls, He; Cali
fornia tierces, 6y 2 c for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 6Vic: 10-Ib tins, 7c; do 51b, 7@7Vic "ft lb.
COTTOLENE— 7Vic In tierces and 8c %. lb In 10-
Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The market shows no
movement and prices are unchanged. Heavy salted
steers, 7c: culls and brands, 6c; | medium, 6c: culls
and brands. sc: light. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides. o@sVic; culls and orauds, 4@4'/ 2 c: salted
Kip, 5c %. ft; salted Calf, 8c t* lb; salted Veal.
Be: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7®7%c;
dry. Kip and Vtfal,- 9c: culls. 6y 2 @7c: dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, 6c:
Deerskins, good summer, . 25(a.30c; medium. !.><_)
25c; winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c each: short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@50c each long wool, 65c each. ! Culls of all kinds
about 1/.C less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, . 3S4@4c; No. 2," 3®
3V«c: refined, s*>4c; Grease, 2V-jc "fe. lb.
.WOOL— The market is dull, stocks are greatly
reduced and the assortment is now confined to two
or three sorts. We quote. Fall as follows: Eastern
Oregon. 10011 c; San: Joaquin- and southern, 3®
sc: free Mountain, 6®7c; defective do, 4©6 c"s lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4@sc "p. tb. Shipment Of 50,
--134 lbs, valued at $2500. to England. The market
continues lifeless. Buyers want to purchase at 3c,
but rind no sellers At this ruinous price. :; :,\ .- -.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGs— No future business of any consequence.
Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery, $4 10®
4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 *£ ton;
£ew Wellington. $8 ?. ton; Southfleld Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle. $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend, $6 60: Scotch, $7 50; Brvmbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $16 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel.fS; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and I'leasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 *$ ton in* sacks.
CANNED FRUIT— Apricots are quotable at $1
@1 05 £ dozen; Peaches, sl 10@1 30; Pears, $1 25
(a.l 35 *s» dozen: White Cherries, $2 25; Black Cher
ries, $1 75; Plums, »0c(dl$l.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 72y 2
« >/-"& r 1 dozen ; Feus, 85c@$l 05 ¥. dozen.
COFFEE— The improved tone is maintained.
Co ,ta Rica— 2oy 2 @2iy c nom. to prime
washed: 20c nom. for good; 19<al9V?c mini, for
good mixed with black beans; 17y2"3»18i/ 2 c nom.
for fair; 14@16VaC nom. for common to ordinary.
Sa' vador— 2 @2oi/4C nom. for fair 10 good
washed; 2 (Al9c for good bleached and green
unwashed.
Guatkmata and Mkxican- 21@21 i/ 2 tb for
prime to strictly prime washed; 20@20.">4c for
good to strictly good washed ; 18 1/^(S'l9 :, for fair
washed; 16y 2 @lßc for medlumf 15(g»16'4c for
ordinary: 12V»@l4ifec for Inferior to common:
21Vi@22c for" good to prime washed peaberjy :
201/2'- nom. for good unwashed peaberrv.
FISH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 100-Ib cases
quotable at 6c "jr. lb; 50- lb bundles, 5c 9 tb: Silver
King Strips, 8c %. lb; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c *£. lb;
Tablets, 8c 9 lt>; Sesbrignt Blocks. 71/2 C: Pacific
Herring, 18c *£ box; Dutch do, $I@l 25 "j. keg;
"A hitetish, $1 50 in half-bbls and $175 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26-; No. 3, $24; half-bbls— No. 1,
$12; No. 2, $10 60; No. 3, $9 50; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2, $1 60: No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— $40 %. flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 90c *j* gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c: do. raw, 48c; cases, 5c
more: Lard Oil, bbls, 51c; China Nut, 39@47c V
gal.
PETROLEUM— Prices are Vie lower all around.
Starlight quotable at 20i' 2 c %* gal: Eocene, 22"/ 2 c
is gal; Astral, 20y 2 c"f. gal; 150* Elaine, 26 Vic $
gal: Pearl, 20y 3 c; Water-white, refined, bulk,
15y>c: headlight, 175°, cases, 22i/ 2 c; Standard,
110° fire test, lSVac'g gal In cases (caps), 19c fau
cets and 14i/ c in bulk; Mineral Seal, bulk,
19c: wood bbls. 2iy c: cases. 24c %. gal. Mineral
Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls, 2'/i /2 c; cases, 25c "K.
gal.
GASOLINE, ETC. — 63° Benzine, bulk, 16c;
cases, 21c; 74° Gasoline, bulk, 17c; cases, 22c; 86°
Gasoline, bulk, 24c ; cases, 29c per gal.
WHI'l E LEAD— Quoted at 6' ' 2 c *{. lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6y 2 c $ tb.
TURPENTINE— 50c *fi gal.
CANDLES— ParafHne descriptions are higher.
Granite Candles. 6s, 16 07.. are quotable at 1014 c;
do. 14 9y c ; do, 12 oz, 8*.4, c; do, 10 oz, 8 14 c; Elec
tric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz, 83/ic;do. 14 oz, 8c;
do. 12 oz, 7y 2 c; do, 10 oz, 6%c; Paraftine Wax
Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s. 14 oz, 91/ic;
assorted colors, same sizes, 10i4c*jj_ lb.
LEATHER— Trade continues dull. Extra heavy
Sole, 27@28c for No. 1 and 25(^260 for No. 2 ; heavy
Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c for No. 2: medium
Sole, 26c for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2; light Sole,
25c for No. 1 and 23c *3 lb for No. 2. , '- . . :..•>.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash : Cube, Criisheo, j Powdered
nd Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, sc;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 43/ 8 c: Extra
C, 4 V4c; Golden C, 4' s c; half-barrels, j vie more
than barrels, and boxes s/"C more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
¥ gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET
Beef, Mutton and Fork are all firm and an ad
vance in Mutton is looked for within a few days.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 5%®6c; second quality,
@sc; third do. 3%®4c lb.
VEAL— Large. s®uc; small. 6®7c "£ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6®6%c: Ewes, 6c *. lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, ; yearlings, 7c <* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 35/ 8 c for large and 3s/ 8 c for
small: dressed do, 4% ©s %cij. lb.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, 95 "£ cord: Oak,
rough, 96 50; peeled, 99; Pine, 95 75; Railroad,
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9.
TANBARK-914 "S cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, 913
@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2, 811: No.
1 Flooring, *21@26; Lath, 92: Redwood, 816 for
No. land 813 for No. 2: Rustic, 918@23; Shingles,
common, 91 50: Shakes, $9 %. M.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PROUJUCE.
. FOR 24 HOURS.
Flonr.or. 5k5...... 3,495 Middlings, ska.... 667
Oregon 9,281; Hay. tons. 150
Washington..... 7,418 Straw, tons 10
Wheat, ctls 69.026 Hides, no 767
Washington...... 1,770 Pelts, bdls.... 143
Barley, ctls 26,750 Wine, gals. 26.450
Washington 300, Butter, ctls 352
Oats, Wash, ctls... 11,155 Cheese, ctls 36
Beans, sks. l,l7l|Kggs, doz 26,870
Potatoes, sks . 2,434 Wool, bis 4
Oregon 2,880 Lime, bbls 81
Onions, sks 247 Tallow, ctls ...... 88
Oregon 624iPaper, reams 100
Bran, .lcs... l.SOUi Flaxseed, Wah, sk 240
Oregon.... 4,400
THE STOCK MAEEET.
The leading stocks were all weaker yesterday, i
though the decline was hardly worth mentioning. '
Trade was dull and the market exhibited no fea
tures calling for especial comment beyond an ad
vance in Savage from 26c to 36c. Eei oris from
the mine speak of an improvement on the 950
level in the north prospecting drift started from
the west crosscut from the eighth floor of the
north upraise which is in 12 feet In $40 ore, which
is 5 feet wide.
Business was brisk on the Stock and Bond Ex
change, as will be seen by the list of sales.
NOTKS.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 15c per share, payable Janu
ary 24.
Bullion valued at $2000 has been received from
the Mayflower gravel mine.
At the recent annual meeting of the Pacific
Lighting Company directors were chosen M fol
lows: J. M. Livingston, Henry Williams. Warren
D. Clark, William Cllft and C. O. G. Miller. Mr.
Livingston was chosen president. The company
has plants at Eureka, Los Angeles. Santa Rosa
and San Bernardino. At the first-named, two
places business shows an increase, while at the
other towns it still suffers from competition to
some extent. On the whole, the net earnings have
enabled the company to pay regular monthiv divi
dends of 30c per share, or $6000. making a total of
$72,000 for the year 1895. The cash balance Jan
uary I was $11,800. The assets are reported at
$1,043,473, which shows a hook value of $52 per
share for the stock, which has been selling at $45
to $47 per share. .
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Mutual Savings Bank, held on the 21st insl., the
following officers and directors were elected:
President, James D. Pheian; first vice-presldem.
S. G. Murphy: second vice-president, John A.,
Hooper; James Mollltt, Robert McF.lrov, C. G.
Hooper. Prank J. Sullivan, L. P. Drex"ler and
Joseph D. Grant. George A. Story was : elected
cashier and secretary, and Frank J. Sullivan
attorney.
Savage— On the 950 level the north lateral
drift Is advanced a total distance of 170 feet; face
is In porphyry. The north prospecting drift
started from the west crosscut from eighth floor of
the north upraise is advanced 12 feet, in ore of
good quality. They have saved 40 cars of ore of
good quality from this drift; car samples average
$31 85 per ton: face continues In ore that assays
about $40 per ton.
Have resumed work in the east "crosscut from
the south drift eighth floor of the north upraise.
The north upraise was advanced ' - feet; , total
height, 102 feet: top is in quartz, giving some fair
assays. The west crosscut started 90 feet north of
the north upraise is advanced 33 feet: face is in
quartz and porphyry. '■
Gray Faulk— For the past week have run 30 feet
of tunnel: the formation has been hard cement
and boulders, mixed with many smooth washed
small blue gravel boulders. They struck the
north rim rock on the 17th inst., which has a
slight pitch toward the south rim, and extends
half way across the face, and Is commencing to
show cement gravel from which they get a small
prospect in gold by pan washing, and good pros
pects of getting into gravel- that will pay to run to
the mill within a few days. ■ ■ " ..,<.'
Assessments Pending.
Following is a list of assessments now pending*.
Company.
No. A
| In the
I Hoard.
Sale Day.
'\ 'iinan
Hale <fc Norcross....
■on. New York
Jccidental
Jhallenge
Mono
Ravage
\!ta
fustlce..
L'nion Con ■;..
'rown Point
Ijml.v Washington...
lulia C0n.\......;...
74
108
14
.21
20
30 •
8x
61
60
6'J
66
11
27
10 ..1 .-.ii 'J.Jan 27
15Maulo:.Feb\ 7
05 .JanW.Feb - 8
16j.Janl7l.Feb 10
oai.Jaa2ui.Feb ia
- 10.Jan30.Feb 25
201 . Fob 4 . Fob 26
10 .Feb .March 9
10. Feb .March 9
20 Feb 14. March 17
20. Feb 16. March 12
O6.Febl6l3March 10
Febl7'. March 11
BOAKU SALES. 5
Following were the sales in ths San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
nr.avs.Aß. morn rMO mf.s«itos- rovMKsntx* 9-. 30.
100 B A 8... .831200 HAS ....1.20900 Savage....S3
100 Bodie 38200 Kentck....o7 100. '...„. .....32
750 Choliar ....58 300 Mexican.. 68 500 ......33
100 CCfcV.. 2.4O 100.... 57 1000 ...:.. ....34
60 Eureka C.25 100 Occidtl... .85 100 8 Nev.... 43
100 <i etc 52:300 ............86100 YJackt. .45
100H&N..1.25 . .......... 87 100 ..;.... .....44
AFTKK.COOV BKSSIOW— '.IrSO. .^
100 8u1wer...;131 50 G A C......531100 Savage....
100 Ca1eda.. ..09 200 Mexican. .69 100 ...34
300 Ch011ar....58|100 Occidtl.... .. ...... 32
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : _ '
.•"•■"' EKfitTT.^n 'sK^srnv— lOiti. . ",
300 A10ha... ..211100 Confl.l.oaVaiSOO Potosi .....54
300 A1ta......08 400 Excnqr ...07 3900 Savage.. 3o
200 Andes 18600 A C 52 400 .31
400 Kelcher... .26 800 ....;...... .53|5800 34
LOO 8A8......84J00 HJiN ....1.25300 ............35
400 80die..... 38 200 ........1.27Vj!200 ..'..' .'.38
500 Bullion. ...17 500 Ju1ia...... .021800 Scorpion.,o2
400 Ca1eda.....09 400 Kentuck.,o7l4oo 8 B«fc M...10
600 Challge.. ..33 600 Mex.can..67 HOO 5Nev.....43
600 Choiiar....s9 100 0ccid......85 1000 S Hill.. 02
350 CC<S.V...2.V 8 600 861600 Union C...34
500 C P0int. ...20 300 0ph1r... 1.35 V Jacket..44
bOO ......... ...21 800 0vrmn....1b1 ?:,,-«: . ,
..,...,.,. -AFTERNOON eKSSION— 2:3I.
200 Alpha 211000 C 1mp ...02 300 Occidtl.. ..91
-'00 Aha... ....08 60 Court 1.021/. 300 0vrmn....18
300 Andes 100 ...:....;. 1.00 200 Ophirl.32y a
800 :...-......;. 19 4000 NY.... .06100 ..........1.35
200 Belcher. .26 500 C P0int... .20 300 P0t05i....;52
£-.2 £ * B ---S4 500 Exchqr... .071600 Savage....3s
200 80d.e..37y 400G C...... 53 1800 ... ....32
400 8u11i0n. ...17 300 H&N ...1.25 600 ...;..:. ....33
100 8u1wer....13 600 Kentuck.,o6 500 Scorpion..o2
300 Ca1eda....09 300 Mexlcan..s9 1500l 500 S B A M...09
*.?... Jjhallnge..332oo 60 400 S Nev. ...42
_.!!°. d 011"... .58 500 Mono . . . ... 06800 Sll Hi 11.. ..02
?,?»■ AV.*^;—^ 69 , 400 0ccidt1.. ..85|400 Uni0n... .34 i
200CCAV....23/ 8 100....... 86200 .36
6 " • — ...2.40200 88 2500 Utah... o7
100 ...... .2.421/2,400 901400 V Jacket.. 44
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 22-4 r. m.
a, -_ „ Bid. Asked.] Bid.Atked.
Alpha Con 20 22 Jackson.. — 40
Alt ».. 08 09 Julia.- ..I .'■-■:• 03
£,<■<-*• - 18 19' Justice 02 04
elcher 25 26Bentuck. 06 07
Best A Belchee, 84 85! Lady Wash.. — 01
BentonCon.... _ 40 Mexican 60 61
£°? le - 39 Mt. Diab10..... 15 20
Bullion.. 16 18.Mono 04 05
Bulwer.. _ 13 14 Nevada — 05
Caledonia 08 10' Occidental.. 90 91
Challenge Con. 33 35 Ophir 1.30 1.35
Choiiar 57 680verman .... 17 18
Con. Cal. &Va. 2. 40 2.45!P0t05i 7 52 64
Cuu. Imperial. 01 03 Savage. . .. 32 33
Confidence — 1.00 teg. Belcher... 09 10
Con.New — 06 Sierra Nevada. 42 43
Crown Point... 20 21 Scorpion 03 —
EastSierraNew — 04 Sliver H11...™ _ 03
Exchequer..... 06 07 ( Silver King 20 —
Eureka C0n.... — 25 Syndicate.. .... 02 —
Gould A Curry. 53 64 Union Coa 36 37
Haifcit Norcrs.l.'jo 1.26 Utah 06 07
lowa 02 — Yellow Jacket. 44 45
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 22-2 p. ic
UNITED STATES BONOS.
Sid. Asked.] . Bid. Asked.
V 4s c0up. .10734 — jU 84s reg... 10714 —
MISCELLANEOUS BOND?. '
Cal-stCbless. — 110 Do. 2d lss 6s. — -
CalElecL6s.lo6 - PAO Ry 63. - 108
CntraCW6s. - 100 PA Ch Rv 6s. 1021,41051/-
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116 V.
EdsnLAP 65.106 — Reno. WL<feL — 105
FACHRR6S.IO434IO7 RiverWCo6s — 100
Uearv-stRSs. — 105% SactoP A L.. 100 102»A
LosAnel_6s. — 101 .'SFANPRRSsIOO —
Do\Gnted.6s. — 101 V 2 'bPßßAriz6s 933/. 95
Mkt-stCble6sl22 — SPRRCaI6s..IIO —
DoßyConss..loß 108VaisPRRCal6s.. - 97Vi
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. 94 97Va
N PCRR6s.IO3V a — SVWater6s..l2o3,i - -
>■ RyCal6s.lOOV'a - SVWaterls... 99*/ »93/«
IN Ry Cal ss. — 103 Stktn<.AE6* — 103
Oak Gas 55..104V 2 — SunstTAT6s.lOU —
Do, 2d lss ss. 104 1/2 — Sutte_^stKss. — 110
Omnibus 65.. — 120 V"isaiiaWC6s — 92
PacßollM6a.. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 2 San Jose 75Va 96
Marin Co 49 — |SprlngValley 97 B7i/ 8
AS STOCKS.
Capital — 39 (Pacific Light. 4614 47
Central. 95 — Francsco 71*/;, 72
OakGLAH. 503'» 61 Stockton..... — JilVa
Pac Gas Imp. 79 793,£;
INSURANCE stocks.
FiremansFd.lD7i/2 — |Bun 56i£ —
COMMERCIAL bank stocks.
AmerBATC. — — ll.ondonPAA.l2B —
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — LondonASF. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 .Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISDATCo.. 58 60 Nevada „ — —
FirstNationl.l77 — bather CO- — —
Grangers — . — |
SAVINGS bank STOCKS
GerSALCo.I4IO - ISavALoan.. - 1021/,
HuuibS&L.lOOO - Security 210 250
Mutual. 35 114! Union Trust. — 820
St SavUnion — 490 |
STRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California... 105S/ 8 — Dak.SLAHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 Presidio 5 —
Market-5t.... 44 44V2 Sutter-st — —
.i_'i". *!. ":■< POWDKK STOCKS. . V r
Atlantic D... — LHiJudson — 77— '.-.'
California.... — fIS .Vigont '.. — 1
Giant — 19 I,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 97y, 99 OceanlcSSCo 17y a 22Va
BlkDCoalCo. — •10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMlils.. — - !l'ac Borax... 98 100
Cal Dry Dock. — — PacIANCo. — 30
EdlsonLight. 961,-j 971/4 Pac Roll Mill 22 30
<'er lead «_o. 85 — iParfPalntCo. 6 7y 3
GssConAssn. — — iPacTransCo. — 25
HawCASCo.. 7% • 8 TAT Co 55 —
HutchSPCo.. 13 4 SunsetTAl'.. 40 —
JudsonMfgO. — — jUnltedCC*. — 25
MerExAssulOO 110 I
MORN INO SESSION.
Board-SIOOO Edison LAP Bonds, s 10, 1063,1;
$1000 do, s 10, 106 Va; 200 Hawaiian Commercial,
7%: 100 Hutchinson si' Co, 13: 5 Market-st ail
way, 441 8 : $2000 S FA N P Railway Bonds, 200.
. Street-10 Bank of California, 230; 300 Hutch
inson S P Co, 13; 20 S F Gaslight, 72.
AFTKRXOON SESSION".
Board — 100 Hutchinson S P Co, 13%: 80S V
Water. 97%: 20 do, s 30, 97; $5000 SP4KP
Railway Bonds, 100.
Street-25 L P & A Bank. 129%; $2000 Market
st Cable Bonds, 122%; 93000 S F & N P Railway
Bonds, 100.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J L McFarland, Pasadna E Smith <twf, Oakland
L II Blxby, Los Angeles S P Stoutman, Mexico
F W Forbes, St Helena Mrs I^Roslet, Sisson
A Joseph Awf, Oakland A J Hanna. Red Bluff
P Mcintosh. Hanford S Potter. Martinez
E Haveland Jr. Cal B Kehl&wf, Los Ang
J H McLeod, Cal Jos Warner, San Jose
J M Polk, Oakland L A Sheldon, Pasadena
J I) Falrchild, Yuba Mrs F_ M Lowell, Los Ang
J C Hoi man, Lodi J Brown <twf,Blsbee, Ariz
Mrs James, Boston H s Webb, Corona
Miss James, Boston P p Dandridge, Monterey
T P Mayes, Fresno J D Bradley, Merced
A Field, Burlington F P Glffney. Pt Burrows
F J Asty, Henlcia J B Griffin, Victoria
T H George. Juneau G W Clarke. Seattle
3 N Besse, Kings City G A Wiley AW, Danville
P J Perkins. San Jose ' X Berwick, Monterey
Mrs C H Lux, San Jose FV Flint, Sacto
W E Duzan, Sacto Dr Dixon. Lemoore
L J Maddox, Modesto WE Sloan. Elsinore
XV S Hathaway, Minn II X Chambers Af, N V
H L Quids, St. Helena F J Han.bly, San Jose
Dr Stephen, Petaluma T J Weldo.i, Ukiah
P. P Thomas. Ukiah C A Ludlow Sacto
C Aull, F*olsom H Gould, Stockton
RUSS HOUSE. . 4^4
L B Hughes. San Jose J H Lively, Fresno
A V Tapscott, Red Bluff J Vail, Calistoga
Mrs Foxiiall. Calistoga V M Johnson, san Jose
S Steele. San Jose G H McDermott. Fresno
3 Meyer, Colo .i D Smiley, Los Angeles
E tf Parker. Stockton A P Smith. Stockton
A T Force, Lakeport W S Wilkinson A w, Cal
M H Baldwin, Humboldt E Crawford, Oakland
3 Wood & w, 11l . M Wood, 111
C 1' Rosecrans.Allegbany L Hertoff, Salinas
F F Coruduff, Biggs II Muller, Butte
J Hill AS, Nevada P A Wells, Chicago
Mr.. Brawn, Chicago F O Norris, Portland
H H Porter, Denver, 8 S Story, Sonoma
JII Rucker, San Jose Mrs J LHebbring.Gazelle
J R Norcross, Healdsbrg Mrs Mize & d. Healdsbrg
Miss EH Ford. Healdsb Miss M Mevers Ilealdsbc
Miss LMeyers.Healdsbg S Jasinski A w 111
II Smith, w <t d, 111 X Bender, Morgan Hill
R II Cavanagh.Morgn H J H Kiernan, Pt Gamble
}•■ E Lewis, Seattle .las Malonev, Oakland
«F, Jones San Jose T A Sweeny, Santa Cruz
V II Winston A w, Mass J Tombs Aw, Grafton
W it Howell, Denver T Smart, San Bernardino
A \ an Wormer, St Louis Mrs I; D Werner, Port! nd
Peter Schmitt. Portland J M Walling, Nev City
y, t' Week, Chicago J - v Carroll Aw. Portland
.1 H Eastrrday, Tacoma W S Fisher. Reno
D S High, Jonesville - -v-
LICK HOUSE..
Charles Wood, Davlsville W A Kearny. Salinas
r  .. ardner ' I<laho . George Frioli, Ida (.rove
XV P.Hammatt, N V Israel Saunders, N V
W Darmal. Los Gutos R Summers, san Jose
W H Cleary.Sheepßanchß White A w, Lake Co
ML Hewett, wA s, Cal L F Hatfield, Sacto
:^r n Peaks ' Stockt °*> S Meyerstein. Ventura
,Y. , Rogers, Amalia X B Bush, Hanford ,
,; .1 Heater, Madera A Longstreet, Chicago*
II N Boggs. Stockton H E Cobb, Chicago
1 "/^. Coke v ' al S H Chester, San Rafael
H S Dusenberg, Oakland M N Hirsch, Cal
,V Siever ' Enreka Abner J Sevier. Eureka
W Sullivan, I ,os Angeles Mrs J Lynne, Verbaßuena
T Quinn, Walla Walla A G Clongh, Merced
0 X rsorrtgren, Merced A Relnhaus, Fr Gulch
A V Papne, Crocket W E Smith, Menlo Park
John <_oyle, los Gatos F R Griffin, Petaluma
M Sanders. San Jose James Phillips, San Jose
1 Miller, Stockton J Wilson, Santa Rosa -
It M -teward.Washingtn G F Buck, Stockton
E X Andrews A w, Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W H Simmons, N Jersey M McKoberts.Nw Jersey
1 Oarner. New Jersey S Gafner, New Jersey
£ £ c ,-S c ' Valu 'i« ■-■'■ Z O Field, Santa Clara ;
El** are, San Jose L 8 Abrahams, Seattle
, y,*,r Prowler, Alaska W H McNear, Alaska
H Wallace, Alaska J B Armstrong. Alaska
H E Hoggatt, Alaska Ed Ezikiel, Chicago ■
ST Kurgston A wf, N V W A Bloageh, Bakersfild
W J Battle Jr, New York H 11 Jesse, St Louis
X W Clayton, San Jose J N Chase, San Jose-
JII Sydnor. San Jose D Winters, Stockton
H O Hass, Stockton' . ■-. •
, PALACE HOTEL.
.1 G Hayes, Stockton D McClure Jr. Oakland
Miss Havens, Oakland J N Burß, San Jose
J R Griffith, San Jose E S Churchill At. Napa
D J MuUer, Karlsbad A Hill, Keswick
R Bruman, Keswick . s Harold &w, a Anita
1. <; Hanford A w, Idaho O Mears, Denver
8 M Green, Maryland - W C Ormister, Arizona
O E Kensington, La J W Gay Jr <fe w. Boston
F F Hupie, Los Gatos 1, < ! Gilliam, Sporrane
A N Forsyth, Chicago J B Wellemore, Butte
J J Badenock&w.Chlcago.Mrs R L Davis, St Joseph
R J Widney, Louisiana -JH MrCnllogh, Ls Gatos
C C Hardin?, Boston a R Lewis. Chicago
.'.. ;> WESTERN HOTEL.-
S C Scott <fe w, Quirfcv T A Willies, Dayton
M W Murphy Aw, 111 Otto Wilson, Rio Vista
Hattle McCoffery, Wal- A B Cole, Henley
' nut Grove R M Werriman, Centervi'
W Rutlin * w.Northland F W Schneider, Dover i
Mrs T E Mason, Denver Mrs FrankWorth. Denver
E L Basbford, Or B F Tilton, Suisun
E 8 Keene, Seattle W.B Bolton, Seattle
J Ketcher, Medford N Brown, Aurora
One of the most extraordinary ; speci
mens :of the fish - family is the "nam hai
gnan," or great general of the South Sea,
an animal which has home in the Indian
Ocean.'. I : A full-grown nam is upward of
thirty-five feet in length. It has two: im
mense tusks, which resemble those of the
elephant both in size and color, and two
qu9er» winjjlike membranes extending
along its sides from the side fins almost to
the tail.; - - *
SHE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1896.
2 8 i
! *
7
, I
9 ! 10
16 17
23 24
|
30 31 i
!(7*\LaBt Quari
j January
6
11
I
IS
ot\ Xcw Moon.
Vifi/Jnnuary 14
12
14
I.
18
|
i /™S\First Qnartej
I Vri/ January 22.
20
| 23
| 25 j =L
_'&S\ Full Moon.
j^s/ January 30.
27
i 29
28
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates or Departure horn San Fr*nci*co.
STEAMKK. j DK9TI NATION |
9AILS.
I pier.
nompr i
citt« or Cai
8t Pau1...... |
Arcaia j
At&ko I
Wnlla Walls
Willamt. v'al
Pomona
Corona '
Eureka ! ;
ABlancharo
C0ptic....... ;
San 1i1a5 .... ;
Columbia. i
Santa Koaa.. :
Umatilla... |
U'oosßar |Jan23. Oceanic
: P0rt1and....... Jan 24.10am! Pier 24
| NewDorc ...... I Jan24. 9am Pier 11
Coos Bay Jan 24.12 m Pier IS
Coosuav Jan26.lOAM PlerlS
Vic <fc Pgt Snd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
Mexico Jan JS.II)AM Pier 11
Humboldt ! Jan 26. "2rn P:er9 ■
Sanßtojco ". Jan 26.11am Pier 11
SetrDOK ...... Jan 2B. J»am Pier 11
Portland Jan 9am PierlS
China Japan Jan 28. 3pm PMSS
Panama !. an 28,12 m. PMSS
i Portlana i Jan '29.10am Pier 24
'San Diego Jan 30.11am Pi»»r 11
Vic Pgt Sno .fan 30. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ABUSIVE.
Stkaxir I
I Dbk
National City... | Humboldt ;
Homer [Coos iiar
Arcata ' coos 8ay........
South Coast ! t'ortland
Arasro Coos .Bay
Alice Blancnard t'ortlnnd
Corona San uiegro
San 8ia5........ ! Panama...;...
Pomona. I Humboldt 8ay.....
Costa Rica j Departure Bay
Washtenaw .... ■ Panama
Columbia. ! Portland
.Eureka. : Newport
Umatilla Victoria <& Pueet Sound
North fort Humboldt Bay
Peter Jebsen. Nanaimo
Santa Kosa. San Diego..
Ban Juan j Panama
Kiode Janeiro.. China and Japan I
Crescent City,.. , Crescent. City- !
fetPaui. ; Newport. !
Plate of fa; Portland....
{..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 23
..Jan 24
..Jan 34
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
...fan 27
..Jan 2K
..Jan 29
...lan 29
: ..Jan 30
..Jan 30
. Jan 31
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
•KB.ILOW WATKK.| BITN." jl
a
Large. ;Small.
S.]-2a; 7.54r{ 0.38p11702TJ
5.52A 1 9.13R I.3Hpll.sHp|
i Sets
Sets
23
•2i
1 7.21 6.1
7 20 .').
1.31a
HYBKOGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HynßnoßAPHic Office., U. S. N. *»
Mkrchaxts* Exchanok. >-
Sax Francisco. January 22. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120tn
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtki.kr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SUIFFING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, January 22.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 39 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Union Oil Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, 76 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr st Paul, I. u_rcan, 70 hours fm Newport, etc;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Br ship Celticburn, Link later, 65 days from
Newcastle, NSW; 41C0 tons coal, to J J Moore A
Co.
Schr Helen Merriam. Gruggel. 17 days from
Siuslaw River: 100 Mft lumber, to Humboldt
Lumber Co. Oakland direct. ,
Schr Azalea, Fardellus, 11 days from Port Blake
ley; lumber and laths, to W J Adams.
Schr Golden Shore,- Henderson. 29 days from
Port Blakeley, via Clallam Bay 20 days, bound for
Melbourne. Put in on account of losing mate and
two seamen, '
Schr Lena Sweasev, Johnson, 19 days from Seat
tle: 310 M ft lumber, to .1 H Baxter.
Schr Prosper, Schroeder, 9 days from Coquille
River; 360 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
llesrert.
WEDNESDAY, January 22.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Port Townsend; Kruse
A Madison.
Br ship Barfillan, Seator, Queenstown; G W Mc-
Near.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Kahulul; Alex
ander «fc Baldwin.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, January 22.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, Ban Diego, etc.
Stmr Excelsior, Higgins, San Diego. **.-> •.'•'■■'■;•
Stmr Westport, Jacobs. v
Stmr Point Loma, Conway, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, Eureka. - i
jg Stmr City of Panama, Cattannicb, Panama, etc.
Br ship Ancaios, Fulton, Tacoma.
Ship Eclipse, Peterson, Moody ville.
Brig Consuelo, Friis, Mahukona.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Gotama. urissem.
Schr Conlianza, Vogel. Eureka.
Schr Western Home, Johnson, Coos Bay
Schr Orient, Mitchell, Coos Bay. '
Elvenia, Erickson, Eureka.
Schr John A, Hcllquist, Eureka.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— Januarv 22—10 p xt- Weather
cloudy: wind HE; velocity 8 miles.
Charter*.
The bktn Tarn o' Shanter loads lumber for Santa
Rosalia; schr WH Talbot, lumber on the Sound
for Shanghai, 51s 3d— prior to arrival ; Br ship Port
Elgin, lumber at Port Blakeley for Valparaiso for
orders, Pisagua range, 46s 3d.
Spoken.
No date— Lat 44 N, long 31 W, Br ship Sierra
Nevada, hence Sept 12, for Plymouth.
Dec 12— Off Diego Ramirez, Ger bark J C Pfluger,
from Liverpool, for Honolulu.
Collision.
The schr Orient collided off the heads this after
noon with the schr Gotama. Orient had jibboom,
martingale and bowstays carried away.
'.'.A Domestic Ports.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 22— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles. :,-,.-P.: --.-, *
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Jan 22-Schr Joseph
Russ. for san l.i*i_o.
ASTORIA— Jan 22— Stmr Signal, from
Puget Sound: bark Vidette, from Redondo; schr
Guide, hence Jan 7.
sailed Jan 22— Schr Neptune, for San Francisco.
Hl'ENEMK— Arrived Jan Stmr Cleone. frm
Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 21.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 21— Schr Nokomls,
from Tacoma; schr Meteor, from PortHadlock;
schr Lucy, from Umpqua.
BOWENS LANDING— Jan 22— Schr Rio
Rey. from Lompoc. >
COOS BAY"— Sailed Jan 22-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, and schrs Seven Sisters and Sacramento, for
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 22— Bark News
boy, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Jan 22— Schr Comet, for San Pedro.
JEastorn Ports.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Jan 21— Bark Undaunted,
for San Francisco.
Korelgn Ports.
BEACH HEAD-Passed Jan 20— Br ship Ce
darbank, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship Sokoto, hence
Sept 1.
TYNE— Arrived Jan 20— Br ship Sierra Estrella.
hence Aug 14.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 21— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 22— Bark Rufus E
Wood, hence Jan 16.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Noordland
from Antwerp; stmr Kuerst Bismarck, from Ham
burg: stmr Veendam, from Rotterdam.
. Sailed Jan 22— Stmr La Flandre, for Antwerp
stmr New York, for Southampton; stmr Kaiser
Wiihelm 11, for Genoa: stmr Germanic, for Liver
pool; stmr Nederland, for Antwerp; stmr Kensing
ton, for Antwerp. • . 5
MOVlLLE— Arrived out Jan 22— Stmr Ethi
opia.
NAPLES— out Jan 22-Stmr Norman
nla. -
COPENHAGEN-Arrived . out Jan 22-Stmr
Thlngvalla.
GENOA-Sailed Jan 22-Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
ROTTERDAM- Arrived out Jan 22-Stmr Maas
dam.
I Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Amsterdam, for New York
FRAWLE POINT-Passed Jan' 22-simr Mo
bile, from New York, for London.
' B - , i. A Y , HE A D -l**_ M cd Jan 22-Stmr Rich
mond Hill, from New York, for London."
SCILL\ ISLANDS— Passed Jan 22-Stmr Paris,
from New York, for Southampton.
importations.
COOS BAY-Per Empire-29 bdls trees. 117 bxs
lard, 651 sks potatoes, 66 bxs apples. 1831 sks oats.
3.2 M ft lumber, 303 sks flax, 438 pkgs machin
ery.
JUNEAU— Per Walla Walla— 3 pkgs mdse.
Douglass Island— l bx million.
PortTownsend-12 pkgs mdse, 1 sk coin, 1 pfcg
express. :■-.. : y
Sitka— 4 pkgs mdse. •
Seattle via G N Ry-3 pkgs mdse, 862 hf-sks 80
qr-sks flour. , .
■ Victoria-238 bdls hides and oelts. 5 bxs halibut,
1 bx stone, 3 pkgs express. 1 sk coin, 3 cs matches.
Seattle— 2 sks coin, 266 bdls hides, 99 pkgs mdse,
7 cs canned goods, 30 os smoked fish. 4 nkgs
chairs, 1 bx soap, 2 cs caps. 600 cs salmon, 2 bdls
coffee, 151 bdls green hides, 4 pkgs glassware, 9
pkgs express.
Vancouver via C V R R— 2o bdls pelts. 10 bbls
tallo.v, 342 bdls hides, 1 bdl wool, 80 cs M food. 3
cs flannel, 6 pkgs mdse, 9 cs wooden hames, 2 bdls
cloth. 1 piano, 1 bdl lumoer, 1 cs axles. 1 bx zinc.
3 bbls spools, 671 cs hats, 7 cs drill drawers, '220 cs
tobacco, 18 cs cigars, 89 cs ' cigarettes, 625 bxs
50crtsl20 bbls starcn. _
New Whatcom— 2l bdls hides, 16 bxs plates, Isk
coin, 2 pkgs express. . -.-.
Anacortes— l2.372 sks oats.
Everett— 37 bd paper.
Tacoma east or Fargo— 49 bars oval iron, 3 cs
wood pulp, 23 cs haddles.
' Tacoma— so bxs dried apples, Ics signs, 40 bxs
dried raisins, 6cs raisins, 29 pkgs mdse. 1 lot lum
ber. •■ ■ -_ :.y-:- ' i :
» ; Tacoma west of Fargo— l sk potatoes,! bx apples,
1 pkg mdse, 87 bdls hoops, 1013 sks concentrates.
969 sks ore. 240 sks flax, 287 sks barley, 1287 sks
wheat, 2558 hf-sfcs 500 qr-sks flour. ' *■ -
SAN SIMEON— Per St Paul— 22 bxs butter, V«
cs eggs. 4 dressed calves. •- p'y *
San Luis Obispo— y 2 bbl 8 bxs butter.
Port Harford— 2 bxs fish.
Divide— 2 bxs butter.
Arroyo Grande— 43 bdls hides and pelts, 3 sks
tails, 4 bbls tallow. 69 sks beans.
Gaviota— 7 sks crawfish, Ibx butter.
Santa Barbara— l bale dry goods, 3" bxs lemons,
Ventura— l cs cigars, 574 bxs oranges, Ics bard
ware, 26 cs honey. 1 bx butter.
Los Angeles- 65 bxs oranges, 1 pkg mdse.
Hueneme— l cog wheel.
San Pedro— l bx smoked fish.
East San Pedro— 3s cs canned fish.
Newport— 36 bxs oranges, 342 sks peanuts, Iba
mdse.
'. - Consignees.
Per Empire— Thomas Loughran: S H Harmon
Lumber Co; Higgins A Collins: Geo Morrow A Co:
Moore, Ferguson A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: E
Lvsle: Hecht Bros; OsbornACo; Pacific Coast
Syrup Co: Wood, Curtis A Co; Gray & Co; order.
Per Walla Walla— Allen A Lewis: A J Taylor:
Cal A Nev Creamer}* Co; Frank Vanschaick; The
Werner Co: Kowulsky A Co; aland Dragara:
Redington A Co; Dicklns Lumber Co: A Coffin: T
Watson; Wilson d Baechtel; H Cowell A Co: G W
Howard ; Selby Smelting and Lead Co; H Dutard;
Moore, Ferguson A Co: Chambers, Price A Co; L
Javne: J Everding A Co: CJLeist&Co; Adams
Bros; Miller. Sloss & Scott: Goldberg, Bo wen A Co;
Staurter A Co: XV ('• Richardson: W A Avery: J Q
Adams A Co: W B Sumner A Co: Coghlll A Kohn:
Amer Press Assn: Wells, Fargo A Co : Demlng-
Palmer Milling Co; Brown Bros A Co: C li Meyers
A Bros: American Tobacco Co: Carlson. Currier A
Co: Esberg, Bachman A Co; GMcCabe: J Keefp;
GWOibbsACo: J D Craig; J T cutting A Co; a
XV Alexander: J Wieland: J Haratrom: J Zimmer
man; LSSlmons: Porch, Haskell A Well: Men
dell. Pursh A Wiener; M l. Davis: GF Meyer A
Co; JKArmsbyACo: Tillmann A Bendel; S A
Gorgon; Schlesinger A Bender: Washburn 'A Moen
M.g Co; WA J Sloane A Co; W E Graves: Bancroft,
Whitney A Co; Bissinger A Co; Charles Remke;
CB Rode A Co: Cal Saw Works: Duff A Co: G H
Fuller Desk Co: L Taussig A Co: D Alexander; D
Hamburger A Co; X Reckstein A Co: <; Rosenberg
A Son; GR Levy A Co: Fredericksburg Brewery;
H Smith; H Simon A Co; Italian-Swiss Colony : J
May; Livingston A Co; Triest A Co: J S Hensel: I.
D Owens: LD Stone A Co: Murphy, Grant A Co;
Main A Winchester; Mack A Co: PBerwinACo;
Neustadter Bros; S J Friedlander A Co: Wash
ington Mfg Co; F Kragness; H W Higgins A Co: A
Rust; WS Reynolds; Indianapolis Furniture Co;
Bank of California; Canan A Green; D S Williams:
Bartlett Springs Mineral Water Co; H Waldeck: S
Gray; W'ellman, Peck A Co; Milan! A Co; Chap
man A Co.
_ Per St Paul-Gould & Jaudln: L Scatena A Co;
J X Armsby A Co; Dairymen's Union: F Menitt; F
B Peterson: Tillmann A Bendel: CC Pennell A Co;
Garcia & Maggini; Gray A Barbleri: Allen A Lewis;
-Erlanger * Gallnger: Dunham, Carrigan «ft Co: J
de Martini A Co; C E Whitney A Co: 1 hos Smart;
FKartick; Deere Imp Co: Wood. Curtis A Co; A X
Stevens ; Murphy, ('rant & Co. J Ivancovich A Co;
Allen A Lewis; American Union Fish Co; Wert
heimertfe Co: A Paladinl: Wbeaton. Breon* Co: L
Spletrel <fe Co; Labor Exchange; Kowalsky&Co;
CE Whitney A Co; Hilmer. Bredhoff * Schnlz:
G Camlllonl <fc Co; Get* Bros * Co: Westhoff A
Co; Marshall, 'I'eggart A Co: H Kirchinann A Co;
Norton, Teller « Co: Standard Oil Co; Hills Bros;
Hammond & Brod; H N Tilden A Co.
For Lute Shipping Intelligenre See, Fifteenth Page.
fLWBk. ' OFFICE FURNITURE
ag^^Wg AND FIXTURES.
IPliiiS 0 - F. WEBER A CO.,
1 -*- 1 --** 300 to 306 Post St.. cor. Stocktoi
«fggg==j|==ig> OFFICE and JO
J-_*s^ TYPEWRITER. 33
B^Bs XV. O. RAKIG, tS '.
l,l^^<i ' 57 New Montgomery X3C
Two in One. Street. S. F. g»
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSBIP CODIPAftI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
SPix-a-T Class SS.OO
Second. Class SQOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— New Montgomery Street
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
• General Agents.
o. rt. ifc rsr,
TO
ASTORIA II POETLAP.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations - call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails Januarv 19
State of California sails January 21
GOODALL, Perkins A CO., Genl. Supts.
>i •■ '.:': .-• F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COHPltt
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM _JSttft.
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as -ES-fi__fc2
to! lows: .
For Mary Island, Lorlnr. Wrangel, Jnnean. Kll»
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at S. a. «., Jan. 15, 30,
_•>->. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
Jan. 6, 10. 15, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. P.., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with "O. N. Ry., at For. Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata aod Fields Landing (Hum-
bold. Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. if., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (Sao Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hum.me, San Pedro. East saa
Pedro (Los Angeius) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 21, 2S, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Bon Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. xt., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Gnavmas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
*■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEMIC STEAMSHIP COMPASY.
' ; A-'rAxag&B&te. Coolgardle gold fields
_rff_S_Pe7*fo 7^_@_^ (Freemantle). Austr3-
#^'Hrt_,®VjS.'i" ; ?'-20 first class,
SLW<y nU|\| 0 i Flint *110 steerage. Lowe.s
_fiy§?__^^^-^s«*w rates to Capetown,
SCoolsarclie gold fields
(Freemantle). Austra-
lia; $220 first clas<i,
$110 steerage. Loweis
rates to Capetown,
south Africa.
Australian steamer,
MAiiit'u-A, saiU Vl:»
Honolulu and Auck-
land, iiur>day. Keb.
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, su or-
day. i't-bru-iry 1 5, at 10
A.M.
. Spkciai. Pasties.— Reduced special rates foe
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 189-'.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. spiiECKEL-5 Jo BROS.. General Agents.
COMPAGJiIEGEIiERAIETRAI!SATLASTI(jUE
French I.in«. to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW),42 NORTH Atpa
Kivcr, fr>ot of Mortonst. Travelers by 4_Z____\£
this line avoid both transit by English railway ana
tin- discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 9160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe .-
January 11 „
LAGASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
. ..;.... January 18
LA CHAMPA. ■'. Capt. Poirot
January 25
LABODRGOGNE, Capt. Leboenf ..*""
■ .; February 1
Aa" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
So- a Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FVOAZI A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San 1 rancisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COP An.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _A«i>
fortnightly for the West Indies and felSffll
Southampton, calling en route at *. Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
Faclfic Mail S. S. Co., insued for freight and treas-
ure to direct pens in England and Germany.
Through ticket.: from San Francisco to Plymouth
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
oUas, '491 60. For furthri- particulars apply to
PARROfT A CO., Agents,
' 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
La bs. ss^^^sfis?,-*-
-to* Accommodations Reserved by Teleohom.*
STEAMER.:
T. C. Walker. 7 J: D. -p. __. ■
Mary Oarratt. Citv or %\VJ-La
Telephone Main 305. cwjgggggg^
VALLEJO Ai\D MARE ISLAND.
STR. MONTICELLO,
C»Uy, except Runday-io a. « a-. „
Sunday-8 r. M< "*• •:.-.*• «ft
I*ndlnscV Mission 1. Pi„ a ,
.... *Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
NO FIREMEN IN OFFICE.
The New Chief Never Attended
a Fire and Is Without
an Assistant.
INSURANCE MEN ARE UNEASY.
Chief Lawton Would Like to Know
What "Good and Sufficient
Cause" Means.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway. Jan. 22. j
Should a fire break out in ibis city there
is not a man higher in authority than an
engineer who would attend that has ever
been at a fire before. Chief Lawton and
Fire Warden Murdoch have been removed
from office, and the new Chief has never
attended to any fire larger than that he
used to control in a Southern Pacific en
gine, and he has no assistants. The situa
tion is being gravely discussed by insur
ance men, and there is a disposition to
raise the rates in consequence of the un
stable condition of the Fire Department.
For more than three months the Fire
Department has been kept in a state of un
certainty owing to the many changes and
threatened changes made in the heads of
the department. When the new Board of
Works took office it was expected by the
Council that Assistant Miles Doody would
be at once removed. Just what combina
tion was made to retain him in office was
never divulged, but the board took no heed
of the Council's desire to put Doody out, so
the latter body passed an ordinance
abolishing the office held by Doody. Of
course this had the desired effect, but it
impaired the department, as Doody has
been a fire-fighter in this county for nearly
thirty years. Doody is also a very active
Republican politician, and the present
non-partisan Council has no use for the
oid-time partisans.
The next move was to abolish the office
of assistant and Fire Warden, held by
Fred A. Murdoch. This was done last
week and Chief Lawton was tne sole sur
vivor of the trio. His solitary reign was
shortlived, for last night the old Chief was
summarily removed and W. 11. Fair, a
railroad engineer, appointed to the head
of the department. He has no assistants
and has never been a fireman. Until
some improvement is made in the depart
ment the underwriters will dread the
sound of the lirebells.
The unsatisfactory state of affairs has
been communicated to the Underwriters'
Association of San Francisco and it is
likely that some steps will soon be taken
that will compel an improvement in the
Oakland Fire Department.
Chief Lawton said to-day that he will
give Mr. Fair all the assistance he needs
in getting into the run of the department.
Lawton would also like to know what "the
good and sufficient cause" was for which
he was removed.
FIGHTING FOB TIME.
The Indictment* Against Whldden At
tacked on New Grounds.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. .22.— When the
case of County Auditor Myron A. Whid
den, who was indicted by the Grand Jury !
four months ago for misappropiating
funds from the Tax Collector's office while j
assisting that official, came up yesterday, '
bis attorney filed a demurrer to the infor
mation by the Grand Jury. The grounds
were purely technical, and in effect are as
follows:
The grand jury had no legal authority
to inquire into the offenses charged for
the reason of its not being within the legal
jurisdiction of the county. i
The indictment does not contain a state
ment of the facts constituting the offense
in ordinary and concise language and in
such a manner as to be intelligible.
More than one offense is charged; the
facts do not constitute a public offense;
that the indictment contains matter
which if true would constitute a legal jus
tification or excuse of the offense charged
and also such as would constitute a legal
bar to prosecution.
By consent the matter was continued
for argument until January 30 at 10 a. m.
CAUGHT AT VICTORIA.
-Lorin's Christmas Kve Terror I* Now
Under Arrest.
OAKLAND, Cat., Jan. 22.— Chief of. Po
lice Lloyd to-day received word from the
San Francisco authorities of the arrest of
Albert Menzenmeyer at Victoria, B. C.
Later he received from Chief of Police
Henry W. Shephard of Victoria a dis
patch saying:
"Arrested Menzenmeyer, German, for
shooting John R. Perkins in your city the
night of the 24th of December last. Do
you want him? If so, wire at once/
Sheriff C. B. White was notified and he
at once wired instructions to hold the
man until a warrant could be telegraphed
by which the fugitive could be detained
until an officer with necessary papers can
reach that city.
Menzenmeyer is wanted on a charge of
assault with v deadly weapon with intent
to commit murder. He formerly kept the
Fair Wind Saloon in San Francisco, which
was a seamen's resort. It is expected he
was secreted by his friends over there and
shipped on some coasting vessel. Perkins,
his victim, who resides at Lorin, is slowly
recovering from the effect of his wound,
but is not yet able to be around. '
New Poultry Club.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Cali
fornia Plymouth Rock Breeders' Club is
one of the outgrowths of the exhibition of
the Pacific Poultry and Pigeon Association
in this city. At the preliminary meeting
the following charter members signed the
roll: C. F. Earle, Sonoma; S. R.Osgood,
Oakland; W. O. Moore, Merced; T. Ers
kine, Sonoma; W. A. Bailey, Napa; F. W.
Breed, Oakland; F. P. Lowell, Sacra
mento; M. S. Stockton, Hornitos; G. W.
Cumber, Alameda; C. W. Cumber, Ala
meda: T. M. Reed, Anderson, Bhasta
County; Florence Forbes, Napa; Mrs. E.
J. Kellogg, Sacramento; fa. T. Paul, Los
Angeles; Ed Ellis, Santaßosa.
The object of the organization is the
breeding and improving of Plymouth
Rock fowls, which are considered the most
valuable of the feathered tribe. The fol
lowing oilicers have been elected by the
new club: President, C. F. Earle of So
noma; vice-president, S. R. Osgood of
Oakland; secretary and treasurer, Ed
Ellis of Santa Rosa; board of directors—
F. P. Lowell of Sacramento, Miss Florence
Forbes of Napa and C. T. Paul of Los An
geles.
Think* He Knows the Man.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Attorney T.
r. Garrity calls attention to the dose re
semblance of John Schneider, the man
under arrest at Tki.-ili, to the man whom
ne de.ended here two years aeo, charged
with murdering a milkman out" in Hayes
canyon. The accused, who was a stranger
was acquitted for lack of proof and at
once disappeared.
t I!!! '•'***/'•' rtlc A- to-day," said he,, "when
I opened The Call to see that face look
r^V.l at me - I thought I knew it and
read tbe account to see -* I could recall to
mind where I had seen it before. Taking
off the beard the face is nearly identical.
Miller wore no hair on his face. I believe
he is tbe same man under another name."
New Trial .furor*.
OAKLAND, Oil., Jan. -A new panel
of term trial jurors was drawn to-day be
fore Judge Orecne. Those drawn were:
Manuel Isor.es. Niles; "Martin Donohue,
Pleosantoa; }. B. Mendonca. San Lorenzo; H.
Dnsterberry Jr., Centcrville; M. Kimball,
Brooklyn Township; J. J. Santos. Centerville;
•'runes Sutter, Oakland Township; .'. Emslie,
Berkeley; 11. J. Acton, West Berkeley; John
O. Hill, Oakland Township; Burton Combs,
Alameda; Frank Winton, Mount. Eden;
Fred \V. Mown*, 1. w.igton; Kred Linder
man, Alameda; A. J. Mcleod, Livermore; M. F.
Bishop, Alameda: John Mcßae. L. XV. Hewlett,
William Langstaff, C. P. Marsh, E. W. Swayne,
Edwin Sutherland, Charles S. Frost, W.Carasn,
C.H. Kelly, W. 1. O'Connell, Edward Ganley,
J. A. Cahill, M. Scheeline. Samuel Smith, W.
Crawford. Edward Keener, George Mcinecke,
L. D. Babb, W. D. Thomas, H. Stills, Joseph 1.
Wohlfrom, N. B. Sears, John Oram and W. C.
Fleischauer of Oakland.
The jurors are required to report Thurs
day, January 23, at 10 a. m.
"Nearly at an JEnd.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 22.--The attor
neys for the city of Oakland and the water
front company have agreed on all but 100
of the 1400 "amendments made by the
former to the water-front company's ap-
Deal in the water front cases. The unset
tled amendments will be presented for set
tlement to Judge Ogden to-morrow. It is
expected one or two rulings will settle the
greater part of these and then the appeal
can be perfected.
It will then require about thirty days
for the water-front company to have tint
statement engrossed. The appeal of the
city from the same decision has been per
fected and is ready to be filed with the
Supreme Court. The plan is to have the
four cases, which will then be before the
court, heard in bane. It is hoped to get a
decision on all at one time in this way.
Married vs. Single.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Jan. 22.— 0n Sunday
next at 10 o'clock an excitine game of bail
will be played on the St. Mary's College
grounds for a French dinner between the
single and married men employed at
Joyce's store. The men will line up as
follows:
Married Men. Positions. Single Men.
James A. Joyce Catcher A captain.. W. Watson
.[.(. Crowley Pitcher capt... D. J. Corkery
P. Barrett First base It. King
J. Foley Second has? J. Bellel
J. Dan Third base ...M. Doodv
J. miners. Shortstop "W. Rose
C. Twomey Left field T.Joyce
C. Curtail Center field 1.. Bro'ich
T. EUggisa High: field.. B. Sll vena
To Employ Many Hands.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Oakland
Trotting Park Association grounds in
North Oakland, now controlled by the
California Jockey Club, is a very active
place at present. Thirty-rive men are
employed on the new grand stand, which
number will be nearly doubled as soon as
certain brick foundation work is completed
for adjacent structures. The improve
ments under way will cost when completed
fully $100,000. The work is being done
under the direction of Phil J. Mehly, who
has orders to only employ citizens of the
county as.workingmen on the place.
A Bootblacks' Union.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— The Host
blacks' Union is the latest organization
for Oakland. There are seventeen boot
black-stands in the city, and fourteen of
these have gone into the organization. It
is the expressed purpose of the new organ
ization to secure the closing of all places
of business Sunday afternoon. If it is
found that one or two will persist in hold
ing out then ihe Council will be requested
to pass an ordinance closing them.
Suffering a Dozen Ailments.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jar.. 22.— William
Higgins, who was taken to the Receiving
Hospital recently suffering from inordinate
cigarette smoking, is in a bad condition.
The physicians have decided he is afflicted
with consumption, asthma, alcoholism
and otner complications. One side is
paralyzed also. He has been very abusive
to his wife, who has been a most faithful
attendant, as well as to the hospital at
taches.
Unwillingly Chloroformed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22. — B. Cason of
719 Seventh street applied to Steward
Victory at an early hour this morning,
saying he had taken a large dose of chlo
roform liniment by mistake. An antidote
soon relieved his distress and he went to
sleep off any ill effects. He says he took
it when he intended to take something for
a sore throat. He claims to uso sixty
grains of opium in four days.
Exempt Firemen's Fund.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 22.— Formal ap
plication was made on the city of Oakland
to-day for funds under the act of the last
Legislature providing that members of ex
empt firemen's associations shall receive
aid from public funds in case of illness. It
is the purpose to bring a mandamus suit
to compel the setting aside of funds for
this purpose. Tne claim of George Taylor
under this act was recently refused by the
Council.
Bidding for an VHiigellst.
OAKLAND, Cm... Jan. 22.— The services
of Archdeacon Webber at the Church of
the Advent are so successful that he has
been invited to speak in a San Francisco
church next Sunday night. He has de
clined, and there is some feeling of indig
nation in the church at the attempt to
take away the Archdeacon before he has
filled his promised time.
HISTOKY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
XV. A. Holcomb has sued R. B. Snell for .$6300
secured by a mortgage on some land near the
Moss Tract.
The charpe of manslaughter against C. Hoot,
an Oakland expressman, 'who ran over.. \V.
Coot in San Francisco, has been dismissed.
The suit of A. J. McOovern against John L.
Davie and otner officials of the Davie Ferry
Company will come up for hearing shortly in
San Francisco.
A "Peeping Tom" appeared at the wlndowof
the servant girl's room at Dr. J. P. Dunn's
home last night. The police were telephoned
for, but were unable to capture the curious in
dividual.
Orestes Pierce has sued William Knox on an
assigned note made to J. 11. Strowbridge for
$8784 57, December 9, 1892, and secured upon
224 shares of stock in the San Lorenzo Water
Company. '..;.; '/ ]-jPyy-
While the family of Dr. Eastman, corner of
Oxford and Center streets, Berkeley, were at
dinner yesterday evening a burglar entered
the house and, going upstairs, managed to se
cure a few dollars In money and some small ar
ticles of no great value.
The suit of J. Gordon, executor of the estate
of Mary B. Hurd, against the Oakland Consoli
dated Railway Company has been compro
mised for $1000. The suit was brought to re
cover $12,000 for injuries to the deceased that
it was alleged had caused her death
The new town ol Crockett, on the Carquinez
Straits, has acquired the dignity of possessing
a newspaper, and it is a very good one, too. It
is called the Record, and has been established
by Hart A. Downer, who is a newspaper vet
eran. His new venture is a neat little eight
page publication.
John Yule has obtained an order of court di
recting Ira Bishop, receiver of the Consolidated
Piedmont Cable Company, to nay over to
him $406 28 of money earned by the company
prior to the appointment ot the receiver in
part satisfaction of a judgment lor $11,540 80,
secured by A. L. Black, against the cable com
pany. -
\\o Mow Sing, the second Chinaman ar
rested by Deputy Sheriff Quiniin at Frultvale,
was yesterday held to answer by Justice K. 1..
Lawrence, acting as commissioner to take
bail. The action of a Justice of the Peace in
such cases is as valid as that of any other com
missioner. Sing is charged with' having con
cealed unstamped opium. . ■ . • -
An assignment has been made by George
S. Whitney, son of the late George K.
Whitney, of his interest in his father's
estate to John C. Hughes. Young Whit
ney's portion was f?;'">(.0, to be paid at his
majority. He is now 24 years of age; Hughes
asks to have the young man's interest dis
tributed to him. The assignment was made on
the 13th inst., in San l'ranci co, before a
notary in consideration of $1000 cash.
The Oakland Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals of Alameda County has
decided to adopt a badge and to secure one
that will be representative of its work lias
called upon the school children of this city for
designs. _ : The one who . presents the design
that is accepted will be awarded a life mem
bership in the society. It is. expected in this
way to arouse a greater interest in the work
of the society among all the children of Oak
land. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1 896.
TO HAVE A BIG PARADE
Washington's Birthday to Be
Elaborately Celebrated
in Oakland.
ALL PATRIOTS ARE INVITED.
The Executive Committee Arranging
for the Most Gorgeous Pageant
Ever Seen in the County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 22. f
The spirit of patriotism is to be promi
nently demonstrated in Alameda County
on Washington's birthday. An influential
executive committee has been appointed,
and it is their intention to have the stars
and stripes floating to the breeze from
every flagstaff that can bo found; to have
the welkin from Warm Springs to the bay
ringing with National airs, and to have a
monster parade in Oakland that shall em
brace every class or creed that is zealous of
the honor of Old Glory.
The committee is hard at work arrang-
ing sub-committees and the programme,
and they have promised that the event
shall be one without precedent in the
history of pageantry in this county.
The executive committee consists of:
Dr. Thomas Carpenter, president; George
A. Norton, vice-president; County Asses
sor Henry P. Dal ton, grand marshal;
Samuel P. Bod well, chief of staff; County
Clerk Frank ('. Jordan, treasurer; Joseph ;
G.- Charters, secretary. Invitations have
been sent out to every fraternal organiza- !
tion in the county, and already many have !
signified their acceptance. The various :
societies will be asked to prepare floats,
and there will be mounted divisions and J
uniformed contingents and bands of j
school children, and many features the
details of which are not yet matured. The
headquarters of the committee are at the
Central Bank building, ana Secretary
Charters is steadily employed answering
and sending out communications. An ef
fort was made to rent the Tabernacle for
the literary exercises that will follow the
parade, but, as it had been previously
leased, the Masonic Temple or Germania
Hall will probably be obtained for the
occasion.
On Saturday evening the executive com
mittee will meet and will name all the com
mittees and officials and decide on the
speakers for the exercises.
"We had a pretty good parade on the
Fourth of July, but we intend to eclipse it
this lime," said President Carpenter of the
celebration committee, to-day. "We have
drawn the line at nothing except patriot
ism. Everybody who is proud to follow Old
Glory has a right toa place in that proces
sion. No other Bag will be carried and we
expect that every town in the county will
bo in the parade. There will be some
special exercises, but they have not yet
been definitely arranged."
ROGERS TELLS HIS TALE
The Beaten Student Denies That
He Was Justly Pun
ished.
Swears Out Warrants for the Arrest
of Four Assailants— Dr. Eastman's
House Burglarized.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22.-Interesting
developments took place to-day in the case
of Harry Rodgers, the Bowie's Academy
student, who claims to have been brutally
assaulted without cause by a party of in
toxicated university men last Saturday
night. A. P.- Hayne, instructor in charge
of the viticultural department of the uni
versity, has taken a hand in the affair, and
upholds the students in their conduct to
ward Rodgers, stating that he offered in
sults to-an unprotected girl and that the
party of University of California boys
were justified in taking him to task for it.
Mr. Hayne states that he was Present at
the time of the fracas, and that no violence
was us«ii on Rodgers further than grasp
ing; him by the coat collar.
Rodgers has sworn out four warrants for
the arrest of those who participated in the
affair, one of which . was served on
Lawrence Haven, a member of the Chi
Phi fraternity, yesterday. Haven ap
peared before Judge James this morning,
in answer to the charge of battery, and
pleaded not guilty. John Doe warrants
have been issued for the arrest of the other
three parties. ; They are to be taken before
(be Judge to-morrow morning and identi
fied by the accuser.
That Rodgers received a severe shaking'
up. there seems 'to. have been' no doubt
from the appearance of his clothes after
the affair, and the black marks on his legs
and on the back of his neck. He main
tains that the* persons who attacked him
did so wholly because they "had it in for
him." and not by reason of any insult that
he offered to the young lady.
/ When asked for.his side of. the story he
wrote the following statement:
The circumstances surrounding the brutal
attack on mo last Saturday by L. Haven, a
member of the Chi phi fraternity, are clear and
simple. I had boarded the last train after
spending . the evening in the city, and had
noticed nothing remarkable in . the train ex
cept the rowdiuess of some persons ou the
platform of the car while at Dwfght way. The
language they u_.ed cause! me to give the
boys some notice.
On getting off at Berkeley and when within
100 stops ot my door I was attacked by these
same drunken students.
They had evidently got mo mixed up
Willi some one else, for they demanded an
apology for insulting a girl friend of theirs. I
This seemed to me strange. : as the rowdies ou
the train were in the car above me. However, |
alter kicking and knocking me about I was !
compelled for protection to apologize. I have
sworn out warrants for their arrest, and intend
to prosecute them nil, as I am informed by the
oflieers linn this kind of an affair is too often
indulged in. The story of their trying to pro
tect an innocent girl is absurd, as all my
friends know of my reputation, and know 1 do
not usually make myself a nuisance to people.
llodgers is a nephew of Recent Rodgers
of the university, and has, so far as is
known here, borne a good reputation. He
came to Berkeley from Pacific Grove,
where he had been living with his mother,
about four months ago.
The affair is now the talk of the<!ampus,
and the student body is anxiously await
ing further developments in the case.
.Lighting: the Campus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22.— Resent J.
B. Reinstein was on the university grounds
to-day deciding upon the location of the
new electric-light poles which are soon to
be placed in position. The only thing that
stands in the way of rapid progress in the
matter of putting up the poles at the west
end of the campus is the exact route of i
the new approach to the buildings, which S
is yet to De decided upon. It is intended j
that the poles shall be placed at reasonable
distances throughout the entire length of ;
the new walk. Mr. Reinstein thinks that
the "student work" at making the' new
pathway and laying out the grounds i
should commence within the next ten
days or two weeks.
Just how much time will be set aside I
for doing the work has not yet been made
known, but It is generally understood that
the students will have a week in which to
show what they can do with the pick and
shovel and wheelbarrow. Regent Rein
stein was accompanied on his tour of the
grounds by Professors Hilgard, Souie and
Setchell.
Burglary at Dr. Eastman's.
BERKELEY, C\i... Jan. 22.— The resi
dence of Dr. J. S. Eastman was robbed last
evening at about 6:30 o'clock, while the
family were at dinner. Entrance was
gained through the front door of the
house, which had been unintentionally
left unlocked. The burglar made his way
np the padded stairs without creating any
disturbance in the household, went into
Mrs. Eastman's room on the second floor
and carried away his booty without moles
tation. It was late in the evening before
Dr. Eastman discovered that he had been
robbed. The burglar secured a valuable
diamond brooch, a gift to Mrs. Eastman,
several gold rings and about $4 in coin.
Selected to Debute.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22.— At the
final debating contest this evening at
Stiles Hall for places on the trio who are
to represent the University of California
in the Carnot medal contest against Stan
ford on February 7, the following men
were chosen by the judges: De Laguna
'96, Flaherty '96, Wheeler '90, Fryer '99
(substitute). The subject was: "Resolved,
that the failure of first and second French
republics was due to over-centralization."
The judges who served on the debate were
Professors Lange, Hengstler, Clapp and
Mr. Dunn.
Want 3200, 009 Bonds.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22.— The West
Berkeley Improvement Club, at its meet
ing last evening, resolved to spare no
effort to carry the election to be held on
February 15-calling for $200,000 bonds/to
be expended in the erection of new school
houses and a wharf. A committee con
sisting of G. 11. Schuster, Philip Monroe,
Fred Wilks, D.G. McLaughlin and Thomas
Wilson was appointed to confer with com
mittees from the other clubs of Berkeley
in the matter of outlining measures to
carry the election.
Bank Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 22.— elec
tion of officers of the Commercial Bank of
Berkeley for the coming year has recently
been held. AH the old officers were re
elected, as follows:
President. F. K. Shattuck; vice-president, J.
R. Little; cashier, A. W. Naylor. Two new di
rectors were elected to succeed C. K. Clark and
E. A. Brackenrldge, the new ones being Pro
fessors XV. ■B. Rising and C. M.Gayley. The
other directors of the bank are: F. K. Shat
tuck, J. K. Little, W. E. Sell. J. R. Barker and
... W. Warnlck. The same officers and directors
conduct the Berkeley Bank of Savings.
■WITH ONE PEDAL.
A Fair Graduate of mills College, on a
Bike, Surprises tho New Yorkers.
MILLS -COLLEGE B. 0., \\lamepa
County, Cal., Jan. 22.— The New York
Sun of recent date contained an item in
regard to a lady cyclist that would have
been read with greater interest by the
people of Alameda if the identity of the
fair wheelwoman had been disclosed.
The Sun's article is as follows:
■ Uses one foot only. A woman bicyclist who
attracts the eyes of the crowd on the Boule
vard. Neither the rider who carries a Skye
terrier in a basket attached to his wheel nor
the occasional bicyclist who arouses popular
indignation by carrying a child in front of him
attracts so much attend' among the cro".
In Central . Park or on the Boulevard as
the woman" who rides a bicycle which
has only one pedal. With her left foot
on the pedal ana the other leg stretched out,
with the foot resting at ft point several inches
above the place where the right pedal would
be, she covers as much ground as the average
woman rider on the Boulevard and does it as
quickly. She wears a long skirt and this ap
pears to be attached to the shoe of the foot she
does not use. Whether she is lame or rides in
this way by choice it is not possible to tell from
her appearance, She is a regular ; rider and
wears a dark-gray skirt and- waist. She is a
young woman and no one appears to be having
a better time. <
The rider here described is Mrs. Fannie
ROOM Carpenter, who was graduated from
Mills seminary in -the class of '73. Some
years ago she suffered from inflammatory
rheumatism; which gave. her a stiff knee,
and so she can .use only one foot on the
bicycle, but ha** sometimes ridden thirty
miles a day. Her many friends 'admire
her pluck .and agree with her when she
declares that she sees no reason for allow
ing a long-ago spell of sickness to deprive
her of the pleasures of the wheel.
HENRY HOOK FOUND DEAD
Assemblyman, Cashier of Cus
toms, Member of Union
League Club.
WAS MISSING EOS A WEEK.
Discovered in the Bay Near Oakland.'
The Cause of Death ' U
nknown.
...-_■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 22. ) "
The body of Henry Hook was found in
the estuary at tho foot -of Grove street
this morning. The deceased has been
missing for several days, and after. being
taken to the Morgue many hours elapsed
before it was identified. In his pockets
was found an invitation from the Union
League Club to a meeting. On the little
_in_er of the left hand was a small plain
gold ring, on which wa3 engraved "H. H.
to E. A. 8., December 25, 1875."
The publication of this fact immediately
recalled to members of the Hook family
that the initials fitted the circumstances
of their brother Henry. A visit was made
to the Morgue and the identification was
completed. 7 -7y
Henry Hook was a brother of E. Hook,
the furniture-dealer, who owns the Acme
Club building. The deceased was last seen
leaving the Union League Club on Janu
ary 14 in time to take the last boat for
Oakland. He was not known to arrive in
this city, and was never after*vard seen.
About a year ago his wife died and her
death was keenly felt by the deceased.
How he came to bis death is not known.
Inquiry at his late home to-night threw
no light on his sad death. His brother
says there is not the slightest reason to
suppose that the deceased took his own
life, and unless somebody can be found
who saw him after he boarded the boat it
is probable that the cause of his death
will ever remain a mystery.
Henry Hook, whose body was found in
the bay, near Oakland, yesterday, was
formerly an Assemblyman from Contra
Costa County, which he represented at
Sacramento in 1888 during the twentv
eighth session of tiie Legislature. •
In 1871. shortly after his marriage to
Miss Elizabeth A. Bermingbam, a sister of
Captain John Bermingham of this City,
he held an official position in the United
states customs service in San Francisco
during the time that his brother-in-law,
General Bowie of Martinez, held the posi
tion of Naval Officer at this port. Later he
entered the furniture business in Oakland
with his eldest brother, now and for many
years the head of the well-known firm of
E. Hook.
His health failing him, Henry Hook
moved to Contra Costa County, where he
hoped to find relief from asthma. He en
gaged in wheat farming near Pacheco,
where his father early acquired an exten
sive landed estate. But after nearly ten
years' experience upon his ranch he "gave
up farming and moved to Oakland, where
he built a home on Jackson street.
Always an active and enthusiastic Re
publican, he soon leceived additional po
litical preferment and was appointed
Cashier of Customs, and served while
Timothy Guy Phelps was Collector of the
Port::ayH
He was a prominent candidate before
the last Republican convention for State
Treasurer.
The deceased was about 50 years of age
and a native of Missouri. He came to
California as a mere boy, when his father
crossed the plains in .; the early sixties.
His aged mother survives him and is liv
ing near Pacheco with a younger son, Vin
cent Hook. 'W__\mWtm m _\^m)fSgM
y A; member of the Union League Club
and a man of naturally sociable and
youthful nature, Henry Hook was well
known on both sides of the bay.
Since the death of his wife, a year ago,
the deceased' has resided with his daugh
ter, Miss Elizabeth B. Hook, at their Jack
son-street home. :
RAIDING THE DAIRYMEN.
Alameda's Veterinary Inspector
Found Plenty of Milk Adul
terated With Water.' ; ;
Mrs. J. W. Sanford Breaks a Leg in Fall
ing From a Burning House.
Board of Education.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. Veterinary
Inspector Carpenter stopped a : half dozen
dairymen on their way to deliver milk to
customers In this city early this morning.
He tested their milk and found that in
each instance it had been adulterated
with water. The six dairymen were noti
fied to appear before the Board, of Health
and make an explanation.* v Some; of the
dairy men had been previously . warned
that they must sell 'a better quality of
milk, and Inspector Carpenter is much in
censed at their refusal, to heed the notice
given them. A can of skim , milk was
found in one of the. wagons and its con
tents were poured into the gutter. .
A Lively Blaze.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 22. -There was a
*L .-----.. .•.■■:-•■'■' :"*:. ■■■
lively blaze this afternoon at the residence
of Mrs. J. \Y. Sanford, 882 Cedar street. It
was caused by the explosion of a coil-oil
stove.which the servant had just filled.
The department was called out . and ex
tinguished the flames after about $400
damages had been done.
Mrs. Sanford was in the second story
with her two little children when the
blaze was discovered. The lower floor was
so filled with smoke that 1 she rushed to a
window and accidentally tumbled out, fall
ing to the ground, a distance of fifteen
feet. She broke one of her legs, sprained
an ankle and was otherwise injured, % but
will recover. The children were safely re
moved. Mr. Sanford is in Portland on a
business trip.
Special Grade -Established.
ALAMEDA, Cat;., Jan. 22.— The Board
of Education has authorized School Sup
erintendent Sullivan inform a Latin ninth
grade in the Huight School for the benefit
of those pupils who desire to enter the
High School and take a course at the State
University. Complaint was made that the
requirements of the university could not be
satisfactorily accomplished in three years,
and this special grade will make the work
easier on the pupils after their admission
into the High School.
Cost of the City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 22.— 1t is esti
mated that the total cost of the new City
Hall will reach $5..,000. This includes the
building, furniture, architect fees, side
walks, lighting fixtures and extra work.
The date of dedication will probably be
fixed by the City Trustees next Monday
evening.
Will Not lie Brought Here.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 22.— author
ities of this county will not send after G.
H. Krall, wanted "in this city on a charge
of embezzlement. J. D. Nield, whose
money he is charged with having unlaw
fully taken, declines to make the necessary
affidavit preparatory to the issuance of
requisition papers by the Governor.
-Lecture by Captain Morse.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, Jan. Captain H.
G. Morse, for many years master of the
steamship Alameda, will deliver a lecture
in this city in a short time for the benefit
of the High School library.
Notes.
Minesva Lodge No. 3, Degree of Honor,
A. O. U. W., gave a social last evening in
Fraternal Hall on Park street.
A union mass-meeting will be held in
the Park-street M. E. Ctiurch Wednesday
evening, February 5, for the relief of the
Armenian sufferers. J. F. Ferdener, pres
ident of the Board of City Trustees, will
preside, and remarks will be made by Dr.
A. W. Scott, E. K. Taylor, Rev. W. W.
Scudder, J. N. Young and others.
The School Directors have under consid
eration the proposition of introducing the
system of vertical penmanship in the
public schools.
There is talk of organizing a second
parlor of Native Daughters in this city.
The railroad company is fencing in its
right of way between Railroad and Pacific
avenues, west of Prospect street.
The wife of M. M. Foote, the San Fran
cisco attorney, gave birth to a son Tuesday
evening at the home of her mother on
High street. • • -
ARMENIAN SYMPATHIZERS
Mass-Meeting in Oakland to De-
mand Protection tor the
Oppressed.
Rev. Dr. Coyle's Church Filled by
Citizens to Protest Against
Turkish Cruelties.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
DOS Broadway, Jan. 22. j
Rev. R. F. Coyle's commodious church
was well filled this evening with citizens
who had gathered to protest against the
Armenian massacres. Mayor J. L. Davie
presided and made the opening address.
Among others who spoke were Rabbi
Freidlander, Judge J. M. Haven, Judge S.
G. Nye, Rev. C. W. Wendte, Key. Free
land and Rev. .K. F. Coyle. The following
preamble and resolutions were adopted by
a rising vole at the close of the speaking.
Whereas, The government of the Sultan of j
Turkey has systematically deprived the Arme
nian people of their inalienable rights, includ- i
ing those of life, liberty and pursuit of happi- '■
ness; whereas, he has refused to carry out his !
oftrepeated promises to reform said evils, but |
has increased them by giving his assent for
quartering large bodies of troops among them ;
for protecting these troops by a mock trial from
punishment for any murders which they should
commit; for cutting off the trade of Armenia
with all parts of the world; for imposing taxes
on them without their consent; for transport
ing them to distant pieces to be tried for pre- i
tended offenses; and, whereas, the Sultan has j
practically abdicated government in Armenia j
by declaring the Armenians out of his protec
tion, and waging war against them, and has |
plundered their country, burnt their towns
and destroyed the peace and lives of their
people; and whereas, at this time, after years
of this work of extermination, he is still !
transporting armies of mercenaries to com
plete the work of death, desolation, of '
tyranny, with circumstances of cruelty and
perfidy not paralleled in the most barbarous '
ages, and totally unworthy the head of a nation
in any century; whereas, he has brought into
their country the merciless Kurdish savages,
whose known rule of warfare is an indiscrira
inating destruction of all ages, sexes and con
ditions, and, further, while in every stage of
these oppressions, the Armenian people has
petitioned for redress in the most humble
terms their petitions have been answered only
by heapinginsult upon injury, we therefore de
clare the said Saltan of Turkey to be a merci
less tyrant and wholly unlit to be the ruler of
any people whatsoever; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the citizens of Oakland,
Cal., in mass-meeting assembled, solemnly de
clare:
First— in our opinion, the Sultan of Tur
key has forfeited all right to rule over the peo
ple of Armenia. '
Second— That we respectfully, but most
earnestly urge our Government to make every
possible effort to induce the Governments of
Christendom to rouse themselves from their
apathy and their tear of each other end rise in
the name- of justice and humanity, in the name
of the great doctrine of the brotherhood of
man, and put an end to this intollerable state
of affairs which threatens with extermination
hundreas of thousands of our innocent, suffer
ing and defenceless fellow-men.
Third— That we urge our Government to do
everything in its power to preserve the fruits
of American missionary toil.
Fourth— That We express our ardent sym
pathy with the unutterable sufferings of this
persecuted race, and that we pledge our prac
tical co-operation with the Red Cross move
ment, under the management of Clara Barton,
and with every other movement which looks
to the amelioration of the wretched condition
of the Armenian people. >'
Fifth— Resolved, that while we deplore the !
warlike attitude existing, at present between
all the great powers of the earth, and while we
shall continue to pray that the Angel of Peace
may shelter all the nations under his out- '
spread Wings, yet we ask that international I
differences may be go fur and so long forgotten |
or adjusted that the powers may combine, by
peaceful methods, or otherwise, to protect the i
Armenians.. -
. Sixth— Lastly, that we " call upon all the
people of Christendom to insist in every pos- I
sible: way that these unspeakable atrocities, j
which are the diserace and burning shame of
the closing decade of this century, shall !
promptly and forever cease.
The following address by the Armenians
of California was read at the meeting and
heartily indorsed:
.*.. Honorable Chairman of the Mass-Meeting for
the suffering ; Armenians in Turkey: We, Ar
menians living in California, the Golden State
of the Union, and enjoying holy American
liberty, are heartbroken and grieved hearing
the voices of our brothers' blood coming from
over land -. and ; sea from our dear country, Ar
menia; '■'■'■;
In our sore affliction and anxiety the news
of these mass-meetings of the sympathetic
public of noble America comes to us as conso
lation that our nation is not altogether for
gotten ; that there are Christian hearts to
cherish . and human feelings to sympathise
with us. " ';:;•;.
.-..A110w us on this great occasion to express
our views in this matter for which vouhave
gathered here to-night.'
The committed outrages are of so barbarous
a nature for human being to believe that al
ways we are asked if it is really as bad as rep
resented, and the cause of it. '
In answer to the first question, we would
most emphatically repeat that it is really
worse than it is represented, and that there is
no word in Christian dictionary— no, nor in
human vocabulary— strong- and expressive
■ enough to describe its most thrilling nature.
It is a true saying, "In the cause could bo
found the means of salvation." ..
There is no hope for reforming the Turk, and
so it is useless to try. It is merely waste of time
and energy, and causes more shedding of blood
to try to reform the old-headed, stone-hearted,
senseless, fanatic, bigoted Turks. As long as
Turks believe in the person of -the Sultan as
the representative of God and look to his will
and command as to tbat sent from God noth
ing is too barbarous or atrocious for them to do
as long as commanded by their bigoted Caliph.
Why is it, then, that the Kurds do not raid
on the Mussulmans and' ask taxes from them?
Why is it, then, that the Mussulmans havo
many privileges denied to the Armenians?
Why is it, then, that they offer the sword or
Mohammedanism and suffer those Armenians
who accept their religion, were it not for reli
gions fanaticism? ." ' .' ; ■■>"■",
The Bible and education both 'led us into
freedom. For how is it possible for a man to
read the Bible and learn how God made man
and remain a slave still and indifferent?
So it is impossible, or otherwise too thought
less, to send missionaries over "there to tell
them of their human rights by educating or
enlightening and leave them helpless in the
hands of bloodthirsty Turks, like sheep among
the wolves. It will be as cruel on the part
of the Americans as on that ot tho
Turk, if not more go, for not rendering ma
terial aid.
■This is not a case of pestilence or famine.
We wish it were, for then money and advico
might have done great good. /But this is a case
of life and death in the handS of a Nero poten
tate.. Force and only force can settle it.
Let us show to the wicked, cruel Sultan that
the stars and stripes, our dearly bought flag,
cannot stand such shame and cruelties; that
it is the flag of humanity, and that whenever
and wherever wrong is done to humanity it is
done to it.
Copies of letters from Armenians in Tar
key telline of the cruelties practiced on
them were also read. . , ***.; [ '■'/-.
THEY WILL OPEN AGAIN
Downtown Poolrooms Are About
to Resume Busi
ness.
The Grand Jury Taking Cognizance
of the Bookmakers'
Wheel.
Thomas H. Williams says the down
town poolrooms will have no direct wires to
day from the Bay District racetrack. That
means that the California Jockey Club is
thoroughly in accord with the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, that all bookmakin-t
should be made, in accordance with the
Ellert ordinance, within the inclosure
where the races takes place.
But the downtown poolrooms will have
the odds, the weights, the jockeys and the
results just the same as if they had a
direct wire, and they will open their shops
this morning ready to do a "commission"
business. The "Belfry," where the "fly
by-night" bucket-shops held forth, will
not be reopened, but the "Big Eight" have
arranged* to get all the necessary news to
accommodate their customers.
Last night Jerry DriscolJ, Charles
Kingsley, Henry Schwartz, Harry E. Cor
bett and the others who are in the swim
had a meeting. It was strictly executive.
Had it not been, its details might have
furnished elegant material for the Grand
Jury to work upon. These moneyed men
of the downtown fraternity decided that
they would continue their "business until
' the courts decided whether or not they
had a right equal to that accorded the
track bookmakers. ' /•"'
They likewise determined that they
would not rest on their haunches as they
did when Edward Corrigan stopped them
from getting news from the Ingieside
track, but that they would use every legal
'measure to get around T. H. Williams'
restriction. \
This will certainly not be a difficult task
as there are no less than a dozen telegraph
stations within a quarter of a mile of the
Bay District track. In addition to this
there are back yards, housetops, trees and
points of vantage galore from which the
races may be viewed by any one caring to
send the news into town.
The first tea ever raised for the market
in Arkansas was offered for sale in
Memphis recently. The consignment
consisted of 300 pounds and was of fine
quality.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLKiENCK.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, January 22.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 75 hours from Taenia*
Bay : pass and mdse, to C J Hendry, Sons A Co.
Schr Puritan, Saxe, 21 days from Port Gamble,
via Port Townsend 19 days; lumber, to Pone A
Talbot.
Schr Gotama. Bressen, from sea on account of
collision with schr Orient. . . . ■ :-;
Sallot.
WEDNESDAY, January 22.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Port Townsend.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW -.ok X— Arrived Jan 22-Stmr Teutonic,
from Liverpool. • '•_ V_j7'* •'■PPP4- y
Importation*.
YAQCINA BA •_ —Per Farallon— 36oo sks wheat,
2949 sks oats, 100 lif sks 161.. qr sks flour, 11 ska
bark, 1000 cs 17 bbls salmon, 31 bbls 4 pkgs Iron,
•_' ska rubber. 1 ca copper, 33 roils leather, 10 cs
eggs, 2 coops chickens, 1 bdl pelts, 1 bx adv mat
ter, 21 txlls hides, 34 sks oysters.
Consignee*.
Per Farallon— XV B Sumner & Co: D E Allison A
Co; smith's Cash store; XV l" Fuller & Co. .Morgan
Oyster Co; Standard Oil Co; v 11 Hammer; Staur
fer<fcCo; J Everdinsr A Co; E P.' Stevens & Co;
Brown <fc Adams; C Harley A Co; Allen A Lewis;
11 Dotard : Moore. Ferguson A Co; C J I.cist it Co:
Pacific Commercial Co. ,
NEW TO-DAY. ,7; : ;
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding' of the
transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts— tie efforts— pleasant efforts—
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without 7 debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig- Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists. ■■■---*.;■'
If in the •; enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere/ Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
« BfflSßßffl
1314
TO GUARD POINT BONITA.
A Life-Saving Station to Be Es
tablished on the North
Shore.
DEFINITE RECOMMENDATIONS.
Site Selected and An Efficient Station
and Patrol With Telephones
Decided On.
It has been practically settled that Point
Bonita, on the north shore of the Golden
Gate, is to have a life-saving station. That
shore through all the steady development
of the port of San Francisco has remained
unprotected, or rather no protection has
been offered to shipping in distress along
its forbidding rocks and reefs, and the re
sult is a matter of history. Nearly every
cove and "rock marks the spot where some
proud ship met her fate, and where, too,
not a few brave sailors went down forever.
These facts impressed themselves long
ago upon the United States Life-saving
Service oilicials, who fully appreciated the
importance of takine immediate steps to
place protection upon the Marin shores.
But it took time to put the machinery of
Government- with its red tape in motion,
and meanwhile the Elizabeth, the City of
New York and a schooner went down
across the Golden Gate. The time has at
last come, however, when an efficient
station with boats, life lines, patrols, etc.,
is to be established at Point Bonita.
The Superintendent and Inspector of
the United States Life-saving Service in
this port has recommended to the chief of
the service in Washington, 1). C, that this
station be established at the earliest pos-
sible date. The chief carefully digested
the recommendation, saw merit in its
urgent claims, and last week reported
favorably upon it to the Congressional
committee. Since then an expression has
been obtained from the committee that
warrants a conclusion that Congress will
make an appropriation for the station.
The local officials of the Life-saving Ser
vice stated yesterday that they were fully
satisfied at last that Point Bonita would
have a station suitable for any emergency.
As to the exact location of the proposed
station the superintendent would not say
what spot has been chosen. It was
enough, he thought, to state that the shore
in and about Point Bonita had been scien
tifically surveyed and examined with a
view to selecting a site, and after a mature
consideration of prevailing winds, coast
lines, rocks ami effects of storms on the
various coves, the service had settled upon
a place which was almost without defects
from a lifeboat man's point of view.
"We have not yet made plans, such as
you would call plans that is, detailed
drawings and designs for the station and
its appliances. That is an after considera
tion. In a general way, however, our
plans are pretty clearly defined upon the
matter, and we know to a nicety just what
is needed and what we shall have. While
there are two, or. you may say, three sta
tions on this side of the Golden Gate, the
whole north shore has been left unpro
tected. Anybody who knows the charac
ter of the currents and other conditions
between the heads knows, too, what this
means.
"We intend to have a lifeboat station
similar to the station out near Fort Point.
It will be connected by telephone with
Lime Point, and there "the wire will be
taken across the straits on the cable to
Fort Point, where connection will be made
with the stations on this side, and also
with the office in the Appraisers' building.
"By means of this telephonic communica
tion we can know immediately on this
tide what is taking place along the oppo
site shore and up beyond Point Bonita.
Some time ago, when a schooner was
nshore near the lighthouse, danger signals
were displayed, and the siren was Kept
sounding danger signals. But the weather
was so thick and the fog so heavy that no
body could hear the siren across the
Golden Gate. This was going on for
hours until by chance a rift came in the
fog. In a few moments our men on this
side saw the vessel on the rocks. A boat
was launched at Fort Point, and we saved
every man on that wreck. This is an in
stance of the uncertain value of life
saving stations on this side for service
across the straits. When a strong tide is
flooding in between the heads it is impos
sible to pull a lifeboat against it or to
cross the Golden Gate, and then the ser
vice is helpless without the aid of a tug
boat. °
"It is seldom that a boat can be launched
in the surf out on the ocean beach, so as
sistance from that station to a vessel in
distress across the straits is very doubtful.
Then our station on the beach is more of a
lifeline station than a lifeboat station, as
it relies mainly on its lifeline work for sav
ing life. A ship will come far inshore
along the beach before she is in danger,
and then when she runs aground our men
can reach her with lifelines thrown from
puns. We have taken off men from wrecks
in this way very successfully. No change
Is contemplated in the service at Fort
Point or on the beach, as all the coast
about Point Lobos must be watched, and
we need another staff of men to look out
for the north side. The place we have se
lected is so situated that a boat can be
launched in any weather and rowed right
out into the heavy seas, and when such a
protection on the norm shore is a reality
we will have tbe entrance to the port of
San Francisco as well protected as we
could hope to save it."
TO REPUBLICANS.
The County Committee Makes a Valua
ble Suggestion a* to the Selection
of Precinct Boards.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
San Francisco, January 21, 1896.
Editor CdU-DEAR Sir: Believing it to be of
the utmost urgency and importance that the
respective county committeemen should have
some voice in the selection of election officers
I would earnestly recommend the committee,
either as a body or individually, to make an
effort to secure the choice by the Election
Commission of good, efficient Republicans to
represent the party in the Drecinct Doards. ft
is entirely immaterial whether sucn Election
Commission be the new board, or in case that
is declared illegal, the old board assume the
functions of the office as was previously their
duty and custom, nor does it exercise much in
fluence in this matter whether the new primary
election law be upheld by the Supreme Court or
declared unlawful, but it is beyond question
most advisable that the County Committee
should prepare a list of eligible voters to serve
as election officers. I believe it our privilege,
in fact, our duty, as citizens and as Republi
cans to assist the de facto Election Commission
to appoint none but unquestionable Republi
cans for the share of officers to which the
party is entitled.
We would - urge your earnest and Imme
diate attention to this matter, and re
quest you to hand your list or mail it this
week to the secretary of the Couutv Commit
tee, such list to contain at least fifteen Repub
lican voters who are on the assessment-roll
The board may want only ten, but it will be
well to propose fifteen, as there are thirty
names from each precinct to be distributed as
nearly equal as possible among the different
parties. Your early attention will oblige
yours truly. Charles W. Man-waking,
Chairman Republican County Committee.
Attest: John Jackson, Secretary.
WORK OF A GANG.
Secretary Holbrook Says Harkins' Horse
Was Mutilated by an Organized Band '
of Hoodlums.
To the disappointment of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
the fiends who mutilated the horse belong
ing to Thomas Harkins at 45 Jessie street
still remain undiscovered.
! Five policemen are working on the case,
• at well as the regular officers of the society,
but it is proving almost an impossibility to
secure any testimony on the subject. Sec
retary Charles Holbrook said yesterday:
There is a regular gang In that block on
Jessie street and in the vicinity who are the
terror of more peacable neighbors. That poor
animal was never tortured and tied up by one
or even two men, it was the work of a band,
but every one evidently stands in fear of them
and dare not give testimony. It is almost im
possible to get a whisper in fact, though a
number of people in that block certainly know
who did the torturing. We know some of the
members of the gang, and suspect others of
being in with them, but suspicions are no use
without witnesses, as we must prove that they
were seen going into the stable that night.
It is the belief of the officers that Tom
Harkins, the owner of the animal that was
so brutally mutilated, could tell a good
deal more "if he chose to speak, both with
regard to the gang of hoodlums and also
with regard to their raid upon his stable.
Secretary Holbrook suspects there is a
good deal more in the story than appears
on the surface, but Thomas Harkins,
either from prudential motives for his
own safety or because he wishes to con
ceal something, refrains from giving any
clew, other than saying he believes the
deed was committed "by some of these
fellows around here."
Meanwhile the officers are working dili
gently on the clews which they already
possess, and it is believe^ that when the
excitement the mutilation of the horse has
created in the block subsides somewhat
the terror inspired by the gang will die
away a little, and there will he less diffi
culty in securing people willing to testify.
THE LUX CASE SUBMITTED
Arguments of Both Sides Over
the Widow's Allowance for
Support.
A Plea That Death Does Not Change
a Pending Judgment Nor Vacate
an Order.
The argument in the matter of the estate
of Charles Lux, deceased, was made before
the Supreme court in bank yesterday and
the case submitted. It was upon the ap
peal of the next of kin, or the German
branch of the Lux family, as they are com
monly known, from an order of family
allowance made to the widow of Charles
Lux, deceased.
When Lux died on March 15, 1887, by the
terms of his will his wife, Miranda W.
Lux, was given the use and rents of the
Buri Buri Rancho in San Mateo County,
which brought her $27,000 in income and
$110,000 from its sale before her death.
The will also gave her $500 a month. At
his request she permitted her share of the
great Miller & Lux property which she
inherited from her husband to remain with
the common stock.
On .May 4, 1887, the San Mateo Superior
Court made an order upon her application
granting her an allowance of $2500 per
month for her support from the date oi her
husband's death to August 30, ISSS, the
date of the filing of the inventory. March
25, 1892, she applied for an allowance out
of the estate during the process of its set
tlement of $2500 pei month. The next of
kin of the devisees under his will nled an
objection to the order applied for, and the
court granted her a monthly allowance of
$1000. Upon her appeal the Supreme Court
reversed this order, and the case was re
manded to the lower court with instruc
tions to nake an order granting her a rea
sonable allowance pending the settlement
of the estate. The SuDerior Court March
22, 1894, again allowed her thes2soo to date
from August 30, 1888. The estate, which
was appraised at the death of Charles Lux
at $4,000,000, has grown to the present value
of $10,000,000, 90 per cent of which is com
munity property.
The appellants, represented by D. M.
Delmas and J. 11. Campbell, hold that
Mrs. Lux had no claim to an allowance at
the date of the order appealed from, al
leging that she had received from the es
tate abundant means of support, compris
ing the $110,000 from the Buri Buri rancho
sale, $27,000 in rents and $45,000 already
paid her in monthly allowances. They
proved that these means of support were
not exhausted, but remained in her hands,
and that she being childless and wealthy,
was not in need of further support.
The respondents, represented by Garber,
Boalt & Bishop, answered that the Su
preme Court in its instructions to the
lower court had ordered that the allow
ance be made without regard to the fact
that the widow had separate property
sufficient for her support; also that her
income was not sufficient for her support
in the manner in which she had been
accustomed to live during the life of ber
husband.
Mrs. Lux died September 20, 1894, after
the appeal was taken, and appellants'
counsel contended that her death extin
guished her claim to the allowance. This
was met by the plea that the claim having
passed into judgment it did not die with
her person, even though an appeal
from such judgment was pending at the
time. A decision was noted in the Ohio
Supreme Court which sustained this plea,
and other authorities were quoted which
held the ground that an appeal from an
order or judgment does not vacate it.
The order here appealed from i-'in sub
stance and effect a judgment for money
payable in installments. In their argu
ments the attorneys for respondents main
tained that after a judgment or order
therefor by the Probate Court it becomes
an absolute vested property right, and as
the judgment or order is not vacated by
an appeal therefrom the death of the
widow or other claimant pending such ap
peal cannot extinguish the claim. Even
if the widow should die before judgment,
bat after a decision upon the facts giving
the right to lie allowance, judgment
might still be rendered upon that decision.
The case was submitted.
SAN FRANCISCO '•CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cau
-110 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery strut,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
■ntll 9 o'clock.
1618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lift Ninth street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OF MEETINGS.
K5? DORICLODOE N0. '216", F. AND A
*m*f* A.M. l'_!l Eddy st.— Called meeting ATA
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. _Jecon3lr\f
degree. Sojourning brethren are Invited. /^r>
By order of the XV. M.
' A. KRONBERG, Secretary.
jK_S» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. a
!»>*--■ AND A. M.. will meet THIS A
(THURSDAY) EVENING, Januarv 2:i,«V
at 7 :30 o'clock, third degree. Bv order of f^y\ i
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
JKSg-* OCCIDENTAL LODGE N0.J22, F. ft -
»~-«^ and A. Officers and members are JL\.
requested to assemble THIS (TH U HsdaY'iVY
AFTERNOON at 1:1.0 o'clock to attend the /*^>
funeral of our late brother, ELVIN F. MY V ATT
late of Pajaro Lodge No. 110, at Watsonville. By
order of W. M. EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
jr^s* a. O. n., B. OF E.— A BPKCIALfc>«Wj
■»-»" meeting of the State and County Xl if
Board will be held THIS (THURSDAY) »ov , ||
EVENING, January 23, at 8 o'clock. atc£\K«»
Irish-American Hah. All members of the'j^^fc'
various divisions are invited to attend.
CHARLES WHELAN, S. D.
*r^S=« "CLANWA NAN GAIDHEAL v <__? v,
w*-^ 'an Guailibh a' cheile."— The 3S. C»iXj
B. F. Scottish Thistle Club will hold its >K»sXsS?
regular semi-monthly meeting at Fra- *fc=sNk
ternity Hall, shjels building. 32 O'Farrell st.,
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at 8 O'clock. At
the conclusion of the meeting the '•monthly
smoker" will be held. All Scotchmen are cordially
invited to be present. J. D. CONLIE, Royal Chief.
Geobok W. Patkkson, Recorder.
OP35*- "A NICHT Wl' BURNS"- . ct- w*
i**** The St. Andrew's Societ" will 3V. SjM
celebrate the one hundred and thirtv- *J\X!£_?
*?; v "'! ! . h „ anniversary of the bi « h ot'^SS^a'
ROBERT BURNS by a literary entertainment
tlr^-J". -!** " d ance at Scottish Hall FRIDAY
I_V__AIM., January 24. Selection* from Burns*
songs by prominent vocalists. Address by the
Rev. H. c. Minton, D.D. Admission 25c, cloak-
r< o _7-?.'": e ANDREW WILKIE, President.
W. C. Cook, Secretary. . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, ISOC.
MEETI.VG NOTICES- Continued.
AI-I- WHO FAVOR GOVERNMENT
Stops' ownership of railroads are invited to attend
the great mass-meeting to be held in Metropolitan
Temple next THURSDAY NIGHT, January 23,
at 8 o'clock. Able and well-known speakers will
address the meeting. Ladles special'y invited. . .
IP_^""THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
KS-* r of thestockhaldersof tho B'nai B'ritli Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy st., San Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1896. at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting. :
JACOB hEVISON. Secretary.
npg-p THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
">-^ of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve lor Hie ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. DONAHUE, -secretary.
Bp-S 3 PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. Co/l
] Slr-XS' The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth ('24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer hooks will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary,
office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's nlace, San
Francisco, < al.
«r3p~TO LET-HALL AND CLUBROOMS:
"^y eventually tolease. 3 10 O'Farrell. basement.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
IP^ THE W O»PHiNB AN~D ITaIP
\itr*zsr orphans that were received Into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amlv Subaner,
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
yrs.; Margaret Biuhnell, 12 vrs.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr.; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris, 10 yrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs.; Susie San-
chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs.: Meta Reeb, 'J
yrs.; Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.; Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 vrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.; Annie Miller, 2 vrs.; Josephine
Miller. 1 yr. : Mary Pancratic, 1 yr. ; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9 yrs.; Vera Marks, 4 yrs.; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.; Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.; Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley, 8 yrs.;
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.; Lucretia Lenard, 6 vrs.;
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.; William white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs.; Mary Jackson, 1 yr.; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.: Joseph Catchman, 4 vrs.; Laura
'email, 9 yrs.; Agnes Catchman, 5 vrs. ; Irene
Caichman. 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere, 9 vrs.; Gastina
Montonia, 2 yrs.: Johnny Rice, 7 vrs.: George
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg, 8 yrs.
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yrs.; Mar.
Donlon, 9 yrs. yy .' _
UPP^r* CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Er~£7 Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
jf-S=" WALLACE, 109 POWELL - si..
&*■& room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
EK*s=* MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
tfr-*' 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
j£7S=-- BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR ?L
*r*-^ Collections made, city or countrv. Pacitio
Collection Co., 413 Montgy st., room 6, Tel. 6580.
CtrS 1 * CORNS. INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS^
gg^y fully treated. DR. I.LOYD, Lurlme Baths.
E£^g=» WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
I**-*' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed, c. ROSSI A CO., 242 Sutter.
s¥^B=* ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPER-
"^■^ ed s.i so im. 3171/2 Third, Georae Hartman.
Kg 3 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
->-»" THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SC~s= DlvTdTcniTno™^
u*~-^ 27 (15 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
sugar Plantation Co. will be payable on and after
Friday, January 24, 1896.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
■Uf ANTED^BY A YOUNG AMERICAN
11 woman position cooking and downstairs work
or general housework In small family: competent
in all branches of housework: would like to sleep
at home. Address for one week M. E. 8., 710 Ellis
St.; no postals.
USI X.>S WOMAN, WELL ACQUAINTED,
wishes a position as housekeeper In a lodging-
house or chamberwork: home more object than
wages. Address MRS. P., box 37, Call Office.
SWISS GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
upstairs or general housework in private fam-
ily. Apply Helvetia Hotel, 431 l'inest.
"VrOl KG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
J- sist in light housework or to take care of child.
Address 508 Po t st.
rp WORTHY CAPABLE AMERICAN
J- woman desires position as housekeeper or
nurse: could lake full charge of invalid. Address
929 Howard St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— SITUATION AS GOVERNESS B~Y
xl German L'irl : French, Gprman and music: good
references. Call or address XX'., Young Womens*
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farrell st.
OOD. RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion to do general housework and assist house-
work; references. Call or address 611 Locust ave.,
bet. Golden Gate ave. and McAllister st., off La-
gutia.
YOU.VG LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
X waitress: cityorcou try ; city preferred. Ap-
ply at 405 Stevenson st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X to do second work jor general housework in a
small family. Address 1042 Army st.
DRESSMAKER^ GOOD PITT WISHES
more engagements In families; 75c a day. Ad-
dress W. M., box 105, Call Office.
YOUKO WOMAN WANTS WORK; WASH-
X ing or housecleaniug. Call or address 306
Tenth st.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO GES-
X eral housework. Call or address 3211 Geary st.,
near i oyce. . .*■...
y OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHKS. SITUA-
X. tion to do chamherworK and sewing. Address
room 55. Ahlborn House., Grant ave. and Bush st.
YOt'SU GIRL WANTS POSITION TO DO
X general housework; $10 a month. Address 20
Sheridan st. ; sleep home.
WILLING, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
x 1 wants domestic work of any kind, citv or coun-
try. Call or address 2'-'9' 3 Sixth st.
\y ANTED— AN V KIND OF SEWING OR
»' mending: children's work. Apply 25 Her-
mann cor. Stevenson.
yOUNG WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
X do chamberwork or as housekeeper. Call or
address 1126 Market St., room 6.
Y*OUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IN 11 0-
X tel as cook ; city or country. Call 150 Fourth
St., room 29.
pOMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
XJ housework; city or country wages moderate.
Call 22 Ash ave., near Larkin st.
Q EAMSTRESS WISHES ENGAGEMENTS"
>J terms $1. Address G., 834 Folsom st.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X plain cooking and general housework. Anolv
137 Oak st., near Goush.
CITI ATI ON WANTED BY AN EXPERI-
O enced and reliable cook In an American fam-
ily. 114 Prospect place;
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
O woman for cooking in boarding-house or pri-
vate family; no objection to country; reference.
Call Market st., bet. Eleventu and Twelfth.
WOMAN WOULD LIKE WORK BY" THE
T» day, washing and ironing or housecleanlnE.
1113 Twenty-third, near Sanchez.
OM PETE NT ENGLISH COOK (MIDDLE
XJ aged) wishes situation in neat family; city or
country, good lau.idress; moderate wages: fond
of children. Call 159 Third st.
REFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION
as housekeeper. 832 Mission st., room 6. "
/ k.MPETENT GIRL _ WISHES _ PLACE _ FOR
XJ general housework; also good girl wishes place
for second work. Call at 731 Folsom st.
"y OUNG FINN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
x. do general housework; wages $15. Call 42
Everett.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
Hon -as cook, do general housework or take
care of infant; no objection to country. Address
606 Folsom St., room 5.
EXPERIENCED NURSE AND SEAMSTRESS
XJ wishes a situation; can take entire charge of
infant from birth: also care of invalids; best of
city references; would assist with chamberwork.
Address 8.. box 80, Call Office.
ITU A WANTED AS COOK, OR TO GO
out by the day; understands Jewish or German
cooking; best references given. Address or call
739 Vallejo st.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
x. do light housework. 9 Page st.
"VTURSEGIRL, SPEAKS GERMAN, WISHES
X.X situation.- Address ('. D., box 28, Call Office.
EELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION";
good cook and will do light housework; city» or
short distance in country; moderate wages. 27%
Fourth st. • .
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY
from the East to do light housework and plain
sewing; wages $15; will sleep home. Address A.,
box 8, this office. ' ' .
/ m - 1 . i'i ■ i ; i : d "lady WITH EASTERN cer-
XJ tiricate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care. of
Sherman, Clay A -Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
TV"EAT iIL, CAN PEAK GERMAN,
_Xx wishes situation at counter in bakery. Call
1140 Stevenson st., near Ridley.
DRESSMAKER — FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
and litter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address B. H. A., box 28.
Call Office.
CAND IN AVIAN GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
tion for general housework. ' Apply 23 Perry st.
.-.FINED MARRIED Wo.M A ~ I "RES
situation as housekeeper. 603 Post St., room 2.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS A PLACE
X to do general housework; wages $15. --■ Call at
88 Everti st. mm HlWHilliWWJi ■''.••*■■ •■ •'■•■'■■■ -
LAD 1 ! WOULD LIKE TO TEACH SMALL
children. Address L. M., box 107, Call.
SITUATION -7 """ - ~AS WORKING
housekeeper; references. Apply 427 Grove st. •
AaataSmnTTm, -— ii—r-u t*r\-rur- irr-M - i\-rii*tim*,ni"nmm. im. * '
_J"JTr^JIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
SITUATION WANTED BY~~AN~EXPERI-
enced girl for general housework; best city
reference; wages not less than $25. Call or ad-
dress 1205 Laguna st.
"jVITDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
xxx tlon to do general housework and cooking.
Call or address 1722 Lexington ave., bet. Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth sts.
SITUA'n(7)N"wXNTED BY A WILLING GER-
man girl to do general housework. Apply at
428 Chestnut St., in the rear.
SITUATION" " WANTED BY AN ELDERLY*
0 Scotch woman to do housework or cooking; no
objection to a large family; city or country. Call
or address for 3 days 62 Natoma st,
ERMAN WOMAN WISHES A PLACE TO
• do housework or as housekeeper; city or coun-
try; $8 to $10 a month. 11l Twenty-sixth St.,
near Mission; Mission Hotel.
1 EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
■igood place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
1 EXPERIENCED MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
x lady desires position as housekeeper; excellent
cook. H. K.. box 4, Call.
A * OUNG WIDOW. IS WISHING POSITION AS
J- working housekeeper; is capable of taking
entire cb-.rge of any private house; is a good
American cook and seamstress, and is not afraid
of work; country preferred: fine references from
present employers. Address W. 11., box 54. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY EXPERIENCED IN
all kind . of work wants position, city or coun-
try. Address 297 Clementina st, '
V OUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
-I- housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
GI RM A N GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN fiKR.
T man family to do upstairs work ana wait on
ab e. 468 Jessie st. -
A"" OUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
x. typewriter. 873% Market St., room 13, second
floor.
BY A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post; no objection to leaving the city or State.
Address, for one week, L. Z., box 59, Call Omce.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAN TED -MALE.
I~>~crG7cooK^s6c^
- . branches ishort notice. 14 Geary. ;tel.Grant 46.
APANKSE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
O vldes best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. Grant 30.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CIHINEBE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
I office; best help. 41-1' 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
"yOUNG, HONEST MAN (SCANDINAVIAN)
i- wishes situation as day or night watchman :
willing to furnish a few hundred dollars' security
if required; city or Oakland preferred. Address J.,
box 65, this office.
W A NTBD BY 2 JAPANESE; FIRST-CLASS
TT chamber-workers, general cooks and skillful
at washing clothes, or first-class dishwashers; citv
or country. Apply 1012 Valencia st.
A N ACTIVE AND INTELLIGENT MAN
J x. seeks a position as bookkeeper and corres-
pondent; city references and security if required.
Address A. A., box 31, Call Office.
Ur ANTED— WORK OF ANY' KIND BY MlD-
dle-agi-d German of good appearance; trust-
worthy, sober and handy at any work. Address
A. V. S.. box 3, Call Office.
WANTED— BY A COMPETENT STENOG-
TT raplier and Writer, situation in a law of-
flee, with opportunity to study law. E. It., box 1,
Call Office.
"y OUNG MAN.INTELLIGENT. SPEAKSGER-
X. man, wishes position as bartender; best of
references. Address B. L, box 63, call office.
OACHMAN AND GARDENER WISHES A
situation; has first-clais references; city or
country. Address L. 8., box 78. this office.
' 0 6 NO MAN WOULD LIKE A POSITION*
x. driving delivery wagon. Address D. D., box 32,
Call Office.
yOUNG MAN WITH 2 YEARS' EXPERI-
-1 ence wishes a situation as barber. Apply 416
Fulton st.
WA i II- STEADY POSITION AS PORTER,
watchmsn; etc., by man who is good carpenter,
and who will attend to his work: good city refer-
ences or security. Address XV. M., box 85, Call
Office.
\l ' ILL 1 0 ANY KIND OF WORK IN CATHO-
TT He family: moderate wages; good reference.
Address J., box 19, Call.
WANTED— WORK ii V A PAPER-HANGER;
tt any kind. HALL, 1137 Mission st.
BARBER WISHES SITUATION; 16 MONTHS'
experience. Address R. 8., box 43, Call.
ARBER. A YOUNG MAN, WISHES slTUA-
tlon. Address P. LEU H, 112 William St.
"yOUNG MAN OF 20 WISHES SITUATION
J- of any kind; driving wagon preferred. Apply
525 Natoma st.
Y OUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
x from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. P.., box 57, Call.
B'l FIRST-CLASS WASHER AND SHIRT
lroncr. Address W. I, box 57. Call Office.
'WANTED— BY COOK-HELPER, JOB IN A
tt logging or mining camp to run kitchen and
dining-room: 10 years' experience. Address G.
It., box 78, Call Office. /
WAN TED-WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
- 1» man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking orother
work; city or country. Please address U. VIE-
LITZ, 031 Sacramento St.. room 86.
SITUATION, CITY OR COUNTRY, BY
IJ s:eady man; care private place; can milk,
drive; handy with tools; reference! Address J. L.,
box 29, Call Office.
pOOK, BAKES GOOD BREAD, DESIRES
v./ situation; country preferred. Address 1301
Santa Clara ave, Alameda.
REGISTERED DRUG CLERK BY EXAMINA-
tion, wishes position. Address S. MILLER
Jr., San Francisco Postoffice.
rp'HoROUGHLY RELIABLE GERMAN
X would like position as watchman. Please call
or address 218a Turk st.
/ lOM IosITOR, COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
xj job work, wants position; English and Ger-
man. Please call or address H. !■'., 15 Langton st.
"WANTED— BY A GOOD STRONG BOY OF
tt 17, place in factory, store or tending a small
boiler. Call or address 525 Ellis st.
■\7"OUN'G~MAN, AM ERIC AN, STEADY, RE-
-1 liable and Industrious, would like work on a
fr it ranch: Santa Clara County preferred. Ad-
dress M.. box 450, Call Office, Oakland.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THB
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. i
LAUNDRESS, HOTEL. CITY, $25; AMERI-
XJ can woman, cook for 4 grown persons on
ranch, $15 to $20; cook on ranch, San Rafael, see
party here; and gins for housework. R. T.WARD
& CO., 610 Clay st.
/ IEB M . \ DOWNSTAIRS GIRL, $25; NUM-
XT ber of young German girls, $20; neat voting
French girl. $20; young nursegirl, sleep home,
$12. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
"yOUNG N RSEGIRL FOR FAMILY LIVING
X In hotel. C. R.HANSEN &CO., 110 Geary.
"yOUNG NURSEGIRL; LIVE HOME: SMALL
-L wages. C. It. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED-COOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $40;
tt restaurant cook. $7 week; 3 German cooks,
$25 and $30; American nurse. $20: 2 hotel wait-
resses and a large number of girls to fill situations
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312
Sutter st.
*tIT ANTED— GERM AN COOK. SMALL A RD-
tt ing-house. country, $30; housekeeper, $25;
German coo^s, $30 and $25; Protestant girl, small
family, $25. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
HAMBERMAID, LODGING-HOUSE, $15; 20
XJ housework girls, city, $20 and $25: voung
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st. -P'zyiy-:- ,
OOK: OAKDALE; $30. MISS CULLEN, 106
Stockton st.
\\ r ANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR
tt maid, $30; also 2 good second girls at $20
each: cook, small institution, $20; 2 waitresses,
same hotel, countrv, $20; 60 good housework
girls, $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st. ■■'. ;■;
W' GERMAN WOMAN, HANFORD,
$25; 10 girls today, $20. MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton st.
COOK, FIRST-CLASS BOARDING-HOUSE,
$40; housegirl, country, $25: 4 housegirls,s2o;
nurse, city, 930; cook, $30: second girl, $20; wai-
tress, $25; 4 housegirls, $20. 315 Sutter st.
WANTED-3 GIRLS FOR COOKING AND
housework, $20, i 25; 2 girls for the country,
cooking and general housework, $20, $26. liyi
Antonia st., off Jones, near Ellis.
Ci >M PE'I'ENT IRONER, FINE WORK, CITY,
$28 and board; waitress, country hotel, $25.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St. .
OUNG LaDY as cashier FOR A LARGE
J- retail house, must have city experience; also a
saleslady with city experience for muslin under-
wear department.- United States industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
VyANTED-GIRLS TO LEARN DRKSSMAK-
tt Ing and millinery in first-class establishment;
good position guaranteed. 121 Post St., room 27,
over O'Connor A Moffatt's.
AP PRENTICE ON COATS; YOUNG GIRL;
paid while learning; reference. Call after 9
o'clock, 9 Powell St.. room 3. -'.;
GOOD GERMAN GIRT. GENERAL HOUSE-
work; small family; no wash; $15. - 640 Fif-
teenth st. .
Bi i i ; s MA K ER-TO WORK IN FACTORY;
cut and fit; must be experienced; state wages
andapply. p. t., box 167, Call Office. ....-.■.,-...-
WANTED-GIRL FOR STOCKTON TO DO
" plain cooking and general - housework; small
family. Apply at 225 Golden Gate ave. ,
GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 2833
Mission st. -■
Al ' PRENTICE . AT MME. A LISHAU'S
dressmaking parlors, 423 Geary st. -■:.<:■?
GI •- MA N GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
housework. 1935 Howard st.
W ANTED— GERMAN GIRL ACCUSTOMED
■ "to delicacy-store. - ; Call at 532 Hayes st,
GOOD - FINISHERS ON VESTS^IOS BAT-
tery st. 1
HELP WANTED-Contlnned.
MEAT, BRIGHT GIRL, NOT UNDER 10
-I-* years, can have a good home in a family of 2,
and attend school, in return lor light services. Ad-
dress C. . box 69, this office.
4,1 OPERATOR ON CUSTOM COATS
"4 Harriet st., near Howard. •
W" TED^DICESSJIAK ERS TO LEARN
TT how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system ; no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladies' Tailor, 310 Sutter st.. city.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG SOPRANO FOR THE
t t stage. Address S., box 20, this office.
W" A TED— A CONSECRATED CHRISTIAN
tt woman to take charge of a home for conva-
lescents (girls and women). Apply for particulars
a; the Bureau of the French Christian Union of
California, 1520 Clay st., from 1 to 2 p. m.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK; MUST UN-
tt derstand German and French cooking and
come well recommended : call In morning. 2100
Washington st.. cor. Octavia.
C-TkA MONTH GUARANTEED TO LADY
tip • xj with $1000 to invest, party investing to
have full control of cash. Address D., this office.
GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. SWI
cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.
IRL WELL RECOMMENDED FOR SECOND
work and waitress. Call for 2 days, 2114 Val-
lejo st., near Buchanan.
Vy ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY*: NEW
TT term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
LADIES TAUGHT HAIRDRESSING, M.'.Nl-
curing.etc; class forming. , 131 Post, room 20.
THE N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE" LEADS
low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
IRLS WANTED FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
haII. Call at 248 Fourth St., room 2, from 10
a. M. to 10 p. M. .:
WANTED — APPRENTICES DESIRING TO
TT become professional nurses and speaking or
understanding both French and English. For
further particulars apply at New French Hospital,
Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
\f ISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
-ITJL linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st,,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st,, near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry.
HAIRDRESSING, 25c AND 3&c: MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREbS-
cutt.ng school. 1231 Market St.. bet. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: froe bus 10 and from the ferry.
DtU-.'SSM A KING. CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up: pupils wanted. _^
MALE HELP WANTED.
TRISIT^nLKIiri^NEAircTTY, $20; I'.AItl'.KK
J- to take a country shop in hotel; waiter: 2 cooks:
2 chore boys. MURRAY &READY, 634-636 Clay.
WANTED — JOBBING " GARDENER, $1 35
»T clay and board; tie-makers; cabinet-makers for
country. $2 50 day; American, German or Scan-
dinavian miners, $2 50 to $2 75 dav; cooks, wait-
ers and others. Apply to J.F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
ANTED — GERMAN BED-MAKER, $20:
tt first-class bed-maker, $30; gardener, young
German. 820; cook, small restaurant, $12 a week,
etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
/".OMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED GLOVE
XJ salesman, with late city experience, for a first-
class position: also an Al dress-goods salesman,
competent to dress windows for a first-class house,
United States Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
1 RESTAURANT MAN TO MANAGE RES-
taurant in large establishment: German or
French preferred. Call Oberon, 36 O'Farrell St.,
2 to 4 P. m.
ALOON-KEEPER TO SOLICIT TRADE FOR
0 • new outside brewery: liberal terms to right
party. Apply bet. 1 and 2p. m., HERMAN, 637
Clay st.
G~ "OOD, STRONG BOY TO WORK IN GROCERY' ;
XT between 12 and 15 years: residing with
parents. Call this a. m., 7:30, 1725 Haight st.
DR ;i >. 1 lis SALESMAN; ONLY' ONE OF.
experience and ability need apply. Address
D. s.. box 37, Call.
(" I LOVE AND HOSIERY SALESMAN WITH
T a thorough knowledge of his business. Ad-
dress Glove, box 83, Call.
yOUNG MAN AS BOOKKEEPER AND
X cashier knowing how to use typewriter; must
give bonds. Address C. H., box 31, Call Office.
\yA _ NTEI^STR63^ _ YOUNG MAN TO CUT
tt ladies' an children's wear; must have experi-
ence. Address D. T., box 167.
WANTED— JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY TO DO
Tt kitchen work: evenings only; good home for
his services. Apply 606a Powell st.
G< OOD -PICTURE-CANVASSERS WANTED:
T good commissions. 765 Market, rm. 10, 9 10 3.
AN FOR A STEADY POSITION. ADDREsS
S., box 8, Call Office.
OY IN CIGAR FACTORY; $2 A WEEK.
410 Larkin st.
\\r ANTED-TIRST-CLASS TAM ALE-M AK
TT at 632 Hayes st.
ANT ED— TO UNO MAN TO WORK IN A
grocery-store. 435 Third st. '-..-.. v ;'-.'■;.
"I) ARBER WANTED. 527 SACRAMENTO ST.
MALL BOY ; STEADY PLACE; SMALL
wages. 444 Valencia st.
MA WITH $25 TO JOIN ME: GOOD PROP-
osiiion. A., box 131, ibis office.
"iy ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
tt their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
A GOOD-PAYING 2-CHAIR SHOP;
cheap. DECKEL-dAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
a Salesmen of ability* and
»T experience to sell our line of school furniture
and supplies: references required. THE WHIT-
AKEB A KAY CO., 723 Market s:., second floor.
Or ANTED MAN TO WORK FOB HIMSELF:
TT can clear $160 per month: must have $50
cash. Address CASH, box 31, Call Office.
"ty ANTED- FOR THE V. S. S. ADAMS,
TT (shortly to sail for Honolulu) ,about 60 men
comprising seamen, ordinary seamen, machinists,
(first-class), carpenters, mates, shipwrights and
blacksmith. Apply at 421 East st.
B~~ ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
01. 1) - ESTABLISHED 4 -CHAIR BARBER-
shop: best location in city. Apply Call OlliCi..
ARBER'SHOP: BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this office. ■
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
T77/Y MEN TO GET A SHAVE l'< IB sc; CLEAN
lUu towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14 1 /fj Montgomery ave.
" DISHES AND CUP COFFEE, WINE, BEER
x) or cider, sc. MRS. DALY'S. 619 Merchant st.
WANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
TT city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
AILORS— ADVERTISER WITH FlRST-
class business has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, 11. ting and the general routine of
merchant tailoring; small premium required;
good references given and required. Apply A.
GEE, Merchant Tailor, l'laccrville.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-Ft Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 1/2 O'Farrell st.
HE RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
"OOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
XX furnished rooms. 20c; $1 per week.
*VTEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-ii rooms from $1 to $4 week; large reading-room.
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13y Grant ave.; coffee a specialty.
ESTPLA'EIN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 l opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st. misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
XX 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c*
ANTED— LAEORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
"1 liCi MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
X \i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. .
EST IN CIT /—SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY': $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. , 36 Clay st.
ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S "y 2 -SO LING 50c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
LIN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
slngle furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
JIREE ■: BEER-TWO BCHOONERS FOR 6c;
xz also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
(\(\ MEN'S SECOND-HANDED SHOES.SOME
•jV/U nearly new. 26c to $1 , 25. 562 Mission st. -
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR^
ing shoes; call and see; half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you • wait; : all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED. _
SOMETHING. NEW FOR AGENTS: LADIES
or gentlemen can make from $3 to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 5 p. m., 1155 Howard st.
CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
wants good agents to work Its accident and
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
■ V. H ANNA Secretary, Murphy building. y'r-y.
FURNITURE WANTED ~
(IAsH PRICE PAID FOR FURNI PURE. JA-
J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
ROOMS WANTED.
"yOUNG COUPLE (n^^htldr¥n)~want
J- 2 or 3 sunny unfurnished rooms in immediate
vicinity of Polk and Geary sts. State rent, T. A.,
box 2, Call.
ANTED— BY' FEBRUARY 1. 2 OR 3 HOUSE-
Ix keeping rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Thirty-ninth Assembly District. Address 8.,
box 102, this office. ■ .■.■•■'-.-.-.
BOARDING WANTED.
SMALL FAMILY, 2 ; 7~\VANT
board and rooms in respectable Jewish family.
Address 8., box 74, this office.
ANTED BY LADY AND CHILD, BOABD
11 and room in strictly private Jewish or Ger-
man lamily; answer at once, stating terms and
particulars. B. It., box 57, Call Oflice.
MONE\ WANTED. "
'fIREASON ABLE iNT^EItEST^ON
ts>o\J\J\J unincumbered gilt-edged property:
worth over $20,000. Address Loan, box 90. Ca11.
"WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — A GOOD-TONED UPRIGHT
tt piano in exchange for large diamond ring. Ap-
dress A. K., box 77, Call Office.
GASOLINE ENGINE, 3 OR 4 HORSE POWER,
or small gasoline launch in running order. Ad-
dress J. FULTON, box 34, Napa.
TAT ANTED— USE OF UPRIGHT PIANO FOR
xx storage. Address W. 0., box 161, Call Office.
"Y\r ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
" repairing; best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St.. third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTH I 1 . AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
PIANOS. VIOLINS, ETC.
©CA ■• u Sight ; ALSOSQU a r e in
trpOx), good order. Storage-house, 211 Larkin st.
AP OR CASH; WILL SELL 1 LARGE UPRIGHT
-_ piano; price $90. Room 21, Fiood building.
"t* IM- (MICK I ) INC; BEAUTIFUL CASE;
T will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the
city; cash or installments. Room 10, Hood bldg.
Ij^LEG ANT STEIN* WAY OFFERED BY PATRY
j requiring cash at once; a flue Instrument.
Room 21, 809 Market St.
SECOND-HAND DECKER A SON PIANO;
great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st.
PIANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
1~ " I N TONE FISCHER UPRIGHT; GOOD AS
' new; $150. WM.G. BADGER, r. 1, 26 O'Farrell
o«'_>fY GREAT BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
tpt)\l, piano, .*.*> installment. 221 Leavenworth.
HAINES PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 824 Post St.
OONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
XJ great sacrilice. The F. Vv*. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
(ftlin BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
♦4D-L-1-L'. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ A CO..
16 McAllister St.
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
i-> bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS^ " - " :
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. '/SB Market m.
C HICKEKING,KNABE,STECK.VOSE,STER-
Iing pianos: see our n>.w piano forslB7; pianos
for rent. BENJ. CUR & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
G. BEAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
VX Piano House, 216 Post St.
\y M.G. BADGES REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
tt rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
ind organs sold for cash or installments.
A"" OUR NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selliii"; pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it- please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
-2jl T'K CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
V J 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWA Y.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER A
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS ;;LOW PRICES. KOHLER A
1 CHASE.
B'l BO X MAUZY, 308 POST SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPEBIOB VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
H. Ml LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTKINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
8-3 $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A7LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
XI grade l'. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDEBS, 82
■ Ninth st. - ■-;--.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. ~ "
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st., Spreckels building.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY' CALL, sent to anv address In the
United States Or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ace free. -
CLAIRVOYANTS.
LTnTvoTTTc'TTEx'i^
V Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
occult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason:
hours 9 to 8: sittings 50c; satisfaction guaranteed.
B _ EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LEON,
palmist clairvoyant: tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. 533 Post, 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
BEST CLAIRVOY'ANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents 25c. 206 Fourth st.
MAD A PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past, present and future; ladles 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $150. 126
Turk st., near Jones. .. •;■;- --
ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL^
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consult on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted: names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 9... Post st., nr. Larkin.
A UGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
-"»- magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
■ "\ I" ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
Xxx past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard St.
VI ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
HI great clairvo>ant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms in san Frarcisco; ladles and gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
0 the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 860C0 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK ; MRS. MAYO STEERS
_______ only; readings daily. 01 Grove st. '
O-NIGHT— KATIE HUES^MANN'S TEST
meeting, 793 Stevenson. off 9th, 10c; sittings, $1.
AD DIE SWAIN IS LOCATED AT 227 GEARY
St.: test circle to-night at 1018 Mission, 25c.
GYPSY M— SITTINGS, 50c: SUNDAYS
included ; handsome charms free. 946 Mission.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
VfRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
xxx trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
LOST. ~
T/^iS S O - - T;ra MEB,ICAI_iS,
"* *" bead - *»-«•"» *-
TOST -WATER SPANIEL; REDDISH
AX brown curly hair: reward. 1909 Buchanans?.
K i . A^' K , AXI> WHITE GREYHOUND DOG.
-IJ Liberal reward at 1108 Howard st.
$ 1 0 KEWARD-LOST, ON 11TH, PUG DOG-
«4D LV face. Return 1818% Geary st.
L°n S ALL COMFORT PLEASURE BY
geulnK n>y shoes made w order bl
GEORGE ANT, 204 Turk st, near Jones. *
VI ON EY, BY NOT - HAVING MY HOUSE
-i'x papered and painted hy the Co-operative Paper-
hanging company. 635 McAllister at.
" ~~
FIN AN CI AL.
T OANS ON IST AN D 2D MOBTGAGESAND
h«r,i.ll S5S??*? 01 ' - '!?*: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
ANY SUM .. OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
~7_. yOl ., urnltur e, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate, call and state your proposition or write; opea
evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission st.
BICYCLES.
WINDSOR BICYCLEsT^TRICTLY HIGH
xx grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT A CO., 324 Pp3t St., S. F.
"pARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
J- best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alllster aud Powell st. car lines.
PHYSICIANS.
DB. A .dTIucTsTpH^Y^K^N^SURGEOnTrOY^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus bldg, o6l Markt
D EMOVIIiD— DR. c. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
1 X Market st. : diseases of women a specialty.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED!
, rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
JTgTllisT^^d'address to m. 8., BOX
A. . 67. Ca1l Office.
Y~WIFE, IJOVISA MOELLEK. HAVING
left my bed and board, I will not be responsi-
ble for debts or bills contracted by her  r e
a ter _ HENRi MOELLEJrt.
mENANTsEJECTED;SyiTSSUPERIORAND
X Justices' courts: collections, etc. A. HOOGS,
room 317, 328 Montgomery st.
in AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOB SALE;
J X also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest ra' _s.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
AN TED-TO MAKE THE ACQUAINT-
TT ance of woma_T"owning her own home In
country; children no objection; object matrimony;
Industrious, reliable German; age 40. Address K.
G., box 31, call office^
CAPITALIST, SINGLE, AGED 30. IS ANX-
\J ions to marry a woman who deems herself capa-
ble of being at the head of a large establishment
and presiding at high social function*: need not be
very young if she is very bright and lovable. Ad-
dress REG I AL D V., box 57. Call Ofllc J.
ri.HE WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, LATE OF
I New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases; inflammation,
ulceration and prolapsus successfully treated: in-
fallible remedies for Irregularities: testimonials in
office; consultation free. Office, 25 Murphy bldg.
DEAFNESS— A~URAPII"ONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed free. F. F. FIN LAY, 1 0 California St., S. F.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY
1 for a switch will go to G. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton St., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 75c; hairdressing, 25c. -
"<J[» 1 A BOOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«Jpl floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty: suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
at CRAMER'S California Gallery. 402 Kearny
St., NE. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen. r ; -„ -
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks.... $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges 83 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NooNaN.
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelving!., mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON A.N, 1017. 1019
1021, 1023 Mission St., above ■'lxth.
BS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE, PER-
X fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hubbard's 923, Hauptli's. 1156 Market.
TH)R FINE POULTRY* AND GAME GO TO A.
J BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
I*<LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
X Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferrv.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter St., between Stockton st. and Gran, ave..
a here the best of coal can be bad at lowest prices.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW*
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market, st.
1 f\l\f\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 50: TELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H1LL.724y 2 Market.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
/ \LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
X I clothing bought. coy. MAN. 41 Third st.
DRESSMAKERS.
radl^y7~3iTlJeary^legan ; < st^
ish suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
BESSES FROM IP; WRAPPERS, 35c UP.
605% oma st., near Sixth.
SUITS $3; SKIRTS 75C; SILK WAISTS, LAT-
est style, $1 50; fit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson.
DEBASES CUT AND FITTED, $3: UREASES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary sr.
kill CAT lON AL
JOSE PiTTjREVKnT^VTJH^E^I MPBOVEB_~Sa
Ninth st.
Mlt S. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 520 Sutter st. ; t- acner of vocal music (latest-
Italian methods'), piano and elocution: ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other nlays; appearances arranged.
Ci ENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
I tion will give private lessons in English
branches, booKkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office.
THE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
I?MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
x limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
Q PANISH AND FRENCH AC.VDEM , ; CAS-
O ilia a and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; alsopaintingacademy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room 37.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
J. Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market,
sjpanTsh.eren'ch.etc. pTFop.dkfilTfpe-.-.
O Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.— Board. English. French, pi no, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure: term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, civiL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
STUDENTS PREPARED FORTHE
sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Pheian building.
OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AVE.,
Berkeley, Cai. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
t taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary -.reasonable
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
TV* SCHOOL;UEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE;24
XX Post commercial, shorthand. English ; low ra'ei'
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10451/. Valencia.'
HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
) ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236
Market : send for cat,: day and evening session.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
_ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
MEDICAL. :
MME. DE GIERS' MAGIC WONDER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring Ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, tNSTBU
menis or worthless pills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always In one day;
if you want, to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES - INSTANT BE
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) bv the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladles will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others:
patients who have been Imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home in confinement: treatmenc
warranted: advice free: Pink Pills, $3. DR. and
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister St.. near Jones.
LAJIIES- CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
J-l ny royal Pills (Diamond. Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mall; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa. — ______________
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Jones. Diseases of women and children.
Al I. lEM ALE IRREGULARITIES RE -
stored iu a few hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
RS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
IM. the womb a specia ty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees: regulator. $2.
1370 Market. «.«««.-" ' v
T A mE S.,7 DAUDET'S FEMALE BEG U LA
Ax ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail-
sl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St..
formerly cor. Market and Third sis., sole agents.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dl>
XL eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar.
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A HOME, A FRIEND AND M " '' " K I'* CARE.
MR-. DR. FUNK'S. 1.; 16 Eighth St.. Alameda.
RS. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
.1 1 confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LI'EAU'S FRENCH FILLS. A BOON TO
-t\. ladies troubled with irregularities: no dinger;
safe and sure: $_. 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
"IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASS
A see Mrs. Dr. Puetz and be content. 254Vi *U>...__ ";' : BTJSTXKSS CKANCEs.
"V"OTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-- 1 promptly for cash. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny.
.QT'SO BAKER ACROSS THE BAyTbaK-
%} • OXJ. Ing 6 barrels per day; 2 double wagons:
* horses; bes; class of custom; rent $20; proprietor
' , °* *- of property, and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of protits of busl-
ness; clearing $175 month. lIE.U Y. 23 Kearny.
«<■>""* COR. SALOON; NEAR TERMINUS
«Up«J I O. of railroad; handsomely fitted up: doing
good business; call to-day. HEALY. 23 Kearny st.
<2»9f_*AA RESTAURANT AT POTRERO
X* j-xjxjyj . do ng a business of $50 per day; 4
rooms: building Included in sale; so such bargain
ever offered for sale; best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY' A CO, 23 Kearny st.
• AAA ROUTE FOR SALE CLEARING $75
"&-trc.V-f. a month; horse and light wagon; trial
given. Apply HEALY A CO .83 Kearny st.
ID* OCA SALOON: BEST BUSINESS LOOA-
t^iOOXJ. tion: handsomely fitted up: 2 furnished
living-rooms; rent $30; well stocked; is worth
$600; owner leaving for Europe. KENNY .* M c -
LEAN. 777 Market 5.., room 7.
jg>*>rU"| GROCERY AND BAB; FINE COB-
KTiOOXJ. ner; established 25 years; sure busi-
ness; good horse and wagon: a great bargain;
owner going to Europe. Apply KENNY A Mc-
LEAN, 777 Market st.. room 7.
S len PARTNER WANTED IN CAS
<D~xOXI. business on Market st,; established 25
yeais; large custom: la clearing $150 per month
each: one of owners is compelled to leave the city-
no previous experience necessary, but must be of
sober habits: no night or Sunday work; a trial be-
fore buying. Apply KENNY A McLEAN. 777
Marl. st,
CIORNfcR GROCERY AND BAR WITH LIV-
V^ ing rooms: rent $25: price $1000; in Western
Addition: kept by owner 10 years; wants to re-
tire. Particulars 633 California st., Phoenix Bar.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED" WITH OT_E
1 1 ers and want 10 buy or sell your business trlve
us a trial. JOHN KKIuY A Co., I3y a sixth si.
FOB SALE -HOUSE, 25x100, WITH ' res
laurant and bar; 4 furnished rooms; doing a
bns , <s of $45 daily among factories; no better
location: ground rent $20, with lease: owner coin"
to_Europe. HEIDV & CO., 13y 3 Sixth st. S "
L AI: ' BEER HALL AND LODGINO-
Ax bouse: good business. HEIDY ><; CO., 13v_. 6th.
"LMNK SALOON DOING -tIOOD BUSINESS IN
i7,_.f?*. ne J t - on with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location; must unsold-
owner going Kast. RE DY A CO., 13 Sixth
TT ' INTER -; IN A FIRST-CLASS
xx loon; doing good business: splendid location:
sk-Uness cause of sale^^EimVjfcco.. 13% Sixth.
s^fiso ' M ', 1 ' t ESTABLISHED saloon on
; «Yn,.R a *' fornu * st - : value °' fixtures and
?"Pi« ' *]- 00 '< must be sold to^iay. particulars 533
California st., crux Bar. WILKE.
.**<*.. M) great BARGAIN in corner
'- ', '• . Brocer>* and bar; Western Addition;
Jim value In stock and fixtures: in place 12 years;
0 , 1 *? *™,~ , *B«MI! No. 1 location: good ousiness.
Barrett A- SKIFF, 865 Mrrket.
"•s'yOO flr st-class home bakery
'-• ,jy '/'' w , tn all counter trade of $16toS'-'oa
t-ay: No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished; trial
given. BAR .. ETT A SKIFF, 86516 Market st.
Sr»fiO OYBTJ B AND CHOP HOI BE; CEN-
'•t-ral; low rent: clears $100 montn;
bargain. BARRET SKIFF, 8051'; Market st._
&400 COFFEE AND OYSTER HOI vT*
'. 1 ." 1 -^ sixth and Market; low rent.
BARRETT A SKIFF. 865i/^Market st.
,<•'*'"", BRANCH B KERY.'DELICATESEN
P-' "• store: Western Addition: li\ing-rooiiis;
RERG A CO., ot'2 Market st.
&1 000 B-A-KERY-rNORTH OF MARKET,
xJX-xjxjxj. baking 2% barrels daily; - horses,
wagons; weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
S_R»*#j_?X« t *S?_l pooprosition; bargain. STEN-
Bl.Lo A CO, 632 Market st.
>? fi ( FARTNER WANTED WHOLE-ALU
yP.y/ , an .-* retail Produce and commission
business In busiest country, town in California:
Pi 1 -viiV-'i r . • 41' i'" "'""'^' for some active man.
SI EN BERG A CO., 63'.. Market St.
> -s-,(|~ L ***. UO l t . «'ORE; FULL VALUE
t^xjQXJ. stock. gTENBERGj CO.. 632 Market.
<•>•>- PARTNER, RESTAURANT: TEND
SI —o. ' ash counter: owner thorough business
l -rV ->Wt. r »P relerred to hired help, STEN-
LERu CO., 632 Market st.
5 '^00 BESTAURANT, BLOCK FROM ' '■ v
•- "X'X.'. Hall : receipts average ."JO: Owner 4
vears: leaving the city. STENBERG 4 CO., 632
Market st., opp. Palace.
O97 X SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NIC* VI
SSrLl.rJ;"?*-? up: this place is very inviting
ft-S4?»SS? iOT 7 Persons; expenses light; bar^aiu.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
"OAKERY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
Allocation; finest fltted-up place In city; has verv
large counierand outside trade; positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satist-.e : : owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
riflce. BTENBEB ACO , 632 Market st.
ft'-^^O PARTNER IN SIGNOBUSINESS
_jr« '• and while-enamel letter agei -.7 to
$20 a week: trial. JOHNSTON, 261/i Kearny.
QJQOR A SNAP, CORNER Till!::. STREET;
•-. xJ —U. saloon, near Market: big stock; good
fixtures;cnesp at "6850. JOHNSTON, 26' ■- Kearny. .
**(-.<!.) BESTaCRANT; A BIG BARGAIN;
'iTXJXjxj. one block north of Market; receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26y 3 Kearny s! .
FINE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY". NEAR
Market st. JOHNSTON, 26V3 Kearny st.
C->7" GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
qpA. 10. flee. JOHNSTON, '2t_l a Kearny st.
QSOO BABE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
OUC.V". dairy business; old established: good
trade: profits $125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 261', Kecruy st.
<•;",() SALOON IN BUSINESS CENTER;
•1 xJtJXt. established years: Urge: patronage: rent
535: lease 4 years, call 533 c.ii. st., Phoenix Bar.
CORNER GROCERY AND SALOON; GOOD
location: low rent and lease. Inquire on prem-
ises, cor. Broadway and Powell, or room 43, 120
Sutter st.
A" MINT-HALF IN REST IN WELL-F.S-
-£V. tablished lunch counter for sale cheap. Ad-
dress T„ box 52, this office.
PAKTXKr.WAXI ED WITH $8.10 TO $1000:
solia business; pays $5000 to $8001) sure per an-
num; bank references. Address P.. box 7, Call.
PEK. WITH $160, IX PAYING OFFICE
business; no experience necessary, a. J., box
20, Call (.flice.
F- —RESTAURANT: GOOD LOCA-
X Hon; chenpforcash. Apply to A. J. MEADOWS,
room 4. 124 Sansome st.
TJAKERY, HORSE, WAGON: GOOD Blsl-
XX ness chance cheap. Bakery, Call Oilice, Oak-
land. '
*PHE TRANSFER SALOON FOR SALE; REA-
X sonable. Apply 795 Mission. ;*;. -.
"l\- IDOW OF MEANS DESII .-.- i , ENTLEMAN
27_ partner in good paying business. 2021 L . Turk.
Gt Nil" SALOON i :. -au, : ni.w
VT stock: good reason for selling. Apply 223 15th.
pETIRING FROM BUSINESS; SALOONFOR
J-l sale. For particulars apply 10 M. RYAN, 5314
Park ave., opposite City Hall.
STARLISHED BUSINESS; DI LlCA-
cies, unale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
ab!e; account of poor health. 513 Jones st.
< I ~(1 BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR
VpAOXJi ie; cheap rent. GEO. c. YOUNG,
Cet alums.
S"~MALL VARIETY-STORE FOR SALE; KEA-
sonable. 3110 sixteenth St., above Valencia.
UST SELL ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
branch bakery and notion-store. 1210 Steiner.
FOR SALE CHEAP; SALOON* IN Al LOCA~-
tlon; owning party going out of business. Ad-
dress P. G., box 19, Call oflice.
BUTCH ERS. ATTENTION- SMALL CAPITAL
will buy shop, 2 horses, wagons, route, etc.-
must sell; make an offer. 1018 Alabama.
SI Xj) CORNER CIGAR-STORE; FINE FlX-
t£)Xol'. lures and stock; no night or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN. 228 Pacific.
<5j99- GROCERY. NOTION, CIGAR AND
•- —— O. tobacco business; a bargain foronewho
has the coin: no agents. 823 Howard st.
KBST AUBANT. MARKET ST., CHEAP: GOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY <fc LYNCH, 935
Market st.
BARGAIN — CIGAR-STAND; GOOD LOCA-
tlori: must be sold this week. Inquireat Cos-
mopolitan Hotel, cor. Fifth and Mission.
SA LOON FOR SALE; GOOD CHANCE; 772
Harrison. See owner, 427 Fecrth st.
H STORE FOB SALE, *400; CENTRAL
location ; rent $25. Apply Call Office.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE STORE FOR
sale, $2000; or, half Interest; full investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1, Brentwood, Cal.; re-
liable single man preferred.
BAKERY, NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
Al* ELL-FURNISHED SALOON, DOING GOOD
"' business: $450. 7 Stevenson st.
SALOON FOR SALE — GREAT BARGAIN;
low rent. 734 Fourth st.
BRANCH BAKERY', COFFEE OK LUNCH
place; good location; cheap rent; on account of
leaving city, must be sold for your own offering.
Apply Call Office.
OALOON FOR SALE IN COUNTRY; DESIR-
O able location; splendid opportunity for Oer-
man ; $250. Apply Call Office.
ffiOC^A SALOON; OLD ESTABLISHED COR-
tjoOXJ. ner. newly fitted up. Apply SW. cor.
Eighth and Howard sts.
COAX V A J'.D~FOR SALE OR WILL TAKE A
partner. Inquire 1783 Mission st.
87?. A BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING '
•. t'l't, 4 beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 500 pounds i
veal a week; rent $14: 1 living-rooms. Inquireat (
452 Tehama st., bet. Fifth and Sixth. ' 1
pOAL AND FEED BUSINESS IN OAKLAND, ;
XJ clearing from $5 to $8 per day. J. H. EDSON, '
-" Ban Pablo ave.. Oakland. ■
l-' ou KALE-MY HALF-INTEREST IN sl> I
'-*ns ur * nt; cheap; other business cause. Apply 1
sixth st. «
T , ?« 1 i f * T " ri - ASS SALOON FOR SALE; LOCA-
■x- tion; tradejjease. Add. C. IL. box 119, Call.
"B I ,AR A 3 FOOL TABLE; A BARGAIN.
SCHUUIc aVC * -*-*• *"*-- Bruno , road - H ' !
A j IDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A PARTNER J
XIX in saloon: $100. Inquire at Call Office, j
"DARGAIN - «S TiRINtt FROM BUSINESS; ]
i%., ™" . hole * : 51° y« ar »: 60 rooms; bar; restau- <
rant, most centrally located. Apply 607 Fine st.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Contlnued.
"^9OO t' »T BUSINESS; SAME HANDS
2)£ sxxjxj. .'years: clearing $20 week; suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
400 PABTNEB WANTED; INDOOR
i ij.\j\j. business: run bv present owner 14
> ears; suited *° plain steady. man satisfied with
575 to $100 a month; trial given. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2. .
P»K. E iJ 'KOUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
■x. Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply ibis office, principals Only.
OAKERY' AND NOTIONS; (HEAP: RENT
xx $8: no agents. Inquire this office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
S^9^o LODGING-HOUSE OF 16 ROOMS;
'H- "- well furnished; central location: low
rent. Apply to KENNY A McLEAN, 777 Market.
Q_j;\A CORNER LODGING-HOUSE OF 12'
WTaOKJ, rooms '.well furnished: full all the time;
owner leaving the city: clears '$40 per month.
Apply to KENNY & McLEAN, 777 Market St.
-s; ((fid ** ROOMS, ALL FRONT; FINE
13.UUV. furniture: north of Market; part cash;
sacrilice. JOHNSTON, 26"/ 2 Kearny st.
Q9OH 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'I ION:
—XJxJ. 18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st •• £->0
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell 700
10-room house; very centra] 150
H. C. DECKER,"I2O6 Market st.. cor Taylor.
QfiftA/mTO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
C-OvJ-UUI. DECKER, 1*206 Market st.
*1 OAA 40-ROOM HOUSE, NEAR THE
CIZUU. Baldwin. DECKER, 1206 Market.
(»n ROOMS: FINE CORNER: WORTH $5000:
OU $2000 will buy l:. Bee DECKER. 1206 Market.
C'TAA 44 ROOMS: CLEARS OVER $100
«|J. I XJXJ. per month; trial given. 11 Second st.
<-_•"_ OR ii;, „ IXC -HOUSE: 20 ROOMS. CALL
0 1 —0.48 Seventh St.. stairs.
~~~ FURNITURE FOB SAL 111.
-SITE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY I———— .
■M Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets a: tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) ....; 76c i
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SUIKEK A BHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, .19 and up: step-lad»
ders. 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
"P EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, NEW AND'
Xli second-hand: 400 carpeu, good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles,' 250:
ranjes. $8: cash or installments: goods shipped
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
"jnbß BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR- I
C tides of every description D. McRAE, 829
Mission st. ..-* ■■-.>■-
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED ANO RENOVATED
1 like new. _ FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <t CO., successors.
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
t) . 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY STEAM CAKPKTCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVEN'S, mgr. Tel. south 250.
J McQueen 'B CARPET BEATING AND ben-
-0 . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
\TATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
XX vating Works HAMFfON&BAILLY: laying
mid slterina. 313-316 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
A I * 1 ; N YOU BECOME DISGUST ' WITH
xx poor work send 10 SPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 335
V.' (.old mi liat'.t ave.: telephone east: 126.
HORSES. F
VOR . I ! ( 1 1 . s E . HuFcHeIvS~CART\
J business buggy, ousiness cart. 1620 Mission st.
OFFER WANTED ON HORSE AND BUGGY.
Apply '02 Devisadero St., city.
] lil) HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
I XJXJ driving horses: just from the country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up;
fast trotters; pacers. 0. LINDAUER, 862 Howard.
T^OR SALE OB EXCHANGE— A FINE ROAD-
J ster: will drive double or single: can be seen at.
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
504 Sutter st.
I Z A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
-1 OXJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission
HSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send lor -circular. Tha Hj'de
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. C. H. WEST VETERINARY SUR-
teon for S. F. Police Department. , Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave. : telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON*
7XXJ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every We^ne*-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALU
1"" kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
WAGON* A->C> CAKKIAGES.
FOR GOOD PEDDLING OK
delivery horse. IS3O Sanchez st.
BARGAIN IN HORSES, WAGONS, HARNESS,
carts; 2 machine saws for carpenter, and build-
ing tools. . li., box 37. «.'al. Office.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
HOOD TOP ABY CARIUAGeT~PE 5 FECT
order; $9. 33 Lily ave.
L'OK SALE-MINE ON THE MOTHER LODE
x In El Dorado County :favorably located and close
to railway; title. U. S. Patent: considerable di vel-
spruent: large vein; owner lacks capital; will sell
part or wi oie; open for Inspection. For particu-
ars address A. E. HAMILTON, P. O. box 66,
Placerville, Cal.
range with kitchen utensils
at 612 Sacramento st.
I>ELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
XJ small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
OR SALE-VERY CHEAP. FIVE SECOND-
hand French ranees and 100 cook stoves: all
sizes. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS., 306 Sutter.
XA A SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
OXJXJ and prices from 25c per yard up. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
"VTEW '95 HIGH-GRADE, 21 ' POUND, 105
-Lv bicycle, $40. J. 8., box 58, Call Office.
BUY YOU II BABY "CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and sa\e middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission. j
GOLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
Browning A Bremer, gun store, 820 Kearny st.
BABY CARRIAGES AND TAX"" FU K.M-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., near
Stockton. A.
BABOO 1 1 UI S. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
CURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
-T press, platform scales and desk, -cheap. 102 Clay
ONARCH CARD _ slot MACHINES FOR
saleorgiven away. KAHN «fc CO., 220 Cal. st.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
-L> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
CI 5U N fFisi SHELVING, SHOWCASES
Vs' bought and sold 1121% Market bet. 7th audB.ii
A WEEK'S NEWS - FOP. 5 CENTS — THE
-.x. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for maiiinit.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES-
H^^AirFRANnSCcTATCD^A^JfoAQuTN
Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
'-There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4,
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895. the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows:
No. No.
• Cer. Sh'rs. Ami.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian. Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van Sickleu, Christian de
Gnigne, trustees... 165 1 $10
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer, ..
James D. Pheian, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. XV.
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees.... 445 1 10
A. I'.. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer,
James D, Pheian, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van Sickles, Christian do
Guigne, trustees 479 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, -':.-;
James D. Pheian. Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 606 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer. _.....'_
James D. Pheian, Lovell . ,
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W. "';"'• A
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 586 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian, Lovell
White,- O D. Buldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. VV. .
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 508 1 10
And in accoidancs with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of each parcel of such-
Stock as may he necessary will be. sold at public
auction at the office of said company,' No. 821
Market St., in the City and County of San Fran-
ci co, Stale of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock A. m.
of said day to pay .said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. " -..-?
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
. Office, No. 321 Market st., san Francisco. . '
POSTPONEMENT.
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made ah •'! entered upon the records
thereof upon Oic2l.it day of January, 1896, the
dote of the delinquency of said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896. and
the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 10th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day.
. ALEXANDER MACKIJS, Secretary.
"" • . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
T7^7^~*Xi_iFOßNiA~— liorsE . if sunny
JL OZiA rms. bath : newly painted, decorated; yard
HOUSE 7 NICE SUNNY' ROOMS AND BATH;
yard. '-'24 O'Farrell St.; rent $35.
mi i RY— BOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
&AA bath: rent reasonable; key at 217 v 2 . ypp
(|9Q PLA - WATER FREE; MODERN
Ai V .ttxJ . house: . 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv- i
ant's room, laundry; , planked basement. 1505
Jackson st. ; key at corner house. - ;.
9 1 9 FERRY ST.— HOUSE OF 4; ROOMS AND
.SuX^j basement; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. g -■> -,
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN A HAM
MQND 10 Montgomery st.
; FUKNIBIIEP HOUSES. - "
Elegant" flat " and 7 very
finest in the city) of 6 very large, sunny rooms,
bath . pantry,- closets, etc. suitable for residence
or business, or living apartraentsand business com-
bined; facing south, overlooking Union Park; car-
pets and part of furniture for sale: $250 to $400;
win transfer long lease to purchaser. N. D.
SICKE LB, 318 Post st.
991 -\ WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
JJUA.AO china; piano; bath: $45. _____
HANDSOME, SUNNY, NICELY FURNISHED
house: very reasonable to small family. Ap-
ply WILL E. FISHER A- CO , 14 Po.t street.
COTTAGES TO LET. ;
SUNNY HAY - WINDOW COTTAGE OF- 5
rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores sts. ■._>'.
fi-1 "1 KA~SMALL COTTAGE. 3 TAY ST.,
*jpL-I .Ox J . near cor. Clay and Powell. ■■■■-.;■--■■
ffl«Q T. A CHEAP COTT AG E. 11 RUSSELL
ttptj .OXJ . st., near corner Hyde and Union.
FLATS TO LET.
DO en aNT MODES » FLAT OF^i
tipOA-.OxJ . rooms, bath. 2112 Devisadero st.,
near Sacramento.
i "\riCK FLAT 3 ROOMS. 352 MCALLISTER
-li street.
T~OWER PART OF HOUSE; 908*/ 3 POST ST.;
XX rent cheap.
EHIEOANT~FI.aT, 6 ROOMS; - BATH AND
large cellar. 713 Grove st. ...
SUNNY' CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH;
basement. 333 Halght. corner Webster.
97 FLA SUNNY BAY'- WINDOW FLAT.
t®Ai 1 .OxJ. 1804 Washington St., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom.
I*l. KO ANT SUNNY FLATS, 3 ROOMS. 202
-L_l Grove st., corner Van Ness.
SUNNY' UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH;
k5 latest improvements; cor. Oak aud Scott sts.
SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $13. NE.
0 confer Polk aud Jackson sts-
41* 1 9 FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
tip 1.6. 444 Clementina St., near Sixth.
FLAT; 6 BOOMS; BATH ; $22. 119 WILLIAMS
st., near Post.
*VEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
-s.> rooms; $18; bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth. ■
©IO LOWER FINE SUNNY FLAT. 3 JANE
«IP XAi. pi., off Pine si., nr. Mason; healthiest part
of town - r'-s.i-U".
"L*OR SALE-LOVELY FURNISHED HOME ; 6-
x: roomed flat for young couple. 614a Turk st.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: ii ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
(\ SUNNY ROOMS - AND BATH, $20; ALSO
U cottage, 6 rooms, $16. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
MODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; Low RENT; 7
rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
SUNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; also
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 and $16. 1706 Po3t st.
AVE CAR FAKE- BEST FLATS IN THE
city: 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
I^OUR ROOMS AND BATH. 304 LILY AVE.;
. rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness ave.
\~\.\:\ FINE FLAT; - ROOMS; LARGE
\ yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
9*l ,|1 FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
— 1 • 2 Hat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN A
CO.. 14 Montgomery st. -
(JTjI Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
»ii5J-0. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
YjPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
XJ handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 10 $16.
AVED-DOLLAKS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a fiat from BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND 111 Montgomery st. -
HOUSEKEEPING KOOllB.
Broadway.
AAO B ROAD WAY— NICELY FURNISHED
AXJO housekpg rooms; also single: well cleaned.
Bush Street.
7/191 BUSH— I OR '£ SUNNY BOOMS AND
' xJAWi kitchen for housekeeping.
California Street.
m CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS, 94
KA J. up; also housekeeping rooms. *-* ; "- :
Eddy Street.
"I 9Aa EDDY-NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
A—iXJ keeping rooms.
01 EDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS; COM-
AjX.O plete tor housekeeping: private place; $14.
9*l Q EDDY-SMALL FURNISHED SUNNY
gXO room, $5 a month.
Ellis Street.
7"! Q ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED PAR-
I JO lors; provided with gas range; light house-
keeping.
7 OX ELLIS— PLEASANT, DESIRALESUITE;
I OO also large alcove room; private family.
olsoiu Street.
Q7O FOLSOM. NEAR FIFTH-NICE SUNNY
CJ I *_> housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Fourth street.
OA7 FOURTH — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
-01 J I nished room for housekeeping; rent $2.
Geary Street.
"I Q"| 7 GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
AOA I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds : all necessaries; $24.
Grant Avenue.
"17 GRANT AVE— CHANGED HANDS;
A I newly furnished rooms, single or en suite :
transient. ',-*-•••.!
Harrison Street.
70-I HARRISON - SUNNY FURNISHED
1 «J L nousekeepinc rooms, store, hot and cold
running water, porch, bath; private; $8.
• , ■'; > . Hayes • Street. "
i1 41 Q-L nAY - 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
iliU ! housekeeping rooms: use of kitchen and
j hot and cold water.
Hawthorne Street.
99 HAWTHORNE (RINCON HILL)-SUNNY
jujJ-i single and double rooms for gentlemen in
Protestant family.
Howard Street.
Qf»C HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS-
xJXJxf parlor floor. ,
Ta 4-9 HOWARD-2 FURNISHED HOUSE'
J- - 1 - l-i.' keeping rooms; water, range, bath: rent
$10.. .. \ .;-.
Hyde Street. ~~
QAQIHYDE -SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
LJ xju rooms, en suite or single; terms moderate.
Minna street.
AJP.A MINNA-2 OR '3 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
'XO^x. housekeeping; separate entrance.
-Mission Street.
i QOQ MISSION— I LARGE FRONT ROOM, $8-
OOP also suite, $12: single room, $1.
qOEIMIfiSiON- COMPLETELY FURN-
OajO'Z ished sunny housekeeping rooms; exclu-
sive; bath and porch. ,  . „__.„_
1 094 ; MISSION-FRONT BUNNY BAY-WIN-
AxJ4.~X dow room; other housekpg rooms; cheap.
Natoma Street.
Kf^7 NATOMA-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
OXJ I plete .for housekeeping; 2 forslo, single $8.
Ninth Street.
OAO NINTH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OXJO room, housekeeping; bath.
O'Farrell Street.
O'FARRKLL-3 SUNNY FURNISHED
'XAjO rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.- •
Ferry Street.'
9(_»0 PERRY (REAR.-V UNFURNISHED
--co all light line sunny rooms; new house-
cheap. ' /
7''77p7:.77- Folk Street.
IQI 7 POLK- 3 NICELY FURNISHED
AOA I rooms; single or for housekeeping.
Second Street.
m SECOND-NEWLY PAPERED UNFUR-
AAO nished housekeeping rooms cheap. .
Sixth Street. ~ ~
I 90 SIXTH-2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
L-— v/ for housekeeping; cheap.
19J SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
A-u I cozy housekeeping rooms and single. .
Stockton Street.
7AO STOCKTON-NICELY FURNISHED
J xJO Bunny single rooms, $6 upward. ■
' HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
J ... .-.-, — . Third Street.
7 C*l A THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK— FUR-
Ox. o nished rooms, for housekeeping; range;
running .water. * .-■ ' :-.- . : .-\. .- ">- -
i wenty-Second Street.
QtA 5 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
, tSSX.O. bath; water free. 626 22d,cor. Capp. .
z Van Ness Avenue.
Q9A VAN NESS AVE. — NICELY ; FUR-
OajXJ nished gunny front room for housekeeping.
Washington street.
1 QQA WASHINGTON. NEAR JONES-MA-
'J.OOxJ rine view ; 3 newly furnished hous keep-
Ing rooms, detached; gas range, etc.; desirable.
Welsh Street.
AAA WELSH.OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY FUR-
I_Tr nished rooms, housekeeping; yard: cheap.
ROOMS TO LEX. ~
Bush Street,
QQA BUSH-SUNNY* FURNISHED ROOMS;
oOXJ suites and single: also light housekeeping.
'..; V- > California Street.
9-QI CALIFORNIA ST. — 3 ELEGANTLY
A.OOI. furnished rooms and bath; cheap.
Eddy Street.
"I "1 Q EDDY-SUNNY' ROOMS; NEW FURNI
110 ture; clean beds; $5 up; also light house-
keeping. ■: - -; . .-. ;■
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, '. 28 BTH
st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
COO ELLIS-DESIRABLE SUNNY UNFUR-
OuuO nished parlor floor, suitable for doctor or
dentist, or light housekeeping. *
Fillmore Street.
900 FILLMORE, NEAR HAIGHT-NICELY
AjXJo furnished room and bath, for gentleman
or lady, with private family.
Folsoui Street.
69 A FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— SUNN Y FUR-
(JAiXj nished rooms, $1 per week.
Geary Street.
CI Q GEARY-NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
uIO able for doctor's offices: single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store.
f y-y ■'. Golden Gate Avenue.
/_»9/( GOLDEN GATE AVE.-NICELY FUR-
xJAiA nished sunny front suite; use of kitchen.
. Upward Street. ;,.'-- ,p
70 J. HOWARD — FINELY FURNISHED
' XJA front rooms, en suite or single; also house-
keeping. - . ■
"I ," 91 c HOWARD-LARGE, NICELY FUR-
XU-jX nished sunny room; rent reasonable.
Jessie Street.
4Q' JESSIE, NEAR MINT — PRIVATE
AOO family; 2 neat single rooms: rent $5 and $6
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
AjXJ K management; elegant sunny suites . and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to s:-.0.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
In every respect : terms reasonable.
• •- - ■ Larkin Street.
QA Q LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OJ. suite of parlors; private family; running
water; gas.
"1 A"! A LARKIN, COR. SUTTER — NEWLY'
AXJAO furnished suites; single: housekeeping.
Market Street.
7/?' MARKET ST.-FURNISHED SUNNY
I XJO suites, offices, single rooms, $6 to $10 per
month; transient.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
ill suites anil single: housekpg; also offices.
"yoSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5: families
Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET— 3 VERY ELE-
gauily furnished parlors; very cheap.
McAllister Street.
BEDROOM AND KITCHEN: UNFUR-
nlsbed. 340 McAllister St.. downstairs.
OAA McALLISJER-3 UNFURNISHED
OAA rooms. ■■>:>-.>='._-;;.
yIAQ Mi A LLISTER-1 TO 8 ROOMS; BATH,
\rvfO gas, yard.
Minna Street. "/ ■:'
(\O.*J MINNA. COR. EIGHTH-NEWLYFUR-
XJXJ I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. . -
Mission Street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
Mission, reopened ; thoroughly renovated '.sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished ;sii>gle or en suite;
stationary washs'taiids and running water In
every room : choicest location; terms reasonable.
Oak Street. : z'y/77-
-ml OAK-LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
— '" reasonable.
O'Farrell Street.
1 99 O'IFARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
xajau room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
central; $8.
Pine Street.
f_*9"| PINE-PLEASANT FRONT ROOM, $8;
XJAjA suitable for 2 gentlemen. . ■' p--..-
Post Street.
I POST - 2 NICELY FURNISHED
AQUA suites; also single for housekeeping.
Sixth Street.
I no SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
XUO rooms, en suits or single; $1 25 up. - '-
! Taylor Street.
C 99 TAY'LOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN
OA-iAi ny rooms; thoroughly respectable. •
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room; reading r'm : free bus.
Turk Street.
*I 90 TURK-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
X.&O front room; reasonable. , ,
P\9_l l TURK-2 PARLORS, NEWLY FUR-
OAIA4 nished for housekeeping: rent $15.
BOAKOING AN ROO3IS,
■Tq Eunice l yfurn i iT ooms ,
AoO with or without board.
1" ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUNNY front
X suites, with first-class board, suitable for 2 or
4 gentlemen; all modern conveniences. Apply
516 Taylor st. ■
BUSH, COR. STOCKTON— THE GRENO.
XJXJO ble— Newly and elaborately furnished rms.;
single or en suite: board optional ; terms reasonable.
1 40X VAN NESS AVE. — FURNISHED
AAXJQ front suite, with board : also single room.
y"ou want A PLEASANT home CALL
X at Van Ness ave., cor. Bush St.; th« Winder-
mere; references required.
Q9/_» EDDY-HOTEL normandie; sunny
OPuKJ slngie rooms; table board ;teims reasonable.
HOTEL BEETLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
c»il_dri_> boarded.
qjxThow^rd^avant^
OAU dren to board; mother's care.
\V ANTED-1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
» T large yard. 416 Jersey, bet. Noe and Castro.
TIT ANTED— I OR MORE CHILDREN -TO
xx board: good home. 1607 Twenty-fourth st.
STORES TO LET. ~~~~
T^~STI!kT^Xl ARGirBAIcTToirLTVE^Y^
manufacturing business. Jessie, near Seventh.
. "VTICE STORE WITH 3 ROOMS; GOOD BUSI-
XX ness location: rent $15: water free; every-
thing in good order; 1 509 Va Howard St., near
Eleventh. Apply to P. C. MOJ..LY, 138 Montgom-
ery st. .-.'•.-■■■■". • .- :-.■-. ' ' . - - --,-:■  ■-.
ARKET-ST7 STORE; ) LOCATION THE
best; vacant from Feb. 1: rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 133 Montgomery St.
offices to let.
E^Tkgantlyfubntshe^
x able for professional man ; occupied ten years
by dentist. 860 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.
91 7 GEARY-PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
aiA K, for business; key at 217 V a . :■■-.- .-..- .
ELEGANT OFFICES in - spreckelS
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
st building or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg. st.
STORAGE
0"" vIOtinC_&~^FREIGHT?~TI^
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made., Tel. south 388.
OTORAOE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O bold goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage: low rates: telephone South 762. '■-
BUILDING ANI» LOAN ASSOCIATION.
C~ ""ONTINENT aX'bUILDI N A ND^LoXSTaS'
sooiation— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S. F.
General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldiidge .V.Fr. ; W l Corbln, sec.* Geo.M»n
. .-;• * ■'■ ;• -_. ■:',,
j CITY REAL ESTATE. . .-.
O'FARRELL & CO., ' '7 . -
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND HOUSE
BROKERS,
, . . ■ . . .11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©SHOO TI'RK-ST. : RESIDENCE; SOLD
♦TDOCv/l/. for absentee; make an offer; note size,
27:6x120 to rear street; both streets accepted; im-
provements rented for $40 per month; by small
outlay could be made to yield a large return on in-
vestment: lot alone worth^the money. 12
©COArt O'FARRELL- ST. CORNER _IN
t&VOXJXJ. Western Addition; splendid location
for a drugstore: improvements alone worth $2000;
should be converted into store; both streets ac-
cepted: see this ' property at once, as it is a sub-
stantial investment. _-*■-':■■ 6
$I^oo REDUCED FROM $6000; CALI-
«IP^t"JUI_'. fornia-st. lot near Larkin: sunny side;
if you want a bargain here is a chance; if you will
see the lot you wiU buy it. 23
Cl_fi^nO TROBATE SALE: 3 nOUSES ON
tipXJOXJXJ. lot 60 feet front by 80 deep; a short
walk from Market and 4th sts. i^pays 10 per cent. 17
ONLY $1600; NEAR LEAVENWORTH AND
Pacific; 2-story house 7 rooms: suitable fori
or 2 families; street accepted; worth $2000. 1
©OK A A BENTS $40 PER MONTH ; 4 FLATS
tS)OOXJXJ. near Y'alencia and 18th; streets ac-
cepted. • • :- . ■-■.-.-- 11
LARKIN-ST. CORNER; 68x100 FEET; SOLD
for absentee; worth $18,000; offered for
$14,000 to make immediate sale. 14
THE CHEAPEST YET; 2 LOTS NEAR MAR-
ket and 17th; worth $1600 each; sacrificed for
$1200 to effect immediate sale. 13
fll^OOO TOLK-ST. RESIDENCE 8 ROOMS
WOXJXJXJ. and bath; cost $6500 a short time
ago; an immediate offer wanted. . . . 18 .
$350 TO $525 EACH. *
HAVE YOU SEEN O'FARRELL & CO.'S
MOST POPULAR SUBDIVISION?
150 satisfied purchasers since the sale com-
menced.
Will you make it 151?
Beautiful little cottages springing up all over the
tract.
Remember there are but 12 lots left.
That they are level. .
That the street work Is done.
That they are all less than a block from Mission
st. and the electric curs.
That they are sold on $10 monthly payments.
That we have a branch office on the property,
and our representative, GEO. A. TURNER, will be
there dally from 10 to 12 and all day Sunday until
the lots are sold.
Take Mission-st. electric cars, get off at Cotter
st. or China ave. and you are on the property.
O'FARRELL A CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN-COTTAGE 4 LARGE ROOMS:
xA. nice location: street work all done: a $1100
mortgage can remain In Hibernia Bank at «"/_: per
. cent; will sell for $1600; must be sold at once.
Address R. M., box 37, Call office.
OTT AGES J l ST COMPLETED; $3600; EASY
terms: Shotwell St., near 17lh: 6 rooms, bath,
gas; elegant mantels, shades; tiled sink; open
daily. E. P. E. TROY, owner. 301 California st.
"Tor sale Till exchange FOR san
A Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28y 2 Zoest., city.
THE HEAVY RAINS ' '
HAVE CAUSED
NO MUDDY STREETS T /: _
In the Castro-st. Addition; owing to gooa natural
drainage and the scientific system of sewerage ail
of the streets are in splendid condition; there are
no other lots In the city for $350 to $450 where
the streets are graded, sewered and macadamized:
water piped to every lot: electric lights on the
property; on the line of the Guerrero-st. electric
road; all ready to build on.
$5 A MONTH WILL BUY A LOT.
115 lots have been sold in the Castro-st. Addition
since December 1. 1895, and if you will look at the
property you will understand the reason ; wean
desirous of seeing the lots which have been sold
improvd, and offer the following inducements to
t»>ose who have purchased and also to those who
purchase before February 1 : Provided 5 houses
are built before April 1 we will distribute
$750 IN PRIZES
To those who have completed a house costing not
less than $750. Full particulars of our prize offer
and a diagram of the property with prices can be
obtained at our office.'
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
A T — '
AUCTION.
PROBATE SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO 631% STEVENSON ST.,
will be sold at public auction, In our
oilice, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
January, 1896.
LOT 15 5x75. '-v'
Good Improvements; all rented, and
bringing In au Income of $292 per
month. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN A
HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st,
— — — — . :r.\.y
SOL GETZ A BROTHER, J
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
©7ATO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
tIP I O the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
300 WW. $450, $500 TO $1100: CHOICEST
tjpOXJxj . lots nonh and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist ave. 10 20th ave. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake. sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to anil purchaser. SOL GETZ A BRO. •
<s»inO TO 250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
"upXc'Cf Mlsslon-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO. .
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS^
SOL GETZ A BRO., Owners,
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels, etc., built fors32oo; 6-room cottage
and bath. $1500. J AS McCONAHAY.II49 Mission
JJ»"I 9^ IF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
tjpAjiJO worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell st.. room 3.
A*l WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
tDA $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly. .." -.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
. 250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
Sl6O-Lot 24x100; $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. .
SACRIFICE— 75x100. WITH GOOD HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works ahd large adjoining grounds;
price $4500, part cash;, or would , exchange.
GEORGE D. SHADBURNE. 416 Montgou ery st.
-813900 A MODERN COTTAGE OF"b
tjpOAjXJXJ, large sunny rooms and bath for sale
on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for small place across the bay.
Address W. H. FOWLER, 318 Pine st.
O BUY, SELL OR - EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tate and business of every description. A. J.
PROPER A CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt. downstairs.
TO EXCHANGE.
O^XCHANGE^ *~~*~~~~ ~~~_~^
2 HOUSES, LOT 100x100,
-X.yy IN ALAMEDA,
FOR LOS ANGELES OR SAN DIEGO
Vacant lots. DECKER, 1206 Market St.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— FIVE LOTS IN
Mission, for rooming-house or business; also
house and lot In' Oakland. Apply 111 Liber St.
MONEY, TO LOAN.
MONEY LOANED 7 ON JEWELRY" AND
other valuables at the : Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT I'Ro.M US ON Y'OUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st.
"1 ST A 2D MORTGAGES; interests tn~EB-
Xtates;lowest rates ;no delay .MURPHY, 62B Mrkt.
ORROW. MONEY on YOUR PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals JAMES I.'. DAMON, 303 MontgyJßU
ONEY LOANED. itt PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A.F.JOHN* A CO., 632 Market st. .-.
T OANS ON "REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
JL-t mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and . Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
JOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES:
-JU city or country; furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building. _
DVANCESONDIAMONDS,JEWELRY,ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Grant ave.
NY AMOUNT: 1 ST, 2 D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLG AN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-:(.
MORTGAGES, - PROBATE LOANS. WAR.
rants. SALOMON ACQ., 328Montgmry.r.214.
7'\ * PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sale cheap. . '
COLNTKY REAL ESTATE. j
l^O EXCHANGE FOR FIRST-CLASS^IN?:-
J- yard unencumbered a block and a halt in East
Oakland: well located; value $12,000; equity
s?8500. HUGH SHIELS, 602 Market st.
1 9-ACRE BEAUTIFUL FRUIT HOMEI-N' TH E
AA. famous early fruit belt of Vacavllle with nice
cottage and barn; all needed tools, etc. 900 fruit
trees all in full bearing: offered at a terrible low-
price to make quick sale.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
SHURST COLONY. ~ t ~~~ ~
At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered.' We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms In our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terprising thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
ASHURST COLONY,
, • Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
.^97^(l A FINE PAYING HOME RANCH
-4P-. I oxj. of 24 acres: near Santa Rosa; 3000
prune trees; family orchard; mo#ern 6-room
i!- 0 ,'.?.^ *£*-£ outbuildings: sacrificed. LEE &
KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
ffiQfiOrt 10 ACRES 25 MILES FROM SAN
WOUUU. Francisco, near Walnut Creek; 4
acres in choice fruit; 5-room modern house and
good outbuildings; fine surroundings; a good in-
come property ; 1 horse and buggy ; harness; 1 cow ;
V-rei??. 3 £/._?£*- - arm tools; ett3 i' terms. LEE&
IvISEH, 306 Montgomery st.
ft- HEAT BARGAIN -10 ACRES CHOICE
VX level land; all in fruit: mostly bearing: some
young trees; line house; 12 rooms; windmill and
tank, barn, outbuilding; fine well-water; near San
Leandro; electric road passes: part cash, balance
desiranle property. B. FASSLER, San Leandro,
A TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES UN 10
A years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves In tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right. ...
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport lor hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad.
dress
ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
."*■ ■-.*.•- 638 Market Street,
san Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
. . Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato. • -/A . _
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
-(table land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ner acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
O END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTER A. WH ITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CASH VALUE $3500: PRICE FOR 10 DAYS
$2500: fine corner lot; 101x103: convenient
to business center: cottage; 5 rooms; bath; street
work, stone walks complete; mortgage *2000 can
remain. . : .- .-■,-.. -
$1600 less than actual cost; lot 50x95; house of
» rooms, bath, with barn; street work, stone side-
«'.?A?,?, complete; 4 blocks to local station; price
$2000; mortgage at bank $1600.
fiJOfiS discount if sold at once; fine corner lot:
100x120; neat cottage: street ' sewered: side-
walked: nice surroundings, and only 3 blocks from
local station: price $2700; $800 cash.
$1600— Neat cottage; in excellent location: lot
.|i:6xl3s; street work, cement sidewalks com-
plete; terms ¥75 cash, balance $20 per month.
• J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
GrQArt HERE'S A CHANCE FOR A HOME;
to oxjxj. a 7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this is a snap. XV.
E. BARNAND A SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
C CORNER LOT FRONTING ON A STREET
J macadamized, sewered and sidewalked, $20 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. BARNAND A
SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
HERE'S A SNAP, OWNER MUST SELL:"
modern 5-room cottage; large stable; lot
50x100; central location; Eighteenth st. near
Brush; pays income of $300 per vear: price only
$3000: cost $4000: this must "be taken quick.
W. E. BARNARD A SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
Oj^fUlA BUYS A 2-STORY HOUSE ON SUN-
xgiOXJXJXJ ny side of street; 8 large rooms: 3
mantels; lot 32x101; close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BARNARD A SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
p OOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:6; MAG-
VT nolla St.: macadamized and sewered; $12 hO
per foot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway. y.±.
RETIRING MERCHANT WISHES To TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Haywards or San Leandro. For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
O COTTAGES OF 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ■
Ai large lots: situated on Fruitvale ave.; price
$6000; exchange for ranch; will assume mort-
gage; alsd other propei ty for exchange. Address
P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange. 459 Ninth sU,
Oakland.
*Btlfirt LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
t®AXJXJ. come to-day. LODGE A POWELL.
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND COUN-
try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
ffljcm MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGES;
t^AjXJ plans free.'F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statu.
«?"] t\n LOTS NEAR THE ALTKNHEIM IN
VPAOXJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
■ OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS; 3 ROOMS
each: sunny and clean; separate entrance;
prefer adults; references; central. 615 Fifteenth
■•i... Oakland. -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ffiOOAA $50 CASH, $22 60 MONTHLY: 5
tpj-.~.XJXJ . rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and batb; handsome new cottage. *'
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3600— 5300 cash, $35 monthly: 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE A REM MEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., San Francisco.
ft] flfl DOWN - -ELEGANT NEW - 5-ROOM
«iPX XJXJ modern cottage in center of citv, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda j Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. - , .
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
' ' REAL ESTATE.
CASTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting.
... Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara au, san Jose, Cal.
________ _
DENTISTS.
D™ R. •EORGJB W. Tuß-BK, " TH . E~Ge7? Ul NE
Leek dentist, discoverer of oaiuless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or. teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AIN LESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., BL&*4 Geary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A . PLATE.
A DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .
BR. H. H. SHAW. 224 KEARNY— BRIDGE-
work a specialty ; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth .without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., < or. Grant ave.
BOODLE DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent 1 for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 60c. with gaasl.
(5 7 A SET' FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
rjp I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
TAJt LtrDIiCM HILi,, 1443 MARKET ST.,
AJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 51lc: gas given.
CIOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BOM sin,
; ketst. DR. CHARLES W. .DECKER. .
DR. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate ave.— Open evenings; -Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted, DR. J. W. KEY, 1123 Market st.
....:•:■-- ' ' - '
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. j ■ ;>rf
Advice' divorce and probate
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice sad
Police Courts: terms reasonable; collections, etc.
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market, eor.Stock.on
'ji J. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X « lew: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W"w. davjdsox7attorney-at-law,4-H1
« California St.. rms. 14-15: advice free.
{ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
■*"*- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
MARRIAGE L ICENaJiS
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
J. L. Fawcett and Florence B. Porter, 22—19.
James F. C. Behrn and Cassie Gallen, 31-25.
Thomas F. Fogarty and Sarah Butler. 27—22.
Emil Munter and Lena Walker, 22—22.
G. Schmitt and Ray F. Brownlee, 29—24.
H. C. Beckmann and Martha Lenenefelt. 27—23.
James W. Kelly and Katie Cainthen. 31—21.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed: *
Alice Kracker against Ca]ten Kracker.
Matthew J. Ryan against Nellie Ryan.
Mary M. Favor against Charles F. i'avor.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
AUTEY— 12, 1890, to the wife of W. H.
Autey, a son. ■-..._
BRANDT— January 20. 1896, to the wife of
Maurice Brandt, a daughter.
GLUCK— In Alameda, January 19, 1896, to the
wife of Jacob Gluck, a daughter.
GUNZENDORFER-In Santa Cruz, January 20,
1896, to the wife of A. B. Gunzeadorfer, a daugh-
ter.
KUSS— In this city, January 11, 1896, to the wife
of G. W. Kuss, a daughter.
MORIEN— In this city, January 21, 1896, to the
wife of John P. Morien, a son.
TOWNS— In this city, January 21, 1896, to the
wife of John J. Towns, a son. ...
_____
MARRIED.
FAWCETT— PORTER— In this citv, January 22,
1896, by the Rev. Henry B. Monges of the
Church of the Advent, Jesse L. Fawcett and
Florence B. Porter, both of San Francisco. . * -,
KKENZ-HORN — In this city. January 18, 1896,
by the Rev. Frank K. Baker, Robert 11. Kreuz
and Jennie S. Horn, both of San Francisco.
PETERSON— CURRY-In this city. January 16,
1896, at the residence of the bride's parents, by
the Rev. John Stephens, James Peterson of
Fishermans Bay, Sonoma County, and Minnie
Curry of San Francisco.
DIED.
Ambrose, Mary Jackson, Fred H.
Beatus, Stella Landram. Maggie T.
Brown, Arthur P. Larrabee-Smith, R. V.
Enright, Patrick Mynatt, Elvin F.
Gasquet, Horace Pierce, Helen
Hamerton, William Rood, Laurzautis H.
Haggerty, Margaret Sablan, Andres
Hertz, Caroline Thaten, Etta
Hogau, John T. Wheelock, George J.
White, Maria
AMBROSE— In this city. January 21. 1896, Marr
Ambrose, a native of Sun Francisco, aged I
month and 28 days.
BEATUS— In Los Angeles, Cal., January 20, 1896,
Stella Beams, aged IS years and 5 months. . r, ■/-■
BROWN— In Burllngame, January 21, 1896. Ar-
thur Page Brown, a native of New Y'ork, aged 36
years.
JGS"Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Thursday!, at tbe residence. in Burlingame. on
the arrival of the 10:40 a.m. train from Sao
Francisco. Interment private.
ENRIGHT— this city, January 21, 1896, Pat-
rick, husband of Margaret Euri«ht, a native of
Ballylongford, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 45
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday); at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
family residence, 11 Bowie avenue, on. Eleventh
street, between Howard and Folsom, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. st. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GASQUET- In this city, January 21, 1896, Horace
Gasquet, a native or France, aged 68 years.
HAGGERTY— In this city, January 21, 1896,
Margaret, beloved wife of Patrick Haggerty. and
mother of Dennis Haggerty, a native of Cushen-
dall, Antrim, Ireland, aged 39 years.
_9-_rFrlends and acuualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerd THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 632 Howard street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner Harrison and Fremont
streets, where a solemn requiem high mas?
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
vary Cemetery. yy . ." •
HAMERTON— In this city, January 22, 1896, Wi1-
1iam Hamerton, father of John W„ William C.
and Charles W. Hamerton. Mrs. S. Morrison,
Mrs. R.Wilson and Mrs. J. Steventon. a native of
England, aged 73 years 10 months and 19 days.
HERTZ— this city, January 21, 1596. Caroline
Hertz (nee Wilkeriing). beloved mother of Mrs.
Paul Freise and Ileinrich and Johannes Hertz
of Omaha, a native of Nenstadt. Holstein. Ger-
many, aged 72 years 9 months and 6 days.
. [Omana papers please copy. |
_JS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. xt.. from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law, Paul Freise, 704 Birch
avenue, off Buchanan street, between Grove and
Fulton. Interment Masonic Cemetery. •
HOGAN— In this city, January 22, 1896, John T.,
beloved son of Johanna and the late Matthew
Hogan. a native of San Francisco, aged 36 vears
fISTThe funeral will take place TO-MORRoW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment private.
JACKSON— In this city, January 22, 1896. Fred
11., beloved husband of Maggie E. Jackson, a na-
tive of Durham, England, aged 47 years 6 months
and 18 days.
43~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at, 2 o'clock p. xt., from his late
residence, 348 Seventh street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LANDRAM (nee Kenny)— ln this city, January
20, 1896, at her residence, 1022 Pacific street,
Maggie T. Landram, sister of Mamie E. and John
J. Kenny, a native of San Francisco.
as-Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., at the family
residence. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LARRABEE-SMITH— In this city, January 21,
1&96, Rhoda Vaughn Larrabee-Smith, mother of
George T., John J. and the late William J. Lor-
rabee. a native of Gardiner, Me., aged 72 years 4
mouths and 9 days.
$arFrlends and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from her late resi-
dence, 180013 Hyde street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MYNATT— In this city, January 20, 1806, Elvin
F., beloved husband of Bettie Mynatt,. a na-
tive of Tennessee, aged 55 years.
US-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 22,
F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by ,3:30 o'clock p. m. train from Third and Town-
send streets.
PIERCE— In Madrone, January 19, 1896. Helen
Pierce, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years and 5
months. v •''•'> .' - •
ROOD— In this city, Jannary 22, 896, Laurzautis
H. Rood, a native of Hariland, Vt., aged 70
years.
SABLAN— Tn the City and ' County Hospital,
January 22, 1896, Andres Sablan. aged 30 years.
THATEN— in this city. January 21, 1896, Etta,
youngest and beloved daughter of Jacob A. and
Marie F. Thaten, and sister of Peter and Trena
Thaten and Mrs. George Archambault, Mrs. E.
F.Johnson and Mrs. 11. R. Hahn, a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 5 months and 21
days.
Friends and acquaintance* are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her parents, 1107 a A Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WHEELOCK— In Oakland, January 21, 1896,
George J. Wheelock. A member of Apollo
Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F., San Francisco. •
«s"Tho funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday); at 2 o'clock p. it., from the family
residence, San Pablo avenue, near Emeryville,
under the auspices or the Odd Fellows' Relief
Committee of Oakland. Friends and members of
his lodge are respectfully invited to attend. .
HOLLAND SMITH. R. S.
WHITE— In this city, January 20, 1896, Maria
White, beloved, wife of Patrick . White, and
- mother of Joseph and Annie White and Mrs.
Mary Kemp and Mrs. Nellie Meyers, and sister
of Henry Canning, a native of the city of Water-
ford, Ireland, aged 48 years, f Stockton (Cal.)
and Philadelphia papers please copy. 1 '
U3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of • her daughter. 6 Clementina street.
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services at 10
o'clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 1 27 and 29 Fifth street.
WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, """
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM ERS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. .
Jas. McMenouey. ' Ciias. McMenomsy.
JAMES Mc-WENOMEY & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEKS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh. .
Telephone No. 3354. -
— —— — pw iii -i ,m ■■ m ■_——»— —-J
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
INSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SEGTARIANj
laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual care; bean*
tlful, permanent and easy of access; sse it before
buying a burial place elsewhere.
Mitf office, 9 City Hall At»«*
1516
CLEVELAND WILL
FISH FOR SALMON.
He Is Expected Here in the
Spring With a Bait
Can;
IT IS ALL ARRANGED.
Grover Has No Conception of
the Piscatorial Wonders
of California. '
W. W. FOOTE influenced HIM.
The Two Waltonites Came to an Under
standing at Buzzards Bay Last
Summer.
It makes no difference whether we have
par with England or not, drover Cleve
land, President of the United States of
America, will arrive on the Pacific Coast
next spring with a can of fresh bait and an
overgrown fish basket.
Attorney W. W. Poote is at the bottom
THE HOLE IN THE WALL MADE BY THE JAIL-BREAKERS
of it, and will take Grover in charge im
mediately upon his arrival. Aside from
the President himself, Mr. Foote is beyond
a doubt the most enthusiastic piscatorial
ist we have on the continent, and can
throw a fly just as far down the stream as
any gentleman who ever used a rod.
Last summer Mr. Foote, accompanied
by Judge Henshaw and Deputy Commis
sioner Babcock, took a trip to Boulder
Creek, where the festive salmon congre
gate in large numbers. The gentlemen
■upon arriving got out a variety of hooks
and immediately proceeded to put up. a
job on the fathers of our canned fish out
put, with the result that in a few. hour?
they had taken something like several
hundred pounds of salmon from the
stream and only quit from exhaustion.
Later in the season Mr. Foote went on to
Washington, and while there accepted an
invitation from the President to go trolling
for bluefisb and bass in Buzzards Bay,
where Mr. Cleveland has so often con
cluded to plank down his veto on some
pet measure of a new Senator. The Cleve
land launch was put in trim and the cham
pion anglers of the two seaboards went
jorth to make a haul. The fish bit pretty
well, but along about sundown Mr. Foote,
who had been restraining himself all day,
•took a pull at the magic bitters, which are
recognized as a Jonah for bad luck, and,
turning to Mr. Cleveland, opened up his
batteries:
"Do you call this high-class fishing,
Grover?"
"Best in the country, Billy. Do yon
know of anything better out "your way?
Wait a mini; got a bite. Here it comes.
Ah, Billy, he's a dandy. Here we are,"
and Mr. Cleveland hauled out a 12-pound
bluefish. "There's the kind of fish we
take here right along, Billy," exclaimed
the perspiring President, "and ii you can
beat that in tbe West you can get me over
thereon a fishing trip any day in the year.
Come, now, isn't this the finest fishing you
ever saw?"
"Well. I'll tell you, Grover, if you really
NEW TO-DAT.
(pemra
THE GREAT
SKIN CURE
Works wonders in cur-
ing torturing, disfigur-
ing diseases of the skin,
scalp, and blood, and es-
pecially baby humours.
' ' Ctmcum* P.e*__ediis are «old thronghont the world.
Prituh depot: F. Niwbest ft Sons. London. Pott«b
Dse. a Cum. Coar., bale J*/opi., Boiton, U. S. A.
want the truth," responded Mr. Foote.
settling down in the bottom of the boat,
"this is the worst fishing I ever saw. Why
in California if we caught a twelve-pound
salmon we would throw him back in the
stream and go home disgusted. Why a
fish that size is bait for us out there. We
take them as high as fifty pounds with an
eight-ounce rod."
"Do you mean it?''
"Yes; you bet I mean it."
The President glued his eyes on the face
of the attorney and in an absent-minded
wav Jet his twelve-pound blueiish drop
overboard. He grabbed -Mr. Poote by the
hand and in measured tones inquired:
"JBillv, is that the straight truth?"
"Is" it?", said Mr. Foote, rising up so
that he could lay a friendly hand on the
shoulder of the President. "Let me give
you a sample of how a salmon takes the
spoon. The instant it strides the pool, if
the fish are biting well, there is a swish
like a young cloudburst and the water
flies up as if a torpedo had been exploded.
The next instant the line spins away and
the reel sings as it whirls. Paster ana
faster it plays out until nearly one hun
dred yards are gone. Then, ray friend,
there is a little relaxation followed in
stantly by a sudden tightning again and
the struck fish breaks far down the stream.
The water is lashed into a foam and the
pole bends and quivers tinder the shock.
Ah drover, it is then that the elec
tricity of delight plays all over your body
and the struggle begins in earnest. Back
ward and forward the wounded leviathan —
say Grover — rushes and darts like a shaft of
light. His sides glitter and glint when he
comes to the surface again, and then he
takes another shoot to the bottom. All
else around you melts into nothingness,
and the song of the reel is the only sound
that comes |o your ears. The' light rod
vibrates and answers every movement of
the fish while your arms respond to the
pressure with a poetical motion. Finally
the fight begins to tire the fish and you
reel him in. An occasional rush toward the
last, but in half an hour it is all over, and
the proud and gamy denizen of the stream
is {raffed and drawn into the boat and you
feel exhausted with excitement and pleas
ure. The weight "
"Is what, Bill?"
"Forty-nine pounds," roared the attor
ney, rpyy
"That settles it," exclaimed the Presi
dent, after he had straightened himself
out. "I will be there in the spring. Billy,
you are hot stuff. Excuse me, Mr. Foote,
but I am very much excited."
The two fishermen then went ashore
and in a few days Mr. Foote returned to
this coast. Since then he has sent vivid
descriptions of the salmon fish-ng at Mon
terey and Boulder Creek to the inhabitant
of the White House, with the result that
Mr. Cleveland promises to come out here
in the spring and have a straight-out
salmon fishing bout, even if during his
absence a free-coinage bill is crowded
through Congress.
WILSON WAS DISCHARGED.
A New Librettist Is Now Needed
at the Tivoli Opera
House.
The Management Says That He Was
Dismissed Because He Appro
priated a Song.
John B. Wilson, who has been employed
at the Tivoli Opera-house for the past four
years as an actor, librettist and singer,
has been dismissed from his position, and
as a result much acrimonious controversy
and a possible lawsuit have resulted. He
received his notice to quit on the 14th inst.
"The suit brought by John E. Nash for
breach of contract by Mrs. Kreling raised
the original rumpus," said Mr. Wilson
yesterday. "I was subpenaed by the pros
ecution along with Hartman* and Jack
Raphael. I went on the stand and told
the truth— hence the trouble. Mrs. Krel
ing said the . house was losing money
because the stage manager only put on
chestnuts, and I showed conclusively that
better business was seldom known than
when my 'Don Juan' ad lib,* 'Lalla
Rookh' and 'Little Robinson Crusoe'
were put on, and under Mr. Nash's direc
tion. Nash secured his judgment, and as
I controverted Mrs. Kreling's testimony I
expected to be dropped immediately, but
they needed me for Christmas and kept me
for 'Ixiop/ 'Ixion' was such ago that the
slow intellect of the management held off
three weeks before I was given my notice."
The Tivoli management's explanation of
the trouble is very different from that of
Mr. Wilson.
A song that had been loaned .to the
house by Charles Trevathan was published
by Wilson, and, according to Mrs. Ernes
tine Kreling, appropriated to his own use.
Mrs. Kreling was very angry about the
matter, as she knew that Trevathan con
sidered the piece a very valuable musical
property which he himself intended: hav
ing published, and she dismissed Wilson
on that account.
The owner of the song is said to be con
templatine a suit for heavy damages
against Wilson and Joseph Hirsbach,' who
were interested in the publication.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896.
NEARLY PIERCED
PRISON WALLS
Neat Conspiracy Discovered
at the County
Jail.
DUG THROUGH THE BRICK
Mason and Spear, Who Are in
for Burglary, Handled
the Tools.
AN OUTSIDE CONFEDERATE.
The Attempted Delivery Was Un
earthed by. Another Prisoner's
Attorneys. ■
What might have resulted in a sensa
tional and most serious jail-break was
brought to light in the County Jail last
night.
The authorities knew of the almost suc
cessful attempt that had been made last
Saturday, but the chief jailer and his dep-
uties at the -'Old Bailey," acting under the
strictest instructions of their executive
head, Sheriff Whelan, hugged the damag
ing secret to their breasts and not a single
telltale syllable dropped from their dis
creet lips. But it is hard to suppress in
formation of this kind, and a Call re
porter yesterday afternoon was given a
clew which on development led to the
story which follows: >•-•;':.."
In cell 44 of the upper tier were two
prisoners. Their names are John Mason
and Walter Shear. Both are awaiting
trial for burglary. . Some time before New
Year's they made arrangements with a
confederate on the outside to assist them
in escaping from the jail. This confed
erate was to engage lodgings in one of the
tenements on Kearny street, above Broad
way, the rear of which abut against the
side wall of the jail.
While those on the inside were pecking
and boring away at the masonry, this
confederate was to use a short crowbar and
chisel on the outer wall. The measure
ments and calculations were carefully
made, and the cellmates began work forth
with. •'iy.-v
As nearly as can be judged the work
was under way about the first of the»year.
The inner wall is 24 inches in thickness.
Between that and the outer wall is a blind
alley two feet in width. This outer wail,
or last security barrier, as it is sometimes
called, is 2G inches thick.
Mason and Shear were experts in their
work. They were unable to do much dur
ing the day, and at night they were under
the necessity of using the greatest caution,
as the guard passed their cell every ten
minutes. But with the aid of a dark lan
tern and tools that were smuggled to them,
they succeeded in opening an aperture,
nearly square and about 18 inches each
way in the solid masonry.
When the plot was discovered there was
but one more tier of bricks between them
and the outside world. Two inches of
brick alone remained between them and
liberty, and perhaps the liberty of many
others. Who knows that Durrant might
not have availed himself of this conven
ient hole in the wall?
That the prisoners were skillful and se
cretive in their work may be judged from
the fact that a few days aeo, after the work
of liberation had been long under way, the
cell's interior was whitewashed and noth
ing irregular in the appearance of the walls
was discovered. During the day the cheap
tissue-paper drapery of a bookshelf hung
in that particular part of • the wall, and
after the bricks were placed back a little
water and powdered mortar, served to give
j the wall surface an honest and natural ap
pearance. . ,v
But on last Saturday night it was borne
in on the minds of Prisoners Moran and
Shear with eloquent force. that "the best
laid plans of mice and men aft gang agley."
A deputy entered the cell and, having had
private information, lifted the shelf cover
ing , and proceeded to examine the wall
which was thereby concealed. .A few sec
onds'- inspection sufficed to convince him
I 7^/pS^-l-y __'.. ^^-."..- ,."-'-' '- -'■'". .'_ SEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. 7777- O r __ ww ..
] j . r I■■ ' - --1 r- '- --I i .'__. ■ * ...,.' l * *l )''""-) ■ ~~ ■' ' —J A . .L ' — 1"—
HD COO our sellings
UIILUU in this de=
a _nn a partment
GOODS. g*J5
have been phenomenal.
They simply indicate the
effects of our quotations I
and values in this depart-
ment.
FANCY STRIPE POINTILLE SlLK.ex-
tra heavy quality, a fancy colored dis- ; ; '
appearing stripe on a plain change- djj "I . 00
able ground, in brown, myrtle, olive, tjp J
reseda, navy, garnet, etc, worth $125 Yard
.- -'.-•■' : ',:■- ..; ;
FANCY GROS DE LONDRE SILK, ex-
tra heavy quality, fancv three-toned flj» .00
effects, in small figured designs, 20 x£) J
inches wide, a special sale price Yard
FANCY BROCHE SILK, extra heavy *l .00
trade, swell combinations, all staple -©J
colors, 20 inches wide, value $1 25.... Yard
FANCY BROCHE STRIPE SILK, good on "I .00
heavy quality, fancy striped effect, «JpJ-
was $1 40 per yard Yard
FANCY PEATJ DE SOIE SILK, beauti-
fully - contrasting shades of three • ■/. zz
colors, an extra heavy grade, 22 (& 1.00
Inches wide, sold all season for $2 a <J 1
yard Yard
FANCY BLACK MOHAIR SUITINOS, FCQC
in small and medium designs, sold all Oo
season for 75c a yard, 45 inches wide Yard
FANCY SILK AND WOOL SWIVEL, ■
small bright-colored silk dots on fancy CM .00
dark giound, sold all season for $1 25 «^X
a yard, 42 inches wide Yard
FANCY SILK AND WOOL EPINGLE,
extra heavy, changeable effects, myr- £J» 1 .00
tie, earnot and tan, sold all season for «jp J
$1 50, 45 inches wide Yard
FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, bright £0
color effects, sold all season for $1 23, I O
40 inches wide Yard
SILK AND -WOOL NOVELTY SUIT-
ING, 3-toned effect, swivel figure on H-Zf-
fancy cloud background, sold all sea- KO
sort tor $1 85 a yard, 40 inches wide.. Yard
of the truth of his information. The
bricks were all loose and could be removed
to the depth of twenty-two inches. That
left but two inches between the inmates of
the cell and the outside world.
Cell 41 was therefore on the blacklist,
and so were the prisoners. A thorough
investigation was made, but nothing fur
ther was discovered to indicate that the
outside confederate had made any prog
ress in his work of release. . Thereby
hangs the tale.
A man named E. J. Hawley, waiting
trial for burglary, was placed in th 9 ceil
with Mason and Shear. Though they did
not admit him to their confidence at once,
Hawley soon discovered what was going
on and communicated with his lawyer,
Harry Massey. The latter lost no time in
communicating with Chief Jailer Sattler.
That official was out of town last Saturday
when the letter arrived, but the officer
next in charge had the investigation made,
with the result as already set forth.
Chief Jailer Sattler returned the next
day and ever since then has been trying
to get a confession from either Mason or
Shear or both. He was unsuccessful until
last night. Mason talked first, and with
apparent freedom, laying all the blame on
Shear, whose mistress he said had made
the arrangements with the confederate on
the outside. He accused Shear of being
the one who conceived of the scheme.
When Shear was informed of what Mason
had told, he asserted that Mason was the
one to suggest the plot.
When first approached by the reporter
on the subject, Chief Jailer Sattler was
disinclined to give any information or
even discuss the affair. When he learned,
however, that the newsman was in pos
session of the facts he spoke freely and
told all he knew and undertook to see if
anything more could be got out of
either of the conspirators. He explained
the reason of his silence and the desire to
keep the attempted jail-break from the
public by saying that it was wholly in the
interest of justice . authorities were
anxious to get a clew which would lead to
the identity and arrest of the outside con
federate.
"Yes, it is a fact," said Mr. Sattler, "and
the story may as well be told j in full.
From what Shear told me to-night 1 think
a pretty clear idea of the whole plan may
be gleaned. "':;"'.
"Arrangements were , made through
Shear's mistress with some man on the
outside 'to take lodgings, in an Italian
tenement on Kearny street, a few doors
above Broadway and dig his way through
the : outer twenty-six-inch wall. The dis
tance was carefully calculated, and if the
confederate had carried out his part of
conspiracy all no doubt would, have been
well but for the fortunate accident of
placing Hawley in the same cell. Shear's
mistress was to pay the confederate $50
for the job. He was to rent a J room from
old ; Rotarizi,'- 1117 Kelp my," and begin
work on the outer wall as soon as he was
ensconced in his new quarters.
"The woman paid the mysterious per
sonage $20 on account. She was to give
him v the rest of the $50 as soon as he
showed that j his part of the contract had
been carried out. - Instead of going t9 work
in Rotanzi's cellar he pocketed the double
eagle . and 7 emulated the "example .: of the
tireless . Arab, who is • eternally packing
his little trunk and gripsack . and ttealing
away. >Be that as it may, the prisoners
would have had a ; fair chance of escaping
when they cut through the last two inches
of wall. There is a blind alley, two feet in
width, between the jail and the security.
wall, and any one from the roof or porch
of the adjoining houses could easily let
down . a rope to them. I think before we
get through, with Mason and Shear we can
. .* ■ ■.-■,-_S^^M^Ww*3«rtfe?^JsaT_«_*__^^»*T-^^Mfe*«««si
There has been a big selling here this week and big bargains
in LINENS. San Francisco people are never slow in recognizing
good values. Equal inducements for the balance of the week. The
LINEN SALE is in the NEW ADDITION. Plenty of room to enter-
tain crowds without crowding. Plenty of light. Come with an
umbrella or come with a sunshade but don't miss it. It is the
Linen Sale of the year. Every pattern new. 1896 crop.
Al THE GREAT CLEARANCE SALE GOES MERRILY ON
Not a Drowsy Corner in the Great Building.
LI-CsTBISrS.
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK. Irish Linen,
extra weave, good assortment of new patterns.
:_:'. 68-inch 40c vard
66-inch 50c yard
70-inch 75c and $1 yard
a A Bleached Napkins to match, $2 and $3
dozen. * ■_,- -■•■ .--•,,•'•'
UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, Irish Linen,
heavy quality, the serviceable kind for hotels
and restaurants. ;*.-;■,
66 inches 25c yard
60 inches 40c yard
62 inches.. 60c yard
68 inches 75c yard
BLEACHED NAPKINS, % size, fine Irish Linen,
good assortment for choosing; prices $1, $1 25.
$1 50 and $3 dozen. '
Extra 34 size. 25x26 inches $2 75 doz
Extra fine quality, 27x27 inches. $5 and $6 50 doz
HUCK TOWELS, woven selvage, fringed, close
weave, heavy, absorbent.
16x29 $1 00 dozen 120x40 ?2 00 dozen
18x36 1 25 dozen 20x42 2 25 dozen
21x42 1 75 dozen I 23x42 25c each
HUCK TOWELS, Hotel Towel, hemmed, fine
weave. -.*.- '. ■
18x33 $1 25 dozen
20x40 15c each
21x41 20c each
BLEACHED CRASH, all linen, extra heavy
quality.
16-Inch 81/3C yard I 17-Inch 12iAcyard
17-inch 10c yard I 20-inch vard
__■ \m\rtm% mW M m M __^__T ___/I^^^ mmW ' m\W __^T J __^ M
I INCORPORATED.'
937 x 939 94i. 943. 945 Market.
get a complete confession and the name
of the man who was to have assisted them."
j The tenement of oldßotanzi's on Kearny
street is as dirty and forbidding a looking
a habitation as one can imagine. In fact,
all the ramshackle dwellings on that side
of the street above Broadway are the out
ward covering for a perfect honeycomb of
allies, zigzag stairways, porches and cel
lars, and many of them are veritable dun
geons. - 7"7:' 4 P/ I *,;-.'-
Old Rotanzi is at least 74 or 75 years of
age. He is bowed down by age, though he
retains much of his activity.
"Oh, yes," he said, when questioned by
the reporter, "I show you the house and
wall of the jail." . * -
Lighting a candle he led the' reporter
through a maze of dark and damp hall
ways, some above and others below ground,
until he came to a damp and musty dun
geon-like place, which he said was next
the jail wall.
It was next the walls of the jail, but not
at the proper elevation to enable a willing
confederate to afford burrowing assistance
to friends on the interior. It was with
some reluctance that he showed the news
man through other parts of the house,
many rooms of which are in a more ad
vantageous ' position with relation to any
outside scheme for assistance to prisoners
in the jail. 7/;': 7/77
"I know nothing about the man's com
ing here to get himself a room," he said,
and Jailer Sattler is of the opinion that the
old man speaks the truth.
TO WIDEN LOMBARD STREET.
The Proposition Will Be Discussed Be
fore the Supervisors This Morning..
The proposition to widen Lombard street
in connection with the north side boule
vard will be presented to the Board of Su
pervisors this morning by several of the
property-owners prominently interested in
the projected broad driveway to the Pre
sidio.
For several weeks the present action has
been contemplated and planned for, but it
was not possible before for the interested
advocates to concentrate upon one day.
The whole matter will be discussed lib
erally, the idea being to settle the question
of the advisability of cutting six feet off
the sidewalks in order to make the road
way proper of Lombard street, from Van
Ness avenue to the Presidio, twelve feet
wider than it is at : present, so that ulti
mately a broad easy bitumen drive may
be obtained. . ■■''■•:'
H. E. Law of the Viavi Company on Van
ness avenue; J. Richard Freud, a resident
on the avenue, and Attorney Z. U. Dodge,
one of the officers of the north side boule
vard, will speak before the Supervisors to
day, and possibly others may take part in
the conference.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices :■/•;'-.
. Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.
52 Market st., S. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Hot Chase After a Burglar.
[ Juan Gonzales, with a clock, an overcoat and
sixteen towels, gave Policemen Mahoney.
Mullender and Hiitchings a lively chase at
Kearny street and Montgomery " avenue early
yesterday morning. 'He had -just emerged
from the door of the Prescott House when the
officers saw him and he dodged back.. They,
pursued him through' the hall, aud upstairs to
the roof, and then over the roofs of adjoining
buildings until iinally they captured him.
Two charges of burglary in the second degree
were booked against him at the California
street Police station. ypp. ;■ .*.
P- Not how cheap, but how good for the price
paid for printing and binding. The Mysell-
Rollins Co., 22 Clay. ';.-.. p.-. ..--■ * 4-
Texas proposes to lay a tax of $50 on 7 all
unmarried men 'SO years old ;or more un
less they can make oath that they have
tried to marry and failed. -.
HUCK TOWELING, 17 inches wide, 1 QIC
close weave, heavy quality, a chance A—,'i
for a year's supply , Yard
GLASS CRASH, 24 inches wide, fine 1 QIC
quality, woven selvage, value 20c J-^-'-j
y Md Yard
TABLE DAMASK, 60 Inches wide, nn- OCX
bleached, ail linen, heavy quality. OO
Clean Table Linen is appetizing Yard
TABLE COVERS, turkey red, 2Ym and Q-'C
2*/2 yards long, guaranteed fast colors, 00
hemmed, a neat cloth and always clean Each
Domestics.
GRAY BLANKETS, 10-4 size, value ©1.00
$1 60. good and warm for these days.. «J. A
Each
COMFORTERS, full size, white cotton CM .48
filling, sateen-covered «JpJ
'••-'• Each
EIGHT LAPS TO THE MILE
A New Bicycle Track to Be
Built in the Mechanics'
Pavilion. *
Care to Be Taken to Render It Safe.
A Tournament Planned for
March 5 to 11.
Within a few days the work of building
an eight-lap bicycle track in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion will be begun under the su
pervision of Frank El well, the veteran
Plan of Proposed Eight - Lap Bicycle Track for Mechanics' Pavilion. The Dotted
/77/ : Lines Show Nine - Lap Track of Last Year.
rider. It is intended by Charles Wikidel,
who is furnishing the funds, about $1000,
to build the track to, give a six days' tour
nament from March 5 to March 11, in
which the best of the . cyclists of the coun
try, professional class A and class B, will
compete. ' ■■'■ ' -_'/ ". j - "."". ..
The meeting will be held under the sanc
tion of the League of American Wheel
men, and prizes to the extent of $3000 will
be given. The date has been fixed for the
early part of March for the reason that
A. A. Zimmerman, the greatest of Ameri-
riders, is expected to be here about
that time.
Prizes will be given for five-mile, two
mile, one-mile, half and quarter-mile
races, and for a ten-mile club race, an
event" which is expected to create much !
enthusiasm. In this race heats will be
run on each night, the final to take place
on March 11. The first three men to finish
will be given medals.
In the class B races Zeigler, Coulter,
Wells and other crack riders of the coast
are expected to compete.
In building the track care will be taken
to render the turns less dangerous than
they were during the last tournament,
when so many riders were injured. The
planking will be one foot wider on the
turns and two feet wider on the straight,
and padding to prevent bruises and abra
sions will be placed wherever necessary.
The tournament will partake somewhat
of a cycle show as well as a riding tourna
ment, and the dealers who are now ex
hibiting their '96 machines at Denver are
expected to bring them here for the same
purpose. The track will be .finished in
plenty of time to give the riders a chance
to practice and tram On it before March 5.
STOLE WAEDROBES.
Louis .Laford. Property-Man at the
Midway Plaisnnce, "Arrested.
Louis ' Laford, a property-man .in the
Midway Plaisance, was booked :at the
City Prison last night by Detectives Dillon
and Crockett on the charge of grand lar
ceny.
Between the close of the performance on
notions. Sk
over with bargains in Lit-
tle things necessary to
every one. Something
here for you. Deeper Cuts,
better varieties in this
season's novelties than
any we know of.
SPECIAL SALE OF VEILINGS— Fancy
mesh, chenille dot, colors navy, black, *| AC
brown, tan, cream, white, 14 inches J."
wide Yard
JET BEADED FRINGE, 3 inches wide, 1 AO
a line to be closed, value more than J-U
double Yard
GARTER ELASTIC fancy ruffled, silk *| AC
center, full line, staple colors, to be J-U
closed out, worth 20c a yard Yard
JET AIGRETTES— See onr showcase OXO
for display, for hat trimmings, very AjO
special Each
GOLD BRAID, fancy colored, for dress Of^CJ
tr'.mming, XVa inches wide,' reduced ajxJ
from 60c a yard .'. Yard
SILK PLUSH DRESS TRIMMING, in "I KO
royal brown and mink, 1 inch wide... XO
Yard
Furnishings.
CHILDREN'S HOSE, all-wool Cashmere,
flne quality, narrow rib, fast color, OKC
spliced heels and toes, sizes 6to BVa, A.O
were 35c and 45c . Pair
—
LADIES' HOSE, extra quality, Herms- "I AC
dorff dye, high-spliced heels, etc., XO
were 25c Pair
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, cambric, *1 AC
fancy hemstitched colored border, nar- J-U
row or wide hem, were $2 d0zen....... Each
GENTS' UNDERWEAR, all wool, heavy dj» 1 .00
weight, soft finish, were $1 60 «jpJ-
:. Garment
Sunday night and Monday morning the
trunks belonging to the l)rum_nona Sis
ters, who are performing at the Midway,
were broken open and" their wardrobes,
valued at about $150, stolen. V
Laford slept on the premises, and sus
picion fell upon him. A file which he used
in forcing off the brass hinges of the trunks
was found in his pocket, and there are
other facts pointing to him as the thief.
Police Commissioners.
The Police Commissioners at their meeting
last night had four patrolmen before them.
Joel B. Stoddard was fined $25 for not patrol
ing his beat, and John W. Standley $10 for a
similar offense. The charges against August G.
Hostetter for sitting down while on his beat,
and Solomon Sandman for not reporting that
he knew of a burglary on his beat, were dis
missed. The Commissioners discussed in
formally the advisability of purchasing two
of the covered patrol wagons similar to those
in use in New York and decided to refer the
matter to the Police and Health Committee Of
the Board of Supervisors.
Very few people know the sound of their
own voice. When they hear it in a pho
nograph they are much surprised.
raw Tt^PAX:
Goodyear Welt Shoes
are better than hand-eewed,
but cheaper. Some dealers
sell them for hand-sewed
shoes, at hand-sewed prices*
They make a handsome
profit; you get a better shoe.,
Goodyear Welts are leather shoes, not rubber.
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
A Fact
Conceded
The Big Factory
gives you better, returns
for your dollars than any
other shoe house in this
city. V:;' _
581-583 MARKET ST.