VOLUME LXXEK.-NO. 182.
SCENES OF SADNESS
AT THE MOUND CITY.
Mournful Indeed Will Be the
Memorial Services at
St. Louis.
BUT ENERGETIC MEANS ARE TAKEN
TO RELIEVE SUFFERING.
Prompt Lynching of a Ghoulish Tramp Who Was
Caught Robbing the Dead While Pretending
to Lend Assistance.
Revised List of Those Who Perished From Injuries Received
During the Ravages "of the Cyclone — Property Losses
Estimated at Twenty Million Dollars.
ST. LOT7IB, Mo., May 29.— Memorial
day of 1896 will hereafter be an anniver
sary of saddened memories to the people
of the Mound City. Old Glories innumer
able will as of late float in the breeze to
motrow, but instead of a proud position
at the head of the poles, they will be low
ered to the sign of mourning and sorrow
at half mast. Beneath them, procession
after procession will wind its way around
tbe principal thoroughfares and over
Grand avenue to tbe last resting-places of
the departed at the beautiful Calvary and
Bell'ontaine. The strains of brass bands
will fill the air as on previous Decoration
d.vys, but the patriotic airs of "Marching
Through Georgia" and "Rally Round the
Flag, Boys," will give place to funeral
dirges and the dead march instead.
The boys in blue in accordance with the
time-honored custom will march to the
respective points where honors are to be
paid to the departed veterans of the war,
but before them, between them, and be
hind them, will be heard the steady tramp
and witnessed the impressive spectacle of
companies of Free Masons, Pythians, Odd
Fellows and representatives of other secret
societies as they follow the funeral car
riages that bear the remains of some
brother whose life paid forfeit to tne fnry
of the" elements on "Wednesday night.
There will be flowers galore in the cities of
the dead, but the designs ot the square
and compass, the cross and the circle, the
wreaths of evergreens and forget-me
nots — all tokens of a present burial — will
be more numerous than loose, cut flowers
and evergreens, with which it has been
the custom in this locality to decorate the
abiding places of those who have gone be
fore. -*"
There will be the time-honored ora
tions, tinged with patriotic fervor, but
from spots by the score over the burying
grounds will be heard the voices of the
men of God as they pronounce the last
invocation, and, mingling with the sol
emn words, the sobs and moans of the
grief-etricken relatives and friends of those
whose mortal remains are being consigned
to mother Earth.
And, with the sunset and the Sabbath,
will come the "passing of the aftermath"
of the second great calamity of the
decade ; and so, also, with the dawn of a
new week, the metropolis of the South
west, relegating to history the horrors and
terrors of the past few days, will gird
herself anew and resume her march of
commercial and social progress.
There were a number of funerals to
day, but relatives of the great majority o'
the victims preferred to take advantage of
the fact that to-morrow is Decoration day
and a balf-holiday, and therefore ar
ranged accordingly for the interments.
As a result the undertaking establish
ments were "rushed" to an extent unpre
cedented and the ambulance-shaped black
vehicles employed to carry the caskets
were at times during the day to be en
countered every few blocks. So heavy was
the pressure upon the funerai-directors
that in many cases it was this evening
iound absolutely necessary to defer the in
The Funeral Cortege Leaving tne McGlincy Home for the Little Cemetery at Campbells, Near San Jose. Five Hearses Bear the Bodies of Dunham's Victims.
The San Francisco Call.
terments until Sunday. The number of
burials to-morrow, however, will exceed
100.
The conditions in East St. Louis are pre
cisely in accord with those of tbia city.
The preparations and programme of the
one are those of its namesake and neigh
bor across the river.
At a regular meeting of the Municipal
Assembly to-night Mayor Walbridge sub
mitted a special message, asking that the
Assembly appropriate $100,000 for the re
lief of the storm-sufferers. This proposi
tion was favorably received, but the exi
gencies of legislation will delay conclusive
action for several days.
The money is to be immediately avail
able upon the passage of the measure.
The committee report will be made to
morrow. Informal discussion was had and
it was agreed that every appropriation -for
public improvements not pledged on con
tracts already made should be diverted to
the relief fund. The disbursement of this
fund will be under municipal control
and will be independent of other relief
measures.
Mayor Wai bridge took occasion in his
message to point out that St. Louis was
the only city in the country that had
weathered safely the recent financial gale
and it should not be said that a::} dis
turbance, physical or financial, should
make St. Louis a mendicant asking alms.
This independence of feeling seems uni
versal here. It does not appear to be brae
gadocio, but serene confidence in the abil
ity and disposition of St. Louisaus to car*
for the storm victims.
There is one particular unidentified body
in the Morgue that to-morrow will be m
■ terred in the potter's field, simply because
it is too badly mangled to be of service to
the anatomical demonstration class of any
of t. c local medical colleges. The in
juries which resulted in the victim's death
are not attributable to the tornado, but
were rather a sequence of the horror. A
couple of uours after the power-house of
the Southside Electric line had been
levied, with nine employes in the ruins,
a trampisb-looking individual put in an
appearance and volunteered to assist in
the search. During the night four bodies
were taken from the debris and laid side
by side. Then, according to a local citi
zen who told his story at the Morgue to
day, the volunteer, availing himself of
what he thought was a favorable oppor
tunity, proceeded to rifle the clothing of
the dead. He was caught in the act by
one of the searchers, who without warning
felled him with a brick. Then, with cries
of "Lynch the thief!" the entire partyjof
searchers fell upon him with kicks and
biows from boards and scantlings.
When they paused for breath the ghoul
was dead. A pledge of secrecy was quickly
passed aronnd, the ambulance was sent
for and the body conveyed to the morgue
under the supposition tbat it was that of
a victim of the power-house wreck.
This story, if it is lounded upon facts,
narrates the solitary case of lynching that
marked the aftermath of the storm.
Less ghastly, but in tbe same ghoulish
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 30, 1896.
THE GRANT MEMORIAL ON THE BANK OF THE HUDSON, NEW YORK CITY, AS IT
WILL APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED.
There will be a Grant memorial service, participated in by the veterans cf the Grand Army of the Republic and other
military and civic bodies, held on the grounds adjacent to the monument site to-day. The service will commemorate the
deeds of the men who died that the Union might live, and it is appropriate that the spot chosen therefor shall be the one
which contains the ashes of the great leader who, after the war was over, endeared himself to all Americans by those sen
timents of love and amity to which he gave utterance. Grant said "Let us have Peace," and Peace settled over the land
line, was the story told in the Police Court
to-day and which resulted in Jacob Wuims
and Joseph Wood being fined $.30 each
on the charge of disturbing the peace.
Early this morning they burrowed through
the ruins of St. James Lutheran Church,
on California avenue, to the basement,
where they had learned that several dozen
bottles of communion wine were stored.
After drinking their fill they loaded their
arm? with bottles, and seating themselves
on the sidewalk invited the passers-by to
drink the conaecrated liquor to the tune of
a blasphemous toast.
Police Captain Kceble and Sergeant
Hanna, both of whom were in plain
clothes, were among those so invited, and
when they undertook to arrest the depre
dators Wood drew a knife and attempted
to stab them. People in the crowd came
to the assistance of the officers, and the
men were disarmed and taken to the sta
tion.
From detailed reports received by The
United Press from official sources up to
9:.'50 r. m. the following tabulated state
ment is prepared:
Identified dead in St. Louis 176, unknown
dead in St. Louis 8, fatally injured in St.
Louis 18, missing in St. Louis 40.
Identified deal in East St. Louis 142, u
nknown dead in East St. Louis 3, fatally in
jured in East St. Louis 1 ; total fatality 388.
Injured in St. Louis (estimated) 10CK).
Injured in East St. Louis (estimated) 300.
LIVING AND THE DEAD.
Heartrending Incidents at the
Morgue and in the Ruins.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29.— The relief
committee formed yesterday was at work
early this morning and gangs of men
were everywhere to be seen searching the
ruins for bodies. No attempt at relief
work beyond this was made, the sole
effort of the men in the employ of the
relief committee being directed toward
bringing to light the full extent of death
dealt out by Wednesday's great storm.
The city, aitled by men from the street
car companies, began clearing the streets
of dismantled pojes, wires and debris early
this morning, and this greatly accelerated
the movements of the people who are
beginning to bring a semblance of order
out of tbe utter confusion of yesterday.
Carpenters and useful men of all trades
are in demand.
• Hundreds are busy repairing damaged
buildings and there are many inauiries
for others from manufacturing concerns
who are anxious to restore their build
ings and resume business. It will be
many weeks, however, before business
will have resumed its normal condition.
The known number of people killed in
St. Louis and the city across the river is
now 388 and the list is being augmented
almost hourly. It is believed that when
the search is completed the death roll will
reach 500 and many people Delieve there
are bodies at the bottom of the Mississippi
which will never be recovered.
The injured are legion, their number be
ing estimated at from 800 to 1000 in this
city and 200 to 300 in East St. Louis. All
through the night without cessation gangs
of workmen plied their search for victims
of Wednesday'scyclone, eight bodies re
warding this.
At 6 o'clock this morning the body of an
unknown man was taken from the Soulard
Market ruins. John Plank of 1008 Lafay
ette avenue died at St. John's Hospital
this morning from injuries received in the
cyclone. Many of the injured are hover
ing between life and death.
Miss Clara Herrmann died to-day from
the effects of injuries sustained in the
cyclone. The young lady and her father
and mother, Mr. and Mrs. John P. Herr
mann, were buried beneath the house they
occupied, Mrs. Hermann, aged 52 years,
was instantly killed, her body being
crushed almost to a pulp. Mr. Herrmann
was so badly injured that his physicians
say his death is only a matter of time.
A great many persons estimate that
over twenty- five persons lost their lives in
the Mississippi River, and the chances are
that their bodies will never be recovered.
The number of persons who lost their
lives by being blown from tiatboats, and
were carried down by overturned steam
boats, is problematical, and only when a
ta bulated list of the missing can be made
will the exact number be known.
Hundreds of homeless people slept in
the open air last night. The public build
ings were thrown open for the accommo
dation of the destitute and unfortunate
and these places were crowded to their
fullest capacity. Food for the hungry
was furnished liberally by 'citizens and
keepers of restaurants in the neighbor
hood of these temporary shelters. All
night and throughout this morning hun
dreds and in some cases thousands of
people surrounded the temporary morgues,
and within heartrending scenes were en
acted as relatives came to take away the
remains of their loved ones, and parties
seeking to identify some of the unknown
dead made the rounds of tbe silent forms.
Hundreds of furniture wagons, carts, and
in many cases buggies ana private vehi
cles, were brought into requisition this
morning to move whatever ot the personal
property that can be dug out of the ruins,
or at the risk of the lives of the salvage
corps can be cot from the lower rooms
of residences, tne walls of which are tot
tering and threatening every moment to
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DUNHAM KING
IN THE CANYONS.
The Murderer's Horse Is
Found in Indian
Gulch.
ARMED MEN ON GUARD
AT EVERY PASS.
Ranchers and Vaqueros Join the
Chase Resolved to Show
No Mercy.
VICTIMS OF THE DEMON ARE
LAID TO REST.
Five Bodies Buried in the Family
Flat in Campbells' Little
Cemetery.
BMITHB CREEK, Cal., May 29.-The
entire country up here is aroused and
everybody one sees is armed and on the
outlook for Dun-ham, the slayer of Colonel
McGlincy jnd the members of his house
hold Tuesday night. Along the road from
San Jose one meets numerous men armed
with shotguns, knives and revolvers. The
ranchers are on the outlook for Dunham,
and should he apply for a meal at any of
tneir cabins it ia not lively that he would
leave alive.
About 10 o'clock this morning Sheriff
Lyndon of S.anta Clara and Sheriff Bal
lou of San Louis Obiapo found Dunham's
horse in Indian Gulch, a branch of Sul
phur Creek, ,about a mile and a half from
Smiths Creek. The gulch is about two
miles long, very rucged and very deep.
The horse was grazAg on the side of the
gulch and was turned loose. In the bed
of the gulch was evidence that Dunham
lad camped there over night. Near where
le camped was a piece of rope coiled. The
horse was in good condition, except for
sores on its back. Dunham had evidently
used his coat for a saddle and the rope for
a stirrup. The horse otherwise shows no
signs of the hard trip.
Howard M. Buffiugton, who hsd used
the horse at one time, identified the ani
mal as being the one that Dunham rode.
Dunham is evidently hemmed in. There
are only two ways to escape. He might
go to Livermore by gome.through San Isa
bel, thence through- the Sun Antonio Val
ley, thence southeast through Red Creek
and Arroyo Bayou and come out about
six miles south ot Livermore. Then,
again, he might go over Pine Ridge south
to padrone and come out Dack of the Gil
roy Hot Springs. In that case he might
catch a train in the vicinity of Gilroy and
make his way south.
Sheriff Lyndon's posse here to-night con
sists of Ed Haley, Jim Edwards, Harry
McClintock, Parker, Lord, Al Hanks and
Sheriff Ballou with his bloodhounds. To
the south Constables Coschina, Cottle and
Reynolds are guarding the passes. A
posse is working from Pleasanton toward
Mount Hamilton.
Sheriff Lyndon said to-night that he waa
convinced that Dunham was in the vicin
ity and that he had deserted his horse only
as a last resort He feels certain that Dun
ham is hiding in some of the gulches.
He says that Dunham evidently entered
this part of the valiey by coming through
Evergreen and Halls valleys, and he be
lieves it is only a question of a day or two
before he is captured.
In the morning Lyndon will divide his
force into three or four parties, one of
which will. go through Indian Gulch, and
enter an adjoining gulch. Sheriff Ballou
and his bloodhounds will go to the foot of
Mount Hamilton in the hope of securing
some trace of the murderer. Lyndon will
keep his men in the field until Dunham is
caught or he is satisfied that the murderer
has left this part of the country, and he
will follow his trail to wherever it may
lead.
Detective Frost and Samuel Vane ar
rived here this evening. They left San
Jose this morning ahd returned to
Madroae, whence they took saddle horses
and went through the McDermott ranch
to Backwood Creek and then to Morrow
ranch, returning to 6miths Creek, They
report the ranchers in that vicinity on the
lookout for Dunham.
District Attorney Herington and Juan
Edson arrived here at 9 o'clock to-night.
Herington started from San Jose yester
day with Deputy Sheriff Robert Anderson
and went out through Almaden to Yubs
Creek. Thence they drove to Madrone.
They also report armed men searching in
every direction for the murderer. From
Madrone they went through San Felipe to
Pacheco Pass. HtringJou says that Pa
checo Pass is well tilled with heavily
armed vaqueros and cattlemen.
Sheriff Holbrook of San Benito County
is one of the most determined of tbe man
hunters.
Herington and Edson left here at 11
o'clock to-night, coing up the trail to the
summit. They will remain at Mount
Hamilton all night.
The Sheriff believes that when he starts
in the morning he will have enough men
to guard every avenue of escape. At 9:30
o'clock John Clayton, Consoman, Dittos,
Sweigert and Plummer, all armed with
Winchesters, arrived here and reported
for duty to the Sheriff.
THREATS OF ANGRY MEN.
Enraged Citizens* Hint at a Lynch
ing of Dunham.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The greatest
excitement has prevailed here all day.
The telephone wire between here and
Smiths Creek hotel has been kept hot
from early morning, and rumor has fol
lowed rumor, ringing all the possible
changes that might be got out of the
very thinnest strain of fact. Eirly this
morning the story spread through the
town that Dunham, the slayer of Colonel
McGiincy and family and servants, had
unquestionably committed suicide, aa
shots or a shot had been heard in the
i brush at a point some miles up the trail2
from the hotel at Smiths Creek. This story
was shortly supplanted by another, to the
effect that the murderer had been corralled
in a cabin some twenty-five" m"iles from •
where he was first seen last evening- In
these and the half-dozen tales' that fol
lowed, bloodhounds figured in each in
stance with picturesque effect.
The fact appears that the bloodhounds
have at no time taken the trail of the mur
derer, as until t: is morning he has kept
to his horse and they had nothing to work
upon.
New detachments of Deputy Sheriffs
and independent adventurers have been
starting for the mountains at intervals all
day, every man of them heavily armed
and all certain that they will bring down
the reward. Groups of men who gathered
at every street corner, centered at the cor
ner of First and Santa Clara streets and in
front of the Courthouse, where the tele
phonic messages were said to be coming
in and whence the man-hunters made
their start for the mountains.
The first intelligence of any progress in
this hunt that se mcd to be tangible came
to town over the wire at 5 o'clock and re
ported the return of a posse with the horsa
upon which the murderer had ridden
away. The horse was found in what is
known as Indian Gulch, an almost im
penetrable thicket in the mountains lead
ing up from Smiths Creek toward the
summit.
This story was quickly followed by re
ports of the calling in of the scattered
deputies and the concentration of the men
in the canyon, and, of course, the starting
of the bloodhounds on the trail. Then
there was the report of a pistol and the
expected discovery of tr/e body of the
fugitive with a self inflicted death wound.
None of this could be corroborated by
direct communication with tbe men at the
Smiths Creek Hotel, except that the horee
had been actually found. Tbe vagueness
of all else, the indirectness of answers to
questions, gave rise to the next rumor
which took the form of a theory that Sher
iff Lyndon had in fact captured his man
and was trying to conceal the fact from
the anxious people of this city in order
that he might the better get his man to
town without having to meet the disad
vantage of an excited mob in the street;
for these crowds on the street corners are
something that must be taken into every
calculation with regard to the capture of
Dunham. Nobody has said plainly that
his capture would be quietly followed by
his lynching, but everybody freely says
that it ought to be. The difference between
those two expressions is not a very wide
one.
The passing of the hours has intensified
the interest and excitement. The course
of trade has been greatly affected. There
•seems to be one thought in men's minds,
but one question upon their lips:
"Whet is the news from the moun
tains?"
Out at Campbells the funeral of the five
victims of the murderer was under way.
Throngs of people left this city for the
place and the procession of vehicles repre
sented every variety ot conveyance and
Jeft the livery stables almost empty.
When that procession turned its head this
way again, after witnessing the most
touching and impressive ceremony that
has ever taken place in California, it was
several times its original length. The
people who had gathered, at Campbells
from the surrounding country, when they
had seen the five butchered bodies laid
side by side in that one big, wide grave,
waited, perhaps, until they had tilled it
up. Then they turned their horses'
heads toward »an Jose; they wanted to
hear something of the capture of the mur
derer then.
So as the hours wore on the crowds on
tbe street corners were increased by these
newcomers. It wan said that "all of Camp
bells was in town.'
With the confirmed report of the cap
ture of Dunham's horse, with the added
statement that the Sheriff was close upon
the heels of the murderer, the evening
papers issued extras that were eagerly
bought up and excitement became greatly
intensified. Momentarily the added news
was expected that the murderer had been
captured.
As the afternoon ran down toward dusk
the greatest impatience was manifested
because that news did not come. It was
even reported that the Sheriff was making
arrangements for a long siege. Then came
descriptions of this Indtan Gulch, of
what a mase of brush and undergrowth it
was. and how difficult It was to make any
progress through it, and how it might be
possible for a man to conceal himself in
the brush for days. It was then that the
theory was started that Sheriff Lyndon
was taking precautions; that he had really
captured his man ana was probabl}' on his
way to the city with him, but that he
feared the effect of making the fact known.
So the crowds Kept their places and waited
and watched.
To-night under the electric lights the
crowds were still there, still more ex
SHERIFF BALLOU OF SAN LUIS OBISPO HOLDING HIS BLOODHOUNDS.
[Reproduced from the San Jose Mercury. J
Excited Crowds in Front of the Courthouse in San Jose Eagerly Awaiting News From the Pursuit of
Murderer Dunham.
pectant, more impatient, awaiting some
new developments.
The vicinity of the courthouse and First
and Santa Ciara streets has tbe appear
ance of a cycle meet, so great is the gath
ering of wheelmen. Interest in the details
of the tragedy an<i tbe history ol the par
ticipants is sunk in the one question as to
the quick capture of the murderer.
The story of the horse that had carried
the murderer of the McGlincy family away
from the people who were seeding to
avenge that crime, is worth repeating. 'It
was the apple of the eye of Jimmy Wells,
one of those victims, the son of Mrs.
McGlincy. It was an old horse, but a hardy
one, capable of great endurance. When
Jimmy Wells was a baby, it became his in
dividual property. It followed him where
ever he went abouc the farm, and Jimmy
grew to love the horse as he loved nothing
else except his mother and sister. He
christened him ''Patchen," and Patchen,
the now famous "buckskin," or "clay
bank" horse, became an institution of the
Campbell district, and always identified
with Jimmy Wells.
And Jimmy Wells himself was one of
the most popular yonng fellows of this
district. He was rapidly taking his place
as the first man on the ranch, young as he
was. He was active, cool-headed, gritty,
an athlete, and very ambitious. As he
had giown older his love for Patchen had
increased, if anything, and he always in
sisted upon it having the best of care.
Dunham knew this, and had never tried
to cross Jimmy Wells in this, although the
two disliked each other cordially.
The theory of it is that when Dunham
turned upon the McGlincy family in the
night and destroyed it he took Patchen to
carry him away to safety. He rode him
without a saddle through the mountains
until the sturdy old horse could go no
farther — until great sores were formed
upon his back through the hard riding
and rough usage— and then he turned him
loose in the brush.
What il Jimmy Wells had known to
what uses he was bringing Patchen up?
Howard Burlington, a younsr man liv
ing at Campbells, knew Patchen well and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
had often ridden the animal. Last night
he went up into the mountain to join in
pursuit of the murderer. He was ready
to pledge his honor that he would be able
to recognize the footprints of Patchen.
He demonstrated the truth of what he
said. He rode with a companion, Robert
Hamilton, over the summit of tbe moun
| tain and circled back over the riages, as
iha had been instructed to do. At a point
I a mile from and above the Smith Creek
! Hotel they came upon a place where a
man had evidently camped and allowed
his horse to stop and praze.
The situation was such that the hotel
lay under their eye, and the camper could
have watched what went on there at his
ease. Burlington got down and ixaniined
i the footprints of the horse and rising up
declared:
"Those are Patchen's tracks."
They returned to the hotel and found
Sheriff Lyndon was there and had mado a
find. T.:e Sheriff asked Burlington to go
on into the barn and tell him if he could
identify the animal he found there. He
rode into the barn and there was Patchen.
He addressed the brute by name and it
turned its head and whinnied a- glad
recognition.
Midnight to-night two horsemen rode
down First street irom the scene of the
search, and were almost mobbed by the
crowd at the Santa Clara corner. The
riders were asked as to where the mur
derer wa«. When they replied they did
not know the crowd threatened to pull
them off their horses, and attempted to
do ?o.
The riders were Howard Buffinßton and
Robert Hamilton of Camphellß, who had
been engaged all day in the unsuccessful
search. They told their story to the
crowd and were then allowed to go. They
had had a hard experience, they said, and
had been in places wnere they feared that
! they would be unable to get out, surh was
; the tangle of woods and underbrush.
| Their horses had thrown their shoes and
I they were compelled to come to town.
They will return in the morning.
They report that the mountain is being
scoured thoroughly, and they declare it
strange if the fugitive is able to act away,
provided the patrol is kept up until the
much-wanted man is starved out. Until
then they believe it entirely possible that
he may keep in successful hiding in the
thicket.
ARE LAID TO REST,
Five Victims of the Fugitive Mur
derer Burled.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The fnneral
of five of the victims of James Dunham's
awful crime took place this afternoon at 2
o'clock from the Congregational church at
Campbells, nnder the auspices of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows. Not
withstanding the sensational features of
the deed that caused the death of those
over whom the last rites were to be per
formed, there were but few in the enor
mous assemblage of people who cane to
satisfy morbid curiosity, or who were
present for any purpose other than to do
honor to the dead. Tears moistened the
eyes of hundreds of friends. While this
vast throne was listening to the sad rites
the rumor was being spread that the
slayer of those about to be interred was in
the hands of officers.
It was but a short time after noon when
vehicles goinp toward Campbells were
numerous on all the roads, and at the
hour set for the funeral the roads leading
into Campbells were lined on both sides
with carriages and buggies. At the Mc-
Glincy home there were no services. At
1:30 o'clock the bodies were removod to
the church, followed by a lone cortege.
On arriving at the church the five caskets
were placed in front of the pulpit, and
with them were laid the magnificent, floral
offerings of civic organizations and friends.
The services were entirely under the di
rection of the Odd Fellows, many of whom
were present from the San Jose and Santa
Clara lodges and Morning Light Lodge of
Campbells, of which Colonel McGiincy
had been an enthusiastic and frequently
ho nored member.
After the caskets had been placed in the
church the O'd Fellows riled in and were
seated in the front rows. Then came
members of the San Jose Grange, in which
Colonel McGlincy and family had been
ardent workers for years. Friends crowded
into every foot of space within the interior
of the littlo edifice. All the pall-bearers
were Odd Fellows and were as follows:
With ttie body of Colonel R. P. Mc-
Ghncv— J. H. Corrick, P. Wailcer, Q. W.
Welch, G. B. Johnson, H. B. Hall, J. C.
Lindner.
With the body of Mrs. McGlincy— F. T.
Benson, T. W. Carroll, A. Phillips, Charles
Parker, Kenneth Morrison, W. A. Pepper.
With the body ol James Weils— H. R.
\Vado, T. E. Lovelady, J. P. Jones, C. L.
Willett, Frank Duncan, T. B. Gardner.
With the body of Mrs. Hattie Dunham—
W. J. Huff, Charles E. Cottrell, A. R.
Morrison, D. I. Maddox, J. J. Miller, John
W. Roy.
With thp body of Robert Briscoe— J. P.
Fay, W. McKee, W. E. Hayes, W. Fe
Bracher, J. G. Parks, B. F. Rucker.
The floral offerings were muniuoent and
numerous. Presented by the San Jose
Grange was a piece in the form of an open
book. On the left paire was inscribed in
blue the word "Sister" and on the right
"Brother." ana across both pages were the
words "San Jose Grange." The body of
the piece was of choice white roses.
From the Odd Fellows was another beau
tiful floral offering, being a pillow of roses
about two feet wile and three feet long.
At the top appeared in blue "I. O. O. F.,"
and beneath this was the sentence, "Ven
geance is mine, 1 will repay, saith the
Lord."
Tbe Campbell Literary Society, of which
James Wells had been a very "prominent
and hard-working member, contributed a
floral chair, on the back of which was in
scribed "Jim," the name by which he was
most familiarly known. Mr. and Mrs.
Brewer contributed a beautiful floral piece
on which were the words "Our Loved
Ones." Besides these floral offerings many
others were presented.
While the only near relatives of the de
ceased persons present at the funeral were
Mrs. M. T. Brewer of San Francisco, sister
Ol Mrs. R. P. McGlincy and the infant
child of Mrs. Dunham, there was much
padnesa and tears. The impressive cere
monies were conducted by Past Grand
Master P. F. Gosbey, acting as noble grand,
and M. H. Hyland, acting as chaplain.
The services were opened with an ex
tremely affecting prayer by Rev. William
Windsor. It was ah expression of the
crushing sense of recognition of the in
scrutable features of the tragedy, and es
pecially did he beseech the Almighty on
behalf of tbe infant child, who was left
worse than motherless and fatherless.
The funeral rites of the Odd Fellows
were conducted by Past Grand Master
Gobey and If. H. Hyland. A quartet con
sisting of Mrs Hillman - Smith, Mrs.
Rainey, Professor Rainey and M. A. Boul
ware, rendered the two sacred songs that
had been the favorite-of "Jimmy" Wells—
"Gathering at the River," and"Nearer, My
Goa, to Thee."
Past > Grand Master Gosbcy addressed
the assembly of friends in such an elo
quent and feeling manner that many were
moved to tears. He said:
Let the flag fly at half-mast; let the bell in
yonder church-tower toil the funeral knell;
let the shops and business bouses be closed;
let the farmer, tlio orchardist and tbe granger
join with us in this sad and 6olemn occasion.
Let the official associates lay aside the pen
and with the Odd Fellows lament and mourn
over this distressing occurrence. Let the Im
maculate while and the evergreen impress
this ceremony with nature'! offerings to this
gad occasion.
It seems within the last few days that death
has asserted itself in tornado and cyclone, in
devastation and, catastrophe throughout our
country as never beiore in its history. While
we read with horror of this life-destroying
power we turn to our own fair valley and read,
written In life's blood, a trßgedy more thril
lng and appalling than has ever been recorded
in our State. We point wiih pleasure ana
Eride to oar fruit-laden orchards, our waving
elds of grain and our flower gardens beyond
compare, and now shudder to thmic that a
page so stained and scarred should chronicle
such a cruul and murderous assault.
It was but a few yenr6 ago when, occupying
a position in the San Jose High School,
among tne pupils enrolled was Hattie Wells,
bright, charming and attractive. Her kind
ness and gentle disposition won the esteem
and iiclmiiation of her instructors. The
thought of everything that was good, true
and noble was associated with her name.
In the Eame school was another. Let the
five dead bodies before us respond who he
was, and let e«ch gaping worn <<l tell of him.
Past Grand Master R. P. McGlincy came to
this valley a few years ago from Illinois, and
Joined Ban Jose "Lodge >*o. 34. He had not
been a member long until he impressed his
lTother» with his fortitude, uprightness and
integrity— & true Odd Fellow in every sense of
the word.
It was but a short time until he desired to
have a lodge of Odd Fellows nearer to his
home. He. therefore, organized and formed
Morning Light Lodge in this village. He was
the first noule grand of the lodge. A man of
strong determination, positive in bis ways and
enthusiastic, he soon started the lodge on a
firm Inundation, and it whs my pleasure and
delight, as one of the nrst installing officers on
thai occasion, to sea one so 'well qualified pre
siding over this new lodsre.
In the Grand Lodge two weeks aco, when in
San Francisco, knpwine Brother McGlincy so
well.l appointed him to different offices and on
some committee*, and his service and efficiency
won for him the commendation of the mem
bers of the Grand Lodge,
Lovin* Odd Fellowship as hs did it afforded
him pleasure and delight to see initiated into
our order Brother James Wells, ft boy but 21
years of age, who had learned to appreciate
tne high standing of our order and as soon as
permitted became an active member. Brother
McGlincy well knew that the i:itiueaces ot our
order wouid make of Brother Wells— "Jimmy,"
mhe was familiarly known— a better citizen,
would Influence and shape his future life by
principles of uprightness and integrity and
be to him a companion in the great order
which heJovea.
Mrs. Wells having come to this county in the
pioneer days made a wide circle of friends,
who loved and admired her for her acts of
kindness, her iweet disposition and her gentle
ways.
Before us is also the faithful servant, who,
with the other unfortunate ones, receives
from us a parting tear and this last tribute of
respect which the living can pay to the dead.
As Odd Fellows we raise to the memory of
Brother Past Grand Master McGllncy not a
monument of marble, of granite or of metal,
but that monument which impresses itself
upon the memory of mitn nnd has for its com
ponent parts fidelity, honor, integrity and
brotherly love.
Then the benediction was pronounced.
Hundreds of people were outside the
cnurch, and after those inside had viewed
the bodies the crowd of friends wituout
was granted that privilege. It required a
ha!f hour for the people to pass through
tne little church.
About 200 vehicles were in the cortege
and followed the bodies to t'ae grave. In
this solemn procession were five hearses,
each of which contained its burden.
At the grave in Oak Hill Cemetery the
exercises consisted of tlie usual ritual work
and three selections by a quartet.
The lot is centrally located in the cem
etery. In the center of it Mr. WeJls, the
former husband of Mrs. McGlincy, is in
terred. The new graves were on both
sides of the Wells grave. To one side the
bodies of Colonel and Mrs. McGlincy were
laid. Robert Briscoe was buried in a
grave near that of Colonel McGlincy. Mr-.
jJunham and her brother, James Wells,
were interred in a grave together on the
other side of the Wulla grave.
HIS BABE ADOPTED.
Mrs. Brewer Will Care for Dunham's
Little One.
SAN JOSE, Cal,, May 29.— Mrs. M. T.
Brewer of San Francisco, a sister of Mrs.
Colonel McGiincy, has taken the little
baby of the murderer to rear. Around
this trust must center a profound interest
always, just now the baby is itself the
center of such interest.
This little bit of humanity, nestling in
its nurse's arms, unconscious of the tre
mendous thing that has happened to it,
offers the one touch of pathos in the awful
Btory of the Campbells tragedy. When the
neighbors on that Tuesday night, having
summoned courage to make their way into
the desolated house, with uplifted lanterns
passed from one to the other of the cham
bers of hoirors, they saw no living thing.
Wading in blood to the bedside of Mrs.
Dunham, the young wife, they lifted the
heap of covers that were piled on the bed,
and there by the dead and ghastly form of
its mother lay a little babe, asleep. They
lifted it up and carried it out, away from
the hou«e of the slaughter of all who were
near to it. It was given into the care of
Mrs. Whipple, a neighbor, end she kept
it until the arrival of Mrs. Brewer, the
dead mother's aunt, and she will taKa
charge of and rear it.
Mrs. Brewer was at the funeral to-day,
and will return at once to San Francisco.
Mrs. Whipple's house has beeu besieged
by niesi and women, attracted to the scene
of the tragedy and who turned from the
road to look upon the mite who survived
the slaughter.
IS ME THE DEMON?
Officers Pursue a Bicyclist Who
Resembles Dunham.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 29.— After
the receipt here this morning of a minute
description of James Dunham, the San
Jose murderer, several officers called to
mind that last night a stranger was seen
in town on a bicycle. He had evidently
ridden a long distance, and comparison
showed that in many details he answered
the murderer's description.
At once a posse started out to search for
him, but up to a late hour no trace had
been found of the suspected stranger. If
it were Dunham, he is probably far on his
way south by this time. Tne country
south of here is very unsettled and wild,
and a f-gitive would have little difficulty
in evading' pursuit until he reached the
more thickly settled region about Los
Angeles. ________^____
YOLO COUNTY POLITICS,
Lively Contest in the Primaries
for the Election of
Delegates.
American Protective Association Can
didates Are Defeated at
Wood and.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 29.— The Demo
cratic primaries for the selection of dele
gates to tbe county convention, to be iield
in tbia city on Tuesday next, when eight
delegates to represent the Democracy at
the State Convention will be chosen, was
held throughout Yolo County to-day. It
was a lively contest, the hght being espe
cially warm in Woodland, being between
the regular Democrats and the American
Protective Association. The former were
victorious. The following were elected:
Woodland, precinct No. I—Elias1 — Elias Snavely, J.
H. Martin, F. P. McGrlff, A. C. Huston, L.
Charmak.
Wo. dland, precinct No. 2— C. B. Church, P.
W. Fisher, William Kuhn, H. H. Edmunds, W.
O. Kean.
Wn.idii'nd, precinct No. 3 — R. G. Lcwson, X
A. Hawkins, J. \V. Bandy, F. £. Baker, X. G.
Hughe>, C. K. Dingley.
Woodland, precinct No. 4— R. Alge, R. P.
Wallace, P. Krellenberg, T. M. Prior, f . J. Daas.
West Woodland— John Winters, H. L. Button,
Henry McNeill, R. W. Browning.
East Woodland— Matt Howard, Ephraim
Ciark, W. B. Gibson, J. G. Lee, T. C. Clifford.
l)uuni«an— Thomas M. Leer, P. X. Laugen
our. H. W. Treitay
Madisoa— J. S. Tutt. Thomas Adams, Jesse
Campbell, F. M. Bratton, James Stanton.
Kast Davisvllle — Judge King. Samuel Reed.
West Davisville— M. Riordan, Samuel Mont
gomery, Fred Wilger, M. V. Sparks.
Capay— J. W. Dunc&u, C. A. A. Hilberstein,
Frank Duncan.
Cuuanassa— M. A. Nurse, C. A. Stevens, W. E.
Cole.
Yolo— Charles Laugenour, L P. Diggs, Joe
Cooper.
East Winters — T. J. Crane, John Ely, James
Goodin. T. H. Bratton, E. C. Ru>t.
West Winters— Len D. Nllbilss, R, S. Briggs,
Thomas Guthrio.
Knights Landing— Webb Edson, Frnnk
Young, Cnarlcs Adams, William Amick, Bob
Leathers.
Esparto— John Kennedy. H. W. Butler.
Blacks— J. W. Black, J. W. Clark, D. F. Houx,
1. N. Hershey.
WARSHIPS IN THE LEVANT.
On Hand to Prevent' Trouble Between
Turk* and Christian*.
ATHENS, Greece, May 29.— The British
warship Hood and the French warships
Neptune and Cosmao have arrived at
Canea, where there is serious trouble be
tween the Turks and Christians. Private
advices . have been received to the effect
that steamers conveying Turkish troops to
Crete have passed Syria. ''..'■
It is stated that twenty- five Christians
and four Turits were killed in the fighting
, that took place Sunday and Monday. A
large number cm both sides were wounded.
Mr*. Htitnmond Di/lmj.
JOHANNESBURG. South Afbica, May
29.— 1t was announced to-night that the
condition of Mrs. John Hays Hammond,
wife of the American mining engineer,
who for several days had been ill, had
taken a turn for the worse, and her physi
cians give no hope for her recovery.
Treaaurtf Oola Jitserrt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.-The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $107,403,434. The
withdrawals for the day were $1,919,000 in
gold and there was deposited in gold by
banks in exchange lor currency $1,000,000.
SCENES OF SADNESS '
AT THE MOUND CITY,
I Continued from Flrrt Page. I
bury those beneath. The weather is fine.
The Business Men's League to-day issued
a staiement to the country to the effect
that the disaster will in no way interfere
with the arrangements already made for
the Republican Convention or the housing
and entertainment of the delegates.
Despite the exaggerated stories that
were given circulation during the hour
immediately following the calamity, when
the impression was sought to be conveyed
that all St. Louis had been laid low* and
that the exposition and convention audi
torium had been wiped out, it should be
now definitely known through the coun
try that only a narrow strip across the
Mill Creek Valley was devastated, and
that the principal business portion of the
city is unscathed. The damage to the
structure in which the convention is to be
held is much less than at first anticipated,
and will not exceed $1500, and repairs oan
be completed by the end of next week.
None of the large hotels have been in
jured in any way, and the section of the
city that felt the brunt of tbe storm in
cludes but a handful of houses that have
been placed in the list of contingent extra
accommodations for visitors. More than
nine-tenths of the houses so listed and
covering a radius from half a mile to two
miles west of the Auditorium are in a
district entirely outside the path of the
storm.
Coroner Wait held inquest? al! day. In
each case a stereotyped verdict setting
forward the fact that the deceased had
come to his death, or her death, by injuries
received as the result of a tornado was
returned. Inquests were held also in St.
Louis, the verdicts being in similar terms.
The bodies of Miss Izola Home and
Emma Cheney, stenographers employed
by the Sawyer Manufacturing Company at
Eighteenth and Chouteau streets, who
died clasped in each other's arms, rest
side by siae on a mattress in a boarding
house awaiting advices from relatives.
Miffs Cheney had a brother in Chicago,
while^her mother resides in Montreal.
Miss Minnie Conrad, 22 years of age,
daughter of Lieutenant Conrad of Jeffer
son Barracks, is believed to be among the
kilied. She left home Wednesday after
noon and has not been seen or heard from
since.
While workmen were digging in the
ruins of one of the tenements at Seventh
and Rutger streets, where so much havoc
was caused, an infant voice cried out,
"Please don't be so rough." An opening
was quickly made in the debris above the
spot whence the voice issued and
through its depths a ten-year-old boy lead
ing three girls about the same age ap
peared. All were uninjured, though they
were weak from hunger and confinement
for nearly forty hours. A shout of joy
went up from the crowd and then before
tbe police could ascertain any names the
little ones had been led away. Somebody
asked the little boy as he was disappear
ing how be came to be so lucky, and he
piped in childish accents: "We just fell
on a soft place."
Among the missing reported are George
Howard of Minneapolis and Edward Ray,
a stockholder of the Massilon Bridge
Company of Robinson, 111. Their bodies
are cot among the unrecognized dead at
the morgues.
Tiiere was a conference this afternoon
between Chief of Police Harrigan of this
city and Chief Badenoch and Inspector
Fitzpatrick of Chicago, the two latter of
whom had been instructed by Mayor
Swift of that city to investigate the condi
tion of affairs here and in East fct. Louis,
with a view to rendering any needed as
sistance toward protecting the devastated
districts against the criminal element. As
an outcome of the interchange of opinions,
Chief Badenoch telegraphed to Chicago
ordering the immediate departure for this
city of nine cracfc members of the Chicago
detective corps, and who, on their arrival,
will be detailed to watch the operations of
a number of well-known crooks from East
ern and Western cities.
According to confidential advices re
ceived from various chiefs of police and
detective agencies, many crooks are head
ing for tnis city expecting to reap a harvest
similar to that gathered in by the light
fingered and burglarising fraternity during
the days immediately following the Johns
town flood.
It is also arranged that the Chicago
detectives shall remain in this city until
the wind-up of the Republican National
Convention. While there Has &een no
systematic effort toward pillaging the
devastated district, Chief Harrigan, as
a matter of precaution, to-day swore in
150 specials to assist the militia in pro
tecting the property exposed in the ruins.
The Chicago detectives will be under the
command of Chief of Detectives Desmond,
and the local authorities will co-operate
with those of East St Louis in keeping
the criminal element in check.
In the town across the river the business
men have organized a vigilance commit
tee, and on the telegraph and electric
light poles written notices are posted to
the effect that ghouls and rmrloiners of
property from wrecked houses, business
.^-.,-..-,_.,_. j^_ f> _ n _^^ _ ICEW -T?.* PA 5:^-.^_-^^-,-_- • -...-^-^-
-8 W.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
i
.*' We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral Salts, or which
combines such advantages,' as this water.
"Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F.1.C., Dublin."
"This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than ") d* // /
*11 Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so I jf^^ m **"**r**~ ***.
great that even the smallest dose secures the r V — JjLT^
best results." . J . ■ AT:
■■'.' Sworn Chemist in Buda J*esU
Prices : 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
properties and railroad cars will be given
short shrift and an opportunity of divine;
from the Ead.s bridge into the Mississippi
River. Instructions have altfD been given
to the police of the Illinois city to shoot
on sight every individual caught in the
act of robbing the ruins.
Until to-night measures for the relief
and succor of the poorer classes affected
by the disaster had been lost sight of by
the authorities in the press of duty neces
sitated by the protection of the district in
the path of the storm.
Urgent demands for relief, however, can
no longer be evaded, and accordingly
Mayor Walbridge will early to-morrow
morning summon the Board ol Public Im
provements to his office to devise imme
diate measures for the relief of those who
are suffering or are withiu a few days
likely to suffer as a result of the calamity.
Meanwhile the theatrical profession is
pl.-icing itself very much in evidence.
William J. Baker, exalted ruler of the
famous No. 9 Lodge of the Benevolent
Protective Order of Eiks, has issued a call
for a meeting at headquarters to-morrow
afternoon of all locai members of the or
ganization and members of the theatrical
profession temporarily resident in this
city. At this meeting steps will be taken
toward making a handsome contribution
for the purposes of a general relief fund.
As soon as the intention of the Mayor to
convene members of his cabinet became
known to-night, the managers of Hagan
Theater, Olympic and Grand Opera-house
united in advising the executive that their
playhouses were at the disposal of the re
lief committees.
Similar action was taken to-night by the
managers of the summer theaters.
In East St. Louis there are hundreds of
persons with no homes, no money and
even without a stitch of clothing of their
own to be provided for, and assistance
from other cities will be required.
Mayor Bader said to a reporter of the
United Press:
"There are at least 2500 persons in this
city that aro utterly without shelter, food
or clothing. And what adds to the dis
tress of the situation the majority of
them are very poor people and can barely
manape to live tolerably when they have
ordinary good fortune.
"As near as we have been able to count
up there are nearly 600 houses destroyed,
with not less than from three to six people
in each of them. Their clothing was de-
stroyed — blown away — so was their furni
ture and bedding, and few of them have
money to buy any more.
"\vehave been obliged to appeal through
the United Press to the ontside world for
aid, and I hope it will be responded to
readily, for the emergency is pressing 1 ."
At a meeting of a few representative
citizens last night the sum of $3000 was
subscribed toward alleviating the suffering
of the cyclone victims.
Scores of. tornado sufferers will owe. their
lives to the' tender care and medical aid
that was so freely given them at St. Mary's
Hospital. Upward of 100 men, women
and children, victims of the wrath of the
winds of Wednesday, have been treated in
the hospital. Three persons have died
there, but their condition was hopeless
when they were borne in on stretchers.
The good sisters have been untiring in
their attention to the wounded, and for
thirty-eight hours not one of the twelve
Good Samaritans has thought of sleep.
President Henry D. Sexton of the Work
ingmen's National Bank of East St. Louis,
who has large property interests all over
that city, has made a thorough tour of the
city. He aggregates the losses at $3,500,000,
as follows: Property loss in city, $1,500,000;
losses to railroads, $1,000,000; Wiggins
Ferry Company losses, $1,000,000; total,
$3,500,000.
The large losses of the Wigeins Ferry
Company are upon ferry-boats, wharves,
barges, every ferry approach and cars and
locomotives. Mr. Sexton believes that
while tbe demolition is an irreparable loss
to the owners, it will ultimately prove of
benefit, as modern buildings will replace
the wrecked structures that were two de
cades behind the age.
The following St. Louis schools were
damaged: Clinton School and Clinton
branch, roofs and parts of walls gone;
Peabody, roof and rafters blown off and
part of wall destroyed; Charles, tower
gone; Chouteau, windows blown in; Hod
gen, northwest corner gone; Pesialozzi,
walls and roof damaged ; Grant, roof and
parts of four walls gone; Garfield, snioke-
Btack and parts of the roof destroyed;
New Shepard, roof and walls damaged;
L'Overture, roof and rafters and northeast
brick wall blown away; Marquotte, walls
around smokestack carried away ; Froebel,
roof off, northwest side gone; Wheatley,
part of new addition wrecked; Longfellow,
northeast and northwost walls blown out;
Comptoir, slate roof off; Madison, both
roofs gone.
LIST OF PROPERTY LOSSES.
At Least $20,000,000 Damage Done
by the Storm.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29.— Forgetting
every personal interest that clashes with
the worK of mercy, the people of this city
who escaped the fury of the storm have
incessantly ministered to the suffering of
the luckless thousands. Sihoe the dread
ful twenty minutes of disaster Wednes
day evening no thought has been given
to property losses. The worst is now
known, however, and the work of com
puting material losses has begun. As the
world knows, the greater number of aufferers are small property-owners. These
individual losses are small, but they ag
gregate the larger part of the whole.
A survey of the district made to-day
shows that over 3000 houses have been
damaged or wholly destroyed. These were
mainly residences of the middle class,
small shopkeepers and mechanics.
The damage to church property was par
ticularly severe. Following are estimated
josses to churches: St. John, Nepomuka,
$50,000; Lafayette Park Presbyterian, $16,
--000; Lafayette Park Methodist, $10,000;
Lafayette Park Baptist, $8000; Church of
the Unity. $10,000; Mount Cavalry Episco
pal, $lU000; Memorial German Methodist
Episcopal, $20,000; Holy Cross, Saxon,
$12,000; Compton Hill Congregational^
$1000; Compton Hei hts Christian, $1000;
Bt. Henry's, Catholic, $10,000; St. Paul's
Evangelical, $20,000; Trinity Lutheran,
$18,000; St. Vincent's, Catholic, $3000; Sts.
Peter and Paul, $3000; St. John's Episco
pal, $13,000; Annunciation, Catholic, $106 -
000.
Irresponsible correspondents and sensa
tion mongers have wired to the outside
world preposterous estimates of the losses
here, some reaching the absurd figure of
$60,000,000. The estimates of good archi
tects and reputable real estate dealers
place the property loss around $20,000,000.
An inspection made to-day gives the fol
lowing:
In and along the levee, Main, Second
and Third, from Washington to Market,
the loss will figure up fully $1,000,000.
From Main to Eighth and from O'Fal
lon south to Franklin the loss is $500,000.
A class of hard-working people occupy
this territory. The damage here is pa
thetic.
In trie territory south from Market to
Chouteau, along Broadway and east to the
river front, $1,500,000 will hardly cover the
loss. This is mostly manufacturing and
business property.
Southward along Broadway, from Chou
teau avenue to Lafayette, and embracing a
territory eastward to the river, property
nas been destroyed to the extent of $750,
--000. This includes mostly retail stores and
manufacturing plants.
From the Lafayette-avenue Bank south
to Soulard the storm's fury wreaked awful
vengeance. The loss sustained was $650 -
000.
Hardly a building on either side of
Broadway was spared. They were occu
pied by prosperous retail stores, repre
senting the energy and thrift of a life
time.
Embracing all the districts south of
Soulard, from, the river west to city lim
its, the loss to residence and business
property is estimated at $1,000,000.
Going north again ana taking in all the
territory up to the City Hospital the dam
age figures $1,000,000. In the immediate
vicinity of the hospitah another million is
reached.
Northeast of the hospital property has
been destroyed to the extent of $1,000,000,
while Lafayette Park and vicinity gives
as much more. Westward froni Lafayette
Park and north to Chouteau avenue the
loss is $2,000,000. Down Chouteau from
Jefferson avenue to Seventh street and
north to the railroad tracks $3,000,000 is
the damage.
Along Park avenue, from Tenth to Sev
enth street, and north on Seventh to Mar
ket street, $4,500,000 will about cover the
loss. Distress and disaster through this
section are appalling.
The remaining $4,150,000 is scattered
through the central, western and north
western portions of the city. It includes
damages to churchesand public buildings.
Damage to school property is $100,000.
Nearly all South St. Louis is practically
destroyed. Wrecked buildings and those
partly damaged cannot be repaired.
It will be fully two years before the ef
fects of the hurricane are effaced.
♦
ON THE RIVER FRONT.
Very Severe Loss Sustained Among
the Shipping.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29. —The following
is a list of tiie losses on the river front.
The estimated loss is based on tbe figures
of an experienced steamboat man, who is
in possession of the assessed valuation of
most of the marine properties which suf
fered.
Dolphin No. 2 (towboat) property of
Sheehan Bros. & Loler, $35,000.
Bald Eagle (Illinois River packet)
Schwartz Bros. Commission Company,
$32,000.
Belle of Calhoun (Illinois River packet)
Schwartz Bros. Commission Company,
$25,000.
J. J. Odi), Gill is Bros. Commission Com
pany, $13,000.
City of Quincy, River Club, being re
fitted, $10,000.
Libby Conger (Missouri River packet)
partially loaded, $10,000.
Samuel Club (tug) Wiggins Ferry Com
pany, $6000.
Baton Rouge Belle (tug), Crown Coal
Company, $«000.
The Austria (pleasure yacht) William P.
Seink, $5000.
The Mazelle (pleasure yacht) Hugh L.
Patterson, $3000.
Andrew Christy (ferry-boat) Wiggins
Ferry Company, $17,000.
Napoleon Mullikin (ferry-boat) Wiggins
Ferry Company, $17,000. '
H. L. Clark (ferry-boat) Wiggins Ferry
Company, $20,000.
Tieasure yacht. Diana, Lucas Bros.,
$3000.
i'ive Union Sand Company's barges at
$2500, $12,500.
Three Crown Coal Company's barges at
$2500, $7500.
Seven Wiggins Ferry Company's barges,
$J 7.000. . *
One barge loaded with- grain of the Val
ley line, with cargo, $5500.
City of Pittsburg, Diamond Jo line,
partly lost, $15,000.
City of Vicksburg, Columbia Excursion
Company. $50,000.
Gity of Providence, Columbia Excursion
Company, $20,000.
City of Monroe, Anchor line, $7000.
Henry Sackman, Wiggins Ferry Com
pany. $20,000.
George A. Madill, $23,000.
City Harbor boat, S9Q (0
Polar Wave, Huse-Loomis Ice Company,
$800.
Charlotte Boeckler, lumber boat, $5000.
Jack Frost, small steamer, $3000.
Ice barge, Huse-Loomis Ice Company,
$2000.
Steamer Benton. Captain Rims, $500,
Exporter, Valley Line, $8000.
Harvester, Valley Line, $f*X)O.
Jay Gould (not sunk as reported, but al
most totally wrecked), $5000.
Gray Eagle and Cherokee, which floated
down pelow Carondolct. $1700.
Louis Houck, Henry Ley lie, $500.
St. Paul and the D. H. Pike, $1500.
Kagle Packet Company's wharves, $1000.
Total losses to marine property at St.
Louis, $402,000.
ROSTER OF THE DEAD.
Revised List of Victims of the
Disaster.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29.— The revised
list of the dead in this city as verified by
official reports at midnight is as follows
and may be regarded as absolutely correct:
Alclays August, August Attenmeyer,
Charles Allen, A. C. L. Husband, wife and
daughter.
Berger William, Louis Boeckle, Her
man Bower, Fred Benwell, Mr. Beigust,
Ulrich Becklin, Mrs. Augusta Bolm, Wil
liam Blanchek, Francisco Beligo, Henry
Breisacher, Mr. Bolen.
Crook William, Mrs. Claypool, Annie
Claypool, Ethel Claypool, George H. Chap
man. Charles Craig, A. C. Campbell, Mar
tin Chaddock, George Cecil, Mrs. Carter,
child of Mrs. Carter, Alexander Churin
ger.
Deidrich Peter, Rose Duggan, Michael
Dunn.
Eploff Thomas, Miss Enders, Thomas
Ervin, Joseph Esler, Theodore C. Eimer.
Fiedler Caspar, — Frank, — Fisher,
child of Frank Fisher, Morris Fisher, Her
man Fuller.
Gardner Mrs., Charles Gallagher, James
Goff, Amos Gage, Mrs. Gower, Emma
Gardner, Henry Geagen, Mrs. Julia Gearce,
William Gregory.
Herbert George, D. Hassenfeitz. — Hei
man, Mrs. J. P. Herman, Isabel Home,
Mrs. John Howell, John Howell, Ida
Howell, Maggie Hickey.
Jones Richard, Thomas Jones, Samuel
Jones, Birdie Jacobs.
Kuehling Henry, George Keini,
Lannon William, Samuel Lawhan,
Anna Leva, William Lanamnear, child of
Andrew J. Lienke.
Mauerscheiner Mrs. Catherine, James
Miller, — Morgan, child of Peter Me-
Givney, Thomas Monaghan, Joseph A.
Mauner.
Neimeyer John.
Ottenead Louis, — O'Neil, Mrs. O'Neil,
Miss O'Neil, Augusta Ottensmeier, Thomas
Oates.
Planck William, Catharine Proule, t
Charles Plancheck.
Richardson John, Charles Renedeck, j
Tina Rux, Rehrlein.
Scherbel John, Andrew Smith. Thomas
Smith, married daughter of Mrs. Spill
man, Charles Sudhoff, infant of Mrs. Ber- i
nice Steinkoeller, T. J. Stephens, Charles !
Schmidt, Christopher Steinburg, Samuel j
Semile, Benjamin de Silva, Adam Stein
ketta.
Taylor William.
Vignette Louisa.
Woodruff Sarah 8., John Wapner, '■
Theodore Wells, Terrance Wells. William j
W. Woods, Owen Walters, Michael Wool
sey. Robert Wilson, Mrs.Weiristacker, Miss
Weinstacker, Michael Willis, Lon Zimper.
The revised list of dead at East St. Louis
at midnight:
Anderson Richard, John Anderson, An
drew Anderson, Richard Andrees, Gay
Avery, William Avery.
Bladger Emma, J. C. Brown, Mrs.
Barr, Mrs. Brewer, Mrs. Henry Bladger,
Mike Brucker, Miss Butler, Mrs. Patrick
Bean, Mrs. Brice, John Breen, Robert
Blano.
Gage Amos. Mrs. Robert Gage, Emma
Gladshaw, Henry Gladdue, Emma
Gladdue, Martin Ghibb, George Gerhart,
M. K. Gilligan.
Hearn John C, Humphrey, Scott
Hayward, William Hartigen, J. E. Heine,
John Huran, John Hayes, Mrs. William
Hayes, Julius H. Hughes, John Hawley,
Mrs. Schilda Haywood, Mrs. Hardigan.
Kildea Michael, John Kent, Ira Kent,
— Kavanaugh, M. H. Keefe, Jacob Kurtz,
C. Potter.
John Reed, Henry Rose, L. Richardson,
John Reams, Frank Ross, Mrs. Roof, W.
A. Rice, Charles Rothe, George Rice, J. B.
Richardson, Mrs. Belle Rickey.
Stark William. Philip Strieker, John
Snow, Amelia Sniber, William Suber,
David Sage, Mrs. Carrie Sage, Mrs. Stock,
Martin Spellman, William Sullivan, Mrs.
Smocke, Mrs. William Sullivan, —
Spring, Henry Spricker, John Sullivan,
Mrs. E. Sullivan.
Connolly Trudy, Major Corrigan, Irene
Clendenin, George Chapman, Charles Car
roll.
Dilligan Mike, Joseph Duffy, Ed Duffy,
Mrs. Mary Dean.
Evaiis Mary.
Franks Joseph, James Flanagan, Willie
Free, H. Fleming, F. A. Fries, W. C. Far
reli, John Frawley.
Griffin Thomas.
Kumre Mrs., J. E. Keene, Jacob Kintze,
Mre. Kinnell.
Lee Mrs. Mary, George Lncky.
Morgan Clarence, F. Murray, J. W.
Murray, John Mitchell, P. J. McCain,
Francis McCormack, Jack McCaul, Frank
J. Murphy, Miles Mitchell, Joseph
Mitcliell, M. J. Murray.
Null Dr. C. E., F. A. Nicolls of Cincin
nati.
O'Brien Edward, child of Arthur
O'L«ary.
Porter I. N., 10-year-old son of I. N.
Porter, J. A. Polter, woman aged 40
(Hannibal).
Sullivan Mrs.. J. F., child of Joseph
Stevens, R. E. Simmons, W. F. Smith,
George State, Mrs. George State, Stella
Steper, Mrs. B. Sleser, John Stipel.
Trump Daisy, Mabel Trump, Mrs.
Trump, Mr. Trease.
Vogt Henry, Albert Volkman, John
Valentine.
Winterman Henry, Cnarles W. Wait,
child of Charles W. Wait, Peter Walmsley,
Mrs. E. W T aldron, Captain James Whicher,
— Windley, Benjamin Weis.
Unidentified— A man about 30, cab
driver 25.
ST. LOUIS IS THANKFUL.
But the Missouri City Can Care for
Its Own.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29.— Mayor O. P.
Waibridg6 gave out the following to-day:
"It is not practical to make individual
answer to the vast number of friends who
have telegraphed sympathy and offering
us assistance. Through the medium of
the United Press St. Louis sincerely
thanks tbe city's many friends for the in
terest they have shown and their proffers
of aid.
"The people of our city are confident of
their ability to properly care for all the
sufferers from the recent tornado, and
heroic efforts are being made to that end.
No accurate estimate of the loss of prop
erty can now be made, but it is safe to say
that the loss as reported by the press out
side of St. Louis has been greatly overesti
mated, -a P. Walbridge Mayor.
Coroner Wait has been constantly on
duty since Thursday morning. The pro
cession of the de.;d is passing under re
view before him like the last resurrections
were passed upon in an official and per
functory way. The pathos usual on such
occasions was redoubled, intensified by
the surrounding throng of waiting rela
tives, waiting till unsympatnetic official
ism had released their dead,
There were ninty-four unfortunates
passed under the onleal of this necessary
inspection. The Coroner and assistants'
were merciful, even delicate, in their
treatment of the dead before the living j
relatives. When th< unknown were reached
the Coroner ceased from hiß work, waiting
for identification. There yet remain
eleven bodies on the slabs.
At 2 o'clock this morning two floaters
were picked up at the foot of Destrahan
street, which are supposed to be members
of wrecked boat crew*.
A family of four lived at 716 Barry street
Wednesday morning. When the cyclone
had passed there was but one survivor.
Mrs. Matilda Rux (aged 56 years), her
daughters Jennie (17 years) and Mary (16
years) and John Lablien (aged 44 years)
occupied the dwelling. As the blast seized
the house and partly lifted it Mary sprang
from the door. The others started to foi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
low, but tbe roof fell and crushed them to I
death. The surviving daughter stood on
the street, wringing her hands, frantic
from grief and refusing to be led away.
Neighbors told the story this morning.
♦
DEATH OF FATHER HEAD.
Was Fatally Injured by a Church's
Falling Timbers.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 30.— Shortly after
midnight Rev. Father J. J. Head, pastor
of Annunciation Church, Sixth and Laaalle
streets, died of the injuries received by
falling timbers in the disaster Wednesday
night. Father Head and sister were sit
ting in the parochial residence when the
roof of the church was blown onto the
house.
A falling timber struck the pastor's
head and he was otherwise seriously in
jured. It was thought at the time that
be was not seriously injured. He failed to
rally.
Roy Claypool, son of Mrs. Daniel Clay
pool, who, with her two children was
killed by the storm, died at the Citizen's
Hospital on Friday night.
Young Claypool was not Injured by the
storm, having been placed in the hos
pital Thursday to be treated for an ail
ment, but when he heard that his mother
and two sisters had been killed, the little
fellow began to grieve and this caused his
death.
ALL KILLED BUT ONE.
Sad Fate of the Munn Family of
Lincoln, Mebr.
LINCOLN, Nebb., May 29.— 0n the 16th
of the present month 8. P. Munn and his
family moved from this city to St. Louis,
and all but one of the entire family were
killed in the St. Louis tornado. There
were thirteen children in the family. One
son, Fred, was left here and is still in the
city, ana one of the boys, Frank, escaped j
death, but the father, mother and eleven !
other children met death in the awful
catastrophe. This sad news was received
by Fred Munn to-day in a letter from
Frank, who had an almost miraculous
escape from the fate of the other members
of the family. The St. Louis address of
the family is not given. S. P. Munn was
a Lincoln contractor and lived here many
years.
SOME SMALLER CYCLONES.
Houses Demolished and Several Per
sons Perish.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 29.— A dis
patch 'received to-day from the agent of
the St. Louis and Hannibal Railroad at
Bowling Green, Mo., states that the tor
nado struck eight miles from that city,
unroofed the depot at Burryville, demol
ished several houses and killed one
woman.
.FERRY, O. T., May 29.— Pawnee, thirty
miles east of here, is reported to have been
struck by a tornado which killed and in
jured half a dozen citizens and smashed
all window-lights facing north and west.
Hailstones four inches in circumference are !
said to have fallen and done great dam
age. Many houses and barns are reported
wrecked in the country around Sheridan,
but no one is known to be dead.
■- «
ST. LOUIS SUFFERERS.
Contributions Received by " The
Call " for Tneir Relief.
The sympathy for the sufferers by the
recent terrible cyclone at St. Louis is
evidently both deep and widespread. For
their relief the first contributions of San
Francisco are now just beginning to coma
into the office of The Call.
The sum of $11 was received yesterday
from Cohl Brothers, Louis Cohn and H.
L. Judell, accompanied by the following
letter, addressed to the editor:
Dear Sir: Having read in the columns of
your valuable journal of the dreadful calamity
which has so recently befallen tlie inhabitants
of the city of St. Louis, and realizing that
many of them are left in dire distress, we feel
that all possible aid should be 'eiven them.
We accordingly inclose herein the sum of $11
to be applied to their relief.
GALLANTLY MET THE TEST.
In Quickness and Accuracy the
United Press Triumphed.
HARTFORD, Con*., May 2!).— The
Hartford Times yesterday said editorially :
Yesterday and again this morning the
press associations of the country were put
to the test in a striking way. The terrible
bridge disaster at Victoria, B. C, result
ing in a loss of over fifty lives, was covered
by the United Press in a dispatch which
occupied nearly a column in a!l the morn
ing newspapers receiving its service in the
East. We find in the Baltimore Hun
| (Associated Press) of yesterday morning
j eleven lines of rather indefinite reference
,to the awful event at Victoria. The
Philadelphia Inquirer went to press with
out any mention of the news. The Phila
delphia Times covered it by means
of a special dispatch. The Boston
• Journal, in its later edition, man
aged to publish an account, which
was perhaps half as good as that
in the United Press papers. It was a re
markable failure for the Chicago concern
in a field where it is supposed to have
great advantages for collecting the news;
but its failure is almost eclipsed by that of
this morning in dealing with the great
disaster at St. Louis. Last night, if ever,
the Western Associated Press should have
demonstrated its ability to surpass and
overwhelm the rival association. The
fact that it was unable to prepare and
transmit to the morning newspapers a
satisfactory story of the disaster, while
the United Press papers were supplied
with a craphic account, crammed with
facts and details of the in iury done, should
settle finally any question that may have
been raised in the mind of any newspaper
reader regarding the comparative effi
ciency and value of the two press asso
ciations.
TORONTO, Ontabio, May 29.— The To
ronto World, one of the most enterprising
newspapers in Canada, has an editorial
this morning lauding the United Press
news service. It says in part:
The capacity of the United Press
agency for handling live news may be
seen from its report of the terrible disaster
at St. Louis. The catastrophe occurred
late Wednesday afternoon, and every iine
wired by the United Press agency Lad to
be carried to a telegraph office two miles |
outside of St. Louis, all the wires in that I
city having been disabled. The World j
must congratulate the United Press on the I
splendid and complete reports under such |
difficult conditions. As it was the details j
of the catastrophe came along as fast as
the operator could take them from the
wire, and the World was Consequently en
abled to present its readers on Thursday !
morning with the whole story of the great i
St. Louis disaster.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 29.— The Even
ing Press to-day says: The superior tele
graph facilities of the Evening Press have !
been demonstrated on various occasions, j
witb its magnificent United Press service'
but never more thoroughly than in the
complete and reliable reports of the St.
Louis disaster in last night's edition. The
account was certainly without a r ival in
this city.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 29.— The Bee says
editorially to-day: The superior report
in yesterday's Bee of the St. Louis storm
tragedy cannot have failed to escape the
notice of the most casual reader, if he took I
the pains to .make & comparison. In every I
way was the United Press report far better
than that of the Associated Press, which
was beaten at every turn from the details
to the grand summing up.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 29 —
The Gazette to-morrow will publish the
following editorial, which is self explana- |
tory:
Now, that the great cyclones are over,
■we think it is not out of order to call
special attention to tlie admirable way in
which they have been reported by the
United Press, whose service the Gazette
enjoys. The night of the cyclone in St.
Louis the Gazette received from the United
Press and printed the next morning one
of the fullest and most comph-te reports
of the storm that has ever been made of
anything of the sort. Lists of the build
ings destroyed, estimates of the loss, a
particular account of the track of the
storm and an excellent description of
it were among the features of
this report It has been supplemented
since with the most definite and particu
lar accounts of losses and the most ac
curate details of everything e>^ential
to be known. Of course it is the business
of tbe United Press to gather news, but
the excellence of its service can only be
appreciated by a comparison of the ac
counts it has sent out of tbis disaster with
the corresponding accounts sent out by
the Associated Press, and printed in the
Denver papers. This latter organization
seemed to be paralyzed by the size of the
event; tlie United Press rose to meet the
emergency, as it always does, and sent
out the best report of it which has ever
been given to a similar catastrophe.
WHAT CAUSES CYCLONES.
These Terrible Storms All Form In
the Arid Southwest.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
Call correspondent had an interesting in
terview to-nighi with acting Chief of the
Weather Bureau Dunwodie, anent the St.
Louis tornado and cyclones in general.
He said:
"The St. Lonis cycloDe— for tornadoes
and cyclones are practically the same — was
fortunately forecasted by the Weather
Bureau as early as 10 o'clock jresterday
morning. After the morning map had
been made up, conditions were discovered j
that gave rise to a suspicion that cyclonic \
elements were forming in the very heart j
of the region that has of late years been ;
marked by so many of these terrible vi^ita- I
tions. A storm of considerable magnitude i
and intensity was on its slow progress
from southwest to northeast with its cen
ter over the greater part of the States of
Nebraska and Kansas.
"The following telegram was sent at 10
o'clock yesterday morning by the acting
chief of the bureau to Professor Garriottof
Chicago, who is in charge of the district of I
the Mississippi Valley and middle States: ]
•Conditions favorable for severe local j
storms in the States of the lower Missouri !
and Mississippi Valley, southern and j
western Illinois and lowa this afternoon |
or to-night. It might be well to announce |
dangerous conditions in special telegram's
if you have not already <ione so.'
"A duplicate of this dispatch was sent
to Professor Willis L. Moore, chief of the
bureau, who was at that hour in Kansas i
City on an official errand. Professor Gar- '
riott acted immediately on these instruc
tions, and shortly after 9 o'clock, Chicago
time, he issued the following special fore- i
cast to every station within his district:!
'Thunderstorms, severe m localities, fore- j
casted this morning for the States of the
lower Missouri, middle and upper Missis
sip;>i and lower Ohio valleys and this sec- i
tion.'
'•These tornadoes need moisture in or
der to develop. The storms that give !
them birth are formed in the treeless !
plains of the arid Soutnwpst, and there j
they are severe sand blasts. The wind
blowt straight ahead at a high rate for
hundreds of miles without meeting an
obstacle. Nearing the valleys of great
rivers, however, they begin to draw moist
ure into them, clouds form, velocities in
crease and cyclone conditions gradually
form. The wind sweeps down the slope
of the Rockies from the northwest to feed
the fury of the storm. At the same time
there floats from the gulf a moist wind,
supplying the voids formed on the south
ern section of the great whirl. Tnese cur.
rents usually encounter each other on the
southwestern edge of the general storm.
A region of unstable equilibrium is formed.
There creaks off from the main whirl a
secondary twist of wind and rain, and the
tornado is upon the people without warn
ing.
"Tbe cyclone area for the spring is
bounded on the west by about the hun
dredth meridian, and on the east by about
i the eighty-fourth. West of the hundred
line there is not sufficient moisture to
I create the tornadoes. East of the eighty
fourth the disturbances meet the Alle
ehany mountains and are broken up.
They often drift off, too, into the north
east, beyond the reach of the influences
that make the valley section so prolific of
I cyclones."
The Call correspondent was told how
these destructive tornadoes occur. They
usually follow the path of the general
storm conditions that move slowly from
west to east, or, as in this case, from south
west to northeast. At this time of the
year tftese storms are quite frequent
and cyclonic conditions may be produced
at any moment whil ■ such disturbance is
passing over the country. During April
and May t!ie cyclone area is subject to
visitations of thia character at almost any
hour. It is notable' that in each of the
four cases that have occurred during the
past few days, storms have broken in
their intensity in tbe late afternoon or
evening, just as it is common for
severe thunderstorms to develop in
this section from 4 to 6 o'clock, after
the lieat of the day has become intense.
The cyclone or tornado is caused by the
meeting of two currents of air coming
from two different directions. •
Sometimes these fierce tornado-like
storms occur in the South. That is be
cause the ordinary track of winter storms'
in eastern sections of the country is from
the gulf northward or northeasterly. Fre
quently in July cyclonic disturbances take
place in the middle Atlantic States, but
not with the fury that characterizes the
blasts of the real cyclone region, where !
winds have a sweep of a thousand miles I
before meeting an obstruction. The ques
tion has often been asked, of late, whether I
these storms are not becoming more fre
quent, and wi ether they are not in some
way due to an increase of city conditions, i
The anpwer given to these queries by The
Call correspondent was that, so far as j
known, ther* are no more storms now
than ever before; and the handiwork of
man on the face of the earth is not of the I
slightest account in the formation of the |
terrible disturbances. It has been thought
that perhaps the heat oi a great city, such
as St. Louis, might be a factor in attract
ing violent conditions. The scientific an
swer is that the difference caus d in the
general atmosphere by the artificial heat
of a great c'ty is of the very smallest mo
ment when these gigantic riots of the ele
ments occur. They seem to be more fre
quent now than before merely because
they are more fully and accurately re
ported.
Cyclones are by no means modern in
ventions. They have been as long as the
world has existtd, but when the country
was avast uninhabited waste, covered with
great forests, they swept and tore and de
stroyed, without leaving their marks in
history. Perhaps the cutting down of
trees has had something to do with the
modern violence of the utorms, but they
would occur whether the face of the land
was wooded or barren.
MANY TORNADOES
IN ONE CYCLONE,
How the Swirling Angry
Storm Is Born in the
Atmosphere.
FUNNEL-SHAPED CLOUDS
Light, Moist Airs of the Surface
Meet Cold and Dense
Currents.
ROTARY MOTION IMPARTED.
Premonition of Peril in the Hush
That Precedes the Tor
nado's Burst.
The tornado which wrought such dis
aster in St. Louis last Wednesday evening
was one of several developed by the
cyclonic conditions which have prevailed
for the past two weeks in the great basin
lying between the Alleehany Mountains
on the east and the Rocky Mountains on
the west. A cyclone may have a breadth
of 500 miles, but the tornado, a fierce
storm often possessing rotary motion, is
developed within the area of the cyclone.
Sometimes a powerful wind attaining a
velocity of seventy or eighty miles an
hour and causing great damage is called
a tornado, but it is not so in fact.
Mr. Hammond, the United States
Weather Bureau in San Francisco, was
stationed at St. Louis for many years and
had ample opportunity to study atmos
pheric disturbances in that region of tbe
Mississippi Valley. His views concerning
the development of tornadoes are interest
ing. He says:
"Tornadoes always occur to the south of
the storm center and almost always a little
east of the general cyclonic storm. The
center of the storm is lightest and the air
flows in all directions toward it, but owing
to the effect of the earth's rotation these
currents are deflected to the.right as they
move toward the storm center. The air
from the south and east is moving from
the south and is warm and moist, both of
which conditions tend to make it light.
The air behind or to the west side of the
storm is moving from tho northwest. It
is much colder and consequently denser.
The whole storm is moving in an easterly
direction, but the center or axis of the
storm about which the air is flowing iv all
directions drags behind, near the surface,
thus causing the axis of the storm to lean
toward the east. Consequently the north
i west wind in the rear of the storm, at a
i considerable elevation above the ground,
j overlaps the south wind near the surface.
1 Thus a colder, denser mass ot air
| flows over the lighter air underneath
■ and forms a condition of unsta-
b le equilibrium. The lighter air is
i pressiiiy upward to escape, but is confined
■ under the mass of cold air above which is
' continually increasing. Ultimately the
i pressure of the warm air underneath
i Dreaks through above, and in the rush of
| the escaping current a rotary motion is
: imparted. The light air charged with
I moisttm comes suddenly in contact with
j tbe dense, cold air and condensation of I
the moisture ensues immediately. This
; may account for the deluge which* accom
: panics the tornado."
Mr. Hammond believe? that the hail
and rain and general friction oi the air '
currents produce the electricity.
.The baronietic variations during a tor
nado hive not been closely studied as the
i observers are not thinking of making ob
[ servaiion in the midst of the roar and
( swirl of the siorm. It is saiit that a good
barometic trace of the center of a storm
has never been taken on land. The best
ever obtained by the United States Signal
j Service was at the Little Rock tornado.
There the barometer registered a sudden
fall of a half-incii. The depression was
very great and rapid.
In scientific parlance a hurricane and a
! cyclone are the same. One cyclone ex-
J tending over a great area of country may
1 create as many as fifty tornadoes. The
; funnel-shaped cloud, or what appears to
the vi-ion as a cloud resembling a great
funnel, is not so shaped. The condensa
tion of moisture above gives the cloud
thia resemblance, but as a matter of fact
thi: swirl is no larger at the top than at
the bottom.
Before the later dispatches were received,
I giving the exact movement of the tornado
| which swept over St. Louis, Mr. Hammon
j outlined its course, and the subsequent
accounts Ly wire verified the correctness
of his outlining. He traced the streets
and avenues running from the river —
Lafayette, Chateau, Poplar, Clark, Elm,
.Market, Chestnut, Pine, Olive Locust and
Washington. He traced also the streets
running north and south, or following in
some degree the course of the Mississippi
River, to wit: Main, Broadway and the
numbered streets to Twenty-sixth, Jeffer
son avenue, the numbered streets again to
Thirty-ninth street and Grand avenue,
out to Kings Highway and Fifty-second
street. He pointed out the wharf - boat
stations below the Eads bridge, where the
steamers of the Jo Diamond line land,
and where the excursion-boats lay, and
figured correctly that the tornado came
) from the southwest.
In St. Louis, Market street running
from the river west is tbe central thorough
fare, from which streets running at right
angles begin numbering. The storm, it
appears, wrought the greatest destruction
south of Market, and must have swept
down the valley of Mill Creek from the
southwest. The damage caused noithof
that street, at the racetrack and other
places, was probably done by the fierce
northwest wind which preceded the tor
nado from the southwest. The accounts
by wire from St. Louis distinctly refer to
an east wind which btew for a short time,
then the lull, followed by a roaring blast
from the northwest. After this veering of
the elements there was a short season of
calm before the great tornado came from
the southwest in all its force and fury.
Mr. Hammon contends that the tor
nado which crossed the Mississippi River
in Pike County was wholly independent
of the storm which struck St. Louis. He
also inclines to the opinion that the tor
nado at Evansville, Ind., was a local tor
nado generated by atmospheric conditions,
which then extended throughout the cy
clonic area
A tornado soon loses its force after the
warm, light air nea.r the surface of the
ground escapes. The temperature then
falls and tbe winds subside. It is well
known to all persons who have lived for
years in the Middle West -the region com
monly known as the .Mississippi Valley —
that the tornadoes or so-called cyclones
are preceded by a close, warm, Bultry day.
The lower strata of air becomes warm as
tbe day advances, hence it is quite com
mon tr»r the elements to be, at the close of
the day, in a condition favorable to an
explosion.
The theory of United States signal ob
servars that the electricity is produced by
rain and hail i* not borne out by inde
pendent observation. Often in the West
one will observe the flashes of lightning
before the clouds are formed into dense
masses and before any rain falls. At times
the storm will begin with a roar of thun
der, peal after peal, as if .the elements
were marshaling for an onslaught behind
the cannonade.
One of the most graphic pen pictures of
* tornado ever produced was contributed
by John J. Ingails to the Kansas Maga
zine, a publication which had a cyclonic
existence in the early seventies. ".From
that description an artist might paint a
tornado, indicating the fury of the light
ning and the trembling masses of angry
clouds. The hush or calm which imme
diately precedes the burst of a tornado is
the most oppressive silence in the world—
a silence that one can feel. Not only do
men feel it as a sort of premonition of
disaster, but dumb brutes, by that sense
•which is called instinct in the absence of •
any other definition, seem to understand
that peril is impending. .
The United States Weather Bureau has
the following record of deaths by storms
in the United States since 1890:
1890.:. .' . . 275
1891 ............... .."i" 108
is.*-.* .:;:...:: -....276
1893 ....399
1894 ..".... 5536
S EIFERT HAS GONE HOME.
He. Say* He Does . Sot Intend to Live
With Hi* Wife.
YOUNGSTOWN. Ohio, May 29.— Henry
Seifert, the wealthy Youngstown (Ohio)
farmer, has arrived here. He has been
seen by only a few of his intimate friends.
He said his second attempt at matrimony
was a failure, and that after just three
days of wedded bliss on the coast he sud
denly made up his mind to leave Mrs.
Seifert No. 2. He said he tired of the love
which was developed by the result of a
matrimonial agency.
Some time ago an agent for a Chicago
matrimonial paper appeared at Seifert' a
farm, near here,. and solicited an adver
tisement, saying be would get Saifert a
rich young wife for 1.
Seifert's first wife died some time ago,
and he seemed lonesome, and invested the
dollar. »Soon, tie claims, a woman named
Louise Fumfort appeared, and he after
ward married her at Warren, a place four
teen miles from here. Seifert claims he
never saw her before.
The farm was valuable, and was sold for
cash. A daughter claims her father got
$16,000 for farm and stock. Since his mar
riage and departure West the children
felt uneasy lest something would happen
him. He was advised not to marry.
To-night a letter was received by Chief
of Police McDowell from A. Morganthal,
an attorney, asking about Seifert and if he
intended deserting his wife- Chief Mc-
Dowell has been unable to locate him, but
a Cali^ man saw an intimate friend to
whom Seifert »aid his second matrimonial
venture was a failure, and he did not in
tend going back. to his bride in the far
West. .
MANLEY DENIEN A RUMOR.
Saym the Convention Will Undoubtedly
Re Held at St. J.omt.
AUGUSTA, Me., May 29.— J. H. Man
ley was seen this afternoon in reference to
to a dispatch from Washington saying that
Chairman Carter had called a meeting of
the executive committee of the National
Republican Committee to settle the ques
tion whether the National Convention
called to meet at St. Louis June 16 should
be deferred or removed to some other city
owine to the recent disaster at £t. Louis.
Mr. Manley said he had heard nothing
ot it; that he himself was chairman of tbe
executive committee, and in addition was
chairman of the sub-committee which had
charge of all arrangements for the conven
tion hall. lie had received two dispatches
from St. Loui; stating that the conven
tion hall had not been injured; that it
would be ready for the convention on the
16th of. June. Mr. Manley added:
"In my judgment the committee does
not possess the legal power to defer the
convention.or change it. I have no doubt
that the convention will meet in the con
vention hall erected for the purpose in St.
NEW TO-DAY.
Soil? f be Procession
That's moving toward the Columbian Woolen
Mills, irresistibly drawn by the alluring bargains
offered this week.
Men's All-wool Round-cornered Sack Suits, a bargain
at $10, but this week only we're selling them at $6 50.
Light-colored Trousers, stripes and' solid colors, this
week, $1 85. . •
A few Overcoats, light weights, small sizes, 34, 35, 36
breast, made to retail at $12. This week, $5 50.
A few Light Tan and Brown Clay Worsted Overcoats
in small sizes, 34, 35, 36 breast, sold regularly at $15. This
week they go at $9.
All above bargains are for THIS WEEK only, sale
ending (this) Saturday night at 10 o'clock
We have but one branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery st.
Keep away, from the frauds who imitate our name and
methods. • •
woo ifiifkiikks
' *.<s& it 1 111 C S&>6
— -- — — "^~~- — ■'< . . ■ "I— 2
Louis on the 16th of June and proceed to
transact the business which calls it to
gether." -;-; ■.-,-*:;
♦ — ■
CANNOT BE BUILT.
Sot Enough M Money for a Hew Torpedo
Cruiser. ;
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.— A Herald
special from Washington says : {secretary
Herbert has given up the hope of being
able to build a torpedo cruiser in accord
ance with the act of June 30, 1890. By this
act an appropriation of $350,000 was made
for the construction of a vessel of .750 tons
displacement, having a. speed of not less
than twenty-three knots. The department
at the time was unable to find any one will
ing to build a ship in accordance with the
provisions. of this act, and the money has
remained unexpended.
Recently, Secretary. Herbert gave con
sideration to the act authorizing the con
struction of this vessel. The matter was
referred to the chief of the Bureau of Con
struction and Repairs anu the chief of the
Bureau of Steam. Engineering, and it is
their report that has caused the Secretary to
abandon the idea of building the vessel,
unless Congress agrees to make certain
modifications in the act authorizing her.
r- : — ' '» — °£K!Bi
GOOD FOR SANTA BARBARA.
She Stand* a Good Chance of Being Made
a Sub-Port of Entry. -'. :.- y
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.—Har
rison Gray Otis, editor of the Los An
geles Times, with his wife, is among to
day's arrivals. He will remain in the
East until the St. Louis convention, which
■ he will attend. The bill of Representa
! tive McLachlan, to make Santa Barbara,
Cal., a sub-port of entry, has been re
ported favorably to the House, and if Kern
of. Nebraska ceases his unreasonable ob
jections to calling up bills of • this char
acter McLachlan hopes to pass it.
M. Kinser was to-day appointed Post
master at Montpelier, Stanislaus County,
California, vice Anna B. Cooper, resigned.
Pensions— California : Original — Thomas
! Flynn, San Francisco. " Aditional (special
May 20), Benjamin Keller, Clovis. Res
toration, reissue and increase Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. Original widow —
Conception O. Valdez, Santa Barbara.
;—; — • — —
Mu.it Produce Certificates.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 29,-Attor
ney-General Harmon has rendered two
opinions construing recent laws regulat
ing the return of Chinese to this country.
In the case of Chinese laborers he holds
i that, if they don't return within a year,
they must produce certificates from the
' Chinese Consul at the port of departure
j from the United States; that their delay
] in returning was beyond their control.
! This case arose from Burlington, Vt.
In the case of Chinese merchants the
second decision holds that they may pre
sent a certificate from the Chinese Govern
ment, or from the Government in which
they last resided, showing their right tore
enter the United States.
♦
MOSCOW YET THEONGED.
But Soon There Will Be a Transfer of
Festivities to. St. Petersburg.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 29.— This morn
: ing the imperial regalia which was used
i in the . coronation . ceremonies .in the
| Cathedral of the Assumption last Tues
j day were erred from the tnroneroom
j in the Kremlin palace to their depository
lin ' the treasury. The ceremony attending
j the- transfer was similar to that employed
j last Monday, when the regalia was taken
to the throneroom. . The regalia will
later be taken to St. Petersburg •to be
used in the ceremonies which will take
place after the return of the Emperor and
Empress to the capital.
A reception was given to the distin
! guished' ladies attending the coronation
i festivities by the Emperor and Empress
;at 1:30 o'elork this afternoon in the
! palace of the Kremlin. The weather con
• tinued bright and clear, and i the streets
are still filled with visitors.
34
THE PRESIDENT
USES THE VETO,
Disapproves of the River
and Harbor Appropria
tion Bill.
STATES HIS OBJECTIONS
The Immediate Expenditure of
$17,000,000 From the
Treasury.
VAST AMOUNT FOR CONTRACTS
Says the Measure Is "So Extravagant
as to Be Especially Unsuited to
These Times."
WASHINGTON, D. 0., May 2a— The
President to-day sent s message to the
House vetoing the river and harbor appro
priation bill. In his message the Presi
dent says that the bill contemplates the
immediate expenditure of $17,000,000, and I
continues:
"A more startling feature of this bill is j
its authorization of contracts for river and j
harbor work amounting to more than J
$♦32,000,000. Though the payments on j
these contracts are in most cases so
distributed that they are to be met by fu
ture appropriations more than $3,000,000
on their account is included in the direct
appropriations. Of the remainder neces
sary $20,000,000 will fall due during the
iircal year ending June 30, 1898, and I
amounts to somewhat less in the years j
immediately succeeding.
"A few contracts of a like character
authorized under previous statutes are still
outstanding, and to meet payments on ;
these more than $4,000,000 must be appro- I
priated in the immediate future. If, there- j
fore, this bill becomes a law, the obliga- j
tious which will be imposed upon the
Government, together with the provisions
made for expenditures on account of rivers
and harbors, will amount to about $80,000,
-000.
"Nor isthis all. The bill directs surveys
and examinations which contemplate new
work and further contracts and which
portend largely increased expenditures
and obligations. In view of the obliga
tion imposed upon me by the constitution
it seems to me quite clear that I only dis
charge a duty to our people when I inter
pose my disapproval of the execution pro
posed.
"Many of the objects for which it appro- j
priates public money are not related to the
public welfare and many of them are pal
pably for the benefit of limited localities
or in the aid of individual interests.
"I learn from official sources that there ;
are appropriations contained in the bill to
pay for work which private parties have |
actually agreed with this Government to j
do in consideration of their occupancy of
public property.
"Whatever items of doubtful propriety
may have escaped observation or may
have been tolerated in previous legislative j
approvals of similar bills I am convinced
that the bill now under consideration
opens the way to insidious and increased J
abuses, and is in itself so extravagant as !
to be especially unsuited to these times of
depressed business and resulting disap
pointment in Government revenue. This 1
consideration is emphasized by the pros- !
pect that the public treasury will be con
fronted with other appropriations made at
the present session of Congress amount
ing to more than $500,000,000.
"To the extent that the appropriations
contained in this bill are instigated by
private interests and promote local or in
dividual projects their allowance cannot
fail to stimulate a vicious paternalism and
encourage sentiment among oar people,
already too prevalent, that their attach
ment to our Government may properly
rest upon the hope and expectation of
direct and especial favors, and that the
extent to which they are realized may
furnish an estimate of the value of Gov- i
ernmental care. I believe no greater dan- |
ger confronts us as a Nation than the un- j
happy decadence among our people of !
genuine ana trustworthy love and affec- j
tion for our Government as the embodi- ;
ment of the highest and best aspirations j
of humanity, and not as the giver of gifts,
and because, its mission is the enforce
ment of exact justice and equality and not
the allowance of unfair favoritism.
"I hope I may be permitted to suggest,
at a time when the issue of Government !
bonds to maintain the credit and financial )
standing of the country is a subject of j
criticism, that the contracts provided for ■
in this bill would create obligations of i
the United States amounting to $62,000,- j
000, no less binding than its bonds for that
Bum."
SPANISH TAKE A TRICK.
Ihey Steal the Cuban Constitution From
Madison- Square Garden.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.-Intense
excitement pervaded Madison-square Gar
den last night. Two men, supposed to be
Spaniards, stole the prize exhibit at the
Cuban fair, the original constitution of the
new republic of Cuba, which was framed
and displayed on the rear wall of the
Daughters of Cuba booth.
Treasurer Guerra of the Junta has of
fered a reward of $3000 for the recovery of
the precious piece of parchment.
The constitution was signed by Presi
dent Cisneros, the members of his Cabinet
and twenty members of the Assembly.
It was brought to this country .about two
weeks ago for exhibition at the fair by
Lieutenant Alfredo Sanchez and Lieuten
ant Caesa Sales of General Gomez's staff.
They left the north shore of Cuba in a
small boat and reached Bermuda after
many perils.
CAPTURED BY THE SPANISH.
The Filibustering Schooner Eureka Cornea
to Grief,
GALVESTON, Tex.. May 29.- As an
nounced in these dispatches two weeks
ago the schooner Eureka left this port
with a filibustering exhibition aboard and
with a liold full of arms and ammunition.
The expedition has come to grief, and
letters received there tell of the capture of
the boat by the Spanish and the imprison
ment of those on board. Four men of the
schooner's crew now in the Havana jail
belong in Galveston. .
Expelled toy the Synod.
MIDDLETON, Ohio, May 29.— The sur
prising announcement was made to-day in
the synod of the Western district of the
Evangelical Lutheran church that Rev. An
drew Popp of Sianton, Ind., and Rev. O.
T. Koblitz of Hopeville, Mercer County.
Ohio, had been tined for being drunk and
disorderly by the police magistrate. The
ministers were immediately expelled by
the synod.
NOT THIS SESSION, COLLIS.
The Senate Decides Mot to Take Up the
Pacific Roads Funding
. Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.-Hun
tington's attempt to secure consideration
in the Senate for his funding bill at this
session was unsuccessful. Although the
Republican steering committee Had by a
vote of 6 to 3 decided to recommend its
consideration at this session, the caucus
of Republican Senators this morning de
cided not to take the bill up.
Senator Ferkins was one of those who
vigorously opposed the bill. It is under
stood that the Democratic steering com
mittee of the Senate had also decided not
to recommend the bill's consideration.
• Mr. Huntington's agents say they will
continue their efforts at the next session.
THEIR MARRIAGE A SECRET.
A Putative Widow Causes Consternation
Among the Heirs of a Dead
Du/uth Millionaire.
CHICAGO, 111., May 29. — A special
from Duluth, Minn., says: Miss Kathryn
Weston startled the heirs of Richard
Gray, the millionaire lumberman and cap
italist of this city, who died at the home
of his brother in Boston about a month
ago, by declaring that she and the dead
millionaire were married in Hudson, Wis.,
Bix years ago. Gray's wealth was esti
mated conservatively at $1,000,000.
His death occurred suddenly while he
was on a visit to New York State and New
England, and his heirs include some of
the best-known people in Duluth and the
Twin City — nephews and nieces.
The Munger children and Grays and
two brothers have expected that as Gray
died intestate they would be in line for a
windfall.
Miss Weston. however, has disappointed
them. She is a sister-in-law of John C.
Bullitt, formerly attorney for the Northern
Pacific Railroad at St. Paul, but for two
years past a resident of Duluth, promi
nent in his profession ana in Democratic
politics: Her family is prominently con
nected in the Eastern States. She says the
marriage between nerself and Gray was
private and has since been kept a secret.
SINGLE TAXER IN JAIL,
Arrested in Delaware for Disturb
ing the Peace While Ad
dressing a Meeting.
Committed to Prison for Thirty Days.
Indignant Citizens Will Break
Up the Persecution.
• WILMINGTON, Del., May 29.— William j
Horan, advertising manager of Justice,
the organ of the single-taxers of Delaware, !
and an ardent single-tax orator, is impris
oned in the Kent County Jail at Dover.
He was arrested in that little town on
Wednesday night while addressing^ small !
gathering on the single tax. He was :
: taken before a magistrate and committed
j to jail for thirty days for disturbing the
i peace.
Friends offered to ball him out, but he
refused, claiming that he wanted to be a
martyr to the principle which he nolds is
sacred and inspired of God. He will
serve out his sentence.
The arrest of Horan has created con
i siderable indignation here. Several promi
> nent wealthy citizens have interested
themselves in the matter and have an
! nounced their intention to assist in the
breaking up of the persecution of single
taxers in Delaware. Every Evening, the
I organ of the Democrats here, has refused
! thb single-taxers recognition for several
months. In. to-night's issue, however, ap
pears a double-leaded editorial in which
the arrest of Horan is denounced as out
rageous as well as foolish and a disgrace
to the proud name of Delaware. Iloran's
arrest will probably lead to some further
political sensation.
HARRITY ANSWERS MONEY.
Did Sot Threaten to Expel the Tree Sil
ver Delegate.
. WASHINGTON, D. C, May Several
days ago Senator-elect Money of Missis
sippi addressed a letter to W. F. Harrity
of Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Na
tional Democratic Committee, asking him
if it were true, as reported, that he (Har
rity) intended to exclude from the rolls of
the National Convention any free silver
delegate who had threatened to bolt. Mr.
Harrity' s reply was received to-day and
says in part:
"It is not true that I have declared my
intention by the action of the Democratic
National Committee to exclude from the
roll of the Democratic National Conven
tion any delegate who has expressed a
purpose to bolt if the convention does not
favor in its platform the free and unlimited
coinage or silver and gold at a ratio of 16
to 1. In any statement made by me,
either privately or publicly, I did not un
dertake to speak for the committee, nor
even as an officer thereof. What I did say
was that in my personal judgment no man
ought to enter or be admitted in any
political convention or caucus who is not
prepared to abide by the will of the ma
jority and acquiesce in its decision. And
I further stated that, in my opinion, this
ought to apply with equal force to those
who oppose as to those who favor free and
unlimited and independent coinage of
silver."
+
MAKES NO DIFFERENCE.
The St. Louis Calamity Will Not Change
Convention Arrangements.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 29.— "N0,"
said Mark A. Hanna, '*the great storm at
St. Louis will make no difference in the
arrangements for the National Convention
on Tuesday, June 16. I hear that the
building in which we are to meet has been
damaged, but this will do no more than
destroy its beauty. We all sympathize
with a city which has had to suffer so ap
palling a calamity, but that will make us
rather eager to help it than to say away
because of the visitation."
♦ :
Lint on Iteno'ninalett.
BAGINAW, Mich., May 29.— The Eighth
District Republican Congressional Conven
tion to-day renominated Hon. W. S. Lin
ton for Congress by acclamation.
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 2fWThe
President has approved the legislative, ex
ecutive and judicial appropriation bill,
also the bill granting to the Denver, Crip
ple Creek and Southwestern Railroad
Company a right of way through the
South I'lalte and Plum Creel; forest re
serve in Colorado, and amending the re
vised statutes bo as to provide that only
citizens of the United States shall serve as
engineers on merchant marine vessels of
American regißter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
ENDOWMENTS OF
UNION SEMINARY,
That Institution Is Bound
hy the Compact of
1870.
IS DECLARED ILLEGAL.
But the Presbyterian Assembly
Cannot Agree on the
Matter.
NOR ON FINANCIAL AFFAIRS.
Resolutions Directed Against the
Management of Foreign Missions
Meet With Rebuke.
SARATOGA, N. V., May 29.— At the
opening of the General Assembly yes
terday, Dr. James McLeod obtained tne
floor and offered a resolution for the con
solidation of the treasury of the benevo
lent societies, now operated under sep
arate treasurers at great expense. Re
ferred.
The report of the committee on system- j
atic beneficence was read. This was fol- .
lowed by the special committee's report on
church unity.
The report of the committee on theologi
cal seminary- control being again under
discussion, Chairman Muchmore assigned
the floor to Elder Thomas McDougall, who
spoke in support of the report." He re
cited the history of Union Seminary en
dowments, showing that a large share
was due to assurances based upon the I
compact of 1870 that Union Seminary was
so bound by that compact as to remain
forever a Presbyterian institution. He ap
pealed to all the seminaries to adopt the
plan of 1896.
Dr. Knox of Westchester County, N. V.,
followed. He attacked the clause of the
report which threatened the suspension of
the assembly of the exercise of powers
conferred upon the assembly by the com
pact of 1870. He held that this clause was
a denial of the legality of the compact of
1870, and showed that for declaring tne
illegality of that compact Union Seminary
had been anathematized by the assembly
of 1893.
"Is this assembly prepared to say," he I
cried, "that the assembly of 1893 was '
wrong?"
The assembly adjourned with the dis- '
cussion still under way.
The subject of "Seminary Control" will
be the third order for to-morrow. The
resolution of the committee was unani- j
mously adopted. The moderator was pro
posed as chairman of the committee and
by vote of the assembly was so appointed.
A resolution from the committee on
bills and overtures, in answer to overtures
asking for a reduction of expenses in the
i administration of the affairs of the benevo
i lent boards, was read and adopted as a de
liverance of the assembly.
With respect to the boards other than
the home and foreign mission boards, the
resolution declares that the affairs of the
board were managed with efficiency,
economy and fidelity.
A second resolution, in answer to simi
lar resolutions directed against the home
and foreign mission boards, was answered
: in the same manner. ,
The overture of Dr. McLeod, asking
j for a consolidation of the board's
' treasuries, was by a third resolution re
ferred to the committee of nine already or
dered to investigate the home mission
board.
The Presbyteriarj General Assembly to
day heard the claims of the several cities
day heard the claims of the several cities
as to the next meeting-place. Speeches
were made by representatives of Winona, I
Ind., Petrdskey, Mich., and San Fran
cisco. By vote the assembly fixed upon
Winona, Ind., as the next place of meet
ine.
The report of the committee on bills and i
overtures reported that the rate of appor- i
tionments for expenses of the assembly be I
reduced from 7 to 6 cents per member.
The finance committee's report was
read. It showed a surplus in the treisury
of $59,000.
A statement from Permanent Clerk Rev.
Dr. Moore was read, denying the charge
that two clerks had prepared lists of com
mittees in advance ana submitted them
to the Moderator to help him in making
up his committees. The Moderator added
his word to the same effect. The assem
bly applauded these statements.
The discussion of the theological semi
nary control was resumed, Judge Humph
rey of Louisville supporting the report.
Dr. Agnew of Philadelphia offered a sub
stitute"for No. 2of the resolutions, which
suspends tne privileges conferred on the
atsembly by tlie compact of 1870. The
substitute urges the seminaries to take
such steps as would bring about the adop
tion of the plan of 1895, and he announced
that the committee had accepted the sub
stitute as a compromise.
The seminary control report, willi the
substitute, was adopted unanimously.
The committee on foreign missions read
a supplement report, recommending the I
re-election of trustees whose terms expire !
this year. This was agreed to. They also
reported three vacancies existed in tne
board, for which no nominations were
made. They announced that these vacan
cies be referred back to the board on re
quest of the board itself for action. This
was also agreed to.
At the afternoon session Dr. W. H. Hnb
bard of Auburn presented the report of
the committee on tempearance. It was
recommended that each church session
should appoint a permanent committee on
temperance.
JAPAN'S NAVAL ACTIVITY.
Emissaries on a Tour of Inspection of
I Xcle Sam's Shipyards.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— Messrs.
8. Sakurae and 8. Takakura, two bright
young men from Japan, are at the Ebbitt.
"We have come to the United States,"
said the former, "by order of our Govern
ment to Inspect the shipbuilding plants of
this country in order that we may note
the progress that has been made in the
construction of battle-ships. Japan has
entered on the work of building a navy in
earnest, and wishes to know about the
advanced methods used by Americans.
In the same-way otjier representatives of
our Government are inspecting every
European shipyard to which access can be
had, so that we will get the latest achieve
ments ol all nations. We will be in the
United States several months on this mis
sion, and expect to take home some valu
able information. "'
The Venezuelan Commit a ion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29. -The
Venezuelan Commission had an unim
portant meeting to-day and adjourned
until Jane 12. The question of changing
headquarters from Washington to some
quiet, cool place was brought up, but its
consideration was postponed in view of
the non-receipt of expected reports and
documents which the members of the
commission are anxious to examino be
fore leaving town.
FOR A PACIFIC CABLE.
Contract Authorised With the American
Company's Promoters.
WASHINGTON, O. C, May 29.— The
House Commerce Committee to-day or
dered a favorable report on a bill authoriz
ing the Postmaster-General to contract with
the Pacific (Scrymser) Cable Company of
New York for the construction of a cable
between the United States, Hawaii, Japan
and China via the Midway Islands. The
bill gives the company a subsidy of not
exceeding $100,000 a year for twenty years.
The merits of the Pacific cable bill and
what is known as the Spaulding bill have
been so frequently discussed in the com
mittee that the consideration of the sub
ject this morning was comparatively lim
ited. Those wbo favored the Pacific bill
did so upon the understanding that it is
fen American company; that its terms are
lower than those asked by any of its
rivals, and that, moreover, it purposes ex
tending its lines to the Orient at once.
The affirmative vote was cast by Bennett
and BarUett of New York, Doolittle of
Washington, Rusk of Maryland, Aldrich
of Illinois, Ellett of Virginia and Wanger
of Pennsylvania. Those who voted in
opposition were Hepburn of lowa, Fletcher
of Minnesota, Settle of North Carolina,
Joy of Missouri and Noonan of Texas.
CON VENTI ON PREDICTION.
Quay to Cause a Stampede to MeKinley
With Pennsylvania's Vote.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
prediction was made by a Pennsylvania
Congressman to-day that under the call of
States when Pennsylvania is reached, on
the first call at St. Louis, Senator Quay
will arise and announce that "Pennsyl
vania casts her sixty-four votes for Wil
liam McKinley of Ouio." This, it is paid,
j is tne course which Senator Quay is likely
I to follow, and it is predicted that should
I he do so it will result in a stampede of the
remainder of the delegations for the Ohio
candidate. Meanwhile Quay will have
been placed in nomination, and he will
thus enjoy the distinction of being trotted
out as a Presidential candidate, as well as
leading the break to his principal com
petitor.
PASSED BY THE SENATE,
Jwo House Bills Repealing Cer
tain Sections of the Existing
Tariff Law.
A Private Pension Bill Is Returned
Without the Approval of the
President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
Senate to-day passed without amendment
two measures of legislation that had their
origin in the House and that now only
need the signature of the President to be
come laws. The first was the bill to re
peal that section of the existing tariff law
wnich provides for a rebate of the tax paid
on alcohol used in t'.e arts and medical
preparations. In the discussion it was stated
that the Treasury Department had not
been able to establish rules and regulations
to carry out the section; that rebates had
not been paid and that consequently
claims for restitution are being piled up
in the treasury to the amount of $10,000,
-000 a year. The bill as passed also pro
vides for a commission to consider the
whole question.
The second bill passed by the Senate
also had reference to the tax on spirits,
but its provisions simply were to include
pears, pineapples, oranges, apricots,
berries and prunes in ihe list of fruits
from which the brandy may be distilled
under existing regulations. The present
law embraces only apples, peaches and
grapes.
Tne conference report on the Indian
appropriation bill was discussed for over
two hours, but no result was reached and
the matter went over till Monday. The
only point of the report debated was the
provision embodied in it, imposing citizen
ship on the Indians of the five civilized
tribes.
The question as to the education of
Indian children in contract schools was
not at issue, that being a point on which
no decision was arrived at in conference.
A private pension bill was returned to
the Senate by the President without his
approval, on "the eround that the bene
ficiary (the soldier's mother) was not de
serving of the pension; that the soldier
was described as a private in the Seventh
New Hampshire Infantry, whereashe had
not served in that regiment at all, but in
the First Heavy Artillery of New Hamp
shire. The bill and veto message were re
ferred to the Committee on Pensiqns.
The prohibitory bond biil was taken up
as the unfinished business, and its author,
Butler of North Carolina, made an argu
ment in support of it. An agreement was
made that a final vote shall be taken upon
it before the adjournment on Tuesday
next.
Mr. Butler had not concluded his speech
when, at 6 p. v., the* Senate proceeded to
executive businesß, and shortly afterward
adjourned until Monday next.
♦
FILIHUNTERING IN THE HOUSE.
The South Carolina Contested Election
Cntr Still Pending.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
contested election case of Johnston vs.
Stokes, from the Seventh District of South
Carolina, which had been under debate In
the House three days, reached a vote this
afternoon, but was not finally disposed of,
owing to the dilatory tactics of the advo
cate of the contestant's claim to the seat,
his right io it being approved by a majority
of the Committee on Elections No. 3,
which considered the case.
By a vote of 105 to 95 the House refused
to substitute the resolutions reported by
the minority declaring Johnston elected
and entitled to the seat and Stokes not
elected and not entitled to the seat, for
those of the majority to the direct con
trary «ffect. On the resolution of the
majority declaring Johnston not elected
the vote was 103 ayes, 99 noes, and in
order to postpone further action until
there was a laree attendance the friends
of Johnston resorted to filibustering
tactics and so exhausted" the session.
The presentation of the conference re
port on Mm naval appropriation bill by
lioutelle (It.) of Maine put an end to the
! filibustering, but it effected the same re
i suit — shelving the election case until next
week. The conference report was agreed
to, and a further conference ordered on
the items still in dispute.
President Cleveland's veto of the river
and harbor bill was read and referred to
the Committee on Rivers and Harbors,
Herman (R.) of Oregon statins that he
hoped the committee would make a report
thereon not later tlmn Tuesday next.
By that time it is hoped to have in at
tendance a sufficient nnmberof the friends
of the measure to pass it over the veto.
The report of the committee will probably
not be made until the managers of the bill
are satisfied that it can be passed.
At 5:30 o'clock under the rules the
House took a recess until 8 o'clock.
At the evening session a few private
pension bills were considered and the
House adjourned until Monday.
Maher-Slavin Fight Postponed.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29. - The
Maher-Slavin fight has been postponed
until next Friday night.
VICTORIA JURORS
SIT IN JUDGMENT,
Placing the Blame for the
Point Ellice Bridge
Disaster.
VISIT THE DEATH-POOL.
Rotting and Weakened Timbers
Found in the Tangle of
Wreckage.
DAMAGE SUITS WILL RESULT.
Officials Were Warned That the
Structure Was Unsafe— Funerals
of the Victims.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 29.— The bodies
of many victims of the Point Ellice disas
ter, have been carried to their last resting
place at Ross Bay Cemetery. During yes
terday and to-day, scarcely an hour passed
but that a hearse went through the ceme
tery gates, followed by grief - stricken
friends of those who, like the victims, were
enjoying the festivities of the celebration.
The seating capacity of the tramway-car
which plunged through the bridge Tues
day afternoon is given at forty by the rail
road officials. It is said that there were at
least seventy-six people on it. Forty-one
bodies were taken from the car. Thirty
five passengers had escaped through the
windows.
There is no doubt that the railway com
pany or the city of Victoria will be sued
for heavy damages by the relatives of the
victims. William Grant, who live,s near
the scene of the accident, says that on
Tuesday morning he warned the city
authorities that the bridge was unsafe.
He states that he had done the same
thing on several other occasions. It has
been asserted that there has been a regular
inspection of the bridge several times
since it was transferred to the city by the
Provincial Government some years ago.
Four Indians Who were in a canoe un
der the bridge when the car fell through
were killed.
The Coroner's jury met this morning
and proceeded to the scene of the disaster.
The jurors embarked on two launches
which took them to the wrecked bridge.
Arriving there, Mr. Gore, deputy commis
sioner of lands and works, explained the
construction of the bridge from the plans.
The arch which fell was built on the
cantilever principle, being supported
mostly by top chords. The floor rested on
seven floor beams, which were suspended
on hangers. One of these floor beams was
found lying on the beach, the broken,
rageed end showing plainly that it had
been rotten.
Mr. Gore gave it as fiis opinion that the
breaking of this floor beam was the origi
nal cause of the accident. It may not
have been caused by the car that was
wrecked, nor yet by the one which pre
ceded it, but those that had gone befoie
had weakened the timbers until, when the
heavy one came, the structure collapsed.
It was the breaking of one of those floor
beams that caused an accident at the
bridge three years ago.
On an arch which is still standing one
of the floor beams was plainly seen to be
rotten, one of the jurors easily thrusting
his knife into it.
Mr. Gore does not recollect whether or
not the bridce was tested when it was
built; but in 1895 the Albion Iron Works,
having occasion to cart a load of iron
weighing fifty tons to Esquimalt, asked
the city whether it was safe to take it
across the bridge. The city officials re
plied if they did so they must do it at their
own risk. The company sent its engineer
to test the structure and he declared it to
be safe. So the heavy load of iron, drawn
by eight horses, was carried across the
bridge and without any disaster.
Mr. Lockwood, tho Seattle agent for the
San irancisco Bridge Company, the
builders of the bridge, was present this
morning on behalf of his company.
On their return from the bridge th*» jury
was dismissed for lunch, being ordered to
meet again at 3:30 p. m. at the City Hall.
At that hour the inquest was resumed.
Street Superintendent James Wilson was
the first witness called. He said that he
had been driving beside the ill-fated car.
The car stopped at the end of the Rock
Bay bridge to take on more passengers,
and he bad passed it in order to see if the
bridge could stand the strain. The pre
ceding car was just petting off the second
span when he came to the bridge.
He drove on slowly, watching over the
head truss. When he first had an intima
tion of the accident he was three parts
over the span which fell. He first heard a
sound as if timber was crashing, the
sound getting gradually louder. Then the
structure began to give way, beginning at
the end nearest the city. Then it fell off
the sill, and all toppled over into the
water.
The witness said that he had been Street
Superintendent for two years, but had
never taken hold of bridges until recently.
He had received official notice to do so a
few days ago.
Mr. Cox, who had charge of the bridges
and sidewalks, had said in his annual re
port at the end of last year : "That Point
Ellice bridge is in good condition."
C. T. W. Piper, the last witness for the
day, told how, the night before the acci
dent, he and his son had passed under the
bridge and were attracted by creaking and
groaning. At one particular spot, fifteen
or sixteen feet from the city end, it moved
so much that he told his son to hurry up
for fear it would come down on them. He
took no steps to report to the city author
ities, for if he had they would only have
laughed at him.
"Do you mean to say you thought the
bridge was in a dangerous condition and
did not take steps to report it?" asked the
Ct>roner.
The witness said he Dad spoken of it
often and so had Captain Grant, out he
knew it was no use reporting to the city
authorities, as they would have paid no
attention to him.
The Coroner refused to take any more of
this witness' evidence and dismissed him
abruptly, saying that the evidence of a
man such as the witness, by his own
words, showed himself to be was not
worth anything.
It was incredible that a man could see a
bridge in what he considered a dangerous
condition and not report it.
A petition is ie circulation to-day, and
receiving numerous signatures, asking
Premier Tnrner to have a royal commis
sion appointed to make a thorough in
quiry as to the responsibility for the acci
dent and criminal prosecution will prob
ably be instituted. Nearly every lawyer
in town has already been retained for
prospect ive suits.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Players Characterise a Long Contest by
Disgraceful Conduct.
BOSTON, Mass., May 29.— The long con
test of to-day was characterized by the
most disgraceful conduct on the part of
the visitors ever seen here. In the eighth
inning Tebeau deliberately threw the bat
over the fence and vrhen ordered to the
bench called the umpire a foul name. He
was ordered off the field, whereupon the
other players acted in a most unbecoming
manner. In the last inning O'Connor and
Burkett deliberately spiked a new ball.
Umpire Keefe utterly failed to control the
players. Attendance 2725. Score:
Bostons 100 0 10 113000—7 12 2
(levelands 00 10 010 05 0 0 o—7 10 6
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen, Wilson and
O'fonuor. Umpire— Keefe. tJame called on ac
count of darkness.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.-Charley
(Silver) King made his first appearance
in the box to-day since 1893 and had Pitts
burgs at his mercy, they making only six
hits. Attendance 5000. Score:
Wuhlnctona. 301031110-11 12 5
nttsburga... Sooloollo—6 6 2
Batteries-King mnd McGuire, Hoghey and Sug
aen. Umpire— weldmand.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.-Louis
villes were beaten by the New Yorks, be
cause they did not give their pitcher good
support. In the ninth inning, with two
men on bat, Van Haltren got in the way
of a drive from Clingman's bat, and,
though he dropped the ball, he cut off a
home run that would have tied the score.
Score :
NewYorks 205000110-9 10 2
Louisvilles 000601001- 7 10 6
Batteries- Doheny and Wilson, HIU and Miller.
Umpire— Sheridan.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 29.-Errors at
critical stages, followed by heavy stick
work, enabled the Chicagos to win the
game to-day. Attendance 2750. Score:
Brooklyns 300021300—9 11 3
Chicasos 00 4 3 11030—10 18 4
Batteries— Stein and Burrlll, Griffith and Kitt
redge. Uin piro— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 29.—Phila
delphia defeated St. Louis this afternoon
and won its fifth successive game. At
tendance 4800. Score.
Philadelphia* 06030 0 100-10 13 1
St. Louis 000200130— 6 IB 1
Battiries— Orth and Grady, Breitensteln and
Mct'arland. Umpires— Heuderson and Campbell.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 29.— The cham
pionß bunched their hits in Ihe third and
fifth innings to-day and earned all their
runs. In the other innings Foreman was
very effective and his support gilt-edged.
Pond Kept the hits of the visitors scat
tered. Attendance 5103. Score:
Baltimores 0020 20 0 0 o—4 8 3
Cincinnati! 00 0 010 0 0 o—l 6 1
Batteries— Pond and Robinson, .Foreman and
Vaughn. Umpire— Lynch,
FIFE FAVORITES WIN.
Interesting Racing Event* on the Eastern
Tracks.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May
29. — Three odds-on favorites, a second
choice and a long shot captured the purses
at Oakley to-day :
Four fourlongs, Rosinante won, Adowa sec
ond, Midlight third. Time, :49 3 £.
Seven furlongs, Reprieve won. Double Quick
second. Image third. Time, 1:28%.
Five furlongs, F F H won, Viscount sec
ond, J. Walter third. Time, 1 :03?£.
Seven furlongs, The Commoner won, Maggie
S. second, MattieLee third. Time, 1:27^.
One mile and seventy yards, Probasco won,
Semper Lex second, Leaflet third. Time, 1 :47.
CHICAGO. 111., May 29.— The Rook and
Virginia Dixon were the only favorites
that won at Lakeside to-day. Two track
records were broken. Jockey Cash Sloan
has been suspended for assaulting William
Cross, a turf correspondent.
Six furlongs, Queen Faust won, Cunarder
second, Major Dripps third. Time, 1:15.
Half a mile, Ella T won, Barnato second,
Tom Anderson third. Time, :49.
Seven furlongs, Pearson won, Revenue iac
ond, Outgo third. Time, 1 :29.
Six furlongs, Virgie Dixon won, Laura F sec
ond. Dr. G third. Time, 1 :14%.
Nine furlongs, Constant wou, Eloroy second
Otho third. Time, 1 :55.
Six furlongj, The Rook won, Lollie Eastln
second, May Fern third. Time, 1:15.
SANTA CLARA RELAY RACE.
Associated Cycling Clubs to Contest for
a Silver Cup.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The asso
ciated cycling clubs of Santa Clara Valley
will hold a twenty-five mile relay race
Sunday afternoon over the San Francisco
road from Belmout to Santa Clara. Six
clubs have entered and the race will be an
interesting one. T^he trophy contested for
is a silver cup valued at $30.
The race will consist of five relays, the j
start being made one and one-half mileo j
west of Belmont. The first relay ends at
Redwood City, the second at Palo Alto, j
the third one and one-half miles west of '
Mountain View, the fourth one and one- !
half ruiles east of the pumping station ;
and the fifth a half mile west of Santa '
Clara. The start will be made at 1 o'clock. I
The entries and names of the riders in the
order of the relays are as follows:
Independent Cycling Club, Mountain View— i
A. J. Clark, H. Carter, D. Murphy, J. Francis,
J. H. Mockbee.
Mountain View Cyclers— P. H. Mtllbery, M.
Mosconi, I. Goodrich, K. Bubb, R. Hogg.
Bohemia Club. Santa Clara— H. Alden, G. E.
Mitchell, E. McQuoia, C. Barlow, C. Lame.
Menlo Park Cyclers— W. Barnhlsel, Gus An- ]
drews, W. Hftmmerson. h. Weeden, W. Casev. i
Franklin Road Club— J. Reed, T. Thurber, F.
Brown, C. Dable, A. Veit.
Redwood City Club— Jack Ley, K. Wilson, C. i
Allen, W. Grimmerston, A. Johnson.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Seve Postmaster at Sea View— Invitation
to Judge Maguire.— Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— Charles
B. Coane was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Sea View, Sonoma County, Cal., vice
James Henry, resigned.
Jndee Maguire has been invited to de
liver the address to graduates of the law
school of the National University, June 1.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Herbert V. Dickey,
San Francisco.
Oregon: Original — James A. Leonard,
Empire City; William O. Thayer, Tilla
mook; Supplemental — James T. Archibald,
Jun tion City.
Washington: Original— Henry C. Ellis,
Snohomiah. Increase — George Hyde,
Camas.
Paying the Sugar Bounties.
WASHINGTON, U. C, May 29.— The
Treasury Department to-day began the
payment of the sugar bounty under the
recent decision of the Supreme Court. The
claims now being paid arts under the
$233,000 appropriation for accrued bounty
due at the time the bounty law was re
pealed. There are 4500 of this class of
claims.
Becker and Cregan Speeding West.
CHICAGO, 111., May 29.— Detectives
Whittaker and Seymour of the San Fran
cisco Police Department, who are en route
to California from Newark, N. J., with
Charles Becker and James Cregan, the
.noted forgers, left last night for the West
with their prisoners.
tcott Jakson's Day of Doom.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 29.— A motion
for a new trial was overruled by Judge
Helm this morning and June 30 set as the
day of execution ot Scott Jackson, con
victed of the murder of Pearl Bryan.
Later a stay of sixty days was granted!
The Royal Areanium.
SAVANNAH, Ga., May 29.— The Su
preme Council of the Royal Arcanium
completed its work and adjourned at 2
o'clock to-day to meet nest year in Bos
ton.
ROUND VALLEY
LYNCHERS' PLOT,
Littlefield's Death Coolly
Planned by Cowardly
Enemies.
EVIDENCE OF A PLOT.
Frank Handover Swears That
He Was Invited to Attend
the Hanging.
DID VINTON SHOOT HIMSELF?
His Rifle Barrel Was Powder-Daubed
on the Day He Received His
Wound.
WEAVERVILLE, CAL.,May 29.— Slowly
but surely, it seems, a noose is being woven
about the necks of the men accused of
having choked out the life of poor "Jack"
Littlefield on Red Mountain over eight
months ago. Startling testimony was
given to-dtv at the preliminary examina
tion of Vinton, Haydon, Radcliffe and
Gregory, the alleged lynchers — testimony
concerning a plot, the consummation of
which meant the death of "Yes" Palmer's
daring nend vaquero. The story of this
planning of the death of a brave man in a
cowardly manner had something about it
that was revolting and ghastly.
The prosecution rested a 5 o'clock thi3
afternoon. To-morrow being a legal holi
day the case was continued until Tuesday
morning at 10 o'clock, at which time the
defense will probably present little if any
evidence. The motion for the discharge
of the prisoners will then be argued.
William Espey, a grizzled old moun
taineer, was the first witness to-day. He
swore that Vinton had said that he would
shoot Littlefleld on sight. Elisa Cain,
another hardy specimen of the old Cali
fornian, testified to having been at Vin
ton's house on the morning of September
27, 1895. Dr. Goyer did not treat Vinton
until after he had left. Tnis contradicts
the doctor. Frank Handover testified to
having been at Haydon's on the morning
of September 27. He saw Vinton, who
was badly wounded, and heard Gregory
sent for. He swore that he had a conver
sation with Haydon regarding the shoot
ing of Vinton, in which Haydon said :
"It is getting pretty tough. We will
have to do something with these fellows.
There is no use of taking the law on
them."
While at Haydon's he saw Gregory clean
Vinton's rifle and examined the cleanine
rag, which apparently showed signs ot
powder marks.
This was the first intimation of the pros
ecution's theory that; Vinton shot himself
I With his own rifla.
Handover further testified that in last
August Joe Gregory wanted him to join
a mob and kill Littiefield. Gregory told
him his plan was to shoot Littleneid and
then nang him to a tree. Gregory said
that he had be,en over to see John Crow to
get him to help organize a mob to hang
"Yes" Palmer and "Jack" Littlefield. He
wanted the witness to join. The offer was
I spurned. Gregory told Handover that he
need not do any of the scooting but could
' assist In proving an alibi. Gregory said
that the rest of the crowd would stand in.
Handover eaid that he was talking to Vin
ton in regard to the threats Gregory had
made against Palmer and Littlefield and
I said that he thought Gregory was very
i foolish to make such threats. Vinton re-
I plied that that was so. For himself he
I would rather send Palmerand Littlefield to
San Quentin for stealing cattle than to
hang or kill them.
Handover had frequently heard Vinton
say that Littlefield ought to be lynched.
The redoubtable Sylvester Palmer next
I took the stand and swore that Gregory
land Littlefield were on unfriendly terms,
and that on the day of the Littlefield
lynching a suit was pending in the Supe
rior Court of Mendocino County against
Gregory for cutting Littlefield with a knife.
The last witness of the evening was J.
j W. Kelly, who with a party of five others
I rode to the spot where Littlefield met his
' death, reaching there two days after the
lynching. Ho saw where two horses had
j been tied near the spring, and back-tracked
i the horses up the mountain, where at in
! tervals he found the track of a mule. This
testimony refuted the mob theory of the
defense.
NEW TO-DAY.
HARTFQRD IIGLES. I
nAnlrUnU JjluiuLiio.
| . REDUCTION IN PRICE. i
Patterns Nos. 1 and 2. from $80 to §65 ,
Patterns Nos. 3 and 4, from $60 to $50 !
Patterns Nos. 5 and 6, from $50 to $45 j
This Is the best value for the money ever '
• offered in medium grade machines. ra
COLUMBIAS
The Standard of the World fe
acknowledge no competitors, 4fk M' A A H
and the price is tixci abso- I l|flS hi
-lately for the season 1896 at 9IUU I
If You Can't Buy a Columbia, f .
Then Buy a Hartford.,: |j
I All Columbia and . Hartford Bicycles are M
ready for immediate delivery. pj
. POPE MASUFACTURING COMPANY, |
344 POST STREET. |
COLUMBIA CYCLERY, 9
1974 PAGE, NEAR STANYAN. i
"BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STERLING ,
BIOTTCLBS.
WHEELS AND i'AI.MKH TtRJU (IP.VRAV.
" teed for 0110 year. Price *100. If you want
&Kr Vailed SU!rllu * aond loi ott^
SIERLINCi CYCLE WORKS.
, 314 POST STBKET, San lfranci.co.
■■■■■■■.■PORTLND HAS
A GAY SVENGALI.
A San Francisco Woman
the Victim of a Cruel
Hypnotist.
SENDS LETTERS TO MEN.
Marriage Proposals Made to Six
of the Male Sex in One
Evening.
ARRESTED AS A BLACKMAILER.
Released From the Spell After Scan
dalous Conduct Had Brought
Her to Prison.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 29.— Abont a
month ago Miss Helen Beatrice Helwig
came to Portland from San Francisco on a
visit to friends, intending to remain the
greater part of the summer, but last
Monday she returned to her Golden Gate
home a much sadder young woman than
when she left it. In connection with this
is a story that hardly seems credible.
Miss Helwig, during the first fortnight
of her visit here, was in the most cheerful
frame of mind, making friends of all who
met her. She was an accomplished musi
cian and conversationalist, and knew
something abont almost everything. She
had traveled in Europe for several years,
with ample means to see and study.
After Miss Helwig had been here two
weeks a decided and unaccountable change
came over her. She seemed to have an
aversion to the society of her own sex and,
what was worse, her friends were greatly
■hocked in observing the boldness with
which she courted nearly all the male
visitors to the house in which ehe was a
guest. It is stated upon the best au
thority that Miss Helwig went so far as
to make proposals of marriage to six
gentlemen in one evening. This was not
done in a spirit of jest but in the most in
tense earnestness.
About this time several well-known
business men received impassioned letters
signed "Helen Beatrice," in which the
writer declared her unquenchable love in
the most poetic prose for the addressed.
Most of the recipients of these love-laden
missives are married men; but one of
"Helen Beatrice's" objects of affection— a
capitalist — innocently got himself into an
exceedingly unpleasant domestic snarl by
not destroying "Helen's" letter at once
after reading it. It chanced that his wife
in some manner got possession of the mis
sive.
The innocent capitalist was in a pretty
mess from which he was unable to ex
tricate himself for a day or two. At last,
though, he remembered that in her note
"Helen Beatrice" solicited him to reply
through the general delivery at the post
office. Then the idea suggested itself to
him that he take Chief of Police Minto
into his confidence and thus attempt to
establish the identity of the person having
brought him all this trouble.
The Chief put Detective Welch on the
job, and two days after Welch received the
assignment he saw a well-dressed young
woman step up to the general delivery
window and ask:
"Anything for Mils Helen Beatrice,
please?"
The capitalist's decoy letter was handed
to her, and as she stepped from the Fed
eral building onto Morrison street she
was joined by a young man named Frank
Zoe Robbrns, living on the East side. To
Detective Welch. Miss Helwig s corre
spondence appeared in the light of a black
mailing scheme, and on Fifth and Morri
son he politely invited the couple to
accompany him to the office of the Chief
of Police.
"During the interview of the couple in
Chief Minto' s office," said Detective Welch,
"a disclosure was made, throwing the re
sponsibility of Helen Beatrice's conduct,
who really was Miss Helwig, upon Rob
bins. The latter is a member of the Port
land Hypnotic Club and also a friend of
the family Miss Helwig was visiting. At
her request he one evening escorted her to
a meeting of the club, where, after experi
menting upon the girl for about fifteen
minutes, Robbins discovered her to be a
very pliable subject.
As a matter of amusement and nothing
more — but it was a cruel pastime — Rob
bins exercised his influence over Miss
Helwig, and in twenty-four hours he
metamorphosed her from a dignified, in
telligent'young woman into a promiscuous
"man-courter."
Chief Minto, satisfying himself that this
was the true status of this peculiar case,
ordered Robbins, under penalty of severe
punishment, to release Miss Helwig from
the influence of his hypnotic power. Rob
bins agreed to this, but it was two days
thereafter before Miss Helwig was restortd
to her normal frame of mind. When ad
vised of what she did under the hypnotic
influence she grew hysterical with shame,
and the following night returned to San
Francisco almost heartbroken.
In conclusion, Detective Welch said that
the aggrieved capitalist and his suspecting
wile were invited to the interview of the
hypnotist and his poor victim, which re
sulted in a complete reconciliation in the
family of the capitalist.
OFFENDS SEATTLE VETERANS.
The Monterey'* Commander Refute* to
Attend Memorial Servir**.
SEATTLE, Wash.. May 29.— Captain
Ludlow of the United States coast defense
vessel Monterey, now in this port, de
clined the invitation of the local com
mittee of the Grand Army of the Republic
to participate in to-morrow's (Memorial
day) exercises. Captain Ludlow spoke
for bis subordinates as well as himself.
As a consequence be is being severely
criticized by Grand Army men and others.
In a public letter Major S. W. Clark con
cludes bis caustic comment on Captain
Ludlow's action with this declaration:
"It will be ascertained in due time if his
course meets with approval from his su
periors in Washington City."
PACIFIC GROVE ACCIDENT.
JKi«« Orvis of Chicago Thrown From a
Carriage and. Snriouily Injured.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., May 29. —
While riding from Monterey to Pacific
Grove this afternoon Miss Amy Orvis of
Chicago, 20 years ofd, lost control of her
spirited horse, which ran a distance of two
miles toward the depot. There the ani
mal's course was checked so suddenly that
(he younc woman was thrown to the
ground. She was picked up in an uncon
scious condition by J. Donovan and car
ried to the depot. The physician who was
called in discovered that she had sus
tained serious injuries internally. Several
men assisted in carrying her to the home
of Mr. Gofley, where at a late hour to
night she was said to be in a most critical
condition.
SUIT FOR A FRESNO ESTATE.
Heirs of Samuel Simon Begin an Action
Involving Ten Thousand Acres
of Land.
FRESNO, Cal., May 29.— The suit of
Mrs. Henry Simon and two children and
Mrs. Samuel Simon and son, Jefferson
Martin, against E. and S. I. Simon, ex
ecutors of the estate of Samuel Simon, for
an accounting, is on trial before Judge
Webb in this city. This case directly in
volves 10,000 acres of land situated east of
Reedley, in this county, and indirectly af
fects a large amount of property situated
in various ports of the State.
Samuel Simon and several brothers and
E. Jacobs formed a com pan v, called the
Simon-Jacobs Company, in I€Bs. It owned
about 40,000 acres of land in various por
tions of the State. Samuel Simon after
ward died, bequeathing much of his prop
erty to the plaintiffs in the present suit.
The plaintiffs allege that the defendants,
by fraud and misrepresentation, cheated
them out of their just interests in the set
tlement of the estate. They charge that
the land was appraised by two persona
who were in a conspiracy with the execu
tors. The land involved in the case is
some of the best in the county.
FALLE JO GRADUATES.
Diploma* Awarded to Member* of the
High School Clans of '96.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 29. — Farragut
Hall was filled to oveiliowing this even
ing with a crowd that came to enjoy tne
exercises of the Vallejo High School grad
uating class of '96. The retiring class
included the following young ladies and
gentlemen, who were recipients of many
congratulations upon their passing, as
their class motto indicated, "Out of School
Life into Life's School" : Daisy Kavanagh,
Marie English, Minnie McPike, Lida Wil
son, Ida Kelly, Mabel A. Richardson,
Goldie Rounds, Adelaide Roddy, Lillian
Wictstrom, Daisy Emerson, Lulu Luch
singer, John Luchsinger, Frank Maxson.
The programme of exercises was well
rendered, each one of the young graduates
being heartily applauded. City Superin
tendent Charles H. Fulton, in bestowing
the diplomas upon the young ladies and
gentlemen, wished them all success
through life.
SONOMA'S FLAG-RAISING,
Committees Busily Preparing for
the Semi-Centennial
Celebration.
Features Commemorative of the
Hoisting of the Bar Stand*
ard in 1846.
1 SONOMA, Cal., May 29.— The semi
centennial anniversary of the raising of
I ! the bear flag on Bonoma soil, which will
_ be celebrated here on June 13, 14 and 15,
promises to be the grandest event this
city has ever known. Committees are
diligently at work and preparations are
being made to insure the success of the
' I celebration. Nearly $500 has been raised
,I by subscription in tnis city. Double
' that amount is expected from the people
I of the valley, and the county Board of
' Supervisors is considering a large do-
I nation.
Saturday, June 13. will be the great day.
In the morning there will be a parade with
music by the Sonoma Valley band, di
rected by Hugh G. Maxwell. This will be
followed by literary exercises in the pa
vilion and the raising of the original Bear
flag on the o!d staff on the plaza by sev
eral surviving participants in the historic
event of June 14, 1846. There will also be
a barbecue in the afternoon.
On Sunday there will be a sacred con
cert and on Monday night the festivities
will close with a ball. Preparations are
being made for the entertainment of 10,000
i visitors. Among those expected are Gov
-1 ernor Budd and staff, the members of the
j Society of California Pioneers, the Mcxi-
J can War Veterans and Native Sons and
Daughters from all parts of the State. Ar
rangements have been made with tne rail
| roads to handle the crowds. Reduced rates
are promised on all lines.
MODESTO ASSESSOR SUED
National Bank Stockholders Seek
to Evade Payment of
Taxes.
Sixteen Complaints Against the County
of Stanislaus Are
Filed.
MODESTO, Cal., May 29.— Sixteen com
plaints have been filed here by Attorneys
Lloyd and Wood of San Francisco in the
National Bank taxation case. Assessor
Cainpr>eil last season assessed the stock of
the First National Bank of this piace.
Proceedings were immediately becrun to
avoid this tax payment and th<» "matter
was referred to the Board of Supervisors,
who upheld the Assessor. A number
of counties of the State concluded to
assist Stanislaus Coanty in forcing
the payment. These suits are now brought
by each stockholder of a bank separately
against the county of Stanislaus to pre
vent any collection of tax on shares.
The existing State law says National
bank stock must be taxed, but the asses
sors of counties of the State failed to make
an assessment until this county's official
took the initiative, followed in "like man
ner by Sacramento County's assessor. The
last taxes were paid to Tax Collector
Downer under protest.
SACRAMENTO CONVENTION.
Mr*. Purnell Preside* Over the State
ffomnti'* Suffrage Association.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 29. - The
Convention of the State Woman's Suf
frage Association began in the Assembly
chambers of the State Capitol to-day,
about fifty delegates being mr attendance.
Mrs. E. B. Purnell introduced Harriet May
Mills of. New York, and named her as
manager of the convention.
The address of welcome was delivered
by Mrs. Purnell. Sb« said reform could
never be successful until those who first
opposed them had been converted, and
every reformer lived ahead of his time.
Miss Mills outlined the plan by which
speakers selected by the association were
enabled to go into each State to convert
the multitude. Mrs. Mary G. Dunn read a
paper entitled "Does the Business Woman
Need the Ballot?" and Mr. Purnell spoke
of the nineteenth century woman, who
was the evolution of the laws pas3ed by
men for many generations past.
Warships to Vitit Santa Crux
SANTA CRUZ, Cal , May 29 -L:euten
ant-Governor Jeter, chairman of the com
mittee, reported at the carnival meeting
to-night that ue had received assurance
tuat the Philadelphia, Monterey and Mon
adnock will be there during the water fete.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
FAITH-DOCTORS
AT LOS ANGELES,
The First Convention of the
Southern California
Alliance.
WORKERS OF MIRACLES
Christians Who Profess to Cure
Disease by the Laying
On of Hands.
GIVE HOPE TO THE AILING.
They See in the Near Future the
Coming of the Long-Awaited
Millennium.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., May 29.— A new
religious organization, called the "Chris
tian Alliance of Southern California," is
holding its first annual convention in the
First Congregational Church of this city.
Conducting or taking prominent parts in
this convention are the pastors of many
evangelical churches. Methodists, Bap
tists, Presbyterians and Congregruional
ists form this somewhat uniqua body of
people.
The chief characteristic of these people
is based on what they term purification,
sanctification and regeneration, while
"holiness and healing" form a conspic
uous part of every day's programme.
They have, as many of them testified this
afternoon, experienced the "second bless
ing" in their religious lives, and are now
convinced that they may cure others, just
as many of themselves have been cured of
serious and menacing bodily ills, by the
exercise of faith and the laying on of
hands.
The meetings are largely attended, and
members seem very happy in the exercise
of their boundless faith. In the relating
of their experiences one is reminded that
the days of miracles are by no means
ended. The sick, "enfeebled and decrepit
are coming here in large numbers to te.^t
the powers of the healers. No notable in
stance of healing ha? occtirred so far at
this meeting, but much is predicted for the
future.
The convention will continue until next
Tuesday. A near approach of the mil
lennium forms a conspicuous part of the
discussion.
This body comprises ten auxiliary so
cieties from Los Angeles, Santa Ana, Santa
Barbara, San Bernardino, San Diego, Long
Beach, Pasadena, Whittier. Riverside and
Highlands. Among the prominent
speakers and worßers are: Reverends W.
C. Stevens. A. C. Bane, F. H. Bickford, H-
C. Waddell, Mrs. H. J. Pierson and Mrs.
Carrie Judd Montgomery.
HARRY RHOWN'S DEBTS.
A young Bank Clerk* Property At
tached at Carson.
CARSON, Nev., May 29.— A1l kinds of
rumors have been in circulation in tiiis
city since the disappearance of Harry K.
Brown, formerly a clerk of the Bullion
and Exchange Bar.t of this city. Brown
has been living in a very extravagant
manner for several years, and his ex
penses have been far above his income,
but his having been left $10,000 by his
father seemed to explain this. Two weeks
ago Brown was discharged from the
Bullion Bank, and the same evening he
left for San Francisco, taking his wife.
Mrs. Brown returned in a few days, but
was unable to say where her husband was,
and since that time the bank people have
been overhauling his accounts and have
found nothing wrong with them.
Justice Bolknap of tne Supreme Court,
Brown's father-in-law, stated that the
reason of Brown's discharge was purely
personal and not through any financial
difficulty. He did not know the where
abouts of his son-in-law, nor does Mrs.
Brown. He could see no reason foi
Brown's disappearance. Brown is deeply
I in debt and somewhat entangled over
property he has negotiated to purchase,
and this is given as the reason for his ab
sence. This afternoon ail of Brown's per
sonal effects were attached by parties to
whom he is in debt.
TO REPORT CARSON MINT.
Order* Received from Washington Ap
pointing a Aetc force.
CARSON, Nev., May 29.— Orders were
received from Washington several days
ago to resume operations in the refinery of
the United States Mint on July I. About
nine men will be put at work. Seven were
appointed to-day, among them being
Frank D. Heitricb, who arrived from Cali
fornia this morning. He becomes assist
ant melter and refiner, the position for
merly held by John T. Jones. Several of
the men appointed, were important wit
nesses for the Government in the recent
mint trials, and one was a member of the
jury which convicted John T. Jones.
WOODLAND CONFERENCE.
Department Report* HuSmitted to the
I/uthrran. Synod.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 29.-The sec
ond day's session of the annual confer
ence of the Pacific District German Evan
geiical Synod began with the reading of
reports from the various departments.
The committee on home missions reported
a growing influence for good among the
German population of California. The
church at Mount Eden, Alameda County
waa accepted into membership in this dis
trict.
Services were held this evening In the
large auditorium of the German Lutheran
Church. At the invitation of John Hucke
the delegates will be taken (or a drive into
the country to-morrow morning.
Under an Ogden Canyon Avalanche.
OGDEN, Utah., May 29.— George Tor
noli while working on the Pioneer Electric
Company's pipe line in Orden Canyon was
killed to-day by an avalanche of falling
rock. Tornoli had just put in the last
blast for the day, work: having been
stopped on account of the rain, and hur
ried out to see if the shot had done good
work, when a slide of loose rock came
down the mountain side, grinding him
into a shapeless mass.
Colonel JBnbbitt 111 at Ti-nicia.
BENICIA, Cal.. May 29.— Lieutenant-
Colonel L. H. Babbitt, United States Ord
nance Department, lies at his house seri
ously ill from the effects of a slight stroke
of paralysis. When btricken a few days
ago he recovered rapidly, apparently, but
complications have arisen, making his
case quite serious.
Suicide nt A-mieln Camp.
ANGELS CAMP. Cal., May 29.— A
young man named George McDonnelly,
an employe of the Utica mine, committed
suicide at his lodging-house on Bush
street last evening. He had been on a
protracted spree for several days and
while suffering from delirium tremens
swallowed a dose of morphine. His
parents reside at Redding, Cal.
STORMS ALONG THE COAST.
Hail and Rain, Accompanied by Thunder
and Lightning— Three Deaths in a
Nevada Flood.
RENO, Nev.| May 29.— The heaviest rain
and hailstorm in years visited Reno this
morning. Hailstones three inches in di
ameter fell and almost every skylight in
the city was broken. Trucfcee River rose
to the highest point known in fifteen years
and the Truckee meadows about Glendale
were under water. Much damage was
done to vegetation.
Three men were drowned in the river at
Prosser Creek. Their names cannot be
learned. The bodies have not been recov
ered.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 29.— A terrific
thunderstorm passed over this city about
3 o'clock this morniug. The sky was cop
per colored and a crimson glow lighted
up the west. A blinding flash of light
ning preceded each volley of thunder.
The residence of Parker Maddux, five
miles north of this place, was struck by a
bolt of lightning, damaging the premises
to the extent of $300. The bolt decended
the chimney in the center of the house and
passed through the front door, killing a
watchdog on the front porch, but fortu
nately missing the sleeping members of
the household.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., May 29.— An un
usually heavy electric storm struck this
vicinity about 1 o'clock this morning, last
ing until daybreak. There was not much
wind, but a continuous roar of thunder.
The vivid and frequf nt Hashes of light
nine;, accompanied by a heavy fall of hail
and rain, aroused much fear and trembling
among Californinns — strangers to such
phenomena — while the Eastern residents
imagined they had suddenly been trans
ported to their homes in the cyclone belt,
gome of the hailstones were the size of
walnuts. Not much damage was done to
the- growing crops.
CARSON, Nev., May 29.— At 4 o'clock
this morniuc a territic hailstorm, accom
panied by rain and thunder, visited this
city. Hailstones nearly an inch in diame
ter fell in abundance. The rain also de
scended for hours in a deluge. The roads
were badly damaged, but the crops will be
benefited, where not injured by the hail.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 29.— A
generous shower fell here this morning,
the downpour continuing for several
hours, with intermissions. It will help
greatly to make Decoration day a success,
by adding to the beauty of the flowers and
brightening the green of the hills and the
cemetery grounds.
URIAH, Cal., May 29.— A terrific
thunder storm prevailed here this morn
ing, lasting from about 2 until 6 o'clock.
During that time .34 of an inch of rain
fell. The bky was brilliantly lighted by
intermittent " flashes of lightning. No
damage was done to grain.
PKTALUMA, Cal., May 29.— A severe
electric storm passed over Petaluma last
night, beginning shortly after 10 and last
ing until '6 o'clock. The storm came from
an easterly direction. The incessant
flashes of lightning and loud thunder peals
were phenomena unusual in this section
of California.
ELECTRIC WIRES BURNED
Forecast Oificial Hammon Chats
About Causes and
Effects.
This Storm Came After tic Very Hot
Spell With Moisture From
the Ocean.
The thunderstorm that swept in from
the ocean early yesterday morning waa
not a remarkable occurrence in San Fran
cisco. At lea<t, Mr. llanimon of the
United Stales Weather Bureau says it was
not nearly 30 severe as people imagined.
There was a worse thunderstorm in San
Francisco within the last six mouths, ac
cording to the bureau recordß. Two years
ago, as the clerk of the weather reraarkad,
houses were struck by lightning here.
And yet the electric pyrotechnics of the
clouds were enough to rcake men feel
deeply religious, especially when accom
panied by thunderbolts that shook build
ings. The Weather Bureau wires to
Point Reyes crossed with the Western
Union wires and caused considerable trou
ble. The lighting arresters at the cable
box at Lime Point were burned out.
"It i£ a mistake to think that there are
no vivid thunder-storms on tnis coast,"
said Mr. Hammon yesterday. "It is a
mistake also to think that the ciimate is
changing. The records do not show a
change. The Government got an idea
about two yt-ur's a^u that there was no rea
son to fear lightniug on this coast and had
the lightning-rods removed from the light
houses. When the rod was removed from
Farralone's light its top was found to
have been burned off by lightning. A
few months later the lighthouse was
struck and all the electric wires were
burned out. So far as I know the light
houses are still without lightning-rods.
"The same conditions that produced
the hail of Ttiursday night a storm were
the cau?e also of the thunder and light
ning. It is a singular fact that hail is
almost always the accompaniineut of the
electrical storms on this coast. Tne type
of thunder-storms here belong distinct
ively to this part of the country. They
are extremely rate anywhere else. The
thunder-storms in the Eastern States are
due to adry condition of air with a moiirt
spot in it. In other words, a compara
tively small body of moisture passing
through a dry atmosphere forms a strong
attraction and conductor for all the plpc
tricity that is spread over large areas.
Tuis electricity gathers on tne cloud until
finally the tension becomes so great that
it leaps off hi the form of thunderbolts.
"Here the lightnins is due largely to
frictional causes, and I believe the friction
is caused by the hail pacing through the
air. Our electrical storms cannot be com
pared to those east of the Rocky Moun
tains. Tne lightning is incessant'in those
storms, and the thunder is correspond
ingly frequent and heavy. Tho air here,
owing to the vapor carried inland by the
Wiodi from the Pacilic Ocean, and also
owing to the. small drying area, is alto
gether too moist to make severe or fre
quent thunder-storms possible; still, we are
liable, as we were Friday morning, to get
an occasional heavy thunder-storm or
"»o,uall. Tne electricity generated in the
air on this coast escapes harmlessly, as a
usual thing, as soon as formed. The he*»t
of the last few days had produced con
ditions favorable to a th under-storm."
INDICTMENT OF BLANTHER.
Presentment* for Jlnrdor Filed by the
Grand Jury.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted J.
E. Blanther alias Joseph E. Blanther for
the murder of Philippina Langfeldt in this
City on May 15 last. The witnesses heard
were Captain Lees, Mrs. Agnes Kleineberg.
Jennie Hanley, Dr. Kleineberg, Genevieve
Marks, Dr. J. S. Barrett and George L.
Dodge. There were other witnesses in the
waiung-room, among them Deputy Cor
oner Tyrrell, but all the facts desired were
obtained from other sources.
Captain Lees submitted to the Grand
Jury a package of papers and letters, a
collection of medals and gome other
irmckets. The indictmunt was presented
to Judge Slack late in the af'ernoon.
The jury also found an indictment of
forgery against R. M. Samuels. Accord
ing to the testimony in the case Samuels
forged the name of John C. Spencer to a
check for |40 on the Anglo-California Bank.
FIELD SPORTS
AT CAZADERO,
Stanford Athletes Carry Off
Honors in Many
Events.
REV. DR. SMITH TALES.
The Unprepared Missionary Com
pared to the Baae.ul
Green Apple.
VALUELESS UNTIL MATURED.
Education in Christian Work the
First Requirement— S-creiary
McCoy's Address-
CAZADERO, Cal., May 29. — During
last night the students in attendance at
the Y. M. C. A. intercollegiate conference
were treated to something very unusual in
Californiß— an electrical concert. Shortly
afterward refreshing rain fell.
Rev. Cumming Smith of San Fran
cisco gave the platform address at 11
o'clock on the subject "Individual Work,"
using as a basis for his words the
chapter of John's Gospel.
"Here we see Jonn a definite man, with
two other definite men, to whom he says,
'Behold the Lamb of God!' showing
us to-day the supreme need, not of
oratorical effort in the pulpit but of point
ing men to God," said the speaker. "We
have all a place in some great work; but
mark me, not till we are educated up to it.
We say everything has a place to fill in
this world; but take for instance the little
green apples on the tree — if we go on that
supposition and giva every little jrreen
apple a place in a man there will be
trouble, euro. Not till the little green
apple becomes ripe has it a place to fill.
Neither have we a place to fill till we have
prepared ourselves to fill it. Hand-picfced
fruit is the best, not the fruit which top
ples down wnen the tree is shaken; so
personal work for souls gives more perma
nent results.
"In the first chapter Philip did not argue
with Nathaniel. He said, 'Come and see.'
I once knew a man whom no amount of
argument would convert. He was a casu
ist. That man was converted by the con
duct of a Christian who failed in business
at 60 cents on the dollar and afterward,
when he was given a new start, he, con
trary to the customary method, paid up
t!;e remaining amonnt on each dollar."
In the afternoon students and faculty
gathered for the intercollegiate games,
which commenced at 2:30 o'clock. There
were twelve events, Stanford having a
team entered in each. The results follow:
100-yard dash, open— Charles S. Dole, Stan
ford, first; Galen M. Fisher, U. C, second.
Time, 12 sec.
Running broad jump— Charles S. Dole, Stan
ford, first. 19.5 feet: Galen M. Fisher, C. C,
second, 17.7J^ feet.
440-yard dash— E. W. Smith, Stanford, first;
E. W. Miller, Occidental, second. Time, 50 sec.
100-yard dash (maiden)— O. L. Price, I'acitic,
first; E.W. Smith, Stanford, secoiuf* No time.
High jump— Charles S. Dole, Stanford, first,
5.3 feet; Galen M, Fisher, U. C, and O. L.
Price, Pacific, tied at 4.11 feet.
Sixteen-poutia-shot put — Charles S. Dole,
Stanford, first, 30.7 feet; Coltou, Pomona, sec
ond, 27.1 feet.
The mile run went to Stanford; no other
entries.
Bai-eball throw— Gnlen M. Fisher, U. C, first,
2<>-l foot; C. 0. Michener, international secre
tary Y. M. C. A., second, 249 feet.
Hop, step and jump— Cnarles S. Dole, Stan
ford, first, 4*2.4 feet; Galan M. Fisher, U. C,
second, 39.3 feet.
Faculty race— ll. J. McCoy, wcretarv
Y. M. C A., San Francisco, handkar, 25 yards'-
Time, 11 4-5.
Obstacle race— C. C. Michener. International
secretary Y. M. C. A., first; Lcavitt, Stanford,
second. No time.
In the evening H. J. McCoy gave an ex
cellent presentation of the work of the
Y. M. C. A. secretary, and its claims to
the consideration of me students as their
life work. He remarked 1 hat it was not a
position in which one could become rich;
it was not a position in which one would
get along who wore his feelings on his
sleeve; but it was a position next to the
ministry of God, whre a man could be
come a powerful factor for good in this
world.
I ■■! 11l Mil II ' '
mmmJk "f ,"-r ' XJT nothing down
your throat that will disfigure or blemish
your face. Don't use iodide of potassium
in Sarsaparilla or without Sarsaparilla.
When you want a good blood purifier and
something that will bring no pimples on
your faoe, you must use ;
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Gentlemen : i
It was my good fortune to get a bottle of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla just when I
needed it most. I was in a bad condition
and could not get well. I used a bottle of
Joy's Vegetable^Sarsaparillaand I feel just
as strong as I ever did. It is a great rem-
edy for the sick. -• I hope all my friends
will use it when they 'need a good liver
regulator. .' -..,". ; . : .
;,.; : (Signed) ' J, WM. MYCROFT,
454 Minna st., San Francisco.
LOST.
T OBT— si!B - REWARD— SMALL ; DOG; TAN
.1 j color: - bl*clc stripe down back; • white ring
around neck; white feet »nd tail.- The above re-
ward will be paid by returning same to W. T.
CLAHK. Windsor Hotel, Fifth and Market at*. .
Sunday Call.
IIJL '-♦_
St draper Tjhat Soes
Snto the Jtfomes
of Jill.
TO-MORROW'S ISSUE WILL CONTAIN
S% J*ull Siccount of the
■
oreate&t jDi&covery o/
C/ Ay&iotogy in fifteen
2/earo.
uhis Will Sippear Exclusively in r '7jhe Call. 3 *
j{
Vhat Will {Revolutionize 97? odern Scientific
Vhoupht*
Cauyht by a {Rebel in Sun da Straits.
97?idocean Sfdepts of the {Black Sirts.
2/ellow *Dogs Safe on Vehama Street,
Suspended Over a {Panthers* *Den.
Si Jihrse Vhat Ss Colticfh at 1j forty* four.
One {/ride in a JVorseless Carriage*
Vhe ff/an Who Could Waise the Dead*
97? any beautiful illustrations.
fYovelties in Science and Strt
Sill the 9?ews of Society* \
{Beautiful 9? ew 7jhing& for Women to Wear.
'".' Sood Joints for
Vhe Call Speaks forjill.
56
CHARLES M. RIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free j
Dally and Sunday Caix, one wefk, by carrier. .$0.15
Sally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally »nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai.il, three months by mail 1 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
V*.ir.KLY Call, one year, by mail <• 1.50
» THE SUMMER MONTHS.
\ Are you going; to the country on a vacation ? If
so, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
mis* it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHAHQE.
BUSINESS OFFICE <'■ ;.-\
710 Market Street,
».* San Francisco, California. '■.
Telephone... Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone.. ..'. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay ; open until
9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
t-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
' 115 Kinth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: 'V-
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent
(SATURDAY MAY 30, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Honor Memorial day.
Show reverence fjr the heroic dead.
Take part in the decoration of the graves
of the Nation's heroes.
In the assemblies of the people on this
occasion politics takes a back seat.
Let us hope that Cleveland will have
the decency not to go fishing to-day.
If we had not bound the arm of Justice
crime would not be so bold in our land.
To-day we honor the private in the ranks
of the Grand Army as the generals in com
mand.
Dedicate your best thoughts to-day to
the heroic deeds of the defenders of the
Republic.
It was known of old and said that the
law is condemned when the wicked escape
punishment.
Money is not too cold to show the
warmth of our sympathy for the stricken
people of the Ea«t.
After the past week of disasters Con
gress ought to adjourn next week and give
us a complete rest.
It is time to remember that every com
munity is responsible for the crimes it
hesitates to punish.
When the weather bureau turns loose a
cyclone the charity Dureau must get ready
to open up for business.
Let us not wait for St. Louis to ask aid.
Let us offer it with the zeal of generous
hearts and ready hands.
A grateful Republic mourns her noble
dead, but proudly honors the immortality
of their accomplished work.
In the observance of the solemn me
morial services of the day every citizen
should show a patriot's interest.
Do not forget in the hurry of the day to
leave orders for The Sunday Call, so as to
have good reading for to-morrow.
The civil business of our courts can well
afford to wait until the criminal cases have
been brought to trial and adjudicated.
After this there is no city in tho Missis
sippi Valley that will feel safe when it
sees a funnel-shaped cloud In the distance.
A system of law weak enough to be sus
pended on verbal technicalities can never
be strong enough to hang dangerous crim
inals.
It is but a mean and niggard loyalty that
decorates the graves of the dead but would
refuse an honorable pension to the living
veteran.
Fail not in any way to do full honor to
the memory of the heroic dead who fought
the war that freed the slave and kept the
Union whole.
Every child in the land should be taught
the meaning of the celebration of this day
and its noble lessons deeply impressed
upon the heart.
It does seem as if the cyclone might have
crossed the Mississippi River without tak
ing the bridee-if it had not been actuated
by pure cussedness.
After the crimes and disasters of the
week the consideration of Memorial day
comes as a relief to the mind almost as
sacred as a benediction.
The Buckley primaries were as quiet as
if the lambs had been muzzled with their
own tails and led to the polls with their
own wool pulled over their eyes.
The cyclones of this country are setting
to be more destructive than the wars of
other lands, and unfortunately there is no
prospect of getting rid of them by arbitra
tion.
Erom the racket worked by the elements
for a little while on Thursday night it
seems there is a possibility that this also
may become an electrical storm center for
a change.
Among many men of many minds there
will be many ways of celebrating the day,
but no American will be unmindful of its
significance or its value as a National ob
servance.
Death is rapiJly summoning the mem
bers of the Grand Army, and we should
hasten to show them all the love and
loyalty of a grateful people while they are
yet alive.
In remembering the noble dead of the
Grand Army let us not forget the living.
Every veteran of the war for the Union
deserves the honor of all citizens of the
Republic.
We condemn the authorities of Victoria
for neglecting to make stronger their
bridges, and they will retort by condemn
ing us for neglecting to make stronger our
courts and our laws.
To-day the Nation recalls the names of
Lincoln, Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Logan
and Thomas, but in every household there
is remembered % humbler name, and
these also does the Nation honor.
MEMORIAL DAY.
To-day the mind of the old soldier more
especially will be crowded with recollec
tion? of. events in the long ago. As he
forms in line and marches away, bearing
floral trioutes to the memory of comrades
who now sleep the sleep that knows no
waking, who can tell what the currents of
his thoughts are carrying from and to the
days of gloom and shadow and anxiety,
and through them to where the stars
and stripes again waved in the sunlight of
the Nation saved from the hand of the
destroyer?
As these now old men— old in years, but
youthful, vigorous and strong in that
quality of patriotism which broadens and
deepens and widens as the years come and
co — go forward to-day bearing the loving
cup of broken but not forgotten compan
ionship, let us stand uncovered, for they
saved to us our birthright— our country,
our homes — from those who would have
turned the wheel of progress and freedom
backward. The Grand Army of the Re
public is all that is left of the Old Guard.
The individual, the state, the Nation, the
world, humanity, owe much, not only to
those true and tried who bear flowers to
day, but to those whose graves they deco
rate as well.
Ana who shall say that those whose
graves we strew with flowers to-day do not
know it? Are they in dreamless slumber
and do not know of flowers, of li:e, of
love? Who shall say they were, but are
not? Rather should we say that they are
in joyous expectation of this day's tribute
of affectionate remembrance, for will they
not fetch flowers — flowers gathered by
their own hands in the Father's garden of
paradise — and twine them about us?
Who shall say that when trie old soldiers
■wind their way to the Silent City to-day
there will not be another, an invisible
procession, marching with them to the
tune of the same fife and drum? "If a
man die, shall he live again?" Yea, there
is a natural body that falis as the tree
falls, and there is a spiritual body which
death sets free in distinct individuality.
It must be so— Plato, thou reason* st well!
Klse whence this pleasing hope, this fond desire,
This longing after immortality?
Or whence this secret dreai, an inward horror.
Of fal:ing into nauelit ? Why shrinks the soul
Back on herself, ai.d startlt s at destruction?
'Tii thp divinity that atirs orttbta us:
'Tis henven itself that pouiis oat our hereafter,
And intimates ceruity to man.
A NATIONAL CALAMITY.
It is very evident that President Cleve
land is not in touch with public senti
ment. His reason for vetoing the river
and harbor bill shows that. When the
executive head of the Government reports
to subterfuges to find a wuy to excuse him
self for refusing to conform his acts to the
will of tbe people, the people canuot help
feeling humiliated.
We <peak more particularly of the rivers
and harbors of California when we gay
that in vetoing the bill President Cleve
land cast a reflection upon the intelligence
ana integiity of every citizen of this State.
The commercs of California is seriously
handicapped because of inadeqnate river
and harbor facilities. When the bill passed
both houses of Congress there wa3 rejoic
ing on tbe Pacific Coast, beause the time
had at last come when the water-shipping
ways were to be made strong and helpful
allies of commerce; but President Cleve
land refuses to let them so be.
There does not appear to be any reason,
so far as it concerns the country at large,
for his refusing to permit work upon
rivers and harbors, but if the President
vetoed the bill in retaliation for the re
fupal of Congress to do his bidding when
he demanded unsound, unhealthy and
dangerous financial legislation at its hands,
an excuse is found, provided Mr. Cleve
land is> of more consequence than our peo
ple, our institutions and our country.
President Cleveland haadone a great many
things for which there was no justification
whatever, but in vetoing the river and
harbor Dill he strengthens the pretty gen
eral belief that his election to the Presi
dency was a National calamity.
SAN FRANCISCO'S DUTY.
In the glory of her own pride and in the
consciousness of her own strength St.
Louis says she does not propose to go out
side of the city for aid. This is the spirit
that builds and maintains the Nation's
cities and channels of commerce. But for
this Bpirit San Francisco would still be a
hamlet. Nevertheless St. Louis is in great
distress from causes over which ehe had
no control, and while it is certainly true
that she is abundantly able and more than
willing to provide for her unfortunates,
there is a vast outlying territory that is
also in distress, and for whose relief Ft.
Louis will assume the responsibility.
Therefore the natural and correct and
the neighborly thing for San Franci-co to
do is not to wait to be appealed to, but to
immediately offer of her plenty whatever
St. Louis and her dependencies may need.
San Francisco is more highly favored than
any other American city in almost every
way, and it is not so easy, perhaps, for
tbe people to fully appreciate the distress
which St. Louis is called upon to bear,
but there are ties of consanguinity, as well
as those ties which bind humanity in one
great family, which should awaken in us
that kind of sympathy which finds ex
pression in liberal offerings of things sub
stantial.
The quality of Our offering should not
be overshadowed by hesitation and pro
crastination. We should not wait to be
reminded that a great neighboring city, a
fellow member of the country's family of
cities, is in want, but anticipate her possi
ble needs by offerings of purse and sym
pathy. Unfortunately such occasions
find no one particular person upon whom
the duty of ieading is placed, but for all
that a leader should be found, and when
one is found the sympathy wnich San
Francisco has with St. Louis will quickly
take a substantial form. Of that tnere
can be no doubt whatever.
CUBAN GENERALSHIP.
The unfitness of Spanish rule in Cuba
nas been demonstrated so often that there
is no need at this time to refer to it, except
to show the decadence of Spanish military
genius and the corresponding advance
ment of the native sons of Cuba in the
science of war. No doubt all who have
watched the present struggle for Cuban in
dependence have discovered that the insur
gents have uniformly displayed a very thor
ougn knowledge of the modern art of band
ling troops in the field and of laying plans
of far-reaching purpose. And the superi
ority of the rebels is all the more conspic
uous because their numerical strength as
compared to that of the troops opposed to
them is as 1 is to 5, besides having no reg
ular base of supplies or general headquar
ters.
But the most masterly, although cruel
and heartless in consequence, strategy of
the insurgents began when they invaded
Western Cuba and threatened Havana.
At first tbe Spanish thoughi it a mere raid
for tne purpose of destroying sugar and
tobacco plantations, but when the rebels
began to act as though they did not intend
to return to tbe eastern and central por
tion of the island General Weyler fnrmu
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
lated a line of action which should end in
crushing the rebellion at one blow. He
waited until, as he supposed, the bulk of
the insurgent army had concentrated in
the west, when he threw thousands ot his
troops into the work of constructing a line
of earthworks across the Wand to pen the
insurgents in the narrow compass of
Western Cuba. He worked his soldiers day
and night on his "trocha," and no doubt
felt happy at the delay of tho rebels in
ending their raid and starting back to the
sparsely settled eastern territory.
The trocha was completed some weeks
ago, but no rebels have tried to break
through, and now General Weyler is
awakening to the fact he has fallen into a
trap which the rebel generals set for him
with so much adroitness, and that he did
everything as nearly according to their
programme as they could themselves have
done it for him. Tbe cunning, far-seeing
and brilliant generalship of the rebels will
be better appreciated when it is said that
they knew if they invaded the west and
made it appear that they were in no hurry
to return to their strongholds in the east,
Weyler would be almost sure to "hem
them in" by the "trocha" act, and he did
just as it was hoped he would do.
The trocha was finished and manned
some weeks ago, and just as the rebel
general counted upon, the throwing up
and overturning the earth at this season
of the year has caused to appear disease
microbes by the million. The hot and
rainy season has opened and already the
Spanish troups in the trocha are beginning
fo suffer from smallpox, yellow fever and
malarious fevers. In another month, or
perhaps less, the trocha is likely to be lit
tle better than a long hospital for disease,
disease-breeding germs and emaciated
soldiers that were shipped over from the
healthy garrisons of Spain to the swamp
region of Cuba. Meanwhile the rebels
wait in patience- for Weyler's "trocha" to
complete its share of the work of exhaust
ing Spain's supply of soldiers.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
In to-morrow's issue of The Call the
world will be informed of the most im
portant discovery in the field of biology
during the last fifteen years. This dis
covery will have a direct bearing upon
the theories of Huxley, Haidenhuin, Dar
win and others, ana will undoubtedly
revolutionize modern scientific thought
ana methods of research. The Call has
secured the exclusive publication of this
discovery, in which not only scientists
but the reading and thinking public will
be deeply interested.
Aside from this remarkable news,
there will be a host of novelties anu of
good literature and art for all classes of
readers, as will be readily appreciated by
referring to the partiul list of features in
another column.
WHY DO THEY DO IT?
With scarcely an exception the Boston,
New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore
dailies threaten to utterly destroy the
party pr parties, meaning the two great
parties, whose platform declares for the
remoiietization of silver. A little while
ago these same dailies were willing that
silver should be restored to its old place of
redemption monpy after the commercial
nations had fully agre.-d to it and fixed
the ratio of difference which should obtain
between the weight of a gold and a silver
dollar, but now they appear to be opposed
to an international conference or any other
step in the direction of the coinage of
silver except as token money.
It is not to be supposed that the<-e great
newspapers reflect the sentiment of any
where near the uiajority of the people of
the Eastern States, but no doubt they do
express the thought of the bond-dealers
and the money-brokers, and it is easy
enough to see why the gold standardites
would use their influence with the press
to prevent any increase in the country's
volume of money of redemption, but it is
not so easy to see how the newspapers
could advocate the gold standard on
principle.
The more contracted the country's
volume of money is the easier it is for
money-Jenders to control it, and nence to
fix the per cent charges for its use. The
most obtuse minu in tbe land understands
how an inadequate quantity of circulating
money could be "cornered" easier than an
abundance could, and he knows that if the
loanable money of the community were
cornered the corner would have it in its
power to charge borrowers what it liked.
Not a few of the fortunes of Wall
street magnates were made by cornering
the money market and putting interest
rates so high, and making it so difficult to
obtain loans at any rate of interest or dis
count-that collateral security and mort
gaged property bad to be forfeited, which
very naturally operated to enable the
money sharks to "cancel the debt by
taking the security." Many is the man
wno has been forced to surrender his
property because tbe corner would not let
him have money to protect himself.
The retnonetization of silver would, as
can readily be seen, increase the volume
of money beyond the ability of money
speculators to control, and then their occu
pation would be gone, but the public
would be well supplied with money and
borrowers could always get it at reasonable
rates. There is reason, therefore, for this
stubborn fight against an adequate volume
of money to transact the business of the
country. It wouid break up the
business of cornering the money market,
which would mean a great deal to a good
many money-lendinc sharks. It is a mis
take to suppose that the war upon silver
is because it is silver, for it is nothing of
the kind. The whole sciieme is to reduce
the volume of redemption money down to
where money -gamblers can control it.
This the dailies of the Eastern cities know
very well. The question is, then. Why are
they on the side of the enemies of the
people? Why are they standing in with
Wall street in its effort to tie the hands of
the people? Perhaps they can tell why.
The fact that a bill to pay the Southern
Pacific Company more than $1,500,000 for
transportation passed the Senate without
protest, notwithstanding the company
owes the Nation many millions of dollars
which it has not paid and is not trying to
pay, shows that while California is nomi
nally represented in that body, the force
and vieor of the sentiment of ncr people
are not represented by any means.
The Senate has voted to pay what the
Government owes the Southern Pacific for
transportation, but it has not voted to
make the company pay what it owes the
Government. There is a good oppor
tunity here for Senater Perkins and Sena
tor White to rise and explain.
The central feature of the Nation's ob
servance of this holiday will be at the
tomb of Grant, which is becoming more
and more the recognized monument of the
Grand Army as well as of its great leader.
The one evidence of wisdom among
Democratic leaders this year is that they
never prophesy about anything.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
W\ B. Coombs, who owns a large general
merchandUing store and mill at Little River,
in the Mendocino redwoods, where cinnamon
and brown bear, deer find lynx abound to «
greater or less extent, is at the Russ. Almost
the whole of Mr. Coombs' life has been spent
among those lofty redwooas.
Little River is two miles south of Mendocino
City, and is right on the coast. The two docks
there are often scenes of great activity, espe
cially when there is a stiff demand for lumber
and oak tanbark, for there is a liberal supply
of both to be had there.
"The demand for lumber is not great enough
now, however, " said Mr. Coombs. "The com
bination tins been made, but there is not
enough general builcing to keep the mills
going.
"Both redwood and pine lumber is produced
W. B. Coombs, V. ho Has Spent Nearly All His Life in tbe Heart of the Redwoods
[Hketchtd from life by a "Call" artist.]
at Little River, for we have immense forests of
these two kind? of timber. I suppose no finer
lumber can be had anywhere than is to be had
there.
"In regard to tanbark, the price lirs fallen
from what it was last year. It was formerly
worth $15 and $15 50 a cord, delivered in San
Francisco. I gold what I had at the latter fig
ure.
"The oak tanbark of Mendocino County and
the upper coast of California is probably the
finest in the world for tanning purposes. Last
year for a time the bark went up. Leather was
high, and it looked as though there ni going
to be a stiff demand for Mich tanbark as this.
Some of the tanners laid in a stock for a year.
"But the situation changed somewhat, and
there is not the demand for the bark there was
formerly. It is worth but #14, delivered in
San FrancUco, which is as low as. it has boon
for several years.
"It is hard to tell whether the price of such
fine tanbark will be kept down, but 1 think it
will be better in a year at least, and we may
have some lmprovfment yet this year. It is
the same way probnbly in regard to lumber, at
least to some extent.
"I would liko to see both advance, for it
would mean a great deat of activity on the
coast of Mendocino County."
Mr. Coombs is in the City on a business trip.
BARCAROLLE (A. D. 1950).
Beneath ns the world, In a tremnlou* hate,
Drifts on like a vision of memory days.
Afar from the bustle of mart and of mill.
W« steer for the stars that are radiant and still:
Or we drift In the zephyrs that tranquilly flow,
Where the birds are the only companions we know.
And the clouds nail between
. Us and men lows to green. - :
We're afloat 1 we're afloat on our fly ins-machine.
The vapors that crowd where the yellow moon
■ gleams
Are glided and carved Into castles of dreams.
The silence which reigns to make perfect the night
Yields alone to the hiss of the meteor's flight.
As we buoyantly rise, let the storms come and go;
Their thunders shall distantly rattle below.
Though fierce be their mien, ,
We shall ride all serene.
We're afloat! we're afloat on oar nylne-machlnp.
—Washington Star.
PERSONAL
T. W. Sargent of Salinas is at the Rugs.
Judge J. H. Craddock of Marysville is here.
Henry Weller of Mount rulaski is at the
Palace.
Dr. L. L. Young of the United States navy is
in the City.
Frank Coombs of Maps, ex-Minister to Japan,
is in the City.
C. G. Dv Bois, a wealthy New Yorker, is at
the California.
I. Church and wife, of lakeport, are staying
at the Cosmopolitan.
A. E. Rlpley, a merchant of Seattle, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Max Hebullin, & mining man of Globe,
Ariz., arrived here yesterday.
J. F. Phlpps, a miner of Amador, is at tho
Russ, accompanied by his wife.
Admiral William Evashlntsoff of Russia was
among the arrivals here yesterday.
Jefferson Thompson, a merchant af Peta
luina, is among the arrivals at the Russ.
Leslie HcKenzie of Denver is a recent
arrival here and is registered at the Grand.
Edwin Harvey, a prominent resident of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Thomas R. More, the capitalist of Santa Bar
bara, who is interested in Santa Rosa island,
Is in town.
W. H. Workman Jr., son ot ex-Mnyor Work
man of Los Angeles, and Miss Workman are at
the California.
Commander J. E. Craig of the United States
ship Concord is down from the Vallejo yards
and is at the Palace.
L. F. Moulton, the grain farmer of Colusa
County and prominent Populist, is among tha
arrivals here. He is in the City on a business
trip.
Ex-Governor H. B. Willy of Idaho, who owns
gold properties near Blue Canyon, which he
nas been working for several years, is among
the arrivuls at tha Russ.
Carmen Ortega, a rich mining man of Her
mosi'.lo, Mexico, is among the arrivals here.
Mr. Ortega is the owner of a large amount of
valuable mining property as well as agricul
tural lauds. He says that in Mexico attention
is now being turned toward the United States
for mining machinery of all kinds. He thinks
we ought to be supplying his country with all
these appliances. Hitherto England has been
selling nearly all the machinery.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.-At the Im
perial— G. K. Dow. Continental— Dr. and Mrs.
H. I. Jones, A. C. Bchmeinfierch. Hotel Al
bert—G. A. Marquis. Grand Union — T. p.
Uren. Murray Hill— Bishop D. H. GoodselL
Union-square-C. Bonesteel. Bt. Denis— C. 8
Greene. Netherlands— W. X. Cowles. Hol
land-Mrs. H. L. Hill, flailed per steamship
Fulda for Genoa via Gibraltar and Naples-
Baron RoHftrio Curro, Dr. and Mn. Isaac Jones.
Dr. V. Berravallo. Sailed per steamship Aller
tor Bremen via Southampton— J. £. baucbei.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Much to the chagrin of the gold people the
uncertainty involves everything but McKin
ley'B nomination.— Detroit Tribune.
It is alleged that Quay wants to manage the
McKinley campaign. What is the matter with
Har.ua?— St. Louis Post-Dlspatth.
It's about time for Shelby M. Cullom to book
himself for the consolation race for the Vice-
Presidential nomination.— Chicago News.
Mark Hanna has drawn a map showing
where McKinley has delegates in every State.
This is not the only Platt he has laid out.—
Wichita Eagle.
Lieutenant-Governor Saxton of New York has
indorsed what Warner Miher said in a recent
interview about Boss Platt's attacks on Major
MeKlnloy. Mr. McKinley, he says, is the choice
of 75 per cent of the Republicans of New York
Ptnte. This oucrht to open the eyes of Governor
Morton.— Cleveland Leader.
The silver men are moving along at a food
speed. They grow stronger as they progress.
Example It a good companion for argument.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Threats of a bolt at Cnicago are freely made
by free silver Democrats. It will be' a thrilling
sight when they march out with their share
of the nine goose eggs.— St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat.
If Brother Hanna would say a few words re
garding what he thinks about the money ques
tion the country would experience as much re
lief as if McKinley himself had spoken.— Troy
Press.
Matt Quay's silence does not alter in any de
gree the general conviction that his journey to
Canton whs nmlortaken for the explicit purpose
of ascertaining th<» time and pluee of the start
ing of the McKinley chariot— Chicago Record.
Hanna's in his office making up the slates;
Grosvenor in his Bi.ndy, counting delegates;
Bill Hahn and Kohlssat are throwing nut the
baits; mum man, dumb man. tbe thing is sure
to come, man; you shall be the President of
these United States. ["Cradle Song" iroin "Mc-
Kinley Ballads."]— New York Sun.
The difference, among others, between Major
William McKinley and the Democrats, who are
criticising his financial views, is that, while he
voted for free-silver coinage years ago the
Democratic party is voting for it now. He has
opposed it since then. They are supporting it
still.-Philadelphia Press.
Tom Reed does not seem to be comforted by
the fact that he helped to make Major McKin
ley what he is. He appointed him chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee, an appoint
ment which Attached the Ohloan's name to a
certain bill which has been much discussed,
and in which the masses of the American
people have great faith.— Des Moiues Register.
It is not too much to say that the over-zealous
friends ot Major McKinley are in danger of
doing him serious injury by their methods of
warfare. In this city and in tnis State, for
example, they are making a grievous mistake.
They have assumed t>.at the opposition to the
Ohio candidate is political and personal,
whereas it is nothing of the kind. The business
community finds fault with his silence on the
money question. Every other man whose
name has been mentioned as having Presiden
tial aspirations is known to be unqualifiedly
for a single gold standard. Every other can
didate for the President since the war has been
a sonnd-money man. Major McKlnley's posi
tion is in doubt.— New York Commercial Ad
vertiser.
LADY'S WAIST WITH BLOUSE VEST.
One of the best liked of the new round waists
is the model with blousa front, having a sepa
rate vest, which may be made adjustable, thus
admitting of variety. Oue of black canvas
over a green and mauve taffetas lining was
made in this way with a vest of white satin, on
which rows of narrow yellowish lece were set
half an inch apart, crossing the Dlouse. The
revers were of the same with the lace set on
lengthwise. The lace stood out from the satin,
making a peculiarly soft ana djiinty effect.
The collar and belt were of white satin.
An extra vest to be worn with this was of
black chiffon with a delicate pattern in ap
plique lace braid. The r-Uaraud belt to be
worn with this were of tha lining silk. The
revers of white satin were attached to the
white mouse and were not worn with tha one
of chiffon.
Blue mohair, with white tnffeta vest, revers
and cuffs covered with rows of narrow gilt
braid had white pearl buttons, with a rim of
filagree gold set on below the revers.
A waist of batiste had vest of white or
gandy trimmed with rows of white insertion*
A short blue and green belt of taffetas was
worn with this.
A dress of bine serge, with batiste blonse
vest and cuffs, is very pretty and is also ser
viceable.
Brown figured mohair with vest of Persian
silt is useful und pretty. Black mohair or
satin with trimmings of white or buttercup
yellow are very stylish.
The waist has a fitted lining which fastens in
front; the blouse vest hooks under the left
side of waist The back is In one piece, laid in
two pleats on either side over the fitted lining
The sleeve has a fitted lining.
THE RIGHT COURSE.
Dowm«vll!e Messenger.
The Call with much force rebukes the
Chronicle for the unjust attack it made in its
editorial columns upon the executive commit
tee of the Republican party recently appointed
by Chairman Arthur. The convention is over,
and whatever might have been its faults and
the shortcomings of any of its officers it is now
the bounden duty of every Republican pmper
to use its best efforts to promote harmony in
the party. Besides we cannot perceive where
any fault could be found with the selections
made. The committee consists of stanch and
tried Republicans, and we can only presume
that they will work during the campaign sole
ly with a desire to further the success of the
party. Let every Republican paper do as much.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Tho Emperor of Austria, Francis Joseph I,
will be t>t> years old In August next, and he has
eat on his throne ior forty-eight years.
Dr. Hamlih McCunn has a Scotch opera to
the Marquis of Lorne'3 libretto in his portfo
lio, and it is reported that he likewise pro
poses to write another opera to a book by Mr.
Josei h Bennett.
The Duke of Sutherland Is to preside over
the thirtieth anniversary of Dr. Barnardo's
Homes at the Royal Albert Hall, London, on
June 24, when the Prince and Princess of
Wales hope to be present.
Two cynical traditions about women— one
that she is stingy ana the other that she cannot
keep a secret— have been dispelled by the ac
tion of Mrs. Brickerhoff , who gave $100,000 to
Barnard College and kept it a secret.
Herr Joseph Strobach, the new Mayor of Vi
enna, is an editor of school books in a small
way, and a rabid anti-Semite. In the speech
in which Herr Strobach accepted his election
he declared that he owed his election solely to
the fact that the Emperor would not sanction
the election of Dr. Luger, whom he must con
sider as the real Mayor.
M. Theodore Dubois, whose appointment as
successor to Ambroise Thomas at the Paris
Conservatoire is announced, is a former pupil
and professor of the great musical school of
France. He is 58, and his works, though not
reaching the celebrity of other French com
posers, are marked by great character, chiefly
of the religious and stately mold.
Amos J. Curnmings has obtained the sobri
quet of the "arm and hammer" orator in Con
gress. Mr. Cummings, when making an argu
ment on the floor of the House, has but one
gesture with which to emphasize his remarks.
This consists in raising his right hand, doub
ling his fist and propelling it with great force
against the palm of his other hand.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Scmmer— S. J. H., Nnpa, Ca!. The sentence,
"summer is arrived," is no more grammatically
correct than "Mrs. William Smith is arrived."
Prehistoric— G. V., City. The prehistoric
time of a nation ended the moment that there
was a recorded history of that particular
nation.
Porte cochere— B. K. S., Los Angeles, Cal.
There are three significations for the French
term pone coch<-re, namely: Courtyard,
carriage-way and gateway.
Potreko— H. W., City. Potrero is Spanish
and is applied to an individual who makes a
specialty of curing raptures. It is also applied
to a farm for raising cattle and to a pasture.
Desertion— X. 8., San Jose, Cal. Desertion
disenfranchises an individual who, has dis
honorably left the United States navy. Once a
aeserter always a deserter, uuless pardoned.
To Los Angeles— J. D., City. The time by
rail from San Francisco to Los Angeles is
twenty-two hours and the fare is from twelve
to fifteen dollars. By steamer the fare is from
nine to twelve dollars and fifty cents.
FaEms— H. W., City. No one can tell why so
many farmers are forced to mortgage their
farms, further than that they are forced to do
so in order to raise money to "meet current ex
penses. There is, no doubt, a special reason in
each cage.
A Sequence— Subscriber, Gridley, Butte
County. Cal. In the game of cribbage if A
plays a 4, B a 3, A a 6, B a 2 and A a 5, A lias a
sequence or run of five. If there is a break in the
sequence and in the subsequent play the break
is hhed up without the intervention of acard out
of sequence order the player completing the se
quence is entitled to a score of one for each
card of it.
Svn in a Fog— M. D. J., City. Why the sun
appears red during a fog is explained in this
way : When there is a mass of vapor floating in
the air, as in a fog, the orange and red rays of
light alone are transmitted through it, and
that gives the sun its red appearance when
viewed through the moisture-laden air. All
the other tints are refracted and dispersed, the
atmosphere when moist acting in the same
manner as a prism.
Valve op Coins— W. T. McN., San Jose, Cal.
For a dollar of 1799 with five stars facing,
dealers offer from $1 50 to $2 50, and for the
other pattern of th» same date they offer a
premium of 15 cents. Fo a dollar of 1802
they ofler from 20 to 50 cents premium. When
selling them.dealerschargeforadollarof 1799
with thirteen stars (five facing), from $4 to
$6 50, and for one of the same date, 13 stars
(six facing), from $2 to $2 75. For a dollar of
1802 they charge from $2 75 to $3 75. No
premium is offered for a dollar of 1847, nor for
halt dollars of 1808, 1809 and 1819.
Sixteen to One — ;*., Stockton, Cal. The
phrase "16 to 1" refers to the fixed propor
tion of silver to gold in our coinage; that ib to
say sixteen jrrains of pure silver are declared
equal in value to one grain oi nure gold, and
the silver dollar must therefore contain six
teen times as many grains of pure silver as the
gold contains of pure gold. The gold dollar
contßins '23.22 grains and the silver dollar
371.25 grains of their respective metals. There
has been no change in the standard silver dol
lar, but the gold standard lias twice been
changed, the last time in 1837, when it was
fixed at 23.22. The original ratio was 15
to 1.
Feudalism— G. V., City. The feudal system
was one of political organization with ref
erence to the tenure of land and military ser
vice and allegiance prevalent in Europe in
ages lone ago. Its main peculiarity was that
the bulk of the land was divided into feuds or
fiefs, held by the owners on condition of the
performance of certain duties, especially mili
tary service to a superior lord. This superior
might be either the sovereign or some subject
wno thus held from the sovereign and in turn
had created the fief by subdivision. Accord
ing to the pure feudal system the lord was en
titled to the fealty of his tenants but not to
that of his nub-tenants, every man looking only
to his immediate lord. In England the vassal
age estsblishect by Henry VII was abolished by
statute in 1660, during the reign of William I
In Scotland it was introduced by Malcolm I in
1008. and was abolished in 1746. In France It
was established by Clovis, in 486, and was
abolished by Louis XI in 1470. In China it
prevailed from very early times and was
brought to an end 220 B. C. In Japan it was
abolished in 1871.
princess Scheherazade— a. R., City. Scheh
erazade is the name of the hypothetical
princess, relator of the stories in the "Arabian
Nights." She was the elder daughter of the
Vizier of Persia. The Sultan Schahriab, ex
asperated at the infidelity of his wife, came to
the hasty conclusion that no woman could be
faithful, so he determined to marry a new
wife every day and strangle her at daybreak on
the morning following the marriage. Sche
herazade, wishing to free Persia from this dis
grace, requested to be made the Sultan's wife
and succeeded in her wish. She was young
and beautiful, of great courage and read*v wit,
well read, had an excellent memory, knew
history, philosophy and medicine, was bes.de'
a good musician and dancer. 6he obtained oi the
Sultan for her younger sister, Dinurzade, per
mission to sleep in a chamber adjoining the
Sultan's, and instructed her to say one hour
before daybreak, -'Sister, if you are not asleep
relate to m<* one of those delightful storie.
whlrh you know, as this will be tne last you
will be able to tell me." Scheherazade then
asked permission to grant her sister's last re
quest and, permission bein? granted, she com
menced to tell a story whicu did not end ai
daybreak, and it always left something to be
told in explanation. This story she told in the
hearing ot the Sultan, who became greatly in
terested, and in order to hear the balance
spared her Hie for one day. This went on for
1001 nights, when the Sultan's resentment
wns worn out, and his admiration for his Sul
tana was so great that he revoked his decree,
having found in the Princess a faithful, intel
ligent and loving wife.
LEGITIMATE JOURNALISM.
New York Newspaper Maker.
The Newspaper Maker is in entire so
cord with the Han Francisco Call's view
that a newspaper should sell news and noi
books, bicycles or baby-carriages. 11
should aim to give its readers the value oi
their money in fullness of its reports oJ
trade, politics, society and all the abound
ing activities of life. If it cannot giv«
news enough to justify the charge it makes
it should cease to call itself a newspaper
and solicit subscriptions only for its cou
pons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another aspect
that is too often overlooked. The press
stands in almost a confidential relation to
business. The newspaper and the mer
chant are allies. They are of mutual
helpfulness when each is conducted in
legitimate channels. When the news
paper, however, combines its press with a
junk»hop and proceeds to issue coupons
by whicu people can get a cheap rort of
books, bicycles or baby carriages at prices
far below what good articles can be sold
for by men who have a reputation as hon
est merchants to maintain, then the press,
instead of being the ally, becomes the foe
of the merchant.
Instead of building up trade it tends to de
moralize it, and not infrequently seriously
injures business by introducing into a
community an overstock of cheap articles
of one kind or another that prevents the
•ales of the merchant.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"If women have not finer sensibilities than
men," asked the defender of her sex, "then
why 13 it that men laugh and women weep at
a wedding?"
"Because they are not the ones who are get
ting married," answered tne coarse, heartless
man.— lndianapolis Journal.
Passenger— That young lady over In the cor
ner is very fair.
Conductor— BheT Why. she ain't bo fare at
all! She's a director's daughter riding on a
pass.— Waterbury.
Fuzzy— I don't believe that errand-boyi, as
a rule, are slow, do you?
Buzzy— No, indeed. Why, I know a boy in
particular who can read the whole of a penny
S,? v t, l . whlle he ' s walking half a mile.— London
l it-Bits.
"I had a fight yesterday with the boy next
door."
"Yes, his father callod at my office to-day
about it."
"I tope you came out as well as I di<V'— Life.
"So you have a new president in your Shake
speare Club."
"Yes, our last president did not fairly repre
sent us; she didn't like French, dressing on her
salads." — Chicago Record.
"Has Dr. Dobbs learned to ride a wheel yet?"
"No; he started to learn and carried his
surgical case with him for fear of accidents,
and then fell off on It and broke two ribs."—
Chicago Record. . :
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsehd's.*
— « — « — .
Fresh buttercups, a pound. Townsend's.»
Soft chewing molasses candy. Townsend's.*
« — ♦ . « ■- ..
A Nick present for • Eastern friends— Town-
Bend's Cal. glace truits, 50c lb. 627 Market SL "
■ ' » ■ ♦ ■ • ' ' '■ . . .
Special Information daily to manufacturers
business houses and public men by the Pros)
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
"And did my predecessor not find a place in
your hearts?" asked the new missionary.
"Well, the next thing to it," answered the
savage, guardedly.
As if to change the subject he solicitously in
quired of the stranger it it was hot enough for
him.— Detroit Tribune.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Vis I'nion Pacific.
r>NT V S^» DAYS TO CHICAGO— S%
OSLY 4^ DAYS TO NEW YOBK~*I£
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Cgden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, dally without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe,
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding oar
great excursion to the Yellowstone. Party leaves
here tho 12th of July. Weekly excursions In up
holstered tourist cars. No change. Lowest rates
to all pointß East. T. K. Staceler, atfent Northern
Pacific .Railroad, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
,»" m »
.Ladies never have any dyspepsia after a wine
glass of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters.
NEW TO-DAY.
REAL ESTATE
FOB SALE BY
los; Map I Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
111101 TRUST BUILDISfi, CORSER 3U&KET.
HOUSES AND LOTS. 83500 TO S9SOO.
Reduced to $6250:1 California st., ML side, near
Webster; 26x132 ;6, and good 2-story, in test-class
order. <; " . - ■ . . )
Octavia St., bet. Broadway and Vnllpjo; 2Bx
112:6, and 2-story in good order: 8 rooms, bath,
etc: fine view: $6000; easy terms.
Bush St., near Flllmore; 87x137:6, and fine 2-
story and basement hous?: 10 rooms and bath; in
flisi-class order; very sunny; $5500.
NW. cor. Fill more and Filbert; 24x100. and cot-
ta«e: S3OOO.
$5350— Very fine house and lot. -'5x100 ; McAl-
lister, near Baker: very easy terms; only 91500
cash required.
Octavia and Hickory aye.; corner and 2-story
and basement house, in good order; bet. Oak and
Fell; $4500.
Cnliiorula-s*. residence, W. of Lagans: lot 27:6
x 137:6, and fine residence; nearly $3000 lately
spent oa it; fine' view from rear windows: only
*8500.
$2500—25x114 and rear cottage; rents- $18: 6
rooms; : Twenty-third St., near San Jose aye.;
street accepted. ■
$•2500— Cottage and basement; fine garden; lot
25.i114 Ford St.. between tranches and >><><*.
Kedaced to $4650; shotwell st., W. side, near
Twenty-second; 50x96:6, and • two cottages, 6
rooms and bath each; rents $30: fine street. -
- Liberty St.. 25x115, and comfortable two-story,
between Valencia and Guerrero; one of tbe llnest
residence streets of the Mission : reduced to $3750.
Stevenson St.; rents $60; 3 two-story andibaso-
ment houses, and lot 50x70; only $15500.
LOW - PRICED PACIFIC HEIGHTS
;i tOTS, VIEW OF BAY, »1500 TO
•15,000.
Only $4500: corner Devlsadero and Vallejo;
87:6x100;. unsurpassed marine view. \ _„._„
Very cheap; marine view: lots 25x100: $2500:
Devlsadero st., near Broadway.
Pacific aye. and Pierce, .-<W. corner; 68:9 x
137:8, $13,000: or 34:4x127:9, $7800; good view
and fine surroundings. ■ .
Broadway, north side; 34:4x137:6: $7000;
grnnd marine view; bet. Flllmore and «telner.
Pacific and Baker, NW. corner; 60x132:4: $14,-
-000: one of- the finest residence lots on Pacitio
Heißhts. "' -
SW. corner Broadway and Stelner; 27:6x110;
$4500: good view: streets In order. •-
Pacific avi-fX. side; any size, 25, 50, or 75 feet
front ; price reduced to $200 a foot: marine view.
-HE. corner Va!le]o' s>nd stelner; fine marine '
view; 37:ix137:«; $4250; or larger size. -
-Union st., N. side; magnificent view: 27:6 x
127:6; $2 1 00 ouly ; between Scott and Cevisadero.
In Baldwin Park. - .
.. Scott st., W. side, near Green; fine view; SOx'
107:653450. • -C
Green St., N. r side, near Bcott; fine view; SOx
107:6; $3450; or 60x107:3.
Broadway, near Fillmore: 25x127:6; $3135;
or any size; good view.
Stelner st.. near Broadway; any • sire front by
137:6 deep at $100 a foot,
X).-v:sadero street, W. side; fine view of the bay;
34x100, or larger sire: between Green and
- Union; will be sold cheap.
Union 8.., X. side, between Devlsadero and
Brcderick; 27:6x137:6; $1850; bay view;
cable-cars pass. >
Greco street; 3 'lots left; 27:6x137:8; only
, $1500 each; between Flllmore and Stelner.&4» . n o£tU
SATURDAY MAY 30, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
BALnwrN Thiateb.- "Love On Crutches."
Columbia Thkatf.b— «' Miss liarum Scarum."
Mobosco's OrißA-HoDBK— -Metamora."
5 :vom OpKKA-HorßK.— "Uncle Tom s Cabin."
Okpheum— Hlßh-Class Vaudeville.
Thk Emporium.— Concert to-night by the Em-
porium Orchestra .
Cesteal Pa be.- Races. : v * "i ;
Sbtbo Con icy Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot thk Chutes— Dally at Halght street, one
Mock east of the Park.
Blair Pajik (Oakland).— Balloon Ascension
and Parachute Leap. • »
i »vii-H coast Jockey club.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EXCXTKSION TO THK SaXTA CBUZ MOUNTAINS—
Thursday, June 4.
AUCTION SALhS.
Bt F. .T. Kkblkb— day, (Saturday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at V p. m.
By Frank W. Buttebfikld — This day
(Saturday Grocery Store, at 1017 Valencia St.,
at 11 o'clock. s . 'z > i
By Eastox A Eldridoe— Tuesday, June 2,
j Heal Estate, at 638 Market su, at 12 o'clock noon.
By G. H. Umbses A Monday, June 8.
Real Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon. ■■--• -'- ■ '•'-'?> :
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The regatta of the South End Rowing Club
will be held at El C&mpo to-day.
The Caledonian Club will hold its annual
games at Shell Mound Park to-day.
The California Pharmaceutical Society held
its annual session in this City yesterday.
•The Interstate Coursing Club will hold its
second meeting to-day at Ingleside Park.
Durrant has been riven a further stay of
proceedings, until June-1, by Judge Murphy.
Emilie Valentine is suing her husband, .Jacob
Valentine, for support for herself and her
children.
The weather forecast for to-day is "probably
fair, southwesterly winds, becoming uorth
westerty."
The will of Gerrett Middlehoff, leaving a
fSO.ooO estate to near lelatives, has been filed
f<>r probate.
Several gun club teams left for Stockton last
evening to participate in the inanimate target
tournament.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted J. E.
Bianther for the murder of Philopena Lang
feid, on May 15.
Yesterday was the last day of the Alameda
floral fete, given by the Woman's Relief Ex
change of that place.
F. W. Armstrong is suing Charles A. Davis,
the owner of a dog, for- damages for injuries
inflicted by the dog.
Rev. Dr. Dille delivered an illustrated lecture
last night at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium upon
"American Shrines."
The City Hall Commissioners are studying
art so as to select the designs for an artistic
glass dome to the hall.
The Mission High School Club gave an en
juyable entertainment last night at Horace
Mann Grammar School.
The first baseball match of the season be
tween league teams will be decided to-day at
the Presiaio athletic grounds.
John Williams, an insane prisoner, tried to
kill a hospital steward and a Deputy Sheriff
yesterday with a pocketknife.
Herman Bronke and wife told some very
sensational stories of each other yesterday in
Police Judge Campbell's court.
P. Shirek, dry goods, 1310 Market street, has
assigned. The liabilities are about $21,000
and the assets perhaps $15,000.
The winuing horses at Ingleside yesterday
were: Rey Del Bandido*. Laura Burt, Lucille,
Walter J, Horatio and Carnation.
The San Francisco branch of the "Volunteers
of America," tbe seceding faction of the Sal
vation Army, will be organized to-nleht.
Mayor Sutro is strongly opposed to theprant
ingof the application of the Geary-street road
for a fifty-year extension of its franchise.
There is a lively interest in Harrison Gulch,
a new gold camp sixty miles from Red Bluff,
in the remote nor:hern part of Shasta County.
Gold, silver and bronze medals were distrib
uted last eveninjj to the police officers who
made the best pistol target records since last
October.
The will of Mrs. Emeline Wallace, leaving
her entire estate to herchildren, has been filed
for probate. The property is worth over
$10,000.
The alumni of Senta Clara College, among
whom were several prominent men, met Thurs
day night in annual reunion at a banquet in
the Palace.
Vice-consul Todd of Guatemala, now here,
sayt> times axe a little quieter in Guatemala,
though there is a big coffee crop to be har
vested in August.
The Richmond District Is terrorized by a
gang of daring burglars to such an extent
that the residents have organized a mutual
protection anti-burglar society.
Judge Cofley rendered a decision last night
holding John F. Moore, administrator of the
OftiUe of the late A. P. Moore, owner of Santa
Rosa Island, accountable for $60,000.
The Women's Campaign Committee held a
meeting at Mrs. Sargent's residence yesterday
a/ternoon to devise means and ways" to. make
an active campaign fight for their rights.
General Warfield, president of the San Fran
cisco festival committee, says that the people
want the carnival. The committee is consider
ing the question of having a king or queen.
The thunderstorm of yesterday morning did
no damasre in the City. Lightning arresters at
the Government station at Lime Point were
burned out. The storm was the result of hot
weather and the friction of hail.
The quartermaster-general of the army, R.
N. Batchelder, and Major George W. Davis, the
military secretary of Daniel S. Lamont, Secre
tary of War. are making official inspection of
military posts in the department.
An alarm was sounded through box 46 last
evening at 6 o'clock for a fire, caused by
sparks, on tbe roof of the Baltimore House,
corner of Grant avenne and Sutter street. The
damage will amount to about $50.
Secretary Willcutt yesterday persisted in his
refusal to produce the books of the Market
street Railroad Company in court. The day
was occupied with the taking of testimony
relative to the value of the stock and bonds of
the company.
A committee composed of members of the
different business organizations of the City
drafted resolutions yesterday favoring more
funds for the Health Department, and the es
tablishment of City ambulances and of a
chemical laboratory.
E. H. Hinton, general agent of the Panama
Railroad Company, in an Interview states that
Central and South American commerce is
neglectea by American manufacturers with
out good cause to the advantage of German
and English merchants.
The jury in the Mars murder ca»e returned
a verdict virtually acquitting Rea and finding
the other seven defendants guilty of man
slaughter, but Judge Belcner refused to accept
the verdict because of & contradiction o#
terms. Tbe Jury was locked up for the night.
During the recent etreetcar transfer troubles
Frederick Wagner got into a difficulty with
the conductor and gripman of a Market-street
car. In the struggle several blows were struck
and Wagner was arrested for battery. His
case came up yesterday before Police Judge
Conlan. but it was continued to next week as
the accused demanded a jury trial.
Cafe Zinkainl Up to the Time*.
During the hot weather that prevailed
tbe early part of tbe week the Cafe Zink
and was crowded all day, ladies predomi
nating. Tbe place is in high favor with
the lair sex, »• they feel quite at ease in
going there without an escort if desired.
Shlrek Has Failed.
8. Shirek. proprietor of the Chicago
store, a small retail dry-goods establish
ment at 1310-1312 Market street, has trans
ferred his assets,; estimated at between
$10,000 and $15,000, to B. Sweitzer of
Sweitzer <fc Co., Battery street, to be dis
posed of for the benefit of local creditors.
The liabilities amount to about $21,000.
The store was closed yesterday and men
were busy taking an inventory of stock.
When it shall be ascertained what the
assets are the creditors— principally dry
goods firms in this City— will meet to de
termine upon how the settlement shall be
made.
Shirek has been in the business for nine
years, the last three of which were spent
In the present location, just above the
juncti jn of McAllister and Market streets.
Prealdlo Athletic Grounds.
The Presidio athletic grounds will not open
to-day as the street is not in condition. The
grounds will only be open for practice for some
time.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE GARTHA.
Caught in a Severe Gale
Off the Farallone
Islands.
LOST SOME OF HER YARDS
Unemployed Vessels Crowding
Into Ricbardsons Bay
to Lie Up.
DESEBTEES FROM THE DIRIGO.
They Arrived From Honolulu on the
American Bark Martha Davis
Yesterday.
The Norwegian bark Gartha, which ar
rived from Antofagasta yesterday, with a
cargo of nitrate, had a narrow escape on
the 24th in<t. The vessel was off the Far
allones and Captain Tengelsen was pre
paring to dress shipin honor of the British
Qu; en's birthday.
Ail went well until a small cloud ap
peared on the horizon, and then danger
was scented. The captain examined the
barometer and found the glass falling. He
ordered the sail shortened, but before the
men could carry out the order the fore
upper topsail and main top gallant yards
were carried away.
Heavy cross seas kept the vessel in a
dangerous position for many hours, but
finally she was got before the wind And
damages were repaired. The storm wao
ridden out and port finally reached.
The Gartha is one of the prettiest barks
that have reached San Francisco in many
months. In spite of the heavy weather
encountered she is as clean as a yacht, and
| people who boarded her yesterday said
i she was as trim alow as aloft. She is
loaded with nitrate and is here seeking a
! charter. The chances are that she will
i join the fleet now at anchor in Richard
j sons Bay.
The British ships Ecclefechan and Orion
joined the Sausalito fleet yesterday. There
is no chance of a charter, bo their owners
determined to lay them up.
The barkentine S. N. Castle went to the
Fulton Iron Works yesterday to take
| aboard & set of boilers for the new hawai
: ian steamer James McGee. Tne latter is
| at Honolulu and has already received her
| machinery from this port. As soon as her
boilers are placed in position she will have
her trial trip and be put in the inter-island
\rade.
Tne cruiser Philadelphia will be open
for inspection to-day. The Ethel and
Marion will make hourly trips to her from
I Clay-street wharf, and should the weather
be tine thousands will avail themselves of
the opportunity to view the admiral's flag
ship.
The British ship Blackbraes from Liver
pool for San Francisco has had many un
fi rtunate experiences. A few hours after
getting under way she ran into a hurricane
and Captain Chisholtn put back in distress.
Early in January she made another start
and was in collision off Birkenhead.
Again she returned to port and after being
. repaired made another start. A tew days
ago she put into Monte Video leaking anrt
with her rudder damaged. Yesterday
came the news that her cargo was afire.
She is loaded partly with coal, the remain
ing space being filled with general mer
| cbanaise.
Howard-street wharf had a narrow es
cape a few days ago. The Samaria was
discharging blacksmiths 1 coal into the
bunkers and also in sacks on the wharf.
The latter exploded and a still alarm was
turned in. The chemical engine was first
on the scene and soon drowned the fire.
Had the firemen been less prompt, how
ever, the fire might have developed into a
serious conflagration.
The only American steel built ship in
the world— the Dirigo — is getting into ill
repute. She left here for Honolulu to load
sugar and on arriving at that port the
crew deserted. They say— that is, those
who have reached San .Francisco — that
they were not half fed and had to do
double work. Two of them got away on
the British .ship Hollinwood and two
arrived yesterday on the bark Martha
; Davis. They made themselves a bed
among the sugar In the hold of the bark,
| and although the captain of the Dirigo
I and the Honolulu Chief of Police searched
for them their hiding place copld not be
found. When the Martha Davis was out
side the reef the men came on deck, and
sooner than put back to land them Cap
tain Soule brought them to San Francisco.
They say that all hands attempted to de
sert on account of ill-tret.tment, out that
all were arrested except four. According
to them the ship was a hell upon eartn
and the captain and officers fiends in
carnate.
The water front will be gay to-morrow.
The Corinthian Yacht Club will hold its
annual regatta. The South End Rowing
Club will also celebrate at El Campo and
several excursions around the bay will be
in order. El Campo, tbe favorite picnic
ground, is now in all the glory of its sum
mer dress and whoever visits it to-day may
rest assured of an enjoyable time.
The old Couzens drydock was removed
from its moorings yesterday and is now
anchored off the Mission Rock. In future
the Merchants' drydock will handle all
the business.
AGAINST SILURIANS.
Southside Exerntire Committee Urgea
the SnperTlnorn to Narrow the
,- Folaom-Street Sidewalk*.
The executive committee of the South
side Improvement Club held a special
meeting yesterday afternoon to consider
what plans should be pursued in the mat
ter of narrowing the sidewalks on Folsom
street, between Third and Ninth, in light
of the recent action of the Street Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors in setting
aside their petition for thirty days.
The following resolutions as a result of
the meeting were drafted and adopted:
Whereas, Efforts have been made for the iast
thirteen months to Improve the Mission and
Southsiderdistricts, ana the Supervisors have
let a contract to repave Folsom street, from
Sixth to Nineteenth; and whereas, this work
is now under way and, when completed, will
be an ornament to not only that jport ioi» of tbe
City, but an improvement which will be used
by all section*: and whereat, a few Silurians
have petitioned the Board oi Supervisors not
to accede to the expressed wishes of a great
majority of the property-owners between
Third and Ninth streets as set forth in their
petition, to mirrow the sidewalks of these
dlockk on Folsom street; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the executive committee of
the Southside and Ko 1 mo m -street clubs urge the
Board of Supervisors to override the protest of
the minority and accede to the wishes of the
large majority, as expressed in their petition
said petition numbering about 5000 feet as
against 1400 feet of Silurian protestants.
SUGGESTED BY BLANTHER AND
DUNHAM.
In the good old time .
The hunted man of crime
.Was wont a horse to steal.
The outlaw of to-day .
Travels a modern way: ,-
He simply takes a wheel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
The Norwegian Bark Gartha, Captain Jengelsen, Which Lost Her Main Topgallant and Upper Topsail
Yards on the Queen's Birthday, One Hundred Miles Off San Francisco.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
NOT "JAY" BUT
RATHER ARTISTIC.
Beautiful Display by the
i Local Mosaic Glass
Makers
IN THE CITY HALL DOME
The Commissioners in a Quan
dary as to Which Designs
to Choose.
THE GEOMETRIC IS FAVORED.
Human Figures Sad to Appear Fore
shortened on a Concave Trans
parent Surface.
Auditor Broderick would like to have
four or tive domes on the City Hall, in
stead of only one.
He expressed that opinion yesterday
afternoon in the library of City and County
Attorney Creswell as he was examining
the designs exhibited there from which a
selection is soon to be made for the
mosaic glasswork to form the inner dome.
There are acting Mayor Taylor, Mr.
Creswell and Mr. Broderick, as City Hall
Commissioners, who must make the selec
tion, and upon iheir judgment must stand
or fall this City's reputation for good taste
or the lack of it.
Fortunately these gentlemen cannot
possibly go wrong to any very great ex
tent, not, perhaps, that they might not do
so from an artistic standpoint if an oppor
tunity presented itseJf, but from the fact
that all the exhibits are good, like excel
lent wine, a matter of taste alone making
one more appreciated than the other.
The Commissioners advertised for bids
some weeKs ago inviting competition on
the contract lor the mosaic glass dome
which is to adorn the inside of the recently
constructed bronze dome, on the apex of
which Rupert Scbmid's beautiful statue
of Justice has been placed as a permanent
fixture.
An outside figure of $5 a square foot was
stipulated for the main panels, twelve in
number, and for otuer and less important
work an allowance of $3 and $2 50 was al
lowed as maximum figures.
The bias were opened a couple of days
aj»o, but only two concerns followed the
lines indicated, the others bidding for the
work at a set price for the entire work.
The bids were as follows: California
Art Glass Works, $19,781, $15,9*5: Thomas
C. Butterworth, $20,779, $14,839: F. N.
Woods & Co., $15,695.
These figures were lumped, giving a
maximum and minimum price according
as to the desire of the Commissioners to
select figure or geometrical designs.
Two other firms entered the competi
tion on the so much per foot proposition.
They are W. P. Fuller & Co. and the
Pacific American Decorating Company,
both making bids on the total work sev
eral hundred dollars less than the other
bids, the Pacific American Decorating
Company being the lowest.
But then, speaking of art, it does not
seem in good taste to mention the. coast,
although the Commissioners no not ap
pear to be of that opinion. They have
caused the various competitors to tile their
drawings and each day they survey them,
shake their heads and go away undecided.
The cost of that beautiful dome is the
stickler, and they are not in a hurry to
make a choice of designs for fear of criti
cism as to their judgment. It is likely,
therefore, that with the designs being so
nearly even as to beauty ana merit the
lowest bid will take tue contract.
From an artistic standpoint this City
may well be proud. She may be "jay,"
according to Foli, Lottie Collins and James
J. Corbett. so far as singing, dancing and
drama go, but she certainly can produce
artists in mosaic glasswork of which any
country might be proud.
Thomas C. Butterworth has furnished
the drawings of the work he proposes
doing if he is the successful competitor.
The main features he presents are figures
in heroic panels. "Commerce," twelve
feet in height and proportionally built,
seated on a winged chariot, is one of
the main panels. Others, representing
"Scenery," "Drama," "Literature," "Sci
ence," "Justice" and "Mining,' 1 are also
designed. Mr. Butterworth's work goes
mainly to figures, his success at which in
church windows has made him a name in
this country.
The California Glass Company also runs
mainly to figures, allegorical and other
wise. As a matter of fact- nearly all the
bidders excepting the Pacific American
Decorating Companj have run in the old
time style, copying beautiful but well
known models.
The last-named institution has devoted
its efforts principally to geometric de
signs, claiming, with some degree of logic,
that the panels placed in the dome must
be concave in shape, and being transparent
as well, a perspective cannot be obtained.
Hence, excepting when viewed from a pie
cise point of vantage, the human figures
must necessarily be distorted.
As there are twelve panel? to be viewed
but one figure could show up well, while
the other eleven must present foreshort
ened appeal ances.
.This is well understood by fresco artists
whose work is on the opaque. They in
variably avoid placing figures where a con
cave occurs, reserving flat surfeces or
panels for them.
The Commissioners have been taking art
lessons galore of late and they have an ele
gant opportunity to choose from a lot of
meritorious work. Each exhibitor has
ample displays both in figure and in
geometrical designs and it is more than
probable tbe latter will be the choice.
BRONKE'S TROUBLES.
Husband and Wife Make Serious
Charges Against Each Other.
The Bronke family had their day in
court yesterday, before Judge Campbell,
and they entertained the Judge and the
usual courtroom audience with sensational
charges und countercharges against each
other. They live at 1336 Alabama street.
Herman Bronke is an assayer. For a
long time past, while the couple have re
sided under the same roof, they have not
associated with each other any more than
they could help. Some time ago the wife
endeavored to secure a divorce from Her
man on the ground of adultery, but failed.
The last cause for bringing the assayer
into court was a battery committed by the
man upon Mrs. Bronke, so she stated in
her complaint.
On the witness - stand yesterday the
woman testified that on last Saturday
night Bronke threatened to kill her. To
make good the threat he put the noose of
a rope around her neck and started-to haul
her up to the gas-fixtures. Neighbors re
sponded to her screams. She also testified
that her husband had purposely put rat
poison in her food and coffee in order to
get rid of her that he might Becure her
property.
Bronke was equally primed with sensa
tional testimony. He said that the woman
was a widow when he married her five
years ago in Milwaukee. He afterward
learned that her former husband had been
found dead, with five bullets in his head.
Bronke asserted that thore was a strong
suspicion at the time that the man's vio
lent death had been the result of the wife's
desire to secure a $2000 life -insurance
policy.
Judge Ca-mpbeU said that he would hear
the remainder of the interesting tales on
Monday.
MIXED IN THE MARS CASE
Peculiar Verdict Returned by
the Jury, Which Was
Not Final.
Judge Belcher 'Refused to Accept the
Finding as Presented — The
Jury Sill Out,
The Mars murder case was on before
Superior Judtre Belcher yesterday, and
from early in the day nntil late at night
the jurymen were endeavoring to reach a
verdict. In this case James Holmes, WO
liam Starr, Daniel Dunn, J. D. Mcßea,
Mat Collins, W. Uowling, E. G. Waltz and
W. McCoy, members of the Lathers'
Union, were accused oi having murdered
C.A.Mars. It will be remembered that
during.the strike of the lathers in the be
ginning of March Mars had the contract
to do the lathing on a row of buildings on
Fourth and Welch streets. One March 10
he was working at his job, assisted by bis
son, Charles F. Mars, and a man named
Michael Meaty.
Finding him at work the strikers sur
rounded the building. They first as
saulted Thomas Mars, a ion of the
deceased lather, who was carrying bundles
of laths to his father and the other men.
His outcries brought his brother, Charles
F. Mars, to tne rescue, but he, too, was
assaulted and quLrkiy overpowered.
In the meantime some o! the strikers
had reached the room where Mars the
elder was working. What happened in
the room is not known. That there was a
desperate fight was evident, for when the
lather was rescued he was so dazed he
could not speak. He had been badly
beaten about the bead and face, but be
managed to reach home with some assist
ance. There he became unconscious.
From March 10 until March 19 he re
mained in a semi-unconscious state. He
could not speak at any lime after reaching
home and on March 19 he died.
The Coroner's autopsy revealed but little \
more than that he had died from some '
injury to the brain caused by blood
pressure.
At 5:30 o'clock the jury returned with a I
verdict practically acquitting Mcßea, but j
rinding the other defendants guilty of in- j
voluntary manslaughter, "not amounting
to felony."
Judge Belcher refused to accept this ver
dict on the ground that involuntary man
slaughter is of itself a felony. The fore
man called attention to the Judge's
charge, in which he explained what con
stitutes manslaughter in these words:
"It is of two kinds. First, voluntary
upon a sudden quarrel or heat of passion;
second, involuntary in the commission of
an unlawful act not amounting to felony,
or in the commission of an unlawful act
that might produce death, etc."
Judge Belcher explained that "not
amounting to a felony" referred to the
word "act," and not to manslaughter. He
told the jury to again retire and decide
upon a verdict. Later in the evening they
were taken out to dinner. Not being able
to decide Judge Belcher went away and
the jury was locked up for the night. The
Judi;e will meet with the jury again this
morning.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
BOLD BURGLARS
IN RICHMOND.
Residents of the District in
Constant Dread of
Them.
ANGELL'S HOME LOOTED
The Thieves Entered From the
Rear and Stole Money
and Jewels.
PROTECTION SOCIETY FOEMED.
Raising Chickens Had to B- Aban
doned B canse the Fowl
Were Stolen.
Burglars have been so active in the
Richmond District of late that many of
the people out there are living in fear of
thieves. The Richmond residents do not
feel easy at night in consequence.
This precaution is the result of the
daring burglaries committed in that dis
trict from time to time within the past
year.
So bold have the thieves become that the
idea of raising poultry has been aban
doned, altogether, for no sooner is the
cackle of the chicken heard than the roost
is raided. Hence the ladies out there
have had their chicken-coons torndown.
Outhouses have to be locked and stabies
and woodsheds secured, as even a solitary
harness-strap or lonely ax or saw is car
ried off by the light-handed burglar.
A system of exchange vigilance has been
established by the people, so that when
one family leaves home the neighbor un
dertakes the care of the property.
Unfortunately for T. W. An^ell, who re
sides at some distance from any neighbor,
this good fellowship uid not extend to
him, and as a consequence his house at
112 Third avenue was entered through the
kitchen window last Monday evening, be
tween 7 and 9 o'clock, and $150 worth of
jewelry taken.
Tne "burglars were familiar with the
habits of Mr. Angel l's hous hold. It was
the custom of Mrs. Angell after dinner to
go to her hus-baiid's store on Third street
to accompany him home about 9 o'clock.
This was done Monday eveningas usual,
and as the evening was very warm and
the neighbors deserted the inside of their
dwellings for the more cooling location of
the doorsteps and the sidewalks, she felt
quite easy in her mind regarding her
home.
But in this she was mistaken, for on her
return she found her rooms in a disordered
condKion. Every drawer had been emptied
on the floor and her jewelry was missing.
The thieves evidently had been surpribed
as the silverware which was exposed to
view, had not been touched.
An examination of the premises showed
that the thief or thieves had climbed over
the back fence and forced open the dinine
room window, thereby gaining an en
trance.
As is customary, the police are looking
for the thieves. and the stolen property.
The Richmond district has but two po
lice officers. Those guar.iians have to
patrol an area of about two square miles,
which the people living out there think is
too much to insure them the protection
they are entitled to.
Let the cause be what it may, the Rich
mond district is profitable camping-ground
for thieves.^
CLERK CURRY'S EXPENSES.
Estimate* of Financial Needs for the
Coming Fiscal Year.
County Clerk Curry has filed with the
Auditor his estimate of expenses for the
coming fiscal year, as follows: Clerks,
$126,600; stationery, books, printing,
etc., $0000; printing transcript on appeal in
criminal cases, $6000. Total, $138,000. Mr.
Curry figures that ihe transcript on appeal
in the .Durrant case will cost the City
$2500.
The Park Commissioners have also esti
mated their financial needs, as follows:
Construction — Buena Vista Park. $5000;
electric plant, $18,000; building for electric
works, $aOOO; new bridge, $30,000; bridle
Daths, naJMO; footpaths. $15,000; music
stand, $5O00; great highway, *b"000; bicycle
paths, $7D00; wnterpipe, $10,000; improve
ments of grounds, $25.0OO; planting arbor
etum, $2500; new cases for museum, $4500;
loam for forest trees, $60,000. Total, $206,000.
Maintenance — Grounds, roads and walks,
$120,000; police. $20,000; museum, $5500;
music. $4000; for<-Ms. :»i;.-»00; Point Lobos
road, $3000. Total, $159,000.
Paper-Hangers' Election.
The Paper-hangers met last night at 115
Turk street and elected officers for the ensuing
term as follows: L. F. Danforth, president;
Al Parks, vice-president; L. A. Taylor, secre
tary; George Donovan, financial secretary; B.
B. Brown, treasurer; Charles Doyle, preceptor;
R. Baker, conductor; J. A. McAuliffe, warden;
executive board— B. B. Brown, J. O. Leany, J;
A.- McAuliffe; by-law board — "J. W. Rose,
Charles Doyle, A Park, L. A. Taylor.
I Memorial Day Literary and J
| Musical Exercises at ... . . • I
js This Saturday Evening at 8 o'clock under §
I The auspices of the I
I Grand Army of the Republic. |
| Two letters that tell the whole story : |
$1 SAN FRANCISCO, May 20. B
|l BOARD OF MANAGERS, "Emporium," City -Gentlemen : It »
w having been the custom for years for the G. A. R. to hold musical and $
& literary exercises on the evening of Memorial day, May 30, at some con- §[
it venient hall or theater accessible to the members, their families and their j
S friends; and, there being no arrangements made this year for such an enter- 8 ■
IP tainment, the Grand Army will deem it a favor to be allowed to hold such §,
ffl exercises under the dome of your beautiful structure, and therefore most Iv !
« respectfully ask you to throw open your doors to-morrow evening for the «N
hi purpose indicated. Awaiting your reply we remain, yours respectfully, '■ %
I) • • H. W. MORTIMER,' JH
a Chairman General Memorial Day Committee, 1896, President of the Day, 8/
\ff . Commander Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. ' ■
ffl A. J. VINING, Commander George H. Thomas Post No. 12, G. A. R. I|
M . ' May 29, 1896. w\
U Mr. H. W. Mortimer, President of the Day, G. A. R., and Mr. A. J. JK
3* Vining, Commander George H. Thomas Post, No. 2, G. A. R., City— 5/
(8 Gentlemen: In reply to your esteemed favor of even date, at a special (S
(a meeting of the Board •of Managers of the EMPORIUM, held immediately }S
54 upon the receipt of your communication, it was decided to open the store at «
M 7:30 P. M. Saturday, May 30, to the "G. A. R.," their friends and the |1
)j general public, and to recall our previous announcements that the store W
> * would remain closed day and evening Memorial Day. ' $1
p We beg to tender you the services of the EMPORIUM Orchestra, who iff
J • will render a program especially adapted for the occasion. •' |\*
f| ■ Consider the store entirely at : your service and make such arrange- t§
M ments as you deem proper. : Yours very respectfully, m
Board ef Managers. Jt
W^E. JOSLYN, Secretary. »
ra There will be addresses by General W. H. L. Barnes and others, til
gj vocal music by the Plymouth Male Quartet and well-known soloists, and *fx
sj the orchestra will render this - ' N\
Jl :& ■ PROG%A£M: ■ |
(R TART I. PART . %
W- /. March," Washington Tost" - Sousa 8. Fantasu, "Old Kentucky [^
vi 2. Overture, "Rien^e" - - Wagner. Home" - - - - - - Roman Irt
m 3- Trombone solo, "Let Me Like a > ■9. Walt{," Vienna Girls" - Zeilrer X
M" Soldier Fill" L.Klot^- Wallace id. Jin American Trip to ' Britain X/
I 4. Walt^, "Wine, Women, Song" .. , - - PART - - - Loesch g)
1. March," Washington Tost" - Sousa 8. Fantasie, "Old Kentucky
2. Overture, "Rien^e" - - Wagner Home" ------ Roman l!jj
3. Trombone solo, " Let Me Like a 9. Walt^," Vienna Girls" - Zeilrer «(
Soldier FjII," L. Klotf - Wallace id. Jin American Trip to "Britain fij
4. Walt^, "Wine, Women, Song" -------- Loesch g)
Q -------- Strauss 11. Indian War Dance - - Bcllstedt iS
W 5. Southern Patrol - - - Voelker .12. (March, "Emporium" - - 'M.
x| 6. Totpourri, "American National - .- - - - - (Marquardt *3
pfi Jlirs" ------ Grant 13. "ground the Metropolis,". |x
flj 7. Review of 250 Years of (Military vox populi - ... Beyer «
J? Marches - - - - Schreiner 14. Galop, "Attaque" • - Kegel M
NEW TO-I. AY— AMUSEMENTS.
rniCDLAnOtR.OOTTLOD<» o>- it»csA.ianAn*6Ui4---
THE FUNNIEST OUT!
♦'MISS HARUM SCAKUMI"
A MY LEE, FRANK DOANE and Company.
• MONDAY NEXT
THE FRAVVLEY COMPANY
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS!"
. The -lightest Comedy Written.
t . SKATS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. t»sK»iiNK Kuklino, Proprietor & Alan-iTor
— -IjAST NIGHTS
. ' Of the Operatic Production of
"UMLETOrSCABJF
-3XT232KIT "WEEK I
Audran's Favorite Opera,
OLIVETTE !
"The Torpedo and the. Whale I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
- The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROauo. Bole Lessee and itan&ga:
THIS KVKNINti AT KIOHT.
Last Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
—EDMUND K. COLLIER—
In the Stirring, Drama,
"METAMORA!"
Not Seen In This City for Twenty-five Years.
JLvKiriNn PRICK-*— and 53a.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10c. ■
Usual Matinees 'Saturday ana aan day.
SUTRO BATHS.
nEMORIAL DAY CELEBRATION
SATURDAY - - -. - - MAT 30, 1896
MAGNIFICENT SERIES OF
ARMY and NAVY TABLEAUX.
All the Prominent scenes . -
; Of Our American Wars ...
.. Carefully Reproduced.
GRAND MILITARY CONCERT
By First Regiment Band.
. " GENE It AL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10 Cents. .. Children, 5 Cents.
THE CHUTES!
-MEMORIAL FIREWORKS-
THIS EVENING AT 9:30.
HEROES OF THE WAR!
GREAT BATTLES and
CAPTURE OF FORT DONALDSON I
BALLOON ASCENSION IN THE AFTERNOON.
BAIXOON ASCENSIONS
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Admission 1O Cents. Children 5 Cents.
LADIES DAY AT CENTRAL PARK.
Afternoon and evening 'of - May 30. • Compli-
mentary benefit tendered the Alpha ladles' Cy-
cling Club. One hundred men will race. Grand
display of fire works. Popular prices. Ladles free.
meW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
A i. 11a yuan <£ Co. (Incorporated) . . . . . Proprietors
miss adaTrehan,
Under the Management of Mr. An^uslln Daly.
MATINEE TO-DAY LAST TIME
A MiDSIM iMGlin DRE.4JR.
TO-NIGHT— OnIy Time— Delightful Comedy,
LOVE ON CRUTCHES.
NEXT WEEK— Last.Week of MISS KEHAX—
. Monday and Wednesday Evenings, '
"TWELFTH NIGHT."
Tupßday evening and Wednesday matinee,
"THK SCHOOL FOB SCANDAL."
Thursday evening— only time— double bill—
••THK UKLLi: s STRATAGEM." and
••THK HONKYMO. N,"
Friday and Saturday evgs. and Saturday matinee.
"TAMING OF THK SHBKW."
Monday, June B— NAT C. (jOODWIN in Thomas'
successful character comedy, "In Mlzzoura."
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (.Saturday), May 30.
Best Reserved >e.us 25c. Children 10c.
McAvoy and .May, Lizzie It. Kaymond,
Golden, Chalfant and Golden and others.
. Reserved Seats. '^sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
ami Box seats. 50c. ... '
Coming— Edlaon's Marvel. "The Vltascope." .
GRAND CONCERT,
BALLOON ASCENSION
PARACHUTE LEAP,
By PROFESSOR ROBERT EARLSTON,
BLAIR PARK, 3 P. M..
Saturday and Sunday, May 30 and 31.
NEW ATTRACTION '
THE MODERN SANDOW.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
■ . (Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.) j*
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H. .
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take' Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. M.
Fare - for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric Line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKELS, W. a LEAKE,
President. - becretary.
. PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS. "
FAMILY EXCURSION
— TO—
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Personally conducted* by WM. : H. MEXTOS,
Excursion Passenger Agent S. ' P. Co.
THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
ROUND TRIP g52» -m f^ j~^
TICKETS, gfo -B. M S-^% «3
From San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda. For
full information see poster advertisements or ap-
ply at Grand Hotel Ticket Office, •
: - ! "'■ -"JU3 Market street, S. F.
... . Wnen ordering please mennou ES3
7s
DE CORPORATION DAY
BOUQUETS FOR
HEROES AT REST,
Memorial Tributes Which
San Francisco Will
Render.
BLOSSOMS AND MUSIC.
Impressive Ceremonies to Take
Place at the Presidio
Cemetery.
SUPERB MILITARY DISPLAY.
The Main Procession in the City and
Review on Van Ness
Avenue.
The idea of Memorial day which General
John A. Logan had in mind when the sub
ject was first brought to the attention of
Congress is in fair way of fulfillment. He
believed that the time would come when j
all citizens, without regard to section,
society or pursuit, would in time observe
tue day in paying tribute to tbe memory
of tbe dead. Now it is the custom of many
families, societies and organizations wholly
outside of Grand Army circles to revere
the holiday and to accept the occasion as
one fitting for the bestowal of memorial
tributes.
This universal observance of the day is
regarded with special favor by veterans of
the Union army, and many express the
hope that in time every State and com
munity in the Union will honor the
custom.
In San Francisco to-day the League of
the Cross Cadets will act as escort to the
Grand Army, but the cadets will not for
get to decorate the graves of their own
comrades. A solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated this morning at St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, for
tbe repose of the souls of all deceased
members of the League of the Cross
Cadets. The celebrant at the mass will be
Rev. P. C Yorke. He will be assisted by
the chaplains of the cadet'oryanizaiions.
Company B, First Infantry Regiment of
the National Guard, one of the most hon
ored military organizations of tbe State,
will decorate the graves of comrades in the
various cemeteries.
One of the most unique scenes ever
witnessed in a synagogue will be pre
sented this evening in the Geary-street
temple of the Congregation Beth Israel,
where Garfield and Lincoln posts, G. A.
R., will assemble to participate in the
memorial services to be held there.
Rabbi M. S. Levy will deliver the ora
tion, and a special musical programme
has been arranged. The decorations will
be magnificent and fitting to the oc
casion.
All Grand Army men are specially in
vited to be present, and seats will be re
served for them, and the public generally
is invited to attend.
To-day respect will be paid to the
memory of veteran liremen. Laurel Hill
Cemetery is the resting place of 220 of
San Francisco's volunteer firemen. Fred
Kohler, the first Chief, and David Scan
neli rebt Bide by side. The graves of these
Oh! who would stand where hostile weapons gleam,
Where campfire glows, and destinies are cast,
Or tread that misty bridge which spans the stream
That sweeps between us and the tragic past :
To see the glare of crimson on the sky,
Or hear the woods resound again with clam'rous battle
cry?
Would'st view once more the heaps of mangled flesh,
Where rise the smothered moans of men in pain?
Would'st see the wounds of martyrs bleed afresh,
And red-mouthed trenches gaping for the slain;
The shivered saber and the crushed cuirass,
The hoof-flailed grain, the riven earth, the powder
blackened grass?
No I rather seek some consecrated court,
Where surpliced choir, with organ's solemn note,
Chant requiems for the dead; or boys in sport
Peer down the cannon's dark and rusty throat;
Where scents of roses drench the summer air
On ruined moat, and black and yellow tiger-lilies flare;
Or find the rent redoubt, where ivy creeps
O y er shattered shell and broken bayonet;
Planting its leafy standard on the steeps,
To win the grim, dismantled parapet;
Making a conquest none the less complete
Than when the savage slope was pressed with wounded,
weary feet.
The past has left its heritage of hate '
To souls still grieving for the dead adored,
But who would turn the dial-hand of Fate
To cancel legacies so golden-stored;
Or rouse the ranks from fratricidal field,
To place again the blot of bondage on a Nation's
shield? SAM DAVIS.
brave men and of many others will be
strewn with flower?.
The Memorial-day observance at the i
beautiful National Cemetery .JPresidio, will
be exceedingly interesting and impressive
and will doubtless assemble a large con
course of spectators. The exercises at the
cemetery will be conducted under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
Grand Array of the Republic. The pro
eessioti will move from the Presidio at .10
o'clock a. >i., sharp. Tne colnmn of
troops will be commanded by General
William M. Graham, T T . 8. A. Music will
be discoursed by the; Fifth United States
Artillery band. Four batteries and one
light battery of the Fifth United Slates
Artillery, commanded Major John A. Dar
ling, and twelve companies of the First
Regiment, National Guard of California,
commanded by Colonel William Macdon
ald, will present a military pageant of un
usual splendor. The First Regiment will
consist of thrpe batteries, commanded re
spectively by Majors Boxton, Sims and
Tilden, and headed by the splendid regi
mental band.
Irving M. Scott is to be the orator of the
day at the Presidio.
The main celebration to be formed in the
City under the auspices .of the general
memorial committee from Lincoln, Gar
fieid, Meude", Cass and Liberty posts will
be escorted by the First United States In
fantry, Captain O'Connell commanding.
The review will take place on Van Ness
avenue. The services at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery will be impressive. The column
will form at 9:30 o'clock, and move from
New Montgomery and Market streets at
10 o'clock. The Grand Marshal is Theo
dore Vincent Brown. A feature of the pro
cession will be the marines and sailors
from the Philadelphia and Monadnock.
To-morrow evening George H. Thomas
Post, by invitation, will visit the Emporium,
and perhaps literary exercises will take
place there.
Memorial Day at Yonntville.
Memorial exercises for 500 veterans of
the Soldiers' Home will begin at 2 p. m. to
i dar, with an address by Rev. Mr. Bur- !
bank. , In the eveninc, in the new hall, a !
memorial address will be given by Mrs. \
J. Murray Bailey of San Francisco, with J
other exercises, Colonel G. W. Walts, com- |
mandant, presiding. The school children
of the district will escort the veterans to i
and from the cemetery. The day's pro
ceedings will be under the auspices of
Unity Post, Grand Army of the Republic,
No. 171, F. L. Clarke commander.
AN ARMED MANIAC.
John "William*, an Innane Prisoner,
Use* a Pooket-Knife.
John Williams, a negro, was arrested on
Thursday evening on Market street and
charged with being insane. Yesterday
morning when Judge Sanderson and the
Commissioners of insanity went to Wil
liams' cell to inquire into his mental con
dition the negro sprang npon Steward
Bucner of the .Receiving Hospital and
made a savage slash at him with a knife
that he had succeeded in concealing in his
clothes. The blade cut a long slit iv the
steward's coat.
Deputy Sheriff Riley sprang upon the
maniac and his coat also was badly
slashed. It took the combined strength of
eight men to overpower ami disarm the
maniac A little later Williams succeeded
in breaking out of his straitjacket, and
he was not overpowered without another
severe struggle. He was sent to the asy
lum at Stockton.
Can See the Boolta.
Judge Belcher has affirmed the fine of .^SO
levied upon James Fisher by the Police Court
for refusing to show the books of the Mutual
Electric Light Company to one of the stock
holders. Fisher is secretary of the company
He said the stockholder made a general de^
mand— he did not ask for any particular book
so he was given none. Judge Belcher ruled
that the law gives a stockholder the privileKe
of seeing all the bookei at any time.
Church FectiTal.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the First Christian
Church, Twelfth street, near Howard, will Rive
a strawberry festival on Thursday evening
June 4. An interesting musical and literary
programme will be reudtred,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
HOLD THE ARMY
PURSE STRINGS.
Military Posts of the Har
bor Officially In
spected.
PRESIDIO WATER PLANT.
The Hill May Be Pierced by a
Tunnel to Increase the
Supply.
MORE BARRACK BUILDINGS.
Qaartermaster-General and Military
Secretary of the War Depart
ment in the Fie d.
The visit of Brijradier-General R. N.
Batchelder, quartermaster-general of the
United States army, and Major George
W. Davis, military secretary of Daniel 8.
Lamont, Secretary of War, excites special
interest in military circles of this depart
ment. It transpires that Mr. Lamont ex
pected to make the tour apross the conti
nent with General Batchelder, and partici
pate in the inspection of military posts,
but pressing duties at Washington im
pelled him to forego the journey. He sent,
however, his military secretary, Major
Davis, to make careful observations of the
condition of the leading military posts.
Last Thursday General Batchelder and
Major Davis, accompanied by Colonel A.
S. Kimball, chief quartermaster of the
department, visited tne Presidio, and made
a careful inspection of the batteries, in
cluding the mortars, the dynamite guns,
the 12-inch .ritles and the '10-inch disap
! pearing rifles. They also examined the j
stable site and the site of the till on tbe
marsh lying between the roadway to the
[ wharf and the eastern boundary to the !
reservation.
A t-pecial stndy of the water plant was 1
made. The officers visited Mountain Lake '
and Lobos Creek and considered tne prop
osition to tunnel the Presidio hill for the
purpose'of developing an unlimited sup
ply of water for the post— a supply equal
to all the requirements of a very large gar
rison.
A visit was paid to Alcatraz Island and
there the prison, the barracks, the fortifi
cations and quarters were inspected.
Angel Island was inspected and the pos
sibility of future improvement discussed.
The quartermaster-general seemed de
lighted with the improvements made at
the Presidio. He has authorized an ex
penditure out of the appropriation of the
next tiscal year to build two more double
brick barrack buildings, at a cost not to
exceed $75,000.
The water supply question engrossed
the attention of General Batchelder in a
large degree. In the process of collecting
data in tuis line he visited the artesian
well and works at Golden Gate Park and
noted the supply of water there.
Ti e trip of the visiting party was ex
tended to the Sutro baths, and the ma
chinery there was duly inspected for pur
poses of information. The officers returned
to the City via Point Lobos and Twenty
fourth avenues and Lake street. They
i left their carringea at Twenty-fourth aye
nue and Luke street and walked to Lobos
Creek, which they examined with a view
of .increasing the water supply in case of
necessity.
The land^near the Cliff purchased from
San Francisco for tlie purpose of complet
ing the harbor fortiiications was also in
spected.
Yesterday General Forsyth, the depart
ment commander, BY invitation of Irving
v cott .' e scorted the visiting officers to
the Union Iron Works. Great interest
was manifested in the battle-ship Oregon
by General Batchelder and Major Davis.
To-morrow a visit will be paid to Benicia
barracks and Benicia arsenal. Returning
the party will pause at Mare Island and
view the naval station. General Forsyth
will take the visitors on this trip.
CANTATA OF RUTH.
Presented by Young People of Trinity
Presbyterian Church.
The Young People's Bociety of Christian
Endeavor of Trinity Presbyterian Church
presented the cantata of Ruth, the Mo
abitess, at Mission Music Halijlast evening.
The programme opened with the over
ture "Mirsella" from Gounod, by the
orchestra under the leadership of F. P.
Foster.
The cantata was presented in six scenes.
Appropriate selections were rendered be
tween each of the scenes by tbe orchestra
which were received with hearty rounds of
applause.
The cast was as follows:
Naomi, Miss Charlotte Wate; Orpah, Miss
Alice Partridge; Ruth, Miss Xena Roberta;
first reaper, William Smith; assistant reaper,
('. B. Zabreskie; Bonz, Henry Ruthrauff; Jew
ish maiden, Mrs. N. E. Willata; Isrielilish
woman, Miss Alice M. Mayhew; messenger,
Prank Houpt.
So successful was the cantata that the
Trinity Presbyterian Christian tfndeavor
ers are talking of presenting it again for
the benefit of the '97 convention fund.
GIRLS PLAY FOR CHARITY
A Successful Concert Given by
the Saturday Morning
Orchestra.
Several Soloists Help the Gooi Cause
Along — A Fashionable
Audience.
The concert given last nieht in Golden
Gate Hall by the Saturday Morning
orchestra drew together a fashionable au
dience that quite filled the galleries and
more than half rilled the body of the hall.
The object of the concert was the estab
lishment and maintenance of a bed in the
Children's Hospital.
The Saturday Morning orchestra has
had several changes of conductors during
tbe last few years, but all last winter Al
fred Roncovieri wielded the baton and a
good deal of steady work was accom
plished. As tnifiht be expected in an or
ganization composed of youne ladies brass
and wood performers are not so easy to
procure as strings. The orchestra showed
this very plainly last night.
The "Semiramule" overture, for in
stance, had almost the effect of a toy sym
phony, but even if s-ome of the brass were
conspicuously lacKinir it was much better
to have it so than to bring in incompetent
players of wind instruments.
The brass and reeds were ■ little shaky
in their intonation here and there, but on
tbe whole the orchestra did exceedingly
well. Shading was not only attempted
but was accomplished, and if the precision
here and there left something to be de
sired the playinc showed that there are a
number of performers in Hie ranks of the
orchestra who have a strong sense of
rhythm.
The orchestral numbers of Ambroise
Thomas' overture to "Raynjonde," the
"Danse dcs Sultanes" by l'olak Daniels,
the "Seruiramide" overture and the Men
delssohn "Wedding Marcb." -AH these
selections were played in a manner which
elicited warm and well-deserved applause.
Miss Charlotte Oruenbanen; the concert
master, played the andante and allegro
from De Beriot's seventh concerto, and both
she and the orchestra gave such yatisfac
, tion that an encore was insisted on, where
upon the young lady played "l'Arragon
aise" by Alard.
Antone Scbott sane the "Erl King"
twice over and the audience not being sat
isfied, ■he gave Beethoven's "Creations
Hymn." which suits his dramatic vein
better than the Schubert song.
Mrs. Oliver I'iercv Evans sane the
"Shadow Daoee"- (from "Dinora") and
Handel's "Sweet Bird" in her usual fin
ished style. In the latter selection Signor
Lombardi played tbe flute obligato. The
Misses Noble played a cornel and trom
bone duet, "Repeat Again," which their
hearers insisted on having repeated.
The following young ladies composed
the orchestra:
Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen, Miss Carolyn
Knox, Miss Madeleine Bcckhusen, Miss Mabel
Crabtree. Mr*. Adele Fletcher. Miss Annie
Gibson, Miss Nannie. Van Wyrk, Miss White,
Miss Mamie Conlin, Miss Edna Cadwalader,
Miss Barbaßclata, Miss Emma Duff, Misi
Estellc Rouleau, Miss Harrington, Mi!-a
Beekhnsen, Miss Pearl Noble, Miss Shop
man, Miss Alma Keith. Miss Maud Noble,
Miss Blanche Rouleau, Miss Labi, Miss Annie
Benson, Miss EUery, Miss Mary Walker, Miss
I'hocbe Bowers, Miss Lulu Frazer. Mis* Marie
Dillon, Miss Ludlow, Mrs: 1.. A. Redman, Miss
Bessie Fuhrer, Miss May Harrington, Mrs. Ver
non Van Buskirk, Miss Mai Moody.
The ushers were:
Messrs. C. E. HHdebrecht, G. A. Christenson,
S. G. Ludlow. Robert llaight. George de Long,
W. Noble, E. Knox, W. White, G. & Knox,
Sanford Lewald, Gus Falconer, H. Lang.
A BIG RATIFICATION.
The Republican County Committee Is
Arranging; One.
The local Republican organization is not
sleeping while quietly waiting for the
National Convention to meet and set the
campaign going. In this City, as else
where, the party enthusiasm and the
party efforts will suddenly burst into play
when tbe work of the convention is done.
The County Committee is planning a
monster ratification meeting to immedi
ately follow the nomination of the Repub
lican standard-bearer and to that end is
placing itself in communication with all
the Republican organizations of this City.
In tbe course of this process the following
circular has been sent to all tbe members
of the County Committee:
Penr Sir: It is the Intention of this com
mittee to hold a grand ratification meeting of
the Republican party immediately upon re
ceivinK the result of the Republican National
Convention, which meet* at St. Louis on the
lGth day of June.
In order to make the ratification meeting a
grand success It is important that we should
have, as soon os possible, a complete list of all
Republican clubs organized in your district.
Inclosed you will find five cards which you
will plcaxe fill oat in full (one card to each
club) aud return immediately to the secretary
at these headquarters, 850 Market street,
room 1. Yours respectfully,
John Jacksok, Secretary,
A CLUMSY SWINDLER.
Money Obtained by Impersonating an
Officer of tbe Health Department.
The Health Office has been notified that
another swindler, representing himself to
be a Health Officer, has been victimizing
people in the neighborhood of Howard
and Main streets. His notices for the
abatement of nuisances are written on
dirty brown paper, but in spite of the
flimsy manner in which he does his work,
he has obtained quite a sum from unsus
pecting property-owners. The Police De
partment nas been notified to be on the
lookout for him.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
HONOR IS PAID
TWO GREAT POETS
The Balfe-Moore Club Cele
brates Thomas Moore's
Birthday.
McNAUGHT'S LECTURE.
The Well-Known Writer Gives
a Clever Address on
Longfellow.
SOME AMERICAN MUSIC HEABD
Both tbe Speaker and the Musicians
Win Warm Applause From a
Large Audience.
An evening with American poets and
composers was given lust night at Metro
politan Temple, under the auspices of the
Baife- Moore Club, the occasion being the
John McNanght, Who Addressed the Balfe-.Moore Club Last .Night.
one hundred and sixteenth anniversary of |
the birth of Thomas Moore. There was a ;
large audience which listened with great
Interest and applauded to both the musical j
part of the programme and the address by
John McXaught.
There might be doubt as to the genuine
Americanism of some of tbe composers
represented on the programme. Raff and
Gottschalk, for instance, could scarcely be j
claimed under that Lead, but there was no
doubt about the poet of whom Mr. Me-
Naught lectured, for it was Longfellow.
Mr. McNaught, who was introduced in a
few appropriate remarks by the president,
T. R. Rahnerman, and was received with
applause, began his address by bearing a
high tribute, to Thomas Moore. "I es
teem it," he said, "no HfThr honor that I
have been assigned a part in celebrating
the anniversary of Thomas Moore by a
programme of American music an 1 son*.', j
"He has sung a new sweetness into the
hearts of all of us. When we recall how
much of the music and poetry of our
American life has come from him, we
realize how much he has done for Amer
ica."
The remarks on Longfellow were pre
faced by a humorous iiiluoion to the fact
ttiat while the Greeks gave n winged steed
to the poet, they had provided no Pegasus
for the critic, who has to get to the poet's
height every time on foot, if he wants to
see what he is doing there.
"Longfellow's life," said Mr. McNaught,
"coincided with one of the great epochs
of American liberty. It had to be deter
mined whether America should remain
one great indivi3ible country or be split
up into a number of factional States."
The sDeaker described in a stirring way
how often poets and writers such as
Lowell had been spurred on by the emer
gency of the occasion to plunge into jour
nalism or politics, but of Longfellow he
said :
"Through all the conflicts of that time
he went on writing sweet, beautiful poems,
comforting to the souls of men." In
stancing some of the poems written dur
ing that stirring period, the speaker al
luded to "The Village Blacksmith," say
inc that in such stuff as was to be found in
that little blacksmith's shop at Cambridge
tbe poet saw tue true strength of the coun
try.
"We must not think that this holding
aloof from party patriotism sprang from
any indifference to the fate of this Republic.
Longfellow always had its interests at
heart." and in support of this Mr. Mc-
Naueht quoted from "The Building of
tbe Ship' : :
our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee,
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears.
"Looking back we can see how aigbt he
was. The great army— the soldiers whose
graves we are to decorate to-morrow— were
all men of the village blacksmith type —
'toiling, rejoicing, sorrowing.'"
After alluding to Longfellow's treatment
of the problems of his age in relation to
his own count y, tbe speaker turned his
attention to the relation his poetry bears
to the problems of thought and faith
around him. "It was an age of changes.
Old-established temples of laith seemed to
be crumbling into ruins. Carlyle could
find nothing in that age but shams and
shadows, falsehood and hypocrisies. Al
fred Tennyson, when he was cailed upon
to solve the riddle, could only cry, 'Behold^
we know not anything.' Turough all the
conflicts of that time Longfellow walked
a^serenely as through the war troubles.
'He was not indifferent to the skepticisms
and doubts, but he looked at them with a
clear eye, for he believed that every con
flict and doubt would vanish when the
light of God's truth dawned upon them.
"Longfellow was a poet charged to make
Known to men and women bound down
with sorrows the goodness of God. 'Man,'
he says, "has a right to joy if he rejoices in
good things,' thereupon he set himself to
sing of love without stains, of faitb and
hope and It was no part of his
philosophy that things visible and audible
could make the happiness of men. He
would have them look higher than tbe
stars and the sky.
"In answer to the conflicts of his coun
try. Loncfellow said 'faith.' In answer to
the problems of his age, his answer was
still faith. Ii is impossible to over estimate
the power of :?uch teachings." The
speaker descnb?d how in his youth the
poet had been despised and rejected by
his contemporaries, how tbe term, "a lite
rary lapidary," used by one of his critics,
had stuck to him for years, and how grad
ually his poems grew in popularity, tiil they
reached the hearts of the English-speaking
peoples.
"This man, who, in his youth, had been
laughed at as a 'literary lapid ary,' had
come to be the best-ioved poet of his age."
Mr. McNau^ht concluded his address by
stating "that men will never willingly
forget the songs of tne singer who sang
of faith in heaven amid the skepticism of
his time," and he read "The Day Is
Done." There was frequent applause
during the remarks on Longfellow, and at
the conclusion the speaker was again very
warmly applauded.
The musical part of the programme was
excellent. Messrs. A. Solomon (6rst
violin.), A. Savanah (second violin), A.
Gwynn (viola.) and Adolph Lada ('c«j11o)
played an andante and idylle by Beyer
and an allegro movement by Gottschalk
in good style; David Manlloyd sang with
ereat applause; Adolph Lada played
Raffs "Cavatina" as a 'cello solo with
considerable expression; Mss Annie
Roney's singing was also appreciated;
Miss Frances Luse was recalled for her
recitation; tfie Plymouth Quartet sang
"Tbe Bridge." The rest of the pro
gramme, which was as foHows, would cer
tainly nave all been encored, but on ac
count of the lateness of the hour the
audience was requested to refrain from
proiouged applause:
Bass solo, "lhe Village Blacksmith,"
George V. Woods; violin solo, selected, A.
Solomon; reading, "That Old Sweetheart of
Mine" (Riley), Frank McGlynn; contralto solo,
(<j) "Sunset" (Buck), (b) '-As* What Thou
Wilt" (He Koven), Mrs. Eunice Westwater;
trio, "O, Restless Sea" (White), Miss Anna
Roney, Messrs. Manlloyd and WoodB; "Star-
Si iinplt-d Banner" (Key), Miss Anna Roney,
supported by the Plymouth Quartet; accom
panist, Sidney Hopecraft.
The most heavily taxed people in Ea
rope are the French, who pay on an aver
age nearly £4 10s each per annum.
■ KEW TO-DAT.'
JL China fare
, AT* * ' •
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Caps, Saucers and Plates, decorated, VA<s
' each. .
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each. .
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c.
50c. '
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces,
-.%i 65 and $5 25. •• «• ""V. *
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
. The kind and quality others charge $t5.
AT
Great Americanlmportinff Tea Co.
V. MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market «t. ; 4 6 Ninth «t.
3510 Mission st. , 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore si.
617 Kearny st. • 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. - . 3006 Sixteenth at.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 59 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. .
i3i San Pablo aye. • 917 Broadway, Oakland
135S Park at., Alameda.
Birthday Watches !
' J|||||||p|| Each month has its
sgp|MJ^ beautiful design in
■.^^-g^^ raised or repousse
< >sSiv work and elegant flow-
%^k dials are an added
J^jj^ charm. The watches
jj^^^^. are artistic ornaments
Bjsju jlfifiyk combining utility with
|g^^^| beauty. They cost
W Hr but a small amount.
Our unquestioned guarantee' with every w«tcl>
The Waterbury Watch Co.
New Office in the
MILLS BUILDING,
39 San Francisco.
VTT ATTT V , If yon are ■°£ erin s
V S I AI i I I I from a vltal disease
I** ** J JL X - yon certainly should
make an effort to
VTTAUTY help yourself. If .you
V I I A 111 I V have specks before.
111 XI Lil IX your eyes, rash of
blood to the head,
TTTm ■ T TITITT dizziness, falling seti-
l/I I A I II V sations and- the at-
:f 1 1 flLlil Ijl tendant troubles aris-
ing from abuse, know
VITALITY HH
VITALITY HDDYAN
111 ilUl 1 1
VITATITY Will reachthevital
Xli. &i 1 X Epot
VITALITY HODYAN
VITIITTY n
IHIjl I Cures prematureness
111Umi * of the discharge in
twenty days. Hud-
ITTTJITTrnTJ van cures Lost Man-
VI I A 111 I I hood. Varicocele,
llAnjJlll Falling Sensations,
Weakness, Debility,
YTTfH X T IfTWT and makes a com-
VITALITY plete man out of a
I llilLll 1 half man.
You may be cer-
TTTm X T TfniT ta ' n n o one can give
VI I Ali II I yon Hndyan but the
111/ lull 1 old doctors of the
Hudson 'Medical In-
TTTm I T TfTIW Btitute - Hudyan
111 I A I I IV cures when others
IllnLill 1 fail to cure. If you
want convincing
xTTi-n * _ TmTT proofs of what Hud-
II IT' » I IT V van has done you can
I 1 lil LI I get it. You may call
*■**-■*"*■* or write and get free
• HUDYAN PROOFS. :
HUDSON MEDICAL WSTITUTB,
Stockton, Market and Kllij Sta.
BLOOD TINTS SHOW
Pimples. — —
— — Copper-colored spots.
— Sore mouth. —
— — Sore throat. —
:- — — Falling hair.
":!.\- Enlarged lumps. —
Glandular lumps. — ■
— — Skin eruptions. —
Partial loss of eyebrow. -
Sore eyes. • — ;
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs— to tbe old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days. A ?i; '
• BLOOD
: CURES
: FREE. :
CALL OR WRITE
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
* STRE-PROOF, *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. V
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths ,
800 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes business and theatrical centres. £
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson RiTeZ«
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passenfeers crossing the Jersey ferries take cither
6th or 9th aye. " L ' to 66th et., or Broadway cable
care to hotel. Bor.levard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
JnNewYork. W. JOHSSO:* QUINN, M«r. .
WO. NOBLB, Fropr.
STATEMENT
• OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDELITY OF THIS CASUALTY
FIDELITY AND CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, I.V THE HTATE OF NEW
York, on the :-tlst day ox December, A. D. 1895,
and for the year ending on tbat day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of ' Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condemea as pet
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
' CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up
- In cash ..'.... $260,000 00
ASSETS. ..:.;^V:
Real estate owned by the company.. $679,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and ° - - ■••■ . -
- bonds owned by company 1,384,870 00
Cash in company's office 5:8,312 65
' Casein banks... ....*... 41,780
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,855 18
Premiums in due course of collection 296,198 50
Reserve | reinsurance deposit (cash
in company's possession) ■ . 7,808 41
Total assets .$2,341,086 72
ABILITIES. '
Losses in process of adjustment or")
in5uepen5e...................... V $409,547 58
Losses resisted including expenses J
Total unearned premiums ...." 1,342,629.07
Due to other companies lor reinsur- -
ance.: ;.. 6,743 10
All other demands against the com- ....
panj „ 14.171 71
Total 1iabi1itie5........:... .$1,772,090 46
INCOME.
Net cash . actually received for
premiums $2,500,958 35
Received for interest and dividends '
-1 on bonds, stocks, loans end from ■ . .
. . all other sources....! 102,310 31
Received for profit on securities
•01d..... '.. 410
Total income 2.603.67S 87
expenditures] ~
Net amount paid for 1055e5. 1........; $910,653 10
Dividends to stockholders < . 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
• brokerage........ 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and other • •
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 234,007 44
Paid for State, National and local .
 ' taxes.. 620 94
All other payments and expendi- .
tures 619,784 00
; Total expenditures $2,415,316 03
i;' ' „„.„ GEORGE F. .SKWARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLAes Secretary.
■ Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, 1896. sw»3«**eSJ
• K. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC . COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C. PARDEE, Resident Manager,
; Mutual Life Building, .
BAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT.
VJJ*w and Notary Public, 638 Market ■£ oppo-
•te Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Ueaidence lttiMWILLCUTT EXPLAINS THE BALANCE SHEET
It Contained All the Ex
penditures Since the
Beginning.
PLUS FICTITIOUS SUMS.
Market Value of Stocks and
Bonds of the Railway
Company.
BEGULATED BY THE SUPPLY.
The Secretary Persists in His Refusal
to Deliver the Books for the In
spection of the Court
Yesterday was a dry day in Jud*e Wal
lace's court," the burden of Secretary Will
cutt's efforts being to convince the public
that the trial balance sheet of the company
produced in court could not throw any
ligbt whatever on the value ol the prop
erty.
According to the testimony of the rail-
Mr. Freidenrich Engaged In Bearing the Stock of the Market-Street Railway
Company.
\ Sketched from life by a "Call" or tut.]
way officials the accounts were kept by the
aid of the imagination, and that the only
way by which Assessor Siebe could fix any
value 'on the property at all was by imagin
ing It . •••. ..■■:.■■•. 
The contempt cases have gone over until
Monday, the railroad people being firm in
their determination not to produce the
books. .
On the opening of court yesterday morn
ing Mr. Clnnie presented an affidavit re
citing that one of the material issues in
volved in the action was the value of the
property of the Market-street Railway
Company; that one of the elements of that
value was the netearningsof the company;
that those net earnings were to be ascer
tained from the books, and that the issue
of perjury on the part of Assessor. Siebe
could be proved by the fact that the books
would show that the sum of $10,000 or
thereabouts was paid, to John D. Siebe or
his agents by the Market-street Railway
Company for the purpose of having the
assessment on the property of that com
pany fixed at a sum much less than the
cash value as required by law.
Secretary Willcutt was asked whether
he had brought with him the books of the
company as commanded by the court on
the preceding day. Pointing to four big
books tied with straps and four redwood
boxes Mr. Willcutt remarked:
"Those books were brought here inad
vertently, simply on the order of the
court. I have been • advised that the law
does not permit me to remove them from
the office of the company." S|!9^So£
Judge Wallace smiled quizzically at this
Supreme Court decision by the railway
company and its witnesses, and remarked
that if there was any law in existence pro
hibiting the production of the books in
court as against the order of court he
would like to be informed on tne subject.
Mr. McEnerney staved off any disagree
able disclosures of subterranean laws by
suggesting that the matter of contempt
should be deferred until Monday, and that
the taking of oral testimony and of auoh
documentary evidence and pencil memo
randa as the railway company might
choose to give, should be proceeded with.
This was agreed to by both sides, and Mr.
Willcutt proceeded to read the tax inven
tory of the property of the raiiway com
pany, to which nobody listened because it
was so long and tedious.
Mr. Willcutt was shown the following
trial balance and the items were read off
one by one:
UAKKKT-STSEXT BATI.WAY COKVAXY, TBTAL
BALANCK, FKBKUAKY2B, 18P8»
Capital stock $18,750,000
Keserve capital stock 133,217
Metropolitan Railway Company stock. 1 10,500
FIKBT MOXT6AOX BONUS.
Powell-street Railway Company 700.000
l'ork and Ciiff House Railway CO 350.000
Ferries and (Jliff House Kallway C 0 .... 650.00U
The Omnibus Cable Company 2,000,000
M arket-stre<:t Cable Railway Co 3,000,000
Park and Ocean Railroad Company.. . . 250,000
Marlcet-stroK Rail way Company 400,000
SECOND MORTHAOK BONOS.
Tbe Omnibus Cable Company 69,000
Bills payable 2,055.0<>0
Permanent way aDd franchise 21,827,431
Additions auti betterments 23.827
New construction 1,099. 1H9
General construction 1,139.834
Real rstate and buildings 2.2H4.786
Power station equipment 679,783
Care and c.^r equipment 1,309,582
Steam motors and equipment 107,839
General equipment 111.6 3
Ilorsri 3'A048
Old structures and material 1,381
Construction material 14.148
Cons' ruction expenses 34.5U7
Treasurer 268.617
Receivers Ifls
imis receivable 2.3 M
Audited vouchers 329,875
I npald wages- •. 160
Unpaid dividends. 21
Material and supplies. 86,860
Dep Kli.i 32 473
Pacific Improvement Company 6^2.870 |
Old obligations 10,463
Operating ledger 316,572
Sundry accounts 94.509
Interest on bonds 19,138
Interest 23.136
Taxes 20,283
General expenses 641
General income 311,317 |
Premium a;.d discount ou bonds and
stock 10,000
Sinking fund expense...: "......" - 89.2C0
Sinking fund 1. 21.860
Sinking fund 2 80,000
Income for linking funds. . 101,860
T0U1... ...... !;..„.. *30,025,271
TRIAL BALANCE, OPXItATIKS LEDGER, KKRKUARY
28,1895.
Income 463,349 00
Kxpenses......... 328,479 00
Operating expenses.*. '63
Feed.....;..... 1.72600
Fuel 11,06500
Material and supplies. 72,879 00
Brass foundry account ' 130 CO
Cables 3,826 00
Hails :.. 2,137 00
Old materlßl... . " 1,677 00
Police Department of San Francisco. . . 120 00
' Graiy-streer, I ark and Ocean Railroad
C0mpany........ 8.557 00
Pacific Improvement Company....... 1,855 00
southern Pacific Ball road Company.. - 25000
Oakland Railroad Company 7100
(Southern Pacific Company 60 00
Guatemala Central Hallway Company 30 00
Horsecars 101 00
Wash burn .t Moen Manufacturing
Company ; 750 00
>tetropo,itan Kail-nay Company. ..... 1.053 00
Carbon Hill Coil Company 15 00
General ledger suspense account 4,512 00
Renewals ».... 4 30 00
Renewal fund 16,01500
Audited vouchers 106,49 5 00
Audited r0115....... ;... 65,432 00
Unclaimed wages.... ........:. 622 O'J
Treasurer 254,948 00
Paymaster 22,025 01)
Hems in suspense 1,750 00
Suspense O. r Btf 00
Cable suspense account 78,584 00
Shop account 26,794 00
Passenger earnings In transit . 15,906 00
Recreation grounds 1,415 00
Baseball grounds 9,575 00
General ledger 817,807 00
Unredeemed tickets * . 20
T0ta1....... 8907,541 00
Mr. Willcutt glibly explained that that
had been the valuation plus money ex
pended on repairs and.also fictitious sums
added in order to make the books balance.
Much of the money expended for con
struction and repairs did not add to the
value of the property; that is, the property
would not fetch a bigger cash price than it
would before. Another item of $21,000,
-000 for permanent way and franchise was
explained by the witness as being largely
made up of the fictitious sums, which, ac
cording to the testimony of tbe witness,
seem to be a peculiar and indispensable
feature of the bookkeeping of the railway
company.
Much of the property of the company,
Mr. Willcutt explained, had been buried
underground and its cost actually lost to
the railway people. For instance, there
was a block on Church street where the
caWe road had been buried. Cable roads
cost on an average to build from $80,000 to
$110,000 per mile. The money expended
on tbat block had been lost.
Tbe witness wa3 asked as to the entry on
the trial balance of $268,617 cash on hand,
and, as every one expected, the secretary
explained that although the trial balance
certified that there waa tbat much cash on
hand on February 28, 1895, it was simply
Pickwickian or Southern Pacifickian.
It didn't mean what it said, because he
believed that part of this sum was repre
sented by tags for cash advanced to other
officials by the treasurer. The witness
was not at all disconcerted when his at
tention was called to tb« circumstance
that it had been previously testified that
the treasurer could not pay out any money
unless on vouchers. He was reminded
further that if the treasurer had paid
any money out of the balance which ap
peared in the statement be would have re
Broker Edward Baivy I«'ling How the Stock Dropped $2 50 a Share W.thin
the Last Three Days.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
duced the amount of cash on hand by the
sums paid out, but Mr. Willcutt still clung
to the taes. He supposed that the Ueas
urer had entries in his cashbook of those
tags with the appropriate dates.
On cross-examination by Mr. Frieden
rich Mr. Wilicutt said that the item of
$21,000,000 in the trial balance sheet for
permanent way and franchise had been
swelled by the addition of "what you
might call an artificial amount" in order
to make the books balance.
"There was nothing to prevent it being
$10,000,000?" inquired Judge Wallace.
"Nothing at all."
"It was simply based upon imagina
tion?"
"Yes, air."
Coached by Mr. Freidenrich the witness
explained the sums entered on the trial
balance sneet by saying that they did not
mean at all what they appeared to mean;
tbat when $21,000,008 was set down it
didn't mean $21,000,003, because it was
largely fictitious, but he could not tell
how much of it was fictitious and how
much real. He said that the items repre
sented all the expenditures made by the
consolidated companies before and after
the consolidation for cars, equipments,
etc., and bad nothing whatever to do with
the value of the property. They repre
sented moneys expended by the com
panies from the date of their organization
up to March 28, 1895, and some of those
companies had gone out of existence. In
those items was also included the original
cost of car horses which had run their
course and died.
Then there were items of expense of con
struction, including superintendents' sal
aries and roads changed from ona system
to another, all of which did not represent
any property whatever.
Judge Wallace remarked that the com
panies before the consolidation were rival
business concerns, and despite these large
sums of money that were wasted or thrown
away they were enabled to keep their
bonds in the market above par and to .pay
G per cent interest on them. This was an
indication to the mind of the Judge that
the bonds represented tangible values.
In the afternoon Secretary Willcutt re
lated instances of several railway compa
nies sold under the hammer for prices
much less than the par value of tne bonds
or of the capital stock. Thus the San
Diego cable-road, bonded for $225,000 and
with a capital stock of $500,000, was sold
for $57,000. The Los Angeles cable road,
bonded for $3,000,000 and with a capital
of $4,000,000, sold for $1,500,000.
These citations were made by Secretary
Willcutt for the purpose of establishing
the. rule that the bonds and capital stock
of a railway company, like the trial bal
ance of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, was no indication of values what
ever.
Judze Wallace seemed very much in
terested aftd edified with this statement of
figure; that mean cfphers and bonds ana
stock tnat represent imagination, and he
pointedly asked whether the stocks and
bonds of the companies mentioned were
sold at par, bat Mr. Willcutt did not Know
what their market price was.
The ability of the company to pay the
interest on its bonds was the criterion. In
some cases he knew where companies had
borrowed money to pay the interest when
due, and that, in lm opinion, waa the
beginning of the trouble.
The witness did not know that Assessor
Siebe ever looked at the inventories. Mr.
Siebo had never called upon the witness
for an inspection of them.
Here Judge Wallace enlivened the Sahara
of the proceedings with the oasis of a joke
tinged with sarcasm.
"If Mr. Siebe asked yon for the inven
tories," said the Judpe, "you would not
let him have them without an order from
the board of directors, would you?"
"Oh, yes," replied the witness, who did
not appear to perceive the keen point of
the sarcasm.
"If all the stock were thrown on the
market to-day," replied the witness to a
question by Clunie, "I would not be will
ing to pay more than $10 per share. You
see, I would have to look at the future
prospects, the increase of taxation, the fact
as to whether the edemies of the company
would increase or decrease, the probability
of hostile legislation and so forth."
"Take a gloomy outlook, for instance,"
suggested Clunie pleasantly, "take the
outlook that this company should be re
quired to pay taxes on its real cash value,
now much would you give for the stock
then?"
"I wouldn't be willing to give more than
$10 a share, but when you speak of cash
value the question arises as to what is cash
value," and the witness went on over the
same story of dead horses and trans
formed cable roads and earnings and
operating expenses ana the rest of the
items that are keeping the rags and tat
ters of poverty on the backs of the rail
road magnates.
Then Mr. M'illcutt was let go, and Ed
ward Barry, secretary of the Stock and
Bond Exchange, told how Secretory Will
cutt had made written application to have
the stock and bonds of the Mariiet-street
Railway Company listed on the exchange.
He proGuce<l s statement from the Mar
ket-street Railway Company, in which,
after the printed questions as to assets and
liabilities, there were the words "state
ment not yet prepared," instead of figures.
Mr. Barry supposed that the investigating
committee of the exchange had done their
duty by looking into the matter and had
been convinced that the corporation was
solvent.
Soon after the suit had been decided in
the Supreme Court, the bonds of the Mar
ket-street Railway Company were listed
on the board.
On the first Monday in March, 1895,
there were bid Jn the exchange the follow
inp for the bonds of the companies named :
Ferries and Cliff bonds, $104; Market
street Railway, $122; Omnibus cable, |119;
Park and Ocean, $11C; Park and Cliff,
$108; Powell-street, $110. The stock of the
Market-street Railway Company sold for
People estimated the value of stocks,
Mr. Barry explained, by the dividends
which they expected those stocks would
pay. The value of bonds depended upon
the rate of interest paid and the condition
of the company.
"The Market-street 0 per cent bonds are
$122 in the market to-day, and you can't
buy them," added Mr. Barry. "Since
these proceedings were commenced the
price of the stock dropped $3 a share. It
was in consequence of the reports in the
newspapers of the trial of this case that
caused people to want to sell, and nobody
wants to buy."
"It was because this imaginary ten mil
lions was put into the permanent way
and franchise, wasn't it?" queried the
attorney.
MISS MARY MERCADO AND MR. CHAUNCEY BOARDMAN.
"No, sir; I don't know what the reason
was. ' 's
Mr. Barry prodnced some old lists of
1893 and 1894 and showed that the price of
Market-street stock went as low as $32 in
December, 1893. The average price had
been about $40.
Mr. Freidenrich asked as to the fall of
the price of the stock during the last few
days, and the witness said that there had
been a drop of $2 50 per share. The reason
for the decline, be explained, was that
people had read the testimony of the rail
road's witnesses to the effect that the
property of the company was worth only
so much and that it Was liable to be taxed
quite heavily, and the holders and buyers
of railway stock had become frightened.
He expressed the opinion that if the fare
should be reduced to 3 cents and transfers
should be stopped the street railroads
would earn more money than they do
now.
But if the transfers were continued as
now and the rate of fare were reduced to
4 cents the market value of the bonds
and the stock would be so much reduced
as practically to amount .to ruin.
Mr. Barry gave an instance of the effect
of competition upon values. Two years
ago the Contra Costa Water Company's
stock was quoted at $100 per share, and it
was difficult to cet any of it at that price.
But when a competing company started
the stock dropped to $35 and $40, and »o
dividends were being paid on it, while the
bonds -vhieh had been selling at $101 had
dropped to $95 ana $97 with interest being
paid on them.
The case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
on Monday momintr.
EIGHT INQUESTS HELD.
The Coroner Has a Busy Day With the
Dead— Captain Smith's '
End.
Coroner Hawkins impaneled a jury
yesterday and broke the record with eight
inquests.
The most important case considered was
that of Captain A. W. Smith, who died
May 22 from laudanum poisoning. At tho
time the case was reported it was given
out that the deceased had accidentally
taken an overdose of poison.
J.F. Helanden of Oakland, an intimate
friend of the dead man, testified that Cap
tain Smith died by his own hand because
of domestic .trouble. Helanden 'testified
that Smith had threatened suicide.
Mrs. Smith contradicted this by saying
that she and her husband had always
lived happily together, denying emphati
cally that she had ever engaged in any
occupation not strictly honorable. The
jury returned n, verdict of suicide.
The other inquests held were on the
bodies of Charles Nelson, Mrs. Sallie
Aweng. Alva C. Shepherd, Isaac Anderson,
John Theiss, Charles Kedecker and an un
known man. In the case of Theiss, Nel
son and Anderson verdicts of accident
were returned; in that of Mrs. Aweng
murder and in those of Shepherd and
Redecker suicide.
The jury was unable to determine the
cause of death in the case of the unknown
nun. MSBBBIMSM
STEVENSON'S MEMORIAL.
The Center of Portsmouth Square to Be
the >ite of the Fountain.
The Robert Louia Stevenson memorial
committee has petitioned the Board of
Supervisors to declare the central plat in
Portsmouth Square perpetually dedicated
ns a site for the drinking fountain which
has been furnished by the committee and,
accepted by the City.
The Board is also asked to see that a per
petual supply of water is furnished tne
fountain at the City's expense.
The Street Committee has reported favor
ably on tbe petition and the matter will be
definitely settled at next Monday's meet
ing ol the board.
Harris' Shirtstor* Fails.
8. Harris, who kept the Southern Pacific
Shirtstore.at 20 Kast street, has transferred
his assets to Wolt Fleisher of Battery street.
The liabilities, confined to five creditors in
this City, are f450. The r.ssets are about $200.
The btocic will be sold and the proceeds
divided pro rata among the creditors. This is
not the first time Harris has suffered a similar
misfortune.
AND SO THEY
WILL BE MARRIED,
Chauncey Boardman and
Miss Mary Mercado
to Wed.
THE BRIDE IS A BELLE.
The Groom Prominent Both in
Social and Commercial
Circles.
GTJNN TUG PAETY TO-DAY.
Austin Pink Luncheon Complimentary
to Mrs. Thomas Eeane — Morri
son Dinner.
An interesting engagement to announce
is that of Miss Mary Mercado, niece of
Mrs. Monro Salisbury, and Chauncey
Boardraan, second son of Mr. and Mrs. George
C. Boardman.
While the engagement wan not altogether
unexpected, the early announcement came
somewhat in the nature of a surprise to the
numerous friends of the popular young couple.
It is a love match Dure and simple— a fact
which renders it all the more interesting.
Miss Mercado has long deserved the favor of
a popular belle. Charming and unaffected,
she has endeared herself to all who have been
so fortunate either to meet her socially or on
her many errands of mercy, prompted by her
generous qualities both of mind and heart.
She Is a native daughter and received her
education in the public schools of this, her
native City.
In Bppearance Miss Mercado Is a tall,
graceful demi-blonde, with that irre
sistible charm our Parisian brethren
describe as "chic." She is talented
and accomplished, excelling especially in
drawinc and painting. She made her debut in
society some four seasons ago at the home of
her aunt, Mrs. Salisbury. During that lady s
absence Miss Mercado is at present making her
home with her cousin, Mrs. Sanchez, at the
corner of Sutter aud Fierce streets.
Mr. Koardrnari, the fortunate young
mRn, is a popular favorite in social and
commercial circles as well. He is connected
with the firm of Shainwald & Bnckbee, oc
cupying the responsible positJpn of cashier.
No arrangements have as yet Been made for
the wedding which will probably be cele
brated early in the winter.
Mr. and Sirs. J. 08. tiunn will cive a tug
party this afternoon on board the Fearless, in
honor of the twenty-first birthday anniversary
of their son.
On Thursday last Mrs. Joseph Austin gave an
elaborate luncheon, complimentary to Mrs.
Thomas Kcanc. The table was handsomely
df corated with La France roses, and as far as
was possible all the table accessories were in
tones of pink. Covers were laid for fourteen.
The Misses Morrison of San Jose gave a
charming dinner party last Saturday evening
at the*r home, corner Kirat and Julian stteets,
in honor of Judge \V. B. Gilbert of the Court of
I Appeals. The guests were Judge Gilbert, Mrs.
1 Ricketts of Washington, D. C, Miss Belinger,
! daughter of Judge C. B. Belinger of Portland,
; Or. , James D. Pnclun, Colonel Moorhead, Judge
Houston, J. W. Findley, L. G. Nesmith, H. B.
Alvortl and others.
Odd Fellows' Hall was comfortably filled by
a fash ionable audience last evening, assem
bled for the seventh monthly entertainment
civen by the Odd Fellows' Literary nnd Social
Committee. The programme, a happy ming
ling of musical and literary selections, was one
of unusual interest and was enthusiastically
encored. Dancirnr concluded the evening's
entertainment. The programme of the even
ing was us follows:
Overture, "Bohemian Ulri" (by request) (Balfe),
Yanke's orchestra: barytone solo, "Ancborea"
(Watson), H. i'arsons; piano solos, (a> Berceuse
(Chopin), (i)) Uebtslled (Liszt), (c> "Campanel
la" (The Little Bell). (Liszt), lingo Mansfeldt:
soprano bolo. (a) "J'nMii-h Berwiade" (Sawyer), (b)
| "Twaa ADnl' 1 ( KhWbert NeUu). Miss Carrie a
Bering; romic songs, selected, 1)t. U Nathan; reci
tation, William 11. Burne?; mezzo-soprano solo,
selected, Miss Evelyn C»hlll; piano solos, (a) Fu
neral march, (b) Invitation to me dance (Weber
Tausig), Hugo Mansteldt; clarionet joo, "La
Iraviaa" (Ver.il), H. Kitsau, with orchestra ac
companiment.
J. T. Fugaai will give a reception and ban
quet at Martinelli's this evening to celebrate
the thirty-sixth anniversary of his arrival in
this City.
E. M. Navarrete, business manager of the
Spanish paper El Comerco do San Francisco,
is confined to his room by a severe illness.
Miss Frances Crowley of 1442 Valencia street
has left for a visit to her frieud, Miss Hutchlu
son, of Suisun.
Mrs. H. Morris, formerly of 40 South Park, Is
visiting Mrs. S. Uirsch in Virginia City.
MEMORIAL FIREWORKS.
An Elaborate Display Will Be Given at
the Chutes To-Night.
Memorial day will be observed at the Chutes
this evening and a programme that has been,
in course of preparation for some weeks will
be given.
Illuminated views of famous battles and por
traits of the heroes of the North and South
will be shown, ana a pyrotechnic Representa
tion of tbe capture of Fort Donelson with a
gunboat firing from the lake will be one of the
principal features. The military band will be
iii-rcuscd for the occasion and a programme
of National airs will be rendered. Only rain
will interfere— fog' does not matter.
In the afternoon there will be a balloon
ascension.
UNION MEN EMPLOYED.
Labor Conncil Indorses the Action of
Two Local Breweries.
The principal feature of the regular weekly
meeting of the Sam Francisco Labor Council at
1159 Mission street last, night was the indorse
ment, after the lour years' war, of two brew
eries which are down on the list as members of
tne Brewers' Protective Association in strong
resolutions. The two concerns are the Enter
prise and Broadway breweries. The resolu
tions conclude:
Etsolve.il, That we urge opon all affiliated bodies
and individual sympathizers to patronize the
products of the Ktllfl inlwi a:nd Broadway brew
eries in preference to all others until such time aa
the Brewers' Protective Association shall officially
concede the brewery workmen's reasonable re
quest for recognition.
Vice-President T. F. Burns informed the
assembled delegates that Cigar-manufacturer
Jacob Brandt had broken his promises in refer
ence to the employment of white arid union
labor, and he descended from the chair to pro
pose some action that would bring the manu
facturer to time.
He stated that Mr. Brandt is trying to lead
several white men from the straight path of
unionism into his shop to labor with yellow
men, in order that he may say ihat he employs
white labor. It was finally voted to give Mr.
Brandt ten days' notice to put his shop on the
union list, cr a boycott would be declared
against him, and to notify the California
grower, from whom he gets his tobacco, that
such notice had been sent him.
A letter from the Mayor's clerk, Taylor
Rogers, was read, stating that Acting Mayor
C. L. Taylor had received the council's resolu
tion on the Vining system of streetcar trans
fers, and by his direction was submitted to
the Board of Supervisors.
The letter also stated that considering the
action already taken by the Supervisors toward
the abolition of the transfer system the mem
bers of the council have cause for congratula
tion.
A delegate reported that the ironmolders'
vocation is picking up and that few iron
molders are now walking the streets.
Among the Local Artists.
A private meeting of artists was held at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art last night.
There were twenty-five present and Mr. Mat
thews presided. Plans were discussed lor
future exhibitions, the selection of judges and
the restriction of exhibits to a certain number
from eacn competitor.
The exhibition closes Sunday evening, when
a concert will be given at the institute.
Miss Maren Proeiich is going to Santa Cruz
next Tuesday on a sketching trip. Amadee
Joulliu has been and is yet at work somewhere
in the country painting Indians on sand. Just
where he has found his subjects he will not
say, as he fears to be annoyed by inquisitive
spectators. Mr. Robinson, already in Mon
terey for a summer's sketching, will probably
soon be joined by Mr. Stan ton.
Ker. J. O. A. Henry to Lecture.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry will lecture this evening
at the Metropolitan Temple under the auspices
of the Good Citizenship Committee on the sub
jectof "The New Emancipation Proclamation."
Mr. Henry has been acting as the pastor of
the La Salle Baptist Church of Chicago during
the past year. It is expected that there will
be a large attendance. Mr. Henry will lecture
to-morrow.' during the ensuing week, and
next Sunday at Metropolitan Temple. On both
Sunday evenings he will lecture at Odd Fel
lows' Hull.
Bffxed the Medicines.
Mrs. M. Stewart of G39 Xatoma street had a
narrow escape from death yesterday morning.
She hod been ill for some time and was under
the earn of n physician, who prescribed two
kinds of raeciieine. One was to be taien in
teaspoouful doses, the other, an arsenic prepa
ration, in five-drop doses In water. By accident
Mrs. Stewart got the bottles mixed a'ud took a
teaspoonful of the arsenic preparation. She
was removed to the Receiving Hospital by her
husband, where sue was relieved oi the deadly
mixture.
Mrs. Kohiimnn'g Jewelry.
On May 3 Mrs. Rose Robmaon of 32^ Eighth
street, lost about $237 worth of jewelry and
later learned that Koland T. Manning, who
had visited the house, had a number of pawn
tickets. She said that he acknowledged hav
ing taken the jewelry and promised to give
her the tickets. Instead of doing so he sold
the tickets. Mrs. Robinson got out a warrant
for Manning's arrest for grand larceny.
A DISAPPOINTED LIFE.
Why Richard Cayford Left the
Hawaiian Islands.
A Story in Which There Seems a Tinge
of Fate— Hn. Cayford Stricken With
ParalynU, and Vet Sho Has Been
Cured— The Residents of the
Mission District Look Upon
It as a Miracle.
From the Examiner, San Francisco, Cal.
Residents of the Mission District of San
Francisco have for months been marveling
over the peculiar case of Mrs. Anna Cayford,
the wife of Richard Caylord, who resides at
313 Seventeenth street. Several years ago
Mr. and Mrs. Cayford took up their resi
dence in the Hawaiian Islands, where Mr.
Cayford, who is by trade a blacksmith, ap
plied himself diligently at his occupation,
until at length he had, by reason of his hard
work and frugality, placed himself and fam
ily upon a fair way to prosperity. he had
begun to look forward to the enjoyment of
a quiet, happy life upon the beautful islands
of the Pacific, and in his fancy had built
for himself and his family a comfortnble
little home, nestled snugly among the deep
and fragrant foliage of that distant land.
His wife shared with him in the contempla
tion of the happiness that the future appar
ently had in store for them. She had arrived
at the age at wh : cn rest and contentment
count for so much in a woman's life, when she
was suddenly stnckeu with nervous prostra
tion. Her condition became very serious and
her physician ndvisod her that she must leave
ths Islands if she wished to regnin her health.
Acting upon this advice, Mr. Cayford disposed
of his business nnd removed to San Francisco.
Mrs. Cayford unproved slightly with the
change of climate until July, 1893, when she
was stricken by paralysis of the left arm and
leg, and was entirely deprived of the use of
those limbs, having to be carried about the
house by her husband for a period of two
mouths. * She wa* treated for tome time by -a
physician, but he was able only partly to "re
lieve her. Bhe was able to drag herself about
the house, but there was no strength iv either
of the affected limbs.
It was while she was in this condition that
she noticed in a paper the advertisement of
Williams' Pink Pills. She determined to get a
box of them and try them, thinking:, as she
said, that at least she could not be injured by
them. Mrs. Cayford tciis of the relief she ex
perienced from the time she began taking the
pills, and her story is told in such a plain,
straightforward manner that it is given in her
own words.
"VYhen I first began taking Williams' Pink
Pills," snid Mrs. Cayford, "I had absolutely no
strength in cither limb of the leftside of my
body. The treatment of my physician had
partly relieved the paralysis, but Hfter he had
applied all his remedies I was still in prac
tically a help!«ss condition. Before I had
taken" one full box of the pills I began to feel a
return of sirength in the limbs that had been
?o long useless. Feeling reassured by the
first efftct of- the pills upon ma I pur
chased a second box and continued to take
them until I had used six boxes, when the
last trace ot paralysis hnd left my body
and I had regained the full use of my limbs.
You cannot imagine how delighted I was when
I felt that my old-time activity was returning.
It reminded me of tho day.; when I was strong
and healthy at my Island home. I do not
know what stronger testimony I could give as
to'the merits of Williams' Pink Pills than to
say that they have restored me to such a de
cree of strength that I now do all my own
work without the least inconvenience, which
is as much as I ever did before I was stricken
with paralysis; out that is not all. I almost
forgot to say how the pills have relieved me of
a certain hesitancy In speech, which has
troubled me for years. My tongued used
to become 'thick' and I would lisp most
dreadfully aid could not help myi-elf.
I noticed that after I began taking
tho pills I could talk more easily, and
finally I was entirely relieved of the
lisping that affected my speech. I have taken
the trouble to recommend the pills to an old
lady who is afflicted with paralysis. I have
not seen her since she be* an taking them, but
her husband told me, just the other day, that
she had been greatly benefited by them."
Mrs. Cayford's friends are amazed at her
sudden recovery from such a severe paralytic
stroke, and ftand in wonderment while she re
pests the story ol her suffering and her cure.
Dr. William*' Pink Pills contain all the ele
ments necessary to give new life and richness
to the blood and restore shattered nerves.
They are sold in boxes (never iv loose form, by
the dozen or hundred) at 50 cents a box, or six
boxes for $2 50, and may be had of all drug
grists or directly by mail :rom Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
HEW TO-DAY.'
Is your body
fire-proof ?
Speaking of infectious
diseases, Dr* E* Brown
says: "We ought to
learn to keep our bodies
invulnerable to conta-
gion as a fire-proof
building is impervi-
ous to fire; that is,
we should be able to
resist such moderate
quantities of disease
germs as we necessar-
ily encounter through
life/* Each man and
woman and child
should fortify their own
body by healthy living,
that the soil for the
growth of germs be
not available* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil strengthens the
barriers that Nature
raises against all in-
truders by giving the
system the resistive
force needed to throw
off disease*
STATEMENT
....OF THE....
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• S ....OP THE....
COMMERCIAL UNION
IXSURAXCE COJIPASY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST DAY
December, A. D. 1895, and for the year ending
on that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of i he State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank iurnlatied by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stcck paid up In
ca5h...... $1,250.000 00
ASSETS. ' .•■• •. ■ . : . ■
Real estate owned by company. .. . . . 92,392,751 53
Loans on bonds and mortgages 316,074 63
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 5,129,317 90
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 206,764 70
Cash In banks 1,752,322.00
Interest due and accrued on all
•tocksand loans. 83818
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages '. 8,813 98
Premiums indue course of collection ■■ 1,316,000 98
Bills receivable, not matured, taken S
for fire and marine risks 109,39121
Total assets, life department 8,999,928 04.
Sundry olQces tor guarantees and re-
insurance on losses already paid... 420,577 85
Rents and interest due 3.392 25
Stamps In band .'. 2.370 20
Total a55et5........ .$20.053,543 45
LIABILITIES. T ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid ~\
Losses in process of adjustment or I .kbr ann m
insuspense f »»°">" v v""
Losses resisted, Including expenses ■ ' -
Gross premiums on fire risks run-'
Ding one year or less (reinsur-
ance 50 per cent). , 818 onoon
Gross premiums on fire risks run- | * |O '" |OVV *"*
nine more than one year (rein-
surance pro ratal J . ' ■
Gross premiums on marine and In- 1
land navigation risks (reinsur- I
ance 100 percent)...... V 950,00000
Gross premiums on marine time j
risks (reinsurance- 50 per cent).. J
Liabilities under life department.... 8,999,928 01
Cash dividends remaining paid... 2,414 79
All other demands against the com- • ■ ■
pany V. 2,278,173
Total liabilities. $14,631,616"79
INCOME. ~ . ..■ <■. ; :: -.
Net cash actually received for fire -
premiums. §5,566,922 79
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums ..; ... 1,150,50377
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 332,371 58
Received for transfer fees..... 255 63
Total income of life department 1,240,733 04
Total Income.. $ 8.290,785 80
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5.....'. 3,295,514 52
Net amount paid for marine losses.. i 797,342 93
Dividends to stockholders. 312,025 87
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 787,665 60
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... f , »_„ QQn 1Q
Paid lor State, National and local f *•■«»»•«»«'« A »
taxes .. — J
All other payments and expendi-
tures 854,881 86
Total expenditures.. »7,316,422 38
Fire. Hanne.
Losses Incurred during
the year. 83,074 00 $788,833 00
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
~~~~ 1 . riBE BISKS. . j PKKMICHsT"
Net amount 'of
risks : written
during the year. $1,995,944,996 $7,266 473 73
Net amount of "
risks " expired ' " .
during the year.. 1,079,380,172 4,595,655 68
Net • amount In
force December
31, 1895.. ....:.. 1,363,996,153 4,720,76013
IMABINK BISKS. FKKMICM3.
Net amount of I • :
risks written -
during the year.. $388,957,05& $1,656,633 00
Net amount of
risks expired
during the year. 883,735,405 1,637,775 00
Net amount In
- force December .
81,1895 94,345,600 963,525 00
. . JOHN TKOTT.ER, Chairman.
■ H. M.ANW, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. G. F. Warbkk, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
iflil UUJliiu % bnILL liUulil
— OS 1 ; THE— —
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 1 ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing..
The Alpha Cycling Club races at Central
Park this afternoon will attract a large
gathering of ladies and gentlemen, and
especially ladies as they will be admitted
free of charge. An excellent programme
has been arranged.
The great regatta in which the leading
rowing clubs of this City and Stockton
have entered, will be held this forenoon at
El Campo and if tbe weather is favorable
some grand sport will be witnessed.
Tiie Caledonian Club games at Shell
Mound Park to-day will doubtless be well
attended.
The first baseball match of the season
•will be decided this afternoon on the new
athletic grounds at the Presidio.
The yachtsmen will enjoy a first-class
day's outing on the bay to-day.
The sportsmen, lovers of trap-shooting,
•will gather on the shooting-grounds of the
Stockton Gun Clnb, to witness the great
inanimate target tournament.
THE WHEELMEN.
Petaluma Wheelmen Preparing for
the League Meet In July.
CLUB BUNS TO-MOKKOW.
Bay City Wheelmen— To I'.lithedale.
Camera Clab Cyclists — To Sonoma.
Garden City Cyclers — To Congress
Springs.
Imperial Cycling Clnb — Try-onts at
Central Park.
Liberty Cycling Clnb — Blind rnn.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— To Camp
Taylor.
San Francisco Road Clnb — To Camp
Taylor.
If there should be any appreciabl e down
pour of rain to-day it would necessitate
the postponement of the Alpha Cycling
Club's race meet at Central Park this aft
ernoon and evening for a week, and would
put off the many enjoyable club runs
which are scheduled above for to-morrow.
The Central Park track is banked all the
way around and an hour's sunshine after
a rain would leave it in as good shape as
ever. The races will therefore not be put
off if the weathe ris at all fair. In the aft
ernoon the events will be a one-third mile
amateur scratch, one-half mile profes
sional scratch and a one-half mile ama
teur handicap. In the evening there will
be a one-mile professional handicap and a
one-mile amateur scratch. The afternoon
programme is by far the best. The entries,
heats and handicaps for these races were
published in The Call yesterday.
A nent the departure of three represen
tatives of local cycling houses for Aus
tralia Thursday to look after trade there,
the Monowai took down over 300 bicycles on
her last trip. The craze for the wheel is
growing in Australia and New Zealand,
and thousands of the machines go there
every month. Strange to say, al
though the freight and duty on them is
considerable, the best-knowfc makes of
wheels are sold in Sydney and Melbourne
for from $15 to $20 "apiece less than they
can be Dought for here.
Harry Monahan wilF officiate as an
nouncer at the races at Central Park to
day in place of Wilbur Knapp, who went
to the Antipodes.
A meeting of the board of officers of the
North California Division, Leaeue of
American Wheelmen, has been called for
Saturday evening, June 13, at the Reliance
Club, Oakland, by Chief Consul Kerrigan.
George E. Dixon and Albert J. Menne,
of the Bay City Wheelmen, have been
appointed a "committee on racing men"
by the directors of that club. Another
member, not yet named, is to be added to
the committee. Their duties will prob
ably be to assist new racers, encourage
old ones and look after the interests of the
speedy men of the ciab in general. It is
a good move. The committee will un
doubtedly retain the services of the clab
trainer, King Rhys, than whom there is no
better on the coast, as his careful handling
of Champion Wells will testify.
The Petaluma wheelmen "are hard at
worK on the arrangements for their big
meet on July 4 and 5, and it wiil unques
tionably be a great success. As it is the
annual leaeue meet, the L. A. W, will
grant no sanctions to other ciubs for a
meet on that day, so that there can be no
opposition to the Petaluma gathering.
Tnere will be excursions, a dance and
parade, and races for which valuable
prizes will be given. There is a splendid
track there now, but to further improve it
the turns are being raised, and new seats
will be added to the grand stand. In ap
purtenances it will rival the track at Cen
tral Park here, which is noted for its splen
did management and many conveniences.
The members of the California Cycling
Club are in active training for their big
road race Sunday, June 21.
When George P. Wetmore entertains his
fellow-members of the Bay City Wheel
men he does it in truly royal style, and it
is this knowledge which induces the mem
bers to look forward with considerable
pleasant anticipation to their run to Blithe
dale to-morrow, where they are to meet
liim and be his guests for the day. Mr.
Wetmore arranged a similar outing last
year that was replete with enjoyment and
was voted one of the best runs of the sea
son.
R. M. Welch, member of the National
Racing Board in California, has issued his
bulletin. No. 12, dated San Francisco, May
28, 1896, as follows:
Sanctions granted — June 6, Boys' Brigade,
San Francisco; July 4, Capital City Wheelmen,
Sacramento.
Transferred to professional clrsh— Gus E.
Wallin, Pocatello, Idaho; H. B. freeman, San
Francisco, Cal. ; Jtunex Tracer, San Luis
Obispo, Cal., under clause A; Hardy Downing,
Bun Jose, Cal., own request.
R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Hoard.
Captain Joseph B. Carey has called a
clua run of the Gurden city Cyclers to
Congress Springs for to-morrow. An ex
cellent lunch will be served tne riders at
the hotel there.
Riders should put their toeclips on cor
rectly. For some unknown reason they
are usually bolted to the pedal, as though
the end ol v man's big toe was in the mid
dle of his foot. Shoes used to be made
that way, to the great profit of chiropod
ists, but the modern article conforms to
the shape pi a man's foot and brings the
toe well toward the inside. »So bolt your
toeclips well toward the inside of your
pedals. You will be surprised at the re
sult. It seems almost iuohsh to call at
tention to such a little point, but it is so
universally overlooked mat i mention it,
not lor the particular benefit of the racing
man, but for the great and increasing army
of tourists that have uscuvered toeclips to
be a great comfort on rough roads and
when riding hands off to rest one's self by
a change of position.
The San * rancisco Road Club will jour
ney to Camp Taylor to-morrow. One de
taclimeut, under Captain Pixley, will take
the 8 a. H. Sausalito boat and ride the en
tire distance from there. The second party
will go by the 9 o'clock ferry, and take the
local train to tian Anselmo, riding irom
that point, under the two lieutenants,
Lewis and Giimore.
The ball bearings ordinarily u^ed on
bicycles should be so adjusted that no side
"play" is perceptible, but not tight enough
to "bind." This is in answer to a number of.
queries as to whether the bearings should
not be loose enough to allow the shaft to
move slightly sidewise. In the language
of a prominent bicycie manufacturer,
"bearings should be absolutely tight and
yet perfectly loose." AHhou h seemingly
paradoxical, there is a point, and not a
very narrow one either, where the bearings
may run perfectly free and yet be tight
enough, so that no "lost motion" is appa
rent.
The Ran Francisco Road Clnb will hold
a five-mile handicap road race over the
Sun lieandro-Hay wards course on Sunday,
June 28. This course is generally pre
ferred to the one at San Carlos on this
side, as at the latter point there are no
accommodations for wheelmen, and after
racing rive miles the men must recover
the ground to get their clothes and such
attention as they need. The roads are
somewhat better on this side, but owing
to the accommodations to be had at both
ends of the ride across the bay, San Lean
dro and Haywards, and the convenience
of an electric-car system alongside the
course, whereby the race may be followed
and watched the entire distance, most of
the road events this year will be held in
Alameda County.
Zigzag hill climbing is easier than the
straight lift. The cyclist can here learn of
the mule. No mule native to a mountain
ous region takes a straight course uphill
with a load, but "weaves" continually
from one side of the way to the other.
If yon want to steer well let your eyes
meet tbe surface of the ground at a point
not less than thirty feet ahead of the bicy
cle. Many new riders fix their gaze con
tinually, on a point immediately ahead of
their front wheel and this is the chief
cause ot their wobbling.
At a rough estimate there were about
200 class B men known as crack riders last
season. Of these, all of 150 are now out of
employment.
The North California division, league
of American Wheelmen, has had another
good week, forty-three new members being
the showing made by the last bulletin.
Secretary-Treasurer Scovern announces
tlfat all of the roadbooks of the late edi
tion are gone. The touring committee is
now working on a second edition with
some improvements, which it will take
some time to set ready. The handbook
of this division will be out June 10 or
thereabouts, and will be an exceedingly
valuable pamphlet, it is free to members
only, and can be had by addressing the
secretary, Stanley G. Scovern, 1590 Fulton
street, City. Members would do well to
send their requests in now, as the demand
for the book will be heavy and the first
edition may soon be exhausted. The new
members' badges are reaay for delivery.
They are of silver and can be had from the
secretary at actual cost to the division, 35
cents each.
There will be a twenty- five mile relay
race to-morrow between the Menio Park
Cyclers, Redwood City Wheelmen, Moun
tain View Cyclers, Independent Cyclers Of
Mountain View, Franklin Road Club of
San Jose and the Bohemian Cylers of Santa
Clara. The course commences at San
Mateo and finishes at Santa Clara.
The following are the teams entered by
the different clubs and their respective
positions:
Redwood City Cyclers— Jack Ley, Percy
Wilson, ,C. Allen, H. Gremmenstein, Al
Johnson.
Menlo Park Wheelmen — Win Barnbisel,
G. Andrews, William Hammerson, H.
Weeden, William Casey.
Independent Cyclers of Mountain View —
A. Clark, H. Carter, D. Murphy, J.
Francis, J. Mockbee.
Mountain View Wheelmen — P. H. Mill
bery, M. Mosconi, Ira Goodrich, Ray Bubb,
Ray Hogg.
Franklin Road Clab of San Jose — J.
Reed, A. Viet, F. Brown,- C. Doble, J.
Carroll.
Bohemian Clnb of Santa Clara— H. Al
den, George Mitchell, E. McQuaid. C. Bar
low, C. Lain.
Rod Taylor, the crack rider of the Menlo
Wheelmen, and holder of the tive-mile
championship of San Mateo County, will
not ride, owiiip to some trouble between
himself and the-racing board.
Much is expected cf the Menlo Wheel
men, they having defeated the Pirate
Wheelmen in a similar contest last year.
C. M. Murphy, the weli-known racing
man, ws? arrested recently for scorching.
He was fined $5 and released with a repri
mand. It must have been a pretty hot
"scorch" for "Brother Charles," and those
who have seen him ride will wonder how
in the world any peace officer ever caught
Him.
A bicycle chain should not be tight. Ko
chain and whepls can be made which will
run well unless there is a little "slack" to
the chain. In fact, there is no danger of
tbe chain being too loose so lone as it
cannot possibly get off the teeth of the
sprocket wheels. If you have any doubt
as to whether a chain is loose enough roll
the machine forward a few steps, and
while it is still moving forward slightly
take hold of the lower part of the chain,
and unless it has the feeling of being per
fectly loose the adjustment is too tight. A
chain should be kept well oiled in its
bearings and lubricated with graphite or
something similar on the weaMnpr side.
Spaldinq.
ROD AND GUN.
Adventures of Two Local Anglers on
Calaveras Creek.
Notwithstanding that the streims within
a few hours' railroad travel of this City are
now in tip-top condition for fly-fishing, re
ports from, favorite resorts during the week
have been few.
James Reynolds and a friend whipped
three miles of the Lagnnitas last Tuesday
and had fairly good success. Mr. Rey
nolds states that the stream still continues
very high, and that small fisn are toler
ably plentiful.
The Paper-mill is a wonnerfully prolific
stream, and from the continuous whipping
it receives one must naturally feel sur
prised that there are any fish remaining at
this season of the year. *
But the Paper-mill, recardless of the
whipping it gets from the opening to the
ending of the angling months, is the best
local bit of fishing water within a radius
of 100 miles of this City.
The Sonoma Creek is doomed. A hog
ranch, which was opened this year on a
tributary near Glen Ellen, will be the
means of keeping the stream in a muddy
condition during the season for angling.
When the water is discolored there can be
but little hope for those who cast flies
principally.
Some years ago the Sonoma was the star
fishing stream of the near counties to this
City, but it is extremely doubtful il trout
risbing in this creek will ever amount to
anything so longas the present condition
of affairs continue.
Latest reports from the Pieta and other
streams near Cloverdale state that tne few
recent days of warm weather have vastly
improved the sport of anglers and that
fly lishing is now excellent.
Jamil Watt and J. A. Pariser, two ven
erable anglers of the old school, enjoyed
fir-t-class stjort last Saturday on the Cal
averas Creek.
The disciples of the gentle art were met
by W. Bains of Milpitasand conveyed to
his ranch by a spanking team. After en
joying a hearty supper, a magnincant
nigtot's snoring and dreams of big, silvery
fishes, all of which feasts were settled
down by a bounteous breakfast, consisting
of streaming hot coffee, hot biscuits and
four dozen fresh eggs, the anglers quickly
posed their long-distance eyeglasses over
their nasal appendages and started off at
daybreak for the haunts of the game
steel head.
They returned with "well-rilled" baskets
and clothes that had been in soak several
times during the day. Mr. Pariser got
one good ducking while wildly endeavor
ing to save a two-pound trout, which
finally got away just as the angler was
about to place hands upon it. Mr. Watt
tried a little tobogganing on the trunk of
a tree that had seen better days, and,
thanks to his fishing-basket, which fortu
nately slipped its moorings in the nick of
time and drifting around to the angler's
breastworks it saved him from a knock
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
out blow when his lightning slide down
grade and against time was interrupted
by a projecting limb.
Mr. Watt states positively that he has
had a sufficient experiencein the way of
tree-sliding over deep-water pools.
Lloyd Eaton, Al Newman and Charley
Dietz left last evening for a right royal
good time trout fishing in the streams
that empty into Russian River near Clov
erdale. Dietz states that he will not try
horseback riding on this occasion and that
shank's mare is good enough for him
while traversing the rocky mountains of
Sonoma County.
Ed Head and wife, with five com
panions, will leave this evening for .Colonel
Bain's egg and butter ranch, on Calaveraa
Creek. Mr. Head expects to return with
fish galore for all bis fnenus.
The much-talked-of inanimate target
tournament will be held to-day at Stock
ton. Tne Olympic Club team of shooters
left this City Thursday evening for Stock
ton. They held several practice shoots
yesterday, and unless something very un
foreseen happens the Olympic colors
should be well in front this afternoon.
The San Joaquin Valley Gun Club will
be represented in the tournament by E.
E. McVeagh, James Rice, Gny Gilmer,
Al and Guy Lovelace ol Dinuba; Woods
and Armitage of Fresno, O. M. Judy of
Heedley, Jack Shiell of Kingsburg and
George W. Hinkle of Lemoore.
The Lincoln Gun Club will in all prob
ability "walk away" with the best prizes.
The team is a very strong one.
The Alameda County Sportsmen's Club
will soon nave finely equipped quarters at
Alameda Point. A contract has been let
for a new club buildine. traps, etc., to cost
$1753. Three sets of traps will be put up
and the clubhouse will be arranged no as
to have a meeting-room on the second
floor with a large observation window
overlooking the shooting grounds. The
club has control of a three-acre tract at
Alameda Point, and when their improve
ments are completed the clubmen will
have the finest equipped grounds in the
State.
THE OARSMEN.
Full Particulars of the E! Campo
Regatta— Donors of Prizes.
The much-talked-of regatta under the
auspices of the South End Rowing Ciub
will be held to-day at El Campo.
The entries for the different events were
published exclusively in The Call last
Saturday, and the South End boat club of
Jas. MeElroy, stroke. Paul Sturdevant, forward teaisU Percy Morse, after waitt. B. Collins, bow.
OLYMPIC CLUB CRKW IN TO-DAY'S REGATTA AT EL CAMPO.
[From photographs by Bushnetl.]
this Gity has spared neither time, trouble
nor expense to make the regatta the great
est aquatic event held on tbe bay in years.
All arrangements for tbe affair are com
pleted, and yesterday the regatta officials
laid out the course and made everything
ready for the races to start immediately
upon the arrival of the 10 o'clock boat from
the City, as by bringing the races off in
the morninc culm water is assured.
The Dolphins' junior crew tried them
selves out with a tug daring tbe week and
held it down from the boathouse to Lom
bard-street wharf, a distance of a mile.
The Ariel crew went over the Long Bridge
course in 10:08, which is nearly as fast as
the time made by the senior crew of the
celebrated South End Club, who rowed
over the course in a little over nine
minutes.
Tbe greatest confidence is placed in the
Olympic Club crew— and it is not mis
placed confidence, either— and unless the
crew from Stockton looms up as a dark
horse, the Olympic boys should win the
junior four-oared barge" race.
Tbe Olympians are undoubtedly the
best trained. In a tryout with the senior
crew of the South End Club from the
sugar refinery to Hunters Point, a distance
of three mile?, they held their own to per
fection.
While the South Ends have been active
in making preparations lor the regatta,
they have not neglected tneir racing lads
and will have in the field two very strong
crews, a junior and senior. Their junior
Robert Ellis, Outrigger Skiff In To-
Day's Regatta at £1 Campo.
crew was just recently organized, bat v
composed of tbe clab's best oarsmen, and,
with their clever cockswain, George Mc-
Grill, they expect to Keep well up to the
leaders.
The crews from the San Francisco Ath
letic Club have been working hard under
the tutorship of Captain N. Conroy, and
although this is their first experience in a
boat race they will, no doubt, give a good
account of themselves, as they are all
trained athletes.
Considerable money is going to change
hands on the single-scall race, in which
arc entered F. Duplissea, W. McCausland
and A. G. Brown of Stockton. Duplissea
is the favorite, but there is no end of Mc-
Cauttland money flying around, and the
sport-loving people of Stockton will come
down, it is said, in goodly numbers to back
their favorite.
A change has been made in the officers
of the day. John E. Budd. brother of the
Governor, haw taken John Elliot's place as
judge, and W. B. Henchman of Alameda
will act as official time-keeper.
Following is a list of prizes for the dif
ferent events and their donators: Senior
barge, gold medals, donated by County
Clerk Curry; junior barge, gold medals,
denated by John D. Siebe; second prize,
medals, by South End Club; senior shell,
sculls, from Al Roriuers; junior shell, gold
medal, from Scuth End Club: senior out
rigger skiff, first prize, gold medal, from
Sheriff Wheian ; second prize, trophy, do
nated by Nathan, Dourman & Co. ; junior
outrigger skiff, gold medal, from South
End Club; League of the Cross Cadets,
first prize, trophy, donated by J. D. Phe
lan; second Drize, trophy, given by
Thomas Ashworth. E.C. H.ughes, C. it.
Benjamin, C. L. Waener and A. W. Mor
genstern of the Board of Supervisors have
also eiven trophies.
THE DOLPHIN'S DAY.
Regatta and High Jinks and a
Water Bicycle Race.
The following communication from the
secretary of the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating Club relative to its regatta and
high jinks on Sunday bas been received :
"The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club will hold its annual regatta and high
jinks on Sunday May '3l, at the foot of
Polk street.
"The aquatic sports will commence at
11 a. sharp, and several interesting
events will be held.
"A. P. RothKoDf, the oldest member in
the club, has offered a gold medal for the
100-yard swimming race open to club
members only.
"A novelty will be introduced in the
way of a race between Captain Thomp
son's water bicycle and Cully Mogan's
canoe Gyp. The bicycle is capable of
making twelve miles an hour under ordi
nary power.
"Jack Coughlan and Tony Ronard will
give an exhibition canoe race.
"The Dolphins, Ariels, Pioneers and
South Ends will row a mile barge race.
"Al White will give a silver cup to the
winner of the outrigger skiff race between
Thomas Keenan and W. O. Patch. Both
men have been training for this event and
Keenan is picked as a sure winner.
"The regatta can be witnessed from the
foot of Hyde street, as the races will start
and finish from Selby's wharf.
"The indoor programme will begin at 2
o'clock sharp, and excellent talent will
positively appear.
"Judge Campbell will lend his presence
and will entertain with some choice
stories. His Honor hasn't misled a high
jinks or stories for several years.
"Ferris Hartman, Tom Leary, Gilbert
and Goldie and R. I. Wheian have volun
teered their services. Hartman, who is a
great favorite with the Dolphins, will ap
pear as the commodore in 'Ship Ahoy,'
and Joe McCarthy will do 'Christy.'
"The hijrh jinks committee consists of
James Cronin, C. J. Mogon, Frank Kelly,
E. Coney and W. O. Fatch.
"President T. J. Sullivan will have
charge of the high jinks and Captain \V.
O. Patch will manage the regatta, as
sisted by Lieutenant-Captain C. J. Mogan.
"Invitations for the high jinks can be
had from any of the members.
"The eighteenth annual outing and fam
ily excursion will be held Sunday, June 7,
at Sunset Park, and tuose who will attend
can look pleasantly forward to one of the
most entertaining of the season's outings."
The programme of the club's high jinks
is as follows:
Outrigger skiff race, W. O. Patch, T. R. Kee
nan; canoe race, J. Coughlan. Al Rouard;
barge race. Dolphin*, Ariels, Pioneers, South
Ends; canoe vs. water bicycle, Cully Mocan
(canoe), \V. O. Patch (bicycle-); swimming race,
100 yards, open to club members only, tor gold
medal, .given by A. P. Rothkopf; John Marron
Thomas Kennedy, Ed Sullivan, James Cronin'
Harry Vandewater, John Cashin, John Lynch,
W. O. Patch, Joe McCarthy (ex-champion), Jack
Coughlan, W. Sonumai'her; shell race, R. Gio
vannlni, John Coughlan.
Afternoon entertainment — SiX Berg, song;
Eddie Sweeney, specialties; Tom McGrath,
soup; Milton Hayes and F. Gilbert, four rounds
boxing; £d Sullivan and Stewart Carter, four
rounds boxing; Gilbert and Goldie, Ferris
Hartraan, Tommy Leary, R. I. Wbeian, Johan
assen. Dr. William Sieberst, specialties; Sydney
O'Brien, banjo; Owin & Co., mandolin club;
Jack Douglas, Billy Custer, Jink Meyers, banjo;
Jack Desmond, song; Ed Williams, jokes;
Judge Campbell, "remarks"; Frank Gilbert,
Larry Burns, Tom Lewis, song.
THE RIFLE.
A Big Fifty-Shot Match to Be Held
at Shell Mound To-Morrow.
There will be an interesting fifty-shot
rifle match, open to all comers, to-morrow
at the Shell Mound range, and such marks
men as Glindemann, Strecker, Pape,
Young, Burfeiud, McLaughlin, Schuster
and others have signified their intention
of participating therein. The match will
be shot on the Columbia target and $5 en
trance. It has been agreed that $1 shall
be paid on each flag, which represents a
center shot. The money will be divided
thus: Sixty per cent, after all flags are
paid for, to go tothe one making the best
fifty-shot score and 40 per cent to the one
making the best ten-shot score. This will
give ail, poor as well as good shots, a
chance at the prizes.
Mr. Otten, one of the directors of the
San Jose Schuetzen section of the Turn
Verein. was recently in this City to invite
the San Francisco marksmen to attend
the opening shooting festival of the new
Turners' rifle range; also to learn from
the local shots what date would be the
best for this event. The new San Jose
range will be funii-he.i and fitted with all
of the modern appliances for targets,
shooting-stands, etc The range is 200
yards and it is expected that there will be
a 50-yard pistol range attached. Eight
double targets will be in use. Tho irstwn
of marking will be by the usual dittt'held
over the shots on the targets, and the
value of the shots will be rek'»st«'red on
wheels in the scorer's stand similar to
those ÜBedon the Stiell Mound ami Schut
zen ranges. These wheels are moved by
endless wires to the numbers desired by
the markers at the targets, and so far no
system has proved superior or more satis
factory.
Shots will be called by means of electric
The Glindemann Military Rifle Medal
Presented to the Colombia Clnb
by W. Glindemann.
wires and buttons connecting the scores
with the markers. The opening of tbe
range will be celebrated with appropriate
ceremonies and festivities. Marksmen
from all over the State will attend, and in
vitations will be sent to all shooting clubs
to send representatives. The attendance
will no doubt be large, as tnere will be a
large number of cash prizes to be shot for
on the public targets. San Francisco
marksmen favor the opening on the fifth
Sunday of August, as that will be an "off"
Sunday for all rifle clubs. Attached to the
range is a large dancing pavilion.
nilliam Glindemann has just finished
the beautiful medal that he has presented
to the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club to
be known as the Gliudemann military rifle
medal.
It is of solid pold, and the workmanship
is excellent. The medal is open to all
competitors, outside as well as in the
dub, and it will be awarded to the one
making the best ten scores, ten shots to a
score, during the year. One of the condi
tions is that it will be shot for on the
Creedmore count of the Columbia target.
On this target the inside of the 8 ring is
the same as the Creedmore 5. From Bto
26 is the Creedmore 4, and ontside of 26 is
the Creedmore 3. It is expected that there
will be a hot competition for the medal be
fore the season is over.
THE BOXERS.
Fighters Who Will Box Under the
Auspices of the National Club.
Jimmy Carroll, the clever lightweight
boxer, is of the opinion that the Mechan
ics' Pavilion will hold an immense crowd
of sport lovers next Wednesaay evening,
June 3, when the National Athletic Club
will introduce its galaxy of fistic talent.
The physical-culture entertainment will
Billy Gallagher, 148 Pounds.
consist of four eight-round contests be
tween the following well-known pugiiiats:
Tom Sharkey and Jim Williams, heavy
weights, who will fight at 182 pounds;
Patsy Corrigran and Billy Smith, heavy
weights, 175 pounds; Billy Gallagher and
Danny Needhanij welter-weights, 147
pounds: Arthur Walker of Australia and
Prolessor George Allen of Chicago, 147
pounds.
The pugilists are in good condition, and
it can be :-afely said that some very excit
ing rounds will be witnessed. The events
of the evening will be the meetings be
tween Sharkey and Williams ancL Need
ham and Gallagher.
Williams arrived Jrom Salt Lake a few
days ago and is now in training at Sausa
lito, where he will remain with his attend
ant until next Wednesday. He says that
he will not retnrn home with defeat
stamped upon his brow, but the great
nautical diver and bag-smasher of the
Cliff says that Williams may have stamps
all over his anatomy after he has finished
a fistic interview with him.
Billy Gallagher will be a very much sur
prised man if Xeedham will have the bet
ter of their little eight round argument.
Gallagher is as hard as steel and his game
qualities have never been questioned.
The fistic programme is a good one, and
unless something very unforseen happens
between now and Wednesday evening, the
lovers of good boxing will be given a treat
at the Pavilion.
Jim Corbett is on his way to this City.
In an interview with a correspondent of
The Call at Salt Lake he stated that he
may not journey as far as 'Frisco. He is
expecting a cablegram from his manager,
Brady, who is now in England watchiqg
Jim Williams of Salt Lake, 182 Pounds.
the movements of Fitzsimmons and Jack
son. California James is ready at a mo
ment's notice to ship for the land of roast
beef and plum pudding. He expects tnat
his next battle will be with Fitzsimmons
in England.
According to his latest statement he will
follow "tbe champion" over the water and
compel the New Zealander to either fight or
crawfish.
It is safe to say, however, that Corbett
will see his native city ard old time
companions before he will place foot on
the streets of London. Choynski is here
and if James and Joseph can agree upon
an eight or ten round contest at the
Pavilion, they can count upon a great
house and a large display of pocket
money even though the contest may be
announced as a scientific exhibition be
tween the stars of the heavy-weight
division of fighters.
COURSING.
The Great Interstate Meeting Will
Be Held To-Day at Ingiesldet
The Interstate Coursing Club will give
its second indoor meeting to-day at Ingle
side Park and it»goes without saying that
a large and select gathering of the lovers
of good and clean coursing will be present
to witness many of the best dogs in the
State stretching themselves in grueling
I courses after the long-legged '•jaclcs
wh ich have recently arrived from Merced.
The manager of the park has made very
extensive preparations to receive the
sportsmen and their lady friends to-day.
The coursing sward is in magnificent
condition alter the . bath it received on
Thursday night, and the famous judge,
John Grace, predicts a great day's sport,
as both dogs and hares will be in line fettle
for long and spirited races.
The "draw" is as follows:
Old dogs— T. Cooney's Grannall vs. E. 8. Por
tel s Eldridge, West Side kennel's West Side vs.
H. Lang's Lassie Gourie, J. H. Rossiter's Ara
pahoe vs. J. F. Grace's Nellie Conroy, Robinson
& Peyton's Daisy Crest vs. Healy's Moondyne,
Robinson's Red Rover vs. T. McDonald's Lis.
salt. M. Roger's Sly Boy vs. Robinson & Pev
ton's Flying Buck. Riley & Dillon's Sunol vs.
T. J. Cronin's Skyball, T. Butler's Susie vs. M
1 ray nor's Valley Maid, J. H. Rossiter'* Ala
meda vs. E. S. Portel's Laurel Leaf, E. 8. Por
tel s Laurel Wood vs. D. Shannon's Sculptress,
J. H. Rossiter's Wayfarer vs. J. Burn/ Mol
hawk, M. Traynor's Flashlight vs. D. Shannon's
Sarcastic.
Prizes are $100, $60, $35.
Puppy stakes— J. H. Rossiter's San VictoT vs.
H. M. Spring's Master Don, J. R. Dickson's
Cammilla vs. J. Dean's Livingston, C. Gris
wold's Great Scott vs. Miolner.
Prizes, $30, $15, $10.
The following culling from the Ameri
can Field will give leashmen an idea of
the prices that are paid for good grey
hounds in England. It says:
. The end of the season in the United King
dom finds coursing more strongly supported
than ever. Tne very latest recruits are Sir
Humphrey de Trafford and the Duke of Leeds,
each of whom is getting together a strong ken
nel for next season. Their purchases are al
most confined to saplings, which are making
good prices if of fashionable lineage and taking
style; and, by the way, Young Fullerton's get
appear to sell as well as any others. This
buying of saplings is a good dtal of a specula
tion, and otten enough at the end of their first
season greyhounds won't sell for 20 per cent
of the figure paid for them as youngsters; but,
on the other hand, if they have turned out
well, they are worth over and over again what
was paid for them.
At the Barbican, London, on April 18, Tom
Graham anjl Lambert Nicholls' young stock
made the best averages. Mr. Graham only
sent up four, but three of them were winners
of sapling stakes at Witbam enclosed meeting
the last week of the season. Guess It and G*l
ntia, both by Young Fullerton-Sally Millburn,
realized $380 and $250; Guest, by Norway-
Mary Webster, went for $160, and a black
bitch by Norway-Mary Harding for $85; thus
the four saplings netted Mr. Graham $875 #
Mr. Nicholls got $485 for three sapiings by
Neston-Ningara and $690 for four by Patrick
Blue-Nordica'; he also sold a litter of nine by
Character-Nebula, of which three brindled
bitches fetched $660, the balance only realiz
ing $355.
No coursing will be held to-day at Ocean
View Park on account of counter attrac
tions, bat on Sunday a 32-dog stake, in
which the pick of the local dogs are en
tered, will be run. The bounds entered
are very evenly matched, and the betting
should be spirited. Anne lot of new hares
have recently been put in the paddocks,
and a good day's sport is anticipated. Fol
lowing is the result of the drawing:
A. Merrill's Ben Brush vs. J. Sexsmith's Mis
sion Hoy, D. Chilla's Happy Day vs. A. Mer
rill's Snowbird, Villa kennel's Electric vs. S.
Lehman's Nelly C, 0. W. Pellegrini^ Henrietta
vs. Villa kennel's Bonnie Lass, M. O'Connor's
Oregon Boy vs. W, D. Murphy's Fireman, C.An
derson's Fairy Day vs. J. Baxter's Yankee Doo
dle, P. Ryan's Royal Stag vs. Valley kennel's
Gold King. P. Litter's Abbey Lass vs. W. Gree
ly's Never Left, J. Segerson's White chief vs. J.
Kerrigan's White Cioud, P. Ryan's Barney vs.
J. J. Edmunds' Vida Shaw, E. Campbell's Cock
tail vs. J. Segerson's Gold Hill, M. Casserly's
California Violet vs. J. Kerrigan's Dashaway,
W. D. Murphy's Tippler vs. D. Burfieud's Trix,
H. Burns' Lucky Dog vs. D. Toland's Twilight,
P. Ryan's Magpie vs. T. Walton's Bobolink. T.
Flynu's Captain Jim vs. A. Merrill's Tommy
Hall.
Prizes will be $25, $15, $6 and $6. Ed
Canavan will judge and John Cranston
will handle the slips.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
A Stupendous Score, Which Breaks
the Record.
All indications at the opening of the
present cricket year pointed to record
breaking on three continents. The first
fulfillment of the forecast comes from
England, where the record for the largest
number of individual scores in a single
inning has been broken. It occurred in
the Yorkshire vs. Warwickshire match at
Birmingham, where tbe former held pos
session of the wickets for two whole days
and ran up the gigantic score of 887 runs.
This score beats all previous records in
an inning total. The one coming nearest
it, in first-class events, was achieved by
the Australian eleven on their last tour, at
Portsmouth, when, on July 31 and August
1 and 3, 1893, they ran up a total of 843
against Oxiord and Cambridge Past and
Present.
The highest score in any match was
made by the Orleans Club", when their
total was 920 against Rukling Green, in
August, 1882. The individual achieve
ments on the present occasion are abso
lutely unprecedented. No less than four
of the team attained treble figures — Peel,
210 not out, Lord Hawke 166, Wainwright
126, and F. S. Jackson 117. While there
are many instances of three "centuries" in
one inning, on no previous occasion has
there been over three.
Latest accounts give the match between
Australia vs. Lord Sheffield's eleven as a
draw. The Britisners had six wickets to
fall and only fourteen runs to get to win
when time was called.
The Eastern colleges have stolen Cali
fornia s thunder by establishing an inter
collegiate association with a cup trophy.
Harverford (Pa.) College is about to send
a team to England to compete with Eton,
Harrow, Rugby, Winchester, Norwich and
other leading schools.
Local players will be interested to hear
that A. S. Webster, iate of the Bohemians,
is distinguishing himself in the East.
Playing for the New Jersey Athletic Asso
ciation recently he scored 32 not out and
kept wickets superbly.
The much-talk' d-of two days' match,
Ground vs. Ground, will commence this
morning at Alameda at 11:30 sharp. Fol
lowing are the teams:
Alamedas— Hogue, Hood, Price, Peel,
Randall (Alameda C. C.,, G. Theobald.
Myers. Wiseman, Casidy, Mutch and
Wise (Pacific C. C.^
Golden Gates — \N . Robertson, Dr. Bow
-1 ill, Smith, Reynolds, Pollock, West,
Martin, Townsley, Jones, Newman and
Van Orden.
It should be a contest well worth seeing.
Umpire.
HANDBALL.
Players Who Will Meet In the Courts
To-Morrow.
Phil Ryan of the San Francisco hand
ball court has announced tne following
programme of events for to-morrow:
M. McNeil and W. Manning vs. P. Ryan *nd
George McDonald; J. White and G. Edwards
vs. R. Murphy and G. Stansburv; J. Shaw and
L. Kenny vs. J. Collins and T. Ryan; P. Hutch
inson and A. Pennoyer vs. G. Hutchinson and
P. Kelly; J. Rlordan, coast champion, and J.
Lawless vs. T. F. Bonnet and P. Donnelly, the
amateur champion.
At the Union court the games will be as
follows:
Professor Lynch and T. Lflnihan will play J.
O'Donnell and J. Howard, T. crane ana P. J
O'Brien will play R. Burns and J. Collins!
Kennedy and William McManus will play
William Leonard and 0. Rowan, R. .Lenthan
and J. Kcarny will play J. Feeney and Terry
McManus.
Basket-Bali.
On Thursday. June 4, the rushers of the
San Francisco Y. M. C. A. will play a
match game of basket-ball with the Oak
land team in the Oakland gymnasium.
The game will no doubt be one of the best
ever seen, as the two teams are very evenly
matched. The Oakland team will be as
follows: Joe Lancaster, center; Joe Lan
caster Jr., right center; Walter Rode or
Charles Tullett, left center; W. B. West
left nuard; Everest William, right center;
Hugo Muller, left forward; Frank Bock
captain, right forward; F. W. Edwards'
substitute.
Sacramento News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 29.-The success
achieved in the formation of the bicycle path
to Folsom, a distance of twenty-two miles, has
resulted In the demand for other paths to
other localities, and witain a short time there
will be a series of paths radiating in all direc
tions out of this city to near-by towns. On the
7th of June there will be a mass-meeting of the
wheelmen of Sacrmnento County at Roseville
_ •_. WEW TO-PAT.
'•••••••••••••••••••••I
P A ertcct Gail Bordeni
infant Eagle Brand;
Food Condensed Milk !
"Infant Health," is a little book of '
great value that is sent Free on appli- '
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. '
;71 Hudson Street, ■ > Hew Tort
hew to-pat:
Don't you want to free your*
self from the stealthy serpent
which is slowly eating away
your manly strength ?
Every man has sown his wild
oats to some extent before he
reaches the age of manhood, and
there is in every man more
or less of the effect of his early
indiscretions. .
You yourself know better than
anybody else how weak you are.
You have felt the ravages of
nervous waste in your body, and
you know that sooner or, later it
will show in your face.
It is the — nervous
debility — slowly takes
from under you the very foun-
dation of your nerve power — of
your manhood. Destroy it —
cleanse your system of its pres-
ence. .You can do this" with
electricity.
Electricity is the life of 'the
nerves. When the nerves are
filled with it there is.no chance
for disease to exist. If you will
charge your nerves with elec-
tricity you can drive out forever
the serpent that is slowly de-
stroying your life.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
the ideal of all progressive
physicians for restoring wasted
manhood, has made thousands
of men happy. It has. reclaimed
their manhood and set a new
standard of manly vigor.
"I feel brighter, sleep better,
awake refreshed and know I am
going to get cured," is the report
of a patient who has used the
Belt two weeks.
You will feel the effect of the
electricity right ' away, and it
will infuse such confidence into
you that you will soon forget
your troubles.
Try it to-day. Anyway, get
the book "Three Classes of Men,"
which tells of so many men who
have been made happy. It is
sent sealed, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Falßc; Hotel. Office hours: 8 a. m. M '
8:30 P. h.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICE B AT:
I.OS ANGELES, CAI*. I PORTLAND, Oik,
I*o4 sou 111. Broadway. I 253 Washington street,
$5.25!
Plenty of Them !
.New Model, Single Barrel. \
Champion Guns
VACATION SALE.
Fishing Tackle, Bicycle Salts, Shoes, Sweaters,
Caps and Belts. Hunting, Camping, Outing and
. Sporting Goods. ..
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
E. T. ALLEN CO.,
416 MARKET ST., S. F.
'Phone Main 1013. Cable "Etallen.'*
S I fc«l wk^\ keep ft
p vjHH &F7 •'
R MONARCH ra
g lIOIARIH CYCLE HAXUFACTURttfI ,0)., |§
iS 3 and 5 Front St.", San Francisco. .*, -
\Q CHAS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market, Agt. .*,
|g C. F. SALOMONS ON A CO., Twelfth and Q
yi_ Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. . ; 8
lElf>^x^*xf3 ■ '■'•■• • • dxS*iccc|B
C/f PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD.
'--'inK all forms of Blood. Skin and Xervous Dig. :
oases of ii private nature. Over L"Oy oars' experience.
■ Book sent tre^. Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. - Sundays. 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address • •
p. BOSCOI! VeBirLTT, M. D M " '
26.: Kearny Street, San.FranclKo, Cal. *
iljiur Vni! bore ' Tnroat, Pimple*, Copper-^
-»nA"E TUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores MM
Ulcers in Mouth. Hair-Failing "Write COOK.Q
KHJIKDV CO., SOT Hu.onlc Temple^ \
9R<'Mc.'icro, * 111., for proofs of euros. Cupl-fcaj
tul, #3«M>,«00. Worst cases cared in lfiß
"^to OS day. 100-page book, free.' ■g|
£533338331 win ox compound
TANSY© PILLS
nniinhsrir a / 8a d9TTRF " Always reliable. T»k»
BOanDstltute. For sale by alldnieglsts. ?2.0C Send
•4c for Woman's Safeguard • Vfll Co V sp ft two
, Ca, 2M SOUTH EIGHTH ST I ILADiUPA?
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day $2
to f8 per week, $8 to 830 per month: tree baths:
hot and cold water every room; are crates la
every room; elevator runs all night.to arrange for the* formation of a path to
Auburn, Wheatland ana Miirysvllle. •
A club run has been called for Sunday over
the new path between this city and Elk Grove.
This path it, rapidly being extended to Stock
ton, and eventually this will be the best wheel
ing district of the State.".
Tb V, ra S k ? lay f ace between the Terminal
City Club of Stockton and the Capital City
Club of Sacramento has been slated for July 4
at Agricultural Park la this city
The greatest fad among riders at present is
early morning trips into the country, large
parties of bicyclist, of both sexes starting at
daybreak and, running out over the new paths
a distance of ten miles, returning to breakfast.
The teams which will compete in the Stockton
bluerock tournament left for that city to-day.
The Capital S l &* are represented by Al
Thomas 1- rank Newbert. Stewart Upson, Fred
•Voerk, frank Ruhstaller and Eddie Xicholaus,
and ii be » Spooubills by H. Stelllng, J. Fitz
gerald, A. Damm i J. Stiegler, Q. Chapman and
Russell Flint and W. Leman left for the Mc-
Cloud River to-day for a month's outing
among the trout, which are report.-d as tak
ing the fly well. Game warden Helms reports
feeing large numbers of youne ducks among
the tules. He says that tne old ducks to a great
extent nest in the hay fields and it is of frequent
occurrence that the birds are killed, while on
the nest, by the mowing machine; in one in
stance the blade cf a machine struck a duck as
she was rising from her nest and cut off both
lees, the bird flying away.
The Bluerock Cracks of Elk Grove have issued
a challenge to the Capital Citys to shoot a
match on the 7th of June, and the challenge
has been accepted. The former will meet the
. riorin team on Sunday. Kutherford.
Santa Rosa Notes.
PAN'TA ROSA, Cal., May 29.— The Santa Rosa
Wheelmen flourish like a green baytree. There
are now eighty members in the club, with
many applications on file for membership.
They have a cozy clubhouse on Cherry street,
containing billiard-room, library, reading
room and, in fact, all of the comforts of home.
On Sunday, the 31bt of May, about twenty
five of the wheelmen will take a run to Aqua
Caliente Hot Springs. They will * tart about 8
a. m. en the- 19-mile spin and after enjoying
the bathing and a good dinner at the Apua
Calleme Motel will "follow my leader" home.
Trout nshing in the many fine creeks lv
this vicinity is at its best now.
W. F. Cowen and Campbell KirkpatHck of
this city fished Sonoma Creek one day this
week, J'hey report muddy water between
Los Galileos and Glen Kllen, caused by a
branch stream from a hog ranch which Is lo
cated near 11. c Glflnella ranch. They whipped
the stream In vain le:ow "Ho* Creek," but
caught more than 100 fair-Mzed risb above
that joint. Mr. Cowen proudly exhibited one
beauty seventeen inches in length an-1 weigh
ing nearly two pounds, which he claims to be
the prize fish 01 lie season.
The warm weainer oi the past few days has
greatly improved the streams, and good fish
ing may be nad in a dozen streams within a
radius of five miles of this city. J. Moore.
Visalia News.
VISALIA, Cal., May 29.— 1t is only a matter
of time until the "blue and gold" of Visalia's
amateur athletic club of 150 true sportsmen
Will be seen in all Stnte tournament.-,.
Messrs. Fox, Rice, Wood, Shiel, Gflmer, Mc-
Veagh, Downing, Animate and Guy Lovelace
have been entered for \ the inanimate State
shoot at Stockton. »
Messrs. Ed Myers. Will Bell and Nate|Baker
are entered for the annual ten-mile handicap
bicycle race at Fresno May 13.
Our wheelmen will be well represented in
the Bakersrieid races July 3,4 and 5. -
Our ball team has beeh somewnat sluggish,
but after last Sunday's victory over Hauiord it
is different. Lindsay's nine* will be met next
Sunday.
The wrestlers, Edwards and Ray, are in fine
condition for Saturday's bout.
A lot 01 black bass and pickerel from the
tast have just been planted. At present the
ireams are too high for good fishing.
_^ Carbolu
ALUMNI OF SANTA CLARA.
They Meet at Their Annual
Banquet in the Palace •
Hotel.
Many Prominent Men Who Were Boys
Together Do Honor to Their
Alma Miter.
Thursday evening the alumni of Santa
Clara College held their annual reunion
and banquet in tbe conservatory of the
.Palace Hotel.
The rooms bad been tastefully decorated
for the occasion and the arched glass
dome was lit up by numerous incandes
cent lamps, while the tables were bright
ened by a profusion of flowers. An
orchestra was stationed in an adjoining
room and discoursed selections during the
dinner and between toasts.
Many graduates had gathered from the
. interior of the State, while nearly all the
resident members lent their presence to
the occasion. The menu was as follows:
Oysters on the shell; Cresta Blanca: Mtick
Turtle, with Amontillado; Assorted Side
Dishes; Striped Bass, Normandy style; New
Potatoes, Persillado; Fillet of Beef, Poca
hontas; Sweelbreßds in cas-?, with, mush- j
rooms; Anisette Lnnch: Kvcreit Ranch
• laret; Roast Spring Chicken, giblet sauce; i
JUnuaine Salad; New Pea.*-; Icecream; Bis
rult Glftce: Assorted Fancy Cakes; I>essert;
Coffee; Fruit.
The following programme of speeches
and toasts was rendered:
Opening remarks by the president of the
Alumni society, Lewis F. Byington.
"Tne Faculty,' Rev. J. W. Riordan, 8. J.
"Education," James F. Smith.
"Our Country," E. B. Martinelli.
"Civil and Religious Liberty," Hon. J. F.
fcullivan.
"The Judiciary," Hon. H. 8. Foote.
"The Old Guard " John M. Burnett.
"Our State," J. ;. Barrett.
"Our Younger Members," John O'Gara.
"The Alumni," Dr. J. F. McCone.
Among the others present were: T.I.
Bergin, Jarhes V. Ooffey, James R. Kelly,
A. H. Loughborousih, Rev. Mr. Bhallo, 0.
J.; George A. Sfdgeley, J. D. Harvey,
Samuel Hawkins, P. J. Thomas. A. D. Spli
vajo, J. F. Civagnaro, Hey. Joseph Byrne,
Key. J. McQuaid, \V. F. Humphrey, C. T.
Kyland Jr., Dr. F. R. Orella, H. E.
Farmer, Dr. 0L E. Jones, J. Thomas Fer
guson, Fred E. Farmer Jr., F. W. Sargent,
T. A. Breen, C. J. Welch, Bryan \V.
Clinch, A. R. Bernard.
Santa Clara College is one of the oldest
educational institutions in the State, hav
ing been chartered as a college in 1855, and
among those who have taken degrees
therein are: Thomas 1. Bergin, Hon. B.
D. Murphy, John M. Burnett, D. M. Del
mas, Hon. Stephen M. White, Hon. R. F.
Del Yalie, Dr. James 1. Stanton, R. P.
Keating.
The college will hold it 3 annual com
mencement exercises next Monday and
Tuesday.
CAMPAIGN ORGANIZATION.
The Women Getting Heady to Fight for
Their Political Bights.
The campaign committee of the
Women's Bights Convention held a meet
ing at 1630 Folsom street, the residence of
Mrs. A. A. Sereeant, yesterday, for the
purpose of laying out a line of active work
for its members in the coming campaign.
Mrs. Sargent, who is chairman of the
campaign committee, presided at the
meeting, and Mrs. Emma Sweet, in the
absence of Mrs. Cooper, the recular secre
tary, acted as secretary pro tern.
livery phase of the. political situation
was ably and intelligently discussed.
Every avenue of defense will be guarded
against failure in securing from those who
may be opposed to th< m in winning
enough votes to elect members to the next
Legislature who wiJl favor the eleventh
amendment to '.he constitution which will
grunt them suffrage.
The entire state will be subdivided, and
with suitable sub-committees to take
charge in each section an earnest women's
campaign may be looked for.
It Wai a Tight Fit.
Maybella Gibson of 224 a McAllister street
yesterday obtained a warrant for the arrest of
Felix Wiener, a racehorse man. She said that
come time ago Wiener, while at her abode,
placed on vis finger her valuable diamond
ring. It was such a tight fit that Wiener conld
not remove it, but promised to return the ring
as soon as he could get a jeweler to file it off.
The owner has not been the man nor the ring
•ioce.
THREE FAVORITES FIRST,
The Spreckels Colors Flashed in
Front on Three Different
Occasions.
Laura Burt a Very Promising Filly.
Horatio Headed Out the Fav
orite Scarborough.
The hailstorm and rain of the night pre
vious left no noticeable effect on the course
at Ingleside, the time made by the gallop
ers in the different events yesterday being
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Eighty-sixth day. Friday. May 39, i 896. Weather tint.
•Track fast.
1 >)/•>_) i-ii.a-i HACK— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; allowances; purse $400.
inJex. Horse, age, weight. j St. | V* V» % • btr. j Fin. \ Jockeys. op."""*"!.
1258 Reyd Bandidos.3,100 4 j 6Vt 54 2h 12 I 14 PlgROtt... 2-5 2-5
(1239) Jack Richelieu, a.114 2 4h 4 Vi 63 22 Be Martin.. 5 7
(1240) Morven, 5 Ill 1 11 1& 8 h 63 3 ns Snider. j 8 , 7-
135 -Nabopolassar. 3.. 91 1 3 2 i* '* Vi 4 1 Sh * ns Ward.... : 30 62
1249 Model, 4 107 6 33 31 In l^ 61 Borernan- 10 10
J122 Orbit, 6 . 106 7 7 .62 6 3 68 6 20 McClatn... .BO 105
1252 JoeHUI. a Ill 1 6 52 7 7 I 7 I 7 i*mith GO 30 0
_ . , -_ — — — — _^— — _. — —^—^_^—— — __— __ y
startinc-gate used. Won easily. Winner. Lone stable's ch. c., by imp. True Brlton-Kmnia Collier
Time, 1:43. ■ ■"
in«i . SfcCOSD BACiS — Four and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; allowances; purs« Slot).
index. I Horse, weight. j St. 1/4 % | »/i Str. j Fin. Jockeys. Op!. etUn cL
12f.7 Laura Burt 115 ~T 14 IS 12 14. Plffgott... ....... 2 11-5
119B Uua-.trell 113 5 41 31 32 22 It aucbamp..... 4 2
1212 l.ad v iiurst.......ll5 2 21. 21 2 1,4 33 Shields ,1 15
1174 Halaey 118 3 3 V% 414 4 Va 42 H. Martin 4 7
1150 InHammator 118 6 68 66 51 63 Coady 6 10
la23 lor;ois> 118 4 by* V* «6 6 llozeman 4 9-2
1245 Dr. Martin -113 7 7 7 7 7 jWilliamg 20 60
start ins:- ale used. Won easily. Winner, A. B. bprcckels' br. I., by imp. Hallowmaj-Zuleika
Time. 15534. ■ ».- -■; - .
1 : )(*7\ THIRD BACK— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; conditions-- purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight I St. Vi Vi Si 6t «"- j *"ln. Jockeys. Op.*" 1^*!.
1178 Lucille, 3 95 ~3~ \y» In In 11 Plgsott 2 8-5
1140 Tennessee Maid, 3 97 2 3 V, 24 23 24 Rowan 4 10
1186 !A1 ahabad,4 109 6 62 42 33 38 Fell 4 13-5
1227 Imp. Kiidvra;on,3 97 1 73 6n 54 48 Frawley 8 12
1235 MollieBawn, 3... 95 5 21 31 4 v, 64 Carberry 30 60
1207 Kodearap,4.. 109 8 H 8 6 Vi 61 Bercen.... 8 6
1246 ! Severe, 3. 96 7 6h 71 8 74 H.Webb. 6 10
1024 Alplne.5 Ill 4 42 61 72 8' Williams SO 50
Start In--' -gate used. Won cleverly. Winner, A. B. Spreckels* b. I., by St. Bavtour-Sardony.
Time. 1:161.4. _*
1 *)('Ui FOURTH RACE- furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age. weight. bu Vi I Va a A \ 8tr. Fin. j Jockeys. op. etUn ci
1234 Walter J. 3 100 1 11 11 31 1 84 II. Brown 5-2 16-5
1254 <;oid Ku«, a Ill 3 3 1 8 1 1% 2 % Williams 12 15
1254 Tiberius, 3 97 6 2h 'I y» 2h 3 a McClaiu 6 10
1173 Joe Terr v, 3 100 ! 8 ....... 78 6 i/, 4 V a 4h H. Martin 2 7-5
1243 Seaside. 5 109 2 4h 4 v£ 51 51 Knlder. 10 25
1228 San Marco. 3. 100 7 61 61 6 2 6 3 i'lggoit 3 9 2
1246 Free Will, 3 97 4 5n 73 7h 7 1 JMippard 10 30
1219 Gov.Budd, 3...... 9 7 5 8 8 8 8 | Rowan 15 60
Startlne-Kate used. Won driving. Winner, F. AlcDermoit's b. c., by Imp. True BrUon-LIUIe S.
Time, 1:15 Vi-
"I c ~)li'7 FIFTH RACK— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; allowances: purse $400.
Ind. j Horse and weight. St. 14 j . Vi % j Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op!" ln CL
1229 ) orailo HO 1 2| '. 13 11 11 shiolds 2 9-5
1196 -Scarborough 118 1 2 y, 2% 22 K.-anchamp 7-5 7-5
I Bayard ......105 4 :..- 31 3 2 3.4 Piggott 6 8
Vincltor 108 3 42 42 44 Coady 6 10
769 D.J. Tobn 105 6 66 6 3 6« Parker 60 50 1
i Here's Luck 105 6 64 64 62 Sbepard 20 60
.... B<feW 1OH 7 76 74 76 Martin 8 8
LoranB. 105 8 8*8 Rowan 20 60
Starilne-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Bohemian stable's ch. c. by imp. MMloiiau-Luriliie.
Time, :49y 3 . ■
1\}li"7 SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; conditions; purse 1100. ' '\':^.
Betting.
Index. I Horse, weight. I St. m V* "A | 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
' 1175 Carnation 102 ! 3 2 2 2 2 1 h iPiggolt 2 9-5
(1149) Montgomery 104 6 lh lh 2 MA H. Martin 4 4
1*36 Montallade -107 4 4 Vi 82 .31 Bowman 5 10
1259 MlssCunalnghainl04 9 ,81 5 1 4 1 Coady .....12 20
(1232) Cadenza 102 7 » 5 •* 41 5 1 Snider 8 12
1142 Hazel D 102 11 -. 101 81 61 . 'McClaln. ....... 15 16
1215 Duchess .10'J 10 ........ 91 61, 7 Frawley 5 6
(1V59) SKalkaho 107,12 12 12 8 Fell 10 15
1178 Red Pike 104 1 7 1 ,.. 10 9 iBeauchamp 12 16
1259 Amy Lee 102 8 112 11 10 , Wiidermuth .. 60 100
1192 The sheriff 104 6 6 1^ 71 11 Carberrv 50 200
1259 Yucatan II 102 2 3 Vi 92 12 H.Wilson 25 100
1215 George C 104 13 13 ........ 13 13 Smith 50 400
Star.lne-sate used. Won driving. Winner, A. B. Spreclcels' eh. f., by Flambeau-imp. Amelia,
Time, 1 :08s,;. I
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Tay's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingieslde Track.
In races where tbe horses have no record »t the distance to be run tue records at the next Dearest
distance are given.
Aobrevlations— F., fast; Fa., fair: 11., heavy; m., mtle; f., furlong: *, about.
iJKST BACE— Half mile; two-year-olds.
' Best
Index.! Name. Lbs record. Dlst. • Lbs Tk. 1 Owner. Pedigree.
1257 ; santa Pania... 110 .., C. I. Thacker. iSante Fe-Dottle Dimple
1257 Granrtezla. 103 : ......; | J. Walsh Ben Ali-lJu he« Kendall
1257 Widow Jones... 110 /» ,D.J. Tobln si ti<ire*-Matue Ball
12f>7 Vanish 103; J. Bobbins King Tromas-imp. Victress
1'.'57 ! Rose Magenta.. 1 103' J. Carl In ' 1 p. Marl Her- Kosa Bella filly
1260 Miss Buckman. 103 A. B. Spreckels..... Palvator-Dellrht
1216 Destra 103 .... ... Pueblo stable Flambeau sallle O
1229 Gertrude 103 W. Miller Prince Norfolk-Lilly Combs
1257 Insta'latrlx 1 103 Elmwood stlc farm Imp. Brutus-installation
SECOND RACE— One mile: selling.
- -_ ! Best . ~" '
I Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1214 iTrappean '■ 91 R. E. Downing Inverness- La Trnppe
1262 ! San Luis Key... 108 Pler.aanton etabre.. 'Kmp. Norfolk -M.McC.'s Lst
1210 Vlshun :.. 107 t J. 8t«ll Sir Dixon-Vlrgie D
1262 Road Runner... 'ill l:18Vi 6f 113 H.. 'Antrim stable Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
1247 iMollie It 102 1:08y 2 5% f 102 F... J. Robbing Wariner-Cantenac
1262 Arno 104 1:021,4 Si 109 P... Murphy & Butler.. Cyclone-Wan
1262 Polarkl 108 1:15V* «f 103 F... Owens Bros. K apt. Al-Gold Cup
1254. Daylight 911:18V* 6f 96 H. . J. *•. rirown & Co.. IColoraa-Lanra D
1134 LeonviJle. 108 1:423,4 lm 107 F_. I Atkins & Lottndge.|l*onatus-Vileue -
1263 Orbit 108 I Lakeview stable.. ..lOneko-Flotllla
1238 Elmer F........ 108'l:15Vi 6f 104 P... Flood more stable.. Portland-Fantasia
1265 Allahabad 104 1:32% 7f 98: H.. W. D. Randall Hyder All- Florida
1250 Little Tough ... 108 1:08*4 6% f 101 F. . A. W. Lindsey Glen Elm-Unknown
1246 Sympb's Last.. 30« Austin A Co Fair Piay-Kymathetle
1262 Pecksniff... 108 J.M.Buckley Mr>Plckwlck-Henlopen
1219 | Oakley [ 107 1 1:41% 1 m 88 F... F.Pbllllpa | Sir Dlxon-Mlaa Annie
THIKD RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; selling.
_____ _ __ . ___ . . . _ __ , _.
| Best
Index. Name. - Lbs record. Dlst. LbsjTIC. Owner. Pedigree.
(1207) Daisy A 103 1:15% 6f 107 Fa. R. Htipe Little Alp-Kittle Dean
1252 Lucky D 102 E. J. a ppleby ....... Prince Norfolk-Kittle Lamb
(1237) Candor 100 1:18 6f 107 If... F. Phillips..... nRreDln-Mi«s Clay
1202 ' Sylvia...- 88; F. Brown- ' Wagner-Fabecla
1240 Myrtle H 88 1 :02i,i - 5 f 94 F... C. W. (.happen Torso-Lady Leinster
1228 Irma. i 100 1:11 6% f 104 H.. F. Brown Hi >aviour-Kila T
1232 Sen. .Mahoney.. 90 & Abrahams j Fellowctiarm-Olencola
650 It u ledge 90 W. •Wacdonourfh.... St (.'arlo-^s to Ruth Ryan
1221 GracleS 109 1:08 , 6% f 104 F... Musto « Ruyz ! Prince Norfolk-!, i rov Bell..
1261 Miss Gentry.... 103 1:08 b\' % I 105 F... \V. L stantield Chesapeake-Sunshine
1280 Easel........... 1:17 6f 99 H.. , Woodlawn stable .. Ben Ali-Ezza
1251 Banjo 105 l:16i>4 6f 111 Fa. Odell stable 1 Peregrine-Lady Foster
1240 Doubtful I 00 1:1534 6f 97 Fa. L. Kzell Doubt-yatchitoches
fOUMll RACE— Two miles: fllman stakes: 8 .hurdles.
.— — i — j Best I ! r "" ', ~~ "
Index. I ■ Name. Lbs' Record DJst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
- 1283 Bellrlnger....... 165 2:46i^| li^m 150 F... Cliff stable ! Troubador- Belle
1224 Mentor 1*9 4:00 - •- m 135 H. . F. Farrar.. ......... Faleette-Woodjirk '
1253 The Lark 189 3:22% ♦]%« 129 F... Pleasan ion stable .. Wildidle-by Monday
1176 ColWelghtman. 138 3:02 IVi m 126 H.. a. G. Blalcely....... Wanellow-I^sMie P
(* 176) Silverado 135 2:35 % 1% nj 125 F... E. Oorrigan ; Rutherford-Josie C
700 [Bedford 125 |.... |.... E. Corrlgan ...... LotiBfellow-X^unora Morris
FIFTH. RACE— Seven furlongs: handicap.
,*! \ j ■ ' I Best - ' ■ "~~ : ~~ :
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
3258 I AH Over :noi-29Va7* 110K..S.C Hlldreth...... Hanover-Deceit "~~~~
1241 Su Lee ICO 1:41 1 m 105 F.. S. C. Hildreth St. neorge-I^vee
1.56 Cabrillo 110 l:4»-i/J 1 IJSm 108 F.. R. Van Brunt St. Saviour-Lizzie Hamnton
, (1175) Olive.... 106 1:28iA7f- 102 F.. A. B. Spreckels.... Ararhe-Vlrgle ™ P
12&6 Ncbuchadnezar 101 l:4iy a 1 m 94 F.. Klmwood stck farm Hrmiis-Uvp^tie
1180 Catch 'Km 97 1:11 S'/a 1 . 112 H.. Mokelumne stck fui illdlotWan-I.luie Flush
: , 1262 i Duke Stevens.. 1 95 1:16 b" 1 112 F..|D. Appleby |Duke of Norfolk-Edna K
SIXTH B ACE-One mile : selUng.
_— — ■ : - Beit ; — j : ~ — ■ ' ■ ta "" ■
Index. • Kame. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
; 1239 JDonCwsar 107 1:51% U-ISm US Fa. Kim wood tk farm Brutas-Bessle " ~~
." 1227 May Day........ Ill 1:41% 1 m 104 t .. A. P. Miller John A-Lowena R
'(1250) Big Chief. ...... 88 1:16 6 f 99 F.. Niagara stable Apache- Flor*
(1238) Arilcus ......... Ill 1:44 lm 114 Fa. P. Archibald........ Argvie-Olenloch
(1244) Warra«... 106 1:14% ti r 99 F .Garden City stable. Wafwick-Fedalma
1247 .Bennam ...... l:l»Va ? 100 F.. C.Dougherty....... Klambeau-Gerbardlne
1249 Circe............. 102 1:09V* 107 I-.. Lon*> stable.... Friar Tick-Jessi* R
123.4 I Little Cripple... 108 1:86 1V» m 102 F.. J. Weber PlrPenzance-Lady Stanhope
; 1227 Miss Ruth...... 102 1:42% lm 94 K.. A.H.Martin .:.... Sobrante-Ruth u ' OVBnno
1256 Wawona 108 l:43ji 1 m 106 Fa. Mokelumne stk fm Sir Mod red-Typhoon
1268 Flirtllia ....... 102 1:38V* 7f 106 11.. O. Appleby......... Peel-Fanstlne
(1262) All Smoke...... 102 1:43% 1 m 110 Fa. L. Stephen* Hllk Gown-Ordnance ■
.1239 Long Lady...... 86;l:42»/*lm 98 F .. J. C Humphrey.... Major Ban-Dec Duck
1253 Huntsman;.:;.. 108 : 1:44% 1 m . 116 Fa. P. Hertog. ......... Prince -Norfoik-Haldee
SEVENTH. RACE— Eleve&-glxteenths Of a mile: selling. . '.'.; ■"-<': •■■% ~~ ~~ "
•. . . T -.■-■-.-•'.- -. ■ . » . i -Best;. ■;■•.--•.- • .-. ~ i ~ ■:..-.- . ■■ ~~7~~ " ~ ' ~ — ''
Index. ) Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1241) I Chartreuse II.. 1031:27 7f . . 95 F... J. C. Humphrey.... Cheviot-imp. Zara
■1217 Belliccso.. ...... 123 1:09: 5% t 122 F... Pueblo stable..:.... j Peel-Imp. Jan.'fv
1256, j Yankee Doodle, i 103 1:1414 at 100 F_. i am bridge stable.. nee Roval-Manzanlt*
1261 iToano 109 1:14% 6f 106 F... : Wm. UloI)mbaugh.. 1 Li)nKfellow-halara
1170 Pi-ixotio........ 104 1:14V» 6f 93 F... J. J. co.ilter Brutus-by Kelnie
1222 Afflatus.. 1:16% 61 , 102 K... I W. D. Randall I uvernesv Affinity
1249 Mount Roy..... 105 1:01% 6f 106 F... Krause * Co.....;. Faustun-Mt. Ciir'Belle
,1248 Tim Murphy... 105 1:08% 5% I 1 110 JF...; White & Clarice.... |KvrieI>aljr-aii/gie li ■
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
quite up to the average. Friday, usually
considered an off day, saw a very fair-sized
crowd in attendance, and tbe betting was
good. Of the six events run off the first
choices gathered in three.
Horses owned by A. B. Spreckels, presi
dent of the Ingleside Association, dis
tinguished themselves by thrice proving
victorious in events in which they were
starters. All were piloted by Jockey Joe
Piirgott, who appears to be again riding in
something like his old-time form.
The defeat of Joe Terry, with H. Martin
in the saddle, was one of the hardest
knocks the talent received during the aft
ernoon's sport. The Burns & Waterhouse
entry was sentont a prime 7 to 5 choice for
the "fourth event at six furlongs, backed
down from twos, and while bis rider was
enjoying a smoke the barrier flew up in the
air and he was away from the post last.
With any sort of a ride he could hardly
have lost, for he made a great run, ending
upj^ close fourth. Walter J, these<ond
choice, with 16 to 5 about him, proved the
winner, taking the race in a drive by
three parts of a length from Gold Bug,
with Tiberius a close third.
The win of the big chestnut colt, Key
del Bamlidos. proved a very costly one for
the Lone siable. A2to 5 chance over the
ordinary lot opposed to him, he won as
he pleased and was bid up $800 over his
entered selling price of $700 by Tom
Boyle, owner of Jack Richeiieu, who fin
ished in the place. Show honors were
hotly contested, Morven, the second
choice. Mmlel and Nabopolasser finishing
heads or the wire in th»* order named.
The Spreckels entry, Laura Burt, opened
a 2 to 1 choice for tlie maiden four and a
half furlotig scramble for two-year-olds,
but such a strong play was made on Quan
trejl, cutting his odds from 4 to 2, that he
closed a slight, favorite over the lilly. In
iiaruniator was well supported for show
honors. When the barrier flew in the air
Laura Burt was quickest to get away, and
leading throughout won easily by three
lengths in :55J£. Quantrell took the place
handily from Lady Hurst.
Eight ordinary platers started in the
third event, a six furlong selling run.
Lucille, the Spreckels entry, had first call
in the betting at twos, with Allahabad
backed from fours to 13 to 5 almost as
heavily a backed second choice. The
favorite, away third, jumped into the lead
almost immediately, and although bard
pressed in the stretch by Tennessee Maid
won at the end cleverly by a length in
1:16 W. Allahabad finished in the show,
four lengths behind the Maid.
The second two-year-ola event was also
taken by the second choice. Scarborough
opened in the betting at 7 to 5, but from
the force of a heavy play on Horatio, the
second choice, receded to 8 to 5. Just
before post call, though, the coin went in
on the lirst choice, cutting his price to the
opening quotation again. Scarborough
was successful in getting away in tne lead,
but was passed by Horatio before thirty
yards had been covered, and, ridden out,
the Bohemian stable's representative beat
the favorite out a length, covering the four
furlongs in :49%.
The hnal race, a five and a half furlong
sprint, was notable as being the third
occasion during the day that the red,
white and blue colors of the Jockey Club's
president had flashed past the wire in
front. Sent into the starter's hands a 9 to 5
choice over the other twelve starters, Car
natioti challenged tbe Burns & Water
bouse entry, Montgomery, in the stretch,
and in a drive to the stand earned the
verdict by a head. B. 0L Holly's entry,
Montallade, well to the fore throughout
the running, was a good third.
TEACK ASD PADDOCK ITEMB.
The card at Ingleside to-day is one of
the best yet offered raceeoera to the new
track. The principal event of the day is
tbe Ullman handicap steeplechase, over
two miles, worth $1500 to the winning
horse, with all the crack jumpers com
peting. A handicap of seven furlongs
will also call out the best stake horses
quartered or. the track. Seven well-tilled
events are down for decision.
While being galloped before the third
race yesterday Mutineer ran away three
and a half miles with the exercise lad on
his back, and was excused by the judges.
PEOPLE WANT THE FUN,
General Warfield Declares That
the Carcival Meets With
Favor.
The Question of a Queen or King to
Be Elected Is Agitating the
Committee.
General Warrield, president of the San
Francisco Carnival, says he is growing
more enthusiastic over the promised festi
val. More than that, he has good reason
to be in such a frame of mind, for he ex
plains: "The people want the carnival.
"We are highly gratified over the man
ner in which it has been received by the
public," the general said, speaking for the
general committee. "Every meeting brings
out sixty or Beventy people. Last night
the room was crowded. From all sources
we are receiving encouragement. For my
own part I am convinced that the festival
will be a great success.
"We will have three more committees
to give out to the press to-morrow. In
all, so far, vre have decided on having
eighteen committees, each one to take
charge of a feature of the festival, or a
distinct department of the arrangements
and management. Our scheme of organ
ization is of such a character that there
can be no manipulation of the funds.
For instance, the finance committee will
have to malce a trial balance *neet daily,
and all collections and disbursements
must be presented to the general commit
tee. Then, too, the men who compose the
finance committee would not stoop to
anything not strictly business and proper.
"Four different places of amusement
have offered to give us the gross receipts
of one night's entertainment. This indi
cates the feeling toward tbe festival. We
can get $50,000, and once that sum is in tbe
treasury it will be easy to get $100,000 more.
"At last night's meeting we debated the
question of having a king and queen.
Some members thought we ought to have
a voting contest. No doubt $10,000 to
$20,000 could be secured in 10-cent votes,
but the trouble is this plan might be ob
jpctionable.to the fashionable society set.
This point is under consideration and the
committee wouid be glad to have sug
gestions regarding it.
•'The festival is just what our City needs.
Take a man with a store. If he stops ad
vertising bis business it will go behind. It
is the same thing with a city. If you stop
advertising a city it is sure to fall behind
like the individual."
Brought li mi to 'lime.
Kiail Nelson, a baker on Third street, was
arrested yesterday on complaint of Selma An
derson for betraying her confidence. The
man stated that he was willing to make re
paration for his acts and sent for Justice of the
Peace Groezinger. In a short time the couple
walked from the City Prison as husband and
wife.
NEW TO-DAY.
_^^ dire
Consumption
.^^■■i"' 1^ j and lung troubles
NEW YORK, May 16, 1896. '
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal AiTeC'
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin'
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that -to - increase .its usefulness . and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
• reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postorlice address.
: ■-•■•■; Always sincerely yours, ,
T. A.SLOCL'M.M.C., IS3 Pearl St., New York.
We publish tli<- Doctor's letter In fnll for the benefit of
- our rentiers. There will be no mistake In sending— th»
■ mistake -will be In overlooking the generous otter—
. COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 10!) and * 10'J ■ Fifth su, . }jaa
1' raticisco, Cal The most select family hotel la
the city. i Board anl room, *1, 91 25 and $1 60 pec
day, according to room. ' Meals 25a Kooiav sjj
' and 76c a day. I i'rc« coach to and from the noieL I
Look lor the coaeu bearing tha name of the Co*.
aopouiita UOlMi. - WAI. * Aiiii V. rropnctob
* -- - • '• ^ ' NEW to-dat:
s , : #
No physician in the United States is so thoroughly equipped
and well prepared to treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, whose offices are permanently located at 737
Market street, San Francisco.
' With a thorough literary and professional education and
with extensive experience in the practice of Nervous, Chronic
and Private Diseases of both sexes, he cures every curable case
in the catalogue of human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill and science of other
doctors. ■ His patients are among our most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including merchants, manufacturers,
mechanics, miners, farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted the skill of their
family physicians without obtaining relief. His name is a
sufficient guarantee of a perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
He treats, free of charge, the poor who call in person at his office
on Friday afternoons. Consult him, either in person or by
letter, this day. A confidential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden years to your life.
NERVOUS DEBILITY
Of every kind, name and nature treated far in advance of any institution in the country.
This distinguished doctor's success in cases of this character has been really phenomenal.
YOUNG MEN.
There are thousands of you troubled with night emissions, sleeplessness, pimples on
face, bashfulness, aversion to society, loss of energy, ambition and self-confidence, a tired,
discontented, despondent and gloomy feeling, failing of memory, confusion of ideas and so
forth. If you are suffering from these or . similar symptoms you know the reason. Whether
these exhausting drains and terrible troubles come from former folly or from other causes
they continually rob both your .body and brain and absolutely unfit you for study,
business or the proper enjoyment of either married or single life. Do not neglect yourself
or allow false pride and sham modesty to deter you in seeking relief. Many a bright and
naturally gifted young man, magnificently endowed with genius, has permitted his ailment
to run on and on until finally, with body wrecked and intellect gone, death claimed its
victim. Before it is everlastingly too late consult DOCTOR SWEANY, who thoroughly un-
derstands your trouble, and will treat it with unfailing success. Get cured and be a man
among men, and among women as well. - - • > ■.-.
MIDDLE=AGED AND OLD MEN.
Many of : you are afflicted with weak, aching backs and kidneys, frequent, painful ination
and sediment In urine, impotence or weakness of sexual organs and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay. Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal weakness. Injustice to DOCTOR SWEANY it
can be truthfully said that in all such cases of middle-aged men, as well as of young men, his
success has been almost Invariable. The most obstinate cases solicited, treated and cured.
- V« i ; j
PRIVATE
Diseases are more prevalent than generally supposed, and among them all none is more
horrible than Syphilis. Indeed, If not checked in time, it becomes almost as terrible in
secondary and .tertiary stages as leprosy itself. Many doctors suppress this terrible
disease by.filling their patients' systems with mercurial poison, with that damnable curse
from which your children as well as yourself will suffer, but DOCTOR SWEANY warrant
j a positive and permanent cure of Syphilis without injurious drugs. He also effects a speedy
cure In all cases of Gleet, Gonorrhoea, inflammations, pains, itchings, swellings and dis-
charges of every kind. Stricture, irritability of the bladder and kindred troubles, many ol
which are the result of improper treatment of former diseases by other physicians.
BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES
Of every description, embracing cancers, tumors, scrofula, syphilitic taints, humors and
•11 other impurities of the blood, causing eruptions and blemishes on the face and body, thor-
oughly eradicated, leaving the system In a pure, strong and healthful state.
RUPTURE.
This most distressing and dangerous ailment, common to both sexes, is cured by DOCTOR
SWEANY without trusses or salves in from two to eight weeks. He has a new, safe, successful
and painless treatment, which is known to no other physician in the West, and which causes
the rupture to heal as a broken bone unites; also Piles, Fistula, Varicocele, Hydrocele and
similar troubles promptly cured without pain or detention from business.
STOMACH,
Liver,. Lune, Chest, Throat, Bladder, Heart and Kidney Indigestion, Dyspepsia,
Asthma, Catarrh and all other diseases of the respiratory organs cured in the shortest pos-
sible ; time also consumption when the destruction of the tissue is not too great, by com-
bining bis own with the latest approved antiseptic methods.
3Ls-A.3DIE]S 7
If you are suffering from any of the distressing ailments peculiar to your sex, such as
persistent , headaches, " painful menstruation, leucorrhcea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, etc., you should not give up in despair because you have met with
repeated " disappointments In seeking relief. DOCTOR SWEANY. has cured hundreds of
cases after other : eminent physicians have pronounced them hopeless. If such diseases
were indeed incurable life would not be worth its possession to a large number oi American
women., ■
HOME TREATMENT.
'; I Write your troubles if living away from the city and unable to call. Thousands cared at
home and in all parts of the country by correspondence and by medicines sent secure from
observation. Book entitled' 'GUIDE TO HEALTH" Bent free to those describing their troubles, i
f.l.sWeany,m.d.,
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
' ' OPPOSITE EXAMLNEK OSTICJS*. '"'
RAILROAD TRAVEL. *
SOUTUEBN . PACIFIC COMPAST.
. (PACIFIC IIRBL)
Ti-mliiw leave mill »■« iluo to arrive at
MAN FRAHCINt'O.
leave - From May 3. 1806 l — . Anmv
"*£ : A Niioa, San Joss and Way Stations . . . Bi43a
- 7:OOa Atlantic Kxiirew, Og'lcli and Hast.. 8:13f
. 7:O«a Benicla, Vacavllie, ltumscy. Sacra-
• ■ monto, and It .Hiding via Davis . . . ' 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez. San Ilamon, Napa, Calls-
toga aud Santa Rosa 6:18?
S:3oa Ailes, .Sau Jose, Ktnokton. lone, -
Sacramento, Maryavillo. Ue.l Bluff
- ami Sundays Oiovillc... 4:15p
•8:30 v Peters uu<l Mil ton »7:15p
9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa ■-
Barbara and los Angeles <i»43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1«-1."V\
O:OOAVaUejo 6:15p
l:OOr Nilcs, Ban joso ar.d LlTCnnore 13a
•1:OOi> Sacrimsnto River Stenmrrft *l»:OOp
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
4:001' Martinez, San Uaiiion. Vtillejo.
Napa, Calistoga, lA Vetauo and
.Santa Rosa 9: 1.1 a
4:««r Bcnicia, Vacnvllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing. Maryßviile, "
Oroville and Sacramento 10:48 a
4:SOr Nilcs, San ; Joso, Livcrmore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:20p Mcrce.l, Berenda, II ymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 1 1:40 a
sto*p Now Orleans ■:.Vrf > Riio.Eakera- .
field. Santa Barlmift,T<<M Angeles,
.' , .: Deming, El Paso, New Oilcans and
-~ East 10j1.1a
SiOOP Hunt* l'o Itoiite. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave ami East IS:l5a
s:eOpVallejo ..." V... 11:45 a
6:OOi> European Mail, Ogden and iJwt,.... 0:15 a
C:(Kti" HayivarJd, Nih'S and Han Jose 7:45 a
}7:<H>i' Vallejo «...-. 17:43*
7toop Urofiou lCxpreBS,Sacraniento, Mac's-
.■•-■. , ville, • ltetlding, . Portland, Paget
Sound and Mast 10:4.1 a
™" SANTA <:lU'/ DIVI-.ION iSarrowr Oauge).
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Kanta Cruz
and Principal V,"ay Stations JB:osp
Sil3a Newark, Ce.iitervillc,KuM.lo»e.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations :.... 8:5»F
•2:13? Newark, Ccnterville, San Jose, Nevr
Almadcn, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Hanta Cruz and Principal Way
Station* «llt2BA
4tlsp Xewar';. San Jose and I.os Ca10w.... 9:s<a
(QAM IUVINION (Hi & Tonnscnil Mk.)
*G:4sa Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) # l:48r
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jos?,
B>.:it.i Cruz, Pacifio Grove,, and
Principal Way Stations 18:3SP
1:13 a San Jose, Tres Pfnos, Hunt.i Cruz,
Pacific drove, Paso Rubles, Sau
Luis Obißpo, Guadalupo ami Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7:OW^
:9:47a Palo Alto and Way Station ni43r
I <>:!<» A San Jose and Way Stations .">:O«p
11:43 a Palo Alto and Wav Stations S:3op
*2;SOr S.iu Jose, Gilroy, Tres Vinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and Pacific
Grove Mo:4oa
*3:-top San Jose and Principal Way Stations 87a
*4:80p San Jose and Way Stations *H:OOa
8:30p San Jose and Way Stations - *.H:IHa.
O::tOi> San Jose and Way Stations «i-.:t."»A
f11:45p San .lose and Way Stations.... t?:43p
' SAX liEA.V»HP AM' HVtiYAKUs LtM AL.
i»G:00A"l ( 7:13 a
8:OOa ' (9:43 a
,g;SBt Melrose, Seminary P.rk, i?J*»*
****** Fltchbnrs;s» B Ltandr«> "fj'gj
3:00r I am 4:45p
4:00p "" M ] O:lBp
f»:(»()r RtrmrlL (i:lsp
O:30p ,H»ytTWr«S. T:43p
7:00p » ,;-.* 8:45p
9: O Op i Runs through to Nflea. loisop
ttll:lspj tFromNiles. I. tt!2:Cop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. •
From SAN FRiKCISCO — of Market Street (SUp £)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:03 . 16:00 •6:00 p.m.
from O&KUHD— or Broidway.— *6:00 8:00
10.-00A.it. »2:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 }1:CO
«S:OJp.M. ■ " ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays ezcepted. \ Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
■ft Monday. Thursday aLd Saturday nlehts only.
SANFRASCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry-Foot of Market St. ,
• San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 A.M.: 12-35.
3:80, 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thnrs'lays-Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1-53
and 11:30 p. x. -
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30 L
6:00,6:20 p.m. ■ -
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:Ii, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a si •
afl J : l5 3 p 4^ 5 au 1 d O t r:3sP.^ UrtiayS - EXtra ' tri^
6U 6^o V 6^25 ? P 3 M 9:<?= ' 11:1 ° *• lt: 1:40 ' 3:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. ' »»•»«»
San Fraucisco. |^jf*« San Francisco.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:4) am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm! 6:15 pjc
Fulton, " ""
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Tlealdsbtinc,
'■'' Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
I ! Pleta, ' : . '
7:50 am I Hopland & 10-10 am
»:30VMi 7:30 AM| Ukiah. 7:30 6:15 pn
7:30 am " 10:10 am
i 7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 p *i 6:15 pic
7:30 am! 7:3o am Sonoma- 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 5:00 and 6:05 pm| 6:15
! 1 Glen Ellen.
sigg;lJol{tMJ^a a topol.|loi 0 OAM;iO:10AJ
>'tiKf s connect at Santa Rosa for l>tßTic West
Bpriiißs; ai Geyservllle for Skausrs Springs: at
Uoverdale for the Geysers; atPietalor iliirhlaud
J-jinnßs. Kplseyville, Soda Bay «nd i^akeporf at
liopland for Lakeport and Bart Springs: at
ykiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Sprints, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe. Porno, Totter
\ alley, John Day's, Lierley's. Bncknell's, San-
hetlrln Heights, • Hull ville. Boonevllle. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bratjg, Westport. Usal, Willets. Cahto, Covelo,
Lay ton vllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red noed
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond s?an Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bundlaz.
H. C WHITING. R. x. BY AN, .
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aaent
Atlantic
\ Pacific
Trains leave from and arrive W^PS^AkfjsSJSu
»l Market-Street Ferry. ftK^^^JTPl
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chica;o
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars lot
Denver and St. Louis. ' '
The fot.u.ar s.u\TA Fi: ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY lor BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
Mew rails, new lies; no dust*, interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dlnins-roomi.
Ticket 01t1c0— (544, Market Street,
" Chronicle Building.
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, ( :omm< v ing March 29, 189&
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Ban Rafael — 7 :()0. •B^oo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: "1:15, 3:20, 4:15,
5:16. »b:00. ri:3S p. M. >
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Tsrln—
Gays and Saturdays at 11 :80 p. m. '
SUNDAYS.
Per Mill Valley and S&n Rafael— »B :oo, »9too,
j »10:00, 11:3Ja. m.;**l-J:Bj. »l:30, *'J:l5. •4:00,
! 6:45. 8:30 p.m. Exit* trip to BauialltoM
I. 11:00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. **12lS#
p.m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TBAIN3.
1 !45 p. m. weekdays— Cozadero and way station*
8:00 a. M. Sundays — lero and way stations.
• UK) a. m. Sunday «— Point Reyes ana way station
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
: Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio for tn«
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for disease* of the kidneys and blai-
oer. A great Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervina.
ceus on its own . Merita— no long-winded tesU*
menials necessary. >i*yiJ[ii*.Joli«i7i»tT
ooTj-if"^*' Ai^ F S Ss BRUHK, Agents,
883 Market St., ;S. .. .-(Send for 'Circular-!
■ • ■• ■•■.-■ ->• o ■ -
S? OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native drugr. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
■without its noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach i
no vomiting ; no costlvenesa ; no headache. All Drufntista,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
iIMSIAKV OF THE MARKETS.
Kilvpr a fraction off.
Bank Clearings pain 4.7% over 1895.
Wheat weak. Barley quiet. .
Oats strong and active. \ ■
Corn lending, downward.
. Rye «nd. Buckwheat dull.
New Wheat and Oat, Hay arrived.
Beans neglected.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
F.ggs weak and dull.
Poultry in ample supply.
Cherries firm. Berries higher.
Lemons advanced.
Fancy Pineapples In from MamanUlo. ■
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Hops and Wool as before.
Twelve Failures this week.
BANK. CLEARINGS.
Local bank rlparlngslast week were 11,573,293,
•gainst 11,497.160 for the same week In 1895.
For the month of May they were $55,009,730,
acalust $54.615.182 for May. 189.V For 1896 to
dale they nre $277.7f 7,605, against 9265.292,491
for the same period in 1895, showing a gain lor
this year of 4.7& ' •,>'
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
Tbe Bradstreet Mercantile Airency reports 12
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 29
for the previous week and 20 for the corresponding
week Of 1895. Tne failures for the past wees: are
dl video among tbe trades as follows: 1 dry goods.
1 clothing, 1 millinery, 1 poui try-raiser, 1 mantels
and tiles. 1 printing company, 2 liquors, 1 bakery.
1 grocery and liquors, 1 general store, 1 hardware.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flita with the wind. Tbe top figure*
•t station indicate maximum temperature for tbe
4ay B ; tho«e underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted srow in inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or 10! id
lines, connect rotnts O f equal air pressure; i«o>
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
»rord "bleb." means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather; '-low"
refers to "-w pressure, and is usually preceded
and act-OL p>in!ed by clouily weather and raioi.
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington
coa*t. Wh.n the pres-sure is high In the interioi
anil low alo.-g the coas:, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when ihe "1« w" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain so;ith of Oregon Is improb
able. With a -high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
VUI produce an opposite result-
WKATHER BUKKAU REPORT.
United States Dehatitm est of Asßrcci^
TUBE. W'EATHEB BUKKAI*, San' FRANCISCO, May
29, 1896, 5 p. *.— Weather coudi ions aud general
forecas'. :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared m i:h those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.60, last season 46.22; Re I Bluff 22. 33,
last reason 29.71: San Francisco 21. "5, last sea
son 25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San
Luis oblspo 17.70. las: season 26.07: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10: San Lilego 6-92, last sea
son 1'2.V0: Yuma .Hi, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58 ited Bluff 68. San Francisco 68.
Fresno 78, -an Luis 1 'bispo 74, Los Angeles 72,
San Diego 88, Yuma 93.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 52, mean 55.
To-nignt's map is in some respects one of the
! most remarkable main of the year. During the
past twenty-four hours there have been very rapid
. changes in the pressure distribution over the
country west of the 110 th meridian. The tem
perature changes during the' past twenty-four
hours have been equally rapid. An urea of low
pressure appeared off the coast of Northern Cali
fornia early this morning, and has moved north
ward and inland with at at speed. 'I Ins low area
is central to-nignt over Eastern Washington, and
will probably result in rain and thunderstorms
over the northern hMf of the 1': Citic Slope Satur
day. An area of hi?b pressure appears to be
moving in irom the ocean along the California
coast uud will probnbiv result In fair weather
throughout Central and Southern California Satur
day. A remarkably large number of thunder
storms have occurred in Northern California and
Nor: hern Neva-la. •
The temperature has fallen more than. 10 de
grees over the greater portion of the Pacific >lope.
In certain parts of Caiiiornii and in Nevada and
Utah the fall In temperature ranges from 20 to 30
degrees. The weather is about "20 degrees warmer
over Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana to
night than in any 01 the southern States or
. Territories excepting Arizona.
* Conditions are favorable for showery weather
to-night and early Saturday morning in Northern
California south 01 Red Bluff. Saturday will
probably be fair, the greater portion of the day
Forecast made hi San Francisco for thirty hours,
ending midnight, May :->O, 189ti.
Northern California— cloudy, with showers to
. night and early Saturday murning in northern
portion; southerly winds, changing to westerly.
southern California — Fair Saturday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Showers In northern portion Saturday.
Utah— Showers ; probably thunderstorms Satur
day.
Arizona— Fair Saturday/
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, to-night
and early Saturday morning: probably fair
*-a'urdny; southwesterly winds, becoming north
westerly. A^KXANDKB O. MCADIE,
Local forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 29.— There were no
traces of the weakness which characterized yester
day's stock market. In fact b| eculation through
ont presented quite a arm undertone. The change
lor the better was flue principally to the desire of
shorts to cover up their contracts over the double
■ holiday, thou-h Judge Wheeler's decision In the
Joint Traffic Association case Is beginning to be
b«uer understood t)y the street, and ihl« had quite
a little to do with covering. . Besides the enKaice
men's of gold for shipment to Europe to-morrow
fell below estimates, i.B 10 000 being engaged for
export. Against tins withdrawal a National city •
bank turned in 91,000,000 of the metal to the
Sub-Treasury In exchange for legal lenders.
■ A good deal has been said of late about heavy
shipments in case treasury officials should decide
to lower the premium on line gold burs. To-day
the local Assistant Treasurer issued notice to sell
bar at 18 premium, tut tnei« was no rush for bars
as anticipated. Now that the banks, rowever are
showing more disposition to turn In their gold and
' strengthen the Government less anxiety is felt
about the effect. The improvement in prices
ranged from 1/4 to 2% per cent and was well
distributed, tsugar was notably linn, brokers
connected with refining interests ti' > ing an the i
largest buyers. Rubber stocks -were heavy and
lower, the. common fallings to 21 and the pre
ferred 28/g to 80%. \:':t . '
It was rumored that there was fresh dissension
among the insiders, but the stories could not. be
continued. The common subsequently rallied 14
»nd the preferred 1 per cent. Toward the close
dealings In sugar assumed large proportions and
the whole list developed more animation, .specu
lation closed firmer in tone. Net changes show
eain.-, of Vt@l% percent In the general list and
2% Consolidated Gas. Total sales were 775
shares. .-..'- .
-rn^-ii? "I 1 *? live Bml strOQ X- Sales were »1,
-.705.000. Atchison fours rose 1 to 79Vk' do ad
justment fours. l%to 41%; Chicago and North
ern Pacific fives certificates, 1 to 45%; Big Four
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOak STOCKS.
W hhcL ,CX & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT s^, Tel. Main 1954.
BKANCH O> Mir;
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main CB2B
J. S. I'UKOY. Manager.
Orders iiißtantly t-xt-cuted on latesi market quo-
Utions. Reference Ist Natiuaal Bank S F
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NKW YORK.
general sixes, 1% to 127: Missouri, "Kansas and
Easter.i Uvi-s. 1 to 92; St Louis and San Fran
cisco consolidated fours, 1 to 24; Wisconsin Cen
tral fives certificates, 1 to 37%.
In Governm»nt bonds 35.000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%@1165/ ; $40,000 do registered
at 316%, and 9^oOU coupon fours 01 1907 at
Grain.
FLOUR— Easy, dull, weak; Winter wheat,
low grades, 91 70<p;2 B.V. do fair to fancy, 92 45@
3 55: do patents, S3 70@3 90: Minnesota clears,
92 45(is:s 05: do straits, - S3 '25«t3 65; do patents,
$3 4&<3>l 40; low extras, 91 70,0.2 85; city mills,
$4 06<r4 16; do patents, 94 25(tf|4 45: rye mixture,
92 50@3 50- superfine, 91 95(aj'J 20: tine, 91 70®
2 10. southern flour, dull, easy; common to fair
extra, 92 20(g,a 80; pood to choice. fa 80@3 10.
Rye flour quiet; steady; 92 4Oig,'2 80.
CORNMKAL-Quiet; yellow Western, 92 05
@2 10: Brandywtne, 92 15.
RYE-Nominal; No. 2 Western, 41%@4is / ic;
State, 45c,
BARLEY— Quiet.. Western. 39@41c.
BARLEY MALT -Quiet; Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; f. b.. 73»/4C to arrive;
ungraded red, 65®75c; No. 1 Northern. 67% c
Options were fairly active and closed weak at
%@%c decline, following the West, with longs
realizing and fine weather reported West. July
and September most active. No. 2 red, June, 65c;
July. 64*40: August,- 64%«: September, 64% c:
December, 6614 c.
CORN— Vi@%c lower; No. 2, 33% c, elevator;
34 l/ 2 c afloat.
Options were more- active and weak and closed
at i.4@V»c decline. . following the West and on
local realizing. September and July most active.
June, 83% c: July. 34i<ic: August, 34% c: teep
temterSsy»c: October. 36 %c.
OATS-Aotive: steady.
Options dull, weaker. July, 23c; No. 2 white,
June, 24% c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 23c; No. 2 white, 24%@25c;
No. 2 Chicago, 24c; No. 3. 22c; No. 3 white,
23 Vic: mixed Western. 24(0i26c; white do and
White State. 285.28 C
FEED BRAN-65@65e.
M I DDLIN US— 66(»7OC.
l;\k-F*ed.6sc.
• Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet, steady: family, 98 50@9; ex
tra mess, 96@7; beef hams, dull. *14 60;
tierced oeef, firmer; <ityiextra;india mess, *10 60
@11 50: cut meats, dull, weak; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4V @4«4c; do shoulders, 4i4@4y 2 c;
do Lams 9@9y s c.
LARD— lower; Western steam, #4 40@
4 45; city, f4@4 50: July. 84 52. Ketined. dull,
continent. 94 70; south American. *J> 20; com
pound, 4@4»' ei c.
PORK— More active, steady; old mess, 98©8 50;
new mess, $8 75@9 25. .
BUTTER— Moaerate demand, unchanged; state
dairy. S@lsc; do creamery. 11^15%c: do factory,
7(iilo l Elifias. l&y±c; imitation creamery, 10$
12c
CHEESE— Easy. state large, new 6%@7c; do
small, new. 4(a.7i.4c; part skims, new, 4@4%c;
full skims, I%@2cT
BOGB— fair demand; State and Penn
sylvania, 12@12%c: Western fresh, ll@l2c
TALLOW— city, 3%c; country, S@3Vs c -
COTTONSEED Oll^-Dull, steady, in. changed;
crude, 21c: yellow prime, i;4c; do off grades, . 24c.
i RESIN— DuII, steady; strained, common to
good, 91 80(41 86.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady: 2e@26V 3 c.
POTATOES— Easy, unchanged.
RlCJfc,— steady, uuchanKK'i; Domestic, fair to
extra, 3^5%c; Japan, 4(al' t c.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet, uncnan,'ed: New
Orleans open Kettle, pood to choice, 27®3Vc
COFFEE— Firm, unchanged: May, 40 points
down: others unchanged to 10 points down; June.
*11 75; July. $11 40: August, $10 ho; Septem
ber, 10 60: October, 10 20; DecemDer, 910 15;
May. S9 90. Spot Rio, dull, nominal; No. 7, 1314.
SUGAR— Raw. easier, quiet; refined, quiet,
steady, unchanged: fair refining more active.
3S/ B ci?tb: centrifugals. 96 test. 4c %i Ib: refined,
dull, stealy, unchanged; oil a, 4 11-16(44 %c ft
Ib: mold A, 6%c; standard A, 514 c: confection
ers' A, 6y 8 c; cut loaf, 6%c; crunhed, 57 c;
powdered, o 9-16 C; granulated, 6V4C; cubes,
6%c .'<-;.. r
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— '.'
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%@loc
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ft tt>, 6%@Bc; do peeled,
ISAISe.
PRUNES— Four sizes. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose Muscatel, 3@3i.4c:
do three-crowu, 4@4%c: do four-crown, 4%Ctsc;
do London layers, 9Oc(<v»l.
HOPS-Quiet; steady; State common and choice,
2%@Bc: Pacific Coast. '2V i »«2%c.
WOOL— Steady; domestic tleece, 15©21 c; palled.
16@33c; Texas, 7@12& '
BlerchsndUe.
PIO IRON — Moderate demand; American.
#10 76,ai3. :. .' ...
COPPER-Qulet: lake, 911 4O@ll 75.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. 93 02. 1
TIN -Steady: siralta. $13 60@13 60.
PLATES— Moderately active.
SPELTER— FIat: domestic. 94.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Im., May 29.— wheat market
assumed a holiday aspect to-day, moving very lit
tle either way and showing no feature either in the
trade or situation. A report that harvesting was
started in Southern Kansas and that the wheat
was showing even better than expected had a
sentimental effect on the market early, but later
prices revived on moderate covering by shorts.
The action of prices was irregular and was gov
erned by the preponderance of buying or selling to
clean up for the week and the month, without par
ticular reference to statistical items.
Receipts to-day were 14 cars for Chicago and 377
In the Northwest. The latier section had i'9s cars
a week ago and 400 cars for two davg a year ago.
Local inspections from store were 69,050 bushels
Liverpool cables were firm and V*d higher A
break af IVic in May wheat at New York caused
weakness in this market at one time during the
session, but 'It was not permanent. Closing con
tinental cables were Irregular. Export clearances
amounted to 168,913 bushels. July wheat opened
from 58% cto 58% c. declined to 57% c, where It
cloied, %c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for Monday 20 cars.
CORN— Slowness was the main characteristic of
the corn trade. The tardy and indifferent nature
of the Meal Ings was naturally incident to the last
tradln^ay of the week ana to the advent of the
holiday. Prices were hard or soft, as the feeling of
I wheat altered. Receipts were 611 cars and 125 080
! bushels were withdrawn from store. Liverpool
! cables were i/id higher. Export clearances were
i light at 12,770 bushels. July corn opened at 28V«c
declined to 27 %@2«c, where it closed, s/ c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday 8"2
I cars. • ■ , ■
j OATS— Business In Oats did not vary materially
from what it has been. Shorts cover some and
the holders liquidated, bnt the outside held aloof
The tone averaeeti fairly steady. Receipts were
301 car*, and 45,259 bushels were withdrawn from
sior<\ Export clearances at New York amounted
to 3750 bushels. July Oats closed Vfc@Vic under
yes erday. Estimated receipts tor Monday 369
cars.
FLAX— easy. Cash, 83c; May, 81c- July.
! 81% c: September. 83%®84c Rece'ipis, 21 cars.
| • PKOVISIO>S— On a slight betterment in the
»hog market product improved a little this morn
ing, but prices were far from being strong. Toe
buying which caused the advance was mainly of
I provisions already sold and the effect was not sub
i stantial. Later all support was withdrawn and
, declines in all articles took place. Stocks of
product, in Chicago on June l.as estimated by
Georse W. Phillips Jr., will be: Pork, old and new
148,000 barrels; lard, 210,000 tierces: ribs, 46
-| 000,000 pounds. July pork closed 22% c lower
! July lard, 10c lower, and July ribs. 10@l'2iAc
lower. ** 7a
GUTTER— The butter market was firm to-day
and a .goo! business was transacted. Receipts
were moderate and the demand good. Prices
were unchanged. Creameries— Extras, 15c: firsts.
14<5)14i,4c: seconds. 10@13c: imitations, fancy!
ll®l3c. Dairies-Extras, 12%f413c; firsts. 10&
lie: seconds. 9c. Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts
B@gy 2 c: packing stock, 7c.
EGGS-Trade was good, and the firm feeling
continued to exist in the egg market. Receipts
were moderate. Fresh stock sold &c »%@lo%c •>
dozen. " v
MONEY— Was 6* on call and 6<s7X on time
loans. New York exchange sola at $1 premium.
• -.».,'„ Cloning Prioes.
WHEAT— May, 6714 c: July, 57% c; September,*
58-VBC
CORN— May. 27c; July, 27%©28 c; Septem
ber, 29c.
OATS-May, 17Vic; July. 18c; September,'
18Vic. . . . :
PoRK— 7: September, 97 17%.
i-AhU- *4 22%; September, *4~37%.
Rlßb— July, *3 77%; September, 93 90.
. Livestock. .
■ UNION STOCKY A 11.1,. Mar 29.-L!t>
eral receipts of cattle and a slow demand resulted
in a decline of 6@loc in that market to-day, ilozs
were strong and. 5c higher. The supply was mod
erate; and a ready sale was found for all offerings.
Sheep were 10c higher. Offerings were good.
CATTLK - Receipts, 5600. Fancy beeves,
94 20(24 35; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 94fdi4 20: good to choice' steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. S3 7,V0,4 00: medium steers, 1000
qmi 6 1Ii*J!!1 l i*J!!. U<lS H6o(aH 60(a - 3 common to lair steers
950 10 1400 pounds. 83 35(<u3 55: choice Jeeders!
900 to 1200 pounds. 8:« @J 90; common to choice
aiocKen. M >-0&) i su: Dulls. choice ,to
I extra. *3 90<%3 26: bulls, poor to cnolc£«J 00®
£ 75; cows and heifers, extra, 9:1 B0(*l O'J- cows
« Vffvf? o^ * 2 . 4 °® 3 60: °° w * «>nTinon to ?aTr
91 Bag* 35; calves, -Rood, to choice. *4 60.<4
6 25: : calves, common to good. 93 25a4 70- Texas
I'"™, •««•'•. *'* BO@3 30: T-xas ' M Keen. S3 10
@i 95 : Texas cows ana bulls. 92 30@3 25- makers
ana springers, per head, 520@35. muicers
HOUS-Receipu, 25,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 93 10®3 35: common to choir«
mixed. S3 15(a.3 46; choice assorted. 93 6 0 «
3 £&-"&«• *3"©3 56: pIES - « 2 50©360. 6 *
..?li. El i^ "" Receipt*. 9000. Interior to choloe.
92 00 (e * 25; Jam 93 25*5 60. .. ™°*
CALIFORNIA FiIUIT SALKB.
CHICAGO, 111., May 29. -The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day
realizing prices as follows: - Black Tartarian
cherries, f 1 40@l 60; Blgarreau, 91 50: Black
Eagle, 91 40: Royal Anne, 51 40@i 45; Governor
Wood, 91 45; Seedling apricots, 91 70 per half
I crate: Pringie apricots, $1 50*1 70. Seven hun
drrd b.xts of cherries sold f- r $1063 gross
. Porter Bros Company sola a open auction to
day California fruit m the following pm-.-a-
Cherries -Tanwiana, 91 60@l 70; Centennial.
9155: , Ro ( sports. Belie t rownV; #150 Parole
Uuignes, $145; Black l'.epnb:icaus. t, 3:, i'on
tiac .■ 91 »0. Apneots - Pringles, bOc<<*sl 60.
Plums— Cherrr, 60c per 10 pound box.
NEW. YORK, K.V., May '.'9. -The' Earl Fruit
Company sold cherries from Sulsun, Cal. at open
auction to-day, realizing prices as follows: Black
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
Tartarian, $1 65@2 40: Governor Wood. »1 80®
1 85; Gros B'garreau, $1 75: Purple Ouizne. SI 55:
Belie d'Orleans. $1 65; May Duke. $1 60; Purity,
$1 60. About 100 boxes sold for $-.'OBO Bros*.
Porter Brothers Company sold at open auction
to-day California cherries at the following prices:
Tartarlans, «1 45@2 45; Governor Woods, *'J '25;
Rockports. jfi! 10: Blgarreus, $2 15; Eltons, $2 10;
Purities, $145. Seven hundred and thirty-nine
packages sold gross for $1393.: •
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRA^E.
NEW YORK,- X. V., May 29.— O. Dun A Co.
In their weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Failures for the week have been 239 in the United
States, against 216 last year, and 20 against 34 In
Canada last year. ' Continued exports of gold are
recognized as natural results of the borrowing and
importing early in the year, but caused no appre
hension. There is a general conviction that de
structive schemes will not succeed, although at
present political uncertainties cause part of the
business that might be done to be postponed until
the future is more clear. When the conventions
are over the field for doubt will be much narrower.
Markets for products are weak, rather than stag
nan ■ - • ..
The business done is small, but largely governed
by the belief in large crops and insufficient de
mand. Wheat has fallen 3 cents. Cotton has
fallen i/ 8 in spite of continued reports that famine
Is near. The market for goods Is lifeless, a reduc
tlo.i of indigo blue prints ' 2 io 4 cents, the lowest
of record, being the chief feature, | Wool Miles, ex
clusiveof it few speculative transactions based on
'extreme low prices, are less than 40 per cent of a
week's fair consumption.
Dress goods are quie; and dealings in men's
wear are still unsatisfactory.
I Boots and shoes shipments, 6 per cent larger
than last year, then the largest on record. Indi
cate that in some branches makers are catching
up 'with their orders, and many are discharging
cutters.- Yet many others have orders for months
ahead, and sales still run large for the season.
The iron and steel markets are weak, with lower
prices, because the demand for finished products
Is entirely inadequate, though prices of these are
high. Piglrqn has fallen over 5 per cent since
April 1, but the average of finished products are
advanced 3 percent.
Lower quotations for bessemer and gray forge
and local coke at Chicago, with stoppage of two
thirds of the furnaces in Virginia, some In
Pennsylvania and others in the Mahonlng and
Shenango - valleys, result from ability of manu
facturers to sell at prices which their combina
tions demand, bessemer billets being undersold
by open-hearth iron bars, by steel bars and nails
by new concerns which are rapidly putting in
machinery. Plates weakened, and there is no
improvement in sheets or rods, but beam-makers
have raised the price $2 per ton. making a slight
advance In the average of all • prices ■ for the
week. It is possible that rebuilding at St. Louis
may affect iron and steel markets extensively.
'1 !>•- minor metals are all a shade stronger.
llailioud earnings for May have been 2.7 per
cent larger than last year.
BANK RINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., May '.'9.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
May 28, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
■Percentage
CrriKS. Amount. Inc. Dec
New York f502.375.4J4 9.1 ......
Boston 86.531.659 16.6
Chicugo 82,887,781 2.H
Philadelphia 64.5tJ3.880 33.1
si. Louis. 18.357,789 1.0
Piltsbure. „ 16,904,210 28.0 ......
Cincinnati . 11,410.00 6.5 ......
Baltimore 13,779.514 23.4
San Francisco 11,815,. 16.8
Kansas City 9,3iU,R3:t 10.2
New Orleans.... 7,18^563 8.2
Louisville 4,601,146 3.1
Detroit 5.0!-9,t>54 3.0
Minneapolis « 426,016 6.7
Cleveland 6.4H0.173 . 32.0
Providence 4,427,400 lt».l
Milwaukee 4.063.052 23 8
mdlanaDoas 3,! HO,H7v 9.9
Buffalo 4,1£>3,550 25.8
St. Paul 4,486.1-21 *'-•.!
Omaha 4.'247.820 65.6
Denver 2,996.922 23.8 ......
Salt Lake . 1,407.993 32.0
Los Angeles ■ 1,002,508 8.2
Portland. Or 854,937 ■ 21.4
Tscoma 673,0*9.* 5.5
Seattle 694,611 81.1
Spokane... 421.068 33.6
Totals U. 8 $917,269,359 12.0
Outside Of New YorK
City 414,897,934 153
DOMINION' OK CANADA.
Totals $16,009,716 10.1
NEW aw.... oiOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at lVi@2';: last loan at 2%;
md closing offered at 2 - Prime mercantile
paper, 4 Va©s';. Bur silver, I.B Vie. Mexican dollars.
&3i/ 4 c. r- , mm; exchange is easier, with actual
busiuesi in Bankers' bills *t 91 B?Vz@> 7% for 60
Hays and *4 feßV^@4 88% for demand. Posted
rates, $4 bs@.~ b9Va Commercial bills, *4 Bt>%
@4 87V4* bovernmem bonds steady; Slate bond*
dv.l; railroad bonds higher, bUyer at the board
was easier.
CLOAIKQ STOCKS.
Am Tel £ Cable-.. 82* .\cnoin4 Wet-.... 1%
Atcnlson. 16 Preferred. .. 7^s
Preferred 23 .Northern Paotfla.. »£
Adams Kxpress.,.lso Preferred 15&5
Alton.TerreHaute. 56 Norm western. ..... 10 J''t
American Express.ll4 I Preferred. . 14sv»
American Tobacco. 66% N. Y. Central »da. s
Preferred P» ;N; N .Y. Chicago** & I'ii/T
EirKUttUaa '<I 9! • Ist preferred..... 7»
ifcltimore Ohla. IS »d 1 referred. ..... 31
fcrunswict Land*. *t N. "* . A N. H...._.175i*
Buffalo, Ilochitf. 18% N. "i. it New Ens. 45
Canada Pacific... li'-'^.N. V busq <& W.™ h:i:
Canada Southern.. s<>i. « Preferred... ..... ii.;.-.,
Cantos Land - 60 /8 Ontario. ...;.. 13 ,
Central Pad n0.... 14 Ontario & Western. 141/4
Cb**-«* Ohio. l*>Vi <. rvgon lmprovmt. 2.
Chicago Alton 157 v = Prererreu. —' •
Preferred. 170 Oregon Navigation, 14
Chicago. 15. A «.... 77. . Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicago &K. 111... 41 l&cilic Mali 26
Preferred. „ 9/ ' Peona, U.,t Evans. 2
Cbicagouas Pittsburgh W pM. 16
I lev* Pi iu bars;. 103 Follman Palace... 158
Consolidation Coat. .l-i. B t;o!ckeliver» _ 1
Consolidated Uaa..l.SH I Preferred. tm 14
C. CC. dtSU Loan. 3iVz i'.<-aoiiiK _, ioi
Preferred. &2 <RioUrande&Weua la
tola Fuel A lrou.. •-« I Preferred. M 40
Preferred »0 Bock Island 69%
Cotton oil Cert.... 12 |KomeWat&OKdenll4^
Commercial Cable. 150 bt. 1- A h. v» ...... 4 ,
DeL Hudson 124y a l Preferred. JO"*
Del.LM;k<fcWesternltiOV& f-i.Paoi 76,*
lienverJSlt. U-..;. 12%; Preferred. 127
PreterreO. 4." ■ i bi. Paul* DuluUx. 23
E1«111er»........_ 17% Preferred b&
(ieneral *Il«ctrlo... SI Ifct. Paul A Oman*. 92%
i-tte..;... ...... .~« It 1 Preferred. 124
Preferred 3 >'* tL P. M. A M. ....117 -
Fort Wayne IBS',, rsiiver Ceruncaios.. 68 'a |
real NortnernpM. 118 eouibern Pacino... m "
GieenHay.... i£ toutnern A. v...«. 91/4
Harlem....; '286 j Preferred. -'9V»
Hockln* Coal. 2/4 fcogar Kehnerr.... 12.1<{!
Hocking Valley... Ik . , Preferred......... 103%
Homesiake 82 Turn. Coal <* Iron, vitii.
11. it Texas Cent.. I Preferred .. 100
Illinois Central.... 92 Texas Paolfie 8
lowa Central.....^ BVs ToI.A.A.A N.Micn.—
Preierred......^. 32 ', a 1 01. A Ohio Cen~.. 32
Kansas Texas... 11V«. Preferred.... . 70
Preferred 25 • lol.bt.Louls A ■. . • '.
KlDKßton iE I'em,,, 3 i Preferred 5
UieKruiWww 18 Union Padflo. 7%
Preferred... ...... 71 I P_ Den. A Unit S
I ana store ....... l;fl L.a Corda**....,.. hn/. '
JLead... M 251,4 - PreJerred » 1014 ,
Preferred _ 88 1 -- ' Guaranteed...... Li 1 .,
l.Mselslana 79 |U. 8. Express. .._ 40
Louisville a Nasa. 48% V . b. Leather. ..„. a
Louisville Kid On. 9 Preferred......^. 84 V«
Preferred 19 U.B.Buober - 22%
Manhattan Coasoi. 103% Preferred. „ >■ IVa
Mempms<£-Chari& 15 UUca&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 9%! VVab. aL, A Pan.. rty.
Michigan Central.. £6V 3 Preferred ,M, M nil
JJlnn al, . |We»s-Far«0.....L 97*2
Preferred. __. Western Union.... fcs
AS inn. &hu Lcom. 18 Wls Central...... _ 1
■ Ist preferred.. .„ 7K Wheeling at L. it.. 9%
preferred 48 Va Preferred. 86
Miiisourl Pacifla.^ 21 7 Am Cotton OU pro. 544
MobUeA 0hi0...«- 20 W U Beef 7%
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ami Arbor ■
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred......... 24VA
J. Central 105 Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... 6V^ Erie 'id pfd. '20
CLOSING BON" t>4. • ' • ■
CP4i.re« 108 iM KTSdi..... .. 69
Do, 4s coupon... l -0 1 Do, 4,. ' ' Mii :
t" 4s new reg. ll(jy : ' Mutual Union' fls... 114
Do. 4s coupon... 16 1/., N J cent Gen 65. ..1 19-14
Jo- *• 94 V 3V 3 Northern Pao lsU.ll7i/4
Do. 6«. ll.si/ 4 Uo. 2ds 115 •
Da es coupon™.. 11 3W 1,0. 80s 70
Cberokee 4s. 189b. 11H. • * orth wesVconsoli! 138
Do. 1897- 100 I - X>o, dot) 6s«" 108
fo. 1898- 100 OKA N lsu.' .; " 1 101 A
w , Da 1899... .....100 EiL&JronMtOeasJ 79%
D.C.3-6 »•.;.....-. 109%! Paul Conson . .131
A )• Class A 4.. 107 |w. P. c. * PalsM 118
Do. Class 84, ss. 106 j Do, Pac Cal .«*. 1 1 1 1' 2
LaConsom. B9i/ 4 Fcuthern X R. On. 93»/ 8
Mlssonrl fundinc— ■ . Texas Pacinc ant* 90V4
X Carolina con 6«, 124 Texas Pa« second*. 21 yl
-■^°. *■;........... 102 UnlonPaolstor»alo3
to Carolina 4J^s. M 106 West Bhoro 4s. ... 10-i V*
a.ennnewas 8 | Mobile & Ohio ii.. 85%
Vn funding dew 61% R arano*West Ist* 76 '4
\>£ ™*. .......... — Chen A O 6«. »«>7Vi
, l'o.aererred 65... 6 Atdilßon 4s 76%
>'C trust rcDtsst 7 Da 2d» a. ...... 41^2
South 3<Js.. 104% OH 4 A to. 105
*" Pae lets or '95 102 Da 2d7s. 101
i^«4ROl« 11l •; HA Tex CtataiTilOH
»-„*• ~ I>o.eon 6s 102
*1«a<I« 64% Reading 4s 79Vi
Kansas Pa consols 73^'M.a^uxi ..•„,.. log *
*«i-»l,UDendivlllVi !
iOKIOIGN AIAKK£Tj.
WHIAT IK I/IVKRPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Ens.. May 29.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6-. 4d@ss6d. Cargoes dull and weak
at 27s sellers, prompt shipment. . ,
FDTUBICS.
The Produce Exchange ovble gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Wlater: May.
4 1 5 JU ' y ' S ' ld: AU «°' t ' 6'6 ' ld =
i- HKCUKITIIM.
irASfxP^iJP'fc May , 29 - Connor 11314,:
sliver. Jl 3-16J: French Rentes, 101f 80t.
KXCUANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange,' 60 days.- _ . «j «ii ..
sterlir-R Exchange, sight... _ ! *J hfill
Merlin* Caoles -.-...: ' _ !■,'« ■*
New Vdrk Exchange, sight. '.".".'." — i-i^
M .? rlc K i cll » 8«. telegraphic. - 10
* me Silver. V ounce _ fe ßv .
M«xican Dollars .............;..-. 64V4 ?! t4»>*
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AKD OTUKB GRAINS^
WHEAT— Is weak and dull at the decline. No.
1. $1 02%@i'0334; choice, 91 06 9.ctl: lower
grades. ?lig,i 05; extra choice for milling, $1 109
I 17% $ ctL ". . :.
CAT.L BOABD SAI.KS.
Informal Session- — 10 o'clock — December—
2600 tons. 97 %c. .
Kedpur .morvixo Sksbion— December— loo
tons.97%c; 400,98 c; 300, 98V%c.
aftkhnimjn SKHtiioN — December — 800 tons,
88V4C; 300. 98V»c
BARLEY— Previous prices rule. Feed, 71V4
@7'2i/3C: choice, 735/ic; Brewing, hlK^Bsc
CALL BOARI" tALKS. y"l
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Hegdub MoßNiifo Skssicn— May— loo tons,
77V4C • • •• .
_ aktkknook Session — December — 300 ton*,
71 Vie. May— 100. 76c. .
O..TH — Are firm and very active. Milling
are quotable at 82%@87%c ft ctl; fancy Feed,
»7%©9oc»ctl; good to choice. 82%@87%c;
common to »air, 76(q,80: Gray. 77%@85c; burprise,
82%c<gHjl ft ctl. •" ' -• •,
CORN— inactive with a downward tendency.
Large Yellow, 87iMuW)o ..ctl; Small Round do,
97% c: White. bo»Bsc'%» ; cil.
75@77Vic^cti.
BtCKWUKAi- 85<0»90c V otL • '
FLOUR AM> MIL.LSTUFPS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 8367 bbls.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
S3 76@3 Ss^bbl- Bakers extras, $3 6d@d66;
supernue, *2 75®3.
CORNMEAL. ETC.-Feed Corn. (10 50(g,20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 © ton.
MILLSTUFFs- Prices In 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour. SVio: .Rice Flour, 7%c: Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do. 3%0; Oatmeal,
B%c; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy. 4<<i,i^c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled Oats, 4%0;
Pearl Barley, 4' /8 c: split Peas, 4» /4 o; Greea do,
°V4fi 1* Ib. .
HAY AND FKEUSTUFF3.
BRAN— 16@16 50 H ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@17-50 ft ton for lower
grades and Slß@l9 '?, ton for the best.
■ FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, *16©16 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *20 1* ton; jobbing, 921;
Cottonseed Oilcake. $21 ton. ■
- HAY— A car of new Wheat and Oat sold at
$8 60. Old Hay Is quoted quiet. Wheat, Sg@ll 50
V- ton: Oat. 1 7ia.9 > ton: Wheat and Oat, »«<g,ll-,
Barley, $7<sß 60; Alfalfa, *7(*9; Clover, Stt@7 60:
Compressed oat. »6 50^.8: Compressed Wheat, $7
©10 50; Stock, *6ia;7 %l ton. ' j". «•'
bTRAW-30@f>0c V* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue very dull, though the ship
Aryan- look away 9684 ctls to New York.
Kayos are quotable at 90c(a$l , $ ctl: Small
Whites, $1 26@1 40 i* ctl: Pea, (1 '25((J1 45
V ctl; .Large White*. tflldl 15 «l Ctl: I'inK,
90cffi*l; Keds. fl 25; Plackeye. SI 40191 66;
Red' Kidney, SI bihg.l 65; Limas. *2 60@2 76;
Butters, SI 40® 1 60 tor small and SI 25@1 60 for
large.
BEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 60
@2 25 fl cU; Trieste. f2@2 60 f, ctl; Yel
low Mustard. Cl 4U(cil 60; Flax. SI 70@l 80; Ca
nary, -234 c * tt>; AlfalfH, 7%@9%0 * n>: Rape,
2%c 9 tb; Hemp, 3%c » lb.
DRIED peas— *i -i;»®l 40 9cU for NUea and
91 26®1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Both new and old- are weak.
New Potatoes in sacks are quotable at 70c@f 1 15;
new Early Rose in boxes from the River. SI fa 1 25;
new Garnet Chiles, *i:al 15; New Burbank Seed
lings, 91 60: Oregon Burbanks. 65ia8oc ft ctli
Early l;ose, 60®. sc; i'« tal^nia and Tomales, 60(^
70c >. ctl; Hum bold Burbauks. 65&>75c ♦( ctl.
ONlONS— Plentiful and weak at 25<535c ft ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 694 boxes As
paragus, 191 boxes Rhubarband 49>- sacks Peas.
Wax iitans nre very poor, being half-sized, and
such stock sells down to I(a6c Asparagus Is out
of favor, bummer .-<inu.sh from Winters brought
$ 1 50 i* box. ■ .
Alameda summer Squash, — ; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, 76r(a.*l > box; Egg Plant, 16@'^0c ft
Ib: Los Angeles Tomatoes, '.'@2 50 V box: cucum
bers, 60c@71 ft doz; Asparagus, oOc'afl 25 f* box
for ordinary and 91 76(a>2 for extra: Rhubarb,
60c@$ 1 25; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: (ireeu Peppers. 15
@20c p &>; i.r.cti Peas, 60cfe,91 ft "k for common
and 91 '25 for Garden; String Beans. 2@sc ft Ib for
Los Anveles and t'@9c ~? Ib lor Winters; Horse
Beans, 35^SOc f> sack: Dried ukra. 12% c; Cab
bage, 45(g,50c ft ctl; Garlic, 4 a. jc ft lb.
HIITKIt, UIhKSK AND EGGS,
BUTTKR— Quotations show no disturbance.
Creamery — Fancy, 14@14%c; seconds, 13®
13% c)( 18.
Dairy— Fancy, 13^: good to choice, 12@12%c;
lower grades, ll@ll%c
CHKKSE- Fancy mIM new. 6%@7c: common to
good. s@6c V ft; Cream Cheddar. lo@Hc; Young
America. Ba»9c v $ &>; Western, 10©llc: Eastern,
12<g,13^c
i,B- Weak and dull. Eastern Eggs, ll@l2c V
dozen; Store Eggs, ll@ll%c: ranca Eggs, 12%
fellc; Duck Eggs, 14(i$i5c ft dor.
rOUI-TKV AND GAME.
POULTRY— Is easy and unchanged.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@16c "$ % for
Uobblers. 12@)I8c for Hens: Geese, ft pair. $1@
1 25; Ducks, |DO* for old and $4(is6 for young:
Hens, (3 50(a4 50; P.oosters. young, $7 50@9: do,
old, #4(^l 50. Fryers, .*(j4i6 M) ; Broilers. $ 4(0,5 tor
large and $.&3 tor small; Pigeons, Si - 26@l 60 %*
doz for young and old.
UAMK-lj not quotable.
IjECIUIOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
8500 boxes, selling at ;40@75c for While; 40@i65c
IS box for Black and 85c@fl for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, s(s7c V tb for White, 4%@5c for
Black and 3%&4 c for culls. '
. Cherry Plums from Vacavllle, 50@76c fi box.
Green Apples, 75c t* box.
Green Pears, 60c f* box.
Ki.-s from Yuma, 60c *i Ib.
• Pringle Apricots sold at.4oc@fl f, box, 300
boxes coming In.
BEItRIEs-Receipts of Strawberries were 191
chests, selling at fß@ll 1* chest for Longwortha
and 1 6@8 for large berries.
Uooseberries. 20@25c '?■ drawer and l%@2c 9
lb In sacks for small and 25@30c *> drawer and '£&
2%c 'fi lb In bulk for large. . .
Raspberries, 50<.%5l $ drawer; Newcastle Rtsp
berrli-e. $1 73 V crate. :
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currants, $1 2. ©3 ft chest tor interior and f4@
5 for cood U< choiie. • . .
CITRUS FRUITS— Fancy Pineapples from Man
zamllo are on the market at $ 5 "p. case of 18. They
are gilt-edged. Lemons continue to advance,
oranges ■■ are quotable at - 7t>c<df 1 75 %4 box for
Seedlings, ?M(a4 $ box for Navels, $ 1 50.a'2 50
lor. Malta Bloods anil (1 2502 25 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, *'2iu,3 for common and
$3 50(g,4 for good' to choice: Mexican i.ime*. f 6
(g,6 60: California Limes, Cl > bx; Bananas, fl@i
V bunch: Pineapples, f 3@6 ? dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
I DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
I tbe Fruit Exchange:
j . Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@2« V Ib for ouar
terwi. 2c for sliced and 4(d4i40 for evaporated :
1 Peaches. 3!§sc and 60 for fancy; ,\ pricots, Oi/i/(i
' 8c for »rlui« to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc $
■ tor fancy Moorpark: Figs, block. 2y«c for on-
I pressed: White Figs.. 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c ,V
! tt> for evaporated halves, 3%@tic T>» It) for quarters:
Prunes, a'a::'^-: Plums,- 5%e S> for pitted and
l%Ca.2c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3%@6c V lb for,
prime to choice and 6%c for fancy.
loiMtmm Pricks— Evaporated Apples. 4@4%0
"Plb; eun-oried, l%(&2c: Peaches, 3%igsc and 6c
f..r fancy; peeled In boxes. 12U.C p* ft; Prunes. 4c
for four sizes, 6JJS%c for 40<.*o's and 4i."isc
ior 50<a,60's: Apr con. «%@9o for prime to choice
10@llo for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, Hi.,.-
White Figs, B@sc: Pears, 8c %i Ib for evapor
ated halves - and 4@7%c for quarten; - Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and 1(51%c for unpitted; Neo
| tar iMM, 4@sc tb for prime to choice."
RAISINS AMI) DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
; crown, loose, 38/ic; .3-crown. loos*. Sc: 2-crown.
I 2%c t* It; seedless Sultanas, 3%@35 / io: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@2^ic: tbree-crown London layers,
■ tie iB box; clusters. $1 36<a!l 50; Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@2 2.1; imperial dusters, *2 U)@2 75 : Dried
Grapes, f> lb. . > ....... . : . : 1
Jobbixo Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%<aWc: 3
ciown, 3' /4 'H lb: 2-crown, 2"V4^3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c t> !b; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; S-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, fl 60®l 75;
pphesa clusters, *Vi 60:: Imperial clusters, 91 76;
Dried rapes. . ....... ■
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc ft ft
for No. 1 hard and ll@3Sc m tb for paper-shell, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 6W7Vic t"! Ib for Languedoo
and B%(<sloc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6%
@7c for Eastern and 4 %@sy a c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6<aec; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished. Filberts, B@9c: -Brazil Nuts. 9®loo #
tb; Cocoanuts, f 4 60@5 ¥> 100. .
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft lb for
bright and B@9o V It. for lower grades; water
.white extracted. 6feis%e.s !b: light. amber ex
tracted. 4i4@4840; dark amber. 4c; dark, 2(*3c.
BEKSWAX-'J6(»'27i /; ,.- 9 tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— B.cou, 6c "9 tb tor henry, 7o
for light medium, 9c 1* iib for li^ht, 10c for extra
light and 12c $ Ib for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c ft.-
Mess Beef. $7 60@«i; extra mess do, fS 60@9; fam
ily do, flO: extra prime Pork, $8 60@9; extra
clear, *14%» bul: mess, $12 %« bW; Smoked Beef,
10c ? tb. - - . •
l.AUD— Eastern, tierces .is quoted at 6Vio fUb I
for compound and 6"4 c for pure: palls, 7%c: Cali- I
iornia tierces, 6Vic «or compound and t>»4c for
pure: half-buls, 6V4@6%c: 10- tb tins, 7i /4 c; do 6-U>,
7*/ic *$&.----'• . -
COTTULENK— 6V*c@6y, in tierces and 7@7y,0
tb in 10-Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND; SKINS}- Heary salted steers are
quotable ,at 7c t». tb; . culls ; and . brands. 6c 9
Ib; medium. 6c %* tb; culls and brands. sc; light,
sc; culls and brands; 4c; Cowhides, s(ot3u.c Vi lb;
culls and brands. 4@4%c; salted Kin. 5c « Ib
salted Calf 7c: *t!t*u via. 6c: dry Hides, 10c :
culls and br.iud.i, He ■? Ib: dr.- Kip and Veal
B@.9c; cuns. 7c: dry r Cull, 15o: culls. 10c: Goat-
BKins.2O@3sc each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, •15@25c: winter, lu@l6e;
sheepkins, shearlings, 10.-a,lsc each; short wool.
10(3 36r each : medium, 40^500 each; lone wools, '
60c each. Culls of all kinds about Vfcfl less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined. s%@sJic; Grease. 2%c V 18.. -
,WOOL-V*ii»y Oregon, 9®lo%cVlb: do lower
grades, B@9%cTi Ib; Spring Nevada. 6@*c: San
Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
Sun Joaquin, .foothill, good to choice. I J@Bc; San
Jc.aqiiin, year's fleece, 4Va@6%c;- northern free), 7
fe '?. C A,^ 1 d "' ectlve - 6@6VsO * £
HOPS— Nominally lVt<g>3c V* U>.
" J GENERAL . MERCHANDISE. '
BAGS-CalcutU. Grain Bags,' spot, 94 20@4 25;
June-July delivery, 94 37%: San Quenlln, *4 '20;
Wool Bags, 24%@28%c , . < '}'■■■ ■
COAL- Wellington, $8 ton: New Wellington,
98 «* ton: Soiitrtfield Wellington,' 97 50 9 ton;
Seattle. f5®5. 60; Bryant." $5; Coos Bay 94 50:
Waiiseud.:*7: Scotch, 97 60: • Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, fll@!2 in bulk and 913(214 la sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 911 50; Welsh An
thracite, 98: Cannel, 97 £0: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60; Coke, f 11@12
,in bulk and fl3 •* ton in sacks. ■ ■'■:... •
RICE-Chlnese mixed, f3 2l>©3 40; Nov 1, f 3 60
@3 70 oil; extra No. 1. 20@S 40; No. 1, 93 60
>3 70 ?i ctl; extra No. 1, 93 90@4; Hawaiian.
#3 37%c^3 bo; Japan. 93 7t@9o: Rangoon, 93 10.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
i quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 614 c: Dry Granulated, 55* c;
Confectioners' A, 6%c; Magnolia A. 6c: Extra
C, 41'rc; Golden C, 4»4c:-- half- barrels, Yifi more
than barrels, and boxes V t c more. . . .
_SYRUP-Ualden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap. 100
fl gal. -••-.-.-.-.
( . — — ___ ■ ' . ...
SAN FRAXCISCO MEAT MARKET,
No change in any description. Wholesale . rates
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as follow*:
BKEF— First quality, 6@sV*c; second do, 4 %@
i^cj third do, 3%<ffl4c «l tb. ,
VKAL— Large, s(gGc; small,' 6@7c a lb. •
MUTTON-Weihers, 6@6%c; Ewes. 4%ffisc
V tb
• LAMB— Lamb. 6@Si/2C n>. . •
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@3 V 4 c fi lb for large and
SWtf3%c »or small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©»V4c %i lb. ' -_ - ,■■ -. • :
V:jt". KKCEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
w-,. r . ... TOR 24 HOCM. - -
■firar.Qr. rt*...... 6.o6s|Cheese. et1a.;......' 79
Wheat. eU» 1,630 Em5. do» 10,890
Barley. et15. ....... 6,033 Bides, no _ 902
Oats. Or, ctls 34 Cr Pelts, 0d15. ........ • 1,923
Beans, 5ka... .„... 1,418 Wool, bis.; « 79
Potatoes, 5ka...... 2,olßWlne, gals 66,600
Onion*, sks 1,-287 Quicksilver, Hula 100
Bran. me. ....... 612 Raisins, bxa I 1,200
Middlings, 5ka..... - • Leather, rolls.. ._ - 129
Bay, tons. „ 347 Tallow, ctu ....... SO
htraw, tons .... 10 Lime, bbls M ' 81
Butter, CtU..'.;.. M 214, ,- •- • • •
-" v " * . ; . ■ , '! : . •'■:*'•
■ FAMILY RETAIL MARKET. , .
Prices are largely uniform this week. No changes
of importance appear in Dairy ' Produce, Meats
or Vegetables. , Fruit shows a few changes. ; i ,:
Following is Ts* Call's regular weekly retail
price list: * "*!-."
" *' ' COAI/— PER TON. -'- ■- j^ . :.-,
Cannel.;.... —@ 950 Pleasant Val . 9 60@10 00
Wellington. -@10 00 South Held '
New Wei- Wellington- — <a 960
llngton.... (SAO 00 Scotch — @ 950
Beanie.;.... 7 004 750 Coos Bay... 6 60|>' —
Castle Gate. 9 60&10 00 ; . > :
. : ' I ■ daisy PBonncE. rrr.
Butter, fancy, fl I Cheese; Eastern. . ;ls@2o
wiuara 30«53.} Cheese, Swiss... 20«30
do, ft roll 3O(m — Common Eg<rs..l2%<§) -
do. ch0ice. ........ 25<a— RanchEggsi»dz...lft«l7
Ordlnaryao -<§- Honey.comb, tHb.120515
Cheese, Cal 10(ai— | do, extracted.... B®l2
— MEATS— PJCB FOUNT. • • , ...
Bacon ........... 12@17 Pork, fn»su. . . 12@15
Beef, choice 12(<b15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good 8(2,10 Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef 8&— Round Steak... 8&10
Ham, Cal... 12Vj(<tl5 Sirloin Steak... lSV^ft —
do, ■ Eastern..... 16(4 — Porterhouse, do. 17^20
Lard...'.....- laftlS Smoked Beef — ®16
Mutton B(*lC|Pork Sausages.... — &20
Spring Lamb. 10@— Veal 10&16
"*.'- , V .: • POULTRY AXD (IAMB. :
Hens. each..... 60® 60 Turkeys, ft.. 16® 18
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 1 6CKS 90
ers. each 75@1 00 Geese, each....l 75&200
Old Roosters, Pigeons, a pr.. 40§ 60
each 50A bO Rabbits, «t pr.. »5@ 40
Fryer*, each... -@ 75 Hare, each 15© 20
Broilers, each.. 35@ 60!
rsurrs AVI> nttts.
Almonds, V Ib 5 Lemons, * d0z....26@30
Apricots, ft lb 30@-;Limes. ft doz 12r<sl5
Apples, ft ft HIM) 1 2 Oranges, ?t dor 10«30
Bananas, %4 dor. . .16&20 l Kaisins, ft lb 6iS?ls
Blackberrlps. ft tb.IVKaH sißHspb^rries.f\oskt'2o(§(3s
Currants, ft b0x.. .30(460 Strawoerrles,
Cocoanuts. each. . .lo^l2 ft drawer '....35(365
Cherries. ft lb B^l2'Widhuts, Vft 15® —
Gooseberries, ft lb. : (a. 61 | « i '
VKiKTARLB.
Asparagus, ft 1b... BfSlO Lettuce, ft d0z....15i520
Artichokes,^doz..l(!#HO|Mr'fat Squash,^ Ib — © -
Beets, ft dOE Onions, %4 Ib 4c. (>
Beans,wh!te «tt>.2%(g» 6 Peppers, green,¥tt>2.^3o
' Colored. ft ft>...'2i. 6 Parsnips, fl noz. ...is(g>2o
Lima, V tb. 4@ 6 Potatoes, V Ib 2® 3
Cabbage, each s@lo do. New. ¥&.... 3s) 4
Cauliflowers, each. 6(& S'Rhubarb, ft 1b... . 4@ 5
Celery, V bunch... 6f3 — |Radlshes.«dzbchs.lO@ia
Cress, #dzbuncbs.2o®26 Sage, ¥* lb '25^33
Cucuiuber.fldoi.7s(al string Beans, ft ttwlO(<»l2
Garlic. T» t> ....... B<^lo Thyme, ft H>.......20@30
Green Peas, ft a> . 4 (a b Turnips, ft d0z.... 16^)20
Lentils, ft Ib 6& » Tomatoes, ft 0..... 15(a,-J0
' " FISH— PKR POCNa
Barracuda.... „ 10®12Shad B@lo
Carp B@loSeaßass ;....- <& —
Codfish ...'.-.*.'. —^15; Smelt« _......lf& —
Flounders —^1501ea.. ........ ..... lO(<tl'2
Halibut 10<a> -Skates, each. 10r«£12
Herring. —ft — iSturgeon. — —
Kingfish ........ ...lO'e> - iTomcod 15i<t —
Mackerel.. 20(4 -Clams, fl gal —£,16
do, Horse — <§— 'Do, hardshell. ft
Perch........ lOMi— 100........: 50® —
Pompano — — Crabs, each 12@15
Kockflsh 12«£15I)o. softshell. ft dr-'25<«35
Salmon, smoked... —'Mussels, ft qrt 10&15
Salmon, fresh 12(^15 Oysters. Cal, ft 100.40& —
5hrimp5............ 8(0.10 Uo, Eastern, ft di. 25®40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Yesterday was tbe last business day of the wees,
as the boards will not be in session to-day. The
market for mining stocks was quiet at a slight
shading from Thursday, though there was a
steadier feeling at tbe close.
Trad: nc was Hvi-ly on the Bond Kxcnange.
Hawaiian Commercial declined to 918 60, Hutch
liisoo Plantation to 126 and Market-street Rail
mjr to 942 25. Ban Francisco Gas advanced to
994@93 50.
Tbe Savage assessment falls delinquent in board
on Monti av.
' Tbe annual meeting of the Crown Point Mining
Company will be held on Monday.
Tbe rumor was current yesterday that the
Cliollar drift on ihe 200 level of the Brunswick ■
workings hal been swung around to the south
and out of the ore.
The Centenniul-Knreka mine of Utah paid
S:O,iK)O on the 16th, making 9180.000 this year
and 91,680,000 from the start.
The i.lkton Con. mine of Montana paid a divi
dend of 910,000 on the 251h, the tlrsl tins year.
The Isabella mine oi Colora ,o paid a dividend
of #'22.500 on the -Jsth, makinc 930.000 this ye.tr.
The uiK *Six mine of Laice Comity, Colo., paid its
first dividend of 92500 on the 20lh. A good body
or ore Is being opened.
Tbe Ontario mine of Utah has declared a divi
dend of 10b per share, or 915,0C0, payahle
Monday.
rot lowing Are the Highest Prloes Oaring
the Pan'- Week.
-Stock. • Moo.fTues. Wed.jTbn.i FrL Sal.
Alpha ':...' 528 SO . Z8 27 22'
Alt*..... .... 10 11 11 ,08 08 ".
Andes. ..;..«.... 40 44 ' 41 S» 36
Belcher.......... 86 89 '63 78 75......
Best * Belcher.. 1.60 1.60 1 >:, 1.35 135
Bodle ......; 75 70 70 .68 ." 65 .'.'.]'..
Bullion.......... 30 SO 30 • lib 26
Bulwer 40 40 40 38 37 ... .
Caledonia 12 13 1% 11 11
Challenge. ...... 5') 48' in 48 45
CnoUar..... 2.80 2.90 2.90 2.8u 2.80
Coil. A V».. 3.00 3.06 2.t*b a.S>."> a.78
Confidence 1.55 1.50 1.35 1.40 1.30
Crown Point 75 73 71 69. 64
Gould A Curry. 1.80 1.70 1.55 1.55 1. •').'....
Norcrosa 3.00 3.16 3.10 3.10 8.06 .....
Mexican 1.16 1.15 1.10 1.00 I.JO
Mono ..-. 12...;.. 06 07
Ophjr.. .;........ 1.90 1.90 1.80 1.76 1.70 '...'...
Overman 18 19 18 15 1 14
Occidental 1.75 1.60 1.60.1.60 1.60
i*Otosi ..;.... 1.50 1.65 1.56 1.45 1.46......
*5ova«e 1.60 1.65 1.60 1.45 ' 1.4:. ....
S#g. Belcher «0 23 " 20 16 19
Sierra Nevada.. 1.10 1.15 1.10 1.00 98 .'."."".
Union..........;. 1.00 1.00 1.00 90 GO ,
Utah... v ....... so 10 19 18 ; 16 ......
Yellow Jacket.. ;68| 71 64 " 69 65
■ BOARD SALES.
.Following were the sai«i la . to* Man Frmnet*3«
Btocit Board yesterday:
REOtTLAB MDRNTNS SESSION COMMICf CIS* 9:3').
100 A1pha.. ...22. 100 CCAV ...2.75.100 0ph1r...1.70
600 Alia. US 70 ....'.:. 2.70! 50 .;.... 1.65
■60 Andes 36, 10 2.65 500 0vrm«....14
800 8e1cner...72 200 Exchqr...oß 200 P0t05i..1.35
200 B A U.. 1.30 100 U&C... 1.401.100 1.10
100 Bullion., 100 .........1.46 500 Savage.l.3s
100 ....;..26:400 H<tN... 2.86 100 Sen B 17
; 800 Cuullar.2.riu 100 Justice. ...lU.'OO 5.N«r....18
400 ........;2.65J51> Mxcau;.. 95200 s Hill ....05
100 2.70100 ... 9bi'2t>o Utah.... 16
50 C Point... 63j- 60 Occidtl..l.4oosU V Jackt..sl
AITKBXUOS SEBSIO.V— '2:3O. :
200 Alpha. 32209 Ch011ar ..'2.70 150 0cc1dU.1.45
100 Alt*.... 07 1 30 .. A... .2.75 50 1.50
200 Andes.... «s|2o'J C Point... 400 Ophir... 1.65
200 Belcher... 73 '."(JO O AC. .1.45 P0t051...1.35
800 ....:. ..,'..72 200 2.90:100 Sava=e..l.4&
150 B * 8.. 1.35 100 Julia..... 10300 Se- 8e1... 18
100 1.30 300 Keutuck..O6 100 Union.... 88
•200 80d1*.....65 50 Mcx 96 20(» V Jck1....6.H
7UO Bullion... 2ft 100 ............96100 63
200 CC&V...2.701 - : - -. ■ • • I • . ,
■ rollewtnf were tne sales la the Paciflo Stoos
*oiurd yesterday: ' ; ' ; '.
i ' ' . : kioi'i.ak rkssiox— lo:la
200 Alpha 200 Crwn Pt;..62 200 0ccd11.47%
300 Alt*. ....-08 300 Exchar...Oß 200 0ph1r...1.7u
»00 Andes. , . . 35 U A '200 Ovrmn. . . . 1 ,->
400 8e1cher... 73 550 ......... .1.4& 50 Pot(MI.-.1%
■250 BAB 1.321.., 100 HAN ...-.95 100 ,1.4«
300 ........ 1.3& 550. ..„ 2-90 760 Savage..]. 40
•~'(«J Bodle 6. 1400 Julia... It"; 200 1.42%
:0J bu11i0u...25 100 Justice. ...lo 100 .:.... :.-1.40
i.luO Bulwer....S<V2oo Kent 2oo Scorpion.. 06
I 200 Caleda 11 460 Mexu Pti SOU i>8AM....17
500 Ch011ar:2.65 100 .. .."-».. ..97 100 * 5T......JH
160 ....... ..2.60 100 99400 ......:.... 97
100 .........2.75 100 ....„...;.. 98 500 Bit HU1.... 05
100 ........ 2.70 500 Mono 06 200 Union C.BB
'200 CC«feV.;2.75 100 0cc1d.. .. 1.60 200 U:*h 16
150. C0nn.,.. 1.40 400 .1.45100 YJs*K«i..sO
600 C. 1mp.... 100 ....... 1.401 ...
ArTEBNOOX SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alpha 21|1000Ch0ur..2.70i300 0ph1r...1.85
300 A.ta 05i250 2.76|200 ! 3/ 8
400 Ande5. ...36!100 '2.721/allOO l-*0
200 Blcnr 7'2;500 C} AC...1.4.V200 0vrmn. ...1 3
400 B<fc 8. .1.35 150 UdsN . ..2.95i200 Potosi... I*B
150 Bodie 64:600 3.00i400 Bavagl.4ai/«i
100 6.*> 100 Mcx f>»!lOOS Nisv 97
300 8u1wer...35 100 9P]'2OO Sil Hi 11.. .06
100 CCV 2.70 200 Mono Ofi'lOO U:*h 16
200 C P0int. ..641150 Occd 1.46120J V Jacket. .s4
CLOSINti QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 27-4 P. M.
. ... £,tl.Aikrd.\ . 3l4.Aiked.
Alpha C0n....'. 21 23!Ju1i».... M -... M ,i 09 11
A1i*7..».-.1-" 08 -" JO Justioe «.. 10 .12
Andes ......— 1 35 37jKentu0K. ...... 05 07
Belcher »75 77 Lady Wash.... 04 06
B*tt<fcßelehe&l.3O 1.35 Mexican _ 1.00 1.05
BentonCon 20 —Mono .......... 07 10
Bodte.-..: ..^~ - : 64 ■. r 66 Nevada uaeeo. — 05
Bullion _ . .24 26 Occidental..... 1.60 1.55
Bnlwer ...- 35 Uphir 1.66 1.70
Caledonia' ...„ - 11 . 12 Overman ...... .14 15
Choliar . 2.76 2.80 1'0105i.. ........ 1.35 1.40
Cod. CaL * Va. 2.70 2.75 bavffe...^.... 1.4H 1.45
Challenge Con. 42 , 46 (-eg. Batcher... 17 19
Con. ' Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion 06 ' —
Confidence...- 1.30 .- I.3siSyndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 62 64 Silver HUl..._ 05 06
fcastßierra»«» — - Utijfclerra NevaO*. 97 1.00
Exchequer..:.. 07 08 I niouCoa...^ 89 90
would A Curry. 1.45 I.6oHJtan — 17
Hut Jt>0rc«.2.95.. 3.00 Yellow, JMICW. 53 .64
Jackson..;. 40 —I -. ■ • .
GOLD JIIMMi KXCHAXOB.
200 Amalie 2 50: Providence
Champion |Bld 50 00
Bid 20 OW2OO Savannah 40
SOOKdna 6'2|200 41
lOOGranu 14200. - 42
Kennedy 1200 43
Bid 1050400 - 44
Keystone. 400 Sebastopol...... 50
Bid 65 00200 - 61
500 Lockwood Con.. 34 Thorpe
Asked..... 70
- •' • LOCAL SKCUBITISai
Bid 1 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron W0rk5.....:/. _ 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 7 00
• STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
" FRIDAY, May 29-3 p. v.
■ - ■ rxITXS BT*T BOSIM.
s • > Bid. ■ Atktd. Bit Ai*e&.
CB4seonp..lo7 - U8 4* r««...109T4 -
Do. new is... 11 6*4 —
MlhCti,L« SKfln Wm
Cal-«tCbl«ft«. — U3 iPacßollMß*. • — —
Cal L 6s. — 123% Do. 3d in 9% — —
Cntr*UW6o. — 97% 1' *O Ry 6s. 105 120
Dpnt-« ex-ep 77 85 Pi&Chßr6s. — 107
KdsnLiftl' 6s. - 122% Pwl-st.RRB«. - 118%
> RR6a. 104% - RenaWLJtL - . 105
Cie*rr-«tR5«.102%105 RlverW Co 6» — 100
Lo»An«L6». -.. 103 sactoPAL.. - 102 V,
Do.Unted.6s. - 103 tF<tNPRK6sIOU/alOl3/
Mkt-stCble6il23 — bPRRAxisOs — ■ 98
DoßyCon6s.. 104^105 bPRR Cal6s- 108% 111
NutomnV6s 90 103 tsP*tKCal»s_ - —
NevCN 5 R7s. 95 . 105 Si'BrßCalds. 99%101
KPCRR6*. - 108 SVWat«rß»..llß7/ 8 119%
NRy Cal 6s. 102 105 bVWater4a~ - 99 /4
NRy C*l&.«. — 100' S'k>.nUAK6i — 100
Oak Uas 65.. 101 sunstT<£T<is.lOQ — - {
Do. 2d las ss. — 106 >-utier-siUsj. 1071 —
Omnibus 6a.. 119 V 4 - - VUaiiaWUd*— M
VSXTFR KTOCKv
Contra Costa 87 38 IBan J05«..... 75 100
MarlnCa... 60 - Spring Valley 99 99%
- • ; FA" hT»CK«.
Capital.. 20 ; 28 1 Paciflc Light. 47 !■— T-r
Central 05 — . Sanirranaaco 93 93%
Oak ii LA a. 63 53 Biwckton..... — Xl%
PacUaslmpb - 87
insurancz moax.*.
rirtm»n»Fd.l6s — |3un... 2ft 50
roMMBRi.'IAI, BANK WO-Rl
«m«B*Ta — . — >LondonP<ftA.l2B 129
▲nglo-C*l... 61% — : 'LotidonASs*. — 27%
Bank of CaL. 238 242% Merch Kx_.. 12 —
C*IBDATCo- 63V4 - iNeTada...... - — —- :
>lntNaUoni.l7B 182% bather IS 6a. — —
fcrangera.... — — - I
■ . » «A"IN 8» BANK *TlTir.l.
O*rSALCo..J42O — BaTALoaa.. m 100
HnmbS&li. 1100 1450 Security. , — 260
Mutual — 40. Gnloa fro**. 750 800
bi b»vUnloa — 486
kTBKKT HAILBOAO JITOCKI.
California.... — 110 . |Oak.BL&Har — 100
Ueary-s: — 66 1 Presidio..... 6 7%
Market-st..- 42% Vs Suti«r-s: - — T",
I uWi . n. STUCK*
Atlantic D... 16% — |Jndson. — —''
Eastern D... — 87 Bl*nt. ......_. 24 "/ 126
California,... 75 — Ivigonu...^. 75c 1
Ml~f FLT.ANvoiH "TIOT*
Alaska Pkrs. 66%100 Oceanicsaca — 24
ElkDCoalCO. — 10 lacAuiKA.. 1 —
CalCotMUla,. — — Pac Borax. _ 98 100
CalDrrDoclc — — PicliXC* — 80
Edison Light. 119 119 14 Pac Roll Mill — —
GasConAsja. — — iParfPalntOa 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 - PacTransOa — .»4
HawCASCo. 19% 20 IPacTATOa 65 70
EDtchSPCo_ 26 251/ibun»etTAT.. 41, — ■ :
JudsonMfgC. - — United — Ui
MtrKJCAssnlOO 110 I
6AIES-KOBNIXII intrair.
Board— -
25 tsiant Powder Con 94 62%
130 Hawaiian Commercial 18 50
00 , do do 18 76
'25 do do 18 87%
40SFG*sIl ht 94 00
35, do do 93 75
25 do do 93 50
50 Hutchinson 3 P Co. 25 26
620 do do' ....: 25 00
10 Market-st Railway 42 37%
: 50 do do 42 25
10 do do 48 37%
2000 Marke:-st Con 6% 80nd5.......... 105 00
50 V Water. b 6... • 99 00
Street —
10 Pacific Lighting... 47 25
BALKS— ArTXBKOOK SKSSfOit.
' Board—
2R Edison Light A Power Co- 118 60
25 do do 118 75
16 do do 119 00
130 Hawaiian Commercial 19 CO
5v5 Uutcbinson S P C 0...... 25 26
75- do do, b 2 26 00
6t> Mnrket-st Railway 42 50
3000 Market-st Con 6% 80nd5....." 106 00
100 s F Gaslight. A 93 60
40 SV Water 99 00
street—.
100 Hutchinson SPCo. 35 00
Electric Kyes for the Blind.
In a recent meeting of teachers and
other experts on educational matters in
Russia, at Moscow, Dr. Noishewski
demonstrated an instrument invented by
him several years ago, but considerably
improved recently, which he calls the
"electrophthalm," or "electric eye." This
very sensitive instrument is intended to
enable the blind by the sense of feeling to
observe objects which we see with our
eyes. Noishewski uses in the con
struction of his instruments the
two metalloids, selenium and tellurium,
both of which will change their
quality as conductors of electricity with
different conditions of lijht. The instru
ment constructed by Noishewski denotes
these changes, and, while it does not en
able the blind to see, they will feel the
various effects of changing light by means
of this apparatus. The Wjedomosti re
ports in a recent number that Dr. Noi
shewski has succeeded in having a totally
blind man nnd tbe windows in a room, and
after a little practice to distinguish ap
proaching men from approaching animals.
The inventor is still at work upon im
provements to tne "electroDhthalm," and
hopes to perfect it to such an extent that
the blind will be able to tell almost with
certainty when approaching opaque or
transparent objects, which would be a great
stride toward bettering the condition of the
blind.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
■ Mat. 1896. ■'•
JFETl!: Il % Ij II: _ Moo n - a ph Mt8
1 2 : '
. 1_ __ ___ __ Last Quarter.
-1J_ JL JL -1 ,1 ~ Mtty '"
ii ii ii jg. u "^ "" ®
17 18 19 | 20 21 22 23 /-^First Quarter
v-i' May 19.
34 25 28 27 28 29 | 30 — — — —
" i : 1 i^ -Full Moon.
>1 • ' May 28.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
araAMBR |, . from - } i> o «
City of Pueftla.. Victoria * mm Hound ..May 30
Empire.........: Portland May 31
fanllon Vaqulna Bar .„ ..May 31
Cre»centUUy... Crescent Curl '"Z .May 31
*«*«>". Eel River..... . .11*731
Corona.......... Kan Diego. May 31
ritT or Everett Kanaimo AJav3l
Trnete*... ...... Coos Bay...... Tune 1
Pomona. Humboldt Bar June 1
Areauk.:... Portland.. June 1
KurPKa......... Newport June 2
Norm font.... HumboldtBtr June a
****<> ......... icooa Bay....... ..June 'Z
Profrreso........ Seattle.... v..... .......... ..June 3
Columbia...:... Portlana.................. ..June 4
1 Mexico.......... San Dleeo. ■..;..... ;.... ..June 4 '
Wall* Walla.... I Victoria* Puget Boand ..June 4
! Del Norw. ...... Kraysiiaroor........" June 4
Alameda,;....;. Sydney...... ..June 4
Peru......... ! China and Japan ....... June 4
Alice Blancaam Portland;;,;.... June 4
Waaiiteuaw Tacoma.v... June 4
Strain Newport. .:;....... ....^ ..June 6
«*unol urays Harbor.., June B
Acapulco. Panama ..Jupe 9
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
I**** ;i HydroorapiiicOpfick. V. 3. X ■» \
1 ■■"• MKBCftANTS 1 EXCHAN»K. ' "- V
bA2T Fbancisco. May 29. 189«. J
The time ball on' Telegrapn-HUt< was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L c, ac noon of the 1^0;h
meridian, or exactly at a jr. il. Greenwich time.
A. F. FBCHTKI.ua,
. '<■": . Lieutenant V. S. ST „ la charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTEAMEB | DESTINATION. [ SAI13. I PIKK.
«t .Paul-.... Newoorr...... May31. J>am Pier 11
Empire Orejton ports.. June 1. 6pm Pier 13
Orizaba. Mexico June 2,10am Pier 11
Btateor ca! | ronlana. ...... June '_'. 10am ; Pier 24
Corona ; San Diego June 2,11am ; Plerll
Pomona. ! unmboiatBar June 1 'iru : Pier »
inrMioQ... I \ enulnA Bay.. Juno a, 9am ' f ier 2
Weeott....: I Eel Kiver.;... June 2. 5pm Pier 18
*r«*o. .... Ooo»M«r. ...... June 3.10am l'ler 13
CityPaebla- i Vic & en Bnrt i June S. »am Pier 9
Bnr«l» ■;:.■. .Ntwvnn Jane 4. Bam Pier 11
A. real* Oregon ports. . t Junes
Dtl Kane .. Grays Haroor June 6.
Peru..:..... j China* Japan June 6, 3pm I'M S3
Santa Rosa. San Diego June 6.11am. Pier 11
ABIancharu Oregon Doris.. June 6.10am Pier 13'
Columbia... Portland .; Jane 7.10am Pier 24
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. B. Coast *ifn Gkodbtio Bfhvxt Ttßa>
Bci.i.KTi!r Pcblisiiko BY Official V
AUTHORITY OF THK SCPKBtNTKXBtST- )
'Saturday May 30.
Ron lisas 4.49 1 Moon rises 11.05pm
Bun sets 7.27 Moon sets
1 . V . May— 1890.
> Time Fm HUH Feel 1LH1£ F«et IlIEl Few
I- " vs | I. ■<> } ■- H y I '■ >V
SOI 1.0 1 5.4' 8.271 — l.-i 4.13, 4.b, 8.31 1 a.3
l.B7| 4.«j ».lli — 0.7| 6.001 4.6| ».18 3.3
Junk.
1 3.02! 4.3 9.&4I-0.1I 6.S8 4.8 11.10 28
2 4.18 3.7 10.381 0.5 &14 49 . .
L W Feet H W Feet L W Feet H u
3 0.28 2.5 B.38 3.5 1137 1.0 6.-.1 s' o
4 1.32 1.8 6.57 3.3 12.09 1.5 7.21 50
6 2.04 1.4 8.16 3.4 12.47 2.0 7 ik :i 'j
6 2.46 0.9 9.18 3.5 1.25 2.4 8.1UJ 5. }
wotb— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column give* the lost tide of the day, except
when there are but ttana tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to thn
soundings on tbe United States Coast hurvpy
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
belght, and then the number given Is subtractlvs
from the depth given by ;he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. May 29.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 76 hours from
Seattle; 2531 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Stmr St Paul, Green, 70 noun from Newport, etc;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
-Stmr Bonlta, Downing. 108 hours from New
port and way ports; produce, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley. 47% hours fm
Portland, via Astoria 39 hours; pass and mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 20 hours from Rock port;
222 M ft lumber, to J R Hanlfy.
Schr Etta B. Madsen, 10 hoars from Fort Ross;
40 bxs butter, to Ross it Hewlett.
Schr Laura May, Hansen. 10 days from Grays
Harbor, lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, May 29.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkham, Nauaimo; R
Dunsmuir A Sons.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Goodall. Per.
l»lns&Co.
stmr Pomona, Doru, Eureka: Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Bktn S N' Castle, Hubb&rd, Honolulu; J D
Hpreckels & Bros Co.
Sailed.
-*•.' FRIDAY, May 29.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cms.
Stmr Alcazar, Gonderson.
Stmr Mexico, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Unxatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, Honolulu.
Schr Dalsr Bowe, Olsen. Coos Bay.
bctir Kettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Charters.
The ship Columbia loads coal at Departure Bay
for this port; Haw bark Leahl, redwood at Eureka
for Sydney, 455; Br bark Woollahra, lumber at
Port Blaiceley for Sydney, owner's account; Br
ship Yorana, wheat at Portland for Europe, 26b.
The bark Martha Davit loads mdse for Hono
lulu; schr Vine, mdse for Central America.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 29-10 p. K.— WmtßM
cloudy; wind SW; velocity. 16 miles.
• y<: : .''■ Spoken.
May 11— Lat 32 N, long 18 W, Br ship Dtmsdal*
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
May 10— Lat 7 N. long 25 W. Br ship Champion,
from Cardiff for Santa Rosalia.
May 27— 50 N. long 14 W, Br ship Riverside
from Oregon for Bristol.
May 20— Lat 30 >*, long 46 W, Br ship Simla,
from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
May 13— Lat 29 N, long 40 W, Ocr bark J C
Glade, hence Jan 5. for Queenstown.
May 2— Lat 1 8. long SO W, Br ship Lawhlli,
hence Jan 29, for London.
Domestic Port*.
MENDOCINO— " May 29— Stmr Point
Arena, hence May 29.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 29-Schrs Lucy
and Lizzie Vance, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May 29— Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Mar 29— Schra J O Wall and
Mary Bubne, for San Francisco.
COLLINS LANDING— SaiIed May 29-Scbr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 29-Schr Roy
Somers, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 29-Scbr Wo Renton,
for Redondo.
HUENEME-B*lled 28— Stmr ' Tlllamook
for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 29-Schr Nokomls
from Tacoma. '
Sailed May 29— Schr Monterey, for Bon-ens
Landing.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived May 29-Schr
Archie and Fontie, hence May 27,
USAL— Arrived May 29— Stmr Newsboy, hence
May 28.
Balled May 29— Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 29-Schr Dora
Bluhm. for San Francisco.
. FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 29— Stmrs Noro
and Rival, hence May 28.
Balled May 29— Stmr Caspar, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— BaiIed May 29-Stmr Arcata, tor
San Francisco.
Arrived May 29— Schr Pioneer, from Redondo.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 28— Ship Reaper
from Honolulu. . * '
Foreign Ports.
FLEETWOOD- Arrived May 28— Br ship Thorn
asina MacLellan, hence Jan 9.
COLON— Arrived May 27-Stmr Alllanca, from
New York.
Importations.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul- 24 ska mustard seed,
305 bxs oranges, 4 bxs lemons. •■
Los Angeles via East ban Pedro— lo pkgs mdse,
10 c» sardines.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— B pkgs mdse, 4 cash
registers, 10 cs champagne, 10 bdls paper spools.
1 keg olives, 3 bxs insulators, 10 rolls matting.
San Pedro— l3 bxs lemons, 20 bbls 8 kits salt
mackerel.
Ventura— l bbl vinegar, 74" bxs oranges. 168
pkgs mdse, 26 bxs lemons, 1 cs dry goods. 35 aks
beans, 7 cs honey.
Caroenterla— 4 pk3s mdse, 4 sks walnuts.
Santa Barbara— l 36 pkgs mdse, 2 pkgs hardware,
S bxs tis'.i, 1 ci mdse, 113 bxs lemons.
Uaviota— 4 bxs butter. 1 bdl dry fish.
Port Harford— l2 pkgs mdse, 23 cs eggs, 12%
bxs butter. 3 dressed calves, 1 keg wine.
Santa Maria— l27B sks mustard. - 5 '
' Cayucos— % bbl 2 tubs 60 bxs butter. 6cs eggs.
1 coop chickens, 76 sks abalone shells, 1 pkg
whalebone, 1 bx shells, 32 pkgs mdse, 3 dressed
calves. . . -.
San Simeon— l cs honey. 1 cs eggs, 53 ska she:is,
5 bales seaweed, V tub) 41 bxs butter, 1 bbl tallow,
3 dressed calves, 3 bdls dry hides, 26 pkgs mdse.
LOMPOC— Per Bonlta— 23 pkgs mdse, 1 bx no.
25 bales seaweed. 50 sks abalone shells, 1? cs eges.
76 bxs butter, 246 sks mustard, 665 sks beans, 180
sks dry earth, 4 bdU pulp, 18 cs honey.
. San Simeon— 9B hogs. ■• .
PORTLAND-Per State of California— l4B7 qr
sks «48 hf sks 1368 gunnies 2192 sks flour, 1023
sks wheat, 1200 aks m tils tuff, 238 sks bran, 113
sks oats, 2698 sks potatoes, 228 sks flaxseed, 399
steel rails, 603 pkgs furniture, 480 hides and pelti,
106 sks salt bides, 1833 pkgs paper.
' Astoria— 3Bß7 pkgs snoots, 162 sks oysters, V
pkgs express.
Consignees.
Per Bonlta— Standard Oil Co:Tlllmann & Bendel;
Wleland BrewlncCo: Buffalo Brewery; A Pallles:
HUruer. Biedhoff <fc sscbu!z:Wheaton, Breon & Co;
Brigham.Hoppe A Co: C E Whitney & Co ; Chas
Te.zen: Jos Wagner Mfc Co: Western Meat Co:
Dairymen's Union; Goodall, Perkins A Co: c E
Conner; WC Price Co: Gets Bros Co; Hills
Bros; JP Thomas. -
Per.st Pan I— Wilson & Baechtel; D Biagi it Co:
McDonough A Runyon; 1. Scatena <£ Co: Coats
Thread Co; Gould <t Jaudin: OE Whitney «t Co;
Gould Jaudin : P C Frederlckson; JJorto'n's De-
I ver/; M & C Mangels; Dodge, Sweeney ACo ; D
Uamburser A Co; W «fc J Sloane & Co: E B Beck
&Co: C C Pennell * Co; RE Bravo;. R E Bravo-
Murphy, Grant <fcCo: Macondray Bros <fc Lochard;
Willamette Pulp «fc Paper Co; Wetmore Bros; A W
Trusdell: . Le Count Bros; C Schwartz; Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Co; C Carpy & Co; Chalx
A Bernard: WicJ«nd Brewlne Co; 8 P Milling Co-
Allen A Lewis : L Steller: L Dinke'.splt*! & sons-
Hooper* Co: American Union Fish Co: Tavlor &
Tavlor A C Koney; Frederlcksburgßrewerr; A
Levy A Co; Calßottline Co:Wheaton, Breon A Co;
Philadelphia Brewery: Htlmer. Bredhoff AScfinls-
Mllanl & Co; • Dalton Bros; Enterprise Brewery'
M T Freltas* Co; Witzel <fc Baker; W Davis &
Son; Brigham, Hoppe & Co; li Kirchmann <t Co-
Western Meat Co: Standard Oil Co: W C Kennedy-
H Dutard; L D Stone <& Co: OB Smith Co- H H
battler; De Bernardl A Co: Marshall, Teggart & Co-
Getz Bros A Co; Hills Bros; Chicago Brewery- a*
Wyss; H Wuldeck; A H Wallace; A E Campbell
Ml«llavacc* Wine Co; Parker & Lacy: Cbfirlei
Per State of California— Clatsop Mill Co; Crown
Paper Co; Wells. Fargo A Co: Morgan Oyster Co-
M B Moragban: ME A Wagner: Sutton i; Bee be r
L-oernbecker Furniture Co: Bissini-er* Co- Kittle
A Co; Gould A Jaudin; Willamette Pulp A Paber
Co: Armour Packing Co: Murray Steinlmgen; A
Wllbelm A Son: Wolf <fc Son; Dalton Bros- JH
Cain & Co; H Uutard -. Heistand, Warner A Co- M m
P petels; Moore, Ferguson A Co; C J Leist & Co-*
Allen A Lewis: Geo Morrow & Co; F HlUena * On
cJomWe'iCo"* 00 : ***** * aon; *"U" U " '* <**
forLato Shipping Jnlelligenca See Fifteenth Poq^."RATS!" SAY THE
BRIGHT CO-EDS,
Ravenous Rodents Overrun
ning North Hall at
Berkeley.
"VARMINT" A PROBLEM.
Supposed to Browse on the Girl
Graduates' Lunch Crumbs
and Mirrors.
A "PIED PIPER" WANTED.
Large Class to Be Graduated From
the Berkeley High School.
Flowers for Nevada.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— The co-eds'
apartments in the basement of North ;Hall
at the State University are overrun with
an almost countless number of wood rats
and the janitors who are now making
their annual cleaning and scouring tour
of the building are in a deep quandary to
know how to exterminate these long
tailed rodents. Rats have made their ap
]>carance in the old wooden structure i
upon several occasions hitherto, but never
before to such an extent as to create more
than passing notice.
This time, however, they have come in
droves, in bands and in small armies, and
it looks as though there are more to follow.
How these file-tailed omnivori came to be
co numerous is a question of almost as
great concern as the one of how they shall
be put to death or driven hence. Still
another question is why they selected the
deserted room 3of the co-eds. To be sure
their quarters are much more commodious
and more elegantly fitted up than those of
the boys, for the boys have none at all,
and so this is not the reason.
The fact of the matter is that in the two
large rooms which the young women oc
cupy, at their leisure moments between
Tecitations, are literally strewn with pieces
of bread, slices of meat, munched apples,
bits of cake, cneese, napkins, towels, rub
bers, umbrellas, spoons, papers, fruit
glasses, hairp ins and pocket-mirrors. The
cheese, bread and meat, and the other
articles of food furnishes fattening pro
vender for the rats, and the towels, nap
kins, umbrellas and rubbers, ample hid
ing places and linings for their nests.
The rats are there, and it comes within
the line of duty of the janitors to get rid '
of them before the opening of the fall |
term, or there might be no co-eds at
Berkeley next college year.
To describe the condition of affairs in
the ladies' room it would take the myriad
minded and mighty Browning himself.
In his ''Pied Piper of Hamelin" might be
found words to describe the situation:
Bats!, they fought the dogs and killed the cats,
And bit the babies in the cradles,
And ate the'eheese out of the vats, ;';■'•'
And licked the soap from the cook's own ladles,
Split open the *.ez<i of.salted sprats.
Ma le nests ins :de men's Sunday hats
And even spoiled the women's chats - "*'k '
By drowning their speaking / ■ .
with shrieking and squeaking
In fnty different sharps and flats.
The head janitor, who was a soldier in
the Crimean War and a veteran in the
Civil War, suggests that half a dozen
gopher snakes be turned loose after tne
pests or that an invoice of terriers
from some bankrupt dog-show be given a
chance at the little animals so feared by
timid women. ■].?- -.■:,.•:
To use "Rough on Rats" would be to
have a quantity of dead animals beneath
the floor of the young womens' room, and
of course that would not do. No invoice
of dogs or snakes have yet arrived, and so
the rats go on in their joyous revelry
among the half-decayed leavings from the
festive lunch-baskets of the bright-eyed
co-eds.
Seventy-Two Will Graduate.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— The public
schools of Berkeley will close on Friday,
June 15. The last week will be occupied
with examinations and the closing exer
cises of the High School. In all grades,
from the fourth to the ninth, inclusive, all
pupils who are entitled to promotion on
their year's work will be dismissed on Fri
day afternoon, June 5. • The primary,
grades, first to third, inclusive, will be dis
missed on Thursday noon. The class day
exercises of the High School will take
place in Shattuck Hail Tuesday evening,
June -7.
On Thursday evening, June 9, the grad
uating exercises of the class of '96 will take
place at Shattuck Hall.
A class of seventy-two will be graduated
from the various courses .as follows:
Classical eight, literary twenty-five, sci
entific thirty-six, limited three. Of the
entire class over fifty are expected to enter
the university.
Slmonds-Theo Nuptial*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.-Instructor
E. H. Simonds of the department of min
ing at the State University was married
last evening to Miss Emma Thee of Fruit
vale. The ceremony took place at the
residence of the groom's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. John Simonds, on Charming way
Rev. Dr. McLean of Oakland officiating.
The wedding was a quiet one and brought
almost as much surprise by its suddenness
as the wedding of Fred H. Sears, another
university instructor, and Miss Mabel
Urmy last Tuesday afternoon. E. Car
penter of Berkeley acted as best man and
Miss Agnes Thee officiated as bridesmaid.
" After the wedding supper had been served
the young, couple, left for Portland and
other northern points on their honeymoon.
They will make their future home in
Berkeley.
Personal Mention.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.— President
Martin Kellogg of the State University
left for Suisun this morning, where be was
to attend the High School graduation ex
ercises to-night.
Professor and Mrs. Elmer E. Brown left
for Yoaemite this morning on a two
. months' trip.
Professor Setchell and Instructor Jepson
left yesterday for the Yosemite Valley.
Numbers of parties of students have
left for the valley within the Jast few days,
and still more are now preparing to do so.
Floral Tribute From Berkeley.'
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— A large
case of flowers from the gardens of Berke
ley has been sent to Nevada to be used in
the decorating of the soldiers' graves, to
morrow. They were sent to the posts and
corps at Reno by Mrs. McCleave, Mrs.
Hamlin and Mrs. W. C. Noack, having
been contributed by a large number of
donors. The expressage on the huge box,
alone, came to $7 50.
Witrniawiak I.ecturog i n Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.— Rev. Her
mann Warszawiak, superintendent of the
American Mission to the Jews, who is on
a preaching tour throughout the West,
lectured to a large audience to-night at
the new Presbyterian Church on the story
ofhis life, hit conversion and work.
Paul Revere Council Entertain*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— Paul
Revere Council No. 28, Junior Order U.
A. M., gave a musical and variety enter
tainment at Shattuck Hall this evening.
At the conclusion of the programme a
ball was given.
IT COST HIM DEARLY.
Ruedy Given the Fall Penalty for Sell
ins Liquor Without a License.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— When John
Ruedy appeared before Judge Greene to
day for sentence on the charge of selling
liquor without a license Attorney Garrity
made a plea for leniency, but it had little
effect
"The defendant is presumed to know
the law," said the court, "and when he
was detected in a violation, why did he
not plead guilty and throw himself upon
the mercy of the court? But no. He de
manded a trial and then appealed from
the verdict, putting the county to the ex
pense of a second trial. This conduct I
do not conceive to be consistent with good
citizenship. .
"This court can see no reason why
the defendant should receive any leniency.
His action has been that of willful resist
ance to the law. The judgment of the
court ia that John Ruedy pay a fine of
$100, the full penalty of the law, and in
default of payment lie is to be imprisoned
in the County Jail for one day for every
dollar remaining unDaid."
He was taken in custody by the Sheriff.
THE COUNT MISSING.
Mrs. Elizabeth Randol's Tales Regard
ing Her Daughter's Approaching:
Wedding to a Nobleman.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The numer
ous creditors of Mrs. Elizabeth Randol,
who recently filed a petition in insolvency,
are going to make things interesting for
her. The scheme was a new one in this
vicinity and succeeded remarkably well.
Mrs. Randol secured credit for more
than $5000 worth of goods, all of the finest
quality and highest price. The accommo
dating firms include many of the most
prominent on both sides of the bay. She
had enough silks, laces and satins to open
a store. . ' ...
Her scheme was to the effect that her
daughter was soon to wed a Russian count
with fabulous wealth. This Russian
count served tlie purpose and the trades
people were none the wiser until the lady
had reached the end of her rope and had
to appeal to the courts for relief from the
burdt-n of debt.
The creditors have chosen O. G. Heaton
assignee of the insolvent estate and hope
to be able to save a small dividend.
YOUNG LADY GRADUATES.
Receive Honors From the Con
vent of Our Lady of the
Sacred Heart.
Archbishop Riordan Presides at a Very
Interesting and Novel Enterta;n
ment by the Students.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The gradu-
I ating exercises of the Convent of Our Lady
of the Sacred Heart were held this after*
! noon in the music-room of that institu
-1 tion, which had been transformed into a
j perfect fairyland by the pupils and sisters.
The class colors were pink, white and
gold. Ribbons of satin and roseo of these
colors were worked into the decorations,
making a most striking effect.
The most unique and novel feature of
the decorations, however, was the plat
form. It was made to represent a cave in
rocks, from every nook and corner of
which was growing beautiful ferns of all
kinds and the trailing smilax. The room
was darkened and the cave lit with arti
ficial candles and fairy lamps.
This was a most delightful spot for the
center piece of the exercises, entitled "A.
Dream of Fair Women." Miss E. Corri
gan as the dreamer called up her life and
various characters she had met came be
fore her, and the audience in costume and
entertained them with appropriate selec
tions, which w*>re commented upon by
the dreamer. The characters came in
the following order: Mother Goose, M.
Lynch; 80-peep, Z. Robinson; Red Rid
! ing Hood. M. Butters; Cinderella, V. Dow-
I ney; fairy godmother, L. Atwood; May
I Queen, E. Hay ward; Mother of May
Queen, G. Burr; Gyt>sy Queen, G. Craib;
Portia, C. Bernard; Minnebaha, R. Hem
mingway: Highland Mary, M. Tennant;
I Evangeline, G. Burr; Apnt Samantha, M.
I Ennis; Ruth, Miss K. Dalton; Rebecca,
; Miss O. Bsmis; Mary Queen of Scots, Miss
■ M. Dougherty; Joan of Arc, 0. Ingle; Isa
j bella of Spain, Miss P. Lamy; St. Agnes,
Miss M. McCall, patroness of youth; St.
Catherine, Miss A. Prefontaine* patroness
of scholars; St. Monica, Miss M. Lynch,
J patroness of Christian mothers; maidens,
i the eraduates.
Archbishop Riordan presided during the
programme which opened with a piano
duet and in which three instruments were
used by six young ladies, as follows:
Misses D. Cool, E. Hayward, P. Lamy, Bi
ll. Sorley, M. Dougherty and X. Dalton.
The music class gave a vocal selection
after which a "Serenade Espagnole" was
rendered by the following mandolins: P.
Lamy, C. Bernard, D. Cool, M. P>nnis, G.
Craib, E. Burr; guitars, M. Dougherty, M.
Tennant, M. O'Lonuell; pianos, M. M.
Sorley, G. Burr; violin/A. Brady.
A band of little girls gave "The Frolic
of the Birds" in a most pleasing manner.
They adapted themselves to the piece most i
effectually. The three pianos were used
! in rendering "Esmani" by the same young I
ladies referred to before, and after another j
vocal selection portions of "Jtobin Hood"
were given by tho combination of man
dolins, piano and violin by the following —
Mandolins, D. Cool, P. Lamy, M. Enni3,
M. Tennant, E. Burr: piano, M. O'Con
nell, E. Hayward; violin, A. Brady.
The graduates read their essays last
evening before the school, faculty and as
sembled sisters. The essays and readers
were:
/Literature tho Index of a Nation's Life,"
Miss Grace Burr, Monterey; "Was the Middle
Age a Starless Night?" Miss Clophine Bernard,
Kern; "Athens and Spana, a Parallel," Miss
Katherine I>alton, Oakland; "Woman— the
New, the True," Miss Mamie Dougherty, San
Jose; "Age of Leo X," Miss Edna Havward
San Francisco; "Genesis and Geology," Miss
Philomene Lamy. Santa Fe, N. M.
Following the reading of the essays the
graduates were presented with the con
vent medal, pour special medals
were awarded as follows: Christian doc
trine, Philomene Lamy; excellence in
studies, Mamie Dougherty; application
Mabel O'Connell and Victoria Downey. '
School Vacation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28.— The mid
summer vacation of the public schools
commencing June 12, will extend over
seven weeks. No graduating exercises
will be held except at the Porter school
and these will be held on Friday, June 5!
EVENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Uappenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
OAKLAND OFFICE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, )
908 Broadway, May 29 {
The pupils at the Lincoln School had a dis
play of historical relics this afternoon in one
of the schoolrooms.
The assignee of A. C. Feifcrt, an insolvent
druggist, has been authorized to sell the stock
on fceventli and Myrtle streets.
Councils Nob. 8 anil 13 of the Yonng Men's
Institute will hold their annual excursion and
picnic at Laurel Grove, Contra Costa County
to-morrow. • *\
G. t. Cavell has been appointed adminis
trator of the estate of M. j. J'innegan who
died from Injuries received by being struck by
au Kighth-gtreet electric-car.
There seems to be very good reason to be
. ljeve if John Bernal, the assailant of Klciinrd
Foley, goes to trial for that offense ii will be
without the presence of the prosecutiap wit
ness. The whereabouts of Foley are now tan.
known. He is vaguely supposed to bo either
in Texas or Mexico.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
ALAMEDA'S FETE
CLOSES IN GLORY
The Two Days' Floral
Entertainment Was a
Success.
AN IDEAL MAY PICNIC.
"As You Like It" Played Under
the Trees and Calcium
Lights.
ROSALIND IN THE REAL WOODS
Dancing Around the Maypole— Prizes
for tha Boys' Bicycle
Parade.
Thongh the skies were dark and lower
ing yesterday the grounds of the Alamada
floral fete en its last day were bright with
color and the bloom of Fairyland. The
pretty little park, with its evergreen and
its smooth, grassy levels, is an ideal place
for a picnic. It is the private grounds of
Captain R. R. Thompson, one of the En
cinal city's prominent citizens, lent to the
Woman's Relief Association for the noble
purpose of charity. The owner once lived
there, but a fire a few years ago destroyed
the splendid residence, which has never
been rebuilt. Luxuriant vegetation has
hidden the traces of ruin, and the hand
some garden resort is complete.
Among the shrubbery the marble
statues that escaped the conflagration
eleam whitely on their pedestals. One is
Flora, the presiding and graceful genius of
the place, who looks out upon the flowery
bowers where summer-gowned girls con
gregate.
The Woman's Exchange and Relief
Society of Alameda is a very worthy asso
ciation, and was formed for the object of
assisting deserving poor people who are
unable to help themselves and to find em
ployment for households in distress. The
prominent ladies interested in the society
are as follows:
Officers— Mrs. E. Minor Smith, president*
Mrs. E. H. Montell, first vice-president; Mrs.
R. Frank Clark, second vice-president; Miss
Ida SDencer, treasurer; Mrs. W. H. Souther,
secretary; Mrs. J. Rathgeb, corresponding sec
retary.
Board of directors— Mrs. R. Frank Clark
(chairman), Mrs. E. H. Montell, Mrs. George H.
Waggoner, Mrs. S. A. O'Neil, Mrs. E. Minor !
Smith, Mrs. A. O. Gott, Miss Ida Spencer, Mrs I
J. Knthgeb, Mrs. George R. Rossiter, Mrs. W.
H. Souther, Mrs. T. P. Winter.
RelU-f committee— Mr?. S. A. O'Neil, presi
dent; Mrs. T. P. Winter, vice-president; Mrs.
A. O. Gott, treasurer; Mrs. J. Kathgeb, secre
tary.
The cloudy weather has kept the floral
decorations as fresh as when they were
first placed there, and yesterday the park
looked its prettiest. The booths, where
fruits and ices -were sold by the fair young
maidens of Flora, were crowded with visi-.
tors, and on the green plats little children
played in true May-time gayety.
In the afternoon the juvenile bicycle pa
rade took place. Each youngster's wheel
was prettily and ingeniously decorated
with flowers and ribbons. Most of the
riders carried flower-covered umbrellas,
though the absence of the sun made an
awning hardly necessary. The following
prizes were awarded to the best decorated
wheel:
First prize, silver medal— Adolph Lelncke
Third prize, bicycle lamp— Clifford Burry
Third prize— L. B. Ramsdel. Fourth prize-
Leon David. Fifth prize— Fred Heuer.
The maypole dance, in whi«h a number
of little boys and girls took part, came off
later in the afternoon. The young folks,
becomlnpiv dressed, grasrjing the long red
and wite ribbons suspended from the tip
of the pole, tripped over the green sward
as the Presidio band played the pretty
"Over Sticks and Over Stones" spirited
melody.
In the evening the ever beantifnl wood
land drama, "As You Like It," was played
under the oak trees. The strong calcium
lisiht eleanied adown the leafy avenues
making the miniature Fortst of Arden a
scene of exquisite beauty. In an ordinary
theater amonir canvas trees and painted
foliage the old play is ever an entertain
ment, but in a real wood amid the deep
sylvan shades the rendition is nearly per
fection.
The performers, under the training of
Mme. Julia Melville-Snyder, were thorough
in their roles and the singing of the melo
dies, "What shall he have who killed the
deer" and "Under the Greenwood Tree"
Dy the Knickerbocker quartet was excel
lent. Miss Georgie Elliot's playing of
Rosalind was fully up to her performance
of the role at Sutro heights several
months ago.
Memorial Hay.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 29.— Memorial
day will be observed with a parade at 10
j a. m.. exercises at Mountain View Cemetery
: at 12:30 and a patriotic programme in the
j First Methodist Church in the evening at
8 o'clock.
I The orator of tho evening will be Colonel
H. D. Taicott, who left Union College in
1862, when barely 18, to accept the appoint
ment of adjutant of the One Hundred and
Tenth New YorK Regiment. He served
in Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina
Phjl W/SLSH Vice Pres.;
OFFICERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
.7 OAKLAND, ; Cal., liar 29.- The Young Men's Republican League of Alntneila County will cut a prominent figure in
tho coming campaign. It has Just been organised and Its scope of service embrace* active work in every township in
the county. The officers are: J r W. Stetson, president; Phil M. "Walsh, first vice-president; Maraton Campbell, second
vice-president; J. V. Cronln, treasurer; W. I>. Powers, Secretary; James Brannan and L.. Williams, sergeants-at-arms.
and through the Port Hudson and Red
River campaign, and in 1861 left the army
by reason of wounds and illness contracted
in the line of duty when assistant adju
tant-general. He returned to Union Col
lege and completed his course and was
admitted to the bar.
PRODUCERS' EXPOSITION
Committees Named and the Work Will
Now Be Pushed to a Successful
Completion.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The exposi
tion directors have decided to secure th" 4
buildings and grounds at Harrison and
Tweltth streets for a term of six weeks from
July 15 for the second annual exposition
of the manufactures and products of Ala
meda County. The first two weeks will be
needed to place the exhibits, and the ex
position will open August 3.
The committees have been appointed as
follows:
Finance and auditing— Messrs. Gier, Roeth
and Trowbridjre.
Building and machinery— Booth, Buswell
and Roeth.
Space, concessions and exhibits — Splnrs,
Shsirp and Bell.
Tickets and admissions— Trowbridge, Bell
and Spiars.
Press, advertising and rules— Bell, Buswell
and Booth.
Awards— Becker, Keller and Bell.
Horticulture and agriculture— A. D. Pry#.l,
with power to appoint two associates.
Viticulture— Theo Gier, wi.th power to ap
point two associates.
Fine erts— R. D. Yelland, with power to ap
point associates.
Decorations— Mrs. C. D. Pierce, with power
to appoint nine associates.
Programme— Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge, with
power to appoint associates.
Reception— Buswell, with power to appoint
associates.
The board of directors of the California
Cotton-mills, which had one of the most
attractive displays last year, will be re
quested to repeat it again this year.
The Ebell Society, the Alameda County
Writers-C lub, the Merchants' Exchange
and the Board of Trade will be invited to
assist in making the exposition a success.
The directors will meet Thursday even
ings hereafter.
Numerous Judgment).
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— Decrees of
foreclosure on mortgages were granted to
day against J. D. Smith of Livermore as
follows: One in Livermore, for sl3,ooo prin
cipal, $5197 53 interest and $500 counsel
fees; S. C. Crane, $3790 principal, $376 47
interest and $100 counsel fees; W. W. Ros
siter, $2000 principal, $649 98 interest and
$150 counsel fees; J. W. Doub!eday,sl4l 81
principal ana $10 44 interest. The proof
of J. A. Blitz was continued until June 1.
Smith is a well-known fruit-grower^and
has done much to develop the resources
of Livermore Valley.
Sherman Shocked.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 29.— E. Allen
Sherman Jr., a well-known young attor
ney of this city, had a novel experience
with the telephone yesterday at an early
hour. He awoke to Bud it afire, and in
attempting to extinguish it he succeeded
111 getting sufficient electricity into him to
lay him out on the floor. It was found
that an electric wire had crossed the tele
phone wire and caused the instrument to
burn out. No damage was done, and he
is about as usual to-day.
Two Serious Charges.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 29.— James Mul
len is booked at the City Prison on a
charge of attempted robbery and battery
upon Morris Holland, a saloon-keeper.
Tii'e latter claims Mullen and a partner
held him up shortly after midnight this
morning, and, finding 'nothing, gave him
a beating.
I'loneer's Death. ■•*
•OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— William
Baxter, who came to this city in 1853, died
at his home, 1419 Myrtle street, this morn
ing from kidney troubles that had both
ered him for many years. He was a native
of New York, 71 years of age.
Earthquake at Mir*.
NILES. Cal., May 29.— An unsusual
storm passed over Niles this morning
at about 3:30 o'clock, accompanied by a
very heavy hailstorm. The hailstones
were as larpe as cherries, doing a great
amount of damage to the apricot and
peach crop. Shortly after the storm a
slight earthquake shock was felt.
John W.-^tetso/m P*,e,s>
yy|; O^pbell .2=-°V«ce P*,£s.
NO PLACE FOR POOR MEN
Oaklanders in Alaska Will Soon
Be Hunting for a
Meal.
Plenty of Everything in the Northern
Country Except the El Doradan
Mines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, May 29. >
The Oaklanders who went to Alaska to
get the benefit of sure things that were
located by others seem to be meeting with
everything but gold.
H. P<snnock, manager of the Boston and
Alaska Mining Company, and Dr. C. H.
Walker have just returned, and they unite
in saying that it is a bart place to go to lor
people who have not some money.
"We arc 10 return in a few days," said
Dr. Walker to-day, "and the prospects for
a good summer's work are very fine. The
snowis off the ground and the harbor at
Coal Point is free of ice, although ihere is
plenty of it all around. Our camp is
known as Brayman, some distance up from
headquarters. The company has the Gen
eral Canby as a messenger and passenger
boat to carry material and men. Work
was begun about three weeks ago on the
ditch to carry water. It will be two and a
half miles long and will furnish power for
hydraulic mining if needed. Dr. B. W.
Rogers went up to the camp the day we
left.
"While the doctor was at Coal Bay he
was able to be very useful. He found
Captain O'Brien of the Utopia in a dying
condition from a tumor in his side. He
performed an operation and remoTed the
I tumor, and when we let the captain was
j well on the road to recovery. This was
the first surgical operation in that vicinity
and it aroused much interest.
"Dr. Dunn and his party of Oaklanders,
including Touhy, Dutton. Alexander and
others, started for their camp just as we
left. They went to Six-mile and Resur
rection creeks. Both are full o! ice and
the ground covered with snow. All the
Oakland boys in both parties were well
and contented and confident of ultimate
success. Many have gone in there this
spring, however, that will suffer before
they get out. I believe that men will be
working for their board within a month,
and be glad to get it."
Superintendent Pennock says ho came
down on business. "We have located
2000 acres of gravel claims and we now
have four prospecting parties out, each in
charge of an expert gravel-miner. There
is no other gold-mining within seventy
five miles of ours. The gravel is said to
be extra tine, and we shall do well. I do
not mean by this to encourage a lot of
people to rush to Alaska who have no
money. We went there prepared for any
thing and we have money to work with.
There are many there now who will suffer
a good deal before they can get home.
Alaska wants to be well considered by
strangers before flocking there. 1 '
ST, MARY'S GRADUATES,
College Men Upon Whom Was
Conferred a Notable De
gree of Honor.
Archbishop Riordan Was Present
With Many Clergy— Full List of
the Successful Students.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 29. \
The annual commencement of St.
Mary's College was held this evening at
the Macdonough Theater. StaniUng
room was a-t a premium, the house being
packed to the dome by an enthusiastic
audience of relatives and friends of the
young graduates.
In one box sat Archbishop Riordan of
this diocese accompanied by his private
secretary Rev. P. E." Mulligan, one ot St.
Mary's alumni. With them were Rev. J.
J. Sullivan of Alameda, Rev. M. D. Con
nelly of San Francisco. Rev. C. E. O'Neill
of >ovato and Rev. Thomas McSweeney,
Rev. J. B. McNally and Rev. L. Serda of
this city.
Brother Bettelin, president of the board
ot directors, and Brother Walter, president
of the faculty of St. Mary's, occupied an
other box with the full "corps of teachers
from tliat institution. The other boxes
were rilled with prominent people of the
city. The exercises opened with a selec
tion by the college orchestra, after which
John F. Sullivan delivered an oration on
"A Historic Naval Vessel."
J. W. Bolen, G. E. Hayward, R. G.
Drady and H. J. Swords as a vocal quartet
were followed by J. Edward Taylor's ora
tion, "Labor and Legislation. !> A piano
duet by James J. Sweeney and Joseph If.
O'Doni.ell preceded Maurice J. Keely,
whose oration was en the "Church
and State." "Catholics in Our His
tory" was William A. Kelly's subject
after the quartet had rendered "Believe
Me." "The Christian Mother" was J.
Henry Long's subject. A vocal duet by
John L. Javnet and J. W. Solen was fol
lowed by Henry J. Swords on "American
Citizenship." A vocal solo and quartet,
"The Bugler," was followed by Joseph M.
O'Donnell's oration, "Heroism of the Sis
terhood." A double quartet, consisting of
Messrs. J. W. Solen, R. G. Drady, J. L.
Taaffe, H. J. Swords, W. J. Rattigan, G.
E. Hayward, J. A. Cooney and J. F. Sulli
van, sang "Anchored," after which John
L. Javnet gave his oration, "The World's
Unrest." After a selection by the orches
tra came the conferring of degrees.
Degrees were conferred as follows:
Master of Arts— Stephen Leslie Sullivan, A.8.,
'93, LL.B., Berkeley, Cal.
Bachelor of Arts— Maurice St. John Kiely,
Grass Valley, Cal.; Joseph Martin O'Donnell,
Hollister, Cal.; William Albert Kelly, San
Francisco, Cal.; Hugh Joseph Mclsaac, Ni
casio', Cal. ; Johu Louis Jauact, San Francisco,
Cal.; James George Sweeney. Carson, New;
Johu Lawrence Taaffe, San Francisco, Cal.;
Francis James Kichardson, Portland, Or. ;
George Matthew I awar, San Rafael, Cal.
Bachelor of Science— Henry James Swords,
Crescent City, Cal.; Jamea Edward Taylor,
Weaverville, Cal.; Aloysius Paul Mallon, San
Francisco, Cal.; James Henry Long, Oakland,
Cal.; Louis Victor Brignole, Sutter CreeK, Cal.;
John Francis Sullivan, Towle, Cal.; Peter John
tioracco, Sutter Creek, Cal.
Honor medals were awarded as follows:
The Archbishop's gold medal for religious in
struction (founded by Moat Rev. P. W. Rior
dan, Archishop of San Francisco), Joseph M.
O'Donneil; next in merit, Henry J. Swords;
third place, Maurice J. Kiely.
The Justin gold medal, for the best competi
tive examination .in «nc:ent classics (founded
by the Key. clergy of the Archdiocese of Sau
Francisco), Maurice J. Kiely; next in merit,
Joseph M. O'Donnell; third place. John L.
Jaunet.
The alumni gold medal, for the best English
essay (founded by tho Alumni Association of
St. Mary's College), Hugh J. Mclsaac.
Institute Service*.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— Requiem
mass will be offered to the memory of de
ceased members of Oakland Council No. 6,
Y. M. L. to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock
in the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion, corner Eighth and Jefferson streets.
All members of the order or frienda are in
vited to be present to take part in this
service.
GATES ON THE TRAINS.
Southern Pacific Trains to Be Armed
With Screens Against Alameda
Patrons.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 29.— The South
ern Pacific Company is going to put gates
on the local trains, with a view of collect
ing the last nickel from the people who
have to travel on the cars. This time, after
repeated warnings, the gates are to be a
certainty, consequently Park-«treet busi
ness people are up in arms against the
railroad company.
When the railway strike was on two
years, ago, it is said, the railway authorities
promised that Alamedans should always
have the privilege of free riding on the
local trains, on account of the stand the
citizens took in the matter.
If the gates invented by Manager Krutt
schnitt are put on it is contended that free
riding will be a thing of the past.
From San Francisco It was learned that
the gates will ba put on next Monday.
The railway men hero are mute on the
subject, and will neither deny nor confirm
the story. Anyhow, a fight will be made
against the gates.
HAS REACTED A LITTLE.
Vice-Consul J. F. Todd on the
Odd Phases of Life in
Guatemala.
Exchange Is Pbencm?mlly High and
Gold Worth $1 50 and More— A Big
August Coff.e Crop.
United States Vice-Consul J. if. Todd of
Guatemala, who has been in Guatemala
four years, and who was for twenty-five
years a resident of San Francisco, is at the
Lick.
Mr. Todd says there has been a great
era of prosperity in Guatemala, but it is
slowing down a little.now, like a town that
has been booming ; the coffee crop promises
to be much bigger than last year. It will
be gathered in August.
"A great deal of money has been made
down there during the last two or three
years," he said. "Everything was away
ud, and shares and stocks were liigh.
You couldn't start a bank or go into any
thing of that kind but the shares would
go 20 or 30 per cent above par almost at
once. Business has reacted a little now.
"Exchange is very high in Guatemala.
It is worth $2 18 to the $100. At the same
time American gold is worth $1 40 to $1 50,
and even more. It is worth whatever you
can get for it.
"But there is very little gold there, and
about all they have is used for trading in
connection with the Pacific Mail steamers.
"I just received word to-day that Gen
eral P. M. B. Younz of Georgia, the Min
ister from the United States to Guatemala,
would start for home via New York in a
few days. He is going on the usual leave
of absence. The health of an American ia
not very good there after a time. The al
titude is great, and a change is needed.
"I look for a great deal of money to be
made in coffee this year, for the crop prom
ises sDlendidly. Last year the growers
thought they would have a big crop, but
they were disappointed.
'•President Barrios is doing all he can
for the country. He is building the rail
road across from the Atlantic side, and is
getting along pretty well with it. The
work is not going as fast as he would like,
however, but he will complete the road in
good time."
Vice-Consul Todd will be in California
for several months before ret u mine to
Guatemala.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KK.IRXV ST. Established
( in I 83» for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind an d
Skin Diseases. Tup doctor cures when
others fall. .Try him. Charges low.
<'urc*(rnnr»nf*-<-<J. Callorwrite.
jar. J. fe-. uIBBOSf, Box 1957, San Francisco.
fALLEJO. MR iSI, i.\i>. 'ffIVM, PORT
COSTA All CROCKETT.
•-■■■. STK. MOXTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o *. »
and •*.*.; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Hi
■ „ Sunday— s P. x. - •
•4*. iconly. . .
landing, illusion 1, Fl«r *.
Auction Sales
ORIENTAL CURIOS. "
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEARKY ST.
THIS DAY.
Saturday May 30. 1898,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex 8. S. China.
opened and now on sain, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental good 3, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Broomea, Kagu Sut3urna,A.wiita,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochi, etc., etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at '2 p. St. Uhatrs for the ladles.
■ i\ T. KEELAK. Auctioneer. '
GROCERY AUCTION.
THIS DAY, Saturday May 30, 1896,
■. -, At 11 o'clock a. m.. at. •
1017 Valencia St., Near Twenty-Second.
FRANK W. BUTTKKMKI,!), Auctioneer,
19 Montiromirv ttrpft
"©hi:
A smart Broadway, New
I \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
OCBA» OTgAMSHTPg;
ASTORIA AMR™
$2.50 Second Class; $5 First Class, .
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED. •
time of California sails... ...June 2, 12 and 33
Columbia sails... June 7, 17 and '11
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
" UUOJJALL, PERKINS CO., GenL EaptS.
X*. V. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPMI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
aE^ix-art Olasa &Q.OO
Second Class 65 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — few Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS <& CO.,
' ° General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM AtA
Broadway wharf, Kan Francisco, as jfifi
follows: .
For. Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangal, Jnneaa, KU-
Usnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at U a. m., May li.
29. June 3, 13, 18, -iS.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.' A nacortes and New
Wliatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. v.
May 4. 9. 14, 18, 24. 29. and every flftb
day thereafter, connecting . at . Vancouver - wlta
the C. I*. ;K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wltU
Alaska steamers. '
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hun>
bold. Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. if., May.l, 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gar iota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Saa Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., May
8, 7. 11, IS, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. T
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port . Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. M.. May 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21« 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter. •
lor Knseuada, Ran Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz. Alfata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. k., June 1, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
after.
Tit-set office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <£ CO., Genl Agent*,
• 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, tLv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 >»
AUSTRALIA. \/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
8. S. AI AMc.ua sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, June 25,
at 'I p. m.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. "
J. D. BPRECKELB & BROS. CO., Agts.,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL T RMSATLAHTKJOB
French Lin«> to Havre.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by A*?|_
\J River, foot of Morton st Travelers by ££dfflf
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel. In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Kgypc, via P*ri*
unst-ciass $l(iO: second-class, 911&
LA TOURAIXE, Capt. Bantelll....May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NOR.MANDIE ..........May '-'S, 8 A. K.
LA GASCOUNE Jn • 'JO. 7 A. M.
LA KOKMAIs'UIt.....^ July 4, 6 a.m.
LA GA6OOGNK. July 25, 11 a. M.
LA NOKMANDIK Ausnist 1. 5 a. st
LA BOUBGOONE. Capt. Leboeaf..June 6, 7 a. it.
Iff For further particulars apply to • •
■ - A. FORGET. Agent, •
'-- ■'■■"*«■ -^- No. 8 Bo«- 111 * Green, New York. .
J. T. FCQAZI « CO, Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Franclscc . .
«Bfr3Eft_K HAMBORG-AMERIC LNB
335E33E? TWIX-SCItEW EXPRESS
*=r-**i rJg. r^lS^' ■ Line from New York to •
Plymouth (London), Ch«-rbouK, i'arls & iiambur^
Columbia. June 4 A. Victoria. June 18
Norm annia.. ....June 11 | F. Bismarck.. ..June 25
I. Cab., $93 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of char,-*
byspecitil train; CIIKRBOUKG-PARIS.-61A h.
For passage apply to ! HAMBURG-AMERICAN
L1NE..37 Broadway, N. \., or to KAHN & HER-
ZOG. Agents. 401 California St.. San Franctsco.Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEADTPACIET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL A£f^
.. fortnightly for the West Indies and "58f168
Southampton, ' calling en ' route at ' C-rbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
- * Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall 3. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct port* in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton.. First class, 9195; third
class, ¥97 60. For further particulars apply to
... ... . PARROTT * CO., Agents,
■■•- ' . • 306 California st.
STOCKTOiITEAMERr
Leave Pier No.? 3, Washington St.,
■ At 5 v. Mi Daily.
: Sunday at 7V. M. : '
ftir Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. '
" -• ":•■■ BTKAMXB&:
T. C. Walker, J. I*. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton*
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co,
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
.- ; -.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Carlin A w, L Angeles E J Gavin, Los Angeles
L B Barnes, Los Angeles A G Sate, Los Angeles
A J Boweu, Springfield C H well, Tacoma .
E J Hathaway, spngfield R H Jones A w, Tacoma
Annie Downey, Portland 8" Young, Whatcom
G Reynolds, Victoria H Shawbut, Victoria
C Armstrong, Victoria R Hunt, Victoria
C Q Green, Victoria H Lunt, Chicago
E P Windsor. Chicago J H Rafferty, Chicago
T J Qnigley, Seattle J Ellis A w, San Andreas
L H .Mudc'o, Seattle H J Howard, Cal
S Edgmond, Forbestown G F Voight. Stockton
H OGreve. Milwaukee J Rottger, Fresno
G G Brayton, Allentown C Greenleaf, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W M Lennard. NY S W Van SyckeL N V
A Sink, New York W S Barnett Detroit
M s Stein Aw, Stockton Mrs M Marks, Stockton
Mrs - B Richmond, Cal Miss E Kenyon, Cal
G H Jessee, St Louis L M McElroy, Marshall
A W Yong Jr A «-. N V J ShOtOn, Red Bluff
.Mrs F A Lyoii, bacto Miss McAdams, Sacto
J J Jus ice, N V \V C Douglass. Missouri
F F Baggerty, Chicago Mrs W W Co.. ins, Napa
Mrs J Mattoon, Cal J A Scott, Chicago
J Gumperty, NY J C Fitzhenry, Cal
W X O'Brien, Cal J C Jones. Seattle
H Martin, New York J Miller. New York
F A Bonner, Selma Miss Watts, Louisiana
PALACE HOTEL.
T H Howe, N V Mrs T 11 Howe, N V
J P Tlfo, Stanford W Rupp Jr, Nauvoo
H t-ller. Pulaskl J W Finch Aw, N V
Miss Gunning, N V C-C Powning, Reno
B 0 Steinaman Aw, Sac E W Habard. Cal
T A More, Sia Barbara G F Barden, Springfield
W B Kerchoff. Los Ang J W Wolfskin, Los Ang
Mrs C W Comes, Chgo B W Wells Sr, US N "
M Heublelu, Globe A T Hosmer, Palo Alto
W M voi Hensen, NY J B Allen, Seattle
Mrs H D Underwood, P Blackmar, Chicago
Mare Island G C hunter, N V .
Mrs F Tory. San Rafael Miss Talllaferro, 8 Rafael
W C Payion, Santa Cruz P B Braser, Stockton
D T Rosenbaum, Stktn Mrs N Morse, Boston
Miss Morse. Boston Mr-M B \vh-elock,Boston
MrAMrsCAMorse.Bostn C E Bnckleton, Oakland
AHachambaugh.Leipsic
RUSS HOUSE."
H Cahill, Paso Robles J B Wlnsaip.^an Diego
A T Hills, Ast>ria T W Sargent, Salinas
G W Boggs, Tracy E P New-hall. Wash •
A C Caleb, Mont E P Cubberley.San Diego
T G Adams, Be:mont W Crichten, Laurel
H James, Laurel G Tesse, Laurel .-..V
E V Budane, Laurel H Jones, Santa Rosa
0 a Wallace, cal ," W B WlUey.Blue Canyon
G Taylor, Oakland R Sanderson A w. Oaklnd
J s Ransen, lowa " A T S;reau, Seattle
T M Brown, Eureka W E Hall, Fresno
A Rickson A w.Oakland W F Hughes A sn. Colo
C O Clark. Sisktyou T M Brown, Kurka - a-v';
M Peck, Eureka Mrs l»r Owner, Eureka
J Horrocks £ w, Utah Miss B E Kling, lowa
C C re.SHeramento Miss A Allen. lowa
J O'Brien, Sacramento C O Thurston. Petaluma
A Gerrisb, Sisklyou J F Richardson, Sacto
.1 i" I'l.ipp <fe w, Amador T W Bower. Idaho
W Downey. Raymond FNo fits, San L Obispo
• GRAND HOTEL,.
I)r Stephens, Petaluma C McLutb, X V
11 C Sacramento J A Gill, Sacramento
i. McKenzie. Denver L Moultpn. Colusa- .»- '
Mrs D V Frank, Cal Dr W Gibbons, Stockton
1. Hart, San Jose C A Judd, Los Angeles
W H Lang, Cal H Cohu, Cal
W Will«rd. Oakland • C Bacnelder, Oakland
E Hanson, Oakland W Morey, Sacramento
C W Patton, Oakdale J Jones, Tacoma
F L Coombs. Napa Mrs S Black, Nev ;
W R Morse, Neb J C Martin, Neb
Miss Shanery, San Jose Miss A Kstera. San Jose
C Hernandez, La J Craddock, Marysvtlle
J M Hale, Los Angeles J Gallagher. Fresno
G McCandless. Cal I B Carson, Tacoma
B M Webster, Tacoma J Spinney, Fresno
W Morrissey, Stccktoc; H W Mack, !st Louis
Mrs D shi-|>itrd, Chicago Miss Shepard, Cnicago
L Engel, N V J W Curran. Portland
J C Ruddock, Ukiah C Swafford A Helena
A D Graham, Chicago E B Hornung, Marysville
H O Uickox. San Jose D Milne &w, Pa ■
D Nash, San Jose N Wines, Santa Barbara
J Huntoon, Sacramento, L Wardl.-, Nev
D W Burchard, Sail Jose Miss J L Plum. Aurora
»- ♦ »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John J. Porsnerto A. C. Freeman, lots 5 to 8, block
l.Garaen t raot Homestead; $1.
C. A. and IdaU. Hooper to Kate S. Dunphy, lot
on Si; corner of Seventeenth and Uranus
E "JO. s tiri. W. 52, N 19 deg. 5a lulu., E 70, lot 8,
block X, I'aric Lane Trict. Map 3; $ia
Joseph L. and Caroline Wilson to Charles and
Catherine Herbst, lot on W ilne of Van Ness ave
nue, 30 N of Union street, S 30, W 70. NW 31, E
to beginning: $10.
Frederick C.\ Richard J. and George B Farmar
to Mary E. and Ada M. Farmar. lot on W line of
Stockton etreet. 69:8 S of Greenwich, S 22 by W
70; $1.
Mary E. and Ada M. Farmar to Roslna Lome' ti,
same: $10.
Mary o'Nell to Mary E. Soper, lot on SE line of
Heron street, 165 NE of Eighth, SE 20 by SE 80;
pi::.
Llllie strippel to Phillipina Gotler, lot on E line
of Elgen Park, 100 S of Herman, S 25 by E 75;
gift.
Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Pplivalo to Carrie O. and May Doane, undivided
half of lot on B line of Liberty street. 235 V\ of
Valencia, W 20, S 114. W 55. S 1, E 25, S 115, X
50. X 230: al«o undivided half of lot on S line of
liberty street, 275 W of Valencia, W 35 by S »5;
$10.
G. T. Knopf to Fortuna Rudolph, lot on N line nf
Twenty-first street, 25 E of Bryant avenue, E 26
by N t*B, subject to mortgage: SlO.
hrik Boes to X. Kasmussen, lot on W line of
Siecel street, 300 S of Blame, S '-'5 by W 140. gift
map 1; $10.
A . S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Diedrich Oelrlch,
lot 13. block A, Park Hill Homestead Association
No. •-': $5.
F. C. and Emma O. Jarvis to Howard S. Jarvis,
lot on W line of Cambndze street, 100 S of Way
land. S 100 by W 120, biock9s. University Home
stead: $5.
li. s. and Maria R. Jarvis to Pierre Menjou and
Pascal BellOcq. same: $10.
Mary a Duly to Albert and Annte Thompson,
lot on N line of Rutledge avenue, 106 E of Ala
bama. B 25 by N 100, Precita Valley lots 204 and
205; $10.
AI.AMEDA COCNTT.
J.A.Ambrose Sander to Elizabeth Ranrler, lot
SW corner of Willow and Pacific streets, W
231:11 5-12. SE 245. N 70:3 to beginning. Oak
land; $1000.
Tuomas C. and Julie E. Pedler to L. H. Morse,
lot on S line of Bu:ler avenue, 100 W of Uerzog
street, W 50 by S 150. lot 13, block 6. Butler
Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $10.
Matilda A. and J. E. Daly, Charles E., Mary E.
James E. and Annie E. White to Lizzie J. (wife of
John Hemphill), all interest in lots Ito 21, blc-k
D; lots 10 to 18. 24 to 35. 42, 43. 46 to 50, 59, 60,
61. 64, 65. block A : lots 10 to HO. 25 to 30, 32, H3,
42 to 65, block L; lots 6 to 15, 20 to 29. 32 and 33.
block Y. Hemphill tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Bertha C. Luja to F. Schlmmelpfennig. lots 15
and 16. block t, Knowles A Potter subdivision of
Kennedy tract, quitclaim deed, East Oakland; $5.
jLiuuisa Schlmmelpfennig to Henry A. Louia,
same, quitclaim deed. Kast Oakland. $5.
\\ illiam B. Doollttle to Martha E. DoolitUe, lot
on SK line of Locksley avenue, 183 SW of Clinton
street, SW 50 by SE 100, being lot 85, Locksley
Sfjiiiire, Oakland Township; gift.
Harvey s. and Laura s. Huseitine to Jacob and
K.itliarina Kollmer, lot 63, University Villa Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Julius Bredhoff to Charles and Henry Bredhoff.
all interest in lot on S line of Sixth street, 76 sV of
Grove. \V 75 by B 100, being lots 12, 13 and 14.
block 50, Oakland; $10.
Jacob Jenne to David M. Baxter, lot on NE line
of Kast Nineteenth street, 75 8K of Twenty-second
avnue, SE 27 by NE 140, being lot 4 ami 2 feet
lot 5.' block 65. San Antonio (qcitclaimdeed), East
Katharine V. Klinkner (executrix of estate of
Charles A. Klinkner) to Anna E. Ktorm. lot 12,
block 11. Herzog Tract. Oakland Township: $275.
Henry Z. and Sarah Si. Jones to Alexander Fer
guson, lot on NW line of Over street, 12 SSW of
Penninian avenue, SW 60 by N W 100, being lots
10 and U,. block 4. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever;
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 O'clock.
CHUKCH NOTICES.
I^^^H^wTß^^S^^L^ET^T^ljßTriT^^K^
&-•»' tw.-en Second and Third- streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D D .
pastor; Martin Scbnltz, musical director; W. F.
Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent Hours of
public services 11 a. 11. and 7:45 p. v. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
Ing. Epworth League 6:46 Sunday evening.
Morning subject. "In Remembrance of Me." Even-
ing subject, "The Horrors of a Week, and The End
of the World." It Is hoped that Mrs. Martin
Srhuttz will be present and sing a solo In the even-
ing. Telephone black 961. ;
GRACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
*-*' Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sta.—
Rev. -M. F. Coiburn, pastor. Preaching ny the
pastor morning and evening. Boys' Brigade Bible
class at 10 a. m., led by W. D. Klngsbury. Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. by the pastor: subj ct, *'Wock Out
Your Own Salvation." Sunday-school at 2 p. 11..
C. W. Mark, superintendent. All are wel-
come. Parents, come and bring the children.
Class-meeting at 6:30 p.m., led by Brother James
P.enivick: praise service at 7:30 p. . M., led by
Brother Robert Husband. Preaching by the pastor
at 7:45 p. M. ; aubiect, "The Little Bible, or the
Creed of the Three Parables." Everybody wel-
come; seats free. -.'.-..' . .".
B^Sr* SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
«— Episcopal church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309. Halght street Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. At 11 a. m. by the pastor; subject:
•'The Sure Foundation." At 7:45 p. x.. preach-
ing by E. A. t.irvin. Sunday-school at 12:80
p. M.. C. B. Perkins superintendent: Epworth
League at 6:45 p. *c. The public cordially Invited
to all the services of this church. Seats free
Ushers tendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45 o'clock. • ... ■. % ,._.'/
jt3S= CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHURCH.^
E»>J^- corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hemphlll, D.D., pastor,. will preach atll a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Topic lor evening. ."A Trumpet Call
to a Larger Lite." "Morning music: '"Te Deum"
No i 6 (Mospnlhal): offertory, alto solo, "Only
Walt" (llripgs), Miss Jeanetle Wilcox. Evening
music: "Benedic Anima" (Dudley Buck); offer-
tory, ''Hear My 1 rayer" . (Southard), solos and
quartet. : Chil iron may be presented for baptism
at the bcglnn> iik of the morning service. All are
cord lull v invited. ■ ■. :■ .■ . /'. ■ •
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
■SB" KING SOLOMON'S LODGE Na^a"
t&r 260, F. and A. M.— The officers and A,
members are hereby notified to atteiid the If Jr
funeral of Brother WILLIAM CALNAN. /V>
late a member of Virginia Lodge No. 3, Virginia,
Nev., on SUNDAY, May 31»at 1 p. it., from the
Masonic Temple. Funeral committee of other
lodges take notice. By order of the Master. ■
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
H^ss=» CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. Ii
m^& and A. M.— Officers and members. _^V
are requested to attend the funeral of our'Jf Jf
late brother, J. H. HURD, on SATURDAY, f^r^
May 30. at 1:30 P. m., from Masonic Temple. By
order of the W. M. H. FOItTBIEDiS, Sec
OFFICERS AND MEMBERS -Wit—
R-^ of Franco Lodge No. 207. 1. O.
0. . F.. are requested to meet in their -?S?jBRS?
hall on SUNDAY, May 31,1896, at "^vn^**
10:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of the late
brother, L. JUZIX. By order of
T. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavinguk, Secretary.
irrsf* IRISHMEN, AT i X STIUN!
a^-S' The annual picnic and games of vXwjT
Division No. 10, A. O. H. of A., will take «AVj!
place at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, on ccv/;?
SATURDAY, May 30 (Decoration day). J^fe*
Tickets, round trio. Including admission to park,
adults 50c, children under 12 years of age 26c.
JNO. P. O'CONNELL, President.
Jno. H. Doi.an, Rec Sec.
»^gr* THIRTIETH GRAND AN^T~Cy~Z~
cF-£^ nual gathering and tames of the 3i. Ul£J
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley, SATURDAY, May 30. A >=_«*
most interesting programme, including uU ancient
Scottish feats of strength nnd skill and other ex-
citing new events. A handsome banner will be
presented to the winning team in the relay race
between the high school boys of San Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part
Coin to the amount of $3000 and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the successful com-
petitors on tha grounds. Music and dancing in
two lartfe pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for Shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 60c, children 25c.
D. R. MCNEILL. Chief.
J. H. Duncan, Secretary.
•£-»» REV. J.Q. A. HENRY WILL LECTURE
**JB? under the auspices of the Good Citizenship
Committee at Metropolitan Temple SATURDAY,
May 30, at Bp. m. Subject, "The New Emancipa-
tion Proclamation."
mpS' REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT ASSO-
Br-c? elation.— The fourth annual picnic of this
society will take place at Shell Mound Park on
SUNDAY, August 2, 1896. Bids for music will
be received by P. Donovan, 202 Fifth st, until
June 11. . J. W. MAHONEY, Secretary.
ap^p NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
"-C. ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the '.'d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11 a. it., at the office of the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such oilier business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRKCKELS, President.
W. S. Lkakk, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal.. May 15. 1896.
■fr3S»~A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
3626^ WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, lor mailing.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
j^ c7j£l3^TToS™c6n 235
1S~&_ Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
g?~?*. BAD TENANTS EJECTED .FOR $4;
VfcjS? collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montzy st,' room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
EsT HELP SECURED AT MRS. LAM-
BERT'S, 306 Mason st,
EDUCATED GERMAN LADY DESIRES PO-
sition In widower's family or by an aged couple;
same Is saving and understands housekeeping,
sewing and cooking thoroughly. Address E. 1-.,
box 6-_', Call Office.
YOUNG LADY, A STANFORD- STUDENT,
X would like position as governess for the sum-
mer: best of references. For particulars address
A. L. BROWN. 413 Eddy st. *
OMPETIiNT, RELIABLE WOMAN WITH
\J Child 8 months old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and housework. Address L. C, box
34, Call Office.
\'OUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO CHAM-
-1 berwork In rooming-house, houswork or care
of child 3or 4 hours daily. Address J. M. t box 72,
this office. • ' ■ •
■yOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X to do housework by the day, week or month.
7131 Clementina at., near Eighth, in rear.
YOUNU GIRL WiSHtS SITUATION IN
X store; some experience; good references. Ad-
dress b. L., box 58, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WANTS POSI-
O tion to do any kind of light work. Address S.
B. A., box 58, Call Office.
VOL* GIRL 16 YEARS OLD WANTS SIT-
X uation to co to the country with an old couple.
Apply 732 Natoma at
yOUXG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X light housework or to take care of baby. Ap-
ply 732 Natoma st .'.■•. i'-
UrOMAN AND grown DAUG.HTER
»» waul housework in any capacity; no objec-
tions to the country. Apply 632 Eddy st.
AN TED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
»» companion or nurse to a. lady: domesticated
and fond of children. Address E. 8., box 73, Call.
Y"o'l".Mi Gl-.RMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to do cooicing: and geieral housework In
private family. Inquire New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye.
YouV ou - V « COLORED WOMAN WANTS TO DO
X gentlemen's mending. Add. Y. C, box 109, Call.
IRST-CLASB SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
-f-wing by day with dressmaker. Call at 428
Natoma st . •
EFINED WIDOW, GOOD COOK. WISHES A
X\j position as housekeeper, or would take charge
of a rooming-house. Call or address Housekeeper,
421 Eddy st., lower fiat
"IT'LDERi.Y AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES
XJ housework and cooKing for small family; no
objection to country. Call 230 Eleventh st. . -; v
SITUATI< 'is' WANTED BY A YOUNG GIRL
for general housework ; good cook; references.
Call for R.K., 615 Eighth St., Oakland.
rVERMAN "EMPLOYMENT OFFICE: BEST
VJ help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
OMAN WISHES WORK TO DO SMALL
*T washing and housecleanlng by the day.
1328% Natoma st.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLK-AOKD
O woman to care for elderly lady or gentleman,
or as housekeeper or child's nurse; none but re-
fined parties need apply: best of references given:
city or country. Address Prescott House, corner
Kearny and Pacific sts.
\\T ANTED— AS COOK OR LAUN-
*» dress by middle-aged woman: is good seam-
stress; not afraid to work; references. Address
T. H.. care Coffin's drugstore, corner Sixteenth
and Valencia sts.
PANI H LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
housekeeper or to take charge of invalid or
lodging-house. Call or address 150 Fourth St.,
room 12. • .
OUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to da Please call 917 Market st,
room 18. . .
p ERMAN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
vT working Housekeeper or do housework In
small family: references' given. Please call 259
Stevenson st. , bet. Third and Fourth. \
"DESPECTABLE . FRENCH SWISS PROTES-
XX tant, middle-aged, as housekeeper in small
family, good references. 125 Gcugh st
EFINED YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE
to go East as*companion or nurse for fare. Ad-
dress box 501, Berkeley.
THIRST -CLASS NUR-E WOULD GIVE HER
-T services as maid or nurse for fare and expenses
to the :-.ust or Europe. 'Addre&s A. C, box 45. ('all.
•V7-OU.NG LADY WISHES PLACE IN PRI-
X vate family: respectable Jewish family pre-
ferred. Call 448 Natoma st, near sixth.
/GERMAN WOMAN WANTS.WORK BY THE
VJ day: washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleventh st.
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework; is good cook and
laundress; not afraid of work. Call or address 214
Third St., room 51. • •
PROTESTANT LADY, WITH A CHILD OF 10
X years, wants position as working housekeeper
for widower, or bachelor; a good home the object
Address P. L., box 102, Call Office.
LADY WANTS A SITUATION AS HOUSE
J keeper; city preferred. Address or apply 120y 2
Geary st., room 15.
WINCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage tb and from the ferry.
"you NO LADY RECENTLY FROM THE
X East desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8, 472 Stevenson st
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — TH»
—C WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MAtE.
TO^T *" CO.^ aSINESE" A P ANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
Japan INTELLIGENCE office. 413
Stevenson at., bet Fifth and Sixth. .
HINKSK AN 11 JAPANKM-; EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414% O't'arrell; tel. K. 42&
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 840 Ch.y.
PC 1«. CuOlPo sin. >Ul'l'Llfc.!S COOKS; ALL
_. branches -.short notice. i4<.>earv. tel.Orant43.
T W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
tI . ment office. ' 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 31 48 Sutter: tel. Grant 30. !
QITUATION6 WANTED BY GERMAN COU-
O pie without children: wife as cook, housekeep-
er .or chambermaid; . man to take care of horses!
cattle and garden, or as porter; references Call
or address E., 319 Ellis st. .■■".,_
VI AX : AND .WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE"
I*JL man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle,: poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references
Address T. 8.. box 63. Call Office. «=ierences.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
TEADY YOUNG" 1 MARRIED MAN WISHES
k5 position sas porter or driver. ; Address S. E.,
box 28, this office.
"POSITION BY AN EXPERIENCED BOOK-
X keeper, stenographer and typewriter; best of
references. Address P. T., box 42, Call Office.
■JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WAN TS TO DO
O housework or wait on table. Address T. H.,
1606 Buchanan st ■
r\ ARDENER WISHES SITUATION: CAN
VT milk and take care of horses: references. Ad-
dress GARDENER, box 42, this office.
COTCHMAN, SHORT AND HOMELY, BUT
0 strong, sober and honest, would Hue work: un-
derstands care Of horses: good recommendations.
Address MUNCASTER. 68 Sacramento st. .
OTENOOR.IPER, EXPERIENCED IN LEUAL
iO and commercial work, desires position; per-
manent or temporary: references. Address S. P.,
box 89. Call 1 ffice.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS SITUATION TO
odo housework and cook in family. Address H.
N., 1001 Buchanan st [
L IRST-CLASS FRENCHMAN WANTS SITUA-
r tion asbedmaker; has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific st . ■
bAKER FOREMAN WISHES TO TAKE
IJ charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, call Office.
\\T A NTT D~~BY STRONG YOUNG MAN— PO-
»» sitlon In a wholesale* house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard worK Ad-
dress S. M., box 161. Call Office.
COACHMAN— SITUATION WANTED; UN-
Vj derstands thoroughly the care of horses, cows,
garden, etc.; also careful driver: city or country;
reference. Address C P., box 99, Call.
VOUKO MARRIED MAN, COMPOSITOR,
X speaking and writing English and German,
with small amount of money, wants position; is
not afraid to change his trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland Call Office.
"I7XPERIENCED wine-maker and eel-
Xli larman (German), for the past 10 years fore-
man In large California wineries, with first -class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office, Los Angeles.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6.per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage io and from the ferry.
" FEMALE HELP WANTED. *
ANTED— GERMAN NURSE. S2O; FRF.NCH
cook, $25: 2 Swedish cooks, $25: second girl
and sewing, $25; waitress, boarding-house, #20;
German cook. $25. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
C" Ol I .SMALL MOUNTAIN RESORT, FARE
1 paid, $25; cook, small hotel, city, $20: Ger-
man cook, city, $25; Protestant "<•<> >k, Shu Mateo,
$25: German or Scandinavian cook, $25: girls for
Alameda, Cloverdale, Cornwall and otbe- country
places, $15. C. R. HANsKN & CO., IJO Geary st
WANTED— COMPETENT NURSE FOR WO
*» children 10 go io New York and return, $25,
see lady here, references and experience necessary;
also a nurse to care for Infant to travel to Europe
and return, wages $20. Apply this morning to
MISSPLUNKETT, 424 Slitter St.
ANTED— aTnEAT'yOUNG WOMAN FOR
housework and cooking, American family, 3
crown persons, short distance from city, $20.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 Clay St. «
' AITRESS, SMALL RESTAURANT, NEAR
city, $15 and room; young woman, kitchen
work, .*'-•(>: and other places. MURRAY A
READY. 634 Clay st. '
\VT ANTED— 6 WAITRESSES AND CHAM-
*» bermaids, resorts and hotels, $20; Protestant
cook plain wash, $25; Protestant second girl, $20:
French nurse, $20; 3 cooks, German style, $25; 2
cooks. institution and boarding-house, $30 and $35,
and girls for cooking and housework. J. F. CROs-
I- TT A CO., 312 Sutter st.
3k.JiA.Mbth.MAll^. $20, ROOM. ETC., AND
wail some: 3 ludy Ironers, $30, $25 and $20
per month, board, etc., hotel work; pastry cook,
$30, room, etc.: waitress, $16, room, etc.: 3 wait-
resses, city, $20, room, etc.: waitress, $15, room,
etc.; waitress, ,$4 a week: girl for -ooardinK -house,
$12, room, etc.: 6 houseglrls, $20 to $25 per
month: 15 housegirls, $15 per month; 15 young
girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month: middle-aged
woman for nice family. Woodland. Cal. MAR-
TIN'S Employment Agency. 749 Market st.
IRST-CLAss GERMAN COOK, $25: CALL
early Saturday. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
ERMAN GjRL GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
VJ $20: call Saturday. MRS. LAMBERT, 806
Mason st. ■.■."•.=■ •
T\r ANTED— APPRENTICES FOR MILLIN-
'■ fry. German girl, family work; experienced
Miirtmaker: waitress, hotel, $20. COLUMBIA,
128 Fourth St. . . .
VOUNO GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
X housework: must be good plain cook; American
family. Call from 11 until 2, 812b Larkin st
YOUNG GIRL TO MIND BABY; GOOD
X home: wages $5 month. 1012 Jackson st,
between Mason and Taylor, lower flat
ANTED— A 1-EW BRIGHT LADIES TO
« " handle a rapid-selling article of large profits.
Call at -OSV2 Leavenworth st at 9:30 *. _
YY ANTED — A BRIGHT WOMAN WHO
*» knows how to sell; young gir s need not ap-
ply. Address M. M., box 89. Call Office.
FiTl TO WORK IN RESTAURANT; $10;
sleep home; no Sunday work. 524 Sixth si.
\\r ETNURSK APPLY DR. CM. O. LEVIBON.
1 1 606 Suiter st, from Ito3P. M.
\\r ANTED— YOUNU GIRL TO TAKE CARE
*» of baby. 11 Pearl st. ■.-.;;
VOUXG WOMAN TO ASSIST IN COOKING.
X 324 Larkin st.
0 1 NGOIRLFOR (iENBRA L HOUSEWORK
X and washing, wages $12. 41 Eleventh st. '
OUNG GIRL ASSIST WITH BABY 3
X years old. Call to-day. 9 and 12 a.m. 31 Fulton.
I/ I I RST-CLAS.-S WOMAN COOK FOR HOTEL,
X' and chambermaid. 615 Elgh h st, Oakland.
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 2821 Buchanan st.; call from 9to 12
p. if.
\\T ANTED-FIRST-CLASSCOOK FOR HOTEL.
*> W. t., box 18, Call Office.
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDREBSINO,
XJ manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post, r. 20.
VyjLL GIVE IN EXCHANGE FOR DRESS-
maklng a annny furnished room. 1214 Laguna.
COAT-FINISH ERB WANTED.~"64TMARKEf
\J street.
T ADY AGENTS: NEW INVENTION; CUT-
XJ ting- dresses taught 1 hour; rights for sale. 605
Fell st
A PPRENTICEB--SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
Jt\. Tnes. In dress cutting. .14 McAllister, room 67.
\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
»'A Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIKDRESsIMi. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10leasons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AN FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Ac:ulemv. 21 Powell st
MALE HELP WANTED. r ~~
WANTED —SA USAGE- mXkER~ Tor a"
*» country shop; $50 per month and found; must
be first class. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO.. «26
Clay st.
ANTED— NURSE'- FOR ASYLUM: MUST
" be acquainted with mental diseases: $30 and
found. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st
ANTED— COOK, SMALL COUNTRY
hotel, $:-5; barber, country shop; blacksmith,
country shop; butter-makers, $25; 3 milkers, $20:
6 farmers. $-'0 and $25; German young man about
bakery, $20 and found, and others. W. D. EWER
A CO., 626 Clay st. ■
iy ANTED-MAN TO MILK 8 TO 10 COWS,
»" make butter and do chores for nice place in
Sonoma County; good steady job at $20 per month
and board. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO.. 626
Clay at.
OA FARMERS FOR vineyards, farms"
01/ orchards, etc., at 9 20 and $26. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st - ■ .
MILKERS, $25 PEii MONTH and FOUND;
man to herd hogs: sailor for a gentleman's
yacht. MURRAY A READY, 034 and 636 Clay.
<)f) MEN IO DIG IRRIGATION DITCHES
—•\f for a large company's ranch, near city, S2O
and found; steady job. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 036 Clay st. '
1(1 HAYMAKERS, .$1 day and board;
1" foreman stableman, $32 50. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. • "". . *
1 A LABORERS FOR CITY WORK. $160
X\J day: 3 teamsters, «26. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. , ... • '
2 1 MEN FOrt SAWMILL AND WOODS
£ work. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636
Clay st • •
90 RKDWOOD TIEMAKERS, 8C AND 100
, each: 2 woodchoppers; rharcoal-burners, 10c
sack. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AN *v°J?ui a Xt TE FAMILY; »2a MUR.
m RAY A READY.B34 and B3tf Clay St.
ft COOKS, $30, $40 AND $65; COOK FOR MIN-
U Ing hotel, $40: baker for partner; cook and
wife, $30; 3 waiters. $30 and $35; 2 extra walt-
RKAn^"'^J« " nd *" J0 - MUKRAY *
KhADY, o«j4 and 6HH Clay at,
mOM DEVLIN. THE waiter, please
X call, c. R. H ANSKN A CO., 110 Geary st
I RJ-DWOOD TJKMAKEHS, SEE BOSS
■1 V here; 6 swampers - for the woods, $26 and
board: 6 laborers for railroad work, $1 75 a day; 3
farmers, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
SECOND COOK FOR A SUMMER RKSORT",
550 to $60; baker and pastry cook fora sum-
mer resort #60; pastry cook and baker, hotel.
cliy.s4o: silverman. country hole!. $26: second
cook, country hotel, $35: 3 waiters, spring- 2
waiters, summer resort C. R. HaNSEN A CO.
110 Geary st. . '
9 MINERS, MACHINE DRILL,. 160 AND
w board; haymakers and farmhands, $20 and
26; cook, restaurant, $50; cook for few men, $18-
-ranch teamster and wife, $35. R. T. WARD A
CO., 608 aud 610 Clay st ■ . *
ANTED-3 MEN TO WORK ON A VINE-
T» yard, $20 and found;: lunch waiter; French
assistant; ironi r, country, $„ to $30; 2 French-
men for vineyard. $20 and found; etc LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St. ; ' ■ ■ .••
\\r ANTED —YOUNG ENGLISHMAN OR
. Irishman as groom In private family in coun-
try; $25. • Apply M 18.4 PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
HELP WANTED— Continued. _; '
WANTED —MACHINIST FOR COUNTRY,
" $2 50 day; milkers, $25: farmer, $25; bandy
man for ranch, $20- blacksmith, country shop,
ranch cook, $18: 2 wairers for country, $25 and
$35, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento at T . " "
0 WAITERS, SMALL PLACES, $20, ROOM,
*J etc: 6 ranchhands, $16, etc.; ranchhands, $1
per day, etc. 2 young men, light wock in an In-
stitution. $15, room, board, etc. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market at.
WANTED-3 BARBERS,. STEADY; GOOD
vtstmaker. good salary. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st .
\\T ANTED— GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
• » salesman-, one with knowledge of clothing.
Apply 523 Market st, room 7, from 9 to 12.
9 BARBERS FOR SATURDAY"; $3. 526%
— Fourth st
OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY; YOUNG
\J man preferred; $3. 324 Grant aye.
BA R ER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 1423 Dnpont st. '.
1. A HER FOR SATURDAY: ALSO BOOT-
I> black. 32Tnlrdst
|^ARBER WANTED. 1424 POLK ST.
1J ARBER.H— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
XJ re'.arr Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant are. S. FUCH3.
L» ARBERS' ASSOCIATION Or EMPLOY-
X> meat -Secy, P. c. Uamann, 2 Farrell.
Y^^A-'JTED-A^YOUNG ' GERMAN" MAN TO
»» work in grocery and take care-of horse. Ap-
ply to-day at 427 Broderlck at. .
A AN WHO UNDERSTANDS BAND-RESA W-
-I*l ing, scroll-sawing and shaper work. Apply
718 Minna st
OY TO ATTEND CIGAR-STAND AND BE
generally useful: reference. 2 Hayes st.
TRONERS WANTED. PARISIAN LAUNDRY,
X Twenty-ninth and Dolores.
HOEMAKER WANTED IN SAN RAFAEL.
0 Apply 20» Mason at., city. "
nisHWASHER wanted, $16 and board.
XJ 7 East St., near Folsom. ■
'OUNGMANFOR OFFICE WORK; MUST
have small capital. R. E., box 136. Call Office.
OY ABOUT 18; MUST HAVE .EXPERT
ence in grocery. Vallejo and Larkin.
WA TED— YOUNG EXPERIENCED BUT-
cher; references. 1803 H sights*.
bA RBERS — BEST-PAYING 3-CHAIR 16c
X* shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BK-RDROW, Sau Jose.
YOUNG PHOTOURAPHEB, WITH MORRI-
X son wide-angle leDse and 5x7 box. used to view-
wors:, as partner to travel. Address Photo, Call
Ofllce, Oakland.
SHOP FOR SALE; ESTABLISHED 3 YEARS;
situated among factories and lodging-houses;
can be had for $100; 3 living-rooms in rear; owner
going Into business with his father. Apply Call
Office."
EN'S %-SOLING. 60c; LADIES, 40c: DONE
. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ANTED— RESTAURANT AND RESTAU-
*» rant furniture; spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Fourth st
WANTED — PARTNER IN GOOD-PAYING
busiuess: capital required, $260. Address D.,
box 109, all Office. ■•
ARBER-SHOP; I 60; SPLENDID CHANCE:
no rent: $160. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth st,
Oakland, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-oft shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE] 5631* MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 35c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
O Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price. sc,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will d«
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis at., San Francisco,
CaL . ,
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
) half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard at., nr. Sixth.
KTHMA CUKE GUARANTEED: DR. IiOR-
»A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
\\T IN C ESTE HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.,
' » Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; JttOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 ceu ss.
\\T ANTED- MES TO Lr.ARN BARBER
*» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber school. 1515 Howard.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
*' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBUKN A ''0., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, I). C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted. "
(KLERKS' AND LA 808 1 CLAIMS B'GHT;
VJ ac'ta adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and LeldeidorS sts.
ROOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO »1 50
per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" " ■ ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 62J SACRAMENTO
at. ; 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
SO and 25c a night, ll* week : meals 10c
WANTED— LABORERS AND mechanics
»» to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, stilt runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt; 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh"-: |I to $3 per week.
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
■ ' als.: single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
1 in MEN TO TAKE LODGING A.T 100, 15c
l.\i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington at., near Kearny. _^
VV'E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
* * your old shoes and make them as good as Dew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\ 1 EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
itl all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, bOME
nearly new. 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
J-'BKE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOli 60:
X* also a bottl eof lager. 6c, at 637 Clay at.
HUtY ACME HOUSE. !Ijl iiAUKKTbT, BK-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: Ss<- a night; $1 a week.
\\T ANTED-BINGLK BOOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
*' v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
AGENTS WANTED.
" 1 { .__.._».
UNDER BOTH FLAGS"; ENTIRELY NEW;
nnrivaled success; the story of the war as told
by the actors on both aides, without party preju-
dice or sectional strife: how the battles were won;
great war pictures by great artists: agents wanted
everywhere. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
Flood building. S. F.
ANTED— 7 GOOD SOLICITORS TO CAN-
vass for members for Union Fraternal League:
the order pays sick and accident benefits from $7
to $14 per week, and disability benefits from $250
to $1000, and death benefits $250 to $2000; we are
paving good workers $3 to $9 per day. For terms
call or address Union Fraternal League, 124 Turk
st, S. F., Cal. ..... '
ffi»*> A DAY FOR YOU: $18 CASH REQUIRED;
«IP»> invest c, 6 to 7 p. M., 1625 Howard st.
KOOMS WANTED.
TTOUNG GENTLEMAN OF GOOD HABITS
X would liken room In private family; rent rea-
sonable; central: st: te terms. R., box 40, Call. ,■
WANTED-MISCKLLANEOUS.
\\T A N T7n^SASH7^>b7jR~ANirM ATCHING
" machinery for small architectural shop.. Ad-
dress,, with list of machines, LEON BAN.FORD,
Sacramento, Cal. -t . ■ :
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES'. GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
SELL YUUK BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st: send postal.
DENTISTS. .; ■•■ ■ ■■ ~~
}*7*WWT-CLASS U ~££nT ISTUyT F IRST-CL A SS*
X I prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of. teeth. ■ W.C.HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
R.L. T. 1 ■ R A N EX ACT 1 0 I'Al.Mi K *.«,.
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava.
T^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Inn $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 60c, with gas $1.
WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
<U»7 A set "i or TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<JP * good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are mode: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
1/ULL e_i' OF . itKIH, $7; WARRANTED
X 1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth at ■
ET OFTIiETH WITHOUT A 1-I^ATK, DB. H.
YOUNii. 18*1 Polk st. ■ - ■'-■•■'■
I\R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THii GEN INK
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved" bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to ISO U*Farrell st
T»AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearv
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. B16"^ Geary.
|\R. H. H. SHAW. 224 KEARN -BRIIHiB-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings .7:80 to 9. ".. , .
t DENTAL ASSOCIATION. HO* MAR-
_ k !i?±_ DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DX J. J. LEEK, : 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gat« aye.— Open, evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WA.Br
ranted. - DR. J. W. KEY, 1123 Market it .
PERSONALS.
Ty ANTED— TO KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
»» of Australian Jack Dock, the teamster, and
George, the engineer, John Decorsey and Hunter
Smith, and any other friends of George M. Drum.
Kindly communicate or call at 110 Fourth, room 6.
•WATCH, f. JEWELRY REPAIRING; LOW
*» prices and first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 25c: MAS-
XX leure, 26c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevtr.
IJUYYOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN,
J-J lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, bedspreads, etc,,
very cheap at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth.
WARD— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
X\j aociation offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction lof any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done. '■■ ■ =
ifT WIFE, ELIZABETH Gardiner, hay-
-«-•■ Ing leit my bed and board, 1 shall no longer
be responsible for any debts contracted by her
'"er this date, May 29, 1896. RALPH GAR-
■UI^.KR. • , , , . , .
(CONSUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 86 V a Geary st;
hours 12 to 2:30.
ANCER-CURING ! SURE CURE NO CURE,
\J. no pay. Address MRS. L. C. WHITNEY. 1218
Cypress St., bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth, Oak-
land, Cal.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
Jr%. cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. K5O Market st
]^"OTICE TO RANCHMEN— 1 NEW MARK-
J-i ham Eureka mower for sale cheap for cash.
H. CALL HAN. 737 Fo som St.
GEO. W. PHELPs, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW, 216
VJ Sansome st., room 4.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
x course taught in six weeKs: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positiona. 8 Golden «. ate aye.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company.l 117 Market st,bet 7th and Bth.
T AM NOT SECOND CLASS. AS MY PRICE
. I ,. c) for ha ir-dressing might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists in the
? L?r\^ , 1 ,,— l 8 the P lace - HI Stockton st, G.
"\TAPOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR
*?^ be mBtiBm> Sc l *"**! Constipation, Obesity.
Do/ i uric at.
ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed 25c.; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
LIBERAL. ADVANCES ON JJIAMOiNUa. Jc W
J J < By, etc. : lowes: rr.tes. 84S Market at
SPKCIAL-SOL. SHIPPER A CO.. MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckelsbulldlng, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
rrmuNics moved, 25 cents, commercial
X Transfer Company. 43 Suiter st. ; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 I >AA CARDS, $150; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
I 1 iVfyj tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st, r. 39!
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases; lake no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
XV fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 313-216 Mason st; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage, to and from the ferry.
ShT ROZ YNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HA IR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. 11. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, remc7ed from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
TJIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st
-V GOLD. SILVER, CENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
fILOAKt), CAPES AN l. SLITS RETAILED AT
VJ mfrs 1 cost. Factor*-. 20 Sansome at., apstaln.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
nge free,
JDKESSMAKEUS.
tSrESijES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 5053^ Natoma St., above Sixth.
J"] A TAYLOR— ELEGANT STYLISH SUITS,
il" $5 up: dresses made over.
CLAIBVOV ANTS.
- ir -'£-■-"■ ------- r^^^u-.^2
50 cts and $I—6o cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil influences in half' the
time required by the best. of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but . few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also . that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bf. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. _
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERE,
• . 1728 Market st
DO NOT i FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct Information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and .wnat to do to be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speedy mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Mv st. . hours 9to 9.
BOF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.. NEAR
Sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.: tells of
friends and enemies; 9 to 8, also Sunday.
Ql X ELLIS ST.— i'ROF. AND MME. HALE,
OX*J occult scientist, palmistry and clairvoyants;
camo.i given: 9to 9: also Sunday. • • • -
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given;- 25c up. 6 Fourth.
YPSY' LIFE-READER; LADIES, 25c;
gents, 50c ; readings (tally except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth. .
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c.' gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 lurk st, nr. Jones.
MME MOREAU.-BEHT MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE Ti-.LLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee -'5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN*
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the plctureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
VJME. STEWART: UREATKSV CARD READ-
ivI erand clairvoyant 4n world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market 3 and 4.
ETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
[.resell! and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
. ' -. • • I SPIRITUALISM.
npEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MMeT'e!'
X YOUNi,, 605 McAllister st: sittings daily.
\ I~M E. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 26
■»-«■ yrs. Kearny, now 9-9 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
RB. DR. MIRANDAS, MEDIUM, PHYSl-
cian. guarantees satisfaction; love, business;
removes evil influences: her Revealed Medicines
cure ull diseases: sit. $1 : 10 toB p.m: 1206 Market
VI 88. KATE HOSKINS. TRANCE AND BUSI-
-I*l ness medium: sittings daily : $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st
ADDIE SWAIN; ASTRAL-SKER; LADIES
only; no fee only as a gift. 1055 Market st.
"VfRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
lU_^riu ice medium: sittings $1. 21K Stockton st
j___ ___■'_ \ - LOST. ~
T OST. MONDAY-BROWNISH RED MEMO-
XJ randum book, going from California Hotel to
Palace. Reward If returned to Palace Hotel
laundry.
OST— I NOTEBOOK, RED COVER. FINDER
return to 501 Fell st. : reward.
LOST— MAY 27, 1896, A RED COW WITH,
rope on neck. Please return to J. FEEDERLY,
1418 Vermont st , bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
slxth; liberal reward. •
(Oil All ward — PLAIN GOLD-PLATED
♦lPl\-» child's watch (Cenntenial movement), val-
ued as a gift of deceased grandfather. Full value
of watch as reward for return to this office. . .
Lost— A PASSBOOK with THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of LUIGI ARCURI. No. 146670. The
finder will please return to bank.
I .'.....■; ' ■ ' ■ roi'M). -'■ --. '
TRISH SETTER BITCH. OWNER CAN HAVE
X same by paving charge*. 1838^ Howard st
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A DVICE FREE^DI VO RCE—AWS
f*- •Jty; private;, no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
T J E. PHILLIPS— UTS. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate.. offices 608 California st.
\| •[;'■ NOLEN, , ATTOMNKY-aT-LaW. 719
■ITX . Market st.; advice free.
T J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st. rooms 14. 15.
W V -DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-Ar-LAW,42O
» » • California st. rooms 14 and 15: Advice free.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
fl^or 7-ROOM HO'USK: ALL FURNISHED;
2) OtJ. the roomers pay more than the rent for
one-half the use of the house; it la a snap and see
it quick; everything furnished complete. T.
LUbELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
tirjr FINE BUTCHER " SHOP WITH
xjpD I «). three horses an.l one wagon and all the
tools: fine location in an Interior town; good
trade; investigate this fine country place and yon
will buy it S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
UCQXfIA GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
•1; — « ) ' 'U. corner stand ; doing fine : rare chance
for fine grocery investment: sea this place at once:
the fullest Investigation; located north of Market
St T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■ . - .
©Qfift FINE SALOON DOING FROM *15 TO
»pOUU. $20 a day business; best location in th-
city; on principal street; this Li a snap. T. LU-
Bfc-LSKI. 7 City Hall aye. " ■■ '"-" ■ '
ifrIQAA GROCERY AND BAR; DOING
•jpXO' v. tine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: . 1? stock; rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy: also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
*''A ELEGANT STATIONERY AND CO
\fi)OO\J. fectionery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms; see
this fine place at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. .
O SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T, LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
LEG ANT GROCERY WITH 2 TEAMS:
well-established business; fine location; in-
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BELSKi, 7 City Hall aye.
EsT BARGAIN ON EARTH, HALF IN-
terest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day;
old established: profits, $10 to i?is per day; full
Investigation before buying: will take good secur-
ity or trade; a snap: cheap. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st. - ■ ."--.- ■ . . .
WANTED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU-
rant furniture: also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st
TFYOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
X trade or exchange, see us at once; will sell your
business in 3da\-s or treat; we nave snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
<J]»jCn, COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE
«ID tO\J. worth $750; estaDlished 5 years; clears
$100 per month; good' reason for selling; trial
given. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Mar bet st.
<£9nn SALOON AND CARD ROOM; GOOD
«J>— W. business; clearing $3 to $5 dally; ' look
this up. KENNY A CO., 765 Market St.
p ROCERY-STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VT stock, doing large family trade. This Is a fine
opportunity to get good paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. MIHA.v, 509 Kearny st.
C_ "I OF; RESTAURANT; DOING GOOD BUSI-
».j* 1 — •'. ness: fine place for man and wife; av-
erage receipts $16 per day. MEEKS A CO., 8661/3
Market st. . •
ICE GENTS' FURNISHING AND NOTION
x\ store for sale, in the Mission; 3 years' lease;
price $750; $300 cash, the balance monthly. Ad-
dress C A., box 58, Call Office. "
pROCERY AND BAR; 3 LIVING ROOMS;
vJT good location. Call at 28 Rausch st, bet. Sev-
enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom. •
TIT ANTFD— RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
• cash. Address 8., box 2, this office.
©Q7F; GROCERY AND BAB. 813 BRYANT
<jpO 1 U. street.
OARDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
XJ account of sickness. Apply Call Office.
dI;7C BAKERY AND NOTION - STORE;
«IT I O. cheap: on account of leaving city; fine-
location. Inquire at 1024 Leavenworth st. ■
MABTINKZ HOTEL — TO RENT, UNFUR-
Ii- nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; In good
order. D. J. WEST, Martinez,. Cal. -■
18*97?. BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES, 2
<ip— I O. horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars see
LUHRS BROS., 144 First St.
C COMPLETE STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH
VJ cheap; 400 thoroughbred fowls; close to local
train; East Oakland; low rent. E. HILL, Dono-
hoe building. . .
nENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
\SX lady of means, $35 capltaC 12 Mason st., rm. 2
>t9?vfk PARTNER WANTED TO-DAY lIN
_uv». ai saloon and lunch-house, or would
sell whole interest: sickness the cause of selling-
no agent: receipts $13 to $14 a day. Address E..
box 17, this office. . .
Ii OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OK DEPARTURE,
the finest restaurant and oyster-house in the
city; best location. Apply 112 Ellis, Tivoli Oyster
Cafe.
OALOON— WITH 2 ROOMS; A BARGAIN:
0 $275. Apply 735 Mission at.
1/ OR SALE CHEAP— BAKERY AND COFFEE
X 1 saloon, with living-rooms': rent low. 306 Fourth.
OOD EVENING ROUTE. APPLY 1118
« Green St., before 9 a. _ or after 2 p. m.
PARTNER WITH $500 OR MORE; YOUNG
JL laay preferred. Address Business, box 108,
Call Office.
a"rgXin-si2s; OLD-ESTABLISHED CI-
-1 * gar, candy and notion store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gate, Berke-
ley; junction Telegraph-aye. electric road; cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL DINING-ROOM TO
rent on very easy terms; all ready to open.
Klmira, May 27, 1898. .
UTCHER-SHOP, HORSE. HARNESS, CART,
tools: cheap. Twentieth and Shotwell sts.
A IL< IK-SHOP FOR SALE; 1910 POLK. AP-
X ply at 207 Grant a c.
"L^RUITSTORE FOR SALE; COR. GROVE AND
I Lyon sts.; flne location: good outside trade;
nee horse and wagon.
QOXnBRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
<P— *J\J. notion store: 2 living-rooms; food
trade. Apply 1802 Howard st. ■ -.-
CjOAfJ Al DAIRY PRODUCE STORE; FINE
<tJp4j\J\J. location; good paying: must be sold in 3
days: at a sacrifice. Inquire Call Ofllce,
RE-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of -equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission. -
3j*Ul I A CASH; BALANCE OF $900 ON EASY
ig)\J\J\J terms: house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206;
suitable for chicken-ranch; barns, stables, chlck&n-
houses, artesian well, flower-garden: lot all fenced
In. Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY, 22% Geary st,
or Saratoga aye. and San Leandro road. "
FINE BUSINESS CHANCE FOB A MAN
who can Invest $6000; big profits. Address D.
X., box 137. this office.
BRANCH BaKKRY AND VARIETIES;
good business; corner; 6 living rooms; large
sunny yard. Apply 449 Guerrero st. ■
ALOON; LONG LEASE AND LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
I ''OR RALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
■ grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mlsslonst
<Bl^nn CHICKEN RANCH IN PETALUMA:
*S)tJ\J\J. good investment Inquire Cosmopoltan
Hotel. Petaluma. . . ...,-■_■■.'-
GREAT- OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PUR-
VJT chase retiring manager's interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
In one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacrifice; none but competent men with cash
considered. Address • Cnronos. box 67. Call Office.
ESTABLISHED MANUFACTURING BUSl-
ness recently incorporated offers active inter-
est stock for sale: flue opportunity to extend
trade: fullest investigation; references given and
required; principals only. Address lock, box 194,
San Jose, Cal. • . . • , .
NY STOCK 'OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash: city or country. M., box 2, Call.
<Sil K^O BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING
C- 1 \J*J\J. business; clears $125 month: corner;
shop: tools; stock; party going East. Owner, box
5, Call Office. Oakland.
TT»OR palace shoe stork IN
X I flourishing county seat town: established 15
years. For particulars adejress Box 446, Uklah.
©IAA BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES;
<)P I U V . rent $18. 1806 Howard st. .
UOR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
X and cleaning; good reasons for selling.. Address
by letter C. , BONN ARD, 218 Fourth St., Santa
Bosa. ;-:-.■:"■ ■ • ■
rpo LEASE IN MAYFLELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st. . .- . . ,
OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE "GRAN-
X ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and flue location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom, Cal.
ANTED— TO LIST .YOUR BUSINESS
with us: will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. ■ .
"FLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: 'NICE CLEAN,
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st, basement ■
'carpet cleaning.
REAT EAS^^R^TSrE^—T^AItpiET^CIJEAN^
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
JONES CU CAKPJ..I - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
CIARPETS CLEANED. 3c A YARD; LAID 3&
/ Tel. Jessie 944. STRaTTON., 19 Eighth st'
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'SCARPKT FKATING works. 333
\J Golden Gate, aye.: telephone east 126. '
ITY AiriuARPKTCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 STEVENS, Tel. South 250.
C 1 REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
f ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE. office II i-.ichtli st.; phone Jessie 25M.
/^ARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATEO
V,' like new. . FERGUSON ' A CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
•"•; K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240 ,
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RE
• ovatlng works. ■ 453 Stevenson: Ml. south 228.
———_________— ______
BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO i_TT
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, - Mo-
a lI later and l'ew_l st car lines.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAX.JS.
Q>rT(\(\- LODGING-HOUSE: 36^ WELL-FUR^
ft) I UU. nlshed rooms; rent $75: long lease:
fine location; north of and near Market st. : house
filled; paving $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KKNNY A CO., 766 Market st.
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER $150
1 010-room house, worth $1000: price 400
40 rooms: fine for transient. .:;... 'W
20 rooms On Fourth st, 0n1y...... ...... ...... SOU
16roomaon Taylor 5t.. ;.: ~ '»>{
46 rooms on Market st... -JSOU
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opposite Fifth.
1 o-KOOM HOWE ON SIXTH ST.; PRICE
10 $560; payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
O/1-KOOM CORNER HOUSE", $1000; WORTH
24 $2500: must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market
'^VCnn 60-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
Sh I OUU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SK.IFF. 921 Market.
CH\f\n so- rooms, all , furnished;
tih^UUU. doing good business: situated on Mis-
sion st. HICKOK & CO., 873% Market st-
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
I lng-honse, See T. LUBELSKI, 7City Hall aye.
r>Q WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OB-
— O gan; low rent; bargain. Grocery. 40 sixth st
~ FlKSl'l'liKlS FOB SALE.
~TT^^TVJIK~ZF~2^OOyis^sZ^K^CHKS
X for sale. 275 Clara st. •
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH? FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings. ■
IRE SALE~ " "*"!
Prices stand till goods are completely dl».
posed of.
Oak bed sets .....$l3 51
Bed lounges ~ 800
Stoves 7 50 '
Carpets, per yard.. ...— 55
Linoleum, per yard...... ■.--.•. '55
Matting, peryard I 11l
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we axe conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. ___
~A~i\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER -BETS, $14;
ttUU stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-bed*.
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $7*
tt iiedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet laid 450 up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In 5 colors 250 up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores. '
FURNITURE "WANTED.
ECOND-HANd'IfURNITURE WANTED TO
fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye,
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA,
If you want highest cash price for your furni-
ture, carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
MALONK~~ PAYS 20 PER CENT MOB IS
'than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
-1 ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X> send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
(B£Af\ I ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR SALE
I\J. on $6 installments. 221 Leavenworth st
VI AfiNIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO;
iVI Halle A Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st.
FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance .sale of pianos an i musical Instrument^
at VAIS', 769 Market st
TECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCELLENT
order; obliged to sell. Room 21, 809 Market.
I N E UPRIGHT; SPLENDID TONE. FORCED
X sale; $160. Room 12, Flood building. :
ARE CHANCE TO" SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post st,
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market st, opposite
Mason: bargains In different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
BEFORE BUYING SEE H AINE BROS.', BUSH
X> A Gens and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st
/CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 85; mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA RRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Sprockets building. ' -
£I O; FINE CHICKERINO; SCHMITZ, 16
X— O. McAllister st., next to Hlbemla Bank.
OHMER, STECK, STEINWAY. STATH All
second-hand uprights cheap. 306 McAllister.
1 (\f\ Marshall upright: sherwood
Q 1 \J\J. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
SHERMAN, CLAY A CO,, STEIN-WAY" REP-
. resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
SHAW, $575: STEIN WAY, $215; SQUARE,
826; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A RRIVED— OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
pHICKERINO, KNABE, STUCK, VOSE, BTER-
VJ ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
:or rent BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST . ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby A Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Place.
A WEEK'S " NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THJS
jtl. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. •
~ HOUSES.
OR^SALE^GOOd" STRON O DELI VERY
horse: drive single or double; cheap. Apply
169 Second st - •
ORSE AND DELIVERY WAGON, WITH
harness, cheap; only $50: also 1 dozen fancy
chickens. Apply 2425 Gough St., near Broadway
A UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
xx wagons, harness, etc. at Derby stables, 643
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
"M"ICE BLACK SADDLE HORSE FOR SALE.
i.l Gilmore Bros.' stable, Twelfth and Mission sta.
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
K>\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
A rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
_A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
r£\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"1 t/\ SETS NEW A.Nil SECOND-HAND HAB-
±.U\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T\R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUB-
XJ geon for S. F. Police Department Office and
hospital. 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
.WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR FIRST-CLASS CAMP WAGON;
suitable for 4 persons; with baggage, etc. •
with or without stove and tent _ F. SALBACH
310 East Channel St., Stockton.
TANDING-TOPLOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market
Q LIGHTLY SOILED DRIV TNG GLOVES:
0 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
MEW AND SECO^ D-H AND BAKKRS', LAUN-
Xi dry, milk aud grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine bu—lo-i. 828 Harrison st. _
*'OR SALE-3IISCELIYANEOUS.
FRESH COW FOR SALE.T MISSOURI AND
Mariposa sts.. Potrero. |
ORS « LE-2 MALTESE KITTENS, CHEAP.
1 Little RUBS St.. off Howard.
TVTEaRLY NEW '94 RAMBLER BICYCLE; A
XT bargain. 1510 Octa via st .
G~~ENTLK~FAMILY COW CHEAP. APPLY "
VJ 912 Francisco st. . . -
IpOK SALE — BARGAIN IN OFFICE FlX-
tures— counter,, table, railings, chairs, platform-
scale. 1 ami truck, typewriter, stove, etc. Address
105 Sncramento st.
VINE MIL' H l O\V; CHEAP. APPLYSOUTH
J. side of Point LODO3 and Thir;y-thlrJ ayes." •• . ;
VfEW $106 BICYCLE FOR $80: NEVER
XI ridden. Call at 101 Van Ness aye. .
1" fIOR SALE — CABINET-MAKER'S OUTFIT;
bench; tools of every kind; a flue outfit; will
be sold cheap; also complete hunting outfit. 1400
Van .\ ess aye. • . ' ■
\fEW~A~2ND-HAND '"95" BICYCLES. $26 TO
"_ I $65. Hamiltou Cyclery. Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNT E R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7thABtb.
IK-HORSEPOWER GAS OB GASOLINE
0 engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 21&
Bay st -..
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-"
X 1 ton band press: also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A
box 100, this office. ■. ' •
SECOND-HAND • GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
glnes; various sixes; guaranteed perfect order •
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. ■ «-i.«rßor.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES-"
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California!
OILKRS,ENGI>Ey,2D-HANDMACHINEKY7
1 > waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale!
ABY CARiIIAUES AND RATTAN FURNI.
11 l P,^i b ? nt T, at the facMH> y saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st, nr. Mission
j UILDINIiS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
» » doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE -Md ALL MEDIUM. AND LARGE SIZB
VJ fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 111 Market si.
X™ A ND BURGLAR" SAFE. LETTBK-
J. press, platform scales and desk :che:ip. 102 Clay.
XTEW RAN CHEAPER THAN BKCOND-
XI hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California at
, TYPEWRITERS.
■y OST, $30; caligraph, $25; send for
X sample work. SCOTT — BAN AN. 333 Monty_^ HJ° CSEB To MST.
724 ST ,' BKT - JOXK« AND L^XvEN^
,_ , wortn — 10 rooms and bath, in perfect order-
ji-Pgo^Aßpg__ lOCaU ° n; ° nly $8 ° renU
1 91 ft LAQ UNA, NEAR ELLIS- MODERN
Z~ t """y liouse, 9 rooms and bath: rent re-
gff 1 y A^y_ EflgE 1 * nd trtgcoed; lar « e
P EDUCED TO * 45: 2512 CALIFORNIA^
-*»- rooms; bath, laundo'. servants' and billiard-
SON & BURKE, 026 Market st. : ;
41 7 ¥ V .^ - XE , AR O'FARRELL -CHOICE
centraii^l«-t?n : 7 rooms, bath and large yard;
BUR^gMaVkTsU 601 - APPIy MADIaOX *
S3O 50 BI L Fin ' I ' " 13IGHT ROOM!?;
y ov '" Ul modern conveniences: sunny yard!
$ 32 50 KE X UAT ELEGANT NEW
<tpo- OV/. sunny 6-room house. 612 Guerrero.
H^lalg^TTlfoMs AND STABLE
7 OUSt BA< TU AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
2^02 ™ A V E^* W°KT H - HO USE 10
liLS T efe^ega^1 P^ TAYLOR _ VERY
1 xx choice; elegant; spacious: reasonable
APPRECIATED IF SKEN— SCTTillt"
J\ near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker. '
522 SIXTH Sl.-HOUSE 9 ROOMS, B-VTH-
sorTable. : Wltable for lor 2 fHmiiies: rent All
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS; BATH; MODERN JM-
provements; garden. 730Cappst. • -,
TTW**—4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD- KENT
*&& £$ P D 8 b e?:
416 7 KQ^.^s
\IKKKNT MANY HOUSES because \VF
11 H.MSHED MOUSES.
~O LET — A BURNISHED HOUSE OF 7
X rooms with riano at Cor c Madera. S. WOOD.
COTTAGES TO LET.
UP Ll. bath. 1831 Union St., near Laguna.
rpO LEV-COTTAGE 8 800— B. 16 BYINGTON
x ave. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
Qt-'NNY COTTAGE; 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
t-3 basement and large yard. Dolores and 15th.
fry 3 SUNNY ROOMS; COT TAG X; YARD;
tv) ' ' ♦ water free. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
(]^ ITAU^. : ,o ■* U J 4, ROOM* AND BASK-
v-/ menu 4->2y 8 Klngold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
pOTTAGb; 4 t LARGK ROOMS: LARGE
V-^ yard. Key '.'sth and Florida or 418 Stevenson.
( V£' ITA , GK: .i 271 .* BHYANT ST.: 5 ROOMS,
V- bath, laundry; large stable. ,
/>OTrA«E, 3 ROOMS; NEWLY PAPERED
.V'o nd P"'" 1 **!: large basement and yard; $10.
third HarrtBoa I 1 6" beu Twenty-second and Twenty!
QQ COTTAGE; FLAT $12: BOTH LARGE
u-t->. separate yards: cheap. 1123 Vallejo st.
rCKMU__I> FLATS. ~
O UNNY HANDSOMEL^fF^RN^sIiEDFLOOR*,
O 4 rooms, bith, etc. ; suitable tor family: new
carpets and furniture; very reasonable. 913 Polk
St., near Geary.
VURNIBILSD FLAT -3 ROOMS; CHEAP;
X also large double room. 1047 Mission st. ,
T? INE FU KNI FLAT: SUNXY CORNER;
X 6 rooms; reasonable: afternoons. 800 a Webster.
'301 9 CALIFORNIA— NEWLY FURNISHED
*JiJX£i flat: 7 rooms and bath; modern; large
yard; reasonable.
ITtURNISHKD HOUSE TO RKNT,
X 2336 Pacific aye.. Xii. corner Flllmore: loca-
tion among the choicest. O. F. YON BHKIN
6 CO.. 613 California st.
FLATS TO LET,
■"BENTS:^^ FLATS^CORXEir^TURK
V and Larkin sts. : 5-rooms and bath; see these at
once. MADISON A BURKE. '
91 O/f O'FARRKLL. NR. BKODERICK— SUN-
— «- O~t ny side, lance 5 room flat with bath sod
other modern ccnvenlnc»s: has i extra large sep-
arate rear rooms; rented reduced to $20.
V"E\V. SUNNY, MODERN 4-ROOM FLAT;
Xi porcelain bath: tile sink. 4 Tremont aye., nr.
Waller St., Golden Gate Park.
UPPER SUNNY FLAT OF FIVE ROOMS:
> bath; all modern improvements. Hampshire
st., near Eighteenth.
('99 ELLIS — FLAT: 2" LARGE SUNNY
v.»__ rooms; separate entrance: yard: rent
cheap.. ' • ■
nUEAP; FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS.; YARD;
\J stable, etc. 412 Eureka st.
AN"D 5 ROOMS: BATH"; $11, $12, $13; ELEC-
tic lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
Ql d AN AN— NNY CORNER BAY-
-0 It: window flat 4 rms: bath; cheap, good tenant
1 I (-1 FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT OF 6
X 1 Us rooms and bath.
---ROOM FLAT: ALL MODERN I M PROVE- '
• meets; new; rent $16. 2 Valencia st.
VLATS TO LET AND PROPERTY FOR SALE
X in all parts of the city. 2 Valencia st.
Qin convenient SUNNY FLAT OF
■_ IV. three rooms on wide street. '12 liausch.
OIQ NICE FLA"f~bF~SIX~RO6MS.~" 226
CIO. Shipley St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
% ROOMS ON FIRST FLOOR; CLEAN AND
*+ a:tractive: front and rear yards; unh'nlHhed
basement; on charming private street fronting
park; to quiet family; »16. D.MPhTER. 36Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth si.
CjQ 4 ROOMS; SEPARATE YARD, ETC,
O. $10— 6 rooms: separate yard, etc.
$12—5 rooms, bath, etc
13— rooms, bath and trays.
142 Coliinswood st., near Nineteenth.
O FLATS— ROOMS AND 3 ROOliS; COR.
0 Parker aye. and -St. Roses at. : rent $12 and $S;
p. able room for 6 lior-e*. Key at dry-KOOds <tore
co-. Parser aye. and Point Loops road. " ■
1 OW-.R FLAT— 4O77" TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
1 i 100 feet from Cm cure: 4 roorrn: batn; large
yard: sun alluav: rent $14; water ir<?e. ■■' -
1O V. Ft" BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 5 LARGE
1 i tunny rooms. 30 Moss st., bet. teixth and
Seventh, off Howard. - -■ ,
\ KAT UPPER FLAT — 6 KOOM r BATH;
-*-' rent reduced. 327 Chestnut st., near Powell.
Q. It\ TO 2- UPPER AND LOWER FLATS, 3
V -L " and 4 rooms each. 1008 Natoma, nr. 11th.
QOA 1425 SACRAMENTO ST.. HYDE—
•. — V*. Flat 5 sunny rooms and bath.
I /il Q HAY; S— FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND
1 trX,<7.bttih: rasonable. . - -■ ,-..■•..■.*
&-\ 1 6 ROOMS, BATH, KANGE; LAKtiE
vp li . sunny porch; waier free. Jersey and
Sanchez sta. - ' . - - .
C- I 9 6 KOOM-i IN GOOD ORDER; YARD;
«^il_. cheap. 312% Eighth St.
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS. 29*7*1 ZOE,
U bet. lhird and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
7 I rt OCTAVIA, NR. MCALLISTER-MIDDLE
4 lv flat 7 rooms, bath; modern improvements;
do dark rooms.
liiic MCALLIVTEK-FL.\T OF 7 ROOMS;
lulu yard; modern improvements; $22 60. ■
rr-l a DEVIBADERO— FLAT i~ ROOMS AND
I X I X bath: all sunny; $18.
17 "103 MCALLISTER— UPPER FLAT;
I —U4 4 rooms
UNNY FLATS: 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
ment: 20. 810 and 812 Ellis St.
JfLATS— 0 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
1 laundry; from 913 60 up. 1613 a Mission near
Eleventh st. - . ■ • :..- ■..-:'.•.
<£» 1 Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
•£) 1 0. teentb st. above Valencia.
IriLATa 6 ROOMS; RENTS «13 AND $14.
' 4061 Eighteenth St., near Castro. -
rnjjA GROVE— LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
I £%} bath: light, sunny yard. -
OQI Ql BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 6 SUNNY
Z.OXO'i, rooms and bath :rent reduced; good view.
-1 Qf\rr STEINER, NEAR HUTTER— LOWKR
loUl flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
B RENT MANY FLATS BKCAUhE WE
treat people right. BALDWIN A Ham-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. ■- • --'-."•'■'■'•
CUN NY FLATS; 8 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st. -
1 wO7 FIFTEENTH. NX. HOWARD— 2 NEW
i.O_ I flats, Jus: finished; 6 rooms, bath: $18.
-1 1 A 7 HOWARD— SUNNY T^P PER PART OF
1 11/ I bouse; 6 rooms and bath: rent low. ■:/
v-LAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
X rent $10. 1325 Sacramento st. *.
1> RIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 6
X> rooms; bath ; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento sL, below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 3*o Sansome, room 4.
if\7O TWKNTY-'iHIKD; 100 f FROM
tfJ Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms; . modern - improvements; rent ■ only $16;
water free. 1 •*■.". •■ ■" • ' : '-- -' - ~
1 OWEK FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS: SUNNY
XJ side of street; rent $9 a month. ; 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. Harrison and Folsom.
LEO ANT NKW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. BJ£-
X- low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 ;e $16..
HOUSEKEEPIKU KOOMS.
Buena Vista Avenue.
1 »r BUEN a VISTA, • OFF . HAIGHT AND
X D Baker— 2 sunny housekeeping room6,f
t . iJddy. Street.
/jnn EDDY — FURNISHED , BOOMS, WITH
Do_ use of parlor, for housekeeping.
Ql 7 EDDY-2 OR 3 NICELY. FURNISHED
OX I housekeeping rooms; private family.
SJ^KjKEEPINo^IIOOMS - Continued.
Eddy Place.
2 EDDY PLACE— 3 UNFURNISHED BOOMS
for housekeeping.
Eighth Street.
IOR EIGHTH — HOUSEKEEPING ROOM
xvu with stove; other sunny* rooms; 85 up.
HJfefej^gV Ellis . Street.
q-j C EI,LIS-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
OXO rooms: $2 and up. - -
!\(\j-i. ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
u\JU complete for housekeepng: large yard; $16.
F. 09 ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
"Oil rooms, with bath.
HflCi ELLIS— 3 NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
I \j\j ny rooms, complete for housekeeping.
■Cry- . Fifth street.
<3>Q SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN, BATH.
VU. sink, water; no children: private; also 2
sunny front rooms: $10. 314 Fifth st. ***'-.
Folsoin Street.
Q£>Q FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
CIIO bedroom; adjoining kitchen; yard; com-
plete housekeeping. . :
Fourth Street.
OAR FOURTH — SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
— 1O and housekeeping: famlies; newly fur-
nished; day, week or mouth. -
*-£fi7 FOURTH— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
• >V'| ing rooms; bedroom and kitchen; $8 and
$9. ■■■■>.
Oeary Si reel.
9171 GEARY (REAR)— 3 SUNNY HOUBK-
_iX I a keeping rooms. Key, 217.
Cji (' 1911 GEARY, OPP. ALCOVE
0 LU. suite, adjoining room, with porcelain sink,
'6 closets, bath; furnished housekeeping rooms.
Haigtit Street.
9_ HAIGHT— FRONT ALCOVE SUITE COM-
— *± plete for housekeeping; bath, gas; if 15.
ji:irriN<iii Street.
/»7Q HARRISON— 2 LARGE FURNISHED
' ' i O rooms for housekeeping; also single room.
Hayes street.
1 1 I Q HAYKS— FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
1"i 1» ' use of kiiLheu; also flat of 5 rooms.
Hermsun Street.
9?: HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— OR 2
—♦ / rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
'Aj HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED SUNNY
O\J^i bousekeep ng rooms; Ist floor: rent $10.
1 1~-\\ HOWARD near • FOURTEKNTH—
-X I •■'«•' Sunny bay-window alcove; gas; bath;
kitchen; reasonable; gas stove. *
9_9H HOWARD— 4 OR 5 NEATLY FUR-
— ~i— U nished sunny bay-window rooms: fine
location; garden; $25.
Lark in Street.
O<}G LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY APART-
O—\J ments. fnrnlshed complete for houiekeepg.
Q1 7 LARKIN— NICE HOUSEKEEPING, SIN-
VX I gle and double furnished rooms; 57 and up.
■ • Linden ■■ -venae. . ' .
.9Q LINDEN AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
— O Hayes si.— Lance unfurnished room: stove.
ailuna ■« !;■!*«• . /
90-1 MINNA— HOUSEKEEPING; COM-
— lOl plete: cheap; also single. '
-JO MINNA —TWO LARGE ROOMS FOR
•JlO housekeeping.
•X7~ MINNA— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
die/ housekeeping.
31i.sr.ior> Ntreec.
C|»l MISSION, NEAR SECOND— 3 SUNNY
OU I rooms, furnished light housekeeping: also 2.
7QO MISSION — SUN >.' V HOUSEKEEPING
IPO rooms, also others, from $5 up.
QOQ MISSION — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
000 room. $8: sunny basement of 3 rooms, $10.
O_7 MISSION— 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
1 O~X~ I complete for housekeeping.
"I 999 MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS. FUR-
■l—^— niched complete for housekeeping; hot
and cold water.
"N atom a Street.
/'AC NATOMA— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
\J\jO housekeeping; also single. ■
IJ Al NaTOMa -T.-iJ FURNISHED FRONT
1 jI rooms; ligVt housekeeping: bath and gas.
Ninth Street.
9 A NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT . BAY-
— ' ' window suite and kitchen: gas; reasonable.
Octavia Street:
1 —03 OCTAVIA, COX. GEARY— SUNNY
X'±\JO bay-window and kitchen: from $7 f>o up.
I'olk Street.
Ql O POLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
OXO nlshed alcove, with kitchen, bath-, running
water, gas, etc. : new carpets and furniture; also
sunny newly furnished floor four rooms; reasonable.
Powell Street.
Q-j A POWELL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
0 1 v complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
Silver Street.
1 n' SILVER, NR. FOURTH— 2 FURNISHED
XU<J sunny rooms for housekeeping.
sixth Street.
•I 9-1 SIXTH— PEST IN THE CITY;
J — J cozy housekeeping room and others
Seventh Street.
"I '■}£. LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
100 housekpg rooms; veranda; yard: reasonable
• tevenson Street. N.
A(\ STEVENSON, CORNER- FIFTH— FUR-
JUO n'.shcd rooms for housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
"I AD TAYLOR — NICELY FUBNIBHED
X' 'O rooms for light housekeeping: rent low.
Tenth Street.
-I CiA TENTH-ELEGANT 2 OR 3 HOUSE-
XJL-X keeping ; pas stove; piano: private family.
1 Q 1 TENTH— FURNISHED UPPER FLAT;
"iOl mo large rooms; must be seen to be appre-
dated: $9. ■
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 1 El TWENTY-SIXTH, NifAR MISSION—
1 XO2 Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished; $9 to 812. \
Washington Street. .
r A 9 WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\J~i ed hounekeeplng rooms: running waier.
1. «>!•>! ■> TO LET.
Broderick Street. .
, QII RODERICK-3 UNFURNISHED
1 »> LX. rooms and bath, suitable for light house-
keeping, $11. '___ ' .'
I.ukK Street.
Q-l Q BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED BUNNY
OX O rooms. ■ • ' . . .
Clara Street.
91 CLARA — FURNISHED FRONT BOOM;
_JL rent cheep: board if desired.
~~ Eddy Place.
-I 9 EDDY— LARGE, SUNNY CORNER BAT.
1— window front room or suite; cheap.
i-ighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis street.
THE P.AMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cold water.
DOSKDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS— IOIi ROOMS
Xt a. reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Fell Street.
QAQ FELL. NR. GOUGH— FURNISHED RMS.,
Q\JxJ single, double and for housekeeping.
I oisorn Street.
HI FOLBOM-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
OX X rooms; folding bed; light housekeeping.
09A fOLS O m — single! furnished
O— rooms; $1 per week. '■■"• -■ .. _^
*»i'm-r street.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— TWO FURNISHED
_X I % rooms: key 217.
r-J Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE OF PAR-
tJXO lors; other rooms; light housekeeping If
desired.
aQQ GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
rtOO sunny corner suite; also sunny single front
rooms. - •
QAi: GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED BAY-
Ov/X window rooms; private: -elegant; new
corner flat.
QfiDA OKAHY— SUNNY SUITE FOR LADY I
OUC or couple: also single room; private.
rpHE MARTINET HAH CHANGED HANDS;
I X handsomely furnished suites, ulngi,- rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. BW. cor. Van Ness aye. .
1 Af\U GEARY, NR. CORNER OCTAVIA— 3
ItvW elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only: all modern conveniences.
t.olUen iiatq Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE— SUNNY FRONT
_1 V rooms, suitable for 2; alto single; $5 up. :
ri /• GOLDEN GATE. AYE.— HANDSOMELY
OXv) furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 3 gentle-
.men. ■". . -■'.•.' '. .-■ ■•■■■:-. ... •/? ...*■■- , -.- •- .-
C 9c GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 3 SUNNY
xj£O rooms suitable for lor 2 persons; $» and
♦10, ■ ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
55 OMB TO t-ET-Contlmied.
■ Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT AVK.— FURNISHED ROOMS
X\JX2 by day, week or month; tiansient.
drove Street.
I (IK GROVK— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
X\JO front room: rent SI. •■. ; .• ■. .-
. : Howard Street.
£OQ HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-I>_O ny double ana single rooms; gas, bath; rea-
sonable.
I f\l(\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM:
J-LMly hot and cold warer; $6 month. - ■
I "I (\Q HOWARD— LARGE FRONT ANDSIN-
XXVfO gle bay-window room; nicely furnished:
private. ■
•iunes street.
907 .'•'NES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— ' ' I management: eieiran; sunny suites and
n.i;;ie: newly furnished: bath. Me: Sill toSHO.
OriQ JONES— ELEGANT PARLOR SUITE;
O\JO suitable 2 gentlemen or man and wife. .
JLarkln Street.
1 007 PARKIN — FUNNY FURNISHED
IvU I suite; also single rooms: all conveniences.
Leaven-worth Street.
mLEAVENWORTH, NEAR POST—
Nicely furnished, sunny parlors: gentlemen
only ; references. .
i.t-.-.rnv Street. .
A BLTNGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARXT-PLKAS-
x\ ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
lit very respect: terms reasonable.
Market Street.
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY. BET.
Mason and Taylor— Sunny room: $5 60.
Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
— l - -i Neatly furnished rooms; cheap.
.Mason Street.
41 rr MASON— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
II I suites and sliiiUe; reasonable.
Ji 11111.1 street.
A A O MINNA-FRONT SUNNY ROOM; ALSO
j 1— sunny basement; $6 and $4.
ifllllnw M reei. '
mHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
J. Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: Elngle or en suite; Me tosl 60 a day.
QAL' MISSION— NIC ELY furnished sun-
-0 iI) ny suites, or single; reasonable: board op-
tional.
O'Jtarr«ll Street.
"I 99 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
I __ room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
central; $7.
X I i : SUNNY ROOM; $5: USE OF BATH.
1\ 535 O'Farrell st.
Post Street.
9A7 POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS,
—U • suitable for downtown clerks; 6 up.
QIA POST— FOR cNE OR TWO
UX\J gents., closet, running water, ref.: $8 or.? 10.
Second Street.
C9O SECOND — 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
«->— O rooms and bath; modern improvements,
yard; $10; water free.
Silver Street.
It! SILVER — SUNNY, SINGLE AND
1 ».'JL double, for gentlemen; bath: hot and cold
water. -
Sixth Street.
OAA SIXTH— BUNNY FRONT HOUSEKEEP-
xi^ttt ingrooais: completely furnished.
490 sixth — SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
*±_t7 room. . .•»; ft-
Stockton Street.
A] 7 STOCKTON-2 LIGHT HOUSEKEEP-
trJL I Ing rooms. $11: single room, $3 or $6.
butter -street.
r\f\(\ SUTTER. COR POWELL-SUNNY FR'NT
*J\J\J suite, furnished or unfurnished: other rooms.
7AO SUITER. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I WO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
ITNFCRNIsnED ALCOVE "ROOM; RENT
J $10. 985 Butter st. _^__
1111 SU TTER -NICELY FURNISHED
IJII rooms, single, suits, also housekeeping.
Taylor Street. .
I A() TAYLOR— ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
X" v cor. Taylor and Kddy; also sunny front
rooms from $2 per week up; newly furnished.
A 1 A TAYLOR — GENTLEMAN'S APART-
ttIT: meats, nicely furnished; running water.
fXOO TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SU»-
<J—^. Ny rooms; gentlemen preferred. . .
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION— FU R-
J I''3 nlshed suites suitable for gents, $10; also
single furnlsbad rooms. -
Valencia Street
ifMQI VALENCIA — SUNNY BAY-WIN-
XV/ttOa dow front room -. $8; also single rooms.
Van >ess Avon no.
1091 VAN NE«?3 AYE., COB. GEARY -
X\J£jX Sunny front room; $8.
Miscellaueoas.
SAUSALITO — LARGE GROUNDB; FINE
0 view: pleasant rooms for gentlemen; also
housekeeping. Butler, Swlsher House, Bausallto.
IIOABOINU AND ICOOMS.
LA RG E SUNNY FROST. SUITE. WITH
XJ board also a single room ; all strictly first-class ;
in private family: references exchanged. Address
M. X., box 43, Call Office.
1 EI.VEDERE— PRIVATE FAMILY CAN AC-
-■' commodate a few boarders: beautiful location
near the water; references. R. ELMER.
"1 99f» MCALLISTER— FINELY FURNISHED
XL.jl.\} sunny rooms, with or without board.
KQO ELLIS — PARLOR FLOOR, 3 ROOMS;
*JU c> also others; references.
G1 OOD BOARD. WITH ROOMS- CAN BE 8E-
« cured at a desirable location in Berkeley. In-
quire Dt this office. "-■.■-.•-
-\{Y) POWELL ST., COR. SUTTER—
*JV-i nlshed rooms, with board: terms reasonable.
1 903 SUTTER ST.-FURNI<HED ROOMS.
l*»vO with or without board; prvt family: refs.
8 V 9 GEARY — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
— — rooms, with board; also single rms; «20 up.
7] 9 POST— NICE LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
% X_ with board, $20 ncr month.
1 71 X POi7knN6IfMANDIE)-E L E G A N T
X • XfJ rooms. single ana suites; -newly fnr-
mshed: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel-
reference*.
OTKL BERTLING. 714 iIUBH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
rm cnnrenlnnpe^. • . .
CHiJLDKEN BOAIII>EI>.
ViriDOW wT^K»}}iFAST~i)H^rWO^CHiZ-
'» dren to board; healthy locality. Address C. F»,
box 78, Call Office. • - '
«91 PINE &T.-INFANTOR children to
y*+*X board; reflnedhome; best of care.
"DESPECTABLE GERMAN FAMILY WANTS
XV lor 2 children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking:
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
glrlg; reasonable. Address W. _. box 81, Call.
1 OK a CHILDREN WANTBD~TO~BOA'R"bI
1 mother's care. Address <:. 11., box 17. Call.
" SUMMER KESOKTS.
pHILDREN BOARDRD AND WELL-CARED
\J for during summer vacation on Pfelster ranch,
25 miles from city: plenty, of milk and fruit-
rate< rennonnblfi. Address X., box (U. this office.
stokes TO LEI.
One-half of store suitable for
watchmaker. 2116 Fllimore, near California.
"I AUGE STORE AND LOFT; USE OF ELE V
XJ tor; Mission ft., bet. Third and Fourth- rent
reasonable. Inquire K. PETERSON, 324 Bush st.
QJIYK 306 M ONTO: AVK., WITH
<P 10. du brooms In rear. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER. 411 Montgomery.
pLKASANT STORE TO RENT; FIXTURES
X for sale: rent cheap: must be sold on account
of sickness. 1924 Market st.
mo LET-PART OF STORE. 104% STOCKTON
sireeL
7/I,' POLK— DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \tu let; tenant just moved oat; ren; $18; busi-
ness established ; rooms jin rear ; tine chance for
somebody. -
OFFICES TO LET.
1 TAYLOR, COX. TURK— ESTABLISHED
JVzj doctor's office; corner; ■ sunny; rent rea-
sononab c.. l ■ ,
KSKKOOM, MILLS BUILDING. ROOM 6
XJ Sixth floor. ■■ ■' .'■-. '
O9QI AND 707 SCTTEB— CHOICE FOR OF-
yJ^iOit flees and residence combined ; reasonable.
Of) O' FA KRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES
**\J electric lights, elevator and janitor services.
QOO MARKET, OPP. . MASOX— LOFTS OF
tJ*JO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. ■■:■-"■: . .
S~ PRKCKELS "BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at bnlldlnz
or(). H. UMBSEN it C 0.," 14 Monuomery it..- . *
SEWING MACHINES. ~7~
A LLKINDSBOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGE D,"
A rented, repaired; lowest rates. 1.05 Fourth at.
EDUCATIONAL.
; T^N^^TlEnL* ; S~COLI-EGE, 723 MARKET
-_- st. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship. Typewriting, etc., $1 books free. .
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets from date birth: by mall, $2. 36Vs Geary
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
■ires Tues. and Frl. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
■\fE~W PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
Xi writing; common 'Ing requires an average
of 6 np or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore. if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke yon may write
125 words without abbreviations. HECHT'S
school of . ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, -4 Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.. --an Francisco. .
"OOOKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
i-> ant teaching; Vi lime and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHEITOF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
TOHEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth at. . .
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
day <_. night; noclasaes: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTIIaUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r._7.
<^Pj_NISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell a;
Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.-
KLAiSCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELKCTIUCAU CIVIL, MINING, MB-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estai). '04. VAN PER NAILLEN, 72SMt«.
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS college, post st.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modan
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
Nl S>CHOOL:HKALr Sill:-,. C»JLLI-UE:JI
J-> 'n<t -mm •>!<'. al'iirtlmn.i. Kn»ll»h' ore mm
M-DKJAIi,
Til CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
-^V stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate borne la confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st, near Larkln.
PSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
X sis, rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all aches and pains, nervous prostration
ana general debility, without medicine: no charge
unless cured. - Room 11, 8 Mason su, cor. Market.
1 ) UEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND
XX electric treatment. WALLACE, '.:oy 3 Stockton.
1 ADIES, CONSULT FREE Ml<B. DR. SCOTT*
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
CARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. ,
RS. DR. WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BK-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; trials nil female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
I" F IRREGULAR OR- ANY KKMALE Dis-
i. ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264^ Fourth st.
"VT ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
-.' all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Ofllce, 235 Kearny st., room 9."
. MR.-*. DR. \VEGE~NER, PRIVATE HOME
• for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles before and during confinement; all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, 9-1 Infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy su
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all lemale troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and nsed at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny at.
pRTvATBHO_i-riN~CONFi'«EMENT7~MRsI
■1 DR. FUNCKh, 1416 Eighth »t., Alameda.
DR. JOSSELYN, Til- GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES BUFFKRING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
oeTer fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately, prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <& Jllw
DAY IKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, f2.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OB"
diseases of women and restores all cases Of ir-
regularity in one day ; cur* or no charge; separata
home for patients: best skill; medical aiteuO-
nce: low Sees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market M. '
SIRK LUKE ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
Mltii DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk at.
IF IRREUULAR OR ANY t KJIALK DISEASE,
1 don't fail to aye MRS. DR. PUKTZ, -54 1^ 4th.
DX. JIAU,. 14 -IcALLISTKJt MI'.KKT, NEAR
~Jon<>4. diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
XL ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 ._ press C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
6TOKAGE.
QTORAGIi— CHEATEtiT IN THE CITY | FIRE-
O proof building; advances made, 211 Larkin.
X? L' X NITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAC. L. TAYLOK,2O4PO3t.
rp H. ROONEY. 7-- MISSION— STORAGE AT
x .reduced rates; basement storage, sl 50 per load
OWKST RATES— FURNITURE^ PIANOS,
household goods, etc. J. M. r*'erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire- proof building; Eastern plan.
APPLY FOR RATES Kir. STORING FURNI-
lure, etc. SHIREK A- SHIRKK. 747 Market.
■ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS" '"F^-T'^UPPLI-is^oiV^Tl-E'
X Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.— May 7, 1896.'
Sealed proposals, indorsed "Proposals for supplies
for the .Navy-yard, Marc Island, Cal., to be opened
June 9. 18Bt3," will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navr Department, Wash-
ington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, June 9, 1896,
and publicly opened immediately thereafter, to
furnish, at the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal , quan-
tity of brushes, bolts, nuts, lag screws, cement,
hardware, padlocks, screws, leather, emery cloth.
On-con pine, blocks, air port and other glasses,
gaskets, valves and ship chandlery. The articles
must conform 10 lbs navy standard and pass the
usual naval inspection. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Navy Pay Office,
San Francisco, Cal., or the Navy-yard, Mare Island,
Cnl. Tie bids, all other things being equal, de-
cided by lot. The department reserves the right
to waive defects or to. reject -any or all olds not
deemed advantageous to the Government. ED-
WIN STEWART. Paymaster-General. U. 8. N.
OP P. ING VALLEY WATER WORKS, 616
O California street, San Francisco. — -rated bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 516 California street,
up to 12 11. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares. •
All ' stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following,' and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 18th
Of said month.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five (95) dollars per share, in gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per slrare. ■
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, Hay 21, 1896. ■ ■
ROPOSALS— STATE PRISON SUPPLIES^
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk- at State Prison, San Qnentln, until lv
a. m , Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until. 9:3o a.-m., Saturday, the 20th day of June,
.1896, at. which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsistence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies
from July 1. 1896, to June 30. 1897, Inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices. • . . . ' .
- No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties 1 than , bona-flde dealers In the clashes
of articles to be furnished. ' Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon tome- well-known, aud responsible
banking-bouse- for at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
dent of said board, of- his bid-, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as r quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payment* made on contracts will be
paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules. ■
The board reserves the right to reject any or all ■
bids, as the public Interest 1 may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under the amount speci-
fied. K. M. FITZGERALD, President.
:J. V. Kelts, Clerk. , ' : \ ■
legal. notices.
TTN7TiSITsT : XTTTs7?fKi^ c^urtTn i nth
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District ;of Cali-
fornia. 'i'WllWPf' tf >l*WMi H* IMHBMiM>MI"i | l«tMJi',
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. ,:. ■ • ■ ■ -■■: .-.',-"...■■ ■ . .. •• •„■ -
- Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United stales It is '
ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the < United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and lor the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United Slates Appraisers' building. -In the City
and County of San Francisco, in said | district, -on
Friday, the 12th day of June, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundrttd and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. '- • •
. - Witness my hand ' and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty-sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896. . :••■>.-• "
Seal. . 1 Signed] JOSEPH McKENNa.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict.
To BARRY . BALDWIN Esq., United States
- Marshal, Northern District of California, : •
And W. J. COST IO AN Ebo., Clerk United States
- , Circuit Court, Northern District of California.
_^^j^^ CITY _ REAL ■ estate. .
ffl»C MONTHLY— OUT TO-DAY AND LOOK
<Jp<J at those cheap lots in Castro-st. Addition;
street work done; agent there to show property;
take Guerrero-st. electric, transfer to Thirtieth st.
for Castro and Chenery sts. . ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
' 10 Montgomery st.
•3H (i Of\f\ LARGE LOT AND improve-
«olU.UUu. inents; Hayes si. .block from Mar-
ket; flue investment; offer wanted.
©1 £ (\f\f\ OR -WILL EXCHANGE .- IN
§1 PL (\f\n part for city, EXCHANGE IN
itJ.UUU. part forcity, Oakland or Alameda;
fine residence; largo lot; vicinity Turk and Van
Ness aye. ; .
®Q7^n SPECIAL BARGAIN: 'LOT AND
tJDI O\f. cottage:. Bush St.. near Lacuna: lot
alone worth price asked; must be sold by Monday.
I. SHAIF, 18 Post. ■
60-VARAS ON THE APEX AND PlN-
nacle of the choicest residence site in this city:
for sale either in 60-varas or subdivisions; .lo-
cation, Clay and Octavia s'.s.; marine view on
north, east, south and west, impossible of obstruc-
tion; must be seen to be appreciated.
This property is the famous Lafayette Park, now
known as Holladay Heights. Title absolutely
perfect; terms reasonable.
■ . . WILL E. FiSHSR <fc CO., 14 Post st.
Q J I 7 JACKSON ST., BET. LAUREL AND
Oil i. Locust New modern house of 9 rooms
and batn: must be seen to be appreciated.
409 Laurel st.— New modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; rent low.
WILL E. FISHER A CO.. 14 Post St.
1l"OR SALE— A CABINET-FINISHED RESI-
-dence; all natural wood; no paint or graining:
quarter-sawed oak, birdseye maple, mahogany
and curley redwood; Roman brick mantels: it
will pay you to look at It if you want a boms ;
every room sunny: unobstructed marine view.
Apply to owner, cor. Clay and Laurel sts.
AROAIN; SACRIFICE: SO REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
SHADBURNE. 415 Montgomery at.
tJH7nft EXAMINE TO-DAY; 50x110: nT
ffp 4UU. side Silver aye., 6'J feet E. Cram st.,
College Homestead .Association. CHARLES C
FISHER, 607 California st. '
•\ro-U MAY THINK OF BUYING OR BUILD-
X ln« a house: see what we have to offer: new,
well built, up to date houses; fine locality; right
prices. 740 Ashbury St., above Haisni.
6-ROOM COTTAGE. NEW, CLOSE TO ELEC-
O trie-car line: lot 25x125. 2 Valencia st.
I ' A V -LITTLE 12-KOOM PACIFIC
Heights home; $13,500; V 3 cash; balance
$100 per month. Address S., box 62, Call Oiiiee.
C. BKMIs, ~y~~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
3-4 MONTGOMERY »T.
FOR -ALE.
$2600— E. side of Mtanyan B*., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
96000—- modern houses of ' 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet: electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 8-roomed house on Harrison sL,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4UX3so, «W. cor. 19th aye. and
25th st. . elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-bouse; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer.
WHY PAY RENT? ; ... "~
' » W hen you can buy cheap on easy terms.'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole su, near Waller; all
modern Improvements: street to be bltumlnized;
large lots, 25x126. Owner on premises.
QjXAfV CABH: BALANCE LIKE RENT;
«Jpt.'UU fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100; McAllister st., bet. Broderick and Baker:
cable-cars pass.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. 4 Montgomery st.
II KAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 59x135; $60 down. $5 monthly.
$200— Lot 26x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
$550- Lot 50x120; sewered; $25 down, flO
monthly. ■ .
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
"VfEW COTTAGET923" YORK ST., NEAR 218T;
--> 5 rooms and bath; high basement; porcelain
tub; substantially built; everything modern and
convenient; price $'.'9UO; easy terms, equal to rent
if desired; lot 25x1U0 ft. owner on premises daily.
QQnnn LOT 2 on Howard, near
tJpOV'UV/. 6th. house has large store and 16
rooms. H. F., box 62. this office.
JACOB HEYMAN WILL REMOVE JUNE 1
to 11 Montgomery st.
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
flat aud cottaces built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHKY, 1149 Mission
IpOR SALE. CHEAP— '--STORY HOUSES;
'lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment;, rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. _^
'OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
-T just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
•ftl A^\C\ RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
<irX~i»)\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50. Holly Park; small 'payments, same as
rent. CADENASSO A CO., 612 Montgomery st.
Q1 PvfJ COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
•iT -» 1- \J . just built; plastered basement: con-
crete walks in front aDd rear; decorated through-
out and superior to any before built in the Mission;
$350 cash and $30 per mouth; on Twenty-fourth-
reet i ctric line. 42 ;9. near Douglas nt.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE. ~"
ALTA PUNTA ' TRACT^TIIE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
corth of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
$-00: small deposit; easy installments;. Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. ' GEORGE
W. HA Mill r, 220 Sausome st.. San Francisco, Cal.
COUNTKY HEAL ESTATE.
A GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NKW ENGLAND
farm : 390 acres richest river bottom laud all
under cultivation; SOU acres in wheat; 14-crop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; _-ilk-
liouse; barns; chicken-house; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
stock, tools, wagons go with place: price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75; best value In State.
JOHN T. HALL. Alameda. Cal.
<£»"! 1 900 1 HAVE 5 IMPROVED STOCK
t\DXXm£i\J\J. ranches, near each other, all clear,
aggregating 1120 acres; will exchange: fine -resi-
dence In Gllroy,'s4oOU, and San Jo» $8500. 20-
-acre ranch, Sonoma Coun.y, $1000; 30 acres fruit
land near Napa. $-200: 2 acres in Napa, $600:
16V2 acres vineyard, at St. Helena, 41600; ail
clear; elegantly furnished summer villa In Santa
Cruz Mountains. CHAS. COLT ON, 906 Market st.
I^OR HOMES IN LOS « \TOS OR ORCHARDS
. in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. R. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble A CO.
IpOR SALE— I2O COWS,. B HORSE*. HOGS,
-F wagons, harness, farming tools, dairy utensils
and household turnllure, in exceptionally good
and complete condition, on a 500-acre dairy ranch
in Mm in County; land can be either bought or
leased cheap.
SHAND A RIB LET. Novato, Marin County.
■' 8. F. office, room 3. second floor. Mills building.
T~~C> SAVE FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
Choice lands $35 per acre; 1 % hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 67 Chronicle building.
FOR SALE — FINE HOME ON TOM ALES
Bay; 6 minutes from postofflce, station and
scboolhouse; property comprises about 80 acres
first-class /arm laud: 8 fields, from 1 to 26 acres
each; house lVi stories; stone cellar; 2 barns, 1
dairy-bouse, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses; abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. R. R. skirts the property; price
only $160 per acre, half cash, balance on mortgace.
.For particulars apply to J AMES RISCIONI,
Marshall, Marin County, Cal.
T OCATED IN A LAM ED COUNTY— 320
JLJ acres of farming and gracing land; plenty of
water and timber: only $6 per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth St., Oakland, or 41 Sixth St., S. F. -
nr\l\ ACRE DAIRY.HOU AND WOOD RANCH:
UUU U. S. patent; IV2 miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in hay; fair bouse, burn, etc.; 10 aprlngs and two
running reams of water; will carry 100 head of
stock and cvi 6000 cords of oak wood; $9500: half
cash: a snap. D. H. TWINO. Sonoma City, CaL
/IONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALJ2;
V send for lisu D. J. WEST, Martinez.' CaL
MA"IN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES MILKS
from Han Francisco.
Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut »uj «iz« desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land; : no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; ■■ $40 to $76 per acre; terms made
to suit: Sena lor circular. -.--.. •.
- Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. -.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 84
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FUR OUR LIST OF ORCHAUD HUM S
for sale. WOOSTER A WRITTEN. Saa Joan.
T ITTLJfi HOifcE* CLOSB TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; : also 4, 6 and Vi acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 8 partly improved,
with small house, etc, D. H. TWIAU, bonoma
City. Inonlr^ Marks* St.. a F. .
PKOPEHT- TO EXCHANGE.
"?»7^ LAB~GE~ToRNr.R LOT IN~SUTTER
(JpDc). City; worth $200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
r.f\f\ BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
tJUU 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, fromslt'o t0........... 50,000
100 busiuess places, all kinds, from 850 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 8,000
. H. C. DECKKK, 1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
T AND WANTED INLARGr; BODIES FRO-M-
-XJ 1000 acres up: Improved or unimproved; will
deal with owners only Address Farm, Field and
Fireside, Homeseekers* . Department, Chicago, 111.
XVXCHANGE— FOR IMPROVED RANCH, UN^
X\i lncumbcred, lot ln'San Francisco. 47x114 feet,
on Twenty-fourth St.. No*. 982 and 934, with build-
ings In good condition; ' 2 stores: : large ball-com-
pletely fitted up; - 4-room cottage; •• electric-cars on
street; valuation $8000; mortgage $3000. .: J., box
4, Call Office. . : - . '.-.•...
I<yQ(\ ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
_OU water: tine for cattle-raising. N.,bx.l6,Cail
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI V ESTATE. _■_._'_'_
ARGAIN — $375: $275 CASH, 6 PER
month; 5-room house: lot 80x100: well; 'iy%
blocks . from cars. W3L. P. TODD, 100_ Broad-
way, Oakland. ■':-.■ .-> .
OUSE.S_SSSO, 3 ROOMS; $900. 9 ROOMS;
, $1100, 4 rooms and hall: $1200. 8 rooms: all
near local train. .LODGE <_. POWELL, Fruit-
vale Station. ■ • • • . . , < • ■ •
\y ANTED — SUMMER BOARDERS: HOME
'» cooking; convenient to electric and local steam
cars. ;ll<_ Seventeenth st., East Oakland. V
WANTED— 5 ACRES IN FRUITVALE;
»» must be cheap for cash. _ A P., Call Office,
Oakland. . . . .- - .
O YOU WANT TO RENT A FURNISHED
house or cottage? We have them nicely fur-
nished throughout as low as $20: all in good resi-
dence quarter, close to schools, churches and
electric cars: we will rent you nice sunny cottages
of 4, 5 and 6 room* at. $7, $10, $12 and up; we
have choice flats that have ahvavs rented at ■ $20
to y_ s that are now offered at $15 and under; we
have elegant two-story houses, both furnished and
unfurnished, with all modern conveniences, to
rent at prices made to suit the times: we are a
new firm with property listed at revised up-to-date
low-tide prices; if you are going to move see us
before you rent: we can save you dollars: the
Elghth-st. cars at Broadway bring you right to
our door. B. H. WELCH * CO., cor. Filth aye.
and Eighteenth St., East Oakland, Cal.
I ■'OK BALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CLEAR
X Oakland. Alameda or San Francisco property—
A beautiful summer resort and fruit ranch near
l.osGatos: rents for $SOO per year; $40"0 can re-
main on place. E. HILL, Donohoe building, San
Francisco.
en firm 160 ACRES in SONOMA COUNTY.
*irXO\J\J. near railroad; house; barn, etc.;
this property cost $S0UO; sale or trade clear.
ALDEN A KRON ENBERG, 902 Broadway.
Oakland.
<3i_t^n HOUSE AND LOT; BOxlSO: WELL
tiP~±O\J. located: near cars. ALDEN &KKON-
ENBEHQ. 902 Broadway, Oakland. :
rnWO-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
X ration in Oakland: only 2 blocks from station ;
house in first-class condition: plumbing entirely
new: will sell on easy terms or exchange for im-
proved or unimproved San Francisco property.
Address R. P., box 20, Call Office.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTAiI>
en is equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
pas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tlon. ■•
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
Ij^Oß RENT— SI 7 50 ONLY, 7-ROOM FLAT;
. no dark or inside rooms; closets; stoves all set;
water: dumb-waiter: 956 Union St.. Oakland.
A.H. BHEKD A- C ■■■.. 460 Ninth Bt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND . FUKNITUKE TOR SALE.
tjpOO, HAAS*. 408 Eleventh st . Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
At, AMEP A KE ESTATE.
FRUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
net 80 per cent; 30 aci?s peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and do-
ins; cannery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propc-
sition in the State. JOHNT. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
ARCUSE A REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
and . builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$2200— $25 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage;* s rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $-2 50 monthly; 63x117; cot-
taee of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 85x100; sunny
corner bouse; 7 rooms and bath.
$3000-Nocaah: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms. '
$3260—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location. .
Several special bargains In tots. "
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\J lot. $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THUS.
F. BAIRD. 1303 Park st.
Oofifi cHOic eTnew 6-room cottage,
£T>_j«JUU. lot 35x109, all street work; $200
cash. $25 a month; nice cottage, 4 rooms, lot,
$1500, terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 6. 6 end 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. if. DKNKE, real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh at.. Alameda.
A SNAP— IF YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one Just finished on Central
aye., between Oak. and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure If yon wished to buy it will suit you, as It.
i.-. for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open moat every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth at.. Oakland.
pHEAPJBST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one rear for $150, post-
«g free. ■ • > ■ ■ • . .---:■■.-
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO ItEM-XKW COTTAGE; 0 ROOilS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. ilaatlclc and
nciual station. Alameda. ■ -
UEKKELEY KEAL ESTATE." ~~
IpOR SALE— A LOVELY NEW HOME" IN
1 Berkeley; close to station and university; 9
rooms; entirely modern: a genuine bargain: only
$3160. O. G. MAY A CO, 21-3 Center, Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
'J insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. ...... . . . . ;
I^LEGANT, NEW, MODERN 5-ROOM CUT-
Jl_ tage: 40x100; $1400. F. BOEULE, Golden
Gate station. .
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy, terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. j
BERKELEY HOUSES. ' "■
moLE*T7TsTl£Kin_in_EY7^^
1 tage of 5 rooms and bath; rent $13; water free.
Address 8., box 81, Call Ollice. •
1?(OR , RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION .IN
.- Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc; all beautifully
' furnished: to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. ■
"1/* OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 5 ROOMS
J? and batn: piano; $30. -014 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berry man station. . . -
PROPERTY WANTED. ;;■■■,
WANTED^RESIDENCE, FOR BTOCK AND
bog ranch. Owner, 20 O'Farrell St., room 4.
ANTED — ROADHOUSE, WITH SOME
land: state price and description. F. A., box
16. this office.
~~~ SIOMiV TO LOAN.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
1 to ssooo on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
OANS ON REAL kSTATK IST OR 2ND
-'mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rales. BECKER, 3¥B Montgomery.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
-_V jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN- JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings. ;
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 2D or 3D MORTGAGES; !
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro- [j
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. . . ; . . '
■\fONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
_VL eat per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
\ 1 ON V LOANED OX JKWJIiLUY AND
1* other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1 3 Market st.. nr. Mason: private cut ranee 7 Turk.
ORTC4AGKS, LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates, Sylvain baloman A C 0. ,328 Montgy
I \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
J--' no removal: no delays; do commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
O life insurance policies, 33 1 Pine st. ' '
T OANS ON FUHNITUHE, PIANOS AND
XJ diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
1 ST & MOItTUAGKS; INTERKsIS IN X.-*-
J. tates;io\Ttst rates dHlav.MUßPHY,ti2riMric-
*. DVANCESON L>s>. J \V E Lit V . C
J~\ t'olnmbla I.cmi .fr «'o:in:<"-al t:<- .. P ..,..■ «iv». .
i'A»Ai»i;oKKi;s. •
T 1-0 1 KEARNY ST.," KOOM i— MONBY
loaned, watches, diamond*. «to.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator* -- 7 -"U'l for sal j cheap.
~ PH .^cji A S. ~~~
pEMovKD 6"I>ON?CKLL TO 1.03
it Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
T\ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT dr. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is aituaranteeof fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. •
-IAKK-AUE - Llti.Nsts. -. ..
The following marriage license were Issue! by
the County Clerk ofllc9Testt>rftar:
DIVO-iC-.* l*itOC_2-S->l-«U,.
Complaint —Mi ■ ~ -.:'-■'
' Margareta Lelstner against John Leistner.
Divorces granted:,
Pauline ? Nolan -. from James E. Nolan, •■ for
cruelty: by Judge Hebbard. '
A. D.tlton from Francis M. Dalion, for desertion ;
by Judge Hehbard.
' Lillian .L. Dodge fromElbert A. Dodge, for
cruelty, by Judge Murphy. PlaiaMfT allowed $20
a month alimony and custody of minor children.
Alimony proceedings:
'Antoiue Lasalle vs. Jeanue Lasalle; ; plaintiff
ordered to pay defendant $23 a month, pendent©
lite, by Judge Seaweil. • . . . :
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
• [Birth, marriaze and death notices sent by man -
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name aud residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. "
BORN.
AXELROD— In this city, May 12. 1896, to the
wife or S. Axelrod, a daughter. . ■ \v
EISNER— this city. May 24, 1896, to the wife
of Philip Eisner, a daughter. r ■ ••
EPHRAIM-In this city, May 28, 1896, to th«
wife of Fred Ephralm, a daughter.
LOONEY— In this city. May 24, 1896, to the wife
of James J. Looney, a daughter.
GEFKEN— In this city, May 26, 1896, to the wife
of John Gefken, a son.
_________ .__
MARRIED.
ACHESDN-MORELAND— May 27, 1898. by the
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., Allen E. Acbeson and
Jessie M. Moreland.
AHKENS— BRCNING-In thH city, May 27,
1898, by the F»ev. J. H. Schroeder, Albert N. :
Ahrens and Minn!* M. Brunlng.
EBEL-UMLAND— In this city. May 27, 1896,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Gusta'v Ebel and
Henrietta Umland. . ' v•<
MUDGETT— HAMMER— In 'this city. May 29,
1836, by the Rev. Dr.W.W. Case. W. N. Mudgett
and Bertha Hammer, both of San Francisco.
OVERLEY— In Oakland, Cal., -May 27,
1896, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, William
Christopher Overley Of Sacramento and Mrs.
Nellie Wilson of Oakland.
ROEHR-EHLERS— In this city, May 24, 1898,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, William Roehrand
Jennie Enters.
SANDERSON-McMULLIN— In Oakland. May
28, 1896, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Robert
Sanderson and Rebecca McMullin, both of Out-
land. . .
THORP— B LECHER— In this City, May 23. 1899,
by the Rev. J. A. Schroeder, Joseph R. Thorp
ahd Annie C. Biecher. - • *
nitsn.
Ashim, Simon . Kerrigan, Ellen
Cohan, John - . McKeever, Catherine
Donavon, Mary . Meyer, Irene V. %
Dounell. Rode M. . Po.lesta. David ..'*" .-: .
Fenton, Daniel P. Perry. Rose
Flower, Susanna P. > Peterson, Anders ■
Forster, George W. Polas_J, Surah
Hurd, J. H. Shannon, Amanda '
Hughes, Joseph Schou, Charles W.
Kelly, Michael , Scott, Loretta SI.
Schnler, John M. '
ASHlM— Friends of the late Simon Ashim are re.
spectfully invited to attend the dedication of a
monument TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 13:30
o'clock p. v., at Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
COHAN— In this city, May 28. 189& John Cohan,
a native of Austria, aged 27 years.
JSTFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Journeymen Tailors' Protec-
tive and Benevolent Union ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery..
DON AVON— In this city. May 27, 1896. Mary. wife
of Michael Donavon and mother of Daniel J. and
John M. Donavon, Mrs. John Sweeny, Mrs. John
W. Stewart, Mrs. Steve Pollen, Mrs. Eugene da
Sparr and Mrs. Captain Charles Ziegler. and tne
late Maggie A. Dona yon of Honolulu, H. 1., a na-
tive of Grange, County Cork, Ireland, aged '73
" years. [Portland (Me.) papers please copy.
j>S"Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. _, from tier late resi-
dence, 10 Godeus street, off Mission, near
Twenty-ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9a. j*. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONNELL— In this city, May 26, Bosie __. Don-
nell, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
FENTON— In this city, May 28, 1896, Daniel P.,
dearly beloved husband of Bertha A. Fenton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years and 1
month. •
*3-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _, from his late
residence, 418 Twelfth avenue, off Point Lobos
road, thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Pleass omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FLOWER— In this city. May 28, 1893, Susanna
Pyee orge, beloved wife of August Flower, sis -
of Mrs. E. H. GercKen, aunt of William and
Charles Gercken, Mrs. Alex Dijeau ana Mrs.
Frank Derm, a native of Germany, aged 49 years
1 month and 22 days. :
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Hoffnun; Lodge No.
1, Order of Hermann's Sons, Sisters O. d. H. S.
: Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FORSTER— In this city, May 29, 1896, George
. William Forster. a native of Los Angeles, Cal.,
aged 1 year and 9 mouths.
HUGHES— In this city. May 29, 1896, Joseph,
beloved son of Joseph and the late Margaret
Hughes, a native of New York City, aged 33
years 4 months and 18 days.
HURD— this city, May 28, 1898, J. H. Hard,
dearly beloved husband of Lissette Hurd. and
father of Mrs. Dr. Evans of Modesto, a native of
Maine, aged 67 years and 2 months. .
• e«r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. is., from St. John's
Hall, Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Crockett
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
KELLY— this city. May 23, 1898 Michael, be-
loved husband of Winefrod Kelly, father of
Edward E.. John A. and Thomas J. Kelly,
brother of Mrs. Bridget Kenny and Lawrence
Kelly, and uncle of Mrs. Bernard A. Connolly,
a native of County Gal way, .- Ireland, aged 6-
years and 6 months.
J9"Frlends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _, from his late
residence, 1146 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KERRIGAN— In this city, May 28, Ib9B, Ellen,
widow of the late Eugene Kerrigan and mother
of James J. and Mary A. KerrUran and Mrs.
James P. Dockery, a native of County Jiosconi-
mon, Ireland, aged 63 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resoecc- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Saturday) at 9:30 a. h. from the residence of
her son-in-law, - James P. Dockery. 27 Lloyd
street, between ' Scott and Devlsadero, Waller
and . Ridley, , thence to Sacred Heart Church,
" Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleasa
omit flowers.
MoKEEVER— In this city, Ma- 27, 1896, Cather-
ine, beloved sister of Peter McKeever, a native
of County Lonth, Ireland, aged 58 years.
*»- Friends and acquaintances are reaoecs-"
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
late residence, 917 Howard street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, - where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of - her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ; Please omit flowers.
MEYER— In Alameda. May 28, 1893. Irene Vio-
let Meyer, a native of Alameda, aged 2 years 3
month and 28 days.
PERRY— In Corte Madura. Marin County. Mair
29, 1896, Rose, beloved dauebterof John C. and
Lois Perry, and sister of Minnie. Sadie, Jennie,
Harry and John Perry, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 6 months and 2 days. - .
Remains can be seen until Sunday morn-
ing at the parlors of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2429 Mission street. Interment
TO-MORROW (Sunday) at flalfmoon Bay.
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
May 29, 1896, Anders Peterson, aged 36 years.
PODESTA— In this cl'.y. May 27.1896. David,
dearly beloved son of the late Mrs. Catherine
.Podesta, and brother of Louis and George Po-
desta. Mrs. C. Parodl. Mrs. - T. Rossi' and Mr*.
L. Rossi, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 9 months and 7 days. .-.
jBi"Frien(ls .and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday'), at 3 'o'clock p. m.. from Garibaldi
Hall, 423 Broadway, thence to Italian Cemetery.
At 11 o'clock a. v. same day there will be cele-
brated a requiem high mass for the repose of
L hi? soul at SU Peters and St. Paul's (Ii alian)
Church. i '■.'■'•■■-.
POl.as KI-In Los Angeles. May 24. 1893. Sarah
PoiaskL . : :
SCHOU— In this city. May 29. ' 1896, . Charles W.,
beloved husband of Mollle Sohou. and father of .
Edith and Georgia Schou, and brother of Mrs.
- Katie Rock, a native of Bornholm, Denmark,
aged 86 years 5 months and 23 days. A member
of the Danish Brotherhood.
SCHULER— In Alameda. May .9, • 1896. John
.: Marku*, beloved son of Henry Schuler, a native
of Columbia, CaL, aged 29 years 11 months and
: 17 days. .v: >:: ■■•■-■. . ■ • - ■ ■
Friends ana acquaintances are * respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock r. m., from the residence
of his father, 584 Central avenue. Alamada.
lmermeut Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
SCOTT— In this city. May 29, 189tJ. Loretta M.,
beloved daughter of George ■ F. and Hannah M.
'Scott, a native of San Jos?, asted 6 months.
SHANNON— In this city. May 27, 1896, Amanda,
b-loved wife of Davl l shannon, ; and mother of
Witinifred and Alma Shannon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 6 months and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintance'!! arc resuect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock P. M., from her late resi-
dence.. 442V_'' Clementina street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. -
Y. M. 1. -Pioneer : Council 1 ; No. 1, Y. M. I.: A re-
. quiem mass will be celebrated ; for the repose of
the souls of the d -ceased brothers of the above
. council at 8U Mary's Church, Cal fornla street.
THIS DAY (Saturday), commencing at 9:30
. o'clock a. x. . : : . ■. ■ . ■
1 UNITED IJNDEBTAKEKS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-ci—s Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. .-
Telephone South. 167. .-i 27 and 29 Fifth st. \.
..
I MCAVOY _ GALL AC HER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALM
•0 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8089.
1516
JUNTA MEN
AND FIGHTS,
Sam Braunhart Is Worried
and Kicking the
Traces.
POPPER RESTLESS TOO.
At the Primary the "Push"
Knifed Barclay Henley and
Other "High Joints."
WHY PHELAN WAS SCRATCHED
The Election Was Quiet Except iv
the Thirty-Fourth— The Vote
and the Delegation.
Samuel Braunbart is kicking up a civil
war of his own in the Junta organization.
His mutterings of discontent and his
quietly made threats against McNab and
Chairman Sullivan become outbursts of
open war with increasing frequency.
The other evening he went at Sullivan
in hammer-and-tongs style at headquar
ters, and charged McNab and Sullivan
with being in a combination with Daggett
and Rainey to run things.
"That combination was made two weeks
ago," Braunhart declared in his wrath.
He further declared that Daggett was "de
bauching the delegation." The latter
charge referred to the current efforts of that
big Federal boss at the Mint to get doubtful
delegates into the camp with Daggett,
McNab and Rainey, gold and the adminis
tration programme.
Max Popper was present taking a hand
in the hot discussion, and he put in the
declaration, "If such a combination ex
ists McNab is responsible for it. He
holds the key to the situation."
Popper's friends say that he is as dis
gusted as is Braunhart with the way Me-
Nab has let Daggett and Rainey secure
control; that he says that Be is not
working to down Buckley that Rainev
and Daggett may be built up, and that if
such a combination tries to put through a
programme at Sacramento ha will de
nounce it in the convention.
Nobody is certain whether Braunhart
will kick over the traces at Sacramento or
not, and Daggett, McNab and Sullivan.
don't care muc» because they have turned
nim down so completely that he can't do
much damage. He is not a delegate him
self and tbe bunch of delegates he can in
fluence is small. Braunhart is a radical
silver man and the organization he is in is
so completely controlled by the Federal
brigade that it will be nearly unanimous
for what he opposes on principle. The
silver votes| in the delegation are now
variously estimated at from 12 to 30.
Then Braunhart is at war with Dageett
and Rainey. He has become suspicious
of McNab's programme. He thinks that
McNab and the people with him will
damp him completely after the State con
vention if they retain control oi the ma
chine, and the gulf between him and
Chairman Sullivan, whom Braunhart
"discovered" originally, widens daily.
There are many on Braunhart's side,
and when the convention is over the in
ternal dissensions now rigorously sup
pressed will break out m all sorts of places.
The Junta primary, between the hours
of 7:30 and 10:30 o'clock last evening, was
a quiet ratification in every district but
the Thirty-fourth, which presented the
only contest and the only hot time.
Quite a little crowd could be seen about
any of the polling-places, and the number
of tickets that found their way into the
eighteen ballot-boxes by whatever process
numbered about 3700.
There was considerable bitterness as well
as heat in the contest in the Thirty-fourth,
where a Daggett- Rainey ticket was run in
opposition to the regular one. In this
district the member of the campaign com
mittee is an anti-Dagsett man — Attorney
R. L. Mann, who is in Judge Maguire's
law office. His six nominees were: W.
A. Beatty, John Heenan, Charles With
beck, B. L. Flood, Daniel Creed and D. L.
Nesbit.
The Daggett-Rainey people nominated
John T. Dbwling, John Hammond, Henry
T. Hastings, James Haw ley and Henry C.
Poetz.
During tne progress of the primary one
of the nominees on the Mann ticket,
Charles Wit b beck, had his head laid open
with a blackjack and he went to the Re
ceiving Hospital for repairs.
It did not happen at the primary, and
there are various opinions as to whether
it was a part of the district battle or not.
Withbeck left the polls to make a trip up
Capp street, and on that thoroughfare,
some distance from the voting place,
he was suddenly struck from beiiind and
left unconscious. Nothing was taken from
him and the assailants are unknown. The
result of the Thirty-fourth contest was not
reported at headquarters last night.
The Twenty-eighth had promised a
fierce contest, but the strong power of the
campaign committee squelched It The
anti- Rainey element controlled the inside
through Secretary John T. McGovern and
Campaign Committeeman Tierney. The
Rainey faction, led by Jack Welch and the
Hayes people, intended to give battle.
They held the rolls, which were known to
be greatly stuffed in their interest, and de
fiantly disobeyed the order of the cam
paign committee to turn them in for purg
ing.
Then the campaign committee settled
them by refusing to allow their nominees
on the ticket and to count them if voted
for. The Raineyites took their medicine
and quit and an old-time primary was
avoided.
One notable and interesting feature of
this primary in the interest of pure poli
tics was the way the "high joints," as the
highly respectable leading men among
those fifty-tbree delegates-at-large are
termed. The "push" knifed the "high
NEW TO-SAT.
For Children's Skin
' scalp, and hair, nothing in the whole world la so
cleansing, purifying, and beautifying as
CUTICURA
SOAP
prre«t and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.'
' For distressing facial eruptions, irritations of
the scalp, dry, thin, and felling hair, red. rough
hands; chafin^s, inflammation*, and simple baby
. rashes and blemishes, it is wonderful. <
. Sold throDzbont the world. ' Sale greater than th« com-
bined sale* of all other (kin leapt. Hotter Dkoo and
Chem. Co«r.. Sole Prop*.. Ho.ton. U. M A. ■ ■ ':
■ mr " How to Purify and ileiuUly.liaby '■ Skin," free. •
joints." The way Barclay Henley got it
was terrific.
He was scratched more than any of the
others in every district, and in the Thirty
second District, where 215 ballots went
into the box, he was scratched on 214 of
them. Of course this scratching was
merely an expression of dislike. There
being but one set of delegates, all were
elected anyway.
In the Thirty-ninth an old German pro
ceeded to inspect the ticket as he came up
to vote.
"James D. Phelan— a capitalist," he
said, with indignation, as his pencil made
a vicious scratch.
"E. B. Pond— another— capitalist," and
there was another vigorous scratch. The
voter didn't get further than "James V.
Coleman" and "George T. Marye" until be
scratched the whole delegation at large for
being in bad company anyway.
The delegates and the number of votes
cast by districts, as reported Jast evening,
are as follows:
Delegates-at-large— James D. Phelan, E. B.
Pond, Barclay Henley, George T. Marye Jr.,
James V. Coleman, Eugene N. Deuprey. James
Deninan, M. Green blatt, John Fay, William J.
Wißgy. CHtus Barbour, Jeremiah Lynch, A.
Richet, John Foley, Henry Fortmann, P. B.
Boland, H. W. Rea. J. Donahue, Chris Reis,
John J. Maguire, C. M. Chase, Marion
Biggs, John Brickwedel, Jasper McDonald, W.
J. Gleason, Osgood Putnam, H. Brandenstein,
O. Howard Thompson, Charles W. Reed. A. A.
Watkius, Frank P. Hughes, T. J. Walsh, Dr. D.
K. Ragßn, Paul F.Kingston, Joseph M. Nou-
X es, B. A. Bourne, Michael Meagher, Isadore
Jacobs, s. c. Scheeline, R. L. Mann. George B.
G.Klfiey. J. P. Hopkins, Eliot McAllister, J.J.
Mi-heKan, J. B. Kearney, T. M. Searey, P. J.
Tomaity, Captain P. M. Delaney, L J. Hurley,
John Mannix, M. J. Mcßrearty, P. H. McKenna,
Joseph K. Hawkins.
Twenty-eighth District— John F. McGovern,
John Jennings, John Murphy, Eugene F.
Lacey. L. Hoey, M. Rodfjers— 233 votes.
Twenty-ninth— Aur Tillinan, John Allen,
Paul E. Struck, Henry sheehan, J. M. Strauss,
J. Flannagan — 389 votes.
Thirtieth — George Fitzgerald, Charles Goet
gen, William EL Sulliv«n, John Heaney,
Thomas McCreagh, E. J. Hannon— 244 votes.
Thirty-nrst— D. J. McCarthy, Bernard Me-
Ardle, James Sharkey, J. B. Henrionelle, Chris
Hilliard, Daniel R. Sullivan— 247 votes.
Thirty-second— T. Donovan', W. Aitken, I. W.
Cook, George McCall, T. Murphy, J. Leary— 2lo
votes.
Tnirty-third— John O'Donnell, Thomas E.
Scully, J. Lehaney, H. M. Breen, Thomas F.
Mitchell, John Holland.
Thirty-fifth— F. J. O'lCeilly, John Massey, X.
Scheeline, John 11. Grady, Michael Curran,
Thomas Brennan— 223 votes.
Thirty-sixth— T. J. Lyons, B. H. Wieners,
Hugh Jones', J. J. Riordan, Max Popper, James
U. Carroll— 22(> votes.
Thirty-seventh — Thomas J. Burke, W. J.
Williams. R. G. Kunan, Edward Dea&y, James
Byrne, William Hanley— 92 votes.
Thirty-eighth— Thomas F. Clark, Thomas F.
O'Brien. John P. Cully, Huiro Asher, C A.
Reynolds, E. A. Wet tig— 92 votes.
Thirtv-ninth— J. H. Doolittle, A. T. Vogel
sang, Dr. J. W. O'Rourke. J. C. Bunner,
Thomas P. Fenton, Jeremiah V. Coffey— lß3
votes.
Fortieth— M. C. Hassett, C. J. Sullivan, T. P.
Riordan, Sydney Van Wyck, P. J. White, J. L.
Franklin— l 67 votes.
Forty-first— John F. Fitzpatrick, I. W. Davis,
Charles E. Mooser, Walter l£. Levy, Sol H.
Jacobs, John N, Mueh — 153 votes.
Forty-second— John D. O'Learv, Frank Con.
lin, Frank McElrath. Mariin Fltiherty, John
Murphy, George Brown— l4s votes.
Forty-third— C. Luhn, William Abbott, H. A.
Conrad, Samufel Pollock. H. R. Williar, S. B.
Carleton— 7G votes.
Forty-fourth— C. J. Mogan, G. H. Kendall,
James Riley, John Lynch, John Feeney, Albert
Bear— 27s votes.
Forty-fifth— Gavin McNab, H. Sutliff, Peter
Mc.Mahon, Isadore Townsend, J. H. M. Shet
terley, P. A. Finegan— 22B vote's.
APOTHECARIES IN UNITY
Annual Meeting of the Califor
nia College of Phar
macy.
To Inculcate a Spuit of Good Fellow-
ship Among Its Members Its
Object.
The annual convocation of the Califor
nia Pharmaceutical Society held its meet
ing at 113 Fulton street yesterday, with
the following officers : S. Oberdeener, pres
ident; G. E. Bacon, first vice-Dresident;
E. A. Bagot, second vice-president; G. J.
Harvey, secretary, and C. A. Bayly, treas
urer.
In addition to the regular members of
the society a general invitation had been
extended to all chemists who choose to at
tend. This had the effect of gathering to
the meeting quite a large assembly of the
representative men engaged in the drug
business.
In consequence of the action taken at the
last annual meeting one year ago, whereby
the present officers were elected for a
period of eighteen months instead of the
customary one year, there was little im
portant basi ness transacted other than a
general discussion over the trade theme
and the best way to protect the individ
uals who conduct small as well as large
stores acainst capital encroachments on
the part of persons engaged in the busi
ness who have cut prices, with no other
object in view than to injure their less
fortunate rivals who have to struggle
against dull times and active competition.
The object of the College of Pharmacy
a? set out in the constitution clearly de
fines what the society is organized for.
It is:
We regard the profession of pharmacy as one
that demands knowledge, still and Integrity
on the part of those engaged in it. We desire
to see a high standard of qualification main
tained among us, and believe that this can
best be secured by the free communication "of
such knowledge as each possesses, by associat
ing together for mutual Improvement in our
art. and by frequent conierences on matters
pertaining thereto. We deem it eminently de
sirable that a fraternal feeling should ahvayn
be manifested between our members, and that
the most cordial relations should exist be
tween the medical proiession and ourselves
To confer together at stated periods for a
general supervision of the drug business, for
social and scientific culture, and for the pro
motion of harmony and friendliness among
the members.
To stimulate the younger members and ap
prentices to a proper course of study, by giv
ing instructions by a series of lectures and
practical demonstrations.
This, if fully carried out by all who are
engaged in the apothecary business would,
it is claimed by the members of the college,
elevate the profession and be the means of
securing a fair and legitimate line of busi
ness with the public.
WILLIAM WASHINGTON MAIN.
The Last Ceremonies Over a Worthy and
Respected Pioneer.
Laurel Hill Cemetery witnessed last
Wednesday afternoon the interment of
a respected pioneer and leading spirit in
our mercantile community for the pasi
forty-five years — William Washington
Main. The deceased, it will be remem
bered, met with a fatal accident in the
store of Main & Winchester early last
March, but the body has Bince then' been
lying in the cemetery receiving-vault
awaiting the arrival of one of the daugh
ters, Miss Alice L. Main, wnoonly reached
the City last Monday after an extended
visit to friends in Guatemala.
The interment was of a strictly private
nature, the ceremonies being performed
by Rev. Dr. Elliott. Ex-Supervisor James
W. Burling and J. C. Fitzgerald, publisher
of the Silver Advocate, a son-in-law of the
deceased, were among the principal
Tired of Politics.
James J. Geary, who has efficiently filled the
position of deputy clerk of the Justices' Court
ever since Clerk WiUUms was elected by the
Justices, will no longer be seen behind tbe
desk in the office, as his resignation to take
effect on Monday next was placed In the hands
of Mr. Williams several days ago. Mr. Geary
leaves his present berth to accept a lucrative
position in a piominent mercantile house.
When Germany warred against France
in 1880-71 she put 1,003,000 trooDS in the
field. In the same war the French em
ployed 710,000 men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896.
FITZGERALD TO
DAGGETT'S AID,
Denies That the Mint Fig
ures in Alameda
County.
W. W. FOOTE ON MEMORY
Says the Prison Director Has
Forgotten the Stockton
Convention.
F. J. MOFFITT IN THE KING.
Simply Supporting His Friend to
Down the Man From
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May )
More fuel was added to the Democratic
fire to-night. Prison Director Fitzgerald
took the tield against W. W. Footo, and
having read the latter's opinion, expressed
himself in print in the following forcible
language:
"I have read Mr. Foote's red-eyed state
ment in regard to Mr. Laymance's fight,"
said Mr. Fitzgerald, "and it has interested
me. . I have never had any doubt of where
Mr. Foote stood in this matter and never
have had any doubt where he stood in
anything in which Frank Moflitt took an
active interest politically. This is the
third or fourth time that Mr. Foote has
seen fit to come to the rescue of Mr.
Moffitt and those who are supporting him
in politics in this county.
"I notice that Mr. Foote, if correctly re
ported, frequently "amis' in politics as in
other things. If he will 'anti' just once
more and say in sincerity that he is 'aoti-
Moifitt,' I will not call him, but as the case
now stands with the record of the past in
Alameda County politics I am compelled
to ask him to show his hand. Wny did
Mr. Foote come into this light at this time
'red-eyed?' Merely to help Moffitt and
English. I hay c never once stated to any
person in tbe county or elsewnere that I
wanted or desired aay thing further in this
right than to Bucceed over the Moffitt fac
tion. i statea to Mr. Foote that if he was
a candidate to tbe National Convention I
would help him in any way that I could,
providing he let Mr. Laymance and my
self light this matter out in this county.
"He has seen fit to refuse this and has
declined to remain neutral on the flimsy
excuse that Mr. Daggett is in this light so
far as Alameda County is concerned, i
desire to say that directly or indirectly
I have no combination whatever with Mr.
Daggett; and I repeat what I have said
before, that while he would be willing to
do anything he couid to assist me to de-,
feat Mr. Monitt, that is as far as his in
terest goes.
"Mr. Foote in past years has never
missed an opportunity to vote for Mr.
Moflitt and against me in all political
battles which nave been waged. On the
other hand I have never failed under any
cireurustar.c s up to tbe present moment
to vote for Mr. Foote when his interests
were at stake. If the Democrats of Ala
meda County do not desire to have Motiitt
and the faction which has run the politics
ut' this county lor the last fifteen years re
main in control, now is their time to ex
press it. I am uerely carrying out the
tight which I began some years ago, lone
before Mr. Daegett's name was familiar to
many in Alameda County. It is simply
ridiculous and flimsy to give as an exam
ple that Mr. Daggett desires to control
anything in this county. He does not,
and if he does he cannot do so through me.
"I had sincerely hoped in tnis matter
that if Mr. Foote got into it at all he would
with sincerity aud honesty admit all tbe
facts and state that he was with Mr. Moih' tt
and helping him to pull his chestnuts out
of the fire. I have heard of no one who is
opposed to Mr. Foote for the National
Convention. He lias found imaginary op
position in every direction and it appar
ently has made him 'ied-eyed.' I cannot
help him being afraid of the 'begy man,'
but the truth about it is that tie is in thin
fight because Motiitt and his faction saw
absolute defeat unless Mr. Foote could
pull through. I do not think that Mr.
.r*oote is so big or so great that he can
afford to much longer carry Frank Moflitt
in Alameda County."
W. Foote was shown Mr. Fitzger
ald's remarks just as he was registering
on the Democratic club roll in the Third
Ward. He made a few off-hand remarks
to Frank J. Moflitt, and then suggested
that tie would like to answer it in his li
brary, "where he could think."
"When Mr. Fitzgerald says that I pm
in this fight for the purpose of helping
Mr. Mofhtt to pull his chestnuts out of
the fire he says that which is unquali
fiedly false, and he knows it," said Mr.
Foote. "Anybody who has a particle of
an idea of the condition of affairs in this
county knows that Fitzgerald cannot be
sincere in a political fight, and ho is not
sincere now. Mr. Moflitt is not a candi
date, and he is in this flghi to help me
and Mr. Laymance. Laymance has al
ways been loyal to the party, has never
received any reward, and I am for him
unequivocally, and Mr. Moffitt is
with me.
'•I will pass over Mr. Fitzgerald's tle
phantine attempt to be funny, which is
simply a weakness and get down to facts.
He says: '1 have never failed under any
circumstance up to the present time to
vote for Mr. Foote when his interests w»re
at stake.' He has evidently forgotten that
two years ago when I was a candidate for
the United States Senate lie tendered me
his support. As soon, however, as Stephen
M. White appeared on the scene, Fitzger
ald transferred his support and refused, to
go to Sacramento at all.
"All the talk about Mr. Moflitt is simply
a transparent attempt to bolster up a very
weak case. Everybody knows and I
know, because Davgett's secretary told me
so, that Daggett and every employe or
the Mint that can be Bet to work is in the
field against Laymance for the purpose of
having his dei'eat react on me. Fitzgerald
knows tins, and when he says tnat Dug
gett is not in the tight he fays what any
body knows is false. Mr. Fitzgerald must
be very short-sighted or else be a kinder
garten politician when he says 'I am
merely carrying out the tight which I be
gan some years aeo, long before Mr. Dag
geit'ti name was familiar to many in Ala
meda County.'
"Mr. Fitzgerald has probably never
heard of a certain Stockton Democratic
Convention at which Mr. Daggctt, tlien
Lieutenant-Governor of this State, was
read out of bis party by a vote that was
practically unanimous, and at which a
large majority of the Alameda delegation
voted in favor of ihe resolution. Does
that look as if Daggett's name was little
known in this county ten years ago? This
is a struggle to see whether Daggett,
through Fitzgerald, or Laymance shall
control Democratic politics in Alameda
County. Personally 1 nave no interest in
this affair and would rather retire from
politics entirely, but I do not propose to
be dictated to or misrepresented. Mr.
Fitzgerald pays he is not making the
fight in conjunction with Daggett. This
is false, for Mr. Daggett's secretary has
told me that Fitzgerald is one of the most
frequent visitors to the Mint.
"At a recent meeting of the County
Committee Fitzgerald undertook to pre
vent my election as a delegate-at-lavge.
Certainly that does not look as if he were
for me. Whether lam big or great or any
thing else is not matter for discussion.
We have facts to face.
"Mr. English and Mr. Moffitt have bud
ported me loyally at all times, and so has
Mr. Laymance, and I should be recreant
in my friendship did I allow them to be
dragged into the mire for Fitzgerald's
benefit. Without having entered into an
unholy alliance with Daggett and his
Mint employes, without the aid of his
precious brother, also a State official, and
without the help of that man Dam, who
I y the way owes me $254, for which 1 hold
his note, "his brother's assistant, Robert
Fitzgerald would not be a long-shot possi
bility, and would not be heard from.
"If he has ever tried to advance my in
terests I have failed to discover it. I
deprecate a controversy, but 1 do not pro
pose that Fitzgerald shall maka a state
ment intended to deceive without tearing
the mask from it. He may consider my
language 'red-eyed,' but when he says it
is simply ridiculous and flimsy to give as
an example that Mr. Daggett desires to
control anythinc in this county' he but
adds another ridiculous statement to the
others that precede it. Whether having
lost his memory or whether of the kinder
garten nature of politicians, he certainly
does not know enough to tell the truth."
"Fitzgerald's remarks do not surprise
me." said Frank J. Moflitt to-night.
"Their comparison with the trutd is about
the same as other statements Fitzgerald
has made in the past. lam not v candi
date and want nothing except the triumph
of Mr. Foote. I am working for him be
cause I know how thoroughly Daugett's
employes are hustling in this cunty. This
fight is twelve years old, and but for tbe
help of Daegett at this time Fitzgerald
would probably withdraw. All tnese sub
terfuges, such as the inuendo that it is a
fight between me and Fitzgerald, is too
gauzy to deceive anybody and does not,
but it shows the desperation into which
their weakness has driven them.
"The struggle is between Foote and Dag
gett. Mr. Foote is backed by the com
munity and Daggett of Siskiyou by his
lifetime ally, the railroad. If Senator
Stanford had not rescued the Siskiyou
miner from his political disgrace he would
never again have been heard from. Out
of regard for the power that saved him he
is now and has been since his resurrection
trying to show his eratitude by attempting
the defeat of the railroad's old-time enemy,
W. W. Foote."
A RECEPTION TO FOLL
Members ot the Press Club
Meet the Famous Opera
Singer.
He Sings Several Songs and Greets
Ugo Talbot — Many Prominent
Persons Present.
Signor A. J. Foli, the great opera-singer
of London, who is known over the world
as probably the greatest bassu of his time,
was given an informal reception at the
Press Club last night. The siguor re
mained two hours and a half. There was
a large attendance, and tbe evening was a
signally enjoyable one. The signor told
stories for a time, giving strange experi
ences on the operatic stage in different
countries.
■ Among those present were: Barclay
Henley, Otto Dobbertin, the sculptor,
Superior Jud ge Sanderson, James Hamil
ton, Ugo Talbot and other notable peo
ple, members of the club and invited
guests.
Mr. Talbot formerly sang in Europe in
the same opera company with Signor Foli.
He had not met him for seventeen years,
when he said good-by to him in London.
It was an occasion for rejoicing, and they
recounted such reminiscences as the time
would permit.
Signor Foli was pervailed on to sing.
He had just come from a dinner, and said
be did not feel in voice. Moreover, he
said he had made it a rale of his life never
to sing where there was smoke, and there
was a good deal of smoke in the rooms.
"Why, the Duke of Edinburgh once
asked me to sine at a smoker," tie said,
"and 1 refused him. It was a rule I felt
that I must stick to."
Nevertheless the sienor at length made
an exception of it. He sang the "Bedouin
Love Song," receiving many encores.
Among the songs were "Over the Hills
When the Sun is Low," and applause deep
and prolonged greeted him.
Then Ugo Talbot sang, at the request
of the signor and others, "La Donna c
Mobile," lrom "Rigoletto." He also was
repeatedly applauded. R. Fletcher Til
ton ol the Press Club Quartet was the ac
companist on the piano for both singers.
The reception, thouen in every way infor
mal, was very enjoyable to all present.
SUING FOR TIMBER.
The Govennent Charges SusamTllle
Lumber Firms With Extensive
Thefts of Yellow Pine.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Schlessinger filed a suit in the Circuit
Court yesterday, in which the Government
is made the plaintiff against the following
persons: diaries E, Bremner, William
Bremner. Benjamin H. Leavitt, William
Greehn, A. F. Dixon, Morris Asher, J. D.
Abher, V. B. Woodsum and Charles H.
Lawrence. The amount asked for is
$•-'3,770 50.
The defendants in ti.e action are mem
bers of the Bremner's Mill Company of
Susanviile, Lnssen County, and they are
charged with extensive timber frauds.
It is alleged by the Government that the
defendants unlawfully entered certain Gov
ernment lands, cutting therefrom 1654 yel
low pine trees, which were converted into
lnmber and sold as their property. Tbe
alleged peculations cover a period of time
from December 24, 1887, to August, 1894.
THISTLE CLUB PICNIC.
The Scottish Society Arranges for an
Outing on July 4.
A meeting of the games committee of
tbe San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
was held last evening, with W. Dawson in
tbe chair and George W. Paterson recorder.
It was decided that special invitations
be issued to every organization In the City.
The committee desired that representa
tives from San Francisco and surrounding
to wns be present on the Fourth, as they
wish i he picnic this year to eclipse all
former event-.
Tlie printing committee was instructed
to get 10,000 programmes printed.
It was decided to hold two bicycle races
for men, for which cash prizes will be
given. There will he a two-mile and a one
mile scratch race, open to all comers.
Professor McCarthy has been specially
engaged to furnish the music for the Irish
jig and reel dancing. Another exciting
event will be the football dribbling race,
for which valuable prizes will also be
awarded. There will be a grand exhibi
tion of hornpipe dancing, open to all
comers.
The mile race and the obstruction race
will be open to all comers this year.
A Lecture on Mexico.
"In Mexico" is the subject of a lecture to be
delivered at Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, next Friday evening, under the au
spices of Borromean Council No. 129, Y. M. I.
The lecturer, Paul B. Hay. is familiar with his
subject, and will treat of the habits and condi
tion of the people. The discourse will be il
lustrated with a large number of stereopticon
views.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
J.P, IRISH, TOO,
BLAZES AWAY,
Says the War Issue Is
Between Filth and
Decency.
"PRETENSES" OF FOOTE.
Laymance Is Eloquently Roasted
as a Perpetrator of
Frauds.
NO FEDERAL BRIGADE IN IT.
"The Same Gang Has Bcbbed Up Every
Year With the Appetite of
a Cormorant."
The fiercest of the many battles that are
keeping the Democratic party doubled up
with the colic is the one being waged in
Alameda County between the old factions
which divided at the Stockton convention
twelve years ago. The ambitions of
W« W. Foote, M. J. Laymance and
Prison Director Fitzgerald, the control of
the county machine, yearnings for revenge
and hatreds are leading causes of the
struggle. John P. Irish is one of the
strongest forces at play. Tnis is his ex
position of the situation as he gave it to a
Call reporter yesterday :
"The party issue in Alameda County is
not between Mr. Daggett and Mr. Foote.
Foote and the special-contract Examiner
sc pretend, but the pretense is false. The
same issue would be there if Foote and
Daggett were dead.
"Mr. Foote's friends are bugling the sil
ver men to their side on the pretense that
his defeat will be a disaster to silver, and
I observe that Mr. Foote himself an
nounces that he must go to the State Con
vention in order to introduce anti-funding
and anti- A. P. A. resolutions, as if the
party were in imminent danger of indors
ing the funding bill aud the A. P. A. if
Mr. Foote does not arrive in time !
"All of these pretenses are made to
coyer the real issue in that county, which
exists now and will next year and tlie
next, to infinity. It is an issue between
fraud and fairness, between trickery and
honesty, between filth and cleanness in
politics. Mr. Fitzgerald represents fair
ness, honesty and cleannes, let who may
represent their opposites.
"Mr. Laymance's honors have been se!f
procreative. Asa politician he is bi-sexual,
and like the Egyptian beetle, creates him
self out of himself. He is usually on the
City, County and State committee, and
has been the active promoter of every
offense against fair play and decency that
men dare commi'. in primary politics. One
need not go back to the frauds and crimes
at his primaries in 1892, which began in a
secret conspiracy and ended In a wide
jawed drunk to celebrate its victory, for
his operations now are sufficiently in
structive. He desires to be a delegate to
the National Convention, and is not re
strained by any motives of delicacy from
working his candidacy from his vantage
ground as chairman of the County Com
mittee.
"There is good evidence that his first
plan was to have the executive commiu-e
of tbe County Committee^ which he cou
trols, appoint the county delegation to the
State Convention. The recent Republican
revolution in the county against such busi
ness warned him and he called the whole
committee to meet, 'to select one delegate
at largo' and to provide a primary for
choosine the other thirty-four. Now, I
challenge hia right to conclude in his call
the action of that committee. I defy Mr.
Foote to show any authority in Mr. Lay
mance to name the election of a delegate
at large aa a proper function of that com
mittee. Mr. Foote is nimself the bene
ficiary of »this rascally usurpation. Not
content with this, which was accomplished
by the use of proxies, which are more than
suspected to have been fraudulent, Mr.
Lavmance proceeded to subtract Mr.
*oote from the quota of delegates allowed
to the Third Ward, where he lives. I chal
lenge the record of the Rockrollers and
thugs for an equal outrage upon a constit
uency. Mr. Laymance without a shadow
of right or authority arbitrarily denied to
the Third Ward Democrats the right to
elect one-half the delegation, to which
they are entitled! So raw is it th:it lam
certain if it were contested the State Con
vention would restore its rights to that
constituency and rebuke the impudent
trick by which they were taken away.
"Against these and a much longer cata
logue of frauds, offenses, usurpations and
indecencies Mr. Fitzgerald leaas the party
of my county, and I follow him. If Mr.
Foote had chosen to lead in the same cause
I would have as cheerfully followed him,
but he did not.
"The injury done to the party there by
the Laymance management is immeasur
able. Its aim lias been to keep the party
control small, without making it select.
When tne people got disgusted with Re
publican maladministration in the city
and county the* Democracy should have
been the beneficiary of the revolt, but Lay
mance and his abettors had deprived the
party of public respect, to change to them
was running from Fagin to fall into the
hands of Bill Sykee, so the Populists and
Non-Partisans became tlie beneficiaries of
Republican revolt. We have in the county
a Populist Treasurer, Sheriff and Assessor;
in the city, a Populist Mayor and City At
torney and a JNon-Partisari Council. 'That
these officers are not all good Democrats is
due solely to Mr. Laymance and the gang
that supports him.
"These elements make up the issue and
none other. Mr. Foote's anxiety about
the railroad and the A. P. A. is unneces
sary and pretentious. When the Eng
lishes and Motiitt are put forward a& anti
railroad men one has to smile. When I
ran for Congress the Examiner and the
railroad joined hands to oppose me. When
Warren English ran Mr. Foote. the Exam
iner and the railrrod joined hands to sup
port him.
"Since the vice-president of the South
ern Pacific is running for elector on an
anti-funding platform Mr. Foote's fear
that the Democracy may indorse funding
unless Laymance "sets up a delegation as
the fruit of unblushing chicanery is lu
dicrous.
"Now, you will observe that there is no
Federal brigade element in the fight on
Laymance. A majority of the Federal
oflice-holders in the county are against
Fitzgerald and also against the President
whose commission they carry. Country
postmasters nave held back letters to Mr.
Fitzgerald inclosing committee proxies
which if delivered would Dave likely pre
vented the insulting disfranchisement of
the Third Ward to make Mr. Foore a del
egate, and I believe tbe postal inspectors
have some of these cases in hnnd.
"The same eang has bobbed up every
year with the appetite of a cormorant for
every honorable place in the party and have
cot it by dishonorable means. We want
change, we want the proper ambitions of
young men to have a chance, and we want
all men inclined our way to feel that tuey
may sit in a Democratic organization
panoplied in all their rights."
NEW TO-DAY
You
wwy % A
Won't
Think,
when you see the
new policy issued
by the Equitable Life
Assurance Society,
that it's the best
ever ■ issued,
You'll
Know
It.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building:, Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets. ,
• ■ •
> . "\ TRATJG. I"
N.B.
I MAR W I
Outing Shirts.
Those with stiff collars and
cuffs and soft body are the
best — absolutely the very best
—^yet invented for Summer
• Shirts. They enable the
wearer to enjoy perfect com-
fort while presenting a neat
appearance. Ask for them.
Neustadter Bros., Mfrs.
"Mi ■■■■■■■■■■■■BBMißaianMßaM
mßtui?
#ARNYSt
TS THE VERY BEST ONE To EXAMINES !
-1 your eyes and tit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses .with . Instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled.' Sly too-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. M.
SiOii?K!
ABSOLUTELY CT7BKS. OiHTMEN I
til tlmpU application of •' Swaths'* Onrtmut" wlUjoal
hit intern vl cirdlcine, will cure any gut of Tetter, 3*ls
Bb*om.Rinr"onu.Pllf«.ltch.BoT«i.Plmple«.KrT«p«lM.Aa,
so matter how olxtinate «r lon utandiDjt- S*M by drn?girt%
or tent by m»U for 50 ct«. 3 Boxes, I.X Addrow, Da.
Qv*m£Bo»,Fall»<!*lrbia,r*. Xml jOMdtuajutfiaU* j
"TO EXCHANGE. ]
A 12- ROOM OAKLAND RESIDENCE: LOT !
140x250: highly improved; no incumbrances; i
will exchange for property in Southern California
or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 Pine st., room
58. -San Francisco. Cal..
0 Tobacco Dealers say, that
§ "BATTLE AX"" fa a "scorcher" f
g because it sells so fast* Tobacco ©
S Cbewers ssaty t it is a "scorcher" be- S
5? cause 10 cents worth goes so far* It's ©
0 as good as can be made regardl^s of 2S
§as good can cents you get almost 2l
cost* For JO cents you get almost izj
« twice as much as you do of other c*
j? high grade brands* \a
J^^^fi7p™p belts i f ENNYROYAL PILLS
Ms^y SSt," 'J VjM _._..« *40 BELTS /"</TTv\ •*' c > «1»»7» "Uiblo. UDin wt 4\
*Ssi-?tiFe«STwW^ ■" for S2 °- and * 30 Iirl!8 (rSiSl'^B^mond Brand In U««i aat mttmJUc\\*y
T<s?*iS-=£M3Ufc¥Ejf :^«?' forsls: also good belts for "^ — Z<fcsW>ox««. «♦»!•* witk bin. ribbon. T«lh Vy
' 'nWfi* rfKraSs *5. latest latent aud all T?1 Wjnootliav Sf/at«dan»«Tou*»«6Mi*». V
- I- -^(aTf' •" improvements. tST Call . ' L-,i> W^^'^! I *S. A . |I> ™?'".' I *." I1 »**
■■••'- ?-«S? ••'■■'■■-■ or write for new pamphlet Ir rf «B«u2?fK£ldS»teLSi"S l^."' 1
W No. -2. Address DR. - J^ ' -/^ : mSt^£«*o ! riSiJS^jriS/JS I**1 **
PTKKCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy, ^r^f;<'kltUomtmrOkmmi«mli}9^UmiUmaSmut^!!l
second, third and fourth floors. San iranciaco. 1 Wo to all Lo»i l««ai««. F*ii»i"V2!
NEW ; TO-DAY.
I AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY....... JUNE 2, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon, ' .
AT OIR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
South line (No*. 125 and 127) of E11I«
Street, 87:6 feet east of Mason.
This is an elegant piece of business property In
second block from Market st., either east or south:
also in rear of the Tivoli, and adjoins the Hotel
t*nsrham. Improved: would pay largely on invest-
ment. Kxamine this for an investment.' Lan;e
lot. 50x100 feet, with one-half right In brick wall
on west line of lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak and I.yon St».»
No. 1337 Oak and No. 124 tyon St.
Improvements: 2 French flats. Each contains
salon parlor. drawin?-room. kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
oath and laundry, etc. Elegantly finished; mod-
ern Improvements.' Opposite the Golden Gate
Part. Kxaniine this lor investment. Bents
readily. Choice neighborhood. Several electric
ana cable roads. Lot 26x91:2 feet.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
West line(Xos. 326-338) of No© St. , 30
feet north of Seventeenth. . ;
Improvements: 4 French flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
mized. Castro cable;. Sixteenth-st. electric-cars.
Large lot, 50x95 feet, with 6-foot alley to Seven-
teenth st.
MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florida St., 234 feet south of
Si Twentieth.
Lot ready for building: street sewered and mac-
adamized; plank walk : Potrero cars; lot 26x100.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
North line (No. 3002) of Golden Oats
Aye.,-34 feet west of Lyon.
Two-story bay-windows; seven large rooms and
bath and large yard; choice flower-yard: must be
sold; examine it; McAllister cable and electric
cars: large lot 30x100._
FOLSOM- STREET BUSINESS LOT.
Southeast line Folaum St., 125 feet
' ; «oti; hwi-Ht of Ninth.
This choice lot is in a business location, all ready
for building. With proper Improvements would
pay well. Street in basalt stone; electric and
caDle cars; lot 25x95. ■ -
MISSION FRENCH FLATS. I •
W. line (No*. 432 and 432}£) of Sanchez
St., 53 feet .V. of .Eighteenth.
Handsome building, with bay-windows, contain-
ing 2 French flats of 5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation; high basement: street mini zed;
rents $30; S. F. and S. M. elecric-road ; lot 25x
100.
MISSION SUNNY COTTAGE.
W. line (No. 4301 of Sanchez St., 78 feet
N. of {eighteenth.
Cosy cottage of 5 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion; street bituminlzed; rent $14; S. F. and S. M.
electric-road; this properly adjoins the above; lot
25x100.
iQ-16-ie
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
LOTS,
Fronting San Jose Aye., Twenty-ninth
mid Tiffany Sts.
This line of business and residence lots Is very
favorably located, b -ing at the terminus of the
Valencla-su cable and within one block of the
Mission electric-cars, while the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric passes in front of the property;
there are 16 choice lots, 4 of which front Twenty-
ninth st., 6 front San Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany »t- ;
these lots arc all ready for building; street sew-
ered: new plank walk in front of the premises.
TERMS— One-third cash, balance in 1 and 3
years; interest 7 per cent per annum.
EASTON, ELDBID6E & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Salesroom. 638 Market Street.
' FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine Ranch situated in Sutter
County, Cal., of fruit and general
farming;; 300 acres in fruit, 250
acres in hay and vegetables. The
owner will exchange this fine
place for good business property,
as his business is such that he
cannot attend to the ranch. For
particulars apply to
ED. P. HUSTON,
• Woodland. Cal.