VOLUMfi LXXIX.-NO. 161.
"STOCK JOBBING
IMPERIALISM,"
Sir William Harcourt Talks
Bluntly of Transvaal
Affairs.
ALL VERY REVOLTING.
The British South Africa Com
pany and the Raid of
Jameson.
CHAMBERLAIN SHIELDS RHODES
Harmonious Settlement of the Rights
of Uitlanders Was His Dearest
Object.
LONDON, Eng., May B.— The House of
Commons was crowded with members, and
the press and strangers' galleries were
filled with visitors to-day upon the occa
sion of the presentation of the colonial es
timates.
Sir William Harcourt, the leader of the
opposition, reminded the Government that
an inquiry had been promised with the ob
ject of ascertaining whether the British
South African Company was in the hands
of tit &nd proper persons to be intrusted
with the administration of the affairs of
the company's territory. Continuing, he
said the trial of the members of the Jo
hannesburg Reform Committee in Pretoria
had disclosed important circumstances,
and the Government now owed the coun
try an authoritative statement.
From the telegrams which bad been in
terpreted and published he declared that
it was obvious that the whoie affair had
been conducted between Johannesburg and
Cape Town by the principal and responsi
ble director of the British South African
Company.
Sir William said that the whole story
was an inexpressibly revolting, sordid and
squalid picture of stock- jobbing imperial
ism. He admitted that Mr. Chamberlain
had been surrounded by difficulties and
had shown courage and decision worthy of
his position, but the question was what
was the Government going to do.
Mr. Chamberlain, Colonial Secretary,
said the deplorable result of Jameson's
raid had been to jeopardize English pre
dominance in South Africa, and it had
•l«o delayed the concord of the two races,
which was England's main policy. He
was convinced, he said, that there had
been faults on both sides, but until they
had got to the bottom of the matter the
Government could not properly judge tne
merits of the case. There had been fre
quent Boer invasions, he said, not merely
into territory outside of the Transvaal, but
also into British territory. Furthermore,
the Boers had shown a great want of con
sideration for the rights of Uitlanders.
Mr. Chamberlain further said a harmoni
ous settlement of the question of the
rights of the Uitlanders had long been
Mr. Rhodes' dearest object. If he could
only have found a co-worker in President
Kruger the results would have been bene
ficial in promoting . the federation of the
South African States wherein local rights
would have been fully regarded. Though
recent events had sadly interfered with
these objects, their accomplishment still
remained the Government's chief aim.
President Kruger's refusal to come to Eng
land at the Government's request to
modify the convention of 1884 has ended
the prospects of a private conference upon
the leading difficulties.
What then, be asked, ought to be 'he
right step? It had been suggestsd tnat
the Government ought to have sent an ul
timatum to President Kruger. This would
certainly have been rejected and would
have led to war. The Government, he
declared, could not think of resorting to
war in order to inforce internal reforms in
the Transvaal. This declaration was re
ceived with cries af "Hear, hear."
Mr. Chamberlain said he had not threat
ened President Kroger at all, but had
claimed the right to make friendly rep
resentations. President Kruger promised
to consider these representations and the
Governnunt awaited the fulfillment of his
promises. In the meantime he had asked
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of Cape
Colony, to come to England, but the re
quest for him to come was not intended as
a recall. In regard to the Chartered Com
pany he said he did not dispute the au
thenticity of the cipher telegrams which
the Transvaal authorities had published,
although there were as yet no legal proofs
that they indicated complicity on the part
oi" the directors of the company. ["Hear!
hear!"] But, he continued, as regards to
the actual invasion of the Transvaal there
was reason to believe that Mr. Rhodes had
expressed his disapproval and had en
deavored to stop the raid.
Did the opposition, he asked, de
mand the punisnment of Mr. Rhodes?
Whatever may have been Mr. Rhodes' er
rors he had also rendered great service,
which could not be forgotten. Mr. Rnodes
was now deprived of power of mischief,
and the directors of the Chartered Com
pany Lad shown their confidence in him
by deferring their acceptance of his resig
nation.
Considering the disturbed state of Rho
desia and the interference of Mr. Rhodes
iv that territory he did not blame the di
rectors for their show of confidence.
[Cheers.]
The Government, he said, adhered to
their promise to make a tearching inquiry
into the action of the Chaptered Company,
but he held that such an Inquiry must not
be opened until the judfcial proceedings
connected with the Transvaal were ended.
Than he said he would proiose an inquiry
by a joint committee of botl houses.
Henry Labouchere, who L a bitter op
ponent of the British South Africa Com
pany, described the company as a gang of
shady financiers who were running a
jambling concern with the Union Jack
Ivine over it. Cecil Rhodes, ie said, bad
uttered deliberate falsehoods, basely de
ceiving Governor Robinson, an< had, when
Pime Minister of Cape Colony, disgraced
1
The San Francisco Call.
and dishonored the high tradition that
British Ministers did not make money
from their positions.
Mr. Labouchere concluded by declaring
that he regretted the decision of Mr.
Chamberlain, who was fettered by the
Cabinet. The debate was adjourned.
RESERATIONS OF THE RAID.
It Waa Intended to Start a Revolution in
tfif 'Irnnavnal.
LONDON, Eng., May B.— Tha morning
papers will give prominence to two stories
of impending revelations at Pretoria of
the Transvaal trouble. They seem to be a
rehash of the evidence given early in the
trial of the members of the Johannesburg
reform committee. The Volksstem, ac
cording to the stories, discovered that the
British South Africa Company paid
$70,000 in connection with the raid into
the Transvaal, and intended to start a
revolution.
The Times to-morrow will publish a
dispatch from Pretoria, giving further
telegrams connected with the reform
movement in Johannesburg from October
to December, but they contain nothing
that is more striking than is contained in
the cipher telegrams recently published.
One dispatch refers to Colonel Rhodes,
brother of Cecil Rhodes, drawing a draft
for £17,000 on the British South Africa
Company on December 20. On December
28 Dr. Harris, secretary of the company at
Cape Town, telegraphed to Dr. Jameson at
Pitsani, saying: "It is all right if you will
only wait. Captain Henry comes to you
from Colonel Rhodes to-day."
The Times t\lso publishes extracts from
Major White's notebook, which, however,
it does not verify. An entry on November
30 summarizes a dispatch from Colonel
Rhodes announcing the co-operation of a
number of wealthy persons in the move
ment and adding that all toe arrange
ments of the entire government must be
placed in the hands of Cecil Rhodes.
Other entries relate to the preparation and
payment of troops. An entry on Decem
ber 29 says: "Received a dispatch from
Colonel Rhodes to move immediately on
Johannesburg."
BERLIN, Germany, May B.— TneNeuste
Nachriehten forestalls that President Kru
ger will publish a proclamation in which
he will state that in the event of the suc
cess of the revolutionary movement in
Johannesburg Charles Leonard was to bl?
President in the new Government, Lionel
Phillips Secretary of State, and John Hays
Hammond Attorney-Genera).
LOVE LEADS TO TRAGEDY
Young Terbitt Follows His Com
mon-Law Wife and Tries
to Kill Her.
Because She Fiees With a Handsomer
Man He Seriously Stabs
Her.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 8.-Charles H.
Terbittof 128 West Thirty -fifth street went
over to Newark last night to find his com
mon-law wife, who had left him on Sun
day night. He found her and stabbed her.
He is locked up, and doctors were trying
to save the young woman's life all night.
Terbitt is 2fi years of age and is an agent
for a bicycle company in Grand street.
Last June he met Stella Downey, 19 years
of ace, and after a flirtation induced her
to take a trip to Asbury Park. When tliey
returned the pair went to live together as
man and wife. Miss Downey was an or
phan and had been living with her uncle,
Henry Downey, in Hoboken. She was a
native of Evanston, 111., and ju9t returned
from a convent at Stratford, Ont., and was
innocent of the world and its ways.
In the same house with her and Terbitt
lived Frederick West, a married man. He
became acquainted with the young woman,
and after both had disappeared on last
Sunday Terbitt learned that West had a
brother, W T illlam, Jiving in Newark. He
went over there last night, climbed the
back ier.ee, went into the house, and find
ing Stella there, drew a knife and tried to
cut her throat. He made a gash from her
left ear to the breastbone. Another lunge
drove the knife into the back of her head
an inch. The girl grasped the knife and
struggled for its possession until she broke
the blade.
Then Terbitt ran out of the house. A
boy followed him and pointed him out to
an officer, who took him in charge. Terbitt
declared that he loved the girl, and said
that when she ceased to love him he went
over to Newark to kill her. Police Surgeon
Clark took charge of the wounded girl.
The stab in the back of the head is the
most serious one. Her recovery is doubt
ful.
RAGE OF A JILTED FARMER.
Shoots a Young Woman and Her Success
ful Suitor and Then Commits
Suicide.
WILLIAMBPORT, Ind., May B.—Yes
terday Charles Harrison, a young and
prosperous farmer living in the northern
part of this county, shot Ida Welch and
Harry Smith and then killed himself.
The shooting took place in the home of
Miss Welch.
Harrison and Smith were rival suitors.
Miss Welch accepted Smith. Yesterday
morning Harrison saw Smith enter the
Welch home, and knowing that Mr. and
Mrs. Welch were away, he went into the
house, got his pistol and went to the
Welch home. He was admitted by a
younger sister.
Without making any inquiry Harrison
went into the sitting-room, where Smith
and Miss Welch were engaged in a con
versation. Without a moment's warning
he opened fare, discharging three shots at
Smith and Miss Welch, who each sank to
the floor seriously injured. Thinking
that his aim had been fatal Harrison
placed the weapon to his temple and fired,
the ball taking effect in the brain, death
resulting almost instantaneously.
Smith was shot in the right breast and
his recovery is doubtful. Miss Welch was
shot in the right arm and also just above
the pit of the stomach, and while she is
resting easily the extent of her injury
has not been ascertained.
All Record* Beaten.
FOWLER, Ind., May B.— Mrs. Freitz
Heinznit, who lives about a mile north of
here, gave birth last night to six infants,
four boys and two girls. All are doing
well. Two years ago Mrs. Heinznit gave
birth to triplets.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 9, 1896.
THAT EXPENSIVE MISFIT TARIFF.
DEMANDS THE
DEATH PENALTY.
Prosecutor Suarez Asks a
Harsh Fate for the
Filibusters.
PRISONERS ARE GUILTY.
Admit the Part They Took in Con
nection With the Schooner
Competitor.
TRIED BY A COURT-MASTIAL.
Mr. Williams, as Consul-General, Had
Entered a Protest Against the
Proceedings.
HAVANA, Cttba, May B.— At 8 o'clock
this morning a court-martial opened at the
arsenal here for the trial of the men who
were captured by a Spanish warship on
the alleged filibustering schooner Compet
itor, belonging in Key West. The prison
ers were Alfredo Laborde, born in New
Orleans, Owen Milton of Kansas, William
Kinlea, an Englishman, and Elias Bed<a
and Theodore Maza, both Cubans.
Captain Ruiz acted as president of the
court, which consisted of nine other mili
tary and naval officers. All the accused
pleaded not guilty.
Several witnesses admitted that when
the men were captured they were not
armed and offered no resistance. Despite
this fact, however, ihe prosecutor, Lieu
tenant Suarez, asked the court-martial to
convict the prisoners of filibustering and
to impose the death sentence upon all of
them.
Counsel for the defense made a long re
view of the evidence, and demanded the
acquittal of Maza. He argued eloquently
against the others being sentenced to
death, and declared that the evidence
showed that mercy should be extended to
them.
Tne court-martial has as yet rendered
no judgment. It is said its findings will
be submitted for approval to the Govern
ment at Madrid.
During the course of the proceedings a
letter was read from the American Consul-
General, Ramon O. Williams, protesting I
against the trial. Mr. Williams abstained i
from attending the court-martial.
General Linares reports that his com
mand has succeeded in dislodging the
fo;ces of Jose Maceo from the entrenched
camp occupied by them in ths province of
Santiago de Cuba. In the rightim* that
took place before the rebels retreated
seventeen of the insurgents were killed.
The troops, according to the report, lost
only two killed and seven wounded.
Another official report issued to-day
states that the com Dined forces of Generals
Altamira and Inclan have driven the reb
els under Antonio Maceo into a different
position in the hills at Guaramaya, near j
Bahia Honda, province of Pinar del Rio.
The report makes no mention of any rebel
loss, but states that the Spaniards had
seven killed and twenty-five wounded.
Among the latter are one captain and two
lieutenants.
The rebel bands of Regino and Alfonso
have burned abo-.t sixty house* in the
town of Lagunillas, province of Matanzas.
ERCAPAD THE WARSHIP.
Arm* 'and • Ammunition " Safely Landed
' ' by the B+rmudm. •' ! '•• * <■
• PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May • i—Word
was received here this afternoon of the ar
rival at Trujillo of the j steamer Bermuda.
She merely touched there and then cleared
for Puerto Cortez, ; Honduras, where she is
expected to drop anchor in the course of a
day or two.
The Bermuda, after clearing from Phila
delphia, sailed from Jacksonville, FJa., on
April 26, presumably with a cargo of arms
and ammunition for the Cuban insurgents.
Her arrival at Trujillo indicates that she
escaped from the Spanish war vessel which
it was reported had chased her. it is be
lieved that the arms and ammunition were
safely landed. , .
KIRKLAND TO COMMAND
Will Succeed Captain Howison
at the Mare Island Navy-
Yard.
Other Changes, Among Naval Officers
Include the Retirement of
Kutz.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— Several
important chances in the duties of naval
officers were made at the Navy Depart
ment to-day. Rear- Admiral W.H. Kirk
land, now on waiting orders, was directed
to assume command of the Mare Island
Navy-yard, California.
Captain H. L. Howison was detached
from the command of the Mare Island
Navy-yard and ordered to special duty in
connection with the new battleship Ore
gon, with a view to being placed in com
mand of that vessel.
Commander O. W. Farenholt was de
tached from bis duty as an inspector of
the Thirteenth District, Portland, Or., and
placed on waiting orders.
Other orders were issued as follows:
Lieutenant N. G. Sargent, Petrel, ordered
home and instructed to be ready for sea
duty; Ensign H. G. Macfarland from the
Concord to the Bennington; Passed As
sistant Paymaster E. B. Webster from the
Concord, and granted two months' leave;
Passed Assistant Paymaster J. S. Phillips
from the Bennington, and granted three
months' leave; Assistant Paymaster P. V.
Mohun from the Petrel to the Bennington ;
Passed Assistant Engineer W. S. Smith
from the Newark, ordered home and
granted three months' leave; Assistant
Engineer E. H. Pollock to the Newark.
Passed Assistant Paymaster E. B. Web
ster, who arrived in San Francisco on the
j Concord on Sunday last and who was
alleged to be in trouble with the Navy De
partment concerning a deposit of $2500
said to have been given in his care as
surety for Mr. Tobin, his clerk, was de
tached from the Concord to-day and
granted two months' leave. This indicates
that Paymaster Webster is free from any
displeasure of the department, and that if
an allegation concerning Tobin's collateral
has bi?en officially made it has fallen to
the ground.
Orders were issued by the Navy Depart
j ment to-day detaching Chief Engineer G.
F. Kutz from the Mare Island Navy-yard
June 26 and directing his retirement the
j next day. The retirement is at the re
! quest of Mr. Kutz under the forty years'
.service law. •
The resignation of Ensign W. B. Frank
lin, U. S. N., has been accepted by the
President.
CHICACO HOLDS
THE CONVENTION,
Assurances Given to the
Democrats That Funds
Are Ready.
ANNOUNCED BY HARRITY
At the Conference Behind Closed
Doors All Obligations Are
Complied With.
MONEY IS NOW FORTHCOMING.
So the Work on the Big Colliseum
Will Be Pushed Rapid, y to
Completion.
CHICAGO, 111., May 8. — The Demo
cratic National Convention will be held in
Chicago, and at the Colliseum, in accord
ance with the original programme. This
was the decision announced by National
Chairman Harrity this evening, at the
close of the second session of the special
meeting of the sub-committee on conven
tion of the National Democratic Com
mittee.
The evening session was given up to a
conference with Treasurer Donnersberger,
Judge Goodrich, Jacob W. Richards, R. W.
Spangler and other members of the local
finance committee.
The conference was held behind closed
doors, and at its conclusion Chairman
Harrity stated that all the obligations
under which the convention had been
voted to Chicago had been complied with.
The obligations in question provide that
$30,000 should be placed to the credit of
the National committee by this date and
that $10,000 additional should be forth
coming by the 4th of July.
With the exception of Senator Gorman,
every member of the sub-committee re
ported at the Hotel Wellington. Even
Chairman E. C. Wall of the Wisconsin
State Central Committee, who has been at
death's door for months, came down from
the Cream City. His associates were
Chairman Harrity, Colonel J. G. Prather
of St. Louis, T. H. Shirley of Louisville,
Ben T. Cable of Illinois and J. S. Shearin
of Indiana, secretary of the National Com
mittee. With these were Architect Canda
of New York and John J. Martin of St.
Louis, who was selected sergeant-at-arms
at the last meeting of the committee.
During the afternoon Messrs. Prather,
Shirley and Martin visited the Coiliseum,
and expressed themselves as satisfied at
the progress that had been made on the
structure. When the sub-committee re
convened this evening and the conference
with the local finance committee had been
concluded, the sub-committee went into
executive session and appointed the fol
lowing committees:
On press and telegraphic accommoda
tions and facilities — S. B. fiherin, Logans
port, Ind. ; E. C. Wall, Milwaukee, Wis. ;
John C. Prather, Su Louis.
On decorations and music— Thomas H.
Shirley, Louisville, Ky.; Ben Cable,
Chicago; U. C. Wallace, Washington, D.
C. The latter was also selected as a mem
ber of the committee on arrangements to
succeed Senator Gorman of Maryland,
who had notified the committee of his in
ability to serve.
The committee adjourned to meet again
in this city May 29. Subsequently Chair
man Harrity gave to the United Press the
following announcements:
"No ticketß for admission to the conven
tion will be issued until July 6."
"Applications for press tickets should be
made to S. P. Snerin, chairman of the
sub-committee on press and telegraph,
Logansport, lad."
"Applications for appointment as as
sistants to the sergeant-at-arnis, door
keepers, pages, etc., should be made to
Colonel John I. Martin, St. Louis, Mo."
The interior arrangements of the Colli
seum will be made under the suDervision
of F. E. Canda of New York, architect
and engineer to the committee, assisted by
Sergeant-at-arms Martin, with the co
operation of the committee on decorations
and music.
The railroad companies centering and
tributary to Chicago will be asked to fur
nish transportation to delegates and
others at reduced rates. The usual prac
tice has been to grant a round trip for one
fare.
Chairman Harrity leaves in the morn
ing for a week's trip among the northern
lakes. The remaining members of the
committee took trains for nome to-night.
TO CONSIDER McKINLEY.
Important Topics Before the Supreme
Court of the A. P. A.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— The
meeting of the supreme council of the
American Protective Association in this
city on the 12th inst. will be the most im
portant event in the history of the order.
Chief among the matters which will come
before the meeting will be the election of
officers for the ensuing year, an exhaustive
discussion of the attitude which ought to
be assumed with reference to financial
questions and what part, if any, the order
shall take in the Presidential and Con
gressional elections of next autumu.
It is understood that William H. F.
Traynor of Detroit will not be a candidate
for re-election as president. Among the
candidates for this office will be Judge J.
H. D. Stevens of St. Louis, Dr. J. W. Ford,
a Baptist minister of Troy, N. V., and
Colonel Bowers of lowa, the founder of
the order. The present secretary, C. T.
Beatty, is understood to be again a candi
date for re-election without any opposition
apparent.
The charges formulated against Mr. Mc-
Kiniey of Ohio that he discriminated in
his appointments as Governor against the
order will be considered.
Mathetvt a Candidate.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., May B.— Colonel James
K. Rickey, a member of the Bland execu
tive coron'ittee, to-day received a letter
from Hon. C. C. Matsou of Greencastle,
Ind., announcing that Governor Claude
Mathews of Indiana would be a candidate
Defore the Chicago convention for the
Presidential nomination.
Miamouri'a Prohibition Ticket.
SEDALIA, Mo., May B.— The Prohibi
tion Convention adjourned t'>is afternoon,
after having nominated the following
State ticket: Governor, H. P. Farris of
Henry County; Lleutenant-Governor, J.
M. Richey of Newton County; Secretary
of State, E. E. McLel lan of Pettis; Aud
itor, J. O. Roule of St. Louis; Treasurer,
Rev. I. T. Hull of Grejn; Attorney-Gen
eral, J. C. Hughes of Ray ; Supreme Judge,
Lewis Adams of Macdonald; Railroad
Commissioner, W. E. Sullivan of Bu
chanan.
BEEF TRUST INVESTIGATION.
Mo One Indicted by the Chicago Grand Jury
Because Witnesses Were
Lacking.
CHICAGO, 111 , May B.— The beef trust
railroad investigation by the Federal
Grand Jury came to an end to-day, so far
as the existing jury is concerned. It may
come up again before the October jury or
before a special jury if the emergency war
rants such extraordinary action on the
part of the Government. The District
Attorney and his special counsel could not
indict anybody without more witnesses
than they had been able to attach with a
subpena. The special jury may be called
in case the much-wanted eight witnesses
from the stockyards and railroad offices
return within the jurisdiction of a United
States writ. An investigation of railroad
rate-making at the instance of the Com
merce Commission depends upon the rail
road officials' future compliance with the
aw.
SUICIDE OF A WOMAN,
Shot Herself in a Room at the
Colonnade Hotel in New
York.
Left a Note Saying That Insanity-
Was Hereditary and That She
Had No Relatives.
NEW YORK, N. V., May B.— A hand
some, well-dressed woman, about 28 years
old, who registered at the Colonnade
Hotel, 38 Lafayette place, Wednesday aft
ernoon, as Mrs. Everett of Boston, shot
herself in her room to-day. The bullet en
tered her head through her left ear. She
was found dead in bed fully dressed. She
left the following note unsigned and not
addressed to anybody :
"Hereditary insanity. Please cremate
and pay landlord for damages, etc. Have
no family, so beg that my wishes be ob-
Berved."
The letter was in a hotel envelope, in
which also was $89 in bills. The woman's
clothing was of the finest quality. The
neck of her dress was caught by a gold and
enameled brooch studded with nine
diamonds. She wore two plain gold rings
on the little finger of the right hand, one
wedding-ring. On an undergarment were
the initials "K. B." Her eyes and hair
are jet black.
Suicide of Two Men.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May B.— The body
of A. C. Hogan, for many years superin
tendent of the canning department of the
Standard Oil Company in this city and at
Whiting, Ind., was found to-day in an un
frequented part of Lakeview Cemetery.
He had committed suicide by shooting.
11l health was the cause.
B. F. Whipple, one of the oldest and
most prominent Odd Fellows of Cleve
land, also committed suicide.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TRAGIC DEATH
OF A BIGAMIST,
J. F. Mitchell, a West Point
Miner, Killed by His
Mother-in-Law.
IS RIDDLED WITH SHOT.
The Theft of Money Followed
by a Most Sensational
Homicide.
SYMPATHY FOR THE WOMAN.
Her Victim Had a Wife From Sonoma
When Compelled to Wed a
Second Time.
BAN ANDREAS, Cal., May B.— Meager
details of a fatal shooting affair which,
occurred at West Point yesterday reached
here to-day. The principals of the affair
were Mrs. C. Halladay and her son-in-law,
F. J. Mitchell, alias Prewick. A bad feel
ing has existed between the two for some
time past and it ended yesterday by the
mother-in-lhw killing the man.
As near as can be learned the trouble
was brought about by Mitchell taking a
sum of money belonging to Mrs, Halla
dcy in the morning prior to his gome to
work. When the woman learned of her
loss she determined to recover the coin,
and seizing a double-barreled shotgun
started for the Granite mine, where
Mitchell was at work. Reaching the place
she sought Mitchell and demanded the re
turn of the money.
Mitchell promptly handed over the
money. When the woman had it she
offered him one-half the amount if he
would leave the country and never return.
Michell thought he saw a chance to get it
all and made a grab for the gun.
Mrs. Halladay got it first and turning
the muzzle toward him, pulled the trig
gers, sending both charges of shot into his
body and killing him insiantly.
So far as known the woman has not yet
been arrested, and- it is hardly probable
that she will be. Sympathy seems to be
on her side, &t, Mitchell was a worthless
fellow.
The first trouble between them wai
caused about a year ago, when Mitchell
commenced making love to Viola beck,
Mrs. Halladny's daughter. The old lady
objected to him. One day she discovered
the couple in a room in a hotel and she
then resolved that he should marry the
daughter. She accordingly brought the
couple to this place to have the ceremony
performed. Wnile at the clerk's office get
ting the license she was compelled to step
out to get the Justice. Before leaving she
told the clerk not to let Mitchell get away
and to watch him close as he was a slip
pery fellow.
When the couhle were married she left
for San Francisco. Here Mitchell met a
woman who claimed to be his wife, and
promptly bad him arrested on a charge of
bigamy. It seems that prior to coming to
Calaveras he was married in Marin County,
where he Dyed under the name of Tre
wick. At his examination he was bound
over to appear before the Superior Court.
When this trial came up the Judge dis
missed him, claiming the case was out of
his jurisdiction, one marriage having been
performed in Marin County and the other
in Calaveras. While Mitchell was await
ing trial his wife worked in a hotel in the
city, but was takeu sick, and her mother
went down and brought her up to We3t
Point. As soon as Mitchell was released
he returned to her, and has been living
there since. Part of the lime he worked,
but the major part did nothing. He was
about 35 years old.
GALA DAY AT FFRENDALE.
\ Magnificent I'ythian Cattle Dedicated
With Impreaai** Cerenioniea.
FERNDALE. Cal., May B.— This was a
gala day at Ferndale. The magnificent
castle of Aurora Lodge No. 51, Knights of
Pythias, erected at a cost of many thou
sands of dollars, and the most magnificent
structure in Northern California, was dedi
cated to-day in accordance with Pythian
ceremonies. The town was exquisitely dec
orated with the triple colors of the order.
Every lodge m Humboldt of this order was
in the line of parade, and thousands of
people were present. Enthusiasm and en
joyment characterized every feature. The
parade and dedication ceremonies were
never surpassed in the State. Headed by
the Ferndale band and the uniform rank
delegations of all lodges in the county, the
procession was very imposing. The dedi
cation services, under the direction of Col
onel J. H. Gysler, were the most impressive
ever listened to in this section. -The ad
dress oi welcome by S. D. O'Neii, and the
reply by A. J. Monroe were good. F. A.
Cutler, in an elequent speech on the prin
ciples of the order, told the lessons of the
glorious trinity of principle of friendship,
charity and benevolence. He dwelt clearly
upon the origin, growth and development
of the order, its past and its achievements.
State Senator Frank McGowan, supreme
representative of the Knights of Pythias
concluded ti-e exercises with one of theme
masterly addresses characteristic of the
ability of that ceiebrated orator. He dwelt
upon the great institution of Pythianhood
as one of American origin, created and
founded at a time when internal strife rent
this country in war and the necessity of an
order for fraternal feelings. He snowed
that the primary principles of the order
was devotion to a democratic form of gov
ernment, and gave incidents of Pythian
martyrdoms to friendship.
Dog Mangles a Grata Valley Child.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., May B.— This
morning a large Newfoundland dog at
tacked the four-year-old child of W. N.
Webber, who lives at Indian Springs, ten
mites from Grass Valley, and fearfully
mutilated the face of the child. The
youngster had been in the habit of play
ing with the dog and was engaged in such
pastime when the brute suddenly sprang
at him and caught the right eye and
cheek of the child and chewed away until
the dog' 3 teeth met. The sight of the ey*
is entirely destroyed.2
CONFERENCE OF
THE METHODISTS,
Rights of Women Delegates
Yet a Subject of
Debate.
EXCITEMENT PREVAILS.
Quite a Storm Caused by the
Introduction of a Resolution
to Pay Their Expenses.
PKOGEESS OF MISSIONARY WORK
Encouraging Reports Made in Refer
ence to Africa, India and
Asia.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 8. — The
meeting of the General Conference of the
Methodist church this morning w»s ex
citing. Morris Sharp of Ohio opened up
the woman question by offering a resolu
tion providing that as the women dele
gates elected to this conference had relin
quished their seats that their expenses be
paid, and that their mule reserves, ii any,
be called.
Rev. Dr. Leonard made a fervid speech
against the passage of the resolution.
"These women, it has been decided," he
said, "are legal members of this body, and
as such their expenses must be paid with
out any resolution. I hope the conference
will vote this resolution down."
Great excitement prevailed and many
delegates struggled to get the floor. An
attempt to lay the resolution on the table
was defeated.
Rev. Dr. Neeley of Philadelphia offered
a substitute for the resolution asking that
the women delegates who had claimed the
right of admission to the conference come
to the floor as visitors and that their ex
penses be paid by the committee.
Then followed the greatest excitement
of the conference. F very body was ex
cited and a dozen angry delegates in all
parts of the house were vainly trying to
get tbe floor. During the confusion both
resolutions were withdrawn and the inci
dent closed.
Bishop Taylor, the missionary Bishop
from Africa, delivered hia report. In part
he sa id :
"All I ask for Africa is that in our mis
sionary work we do for the blacks what we
would Jo for the whites. In regard|to our
work in Africa I will gay that if this con
ference shall decide that the time hascoine
to put all the African missions under the
control of the missionary society I shall
make no objection; only make your deci
sion on the subject decisive."
Bishop Thoburn of India and Asia read
his report. He said:
"In general terms we have abundant
reason to thank God for our prosperity
during the last four years. We have
pained two annual conferences and eleven
presiding eider districts. We now have
twenty-four district conferences; our
preachers now speak sixteen languages,
three more than four years ago, and by
the end of the century tliey may be
expected to preach in twenty languages,
lour years ago our total number of con
verts was 50,000 souls, now it is over
100,000. We now have 2249 Sunday-schools
and llfido scholars, an increase of 873
schools and 21,712 pupils. The Epworth
League has made ita first appearance
among us since my last report and we now
have 134 leagues and 6555 members. We
have over 200 natives studying for the
ministry."
Alter the long wrangle all reference to
the debate on the woman question was
or.tered stricken from the record.
Friday, May 15, was set apart for "Mem
orial day". Resolutions were adopted
commending the action of Congress in
cutting off aid from sectarian schools. A
resolution asking the Government to grant
belligerent rights to the Cubans was
referred without debate to the committee
on the state of the church. The confer
ence then adjourned.
The evening session at the armory was
devoted to the educational anniversitiesof
the Methodist church. The laymen also
held a meeting, the purpose of which was
to device means to cut down the authority
of the Bishops and ministers. There were
sixty-two delegates out of the 200 in the
conference present. They wrangled all
the evening, but arrived at no definite
conclusion.
Scott Jackson's Trial.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May B.—Argu
ments in the Scott Jackson case will com
mence to-morrow. The last witness was
Captain S. S. Bassler of the Weather Bu
reau in Cincinnati, who testified this
morning as to tbe meteorological condi
tions on Friday, January 31, and Satur
HEW TO-PAT.
Apollinaris
NATURAL MINERAL WATER.
MALICIOUS STATEMENTS having been disseminated
that the APOLLINARIS WATER offered for sale in San
Francisco is not the Natural product of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING in GERMANY, notice is hereby given that every
arrival of APOLLINARIS WATER is accompanied by a
CERTIFICATE from the Proprietors of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING stating that the shipment consists of Apollinaris
Natural Mineral Water, bottled at the Apollinaris Spring
near Neuenahr, Rhenish Prussia.
Such Certificates are invariably declared and sub-
scribed to by the said Proprietors in the presence of
the CONSUL of the United States of America at COLOGNE
in GERMANY, and are filed at the San Francisco Custom
House where they can at all times be inspected.
A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for information
which will lead to the conviction of any person or
persons selling spurious Apollinaris Water.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First Street, San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., New York.
Sole Agents of the AfOLLINARIS COMPANY. LIMITED. London.
day, February 1. When Captain Bassler
finished his testimony the defense an
nounced that it rested its case and the
famous trial as ft* as evidence is concerned
was ended.
Attorney Lock hard for the prosecution
asked for time to prepare his argument.
This was granted and court adjourned un
til Saturday morning. The date for Wal
ling's trial has been set for May 19.
FARMER MORPUN'S SEEDS.
There May Tet Be a Scandal in the Dis
tribution.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 8. -A Sun
special from Washington says: The Senate
has passed a resolution directing tbe Sec
retary of Agriculture to make haste in
distributing seeds to tbe rural constituents
of Congressmen. In the opinion of those
who have knowledge of tbe subject a pub
lic scandal is likely to develop in connec
tion with this year's free-teed distribution.
Secretary Morton cannot personally re
spond to the order of the Senate, as he has
gone for a month's jaunt to the Pacific
Coast, but bis department may be called
upon to explain some very peculiar trans
actions in which some members of Con
gress may be unpleasantly involved.
The firm receiving the contract was able
to bid a lower price because of the adver
tisement it received by being allowed to
put its name on each package. Not con
tent with this, it is now offering to put up
seeds in exactly the Bame style of pack
ages as the Government seed and supply
Congressmen at the rate of $6 a thousand
packages. Other firms are also making
the same offers, notwithstanding a notice
from the Secretary of Agriculture that
such proceedings will not be permitted.
STRIKE IN THE RACES MINE.
-><•«• Men Are Jtriven Out and Serious
Trouble Is feared.
BUTTE, Mom., May B.— Serious trouble
is likely to result over the strike in tbe
Rarus mine. The men did not like Time
keeper Applegate, and demanded his re
moval, which Manager Faugheinz granted,
but expressed the opinion that the shift
bosses were to blame, whereupon Superin
tendent Rowe and the bosses resigned;
l'sO miners quit work out of sympathy.
New men went to take the places of the
strikers this morning, but the latter met
them and drove them down the bill with
threats of violence. Givens, the new
superintendent, has been threatened with
hanging, and serious trouble is feared.
There is talk about calling out the militia.
The Miners' Union refuses to recognize
the strike.
Fxeeuted for Murder.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., May B.— John
Waldrop was hanged in the County Jail
here at 11:10 o'clock this morning. Only
two dozen witnesses, chiefly deputies,
were present. Waldrop was convicted of
the murder of Alexander Thornton in the
mines at Ooalsburpr four months apo.
Both men were convicts serving terms for
larceny.
NEW SCHEDULE OF RATES
According to the Terms All the
Lines May Carry Grain
to the Gulf.
Reduced Fares During the Civil
Engineers' Convention in
San Francisco.
CHICAGO. 111., May B.— After numer
ous meetings in this city and Bt. Louis,
and after an arbitrator's award had been
prepared only to be ignored, a schedule of
rates satisfactory to all lines was com
pleted to-day on export grain from Kansas
points to Galveston and New Orleans.
The Missouri Pacific was the road which
refused to abide by the award, because it
imposed higher rates for it out of Wichita
than was allowed the Santa Fe to the Gulf
ports. The new management closely fol
lows the lines of the award, but so modi
fied that equitable rates for all lines from
all points are preserved, and no line will
be compelled to go out of the i<rain carry
ing business southwest. This trouble had
disturbed the freight situation in the
whole of that territory.
The permanent code of rules for the
governing of the Central Passenger Com
mute, which goes into effect on June 1,
provides for a money penalty to be paid
by order of Commissioner Donald by vio
lators of the agreement, the fine to vary
according to the enormity of the infrac
tion. The passage of a law by the Ohio
Legislature prohibiting railroads making a
charge for the transportation of bicycles
in baegaue-cars prevented any definite ac
tion being taken by the committee on that
question. The Ohio roads, with one ex
ception, declared their intention of obey
ing the law, but the dissenting official said
the law was a farce because there was no
penalty clause, and saW his road would
ignore it. Most of the roads will continue
charging for bicycles outside of Ohio.
Th<» Southern Pacific gave notice to-day
that it would make reduced rates for the
American Society of Civil Engineers' Con
vention in San Francisco June 30, inde
pendent of the refusal of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association and us chair
man to give the road such authority. The
Union Pacific at once gave notice that it
would meet the rates, and all other com
petitors have been authorized to do like
wise. The rates provide for a 60-day re
turn limit, thus providing a cheap excur
sion to the coast on all lines during the
summer.
8. C. Whitehead, who was auditor of the
Southern California, has been appointed
general auditor of the Santa Fe system, in
place of W. K. Gillette, who has resigned.
Japanese War Indemnity.
LONDON, Exg., May 9.— The sum of
£8,000,000 war indemnity from China to
Japan was transferred to the latter's
agents in London to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
WHITE ARGUES
FOR SAN PEDRO.
Advantages Claimed Over
Santa Monica Vividly
Illustrated.
AIDED BY DIAGRAMS.
Reasons Urged for the Appoint
ment of a Commission to
Select a Site.
OUTER AND INNER HARBORS.
All Other Questions in the Appro*
priation Bil. Have Been Disposed
Of by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 8.-Among
the dozen or more bills which were passed
by the Senate to-day because they were
unobjected to was one permitting the
erection in Washington of a monument in
honor of Samuel Hahnemann, the founder
of the Medical School of Homeopathy,
and appropriating $14,000 to defray the
cost of the foundation. Tbe only restric
tion imposed in the bill is that the monu
ment is not to be placed in the Capitol
grounds. The consideration of the river
and harbor bill was concluded with the
exception of one amendment involving
the bitterly contested question of the loca
tion of a deep-water harbor in Southern
California. The Committee on Commerce
reported an amendment to the bill pro
viding for a breakwater and outer harbor
at Santa Monica, while the two Senators
from California, and McLachlan, the Rep
resentative from Los Angeles district, op
posed that location and favored the selec
tion of San Pedro, having on their side of
the question the representatives of the
two boards of army engineers, especially
sent|out to examine the matter.
Senator White of California addressed
the Senate in opposition to the committee
amendment and bad not finished his argu
ment when the Senate at 5:15 p. m. ad
journed until to-morrow.
The Senate bill authorizing the Sioux
City and Omaha Railway Company to
construct and operate a railway through
the Omaha and Winnebago Reservation
in Thurston County, Nebr., wa3 taken
from the calendar and passed.
A bill to prohibit the issue of United
Btates bonds without the authority of
Cungress was introduced by Bacon (D. ) of
Georgia and laid on tbe table for the pres
ent, Bacon stating that he desired here
after to address the Senate upon it.
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon gave notice that
on tbe passage of the last of the appropria
tion bills he would move to proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution
for an amendment to the constitution pro
viding for the popular election of United
States Senators.
The river and harbor bill was then
taken up, the paragraph appropriating
$50,000 for the protection from erosion of
the east bank of the Mississippi River
along and in front of Sny Island levee in
Illinois coming first for consideration.
After argument against the Senate
amendment by Palmer (D.) of Illinois,
and in support of it by Vest (D.) of Mis
souii, the item was modified so as to read:
"For the protection from erosion, etc.,
and for the improvement and maintenance
of the channel of the river by revetment
work, or otherwise, such amounts as may
be necessary in the opinion of the Secre
tary of War."
In the paragraph for improving the
upper Missouri River the appropriation of
$10,000 for work at Sioux City, lowa, was
on motion of Allen (P.) of Nebraska in
creased to $50,000.
The committee amendment, which di
rects that all persons employed on the
public works of engineering intrusted to
the engineer department, shall be selected
and hired by the officer of the corps of
engineers in local charge of the works,
gave rise to a discussion involving the
question of civil service reform and the
President's recent order of extension.
After some discussion a point of order
was sustained, and the amendment was
stricken out of the bill.
All the committee amendments having
been disposed of except that as to the deep
water harbor in Southern California, the
bill was open to amendments of individual
Senators. Among those that were offered
and agreed to were the following: By
Gray (D.) of Delaware, to permit army
officers on the retired list to engage in
river and harbor work.
By Carter (R.) of Montana, to allow
persons or corporations to construct, sub
ject to conditions by the Secretary of War,
a dam or dams across the upper Missouri
River at Stubbs Ferry, Montana, to de
velop water power.
By Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts appro
priating $5000 for survey of Portland chan
nel, Alaska.
The committee amendment as to the
deep-water harbor in Southern California
was then taken up. It provides for a break
water at Port Los Angeles, in Santa
Monica Bay and authorizes contracts to
the amount of $2,998,000 exclusive of
amounts heretofore appropriated.
White (D.) of California moved to sub
stitute for the committee amendment a
provision for the appointment of a board
to select a proper location for the deep-sea
harbor — the board to consist of a naval
officer with rank as high as commander,
an engineer army officer and a member of
the coast and geodetic survey — the appro
priation and contracts to be «pplied to
the point selected. This amendment was
offered in the interest of San Pedro, the
competing point.
With two diagrams arranged on easels
of the two areas White pointed out the
advantages which he claimed for San
Pedro over Santa Monica. The question,
he said, was of great local impoitance to
those whom he in part represented and was
of great National importance. The inner
harbor at San Pearo had been, he said,
quite a success. Some years ago, when
the Government engineers took charge of
the work, there was but two feet of water
there at low tide. Now there were four
teen at low and nineteen at nigh tide, so
that vessels drawing eighteen feet of water
could pass into the inner harbor at high
tide. The plan for a breakwater was in
tended to let in all tbe vessels that came
there. There were two questions in
volved—first, should there be an outer
harbor at all? and second, should the
outer harbor be at San Pedro or at Santa
Monica?
White gave the history of the two towns.
Ban Pedro had been in the past used by
navigators for landing purposes. It was
called the embarcadero. Through it the
small commerce of that time had been
transacted. But the population of Los
Angeles had grown from 11,000 in 1880 to
about 100,000 now, and the demand for
better water facilities grew. Some years
ago the Senator from Nevada (Jones) built
a railroad from Los Angeles to Santa
Monica, with the intentton of extending it
to Salt Lake, but that road had fallen into
the hands of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which built an expensive wharf at
Santa Monica. Under the influence of the
Senator from Maine (Frye), then, as now,
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
who had the opinion that San Pedro was
not the better place for the harbor, a sec
ond commission of army engineer officers
(known as the Craighill board) was ap
pointed to examine the question. That
board had before it the report of the Men
dell board and held public meetings in Los
Angeles, where it heard the arguments of
business men and of experts. There were
then three places competing for the loca
tion of the deep-sea harbor — Redondo,
Santa Monica and San Pedro.
That board filed a report favoring the
location at San Pedro, as the Mendell
board had previously done. When its re
port came before Congress no action was
taken. It was not satisfactory to the advo
cates of the Santa Monica proposition.
White quoted from the minority report
of the Committee on Commerce (Bigned by
himself and Senators Berry, Caffery and
Pasco), stating that the committee amend
ment had not been inserted at the instiga
tion of the Senators from California, or of
the Representative of that district. On
the contrary, they had objected to it and
the overwhelming sentiment of the com
munity was against iT. It would be rather
singular, White said, that Congress should
find it necessary to make an appropriation
of public money in the face of the desire
of the local Representatives and of o^cial
recomrneudation. It was utterly impos
sible that such a condition of things could
ever exist until there was some extraordi
nary influence brought to bear. This "ex
traordinary influence" White subsequently
indicated as the "potential persistency of
the Southern Pacific Railway Company."
While some States were forced to solicit
appropriations for public causes Califor
nia found itself specially favored by the
Senate Committee on Commerce, for in
th is case the large appropriation for an
outer harbor at Santa Monica was not
only unsolicited but unwanted. He op
posed the committee amendment because
he did not feel authorized to vote one cent
of money unless be believed it to be for a
public purpose and for the public interest.
He did not hesitate to assert as between
the locations of Sau Pedro and Santa Mon
ica, if the people of that section were per
mitted to make a choice, there would be
an overwhelming vote in favor of San Pe
dro. But there were those wno thought
tnat under prevailing conditions they
could never have what they wanted and
that they had better accept the situation
such as they thought it was without fur
ther contest and worry. THat situation
could not affect him. It should affect no
body. Tne question before the Senate was
where the money should be expended, if it
was to be expended at all.
White dissected the statement made be
fore the committee by Mr. Cothell, a civil
engineer — the drift oi his remarks being
that Mr. Cothell represented Mr. Hunting
ton and the Southern Pacific, and had not
acted in an official capacity, as he inti
mated he had done. The Senate Commit
tee on Commerce, White said, had set
aside the views and recommendations of
the army engineers, with General Craig
hill as their head, and had taken the opin
ions of Mr. Hood, the chief c ngineer of the
Southern I'acinc, and of Mr. Cothell, an
engineer in the employment of that com
pany, and ha i adopted the views of those
who were personally and financially inter
ested iv favor of Santa Monica.
George (D.) of Mississippi— ls there no
other professional statement in favor of
Santa Monica than that of the engineers
of the Suuthern Pacific?
White— None on earth. Not only that,
but the committee recommends $3,098,000
for this improvement while there is no of
ficial estimate of the cost and no official
recommendation for it.
"Is it a fact," George asked, "that two
boards of army engineers have reported
against the location for which the appro
priation is to be made?"
''Yes, sir," White replied.
"Is it a fact," pursued George, "that
there is no other evidence on which the
Senate is asked to act. except the state
ments of two men who aie in the employ
ment of the Southern Pacific Company ?"
"To be fair," White answered, "I will
say that there is other evidence. Gentle
men testified before the committee and, in
addition to that, there is personal knowl
edge on the part of the chairman of the
committee (Frye) and some members of it
who have seen the localities and formed
their views."
Bates (D.) of Tennessee inquired about
the views of the commercial boards at Los
Angeles; but before White could make a
full reply he pleaded indisposition, and
asked to have the matter go over till to
morrow.
The request was complied with, and the
Senate at 5:15 adjourned until to-morrow.
CLERKS FOR CONGRESSMEN.
Members of the Bouse Placed on Equal-
ity With Senator*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— After
several years' discussion and as many un
successful attempts, members of the
House to-day voted— l3o- to 108— to place
themselves on an equality with the Sen
ate in respect to the matter of providing
themselves with clerks the year round in
stead of for the sessions of Congress only.
It was not until 1393 that the House went
even so far as that. To-day's action was
preceded by an animated debate of an hour
or more, in which a dozen members took
part.
The principal opposition to the resolu
tion introduced by Hartman (R.) of Mon
tana and reported by the Committee on
Accounts without recommendation, was
upon the ground that tne treasury was not
in a condition to meet the increased ex
pense, but two or three members suggested
that the service of clerks were not needed.
The resolution was warmly advocated by
Hartman and Henderson (11.) of lowa.
Before being heard the resolution was
amended so as to exclude Representatives
who are chairmen of committees having
usual clerks.
Among the bills passed during the ses
were the following: To quiet title of cer
tain bona-tide purchasers of public lands;
to quiet titles to lands in Aredondo trrant,
Columbia County, Georgia; authorizing
the construction of life-saving stations at
Point Bonlta, Cal., and Port Huron, Mich. ;
appropriating $5000 to enable the President
to deport about 500 Indians in Montana
to the border and to deliver them to the
Canadian authorities; also twenty-four
private pension bills.
At 4:20 o'clock the House took a recess
until 8 o'clock, tiie evening session to be
for the consideration of private pension
bills.
At the evening session nearly an hour
was spent discussing the bill to pension
the widow of General Thomas Ewing. The
bill passed the Senate carrying $100 a
month and the Committee on Invalid Pen
sions recommended that it be reduced to
$76. Talbert m>ved to farther reduce it to
$50, and on that motion the whole question
of pensioning officers' widows was dis
cussed with much vigor. On a division
the motion of Talbert was agreed to — ayes
63, noes 60, but on a vote by tellers it was
rejected— 67 to 58. The committee amend
ment fixing the amount at ~575 was then
agreed to.
During the evening twenty-eight bills
were favorably acted upon, this being
seven more than the previous high record
established at a Friday night session in
this Congress. These, together with the
seventy-two bills considered at Wednes
day's session, were reported to the House
by Chairman Hepburn, and they all go on
the calendar.
Among the bills acted upon were the
following: To grant a pension of $75 a
month to Mrs. Mary Gould Carr, widow of
the late General Joseph B. Carr; to grant
a pension of $30 a month to Mrs. Helena
Funkhouser, widow of Colonel Funk
houser of the Nineteenth Illinois In
fantry.
At 10:30 o'clocK the House adjourned
until Monday.
CONTRACTS FOR ARMOR.
A Recommendation That Awards Be
Divided Between Companies. '
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— Captain
Sampson, chief of the Naval Bureau of
Ordnance, has recommended to Secretary
Herbert that the contracts for the armor
intended for the battle-ships Kearsarge
and Kentucky be divided between the two
bidders, the Carnegie Steel Company of
Pittsburg and the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany of the Bethlehem, Pa., the former
being given the manufacture of 3007 tons
, and the latter 2653. The division was made
on the basis of the bids in the separate
exhibit.
Each exhibit, and the bid* of both com
panies thereon, were compared, and the
iimi making the lowest proposal was rec
ommended the award in that particular
class. The amount of the Carnegie con
tract will be 11,660,518 20, and that of the
Bethlehem $1,462,191 80, a total of $3,122,
-710. Secretary Herbert has the privilege
of accepting or rejecting the recommenda
tion.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 8. — The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $117,656,614. The
day's withdrawals amounted to $1,154,100.
CIVIL SERVICE EXTENDED.
Thirty Thousand Government
Employes Are Added to the
Classified List.
All Are Now Responsible to the
Commission for Appointments
and Changes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— The
President has by his signature extended
the provisions ef the civil service law to
30,000 Government employes, increasing
the number of positions on the classified
list from 55,736 to 85,135, and with a few
minor exceptions between tbe extremes of
officials whose confirmation by the Senate
is constitutionally requisite, down to mere
laborers and workmen. Government ap
pointments are withdrawn as far as possi
ble from political influence and protected
in their tenure of office j the merit
system.
The President's signature yesterday
canceling all former orders issued
and substituting the new rules was
immediately tiled in the State Department
and went into effect at once, thus fore
stalling any possible action throughout
the country by appointing: officials or
transferring employes or in any other way
evading the rules before being formally
notified of them. From tbe moment of
its signature the new order made all Gov
ernment officials directly responsible to
the commission for appointments and
changes.
This revision of the rules divides
the executive, civil service into five
branches as follows: The departmental
service, the customhouse service, the post
office service, the Government printing
service auc the interna revenue service.
NICARAGUA CANAL WORK.
Election of Officers of the Maritime Com
pany at Aietc York.
NEW YORK, N. V., May B.— At the an
nual meeting of the Maritime Canal Com
pany of Nicaragua, the present company
chartered by act of Congress, held yester
day, there were represented 152,098 shares
out of a total issue of 222,135 shares. Direc
tors elected of the class of 1899 to succeed
themselves were Joseph Bryan of Virginia,
James Roosevelt, Hiram Hitchcock,
Thomas B. Atkm of New York. Of the
class of 1897 to fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Hon. R. (j. Sharon, A. G.
Menocal was elected.
The board of directors afterward met
and re-elected Himm Hitchcock president,
C. T. Daly vice-president, T. B. Atkins sec
retary and treasurer. The executive com
mittee consists of James Roosevelt, Hiram
Hitchcock, H. F. Howland, F. F. Thomp
son and A. G. Menocal in place of R. C.
Sharon, resigned.
ytittcaiikee'a Big Strike.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 8. - The
strike situation is not changed. The
strikers are apparently still in control.
Fewer cars are out than yesterday morn
ing. The tracks are blockaded in many
parts of the city.
The strike of streetcar men will con
tinue, both sides having at midnight in
formed the common council that they
would not arbitrate.
Holmes' Body Interred.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 8.-The
body of W. H. Holmes was imbedded in
cement in a pine box yesterday afternoon
after the hanging and placed in the vault
of the Holy Cross Cemetery. This after
noon it was buried in a grave ten feet in
depth. Father McPake conducted the
services at the grave.
Hi* Holiness Wept.
LONDON, Eng.. May 8.-Th« Chronicle's
Rome correspondent telegraphs that the
Pope was profoundly grieved when he
heard of the death of Cardinal Galimberti
prefect of the pontifical archives. When
Informed of the Cardinal's demise by Dr
Lapp >ni his Holiness wept and exclaimed :
'God wills that I should survive my most
devoted friends."
Persia's Hew Shah.
LONDON, £kg., May B.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Tabriz saying the new Shah, Muri
ler-ed-Din, is making preparations to start
from that city for Teheran, the cap.tal in
two weeks. He will be accompanied by
the British anl Russian Consuls, 8000
Persian infantry ana 3000 cavalry.
Destroyed by an Earthquake.
PANAMA, Colombia. May B.— The city
of Puerto Viejo, of 10,000 inhabitants, in
,£ ? H°J ince of Monabi, has been de
stroyed by an earthquake. Many lives are
believed to have been lost. ••*""
HUNTINGTON IS
OUT OF POLITICS:
Not Even Interested in the
Late Sacramento Con
vention.
ANTI-FUNDING PLANK.
Now Admits That the People
of California Are Seeking
Foreclosure.
ALL ARE JOINED AGAINST HIM.
Rather Peculiar Change of Views
. Since He Was Before the Sen
ate Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— C. P.
Huntington breaks into the Post's news
columns this rooming to inform Wash
ington people that he is "out of politics."
He was asked if he had read the dispatch
from Sacramento.
"Did you expect the convention would
instruct for McKinley?"
"Really I had not thought much about
it. lam not in politics and am not watch
ing these matters; in fact, I am doing
what I can to keep tbe railroad which I
in part control so far out of politics that
no one can justly accuse the company of
interfering in such matters. When nomi
nations are all made I shall then judge for
myself which is best."
"I notice they adopted an anti-funding
resolution?"
"Yes, I see they did, and I expected
they would ; in fact, I think the majority
of the people of California will do almost
anything to force the Pacific railroads
into the hands of the Government, think
ing that the Government will be induced
to operate them for the benefit of Cali
fornia, as many claim that she has never
received what she is entitled to from the
Federal Government, and that it would be
nothing more than fair to have the Gov
ernment own and run the Pacific railroads
largely in tbe interest of their State, bo
believing, I have no doubt they would do
almost anything to bring about such a re
sult."
The Star, commenting on this interview,
says: Mr. Huntington's idea of opposi
tion of the funding scheme is undergoing a
steady and gratifying expansion. At first
be represented to Congress that opinion
was confined to a few dozen irresponsible
soreheads, and that California, with the
rest of the world, was at his back.
He now admits that California is not at
his back, but contends that it is a case of
California alone against C. P. Huntington,
Representative Powers, the railroad lobby,
the American Republic and the world at
large.
When the test comes it is expected that
Mr. Huntington may be compelled to ad
mit that opposition to the funding scheme
has extended even outside of California.
The indebtedness of over $100,000,000 due
from Mr. Huntington and his associates
is not owed to California, but to the
United States, and the people in general
may take some little interest in the
prooosition that this debt shall be can
celed by obliterating the principal in con
sideration of a payment of less than tbe
legal rate of interest for a fixed term of
years. ______________
APPROVED BY CLEVELAND.
Expense* of the Commission to Meet in
This City.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May B.— The
President to-day approved the bill appro
priating $75,000 to defray the expenses of
the United States in the proposed joint
commission which, according to the pro
visions of the treaty recently agreed to by
the Senate, is to meet at San Francisco to
assess the damages alleged to have oeen
sustained by Canadian sealers through
being seized or otherwise molested while
engaged in the destruction of seais in
Bering Sea, outside the territorial iimits
of one marine league from the shores of
Pribyloff Islands.
The modifications made by the Senate
in the convention as originally agreed to
by Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British Em
bassador, and Secretary Olney, require
that the agreement shall be again referred
to the British Government for approval
but as tbe changes made by the Senate
were finally deprived of all important feat
ures, under pressure brought to bear by
the State Department, it is not anticipated
that any serious difficulty win interpose
to the final ratification and promulgation
of the treaty. As soon as this is accom
plished the three commissioners will be
appointed— one by the United States, one
by Great Britain and one by the President
of the Swiss Republic.
California Swamp Lands.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 8.-The
Secretary of the Interior has approved the
California swamp lard list for 3376 acres
m the Bacramento district, and the similar
list in the ban Francisco district for 12 793
ficrcs*
Supports the Canal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 8.-Gov
ernor W A. McCorKle of West Virginia
to-day addressed the House Committee on
lit «♦ ♦!? a v^ Forei S» Commerce in sup
port of the Nicaragua canal nroiect. P
The added pleasure of
riding a Columbia Bicy-
cle is worth every dollar
of the*JOO a Columbia
costs/ * & & & & &
Think well of this.
T t is a unanimous verdict.
_^S-__^_^^^ o*-i* j
STANDARD OF THE WORLD
Art Catalogue of Columbia and Hartford
Bicycle, is free if you call.
'•';-',; ...tt ' .. . ■' ' -• . . .
POPE MASUFMTIMG COIPASY,
344- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
IS7O PAGE ST.. NEAR STANYAN.
H__vO\vN _k _X? _^r _W^ l \*^s^>^r^^^^.
HUDYAN HEN YOU BEGIN TO
" have bad dreams,
HIIDYAN when you begin to feel
nUU TAIN tired and weary In ths
morning:, when you can't
HL DYAN look ? our *ellovr square In
iivsi_r 1 rvn the ace when yoii feel
iit -»•., *«.» timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
you must have a iriend to
HUnYAN ?! lp 2 0u Hudyan is your
n LJ I /\IN friend. Hudyan is man's
best friend. Hudyan scops
HUDYAN bad dreams, night losses,
* Wfc "^ * " " . cures failing manhood, re-
iinn\/*\f news, remakes man. If
HUDYAN yon don't sleep well, If
your appetite is poor, if
UllinVAM ou are suffering from the
nUUI AIN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
HI IF) YAM You need something to
nuuiniN brace you up# Take <» the .
■ ,, mUA best you can get. You
HUDYAN can get Hudyan only by
applying to the doctors ot
HUDYAN the Hudson Medical In \
ri UDY A N smme.
*************
• V HtDTAN . / +
Circulars and Testimonials
• FREE. *
*************
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis sta.
TAINTED BLOOD.
T4ISTED BLOOD P ur « wood, due to
Till rfn'Ri Ann' seri( J UB private disorders,
IAiUIrJ BLOOD carries myriads of sore-
Tll&Tl'A RIAAft producing germs. Thea
IAIHJ.LU dLUUII come sore throat, pimples.
TAH'TED BLOOD copper-colored spots, ul-
rriivlri! Nt Ann cers in mouth, old Bores
TAIITED BLOOD and falling hair. You can
TAMED BLOOD &*?£s£?. to? %\o%
TAINTED BLOOD SSi&e 11 1 old phyBi -
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and El in Sta.
KIDNEYS Many men lead rapja
i/tnKtrvo lives and subject them-
IS. lUIN C. V selves to such baneful
practices that their kid-
I^inMCVO neysare almost used up.
r\.IUViC I O These are a few of the
.-..^ — — . effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Great Weakness— Thirst
UlunEllo -Excessive Quantity of
t/in\ir\/f> Water Passed — Em acia-
KIDNEYS tion-Specific Grsvity
High— Bilious Attacks—
I^inMCVC Neuralgic Pains
IMUINE.IO —Sudden Sweats—
of Vision— Lioss
KIDNEYS of Be* 11 *! Power— Mouth,
ixiumtio Dry — Tongue Coated —
i/ir\Mr\/o Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS ily-Appetite Variable-
Flatulence — Constipation
I^inMCVC or Diarrhoea— Skin Bry
TV lUIN E. V and Yellowish — Boils —
.-■ ■ Carbuncle — Eczema aoA
KIDNEYS Itch mgs— Swelling of Low-
-1 rwiLsmc I O cr Extremities— Loss of
„ * »xi c>\/ r» Flesh. If you want to
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
neys write for the book,
KIDNEYS ney .- M » M «»-o' Kld -
HDDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis SU.
LIVER When your liver ii affected
■ ■"**■ you may feel blue, melancholy.
. n rr->r-» irritable and easily discon-
LIVbR certed. You will notice many
symptoms that you really have.
1 I\/CD and many that you really do not
*-» V Cn have. You need a good Ji»er
regulator, and this you should
I IVPR take at once. You can get it
* -1 v t-I * from us. Write for book on
_ .__ _ __ liver troubles, "Ail About the
LIVER Liver," seat free.
Hndson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. ,
SAN FBANCI3CO. CAL. .
|| FA1 L e 0 -
DOGTOBSWEANY.
IF YOU HAVK tfJiSSSodJ! brain Ot sexl
ONE MAN
_ will cure you? This man li
Who you know $ l ™ celebrated specialist.
Dr. F. L. EA f n *; t e d at 737 Market street,
whose offices are l° c *; e o^* cve v Examiner office.
San Franco, opp >* to 5 and 7toBP. M.
IKaS^i^
A£4RNYS\
TS THE VERY.litnt ONE TO EXAMINES
lropr eves anu fit tnem to Spectacles and Bye-
riawes t?itb n 3 tf meuts of nil own invention,
w£SS?»noerlonty not been equaled. My suo-
hi been due/a the meriw 0» my work.
Office Hours- If to 4 p. M- ,
9*J WW PRIVATE DISPENSARY
CPECTALIT- DISEASES OF MEN, IKCLU&
' ■. D Ins all foirns of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dip-
easesof a prltnte nature. Over 20 years' experience
Book sent Her. Patients cured at Home. Terns
reasonable. ' office Hours. 9to 3 dally ; 6:30 to 8:»
evenings. . »imliiys, 10 to 12. Consultation ireeaid
sacredly confidential. Call or address -,'
p. BOSCOE jifM'iTi. W- ».. I *
28.!^ liejunr »tre«t. San »raui'i»co, til.STANFORD'S DAY
AT SAN JOSE,
University Students Rally
at the Great Rose
Carnival.
BERKELEY BOYS JOIN IN
Field Sports Witnessed by Fair
Queen Lillian and Her
Happy Following.
ONE COAST RECORD BROKEN.
Festivities to Close With the Parade
of Jolly King Cole and a
Grand Ball.
SAN JOSE, Calm, May B.— There has
been no lull in carnival festivities and the
crowds of visitors who were present at the
opening are staying to see the great floral
fete through.
Interesting were the athletic games wit
nessed by Queen Lillian and her fair and
gallant escort at Recreation Park. Base
ball, basket-ball and varied field sports in
which the cracks of Palo Alto and Berke
ley were arrayed caused unusual interest
to center in the day's events.
To-night a diversified entertainment
given by students of the Stanford Univer
sity at the pavilion was followed by danc
ing, in which the hosts and their guests
joyously participated.
Varied and most entertaining is the pro
gramme for to-morrow. In the afternoon
will be held the League of American Wheel
men meet at Recreation Park, under the
auspices of the Garden City Cyclers.
Old King Cole and his cohorts will
make a wild demonstration in this city to
morrow evening as a grand finale of the
carnival. The King is determined
to wrest the scepter from Queen
Lillian. It is promised that the
King's triumphal pageant will be as
grand and terrible as the demonstration
of the Queen was gorgeous and beautiful.
Company B of the National Guard to-day
completed arrangements by which they
will be able to perform their duties as
escorts extraordinary and fiery lancers to
the hutre imperial dragon that was im
ported from Marysrille.
Tbe Arabian degree Klau will also aid
tbe King in his invasion and resumption
of his power with some mighty demon
strations. The King's forces have through
some treasonable acts of supposed sup
porters of the Queen come into possession
of her royal chariot.
It will be illuminated with hundreds of
electric lights, and will be used by the
X njr in his terrible march to-nignt. Two
ottier floats that were formerly in the ser
vice of Queen Lillian will be turned into
war chariots for the use of King Cole's
court to-night.
It in -•r.^nised tbat San Jose's carnival
will close with the grandest outdoor spec
tacular demonstration ever seen on the
coast.
STANFORD'S GREAT DAY.
Baseball and Other Sports at Agricul-
tural Park.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May B.— This was
Stanford day, and at 10 o'clock the student
body of the great university arrived, about
500 strong, on a special train. They were
met at the depot by Roncovieri's band
and escorted through tne streets of the
city. The students wore the cardinal of
the university, and at frequent intervals
along their line of March gave their col
lege yells.
At Market and Santa Clara streets the
students broKe ranks and made their way
to the pavilion and Agricultural Park,
where a baseball game with Berkele y and
field-day exercises were held.
The baseball game drew an attendance
of about 4000, a large part of whom were
ladies. The Stanford team wore cardinal
suits, while the Berkeley boys were dressed
in blue and gold. The playing was excit
ing and the game was one of the best ever
•
• J. H. HENRY. DIRICTOR-GENERAL OF THE SAN JOSE ROSE CARNIVAL.
seen in this city. Tht game resulted in
favor of Stanford by a store of Bto 3. The
batteries were McLaine md Jeffs for Stan
ford and Morden and V heeler for Berke
ley.
Neither side scored untilthe third inning,
when Stanford made a tin. In the fifth
Berkeley made two run; and Stanford
scored another, making <he g.ime 2to 2.
The sixth and seventli iftiines were fine
exhibitions of ball-playing the batieriers
doingsplenaid work. In th« eighth Berke
ley knocked out another run, and it looked
like the blue and gold wouldwin.
• vVhen Stanford got to the bat Berkeley
became rattled, and before thiy n aliz?d it
six runs had been made ly Stanford,
Young making a home run. In the ninth
the Berkeley boys failed to score.
? Stanford. A.B. r. Ib. b.b. P.O. a. B.
Taylor, 5.5...V. 4 10 0 10 0
Jeffs, c ...:..., 6 12 0 6-0 0
Harris, 2 b.'......:.\ a' 0 ■ 0 0 ' 1 '6 ■ 0
Young, 1b... .4 12 0 .11 0 0
btiarp.Sb 3. 1113 0 0
Thompson, Lf....;. 4 11 0 2 11
Stacsbery, r. f...:.. 2 10 1 l 00
rreemao, c. t...\.v. 4110200
M^Lalne. p 4 13 0 13 1
T0ta15... ...... 35 8 10 2 27 10 2
BKRKKUSY. A.B. B. 18. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Bachelder, r. f...... 4 '12 110 0
Wheeler, c ...;..... 4 0 3 0 3 4 1
Henessey, 1 b...... 4.01 0 14 1 0
Kistoii, 20. 3 0 0 0 2 2.2
Mcsaren, 5.8....... 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Kruc, 3 b ;. a 0 0 0 2 0 1
Hoag.l.f. 4 110 0 0 1
Proctor, c. f..: 4 l 0 0 0 0 0
Morden, p 4 0 00 0 6 1
Totals ....35 3 7 "l 24 17 6
BUSS BT INNINGS.
123456789
Stanford 00101006 0-8
Berkeley o 0 0 0 2 0 0 1 o—3
SUMMARY.
Earnea runs— Stanford 1, Berkeley 1. Btruck
out— By McLaine 2, by Morden 4. Base on balls-
Stanford 4, Uerkelev 1. Left on bases— Stanford
8. Berkeley 6. iJouble plays— Morden to Henesary
to Krug. Two-base hit— Freeman. Home run—
Touni;. Wild pitches — Morden 2. Umpire —
Charles Gagus.
The field-day sports in the afternoon
drew about 5000 spectators. Queen Lillian
and her maids of honor were on the scene
early, their gaily decorated vehicies at
tracting considerable attention. They
were interested spectators of the efforts of
Stanford's agile students, and did not
leave the track until late in the afternoon.
During the progress of the athletic sports
and the basket- ball game Runcovieri's
band enlivened the sports with an
occasional selection.
The first event was a 100-yard dash, in
which the contestants were J. P. Bernhard,
Evans Holbrook, George Toombs, J. P.
Colliver and H. Reynolds. The race was
an easy one for Bernhard, who led all tue
way. Harry Reynolds, who has made
quite a reputation as a hurdler, showed
up well in this contest, crossing the line
less than a yard behind the leader. George
Toombs was third, Holbrook fourth and
Coliiver fifth. Bern bard went the distance
in the fast time of 10 1-5 seconds.
The entries for the high jump were:
George Toombs, H. B. Reynolds, C. S.
Dole and R. L. Wilber. This contest was
won by Toombs, who cleared 5 feet 5%
inches.
The exhibition of pole-vaulting by C. S.
Dole aroused quite a little enthusiasm.
Dole's record, which is also the record of
the Pacific Coast, is 10 feet 10 inches, and
he made an attempt to-day to make a still
higher flight. He vaulted over the stick
at an altitude of 10 feet with ease, but 11
feet was just a trifle too much for him.
Once it looked as if he had succeeded, but
just as the Stanford yell began to circulate
the right arm of the vaulter touched the
stick and down it came, the Stanford yell
ending in a whistle as it fell. After a half
dozen creditable attempts Dole concluded
to let bis record stand at 10 feet 10 inches.
In the hammer-throwing contest two
hammers were used, one weighing twelve
pounds and the other sixteen. Dorn of
the University of California threw the
12-pound hammer 180 feet, and C. M.
Ficfcert of Stanford University tnrew the
16-pound hammer 130 feet.
The broad jump was declared off, and in
The Enthusiastic Wheelmen Forego the Pleasures of the Flower Carnival and
Instead of -Mixing With Gay Thousands. Keep to Themselves and Train Hard
on the New Cement Track for To-Day's Meet.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
its place there was a putting the shot con
test.
There was no 16-pound shot handy, so
Fickertand R. L. Wilt>er threw a 12-pound
shot. Wilber won the match, throwing
the shot 54 feet 11 inches, beating the
coast record 9 feet 4 inches.
As a 12-pound shot is seldom used, there
has been little competition for a record
with that weight.
The 220-yard dash was an interesting
contest in which fast time was male. J.
Brunton won in 22 4-5 Beconds, H. B. Rey
nolds was second, George Toombs third
and J. H. Colliver fourth.
Seven sophomores and seven freshmen
then gave an exhibition of fancy tumbling
that caught the crowd.
After accomplishing many difficult feats
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
Harry J. Edwards, "Jolly King Cole," Who Will Lead the Gay Procession Through San Jose.
the acrobats lined up in the following
order for a game of basket ball :
Sophomore team— Bradley, front; Hars
ted, front; Hansbery, front; Vandeveer,
center; Carle, guard; Howells, guard-
Rasch (captain), guard. Freshman team-
King, front; Farmer, front; Radon, front;
Bnow (captain), center; Fischer, uuard;
Spencer, guard; Garner, guard. George
P. Baldwin was umpire and Charles D.
Dillon referee.
The game was close and exciting. The
first half of the game was played without
either side scoring a goal, but in the last
half the contestants called on their re- I
serve energy and went after the ball with
renewed vigor. In their enthusiasm both
sides committed a few fouls, but no hard
feeling was engendered. The sophomores
made the first goal, but in a few seconds
the agile freshmen evened up the score.
Six more goals were made during the re
mainder of the pame, four of which went
to the sophomores and two to the fresh
men. At the call of time the score stood
5 to 3 in favor of the sophomores.
The field events were given under the
auspices of the following committee: C. F.
Aaron (chairman), G. B. Wilson J. O
Watson, W. H. Osgood, D. E. Brown, H. 8.
Hicki, W. A. Sutherland, F. V. Keesling
and C. M. Bradley. George Toombs was
track captain, D. E. Brown chairman of
the committee on athletics, J. M. Gregory
starter, and F. E. Keesling and W. H. Os
good timers.
FORESTERS AT WATS ONFILLE.
The Grand Court Conclude* lit Station
by Initatti»o Officer*.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., May B.— When
the Grand Court of Foresters convened
this morning there was a marked decrease
in the attendance, due no doubt to the
activity displayed at the banquet last even
ing. The entire morning session was taken
up with the report of the law committee.
Several amendments relating to the dis
position of appeals and others, which were
submitted with a view of making certain
ambiguous clauses in the Dresent laws
more clear and explicit, were adopted.
Upon recommendation of the committee
on acts and decisions the report of the
executive committee was approved, with
the exception of that part relating to in
surance. When the last Supreme Court
virtually abolished the endowment fund,
several members of the order formed the
Foresters' Mutual Life Association in Los
Angeles, proposing to issue cheap insur
ance to members of the order only. The
executive council recommended that the
plans and purposes of that association be
approved and that it receive the cordial
encouragement and support of tne execu
tive council.
As it has been shown by the member
ship in California at previous sessions of
tbe Grand Court that the insurance fea
ture was not desired, the members of the
visiting board are to be allowed $5 per
diem and actual railroad fare while travel
ing on official visits. It was decided tbat
any member who resides outsiae of the
jurisdiction of his own county must take
out a medical roll curd, and when makin ■
application to be placed on the medical
roll of a court he must pass a satisfactory
examination before ihe physician of the
court to which he makes such application.
This will not apply to those members who,
already having cards, are desirous of hav
ing them renewed upon their expiration.
When the consideration ot the erand
secretary's report of the estimated ex
penses for the fiscal year came up the
economists of the order got down to busi
ness.
The budget called for an outlay of $9590.
This was cut down about. $330 by reduc
inp the allowance to the visiting board
and cutting off the customary subsidy of
$120 to the Forester of America, a fraternal
monthly paper. There has been a great
deal of talk in the subordinate courts for
thejpast year and a great many delegates
had been instructed to make every effort
to have the per capita tax reduced." It was
clearly shown, however, that such a course
would seriously cripple the extension of
the work of the order and that the final
result would be retrogression and the per
capita tax for the coming year was fixed
at 80 cents.
Tne incoming executive council was in
structed to procure the new regalia for
past grand chief rangers and present tbe
same to all such past officers in good
standing. The thanks of the grand body
were unanimously voted to the press of
WatsonviKe and the San Francisco Call
for the clear and succinct reports of the
proceedings of this session, and three
cheers were given for the ladies and citi
zens of Watsonville for tbe hospitality
extended to the visitors. The installation
of officers was performed t>y Deputy Su
preme Chief Ranger C. P. RenJon, after
which the Grand Court adjourned sine die.
WOODLAND WOMEN WORKERS.
District Hoard of Missions in Session.
Interesting I'rocredinyt.
WOODLAND, Cal., May B.— The Chris
tian Woman's Board of Missions for the dis
trict comprising Woodland and Sacramento
was in session at the Christian Church
this afternoon. The visiting delegates are
Mesdames Adams, Jones, Wallace, Fors
man, Hignet, Wagner, McLean, Lusk,
Collier and Denton and Misses Marie Gar
ret and Phoebe Craig.
The meeting was called to order by Mrs.
A. Li. Boggs, the president, who also con
ducted the devotional exercises and deliv
ered an address of welcome. The response
was made by Mrs. J. E. Denton of Sacra
mento. The audience was then favored
with a solo by Mrs. Arthur McLean. Mrs.
R. D. Adams deMvered the district man
ager's address, in which she reviewed the
work of tbe board during the year.
Mrs. T. S. Spaulding read a paper on
ths subject, "This Is the One Thing I Do,"
which was full of thought and feeling.
This was followed by a solo by Mrs. W. H.
Grant. A paper on the topic, "How Can
We Interest Our Women in Missionary
Work?" was read by Mrs. Collier of Sac
ramento. This was followed by a general
discussion. A trio was rendered by Mes
dames Forsman. Wallace and Jones of the
Sacramento choir. A paper on "Reasons
Why Our Women Are Not Interested,"
was read by Mrs. H. J. Schuler. Tnis was
followed by a discussion, participated in
by the members generally. The next in
order was a duet by Mesdaraes Jones and
Forsman. Mrs. C.W. Thomas read a paper
on "Seasons in Which Our Women Should
Be Interested." A discussion followed on
this paper, led by Mrs. Powers and parti
cipated in only by members of the Second
Christian Church. Mrs. Sue E. Grant ed
the assemblage in prayer, which closed
the session.
STATE HORTICULTURISTS
Meet at the Capitol and JMgcum the
Fruit Outlook.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 8. — The
State Horticultural Society met in the
State Capitol this morning, and tbe day
was consumed in discussion on various
matters pertaining to the fruit interests of
the State at large. From all reports it
would seem that the damage by frost has
not been uuiversal throughout the State,
serious damage being confined to scat
tered localities, and the outlook for fruit
growers is far brighter than was at first
expected after the iate frosts. At the
afternoon session the members listened to
a lecture on the Irrigation of deciduous
fruits by Professor E. W. Hiigard of the
California University, and a general dis
cussion of irrigation problems followed.
A frigate bird can fly an entire week
without stopping to rest.
FESTIVE SCENES
AT HEALDSBURG.
Balloon Ascensions, Bronco
Riding and Bicycle
Racing.
THE STREETS THRONGED
King of the Calithumpians Bids
Farewell to All of His
Subjects.
THE QUEEN TO ABDICATE TO-DAY
Prime Minister aad Cabinet About to
Lay Down Th?ir Insignia of
Office.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., May B.— A cooler
wind ushered in to-day and a slight fog
was perceptible to early risers. There
were some of these — particularly those
who had "made a night of it" — and the
streets were soon filled with people, many
of whom were willing to rest from carni
vals for another year. The band began to
play, and the throngs to pass and repass,
in happy confusion. Some few took the
early trains for home, but most of the
visitors remained to see the entire round
of events. Tue merry-go-round, the lemon*
ade and icecream stands took in their
share of stray nickels, and even the phono
graph man, with his squeaky, rubber
tubed machine, delighted the small boys
and country maidens and reaped quite a
harvest.
The first event of the day was a balloon
ascension, the balloon being a hot-air bag,
sixty-five feet in heighu The aeronaut
went up with his head in a sling, suspend
ed by the neck, gave some acrobatic per
formances in the air, and descended by
means of a parachute from a height of
nearly 1000 feet.
Following this was an exhibition of
fancy and difficult riding, picking up ob
jects from tbe ground on a running horse,
etc, by "Buck" Coleman of Oregon. This
was quite well done, but when he pro
posed to ride a wild horse on tbe public
street the city dads objected and relegated
the show to a field at tne edj;e of town.
The crowd having adjourned the fiery and
untanv d mustang was brought forth. It
turned out to be a neat three-year-old who
objected somewhat to the rough manner
in which he was being v ed, but showed no
symptoms of vicioustiess. Vigorous spur
ing and "lambasting" elicited a succes
sion of gentle jumps, and while the throng
yelled the caballero dismounted in tri
umph. An old black steed that bad not
quite forgotten his young tricks offered a
more realistic idea of bucking stock and
nave the bold vaquero a sight of a bucking
horse.
The Veteran Firemen and Exempts took
their departure at 2 o'clock, leaving many
newly made friends and bearing kind feel
ings for their hosts of Healrlsburg.
They marched down to the depot with
flying banners, escorted by bands of
ratific, and by those who were sorry to see
them go they will always be welcomed on
tht'ir future returns to Hcaldsburg.
Without any intermission the people
wended their way to tbe wheelmen's meet,
at the east side of town. The bicycle races
at the track were fairly well attended, the
afternoon being very pleasant, though a
trifle windy. The judges were Cowan,
Morse, Shrader and Elliot, with Barnes as
teferee. While waiting for the crowds to
nil up tbe grand stand Messrs. Near and
Smith gave an exhibition mile on a tan
dem, making the run in 2:35 3-5.
The Cloyerdale band having arrived the
races began at 3 o'clock, of which the fol
lowing Is a summary:
The first race was between A. V. Starks, L.
H. Stewart, C. Bond and E. Delvan trial, two
thirds of a mile, scratch, Healdsburg Club
race, scratch. The boys got off well together
at the word and the race was won by Stewart
in 1:56 1-5, Delvanthal a close second, Bond
third.
The next race was & one-mile handicap, the
entries and handicaps being: George W. Tan
tan, scratch; J. C. Near, S. K. W., CO yards;
Charles Stewart, S. R. W., 60 yards; George
Felix, S. R. W., 60 yards; F. C. Hansen, C. C. C,
75 yards; W. G. Barnes, H. \V., 90 yards; J.
Plunkett, S. R. W., 100 yards. Prizes: First,
$20 gold chain; second, $10 meaaL Won by
Near in 3:10 1-5, followed by Stewart, Plun
kett, Felix and Hansen. Barnes and Plunkett
collided, hurting Barnes slightly.
The second heat was between Noonan,
S. R. \V., 20 yards; Leitch, C. C. 'VY., 50 yards;
Godman, S. R. W\, 60 yards; Armstrong,
S. R. W. ( 60 yards, and Bond, H. W., 75 yards.
Won by Noonan in 2:34, Armstrong, Godman,
Leitch and Bond in order.
In the final heat Near, Noonan, Armstrong,
Stewart. Felix, Plunkett, Leitch and Barnes
started. The three first finished in the order
nnmed in 2:32 1-5.
Third race, one mile, county professional.
Prizes $20 and $10. Entries: Harve Fuller,
H. W.; Newton aud Ackerman, P. W.J B. H.
Barnes, H. W.j W. H. Lowery, H. W. Won by
Ackerman in 2:43, Fuller and Barnes next.
Fourth race, one mile, county amateur —
Prizes, $30 diamond and $20 gold medal.
Entries for first heat— Near, Williamson, Arm
strong, Stewart, Noonan. Near won in
2:54 4-5, Noonan and Williamson next.
Second heat, entries — Plunkett, Delvanthal,
Felix, Godman and Smith. Won by Godman
in 2:46 1-5; next were Delvanthal and Smitn.
Last heat, entries — Near, Noonan, Godman,
Smith, Delvanthal. Won by Noonan in
2:54 1-5, Near and Smith followlug.
V 'fth race, one mile, open amateur — Prizes,
$35 diamond and $20 ring. Entries— Noonan,
Armstrong, Godman and Leitch. Won by
Noonan in 2:55, Leitch second and Armstrong
third.
Second heat, entries — Williamson, Nenr and
Tantan. Won by Williamson in 2:34 2-5, Tan
tan and Near close behind.
Final heat, entiies all but Godmaa — Won by
Williamson in 2:49 1-5, Noonan close behind.
The wind blew quite strongly toward
the end of the races, raising some dust.
Two accidents occurred in the final race.
Tantau ran off the track and fell, bruising
himself slightly. Altogether the meet was
considered quite satisfactory and every
body was well pleased.
Later in the afternoon the Calithumpi
ans again made their appearance and the
King bid farewell to the kingdom which
he was not powerful enough to control,
giving way to the Queen, who will to
morrow abdicate in favor of Uncle Sam,
leaving the sweetest memories of her short
but glorious reign. The Prime Minister
has already laid down his insignia of office
and retired to private life, while the Cabi
net is on the point of resigning. The
beautiful valley of Sotoyome will resume
its usual placid appearance on Saturday
morning, leaving the floral carnival of
1896 as a memory of which all may well be
proud and to which our visitors will refer
as to happy days.
AUBURN'S FETE IS ON.
A Pretty Exhibit— The Optra- House a
Bower of Beauty.
AUBURN, Cal., May B.— The Auburn
festival of flowers is on and a very pretty
exhibit it is. The opera-house is a perfect
bower of beauty. A veritable hanging
tropical garden covers the entire gallery,
and palms, coleus, azaleas, lilies and
spruce and cedar trees are arranged
in artistic confusion. From the ceil
ing and wails over the parquet huge
garlands of evergreen are drooped, and
the walls are matted with tissue-paper
roses set on a charming ivy background,
while hundreds of bright-winged Dutter
flies are apparently flitting from flower to
flower. On either side of the hall the
booths are arranged, thus leaving the
center for promenading. The tableaux
entertainment on the stage has never been
equaled in this city. The show will be
continued to Saturday night at the request
of everybody.
Burglars at Florin.
FLORIN, Cal., May B.— Burglars entered
NEW TO-DAY.
64 Ai *4"
Sloane's"
NOTTINGHAM
LACE
CURTAINS
1000 Pairs. Sold Elsewhere
at $2.50 per Pair, to Close at
§1.25 per Pair.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS
CARPET
Best Hade, 75 Cents per Yard,
Sewed; Laid and Lined.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
. 641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. '
Waist ruined for the are used The only
: O^fSiouh certain remedy is
I Weld Dress Shields.
:We agree to replace any dress damaged
: by perspiration when the Canficld Shield
■ has been properly attached.
Ask for and insist upon XwS^^m
hayine; "Caafleld Dress Ag^fcffiHfflWlN
RUBBER COMPANY. mU)an/!u>£/M
RUBBER COMPANY. Vl^J^'Jw
New York, VW|.
London and Paris. >Bfi|?|gflg@^
For sale by dealers every- Trade-Mark on emy .
where. Shield.
•' , . ~ • ;,■-;■: ;■:•, And In San Francisco by . ■-:
TheHamburgerCo., Kohlberg, Strauss &
Irohman, W. C. Hays, Newman & 'LeYiii-
•on, Jos. Koaenberg, Schoenholtz Bros.
& Co., <;. Verdier A. Co., Hale Bros (Inc.),
1 Smith's Cash Store.
the Southern Pacific Company's station at
this place some time during the early
hours this mornine. After vainly endeav
ing to pry the front door open with a crow
bar an entrance was effected by breaking a
back window. Everything in the station
bears evidence of being disturbed, but
what was secured beyond a small sum of
money taken from the uU cannot be as
certained until all business is ctiecked up.
Wells-Fargo Express and the postoffice
are in the same building. It is not be
lieved the mail was touched, though valu
able registered letters were among it. A
quantity of postage stamps were conspicu
ous and might have been taken by the
burglars, but they were not disturbed.
The station was entered about the same
time last year and a large sum of money
secured.
y. HEW TO-DAT.'
r^rc^*"^ * ■ i
Hypnotizine the gullible is the main-
stay of the cheap clothier and wood-
chopper tailor. But is there no end of
gulliblea?
MEN===
Real men— with some thought anil
judgment— who know . the difference
between a small price and a pood
moneys worth ; who know that a price
means nothing unless there's a good
house behind it— here's something for
YOU:
$7— For a good Summer Suit— several
lines of neat Cheviot Patterns ; sizes 34
to 47. .
No nit-or-miss workmanship, if you
please— not in this house.
$lO— This is a hummer All-wool
Suits, plain colors and mixed cheviot
effects ; medium weight.
TOP COATS— Four newest shades;
nobby cut ; . satin-lined sleeves; fine,
perfect; $10. $10! _ '■
1000 pairs Men's All-wool Trousers
—season's cut— new patterns, $2 50.
Compare the QUALITY.
Order by mail. We GUARANTEE
satisfaction.
STATEMENT
OF THE
ji^V: CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
\ OF THE , .
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE LMRAM CO3IPAKY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OP Wis-
\J consin, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1895. and for the year ending on that day, made
to Che Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of section
613 of the Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real, estate owned by
the company. ........' 31,400,863 IB
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,113 24
Cash loans to policy-holders on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral... 1,948,050 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 12,635,201 08
Amount of cash on hand in com-
I pany's 0ffice...:.... ...... ...... 97,169 05
Amount of cash deposited In banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued , 1,30-", 318 08
Bents due and accrued.'.....:....... 8,987 71
Net amount Of premiums in pro-'
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums 1.481,470 74
. Total assets $82,902, 389~64
LIABILITIES. ~~ ""— ~
Claims for death losses and ma-
. tured endowments, due and un-
paid....... ................... 65,318 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but cot
due.......... .............;. 282,359,67
Claims resisted by the company.... 43,844 99
Net- present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experi-
■ ence tables of mortality, with 4
per cent interest 65,804,572 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders. ::..... 94,740 97
All other demands against the com- —. -
pany". 108,094 01
Total liabilities ............ 66, 388,828 38
INCOME. "~
Cash • received for premiums on ' -.--'\.^
new policies during the year...... $1,579,149 92
Cash received tor renewal of pre-
miums during the year.... 11,990,630 79
Cash received for sale of annuities. ? 8,-91 97
Cash received for interest.... 8,837,791 60 '
Cash received torrents ........... - 109,042 23
Cash ' received from all other
sources 27,26941
Total Income $17,660,775 92
EXPENDITURES.
Paid for losses and matured en-
dowments ; $3,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants..... . 2,554 26
Paid for surrendered policies. .. 872,671 38
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296.894 65
Commissions paid to agent 5........' 1,543,571 62
Salaries aud other compensation of
officers and employes, except :
agents and medical examiners... 306,198 23
Salaries and traveling expenses of ■
managers of agencies 899 91
Aledlcal examiners' fees ana sal- „
. aries 119,691 15
Cash paid for taxes.... 194,323 73
Cash paid torrents : 25 000 00
All other cash payments 782,119 16
•■ Total expenditures during the —
-, year :......:.. $8,656,662 42
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
' premium obligations at  . -
beginning of the year... 5467,540 42 :.
■Premium notes and other
premium obligations re- ■ ' • ■ •
ceived during the year. . 89,664 60
' $557,205 01
Deductions during the year as follows:- -
Amount of notes and ■ . ■ .
oiher premium obliga- • m
tions used in payment
of losses and c1aim5.... 522,756 17
Amount • of • notes and . ■ < .■-'->■
other premium obliga-
: tions used In purchase
. of surrendered policies. 10,436 31
Amount of • notes and
other premium obliga- .
tions used in payment
of dividends to policy-
holders. ......:....:..•... '■ 66,639 04
Amount of notes and .
other premium obliga- ..
tions voided by lapse of - ; .
p01icie5..;..:. .r.......:. 18,780 90
Amount of notes and .
, other premium' obliga- ■ .
tions • redeemed by
maker in ca5h.'......... ,25,290 16
Total ), reduction 'i of ; •;
premium no:e account.. - j $138,903 18
H. L. PALMER, President,
J. W. SKINNER, secretary. . ;
Subscribed and sworn to before me this . Ist day -
of February, 1896;
C. A. PHIDE, Notary. Public
34
LOS ANGELES'
FRIDAY CLUB,
A Flourishing Organization
of Prominent and
Brainy Women.
PHILANTHROPIC WORK.
Artists, Authors, Newspaper
and Magazine Writers in
the Ranks.
PRACTICALLY A LECTURE CLUB
Mr. J. C. Harvey Entertains the Ladies
With a Sketch of His Ideal
Tropical Garden.
LOS ANGELES, Cat., May B.— The Fri
day Club, an oiganization of ladies, with
the largest membership of any similar as
sociation on the Pacific Coast, held a regu
lar meeting at its hall on South Broad
way this forenoon. This organization con
tains many of the most prominent and
intellectual women of Southern California.
Many of them are noted for works of char
ity in the community. Among the mem
bers may be found artists, authors, news
paper apd magazine writers. A large pro
portion are suffragists.
To a Call correspondent, who was pres
ent on this occasion, many of the ladies
expressed the heartiest approval of the
paper's "new departure." This associa
tion of splendid women is practically a
lecture clnb. Several gentlemen and ladies
of National reputation have lectured be
fore the body on a wide range of topics.
These addresses or essays are followed by
promiscuous discussion and plying of
questions to the speaker. There are few
if any "dummies" in the organization,
and while many of these ladies are house
wives they believe in mixing braibs with
their everyday duties.
The officers are: President emeritus,
Mrs. C. M. Severance : president, Mrs. 3. A.
Osgood; vice presidents, Mrs. W. A. Spald
ing, Mrs. B.C. Whiting; secretary, Mrs.
G. H. Wadleigh; treasurer, Mrs. G. M.
North.
The subject this morning was "A Trop
ical Garden in Southern California and a
Few Notes on Orchids," by J. C. Harvey.
Mr. Harvey is president of the Los An
geles Botanical Society and is especially
interested in the experimental garden this
society has established in Elysian Park in
this city. Mr. Harvey has given the col
lection of orchids presented him by John
D. Rockefeller to East Side Park, his de
sire to benefit and beautify the city being
as great as his love for flowers.
The speaker commenced his paper with
a little sketch on the threshold of the
equatorial region and touched with graphic
lights the magnificent beauty of its vege
tation, the color of the beautiful forests,
the massive dome-like structure of the
trees, the independent growth of para
sites, ferns and numberless aerial plants,
and the prodigious influence of warmth
and moisture were all shown in high re
lief. Gorgeous bird- winged butterflies,
such as toe ornithopetera and bapilos, reach
their maximum size and beauty here.
Of orchids, Mr. Harvey exhibited num
berless plates of these curious and beautiful
plants found in Asia, Africa, Peru, Brazil,
Mexico, the West Indies, Madagascar and
the adjacent islands. The speaker touched
on the extreme beauty of the orchids, the
aerial and terrestrial, the former found in
hot regions on the banks of streams, and
constantly bathed by spray, and the latter
in temperate regions. He further delinea
ted the capricious nature of the orchid, its
enrious structure and habits. This splen
did race of plants owes much of its beauty
to the fact that nature abhors self-fertiliza
tion, and in this class of plants at least,
has provided marvelous contrivances by
which the pollen is protected from the
vicissitudes attending other flowers, and
ultimately disseminated by the aid of
certain insects.
Mr- Harvey then turned to the tropical
garden, and outlined the beauty that could
be produced by the laying out of the same.
The ideal garden should not be less than
200 feet front and 200 feet deep. The resi
dence should be built on one side with a
wide sweep of sward fn front.
The essay and aftertalk were very de
lightful and greatly enjoyed by the club,
the ideal garden portrayed by Mr. Harvey
being greatly appreciated by the many
lovers of flowers.
BRUTALITY PUNISHED.
A Los Angeles Teamster Ha* to Take
\y;-:-'. . Hi* Own Medicine. •
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May B.— "The
man not afraid to wantonly beat his
horses" got his deserts here this morning
on South Broadway. G. A. Phelps is the
getlem&n in question. In a most vicious
and inexcusable manner he was found by
J. E. Kelly belaboring his team with a
horsewhip. The good Samaritan protested
against the cruelty, but all in vain. The
human brute said he owned the horses
and would do as tarnation pleased. Kelly
again urged cessation of "horsetilities" to
no purpose; then all of a sudden he
snatched the whip from Phelps' hand and
with great zeal applied it over his head
and shoulders, and finally compelled him
to get into tbe wagon and accompany
Kelly to the police station, where Phelps
was turned over to Humane Officer Clark.
Phelps admitted that he had done wrong,
and further stated that he was ashamed of
himself. Mr. Clark was so impressed with
Phelps' sincerity that he allowed him to
go, and soon after Kelly and Phelps drove
off together.
PASADENA'N BOGUS RARON.
He Play* Havoc With the Fair Bex and
. Hotel- Keepers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May B.—Pasa
dena has had an experience with a bogus
Baron, who filled several roles with about
equal grace and dignity. ; He was first the
son of a great' Prussian general."; His cheek
and pretensions gave . him passport into
the "bes t circles, and he made court to
- one .of Pasadena's handsomest young
adies, who, until ' his real . character was
suspected, gave the claimant to "high
}■ title" every encouragement, for this par
" ticular "Baron" not only sported i a legiti
mate- title, but was— in his mind,' at j least
—a man of prodigious wealth. :■ -';
But he was a bibulous "Baron," and had
the questionable habit of forgetting to pay.
his small bills, including : one for board
and lodging, to"his accommodating land
. lords. This was considered truly baronial,
but other things, did Pasadena's -Baron
which excited' grave doubt in the minds of
some of the peopla with whom he associ
ated regarding his title, and they wrote to
certain San Francisco people whose names
had l>een used by him, and the reply
was made that his name and title were
both unknown.
Then toe Baron changed the fiction he
related and told his intimates that he was
tbe chief of a great private detective
bureau maintained by the A. P. A. in San
Francisco and New York, his chieftain
ship being of the coast branch. He also
claimed to be a detective gathering evi
dence in the Ashley vs. Baldwin seduction
case at San Francisco, which is now in the
court and in which the Pasadena woman
is the plaintiff. He was not "working at
it," however, his principal occupations
being apparently to run up a big hotel bill
and pay frantic court to the young lady
who would not now accept his'suit.
Detective Goodwin put in an appearance
last Wendnesday evening at the hotel
where the Baron lodged and spent the
night there. This morning the Baron
came to this city and departed just in time
to avoid an explosion of parental wrath,
if not an expose of a past more or less
checkered career. The detectives refuse to
divulge his true name on account of his
highly honorable family in San Francisco.
GROUND BE NEATH A CAR.
Frightful Death of a Mexican Who Was
Hent on Murder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May B.— As a
northbound Pasadena electric-car was pro
ceeding rapidly along Buena Vista street
this evening two Mexicans, one pursued by
the other and each with a knife in his
hand, attempted to cross tbe street in
front of the car. The first one, Jose
Morales, succeeded, but the other, Salas
Garcia, was struck by the car, dragged 100
feet and literally ground to pieces. Tbe
car was derailed and traffic blocked for an
hour while tbe fragments of Garcia's body
were being got from underneath the trucks.
Morales, who started the fight by striking
Garcia and then retreating, has been ar
rested. Both men are from Cucomonga.
Garcia was forty years old and had a
family.
W. C. T. U. Election of Officers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May B.— The State
Convention of the W. C. T. U. of Southern
California, in session at Pomona, elected
the following officers for the ensning year:
Mrs. N. P. J. Button of Riverside was
chosen president; Mrs. Mary E. Garbutt
of Los Angeles, vice-president; Miss Ga
brilla T. Stickney of Lcs Angeles, corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. L. H. Mills of
Santa Ana, recording secretary, and Mrs.
S. W. Plimpton of Santa Barbara, treas
urer. Miss Stickney said it was not her
will to be corresponding secretary for an
other year, and that she had prayed long
and earnestly over her acceptance of the
office, and with tears in her t-yes and with
broken voice she asked the convention to
pray for her and her work in the next
year. Mrs. Brown offered prayer, and
when the State song was sung the conven
tion adjourned.
General Mansfield's Funeral.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May B.— The:f une
realof General John Mansfield, ex-Lieuten
ant Governor of California who died sud
denly Wednesday morning, tocfk place to
day from the family residence. Rev. B. W.
R. Taylor, rector of St. John's Episcopal
Church, conducted the services. A com
mittee of the Bar Association many
friends of the deceased soldier and states
man attended the obsequies. The pall
bearers were Hon. Walter Van Dyke,
Hon. R. M. Widney. Dr. W. W. Roes'. H.
T. Lee, S. B. Caswell, Colonel I. H. Mess
more, J. E. Plater and Professor E. T.
Pierce. The remains were taken to Rose
dale Cemetery for cremation in accordance
with his oft-expressed wish.
TRAGEDIES IN SAN JOSE,
Freeman Butts, Mistaken for a
Burglar, Receives a Death
Wound.
A Mexican Sends a Bullet Through
His Breast After Failing to Ki'l
His Mistress.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May B.— Freeman
Butts, a young man about 20 years of age,
was shot and perhaps fatally wounded by
Joseph Guinasso, in the Willows, about 12
o'clock last night. Some two weeks ago a
small house on the place was burglarized,
and since then Paul Guinasso, a son, has
been sleeping in the place, and, unknown
to Mr. Guinasso, young Butts has been oc
cupying the place with his son. About
midnight Guinasso was aroused by tbe
barking of his dogs and went into the
yard with a pistol-in his hand. He saw a
light in the house, and on looking through
the window saw a man who was not his
son in the place. He pusned open the
door and fired, and as the man fell he
recognized him as young Butts. Young
Guinasso had not yet got home, and Butts
was preparing to retire. The bullet pene
trated the right lung and lodged under the
shoulder. The chances of Butta' recovery
are slim. Guina*3o surrendered himself
at the jail, but was allowed to go.
SUICIDE OF A MEXICAN,
After Attempting to Kill His Mistress,
With Whom He Had Quarreled-
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 8.-Rey Arcia, a
Mexican about 40 years, committed sui
cide at Santa Clara last evening by shoot
ing himself in the right breast. For
several years he has been living with Mrs.
M. S. Rodriguez. Yesterday afternoon
they came to this city, and on their return
home had a row. He fired a shot at Mrs.
Rodriguez and missed her. She ran from
the house, and he followed her into the
yard. He snapped the trigger several
time 3, and placing the revolver against bis
breast, said: "Now I am going to die;
goodby." He pulled the trigger and fell,
expiring almost instantly. It is supposed
Arcia thought the weapon was unloaded,
and wa«. trying to scare Mrs. Rodriguez.
An inquest was held this morning, but
not tiing was developed leading to the cause
of the suicide.
TO FORECLOSE A MORTGAGE
Suit Involving a Portion of the San
Antonio Ranch.
BAN JOSE, Cat.., May B.— The German
Savings and Loan Society of San Fran
cisco to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against Anais Hale, administrator
of the estate of Joseph P. Hale, and other
heirs of the latter's estate, to foreclose a
$75,000 mortgage on 1850 acres of land
alons the San Antonio Creek, in this
county. The land is part of the San An
tonio rancho. The mortgage was given
to secure a note executed by the deceased
on May 12, 1891, for $75,000, bearing inter
est at 7>£ per cent per annum. Hale, who
was a han Francisco capitalist, died in
that city on April 13, 1893. The claim was
allowed by the Superior Court in San
Francisco on June 17, 1893, and a decree of
foreclosure and sale is asked.
liroidtword Contest at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May B.— ln the
broadsword contest to-night at Armory
Hall Baron Ivan Malchin, who recently
won tne world's championship from Cap
tain E. N. Jennings of this city, bested
Rudolph Orn by 11 to 5 out of a possible
21 points. _________^^___
Wfak I.rsos ari CBI-XI.LY Rackkd and the
general strcDKtli gradullay wusted by a persistent,
deep-seated Conga, which Dr. U. Jayne's Ex
pectorant may be relied on to cure. You will
derive certain benefit from it also If troubled
with either Asthma or Bronchitis.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
HANFORD'S GREAT
REVIVAL SEASON,
Remarkable Religious En
thusiasm Evoked by an
Evangelist.
MANY NEW CONVERTS.
Nearly One Hundred and Fifty
Immersed by the Rev. S.
M. Martin.
KINGS COUNTY INTERESTED.
Revival Services at the Christian
Church Reopened Last Night— A
Persuasive Preacher.
HANFORD, Cal., May B.— For seven
weefcs Hanford has been in the throes of
quite a remarkable religious revival, and
last night Revivalist S. M. Martin, at an ex
pense of $20 a lecture, began another sea
son of his meetings at the Christian church
in this city.
The Rev. Mr. Martin is advertised as
"One of the most successful evangelists in
America," and if his work in Hanford can
be taken as an indication of his persuasive
powers his t>ress agent has not availed
himself of even the usual license accorded
that profession. Heretofore Hanford has
never been famous for its religious zeal,
though the city has maintained its fair
quota of churches and preachers. But now
Hanford is stirred, and an extraordinary
interest, even among the non-church goers,
is manifested in these revival services at
the Christian church.
In manner and appearance Mr. Martin
is the typical revivalist. His face is clean
shaven and expressiveand his long black
hair adds streneth to it. His speech is
rather deliberate, but always earnest and
forcible and often quite eloquent. He has
made nearly 150 converts in this city
alone and added them all to membership
in the Christian Church. Such effective
work as this has attracted attention to him
from all over the country, and it is quite
likely that during the next few nights of
his labors here the list will be greatly in
creased. A full list of those who have re
cently joined tbe Christian cburch,
throueh the efforts of the Rev. Mr. Martin,
is as follows:
Miss C. E. Davles. I Clarence Frazier.
Miss Emma Thy&rki. Charley Ludlow.
Mrs. R. C. Itjen. John Douglass.
Miss Blanche Welborn. Mrs. Tnylor.
Miss Kate Lecgate. ;Mrs. Ida Fredericks.
Miss Cora Tydale. 'Miss Lillie Fredericks.
Mrs. ij. (jilli'and. :Miss Lucy Coats.
Mrs. Eliza Bay. ; Miss Len a Smith.
Miss Mamie Alexander. Miss Pearl Barnes.
B. F. Lane. Mrs. F. Height.
C. L. Green. Mrs. E. Russell.
n. W. Glascock. John Welborn.
E. N. 8001. William Wilhite.
>:,-- ( arrie Bay. Neal Coats.
Miss Delia McDonald. J. Fid.
Mrs. Fannie Lane. Miss Eva Guard.
Eawnrd Bryen. Mi--: Minnie Hinckle.
Mrs. Untte Gooch. Miss Maggie Sifers.
Pcotßloyd. Miss Etta Wedde«.
Miss Emma Welborn. F. H. Weddee.
Mrs. Kanawyer. Miss l-.na Frederick*.
Miss Ettte Kanawyer. -Miss Bertha Smith.
Mrs. Arvilla Wendling. Mrs. H. B. Estel.
Mrs. H. J. Welbbrn. E. W. Houston.
William Welborn. |H. H. Welbourns.
Miss Bertha Sweeney. 'Mrs. Lena Maddox.
Miss M. Welborn. H. B. Estel.
Mrs. Fid. Mrs. Linley.
Mr. Harris. ig. A. Fredericks.
Mrs. Stoddard. !Mrs. McGregory.
Mrs. W. A. White. iMrs. S. A/Fredericks.
Miss Carrie Gregory. |Ml*s McPnerson.
Mrs. Dickey. ICharles Wcscott.
Mrs. E. Turner. Millie Stoddard.
F. R. Dennison. Miss Rose Pemberson.
John B. Frenchaboit. Miss Lizzie Pemberson.
Dora Fish. Him Melia Pemberson.
Minnie Fry. Mrs. R. T. Allen.
Edna Woods. Miss Mattie Hodgea.
Amelia Coau. J. W. Sagaser.
Thomas Chambers. Eair Donohoe.
J..1. I>elk. Minnte Crawson.
Miss H. Pemherson. iSadie Viner.
HIM II anna Pemberson I Earl Booth.
B. Maddox. |John J. Hughes.
Mrs. T. J. Alcorn. lElmar Welborn.
C. W. Wallace. Iwestley Ellis.
J. G. Gregory. jCarrie Ellis.
C. W. Donohoe. J. R. Adanu.
Miss Perl Harris. Miss Mollie Hicks.
Mrs. Davis. Kate Nash.
Mrs. Chambers. Miss Dora Patterson.
Mrs. E. J. Stoddart J. M. Olden.
Mrs. U. S. Booth. Mrs. W. S. Brown.
Mary Tyndale. E. B. Glllelan.
Grace Sweeny. Mrs. C. W. Nicholson.
Mattie Sweeny. George Starkweather.
Alden Coats. E. E. Pemberton.
J. Douglass. Olof Marlstrom.
Frank Wood. John Russell.
Miss Alfrida Douf lass. Mrs. G. Spence.
Emhry Tyndale. IMaudßojndi.
L. W. Sweeny. Mr-. L. G. Bloyd.
Miss Connie Donohue. ,T. J. Welborn.
E.Tomer. O.R.Taylor.
J. Welborn. iGrace McCaslln.
Among this list are the names of many
who have heretofore been known as pro
aounced non-church goers, but now that
:hese and all the others have been im
mersed and become members of the Chris
tian church the people of Hanford are
wondering wbat will happen next.
Rev. Joseph S. Black, pastor of the
Christian church, is quite gratified at the
work done, and believes that Evangelist
Martin will toon increase the new mem
bership list to over 200. The trustees of
the church are Manford Ludlow, B. X.
Thornton, J. C. Rice and A. B. Cromwell.
The meeting to-night was exceptionally
well attended, and there is everything to
indicate that the interest of Hanford
people in the revival movement will not
soon die ont.
THRILLING AND SURLINE.
A Sea Captain Describes a Volcano on
the Bouth American Coast.
BEATTLE, Wash.. May B.— A volcano
near Hiio, on the South American coast, is
reported to be in active eruption by Cap
tain Birkholm of the American schooner
S. F. Redfleld. Upon her return trip from
Honolulu, whither she had taken a cargo
of lumber, the Redfield was headed toward
the South American coast, and she passed
within a few miles of the group of islands
where volcanic eruptions caused such ex
citement in 1889. Captain Birkholm says
he could plainly hear a subterranean
rumbling. The volcanic mountain is coni
cal in form, ana flames and smoke broke
forth from the very top, which is contrary
to former eruptions of this mountain.
"The sight was most thrilling and sub
lime," the captain said, "and the flames re
sembled a great bonfire lighting up the en
tire sky. While no lives were lost, the dis
turbance was a violent one. The last erup
tion of the mountain came from the side,
and in this instance thiough the openings
so formed great streams of lava flowed
down toward the beacn."
SEATTLE DIVORCE CASE.
Numerous Depositions Filed in Favor of
,Vr». Dnwton.
SEATTLE, Wash. , May B.— Some twenty
depositions and affidavits favorable to the
defendant, Mrs. Mamie C. Dawson, in the
Dawson divorce case, were procured by
her counsel, ex-Mayor J. T. Ronald, who
has just returned from San Francisco and
other California cities. They tend to show
that the conduct of Mrs. Dawson while
"doing" . the various flower festivals in
Southern California in 1894 was most ex
emplary; that she did not while in Los
Angeles drinjc with young men; as alleged,
but that on the contrary her escort was
Mr. Eckstrom, a prominent merchant of
that city and a strong Prohib'tionist. -
Los Angeles has contributed . another
deposition, wnich was filed in the Superior
Court to-day for plaintiff, : Dr. Dawson,
that of W. F. Barber Jr. of Chatsworth
Park. Affiant, in bis testimony so taken,
practically corroborates that of George
Kinsey and wife.
'.*"■'■ -■ m ' ■
ANOTHER TISALIA TRAGEDY.
Result of a Feud Between the San Tups
and See Tups.
VISALIA, Cal., May B.— How Yue was
mortally wounded with a pistol shot in
flicted by Chong Choak about 8 o'clock
this evening. As How Yue came out of the
Joss house he was met by several China
men. He claims that Cheonc John, alias
China Joe, passed a pistol to Chong Choak,
ordering him to Bhoot. The assailants
escaped.
How Yue is a nephew of the late Sue
Lung of the firm of Sue Cheong Lung
Company, the largest Chinese store here.
Last night the firm's store was set on tire,
but it was extinguished by the occupants.
How Yue belongs to the San Yups and
last year was arrested on a warrant sworn
out by a supposed member of the See Yups
charging him with murderine a China
man in Sacramento in 1891. At the pre
liminary examination there he was dis
charged. How Yue had a warrant issued
for the arrest of the prosecuting witness,
but the officers could not find him, and it
is thought that this was the motive for to
night's crime.
THE WEATERVILLE MURDER.
So New Developments in the Retrial of
Van Horn and Crow.
WEAVEKVILLE, Cal., May B.— The
second day of the retrial of Bayles Van
Horn and John Crow has been devoid of
ncident and to some extent reminds one
of the rehearsal of a play, simply covering
ground already gone over. The prosecu
tion are running their witnesses through
with great rapidity and have curtailed the
testimony of the witnesses introduced by
them at the former trial. For a time they
deviated from the beaten track, and it
looked as if something sensational was
going to happen when William Espey was
called to the stand and questioned re
garding his conversation with Joseph
Greeory, it evidently being the purpose of
the prosecution to endeavor to show a con
spiracy the result of which was Jack Li t
tleneld's death.
RETURNS FROM JUNEAU,
A Portland Man Says That
Everything Is Booming
Up There.
Didn't See a Beggar or Idle Man,
and Miners Are Making
$io a Day.
PORTLAND, Ob., May B.— C. S. Mc-
Duffee has just returned from a business
trip to Juneau, Alaska. He says things
up there are livelier than in the days of
'4t>. "It is all nonsense for people to say
that men are coming away from Alaska
because they can't find employment,"
said Mr. McDuffee. "I didn't see a beg
gar nor an idle man in all the time I was
there. Every boat brings great throngs of
men, who start for Circle City the next
day and spread about through the gold
fields. A laborer can get $10 a day for his
work when he gets up there, and there is
plenty of work for all who go. Juneau is
the liveliest city I ever saw. There are
about 2000 people and thirty-eight saloons.
Tne people— men, women and children —
sleep most of the day and sit up celebrat
ing almost ull night. All nationalities are
represented, and gambling-houses, dance
halls, etc., run in full blast. Every hotel
is packed as full as it will hold, and every
steamer that comes in is loaded to the
guards.
To get to the mines from Juneau takes
about six weeks. The inlet must be first
crossed to Dyea, about 100 miles. From
there there is a walk of forty miles across
the mountains to the headwaters of the
Yukon, dragging provisions and outfit on
sledges, either by band or with dogs.
Each party takes about six months or a
year's provisions, a sheetiron stove and a
whipsaw.
"When the Yukon is reached the whip
saw is brought into requisition. Trees are
felled and ripped up into rough lumber
and a boat is built. After that the trip is
an easy one, for all the party has to do is
to get into the boat and float down the
Yukon to the gold fields.
"The Northwest Trading Company has
a steamer up there, with which it expects
to take people around the Aleutian penin
sula and thus into the mouth of the
Yukon; but the steamer, the S. S. Weir,
is frozen in the ice near the mouth of the
river, and it is a question whether they
will ever get her out. Tho people are
pouring into Juneau from all directions,
nut there seems to be no danger of over
crowding. The only mistake people make
is to go up without an outiit, and unless
they have one they cannot possibly get
across the mountains to the Yukon."
JACK, THE STRAGGLER.
Waives Preliminary Examination and Is
Commuted to Jail.
PORTLAND, Ob., May B.— John R. Cos
grove, the thug, who attempted to strangle
to death Marie Levillie, a French courte
san, on tbe night of April 28, declined a
preliminary examination in the Municipal
Court and has been committed to the
County Jail pending the action of tne
Grand Jury. The detectives say that Cos
grove has the most forbidding eyes they
ever gazed into. Tbe longer one looks
into them the more proof they furnish of
the p ossePEor's nature.
Detective Welsh remarked that were
Cosgrove half as cood a man physically as
himself he would no take chances of going
anywhere with him in a friendly way
even, as he believes the fellow to have as
much a mania for murder as had the mon
ster Holmes, who yesterday was hanged
in Philadelphia.
"This fellow," said Mr. Welsh, "comes
nearer being the San Francisco strangler
than any man yet arrested down there for
the tenderloin district murders. His
photographs will be finished to-day, and
early next weak we shall hear whether or
not he has been identified by the tian
Francisco detectives.
"Beyond his confession to having at
tempted to strangle the French woman,
merely to observe her dyinz struggles, and
to see how she would appear after death,
Cosgrove will not talk much. Buthe seems
to gloat over his morbid fancy, and he is
not a bit insane either. He did pay,
though, on being hard pushed that during
tho past few months he has been in San
Francisco and on the sound."
This forenoon Chief Minto received a
telephone message from Dr. Wall at Van
couver, Wash., informing him that a little
over a month ago he caused Cosgrove's
confinement in the Steijacoom asylum to
t prevent bim from committing just such a
crime for which he is now under arrest.
He remained in tbe asylum less than four
weeks and must have come here at once
to commit murder. Cosgrove was not
very well known in Vancouver, but Dr.
Wall believes him to be a strangling mono
maniac This fact strenethens the im
-1 pression of the police that he is the man
wanted in San Francisco.
MADERA ESCAPES
ELUDE PURSUERS,
Tracked by the Officers to
a Point on the Fresno
River.
THE BUCKBOARD FOUND.
A Breakdown Compels the Out-
Jaws to Resort to Horse
back Riding.
BLOODHOUNDS FOR THE CHASE.
Trained Animals From Missouri Are
Expscted to Run Down the
Fugitives.
MADERA, Cal., May B.— William Lave
rone and Jack Roberts have not been cap
tured yet, and everything seems to indi
cate that they do not intend to be until
they have exhausted all avenues of escape.
The officers succeeded in tracking tbem
north across Fresno River and then east,
where they drove into and up the stream
for some distance, driving out of the river
on the south side and taking tbe old Dust
heimer road which leads to Bates, the
place in which they were first captured.
About thirteen miles from town the offi
cers found the buckboard in which the
outlaws had been making their escape,
•.vbere it had been broken down and they
had been compelled to abandon it.
The buckboard had been left in the mid
dle of the road with the harness and the
prisoners had then resorted to riding
horseback. The officers thought the horse
had been undoubtedly run all the way,
and if the chase was kept up they would
at last wear him out and compel tbem to
take to their feet.
Deputy Sheriff Timmins brought up
some bloodhounds yesterday afternoon
from Fresno to join in the hunt, and, if a
trail is found, the dogs will be scented, and
in this manner it is hoped they wiU be
able to locate the outlaws.
The bloodhounds have been imported
from Missouri, and have been in Fresno
something over a year, where they have
been in training. They have shown them
selves to be able to do some clever trailing,
but this will be their first experience in
trailing outlaws, and they will be given a
chance to show what they can do in a
practical manner. Timmins and his party
started out last night, and they expect the
hunt to begin in earnest to-day, when
Sheriff Westfall will be relieved. When
last heard of Westfall was about four hours
behind on tbe trail, and it is not unlikely
that he has overtaken his men by this
time. __ _____^____^_
CHAMPION TARGET SHOT,
Fred Gilbert Wins the Honors
at the Clay-Pigeon Tour
nament.
Captures a Valuable Trophy in Ad
dition to Rich Stakes in
Money.
GUTTENBURG, N. J., May 8. — Fred
Gilbert of Spirit Lake, lowa, won the title
of "champion target shot of America" at j
the initial clay pigeon champion tourna
ment which was concluded here this after
noon. Gilbert broke 266 out of a possible
300 "flying" targets, defeating E. D. Ful
ford of Utica, N. V., and J. A. R. Elliott
of Kansas City, who tied for second place j
with 261 birds each. Roilo Heikes of Day
ton, Ohio, finished fourth with a total of
258 broken.
The final struggle was very close, with
two events to decide the winner. The
score read: Fulford 228, Gilbert 227, Elliott
225 and Heikes 224.
The Kansas City man had the worst
luck in the semi-final event and only
scored 18 out of a possible 25. Gilbert
broke 22, Heikes 21 and Fulford 20. The
score was tnen: Gilbert 249, Fulford 248,
Heikes 245 and Elliott 243.
For the first few pairs in the deciding
event the issue was still in doubt. Elliott
was shooting doubles in great form, but
his low record in the expert rule left him
practically out of the race. Gilbert quickly
drew away from Fulford and Heikes,
killing 17 pairs to their 13, and won the
championship amid great applause.
Captain A. W. Money, one of the pro
moters of the tournament, made a short
speech, and presented Gilbert with the
championship cup. The trophy is a hand
some silver cup valued at $300, and will be
held subject to challenge at due notice.
The winner is a well-known live-bird shot
in the West. He won the Dupont cup at
the big shoot at Baltimore last October.
In addition to the title and trophy Gilbert
won about $500 at the tournament, and
had the best general average— 643— on the
four days' shoot. Fulford's average of 636
was second best, and Elliott came next
with 624. Heikes was close on with a gen
eral average of 620.
BAD FOR THE FAVORITES.
Bookies Win Heavily on the Eastern
Tracks.
CHICAGO, 111., May B.— The struggle
of the day at Sheffield came np in the last
racp, in which Dago and Belvour contested
a head and head finish, Dago winning out
by a nose. Sammie Young at 3to 1 was
the only favorite to land a race.
Six furlongs, George B. Swift won, Denlzette
second. Warren Point third. Time, 1:16 V.
Seven furlong*, Sammie Young won, Terra
Archer second, Waterman third. Time, I:3o*^.
Six furlongs, Frankie D won, The Rook sec
ond, Longdale third. Time, 1:16 U.
One mile. Evanatus won. Red rikia second,
Orinda third. Time, 1:43^.
Five furlongs, Floreanna won, Tramp second
Loretu third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs, Dago won, Belvour second.
Merry Monarch third. Time,l:l49£.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May B.— Five well
contested and excitinz races were run to
day, two of which were very much on the
"dump" order. Only two favorites won,
and the books got their first win of the
meeting. There was a splendid crowd in
attendance. Weather warm and bright
and track fast.
Seven furlongs, Souffle won, Penury second.
First Mate third. Time, 1 :28.
Five furlongs, Burlesque won, White Frost
second, Ahsassin third, lime, 1:02%.
One mile and filty yards, Judith won, Lester
second, Frotful third. Time, 1:47.
The maiden stakes, six and a half furlongs,
Aimee wou, Bonnie Dundee second, Leouaise
tnird. Time, I:22}£.
Four furlongs. Stentor won, Ethel Lee iec
ond. Chappie third. Time, :43&.
AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK, L. L, May
B.— At the track to-day the air was clear
and the wind bracing, and the large crowd
present kept moving around to keep warm.
Three favorites won.
Five and a half furlongs, Tenderness won,
The Native second, Crimea third. Time, I :O9J^.
Five and a half furlongs, Balmaghie won,
Royal H second, Lady Greenway third. Time,
1:10^.
Hall a mile, two-year-olds, Second Chance
won, Elmont second, Whistling Tom third.
Time, :52.
One mile. Copyright won. Watchman second,
Dreibund third. Time, I :43J^.
Four furlongs, Arthur X won, Contractor
second, Sir Moltke third. Time, :51.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Louisville Shut Out in the Game With
the ttostons.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May B.— Louisville
was shut out to-day by Boston through
Stivett's magnificent pitching. Attend
ance 300. Score :
Louisville*. .000000000—0 4 2
Bostons. .01200013*- 7 7 0
Batteries— Smith and Warner; Btlvett» and
Oanzel. Umpire— Koefe.
CHICAGO, 111., May B.— Captain Nasn
will protest the game to-day between the
Phillies and the Colts, in which the latter
got the decision by a score of sto 3. The
trouble happened in the first half of the
ninth inning. Thompson hit safely and
Cross went to first on an error by Daheln.
Nash had three balls and two strikes called
on him. He started to wrangle with the
umpire and Griffith pitched a ball over the
plate, it struck Nash a bat and rolled
into fair ground in front of the plate.
Kittredge threw to Everett and a double
play was completed on Nash at first base.
He claims he was not standing. in the bat
ter's box when the ball was delivered, but
the umpire decided otherwise. Griffith
pitched a star game. Score:
Chicago*. 00000320*- 5 8 8
Philadelpblaa 010000200— 3 6 2
Batteries— Griffith, Donohue and KHtrtdge; Mc-
GIII and Boyle. Umpire — Weidman.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May B.—Hard
hitting by Cleveland assisted by two errors
and a base on balls gave the home club a
lead in the third inning. A similar combi
nation in the seventh clinched the game.
Attendance 1200. Score:
(Hevelanda 00 60 1140*— 11 13 1
Brooklyns 20100 00 0 o—3 6 4
Batteries — Wilson and Zlmiuer; Abbey, Ken
nedy and Grim. Umpire — Hurst.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May B.— Donahue's
wild ness and errors by Cross and Parrott
enabled the New Yorks to win. Attend
ance 1000. Score :
8L Lonis 000000200—2 6 2
New Yorks. 0 200 80 00 o—6 6 1
Batteries— Donahue and Cross; Clarke and Wil
son. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 8. — German
tried to pitch for Washington to-day, but
mode a dismal failure. He tilled tbe bases
in the first inning and then forced in two
runs, giving way to Boyd with tha bases
full. The Senators did poor work in this
inning, 'and Pittsburg secured enough runs
to win the game. Attendance 2400. Score :
Pittaburgs 7 1000216 •— l6 12 0
Washinnons 01000 103 0— 6 8 6
Batteries— Hughey and Merrltt; German, Boyd
and McGulre. Umpire— Lynch.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May B.— Arlington
Pond, who has won two games out of
three for Baltimore this season, was
knocked out of the box in the fourth
inning to-day. "Red" Ehret was in good
form and had perfect support. Attend
ance 3000. Score :
einclnnatls 210310 2 0 o—9 12 0
Baltimore* 0300 20 0 0 o—6 9 6
Batteries— Ehret and Pletz; Pond, Clarkson
and Clarke. Umpire — Ems'ie.
Racing at Ktmpton Park.
LONDON, Esq., May B.— The Kempton
Park spring meeting opened to-day. The
Hanworth Park welter of 200 sovereigns,
Jubilee course, one mile, was won by
Leopold de Rotscbild's Moor. Mr. Beau
champ's Marton was second, and C. Mor
bey's unnamed colt third.
The Royal two-year-old plate of 3000
sovereigns, five furlongs, on the straight
course, was won by Fairlie's Eager, Lord
Rosebery's Chelandery second and the
Duke of Portland's Lady Frivoles third.
The Fulwell plate of 105 sovereigns, six
furlongs, was won by Blanc Mange, Maffio
second and Full of Fashion third.
Diddlebock Suspended.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May B.— Manager
Harry Diddlebock of the St. Louis Browns
was suspended this morning. - It is al
leged that he won considerable money on
the races Thursday and began celebrating:.
He did not show up this morning, and it
is said Ar tie Latham will take his place.
» * — .
Pool Championship Games.
PITTSBURa, Pa., May B.— The second
night's play in the championship pool
match resulted in a score of 177 for Clear
water and 205 for De Oro, making Clear
water's total to date 330 and De Oro's 411.
MONTEREY TO CELEBRATE
Semi-Centennial Jubilee of the
American Occupation of
California.
Military and Naval Demonstration
Such as the Coast Never Saw
Before Is Promised.
MONTEREY, Cal., May B.— The execu
tive committee of the Society for the Semi
centennial Celebration of the American
Occupation of California has issued the
following circular: .
We are preparing to celebrate In Monterey
what is virtually the founding of one of the
great empires of modern times — the Pacific
States of the American Union. England bad
her jubilee when Victoria celebrated the
fiftieth year of her accession to the throne;
Italy hers in the fiftieth year of the pontificate
of Pio Nono.
California, this year of her jubilee, com
memorates a fact of much greater importance
and significance. We are la communication
with our National authorities in regard to the
grandest military and naval pageant thi3
coast has yet witnessed, on sea and shore of
Monterey Bay on the 6ll» and 7th of July next.
We also expect such a civic demonstration as
shall be somewhat commensurate with the
greatness of the event celebrated— the Ameri
can occupation of California.
The anniversary of the first raising of the old
flag of the Union over thU State should assur
edly inspire the most ardent feelings in the
hearts of all Cahfornians. We ask all to unite
with us, responsive to the old motto, ' United
we stand,'' and make this a grand occasion
worthy to be remembered eternally in our an
nals. We want such cordial help and assist
ance as shall make the occasion monumental
as our stamp and seal that we approve and
appreciate the work of our own hands in build
ingr up this glorioua Western addition to the
American Union.
We think that California can afford to spend
a day or two in admiring herself, in jubilee
and jubilation and jollity. To this end we
want to make our celebration as free as possi
ble to all comers. We are not aiming at any
catch-penny carnival or flower nests.
Monterey is the place where the events
transDired; Monterey is therefore the place
chosen for their commemoration. The occa
sion is really National. What Nation might
not justly pride itself on such a magnificent
Western addition? What Nation would not
jubilate over such an event ?
But Monterey is poor. Millionaires are not
so thick as mushrooms here. We ask. then,
Borue of those who have ncquireel wealth in
this State to give freely of their abundance
that their less Tuvored neighbors may have a
jolly time and a lifelong memory of a delight
ful California jubilee.
ContriDutions will be gladly acknowledged,
carefully disbursed and faithfullr accounted
for, and may be sent to tne Bank oi Monterey.
In her corporate capacity Monterey has
nobly seconded the labors of the local com
mittee, the Veterans of the Mexican War, tbe
Sloat Monument Association, the pioneers and
other bodies engaged in this patriotic move
ment by unanimously voting the sum of $500
from the municipal treasuey toward defraying
the expenses requisite to make everything
free to our visitors during jubilee week.
May we not ask the great dailies of the me
tropolis to co-operate witn us by giving space
in their columns for the publication of this
letter that all the world may Know wbat we
are dolne and propose to do T For the axeou
tive committee:
T. J. Fieid, President,
S. J. Duckworth, Secretary,
Edward Berwick, General Manager.
Kid on the Warpath.
TOMBSTONE.Abiz., May B.— The "Kid"
and his band of murderous Apaches are
again on the warpath, three of the best
known citizens of this county having been
killed by them a few days ago, close to the
Mexican line.
They are F. 8. Reid, a cattle-raiser of
prominence in tha Territory, who has re
sided for years on Cave Creek, a;jed 65
years, and Gus Wisner, foreman for Reid.
Another victim was one of the Hand
boys, a brother of the young man wfco was
so brutally murdered and mutilated by
the redskins a month or so ago.
yaw to-pat.
f
How Different
Men Are To-Day,
In the olden times, so twe
are told, men spent most of
their time fighting for coun-
try or for love of the primi-
tive maid, whose beauty was
of that womanly • sort which
inspired in the heart of her
manly lover such a passion
that he thought it a pleasure
to die for her.
In those days men were
not faint-hearted nor weak-
nerved. ....
They did not know of the
ruinous habits which are re-
sponsible for our weak, de-
bilitated men of to-day—
habits which drain from the
body ' all the energy, ambi-
tion and courage of manhood;
Excesses, dissipations,
youthful folly — all tend to
wear - out manhood* .Being
contrary to the laws of na-
ture, they sap the very foun-
dation, the r heart of manly ,
vigor, . and leave only the
shell, the nerveless, empty
frame — empty of the life' and
energy of manhood. v
'I would give all I possess
in this world to be able to
live my life for the ' past ten
years over again," wrote a
correspondent to Dr. Sanden
recently. He expresses the
feelings of many sufferers
who come to Dr. Sanden for
aid. And do they come in
vain? '. ') V
■. "I owe my very existence
to your wonderful belt," says
J. W. Nunes, Nile's, Ala-
meda County, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
aids weak men by giving
them new vital power. Elec-
tricity soaking into the
nerves for three to six hours
every day or night nils them
with vitality and . restores
manhood.
"Your Electric Belt cured
me of Seminal Weakness two
years ago, and I am still
praising it," J. M. Hubbard,
Westminster, Orange Conn-
ty, Cal. V \ X '
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
is the only one made that is
suited to the treatment of
weak men. It is applied in
a special manner for this spe-
cial trouble, and it gives an
energy to the weak parts
within a few days, j It always
causes a permanent restora-
tion of vital power in three
months. 7 . . ~ ...
If you are /weak send for
Dr. Sanders book, "Three
Classes of Men, "free, sealed,
without marks. . Consulta-
tion free. /
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco, :•,-..
Opposite Palace H&el. 1 Office hours; 8 a. *l to
8:30 P. M.- Kundavi. 10 to 1.
-■■'■■ OKFiCKS AT:
LOB ANGELES. JCAI*. I PORTLAND, 08.,
204 Bont.li Broa<fv»y. | 233 Washington streak.
€D7wEV&CO"fB^i
PATENTS 4 j)
NOtARY PUBLIC.
/^HAKIjES H. : PHUiLTPg. ATTftWNr-i!<v »•».FATHER YORKE ON
THE CONVENTION,
The Lecturer Talks Strongly
About the Sacramento
Work.
ATTACK ON THE A. P. A.
Assertions Made at the Woman's
Congress Taken Up for
Discussion.
A GKEAT AUDIENCE ADDRESSED
if
Fourth Lecture at Metropolitan Tern-
pie for the Women's Liberal
Lcgue.
»er. Peter C. Yorke appeared before an
mher immense audience at Metropolitan
Temple last night to deliver his fourth
lecture in the course on civil and religious
freedom. The lecture was under the aus
pices of the American Women's Liberal
League.
The subject which had been announced
was "Day-springs From on high."
Before 8 o'clock all the seats on the main
floor had be«n reserved and every seat in
the great gallery was occupied. Men
crowded into every bit of the available
standine-room, and it was necessary at tue
door to stop the sale of tickets and to turn
people away. So great has been the de
- mand for seats at these lectures that al
ready there is talk of having the course re
peated either in this City or Oakland for
the benefit of those who have been unable
to gain admission.
On the platform in Metropolitan Temple
last night United States Hags were draped
•t the sides of the organ snn over the
front of the lecturer's stand. The organ
was decorated with flowers, and across the
front of it was suspended in red and gilt
letters the name:
: AMERICAN WOMEN'S LIBERAL LEAGUE:
It was 8 :20 o'clock before the big audience
was finally settled in th« seats and about
the aisles. Then the chairmen the platform
were taken by priests and prominent lay
men. Hearty and long-continued applause
marked the arrival of Father Yorke.
Mrs. Thomas H. Griffin sang a contralto
solo and Miss Fannie Ryan sang the
"Nightingale Song."
Frank McGlynn, a nephew of Rev. Dr.
McGlynn of New York, presided. He
spoke of the American Women's Liberal
League, stating that it was composed of
women of all creeds and that its object
was to fight against an evil which has be
come deeply rooted in tnis City. The
league, as be stated, stands for tbe home.
The speaker expressed belief that in this
country there is no need of making laws
to guarantee freedom of religion, which
freedom he declared to be the very spirit
of the American Nation. He continued:
"Yet we cannot close our eyes to the
fact that there is in this country an organ
ization which is contrary to the American
spirit. There has been brought into this
country a horrible thing, formed in igno
rance and bigotry — a cancerous growth —
which has demanded our efforts in com
batting it.
"But a man always arises to every need.
We have on this coast a champion who is
second to none." Then amid an uproar of
applause he introduced the lecturer.
Father Yorke began in a humorous way
and for several minutes he kept the audi
dience in laughter. He said:
"Ladies and gentlemen: Only that I
am used to this, I would think that I was
before the convention at Sacramento, a
eugar-coated delegate for St. Louis.
"In my lecture to-night I have only two
preludes. One relates to the Women's
Congress, of which I speak with the deep
est reverence.
"At the congress it was stated that at
an ecclesiastical convention in the Middle
Ages it was decided that women had souls,
but that their souls were of a very inferior
class.
"Now that is an old gap. It is like the
Jesuit oath in Dr. Wendte's quotations.
We hare been told that, in convention as
sembled, a lot of old monks, who had some
strange aversion to their mothers, de
clared that women could not enter the
' kingdom of heaven.
"I am sorry that any member of the
Women's Congress sliould be deceived into
repeating such a silly tale. They should
not forget that it was the Catholic church
that lifted woman out of the darkness in
which paganism had placed her.
•'The other prelude I don't care to say
much about. But at Sacramento we have
had the spectacle of one of our great po
litical parties in convention with a hide
ous organization, crawling out of its cata
combs, to attempt to gain control. We
have had the spectacle of Benjamin Hud
elson, clad in his yellow jacket and pea
cock feathers, sitting before that conven
tion and attempting to dictate its policy.
"It is not my place now to tell him a
man now a delegate went to that Hudel
son and said that if he was not elected a
delegate he would tell all about the organ
ization. And the man was elected. But
as sure as there is truth in heaven, these
things will be known. It is a disgrace to
tiie Republican party that this could have
been.
"They put in the platform a plank re
garding sectar.an schools, when they
knew that no appropriation has been re
ceived by a sectarian school in this State
for thirty years. They put m a plank
about what could not be accomplished,
and they said nothing about religious
liberty which was n danger.
"I say it is a shame that these men in
tbe convention should not have stood up
for the flae whose fteedom they enjoy."
Father Yorke tooK up the evening's lec
ture at this point and after briefly review
ing the subjects of tbe previous discourses
be said :
"It is usually said, Udies and gentlemen,
particularly when it U to the interest of
preachers to pitch intothe Po'pe, that all
religious freedom camawith the Reforma
tion; that before the Reformation any man
who attempted to f-xpre»san opinion of his
own about religion woild be cast into
prison or have hi? head Cit off.
"It is a familiar old tiage that 'Those
who live in glass house; mustn't throw
stones' ; and if we look through the history
of Protestantism we will tud that it has a
long record of intolerance and persecu
tion."
Quotations from Hallam and others were
repeated, and then the priest continued:
"I say, as I have said before, that I tind
no pleasure in retailing the misdeeds of
the fathers of the Protestants, but I wish
to show that if we are to be judged by
what our ancestors did, there is nothing
more against us than can ,be charged
against the Protestants."
Father Yorke took up the early history
of the Protestant church in England, be
ginning witii the time when '"the light of
the Gospel," as he remarked, "was seen
in Anne Boleyn'g eyes."
"Now, the Scotch," he continued, "have
a way of doing things thoroughly. When
they abolished the Pope they also abol
ished the Bishops, and priests also. Only
one thing was more hated by the Scotch
than the Catholic Pope and clergy. That
on* thing was the English Bishop. When
they first saw the Bishop who was placed
over them they did not like him. And it
Is recorded that one womau arose from
her seat — they had no pews in those days,
and each person carried a stool. This
woman arose and took the stool by one
leg, aimed it at the Bishop and — missed
him."
The narration of this incident was re
ceived with laughter. Serious extracts
from the English historians were next
read to show the Catholics were perse
cuted in Great Britain. "And yet," the
lecturer added, "people with the taint of
these outrages fresh upon their characters
come here to say hon* the institutions of
this country shall ne run."
"What Protestantism Did for Ireland"
wa« the subject of another branch of the
lecture.
"One class of Catholics is singled out for
reprobation. We who are thus singled
out even from our fellow Catholics rejoice
in the term of our disapprobation and we
are glad to be called 'the Pope's Irish. 1
"Tne people who have wronged the
Irish, and who hate them because they
have wronged them, and for no other rea
son, are not content with what they have
done at home, but have crossed the sea
with their hate. Aud we believe that the
organization which is now exercising its
hatred against the Irish Catholics is sent
out from England. There is no action
taken against the German Catholics.
Italians are told that the only., object of
the organization is to fight the Irish. Over
in Alameda County the organization gets
very effectively the Portuguese vote, and
it tells the native California Catholics of
the south that it loves them like brothers."
Telling the story of the treaty of Lim
erick and the Parliament violations of it,
the lecturer said: "Remember that the
people who composed that Parliament are
tbe ancestors of the A. P. A.
"The A. P. A. has not yet come to the
point at which they want to prevent the
Catholins from voting. It does not care
how much they vote, so long as they have
only Protestants to vote for."
The persecution of priests was made the
subject of a powerful and vivid picture of
life on the Irish moors, when £5 was the
reward for the bead of a prießt, and £5 was
likewise tbe reward for the head of a wolf.
Following put that line of the discourse,
Father Yorke stated that it was made a
matter of outlawry for any man to send
his son or daughter out of the country to
be educated. Tbe hedge schoolmaster aid
bis work in secret, and in spite of the
power of the British Government he
taught the children to read. Sometimes
the children went to the graveyards to
learn their letters from the headstone;.
Their only path to education was over the
graves of their sires.
"Education was not stamped out by the
Orange A. P. A.
"And yet, in spite of this awful record,
the people whose ancestors were responsi
ble for all this dare to come and taunt the
Irish people for their ignorance."
The lecturer s«id that he would not at
tempt to place responsibility on the de
scendants of those w:o carried on the old
time persecution. To trace back far
enough would show that all our ancestors,
perhaps, were either cannibals or pirates,
but that should not make all people ene
mies. But if the question of ancient intol
erance is to be raissd at all it will be found
that the intolerance or the persecution was
not all on the part of Catholics.
Father Yonce stated that in tbe contest
between Catholics and Protestants, wher
ever the Jews appeared the Jews appeared
to get the worst of it. He compared that to
the case of the person who interfered in the
quarrels of man and wife. He quoted
from a life of Martin Lmher an extract
severe upon the Jews, that the books of the
latter, and even the Old Testament should
be taken away and that rabbis should be
compelled to work for a living. In com
parison to that he read from an editorial
in The Call of April 6, 1894, which edito
rial in reviewing Graetz's "History of the
Jews" said:
Not the least interesting chapter in the story
is the one which relates to the experience of
the Jews at Rome. When all Europe was hunt
ing down the chiluren of Israel they found a
safe retreat under the shadow of the Vatican.
Other potentates connived at persecution or
nMjja BOUT one in four is
,raß|£& the ratio of people who
tM now a parsaparilla
" «f? medicine that is sarsa-
P ar^' a an< i not iodide
J^^^^BBjm&Ja of potassium, the others
B do not now until they
Mm aB& Bee great big boils on
**^ at ™ their face and hands. It
is then a realizing sense is reached that the
remedy contained something other than
sarsaparilla'. Now, when you take
Joy's Vegetable . Sarsaparilla you will
be sure it is sarsaparilla :. from the
fact - that it tastes like , sarsaparilla,
smells like sarsaparilla and works like
sarsaparilla. The bowels, the liver, the Sid-
neys and stomach are put in motion, and
good motion, and you soon begin to have
good blood, good digestion, good appetite
and a fine constitution. .- Be sure you take
no substitute for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
instigated it, but the Popes, without exception,
spread their shields over the proscribed race
and stood its friends when it had no other
friends anywhere.
Persecution in America was touched
upon briefly, among the Puritans and
others, and the lecturer declared that in
the early days of the country religious
freedom for every body could be found only
in Maryland. Cotton Mather in Massa
chusetts declared that tie doctrine of tole
ration was a doctrine of the dcvil — while
in Maryland the, Jesuits declared the prin
ciple of "Live and let live."
Sinbad the Sailor was brought Into the
lecture, with the story of the man who
was carried across the river on the shoul
ders of another, and who then would not
get off. "He had a good place," said the
lecturer, "and he concluded to stick to it.
'Twould take more than four members of
the Board of Health to remove him."
This caused three long waves of laugh
ter to roll over the audience. Father
Yorke used the story to illustrate the
statement that saddled on several of the
denominations are men who cannot be
got rid of. He alluded in a jocular manner
to the "Very Rev. Dr. Dille." the "Most
Rev. Dr. Hirst," "Dr. Goodwin, who has a
score to pay to Rabbi Voorsonger," and to
Dr. Bovard.
Thomas Jefferson was the author of the
Declaration of Independence, Father
Yorke recited, but on bis tomb, at Jeffer
son's own request, is merely the inscrip
tion that "He was the author of religious
freedom in Virginia. 1 ' That honor was
regarded by Jefferson as the highest.
The lecture was concluded with a glow
ing prophecy of religious freedom in the
future.
The Final Lecture.
Next Thursday evening the fifth and
last lecture of the course will be delivered
by Father Yorke. The subject announced
is "The Noontide of Freedom."
TWO BISHOPS PRESENT.
Woman's Auxiliary Board Listens to
Bishops Johnson and Nichols.
The annual session of the Woman's
Auxiliary of the Board of Missions of Cali
fornia was opened at St. Luke's Episcopal
Church yesterday morning by the celebra
tion of the holy communion by Bishop
Nichols.
It was followed by an address by Bishop
Johnson of Los Angeles. The Bishop
marshaled a great array of facts in rela
tion to the United States, especially the
West — its marvelous resources, its varied
population, its riches, its prospects and
the importance of winning the people of
America to Christ.
The afternoon session was opened with |
an address by Bishop Nichols.
This was followed with an animated
speech by Miss Jarvis, secretary of the
Woman's Auxiliary Board of Connecticut.
Speaking of missionary life among tbe
Indians of the Middle West, she said that
it was like a step into paradise to find
one's self in California among the roses
and the evergreens.
"They tell me," she said, "that there is
a rock somewhere on this coast where the
waves of two opposing currents of the sea
meet and are dashed high in tbe air. It
seems to me that tbis repVe.»ents the situa
tion of your beautiful State. You gaze
xoward the Orient, and behold the waves
of darkness sweeping over those benighted
lands; tben you turn and gaze in the other
direction where the same condition pre
vails in many place?."
After a description and comparison of
the Woman's Auxiliary Boards of Con
necticut and California, and some friendly
words of advice, she spoke again concern
ing the Golden State.
"It is impossible to describe the sensa
tions of one coming to tbis State for the
first time," she said. "However, there is
just one faint simile I wish to leave with
you. It is in regard to the beauty of your
flowers and the shells along the shore.
They seem to me to be the color of heaven
itself, and surely will be found upon the
throne."
The secretary, Mrs. A. W. Lawyer, pave
her annual report, followed by the reports
of the secretary of tbe Junior Board and
of the Press Club Auxiliary.
A new constitution was adopted, as be
ing better suited to the body in its en
larged state.
St. Luke's Church, and especially the
choir, was tendered a vote of thanks for its
kindness and hospitality, and the board
adjourned.
■ WWWVi _ J ,, WJW< , NEW TO-PAY.
<jl TIIFOnAU
* A - A <_• 638 MARKET STREET HI A . A ' \i' • *
At Auction b,.^.,.,,. At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
-+41+41+41+^
Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets. v
i : i ~ '" : ' ~^
NATOMA STREET. i
" 10 ° ' 25 25~25~ WO " « 137:6 ~ ; .137:6 17 ~
» 6 15 Si * . : ■ J_ n
.g, ,6'''—lB 17 16 . iT~ gj |— ■ - 16 ~~~ ~~~~^~~~
g 6 18 17 16 14 « ! " 5
i , ' ~ "a so 13 s ! : ' 8 ■
i i U_J_ 5 i « 7] «1 10 ° v s
9^ ■ 1— 7& - 0 — — i S S i . '8 910 " v■.; „■ i
P o ..*- . • 10 o H : 1 '- "-; '-■.■ , _ : °» t*
*" I"" P-glyl . 100 «l ;" 3 X 15 26 25 U | *
"" ' ' '~ ' ' ' — ■■ . CO
HOWARD STREET.
26 I 25 25 25 25 32:6 — — : — ■■-_'- : —
•* 6 5 4 3 2 1^ £ L
* - 8 - si I n^^* r
-i s 'i ■*
■ ■ • .- J ft)' . .■ . ....
Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property.
This property Is located In the present growing business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section. '"
Business men, capitalists, Investors and speculators should examine this property, for It certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for. one and all to obtain a larg-i percentum on the capital they may invest. .'C
1 TERMS— One-fourth cash, balance In 1, 2 and 3 years. Interest 7 per cent per annum.
N. B.— California Title Insurance and Trust Company willl issue a certificate of title to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot lot. /
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
, 638 market street, * _t^_B_^___B_________|
TWO BROKERS
WHO FAILED,
Edgar L. Atkinson and
Charles P. Harris Were
Pinched.
THEY WERE TOO SHORT.
A Crowd of Irate Women Waited
With Hat Pins and Pav
ing Stones.
WORTHLESS CHECKS GIVEN OUT
An Unexpected Rise of a Dollar or
Two Threw the Shorts Into
Consternation.
A group of a dozen excited women held
an indignation meeting in front of Charles
P. Harris' stockbroking office, 318 Pine
street, yesterday afternoon. These women
were poorly dressed and evidently had
worked long and hard for the money which
they had sunk in the shafts, drifts and
tunnels in the Comstock mines. They
had put up margin after margin for
months, and now that the market had
boomed between $1 and $2 a share and
they had an opportunity of doubling their
money, they found this notice on Mr.
Harris' door:
; "Owing to anticipated money not \
: having been received, th it office is cloned :
'. pending investigations of accounts. '.
'. Address all communications to 11. C. '.
'. Firebaugh, S£s Montgomery.
I "A meeting of those interested will '.
; be ht ld Saturday, May 9, at 1 o'clock, \
: at the office of U. C. Firebaugh."
It was fortunate for Mr. Harris that he
had gone home to be out of hearing not
only of the shouting and wrangling brok
ers in the bullpit, but of the shrill impre
cations of a bloodthirsty mob of women
who had became his clients and had lost
their money.
Young Edgar L. Atkinson also went
home early. There was a crowd of irate
women in front of his door also. They
shooK their fists at the windows. Some
of them tucked up their sleeves and spat
on their hands. One woman was observed
to take a silver dagger out of her back hair
and hide it in her right sleeve. Another
picked up a granite paving block, weigh
ing about ten pounds, and tucked it under
her cape.
They were waiting to ask Mr. Atkinson
to give them back their money. As the
alternative they proposed to tear out his
hair by the roots, stab him with hatpins
and brain him with the raving block.
But he had vanished, and at his ele
gantly furnished home at 1444 McAllister
street his father, T. T. Atkinson, answered
the doorbell and informed all inquirers
that Edgar was not at home.
Young Atkinson had been short on the
leading Comstock stocks for a long time,
and when the boom of $1 a share or so
came he refused to play any more in the
stock market yard and declined all invita
tions "to holler down its rain barrel or
climb its apple tree," because the market
bad not been good to him.
On Thursday when the boom came, Mr.
Atkinson gave his personal checks in ful
fillment of certain obligations, and when
the checks were presented at the bank the
holders were informed that Mr. Atkinson
had no funds on deposit and that, there
fore, the checks were worthless.
T. T. Atkinson said last night that his
son had received certain checks from per
sons doing business with him, and that he
I had deposited those checks to bis credit in
the bank. The checks proved to be worth
less, and the result was that .Edgar's
checks had nothing to stand upon and
were dishonored.
"Those who owed my son money did
not meet their obligations to him," added
Mr. Atkinson senior. "My son was a fool
to allow his checks to be dishonored. If
he had been a man of more experience
and probably less scrupulous he would
have sailed in and trusted to fortune to
tide him over. He had plenty of friends
and backing to enable him to nave done
this. Bnt when he found that his checks
had been dishonored he thought it time to
call a halt."
In reply to a question as to the extent of
his son's shortage Mr. Atkinson said that
it could not have been very much, because
stockbroking nowadays had become a
"peanut business. He declined, how
ever, to state the amount.
"In 1886," he continued, "I paid out be
tween $700,000 and $800,000 in stocks, and
fulfilled all my obligations. Those wt re
days when stockbroking was a business.
I never thought that I was doing any busi
ness at all if I did not clear $100 per day
over all expenses. In some months I
cleared as high as $10,000 and $15,000. But
its peanuts now."
Mr. Harris kept out of the way. He de
clined to state the amount of his losses, or
rather of tbe losses of his patrons. His
attorney, Mr. Firebaugh, was equally reti
cent. Young Atkinson had been doinc
considerable business for Mr. Harris, both
being short on the market.
The failure of the two dealers was not
reported officially to the Stock Board yes
terday. A prominent broker said that if
the defaulting brokers did not redeem
their checks they would be deprived of
their seats in the board.
The sharp rise in quotations of the lead
ing Cotnstock mines is said to have been
caused by the discovery of rich ore bodies
on the Brunswick lode in the Chollar,
Con. Virginia and Occidental especially.
On Thursday Chollar jumped from $1 43
in the morning session to $2 15 in the
afternoon session. Yesterday it started
at $2 20 and dropped in tbe afternoon to
$195.
Occidental jumped from $1 20 to $1 30 on
Thursday and to $2 30 yesterday morning,
closing in the afternoon at ?■_' 15.
Con. Virginia rose on Thursday from
$2 20 to $2 90 and yesterday from $2 85 to
$3 00.
While the advance is not sufficient to
create a furor in tbe market it is bailed as
a revivor of business. There is a large
amount of capital in this City and if a
goodly number of pockets of gold are dis
covered on the Brunswick lode and if the
work of exploration is pushed vigorously
much capital will be invested in stocks
and thereby put into circulation.
FOUGHT HALF AN HOUR.
Two Workmen In the Parrott Building
Come to Fisticuffs.
Patrice Hall, a tile-setter, and Chris
Shnider, a carpenter, both employed in
the Parrott building on Market street, bad
a lively set-to yesterday on the third floor
of the building during the noon hour.
The day previous Hall was setting tiles
and Shnider happened to step on some
wet ones, spoiling them as a consequence
and causing Hall extra work to repair the
damage.
The tile-setter lost his temper and repri
manded Sbnider, who took offense, and in
an instant both were pummeling each
other.
Employes separated them, but each was
bent on revenge, and mutually agreed
to settle the argument next day during
the noon hour.
After partaking of their midday meal
the two contestants and about fifty em
ployes of tne building repaired to a large
room on the Market-street side, and at
12:30 o'clock hoctilities commenced.
was altogether lost sight of, and
both men sailed into each other, ham
mer and tongs, with Hall forcing, the
fighting from tne start. Blows were fly
in« in all directions, but they seldom
made connection. Finally Hall caught
Shnider on the point of the jaw and
knocked him flat on his back. Shnider
announced that he had had enough.
The men fought continuously from 12:30
until live minutes to 1 o'clock.
BARRY'S "STAR "-READ IT.
The A. P. A. Republican Convention ; Forged
Letter Against Rev. Col burn; Burkes Red-hot
Shot; Corporate Greed the Worst Blow to the
Charter; Huntington's Wholesale Crimes, and
all the live topics of the hour. *
♦ ♦ •
It is said that the city of . Pittsburg now
stands on ground once given in exchange
for a violin. '
121 -123 Sansome Street, Blue Signs.
THE DAWN OF A
NEW DAY
On Sansome street, between
Pine and Bush, marked by a
lot of big blue signs, is the
wholesale clothing manufactur-
ing concern of BROWN BROS.
& CO. They do an immenss
retail business as well as whole-
sale — selling to consumers as
well as dealers — but the feature
of startling interest is that their
WHOLESALE AND
RETAIL PRICES ARE
THE SAME!
They will sell you one suit
(or more) for your own use at
the same prices as if you bought
a hundred to sell again !
Whether this is fair to the
dealer is not the question ; bet-
ter ask yourself what YOU can
save.
For instance : A FINE CAS-
SIMERE SUIT that retails at
$18 you can get here for $10 ! etc.
MANUFACTURERS
SELLING DIRECT TO
WEARER
CLOTHING
Retailed at Wholesale Prices
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRIMISCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WE | : ?o D A^ S 7:3O> 9:00> 11:0 am 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. *. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:50
SUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. sf.
- San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:80. 9:10, 11-10 a it-
: 12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Katurdays-Extra tripj"
at 1 :5B p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNIXAYB-7:35. 8:oL> 11:10 a. *•: 1:40, 3:io,
o:OO, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. <—•«»•
•»"■ aTe . Inpff^t Arrive
Ban Francisco. , %s(*? San Franclajo.
K IS: *&Z*». %?i 1 ™sT
7:30 Ait 7:30 am . Novato, 10:40 am B:4Jak
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluiz.a, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_ • ~ j Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburc, '
_ _' Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloveniale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
"~~~ '. ■ l'ieta, j !
7:30 am ■ Hopland & ' 10:10 am
3:30 pmJ 7:30 am kiah. . 7:80pm|6:15
7:30 am! _ Z i 10:10 am
___ 7:80 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 ™ I 6:15 pm
7.:50 AM 1:39I :3 9 am j Sonoma 10:40 am; 8:40 am
6:10 5:00 pm; and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
j | Glen Ellen. j
von AM i?22* M i SebastODOl 1 10:40 am|10:10 am
3:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm | "^P^topo'- j 6:05 pm ti :15 pm
_ States connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for £ka«As Springs; at
Lloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and Lamport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
OKlah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blur
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
\ alley. John Day's. Lierley s, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
/In Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville. Green-
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Hendocino City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal > Wlllets, C»hto, Covelo,
Layionville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
i rnf ■.
| On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle buiidlnj.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.:
Atlantic
Pacific
Trains leave from and arrive fc^S^fiJf't^f
•i Market -Street Ferry. XsK%?^a&\&
SANTA J=E EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
leaves every day at 5 r. m.. carrying Pullman
Pnlace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chica?»
via Kansas City without change.. Annex cars tor
Denver aud St. Louis. ...——-^ ;
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars, \
■nder Harvey's management. Connecting. trains ;
! leave Ban Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. »i. daily.
| ■The best railway from California to the East.
, New rails, new ties; no doat: interesting scenery | ;
1 and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or diaiagt- i
ma.
Ticket Odea- 644 Market Street,
•-•::■•■ Chronicle Buildinj[.__
KORTB PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
i'xom Ban Francisco, Com ncing March 29, 1890. i
L WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8?00 I
*9:15 10:16, 11:46, a. M.: 3:20, 4:16, !
5:15, «tt:OO. 6:35 r. M. . '->;
Extra trips - for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne»
' days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
*•-"•-; • - SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sen Rafael-*8:00, *9:00, |
•10:00,11:30 a: M.;*»r.':S». *1 :30, •SO*, »4:00, 1
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. h.xir* trip to Sausalitoat ;
11:00 a. m. . ' ,
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. ••12:30
T. m. does not run to Mill Valley. .
THROUGH TRAINS. :
1 :46 p. m. weekdays— Catadero and way stations.
8:00 a. M. Sundays— Caradero and way stations.
9'JOO a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana statlona
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
SOCTHKKN PACIFIC COJIPAJiT.
(pacific mm) .
ii»lu> !«•»*«■ »n<l nre due to arrive at
SAN 1 IC.IX IS« «>.
leave — Fiiom May 3. 1596. — m; ri vb
•6:00 a Nilcs. San Jose and Way Stations ... »7»3a
7:»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and liast.. 8:1."»f
7:OOa Conicia, VacaTiUe. Rurr.scy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis . . . 8:4
7:0»a Martinez, Sen Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Eo3a t 6:lSp
8::»«A It i lcs, San Jose,' Stockton. lone.
Sacramento, Marysville. lied lllntt
ami Sundays eir opted Oiovilio ... 4:15p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton •7:15p
. »:«)«» a Los Angeles Kxpress, Fresno, Santa
'_"-: llarbara and l,os Angeles 4i43p
•:O«a Martinez and Stockton..... 10-ISa
9:OOa VaUejo.... G:l3p
I :OOp Xilcs, San Jose and I.ivcnnore H: 15 \
•l:OOp Sacramento Kivor Steamers *U:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
4:OOi> Martinez. Ran lcamon. Vallojo.
Napa, Calistoga, El Vcrano and
.SuuUltosa 9:13 a
4:»»r Bcnicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysville,
♦ >rovi!!e and Sacramento IO: IS*
4jS«p Niles. San Jose. LiTermoro and
- Stockton .;.....;.... . 7:13p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Vosemite) and Fresno lit 13a
3 :**r Now Orleans U x press, Fresno. Eaters-
flold, hanta lUrliira, Lot Augelcn,
• j Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East I*:lsa
S:00p Santa Fe Route, Atlautic Express
-■ forMojave and East 1O:15a
5:»0p Vallejo :.... 11:43 a
6:0 Op European Mail, Ogdoii and &■*.... 9:45 a
6:OOp IJ:iyw;>rda, Niloaaud Sau Jose 7:13 a
}7:00i- Vallejo 1 7:43 r
7iOor Oregon JCxj>ress,Sacrameuto, IHsrys-
ville, Iteilillnt,', Portland, Pngtt
- ' Sound and Kaat 10:45 a
S.VVI'A <;UliZ DIVISION (Xarnm O.iiiicr>.
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
end Princip»l Way Stations ...... !9:«Sp
8:19 a Newarlc.CeiitcrTille.SftnJose.FcltOD,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations siMp
•3:13r Newark; Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadcn, Fcllon, Boulder Creek, . .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations-... «l 1:20 a
4:13 p Newark. Sau Jose and lx>s Catos 9:.Ta
.COAST IHVtSIOS (Third * Tomisi-nd Mb.)
•6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New ~~
Almsdeu Wednesdays only) M:4sp
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Sinta Cruz, Pacifio Grove, and
Principal Way Stations iS:39r
8:15* .Tone, Tres Finos, Santa Cm*,
I'acilio Orovo, Paso Robles, Sau
1.-iis Oliispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:63r
♦9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl :43p
. IO:1Oa San Josoand Way 5tati0n5......... - 3:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Station*....... 3:30p
••2:30r Sau Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
CiUr, S»linaß,Mont<;re" and Pacitic
» Grove ..„. ♦1O:4O*
SaaJosoandPrineipcl Way Stations »:47a
•4:30i-?an Jose and Way Static.is *S:OOa
s:oopSan.TosoandWay 5tati0n5......... «H:4»a
<J::tOi- San Jose and Way Stations 6:R5a
t11:43p San .Tor-e and Way Stations t":43p
SAX I.LA.^JUkO AM) HAItfAKDs LU<:aL.
t*«:OOAl C 7:13 a
8:»Oa M)i43a
ll. : oot Melr»te,SemlnarTF«k, si.Mfft
'"loop Fitehbnnr, Su Lewdr» \tual
a:UOp I aß d . j 4:43p
4:OOp r ' 3:45p
-,::jop BaTnardi O:15p
,-3:: tOp Maywaros. 7:43p
7:»0p , R:43p
9-00:» * Kuna througU to NUes. ' IO3OP
tt 1 1 *: 1 5 J tFromNiles. j mg:00l>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'ins SiN fHiNCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ; 11:00 a.v. tl:00 *2":00 t3:0O
•1:00 . tu:3Q / *6:0OP.ll.
:'rom OASUSD— Foot of Broadway.— «6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. 113:00 -. «l:00 12:00 ♦3:00 tl:CB
*5:00f.M. .... ■■.■.■■•••■ -
' A for Morning. , , P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. f Saturdays only.
■ . t Sundays only,
ft Monday. Thursday ar,d Saturday nights only.
QSIIIVC I^|™rBTnroat, dimples, CopperJß
{V^nAj!. IUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old Bores,™
MB Ulcers in Month, Hair-Failing! Write COORH
fflj ISEMEDX CO SO7 Ka«onlc Tempi* A3
1> Chicago, 111., for proofs of cure?. Capl-ga
Tfltttl, 8500,000. Worst cases cured in 16[g|
JKito 3S day. ' IQO-puc* book ft^ '^__lja :
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ' STS,— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
Kuropfcau plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day, $1
to 98 per week, 98 to *30 per moucti: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: tire grate 'a
every room: elevator runs all night.
56
81jg ra tfTitll
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. fO. IS
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Caia., three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
But- lay Call, one year, by malt 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall l»50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation t If
10, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
•KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
' BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; ■ open
•id til 9 o'clock.
2518 Miss.on street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mb llt street; open until 9 o'clock, j
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Acent.
SATURDAY ....MAY 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is now time for the Democrats to get
in and piay ball.
After the festival it is a wise head that
knows its own hat.
It is otilv Republican conventions that
are commented on tliis year.
The idea of a greater San Jose was good,
but San Jose at large takes the cake.
Congress might as well get out of the
way and let the conventions have the
earth.
An early adjournment of Congress is not
the best way to kill the funding bill, but it
will do.
It seems very clear now that the fund
ing bill is on a toboggan slide that ends
in a ditch.
What Democracy needs most is a leader
who can drive the bosses away and clean
up the camp.
Now is the time for all loyal Republi
cans to get into ranks and begin to or
ganize for victory.
We have never had to apologize for our
weather, but it has needed a good deal of
explanation this spring.
In turning to-night from Queen Lillian to
King Cole, San Joss will make a fool of
herself and be glad of it.
Up to date not a single Republican has
Bhown a sore head over the party action
in any portion of the country.
The way to a greater and more prosper
ous California is along the road that the
Republican procession moves.
The surest way to provide yourself with
good reading for to-morrow is to leave
orders for The Sunday Call to-day.
Kicks against the Sacramento conven
tion are made only by Democrats, and it
Is a good sign that they are kicking hard.
According to the administration esti
mates the Chicago convention will stand
on the gold platform or spill itself in forty
directions.
About the best thing the Chicago con
vention couJd do would be to take up the
St. Louis ticket and move to make it
unanimous.
The Call has not only supported
woman suffrage it?elf, but it has been the
cause of a good many other papers getting
in and praising the ladies.
This is the time for intelligent business
Democrats to think over the situation and
see if they had not better come out frankly
for protection and prosperity.
The administration would be better
pleased with Senator Hill's frequent de
fenses if he would only get in one occa
sionally that succeeded in defending it.
While the war clouds hang over her
Europe consoles herself in the fact that
the annual spring tour of the cholera
seems to have been postponed for this year.
It would be worth while to hold a festival
in San Francisco, just to get up enthusi
asm enough to brat? on the weather, as
they are doing in San Jose and Healds
burg.
There are few predictions worth risking
in regard to Democratic affair?, but it is
cafe to say when the Chicago convention
meets Cleveland won't go tishing unless
with a telegraph line.
While the Democratic organs have not
even suggested a Presidential candidate
for their own party, they have already be
gun to tell their fool readers the names of
the members of the McKinley Cabinet.
Amid the uproar of politics there can
be heard from Colorado the wailing of a
few faint voices, declaring that the cures
accomplished by Schlatter have been as
transitory as the healer himself, and will
have to be done all over again.
It is estimated that 600,000 youn* Ameri
cans will cast their first Presidential vote
thia year, and fortunately the Republican
party has enough young men's clubs to
take them all into camp and teacn them
how to march with the procession.
The chief objection to the proposed ad
journment of Congress on May 18 is that
it would not give time for the Senate
Finance Committee to report on the. bond
deals at thia session, and the people wish
to hear from it before the campaign begins.
The American Investor and Pacific Re
sources has issued for April an exception
ally strong nnmber, which deserves a
wide circulation in the East, as an adver
tisement of the advantages California offers
to settlers and to all who are seeking good
investments for their caDital.
In a recent interview Pattison followed
the lead of Russell to the extent of declar
ing he is not an avowed candidate for the
Presidency and is not sure his name will
be presented at the Chicago convention
and thus do we have a sign that the Har
rity boom will be sicklied o'er by a pale
cast of thought and lose the name of
action.
START THE WORK.
The general satisfaction among Republi
cans over the work accomplished by Ihe
Sacramento convention has ?:<:-nerated a
spirit of confidence in the ranks of the
party that ought to be made use of at once
in effecting a complete organization for
the campaign. At present there is har
mony everywhere and a sanguine feeling
that amounts to an enthusiasm for Repub
lican success. This will be an effective aid
to local leaders in getting campaign clubs
and leagues recruited for the coming con
test and the opportunity should not be
neglected in any county in the State.
It is true the time is yet distant before
the actual opening of the campaign will
take place. The mass-meetings and the
torchlight processions will not be called
for until late in the summer. It is never
theless none too early to set about the task
of performing the preliminary work and
getting the loyal members of the party
into position where they can render the
mo3t effective service. It would be a good
stroke of politics for the party in Califor
nia to show itself already fairly well or
ganized where the ratification meetings are
held after the Presidential nomination in
June, and if this is to be done the work of
organizing must, of course, be undertaken
without delay.
One of the most important parts of the
organizing wck will be that of enlisting
the young men of the State in the ranks
of the grand old party. It is estimated
that 500,000 young Americans will cast
their first Presidential vote this fall. The
Republican party, by its watchwords,
"Patriotism, protection and prosperity,"
can readily claim for itself the allegiance
of these younc men in every State in the
Union, and particularly can it do so in
California, where patriotism is so ardent,
protection so necessary to industry and
prosperity in all lines of business so essen
tial to that rapid development of our re
sources which will give California its right
ful rank among the great States of the
Republic.
The feeling amons; the people of the
State at this time is most propitious to the
successful performance of the work of
adding new recruits to the party ranks.
Democracy and Populism arc completely
demoralized. They have neither of them
either a platform or a candidate to which
they can invite the support of young
men or of independent voters. The cen
eral public is naturally inclined to listen
to Republican arguments now. When the
heat and excitement of the actual cam
paign has disturbed the minds of men it
will be much more difficult to make con
verts than at present, when the voice of
reason is heard without prejudice or
passion. This, therefore, is the time to
begin the campaign. Start the work at
once.
WHY SO EXTRAORDINARY ?
The delighted surprise exhibited by all
supporters of equal suffrage that The Call
should have come to the support of tlie
cause is an eloquent disclosure of a condi
tion of affairs whicu should never have
been permitted to exist. The Call has
been under its present management only
a year and a half. During that time, as
occasion arose, it has made several radical
departures from the standard of journal
ism to which the people of California had
been accustomed. One of its first radical
innovations was to publish the railroad
time-tables without charge after their pub
lication had ceased by reason of the fact
that the Southern Pacific refused to pay
for the service. The Call restored them
to its columns in order to serve a public
convenience. It was essential that the
people should know when the trains ar
rived and deparled, and when the South
ern Pacific refused to perform that service
The Call came to the rescue.
"Another unheard-of thing was The
Call's refusal to be bribed by the lottery
companies. The advertisements of these
i.windling concerns are paid for at a very
handsome rate and the bait is a sore
temptation to newspapers which do not
scruple to assist rascally enterprises in
roobing the public. Not content with re
fusing thus to be bribed, The Call has
vigorously attacked these swindlers and
has lent its whole force to the overthrow
of the disreputable downtown poolrooms
and all other pernicious forms cf gam
bling.
Its more recent efforts to overthrow cor
rupt boss politics in the local Republican
party are fresh in the minds of the people,
and its success in the State Convention
has been as gratifjing as it was complete.
While these and other departures which
it made were aimed at evils that were
sapping. the purses and self-respect of
the community, it has done many
things of a building-up kind. In place
of corrupt political management it has
supported the leadership of a clean and
vigorous man. a member of a family
that has done and is doing more for Cali
fornia than any other in the history of the
State. It has fought the infamous fund
ing bill because that measure would con
done the rascality of the aided roads and
perpetuate the transportation monopoly
which has so grievously hampered the
progress of California. It has vigorously
supported the Nicaragua canal as a meas
ure which manifestly would lighten the
burdens which our people have to bear. It
has supported the free coinage of silver in
the conviction that the interests of the
West in particular and of the Nation in
general would be greatly advanced by the
rehabilitation of the white metal. Last
and most advanced of all it has come
forth in the advocacy of woman suffrage
as a measure both of justice and wisdom.
These items make a showing of ad
vanced, aggressive and independent jour
nalism entirely new in this part of the
world. In view of the many things which
The Call has attempted and achieved
there should have been no great surprise
at its advocacy of woman suffrage when
the occasion arose for taking ground on
the subject. That occasion was the eve of
a Republican fctate Convention whose in
fluence could be exercised in National
affairs. That the convention accepted the
policy suggested by this paper was a suffi
cient vinoication of The Call's advocacy
and of the right of th^ cause which it sup
ports. In the future there need be no
great surprise at any course which The
Call may pursue in its determination to
reflect and advocate all that is best in the
advancement of human progress.
RESTRICTING IMMIGRATION.
In demanding the enactment of National
legislation that will prevent the landing
of objectionable foreigners upon our shores,
the Republican party of California is sus
tained by every political economist 01 this
country. Foreigners who come here for
the purpose of bettering their condition,
and identify themselves honestly and sin
cerely with our institutions, are always
most welcome. Indeed, 6uch immigrants
are cordially invited to come by the Repub
lican party everywhere. Such acquisitions
to the country's numerical and industrial
strength are desired. Whether they be
farmers, merchants, mechanics or labor
ers, there is always unobstructed oppor
tunity, so far as the good wishes of our
people go, for them to build homes for
| themselves. They are a desirable element
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 31 AY 9, 1896.
in any community, and hence they are
greeted hospitably.
But it is the illiterate, the criminal, the
social and political agitator, the disturber
of the peace, and those who come, not to
make this country their permanent home,
but to accumulate money for the one pur
pose of returning witi it to their European
or Asiatic homes, whose coming should be
forbidden by our laws. This class does not
hesitate to reduce tha waga schedules of
our wage-earners if thereby they can
secure their jobs. It is anything that will
enable them to return to their own coun
try with the savings of their wage-cutting
methods of procuring employment.
These and the other kinds of objection
able persons mentioned are not only never
in harmony with our system of covern
merit, but for the most part they have con
tempt for it. Some come thinking the
United States offers a wider field for a life
of crime, a life of pauperism, or oppor
tunity to underbid our own wagemen and
wagewomen in the employment market.
It is this class the Republican party of
California demands that shall be refused
permission to land udoq our shores, and
the party has no stancher supporters in
this than such foreigners as come in hon
esty of purpose and in goou faith to make
industrious and true citizens.
"THE SUNDAY CALL"
The splendid work being done by the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art and other
institutions for the education of young
artists is deserving of all consideration,
but this should not make us forget that
San Francisco had already furnished a
number of conspicuous names to the roll
of artistic fame before these agencies came
into existence. The purpose of a highly
interesting article in to-morrow's Call is
to name the distinguished artists that
San Francisco has produced and eive an
outline of their achievements.
A description of a remarkable curiosity
shop in San Francisco and the stranee his
tory of Its creator will bring to the general
notice a unique character with which
most "old-timers" are familiar. The col
lection bears an intimate relation to the
early history of California.
One of the most interesting features will
be the extraordinary history of the fruit
less effort recently made to bring about
the release of a well-known Californian
from an insane asylum where he has been
confined for years. It is one of the most
dramatic and pathetic chapters in the his
tory of the State.
"Miss RusselT' will have something par
ticularly useful to say on the subject of
'•Equine Ailments." Her contributions to
The Sunday Call on the horse are re
garded as a specially valuable feature.
In view of the earnest attention which
has been recently drawn to the subject of
dockyards in this country, a paper by
Lieutenant W. R. Hamilton, U. S. A., on
"European Dockyards" will be found par
ticularly interesting.
George D. Baird will contribute another
to the series of articles on "The Young
Athlete." This goes to the subject of diet
and sleep.
The contribution on George Francis
Train in last Sunday's issue attracted so
much attention that it has been deemed
advisable to follow it with another original
paper entitled "The Holding Up of the
German Mail," and detailing a dramatic
incident in the career of this remarkable
man.
"Bachelor Maids of Monterey" is the
title of an interesting contribution derail
in ii the experiences of seven maidens who
set about the task of managing a house
without masculine assistance.
W. C. Morrow will present an analytical
companion of English and American
newspaper methods.
All the regular Sunday departments
will appear in to-morrow's issue, full of
the latest and best matter that skill can
produce and perseverance discover. These
pay careful attention to the children, so
ciety, fashions, music, drama, science, art,
literature and others.
All the features of the Sunday issae arc
designed to carry out the general policy of
The Call to be a newspaper which is none
the less able and comprehensive because
it is clean and wholesome. That ti.e ad
vent of a newspaper aimed distinctively
to edify, delight and instruct the home is
a welcome factor In local journalism is
evidenced by the appreciation which it re
ceives. Its value as an exponent of Cali
fornia's resources and attractions is un
derstood by those who make a point of
sending the Sunday issue to their Eastern
friends.
THE PHILOSOPHY OP PROTECTION
The declaration of the Republican Con
vention at tiacramento in favor of such
protection to American industries as shall
remove them from beyond the hurtful in^
fluence of foreign competition voices the
philosophy of true political economy. It
declares for protection in the fullest and
deepest meaning of the word. It does not
make manufacturing enterprises the cen
ter of all efforts, leaving other industries
to participate in the overflow of the good
that come direct to mill ana factory, but
purposes to have all industries receive
their full share of protection direct and on
their own merits.
The Sacramento declaration contem
plates comprehensive reciprocal relations
between all the industries of the country
upon the broad and substantial basis of
mutual interests and oneness of ultimate
benefit. It means that in the whole range
of employment and employments' prod
ucts, from the most obscure day laborer to
the most gigantic industrial plant, there
fball not be left a single individual or in
terest unprotected. This is the solution
of the whole problem of protection, and
the country will show wisdom if it accepts
it and makes it the chief stone of the cor
ner of the Nation.
The science of government teaches self
ishness as between nations. Not that self
ishness which is born of envy and greed,
but of that which holds to the well
grounded doctrine of self-preservation first,
and then the reaching out to help broaden
the avenues of the going and coming of
others. Civilization owes its progress to
the practical application of just such prin
ciples, and in declaring itself in favor of
protection that protects from the lowest to
the hiphest active factor in the Nation's
work the Repnblican party of California
teaches the highest and truest philosophy
of economics and lays down the principles
of government that not only tend to the
greater accumulation of wealth, but to the
advancement of the people along all lines*
that make for the loftiest and worthiest
civilization.
The readiness with which men believe
all the reports of miraculous freaks of
Kansas cyclones, while remaining incred
ulous of what is told them of the effects of
California sunsuine, is another evidence of
the proneness of the human mind to turn
away from the good and accept the worst
that cornea.
As Senator Hill was able to induce only
five Senators to vote with him in opposi
tion to an investigation of the bond deals,
it seems clear the dwindling process will
soon reduce the Democratic party in Con
gress to such a condition it can crawl out
of a keyhole and escape notice.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
L. L. Williams of Sitka, United States Mar
shal of Alaska, Is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand. Mr. Williams ha* been in Aluska
long enough now to be regarded as an old set
tler. He is one of the influential men of that
distant Territory.
Mr. Williams went to Alflska from Boone
ville, Mo., in 1896, having been appointed by
President Cleveland to the position of United
States Commissioner and Judge of Alaska. He
served four years and was appointed a member
of the World's Fair Commission from Alaska.
Some time after this he was appointed United
States Marshul for Alaska and he has held
that position ever since.
He tells many things of interest concerning
the land which, at the time of Seward's pur
chase, was considered little better than a huge
iceberg.
"There is an extraordinary rush to the gold
fields," he said, "butatSitkatheiniereetseems
United States Marshal L. L. Williams of Alaska, Now Here, Formerly United
States Judge and Also World's Fair Commissioner,
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
largely centered la the Cooks Inlet mines. The
day I left a steamer arrived with 300 pe'oplo
and when they got off and scattered about they
almost blocked the streets of the little town.
"The people arriving are of all kinds. Some
are careful and with some money, and others
are adventurers, pare and simple, no doubt.
Some people ask if we have plenty of food at
Sitka. There we have just as much propor
tionately as you have here and as little chance
of running short. It is away out in the inte
rior, as, for Instance up the Yokon, that the
I supply of food may become limited.
"In 1890 the census of Sitka showed about
1100 people. Of this number I think probably
150 were Americans and Europeans and the
remainder Russians and Indians. The Rus
sians, so called, are nearly all halfbreeds or
| are in some way tinctured with Indian blood.
■ The Indians in Alaska provide themselves with
i food, but the Russians are very indolent and
! seem to care nothing about providing for the
J future."
Marshal Williams brought down an|lnrtian and
a vhite man for incarceration at San Quentin,
the latter for selling liquor to Indians. When
he reached the prison there was a suggestion
j made that, as required by prison regulations,
{ his gun would be left outside. But Mr.
Williams didn't have any, nor had he had a
single weapon of any kind with him on bis en
tire trip of over 2000 miles.
lie said he couldn't have lost his prisoners if
he had wanted to, for prison life suited both
exactly. All they wanted was a place where
they could get plenty to cat and a chance to
sleep.
The white man was sent up for two years,
with $1000 fine adaitional.but under the bank
rupt law the fine will only mean an imprison
ment extra of about a month.
George Moon, Special Deputy Collector of
Customs, came down with Marshal Williams.
WHEN THE CARPET'S UP.
Tacks, tacks, tacks,
On the cold, cruv bedroom floor.
And I would that my tongue dare niter
The thoughts that In me roar.
Oh, well for the bachelor free.
As lie spoons 'neath the gaslight dim,
That he cannot look ah: al and see
The tacka which are wailing for him.
But my stately wife sleeps on
In her haven under the quilt.
With never a thought In her innocent head
Of the tacks she carelessly spilt.
Tacks, tacks, tacks.
At the foot of the foldinir-bed
Are some of the joys that houseeleaning time
Brings to the man that is wed.
—Chicago Record.
LADY'S BICYCLE COSTUME.
The Ideal bicycling costume for summer is
the cloth skirt with a shirt waist. Legjrlntrs to
match the skirt are most becoming, but many
prefer cotton canvas or cotton covert cloth for
comfort.
Cotton duck, canvas, jralatea cloth, brown
Holland and the cottons which are made to
resemble covert cloth are all used for skirts,
but must be heavily faced to Insure •weight
enough to keep them from flying about un
comfortably. Such a skirt with legging* to
match find any sort of shirt waist makes a de
lightfully cool and chic costume for a short
spin, but for touring a cloth skirt is preferable.
One of mixed tweed with lacing of leather
was worn with canvas leggings of leather
color, the knickers were of satine of the same
shade. A flax^colored linen shirt waist com
pleted this smart outfit.
A white duck skirt, with leggings of the
same, with a white linen shirt waist, was
charming, but cannot be recommended for
anything but a dress parade.
A skirt of black with black canvas leggings,
black satine knickerbockers and a white shirt
waist with black tie and belt makes a strikingly
neat costume.
The skirt is cut circular with a bias baei
seam with the fullness laid in two forward
trimming pleats on either side, the placket be
ing at the front gore, both sides of which but
ton over the side.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Orphan Asyltjm Children— lnquirer, Oak
land, Cal. The question, "Have children be
tween 6 and 17 years old, of au orphan asylum
drawing State uid, $75 for each half orphan
and $100 for full orphan, a right to be ad-
mitted into the public schools, or must they
be taught in their own institutions?" was sub
mitted to Superintendent Babcock, who in
turn n«ked for the opinion of the State Super
intendent and received the following answer:
In reply to yours of yesterday's date let me call
your attention to sections 1637 and 1638 or the
rollilca: Code, which arena follows: "1637. He
(census marshal) must include In his report alt
children who are abßect attending Institutions of
learning and who<e parents or (ruardians arv resl
deutn of the district: he must, also include as cen
sus children the children of Indian parents who
fiayiaxesand of Indian parents who are not liv
n* In the tribal relation: he must also include nil
orphan children uhspnt from the district In orphan
Asylums whose guardians reside in the district
and every half orphan absent in asylums whose
surviving parent or guardian renides iv the dis
trict : ha must also Includeall native-born Chinese
children. 1638. He must not include in his repor:
children who are attending institutions of learn
ing, or such benevolent nstltuilons ■■ deaf and
dumb, blind and orphan asylums in his district
whose parents or guardians do not reside therein."
I judge fronr. the wording of these sections that
half orphans in the various orphan asylums of San
Francisco, whose (remaining) parents reside In
said City, have been enumerated by j-our census
ruHrahals and are entitled to enter your public
schools- In the case of whole orphans or "aban
doned" children, it seems to me it would be a
proper construction of the law to conaider the
beads of the various orphan asylums as the guar
dians of such children for educational purposes,
and that they be enumerated as census children in
your City, and therefore entitled to all the privi
leges of the puolic schools of said City.
In the rase of half orphans, whose- (remaining)
parents reside outside the City, under the law.
these children are enumerated elsewhere, such
children could, however, be admitted to your
sohouls on ihe condition mentioned In subdivision
fifteenth, section 1617, which is as follows:
"Section 1617. The powers and duties of trustees
of school districts and boards of education in cities
are as follows: Fifteenth— To permit children from
other districts to attend the schools of their dis
trict only upon the consent of the trustees of the
district In which auch chil iren reside: provided,
that sbould the trustees of the district in which
children whose parents or guardians desire them
to attend in other districts, reside, refuse to grant
their consent, the parents or guardians of :-ueh
children may appeal to the County Superintendent
and his decision shall be|6nal."
The cities of Momma o anu Los Angeles follow
the plan here fudicateu and, as a matter of fact,
the children in non-sectarian and i rotestant
orphan asylums attend the public schools ana are
taught by public school teachers. In Los Angeles
they attend the public schools In proximity to the
asyiupj. In v acr»men!o the school buildings are,
I believe, on the asylum grounds, and, perhaps,
belong to ths asylum; but the teachers areengaeeci
ana paid by the city. So far as I know the chil
dren In the Catholic asylums are taught by private
teachers. Very respectfully,
Hamvkl T. BI.ACK., state Superintendent.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Pope has not yet decided to send a rep
resentative to the Russian coronation.
Prince de Sagan, arbiter of elegance among
men of fashion in Paris, is now 64 years old.
In the London directory for 1895 the Smith
family occupy upward of twenty closely
printed pages.
The late Lord Leighton took infinite pains
with nis lectnree on art, rewriting one of them
thirteen times.
Cecil Rhode's income as managing director
of the Consolidated Gold Fields Company last
year was more than $1,650,000.
Robert Dixon of New Yorlt is the second per
son in that city who has become insane
through worrying over the cathode raya.
Descartes' tercentenary will be observed by
the publication of a complete edition of his
works, by authority of the French Government.
On Easter eve, at the early celebration at
St. Mary Magdalene, Paddinqton, London,
$10,000 was placed in the offertory by an
anonymous donor to pay off a debt long hang
ing over the parish.
Tokichi Massao, a Japanese of New Haven,
Conn., a graduate of the Yale Law School, was
admitted to practice in the United States Cir
cuit Court a few aays ago. He was admitted
to practice at the Connecticut bar about a year
ago.
The report that Anthony Hope was engaged
to marry the beautiful leading lady who took
the part of the Priaoess Flavia in "The Pris
oner of Zenda" turns out to be an elaborate
work of fiction, and Mr. Barries case still
stands by itself.
Dr.' William Howard Russell is now 75 years
ol age. He joined the staff of the London
Times in 1843 and was its war correspondent
in the Crimea, the Indian mutiny, the Ameri
can Civil War, the Prusso- Austrian and the
Franco-German wars.
George Meredith, the novelist, affects a some
what extraordinary costume. Ordinarily he
wears a cream-colored flannel shirt with flap
ping collar, loose scarf of black and white, a
loose-fitting corduroy coat of light mole color
and of uncertain age, rough knickerbockers
and plain, substantial boots.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Stephen of Petaluma is here.
Dr. M. Johnson of Los Angeles is here.
Sheriff Brown of Eureka is at the Russ.
Dr. Lyman of Pasadena is at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Petty of Nevada is at the Grand.
Major J. R. Houghton of Chico is in town.
Allen P. Weir of Los Angeles has arrived
here.
Dr. E. K. McComberof Denver is one of many
visitors.
W. E. Peck, a business man of Santa Cruz,
arrived here yesterday.
J. L. Sperry, proprietor of the Big Trees
Hotel, is at the Occidental.
Senator J. C. Holloway of Cloverdale is
among the guests of the Russ.
F. A. Bartlett, a well-known business man of
Port Townsend, is in the city.
Hugh Percy, manager of the big sugar re
finery at Chi no, is in the City.
R. F. Glover, a wealthy resident of Denver, is
here on a business ana pleasure trip.
J. 8. Templin, a mining superintendent of
Idaho, registered at the Palace yesterday.
Coionel John T. Harrington, the baniter and
railroad man, of Colusa, is at the Palace.
H. Z. Osborne, one of the owners of the Los
Angeles Evening Express, is at the Palace.
I. L. Delano, owner of the extensive stone
quarries at Rocklin, is among the arrivals
here.
Dr. L. L. Young of the United States navy
was among yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
dental.
P. Kerwin, one of the most prominent of
Virginia City mining superintendents, is at
the Palace.
J. C. Lewis, the extensive grain-dealer of
Portland, arrived here last evening. He is at
the Palace.
Wesley Austin, clerk of the Laclede House,
St. Louis, and an old friend of Edward Fay, is
on a visit to this City.
Clarence H. Howard of St. Louis, manager of
a large house handling car supplies, is in the
City accompanied by his wife.
J. F. Thompson, editor and proprietor of the
Eureka Standard, the Democratic daily of
Humboldt County, is oa a visit here.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May B.— At the Gilsey,
Mrs. A. Bruce; Hoffman, L. A. Garrett; Union
Square, J. Wagner; Holland, A. Hecht, Mrs. V.
K. Maddox; Brunswick, H. J. Knowles; Grand,
F. Batchelder; Sturtevant, Miss C. Coggeweil;
Metropole, D. E. Newell; Warwick, Miss N.
O'Neii; Windsor, S. Joseph, Mrs. Joseph, Mis 3
Joseph, Miss N". Joseph. Sailed by steamship
H. H. Meier for Bremen, Charles D. Haffen
berg, Miss B. hoe, Mrs. Frank Quisling, Miss
Anna Schudel, Henry Zaetsch.
FIRST IN THE FIELD.
Well Done.
Esparto Press.
The San Francisco Call, one of the most able
and fearless papers on tae Pacific Coast, has
come out as the champion of woman's rights.
Well done, Brother Shortridge. We extend to
you the right hand of support in your noble
stand.
Ukiah Herald.
The San Francisco Call is the first of the
big dailies of the metropolis of California to
come out in favor of woman's suffrage. In an
editorial Sunday it urges the Republican
party of California to adopt a resolution favor- |
ing the eleventh amendment to the State con
stitution, which gives to the women of Califor
nia me rigut of suffrage.
The Beat Method.
Woodland Home Alliance.
The best method of promoting the interests
of labor and of the equal rights movement is
to extend tne circulation of The Call, the only
daily paper with sufficient moral courage to
stand for the right. regHrdless of consequences.
Subscribe for it, and induce your friends to
follow your example.
All Rejoiced.
The Pacific Knsign.
The friends of equal suffrage were rejoiced
at Sunday's Call coming out boldly and in a
masterly way declaring in favor of the pro
posed amendment. The Call is looked upon
as being the most progressive and liberal
paper in the Cify, and is a favorite in many
households, as not so much objectionable mat
ter Is found in its columns. We congratulate
the suffragists on the acquisition of this able
champion, as their cause will be strengthened
by the great influence wielded by this influen
tial paper.
Distinguished Honor.
Woodland Home Alliance.
The friends of equal suffrage are everywhere
rejoicing over the fact that the San Francisco
Call has been wise and just enough to declare
in favor of the proposed eleventh amendment
to the State constitution of California, to ex
tend the suffrage to women on equal terms
with men. To The Call belongs the distin
guished honor of being the first great daily
newspaper that has had the courage to give
free expression to this great principle of equal
rights and justice. Let readers of the Home
Alliance exert themselves to extend the circu
lation of The Call so that every voter in the
State may receive it regularly.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Mr. Wallace — I was at the theater last night
awhile. 1 went on Hargraves' ticket. I wish
you wouldn't interrupt me that way — and, by
the way, I saw your dear friend, Mrs. Fash, in
a box.
Mrs. Wallace— What did she have on.
"About the only thing I could detect on her
was tne gaze of the audience."— Cincinnati En
quirer.
"I'm afraid," said the young man who is
candidly critical, "that there is some foreign
substance in this coffee."
"Certainly," said Mrs. Hashem. "That re
mark shows that you have the palate of a con
noisseur. The coffee itself is imported."—
Washington Star.
Mr. Boodles— You began life as a bare- footed
boy, I understand?
New clerk— Yes, sir; I was born without
shoes.— New York Herald.
Bristow— Here's a minstrel show that will
make a hit.
Dorcy— What's the scheme?
Bristow— The management has arranged to
throw X rays on all the jokes worked off.—
Philadelphia North American. ,
"My gas bill this month fairly took my
breath away I" exclaimed the horse editor.
••Mine did worse than that," replied the
snake editor.
"How?"
"It tooic away all my cash."— Philadelphia
Chronicle Telegraph.
Mrs. Gimp— How did you cure your husband
of smoking In the house?
Mrs. Braid— l made him smoke the cigars I
gave him Christmas.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Muggins— Did you ever attend a box party at
the opera?
Buggins— Xo; I am too fond of music—Phil
adelphia Record.
' "Why do you wish to be excused?" asked the
Judge of the unwilling Juror.
"I'm deaf, your Honor— so deaf I really don't
believe I could hear more than one side of the
case."— Harper's Bazar.
"I will devote my life to you," said the first
suitor.
"I will die for you," said the second.
"Very well," said the fair maid. "I'll marry
| the one who'll die for me first, and then when
he dies I'll marry the other. I love you both
equally."— Harper's Bazar.
Doctor— Don't be alarmed. I was sicker
than you are, a year ago. and with the same
trouble. To-day lam well and hearty.
Patient (anxiously)— Oh, doctor, tellme, who
was your physician?— The Waterbury.
Alberta— l see that Miriam and Mr. Bert
whistle's engagement is off.
Alethea— Yes; ne bought a bicycle that
wasn't the same make as hers.— Puck.
"Rose, did you have a good time downtown
bargain day?"
"No; I waited two hours to see some lovely
jardinieres marked down and a clerk came
around aud marked them np." — Chicago Rec
ord.
"Yes," admitted the King of Bwklpo to the
new missionary, "I did eat your predecessor,
though cannibalism haa been bad form among
us for nearly a decade. But, when he cane to
us on his arrival and said that even in far-away
America he felt that he could only be happy In
our midst, what coula a poor savage do?"—ln
dianapolis Journal.
Sunday-school Teacher —Don't forget, my
children, that you are called upon to do pen
ance. Of course you know what the word pen
ance means ?
Bright Scholar— Yes, sir! Pennants is what
the league fellers play for.— Yankee Gazette.
Good-looking Young Girl— Will you do some
thing for me. Mr. B.?
Mr. B.— With pleasure, my dear Mlas A.
What is it?
Good-looking Young Girl— Well, I wish you
would propose to me, so that I may crow over
my cousin. I promise I won't accept you. —
Saturday Night.
Ferocious Visitor (entering office)— See here,
boy, I've come to lick the editor.
Office Boy— Guess you won't like the Job.
He's just been tarred and feathered.— New
York World.
"Henpeck has bought his wife a bicycle.
Shrewd fellow, that Henpeck."
"Shrewd?"
"Yes; he gets a rest now. She blows up her
tire."— Town Topics.
"Do you take fuel in exchange for subscrip
tions?" asked the caller at the country news
paper office.
"What have you got— a poem?"— Yonkers
Statesman.
Mrs. Newed— l don't understand why they
call these things dumb waiters.
Mr. Xewed— Why not?
Mrs. Newed— l have learned from this dumb
waiter all I know about the other people iv
these flats— Truth.
Teacher— What boy in the class can give me
the past tense of migrate? Well, Johnnie, I see
your hand un. What is it?
Johnnie— My gracious! — Judge.
IN THE FRONT RANK.
lone Echo.
The Call has sent the Echo a beautiful
colored lithograph of Its future nineteen-story
home, now in process of construction on Mar
ket and Third streets. The Call is deserving
of it, and we are pleased to note Its prosperity.
The Call of to-day is the Republican paper
of. the West, and in the matter of clear-cut
news is in the front rank. .
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb, Townsend't. •
« — ♦ » :
Professor John Fiske reiterates his belief !«
the truthfulness of the story of Pocahontas
and John Smith. He says the latter's life was
surely saved by the former, and that it cannot
be doubted by any one who will take the trou
ble to investigate.
■ ♦ •
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's.*
. • .—. — • — * . . ,
Eobert Mark Wenley. who has been ap
pointed to the senior professorship of philos
ophy in the University of Michigan, is a son of
the treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, and is a
prolific writer on many subjects, his best
known works being "Socrates and Christ" and
'♦Aspects of Pessimism."
• — ♦ •
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend's. •
— . » . '
Barrett Browning, son of the great poet, has
just been thanked by the municipality of
Venice for the liberality and splendor of his
hospitality. Recently Mr. Browning lent his
magnificent palace. Rezzonico, for charitable
purposes to a society composed of the noblest
Italian women in Venice.
• ♦ — •
Townsend's Cal. glaoe fruits, "our make,"
50c lb. in Japanese baskets. 627 Market at. *
— ; — — • — — > ••'■•
Manchester is about to erect an -equestrian
statue to Sir Charles Halle, the musical con
ductor, who never mounted a horse in ais life.
» » »
-• Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. *
•—»• — »
The N. P. C. R. R. via Sausalito ferry is the
route which nature has favored most, where
families and private parties can enjoy a day in
the country without the annoyance of Sunday
picnics and overcrowded boats and trains. •
v_ >; .-; -• t's — '• 1 «.«'.»,: ....' ■<:•■■ i>;**i<Ri J
:• "Jnst think. Mr. Wright, l^ said the young
woman who was trying to be pleasant, "all the
children in the neighborhood are repeating
that poem of yours that appeared in last
month's magazine." i „■■•...,..,- -...
"That's nattering. Very." ■ •
"Yes. They are using it for a counting-out
rhyme, you — dear little things." — Cm
cinnati Enquirer.
■ ■ * i; •
Take trie Northern Pacific to All Points
: ? f £''&:-*■ *f- East. : ■•■.•-' "
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All train* vestibuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Ktateler, aeent.
Fob Alutixg Hoarseness and Irritation
of the Thboat, use "Brovn's Bronchial Troche*."
25c a box. Avoid Imitations.
Ladies are greatly benefited by the use of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned Sooth.
American tonic.
NEW TO-PAY. '.^
REJOsfAfE
FOB SALE B¥
T&os. tape I Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
. l.MO\ TRUST BCIJ.DLY6, CORIE& IARKET.
Miscellaneous Investments— Blo,ooo to
, 650,000. .
Downtown brick building; rented to one tenant
for fifteen years at $235; 1% blocks north of Mar-
ket street; $36,000. ■
Near East- street and Market;. 7sxll9:6: two
fronts: rents $225; fine investment: only $40,000,
Clay street, near Davis; brick building; rents
$160; good frontage; only $28,000.
Rents $268 50: price, $28,000: 44 feet front;
Clay street, near Sansome; large lot and bnlldlng.
Downtown business investment: rents steady,
$450; $90,000; on a progressive street north ol
Market. . • . .
Muter st., at Grant aye., 25 ft. front, rents $155:
$29. £00. . ,
Geary st. corner, 28 ft. front, rents $123; nr.
Taylor st, ; $20,000.
Fine Investment on Geary St.: 50 ft. front and
buiidinc, ay 2 blocks from Market St., $51,500;
make offer.
- sutler st., north side, bet. Mason and Taylor,
22:6x80 to rear alley, and fine 3-story dwelling,'
15 rooms, in good order, rents $100; $17,500.
Geary st. business corner, nr. Taylor; rents
$142 50; $25,000.
City Hall lot. north side of Market St.; 25x100,
and brick Improvements; bringing small rental;
855,000. ...
Sacramento st.; rents $152 60; solid 3-story and
basement brick building; 2 stores and 15 rooms In
upper stories: east of Kearny; 44x69:«; $25,000.
$27,600; rents $175; Taylor, st., bet. Post and
Sutler* boardlnK-bouse, 42 rooms: large lot.'
■ Butter-st. business property, bet. Larkln and
Polk- 3-story; store below; rents *90; $13,600.
Sacramento St.; rents $100; 000; bet.
Kearny and Dupont; rented 10 Chinese firm who
have been there nearly 20 years: lot 26x137 :&
and good 2-story and basement brick.
a step from Maricet sU; rent $335; large lot and
brick building: $56,000. i ■' ■-■ ■••■•; ■
Business corner, Ninth and Howard sts.; 5 store*
and flats: rents $242: only $48,600; 100 on Ninth
by 61:6 on Howard. ; • - . . ■ ....
Ninth, bet. Market and Mission; 60x100:6:
frame building; *30,000. / : ....
Kourth-st. corner, renting for $225; $31,000.
Flrst-st. investment: new building; leased five
years; $175 a month; $10,000. ;. . v- - -
Third st., near Misslot; brick building, leased at
$145:5J2,&00. / — '- ■ .
steuan-st. corner, 457 front: rents under lease.
$142 50: 2-story frame building; $20,000. :
Howard St., bet. • New Montgomery and Third*
67:6x55 and three 2-story and basement brick-
buildings; rents $97:. 18,000. -
Corner, on Howard St., near Third: rents $133*
2 stores and flats; $lh,ooo. - * •■ * IJW>
A bargain: flO.OOC; rents $8.0- Main St., below
Folsom; 48x137:6: covered with 2-story build-
ings. f ■...-■ . -
Kentss274 50: fiie corner; Ellis and Hollls sts.'
00x126; covered frith 6 dwellings and 9 nearly
new flats: price asted $27,000, and offers wanted-
It Is an estate andiiust soon sell. r\ c ° n * ateu>
$30,000: rents $195; Polk st., near California-
-60X80; fine 3-slorv building; 'stores Jbelow and
rooming-house above. - ■ . .
Pace st. and Rtee aye., looking out to Market st.,
bet. Franklin ant Gough; 27:6x120, fmnUngbota .
streets; cottage Ind 2-story dwelling; *12,000.
m an corner 9 California st., beyond Laguna-
-53x80. and 3 2-story and planked basement
houses: In flnfct of order; $IBOJ just spent oa
them; rents $ l»0; price $17,500; always renud;
'I ' " ■'■■-->."■■.SATUEDAY MAY 9, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
JUtßwrx Thkatkr.— "The Strange Adventures
Of Miss Brown."
California Tbkatxk- Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Coi/cmjiia Thiatkb- "Faust"
Mobosco's Ofkra-Hoube— "Vlrginiua,"
1 itoij OvKBA-HorsK.~"Tb« Chimes ot Nor-
mandy. 1
' On r-HKUM— High-Class Vaudeville.
Tbk AuT>rTOßirM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
ureets— Prof. D. M. Brlstoll's Eqnes-Currlculum.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bench Show.
MacdoncushThkaticr (OAKi.4KD)-The Great
Zanilcs.
Odd Fkllowb' Hatx.— Lecture by Mrs. Abbott
Davidson.
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
Exhibition of Skktchxs— At 219 Butter St.,
on Monday, May 11.
S-itro Conky Island— Batting anrt Perform-
ances.
Shoot thk Cht-tes— Dally at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
1 aci* jc Coabt Jockey CtrJß.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! Fob thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary hi ursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Alt! Society will be
be d on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pane
El Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
frvt-ry Sunday.
Haywarps Park— Haywards— Choice Musical
Programme every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
BY F. T. Kkkim- This day (Satuday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. m.
By S. Basch— This day (Saturday), Bars. Back
Bars, eta, at 860 Kolsom street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan «fe Doyle— This day (Saturday),
horses, wagons, etc, at 220 Vale .cia street, at
11 o'clock.
By E. S. Spear 4 Co.— This day (Saturday),
Restaurant, at 31 and 33 Slitter St., at 10 o'clock.
By Easton & Kldrjdgk— Tuesday, May 12,
Real Estate, at 638 Market st-, at 12 o'clock noon.
By Easton & )• ldridok. — Tuesday, May 19,
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Kaup & Co.— Tuesday, May 12, Horses.
Harness, etc., at Mlesyard. corner van Ness aye.
and Market m.. at 11 o'clock.
By O'Farrki.lA Co.— Thursday, May 14. Real
J-'stiite, at 11 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By William J. Dixgkk— Saturday, May 16,
Real Estate, near Dwitfbt Way and Telegraph
avenne, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By 6hainwall>. BrcKBEE & Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Kf.ate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
tf mery street, v l<i o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The weather forecast for to-day is fair,
warmer at night with fresh winds.
A petition for final distribution has been
filed by the heirs of the late Kate Johnson.
Ten very interesting papers were read at
yesterday's session of the Woman's Congress.
The exhibition of the Guild of Arts and
Crafts opens at 219 Sutter street this evening.
The four-year term test case was argued and
submitted in Judge Seaweil's court yesterday.
The will of Jane Lord, leaving an estate
valued at $2250 to her sisters, has been filed
.for probate.
Judge Slack has refused to remove Frank
Schilling from the guardianship of Peter
Owen Matthews.
A white girl declares that she prefers to work
in a Chinese factory rather than be in the em
ploy of a white man.
The railroad time-cards are published in
The Call free of charge for the accommoda
tion of the reading public.
Thomas M. Kelly's will was filed yesterday.
He left (he entire estate, valued at $1100, to
various Catholic charities.
It is expeated that the new San Francisco
Postoffice will be constructed entirely of Cali
fornia materials and products.
Mayor Sutro charges the "octopus" with
starting the movement for a 2}£ cent fare
through the Richmond District.
An unexpected rise in Comstock stocks
caused the failure yesterday of Brokers Edgar
L. Atkinson and Charles P.H arris.
Wnite Lotus day was celebrated by a ceremony
of speech and song by the Tbeosoph ical Soci
ety last evening in Native Sons' Hall.
The Supreme Court has reversed Judge
Hebbartl's order directing the entry of a judg
ment ior $210,197 50 in the Hale & Norcross
case.
The Grand Jury yesterday indicted a crook,
and the court ordered the indictment on the
secret file pending the arrest of the person in
dicted.
A concert is to be given at Golden Gate Hall,
the 28th inst., by the Saturday Morning Or
chestra, to perpetuate a bed in the Children's
Hospital.
The Woman's Auxiliary of the Board of Mis
sions of California convened at St. Luke's
Episcopal Church yesterday morning and
afternoon.
Three favorites captured purses at Ingleside
yesterday. The winners were: Montgomery,
Lodestar, Schnitz, Peter 11, Wawona and
George Miller.
J. T. Flynn, the alleged father and murderer
of baby Browning, is beine examined before
Judge "Low. Some new and important testi
mony was elicited yesterday.
Henry N. Northrop, who pleaded guilty to
forging the name of Jesse D. Grant to a $125
check, was sentenced to seven years' imprison
ment by Judge Wallace yesterday.
Father Yorke lectured at Metropolitan Tem
ple last night on "Day-springs From on High."
The audience was even greater than at any of
the preceding lectures of the course.
Isaac W. Carpenter of the Trans-Mississippi
International Exposition Association is seek
ing to enlist the aid of California in that en
terprise. It will be held in Omaha, beginning
June, 1898.
Judge Seawell has rendered judgment in
favor of Dr. Blumenthal for $633 33 against
Frank Van Ness for services. This was one of
the debts to secure which the horse Morello
was attached.
Commander and Consul Booth-Tucker started
for the north last evening. A number of pro
motions were made among the officers at the
meeting yesterday morning. A plan is o n foot
for starting a Salvation Army farm for the un
employed.
In the suit of W. A. R. Loose against the
Stanford estate, to secure possession of the
mare Hlnda Rose, the Supreme Court has
affirmed the judgment of the lower court,
which said that when Stanford bought Beauti
ful Bells he bought her foal Hinda Rose.
Judge Coffey has denied the application of
the Public Administrator for control of the
$200,000 estate of Cornelius King and has
given letters testamentary to the two nephews
of the deceased, Daniel Kin? and James King.
Cornelius King was an eccentric old cooper
who died in this City some years ago.
David F. Van Pelt was adjudged guilty of
contempt of court by Judge Murphy yesterday,
for not paying his mother, Rachel Van Pelt,
the $35 a month maintenance allowed her.
He was ordered to pay the $240 he owes her
or go to jail, but a stay of proceedings was
allowed him in which to find the money.
DOCKERY IN SAN JOSE.
The Milk Inspector's Vlult Cawiei Four
Cows to Be Killed— Row With
Dairymen.
Milk Inspector Dockery has startled the
dairymen of Banta Clara County. He will
have none of the milk unless it be deliv
ered in the City and County of San Fran
cisco subject to the standard test.
The dairymen on the other band are
belligerent and have gone so far as to
threaten legal proceedings against the
Health Officers of San Francisco.
Dockery went to San Jose on the early
mornintr train Thursday. While the peo
pje of that city were engrossed with the
carnival he visited the slaughter-houses
and some dairies. This made the dairy
men angry and they threatened to sue the
health officials.
A consultation was held with Dr. H. A.
Spencer with the result that Dockery an
nounced that he would not let milk from
Hanta Clara County ihto San Francisco
unless it were submitted to terts. Dr.
Bpencer said that he woild not allow the
dairymen to sell milk in San Jose wherever
tubercujosis was present in the cows.
Cows affected with tiberculosis were
found by Pockery and Dr. Spencer, who
killed four cows and a sick bull.
Dockery stated last night that he would
not admit milk from any county into San
Francisco without a test.
There are 13,846 juveniles in the re
' formatories ol the United Skates.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MARKET STREET
TROLLEY CARS,
Cable to Be Supplanted by
the Rosenholz
System.
AN ECONOMIC METHOD.
No Loss of Power and Every
thing Out of Sight and
Sound.
SWITCHING OF THE CTJKRENT.
Negotiations Pending With Promi
nent Cable Companies in New
York and Chicago.
The electrical device for an underground
trolley just perfected by Alfred Rosen bolz
of this City seems destined to revolutionize
tne electric street railway systems of the
Vnited States.
The inventor, Mr. Rosenholz, being a
resident of San Francisco, naturally gave
the Market-street Railway Company the
first opportuuity for using the patent on
its numerous lines, but since then some
of the wealthiest street railway corpora
tions of the East have been bidding for
the new device. Notably among them are
a cable company of Chicago operating 150
miles of cable tracks in the windy city,
a company of Buffalo, N. V., and a promi
nent corporation of New York City.
There are a few underground trolley
systems now in operation in some of the
Eastern cities, but they have proved so
expensive that in many instances the over
head trolley has been substituted.
Therein lies the inevitable success of the
Rosenholz system. The expense is re
duced to the minimum over both the
present overhead trolley and the under
ground wire. The result is accomplished
in the simplest manner, as will appear
from a perusal of the folio wine detailed
and technical description: The under
ground trolley wire operates in sections.
After the car passes over a section the
current is shut off in that particular sec
tion by an automatic device and is not on
until the next car strikes it. It will be
seen from this that the electric current is
The Two Diagrams Show the Lateral and Longitudinal Sections of the Underground Trolley- Wire;
"X" the Wheel Connecting the Car-Motor With the Trolley ; "B" the Arm and Weight Controlling
Wire and Switch ; "C" the Position of the Trolley Between Sections.
utilized only in that section of the trolley
over whicu the car is passing at the time.
With the present overnead and under
ground systems the current is perpetual —
constant; no laving of power can possibly
be made.
It can easily be applied to the tunnel or
conduit of any cable road, the trolley wire
displacing thecable and being attached to
automatic eUctric switches placed at
proper distances within the conduit.
These switches, which are hermetically
sealed and absolutely watertight, are at
tached to the insulated main feed wire,
and when in their normal position cut off
the current to the trolley wire. When the
trolley, which Is placed beneath the car,
depresses a switch the current passes
along a short section of the trolley wire
and the switch is held in its temporarily
depressed position by an electrc-raaenet
inclosed within it, until the next switch is
reached and similarly depressed, and so
on for the entiK length of the line.
This iugenitus and effective arrange
ment perfectly eliminates "sparking" and
renders a road bo equipped ultra economi
cal, as the trolfey wire is not charged with
electricity except when a car passes along
and depresses a switch, when, as before
stated, a sborttsection only is "alive,' 1 and
then merely for a few seconds.
This effectually prevents the enormous
waste of powerso disastrous to the finan
cial success of other underground trolley
lines and will |ermit of the profitable run
ning of roads when with any other system
of operation such would be impossible.
Through thk excellent insulation ob
tained in thiß jsystem, which Mr. Rosen
holz has brouf&t down to practical perfec
tion, a much higher voltage can be used
than heretofoe, resulting in the saving of
much weight Ji copper-wiring, which is a
large item of <ost in the equipping of elec
tric railways. Very ingenious and practi
cal methods for attaining his purposes
have been us«d by Mr. Rosenholz as can
be seen by thl manner in which he pre
vents waste & power at points where the
conduit migjt become flooded with water
and clogged frith the refuse of the street.
It can easily be seen that the overhead
trolley wire.which is constantly charged
with electricity, cannot be nearly so econ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
The American Ship Elwell Which Has Again Broken the Record for a Round Trip to Nanaimo, B. C. She
Beat the Bark Wilna's Time by Nine Hours.
omical to operate as the practical switch
system herein explained. In fact, over
head electric wires are already doomed.
The authorities at Washington (D. C),
New York and Boston have ordered them
j removed, as they have become an intolera
ble nuisance in those cities. Ordinary un
derground trolley systems, so tar as their •.
actually doing the work is concerned, are i
now being successfully operated in the j
East and in Europe, but the mere placing j
of tne crude and unprotected live trolley
wire in a damp conduit is even less econ
omical than the overhead wire, as the sup
porting insulators, being subjected to a
constant strain and under unfavorable
climatic conditions must cause a great loss
of power every twenty-four hours and
greatly increase" the consumption of fuel
at the" power-house.
The method of Mr. Rosenholz, permit
ting only of the sectional and temporary
charging of the trolley wire, promises a
speedy revolution in the construction and
operation of electric roads.
E. H. Poehiman, who represents Mr.
I Rosenholz, said: "The Market-street
) Railway Company had the first call on the
patent, and has it yet, for that matter,
I and the system would be in operation now
were it not for certain obstacles. What
I are those obstacles? The overhead trolley
lines which the company has already
established. The company is afraid that
when the underground trolley is put in on
Market, Haight, Hayes, McAllister and
some of the other streets the property
owners along the line of the overhead
trolleys will make a demand for the new
system.
"Of course that would involve a great
expense, in addition to that which the
company has already incurred in chang
ing certain cable lines to the electric
system. •
"But they are bound to come to it in a
few months. The saving is something
surprising. Say the cars are ten minutes
apart, the current is on between each one
of tho switches only five seconds — that is
10 say rive seconds every ten minutes,
while the current is continuous with the
overhead trolley. In rainy weather, too,
there is a saving of 15 per cent in fuel at
the Dower-hpuse.
"Negotiations are now under way with
a cable company in Chicago operating 150
miles of road, and with companies in New
York and Buffalo. That, however, does
not interfere with the Market-street Com
pany. It has v grip on the patent anJ a
rieht to use it on the lines in this City,
and Market street is all ready to receive it.
It Leads Thoin All.
The following live editorials, among
others, will be found in this week's San
Francisco News Letter: "The Woman
Suffrage Amendment," "The A. P. A. in
Politics," "The Republican Convention,"
"The Latest on the Funding Bill," Super
visors and Their Methods." "Pleasure's
Wand" department is as bright in theatri
cal gossip as ever, and new blood has been
infused into many of the other depart
ments. The Picturesque San Francisco
series issued regularly by this up-to-date
journal consists this week ol a beautiful
marine view looking out of the Golden
Gate*
Captain Johnson Kxonerated.
United States Inspectors Talbot and Phillips
completed their examination into the causes
which led up to the steamer Point Arena go
ing on the rocks in Point Arena Bay some days
ago. The commission found that the steamer
Point Arena fouled one of her cables on the
Whitesboro, in port at the time, and that
Captain Johnson was m no way to blame for
the accident.
A Storekeeper's Troubled.
J. Jungers was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of obtaining money un
der false pretenses. He sold a store on Polk
street to a man named Jones. The latter
found the daily receipts did not approximate
the figure guaranteed by Jungers, hence the
> arrest.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Another Record for the Trip to
Nanaimo, B. C, and Back
Broken.
THE ELWELL WINS AGAIN.
Graduating Doctors Had a Most
Pleasant Excursion Around
the Bay.
Another round-trip record between here
and Nanaimo. B. C, has been broken.
The ship Elwell made the double run from
anchorage to anchorage in 15 days 21
hours. She left here on April 22 last and
made the run to Puget Sound in six days.
Her ballast was then discharged and she
took in 2400 tons of coal. She was off the
Mendocino coast last Wednesday at noon
and at 4 p. M. last Friday was reported
frornl Point Reyes. She was hove-to oft
the whistling buoy for rine hours, and
although expected in Friday night did not
arrive until yesterday morning.
The Eiwell has been making good round
trips for some time past. She has lowered
her record on half a dozen occasions and
Captain C. Ryder is now over $600 ahead
in bonuses. On her last round trip the
Wilna made it in 16 days 6 hours and
broke the record. Captain Ryder deter- I
mined not to be beaten, and he has now
net a mark that will take a long time to
lower.
The whaleback City of Everett got in
yesterday after a run of ninety-one hours
from Puget Sound. From Cape Flattery
to within 200 miles of port a heavy south
west swell was encountered and on sev
eral occasions the vessel rolled her rails
under w ater. Tne Everett is one of the
steadiest vessels that comes into this port,
so the weather must have been pretty
heavy that caused her to roll rail under.
Cbief Officer James S. Gibson has retired
from the Everett and his place has been
taken by Captain J. B. Hastings. Mr.
Gibson has gone into the lumber business
on Vancouver Island. Among the pas
sengers on the steamer was Herman
Mahrer of Vancouver, B. C. He has never
been to San Francisco in his life before
and he is just down on a visit to see what
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast is like.
The Fish Commissioners' steamer Alba
tross sailed for the Santa Barbara channel
yesterday. During the trial trip of the
Oregon she will be used as a stake boat,
and when that service is over she will go
direct to Bering Sea. All the trial board
will be on board the battle-ship to-night,
and at nigh water in the morning she will
start for tbe proving ground. Of course,
if the present Heavy westerly swell con
tinues and the bar is breaking, she will
not attempt to go out, as the contractors
will take no risks.
The report of heavy weather on the
coast is borne out by the report of the
captain of the steamer Coos Bay. She was
nearly thirty-six hours late, and at times
she foiled "the passengers out of their
bunks. There was one cabin and three
steerage passengers, and they all say it
was the roughest passage they ever had.
It rolled the ink out of tbe bottles and
ruined half tbe purser's manifests, so if
the Oregon goes out this morning there
will be a good test of her sea-going quali
ties.
The Rufus E. Wood, with a load of coal
for the Dunsmuirs, attempted to dock at
Folsom 2 yesterday. She stuck in the
mud when a few feet from the wharf and
had to WBit for the next tide before she
could get up to the bunkers.
The stock of Australian coal is very low
in thjs market and the chances are that in
a few weeks it will be completely exhausted.
There is a strike on in the Newcastle col
lieries and vessels are leaving there every
day in ballast. The Golden Snore, Pal
myra, Sewsboy, Sonoma and Harvester are
now on their way either to Honolulu to
load sugar or to Puget Sound to load
lumber. Only one American vessel is
likely to get a load and that is the Colusa.
She is under charter and will simply lie at
the wharf claiming demurrage until the
cargo is put aboard.
The young doctors who graduated from
the California Medical College last week
gave an excursion around the bay to their
friends and relatives on the steamer Caro
line yesterday in honor of the occasion.
The hosts were:
Drs. S. G. Bransford, Rose McGeoch, Blanche
Bolton, C. F. Gladding, F. Wallice, E. E. Hicks.
A. Neal, A. Bond, E. Couper, G. D. Pratt. H.
Fuetis, R. A. Cranston, L. Francis, G. W. Bry
ant, T. O. McSwain, R. F. Scott, G. E. Hall, J. A.
Born.
Guests— Dr. H. L. Dietz. Dr. B. Peery, Dr. G.
L. Coaies Mrs. C. F. Gladding. Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Hay wood, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hay wood,
Fred Easton, Miss Magpie Easton, Mrs. Bertha
Hubbard, Mrs. J. J. Van Eaton, Miss Jennie
Corbett.Miss Maggie Robbereon, Miss A.Stewart,
Miss M. Brown, Dr. F. N. Folsome, Dr. Tisdale,
Dr. E. H. Merser, Dr. E. Lake, C. E. Curdts, Dr.
Fearn, Dr. Victory Derrick, Dr. Hunsaker, Dr.
\V. O. Wilcox. Dr. Frank Cornwall, Dr. M. H.
Logan. Dr. D. Maclean, Dr. Bainbridge, Dr. C.
N. Miller, Gona J. Yenenimie, F. J. Cranston,
Effie Urquhardt, Miss C. W. Francis, Miss E.
Lawton, Dr. M. M. Enos, Dr. \V. M. Byrns, Miss
Cißra Byrns, Dr. F. Thomas, Dr. E. A. Ormsby,
S. G. Maclean. F. C. Maclean, A. F. Temple, L.
V. Day, Mrs. Dr. L. F. Herrick. Miss Ira Her
rick. Mrs. W. D. Coates, M. B. Boliou, Miss Bes
sie Brown, Miss Mabel Hughes, Miss Frances
Raberge, E. Bond, Miss Ida Sherwood, Mrs.
.1. W. Cavanaugh, Miss Bertha Dietz, D. G. A.
J. Schueer, Miss Vera Hamilton, Dr. C. R.
Holsman. Mrs. M. Holsman, Dr. J. A. Kuyken
dall. Miss V. S. Bransford, J. Banford, Miss N.
Dickie.
President Colnon of the Harbor Com
mission is determined to have cvii service
in full swing on the water front before he
leaves office. As a move in the right
direction he intends having a resolution
introduced at the next Legislature which
will put the new rule in force. There is
no intention of making a continuous job
for Democrats, as President Colnon in
tends to make the resolution read that
half the appointees shall be Republicans
and half Democrats. "It is the only way
in which we can reduce the taxation on
shipping," said Mr. Colnon yesterday.
"At the present time the expenses for
whartineers and collectors is too heavy,
and while I am satisfied that they are all
most efficient men still I think we could
do with a less number. It will cost a mil
lion to finish the seawall, and we are pay
ing interest on the $600,000 for the ferry. In
order to make a saving and reduce ship
ping rates then we must begin with civil
service reform."
LIFE AT THE CHUTES.
Japanese Parachutes to Be Given Away
There To-Day.
The chntes will be reopened this after
noon after being shut down for five days,
during which time the extensive improve
-1 ments long contemplated on the grounds
have been inaugurated. The scenic rail
way, whicli is to be nearly iwo-thirds of a
mile long, is springing up in sections, and
advantage has been taken o: the closing to
••wash the water."
To-day all the children attending will be
presented with a Japanese parachute,
which created such a sensation among the
little ones on Mayday.
To-morrow a brand new balloon will be
launched for the first time, with appropri
ate ceremonies. It will be christened
"Chutes," and its first passenger will be
Miss Lelia Adair.
Wants Half.
William Gaidby Toland, by his guardian,
Samuel M. Shortridgc, has filed an opposition
to the will of Mary B. Tolaud, in which she
leaves almost all of htr estate to her son, Hugo
Toland. The contestant is a son of Charles
Toland, deceased, and a grandson of the testa
trix. He asks for half the estate.
NEW TO-DAY.
wj^^^^p^w Wherever you
v^^^M^^ spend your va-
can * °n y° v
"ffiHMfßßw- want to wear
f??3"Wi -neatest and
Mm 10!- niostup-to-date
J^. out i n g and
X^Wy^W Percale Shirts.
$1 r; P ut T Oll don't
f?u\&^s/!r ; * want to♦ pa y
imrf^ : STANDARD SHIRTS
}^>s&/XPcS)\ • " * tn &R tne above con-
i . - ; '; ditions.'K>Tney are
v"^>si{[ff\\^ c\ made of better ma-
; ; Y^^jiy^ terial than- most
vvO^?=^?' :> shirts, and they are
■^ ;•; ; "■'■■ • •'.- made here in -, San
KS^y Francisco.
•32 **&*% 32 I
Pages Pages
SOME FEATURES I
OF THK
SUNDAY CALL.
May 10, 1896. I
The Bachelor Maids of Monterey :l
How the Pleiades Are Domiciled H
in a Historic Adobe. H
Th« Great Dockyards of Europe, H
BY LIEUTENANT W. R. HAMILTON, V. S. A ■
How George^ Francis Train Held Up I
l?-;? 3. the German Mail. H
San Franc'soo Art Students Who
Have Become Famous. I
Colonel Warren's Old Curiosity-Shop. l
Suggestions to Youner Athletes, H
BY GEORGE D. BAIRD. ■
The Oldest Stage-Coach in California.
On the Care of the Horses* Feet, H
BY MISS RUSSELL. ■
Judge Huse and His Friend Gallardo: l
The Story of a Man's Fruitless I
Fieht for Freedom. ; :/.i '
Some Peculiarities of English News-
papers,
BY W. C. MORROW.
Novelties in the Realms of Science,
Literature and Art.
New Books Intelligently Reviewed.
t
The Latest Fashion Gossip for Women
and Men.
What Is Going On in Society.
Many Other Good Things May Be
Found in the "Sunday Call."
It Can Be Bought Wherever News-
papers Are Sold.
'"THE CALL' SPEAKS FOR ALL."
••BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STERLING
BIOYCXjBS.
WHEELS and palmeb TIRES guaran-
TV teed for one year. Price 9100. IS you want
to know more about The Sterling send for our Art
Catalogue. Mailed free.
SI ERLINQ CYCLE WORKS,
314 POST STREET. San Francisco.
nil re ITCHING PILES
r\ tosWAriiF«
■ Slaßßan^r MNTMtIIT
absolutely CmBKS. win i wish i
SYMPTOMS— Molrtnret latent* Itching and
* tinstn|t! most at nl«hi; war He bjifwhinj. If
allowed to continue tumors form and pro trade,
which often bleed »md ulcerate, becoming very
SWATHE'S or>TMEXT .too* the ttcht «
and bleed Ins, henls ration, and In mNt(tm
remove* the tumor*. Aik toot Dnmtit for it. .
NEW AMUSEMENTS. _
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Kbkicstinb Kbkli.s-8, Proprietor * Manager
LAST NIGHTS
Of Flanquette's Romantic Opera,
"THE CHIMES OF SORMIIJDT"
NEXT WEEK—
Anber's Tuneful Opera, '
• *1*3E1..A. DIAVOIiO I"
LOCK OUT FOR
I "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
H . The Favorite Story in an Operatic Setting.
I Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
I MECHANICS' PAVILION.
I May 6, 7, 8 and 9.
I PACIFIC KENNEL CLUB'S
I ANNUAL BENCH SHOW
I DOGS!
The Best Exhibit of High-Class
H Dogs Ever Shown.
H Admission, 50c. Children, 25c.
SHOOT THE CHUTES I
■ TO-DAY lr TO-DAY 1
■ Free Parachutes for the Children !
I Snnd:ty Afternoon Launching of the
■ Monster Mew Airship . ,
I i :.: ■ ;';^di[tjTEs » \. .
lAnd Parachute Drop by '■
M MISS LEILA AD AIR I
The 7000-Foot Jumper.
H Admission 10c. Children sc.
I ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
; . > "r ' ■ : Corner of Seventh and Market Sts. <:
■LECTURE ,BY MRS. ABBOTT DAVIDSON.
■ Subject, "WHAT HE WAS- AFRAID OF. 1
I Key to the Brown-Davidson church scandal.
■ SATURDAY EVENING, MAY. 9.
I Admission, with reserved seat, 3&c; extra re-
■ served, 25c and 50c ''^BflS
NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
fRItDLAfiDtIIGOTTIQD* ©• uijea AajnAnAfltltt— " '
, FIRST "FAUST
GRAND JATIIE
THIS SATURDAY AFTERNOON. ;
A DOUBLE BILL !
MORRISON'S SPLENDID COMPANY
— in —
"FAUSTI"
AND THOSE FAMOUS
MARIM BA^T
Weird! Wonderful! Beautiful!
Bewitching Musio !
RESERVED SEATO— 2Sc, SOc and 75c.
ALHA? MAN W5 THEATERS
ESTOP SEATS^2Se, 50c and 75e.
I HAYMAN SCO'S THEATERS
I hat the al I EVERY NIGHT,
PALDWIK mm
The Comedian, THE STRANGE
EDDIE ADVENTURES
FOY OF MISS BROWN
• Management of WJVI. A. BRADY. .
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
May 18— REHAN-DALY CO.'S SEASON.
I/i A at the .. I First Matinee
CALIFORNIA ToDay.
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
Bid MINSTRELS.
4 0 WHITES— 3O BLACKS— 7O IN ALL
3 BIG BRASS BANDS.
Next Monday— 2d and Last Week
ENTIRE CHANGE FROM START TO
FINISH, INCLUDING THE
GRAND PRIZE CARE WALK!
MOROSCO'S V
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America. .
WALTtK MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and ManagM
THIS EVENIJN'O AT EIGHT,
America's Leading Tragedian,
— -EDMUND K. COLLIER
Supported by a Selected Cast from Our Own
Company, in a Superb Production of
"VXROINTGrS
SvjßMjJra Pbickj— 2so ana 51*
family Circle and Gallerr. 100.
tlsnnl Matinee* Saturday ana Sunrlar.
%$($&$&»
O'Farretl Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), May 9.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
OUR Off* 81AGJSIHCEI AND E.ITIRE NEW CO. '
Imported Direct from Europe and the East, i
J. W. RANSOKK, CAKR AND JORDAN,
MORTON AND MACK, CHARLOTTE PARKY,
THE MIMIC FOUR, 3— THE NIGHTONS— 3
And a Long List of Celebrities.
fRItDLANDER'GOTTLCB&C 0 , LESSEES aAfkNAOJ* )
I The Sensation of the - I ay !
BRISTOL'S :-: HORSE :-: SHOW!
Marvelous, Amazing. 30 Wonderfully Educated
Horses, Ponies and Mules,
Reserved Seat* — 15c. 15c and sOc.
Matinee* Saturday and Minday.
~:'.;.-. Children at the -Matinee. 10c , .
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Professor Hermann and Anna Eva Fay outdone.
TO-NIGHT ami SUNDAY EVENING farewell
performance. THE GREAT ZANCJCS, the Whit*
Mahatmas. Prices— 2sc, 35c and 50c.
SUTRQ BATHS.
REALISTIC RFP RESENT ATION ,
BY THE SURVIVORS OF THE
BURNING - SHIP REPUBLIC
OF THEIR HEROIC RESCUE
' ....8Y....
•v: SHIP HOLLINWOOD,
150 MILES "WEST OF THIS PORT.
. Both vessels correctly shown In the water.
THE ILL-FATED SHIP ON FIRE.
TAKING TO THE LIFEBOATS.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY", AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
May 9 and 10. - :%',-:;;
GENERAL ADMISSION:
ADULTS 10c. . CHILDREN Sc.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
• OP ART,
Cor. California and Mason streets.
: The Annual Spring: Exhibition, ■
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples in plastic art, is now
open daily from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., including San-
days. Organ Recitals Sunday afternoons - from 3
to 4. ' Admission '25c. '.
Concerts livery '■ hurgday Evening.
. Admission 50c. .
GUILD OF ARTS AND CRAFTS
EXHIBITION OF SKETCHES! ',
219 Sutter Street,
MAY 11 to 17 NCLUSIVii,
■ 10 a. M. to SP. St., 7:30 to 10:30 p. H.
ADMISSION — 25 CISNTa
Opening Evening, May 9.
- ** Admission 50 Cents.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Inglegide Track). ; .
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
■ (RAIN OK SHINE.)
■ FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
I ADMISSION SI.OO.
H Take Southern Pacltic trains at Third and Town-
I send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. x.
H Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
I itand, $1. Take Mlssion-streac electric lino dlreos
to track.
I A. B. SPRECKELa W. a LEAKS, .
M* President. Secretary.
I . PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
I EL CAMPO,
H THE POPULAR BAY RESORT, :
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
I Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing and
Other amusements. ~ Refreshments at city prices.
■ Fare, round trip, '25c; children 15c; including ad-
mission to the grounds. , • ;.;>
■ THE i STEAMER UKIAH . '
■ Will leave Tlburon Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 P. »C
■'2 and 4 p.m. ' Returning leave El Campo 11:15
■▲. m., 1, 3 and sp. m.' ■ . i.'.'.'^d-.:-
I TO-MORROW — SUNDAY,
I HAY WARDS PARK,
H Between 13 and 5 P. M.,
I A . CHOICE MUSICAL PROGRAMME '-
H Will Be Rendered by an Orchestra of Talented
■ ■".; SOLOISTS.
I The Oakland, San Leandro and Hay wards Elec-
tric | Railway, Consolidated, - connects with every
■broad-gauge local at Fruit vale station. : Take ferry
■at foot of Market street, leaving on . every o vta
hour and half hour. ■■ ---;-,;'
78
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The roads in the country are now m ex
cellent condition for bicycling, and a num
ber of riders will take advantage of an
outing to-morrow.
The sportsmen who are interested in
target shooting will assemble at the Oak
land racetrack to-morrow, where a num
ber of clay bird races will be held.
The anglers hope to meet with good
success to-morrow, as tbe streams are in
good condition, the result of a recent spell
of fine weather.
There will be some good coursing at
Ingleside park to-morrow.
In handball circles the match for the
championship of the coast between
Riordan ana Harlow is the principal
topic.
Rifle shooting, rowing, cricket and all
round atliletics are being well patronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Races at San Jose To-Day Will
Be a Great Attraction.
Track racing for 1896 has begun in earn
est, and from now on there will be race
J. F. Morris, Pest President of the San
Francisco Koad Club.
meets at short intervals. It is proposed to
hold a meet every Saturday afternoon and
evening on the new track at Central Park
and the racers are already beginning to
talk about the great league meet to be held
in Potaluma on July 4 and 5.
To-day the best of the National circuit
meets thus far held will be conducted by
the Garden City Cyclers at San Jose, and
the entry list, already published in The
Call, shows the names of some of the
fastest riders in the State. In the profes
sional events particularly the races and
iiniahes are expected to be exceedingly
close and desperate, as the men fighting
for money prizes do so with a great deal
more spirit than when the trophies were
second-class diamonds and uncertain jew
elry.
Most of the riders and visitors from this
City who intend going to San Jose will
take either tbe 8:15 or 10:40 A. m. broad
gauge trains this morning, the trip taking
two hours. The railroad has made a
round-trip excursion fare of $1 70 for the
trip, good on all trains until Monday,
the 11th.
Next week there are two particular
events in which the wheelmen will take
interest. First conies the Olympic Cyclers'
entertainment, dance and minstrel show,
to be held at Native Sons' Hali Thursday
evening. The Cyclers are one of the most
popular wheeling clubs in the City, and
from far and near their friends will come
to join with them in the merry time to be
had Thursday evening. It goes without
Baying that the entertainment will be par
excellence, as the club contains many tal
ented amateurs and can have the pick of
the best in the City, and the dance, which
will be made the feature of the evening,
will commence early and end early— in the
morning.
Saturday the National circuit riders will
contest on the Central Park track. The
earne men who will ride to-day at San Jose
will compete there next week, so that those
who cannot spare the time to make the
San Jose trip to-day have yet a chance of
peeing some of this exciting sport right at
home. The San Francisco wheelmen
should support the new track liberally as
it has been greatly needed and will help
the sport and trade here materially.
R. M. Welch, member of the National
Racing Board in California, has issued
another of his interesting bulletins as fol
lows:
* BULLETIN NO. 9.
Saw Francisco, May 8, 1896.
Sanctions granted— May 12, Garden City Cy
cling Club, Missoula, Mont.; May 20, the
Butchers' Board of Trade, Oakland, Cal.;
Steams team to make private record trials at
San Jose, Cal., May 6 to 15, inclusive.
Transferred to professional class — Russell
Cusbing, Sau Jose, own request; H. F. Terrill
of San Francisco, C. L. Davis of San Jose, W. J
Evans of Santa Monica, under clause A.
Suspended— H. F. Terrill, San Francisco, un
der truck rule 15. H. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
The suspension of Harry Terrill of the
Bay City Wheelmen by the racing board
is for the non-payment of a fine of $20
levied upon him by Referee Plummer at
the Santa Rosa races last Saturday. Ter
rill feels that the action of the referee was
hardly called for and declares be will not
pay the penalty. The whole trouble is as
follows^ The referee placed a time limit
on all fbe scratch events to prevent the
riders from loafing. In some cases where
the limit was exceeded by a second or two
he overlooked it, as it was evident that the
•men obeyed the spirit of the rule if not the
letter. But in one instance where the
limit was exceeded some twenty seconds,
and the race was palpably a "loaf," he dis
qualified the men in that heat and would
not allow them to ride in the final. Ter
rill iB then reported to have told Plnmmer,
in a voice loud enough for every one
around to hear, that he was a "bum" ref
eree and was showing favoritism, where
upon he was at once fined $20, a power
given the referee under the new racing
rules. This is the first instance of the
kind on record and the outcome will be
awaited with interest.
W. C. Brode of the Bay City Wheelmen
has returned from a trip to Los Angeles.
George Andrews, Emil Languetin and
Robert Reed, of the same club, left Thurs
day night to ride to Angels Camp, Cala
veras County, where they will visit the
TJtica mine and other points of interest,
returning next week.
The Camera Club Cyclists held their an
nual meeting last Thursday evening. The
report of the officers showed the club to be
in a prosperous condition. The election
of officers resulted as follows: Charles A.
Adams, president; Mrs. H. C. Cantwell,
vice-president; H. C. Owens, secretary; H
C. Cantwell, treasurer; J. J. B. Argenti
captain ; Walter N. Brunt, first lieutenant ;
A. G. MacFarland, second lieutenant The
president and captain succeeded them
eelves in office as their tenure of office
during the past term had been particu
larly satisfactory to the members. After
the business of the meeting was concluded
the ladies and gentlemen of the club en
joyed a game of progressive euchre and
some light refreshments.
H. yon der Leith of the Golden
City Wheelmen desires a companion
for a- wheeling trip to Los Ange
les, to follow the route laid out
in tbe League of American Wheel
men's road oook. His address is corner of
l'owell and Broadway, City. A Mr. tfrit
tain of Lios An.ele*, who recently made
the trip from that point to here, says that
the league book is particularly accurate
over that part of the State, and as the
roads are all fair the trip is most enjoya
ble if taken leisurely.
The American Wheelman, the leading
weekly cycling journal of the East, pub
lished in New York City, will begin the
publication of a daily cycling paper there
on May 24. In the prospectus it is stated
that there are to-day over 100,000 cyclists
in the metropolitan district, and more
than three million in the United States,
and even these figures are said to be con
servative estimates.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will give
an entertainment and dance at Mission
Parlor Hall, Saturday evening, May 23,
for wi.ich invitations have just been issued
and may be secured from any of the mem
bers.
The Citrus Wheelmen of Los Angeles
have opened quarters at Santa Monica,
and I am in receipt of an invitation to at
tend their "house-warming" Sunday, May
10, at 11 a. m. The club is probably the
most prosperous organization in the south,
and with their new home by the sea and
contiguous to the great Santa Moniua race
track the members will be well cared for.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen have two
runs called for to-day and to-morrow. A
party will co down to San Jose this morn
ing under Lieutenant Plagemann, leaving
on the 7:30 a. m. broad-gauge boat, to
see the Garden City Cyclers" races. To
morrow's run will be to the same point to
witness the shoot between teams from the
Olympic Gun Club and Garden City Cy
clers, leaving on the Ba. m. boat. A week
from to-morrow the wheelmen will have a
joint run with the Acme Club Wheelmen
of Oakland, and Captains Fawcett and
Swain are now arranging the details.
I am in receipt of a very newsy letter
from R. P. Aylward, the manager of Otto
Zieeler Jr., the crack racer, and it contains
so much of interest I will give it in full:
LorisviLLE, Ky., May 1, 1896.
My Dear Spalding: Here we are at work
again and a ruore pieasam place for condition
ing could not be found. San Jose is no com
parison. The pnrk and surroundings offer
attractions enough to keep the boys on the
ground all the time and they seldom po np
town, thereby getting better results from their
track work. The track is an elegant three-lap
cement surface ana resembles that of the
Garden City Cyclers, only the stretches are
longer.
We will remain here until Otto is in the very
best condition, and it may be late in June
before we take up the circuit. In the mean- |
time we will take in several of the meets not
on the circuit. Cincinnati gives a meet on the
9th in«t., also on the ltith. Many of the boya
Will take these in.
Cooper, who has been training here, has re-
J. Otis Fellows (Uncle l>fck), Judge of All Classes at the Los Angeles Dog Show,
and Who Win Also Judge the Oakland Show.
moved to Cincinnati. Bald, Gardiner, Ziegler
and many of the others will remain until a day
or so before the Cincinnati meet and will
return here after it is over.
1 have been giving Otto all unpaced work up
to the present writing, and will now put him
in with Gardiner to ride together. He has
been ridine very strong unpaced, and this
wort will enable nim to ride a good handicnp
race. It is my opinion that handicap races
will be the feature of the '96 circuit, so I am
preparing him for them. There is tome talk
of dropping the paced race, and. if this should
be the case, he will be bettered by doing this
unpaced work. Otto is taking excellent care
of himself and will make a lively competitor
for any one on the Natinnnl circuit. He and
Gardiner are very much 'he favorites here in
Louisville. This is probably due to the good
w ork they did when after records last fall.
Gardiner is also riding well and will be one
of the crowd to compete at Cincinnati. In
build be greatly resembles Allan Jones, and
has about the same tactics and style of riding.
Hardly an effort is shown even while doing a
sprint.
Bald has just begun training, and is doing
unpaced work altogether. Homer Fairmon,
the long-distance crack, is here under the in
structions of the veteran trainer, John West,
who is preparing him for his match races with
Lawson, the "terrible Swede."
Pat O'Connor is also in training here, and
will compete with the "pros." on the circuit.
Yours sincerely, R. p. aylwaed.
The San Francisco Road Club installed
its newly elected officers last Tuesday
evening. Ex-President Sands introduced
the new presiding officer, O. R. Sterling
and the retiring officer, I. P. Morris, was
heartlljr commended for the interest he has
taken in the clab and the work he lias
done for it during his term of office. Can
tain Pixley, who was re-elected unani
mously, has not called a run for to-mor
row, us most of the members will attend
the races at San Jose to-day and stay over
Sunday. Spalding.
ATHLETIC.
Death of a Prominent Athlete— The
Boxing Craze Has Arrived.
The Olympic Club lost one or Its
stanchest members yesterday morning.
Frank G. Phillips, who held the title of
amateur champion middle and heavy
weight wrestler of the Pacific Coast, died
at his home, 1943 Howard street, of pneu
monia. Tbe young athlete was ailing
only a few days. He contracted a severe
cold, which developed into pneumonia,
that quickly brought his life on this earth
to an end. Phillips won tbe amateur
wrestling championship on the 21st of
March last at the Olympic Club by defeat
ing every athlete he competed against.
Professor Miehiing, the wrestling in
structor, predicted a very brilliant future
for young Phillips. Tue deceased was 21
years of asre.
James Williams, the champion heavy
weight pugilist of Jtaa, is anxious to meet
Tom Sharkey in a ten-round contest in
this City. The National Club may secure
the match. Sharkey is considering a re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
turn match with Choynski. The sailor
seems to be in big demand about this time
by the many managers who have secured
permits for the holding of boxing exhibi
tions. .
It is sail that Eddie Graney, Young
Mitchell and the manager of the Peoples
Palace are looking for fighters. The old
time boxing craze is evidently here, and
everything pugilistically will go along
swimmingly for a short time, when the
"cooks" will get to quarreling, and that
will end the game of fisticuffs*
It was reported yesterday that "Fatty"
Blodes, "Spider" Kelly and many other
"prominent citizens" were in hopes of se
curing permits for boxing exhibitions.
The Olympic, Club is making arrange
ments to hold another boxing tournament
on August 15.
m
COURSING.
The Interstate Club Will Hold Two
Days' Meeting at Ingleslde.
The Interstate Coursing Ciub is making
extensive preparations fora grand inclosed
meeting, which will be held at lngleside
Park on May 30 and 31.
The ground is in magnificent condition
for coursinc, ami the hares, which have
become thoroughly familiar with the park,
will certainly make the grass fly in front
of the fleetest of their pursuers. Ingle
side Park is an ideal spot lor coursing.
The spectator who is comfortably seated
in the grand stand can see every twist and
turn of a race from start to finish. It must
be remembered that the best of order is
maintained at meetings held under the
auspices of the Interstate Club, and for
this reason large numbers of ladies are
always present to witness the racing and
enjoy the sport of kings.
A 64-dog stake at $5 a dog, to which
the club will add $100, will be the
feature of greatest interest on this near
future occasion. A puppy stake at $5
each, with an added $25, will also be run.
It can be safely said that any person who
is desirous of witnessing a first-class two
days' outing, where the very best of de
corum is observed, should not miss the
next coursing meeting of the Interstate
Clnb.
John Grace, the prince of coursinp
judges, will be in the saddle on the two
days of the meeting and J. F. Grace, the
crack pedestrian, will handle the slips.
At the opening of the Insleside track on
the 3d inst. there were fully two thousand
people present, and it is expected that
twice that number will witness the inter
state coursing club's meeting.
The dogs that will run for the consola
tion stakes at Ingleside Park will be
"drawn" on the gr.unds to-morrow (Sun
day) immediately after the first round in
the regular stake is finished. J. P. Dalton,
proprietor of the park, will add $20 to the
s:ake. Of course, nonp but dogs defeated
in the regular stake can enter for the con
solation.
THE ANGLERS.
Mountain Streams That Are In Good
Condition for Fishing:.
Latest intelligence from towns in th
country that are within easy reach Of
trout-fishing waters is to the effect that
the creeks are now running very clear and
in good order lor fly-fishing. The weather
has been so bad during the past week that
few anglers anticipate success in fly-cast
ling to-morrow. The cold north wind baa
killed off the winged insects, and it can be
i safely said that until a spell of warm air
arrives top fishing will not be good.
Borae very nice catches of trout were
I made during the week on Lake Lapunitas.
Al Gumming and Frank Marcus returned
from the mountain lake recently with
well-filled baskets of trout.
The anglers were in hoDe that the San
Andreas Lake would open on June 1, bnt
the directors, at a recent meeting, decided
to keep the big pond closed until July 1 •
The trout are certainly in better condition
in April, May and June when the water is
: cold. Anglers should not expect that the
! fish they will catch in the lakes in July
and August, when the water is lukewarm
to be firm and in good condition for table
use. Certainly, in lake fishing, the best
sport is invariably had during the i»arly
RESULT OF LONG-DISTANCE CASTING.
"Dar mus' be er fly apesterin dat mewl somewhar*!"
[From the American Field.]
Officers of the Madora Gun Club, the Crack Shot Organization of Madera
County. Who Will Go to Fresno Suniay to Compete in the Big San Joaqnin
Rifle Shoot.
months of the season, but seemingly fie
Spring Valley water people have their own
views of this subject and can open and
close the lakes at wili. *
The anglers who fished the Paper-mill
and Lagunitns creeks last Sunday caught
a first-class wetting, but they did not
grumble at that. It was the delay oc
casioned by the railroad company at
Snusalito that they growled at. Those who
traveled in the first train from Point Rejvs
on Su.iday evening, had to waitatSuusalito
in the cold and damp weather until the
last down train arrived, when all passen
gers were taken on board the boat for this
City, where they arrived at a very late
hour in company of a lot of boisterous
picnickers.
With the return of bright, sunny days,
anglers can assur dly hope for first-cla^s
fishing in the streams between Cloverdale
and Ukiah. The Pieta and Big Sulphur
creeks should be in splen'lid order for fly
fishing now, and in all probability there
will be many anplers whipping those pretty
streams before the month draws to a close.
THE RIFLE.
H. Kenltzor Has Made Some Excel
lent Scores at Rest-Shooting:.
H. Kenitzer, an old-time rifleman of
this coast, has been doiii,: some remarka
ble shooting of late, notwithstanding the
fact that he has almost reached his seven
tieth year. During the past ten days Mr.
Kenitzer has been practicing at the Shell
Mound rifle tange. He has several fine
rifles, but of late he has obtained the best
results with a 32-caliber Pope barrel, tele
scope sight, shooting with a rest at
200 yards. Kenitzer uses black powder
with a nitro primer.
On the 2d inst. he made a score in ten '
shots of which he justly feels proud and
which is here reproduced, reduced one
third. He made '2i6 on the 25-ring target.
This is equal to 20 on Columbia target and
111 on the'standard American. This shows
an average of 24 3-10 rings. On that oc
casion he made a run of 40 shots, with
| these results:
First ten 24 24 25 25 25 24 24 25 25 25-240
Second ten '25 '.'3 23 23 25 US 84 25 25 24— 240
Third ten 28 24 •-'■_' 24 23 24 24 24 «5 24—237
Fourth ten 24 25 23 2-1 24 24 24 25 25 25-243
Total for 40 shots 9ts3
On the Bth inst. Kenitzer again took a
turn at the target under the same condi
tions, and filed fifty shots without clean
ing his rifle. His score in runs of ten
was 239, 240, 237, 242, 238 — total, 1196.
This beats W. Glindemann's rest score.
Notwithstanding the fact that these are
H. Kenitzer's Remarkable Score of 246,
Made at Shell .Mound Park Last
Week. Target Reduced One-Third.
excellent scores for any one, and particu
larly for one who has reached such a ripe
age, they cannot be accepted as a record,
because they were not shot on a rest rec
ord target. Considering Mr. Kenitzer's
fine shooting, it is a pity the scores were
not made on a record target, the Standard
American being the only target with a
rest center. In the East a number of clubs
are making rest records on the new Colum
bia target on the 100-yard ranges, and
when the weather permits outdoor shoot
ing, they will, no doubt, uae this target for
rest records.
THE OARSMEN.
Regatta Committee Appointed by
the South End Boat Club.
The El Campo regatta on Decoration
day is the only thing talked of in boating
circles. It has increased the interest in
rowing here to a marked degree, and every
evening and on Sunday mornings the
wharves in the vicinity of Lonj; Bridge
and North Beach are crowded with enthu
siastic admirers of the strong-armed
pullers of the different clubs, watching
them undergo their training and outing.
NEW TO-DAY.
1 zzzz ~~~~ mmrzzzizziiir~~~: —
HtfiUi
As far as the eye can reach no limit or bound to the
resources of the old=line butchers exists, hence no jaded or
inferior stock is foisted by them upon an unsuspecting public.
It is sold, too, at prices that defy competition when quality is
considered. Patronizing the butchers who have helped build
up this Western country to the proud position it occupies
means protection to yourself. It means not only the protection
of vast business resources, but the maintenance of healthy
competition. The woman makes no wild guess who supports
home industry in opposition to the invasion of foreign capital.
J.H.JIcMEMY, Stalls 7, 8 and 9, California Market. S. SiOIMOJ, Grand Central Market, Market Street,
MARK SIM'S!-:. Bay City Market, 1138 to 1146 near Sixth.
Market Street KATZ A SOUS, Stalls 94 to 100, California Market.
LEON D. STOSE & CO.. 236 Sixth Street. JOHN fIAYDEN, 124 ninth Street.
HAMMOND & BRO., Justice Market, 33 and 35 Fourth SCHRADE& BROS., City Hall Market, 1842-1344 Market
■ Street. Street . . .
First Pay't P«r Week
•HONESTY
■ MEANS
r Waverley
Catalog and Application Blank Free
ThU offer applies only to residents of Sao -
. Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda.
Oakland Agency
17th St. A San Pablo Ay«., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 * 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
I
H-jWlimnifffnni^ffifi?iffinihiMnffinWmmflmß
IE _ Send for the Monarch book, |»j
I m ON ARCH I
■ Xjj - '' 4 models. 9&0 and $100, fully gu&ran* eS ••
8| adults who want » lower^^l^TiSs^ |V
BfßßH^HwiCHHß^Dß^r^^^P^rßßiißHSdß^a^K^BEUft^H
The South End Boat Clnb, under whose
auspices the affair is to be held, had an
enthusiastic reeatta meeting last evening,
and elected the following for a regatta
committee: J. E. Scully, chairman; J. D.
Mahoney, secretary; Joseph ODea, treas
urer; Al J. Fritz, William O'Brien, J. A.
Lenahan, J. J. McCarthy, I. P. Shortball,
A. J. Mellitz, T. F. Barry, D. J. Gorham,
William J. Daily, Bob McArthur, William
Thomas and D. D. Connolly.
The senior race of this regatta, it is
feared, will be a disappointment, as none
of the clubs with but one exception, the
Alameda Boat Club, and it is yet unde
cided, have so far organized a senior crew.
But it is thought that the winning junior
crew will enter the senior event, and
thereby give the public a chance to see the
South End's celebrated crew row.
The single scull race between William
McCausland, Frank Duplissea and Jack
Caughlin will undoubtedly be the greatest
amateur scull event seen on the bar in
years.
Duplissea is the recognized senior cham
pion of the coast. Caughlin defeated all
comers in the outrigger skiff events of last
season and McCausland is considered a
wonder with the spoons.
Henry Peterson, the Pacific Coast cham
pion single sculler, is taking an interest in
youne McCausland. and George Duplissea,
the celebrated tug-of-war athlete and stroke
of the South End professional barge crew
is putting his son in condition.
HANDBALL.
Jack Riordan and J. Harlow to Play
for the Championship.
The handball games to take place at P.
Ryan's San Francisco ball court to-morrow
are: R. Murphy and W. Stan&bury to
play J. White and M.Edwards; J. Slat
tery and i?. Kelly to play J. Nelson and P.
Hutchinson; M. McNeil and W. Manion
to play P. Ryan and Robert Shea; P.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and G.
Hutchinson to play T. F. Bonnet and J.
Lawless; a single-handed game for the
championship of the coast between Jack
Riordan and J. Harlow, the game to be
the best three out of five, 21 aces.
The event of the day at tbe Union Court
will be a four-handed contest. The players
are P. T. Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet
against J. J. Feeney and R. Lenihau.
Basket Ball.
A large audience assembled in the gym
nasium of the Y. M. C. A. Tuesday even
ing lust to witness the second game of a
series in which the Rushers defended their
title of champions of the Pacific Coast by
defeating the German team by a score of 7
to 3. They played a strong game, but the
passing of tbe Rushers, particularly that
o! Shaw, Marcband and Spacher (who are
three of the best players in the league)
proved too much for them. Two halves of
twenty minutes each, with ten minutes'
rest, were played. The following offici
ated: J. Everdine, referee; H. Arm
strong, scorer; W. Hassel, timer. The
tnird frame is scheduled for Tuesday, May
12, and on Thursday the Rushers meet
tbe Oakland team iv the gymnasium of
1895
Ml \m^ \^/ %*r -
- • I - .• ' ' ■
MARCH
BICYCLES
New, Shop- Worn and;2n4-Hand,
AT
', ■ / : i ■ .■■.-,
Bargain Prices!
■An excellent opportunity
for those contemplating: open-
ing renting establishments.
THE MARCH-DAVIS CO.,
J. a. FRENCH. Manufacture's Agent,
33Q POST ST.. S. F.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GIL BOOM
OF THK •.-■'/
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MIRKET ST.
. OPEN UNTIL MIPNICHT.
Weak Men and Women
Birtngiu to th« aexuai orgii. * . \ w ,
the Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
The public are cordially invited to attend.
'•■•■ ."■ -" -■ ■:' ' 9 " — ■■■': • ' ■■:':■•"■
Saoramento Sporting- News.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., May 8.-The
Sacramento Athletic Clnb will begin a
series of competitive handball eames this
month, to be conducted on a handicap
basis. Valuable trophies will be awarded
to the teams securing first and second
places.
Under the administration of the new
board of directors the club has prospered
materially of late. The efforts of President
Anderson and Secretary Gormley have
been such as to result in a rapid increase
in membership and collection of dues.
There is an important movement on foot
looking to the establishment of a general
athletic club grounds at East Park, in this
city, to comprise a bicycle-track, 100-yard
cinder path, football and baseball grounds,
with seat 3 for spectators, etc., all to be in
closed. A preliminary meeting was held
last night and it la thought that the
scheme will be perfected.
L. A. Upson and Jerome Carroll left for
Marysviile this morning to attend the live
bird and bluerock tournament and to taka
part in the tennis games held there to-day.
The postponed relay race between the
S tockton and Sacramento Bicycle clubs is
slated to take place to-morrow. The start
will be from Tenth and L streets in this
city, to Stockton and return, a distance of
100 miles. Pope, one of Sacramento's fast
est riders, met with an accident during
practice and will be unable to start.
The Capital City blue- rock team, which
has been selected to represent the club at
the Stockton tournament, are having d lily
practice at the traps and are in excellent
form.
The Spoonbill Club will make applica
tion for admittance to tbe California
Inanimate Target Association, and if
granted in time it will also send a team to
the Stockton tournament. At their regu
lar prize shoot, held last Sunday, 25 birds,
Eckhardt s ored 24, Thomas 23, Fitzgerald
22. Soule and Flohr 20 each. During the
day" Thomas made the best score ever
made in Sacramento County, breaking 100
birds out of a possible 105.
At the Eckhardl tournament on Sunday
last Nicolaus won first money in the open
ing event, a 15-bird contest, wi'.h a -core of
14. Second event, 25 birds, resulted as fol
lows: Thomas 25. Newbert 24, Mierson 23,
Nicolaus 23, Gruhler 22, Green, Webb
and Hopper 20 each. Third event, 15 birds,
Webb and Thomas 14 each, Soule 13.
Fourth event, 25 birds, Thomas 24, Webb
23 and Nicolaus 22.
The tennis tournament of doubles ia
slated for to-morrow with four entries.
RUTHEBFOBD.
Fractured His Skull.
Alvin A. Alexander, the eight-year-old son of
Julius Alexander, 118 Asb avenue, died yester
day morning at 5 o'clock from a fractured
skull, the result of a fall the day before. Young
Alexander climbed an eight-foot fence separa
ting his father's residence from the street, and
losing his balance, tumbled to the pavement
below, fracturing his skull. Dr. Helms was
called in, but could do nothing to relieve the
little fellow's sufferings.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously ; low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities. *
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
W2VL NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
'* SAN FRANCISCO.
*%m33r'*~^f^A J?, me(l r, f °r Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea^
MmSf io 1 5 i»Tt. V whites, unnatural dis-
jopar Guarantee* m charges, or any inflamma-
BZZieT.V^SS- t i'? n ' "Nation or ulcfra-
gj— girerenu eonugion. tion of mucous nieni-
STs^RTHeEvANS ChßiicuCo. branee. Non-astringent.
id&GINCINMTI^ JB3| Sold by DragcUl*,
'^k V. S. i. jSHT2 * ent in plain wrapper,
/^■^^^__^o"H by express, prepaid, fur
"VJ^MS^W 11.-00I 1 .- 00 - or 3 bottles, $3.75.
. M Circular gent on K.iuoit,THE SOVEREIGNTY
OF CORPORATIONS.
Judge Garber's Strong
Ground in the Rail
road Case.
STATEMENT OF RIGHTS.
Judge McKenna Talks Back and
Points Law With Farmers
and Ox Teams.
A POLE STAR FOE THE COURTS.
Two Features of a Day in Court
With State and Corporate Con
flicting Rights.
A momentous battle over what shall be
the taw of this great land on the funda
mental rights of States and corporations
in their common relations was going on in
the United States Circuit Court during
two hours yesterday afternoon.
It marked the very near approach of the
end of the present struggle between the
Southern Pacific Railroad corporation and
the Railroad Commission, or rather the
State of California. Yesterday was ex
pected to bring an end to the tedious argu
ments, but Judge Garber, «vho is making
the closing address, will not finish until
next Tuesday, when the case will come
up again.
Of course what was going on in the Cir
cuit Court was bat a part of the mo
mentous battle referred to. But this
pending case is the latest one of the similar
contests between great railroad corpora
tions and- States which have tried to regu
late them, which began but a few years
ago, and it will be an important factor in
a final result of National importance.
Judge McKenna's decision wiJ become
one of the "decisions' 1 in tue jurisprudence
of corporations to be quoted in accord
ance with the crasp and learning which
the man on the bench displays. The
court is but oue remove from the one of
last resort, where the evidence, arguments
and decision wiil be reviewed and provide
more law on the great issue.
So it was deeply important lawmakin?
•which was going on yesterday, as It has
been for so many weeks. All the vital law
in the case is provided by the decisions of
recent years. These decisions have con
strued constitutional and inherent rights
of persons. States and property, reversed,
modified and elaborated each other, and
bo gradually evolved to its present stage
the law on State control of corporations.
It is because this evolution isstiil in prog
ress, as . Judge Garber interestingly
showed, and because this case will possi
bly advance it another stage, that the case
has an importance besides that involved
in the question of whether or not the
fcfiat,e of California can regulate its rail
roads with more than meie police power.
There were not a dozen people in the
chilly and quiet courfroom. For two hours
Judge Garber talked at the Judge and got
talked back to, while Judge Hayne now
and then interrupted with a vital ques
tion, and W. F. Merrin, District Attorney
Foote ond two or three other attorneys
Bilently and intently followed the argu
ment, which two stenographers were wig
glingjdown.
All this tremendous array of argument
in this case is interesting to corporation
lawyers. Scattered through it are facts
and ideas of general interest if they are
got hold of. But the dry elucidation of
decisions and the disputing about consti
tutional and common law and inherent
rights and all that is no circus to many
people.
But some days are more interesting than
others in the Circuit Court, as elsewhere,
and yesterday was a highly interesting '
one.
What: went on yesterday was exception
ally interesting lor two thines which were j
the maiu features of the proceedings. Judge '
Garber boldly, strongly and insistently
proclaimed the doctrine of the sovereignty
of the corporation in the use of its prop- i
erty. He declared, in effect, that the rail
road could charge a million dollars an
ounce a mile for Hauling freight if it
wanted to, so long as it didn't discrimin
ate unjustly or commit extoriion by cinch
ing some poor fellow for $2,000,000 an
ounce, if it got a chance to do so. Jud^e
Garber put the corporation doctrine of its
independent rights under the Federal con
stitution and its denial of the rights of
the State to interfere with the free nse of
its property in a stronger way than they
have been put during the argument.
The other feature of the day was an in
teresting colloquy between Judge Garber
and the court on the limitations of the
power of the State to regulate the cor
poration in the use of its property on one
hand, and the extent of the conflicting
property rights of the corporation on the
other.
During this colloquy a layman could see
the vitallegal issue in the case stand out
clearly and alone. The incident was a
cathodopraph of the very inside of the
issue and of the partly formed legal doc
trine of vast significance which the courts
are slowly elaborating.
Where is the dividing line between the
two rights set in opposition— the right of
the State to regulate the corporation in i
the use of its property and the ri?ht of the
corporation to its property? Does the I
right of the State end, as the Southern Pa- I
cine contends, with the exercise of police
powers in preventing wronps of discrimi- ]
nation and the like, or may it go to the I
extent of regulating prices to the point of
confiscation, and what is confiscation?;
The takine away of one dollar which t he
corporation might be able to earn by force
of monopoly or only the cutting down o f
its income to a j oint below a "reasonable"
return on its capital? Has a railroad a
right to sti« out for any price for the use
of its property as a hotel man might for
the rent of his rooms, and does the Federal
constitution warn the State to let the cor
poration alone in this right? There is a
tangle of other tilings in tne case, of
course, but these wire the questions that
stuck out of yestercay's proceedings, and
they are the vital ones of the litigation.
In beginning his aidress Judge Garber
went at a lot of the decisions that have
been mauled about bo much during the
argument and argued that the later ones
greatly modified the earlier ones.
"In the tirst opinion on this issue the
court said that final power must lodge
somewhere, and that it should be in the
legislative power of the State and not in
the courts, said the alvocate. "It fol
lowed that the hundreds of millions of
property in Illinois was subject to the
arbitrary power of the Legislature, with
'. no appeal bat to the ba.lot-box. Bat it
. was recognized that prope-ty is safe from
■ popular emotion and coitrol. But in
.- cases following the Supretie Court said.
. 'We must not" be understood as goinz so
far.' They said that in those cases the
rea-onableness of the ra*e? was not an
issue. Tney conceded power to the Legis
lature, bat said there was a li-nit to which
it could go.
"What was that limit? In e constitu
tion of the United States, whfcb says that
property shall not be taken w\thont com
pensation and that no rerson *ball be de
prived of the equal protection cf the laws.
"The power of the Railroad Commission
in this State is limited by the provision
that private property shall not be taken
without compensation. It cannot trench
on the perfect right of private property aa
fixed by the constitution.
"If I own a piece of property that own
ership goes to all the enjoyment that
springs from it. Yon cannot take from
me the earning capacity any more than
the property itself.''
"Could any rates be reduced one-tenth
of a cent without it being confiscation?"
asked Judge Hayne.
"That depends. The limitation is that
you must not under pretense of 'regula
tion' accomplish confiscation. There is
ample scope for regulation under the de
cisions of the Supreme Court. The court
has said that the police power of the State
may be exercised in cases of extortion, in
wrongful uso of property— its use aa a nui
sance! That is the limitation under the
latest decisions; but you must not impair
the rights of property."
The court— Suppose a railroad Is con
structed through a region where teams are
the only other means of compensation.
The rates will be regulated, we will say, by
the laws of supply and demand you speak
of. The supply is the supply of railroads;
the demand is the demand of the farmers
for railroads. Can that railroad charge
the highest rates t .at that supply and
demand will allow without forcing the
farmers to the use of ox- teams?
Judge Garber-It can. It has the right
to charge the highest rate that will be
paid. The power of regulation comes in
preyentlng discrimination. Will your
Honor say that with my railroad I may
not charge all that the farmers will pay
me, without resorting to ox-teams or to
competition?
Tiie court—What shall be the test of
regulation? Shall it be the railroad's
power to earn without regulation?
Garber— l say so. ...
The court— What becomes of regulation?
Garber— The power of regulation is ap
plied to exceptional instances, when some
particular wrong is done.
The court — Suppose the railroad com
pany fixes its rate, which it applies equally
to all. You say that the value of the road
depends on its ability to get that rate.
Wticre. then, can regulation come in, the
railroad having made no discriminations?
Garber— The company is entitled to the
highest rate the people will pay. Why
shouldn't they resort to teams?
There was more of this, the court saying
that it was not prepared to go as far as the
advocate was going. Judge Garber eluci
dated further his contention that the
latest decisions confirmed the doctrine
that the State power ol regulationwas a
police one and that the property right was
the higher and more sacred one.
"This doctrine of the limitations to the
State's power has not sprung full-fledged
from the minds of the courts," Garber
said. "The courts are feeling their way to
it. The power of regulation was first
stated in the Munn case, and then this
power of regulation swallowed up the
riuhts of property. The question is,
Where is the dividing line between these
conflicting powers? The higher right is
the rigiu of property, and this has been
recognized in later decisions."
The court— The question is, Where does
the power of regulation end and the right
of property begin ? If the State has the
powerof regulation it must have the right
to exercise it. Does not this power extend
past extortion?
Judge Garber — It does not. The value
of property is its earning capacity. Since
the Munn'case the courts are finding their
way to the true principle that when the
power of regulation comes in conflict with
constitutional guarantees it must fall
back. This nas been the pole star of the
courts in their progress through these
cases. What matters if you say ttiis limits
the power of regulation? The full value
of property must be preserved under
normal and usual conditions, without
wrong.
These expressions are typical of the chief
arguments yesterday afternoon.
BABY BROWNING'S FATHER
Flynn, Who Is Accused of Murder,
Being Examined Before
Judge Low.
Some Important Additional Testimony
Elicited From Witnesses
Yesterday.
The case of the People vs. J. T. Fiynn,
charged with the murder of the Browning
baby found dead in a valise, came on for
examination in Judge Low's court yester
day afternoon.
With two or three exceptions the testi
mony did not differ materially from that
offered at the Coroner's inquest. These
exceptions may prove very material to the
defendant.
After Dr. Fitzgibbon of the Receiving
Hospital had given his evidence relative
to the condition of the dead babe when
brought to the hospital, the probable
number ef its few short hours on earth,
etc.. Dr. Quigley.the physician in atten
dance at the birth, testified to some im
portant facts that were not brought out at
the inquest. Among other things he said
that he felt a little dubious about tbe wel
fare of the infant and asked Mrs. Shane,
the sister ol Mrs. Browning, if sne would
look alter the babe. Mrs. Shane^repljed in
the affirmative and volunteered the infor
mation that she was accustomed to take
care of children of instant a^e.
When the doctor left the house he in
trusted tbe baby to the care of tais wo
man.
Mrs. Browning's testimony as to the
time of the child's birth and its taking
away by Flynn was the same on direct ex
amination as tnat offered at the inquest.
On cross-examination by Attorney Knight
for the defense she wavered somewhat and
finally broke down, necessitating the con
tinuance of the'ease until this morning.
When a*ked why she had the baby placed
in a bureau drawer instead of in the bed be
side her she hesitated and finally answered
that she thought the drawer would be a
good cradle for it.
A question relating to the certainty of
her knowledge of Flynn 'a paternal con
nection with tbe child, coupled witn a
delicate query as to the number of her in
timate male acquaintances, brought tears
and an adjournment.
The case will go on this mo rning.
LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.
Stanford University Professors Read a
Series of Interesting Lectures.
Stanford University was well represented
at the meeting of the Library Association
of Central California in the lecture-room
of the Mechanics' Institute last evening.
A number of papers appertaining to the
foundation and management of the great
libraries of the world were read.
"The Library of the British Museum"
was the subject ol an instructive paper,
read by Professor George Kriehn. This
lecture was followed by a discourse on
"The Literature of Libraries'' by F. J.
Tesrgart, librarian of Stanford University.
"Nooks in the Bookland of Boston" by
Professor Jphn W. Stillman concluded the
interesting entertainment.
Last evening's meeting was the last
until next September, and in the inter
vening time another series of lectures will
be prepared for the winter season.
-•—• — « — »
Fire After Fire.
Three fires, all small, followed each other in
rapid succession yesterday. Tbe alarm for the
first was sounded from box 25, and it proved
to be at tne cigar factory of Wan Kit, 828
Washington Btreet. The loss was $200. At 7
o'clock the residence of Mrs. dishing, 1103
Fol>om street, was discovered to be on fire, the
alarm beiug sent In from box 122. The fire
was due to a defective stovepipe. Loss $150.
Thirty minutes later box 67 called the fire
lighters to 018 Harrison street, where a two
story frame, owned by the Kettle estate and
occupied by W. R. Smith, was found in flames.
The damage to tbe house was $200 and to the
furniture $50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
THEY MUST WAIT
FOR THEIR MONEY.
Latest Decision in the Fam
ous Hale & Norcross
Case.
A JUDGMENT DELAYED.
The Affirmed Finding Can Be
Entered Only on a Final
Decision.
EXPLAINING A FORMER OPINION
JuiJge H?bbard's Order Regarding the
$210,197 Reversed by the Su
preme Court
The Supreme Court has rendered an
other decision in the Hale & Norcross
case — one that further complicates the
great damage suit and delays alt chance of
securing the benefit of one judgment until
he whole case has been settled.
The decision is quite a blow to the hopes
of certain stockholders; it means that the
|210,197 50 for which judgment was ren
dered by Judge Hebbard, and which the
Supreme Court takes pains to say was a
good judgment, must remain in abeyance
until the whole case has been settled.
This may mean a long time, and it will
probably be months at least before it is
finally turned over to its rightful owners.
When the case came up in the Superior
Court there were two charges of fraud
made, upon each of which the plaintiffs
sought to recover. One was for excessive
charges for milling, the other was for
fraudulent milling. The judgment of the
court was for the plaintiffs for over a
million dollars, $225,000 of which was for
excessive charges and the remainder for
fraudulent returns on the milled ores.
On appeal the judgment for $225,000 #as
scaled down to $210,197 00, and at that
amount it was affirmed. The other judg
ment was reversed because the Supreme
Court believed there haa not been suf
ficient testimony taken on which to base
such a judgment.
The case was sent back to Judge Heb
bard, and accompanying it was an opinion
containing this paragraph:
The Judgment appealed from is Ret aside and
the Superior Court" is directed to enter a Judg
ment as of the date of its former Judgment
against Alvinza Ilay ward and H. M. Levy for
the sum of $210,197 50, with interest from
that date, upoa the iss.ue presented by the
claim for having paid an excessive price for
milling the ore in the Mexican and Nevada
mills, and upon that issue the order denying
a new trial as to these defendants is nflirnied.
As to tne other appellants, except the Nevada
Mill and Mining Company, the order denying
anew trial as to this issue is reversed and a
new trial thereon ordered. Upon the issue
presented by the claim for damages sustained
3>- reason of the imperfect and fraudulent mill
ing, the order denying a new trial i-, set aside
as to all the appellants and the court is di
rected upon the evidence a 1a 1 ready taken in the
case, and such o'her evidence as maybe pre
sented by either party, to make unriinpa in ac
cordance with the views hereinbefore ex
piested.
Judfre Hebbard read the opinion and
entered the judgment as directed for
$210,197 50, and he set the other issue for
trial. Hayward and the others de
murred, for they said Judge JTebbard
could not enter the judgment until the
case had been decided upon every issue.
Fox, the plaintiff, showed the decision anl
said it could be done; Hayward et al.
showed the decision and said it could not
be done, but the order was made, and
Hayward and Hobart appealed from it.
For half a day learned attorneys argued
before the Supreme Court, asking that the
Judges explain themselves. Haywani's
attorneys argued long to show t!;at the
Supreme Court could have meant noth
ing else but that the affirmed judgment
should wait, and Fox's attorney, \V. T.«
Baggett, simply showed the decision and
asked the Judges to say what they did
mean.
The Judges were not prepared to ex
plain, so the matter was taken under ad
visement. The conrt has considered the
matter for some months, and now it is an
nounced that when the court said to enter
the judgment, it did not mean to enter the
judgment, it meant to hold the judgment
until the case should be finally decided
and then enter it.
In rendering its explanatory opinion
the Supreme Court says:
It is certain that the cases, if there are any,
which can be taken out of the general rule
above stated, that but one Judgment, linal in
effect if not in form, can be entered, must be
altogether exceptional and dependent upon
j-ome especial considerations. > o such consid
erations have been brought to our attention in
this case, nor were any such referred to in our
former opinion. In construing our former
judgmeni, therefore, the fair presumption is
that no direction to enter a final judgment on
some of the issnes, in advance of the trial oa
the remaining issues, was Intended.
On examining the terms of that Judgment
we are unable to find any plain or distinct di
rection of that kind. The court below was di
rected to enter a Judgment as of the date of its
former judgment, on the issue as to which a
new trial was denied ; and as to the remaining
issues a new trial was granted. No direction
was given as to when the particular judgment
should be entered; and tfte presumption is
that it was intended that it should be entered
at the same time as, and should constitute a
part of, the final judgment to be rendered on
oil the issues in the case, in accordance with
the general coarse of proceedings in like
cases.
Nothing less than explicit language to the
contrary would justily any other interpreta
tion. We are, therefore, of opinion that the
court below was not authorized to enter the
judgment appealed from until all the issues
between the parties before the court should be
determined; and that when the court shall
have filed its findings upon the issues as to
which a new trial has been ordeied, it will
then be its duty to render a single judgment
upon the whole case, which shall include the
judgment so heretofore directed to be entered.
The Supreme Court then goes on to
comment on its opinion and the interpre
tation put upon it in the following words:
It may be added, in justice to the learned
Judge of the court below and to counsel for
plaintiff, that the language of our former judg
ment was perhaps not happily chosen or alto
gether clear in this respect, and was possibly,
standing alone, open to the construction in
sisted upon by plaintiff. But when regarded
in the general rule of procedure applicable in
like cases, as above indicated, such con
struction cannot, lor the reasons stated, be in
dulged.
Four of the Justices concur in this in
terpretation, but Justice Harrison and
Justice Garoutte atill believe the court
meant that the judgment should be en
tered at once.
The decision has postponed execution
on the $210,000 judgment for an indefinite
period. Judge Hebbard will probably de
cide the case on tbe fraudulent milling in
a few days now, and he will then enter
both judgments together. The case will
no before the Supreme Court again, and
in the meantime the judgment is waiting.
Rebearings and motions to continup, to
dismiss, to deny, will have to be argued
and decided, and the end of all is proble
matic. In tbe meantime the judgment
for $210,197 50, rendered by one court and
affirmed on appeal, will wait and wait.
Mr. B&ggett, wnile not satisfied with
the decision, is rushing things. He ap
peared before Chief Justice Beatty and
asked that the remittitur b<> sent down at
once. As the losing party, Baegett had a
right to ask that the usual thirty days be
waived, and an order was made directing
that the remittitur be issued forthwith.
The Hobart appeal now before the
Supreme Court is based on exactly the
earae point, and wishing to get that out of
the way. too, Baggett asked that a decision
be rendered in that coo. It had been stipu
lated that the argument on the one should
do for the other, and a decision on the one
would do for tbe other, but only the Hay
ward case had been decided. Judge
Beatty referred Mr. Bagßett to Judge Van
Fleet, who wrote the opinion of yesterday,
but Judge Van Fleet wanted more time to
consider the case.
Borne days ago the Supreme Court ren
dered a judgment of a similar dual char
acter as tbe one of yesterday. The action
was entitled Reed vs. Reed, suit for di
vorce and division of property. The de
cree of divorce waa sustained, but the
decision regarding the division of prop
erty was sent back for a retrial. The de
cree of divorce was entered at once, and
both husband and wife are at liberty to
marry again, but it would seem under tbe
latest decision that the judgment of di
vorce must wait till the settlement of
property. This case is cited by Fox and
others aa one which should have some
bearing on the peculiar circumstances of
the Hale & Norcross case.
THE NEW POSTOFFICE.
It Will Probably Be Constructed En*
tirely of California Products.
In all probability when the proposed
new San Francisco Postoffice is built it
will be almost exclusively of California
materials and products. The officers of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso-
ciation are rejoicing that they will have a
finger in this big pie, so to speak. In a re
cent communication from Supervising
Architect Aiken of the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington to the association
he states that so far as possible he will see
that California products and materials are
used in the construction of the projected
postoffice. He requested that the associa
tion send to him the names of California
manufacturers and producers who handle
and construct products such as could be
used in the big United States builcing.
This was just what the association's
members desired, and Manager Tacy is
now canvassing the rield with the Idea of
presenting a good list to select from. He
lias found that the California manufac
turers and producers can furnish every
thing necessary in the construction of the
postoffice. Stone, granite, marble, brick,
etc., can be obtained in unlimited quanti
ties and of superior quality witi.in the
State's boundaries. Terra-cotta, artificial
stone, iron and steel work, bronze, electri
cal and sanitary appliances and products
of art and skill are also to be obtained in
abundance here. The names of 400 or 500
membeisof the association who desire to
make bids on materials in their respective
lines will oe sent to the United States
architect, together with their catalogues
and prices. Samples of stone, marble,
granite and similar natural products will
also be forwarded for his inspection and
tests. The contract for the glass, which
will no doubi be a big one, will probably
go out of the State.
SUTRO DEFENDS HIS ROAD
Charges the Half-Fare Agitation
to the Southern Pacific
Company.
He Declares It an Attempt to Depre
ciate the Values of Out-
Bide Lands.
Mayor Sutro is grieved, not to say indig
nant, over what he declares to be an un
just attempt to have the fare on his road
from Central avenue to the Cliff House re
duced to 2}4 cents, and lays ail tne blame
for the agitation on the Southern Pacific
Company. Speaking of the matter he
said:
"This is a subject in which many of tte
improvement clubs have been misled by
designing persons. The transfers, which
are the rule now in San Francisco, make
car-rid in c as cheap in San Francisco, if
not cheaper, than in any other city I
know of. •
"A road operated on a 5-cent fare can
make but very little money, and so far as
the Sutro road is concerned the people in
the Richmond district can well afford to
contribute a trifle toward the revenue in
order to Day the expenses of operation.
"The fact of the matter ia, the 'Octopus'
is at the bottom of all tnis movement, in
order to depreciate outside lands, which,
without transfers, could hardly be reached
for a 2J4-cent fare for each road. In fact.
it would cost between."^ and 10 cents, and
this would, of course, Tamely tend to lower
values in property west of Central avenue.
"This movement is similar to the at
tempt of the railroad in Sacramento at the
last session of the Legislature to pass As
sembly bill 722. This measure passed both
houses, but was fortunately by my exer
tions vetoed by tbe Governor, on which
occasion I called him a noble Roman.
But the Qovernor has since fallen in with
the politicians, and I would hardly call
him a noble Roman no.v.
"The character of that bill was to estab
lish a fare of 5 rents for each three miles,
which would have counteracted the s cents
to tbe ocean which I have procured for the
people.
"I am astonished to see that many of
the clever men of which the improvement
clubs are composed should have allowed
the wool to be pulled over their eyee in
this manner; and when they understand
the true inwardness of the thing no im
provement ciub will advocate a VA cent
fare and the withdrawal of transfers."
WANTED IN PORTLAND.
Lee Kee Pong Desired aa a Witness
Against Chinese Certlflcate-
Forgers.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin
arrested yesterday Lee Kee Pong, wanted
by the Portland authorities on sundry
charges, including an alleged illegal en
trance into the territory of Uncle Sam by
means of a forged certificate.
Thursday morning Marshal Baldwin re
ceived a telegram from P. o. Chappelle,
special agent at Portland, to the effect that
Lee Pong was wanted by tbe Federal au
thorities of that city, and that tbe wily
Chinese would probably b« found at the
establishment of Quong Shing & Co., 15
Waverly place.
A decoy special-delivery letter, duly
stamped "Portland," was prepared and
sent lor delivery by the regular carriers.
Lee Pong took the letter readily, but
hardly had he signed the receipt when a
Deputy Marshal made him a prisoner.
Yesterday morning tbe much-wanted Chi
nese appeared before Commissioner Hea
cock and was committed to jail, subject to
the order of the Portland officials.
It seems that Ke°. Lee Pong is wanted
as a witness against a new, recently organ
ized gang ot Chinese certificate forgers.
Pong is said to be a member of the firm of
Lung & Co. and indirectly connected with
the certificate manipulators now operating
in that city. _
M»y Build Toll Gates.
la the suit of Harvey S. Blood against R.T.
McCarty, the Supreme Court has decided that
local E-oards ot Supervisors may establish toll
gates to pay for building and keeping in repair
the county roads. McCarty was driving 3000
sheep along the Big Tree and Carson Valley
toll road in Calaveras County and Blood de
manded $30 toll. McCarty refused, and on
»uins for the $30 Blood was given judgment
for that amount. McCarty claimed that the
roads were public, and the Legislature could
not delegate the power to oostruct them to
local governments, but the Supreme Court
holds thai it can.
IT IS ALL TOO FUNNY,
J. B. R. Oslom's Letter to the
Coroner Threatening His
Suicide.
MISS L. BOWMAN LAUGHS.
A Gay Little Typewriter Who Cares
Little for an Unknown
Admirer.
Coroner W. J. Hawkins is in receipt of
one of his periodical letters announcing
the writer's intention to commit suicide
on account of the unrequited love of some
fafr maiden.
Three times in six weeks letters of this
kind have been received, and each time
the names of the ladies mentioned have
been fictitious.
All these letters have been written by
the same man, and the language in each
has been much the same.
In a letter received by mail yesterday
morning the name of Lillian Bowman was
mentioned, and her address, 105 Grove
street, was also given. In this instance
the young lady has materialized.
She ia a vivacious little typewriter in
embryo. She is studying her profession at
Heald's Business Jollege, and for reasons
best known to herself she does not live
with her mamma, nor will she room with
her sister of 317 Golden Gate avenue. In
stead she prefers to keep maiden quarters
at 105 Grove street.
She was very happy yesterday. An
artist was there sketching her pretty face
for publication and she anticipated the
visit of reporters ana artists.
"It is all ho much fun," she exclaimed,
jumping up on the back of her bed and
beating her heels on the board. "I don't
know who thia crank is who love 3me so,
but I will go and look at him at the
Morgue when they find him. I'm sure I
won't know him even then."
The idea of a man committing suicide
on account of love for her was great
amusement and her bright brown eyes
sparkled in merriment. It was all so
funny for this young woman that the im
pression was given that she had written
the letter to the Coroner herself.
Here is how that letter reads:
San Francisco, Cal., May 7, 1896.
W.J. HamHns, Coroner— Dear Sir : When you
receive this 1 will be dead, for I am going to
jump In the bay. I have been in love with a
sweet, false face, and she would not have me.
I fell in love with beret Kuarny and Geary a
little over a week ago. Her name is Lilian
Bowman and she lives at 105 Grove street, in
this City. I have written to her to meet me,
and still she won't come, for she loves some one
else. Oh, my heart is breaking for her as I
write these words. lam 21 years old and my
folks live in Los Angelos. I won't give their
address, as I don't want them to know how
their boy died of a broken heart.
Oh, Lilhe, I love you! Why did you not
come and let me win your love? Oh, mv heart
is breaking for you, and it is you who are
sending me to a watery crave. Oh, my love,
good-by. 1 love you still, but you are false to
voursex. You are a designing woman, but I
love you. Oh, mother, good-by, and good-by,
sister. A girl by the name of Bowman killed
me, and she lives at 105 Grove street. Oh,
mamma, you might see this in the papers, but
forgive your son. Good-by, Lillie.
J. B. R. Oslom.
Miss Bowman claims that the has re
ceived a dozen or so of letters from her
unknown admirer within the past eight
days, but that she has destroyed them.
"In one of his letters," the young lady
said, "the fellow wanted me to become his
wife. Just think of it 1 His wife! Tnere
was a man I never saw and he wanted to
marry me. He must have been very
'stuck.' "
She giggled at the thought of it. "His
wife!" That was too funny, and she
laughed again, kicked her Heels against
the back of the bed and said she would no
longer submit to the pencil sketch the
artist was maKing.
"In another of his letters," Miss Bow
man said, "this man asked me to meet
him at the corner of Grove ar.d Polk
streets. He wanted me to have a hand
kerchief in my band that he might know
me No! I don't mean tnat. He
wanted the handkerchief in my hand to
know if I'd let him speak to me. I never
paid any attention to him."
The people at the Morgue have no idea
that the body of Oslom will ever be found.
Whether Miss Bowman and the writer of
the periodical tetters are partners in a
| hoax is what they care most to learn.
SENT OBSCENE LETTERS.
A. W. Bowman and Julias Lauer Ar
rested by Postal Inspector
£rwin.
A. W. Bowman and Julius Lauer were
arrested yesterday morning by Deputy
United States Marshal Dudley Harris on
a warrant sworn to by Postal Inspector
Erwin charging the prisoners with having
sent obscene matter throuch the mails.
Bowman is a card writer by profession
and until a few days ago had a stand on
Market street, near Fifth. Some months
ago he met Miss Rose Anderson, 935
Fourteenth street, and fell desperately in
love with her. His attentions! however,
were not appreciated by the young lady,
and she was not backward in announcing
the condition of her feelings. Bowman
resented this and got back at the object of
his unsolicited affections by writing her
obnoxious and obscene letters.
Lauer was afflicted with the vulgar let
ter-writing habit also, his special infirmity
lying in a seemingly uncontrollable desire
to make love to the young women em
ployed in a Kearny-street candy-store.
He continued this thing for nearly" a year,
and then the police were requested to
arrest the offender. For a time Lauer let
up in his letter- writing, but a few| days
ago began sending the most vile letters to
the young women. His arrest, as noted
above, followed.
Lauer is originally from Modoc County,
where his parents now reside. It is said
that he got into a similar trouble there.
The opinion of the postal authorities is
that Bowman and Lauer are of unsound
mind. Lauer admits that he was at one
time an inmate of an insane asylum.
Fool-Sellors Arrested.
Two men giving the names of James Brown
and James Wilson were arrested by Officer C.
M. Barnes for violating the pool-selling ordi
nance yesterday afternoon. Their place of
business is on Glasgow street. They were re
leased on bonds.
The Kaby Waif.
The baby found on the doorsteps of .v 3
Minna street, at midnight Thursday, waa sent
to St. Joseph's Home yesterday. The child
was wrapped in, a blanket, and there were no
marks by which he could b<» identified.
- ITEW TO-DAT.
Cure
Consumption
■^fcfc**^' and i lung troubles /.
UTo the Editor : — have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lung Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing." By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases ■< have r been Permanently ; Cuked. : ; So
proof-positive am I of its ; power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write . me ■ their
Express and Postoffice address. i Sincerely,
;. ' T. ;A. SLOCUM. M.C.,
183 Pearl St.. New York.
When wrltlnsr the Doctor, please state yon read his 1
L - letter la this paper and oblige— Epitob.
UNITED STATES SUPT.
Family of Hon. William R. Smith Made
Well by Paine's Celery Compound.
"To him who In the love ot >~atur«
Holds communion with her visible forms,
She speaks a various language."
No one has a deeper insight into nature's
ways than the superintendent of the ex-
tensive botanic gardens of the United
States at Washington.
No one knows so well as he what precious
opportunities come with the spring.
Bupt. Smith, like most scientific persons,
firmly believes that every one would be
benefited by taking a spring remedy while
the blood is readiest to be purified and in-
vigorated.
Paine's celery compound is the only
genuine spring remedy worthy of that
name, in the opinion of Supt. Smith. He
writes:
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 4, 1896.
Gentlemen — The female members of my
household are more than delighted with
Paine'a celery compound. I learn from
other friends that its popularity is steadily
growing. It aids digestion, and in view of
the prevalence of dyspepsia, it is one of
the benefactions of the ae;e. Very respect-
fully, WE R. SMITH,
Supt. XJ. S. Botanic Garden.
Paine's celery compound is as far re-
moved as the Doles from the many trivial,
unscientific preparations that call them-
selves spring remedies. It has earned the
Everybody is on to it (i)
PLUG
The largest piece ot
Good tobacco
e^er sold for io cents
. COSMOPOUTANT, ME^BB wiiicbx compound
Opposite U. s. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st^ ss»a Hf C? V^& Dtl i ©
lrmcisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la B fli VWs9 8 tig #^f L-Lmji
U>« city. Board anl room, *1. #1 25 and $1 60 per Jflf * ?J!t^. *' - ' *******
day, according to room. Weals 25c. Rcoms. si)a Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Taka
and a day. i re«» coach to and from th^hotel. noronstitnte. For sale by alldrnegists. $ica Send
look for the coach bear! ng the name of tha Co* *°- tor Woman' a Safeguard. ■ WIIjCoX BPECIFIO
mopoliian Hotel. Wl£ FAHEY, Proprietor; 0 -- 22S SOOTH EIGHTH 6T. . PHILADA., PA,
2V™~
sfGM >^-< 1 -J l?2a? ■■InutDVwU Ilby I WlltlJvitalizer.theprescrip-
I'"^#^ tlon French physician, will quickly cure yon of all ner>
W '^' Pf W9 25? Sf tion 0I * fam ° U3 French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
M \l\ sA}\ l I- "-'. -\T *• ? ons or . ceases of the generative ojgang, such as Lost Manhood,
9>» £mSJ VI rittJJ Insomnia, I'alns In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Debility,
1 I m^L ■ i W Pimples, L nfuness to Marry, Exhaustion Drains, Varieooeie and
KS V^ ".^l" .V:.: -/Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
m '•;:.>»•.■ . . ;.-; ness of discharge, which If not checked te&ds to Spermatorrhoea and'
tut BEFORE and AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. «:UI»II>EJIE cleanses the liver, th«
BcruHC and mmlh kidnersana the organs of all impurities.
1 strengthens and restores small weak organs. - .-••.■.> ■.. ; . .-. - -
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatatitla. COPIDEXEiS the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testlmonl.
-.?. als. A jrußrantPe given and money returned If six boxes does not effect » permanent car%
'. fix© a box, for $5.00, by malL Send for fbkb circular and testimonials. -
Address DAVOL MEDICtSE CO., 1170 Market 'street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
I - BKOOKh' I'II AKiIACV, 119 Powell sireafc -
complete confidence of men and women
the world over.
It is exclusively employed in families
where nothing short of the best of every-
thing pertaining to health will do.
It has lived up to the most sanguine ex-
pectations of physicians who naturally look
for extraordinary results from the discov-
ery of so eminent a physician as Prof. Ed-
ward Phelps, M. D., LL.D., of Dartmouth
medical school.
That Paine's celery compound does cure
positively and permanently all diseases
arising from impure b!ood or decline in the
vigor of the nerves is cheerfully attested
by thousands of earnest men and women.
Weakness, depression, irritability, pain
and lancuor tell that the nervous "matter
in the brain, nerves and spinal cord is not
getting sufficient nourishment.
To quickly furnish a fresh and abundant
supply of nutriment for every tissue of the
body is the purpose for which Paine's
celery compound was first prepared. This
rapid production of fresh nervous energy
and pure blood was the aim of Prof. Ed-
ward E. Phelps' lone study of the causes of
nervous exhaustion.
The result of his life work was Paine's
celery compound — this remarkable remedy
that permanently cures diseases of the
liver, kidneys and stomach. It is the
greatest nerve regulator and blood purifier
of this century.
910
WOMAN'S POWER BEHIND THE THRONE.
Ten Splendid Essays Read at Yesterday's
Session of the Pacific Coast
Woman's Congress.
"THE CALL" IS PRAISED.
Miss Severance Applauds the
Stand of the Great
Daily.
"AUNT SUSAN'S" FIRST LOVE.
Professor Griggs' Strong Paper on
" The Modern Change in Ideals
of Womanhood."
Pale golden fleurs de lis, deep orange
poppies, yellow marguerites with doth of
gold and Marechal Niel roses gave to the
stage in Native Sous' Hall a warm, cheer
ful coloring during yesterday's sitting of
the Woman's Congress of the Pacific Coast.
The president stated that she had re
ceived a very large number of letters from
different parts or the State commending
the very full accounts of the sessions of
the congress given by the City pavers and
particularly by The Cam., which, she said,
it should not be forgotten bad been the
first to come out for the cause — to lead off
and be followed by the others.
The first paper of the da', "America's
Great- Queens,"' by Miss Ilarryett R.
Strong, was read by Miss Dorothea Koth.
The following extract will give a fair idea
of this interesting essay :
When we use the word "greatness" as applied to !
a sovereign what do we ir.e.in? t>o we menu a
might* monarch or an >r '•• character? In loosing
down the short roll of history* woman rulers is
there one worthy of that epithet which ha; been
applied to Frederics aixi Peter. Alfred xind Alex- I
ander? If so. upon w:int is thai title ti.-.st-il? lias
a queen been great us tighter? Has she left a ■
glorious record of bat. es and a tax-groaning peo- j
pie behind her? li no;, and sue still deserves
honor, : hen there tuns: be tome other way of win- !
ning fame than through \va\
bo careiully has the ro»a privilege been guarded
thai during- the whole period of 4000 years, his
toric and mythological, when 640 kings reigne.l
on the uptimes River alone, only about thirty
times in round numovrs Has a woman held regal
or imperial power by vi.\ue of her own rich: as
queen or empress regnant. There have been
myriads of queens-mother or queens-resent,
queens-consort ana queens-dowager, but seldom
have they had allowance paid to them as supreme.
At lt-a*t nine of these thirty ics.ince* are
mythological or narrowed down ".o a me re rlsnt,
and of the twenty-one remaining, one, Galla
J'Ucidia. though Kmperor's daughter, ruled more
as regent than as regnant; one, the Empress .
Maud, hud little chance to rule, and one, the little '
Wilbelmina of Holland, has nor yet begun her
independent queensusp. This leaves eighteen
queers and empresses whose lives we may
examine.
Of these eighteen royal women six represent best
the different f amis of sovereignty and the different '
methods of attaining power, mid of the six five
belong to monarchies union from time to time
held possessions on the western comment, an.l j
this circumstance gives us the right to claim them i
as America's qu« n-.
The tin: in point of lime Is Margaret of Den
mark, 1353. She was elected to three :luo:u s,
and belongs to the western world ihrouzh Scand.
navian discoveries and settlements on the west of
oret-nlanJ.
The second, Isabella of Castile (1474), succeeded
to her brother's kingdom in preference to his
daughter: her claim to America comes through
the discoveries of Columbus, undertaken under
the Spanish crown.
Elizabeth of England, 1533, who inherited her
throne throueh will and act of Parliament, ranks
as third of America's great Queens because of h?r
Waiter Kaleich's explorations on the Eastern
coast, even now called Virginia, and of Sir Francis ;
Drake's discovery of this" our own San Francisco
Bay.
The fourth in point of time we cannot claim m
our own. but she ranks with the world's great
Queens and there deserves a word of men-
Maria Theresa of Austria, 1717, inherited
from her father, but was obliged to defend her
heritage.
The fifth, Catherine the Great of Russia. 1729,
usurper, can with truth be reckoned as America's
fourth great female sovereign, by virtue of Alaska '
when it oelonged to Russia.
Victoria, the last of ', the list and our fifth and :
latest Queen, relcns now over the largest part of
.North America, and has had the longest and most
peaceful reign In all history.
Of Isabella of Castile it may be said that her
praise has been extravagantly sounded throughout •
he centuries, and only of late has prejudice
striven to create a reaction. Her public acts m*y :
sometimes justly have deserved censure — her per- ;
sonality never, -he was -verything as to sweet- ;
i ess. gentleness, wisdom, magnanimity, that j
could be desired, a careiui mother and affectionate '
lie. and these excellent personal qualities were
combined with those mental traits of sagacity and ;
farsightedness that make the sovereign great.
Catherine of Russia, the only woman called j
"The Great." possessed great genius and greater
faults. Historians place her ait only second to !
Peter in her achievements toward Russia's devel
opment. Good she certainly was not. but her ad
ministrative ability showed her mental traits to be
transcendent. Her ambitions were also im
mense, and she undertook vast schemes -merely
for show-*' the historians tell vs — of improving her
country, reforming education, drawing up the '■
plans fox a Hassan dictionary, founding an acad- ,
emy, etc She, of all the others fought and con- !
quered, but when she set about to make her name i
renowned it was through the arts of peace and not
of war that she attempted it.
Victoria is no absolute monarch as Catherine,
nor despotic as Elizabeth; she is what U called a
constitutional sovereign: she reigns, while her !
Parliament and Ministers govern. Victoria pos- j
■esses the royal prerogative, but she contents her
■elf with merely perfunctory duties of making doc- !
amenta legal by affixing the royal signature to ;
every paper placed before her. This action re- i
sembles a lion with its teeth drawn, for royalt> '
■«.: bout power ceases to be dangerous. That "such !
a government is for the welfare of the nation the
prosperity and greatness of Victoria's realm a;- '■
tests.
Now that we have quickly glanced at the his
lories of these royal women, written down in men's
annals and compared with the kings of their re- i
spective times. *, hat do we discover? Are their !
kingdoms the laughing stock of the nations? Do j
their realms suffer confusion and anarchy under
the weak rule of woman? We have hardly found ;
it so? Have they been carried away by their
womanly emotions, or Influenced by unworthy
and unscrupulous favorites?
The one reason why their good deeds are often
not given credit due is Oecause somehow or other I
their excellent men advisers should also share the
praise. These same advisers, however, were
chosen by the Queens themselves. I>o we and
weakness of intellect? No. they were magnifi- '
cently educated, and often their chief desire nai
to promote learning throughout their territories.
\s ere they bloodthirsty and crnel? Not even the
worst of the Queens regnant. Blood was shed and
wars carried on. bat supreme power seemed to '
steady them and fill the m with a sense of reaponsi
bOlty for their subjects' lives. Not one ranks as' a '
monster with Ivan the Terrible, nor in worthless- ;
cess at the side of John of England. Thev-all dos- :
■eased either ability, kindness of heart, or virtue
our American queens possessed all three, exceDt- I
ing Catherine. " \
Miss Severance Knew of some native- :
born American Queens. Sne said :
"There was a great Indian Queen in
Congratulations From. Sisters Afar.
"DIRECT WIRES PROMPT SERVICE
Th» co«»*jiy TRANSMITS wo DELIVERS Huwa o«Lr ft ' < "-4^ReCTj2ir &\ »>M»o«c*o€uvtirvc#UNREPEATEDMESSAGES»rro» a -rMt
o« coMorr»>>«u«mNQrr*uAßiuTY, «iMCHHAVEBC£»*MENTi3 ff^r 7ttt£2<&L&± > ee\\ amocht of toui put tmfwo* : nc« m a»y cam »«ue thi "
TO THE ec»oC»O#T»EFOlU>*t»<> MESSAGE. - Cl'S XZ-f/. C *™* the] .^ it <XAI " m hot pm»£«teo Cl warrne with* aorrv DAT* «*TE»
EWK>MCANBECUASOE9ACJk|KSTO<aVBTRCKATI««AI>ESSACX M (3 m "^ I? if * Eltol ** THE HtMACC
»A:KTOTHESE.N?«'.atT*Tc«Fcncc«.»AR»o»,A«.3THECci»»A>r Vl^" J <srft"J4rJiafc^ y ' f!M Th« is«i« L'NREPEATED MESSAGE, *»a i* ocuvoko rr
»n.i. wot mou) rrtcLf u»e^ row cjmoa* os oeiati m twahs- V^Ss^\^^^fibV -" T °» the fs3E9T«E ca*stT»si auiED a*ove.
JOHX VT. MACKAY, President. N£j?4 Rl'i&sCW' CHAS. R. HOSMER, General Manager!
"W. C VAX HORXE, Vice-Presidect. L. W. STORROR, Superintendent.
Received at San Francisco. Gal,
22Vr. J. J. 11 Paid. 12 . 43 p^
OTTAWA ( ONT . ) \ May Bth., • 96 .
REV. ANNA SHAW, Pacific Coast Council,
San Francisco.
Please convey kindest greetings and best wishes to Pacific
Coa*t Council i LADY ABERDEEN.
i Massachusetts called the Great Sachem,
i and among the Iroquois there was a
woman ruler at one time. I have observed
that it was not an uncommon thing for tne
woman of early times to holu high places
among the aboriginal tribes of America,"
"The Queen Dowager," was the subject
of the second paper of the morning, and
was written by Mrs. Sturtevant-Peetof San
Jose, who, during her reading, expressed
the following thoughts:
Identical with individual and material char
acter governments have been derived and become
-at factors in solving the problems of civiliza
tion. In reviewing the laws instituted tor regulat
ting soi-'al. moral and civil relations it is interest
ing to note the mold of individual characters, re
gardless of sex, in formulating and enforcing pro
visions for the control and administration of public
affairs.
'1 he least conspicuous among royal women,
though by no means the least potent, have been
the mothers of icings and rulers, "queen dowa
reis. ' .Such mothers have in most instances man
ifested more than ordinary interest In the wel
fare of offspring and nation: they have exerted an
Influence, oft times determining their future destiny.
1 lie peculiar relation of dowager mothers to the
throne, their Interest and great inflence in public
affairs is the burden of my theme.
The benign influence of a mother cap scarcely be
estimated in the humbler positions of life: and to
: measure it when intimately associated with the
: throne to which is delegated such a decree of
supreme power is beyond the strength of mind to
i comprehend. Almost every nation In feu rope at
one time or another has been placed in the position
of being ruled by a woman.
Helena, the h-mpress mother of Constamine, was
one of the many uobleaua influential characters of
the period. She was placed at the head of the
exchequer and honor.d with a seal in all of the na-
I tional councils. she was granted the special privi
lege of suggesting new and untried methods, with
: the authority to force tue same. The city of
I london was enlarged and fortified incompliance
with her request. Other cities were founded In her
! name. She was with her son when he presided at
the council of Nice. A. D. 3-J5. In al affairs and
, interests of state Helena aided the Kmperor with
• her experience and temp-red his acts with her
wisdom.
Before passing to the suggestions and inferences
to be gathered irom our subject it wi.i be Interest
ing to make reference to one who has been promi
nent in the East tor forty years, one of the world's
greatest rulers, the Queen Dowager of China.
While she has had all to do witn the education of
the toy I'-uiperor. she has "governed as well as
reigned." A second writer says of her, that though
possessed of a kind heart, she is proud, strong and
ambitious as Queen Semiramis. In the days of a
grrat famine in the emu. re, she made a sacrifice
of tbe meat upon her own table, that she muht
RUi.-uiue:.t the relief fund provided be the state, a
! good example that might be followed by our
i officials in time of financial distress. Her patriot
| Ism ii.in stood many such a test. Upon o-casion
I of i-ejebrating her sixtieth birthday anniversary
j during the recent Japanese invasion, which was
| to cost VU.000.000 ounce* of silver, she abandoned
, the programme, contenting herself with a private
celebration, and paid the money into the war chest
for the defense of her country. "
The most Impressive fact suggested by onr sub
ject is the value of a cultured mother conscious of
her wisdom and responsibility. Mothers educated
and interested in the affairs of state will give
strength and breadth of character to the future
generations. in which alone rest the greatness and
perpetuity of a Government. The greatest trees of
the forest never grow upon weak and shallow
soil: he purest streams of water never flow from
turbid founts. Greatness never comes by chance.
i Then- was a Helena before a Constantine, aa Isa
; bella before the birth of ttiiu Republic, statesmen
before a Clay, Calhoun and a Webster. !*o woman's
sphere mini be expanded, so motherhood must be
endowed with equal sovereign rights an 1 crowned
with the honor of citizenship before the birth of
perfect freedom— before the drawing near of a bet
i ter, brighter era iv the realm of government.
"I am not intimately acquainted with
our dowager queens," remarked Miss
Severance. "But the first dowager queen I
erected a great mausoleum for her kind
Mansolns. The present Queen of Spain
i? a dowager queen, and she is rearing the
little child that shall be the future ruler.
There have been all kinds of dowager
queens, good and bad, just as there are
among us common people."
Mrs. E. G. Greene of Santa Cruz, follow
ing with a few remarks on Mrs. Peet's pa
per, eulogized the Dowager Queens as the
mothers of rulers, the mothers to whom all
honor should be accorded.
Miss A. M. Fulton, a teacher m Miss
West young ladies' seminary, read a very
scholarly paper on "The Power Behind the
Throne. 1 ' Her popularity among her !
present students and those formerly mem
bers of the seminary was attested "by the
presence of a large number of these vbnn«»
ladies, who permitted no good point to
escape their approving applause, and as a
result the whole audience repeatedly united
with them in commending the sentiments
expressed in the paper. In part her re
marks were as follows:
If we consider the different phases of that power
we shall tina that hey are mainly two, viz. : her
power to mold and her power to guide. The mold
ing power is embraced in the two offices, that of
mother and that of teacher: and theguidiajt do war
in that of sis:«. lover or wife.
he first of these carries with It an immense re
spoustbUUy, no matter by whom It is discbarred.
There is no more high and noble dnty in life- no
more Important taste that can be undertaken than
the training and development of the voting ana
growing life. .Nature nerself has clearly indicated
whose du;v this shall be; the finKer of Providence
points to the woman and says: -Behold, her have
1 selected for this holy function. She, and she
alone, is capable of the condition of motherhood ;
and to her naturally belongs toe care of the vounc
life which she has brought into the world."
The choice of the Creator In this respect Is ex- i
tremely significant In the division of labor In the
world between man and woman ; It has left man ■
free to act, to str.ve and to mix with the outer
world. It basiled her down to wba: I consider
the most important duty that can be Riven to man
or woman in this life. It has not only made this
duty hers, bat has given her the qualities that ena- ;
ble her to discharge tbe duty succes.ifallv. wo
man. developed woman, has patience, endless pa- !
tience, great power of ending annoyance and sor- '■
row, and a clear. y defined sense "of right and !
wrong. >o equipped »he li abie to shape tbe life
of the growing boy or girl, to train, to prune, to :
correct. No one so well as the mother can do this,
and sadly untrained and unformed Is often tbe i
young child who comes up to the teacher from the
hand of the nurse or the care of the servant. Lone I
years of patient effort on the part of Hie latter
do cot suffice sometimes to undo the mischief
that has been done.
This duty then of the training and development i
of the young and growing being devolves upon the
mother from th» moment of its birth, and should
be continued, with the help of the teacher, who
should also be a woman, up to the time of the ma- !
turlty of the individual. Almost everything that <
the child is to become in future years depends '■
upon the Influence of these two irnlde». '
The power behind tbe throne in this case rules !
the throne throughout life. We have the testl :
mony of many good men to she fact that the prin
ciples instilled then are never forgotten. Hear
Kuskin as he testifies on this point •
"I have yet with deeper gratitude to chronicle
what I owed to my mother for the resolutely con
sUtent lessons which so exercised me in the Scrip
ture. An i truly, though I have picked on the '
element* of a little further knowledge in mat
matics, meteorology and the like in after life, and
owe not a little to the teaching of caany people i
tbls maternal Installation of my mind I count •
very connoentlv the most precious, and, on the I
whole, the one essential part of all my education "
Coming next to woman's power" behind tne '
throne as wife or aister, and that phase of it which I
Is exerted through hercontinoa! forma- ion of en
vironment. We all know from experience what
environment means to the working man or '
woman: how it can strengthen and comfort, and '
fortify us on the one hand; or exhaust, and weary,
aod weaken ns on the other. And will not the >
Ti J (W( W K Opr0 dcs the armor for « husband in I
the fl«ht,aad who buckles it on when be goes j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, T896.
forth to do battle, will she not be able from her
point of vantage outside the field to observe how
the action progresses, and by her wise counsel to
help wlu the victory?
So far I have spoken only of women behind the
throne as a power for good. Le us see now what
she can do as a power for evil. Suppose we take
the historical and literary example of the wife of
▲ udreadel Sana Here we have the case of a
•a iiiuun who, through the charm of her personal at
tractions, really held the fate Of her husband In her
hands— he a man of the higbeut natural abilities,
but lacking in moral str ngth.
Yet such was his love for her that had she been
able to inspire him with a high and noble ambition
to excel in his art, had it been her aim to develop
to the full all his powers and faculties, he might,
as Browning puts it, have given Hapbael himself
enough to do to excel him. As It is, we Qnd him
caring for nothing but to make a little money with
which to buy her a lace ruffle, or help her to enter
tain her friend'— ambition and character alike
gone, all the high hopes of his youth dashed to the
ground and his splendid abilities wasted.
1 must cloie these remarks by emphasizing and
reiterating what I have already hinted at-that If
woman shall be able adequately to meet the needs
of the times and the demands which her new
position makes upon her, she must try to carry on
as best she can a process of self-development; her
intellectual range should be widened, her sym
pathies deepened and strengthened, her moral and
spiritual nature so fully deve'.oped and so largely
in the ascendant that they not only dominate her
own life, but also leave their lasting impress upon
the lives of every one with whom she comes in
contact. And blessed is tbe people when such a
woman holds the power behind the throne.
Mr. Bennett offered some remarks upon
the paper. He looked to socialism to
make woman a greater power behind the
throne.
The last paper of the morning was by
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, the popular and re
spected lady president of the Woman's
Press Association and vice-president of
the congress. Her theme was "The
Mothers of (ireat Men." In one portion
of her brilliant essay Mrs. Van Pelt said :
The astute and speculative Greek recognized the
mother's influence in developing character, and in
altecttug social and iiatlt.nal life, for oue of their
old proverbs Is: -Mighty is the influence of moth
erhood."
In the study of lives of great men we find that
the mother's influence was the potent factor which
molded the character of these intellectual giants
who became worid movers.
Ureat men have had superior mothers. This
statement is verified by the fact that almost every
man whose name stands high on the historic page
us statesman 'or sage, philosopher or poet, warrior
or reformer, have had mothers of marked ability.
According to the law of heredity, parents live In
the lives of their children. Kspecially is this the
cnae with the mother, who gives to her offspring
not only the peculiarities of her physical but of her
intellectual and moral nature.
In all ages God has honored good mothers. He
could have sent an angel to Bethlehem, bearing in
Its arms the intact Savior, but for all time mother
hood was to be consecrated.
Elizabeth was in her declining years when her
life was biessed by a son. .*he represented the old
era about to pass away, a new era was now about
to be ushered In. for the time had come wllen the
son of Ciod was to appear veiled in human flesh.
So a virgin, type of fhe new dispensation, was
chosen to be the medium through which tbe ad
vent was to be made. While feeling that she waa
not worthy of such honor, yet Man- accepted the
position o: becoming tbe mother of the Messiah
with a heroism as gentle aa it was great, and she
has shown us vow div.ne it is to love, how divine
it is to bo maternally tender, how divine it is to be
womanly.
irom out the darkness of heathendom there
arises one surrounded by a halo of giory. and
Monica, the devout Christian moiher, is (be
fairest and noblest of her time. Her Increasing
prayer was for the salvation of her gifted son.
Augustine. The world owes muca to the faithful
mother of Su Augustine, for by her devotion her
son became the father of theology.
As a fit companion to Monica is Ajithusa, the
motfcerof Cbrysov.om. Left a widow at 20, she
refused all offers of marriage, that she rnUbt de
vote her life to the rearing of h> r son. So well did
she store bit mind with spiritual truths that his
teacher, the great philosopher, Libumius could
not lead him into heathenism.
Aft«r lunch an informal meeting, pre
sided over by Miss Anthony, Miss Shaw
and Mrs. Cooper, was held in the parlors
of the Ho. el Berkshire. There was a large
attendance.
Mrs. Ida Harper, chairman of the press
committee, reported that ail friends of the
woman suffrage movement were more
than delighted at the fearfess and brave
stand taken by The Call, which had
sounded the keynote of the campaign.
The other papers, she conceived, would
soon have to follow in The Calls foot
steps. The Monitor had offered the use of
its columns for articles on the movement,
and several other papers seemed more or
less friendly in tone.
Reports from interior suffrage clubs
stated that thousands of copies of last
Sunday's edition of Th« Call had been
scattered broadcast throughout the State.
There were reported to be forty-6ve active
woman suffrage clubs in various parts of
the State, all in flourishing condition.
The question of ways and means was
referred to a committee consis'ine of Mes
dames Mctomas, Andrews and Hay, with
instructions to prepare subscription-cards
for circa lation among friends of the cause.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Woman Viewed In History, In the
Home and In Time of War.
Tbe informal «e«sion over, the officers
and members returned to the hall.
"The Heroines of History" gave Mrs.
Henry Krebs Jr. her theme at the opening
of the afternoon session. She said :
The women of the Scriptures have filled many
places of honor, trust and authority.
First among women of the old Testament stands
Deborah, the^prophetess. When thisfremarkable
woman was raised up to be their judge and de
liverer the Israelites were in a miserable, forlorn
and degraded condition, being under the subjec
tion and oppression of Jabin. Kingof the Cnnaan
ites. Deborah commissioned Barak to take 10,000
men and to against aisera and bis hosts.
Alarmed at the Idea of encountering so great an
army with so small a force, Barak refused to go
unless she accompanied him. >he repllrd to him
that she had offered him the command and with
It the honor: that she would go with him. but the
glory of the victory should be given to a woman.
Deborah so inspired her followers by fiery ap
peal and battle cry mat they rushed upon the
enemy and, with God on their side, the immense
army of Cnnaanitea was discomfited and over
thrown.
For wisdom, patriotism and valor '"she was un
surpassed by any ruler of Israel from Moses to
l>avld, a period of 400 years."
Her higher qualities as prophetess and priestess
are Indicated in "her glorious song of triumph
which for poetry, sublimity and historic Interest
has seldom been exceeded."
She arrogated to herself no other title than that
of "mother." showing that it was love for her
country and people that stirred her whole spirit to
assume the responsibilities of government when
the wisdom and sa«> city of man proved uneo.ua!
to the task.
The Scriptural commentators have remarked
"that Deborah alone of all tbe rulers of Israel went
ucreproved by the prophets and Inspired
historians." "The land bnder her rule had rest
for forty years," and the "hand of the children of
Israel prospered."
Uow brave tbe spirit that took Judith to the
camp of Holoferaes In performance of an act that
should save the besleeed city of Bethnlia.
What fidelity to kindred and friends was dis
played by Esther, the beantilul Jewisu maiden
who when raised to the proud position of the
Queen of Persia forgot not her people, and at the
risk of life itself saved them from annihilation.
We have in this new land many women whose
heroic acts and patriotic deeds rendertbeni worthy
of our highest reverence and administration. I
Of those distinguished for heroism and fortitude
In philanthropy we name as entitled to high re
nown such illustrious women as Dorothea L. nix
Klizabetii Fry. Mrs. Jndson, Margeret Fuller, Mary
Wollstonecraft, Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Mary a'
Livermor-, Dr. (.{race Klmbali and Susan B. An
thony, our champion and our chief, who has the
rare distinction of having given her life and labor
unremittingly for fifty years to the uplifting of
her sex.
Through th° dark night of discouragements, dis
appointments, scorn and derision, with dauntless
courage, strong in her conviction of right, this
grand woman has unceasingly toiled.
But the dawn has come and the full noontide
glory is not far distant when her labors shall have
their full fruition.
And a* she is the noblest of living matrons, so
may she yet wear the civic crown of American
citizenship in the land which shall have received
Its '-new birth of freedom."
Mr*. J. F. Swift opened the discussion
by referring to the many noble women of
all times whose names are not chronicled
on the pages of human history.
Mrs. Cooper referred to the biblical
character so well jrnown as the unknown
widow who contributed her mite to the
treasury, and she characterized her as one
of the unknown heroines of history.
At this juncture a lady's cnair slipped
from beneath her and she slid some dis
tance on the waxed floor, knocking down
other chairs in her wild career, to every
body's consternation.
"bince this congress opened," observed
Miss Shaw, "at least fifty women have
fallen, frontways, sideways and every way.
and yet not one of them has let out a
scream. It looks as though women were
learmne self-control."
"When the Native Daughters have a
hall," commented Mis. Swift, "we'll have
chain that women can sit on without dan
ger to life and limb."
Mrs. George T. Gaden read a charming
paper on the potent influence of woman in
the home. Her brilliant essay had for its
title, "The Slave as tiuler," but the woman
whom she painted seemed far from being
a servant. She traced the power of a good
woman on husband, brothers and sons,
showine how a woman of prudence and
fortitude could ruie her home as though
»he were a veritable queen. The essay was
frequently interrupted by applause.
Napthaiy Herz lmber, of whom it has
been said he ate onions and breathed de
fiance at the rabbis, was the first one to be
recognized by tbe ccair when the discus
sion was opened. He went into biblical
and medieval history with a rush, and
was somewhere in an" anecdote of Alfred
the Great w&en, the time-limit for such
speeches having expired and the warning
little bell having sounded several times
without his notice, the audience gracefully
applauded him to his original position.
Mrs. Orr offered a few pertinent remarks
on the paper, and then a lady far back in
the audience arose and spoke 6f women in
tne earliest patriarchal age, whom she
said were often the judges.
A brief bat very interesting paper on
'« oman in War Times" was read by
Mrs. E. 0. Smith and called forth a
lengthy discussion.
•• "? bere is a woman ." began Miss Yates,
who more than any other has done much
for the United States. Had it not been
for Anna Ellen Carroll the United States
muht not still have been the United
states of to-day. It was her intimate
knowledge of the South that, given to the
an lp°rities, made many of the victories
of Grant possible. And yet that woman
died in poverty and unrecognized for her
patriotic acts. Misa Anthony and I visited
her in Wa?hineton, where she was being
cared for by the charity of friends. We
tried in vain to get a pension for her.
Though thousands upon thousands of
men have been pensioned she could not be
rewarded.
"And we have poured out millions
granting pensions to men, many of whom
lo | st tbeir eyesight by viewing battles from
Mrs. Andrews of Los Aneeles said she
was a member of an association in that
city composed of Confederate and TJnioo
veterans and their women sympathizers.
she >-aid the organization once gave a
banquet and asked six of tbe lady mem
bers to prepare trie food and lay the tables.
Their work over, the ladies were expected
to leave; but they stayed, and since then
the precedent has been followed, women
having a share in ali the convivial meet
ings of the association.
Mrs. McCauiay said: "I want to men
tion the neroes of our own State, the
pioneer fighters of California. They not
only cleared the way for the immigrants;
tney located many of the valuable mines,
but because they were United States sol
diers they were not permitted to claim
them."
Miss Anna Shaw then advanced to the
front of the platform, and, greeted by the
applause her presence seems always to
call forth, said: "
"Who can say that the women did not
snffer S3 much in war times as the men?
The agony of silent, anxious waiting is as
severe an ordeal as the danger of battle.
The question with us to-day^ however, is
01173 May 7, 1896.
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor The Call:
Dear Sir--Horace Greeley once wrote: "If any person ever
supposed that any earthly consideration could induce me to write
and publish what people desire to read rather than what they ought
to know he has wholly mistaken the purpose for which the Tribune
is published, and he should stop his subscription at once."
When The Call took its position on the side of equal suffrage
I wondered whether the old days of journalism had come again, when
a great modern newspaper dare to have and publish opinions not
dictated by some convention of political highbinders or by the
money-drawer in the business office. Whether this is to be real
ized or not, the attitude of The Call kindles hope, while it re
vives memories of the old Tribune. The incident has also its
amusing features. The headlong haste all the other papers made to
vault over one another to "get in" on the side of The Call in
twenty-four hours after was a sight to behold. I am sure the ex
perience of The Call will demonstrate over again that right,
justice And expediency have not parted company. Yours truly,
JAMES S. REYNOLDS.
not the question of war; it is of peace.
And I wish that the women of this con
gress would by a set of resolutions put
themselves on record as favoring arbitra
tion.
"Though I have been asked many times
to associate myself with societies com
memorating war victories I have refused
to affiliate with them, as I am strongly
opposed to perpetuating fearful struggles
between man and man. i see a much
more commendable organization exist
right here in this State. I mean the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West. Such an
association binds together the founders of
the State. And have you Native Daugh
ters? All the better, but it should be all
one organization— Native Sons and
Daughters of California— for I never did
believe in setting up such distinctions of
sex.'
Then Miss Shaw went on to relate an in
cident in her childhood ; how she had held
the plow and ridden the horse in the corn
fiela during war times, when her father
and brothers were in the army.
Touching upon the heroine', Miss Anna
Ivlla Carroll, mentioned by Miss Gates,
she said that Miss Carroll would not have
died in poverty had there been any wo
men in Congress when her pension was
asked for.
Some one had written Miss Shaw com
plimenting herself, Miss Anthony and
Miss \ates for showing the good sense to
remove their hats in public indoor as
semblages, and hinting stron/ly that If
all women who want the ballot would fol
low «dit it would be a telling point gained
in the good graces of man, anu would ma
tei%lly aid their cause at the election
next November. Miss Shaw advised her
auditors not to let a high hat stand be
tween them and freedom in the coming
election.
Jost before adjournment the following
resolution was adopted:
Rao'.ved, That we in congrress assembled
place ourselves on record aa favoring the set
tlement of all differences and difficulties.
State and National, by arbitration.
The following letter was also read amid
much applause:
National Council of Woxeit of the >
United States, }
New York Citt. April 30. 1896. >
To ifn. Sarah B. Cooper, President, and to the
Woman's Congrex* AtvxiatUm of the Pacific
Coatt in conference assembled
In behalf oi the National Council of Women
of the United States I beg 10 present our most
cordial greetings, our congratulations upon
the past success of your noble organization,
our rcgreu that more of our members cannot
share the benefits of your unequaled pro
grammes, our most sincere sympathy with
your work and cordial good wishes for its
success.
We rejoice In your magnificent effort to dis
cover the right foundations and to rear there
on enduring structures of government for the
individual, the home and the Nation, all of
which ought to profit by your deliberations.
Four facts with relation to government are
true: First— ln time past government* have
rarely aroused themselves to restrain evils, to
restore rights, to correct wrongs, until forced
to do so by the demand of the people. Second—
The people rarely make an effective demand
until to the majorities the need of reform is
apparent. Third— The need of reform is rarely
apparent to majorities until after the investi
gation of fact* and the dissemination of
knowledge on the part of a few.
Fourth— few rarely make such investiga
tion until the evils haTe grown to the propor
tions of great wrongs.
The Woman's Congress Association of the
Pacific Coast seems to be disproving the fourtn
statement and to have aroused itself for the in
vestigation of trnth and the dissemination of
knowledge in time to prevent the destructive
growth of much that is evil and to strengthen
much that is eood.
To this effort the National Council of Women
of the United Slates — committed as it is to the
"highest good of the family and the State, to
the overthrow of all forms of ignorance and
injustice, and to the application of the golden
rule to society, custom and law"— desires to
tender its active sympathy and cordial co
operation. -
Begging to add thereto my own personal
regret at my Inability to share the pleasures
and profits of th« occasion. I am, sincerely
yours. Mast Low Dickussos.
President National Council of Women of the
United States.
EVENING SESSION.
Professor Edward H. Cr\ggs of Stan
ford University Makes a Very
B -in lant Address.
As regards a great audience the at
tendance at last evening's session of tbe
Woman's Congress was second only to the
packed and uncomfortably overcrowded
hall of Wednesday night, "when Miss An
thony and Mis? Shaw and their co-work
ers had returned triumphant from the Re
publican convention at the State Capital :
but as far as intense, prolonged applause
for any one speakers effort is considered,
last night's meeting was tne most notable
of tbe whole successful concress. The
name of Professor Griggs of Stanford Uni
versity several times referred to in paper*
read before the congress, is said to be sufb'
cent in itself to insure a large audience o?
"THE CALL" DARES TO BE JUST.
women. It certainly seemed last night
that the magnetism of his words produced
a wonderful effect upon his hearers.
A pale, intellectual, almost ethereal
looking young man still in his twenties,
he delivered a surprisingly forcible and
' charming extemporaneous speech on be
half of womanhood, an effort that even
Miss Shaw toofc occasion to declare was
, tne embodiment and perfect expression of
her own highest ideals on the subject.
When the wild applause following Pro
! fessor Griggs' introduction had subsided
j he began his address, during which and
I amid repeated applause he said:
Ideals change with all change in actual life. The
Ideal is the horizon, which is determined by the
point where we stand. At the same time the'ideal
i (8 ihe best standard for measuring the actual life.
The key to a man or an epoch is the ideal wor
shiped. What one is to-day is a changing shadow
on the sundial of time, while the ideal is the white
light which casts the shadow.
It is especially important to recognize this In
studying t c changes of ideals of womanhood. I
These changes tell us better almost than anything I
else the true progress of tbe higher human life.
It is extremely difficult to state the fundamental i
. differences between men and women. Sex differ
i entiation Is only one example of^he great principle !
, of division of labor — its aim Is economy and adup- i
| tatlon. In primitive conditions of life the func
tions of women are industrial and reproductive.
while those of men are protective and milltury.
In very early limes a greater equality between '
men and women prevailed than at intermediate :
stages of progress. This is in harmony with '
the general law of evolution. Primitive life
is non-moral, and progress means greater possibil
ity for advance or degeneration.
With the growth of early societies inequality in- '■
creasea in all political and social conditions. '
I State and class tyrannies arose out of loose family j
j and tribal conditions, the nii.i ary functions pre
! dominated over tbe industrial and hence came the '
. enslavement of women. The painful story of slow I
i emancipation is written in great suffering and is ;
j still going on. The freedom of women has fiim
step by step with the emancipation of indubtrial :
functions from the dominance of military ones.
The type of womanhood fostered by such con
ditionsof life was industrial aud domestic. Marriage
was developed by natural selection for tbe better j
protection of ofliprlng, and the woman who had no
opportunity to perpetuate herself was the one wil- j
ling to lose her personality absolutely In the famil v
life.
Yet the close association of two human beings !
reacts upon the development of each, and marriage i
came to be a relation founded to some extent on i
permanent qualities of character We have a '
good illustration of the struggle of the two prin- '•
ciples in the best period of Greek civilization
i where the higher class of courtesans received a '
respect incomprehensible to us, because they- alone ;
were suflicieutly educated to be intellectual com
panions to cultivated man, while tbe Greek wives j
and mothers were kept in ignorance and seclusion. ;
Christianity brought a reverence for womanhood ;
which the ancient world bad never known, ihe
worship of the Virifln placed womanhood in a new
light. Yet the gain was not unmixed witn cvii,
; for the type of woman reverenced was no: the
j human wife and mother. The medieval ideal was '
ascetic and negative. It worshiped the purity of
innocence and not the parity of virtue. It viewed ;
I marriage as a concession to the weakness of man- '
j kind; looked upon those women as noblest who
refused a 1 human ties and chose a life of isolation
from the world.
This ideal was opposed to natural selection ana
had inevitably to disappear The medieval woman
who perpetuated herself in offspring was the one ■
wi.lln« to sinK herself In the life of the famJv. :
Family life might be an adjunct in the lives of
men, but it had to fill the whole of the lives of
married women.
The dawn of modem ideals of womanhood oc
curs In the Renaissance as a part of that wonder- :
ful expansion of life. We and at times a new con- '
cep:ion of marriage and a recognition of higher ;
possibilities in the personal relations. But the '
women who realized this were few in number*,
i^ince that time the growth has been remarkable, '
increasing with immense rapidity in our own time, j
Tbe home is still far from ideal, but marr'.ag^ :
has come to be more and more a spiritual relation i
based on the more permanent qualities of cliarac- ,
ler. This means a change in the basis of natural
selection in its application to women and marri
age. Formerly the woman wbo was able to per
petuate herself was the on?- willing to lose her in
dependent :ife in the family relations. To-day, |
more and more. Intelligent men seek as their ni%-es
MM of independent and free development wbo |
are unwilling to sacrifice their separate life and j
activities entirely to the domestic rel nons. Hence i
educated, intelligent women have mor aud tuore
:be selective value placed upon i u -.-v. th>- strug- !
gle for existence. Marriage cea^e> - merely a i
reproductive and industrial insti.ii.ioii and be
comes spiritual and human.
Tbe failure to see this mars much of the current '
thought on human problems, yet the change in i
the selective principles here is the same as that !
which is seen everywhere. Brute strength was i
once dominant in the struggle for existence; tow -.
it has given place to intellectual and moral i
qualities. When a higher adaptation appears it '
has a greater selective value than those below v |
in the scale. When the family comes to Influence '
deeply the development of each member of it it i
attains a moral significance
Uur epoch Is transitional and hence it is a t me i
of misadjustments. But we c*n afford to bear the ;
i
534 Page Street, San Francisco.
To the Editor of The Call:
It was with feelings of the deepest gratitude and apprecia
tion that I read of the advance position taken by The Call re
garding woman suffrage. The women of California will "rise up
and call you blessed " for your brave efforts in their behalf ;
and when the victory is won next November they will not be
unmindful of the hand that extended the timely aid, of the pilot
that led the way into harbor. They will call mass-meetings in
every city, town and hamlet in the State, at which they will call
to mind the valuable assistance given them by the San Fran
cisco Call in their struggle for independence. The first exer
cise of their newly acquired political privileges will be to call
for the appropriation of a sufficient fund for the erection of a
grand monument in Golden Gate Park, which shall tower high
above all others, and prove a fitting testimonial from thousands
of grateful women of their high esteem and profound admira
tion for the San Francisco Call and its noble representatives.
Should there arise any objection to such use of the public
funds a draft can be made upon the accumulated taxes paid by
women during the pa3 t two hundred years, in the disbursement
of which they had no voice or vote, and with such a vast sum at
their disposal they can erect a monument that will reach the sky.
Meanwhile the women of the State should call for thou
sands of extra copies of .The Sunday Call, and when they call
upon their friends present them with a copy of The Call— the
first great daily that had sufficient backbone and courage to call
the attention of the voters of California to the fact that women
were knocking at the door and calling for admittance into the
duties and responsibilites of citizenship, and to unite its voice
with theirs in the cali for a halt in the present unjust adminis
tration of public affairs, and demanding that woman shall be
called upon to assist in making laws by which she is taxed m* r .
Ned, divorced, sent to jail, prison and hanged. Respectfully yours
Ma^ 3>3 > 1896 « Mrs. J. Schlesinger. '
suffering for the sake of the higher life which v to
come.
The differences net ween men and women are not
to be overcome. Mate will always cost more,
physically and mentally, than fatherhood. It Is
the greatest of all possible errors to attempt to
make women over Into cheap imitations of men.
The "eternal womanly" will always be with us to
lead us on.
Yet the law of evolution In the application to the
higher human life always involves these chases.
Vve pass from a homogeneous, Indlfferentiated
basis, through specialization and differentiation,
to a more organic unity on a higher plane.
Specialization of function Is only a waste of force
unless there is integration or the specialized func
tion in the whole of life. In government we pass
from an indifferent lated unity at the beginning,
through all possible types, good and bad, toward a
certain common tyjie which shall, with the great
est organic unity, give the largest possible freedom
to all. In religion we pass from a simple basis
through all possible beliefs and super
stitions toward a common faith In the ra
tionality of the universe and the one God and
father of us all. similarly, in sex devolopment we
pass from the monogamous family, through all
kinds of conditions, to a monogamous family
which involves, instead of excluding, the widest
specialization of function and life The ideals of
man and woman tend to approach each other and
are united in the Inclusive ideal of the human be
ing. The Ideal man must be Dot only strong and
brave and true, but tender and sympathetic: the
Ideal woman must be not alone loving and sensi
tive and tender, but strong and capable of Inde
pendent life. .Likeness between men and women
is the last thing to be desired, but there can be no
satisfying personal relation without equal freedom
and development.
- Anything which relieves women from the neces
sity of marrying tends to place marriage itself on a
nobler plane. The interests' of men are the in
terests of women. The notion that there is a
necessary struggle for supremacy between the
sexes, and that one conquers at the expense of the
other, is one of the most absurd and pernicious no
tions ever perpetrated upon a patient world.
No regeneration of humanity is to be expected
from giving the suffrage to women. It is only a
step toward freedom: nu". It is such a step, and as
such deserves our cordial support- Out of all the
long struggle of humanity emerges the ideal of
womanhood. It Is the "iCternal Womanly," but
the eternal womanly unhampered by artificial
limitation;. Woman — tender and sensi
tive, but woman strong and true is the modern
ideal; woma , capable of standing alone, and
hence worthy of the deepest human relations—
and Is the ideal of which v.-c catch a glimmer, the
new woman — bless and protect her."
A Mr. Howard opened the discussion by
indulging in what promised to develop
into an interminable dissertation upon the
merits and demerits of the "new woman"
considered in the light of sociology and
evolution, but was cut off by the" three
minute limit.
Another gentleman named Benham
spoke of Lady Aberdeen's lace industry in
Ireland as Rood in its way, but would pre
fer to see the land in that country in pos
session of the natives. He scored absentee
landlordism in the strongest terms.
Mrs. Andrews commented upon the new
woman and the new man in a set of orig
inal verses, which were warmly applauded.
Miss Sarah M. Severance read a most
interesting paper on "Woman's Stake in
the Country o—that0 — that is, it was called a. caper,
but was properly a magnificent extempo
raneous oration. She said :
A stake is something set— something fixed. Has
woman a stake In government? Government Is a
great joint s:oct company, Into which woman Is
born. She cannot sell out or throw up her stock -
sne cannot avoid assessments. Politics Is a method
of management, God's law for the correlation of
human beings; it Is a science, and there is no cor
rnption exrept in Its management; it Is that half
of toe Golden Rule which pertains to hnmamty
The ballot Is a choice, the only choice which is
counted. "Those who have no vo:e are enslaved
to those who have," said Dr. Franklin. lhe
prime object of government is to protect and it is
"5 '£".! "» d *P " verheunwonh and 'be Incapable
of the ballot as of the pistol. If the greatest good of
the greatest number so deman ett4eßl> Booa or
But there should be no impassable barriers. When
the incompetent, the minor, the lunati.-, the idiot
the ignoramus, become capable, when the criminal
becomes wortny, then should they be permitted to
vote their stock. The sex line for vo.erVuThe most
?,?"* E*"? 1 "^!? 1 " ■" marka and funr
w?3. ds t0 different development. Man deals
with the mass, woman with the individual, he
has power, she ethics and intuitions, a feeling of re-
BP^5^ WW i Ul7 i: M l ? Jtoffnnctions. Both are
needed In the nation as in the home. We are told
Ln?,?°, ni * I 1""I 1 ""? 1 voteb^n^ she can't tight
and that she .shan't vo:e because she will plnnjre os
into a religious war: that women will vote Juft v
their nusbands do and that they will vote jail at
their hu,bands don't, and said hnsband/wm £
uciv and make innarmony in the family that
women are too good 10 vote aud wosaea »>*•»££
men to lower levels "smpt
It. after investigating the free States, these
assertions prove true, disfranchise woman the°£
for, but don't disfranchise woman because shells
woman. I: is a stigma upon her non; i: blasts the
race. Star-eyed silence/ in the person of sip
James Cricnton Browne, tells us thiV -once edu^
BACKBONE AND COURAGE.0
-Mrs. George T. Gadcn. the Little Woman Who Has So Cheerfully Performed the
Many Duties of Corresponding Secretary and Chairman of the Programme
Committ-'e of the Woman's Congress, and Who Read a Clever Paper at the
Afternoon Session Yesterday on "The Slave as Ruler."
cation of females produces megrimous women, so
woman must not vote." Is not the meerimous
woman the one element lacking to clarify the
••filthy pool?" We are told In the name of science
that ourplaioid bone is not the rich* shape for
liberty: neither was the negro's shinbone, but he
is in. Let us turn toe X-ray on our plutoids, for it
is especially bird to be betrayed by our malformed
pla:oids just us the Kepublic&n party and The
Calx have indorsed us and the other parlies and
papers ire standing on one foot eager to catch on.
1 In- dead-line lor woman is the ballot-box. She
• may po everywhere els« safely: even Alone. Let
us arouse a crusade to rescue the American ballot
box and American manhood.
-. The following telegram from the Count
ess of Aberdeen was then read uruid much
applause:
Toronto, May 3.
• Rev. Anna Shave: Please convey kindest greet
ings ai.d best wishes to Pacific Coast Council.
Lady Aberdeen.
The following answer was dispatched:
■.Lady Aberdeen, Toronto: The Pacific Coast
Woman's Congress return greetine most cor
dially. We are moving toward the front.
Anna. Shaw.
The last paper of the evening. was read
by Mrs. Harriet W. Russell-Strong, presi
dent of the Ebell Society of Los Angeles.
Her subject was "The Mother, Old and
New."
"Sparta," she said, "depended in great
part upon its mothers for the noble men
who inhabited that country. Tne Spartan
women were said to be the only ones who
could rule men. The Roman mothers of
old were free women and not household
drudges, and this may have much to do
with the illustrious bravery of their eons.
"Eve undoubtedly strove to teach her
sons the lessons of divine harmony which
she had learned from the lips of the
Almighty. This teaching in the case of
Abel was successful, in that of Cain it ap
pears to aye been in vain; but in each
in.-tance the reaching itspil was the same
and the devoted teacher blameless for un
toward consequences.
"The true mother must labor without
ceasing to bring about the new paradise.
The garden of Eden was not enlivened by
the sound of children's laughter. The
new Eden will be the home of glorious
motherhood. And the glory and crown of
motherhood is that grand, self-renouncing
love which is the very life of liberty."
' The question-basnet was then opened
and the first question was found to be:
"If women vote will they not deprive
men of Government positions?" .
To which Miss Shaw made answer as
! follows:
"The class of men who seek public office
only for their own support," is the class
of men who ought to be put out and
women put in.
"Here is a biblical question: 'Does the
Bible mention woman suffrage? 1 Biblical
. questions teem to bother a good many
people, and often more after men preach
ers have expounded them than before.
The scriptures say God created man and
•woman, and made them the rulers of the
earth. The scripture is full of the equality
of man and woman."
Several other questions were answered,
Miss Shaw's ready wit and keen satire de
lighting the audience, while the pith of
all her replies left them with something
to think about. An adjournment was then
taken until to-day.
A magnificent floral anchor was one of the
decorations on the platform last evening.
It was made of Marecbal roses, yellow
sweet peas, ferns and smilax, and was
from Mr?. Annie B. Andrews of .Los
f Angeles, on behalf of the women of
Southern California.
THE THEOSOPHICAL VIEW.
Men and Women Are Equal and
No Distinction Should Be
Made.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, who is one of
the advanced exponents of theosophy in
this City, declared yesterday that any
statement that theosophists were opposed
to woman's suffrage was absolutely un
true. He held not only that woman was
entitled to suffrage, but that she was
equal to the male of the human species in
•everything according to the philosophy of
his society.
"Woman's equality with man in every
particular, including suffrage, is recog
nized completely throughout the Theo
eophical Society," he saia. •'Theosophy
teaches that the same Ego, or soul, mani
fests alternately during a series of lives as
male or female as its needs demand. All
manifestation is dual, and human life
necessarily requires its dual manifestation.
This is found in the male and female na
tures, the difference in which is only very
imperfectly expressed in sex. Sex is only
one of the many differences which mark
the swing of the Ego from pole to pole of
manifested human life. Both poles are
VENTURA APPRECIATIVE
Ventura, Cal., May 6, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call:
Allow me, in the name of the Equal Suf
frage League of Ventura, to express our<
delight at the bold step you have taken in
declaring for woman suffrage. Knowing the
press to be the molder of public opinion, we
cannot express the gratitude we feel when
such a paper as The Call, with its clean
reputation and wide circulation, takes up
our cause .
Victory seem 3 almost in sight.
MRS. ORESTES ORR,
Cor. Sec. Ventura Equal Suffrage League.
recognized philosophically as being abso
lutely equal.
"For a theosophist to say tbat man is
superior to woman, or woman to man,
would imply an almost entire ignorance of
theosophidU puilosophy.
"To give woman the ballot could not
but have a most beneficial effect, for it
would bring a new, purer and more con
servative element into our political life,
and would add very greatly toour stability
as a Nation. The refining influence of
woman at the polls would be just as ap
parent as it is in the home. Aside from
all special pleas, however, the fact that
theosophists look upon the human soul as
sexless, and that sex is only a phenomenom
of form, would show the absurdity of as
signing to woman an inferior place at the
councils of the Nation.
"To the theosophist justice is the key
note of all philosophy, and any denial of
the equality of the sexes would be a posi
tive injustice, and no true theosophist can
make such an assertion.
"Tne reincarnation of the Theosophical
Society in this century was due almost
wholly to the efforts of one woman,
Madam Blavatsky. Theosophv honors
women without attributing to them any
of that false aneelic superiority with
which shallow philosophers clothe them.
THE TRUE JOURNALISM
To the Editor of The Call:
Permit me to congratulate you on your advanced step in true
journalism, the advocacy of the true reforms of the day. I con
sider your issue of yesterday the best you have ever published.
The full and complete report of the speeches at the Woman's
Congress is worth more to the best interests of this State than the
"Holmes Confession" or the "Durrant murder trial" a thousand
times over. May you advance and prosper. Respectfully,
May 5, 1896. Mrs. M. Smith.
They are simply our equals in every
respect; our brothers and comrades in the
battle of life."
To-Day's Programme.
The last working day of the congress
will be devoted to a consideration of "The
Claims — General and Special— of Woman
Suffragists." The day's programme will
be as follows:
Morning session, 10:30 o'clock— "Women as
Citizen?." Mrs. Emma Seckle Marshall, Oak
land; "Housekeeping and City-keepinc," Miss
Harriet May Mills, New York; "Rlehi of Repre
sentation," Mrs. Alice Moore McOomas, Los An-
Keles; 'Reaction of Injustice," Miss barah
Severance.
Afternoon session, 2:30 o'clock— "Rights of
Property and Rights of Persons, " Mrs. Harriet
W. Ku'sell Strong; 'Private-spirited Mothers,"
Rev. Anna H. Shaw; "A New Citizenship"
(sympoFium). Mrs. A. A. Sargent. Mrs. John F.
Swift, M.>s MollieE. Connors, Miss Mills; "A
Stronger Home" (paper), Mrs. Helen Campbell
of Chicago, 111. .
Evening session, 8 o'clock — "How Far Is
Woman Adapted and Adaptable to Political
Functions. " Professor H. H. Powers, Stanford
University; "Children of a Larger Growth "
Rev. Anna H. Shaw; "Practical Ethics for the
Home and (iovernment," Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
president of the congress.
TO AID THE GREAT WEST
An International Exposition of
Trans • Mssissippi
Products.
California Asked to Contribute Money
and Products and Show the World
Her Fertility.
Isaac W. Carpenter, a member of the
board of managers of the Trans-Mississippi
International Exposition Association of
Omaha, Nebr., is in this City for the pur
pose of arranging for an exhibition of
California's products in that city in 1898,
beginning in June and ending in Novem
ber.
The Trans-Miesissippi Association has
been in existence eight years, and has
held meetings during that time consider
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
ing matters of interest to the Western
country; such as the silver Question, the
Nicaragua canal, good roads, etc. At its
meeting in Omaha last November, the
matter of holding an international exposi
tion of the products of the great West was
discussed, and the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, We believe that an exposition of
all me products, industriea and civilization of
the States west of the Mississippi Kiver made
at 8om« central gateway, where the world can
behold the wonderful capabilities of these
wealth-producing States, would be of great
value, not only to the Trans-Mississippi States,
but to all the home-seekers of the world;
therefore.
Resolved, That the United States Congress be
requested to take such steps as may be neces
sary to hold a Trans-Mississippi Exposition at
Omaha during the months of August, Septem
ber and October, in the year 1893, and
that the representatives of such States and
Territories In Congress be requested to favor
such an appropriation as is usual in such
cases to assist in carrying out this enterprise.
Mr. Carpenter said yesterday that it was
the plan to have the association repre
sented by a vice-president in every State
and one from the city of Omaha. He ad
ded that that city had been selected as the
site for the exposition because it was in
the center of a thickly populated portion
of the United States. Within a radius of
500 miles there are States whose combined
population is 20,000,000. The territory
comprising tne trans-Mississippi country
is two-thirds of the area of the whole
United States and has not quite one-third
of the entire population.
The idea of the association was that
Omaha, being near the eastern boundary
of this region, Eastern people could oe
more easily reached and brought there
more easily than they could be induced to
go to any of the more western cities, such
as Salt Lake and Denver.
"We hope to show to the home-seekers of
the East" continued Mr. Carpenter, "that
it is to iheir advantage to come West and
till up this grand and fertile country. Then
will there be a grand market for "Califor
nia's products, for east of the Mississippi
California comes into competition wun
Florida and other heavy fruit-growing cen
ters.
"The Legislature of lowa has already
made an appropriation for the purpose of
assisting to defray the expenses of the ex
position, and the Legislatures of other
States are taking up tbe matter. The Na
tional Congress is now considering an ap
propriation of $250,000. and the bill has
already passed the Senate. The merchants
of St. Louis aud the Chamber of Commerce
of Los Aneeles have adopted resolutions
favoring the exposition. Governor Budd
has appointed Georae W. Parsons of Los
Angeles as vice-president for California.
It is expected that the California Board of
Trade will take up the matter and prepare
an exhibit that will eclipse any that nas
been hitherto made by any State."
Mr. Carpenter will leave for Salt Lake
to-day.
A 517.000 Watch.
"While in Geneva some months ago,"
said Colonel J. R. Reynolds, "I visited the
principal watch works there, and as a
matter of curiosity asked the manager
what was the highest-pric»d watch That
was made in Geneva. He said that the
most expensive watch turned out in Switz
erland was worth $700. This watch had a
split second hand and struck the hours if
needed. It also had in it a tiny musical
box, which played three distinct tunes.
This watch, he said, was tne finest that
could be made, but tbat ornaments, dia
monds, etc.. could be worked into the cases
which would run the price up into as
many thousands as the purchaser desired.
He said there had been one watch made in
his establishment, the ca^es of which ha<l
2029 Virginia Street, Berkeley.
been studdod with diamonds, and which
hail cost $17,000, but as far as the watch it
self was concerned it was a ?700 watch." —
Washington Star.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R C Forysyth, La C Clark. Anror*. 11l
E D Itantiisier. Mont T F Burydorff, USX
J T Harrington, C'olusa It Becker, Sacramento
J C Lewis, Portland T T Haetaon, Nebr
Dr man, Pasadf na X R Wright <fc wf. Pa
Cli Howaid *m. Mo J C Bennett, Boston
X X Macomber, Denver V Kervin, Virginia City
J M Dowsing, Ariz M B Mendbam, N V
A Mora, N V Mrs ilendhatn. R V
Mrs A Mora, NY O SV Dunn, Stanford
F F Raymond, Boston Miss MPRayuiond.Bostn
Mrs U T Baker. Berkeley Mrs FFKaymond.Boston
P Blackmail. Chicago R L Campbell, St Jot;
A Sfcditwiek. NY a Deiamar, Paris
Mm Sedgwick, X V DrRK Smith, U SS
F W Symonds, D 8 V X W Hall * wf, facto
J X Terry .* wf, *»cto O Kr<lln, Stanford
J II Lyon & wf, .\ V Miss Butcher, N V
C \V White, Boston I) M Ferry *. wf, Detroit
Miss Ferry, Detroit D M Perry Jr, Detroit
N A Baldwin <fcw-f, Conn Dr Grlnnell, N V
Mrs Alvarez. X V
GRAND HOTEL.
W E Peck, Santa Cruz R B Cullahan. Stockton
B Gillespie, Pleasanton X C Cbatscorn, Stockton
J T Laird. Alturas Al Griffin, Fresno
Mrs J Mall, Oakland J W Bailey, Montana
£\ T ., h , c ?,'' er> Ca i , Rausseau, Bakersfield
Dr J W Petty, Nevada E B Rogers, PlacervUle
C B Ilealy <St w, Novato R E Murray. Sacto
G J Casanova, Lytton tip i R Tavlor, Mayfleld
«,A. I?^ n - *-T-_. H w Hughes, Mo.l,
W V M Kenson, Cal R L Thompson, Modesto
C D Bunker, Alameda V Goodman, (. ourtland
H C Armes, Cal Mrs J L Mc.Maehin. Cal
E J Briscoe, Mission S J H F Feddart, Stanford
L Hetlborn, .-acts J W Linscott. Santa Crui
C H Lead better Jr.Stktn D C Clark, Santa Cruz
JAW Wltmore, S Bdno W H Topley. Valejo
T J Jackson <fe w, Sacto i" N Ollmer. M 1), Eureka
J O French, Cal W G Poage. L kiah
M M union, Cal MB Gibson, Uktah
R A Bird, Los Anjreles J E Re:l:y, i hrlstun
J F Thompson, Eureka J G Martin, bacto
A P Weir, Los Angeles G D Adams, Boston
X E Katz, san Bdno H A McCmney, facto
H G Tanner, Los Banos Dr W Dodge, LosAnseles
Miss Tanner, Los Hanos Charles Paul, Stockton
R F Glover, Denver . J C Oatnian, Sacto
U Johnston, Pieasanton J F Mcuovern, Sonora
T F Rutner, Eureka J B Rank & w. Wash
0 E Lindsay, Santa Cruz F S Wagner, Los Angeles
LICK HOUSE.
J D Thompson, Salinas W Lampert, Barramento
O L, Arnold, Los Ang J C Ball Jr, Aroata
Mrs E A Parker. Md D A Francis. FeruJale
M M OraK?. Monterey I L Blair. Cal
J C Lome, san Diego F Mclver, invo
LJ P Merrill, Los Ang O O l'arsons.Maderft
J W Morrill, COio A E Noack, Saco
J X Richards, Cal Mrs 8 B Davis, Btockton
Miss Davle, Stockton Mrs A M Ferguson Cal
Miss Fcriruson. Cal J Robertson. Tulare
J A Mellon &w, Colo W E Duucan, <>roville
E O SHrgpnl A w, Cal Mrs V Tull, Alameda
W O Watson. Cal Mrs Q O Briggs Davla
T A Honder&w.Sonora C B Watson. Ashland
F X riood, Arcata P Valensin, Arno
Mrs A M Valensin, Cal Dr A Mont*guei£ w Gait
Mrs W R J-urfe*, Mass B Durfee, Fall River
J Dtirfee, Fall River F T Duhrin*, w <fc eh Cal
R Barcar, Vacavlllo G Ackennan, Fresno'
J D Culp, ban Felipe
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C Lynch, Los Angeles G Migllavacca. Nan*
B Morgan, Berkeley H V Doyer <fe w, Km Rosa
A Fibush, Oakland J Hu«ht>ersr, Oakland
F Lemon, Boston V A Cooper. Los Angelas
T Tully Aw. Buffalo W Lehr, RedUnds Ke ' oß
Mrs C 8 Clark, Ohio \V 8 Banneli, Detroit
W H Fulcher. Stockton J J Nelly, Stockton
J F Fel;on, Sacramento W H oune, Santa Ron
GSWllllams&w.Stocktn H Label I, San Diego "
C V Christ. San Maieo A Dugan, San Mhk-o
C Martin, Vallejo J M Richardson, El Paso
F A Thomas, El Paso Mrs F Thomas, El Paso
H Murry, Dallas C Miller, Flu
H Lawrence, Boston T Berry, St Paul
11 Brooks, St Paul F A Bonner, N V
NEW WEBTERN HOTEL.
F P Baam A wf, Seattle D O'shea, Santa Roaa
C J McDonald. NY J C Whittfer, N V
J J Brown, Los Angeles I R Richardson, Tacoma
H Woods. Seattle W Hahn, San Jose
J C Van Eman, Angel I J Brown, Anuel Island
J Rynn, Sun Jose E J Mauonev. Seattle
J Morrlssey. Victoria s McQuisti-n*, N V
F 1 Hart, St Louis J Ford, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
A L Jacobs, NY IN Hyde, Fresno
E N Wilson, Los Ann L J Srhaffer, lowa
M Mount. Eureka < c Harris, Fresno
X J Brown, Sncto H Rutb, Tracy
J Flynn. Stockton J M Curtis, Prenno
J N Ritchie, IxisADg A X DlUer, Los Ant
Mrs F B Uolbrook, or '
WEAVER OUT, REDDY IN,
A Change Finally Made in the
Superintendency of the
Almshouse.
TAYLOR'S STERN ARRAIGNMENT
The Acting Executive Pours Hot
Shot Into the Beard ani
the Governor.
The Board of Health guillotine fell upon
the neck of Superintendent Weaver of the
Almshouse yesterday, and unless the
courts sustain him in the contest which
he threatens his watch at the helm of the
City poorhouse is at an cud.
The decapitation was to have taken
place on Wednesday, but at the last mo
ment Dr. Williamson, who some time ago
announced his intention of voting for the
retention of Weaver first, last and all the
time and then changed his mind and
agreed to vote with the majority, experi
enced a change of heart and told i)rs.
Morse, Hart and Fitzgibbon that he
would have to think the matter over.
Yesterday he had been sufficiently braced
up by the other members to vote accord
ing to bis pronii.-e, and the programme
went through without a hitch, except the
usual vociferous wrangle that nas charac
terized the meetings of the present board
ever since its members took their seats.
After the members had come together
with acting Mayor Taylor in the chair
yesterday Dr. Fitzgibbon moved that the
office of superintendent of the Almshouse
be declared vacant.
The chairman refused to entertain the
motion, but an appeal from the decision
was carried and the matter went to a vote.
Before this action was taken, however,
acting Mayor Taylor handed the chair
over to Dr. Morse and said a few words
that made the medical members squirm
in their seats.
After briefly reviewing the fight that had
been made to remove Weaver he said:
"I have found a business economy as
far as the superintendent's personal efforts
are concerned, and when he was not ham
pered by appointees of this board who
were unfit for the performance of the du
ties devolving upon them.
"I say that he has been hampered by in
competent men, who were appointed by
this board, and I can give you names if
I necessary. The public must know it, and
shall know it. The members of the Board
of Supervisors— men of average intelli
gence, have examined the institution, and
j they agree it is a mistake to change the
| management. The Grand Jury iuspected
it, and thry have said that it is the best
i managed institution in the City. I don't
know why this matter was brought up
here to-day, for 1 thought that it had
been settJed long ago. PerhaDs it was ex
j pected that I might vote for Mi. Weaver's
i removal without a thorough knowledge of
the facts; but I'm not built that way. I
dent suppose 1 could change the opin
ions of any of you men, if I should talk
from now until "doomsday, but I cay that
the contemplated action of this board is
unjust and undignified. Moreover, I am
inclined to think that it emanated from
the high and exalted position of chief
executive of the .-tutu and that it has de
scended into the tilthy pool of politics to
gratify the lust of a greedy politician.
This man, who lias lived in this commun
ity for half a century and who is known to
be an honest and in upright official, is to
be s-ncrifietd in order that the behests of a
man who has not u.e interests oi this city
at heart, but who is actuated entirely by
political selfishness, shall be rarried out.
If this don't act as a boomerang upon
Democracy, then I am very much mis
taken. Tne consummation of this con
templated outrage upon the community
will never be forgiven."
Not to be outdone, Dr. Fitzpibbon took
the floor and demanded a vote on his
motion, after vehemently denying that he
was a politician or tnat the superin
tendent's removal had any connection with
politics. Drs. Hart, Morse and Fitzgibbon
voted aye promptly , but Dr. Will ianison
had a long explanation to make, the
burden of which was that he was opposed
to the removal of Mr. Weaver, but had
concluded that for the best interests of the
Almshouse, wnich was being injured
through the continual bickering and con
flict of authority, he would vote with the
majority. Chairman Taylor voted no em
phatically.
Dr. Hart moved that Captain Edward
Keddy be appointed to the vacant position,
and the measure carried, Dr. Williamson
refusing to vole and Chairman Taylor vot
ing no.
When Mayor Sutro learned .of the action
tiiken by the Board of Health he expressed
nimselt as follows:
"I am sorry to see that Mr. Weaver has
been removed, fco-called additional evi
dence was submitted to me last Sunday,
professing to make some of his acts appear
criminal. I carefully went through it and
with the explanation that was given me
by Mr. and Mrs. Weaver I am satisfied
that there was no criminal intent and that
the most that can be said about it is that
Mrs. Weaver may have been euilty of
carelessness.
"I believe that on examination by a
proper court, where the value of the "evi
dence would be properly weighed, espe
cially that coming irom discharged em
ployes, Mr. and Mrs. Weaver would be
set before the public in a lignt that they
they would not be ashamed ot."
INDICT HIM IN SECRET.
Cautious to Prevent Public
Knowledge of Grand
Jury Doings.
The Board of Health Did Not Appear
in Response to the Jury's
Request.
The Grand Jury yesterday held an extra
tight secret session in the innermost room
of the inner recesses of the District Attor
ney's office. To reach the sanctum of
secrecy one had to pass through the apart
ments of District Attorney Barnes, J, A.
riosmer, Alfred P. Blact, E. D. Peixotto,
Walter B. Blair, John B. Tungate, Thomas
F. Dunn, Arthur Brand and Robert
Hogan.
The District Attorney cautioned his as
sistants particularly to breathe no whisper
and convey no hint as to the mysterious
doings of the Grand Jury. Each assistant
was loaded with the secret that an indict
ment was pending, but all were instructed
not to come in contact with an outsider
lest the aecret should escape by induction.
Captain Lees also had the secret, and a
half dozen detectives shared the responsi
bility with him of keeping it.
The grand jurors themselves took a
double-riveted oath of secrecy, and to
miike the compact more binding each
gave his personal word of honor to di
vulge nothing of their proceedings until
the man the detectives wanted was caught.
Corked up in this fashion the jury de
liberated. At half-past 4 o'clock Frank
Maskey, foreman, led the column of his
secret-burdened followers to Judge Slack's
courtroom and there presented his Honor
an indictment. The latter read it, and
when be got possession of the secret, of
course, the tension on the others was
slightly relaxed.
When Judge Slack finished reading he
looked at District Attorney Barnes, and
the latter moved that the indictment De
placed on the secret file. To keep the mat
ter secret he went still further and moved
that the name of the person indicted be
not written in the minute-book of the
Clerk. As an extra precaution he asked
permission to withdraw from the posses
sion of the court the indictment papers
and Judg Siack granted this request.
Various stories were soon in circulation
at the City Hail. The fact that W. H.
Crocker oc"o c " the CrocKer- Wool wortn Bank
was a witness in the jury-room gave rise
to the rumor that the "bank had been
cheated by forgery.
Mr. Crocker himself said last night:
"There is no trutn In that story. I was
before the Grand Jury on another matter,
and the bank has nothing to do with the
indictment."
Then another story went the rounds to
the effect that a prominent railroad man
had been indicted for erubezzlement.
This story is flatly denied.
The truth of the matter, so far as can be
ascertained, is this: Captain Lees has dis
covered that a clever crook bearing several
aliases, one of which is plain "Jones," is
in town. The captain feared that any
outside »alk about the indictment would
be conveyed to Jones, alias Crook, et al.,
and that the latter would shake the dust
of the peninsula from his garments be
fore the police could him.
The nature of the forgery committed is
not so remarkable and the amount of
money embezzled is not astounding. The
main object in view is to keep Jones in
ignorance of wcat the Grand Jury is doing
and to convince him that our detectives
know when a noted crook is in town.
The Grand Jury expected to hrar mem
bers of the Board of Health yesterday, but
thesp doctors being busy elsewhere in
practical politics, paid little heed to the
request of the jury. Next time tn<» request
to bear the members of the Board of
Health may be in the form of a summons.
George Kobertson, the steward of the
City and County Hospital, has been will
ing for some^ time to explain to the jury
why coarse raw su^ar was procured for
the patients. He fancies that he can con
vince the jury that the brown-black raw
sugar is the sweetest thing on earth, al
though it is not of tne grade called for in
the contractor's schedule.
On the sugar question the mind of the
jury is rixed. Arthur Price had samples
of the sugar analyzed and the report of the
analysis is on file.
The Board of Health's presence is de
sired in order that some explanation may
be given as to why the hospital is not kept
clean, why the rooms are unswept and
why old, wooden slopbuckets are left
standing in the kitchen. In a word, the
Grand Jury wants to know why the pa
tients at the hospital cannothave the
civilizing influences of cleanliness in the
establishment.
Last night one of the jurors said :
"I understand the account for the main
tenance of the hospital is already over
drawn to the extent of $9000. The Board
of Health, instead of loosing after hospi
tal affairs, is making a place in the Alms
nouse for a non-resiuent. Affairs have
come to such a pass that public sentiment
will cause the next Legislature to abolish
the State Board of Health entirely, and
then San Francisco can manage the hos
pital and Almshouse without State inter
ference. Thete institutions are supported
by local taxes and should be controlled by
the local governing body. This last out
rage of removing a capable superintendent
to make a place for an outsider is the most
grievous violation of civil service reform
ever committed."
IS BEHELD WITH HORROR
Historic Journey of a Horseless
Carriage Through Ala
meda CouDty.
Two Lauies at Newark and Many
Others Were Glad When It
Had Passed By.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 8. )
Charles Fair's horseless carriage has
made a streak of history during the past
week. It extends from Oakland to fcau
Jose.
The vehicle that announces its presence
by emitting puffs from the vicinity of its
rear wheels has passed through Alameda
County, and in those neighborhoods
whose commercial life is wrapped up in
strawberry beds and potato patches, and
where the nearest approach to metropoli
tan life is a lamppost with coal oil
illumination, it has created a great sensa
tion.
Several minor accidents are also attrib
uted to it and many unnecessary scares
have furnisned the basis for several stories
of "narrow escapes from death."
In Oakland the machine created genu
ine surprise, but the citizens suppressed
it, not wishing to be taken for residents
of the suburbs of Milpitas. San Leandro
and Haywards saw it and wondered, but
after it left San Lorenzo the denizens of
the vegetable districts laid do^-n their
hoes and gazed with open mouths. The
horses, who had never seen anything more
uncanny than a Chinaman in a passion,
shied and jumped and broke their bay
band harnesses and did considerable dam
age.
At Newark the puffing cart created more
sensation than a traveling circus. It will
long be remembered there and be ranked
as of similar importance to the latest visit
of Cupid in their midst.
Mr. and Mrs. Wills of Newark met the
snorting phenomenom and their horse
at once renounced his allegiance to the
reins, broke his harness and injured him
seif with one of tlie broken shafts.
A lady who was driving with her chil
dren encountered the carriage and her
horse at once bolted. The lady was nearly
paralyzed with fright, but one of the little
children who was carrying her pet dog
clasped her animal in her arms, and after
the gasoline vehicle had passed they
emerged safely from under the seat.
At Milpitas the whole uopulation turned
out to see the novelty. Ail through the
town the party was tendered an ovation,
but there was an agreeable feeling of se
curity wheii the sound of the puffing had
died away. All along the journey there
was an indefinable fear that the thing
might "go oft," but instead it went on till
it reached San Jose.
A Dangerous Friend.
He is the greatest bore in Dallas. We
will, however, not mention bis name, on
account of the libel law. He was talsing
to a crowd about the coming local election.
Referring to an aidermanic candidate, the
bore said :
"Jones is a good man; he 19 capable,
honest, fearless and conscientious. He
will make the very kind of an Alderman
we need. I have special cause to be grate
ful to Jones. He saved me from drown
ing."
•'Do you really want to see your friend
Jones elected?" asked a solemn-faced old
man in the group.
"Of course I do," exclaimed the bore.
"Then don't let the voters know that he
saved your liie or he will be snowed un
der."
The group laughed and dispersed. —
Texas Sittings.
Knocked Out by Hailstones.
Miss Lenore Smith, a student at Mount
Union College, while on her way home
was caught in the storm. She was struck
on the head by the large hailstones,
knocked down and was unconscious for
threa hours. She has been ill ever since
with concussion of the brain. — Cincinnati
Enquirer.
The best marksmen are usually those
with, gray or blue eyes.
HYMEN HAS BEEN HURRIED
The Hobart- Williams Wedding to
Bs Celebrated on Tues
day Next.
AN EASTERN HONEYMOON.
Miss Jenrre Elair Entertains a Num
bjr cf Fr en^s in Honor of
Charles N. Feltoa Jr.
On Tuesday next. May 12, the much
discus«-ed Hobart- Williams nuptials will
be celebrated.
Since the announcement of the engage
ment of this fortunate young couple so
ciety has found their approaching mar
riage a fruitful and interesting theme for
discussion.
Everybody, high and low, rich and poor
alike, have taken as it were a personal in
terest in the gracious and beautiful young
bride and the manly groom.
All agree that the possession of many
millions has not taken a bit iroin the
frank, generous spirit of the young
Croesus, and that of all the society beaux
none are more truly and thoroughly Amer
ican than young Hobart.
Of the beautiful bride there has yet to be
spoken an unkind word. Friends, admir
ers, even rivals, find nothing but the bc-t
and kindest things to say of her. They
dwell upon her modesty, her gracious
charms, her rare beauty and, last but
not least, her unusual mental attain
ments.
The only expressed regret is that the
wedding is to be so quietly celebrat-d. It
is to be a noon ceremony and only the im
mediate relatives, about twenty in num
ber, will be present.
The attending festivities are to be con
ducted with the utmost simplicity, on
account of the extremely delicate health of
the bride's mother, w r ho has been an in
valid for the past sixteen years.
Miss Juliet Williams, the bride's only
sister, is to be the maid of honor and
Harry Stetson the best man.
Miss Ella Hobart, sister of the groom,
is to be the bridesmaid.
After the ceremony the happy young
couple will leave fur an extended' Eastern
visit. They will visit all the principal
Eastern watering placet and at Bar Har
bor will be the guest of Governor Denni
son of Ohio and Mrs. Dennison, cousin of
the bride. They will then return in time
to be at Del Moiite during the shoot. The
winter will be spent in this City at the
Hobart mansion, and next spring the
young millionaire and his bride will tour
Europe.
Miss Williams has already received
many elegant and costly wedding gifts,
prominent among which are a complete
table service of solid cold and a diamond
sunburst, both the gifts of the groom's
sister, Miss Ella Hobart,
Invitations have been issued for the
opening of the Pacific Yacht Club, which.
will take place at the clubhouse at Sausa
lito. The festivities will be held both this
afternoon and evening.
Miss Jennie Blair gave a theater party on
Wednesday evening at the Baldwin, compli
mentary to Charles N. Felton Jr., who leaves
to-day for New York en route to Europe.
Alter enjoying Eddie Key and his amus
ing creation of "Miss Brown," the party re
paired to the Palace Hotel, where an elaborate
supper was served.
Miss Blair's guests were: Miss Laura Mc-
Kinstry, Mlbs Jennie Hooker, Miss Laura
Bates. Mrs. Blair, Charles N. Feltou Jr., Jerome
Hurt, Walter Newhall, Waiter JJean and E. If.
Ureenway.
Mr. ami Mrs. E. E. Poulsen celebrated the
fifth anniversary of their wedding, on
Tuesday evening, April 28, by a recep
tion at their home, ll'Jo Wiilow street, Oak
land, followed by a dance at Fraternity Hall.
It was a most elaborate affair. The decora
tions of the pretty residence and hall as well
were profuse mid artistic.
Those present beside* Mr. and Mrs. Poulsen
were Mr. and Mrs. Christopher Mickelson.Mr
and Mrs. Hamilton, Mr. ami Mrs. Berry, Mr.
and Mrs. Stiaw. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. N'atinger,
Mr. and Mrs. Valentine Walters, Mr. and Mr.-.
Earnest KabiMiis, Mr. and Mrs. Heslip, Mr. and
Mrs. A. S. Cole, Mr. and Mrs. George Bennett,
If. C. Holly, Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Joyce, Mr. and
Mrs. A. 11. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. J. Fowzer,
Mr. and Mrs. Royal Bradway, Mr. and Mrs.
Kief, Mr, aud Mrs. Gardner, Mr. and Mrs
Strawbridge, Mrs. Martin, Mrs. L. C. rushing,
Mrs. ( harlea Harrington, Mrs. Mary Douglas,
Miss Lena de Mooy, Miss Jennie O^en, Miss L
BerquiU, Miss Minnie Kabisins, Miss Mires
Miss Hiller, Miss Myrtle Cushing, Miss Lottie
Joyce. Miss Lizzie de Mooy, Miss Lily Ol.sen,
Miss Mary Harrington, Miss May Bertrem, Miss
May Berquist, Miss Weston, Miss Martha Har
rington, George Fowzer, Herry Rowlands
Henry Gerrish. James Bodel, W. C. Kabisins,
Hurry de Mooy, William Riehville. Robert
bmith, Charles Rowlands, Charles Kabisiusand
many others.
A very enjoyable party was given to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry MacSorly to'celebrate the birthday
of their youngest son Colin on Saturday even
ing, May i, at 018 Stevenson street. The
festivities were inaugurated by some stirring
Scottish airs on the bagpipes by Professor Don
ald Weir. The music for dancing was fur
nished by Mr. McLellan of Berkeley, ably
assisted by A. MacSorly,
At midnight a fine supper was done ample
justice to, the famous Scotch haggis being a
prominent feature.
After supper the rest of the night was spent
with soug and dancing, one feature of the
evening being the sword dance by Professor
Beaton of Poriland.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. D. Came
ron, Mr. and Mrs. J. Cameron, Mr. and Mrs.
MeCaskeU, Mr. and Mrs. A. McLellan, Mr. and
Mrs. Ray, Mr. and Mrs. Morrison, Mr. and Mrs.
McEacliern, Mr. ahd Mrs. McGiivery, Mr. and
Mrs. Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. Riddell. Mrs. D.
McDonald, Mrs. A. Cameron, Miss E. McLellan,
Miss T. Mo^ellan, Miss M. A. McLeiian, Miss A.
McDonald, Miss T. McDonald, Miss Jennie Mc-
Donald, Miss F. Mitchell, Miss McCarthy, Kin
McNeil, Miss Nellie Kennedy, Miss Jennie Mc-
Gilvery, Miss Mary Ann MeGilvery, Miss Ken
nedy, Miss Burns, Miss Annie Mcls'aao. Miss B.
Illcnge, Miss H. Doyle, Miss Sharp, Miss M.
Campbell. Miss K. Mciiilvery, Miss Nellie
McDonald, Mi-s M. Driscoll, Mi"ss A. Lellend,
Miss de Rosa, Miss McPherson, Miss L. Lindsay,
H. Carter, J. Dnlhanty. A. Beaten, J. McLoud,
Portland; W. McGiivery, A.Ahem, A. Bohm,
Mr. Thomson, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Glover, F. Me-
Lelian, A. Mac Sorly, W. MacSorly, C. F. Mac
sorly, Mr. Mitchell, J. McKay, I. P". Nicoles, C.
Mercer, J. Tuck, T. Fitzerl. D.Cameron. J.
Cameron, Mr. Weir, H M. McDonald, J. Mo-
Comic, J. Annear, P. Maclntyre, G. McDonald,
J. T. McDonald, Mr, Manion, A. D. McCormac,
P. Slattery. A. Shift, J. Huntly Cameron, Mar
tin McDonald, Theo Nuydjen.
Mrs. Rosa Rittler of San Bernardino is in the
City, the guest of Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Levy. At
home first and third Thursday in May, 2026
Taylor street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Wolf and their dauehter,
Ernestine, leave on May 10 for an extended
Eastern visit.
Ivan Beer, son of Mr. and Mrs. B. Beer, will
be bar mitzvah the 9th of May at the Geary
street temple. At home Sunday, May 10
1720 Geary street, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
South Side Club.
The South Side Club met last night at 514
Fourth street, and elected the following
officers: W.H.Harrison, president; Andrew
J. Reavey, secretary, and M. M. O'Connor,
treasurer. The club decided to give William
Daley, who is a member of the club and who
has been ailing for about six months with a
cancer, a grand benefit entertainment and
social, to take place at B'nai B'rith Hall,
Saturday evening, May 30.
Rescued a Chinese Girl.
Ah Lo, a Chinese woman, was arrested last
evening at the instance of Ida A. Hull of the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission, and detained at
the California-street police station on a charge
of keeping a minor child in a house of dis
reputable character. A Chinese girl, 4 years
of age, the daughter of the prisoner, was taken
to the mission and will be cared for pending
a decision of the courts as to who shall be the
future guardian of the child.
An Old Land Suit Revived.
The case of the United States Government
against the Central Pacific road and others
was before Commissioner Heacock yesterday.
The suit involve* certain mineral lands in
Butte County, entered by the railroad as agri
cultural lands. The suit was filed ten years
ago, but oue of the defendants, Henry Bash
iord, could not be lpoa-fd until IVaduuKilajT
last." The Assistant United States District At
torney proposes to push the case to a final de
cision.
THEY WANT LONG TERMS
The Four- Year-Term Test Cage Is Ar
gued and Submitted — City Of
ficials Interested.
The test case .by which it is hoped to
learn whether or not the present munic
ipal officers hold for two years more or go
out next November came before Judge
Seawcll for argument yesterday.
The action is a suii brought by Julius
Kahn against the Election Commission to
restrain the Commissioners from preparing
for a municipal election next November.
General W. H. L. Barnes and T. C f\>ogan
appeared for the plaintiff and Garrett Mc-
Enemy represented the Commission. The
first proceeding was the filing of a demur
rer to the complaint on the ground that it
did not state facts suincient to form a
cause of action, and on this demurrer the
cause was submitted.
Mi' Enemy took the position that the
county government act, which provides
for the four-year term, did not apply to
the City and* County of San Francisco.
Its provisions did not fit the dual govern
ment of San Francisco in any of the more
important matters and it provided for
officers unknown in this local government.
l *San Francisco," he said, "is not a county.
Its government is totally different from
that laid down by the Jaw for counties
and it has been decided more than once
that it could be considered in no other
way than as a City."
General Barnps in reply said he believed
the act should be made to apply to San
Francisco so far as the character of the
City and County government did not con
flict with the terms oi the law. He argued
that peneral laws, such as the county gov
ernment act. mubt apply to all the State.
If it did not apply to ttie whole State it
would be a general law and under the pro
vi.-ion of the constitution, which forbids
special election laws, the county govern
ment act would then be invalid.
He contended, however, tnat the act di 1
apply to San Francisco, for he said that
some of the provisions plainly showed that
San Francisco's position under the law
had been considered. The act directed
that the compensation of the officers of San
Francisco be t-et at the figures allowed
by the local government, while in the case
of actual counties the salaries were fixed
by the act itself. He said it had been de
cided by the Supreme Court that the City
and County of l^an Francisco was a county,
and he held therefore that the county gov
ernment act, m all but conflicting terms,
should apply here.
Jud<?e Seaweli will render judgment in
the matter in a few days, and then the
case will be taken to ti.e Supreme Court.
Harry Creswell, the City and County
Attorney, was present in court and asked
Judge Seaweli to render hi> decision by
next Tuesday, if it was possible, as the
commission "meets then and it will pro
ceed to business according to the judgment
rendered. One of the important items of
business pending before the commission is
tne reprecincting of the City. Should the
demurrer be sustained and the complaint
for a restraining order be thrown out then
this work mast be done at once in prepa
ration for next November, but if the de
murrerer be overruled then there is time
enough and the reprecineting will be let
go for two years more.
Philosophy and Religion.
Professor Watson, IX. D., of Queen College,
Canada, will aidress the Presbyterian Minis
terial L'nion next Monday at 10:30 a. m., on
the subject of "The Religious Affirmations ol
Philosophy." Professor Howison oi the Uni
versity of California will be present and speak
on "The Attitude ol Philosophy Toward the
Christian Religion."
Not £1 Dorado No. 53.
Ihe social piven erery Friday evening at
Union-square Hall by v young man who called
It tne El Dorado social had no connection
whatever with El Dorado Parlor No. 52. N.
S. v. \V.
HEALTH IN OLD AGE,
An Old Lady Finds the True
Source of Vitality.
A Reporter's In'eresticg Interview
With a Lady of Seventy-two
Years Who Tells a Mar
velous Story.
From the Union, Port Jervis, N. Y.
Bnt a short time ago, in a distant part of the
country, we heard of a cure by the use of Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills, which seemed almost
marvelous, and more recently another sub
slantial evidence oi their value reached our
ears. Being of an inquiring turn of mind,
and wishing to know just how much there was
in the story, a reporter was sent to interview
the person said to be thus benefited. If the
narrative us it hud reached our ears was true,
it was only simple justice to let it be known —
it" it proved untrue, it would be well to know it.
The person alluued to above as having been
thus greatly benefited by the use of Pink Pills
i> Mrs. Jane Hotalen of Hainesvllle, K. J., a
pleasant hamlet in Sussex County, about fif
teen miles from this office. The reporter had
no difficulty in finding Mrs. liotalen. It was
nearly noon when we reached her pleasant
home, a double house, one part of which' is
occupied by her son. She is a pleasant-faced
old lady, looking to be about sixty-five, but is
in reality seventy-two years of age. After a
few preliminary remarks in explanation of the
cuil, >he was a>ked if she had any objection to
Kiving us the details of the case and how she
came to try this now famous remedy.
"Not at all," said she. "it my experience
can be of any good to others, I am sure they
are welcome to it— it can do me no harm."
"When were yi.u taken sick and what was
the nature of the malady?" was asked.
••It was about two veaiS hko. The trouble
was rheumatic in character — sciatica, they
called it— and it was very puiuiul indeed. The
difficulty began in my hip and extended the
whole length of the limb, crippling me com
pletely. I suffered intensely from it, and the
ordinary treatment gave me not the slightest
alleviation. .1 was under treatment about a
month ago, as stated, but I grew worse instead
of better, and was fast becoming discouraged."
•What brought Pink Pills to your notice?"
"My son called mv attention to an article in
a paper, in which it was stated that a Mr.
Struble of Branchville, a village in this county,
had been greatly benefited by their use, and
suggested that it would be a good plan to try
them. But I was skeptical in regard to their
value; in fact, I had no confidence in their
efficacy and rather laughed at the suggestion.
But the trouble increased and I was baaly
crippled. A few days later my son was about
to visit a neighboring town, and suggested
again that it might be well to try this raucii
talked-of remedy, and I then consented. He
bought me a box of them and I began taking
them at once. At the end of a week I noted a
marked improvement, and by the time I had
taken the first box I was able to walk without
a cane. I continued their use, taking several
boxes, and am, as you see, in a very comfort
able state of health."
'•Have you had any return of the trouble?',
"Not as yet, thon?h at my time of life,
seventy-two, it would not be surprising if I
should have. If it comes I should at once
begin the use of the pills. I suppose I inherit
a tendency to troubles of this kind— my mother
died from them."
"Did you ever note any ill effects from the
use of Pink Piils ?"
"None whatever. They never disturbed my
stomach in any way or caused me any annoy
ance. Neither did I find it necessary to in
crease the dose, as the directions say maybe
desirable. I am able, as you see, to attend to
my own work."
The reporter thanked Mrs. Hotalen for her
courtesy and bade her good-day, it is not often
that one can witness such a complete recovery
from such a pertinacious trouble at such an.
, advanced age, and such instances cannot fail
to produce a profound impression. Readers of
the L'nion may rely on the absolute aecuracv of
ail the statements here given— nothing "has
been exaugerated. nothing withheld.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements necessary to give
new life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are an unfailing spe
cific for such diseases as locomotor ataxia, par
tial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, sciatica, neu
ralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache, the
after effect of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and sallow complexions, all forms
of weakness either in male or female, and all
diseases resulting from vitiated humors in the
blood. Pink Pills are Eold by all dealers, or
will be sent post-paid on receipt of price (50
cents a box. or six boxes for 9*2 50) by address
ing Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., bchenect*dy,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.,
Fifteen Failures last week.
Australia Coal strike rpreadlng.
Silver unchanged. ' :
All Cereals doll at previous prices.
Hay and Feeds tuffs as before.
.Lima Beans lower. j ,
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Not much change in Vegetables.
' Butter and Cheese as before.
Eggs slow and in good su poly.
Poultry lower and depressed.
Larger arrivals of Cherries.
Berries command good prices.
Lemons dull aud*wcak.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions weak and dull.'
Hides quiet. Wool flat.
Meat market about the same.
Rice lower.
Coffee active and firm.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bnidstreet Mercantile Agency reports 15
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week eDdiiigyesterdavas compared with 18
for the previous week mi.l 1 1 for the corresponding
wrote of 1895. The failures for the pnst wees are
divided among the trades as follows: 3 grocers. 1
saloon, 1 -restaurant, 1 butcher, '- contractors, 3
dry and fancy goods, 1 Jeweler, 1 hotel, 1 furni
ture and 1 blacksmith.
Explanation.
Th* arrow fl'es with th« wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum t^mpcratnr-' for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
ralntaU, of melted scow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours, Isobar*., or solid
Hats, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlith" means hirh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh n the pressure la high in the intcrioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when «the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in tile vicinity of Idaho, and
trip pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUR! At REPORT.
United States Department of Aobicuit
tube. Wkatheb , Bubeac, • San- Francisco,
May 8. 1896, 5 p. v.— Weather conditions and
General forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date las; season:
Eureka 48.95, last season 41.91: Red Bluff 20.88,
last season 29.25: San Francisco 20.57, last season
25.41; Fresno 5.16, last season 14.67; San- Luis
OLiUpo 17.64, last season 25.93; Los Anceles 935,
last season 16.04; ban Diego 5.92, last season
12.16: Yuma .88. las', season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka 54, Red Bluff
64, ban Francisco 53. Fresno 72, San Luis Obispo
60. Los Angeles 64, San Dleeo 6'<!, Yuma 78.
£an Francisco data— Musi mum temperature 53,
minimum 48. mean 50.
Unusual conditions prevail over the country
west of the Rockr Mountains to-nisrht. The pres
sure, is rising over Idaho and Oregon. falliDg over
Nevada and Utah, and rising over California and
'Arizona. . Cloudy weather prevails over the entire
country excent Southern California and Arizona,
ltaln has fallen in Utah, Nevada, Oregon and
Idaho. The temperature has fallen generally over
th« Pacific siof* except Northwestern Washing
ton. The fall in temperature during the past -4
heirs has been about 15 decrees in Northeastern
California and .Northern Nevada, riinh westerly
winds have prevailed along the Central Calitornla
coast, a maximum velocit.v of 40 miles west being
reported at fan Francisco. Conditions indicate
partly cloudy weather Saturday morning, with lit
tle change in temperature. Sunday probably fair
and warmer.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 9, 1896.
Northern California — Partly cloudy weather
and possibly showers in the extreme northwestern
portion; wanner Saturday and Saturday night:
fresh northwesterly winds.
southern California— Cloudy Saturday morning,
fair Saturday; warmer; light westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather with
probably showers in the extreme northeastern
portion Saturday morning, possibly light snow- in
mountains; warmer in northwestern portion
Saturday night.
Utah— Clouay weather with probable rain Sat
urday: continued cool weather.
Arizona — Fair Saturday; colder in northern por
tion. '
San Francisco ami vicinity — Pair Saturday;
warmer Saturday night; fresh westerly winds.
A.VDKIt G. MCADIE. "
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 8. - There was
considerable pressure to sell Sugar, Tobacco and
St. Paul at the opening of business at the Stock
Exchange. Tobacco was the special feature, break-
Ing from 651/2 to 62. rr > 6 . the Indictment Of the man
agers having led to selling for both accounts. Gold
engagements 'to the extent of 8 1,500,000 also had
an adverse influence and London houses and local
operators sold fairly large amounts of the leading
issues. The loss in prices ranged from V to %
per cpnt, the Industrials, Mobile and Ohio, the In
ternationals and the Grangers scoring the greatest
declines. The railroads were sold on reports of
crop damage In the West and .-outhwest. In the
afternoon trading when it was found that but little
••long" stock was coming out the "shorts" endeav
ored to cover and prices advanced all along the
line. ■
Reports that the. leading Republican candidate
for the Presidency will come out for sound money
had a good effect on the market in the late after
noon trading, The rally in prices ranged from %
to 21/8, Tobacco leading with sales up to 64"if<£
641 '«. In the specialties Louisville, New Albany
and Chicago were in demand, and rose to 10 In
the closing dealings the mat k< t was' lirni in lone
Net changes show gains of yy B@28 @2 per cent. Rub^
ber preferred, however, lost s/ per cent, and To
bacco 18/s per cent. To:al sales were 166 900
shares. <
Railroad bonds were easier. Trading was light
only 5060,000 changing hands. Atchison adjust
ment, fours declined 1% io">4o» /8 ; but rallied to
413 . Tennessee Coal and Jron, Birmingham
vision sixes % to 91%, and Western New York
and Pennsylvania incomes 1 to 13.
-. Grain!
FLOUR— Quiet, easy; winter wheat, low grades
82 iiO@3 00: do fair to fancy. 82 86(53 83; do pat
ents, $3 90@4 20: Minnesota clear. 60@3 15; do
straights, *3 OOfoS 60; do patents. S3 45(j53 55
-luw extra. 9- 50&3 00; city mills, 84 10;34 7l); do
patents, $4 30<i£4 60: rye flour, $2 50@3 50
-superfine, ?2()0(g;'i 36: fine, 82 00(g,2 30. South
ern'flour, dull, easy, 82 4C@2 80. Buckwheat
flour, SI 20.
* BUCKWHEAT— 4O@42c
CORNMEAL— DuII, easy: yellow Western.
t'l 05@2 10. •■••'-.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY*— Steady: ungraded Western, 39041 c.
" WHEAT — Dull. easier, f. o. b. 74 % cto arrive
nngraded red, 7O@80c; No. Northern, 70% cto
arrive. : tSX+tQI
Options were more active and closed weak at
1 /2@-'VsC decline, following the West and on heavy
Belling of May. July and May most active. No. "2
»d, May, 1 693/ c;. June 69V c: July 69V s c:#
August, 69% c: September, 69s^c; December,
71 Vac
CORN— DuII, steady, Viz lower. No. 2, 353/« c
elevator; 363/* c afloat. .
Options were <lull and weak at i.4<aa/sc decline
with wheat and on easier West. July most active.
May 353/ ¥ c: July, 36c; August, 36% c; Septem
ber. 371'k0. ' . . ■
OATS— DuII, steady.
Options dull, easier: May, 24% c: July. 24% c
Spot prices: No. 2. '_'4»4c: No. a white, '_'f,c-. No. 2
Chicago. v534c: No. 3, i3%c: No. .', while, 24%©
26c: mixed Western, ■ < J6@atfc; white do and wLito
State. i!6to2Bc.
FKP-U P.RA N-57i/Ud62i/aC. .
MIDDLINGS— 65(§/7uc.
« BYE— Feed. 66c. .
Provision*. '.'
. BEEF— lnactive; family. 89 50@ll; extra mess.
97@8: beef hams, quiet, 914 50(315 50: tierced
beef, doll, v; city extra India meat, 914@16 50;
081 meats quiet, weak; pickled l>es, 12 ]>oun<ls,
■Ji. >r; do shoulders, 41/4.0,41^0: do hums
9@9Vic '
LA Quiet, lower: Western. 85: city, 94 40:
May. 95; Refined, rtull; continent, 55 25: vouch
American. S5 65: compound, 4 1.4 ;»i ■'■.„<••
PORK- Quiet, steady; old mess, f9@9 50: new
mess, f 11.
GUTTER— Steady, fair demand: State dalrv. 89
lie; do creamery. ll@16c: Western dairy. 7@llc:
do, creamery, ll®16c: do held. f).<i-llc; do
factory. 7<@loc; j-.lglns, 1«c; Imitation cream
ery. 9V»@l2c.
CHEE.-E— Quiet: state larae. old. 6*A@**ic;
do new. 7@Bs,ic:dOFmall, 4i£<£loc; part skims,
old, SVa©4lv.c: full skims, 2f<22» .je.
KOOm sieadv; moderate demand.
TALLOW— WeaK ; city. 3Vs@3 5-16 c: country,
Vl49Bftfcs.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, steady: crude. 21®
2"iy 2 c: yellow, prime, 2Si/i@2BVic; do oS grade,
•25V4@i!S%c. ......
RESIN— DuII, easy; strained common to good,
$1 90@l 95.
TURPENTINE— NominaI : 27%@27«4c.
POTATOES— steady, weak.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic, fair to extra, 3@s!*ic:
Japan, 1 (a. 41.4. ■
MOLAS>ES-Hrra; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@S7a ■
COFFEE— Quiet; unchanged to 10 points down.
May, 913; June, 912 70: July, $I*2 45: octoDer.
911 IB: Spot Klo, steady, quiet; No. 7, 14c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet, steady: fairly active: fair
refining, Mfjtjc: centrifugals. 80 tost. 4 Vic; refined,
quiet: off A. 4 IS-16@5c: mold A, 6«i)C; standard
A, SB/»c; confectioners' A, 6V4C; cut loaf, 6c:
crushed, Be; powdered and cubes, 65& c; granu
lated, 5%c.
Fruit and Produce. •
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
APRICOTS— Bag*. By-.(SIIC
PEACHES- reeled, %> Ib, 10@10%0; do on
pe«lea. 6@7=.
I" NKS— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS— Tbree-crown loose muscatel. 38/i@4c:
do London layers, 9<>c<a>9l.
ALMOXIIP — Nominal.
HOPS— State common to choice, 2Va<g!Bc:
Teclflc Coi»st. 2>,i@7c.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece. 16@21c; puUed
15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise,
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
11 50@12 Mi.
COPPER— DuII; Lake. 910 75.
LEAD— Steady: domestic. f3 OS.
TlN— Easier: straits. *13 25@>13 35; plates fairly
active.
bFELTER-Steady; domestic, 84 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.t.. May 8. — Although wheat
opened firm this morning there was lacking to the
tone that buoyancy and vigor which were the pre
vailing characteristics yesterday. The modera
tion in strength was doubtless caused by the
Weather Bureau's report on Kansas for yesterday,
which gave the maximum temperature in that
State at 88 degrees. Chinch-bug reports were still
in circulation, but a more conservative tone to the
dispatches referring to tnem . was noticeable. A
bull disappointment lay in the Liverpool cables.
which did not fully respond to yesterday's bulge on
this side. An advance of but Vi 1 ' was quoted nt
that place.
Receipts at Chicago were 12 cars am! 87.000
bushels were taken from store. North western
arrival were 351 cars against 486 last Friday and
154 a year ago. Berlin closing cables were 1 to l A /i
marks higher. Paris was unchkoced to 5 centimes
lower for flour and unchanged for wheat. Antwerp
wag unchanged. Kxport Clearances were light at
233,161 bushels. Opening prices were the best for
the day, the market declining gradually during
the balance of the stolon, the close being at
almost the Inside. July wheat opened from t>4 ' 4
@,t>4V2C, declined to 63% c, closing at 6814 c, s^c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 10 cars.
Cora— Finding no help in the Wheat market, this
morning was disposed 10 relinquish a portion of
yesterday's enhancement. Ibe parties who had
covered felt inclined to reins:ate their trades, the
performance of which proved detrimental to
prices. Liverpool cables were quiet and steady.
Keceipis were 145 cars and •J54.-JHI bust. els were i
taken from store. Export clearances were -67,
-262 bushels. July Corn opened at SUS/gi-, sold be
tween 30y 2 @ > 295 /^c, closing at 29^ic y^^c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor- !
row 145 cars.
oais lust a part of yesterday's appreciation
throueh weakness derived from the other markets.
The hot weather was not conducive to exertion,
and traders were disinclined to do much business.
Receipts were 141 cars, and 69,620 bushels were
taken from store. July Oats closed undir yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 145
cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash. t»sc; May, 84c; July,
84Vic; September, 87@87y 2 c. Receipts were
Tl cars.
PROVISIONS— No encouragement was to be
obtained from the hog market which was weaker
at 5(5, 10c lower tty* morning, consequently prod- i
uct made no attempt at advancing. The weakness
of gram was also an adverse influence. At the
close July pork was 17Vjc under yesterday; July
lard 6@7%c lower, and July ribs 7i,/jc lower.
BU 1 The butter market was firm 10-day.
Fancy goods were in demand and held well. Re
ceipts were moderate, and slocks moved ireely.
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14y 3 c: sec
onds. ll@13c: tml alions. fancy, 10@llc. Dairies—
Extras, (g,IM-; firsts. 10@llc; s cornls. tic
Ladles— Extras, 8@10c; firsts. B@3Vfec; packing
stock, 7c.
EGOS Supplies were large and demand re
stricted. There were many poor eggs on the
market. Fresh slock B@t>VsC V dozen.
MONEY— Was bX on call and &&7X on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 7oc premium.
Clotting Prices.
WHEAT— May, 62*/« c; July, 63V4c; Septem
ber. 63 %@G4c.
CORN — May. 29^c; July, 29% c; Septem
ber. 30%@31c
OATS— May. J8y B @lßVic; July. l»i/ 4 c; Sep
tember, I'dr-HC. >
PORK— $7 70: July, 97 80: Septem
ber, 8.
LARD-May, 94 70; July, 94 77%; Septem
ber, iR4 021/2
-lilu.-—^iuy, 94 05; July, 94 17%: September,
94 321*.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., May 8.-The
cattle market was easy and s@loc lower to-day.
Arrivals were fair and the demand slow. There
was a good run of nogs- The demand was not
urgent, and prices were s@loc lower. Arrivals of
sheep were moderate, but the inquiry was slow
and orices ruled weak.
CATTLE — Receipts. 7500. Fancy beeves,
$4 40@4 60: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 94 20(3135: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1000 pounds. 94 00'd.4 15; medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pound*. $3 80« M 95: common to fair steers,
950 10 1400 pounds. S3 5! (a.'i 75: choice feeders.
'.(00 10 1160 pounds. $3 75(g)4; common to choice
si oaten. $2 *.4 o><t 3 70: bulis and stags, choice to
extra. $2 80:o;3 76: bulls, poor 10 choice, 92 85fg) [
3 25; cows and lieilers, extra. 93 75@,4 00: cows, fair
to Choice, fi U)(a;.i 70: cows, common to fair,
f-1 60fg;J 35: calves, good to choice. 94 00
(01 60; calve.4. common to good. 93g}3 90: Texas
grass steers, 9* 75<a.3 30: I*xas fed steers, poor to
choice. S3 3 @4 TO: Texas cows and bulls. 92 40
(g,'6 40; milkers and main per head, $'..'0(0.40.
HOGS— KeceiDta. 25.000. near? packlnr ana
shippln: lots. 93 '.'s((i3 45: common to choice
mixed. £3 2!>ra.3 55: choice nssorteo. 93 5&&
3 6.V. light, *3 35©;; 65; pies, 92 75».( 60.
!>HEtP — Receipts, 8000. Inferior 10 choice,
92 30&376; lambs, 93 25<&4 80.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V. t May S.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
May 7, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradst reefs:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec
New York ..9686,£0&,863 4.7
Boston ; 101,28«.747 2.9
Chicago 123,366,418 20.8 '.
Philadelphia 68,7^8,088 5.5 .'
Louis 25.073,108 .... "9'i
PUtsburg 17,206.224 18.6 ...
Cincinnati: „.... 12,354.400' . 4 6
Baltimore 15,715.164 19.8 ....
Sun Francisco 13,820,337 . 16.9
Kansas City..... 9,684,753 ... . si
New Orleans 8,868,740 8 5
Louisville.. 6,968,490 l'-i'i
Detroit...... 6.U5.->,6:M 6.7
Minneapolis 9 002,163 39.5
Cleveland 6,553,907 10.6
Providence 4,H63,.'>00 . . . "2'9'i
MllwauKee 4.816,825 10.3 .
indlanaDOlls 4, 5-3,188 8.7
Hun'alo 6,893,231 16 6
St. Paul 5,449,856 61.2
Omaha 4.5>8,873 29 6 .
Denver . 2.637.421 (MS
Halt l>ake 1.18«,.>72 9.2 . i
Los Angeles 1.745,888 33.3 .""* I
Portland, Or 1,041,479 ... " 20 6
Tacoma 485,956 36.7
Seattle 491, .. 9.2
bpokaDe. 478.974 18.9
Totals U. 8 91. -35 083,412 0.7 '.
Outside 01 New Yoru
City 608,877,449 8 2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal '...910,629,531 ..., 119
Toronto 7,022.601 • 11.2 -
Halifax 1.240,608 ... "h'h
Winnipeg 1,214,»51 1«.3 .
Hamilton 741,947 ■ 12.7 .'.'.'.'.'.
Totals 920,849,438 2.8
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N.Y., May 8.-R. G. Dun A Co.
in their weekly review of trade to-morrow will say
The exports of 96,850,000 gold this week have pn>
dured no monetary disturbance, and this Is at once
proof of the soundness of financial conditions and
of. the prevailing confidence In better things to
come. It do>s not matter. whether the gold is re
quired for Russia or anywhere else: it would not
go from this, rather than other countries. If there
were not balances to meet. Much of the hesitation
at present U due to temporarily reduced demand
in some industries, and in iron and steel the power
fit tl>e new combination Is being generally tested
by refusal of crders, so tha. production exceeds
consumption, but the low consumption exceeds
new b':yin;r. ■"■'.'-.• ■.:''■■
Th«geueml irregularity of. prices and slackness
of demand for finuii . d products does not prevent
the marking up 01 prices by combinations, but are
largely due to doubt whether such prices as are
fixed can be maintained. Piglron is weal: at the
East and also at Pltrsburg; tin steady and lead
hlielilly lower, and American t;nulate 30c below
foreign. • ; - . . * . .- •• • . ....„-..•<
For textile manufactures the situation is trying
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
Cotton mills have a fairly active demand, though
not equal to their normal output, and for many
months have been accumulating goods, hoping for
better things, so that some are now stopping, al
though the demand for good grades, with higher
prices for cotton, has helped to a small advance In
nrtces.
Print cloths are %c higher, but some other
crudes have declined, no that the average of all
quotations is slightly lower.
Woolen innnutactnrers find prices of wool sag-
Ktnjl both here and abroad. The decline at London
reaches about 6 per cent, while the average of
quotations by Coates Bros.. Philadelphia, was
nearly 1 per cent lower May 1, and prices have
ix-cii further reduced by concession to clear off
stocks.
At the West traders are buying much above the
parity of seaboard prices and many growers are
refusing to sell, believing that the upward spurt
of last year will be repeated. Sales for the week
have been less than half a week's full consump
tion.
Men's woolens show no improvement, out there
is more active buying in (tunnels, and the demand
for fancy dress goods Is encouraging, though for
plain goods it ii but moderate.
Cotton speculation has lifted the spot price to
8.31 cents, and profits have been realized from the
men who bkve bold cotton they did not own; but
it is still the fact that tbe outlook for next fall's
crop ib unusually favorable, while stocks here and
abroad exceed all possible demands under Septem
ber 1.
Failures for tbe week have been 238 in tbe
United States against 227 last year, and 24 in
Canada against 34 last year.
Nr,W \O:".Vk STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on rail firm at 2Va@4V. last loan at 3%;
and closing offered at 3%. 1 m«r >n« mercantile pacer,
6@6%& Bar stiver, 67% c. Mexican dollars.
i,3%c sterling exchange steady to firm, with
•ctuAl business in bankers' bills at S4 87%@4 88
for 60 C*yi and *4 88* i@4 S9 for demand. Posted
rat««. f 4 88V*i(*4 89%. Commercial bills. *» So«i
(a 4 87%. Government bonds easier: State bonds
firmer: railroad bonds steadier. Silver at the board
was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable-.. »4 i\oriolk A War.... hi
Atchlsoru 14%: Preferred. _ 4
Preferred a 2 x/ 4x /4 Northern Paolfla.. IVk.
Adams isxpreas.,.l49 | Preferred. .i' 2 ** !
Alton,Teri*Haut«. 56 !. Venn western. lu -IVB
American Express. 112% Preferred **••♦
American Tobacco. 63% N. V. Central »7% |
Preferred. ....... 97 IN. Y. Chicago^:*.!. <S/ 8
Bar State Ga5... ... i-'UVs Ist preferred <H
Baltimore — Ohio.. 17 | prererred. ,^ 3 %
i-runswick Lands- , , %>*. Y. AN. H..._17a%
BuJlalo, Roch — 1© N. Y.&New Eng. 60
Catnda Paclne.... 69 IN. Y. Susq A W.» 9
Canada Southern.. 4934 Preferred.. _ 23%
UutoD_nd 607,, Ontario. 14
Central Jfaclflo.... 14 s.'j,! Ontario* Westers. 14%
Che*.* Ohio. ur«-gon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 1 6 '%! Preferreu. ..— — ■
Preierrea 1 7U : Oregon Navigation, 18
Chicago. H. *U.... 7i*\s<'«-*onbuort Lin*. 7%
Chicago* K. 1U... 41 Pacific Mail '-'t;- 4
Preferred. 5.9% * tona. li.& Kvana, 2%
Chicago uh . '•'•♦ Pltteburg A W pfd. 15
ClevedS Putsbu— r.ltti 1 ullmau Pa1ac«...159
Consolidation «;oau .0 (.ulcksliver ...... 1
Consolidated Gh»..13.< | Preferred. _ 16
C.CC.«tSulX»ui* S4S/s'Keaaine.... i'H
Prefcrreu. »4 |RloGrande_Wesu 18
Cola Fuel <& iron.. :J»U! Preferred. 4»/ 4
l*referred 100 Kock Island 7O'/*i
Cotton Oil Cert.... 13% HonieWat AOgdenll.' ' .
C'omXDerci— Cable. IN" tt. L. AH. Yv 4% :
Lei. Hudson ..123 . Preferred. ._ 10% .
Utl.Lnck_Weat«rul'U 1-t.Paui „ 773,
Deliver K. U..... X 2% Preferred. l-'7i /4
Preierred. 47% M. Paul A DuiuUL. -i
DJstlUers _ 18Vs' Preferred. 85
iimeral ii lectrio... 341,4 Bt, Paul dt On— ■?-"«
trie ll'i Preterred 123
Preferred ;... :<7U:( »^u P. M. & M. 11.'
fort Warn* 160 " tSilver Ceruncaies.. 67%
tireatNorUlernDia.li;) southern Pacltta... )9Vi
Oreenuay % bouinen l A. X..._ 91,4
Harlem 296 1 Preferred. SOVi
Hocking Coal 2%!buß:ar Kehnery.... 1231-8 '
Hocking Valley... 20% Preferred. iOi^i,,
Homestake 31 Tenn.Coal<ft Iron. '.'hi. •■
11. A Texas Cenu. 2Vi Preferrsd 100
Illinois central.... 96 Texas Pacific BVs
lowa Central. ...... &*/+ 101.A.A.& N.Micn,—
Preferred 8. ,loU A Ohio cen.... 3!
Kansas <£ Texas.. IIV 4 PreJerrea 73
Preferred 25.' ;s lol.si. Louis A K.UL O'j
Kir»-ston A Pern... 3' Preferred. c
Lake Erie A Westn 17% Union PadOo 7"n
Preferred 70V* V P.. Den. A Quit. »%
Lk&e Shore 14'J3 4 I .P. Cordage....... 5
Nalionai Lead... M 253; Preferred _ 97/. .
Preferred. „ 11 , Guaranteed-...— 19
I-onelslana to 0. &SIOTM. MM i 40
Louisville A Nash. ;,Ui 8 L . B. Leather... ._ 9
Lou;svi!l« g&k Preferred. - 63% I
Preferred ....... _'tn „ V. f. Kuober _ 23ig
Manhattan Consot.lo7iA Preferred 77% i
iltmpnm A Chart*. 15 L'tlcad: B. River.. lSO !
llexlcan Central... 934 VV»U b. L. _ Pao.. (j% |
Michigan Central.. £5 Preferred. _ 175
ilJnn_b._ — _ W't'lls-Fartro. S7
Preferred. Weßtern Union. ._ 85 V4
Minn. A St. L com. 19 WisCentral -j
Ist preferred 79 Wheeling A L.S— 934,
preferred 60 Preferred. 35% !
Missouri Paclfla. 2" s Am Cotton OU pfa. 68
Mobile* 0hi0... „ 39 W U Beet 7« i
Na»hvilieChatt.... fig Ann Arbor 91., '
National Linseed.. 17 ,41 PreterrwJ 26%
N. J. Central lo& l 2l 2 Brooklyn Traction. 233*
North American... 5%1
closing eoxm.
C»4n.re« 108% M KT24.1 69
Do, 4s coupon... 110 Do, 4a. J Hi*A
V B4snewreg.....H7i,VMutual Onion 65.. .114
Do, 4s coupon.. .1 17 i/ t x J Cent Gen 6s. 11»
*>«• 2» 94i.0 Northern Pao lsts.ll7
fo. 6s H-^'*' Do. <2< - 113
Do. bt c©uoon-..11as/ 8 | Do. S0». 72%
Cherokee 4«. 1890.100 Northwest Consols. IXB .
Do. 1897- 100 I Do. deb 6s» 107%
Jo. I*9B- 100 OR_N i.v 110
1 °.3899 100 6iL&lronMtaenas 7«%
raclfic 6a of '85....— - btLA 8 F G^n 6a 1J!IV«
C; »-6 5s 1091/4 tt Paul ConsoS ...130 8 j
Ala Class -^.VvJJJS tt. P. C* Pa Ist* 11 . I
Do. Claw 84, 6s. 106 Do. Pac Cal ■«».. 110 I
LaConsol4». 97 Southern K. R. a,! 92S /4 I
MiMouri funding..— —> Texas Pacldc flntt 897/« I
N Carolina con 6a.. Texas I'Kwconat. a 24» !
mm D °> *•• JO4 LnlonPao 15t0r98.103
80 Carolina 4%5... 106 | West Bhore 4s . 10 - )3i \
nn _ n«~n «~ 8. Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66% I
\ • funding dew... 61 V* X OranoeWest 76%
f°-J™« — Cbes&O6s 108
J^o. deferred 6a... 5 :Atchli,on4» ....... 79 Vfe !
Da trust rcDt* st 6 D0,2<1»a.._ i\iZ
Canada south 2da..lO4stG H 4 H Ah 103
Cm Pac l.uor '»5 IV* '* £> ad 7s. 10?
8ttl « "2 j»«« cent^.Vosv,
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, (M, May a-The spot market
Is steady at 6s sd@ss M - Cargoes steady at 27* 6J,
niTUßita.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
V 4TIT I ? UOI H lOns for No - 2 K<Kl Winter: May,
4i/4^-epte U rnU S 6 3^^d JU ' y> 6'6 ' AUgU "' B »
6ECVKITIKS.
LONDON, Emb.. May 8 — Consols. 11l 11-I R.
sliver 3ld: French Rentes. 102f 95* 8 '
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. . _ «4pmi<,
Sterling Exchan^ sight...... ." _ 4091?
Sterling Cables ...Mi 8 »V 4 4 «0 *
New York Kxchan sight ••«».* 4«o
Hew \ork Exchange, telegraphic. - 10
line Silver. ounce _ £77-
Mexican Dollars .....: 635/4 %['»
• .
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The Thistle takes for Hull 82,197 ct1s
valued at 888,400. . *.«i<.ii«,
The market continues dull and unchanged. No <
1. 81 07%@l 08% V ctl: choice, fl 10: ' lower
_"* tav^ 1 '* 1 ° 6Vi: extracnolc « for milling, fl 16
CALL BOARD SAX.KS.
1000 F «o"Vl 06" IOS "10 -^«mber
to^ o i i i -o A 0 22 T srotr iON - DeCember - iioo
A iTJ^ bnoo - v — lJecember-200 tons,
77 _ B ,> XL1 :Y -Pr<'vlous prices rule. Feed, 7ly 4 <a
733 /4 c; choice, 76c; Brewing, 80@87%&
CALL BOARD HAZ.EB.
Informal Hkssiov-IO o'clock— No sales.
tons^^c 1 : l i O0 K 74c a iol, K T4Vsc~ DeCember - 100
/4 7 : 400. 0 74» ic £MIOI< " ~ Dec * - l °° tons.
TiS A^?n R £ bu ? lnt?BS ot any consequence. Milling,
r**;'* 0 3* «'; fancy Feed, 82»,^(a)87Viic: gooVl
totfnJsSS&i co »«»««> » fair, 67V^7lv 3 :
i*nt>ic ZV : surprise. 90r<»«l '^ ctl. **
do «-i iff g ellovv ' 88»'i@90c: small Round
Vv'^ : W1 " te ' *>s*B"Vac * ctl.
£i^-,fttV4&7B»4c » ctl.
BIUWHtAT-i(s@9Oc« ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Net cash. prices are: Family extras,
*3 75@3 85 V bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 66@3 65
-superfine. $2 76@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, 520@20 60;
Cracked Corn, « 21 9 ton. .
MILLSTUFFS-Pricesin 10- B> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
- B ,ic: Bye Flour. 314 c: Bice Flour. 7%c; Corn
meal, 28^@3c; extra cream do. 2 c; Oatmeal,
3»4c; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4@4%c; Buck
w, h . «rL 0U . r> 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3%0; Farina.
4%c: hole Wheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
•lea(rl• l ea ( rl - # * rley - * ly4 ° : SpUt i*eas, * C: Green do,
HAY AND FGKDSTDFF9.
• RRAN— 60 ?, ton.
MIDDLINGS_SI6@I7 V ton for lower grades
and Sl7 6O@lß 50 p. ton for the best. • . •
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 516«17 it ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, S2O * ton; Jobbing, S2l-
Cottonseed oUcake, 821 * ion.
HAY — No change. '.Wheat Is Quotable at. BB
©11 50 ton: Oat, 87(59 f> ton: Wheat and
oat, $8$ll: Barley, 87@9: Alfalfa. «7@9; Clover.
fb&l 6u; (om|ires»<-U Oat. *6 50(r g; Compressed
Wheat; $7@lo 60; Stock, i^6®7 V ton.
STRAW— 30@50C %i bale. •
BEANS AND . SEEDS.
BE AN 8— A decline in Llmas is tbe only change.
Bayos, 90c@$l » ctl; Small Whites, SI 25@l 40;
Pea, SI 25®81 46; Large Whites. SlOl 15: Ptnit
85@97%c; Heds, SI 26; Blackeyo. SI 40*1 86;
Bed Kidney, SI 60® 1 65; Limas. $2 60@2 76;
Butters, $1 40@l 00 for small and $1 26&1 50 tor
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50
@2.26 %i ctl; Trieste. f2®2 50 a ctl; Yel
low Mustard, 81 40@l 60; Flax. $1 70@l 80: Ca
nary, -jS/ic ■» tt>; Alfalfa, 7%®9%c * lb; lUpe,
2%e^ Ufnip, «%c W It).
DRIED PEAS— SI 2 3^1 40 * ctl for JClles and
81i!5i$14&forGreeD.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
roES-New Potatoes quotable at 75c@
$1; River Burbanks, 454i&0c; Oregon Burbanks, 66
@75c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 75@85c: Early Rose.
tis®; sc; IVtalunn. and Tossnles, &o{j,66c V ctl;
Hunil>o!dt Burbanks, 66(a70c ?» ctl.
ONIONS— Unchanged at SI 50(*2. New Onions,
75<i£H5c^ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 461 boxes As
paragus, 304 boxes Rhubarb and 76/ sacks Peas.
Quotations showed no particular disturbance.
Mushrooms are quotable at £@l~%c V lb:
Summer Squaub, 12% cH* It>: Egg Plant, 15c %> lb:
Los Angeles Tomatoes. Sliail 26 t* box; Mexi
can Tomatoes, 75c(a.?l 26 It box; Cucumbers, 75c
@$1 %* dozen; Asparagus, $I@2 > box for ordi
nary and .*'_' 25(a2 76 for extra: Rhubarb, 2&©75 c;
Dried Peppers, 7®9c: (Jrerni Peppers, 10@16c:
Green Peas, 75c@$l > nark for common and if 1 26
($1 60 V sack for Sweet ; String Roans, B@llc f lb;
Horse Beans, 35@&0c « sack ; Dried Okra. 152% c;
new Cabbage, 60c V CM: Garlic. 4V's@sc V lb.
mJTTER, ihUSE AND KGGS.
BUTTER— Nothing Dew.
Crkamkhy — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13i/jc
%* Iri.
Dairy— Fancy, IS-!: good to choice, 12© 12 Vic;
lower grades, ll@ll%c
CHEESE— Fancy mild new Is quotable at 7@
7Vac %i ft,: common to good, 6%c; Cream Cheddar,
lOigJic lb; Young America. S(g,i)c ft D>; West
ern, lOgOllc; Eastern. l'J@l3%c
KGGS— The market Is welt stocked and slow.
Oregon Epgs.ll (» Eastern Eggs, ll@U%c;
Store Eggs. ll(c,12c: ranch Eggs, 15J%@13%c;
Duck Eggs, 14@15c V dozen.
POUI.TKY AND GAME. L !
POULTRY— Considerable Eastern remains un
sold and the market is depressed in consequence.
Some descriptions are lower again. Dressed Tur
! keys brought '16@I8c: live Turkeys, 16@lSc for
I Gobblers, 13@14c Jor Hens: Geese, 5* pair. $1 25@
i 1 50: Goslings, SI .'.().." l 76; Ducks. $4@5 for old
and *s(fl.T for young: liens, $3 60(g14 DO; Roosters,
youne, $« 50<a;8 >i dor.: do, old, s-Jia.4 50: Fryers,
96 50@6; Broilers. $4@5 30 for large and $5.'(&3 50
for small: Pigeons, Si 50@l 75 for young and
SI 6O(S>I 76 for old.
GAME— Hare,. 50@75c: Rabbits, SI 26 for Cot
tontails and Sl@l 26 $ no/, for small.
IiECIIJITOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
659 boxes, selling at 40c@$l for While, 40c@S 1
for Red and 31 60@2 ■>». box for Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 327
chests, selling at S6@lo V chest for Longworths
and $3 sl<@6 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 30.vj40c "r 1 drawer and 3c «• IMn
sacks. . ~
Raspberries, f* drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons are weak and dull.
Oranges are quotable at $1 25(cft5{ V box for Seed
lings, *2 60@4 for Navels, $1 75@2 76 for Malta
Bloods and $1 50@2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets:
Lemons, 75c@jl 25 for common and SI BOfgJJ 50
lor good to choice; Mexican Limes. $5 50; Ba
nanas, f I@5J %< bunch: Pineapples, $3@6 * dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Apples, 1%@20 ft ft> for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(g.li,ic for evaporated ;
Peaches. 2>4@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6%(3i
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc ft
lb for fancy Moorpart: Figs, black, 2%c for nri
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c $
lb for evaporated halves, 3%@6c $ lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3i4e; Plums, :;' -.c % lb for pitted and
li/2^2cforunpltted; Nectarines. 3%C£sc f) 2. for,
prime to choice and /2 c for fancy.
Jobbiko Pbickh— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
"r lb; sun-ari«d. '•, a'-'r IVhclh-i, 3^4c and 6@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 11<212%c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes. ■ s<o.sVaC lor 404i50's and 4%@6c
I for fiOiaGO's: Apricots. ; 'a9o for prime to choice
I 10@llc for fancy Moorpark:' Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, S<ar>c: Pears, 8c 'f> Kb lor evapoi
| ated liH'vt", niTii •l<«7 I for quarters; Plums,
:3i lo for pitted and If.il^.c for unpitted: Nec
! tarines. 4ft6hc >. lb for primf-'to choice."
RAISINS and DRIED GRAPES— Pnc«i are
j follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3S/ic ■«* lb: 3-crown. loose, 2',^c: 2
crown, 2c: seeaiess Sultanas, <i%(&3%c; seedless
Muscati-N, '2i*.'a- i;i^c: three-croVvn Londnn layers,
70c ■ box; c!ii-ter-i, $1 35<$1 60: Dehesa clusters,
! S'J U)'A-> 28; imperial clusters, 60(a;2 75; Dried
1 Grapes, ■ lb.
! Jobbino Price*— Four-crown loose, 3%c: 3
; crown, 234@3c: 2-crown, 2Vi@s2V<>c. Seedless Snl
i tanas, 4c V tb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-<rown
j London layers, 75@90c: clusters, SI 50@l 75:
■ Dehesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, $2 75;
j Dried Grapes. .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at P®llc fi B>
for No. 1 hard and Ufa,] 3c '•*• S> for paptrr-shell. job
bing lots: Almonds, 6ia7 ; V &> for Languedoc
i and 81 -.wSIOo for p»p<>r-»heH, jobbing: Peanuts, 6%
j <&7cfor f.u«iernan<l 4' tor Call torn In: Hick
-1 ory NutH, .">«ti.-: Peoana, tie for rough and Re for
polished-. Filberts. £&9c: Brazil .Nut* 9@loo %*
lb: Cocoanuu, *4 sUlctb > 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable m 10@12c%« tt> for
bright and Mij9c '-' 11. for lower grades: water
( white extracted, &Ms%c '■§> Tb; light amber ex
| tracted, 4iAa43.;c: dark amber. 4c; dark, 2(A3c.
! - BEESWaX-25@27%c i* 2b.
PROVISIONS.
! All descriptions are dull and weak.
j CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c "0 lb for heavy. 7c
! for light medium. 9c %V &> for light. 10c for extra
j light and 12c 9- &> for sugar-cured : Eastern sugar
-1 cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c '?, lb;
I Mess Beef, ft 50(aM; extra mess do, S8 50(c9: fam
-1 ily do, SiO: extra prime Pork, $8 50@9: extra
I clear. SI 4V- bbl: mess, *12 V bbl; Smoked Beef,
i 10c ? lh.
i LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 614^ f> ft
i for compound :;n«l 6%c for pur«: palls, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, M 4 c tor compound and b'.^c for
; Dure: half-bbls, 6 1 6 l /2<-'. 10- tins. 7V*c; do s~li>,
7* 4.c 'flit,
I COTTHLENE— 6-"lic in tierces and 7%c V tt> in
! 10-tt.tius. • _______
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDE* AND SKINS— Prices show no change.
Heavy salted steers, 6%@7c; culls and brands,
6%@6c: medium. 6i /a ra)tki; cull* and brands. 4%
@sc: light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides. 6c
j %* tt.; cull* and brands, 4c; salted Kip. 4c V lb;
' salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, be: dry Hides, 9
! rdlOc; culls and brands .7%c: dry Kip and Veal.
! 7(a.hc; rims. S(OitJC: dry Call. 15c; culls, 10c: Goat
■ skins. 2l)C«t3sr each; "Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
I Biiiumer,2s<g > 30c: medium. 15@2.">C: winter, 9(a,10c;
: Sheepskins, shearlings, 10,'<ll.'>c each; short wool.
I £o@3sc each : medium, 40"f*500 each; long wools,
I 65c each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
[ TALLOW— No. 1. rMidered,3V4(gi3VaC; No. 2, 3c;
rellned, 6i^At,&:i Grease, 2%c *> lb.
WOOL— 1 iic- market continues dead and de
pressed. We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c: San Joa
quin and southern Coast, six months, 4(n.6c 1* Ik;
sun .loaquin, foothill, good to choice, "<(g^»c; San
, Joaiiuin, gear's fl. ecu, 4x/>A6%c.
HOI'S- J(g,4e «l ttn
GENERAL MERCHAND.'SK.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, Si 10®
4 IS; June-July delivery, *4 30 @* 25; San Q ue n*
tin, 94 VO: Wool Bags, 24%@2tf%c-
COAL-Harrison's circular says: "During the
I week there have been eight arrivals from the Coast
j mines with 16,228 tons of Coal, and Craigmore
I from Newcastle with 3131 tons. Business In this
1 line during the week has Been reported generally
I good. • Quotations In most lines art- unchanged ex
■ cept for some, few grades of Australian. of which
I there Is but a very slim stock hem and still less on
the way: these facts justify holders in demanding
fancy prices for tbe .small quantity they have.
Consumers will not suffer materially, u-s the Brit
ish Columbia products can be safe v and economi
cally substituted for steam uses, and these are in
the market in full supply at reasonable figures
The strike In Aostra la does not show any signs of
abatement, In fact it is otherwise, as It was report
ed on 'Change yesterday to have extended to the
Sydney collieries; ■ heretofore the labor disturb
ances have always been local and never reached
the Wai ongong and Sydney mines"
Wellington is quotable at $8: New Wellington,
88 ijl ton: Houtnrlelct Wellington. S7 50 1* ton;
Seattle. *s'<ts 60" Bryant, *5: Coos Bay, #4 60:
Wallsend. 56 50; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo »7 &0:
Cumberland, SIS 60 In bulk and S(5 in skn;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, fll: Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; ' Cannel, «8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 87 60; Coke,
*10 50 in bulk and 812 60 V ton In sacks.'
RICE— A lower rttnxe of values Is quoted.
Chinese mixed, S3 20@3 40: No. 1, S3 50@3 70 3*
cil: extra No. 1, f3 VbGil: Hawaiian. S3 37%@
3 60; Japan, SS6s(qi9o: Rangoon, S3 10.
COFFKfc.— c."_. BieVfbrd'n circular I ves the re
ceipts at this port thus far this year nt 76,818 bags,
against 101,723 bags (hiring the same period last
year. The gales from , llrst hands were 49,656
• bax«, "gainst 65!.644 bags. The stock in lirst hands
May 1 was 'J4.910 bags.tngniiist 35,674 '.a**. he
world* visible supply May i >v«s 2.519.610 bags.
r.gain»t3,lls,Bl)o bf'tiß May 1, 1895. 1 lie circular
says: "Quite an active business has bern done dur
•«■ -= the past ten days, aggregating nearly 6000
bags, almost wholly local consumption. Pealers
were evidently In ne«-d of stock of every descrip
tion, as the demand lias been general for all classes
of Coffee ami the distribution about equally divid
ed. The movement whs readily me: by Importers
at prices previously current, and quotations, a*
evidenced by sales, remain practically unaltered.
At the close, however, gooil unwashed Salvador^
and the better grades of Costa Rica are held a little
llrnier. To-day's sto. Kin first hands is 2'-lK
Costa Rica. 82 Nicaragua. 9779 Salvador. 10,776
Guatemala and 311 Mexican— ln all 28.166 nag*.
There are no advices of cargoes afloat." We quote
market tlrm at: , •
Costa Rica— for good 10 prime: 17%
@18%cfor good mixed with black beans; 16Vi@
17% c nom. for fair; 130)16o for common to ordi
nary. > • w .• . .
SALVAnoR-ni/g^isi/^c for fair to good washed;
19i' 2 (gi2oc for goo<r washed p«-ftbrrry ; 17@] 7%c for
superior unwashrd; 16»if^l6%c for ROOD green
unwashed; 19c for good unwa»lie<i n«*aberrv.
<-|-ATKMAI.A AND MEXICAN— 2O®2I%C V th f Or
prime to strictly prime, washed; lbJAf«l9%c tor
good to strictly good washed; 17%<-!B>4c for fair
washed ;.l«(g)i7c for medium: M".l 5 : ■>'• for ordi
nary; 12@14c for Inferior to ' cotataon : • 2UW'JIc
for good 10 prime washed peaberry: 19c for good
onwashaq peaberry.
SUGAR— Tho Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: I Cube, -Crushed,- Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c: Dry Granulated, s^o;
Contectloneis' A, 6%c; Magnolia A. 6V*c: Kxtra
C. 6%c; Golden C, 6c- half-barrels, V4O more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. .
SYKUP— Uolden, in bbla, 15c: Black Strap. 10c
* gal. ' . ,
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT BIABKKT.
Prices show no material change. Hogs ar« weak.
Wholesale rttes for dressed stock from siaugh
tertrs are as follows:'
BKEF— First quality, S@SV4C: - second do, 4%@
4S/ ; third do, 3%@4c V lb. ■
VEAL- Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c ?lb.
MCTTUK— Wethers, -6@6%c: Ewes. 4%@5c
V It* '
LAMB— Spring Lamb. effi6V 2 c "? ft).
lt)KK— Live Hogs, 3i.4@3s. s c %* ft> for large and
• ?I .'<S>3s/ 8 for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
*ie 7v7 v lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR' 24 hours.
flour, or. ski 19.4951Chee5e.a15.....:.. I 1?
Wheat, etla 400K(rgs. doz.. 12.900
Barley, ct15. ....... 4,Bf»ni Hides, no ~ 680
Oats, ctls. 735 Pelts, ctd1i.. ........ 160
Corn,ctls 1,916 Wool, bis 701
Beans, 5ka......... Leather, roll* 136
Potatoaa, tits— ..„ I.493<Wine. gals 73,100
Onion*, it* 675 Brandy, ga15....... 260
Bran. «*«.. „ 100 Lime, obit m. 81
MldUlian. 5ka,.... 500|Tallow. ".
Hay. ton*. _ . 389 Quicksilver, flassa 85
•straw. tons 10' Raisins, bxs 1,800
Butter, ctls.. 371' Chicory, bbls 76
THE STOCK MARKET.
Th« Boom- in Mining Stocks Increase*
in Force. ' t '
Yesterday was the most exciting day yet in the
present boom. Business was very - heavy and
prices made a farther advance. Sates on the noon
informal session were enormous, and Chollar
touched S2 63. Potosl $1 10, Best A Belcher * 1 30.
Yellow Jacket 80c, Con. Cal. <tt Va. $3 30, Ophlr
$1 90, Hale <£ Norcross $1 60, and so on. Occi
dental reversed the order, 'and touched its best
price on the morning session, selling up to $2 30
and falling back to $165 on the noon session,
though it subsequently recovered to 92 25. Thls (
stock has been very freaky during the cxc ltemen
of the past four or rive days.
On the afternoon call there was a lull in trading
and sales were much smaller, with a correspond
ing decline in prices. . Chollar fell to 91 95, Potosi
to 91 05, Con. Cal. & Va. to $2 90, and so on. Some
of the lower priced stocks, however, showed an ad
vance over the noon session.
The close was dull and prices wore generally
lower, though Chollar recovered to $2 20 and Po
tOM to $1 10. The lower priced stocks were all off
ami weak. UTitiiTfli
The sudden boom has caught more or less deal
ers napping as usual, and the announcement of the
failure of several firms of brokers showed that the
sharp advance is dealing bard blows to the shorts.
The annual meeting of the Hutchln.son Sugar
Plantation Company will be held -May 12.
The annual meeting of the Christy Mining Com
pan v has been called for May 18.
The .sigkiyou Consolidated Mining Company of
West Beaver mining district, aisklyou County,
has levied an assessment of per share, delin
quent July 8.
San Francisco Gas will oay a dividend of 35c on
the 16tb.
Silver King is assessed 25c.
Charles W. liaskell, superintendent of the Sa
vannah mine, reports under date of May 2 us fol
lows:
We have just made a fine shot in drift and stope.
Quartz . coming in very heavy again in the drift,
and it Is that quality of ore which has always pros
pected well. The stope is giving us a good quality
of quartz. The worK is being pushed right ahead.
We fired shots this noon, and will have machine
set up ready for work by 6 this evening. All pro
visions, iron, tools, fittings, etc , received yester
day. I have the road In excellent condition again
and all repairs from the storm completed. The
Wideawake continues to delight me, though the
quartz does not yet prospect. Ihe ledge is getting
nice and solid.
BOAKI) SALES.
Following were ths a*.o» ia the san Fn.T?ts3«
BtocK Board yesterday:
BSOPLAS uoRMNi RlMiiON rOMMKNCINO 9:30.
400 Alpha 23*200 CCAV..2.80 150 Occd ....'_\2o
300 24 300 Conn ...1.20 100 2.16
1200 Alt*. ..-.20 '.'50 Crwn Pt. .60 400 Ophir.. . >
I 200 Andes 421200 59 600 .. . . 1.65
1 .HOO Belcner..6S .'(»0 57,700 .. 1.70 !
90U84 1i...1.!0 200Exchqr....0H20O .. . 1.70
600 ....1.051600 09950 Polos! ..81 .
100 Bodle eOSOOU&C. 87 1750 . .HO'
400 59 100 550 Savage 60 '
j 50 68 MM H&N.... 1.40:200 „ 81 !
i 600 8u11i0n. ... 23 500 1.45 100 Bcorplon..o7
100 '«•■» 200 Justice .. 07 100 heg 8e1....18
1 JOO Caleda:..l3 100 Kt>ntuck..o6|3so S Nev....85 ,
j 800 Cha11«e...61 1300 Mexcan.67 550 87 !
• 4U0Ch011ar..2.1;0 300 68 100 . ..H6 '
300 2.26; 50 69600 Union 71 '
100 a.JO 1 -'000ccid....2.10 6CO ... 70
400 ...... i.-VMiv 2550 2.26200 Utah 15 i
400 CC<fcV..2.«t 250 2.30,1100 V Juckt.46
; . t AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
50 Alpha 30 100 Chonar..2.O 100 Mexican. .73
100 81} 60 1.95 100 Mono. . 15 ,
100 34 «10 CCA V...3.00 550 0ccdt1...1.95
-'00 ..33 400 2.90 1350 .'. 1.90
| 200 A1t*_.....17j 60 :. -2.951100 Ophir.... 1.70
i 300 Andes .'..45' 6!) Conn... .1.00 .'OO 1.76
1 200 44 3000 C linp...U2'B,H) Ovrmn. . .19
I 100 4315000 Con N V.05 1600 Potosi. l.lo !
200 42800 C P0int.. .65 1.(>6 '
800 Belctter...6tMoo 63 100 Savage.. ..7l ;
'-50 67 700 O * C... 88900 70 i
»00 wti9 150 87 1200 beg 8et.. 20
450 B A 8..1.30 BAN .. .1.40:100 19
300 8u11i0n ....33 300 I.S&tSUO S Nev... 98
700 32300 Julia. 26900 I.O'J |
200 .....31 100 Justice... 22 VOO Sll Hill. .06
100 30400 Kentuck..O«',3sn Union..
600 8u1wer....36W)0 Mexican.. 7:l.2oo Utah ...»16
200 Ca1eda....15 100 74 1000 V Jackt.66
100 Chilling... s7 ISO 751J00 65
14U0Clioilar2.lKli 1
.Following wore tne sales id th» Pad Ho aioo£
£o«rd yesttrdav: WffKP^W^
BEOrt.tß bkssiox— lo:3ll.
350 Alpha ~.. 2.T3OOCC*V2.IS2i 800 Occid;l..'i.ls
400 ..'••...». 4. 24*60 0ph1r1.47V%
200 Alta 161250 2.6^.500 1 1-.
300 If- 100 :..'2V 8 600.. 1.52% :
600 '.. 19600 ..2.90800 1.60 !
600 201300 ..... 2.95 000 1.80 :
400 Andes. ...4C1150 .....S.l>oH7oo 1.70 |
bOO 47 1600 ..:<»A9OO 1 34
200 49 400.. 3.b0|2i)0 1.f»..
500 ~% 400 C0nn... .1.20 400 1.90
300 Belcbsr....;li.;6Uo 1%.00 1.95
600 67, 30OOConImp.ObH00 Uvrmn....l6
hOO ....- 68 180OCrwnPt.56 300 P0t05i....70
700 69300 5, 200 72
1200 ....6U500 58 1200 73
5l)t) 300 6P -00 34
400 65 800 60 300 ?$
1800 671400 65 1660 HO
400 72 1360 Exchqr..O^ 800 82
300 73:>00 _..O6 100 83
200 BAB ..87 SOO A C 81 600 84
200 700 81; 200 85
300 91 200.. ..H.H;OO 87
500 ......... 92 600 M ...'.8b:i00 93
200 93200 921400 95
800 95 500 931050 ....96
200 1.05 1200 HAN 600 1,00
300 ..........1.10 1400 1.35 300 1.05
200 1.151900 1.40.100 1.10
400 1.20 ft oo 1.45 HOO 3avaw....%
600 I.WKOO 1.56 700 61
500 Bodle 59300 1. 70. 800 52
400 681500 Justice.. oß3oo 54
300 Bulllon.».22'«OO ....09|i00 65
500 26 600 Kentuck..ob;s'JO 62
300 28500 Mexlcan..s9ilOoo 65
600 ....30 600 1200 ...... 70
500 34 800 62J1400 80
600 35400 . ........... 6« 1400 Scorpiono7
9(10Ca1eda.....13'300 68300 58<tM....18
600 Challnc.s6 300 722160 20
1200 400 .....78250 3 NeT....g4
400 60 500 0ccd.... 1.30 400 ...85
500 66 1000 .1.35300 — .86
500 1.65.200 1.37% GOO :.....87
350 1.70 '....1.40 400 89
800 1.80 200 l.V.' ■■> 400 Union C..66
800 1.85 300 .'.:1.451600 67
1600 ........a.06 1050 1%300 .....68
bOO 2.07 MM) 1-56 1300 71
1200 2.11. 1500 1.60 400 ....82
800 2.15 700 .........1.65 »00 Utah 14 !
200 2.171^,600 1.701800 15 i
600... 2.20 1600 13,4 800 YJack<it..4s '
600 2% 1500 .........1.81i|400 .....46 I
200 2.3U1350 ..1.85 600 . 47
600 2.351400 17 !300 52
300 21/9.200 1.V0600 «2
300 ....9.606U0 1.961300 63
100 ...._.. ..2.70400 ........ .2.0U 600 ...; 70
300 2.751400 52.06 400 72
"-00 CCAV...2.40 200 -.8.10 300 .'.'.'.'......'.76
600 2.461200 21 /8
AFTKPNOON SESSION"— 2:3O. '",-.'
400 A1pha.. ;..26,7500 C Imp.. 03 1500 Ovrmn. .lß ■
850 Alta 20 800 C N Y.....07'J500 19 1
300 21 1800 C P01nt..65 P0t051. .1.05
400 Ande5.... % ! 700 :...Ui|l4oo ... . 1.00
200 .51:600 Exchqr... 12 1450 ..■.'.'■..'.."aß
1250 Belcher.. 6s 1500 .....10 1000 95
1500 66.300 ... 091400 '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. .98
800 Bit 8..1.15 l 1300O&C....88:500 Savage.'. '75
200 . ........ 1.10 l 1600 ..1.40 350 74
450 Bodle 70500 1.V.2200 71 I
1400 Bullion.. Bl 400 1.35400 69
2500 ...... 30 600 1.321-4. 500 ;'.'.'.*.'."."*'. 68
4(M) ......29(500 ....1.9(3500 •.■: 65 1
800 ~20,60l» Julia.... 25 600 ".".'.' til'
6(H) 8u1wer. ..30 1200 Justice.. 10 800 SBAm"".\!o i
600Ca1ed......15iH00. '.'0 900 » Nev 7 99 I
600Cballn(;e..67.900Kenick...07iBy0 . 08
800 68 .'4OO Mxlcan.7s ! SUO '.. ""..""91
400.... 60800 74300. " 90
400 65 600 Mono. 14500 ""88
1250 Ch011r.2.15 600 0ccdt1.. 54.00 850 Union **' 80
300 2.' .•> 1350 2.05400 Utah.. V.V.2o
400 ...... 1.05400 V... 2.101400 16
1000 CC&V.8.00.600 ..1.90'40U YJMK«t"6O
600 3.06400 1.85 800....... ..62
600..... 3.10603 0ph1r.....13.i 1 1600 83
800 2.X5500 ....... M 1.J?61300 ." .64
600 Conn... .l%!e00 ......... l.«5!3OO ...U 6*
500 Con Im. SOU Ovrmn.... 17 400 .*.'."." .'!'.'.!'.67
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, FRIDAY. May 8-4 p.m.
Bid.AtknL ' ■ \3l<t.Aikmri
C0n..... 30 32|j«ckson.. 40 Z.
f '«*....; ~ 17 19iJnlia •..;-;.""• 25 27
* n «»« - 46 47 Jostle..-...."" 19 21
elc "er. 65 88 Ben to ck. 08 10
He«Aß«lohet.l.ls l.aO^Lady Wash.." 05 _
* ,l«, l « ..- 60 - Mexican.. ...« 76 76
8u11i0n.... .... 30 31 Mono. "..~ 14 _
vJSZV'""' »- 34 - Nevada uueea. - 05
toleflonw....^ 14 -Occidental.... 1.90 2.00
h0 »*». ........ - 2 " 2.26 Ophir 1.80 1.85
Lhallenrevjoa. 52 55 Overman .... 16 18
ton. cat & Va. 2.85 2.9U Polo* . .......7. 1.05 1.10
Urn. imoerta!. .U2 03 *»ayt ».•..>;... 63 64
tODfWencj.._l.4s 1.501 he Belcher... 19 - 2li
con.NewYorc OB - Sierra Nevada, 90 95
trowa i*oim... 69 70 Scorpion. "** — 07
fc.asuiierrai.«». _ 06 Silver Hiu"..«. 03 ' _
Exchequer,,..;. 10 - Union Uoa..^. 79 81
>^a\a t\ Curr ' t 86 90 Utah............ 16 18
Hals &i»0rc».1.25 1.30 VeUow JaoiMi 65 70
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Sales this morning were 900 shares Amalln at
*isO(&2 05: 2100 shares Grant nt 24®25c: 1600
shares Lockwood at Ss@3ec: 1200 shares Savan
nah at 3S@44c, and 100 shares Sebastopol at sb@
60c. « :
STOCK AND BOND KXCHANGK.
FRIDAY. May 8 -a p. m.
rVITKD 8T» BONDS.
Jilit. Aakeii. Bid. AskadL.
lioMwls P..U7Vi120P ..U7Vil2o U 8 4, ret.,.. 10^109
Do,newls...H7%iaO I
MiHC<vLi.vVKotr<« Bovni.
Cal-ntCbleßs.lll%l l3 (Pa 2d Iss B*. — —
Cal Flee L (to. - 1231/4.! P*O Ry B*los 130
CntraCW6s. 96V& 98 P«fcChßv6». - 107%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 «5 Pwl-st.RR6i. - 118 Vi
I KdsnL*P6i - laa^Keno. WL&L - 105
F<t RRBs. 105S/, — RlverW Colii — 100
! Oearv-stR5«. 1013^104 IsactoPiL.. - 1(«V4
I LosAnKl'tts. - 103 KF<feNPKRSiIO2 -
I DoUnted.fli. - 103 SPKKAriz&i 96% 97%
! Mkt-stCWe6jl23 - SPRRCaias.. 108VtUl
DoßyConss-10BiA106 SPilßCalfta, - -
NevCNgß7s. 95 106 Bi'BrßCaias. 98% -
NPCH.K6s.IOS - SVWaterds.. - 119^
Ry Cat Os. 102 105 bVWater4s._ 99 99 V2
NKyCalSs. — - KtktnU&Koi — 101
OakUas 65.. 100 104% Hun»t T&TtU. 100 —
Co, 2d lss 6s. 103 Vs — ltiutier-siK6a>lo7^ —
Omnibus 6*. 119 V* - VusallaWUtU - 9U
PacKollMß*. — . — I
wat « NT.)rm.
Contra Costa 37 Vs 89V5:iSan Jose 75 100
MariuCo.... 50<y 8 - i |SprlngVaUey 99% a9S/ 8
. • A> tTIICKI.
Capital....... — 35 Paclflo Light. 4«3^ 4V
Central... .. 95 — tan irrancico 93 93%
Oak Q LA H. 61 63 biockton. .... — 21%
racUaslmp. bH 87
■■;.". innUKa.n'ct: itook*.
rtremansFd.l7o — (Sun 41 _
COMMERCIAL RANK BTr.r'Kl.
AmerßATtiL — — ■' LondonPftA.l2BV4lV9
Acßlo-Cal ... 81 B0 I LondonitSF. — 27%
Bank of CaL.239 242% Merch Ex... IX. —
CaISDATCa. 63% 64 14 Nevada -^ —
FirstNaUoaLl7B 182 1 A baiter 800. — —
Urangers..- — — i :,
• SAVINGS BANK STOCK
OerS<bLGo..l4ls — Eav&Loaa.. — 100
HumbS<feL.lloo 1450 Security..... — 260
Mutual 37% 40 Union Trust. — blO
b>- SavUnlon — 486
bTBKKT KAILROADKTnCKI.
California.... — 110 LJtllay - 100
Oe»ry-st 60 80 Presidio. .... 7% 10
UarkeL-st..~ 46 47 Sutter-5u..... — —
row 1 «.K hi. m v.
Atlantic D... 16% — iJudson _ — —
Eastern D... 80' 90 ttlant. 23.% 24%
California.... 80 115 tVlgunU „ — 95c
MISCtLLANKOr* «iTO-«t«-
Alaska Pkn. 96>4 — OceanlcSSCo 27% 30
BlkDCoalC* — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax. _ 91 100
CalDrrDock. — — ' Pacl&NCa — SO
EdlsonLlght.ll7'villßy lac RoU Mill — -
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. 6% 7Va
Ger Lead Co. 86 — iPacTransCa. - 24
HawC£SCo- 18% 19 I'acTATCo 65 70
HutchHPCa. 23 Vi 23S^'KunsetT&T.. 4.1 —
JudsonMfgGL — — I United COO.. — 2b
MerKzAsaalOO 110 I
WALKS— MOR.N'ZXU SESSION.
Board—
10 Pacific Gas Imp 86 50
25 Gaslight 83 25
Street—
50 Marln County Water. 50 75
•115000 S V 6% Bonds 119 25
BALKS— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board —
50 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
200 Hutcninson S P Co. .- 23 50
$:-:000 - Pof A Bonds 97 00
f 1000 S F & N P Hallway Bonds 102 12%
Street—
60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
60 L Pi. A Bank 128 50
50 SF Gaslight 93 25
•—• — ♦ — •
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
A decline in Eggs is the only change in dairy
produce
Hens are rather cheaper. Meats show no change, '
Fish is about as usual.
Fruits sell at last week's prices as a rule, but all
Spring kinds, such as Cherries, Berries, etc., are
dearer than usual, as the frosts cut down the sup
piv materially.
Vec<'tables are about the same.
Following is Thk Call's regular weekly retail
price list :
COAL— PKR TON.
Cannel <£10 00 PleasantVal 9 6031000
Wellington. — <*.1O 00 Southfield
New Wei- i Wellington — ta, 960 !
lington — @1000 'Scotch —(4 960
Seattle 7 00<g» 750 j Coos Bay... 6 50^ -
Castle Gate. 9 60(£10 00
DAIRY PRODUCT, ETC.
Butter, fancy, ii Cheese, Eastern... 15<a20
i square 30(935 Cheese, Swiss.. . 20&30
do, roll 30(<a— Common Egtrs..l2i^> —
do. choice _ 2b(d) — RanchT£ifgSf«dz...lfi(a)l7
Ordinary — (a) — Honey, comb, ~#tt>.lVi(#ls
Clieese, Cal 10^— do, extracted B@l2
HEATH— PKR POtTJTP.
Bacon.. 12®17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice :12<ai5 Pork, salt :..10@12
do, good S<a.lO Pork Chops l'_'(sls
Corned 8eef....... 8(i — Round Steak »$lO
Ham, Cal 12iA@15 Sirloin Steak.. .l2JA<S —
do, rn.....15(a. — Porterhouse, d0:.. 1?@20
Lard..... I'jrilS Smoked Beef.^... — «115 \
Mutton IC@ — ! Pork Sausages — (S2O I
Spring Lamb 10@12jVeai ;.... 10@)16
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens, each..... 50® 60 Turkeys, 'A lb.. 18® 20
Young Koost- - ■ Ducks, each... 60<a 90
ers. each 75®1 00 Geese, each 1 76&2 00
Old Boosters. Pigeons, V pr.. 40® bO
each 50® bO Rabbits, pr.. »5@ 40
Fryers, each... j — (5» 75 Hare, each 15® 20
Broilers, each.. ' 35($ 601
FBUITS AND XUTB.
Almonds, IS lb 12@15|Llmes, doz 12015
Apples. %* ft. B<o)l OOrangM, * doz. .. .10<a3O
Bananas, V doz...l6r<s.'o:Uaislns, %» lb. 6<<815
Cocoanuts, each...lO6£l2|!{aspberries.sDskt26^3O
Cherries. V lb lU@?5 Strawoerries,
Gooseberries, f» lb. 8& i 01 fi drawer 25@60
Lemons, ¥ d0r.... Walnuts, 9 Si 16& —
VKOETABLE3.
Asparagus, ? n>... s@loiLettuce,' s doz 15®20 <
Artil■hokes,Vdoz..l^(a4oiM^'fat Squash, tb —(A —
Beets, 1? doz .12^16 Onions, lb : 4(^
Beans, white l*lb.2Va(So 6 Peppers, green,iftlb2o«i2!i
Colored. . ..2Va(* 6 Parsnips, ?> a0z....i6(jp20 1
Lima. ■$ tt) 4@ ©Potatoes, V ft. 2® 3
Cabbage, each 6(<SlO| . do. New. "& tt>.... 3t3 4
Cauliflowers, each. 6ra> B<Hhi]t>arb, ? !b... . 4(o, ft ■
Celery. "¥ bunch. . . 6<a — i Hadlshes.^dzbchs.lO@l 2 '
Cress. '$dzbuncbs.2U<426iSaf;e, %> tt> 25®35
CucHmber,^doz.7s@l 26 J String Beans, ?i n.. l"2(oiir>
Garlic^ ».. 8(910 Thyme, f> lb 20(g>30 •
Green Peas, ft lb.. 4® 6 Turnips, ?* doz 15@20
Lentils, 1* lb 6® BiTomatoes, "v, 1b.... 10©12
FlSH— per ponso.
Barracuda 15® —Shad ." B@lo
Carp BfdilO!Sea Bass — ® —
Codfish..-. — r«lsSmelts - 12® —
Flounders loratl^JSoles 10®12 |
Halibut.. 15 Skates, each 10@12
Herring 10@12,Sturgeon — ® —
Kinsflsh ~..-..lO(a»l2'Tomcod 15@ — i
Mackerel 20«» —Clams, f* gal — ®15
do, Horse lli<3>l*Do, hardshell, & i
Perch lOfal— 100 60® —
Ponumno —'d> —Crabs, each 12.^>15
Rockfish ...12(dll5Do. softshell, dz.26®35
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® — Mussels, f^ qrt. .10®15 i
Salmon, tresh 12® — Oysters, Ca1, 100.40® —
Shrimps S(i.£lO Do, Eastern, %i dz. 25(^40 j
•- ♦ — »
Fishy, but Possible.
You can believe this or not, as you
choose, but every man at the Locks will ;
tell you it is so.
While the pleasure-seekers were gazing ]
indolently into the canal, thinking how >
much better time they were having than ,
those fellows down there in the town, they s
saw a ripple on the water. ,
The next thing they discovered was a
catfish, nine inches long, suspended some ]
little distance from the water and coming s
in thfir direction. As it got nearer they
saw that the poor little fish was tight in
the grasp of a huge water-snake, ten or }
twelve feet long. After coming very near
the ba# k the snake discovered the 1•<
pleasure-seekers, and. seeing that he could {
not land and gorge himseif, he swam l
around in circles waiting until some of the
boys sent a negro for a shotgun. After be- i
ing shot the snake, having nothing further
to do, sank to the bottom.— Atlanta ]
Chronicle.
Got the Wrong Mini.
Old Mr. and Mrs. Shuman, from Bryan, i
went to town, and in coins to the hotel !
for dinner saw a crowd around the Jus
tices' Court, says the Atlanta Constitu- !
tion. The old couple, with pardonable
curiosity, inquired the cause of the gather
ing. They were informed that a man was
on trial for beating his wife. Edging their
way through the bystanders to get a look
at the prisoner, the old lady whispered to
her husband: "What a murderous look-
Ing creature the prisoner is! I'd be afraid
to get near him." "Hush!" warned bar
husband. "That isn't the prisoner; he
hasn't been brought in vet. "It isn't?
Who is it, then?" "It's the Judge."
•—•• — •- — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1898.
Bn. Mo. To. W^Th. Vr.| Sa. ■ MoonVPhaaesj
1 2 ~~~^
!| '_ ' '■ *■• t7*\ Last Quarter, ji
' - _ • ~ ' " May 4.
13456 7 8 9 : —
T~ ; r ■ - ~ " <!Sk New Moon.
10 II 12 13 14 15 16 ]«/ May i2>
17 18 19 i2O 21 '22 23 First Quarter
' .' \JJ May 19.
24 25 26 27 28 ' 'JO !SO i ~ :
— : : — i (<G\ Fall Moon, j
31 ' I .■ I • IS/ May 28. ,
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch H v droobaphic Omec U. S. N. l
MIBCH»STS' KxcriANoic V
San FBANcisca May 8. 189«. )
The tune ball on Telegraph UUi was dropped
m^rtf ** noon to^«y-i- c., at noon of the 120 th
I meridiau, or exactly u»r.v. Greenwich tima.
: . A. F. FKCHTELEtt,
. LiPntenant U. S. N.. in chart*.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
_°"CAMgK_jPKBTiyATIOy.|-- SAILS. | PIKB.
romoni. ' « IC * P(rt Bn<} i M »y »• Bam Pi( » r 9
Dei""n.- ! ""raboMthav : May 9. 'Zru Pier 9
Kur.'ia "•■•■"'•"Haroor j.May 9.5 fu
Ara«o irn WDOr; May 11. Bam : Pier 11
Doric cZu,'%7 Mayl2.loAii iierli
Sunol... %;rev?H May 13. 10am Pler-Jt
Weeott K?Ki? -iMHyLS. 12 ji Pier 2
Coos Bay.V.. Me fco er }! 18 - "* M n *' 13
UmaUUi.... Vlcims;-; M»y".loAii Bdwy 2
ovl'ani... Newnort May 14. 9am Pier 9
Arrata n r V ? o "Po * 9aw| Pier 2
Empire..... .Oregon pom ' v» y l l^ 1 2 Pl< Pier 24
Columbia... Portland " x{ ay JS\ spm PI « ] "
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMER I KK^St " -
I*l Norte l G rays Haroor ~*°" ,
Monowai I Sydney Mavr 9
I;, 111 *" Newport.' *': ayr 2
: Crescent City ! S" y 2
L m »" u » Gloria i li lVu1 V u — Sou - • g*» }»
Weeotc EetJUver... ay 1"
■»raco coot Bay.. May 10
JSantaKosa Han Diego- . I'/ ." May 10
Proeresslst Departure Bay.'.". « y ,i
sp-.£E sbsk*=|== Ess
cS' s ":.»vSev: Sir.."»» ~ : ■■>:>«
Washtenaw..... Tacoma utlH
Empire Portlana..;."; v J "J?
Farallon Yaauinauay.;"** m y t
Credent Crescent citr_ KiJS
Amtralla, ' Honolulu. """" ' 'm*v|b
SUN, MOON AND TIDE..
TJ. R. Coast avd Geodetic Burvkt Tib«
Br-LLKTIV PITBLMHKD BY OffSsLT I
AUTHORITY OF THK SUPEBtSTKNDEXT. )
Saturday May 9.
SnnrlsM 5.03 Moon rises..
Banaeia 7.1 0 Uooa sew...."'
3.03 am
May
-lHitr,.
9 8.49 j 1.2!10.'J0i 401 310 m o iki — Ta
11 4.56 0.3 11.57 37 4 1 iI, $ «
it «>3i SB a ill ll ii: " »
NOTB-In the above exposition of the tides tho
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by ihe charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY, Mays.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, 15% hours from Eureka;
j pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co.
.Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. — days from Ouay
mas. via Knseni»<la 83 hoars; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins * Co.
stmr North Fork, Hansen. 22 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Del None. Stockfleth, 64 hours from Grays
Harbor; 330 M ft lumber, to X X Wood Lumber
Co.
Stmr City of Everett, Bucknam, 89 hours from
Nanalmo: 3690 tons coal, to John Rosenfela's
1 Sons.
■ Ship Elwell, Ryder, 7 days from Narjaimo; 2281
j tons coal, to John Ptosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLeod, 11 days from
Seattle: 2300 tons coal, to Central Coal Co.
Bktn lrmgard, Schmidt, IS days from Hono
lulu; sugar, etc, to Williams, Dimond A Co. '
Schr lda McKay, Johnson, 4 days from Sooth
I Bend: 260 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Let tit la, Stokkebye, 10 days from Portland;
— M ft lumber, to Byxbee <fc Clark.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, 8 hours from Fort Ross;
50 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr O M Kellogg. I verson, 3% days from Grays
Harbor, lumber, to 8 E Slade Lumber Co.
Cleared. .
FRIDAY, May 8.
Stmr Colon, Maoklnnon, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co. - • "
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend : Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Brig Lurline, Miller, Kahului; Hawaiian Com
mercial and Sugar Co.
Schr Oiga, Ipsen, Nicolaefskl; Hawley Bros
Commercial Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, May 8.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc.
U H stair Unadllla, Kedaton, Santa Barbara
Channel.
US stmr Albatross, Drake, Santa Barbara Chan
nel.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson,
tltmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cms.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazatlan.
Charters.
The bark R P ' tbet and »<** Transit load md..
for Honolulu. "»«••
Telegraphic. .
POINT LOBOS. May 8-10 n It— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 30 mlleaT w«*"»«w «*"»«
Miscellaneous.
MENDOCINO, Arrived May 8-«chr Abble, frm
Monterey, for Fort Bragg with sails blown away.
Memorandum.
Per Coos Bay— Qer bark Pallas was loading
Boreil wood outside the bar at Altata. ""«»"*
Domestic Ports.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived May 8-Br ship
Lucipara. hence Apr 29. p
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 7— Stmr Jewel for
Hneneme. ' r
GRKENWOOD-Sailed May 8-Stmr Greenwood
for San Francisco. ■  :. .• "
TATOOSH— Passed May 8-Br itmr Progressist
from Departure Bay, for San Fanclsco- bark
Orezon. from Nanalmo, for San Francisco. '
VENTURA-Salled May B— Schr Fanny Dutard
for Port Blakeley. *
USAL— Arrived May B— Stmr Newsboy, hence
* PORT LOS ANGELEB-Satled May ShiD
Chas E Moody, for Hongkong. p
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May B— Stmr Noyo
hence May 7. . < '
TACOMA-Arrlved May 8-Schr F 8 Redfleld %
from Hilo. '
HCENEME— SaiIed May B— Stmr Caspar
EUREKA— Arrived May B— Schr John A, hence-
May 3; ssmr Weeott, hence May 6. and sailed for
San Francisco.
Sailed May 8-Schr Bertha Doibeer, for San
Pedro; senr Laura Pike and stmr National City for
San Francisco. J
ASTORIA-Satled May 7-Schr Louis, for
Shanghai. May B— Stmr State of California for
San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Ste«:nsre.
NEW YORK— Arrived May B— Stmr Patria frm
Hamburg; stmr Normannla, from Hamburg and
Southampton.
HAMBURG— Arrived out May 8— SSmr Persia
BKKM EN— Arrived out May B— Stmr Stuttgart.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out May 1 8-Stmr
Umbrta.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 8-Stmr
A Her. -
Sailed May B— Stmr Augusta Victoria, for Vic
toria.
1 Foreign Ports, '.'"'v
LA LI BERT AD— Arrived May 6— Schr Chal
lenger, from Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived , May 3— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. May 6— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, hence Apr 16,' via Hono
lulu.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Potnotia—B bxs plates. 1 bx
lemons, 3 hf-tub 18 tubs 87 bxs butter, '26 kegs
butter, 9 dressed calves, 2 cs paper, 55 pkgs mdse,
SO sks potatoes, 275 M shingles. 10 bdls green
pelts, 1 coop chickens, 6 pkgs express, 2 pigs
coin.
X B and ERR R— 2l tubs 333 bxs butter, 1 keg
brandy, 9 pkjs mdse.
Sprlngville— s bbls 10 cs cider. „ .
Itohtierville— sß sks potatoes.
Junction— l 73 sks potatoes.
• GUAYMAS— Per Coos Bay— 29 salt hides, 138
bills salt tildes. 341 pkgs wreckage. 110 tons salt 4
bdls deerskins. 11 dry hides, 21 bxs green fruit, 20
ska damiana, 1 bdl tins, 10 sealskins, 251 sks pearl
shells, 661 bags 1 pkg gold ore, 3 ska Mexican
coin, 1338 sks a bxs ore, 1 sk snlphurets, 1 bar
gold bullion, 441 sks sugar, 1 cs guns, 1 cs cart
ridges. 9 sks horns, 15 turtles, 2 sks silver slag, 2
bars silver bullion, 'J26 sks stiver ore, 239 green
hides, 14 sks shrimps, 50 bxs salted fish. 5 bals
alligator skins.
EUREKA-r-Per North Fork— l bx hardware, 12
sksßlues'.ock, 1 bbl whisky, 2 cs groceries. U8 sks
potatoes, 15 pkgsTndse, 1*24 M ft lumber 6 cords
slave bolts, 1051 doors, 2348 M shingles, 50 M
shakes.
"j. Consignees.
Per Coos Bay— Thannhauser & Co: SB Peterson:
EL Starr; W Loalza A; Co; Williams, Dimond &
Co; Selby smelting and Lead Co; Con Mexican
Mining Co: Gardiner <fc Thornley; G staacke; L
Gtlson: Theidman A Deluis: Chinese merchants.
Per North 1 ork-Baker & Hamilton: , California
Glue W orks; Cartan, McCarthy A Co: H Lev! & Co;
Marshall, Teggari & Co; Standard OU Co Wolf,
Wretten A Co; WiFj-nd Brewing Co; Chas Nelson.
„ P«J Pomona-Brigham, Hoppe A Co; F li TUtsnt:
C E AVhiiney * Co: °"t7" t7 Bros A Co: Hills Bros;
Norton, Teller & Co; O B Smith A Co: Carroll A
< arroM : ,) V leland Brewing Co: Russ, Sanders & Co:
Ross* Hewlett; Standard < .i> Co; Wolf .v Son- H
tt-V. rOC . k £ r i?i Ct>: W ' ieaton - Breou * -H Dutard;
V\ itzel A Biker: Tlllmaiin A Bendel; Swavne A
Hogrt; Bngham, Hoppe & Co: Dairymen's Union:
podge, Sweeney & Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co- A
Levy & Co; Felling, Creasy A Co: Meyer Bros:
W ells, i argo & Co : Wellman, Peck A Co; Wolf,
VVorden A Co; Klob A Eberhardt; The Harry
Unna Co: Uibernlu Brewery ; A mer Press Assn;
Overland Freight and Transfer Co.BOREAS ENTERS
INTO POLITICS.
Gives the First Real Blow
to the Dollar Tax
Limit.
NO SPRINKLING CARTS.
General Wreck of Signs, Stands,
Awnings and Everything
Movable.
COURTHOUSE CHIMNEY ROCKS.
The Air Was Full of Dust and Rub
bish. and Economy Was Not
in Favor.
Oakland Officb Ban Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, May 8. j
The wind whistled in Oakland to-day,
but contrary to all former high winds this
one had a particular political signifi
cance.
It is well known that politics dominate
everywhere in this city from the purchase
of municipal tead pencils to the water
front suit, but this is the first time that
Boreas has come to the aid of any one
party in a political campaign and the dol
lar-tax limit received its first black eye.
All through the day the streets were
practically "out of sight." Dust, posters,
rubbish, signboards, wrecks of awnings
and other things having a tendency to
blind people and cause them to imperil
their souls filled the air, but not a sprink
ling cart was in sight.
The ordinary citizen would not have
cared had the tax levy been $1 or 1 cent.
The elderly gentlemen and their wives 1
•would have signed a petition for it to be
increased to dollars. The bloomer girl on
her wheel would not have cared had the
Jevy bankrupted her sire if only a surplus
would thereby be created to pay for a few
sprinkling carts.
The merchants, anxious as many of
them are to possess real estate, would
rather have sacrificed a few cents p«r
centum than put up with the amount of
realty that spread itself all over their
stores and played havoc with fine goods
and finer features, thereby keeping their
customers at home.
The Non-Partisan members of the Coun
cil danced a war quadrille, the Mayor
looked somewhat despondent, and the
people on the streets spent their time
about equally between chasing their hats
and paying their respects to the dollar tax j
limit.
When the many patrons of the daily
papers looted on their porches and dis
covered that their news budgets were in '
the next vacant lot. they almost wished
that the soiid nine was in power again j
and every ward heeler enthroned on a
sprinkling-cart.
On Broadway the only reliefs to the
clouds of dust were the numerous hats
and other articles that were flying through
the air. At Eleventh and Broadway a
lady was hit by a flying sign this after
noon and injured, but not seriously. Su
perintendent of Schools MoClymonds was
forced to walk six blocks after a cable-car
had churned his silk tile to pieces.
After noon, when it became apparent
that the clouds of dust were liable to
cause an accident at the junction of San
Pablo avenue, Telegra h avenue and New
Broadway, where tnree car systems cross,
a solitary cart made its appearance and
travel was somewhat safer.
It was certainly the heaviest wind expe
rienced here this season and the most un
pleasant day Oaklanders have known.
The old courthouse chimney that has
been swayine to and fro in the wind for
years was the cause of much uneasiness
to-day. The County Clerk called the Fire
Warden and some additional .guys were
ordered to be attached to the tottering
flue.
Summer Conference.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— The Young
Women's Christian Association will hold
its first summer conference at Mills Col
lege for ten days, from Jane 5. There will
be missionary conferences with workers
from the foreign field and addresses by
prominent speakers and Bible studies.
Miss Emma Keeder, 735 Market street, San
Francisco, or Miss Wilson of the inter
national office, 126 State street, Chicago,
111., will answer all inquiries. Mrs. C. T.
Mills, president of Mills College, will also
give any desired information.
Pushing Forward.
OAKLAND. Cal., May B.— The bixth
Ward Republican Club met last evening
and perfected its organization by selecting
an executive and finance committee. The
officers are : President, George B. M. Gray ;
vice-president, H. D. Hardy : secretary, C.
S. de Boicer ; assistant, N. \V". Denton ; treas
urer, A. C. Newman ; sergeant-at-arms,
Henry L. Longfellow Jr. ; executive com
mittee—J. N. Valentine, George Baker, N.
W. Denton, A. L. Davis an'J W. J. Patter
son ; financial committee— Dr. A. E. Byron,
J. W. Prichard and H. L. Longfellow.
An Impostor at Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— A woman has
been going about from house to house re
cently asking for money to buy milk for
the orphan asylum*. She claims to be from
the West Oakland Home, the Temiscal
Children's Home and the Finch
Orphanage. Her «.tory is that it is pro
posed to buy a carload of condensed milk
to feed the babies in these institutions, be
ciuse by purchasing in that way it can be
obtained much cheaper than in small
quantities.
Follows the Fad.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— The latest
addition to the mysterious disappearance
colony from this city is John Bcott, the well
known Acme wheelman. He started for
San Francisco a week ago Wednesday and
has not been seen since. His landlady re
ceived a note in the evening of that day
purporting to be from him saying he
would be away seve:al weeks. The hand
writing was feminine, however, and
neither his nor the landlady's name was
spelled properly.
Political Suffrage.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May B.— The Political
Suffrage Convention, billed for Oakland
May 21 and 22, has been postponed to
June 15 and 16, so that the sessions may
be held in the Exposition building. All of
the prominent Eastern suffragists now on
the coast will be present.
Leaves for .Europe.
OAKLAND, Cal. May •}.— Rev. Barton
W. Perry leaves Tuesday as a delegate
from the local presbytery to the Presby
terian General Assembly that convenes at
Saratoga, N. V., May 21. From there Mr.
Perry will irake a tour of Europe.
Atkinson lv Seattle.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May t.— George E.
Atkinson, the young theological student
who left suddenly for parts vnknowii two
weeks ago last Tuesday, is safe in Seattle.
Flags Flying.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— Flags were
Although the Highest and Driest Wind of the Season Prevailed in Oakland Yesterday Not a Sprinkling
Cart Was in Sight. Around the City Hall the Gale Swept Everything That Was Movable and
the Lower Part of the Building Could Not Be Seen for the Blinding Clouds of Dust.
i&cetcned by a "CaU" staff artist.]
displayed from the city and county build
ings to-day in honor of tbe fiftiet.ii anni
versary of the victory of the United States
forces over the Mexicans at the battle of
Palo Alto.
Auxiliary Congress.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— The Alameda j
County Auxiliary of the Woman's Con- I
cp.ss will hold its annual meeting
Wednesday afternoon and evening, May
13, at the Unitarian Church, corner of
Fourteenth and Castro streets. Papers
will be selected from the general congress.
All are welcome.
Root's Bondsmen.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— Judge Greene
has refused to accept as sureties upon tne
bond of Andrew Root, the alleged assayer
of the gold brick operators, Thomas Turn
bull and M. J. Kirby. Mrs. A. Behan of
Berkeley he accepted in the sum in which
she qualified.
ELECTRIC POLES GO UP,
A March Stolen Unexpectedly |
on the City Authorities
of Alameda.
Lots SoM for a Delinquent Assess
ment—Brotherhood of Andrew
and Phillip.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May B.— When the
hole dug at the southeast corner of Clem
ent avenue and Chestnut street was filled
in by Mr. Delanoy's forces, it was sur
mised that the project bad been volun
tarily abandoned by the Delanoy- Lloyd-
Fort Wayne Company. As the day wore
on, however, the reason became apparent.
The hole was in ths wrong place. New
hoies were sunk, and early in the afternoon
three poles were erected and a wire
stretched. There are nine men at work at
present shaving and cleaning the totems
which originally did service at the Mid
winter Fair. . Lanterns are to be affixed to
the masts to-night and a watchman em
ployed to prevent their being removed.
Lilncoln Avenne.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May B.— The cele
brated Lincoln avenue occupied the atten
tion oi the Street Superintendent for a^ few
minutes this mortiing, when a number of
the 102 parcels of land iucludsd in the dis
trict to be benefited r>y the opening were
to have been sold. Scarcely any one was
present and only two lots were disposed of.
G. L. Birkraaier s lot was sold to Scuool
Superintendent Sullivan for $66 65 and one
of Mrs. Cohen's was obtained by C. H.
Tebbs for $28 85. The sale was tuen con
; tinuod nnt.il to-morrow. The total assess
i ments delinquent amount to about $6000.
The injunction suit that Judge Greene dis
solved yesterday was the third one insti
| tuted to pievent dealing with the prop
erty. The first one was defeated through
Cohen lobbying a bill through the Legis
lature repealing part of the law favorable
to the city, and the second was lost through
n technicality.
Brotherhood Dinner.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May B.— The Brother
hood of Andrew and Philip, in Connection
with the First Congregational Church, gave
a dinner this evening to their friends and
members. In all some fifty gentlemen
responded to the invitation, and as the
Ladies' Aid Society had charge of the din
ner it was served in first-class style.
! George W. Scott occupied the chair, and
I after grace was said and the doxolgy sung
the viands were attacked. Then followed
words of welcome from Rev. W. W. Scud
der Jr., pastor oi the church. The follow
ing was the programme of the evening
exercises:
Words of welcome, W. W. Scudder Jr.; even
| injr theme, "A Practical Christianity and the
Solution It Offers for Modern Problems."
The iundamental law of Christ: "Self Sac
rifice" for the kingdom of God vs. "Self
I Interest," Rev. Mr. Willett. Christianity's call
I to men: Not to be "selfishly saved" but to
I become "unselfish saviora," Rev. G. B. Hatch.
I Hymn, "Throw out the Life Line." The
! hindrances and triumphs of its application:
In tbe life of the individual. Rev. L. H. Hal
lock, D.D.; in the life of society, Mr. Condon;
in the life of politics. Dr. Freeland; in the life
of the church, Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D.
Business Changes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May B.— Two of the
lareest drygoods firms on Park street have
decided on a change of location. N.
Strauss & Co., who have occupied the
store at the corner of Santa Clara avenue
j and Park street for the past eigbt years,
I have decided to go to Los Angeles and open
! there. R. A. Rickett. on the postoffire
block, has sold out his business to E.
Rosenthal, Sixth street, San Francisco.
A Correction*
ALAMEDA, Cal., May B.— The ladies in
charge of the forthcoming floral fete held
another meeting last night and exercised
the privilege of their sex by deciding to
hold the bicycle parade on Thursday even
ing, the first night of the fete, and not on
the evening before, as resolved in tbe
afternoon. There will be over 200 club
wheelmen in line.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
PAINTED GOAT ISLAND,
Sophomores Imprint Their Class
Number in Reckless De
fiance.
West End Berkeley Republicans.
Eminent Suffragists to Spsak in
Public Shortly.
BERKELEY, Cal., May B.— Berkeley's
flower show opened this morning at Shat
tuck Hall, and an exhibition of more rare ■
and highly cultured bloom?, especially!
roses and pelargoniums, lias been seldom
seen. The large hall was completely
filled with exhibits of the most select sort,
and those who are prominently connected
with the displaying of Berkeley's beauti
ful flowers say that the show will prove to
be eminently more successful than the one
held last year. Several of the exhibitors
have come from San Francisco with their
contributions, and the interest generally
is widespread. La France and Cecil
Bruner rose 3, beside Shirley poppies, be
gonias. Delargoniums and pansies were
I greatly in evidence.
A throng of visitors continued to pour
J into the hall throughout the day, but to
| night the building was fairly crowded
! with a galaxy of young and fair maidens,
who Lad come to see the display and to
listen to the musical programme. The
show will continue all day to-morrow and
until 10 o'clock In the evening.
Just within the entrance to the hall
stands a huge jar of Shirley poppies, ex
hibited by Mrs. Frank Wilson of Scenic
Park, and on a table further in the room
is an extraordinary large display of mam
moth marguerites.
Miss Bolton has a large vase of poppies,
and Mis 3 Goldstein of San Francisco offers
an extensive display of pansier raised by
her own hand. Perhaps the most strik-
I mc exhibit in the buiUmg is that of J. F.
Sims, an amateur, whicb consists of the
choicest varieties of roses and pelargo
niums. An entire side of the room is laken
up with his display. The Peralta Park
residents have a large bank of peiargorni
ums on exhibition, and Dr. Wellendorf h
name may be seen on several vases of
large La France roses. Hutchinson & San
born of Oakland have also an extensive
display of cut flowers of various sorts and
potted plants.
In Readiness for Class Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., May B.— Great prep
arations are being made by the senior
class of the State University of California
for their class-day exercises, which Will
be held to-morrow, a complete programme
of which appeared in this morning's issue
of The Call. Tbey say that the pro
gramme outlined will be carried out to I
the letter, notwithstanding the fact that
to-day has been windy and threatening.
The fraternity houses, at whicti guests !
Will be received at luncheon, are being
decorated and put in order in preparation
for the greatest day of festivity in all the
college year. To-morrow being the day of
transition for the various classes, battered
plugs, smashed canes and torn mortar
boards wili doubtless be very much in evi
dence, according to the traditional custom
of collegians to dishevel the headgear of
he classmen below them on class day.
The central feature iv the exercises of
the day will be the performance in the
amphitheater back of the chemistry build
ing at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
In the evening the glee club will j»ive
their final concert of the term at Stiles
Hall.
" '98" on Goat Island.
BERKELEY. Cal., May B.— As a pre
cursor of the class performances which
will take place to-morrow at the univer
sity, and as a sign of victory, some un
known members of the sophomore class
inscribed with whitewash a huge " '98" on
the eastern slope of Goat Island last night.
The right to place their class number
wherever they choose is not disputed by
! the freshmen, as they have been defeated
by the "sophs" in every rush and other
contest in which the two classes have
been pitted.
On account of their prowess and abso
lute predominence over the freshmen the
sophomores, who will become juniors to
morrow, will be permitted to wear "skull
ana cross bones" on their white plugs.
The class of '98 will be. the first class in
many years which has the juat right to
j wear this emblem of bravery.
West End Republicans.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 9.— An im
portant meeting of tha West Berkeley Pro
gressive Club was held last evening, at
which the issues of the coming Presi
dential campaign were discussed at length.
Charles Spear spoke at length on the tariff
and financial questions and urged the club
members to Jamiliarize themselves with
the issues of the day in order that they
might become mora thorough-going Re
publicans. John 'league followed with a
few remarks on the silver question.
It was the general sentiment of the
.meeting to form a marching club to be in 1
readiness to appear in the coming cam
paign processions.
Will Open Their Church.
BERKELEY, Cal., May B.—Prepara
tions on an elaborate scale are being made
by the South Berkeley Presbyterians for
the formal opening of their new church
building next Sunday. The programme
of exercises has not yet been announced.
SUIT COMPROMISED.
The Xiong • Fending Breach. of
Promise Case Dis
missed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— The suit of
Miss Carrie Lockyear of Berkeley against
John F. Hayes for breach of promise was
dismissed to-day. The case has been pend
ing for a long while and the defendant has
made every conceivable effort to avoid
coming to trial, but to no avail, as all
"Big Jim's" Latest Device to Cheat Justice In Oakland. The Purchaser of a Lot
tery Ticket Cannot See the Seller and Identification Is Impossible.
[Sketched by a "Call " staff artist]
i preliminaries had been settled when this
I new order was made.
Hay-s had kept company with the
' 3'oung lady for n considerable time and it
was cenerally known that they were to be
married, and she had gone so far as to
partially prepare for the wedding when he
declared the match off without any ex
planation as far as could be learned by
outsiders.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameds Connty Happenings Told In
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, May 8. \
Oakland city teachers' warrants will be pay
able about Wednesday of next week.
Coun ty Treasurer O. M. Banford bat ap
pointed Burdette Cornell as deputy In the
plaoe of O. Whipple.
A poster exhibition will be given at the
Ebell rooms to-morrow for the benefit of the
West Oakland Kindergarten.
The West Oakland Free Clinic has been
removed to more commodious quarters and
now occupies rooms at Seventh and Feralta
streets.
TheFrultvale Rose Company is now giving
i its exhibition at the nursery on Frultvale ave
| ime. It will continue until and including to
morrow.
The deputies in the County Clerk's office are
kept hard at work these days writing up the
certlticates of rereglstration on file, which
number about 1400.
Five attorneys and a num ber of claimants of
liens are in court 10-day trying a suit against H.
B. Gaston, in which J. N. Williams has a mort
gage upon the property involved.
An excursion of the pupils of the Alameda
public schools to Laundry Farm has been ar
ranged by J. U. Young, excursion agent of the
road. The etfair will take place on June 6.
X. J. Banton and wife have been granted
adoption papers upon a boy .who is christened
Fred Joseph EUenbrook Banton. He is four
years of age and a native of the Capay Valley.
To-morrow the dozen camps of Woodmen of
the World which now exist in Alameda County
will have a grand picnic at San Lorenzo Grove,
and one of the features will be a chopping con
test.
Aureola Rebekah Lodge No. 167, 1. O. O. F..
will give an entertainment and dance at Mon
tana hall, Adeline street, next Thursday
evening, at which will be served a New Eng
lana supper.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
HIS PRISONER
OUT OF SIGHT,
A Novel Arrest Made by
a Detective in a Lottery
Den.
IRONED THE LONE HAND
"Big Jim's" Latest Device to
Try to Overcome an
Ordinance.
CANNOT SEE THE TICKET MAN
Chief Lloyd Is Eoing Some Thinking.
Result of a Former
Thought.
Oakland Office Sas Fbakctsco Call, )
908 Broadway, May 8. j
Big Jim, the lottery king from across tho
bay, has paid many thousands of dollars
into the city treasury for fines for his
agents here since Chief of Police Lloyd
took office. He has become tired of it, and
in casting around for possible relief he has
devised a plan that is at least ingenious,
though it is not proof against law and
order.
The main point brought out by the
prosecution has been that of identifica
tion. The purchaser has always been able j
to swear positively that tlie Chinaman in |
the dock was the actual seller of the
ticket. This conclusive testimony has
been very expensive to the lottery men,
and they have directed all their energies
toward finding a scheme to offset it. They
were rejoicing that they had found it, when
they were suddenly disappointed.
A few days ago the many gambling
joints vere all provided with very heavily
built partitions. Behind this partitiou sits
the man who sells the tickets. In the par
tition is a hole just large enough for a
man's hand to pass through.
A Chinaman sits between the entrance
and the partition and asks the prospective
purchaser what is wanted. A little con
versation follows and then a hand is poked
through the hole with the desired number
of tickets in it, and is not withdrawn until
the money is placed in the yellow palm.
This plan has worked like a charm. The
pnrchaser could not see from whom he
purchased the ticket, and consequently
could not identify him. Under these cir
cumstances a successful prosecution would
be impossible, and so the customary ar
rests have fallen off of late.
Last night the scheme nearly came to a
sudden end. A private detective went to
a joint on Eighth street, between Broad
way and Washington. The questions
were asked and the sleek hand was pushed
through the hole.
But no money was put in it. Instead, a
handcuff was very deftly placed around
the wrist by the detective. There was a
loud howl, and, although the detective
huug on with all bis strength to the com
panion handcuff, he could not hold his
own. Probably not less than half a dozen
hands were pulling on the inside, and the
other cuff was jerked out of the detective's
hand.
A few seconds later the handcuffs were
pushed through the hole, and, after the
slide was let down, the outside sentinel
announced that business for the day was
over.
The partitions are made particularly I
strong, and even should a posse of police .
raid one of the protected joints they are :
so strongly built that there would be j
ample time for the t.cket-seller to escape,
before an entrance could be effected.
"I am uoing a little thinking," said
Chief Lloyd to-day, "and do not care to
tell in advance what may be done."
A few weeks ago Chief Lloyd did some '
thinking, and a few nights later forty j
Chinamen were landed in the City Prison,
and Big Jim had to produce nearly $1500
to procure their license.
REPAIRED THE BRIDGE.
The Mayor Conducts Operation* on the,
Kighth-Street Trestle.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— This after
noon Mayor Dav!e took a force of four
men and went to the Eighth-street bridge
to repair it and to remove the fence
placed there yesterday by Street Superin
tendent Miller.
When the bridge was reached, his Honor
and the four men crawled underneath to
hunt for decayed stringers, and wherever
one was located the men removed the
planking and nailed a new plank on each
side of the rotten timber. After this was
completed, a few old worn flooring planks
were taken out and new ones put in.
JAPANESE & CHINESE AUCTION SALE
: . 410 Kearny Street. .. .
THIS DAY. . •
Saturday. May 9, 1896
At 2 P. M.
REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
- For convenience of sale, the stock of a
CHINESE MERCHANT, WHO IS
RETURNING TO CHINA.
RARE ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Sauum'a, Cloisonne, Awata, Kaga, Totonabe,
Blshu, Koch;, etc. .
Antique Bronzes, Carvings, Silk Goods,
Embroideries, etc.
JAPANESE RUGS, ALL SIZES.
Without Kcserve or Limit. Chairs for Ladles.
F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
PAYILIOS AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Svtter Street.
At 860 to 86S Folaom St., Near Fifth.
THIS DAY.
Saturday :.: May 9, 1896,
At 11 o'clock A. M.,
On account of departure for Europe of
MR. H. SEFXON,
I will sell his complete stock of Bars, Back Bars,
Cash Registers, Showcases, Counters, Scales, ne-
frigt- rators, etc. * 8. BASCH. Auctioneer.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I Security Loan Association to Samuel Dusenber
ry. lot on \V line of Buchanan street, 26 N of Sac
ramento, N 25 Vi by W 109; $10. .
Henrietta Heydenfeldt to James L. Crlttenden,
lot on NW corner of Geary and Webster streets,
\V 28:9 by H 115: also lot on X line of Pacific
street, 101 Wof Dupont, W 36, N 137:6, X 66,
8 72. W 25, 8 65:6: »10.
Kdward Lande to Emma N. Fulton, lot on N line
of Washington street, 168 X of Flllmore, £28 by
N127-.8V4: $10. ' --•
John I), and Eliza Tallant to George C. and Su
san G. Palmer, lot on NE corner of Jackson and
Sleiner street*, E 37:6 by B 117:8 V*: «10.
George H. Palmer to Susan C. Palmer, same;
gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Rebecca
and Julias Kutlsiou, lot on s line of Jackson street,
137:6 W of Scott, W 27:6 by S 127:81.4: $10.
Thomas Magee to Thomas Magee Jr., lot on N
line of Broadway, 114 W of Devisadero street, W
40 by N 137:6; gift.
.Andrew K. .Me- ri cry to Stanley G. Scovern. lot
on s Hue of Golden Gate avenue, 86:10% W of
Baker, W 25 by S 87:6; $1600.
C. H. and Til lie 11. pear to Mary E. Daley, lot
on A line of j-ulton street, 106:3 W of Lyon, W 25
by S 137:6; $10.
Crocker Estate Company to WUHetta Brown, lot
on SK corner of Waller and Shrader streets, X 35
bys<100:?10. -
Kate F. Austin (trustee of estate of Henry 8.
Austin) to John L. Bellani, lot on S line of Sacra
mento street, 34:6 E Maple E3by S 107:7y ; $10.
Kate i: Austin to same, same, 810.
Isidorand Nettie Schwartz to Cuurle.s|A. Grow,
lot on corner se Market and I? Fourteenth street,
iSK 131 SK 100, SW 14:0"«, W 153:10%; $10.
Henry Felge Jr. to Kdward W. nurna, lot on W
line of Hampshire- street, 97:6 Not Twenty-second,
N '-'5 by W 100, subject to mortgage; $10.
Charles P. Elliot to Maria A. Anil ei eon, lot on W
lint- of Dolores street, 155 N of Twenty-fourth, JN*
40 by \V 117:6; $10.
Henry anil Edith I rown to Albert and Clara
Lindner, undivided two-thirds of lot on £ line of
Dnpont sir.et, 67:6 S of Greenwich, S 22 by IS 70;
$10. •-■•-^
Helene Strybing and Adolph Hochsteln (Admin
istrators of the estate of C. H. • Stryblng) 10 Jacob
C. Johnson, lot on SB line of Market street, 120
SW of First, bW 40 by SK £0: $61,600. .
Helene Siryblug to same, same: $10.
San Francisco Land Company to John and Mar
garet Neuenburg, lot on W line of Tenth avenue,
200 S of California street. S 25 by \V 120; $10.
. H. M. and Ella L. Jones to B. S. Dunham, lots 3
and 3, b ock 26, Lake View; $10.
Christian D. Cook (guardian of the estate of
Marie C H. Schnauer) to Frank Grabe, lot on E
line of San Bruno avenue, 100 N of Wools ey
street, N 50 by E 200, block E, Haley purchase;
i *800.
. Frank and Emilie Grabe to Sabatore Garbarino,
same; $10.
Euianuel and Margaret E. Silva to Frank L.
Kuhn. lot on line of Fifteenth avenue south,
1 262:6 SK of L street south. SE 37:6 by SW 100.
j block 309, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association: $10.
I Henry Voorman to C. August Weihe, lot on E
I line of San Jose road, S 78 degrees 28 minutes. E 2
chains 62 links from corner formed by 8 line of E.
It. Midler's 85-acre tract with \V line of San Jose
road, post -, thencs S 19 degrees, E 7 chains 10
links, X 20 degrees 31 minutes. E to SE corner of
House of Refuge lot, N 18 decrees 22 minutes, W
to center of road at Portezuelo, S 66 degrees 2
minutes, W — , S 71 degrees. W 17 chains 50 links,
JS r>6 degrees,' E 9 chains 28 links, N 43 degrees, X
10 chains 8 links, containing 6 a^res, portion of
Rental Rancho; $10. .-.,
AI.AMI.PA COUKTT. ' '
Mary L. Brady to Adelaide Dobs, undivided one
half interest in lot on SW line of Twelfth street, as
now widened. 127:6 W of Campbell street, W 62:6
by S 125, being lots 1 and 2 and W one-half of lot
3, block 2, plat of tract 383, Oakland; $1.
Hubert and Sophia Hunter to Homestead Loan
Association of Berkeley, lot on E line of Fulton
street. 135 sof Carlton, 545 by E 125, belli? lot
48, block 1455. Blake tract maps 1 and 2,
Berkeley: $100.
J. J. Scrivner to J. H. T. Watklnson, lot on SW
corner of Tenth and West streets, W 80 by S 33:4.
in block 111, subject to a mortgage for $3600, Oak
land: $5.
Francis M. Cerinl to Florence M. Crceley, wife of
James 11.. lot on X line of Mynle street, 35:6 .N of
Twenty-sixth, N 36:6 by E 125, in block 655, Oak
land: $10.
7 Mary C. Williams, guardian of the estate of Wil
liam P. Cerini, a minor, to same, lot on E line of
Myrtle street, 71 N of Twenty-sixth. N 35:6 by E
125, being the N 35:6 of lot 2, in block C, Map of
survey of the northern extension of Oakland, Oak
land: $10.
William P. Cerini to same, same, Oakland: $10
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Emrlh Horl
hnnik, lot on S line of Grayson street, 100 W of
Tenth, \V 85 by S 100, beirg"lots 7, 8 and 9, block
177, Grayson Tract, Berkeley; $5. ■
Mary J. Moss et al. to Jennie Franzini, lot 24,
block 11, amended map of MOis Tract, Berkeley
Township: $10. • ■ s
Charles M. Fritz to M. M. Fritz, all real and per
sonal property and every sale and certificate of sale
sold for non-payment of taxes in any town or city
in the State of California: gift.
Jerome and Louise M illy to August and Allnde
Waldenmt'ier, lot on S line of West Third street,
87:0 Wof Cypress, W 37:6 by S 108. blocK 460,
Oakland; $10.
Andrew W. Rose to William J. Pinzee, lot be
ginning at a post on SW side of road in dividing
line between the rancbos of Vicente Peralla and
A. M. Peralte; where the roads from Oakland and
from East Oakland to Moraga Valley meet and
then turn NE, thence SW 838 feet to E corner of
Dingee reservoir lot, thence along said lot SW
325, B\V 296, SE 325, to 5 corner of said res
ervoir lot and station S. A 44 of ranch survey,
thence SW 1116 to Station =?. A. 46, SW 264 to
Station 46, SW 237.60 to Station S. A. 47. thence
leaving said ranch boundary line NW 2168 to post
or» S strip road from Oakland to Moraga Valley,
thence E 3259 to beginning, being portion of tract
as per map of undivided mountain lnml and por
tion of Plat 29, Kanchos V and D. Peralta; also,
lots 7. 8 and 9, Piedmont Tract, Oakland Town-
Ship: also, property In Contra Costa County: $10.
James F. Luttrell to Cecelia M. Lnttrell, lot on
vritft
A smart Broadway, New
1 1 York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside ;
his store, it marks the ;
new era of drug selling. I
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar- !
ters, that his clerks are !
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade •
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 MEAKXY ST. Established
i in 1894 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or '
I disease wearingon bodyandtulndand
j Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. • Charges low.
|rnre«a;naranl(p(t. Callorwrita.
! Dr. J, *'. vtßß"* X, Box 1007. Franoiacgt
EDWARD S. SPEAR & €0.,
Auctioneer*, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 5181. ' •
THIS DAY.
Saturday ....May 9, 1890,
At 10 a. JL, we will sell 'ln our salesrooms, the
Stock and Fixtures of the New York Kitchen,
comprising the complete furnishings of a first-class
restaurant. .■•:... . . ■ »
EDWARD S. &PEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
_ 31 and 33 Satter street.
HARNESS, DRAFT AND WORK HORSES
fe fe
PROPERTY OF
ESTATE OF HON. J. Q. FAIR,
LAKEVILLE RANCH.
jA.t Auction!
TUESDAY,
Tuesday May 12, 1896
AT 11 A. U. t AT '. ■■'■'■■ •"-*' L . r;
SALjESYARD
Corner Van Ness Are. and Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO.
Horses at yard Saturday, May 9.
Catalogues now ready. "
KILLIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
- 30 Montgomery St., S. F.
N line of Ridge road (Daley avenue), 125 E of Eu
clid avenue. E 60 by N 140, lot 9, block 12, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley: also lot on 8 line of Chan
nlng way, 200 W of Dana street, W 30 by 8 135,
b«>lng subdivision H of lot 6, block 6, College
Homestead, Berkeley; gift.
Samuel Dasher to Clara M. Dasher, lots S and 8,
block C, Uarian's Addition to Ban Leandro, Eden
Township; gift. ; -,=_:.^.-^:
Builders' Contraots.
Lewis Oerstle with C. A. Warren, grading, etc.,
on W line 0} Gough street, 1'27:8V4 N of Cali
fornia; «735. Clinton Day, architect.
Theodor Binner with 8. A. Born, carpenter work,
etc., for a one-story cottage on \V line of Diamond
street. 137:8 S of Eighteenth, plans by contractor;
$1600. _. _■ ■
•—»• — » ♦
Will Be Tested.
OAKLAND, Cal., May B.— Under the
existing ordinance the Auditor cannot
draw his warrant unless the requisition
has been signed by the Mayor. The Coun
cil has authorized the purchase of supplies
in several instances recently, but the
Mayor has refused to indorse the requisi
tion. This is the case with Joseph Har
ris, and it is probable the auditor will be
mandamused so as to get the law passed
upon.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
QTEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Yfc*Ti,.
lO Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as •"MfflT
follows: ■
for Mary Island. Lorlng, WrangeL Janean. Kil-
isnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. m., May 14,
29, .lun.' 3, IS, .8, -/8-
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes ana New
Whatcom (Beilingham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M.
May 4. 9. 14, i 9, 24. 29. and every flfta
day ' thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Pore Townsend wltn
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bay) Btr. Pomona, 2 p. m., May 1, 5. 9.
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. Han Pedro, East Baa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
S, 7. 11. 1.; 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping - only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. *.. ■»V 1. 5. 9. 13, 17. 21, 25, 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
trot Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altaia and Ouaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M.. Slay 6 : Mr. Coos Bay. 10 a. M., May 13.
TicKoi oflice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
. GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
- .■■--. - 10 Market at. San Francisco.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP compiky
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND. ;
First Class 68.00
Second Olasa-dG.OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA aWPORTLANDL
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. May 9 and II
Columbia sails.. May 8 and II
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
tOODALL, PERKINS & CO., G«nL Supts. '
...... P. 1". CONK OR, General Ai;enc
. . - ■'■ - 6SO Market str— t.
COMPAGSIE GESERAL TRMSATLASTIQUE
' Trench Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH >&•«_
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by aZiaC
this line avoid both transit oy English railway anl ,
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Vorit to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParU
nrst-ciasa 91 BU: second-class. $116.
LA BBJETAGNE. Capt. Rupe.. .................
.^ May 181 4 a.*
LA TOURAINE, CapU Santelll
May 33, B*.n
LA KORIUKWE, Capt. Deloncla .
May SO, 4 a. *.
LA BUUKGOGNE, Capt. Lebseuf .-:
- -;.„. Tune C, 7 a. h
Kg- For farther particulars apply to
■--• A.FORGKT. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
3. T. FTTGAZI &.CO., Agent*, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. . , .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. ■£%'■■■ 'days' TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, An. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, O «v
AUSTRALIA. \^S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
. day. May 23, at 10 a. k. Special party rates.
a S. M 'NOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, May 28,
at 2 p. m.
: * Line to COOLGARDIE,Aust., and CAPETOWN
a Air. J. D. SPRECKifiLB A BROS. CO., AgU.,
. .. . 114 Montgomery it,
- Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
<^»n.K fIAMBCRGAfIEBICAS HUB
yj»SjWHJIIjftHC» TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
*ar i «lrTßrSu'*- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Ch<>rboun:, raris Hamburg.
Normannla......May 14 I F. Bismarck.... May 28
A. Victoria. .May 21 | C01umbia......... June 4
I. Cabin, $95 and upward; XI. Cabin, $60 and ?75.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4iA h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG- AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents. .
ROYAL SAIL STEAI_PACKET COMPAST.
STEAMERS LEAVE A3PIN WALL /ML
fortnightly for the West Indies and 4dfl3
Southampton, calling en . route at C>-rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passenger*. .
Through bills of lading, In connection with tna
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
ere to direct ports in England and Germany. -
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195 ; thirl
daja, 997 W. Far further particulars apply to
VAKROTT * CO., Agents,
. 306 California at.
' STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier t No. 3, Washington St.
At 5 P. M : l>aily. **
Steamer from Kach Knd Sunday*.
JO~ AccommoJations Reserved by Telephone.
: STJ2AMER>:
T. C. Walker, - J. d. Peters, % '.
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton,
Telephone Main 808. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co
FALLEJO, : MARK ISLiSD, *BEJICIA, POET
COSTA All CROCKETT.
>* STE.:siOXTIC£tI.O,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. m
and 4 P. if,; Saturday, 10:30 a. v., 3:30 r. m
Sunday— » r. x.
•4 f. K. only. „-. ..
Lauding, Mission I, FUr
1314
COADY RODE IN GOOD FORM
The Clever Jockey Landed Four
of the Winning Horses
Past the Wire.
THREE FAVORITES TOOK PURSES
SchniU Downed Hermanita in a Drive.
The Back Horse Bueno Headed
Out by George Miller.
The wind swept over the course at
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter Heetlng. Ingleslde Track. Eightieth day, Friday, Hay
8,1896. Weather cold and windy. Track good.
11 AQ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight.
(St.
V*
%
\
%
t<tr.
Fin. r Jockey,. \\ o °™
Jockeys.
Op.
Cl.
a
1106 Montgomery, 3... 102 1 3 lh 12 14
1090 Verdette, 4 112 'i 4% 64 42
1140 Cadenza,3. 95 7 3h 24 24
1106 Masoero,3 98 8 7 6 *y% 3%
Minnie. 3 95 14 12 8 83
488 Yon Dunk, 3 100 1 SI 6 4 6 6
Rajan. 3 97 5 7h 3h 62
988 (<raciosa, 3 99 13 11 7 7 2
Black Pecgy, 3... 95 6 6% 9 9
1140 Carroll Cook, 4. ..110 12 14 13 11
. . Let Me See, 4 107 10 8 10 10
1106 Broad Billow, 3.. 97 11 10 11 12
G. Washington, a.lll 15 16 15 15
Miss Vail. 3 95 1 4 8 12 13
Reform.s 114 9 13 14 14
Flaminifer. 3 100 16 16 16 16
: i^_
1 3 Coadv 4-5
2 2 Williams 10
3 b I Johnson 2
410 Beau champ..... 8
6 h ! Frawley 8
6 1 Martin 15
74 Shepard 30
8 i/i McClain HO
9 4 Brown. 12
10 Glover 10
116 Ames 30
12 Vi Maxey 30
13 1 Cas.ro 40
14 4 J.Weber 20
15 10 Burns 40
16 Piggott 6
7^6
20
9-5
8
8
8
100
25
20
150
60
75
100
40
160
8
Startiiifr-Rate used. Won easily. Winner, Barns <fe Waterhouse's eh. g., by Hanover- Blessing,
ime, 1:17: 2 .
1 rrk SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse S4OO.
Index. I Horse and weight. St. V 4, Va a A Str.
"li:-:0 'Lodestar 103 2 22 11 13
(1136. Dura 104 i 1 3 Ifc 42 33
1145 Lady Hurst. 100| 3 4h 8h 410
1109 Inflammator 103[ 6 6Vi BVi 63
1008 Miss Buckmau... 100 4 lh 2 1 2 2
1118 Rebekah 100 7 7 7 7
1145 Orseno 103 6 64 63 6
Fin. Jockeys. | og«»"&o g«»"&
lh Coaiy '9-5 11-6
210 Snider 17-10 13-20
3 3 Carberry 80 150
44 Martin >20 30
615 Piggott. |12 30
6 4 Casey !25 100
7 IMcCTain 20 60
Starting-gate used.
tKht. Time, :56i/4.
Won driving. Winner, £1 I'rtmero stable's cb, c, by imp. MMlothian-.-tar-
"l ~"1 TlilßD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age. weight, jbu *A V% *A Str. Fin. Jockeys. Jop!*"'"?'!.
1019 Ischnltz, 4 110! 6 63 4Vi 61 11% Martin 6 6
1118 Elmer F. 5 109 7 81 8 7 2h Suider 6 8
1125 Kowalsky. S 98' 8 7% 7 42 33 Johnson 4-5 9-10
11S3 Jack Richelieu, 5.112J 3 6h 5^ 6 4h jPiggotU 10 10
1184 Red Pike. 3 85! j. 51^ 31 32 62 Frawley 12 15
1142 Candor, 4 105| 4 3 1 2 3 lh 6h Macklln 10 12
1086 Chas A, 5 109 1 9 92 9 9 72 Beauchamp 20 30
1135 Tobcy, 4 107! 5 4h 61 8 83 Burns 40 50
(1078) . Catch 'Em, 5. 109 2 lb lh 2h 9 2 Shields 10 12
523 ; Lucille. 3 93 10 10 10 10 10 FeUhecv 60 76
stnrting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, C. F. Sanders' cb. c, by I'anique-Illa. Time, I :l6Vfe.
1 Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 ,- »i FOCRTEt RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; conditions;
±O£. purse $400.
index. ! Horse, age. weight. St. 14 h<t ' % Str.
I I
1137 Peter 11, 4 107 2 13 j 13 13 13
1128 I.Mirambo.3 91 1 2% 2% 22 22
(1129) Par.'s, 3 91 3 7 7 4h 46
1141 Little < ripple. 5. .108 6 4% 3h 31 3h
1086 Tar and Tartar, a. 108 5 3h 68 6 6
1129 Dungarven. a 11l 7 61 14% 6% 6
1140 Daylight, a.: 91 4 0 3 ' 5% 7 7
Fin. j Jockeys. op.*"'
lh Coady 3
2 6 Frawley 10
3 3 Johnson 11-5
4 8 Shields 3
shi Snider 8
6 1 j tochran 15
7 Freighery 25
Betting.
Op. Cl.
ing.
Cl.
9-2
12
2
7-2
11
30
40
Startlns-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Elwood stock farm's b. c, by imp. Brutus-Bonnie
lean. Time, 1 :60%.
1 l ~ Q FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; penalties; allowances:
1 100. purse $400.
Index. 1 Horse, age. weight, j St. IVi I % *£ Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op!"'^!.
ll'JB Wawona. 5 106 4 23 |24 lh 21 lh McClaln. ~1 8-5
1147 Hermanita, 4.....109 3 4h 41 3 4 1% 2 3 Martin 4 4
1114 Huntsman, 5 11l 1112 lh 23 34 3 4 Piggott 8 15
1147 Tr:x. 5 104 2 51 6% 51 43 46 Snider. 8 15
1126 1 ucretia Borgia,3. 82 8 6h 7 8 863 Butler 10 15
11*7 I Can't Dance, 3... 104 7 7% 6% 7 6h 6 2 Toady 2 7-2
1134 Gallant, 4 110 9 9 9 9 9 7h iMacklin 8 6
1122 PodUra,a 104 6 810 810 6h 7 8b Bergen..... 30 80
1131 llmp.Endymion,3. 90 531 31 % 4 1 6 9 Johnson 30 30
starting- gate used. Won driving. Winner, Mokelumne stable's b. g., by imp. Str Modred-Typhoon.
Time, 1:433,4.
1 1 *\(\ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index. j Horse, age, weight. Ht. V* iVa a A
1181 Oeo. Miller, a... 113 6 12 11
(11-'sVßueno, 4 109 4 2V% 21
1141 Dab,- Murphy, 4.. 105 2 j 6 6
1129 Tiberius. 3 95 3 I 3 1 3 1
(1143) Oregon Eclipse, a.109 1 1 6% 6h
1142 lEncino, 3... 98 6| | 4 1 j 4%
Btr.
IF"
w
4b
a
Ben
Fin. Jockey. Op.
1 h Coady j 1
2^ Shields. 2
3^3 Cochran i 4
4 2 Butler 20
56 Snider. 30
6 McClain 16
Jockey.
! Betting.
Op. Cl.
Mag.
a,
4-5
8-5
7
40
100
25
Startiug-gute used. Won driving.
Winner, W. L. Stan tit-id's b. g.. by Loftin-Emma.
Time. 1:16.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE..
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb's Ingleside Track.
If raceo where tbe torses have no record at ihe distance to be run the records at tn« next nearest
distance ore riven.
a t 1 reviatlous— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
• FIRST RACE— Nine-sixteenths of a mile; maiden two-year-olds.
; Best
ndex. Name. Lbs | record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1118 Sharon Lass.... loo! C. L. McDonald Tyrant-Palanshire Lass
1130 iTortoise 113 E. Poire Brown Fox-Turquoiae
1112 iWieland '103 La fiesta stock fm. limp. Chesterfield- Harr'et
Horaiio ! 113 'Bohemian stable. .. ;lmp. Midlothian- Lurline
111H IDestra. 110! Pueblo stable Flambeau-Sallie G
11/0 Martquita 110 1 Atkin * Ix>ttridge.. !K1 lio Rey-Aetelia
111H Diablita jllO' Nevada stable iJoe Hooker-Oxilla
11H0 Widow Jones...j 110 D. J. Tobln st An'Jrew-Hattie Ball
1051 Santa Paula 110| CI. Thacker Santa Fe-Dottle Dimple
lHalsey 113 Burns <*Waterhouse Imp. Marteuhurst- Eisie S
1112 ;Grats 103 Alma Dale stable... ; Imp. Marten hurst ciratitde
1130 laura Burt 110 A. B. Kpreckels Imp. Hallomast-Zuleika
1145 Hohenrollern... 113| Elmwood stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Brown Maria
1130 (Rachael ! 1101 t. Corrigan j Apache-Irene
Owner.
Pedigree.
SECOND RACE— On* and one-sixteenth miles; handicap.
n<Jex.
Name.
j Besi- !
Lbs record. Dlsu iLbslTk.i
Owner.
Pedlpree.
1187 Cabrillo 108 1 :55V4'1V% m 98 F.. R. Vau Brunt SuSavlour-imp.Liz Hampto
1137) St. Lee 1 104 I:47 V^'l l-16m 96 F.. S. C. Hlldreth Imp. St. (icnrgv- Levee
1127 Thornhill |109 1:51V2 l'-J«m 97 H.. T. Lundy Imp.Cheviot-PhO'beAndern
1132 Fair Faith |100 l:SßV*|7f 103 F.. H. C. Hiidreth Jils Johnson-Bertie C
1148 |A. Spreckels. . . . 94 1:'J83 4 7f |101 : F.. E. Corrlftan Isaac •. urphy-Jennie Tracy
333 INebuchadnezzr. i9O l:4lVa>lni | 94;F.. Klmwood stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Qypsette
I HIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; hurdle; handicap.
Index.
Name.
1 Bent
|Lbs'record. Dirt. Lbs,Tk.
Owner.
Pedlßree.
(ll'Jl) Momalvo 168 2:19 ;iV4«J» 140 Fa. !l. Ezell Sid- M ay Belle
(1138) Bansanio 139 2: aiViliy* m 180 F~. A. G. Blakely Billet-Lottie
1138 Hello 137 2:88^4 lVfcm I^6 F... O. F. Johnson Sid-by Reveille
1096 'Arnndel 132;norec.| j Flood more staole.. : Dnke NorfolK-Klalne
10DO ;NellieG 11^9 no rec. J. Brenock Sampson I'nknosvn
, IJ2O lYan^edPDe jl'2s 'W. Earn 'imp. (Vreenback- Victoria
1088 ILocblnvar 125 no reel | R Rudolph jimp. Cheviot-Arethnsa
FOURTH RACE— Four miles; Sprc-ccelg stakes; handicap; value. $7500.
I Best ' I
Index. j Name. Lbs Record Hint. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedlcree.
1041 Penper. 106 4:37 2% mi 98 Fa. P. Dunne Hlndoo-Francenca
iUV? 2:^, Orrl " •• •t m 3:06% 13/ * m 116 F_. P. Dunne........... ! Long fpllow-Queen Beluga
1120 Sir Reel 103 ..: ... Almona stable I Alta-Dlzzy Blonde
1053 Fred Gardner... 100 :36 1% m 92 l\.. Livingston stable.. Luke Blackburn-Knfllade
' 1132 ;imp. <;aD<lid -— 97 1:44% 1 m 98 U.. A. B. spreckela.... splendor-Canary
1001 Doyle ;■ i 90 ; |....|.... C. Llnd Macduff-Mtas Lawrence
Owner.
Pedlfre*.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling.
ndex. I
Kame.
I Best
i Lbs record. Dist. LbsJTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1126 I Peru ........... 98 1:20 |6f 107]U.. A. Morlne . Gano-CarmeiUa
1140 ] Soda Cracker... 109 no rec ! La Siesta stck farm Pr Nortoik-nv Joe Hooker
1141 Ip.Mlss Brmmel 95 1:*2% lm 91 F.. %V.OB. Macdono'ich Bean Brummel-I? Mnf^re
(1154) George Miller... ,109 lW «f 118 F.. W. L. stanneld... 8 Lo?nn "Ln?ml P ' *"'*"
1147 Afflatus 90 1:16% ¥, 102 5- W. D. Kandall. Imp. luverness-Affinltv
1148 Instigator..^. .. 95 1:1% 6f 95 F.. El m wood stk farm. I Imp Bnitui-In«fn.ii»tinn
1144 Yankee Doodle. 95 1:14%|6f 107 F.. Cam lite stable.. I Prince Roval-Manranita
(1147) Olive ./....... 102 l:lbi/ 4 |6f 99 F.. j K. Corrlgan lApache-fflrglel Apache-fflrgle
SIXTH RACE-Six furlongs: selling.
I Best
ndex. ! Name. Lbs! record. Dist.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1132 IdaWauer 107 1:19 6f 100 H. . O. X 8e1L.;..:.. . Joe Hooker-Addle u^vTti —
1)46 Meier 97 I:3OV* 7f 94 F... A. B. Spreckelfc KlambTan *Mowlie
300 Heno 1111-08 6% f 101, F.. P. Weber .. „ jJiuX-Sooner
1151 Red Pike 97 I:C9 |6Vz t ' 93 F... C. Llnd ... . ieo^ K!nn°" Entreaty
1092 Virile A 95 1:01 5 1 | 94,F... War.l . ... lm| Tn" Br.to Hif. Lrtha
1143 Irma 107 1:11 *5% t 104 A.. i\ 8r0wn..... . SavTour '"in T ' *
Drum Major.... 114 1:522% 6y 3 f . 102 F... Pueblo stable runster-Pearl Tvler
1143 Be: of Stone 107 1:18 6f 100 H.. Niagara stable...... Spend thrift nlh
1116 GeorgeC ,97 1:10 6% f 89 Fa. .1. tfarrity....... ! 1 BraX ,<1 Ton
1087 Vernon.... j 109 1:09 |6% f 91 IK-. A. Hlnkle'man I'owhattai.-virna
,1140 Alias Pollard.... 95 1:02% 5 f 99 Fa. L. Shaner.V.V.:".;: Imp I<lhl im-hT-Kvri#.n»w
1181 Joe C0tt0n...... 11l l:08»/i 5% f . 129 F... J. C. Humphrey.... \V\ntvn ?Cot?ob NotS My
1184 Joe Hill ill irOlSiST' 108 ■>'... J. Hi 11.....;.... ;..: Kingston^Ladv (VoWen
1098 Roo^ap ..:.... 109 1:16 M j6f 101 F.. . J. M. 8uck1ey...... JlarryO'FaUau-Mtt?eW a
I0»U Harry Lewis... 11l ................ ........ J. M»df10x...:..;-... , Versl "lea "ou»ul Kate
SEVENTH RACE-;Slx furlongs; selling.
I Best i . .
Index. I - Name. Lbs I Record i Dial. LbslTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1077 Clara Wilson... 96 1:10 \ 6% f 99 Fa. 1 Wilson <£ Gi1115..... imp. Sir Modred-BednrtA
1129 Ip.Fullenn Lass 109 3: lBVi 6f 101 H. Shabona stable..... ! FulWion-CVstawav
1146 AbiP ......... 109 1:01% 6f 109 F. .«. Pa0hec0...... Three Chew-Dalr^Maid
1142 Venus..... 107 ... .j?. .... .... J. H. Tarn ......... Verano- Belinda
1142 'Tim Murphy... 11l 1:14 IBf . 11l F.. White & Clarke.... Imp. KyrJe DR?y-Ala*<rl«
1128 'seaside 109 1:1 ft I«f 106 F.. P. fciebentbaler..... Imp. Mariner 8^
1097 T0n1n0.......... 97 1:00% 6^f 88 1.. Alma DAle stable... '.7. 11. Fonton-U-rie B
1184 Favary......... 112 1 <:3Vs ! 5' 104!f».i A. P. Miller.. John A-Loweiia R
1064 Ml. Air 109 I:l'.' *8 f 98 F. .W. B. D0dd. :....... Imp. Brutus- Jule
10-18 AllahHbad...... 10» 1:32% 7f 98 11.. iW. D. Ran Jai1 ...... Hyder All-Horde
-880 Ric0....;........ 11l 1:14% 6f Oft IV; S. C. Hildretn.. .... Shannon-Fannle Lewis
1126 Clara Johnson.. OS 1:07% : 6 f . 99,11.. M.J0nn50n... ;...'.. El Klo Key- Valeric
"932 sen. Hoffman.. 100 .7... 1 ..:. .... D. J. T0b1n........:. Imp. Inverness-Dora •
1151 (Candor. j 107 , 1:03% 5f . 108 Fa. F. Phi11ip5. ......... Imp. Darebin-Mlw Clay
1142 Wan-ago 109 1:4034 lm ' 101 1 F. . Garden City stable. Warwick- Fedalma
Ingleside yesterday with such terrific
force that it was almost found necessary
to strap the jockeys on their mounts to
prevent them from taking aerial fliehts and
landing outside of the high fence inclosing
the grounds. The backstretch was a
veritable toboggan slide, but when it came
to breasting the gale through the stretch
for the wire the horses made slow progress
and r^ords stood in no danger of being
shattered. The card, a very good one for
an off day, attracted the customary crowd
of racing enthusiasts. As three favorites,
a second choice and one outsider that was
well supported stepped across the line in
front they had no cause for complaint.
In the way of riding honors Frank
Coady stood away over his brother knights
of the pieskin, the Lome and Cambridge
stables' clever jocicey piloting four of the
six winners to victory.
The curtain-raiser was a six-furlong spin
for maidens, with seventeen starters. After
disappointing the talent on one or two oc
casions in the past Montgomery went out
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
and won like a real good one, after open
ing at a very short price and going back in
the betting to 8 to 5. The 9to 5 second
choice, Cadenza, finished tnird Behind the
15 to 1 outsider, Verdette.
The Pueblo stable's Racine filly Dura
was a prime favorite over the other six
starters in the four and a half furlong dash
for two-year-olds, the ring quoting her at
3to 5. Si.c was beaten through a loitering
sort of ride on the part of her rider,
Snider. He rated along between the
leaders so long that when he did make his
move he could not catch the second choice,
Lodestar, losing the decision by a neck.
Lady Hurst, a 100 to 1 chance, finished in
the show several lengths away.
Ed Corrigan's Kowalsky was considered
a "moral" for the six-furlong selling event
that followed, but through a series of
knocks and interferences Lad to be con
tent with third place. Four to rive was
accepted about the brown colt as a good
price. After Candor and Elmer F had
headed the procession into the stretch
Schnitz shot to the front and won cleverly
by a length. In a drive the favorite was
nosed out for the place by Elmer F. The
winner's price was 8 to 1 at post time.
Another favorite went astray in the
mile and a sixteenth run. On thestrength
of his defeat of Fair Faith some days ago
Carroll's gray colt, Paros, was played
down from 2% to 1 to 8 to 5 favoritism.
Little Cripple had second call in the Bet
ting, but the big play was made on Peter
the Second, a raft of coin going in on him
at ±}4 to 1. The favorite was knocked
about at the first turn, and cut little figure
in the race thereafter, finishing a poor
third. Peter the Second made nearly all
of the running, and in a hard drive
Coady got him past the wire a head before
the 12 to 1 outsider, Mirambo, with little
I'rawley in the saadle.
A mile dash for the cheaper class of
selling platers furnished another exciting
finish. Wawona was the most fancied of
the nine starters, ruling a 2 to 1 choice,
and in a rattling drive the last furlong with
Hermanita, one of the second choices, Si
McClain landed the favorite first by a
neck. Huntsman, at long odds, ran a
creditable race, finishing a good third.
The Texan horse George Miller met with
better success in the last nice than on his
previous essay, when he was left at the
post.
The distance was six furlongs, and about
the only one of the other five starters that
looked to have a chance to take his
measure was the black horse Bueno. In
the betting Miller was a 6 to 5 favorite,
with 2}£ to 1 against Bueno, which was
later played down to 2. Not in the first
three when the barrier went up. Miller
soon showed in the lead, and was not after
headed. Bueno came strong at the end,
but in a hard drive succumbed by a head.
Babe Murphy was a close third.
m
INGLESIDE'S STAR EVENT.
The Great $7500 Spreckels Handi
cap Is to Be Decided
To- Day.
The great $7500 Spreckels handicap at
four miles will be decided at Ingleside this
afternoon. Six dorses are carded to force
the issue, and if all start a grand contest is
assured. On paper, the result looks to lie
between Pepper and G. B. Morris, but Sir
Reel has been taking to his work very
kindly of late, and if he starts is act to
prove a dangerous factor in the race.
Long-distance races were always popular
R-ith the California racegoing public, and
the management look for the largest crowd
jf the long meeting to see the Dig event
run. Additional cars will be run by the
jlectric line to accommodate the* vast
throng.
Quirt, the Iron mare, died of a complica
tion of disorders at the Bay District track
Thursday night. The chestnut daughter
jf Joe Hooker and Trifle, foaled in 1887,
tvas a great favorite with racegoers. Dur
ing the long meeting held at the Hay Dis
trict tract a year ago she met and defeated
some of the very best horses in training at
the sprintine distances. Had she been
started in selling events many more wins
would have been placed to her credit, but
her owner, William Dixon, fearful of los
ing the mare, started her only in condition
races and handicaps.
Bookmaker Frank Eckert will leave for
Chicago at the close of the present Ingle
side meeting.
The coming meeting on the Bay Dis
trict will ring down the curtain on the
jcene of many a hard-foughtequine battle,
traders will soon after bejin operations,
siud modest dwellings will cover the
iround where thousands of dollars were
made and lost.
Hermanita's saddle slipped, for which
the backers of Wawona may be truly
srateful, for but for this mishap the mare
would undoubtedly have beaten the favor
ite out.
Flammifer, the Spreckels entry in the
maiden race, refuse! to break and was left
at the post. He is a very likely looking
colt, by Flambeau from the good mare
Not Idle.
The City Guard's Drill.
The City Guard Club will give what It calls
an "extended order drill and sham battle" on
Sunday next. There will be two platoons en
gaged, the first of tall men, under the com
mand of Lieutenant Sturdivant, and the
second, or small men, under command of
Lieutenant Ramm. The engagement will be
followed by target practice.
♦ — * — •
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Kan Francisco Cam,.
710 Market street, open until 13 o'clock everj
nignt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
St^^HIMPSON MEMOiil A L METHODIST
"Jf-^ Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haizht' street. Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. if. The pastor will preach at both
services. Subject at 11 a. if.. "The D»s ruction
of the Image." At 7:30 p. 11. -The Face of un
Angel." Sunday-school at 12:30 P. m., C. B.
Perkins superintendent; Kpworth League at 6:30
r. m Tbe public cordially invited 10 all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers in at-
tendance. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7:45 o'clock.
rt^S=> GRACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
l*»* Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rev. M. F. Colburn, pastor. Hoys' Brigade Bible
class at 10 a. m., led by W. D. Klngßbury. Morning
services at 11 a. m. Sermon by Rev. G. J. Luckey,
D.0., of Central Illinois conference. Sun-
day-school at 2:30 p. M.. C. W. Mark, superin-
tendent. Come and bring the children; all are
welcome. Praise service at 7:30 p. it., led
by Brother Robert HusDand: good singing.
At 7:45 p.m. the pastor will preach an especial
illus rated sermon entitled "Probabilities of Neg-
lect." Everybody welcome: seats free. _^
'< E£sS= HOWARD-BT. METHODIST EPIBCO-
*£& pal Church, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor. Morning subject, -'A Fool's Folly": even-
Ing subject, "Young but Once." Sunday-school at
12:30 p. ■■■■-- ■ '..■... -■-;,■
!»^P~FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
155e r cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Kdwin 11.
Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach
morning and evening, at 11 a. m. and 7:15 v.
m. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Young People's
Society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are wel-
come to these services. ■
jjfcpgy* UNION, -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
IS*-* 7 - Church (open communion). Bush . St., near
Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor, who
will preach Sunday, 10th inst. k Morning subject,
"Some Paradoxes"; evening. '-The Cadet," which
is the first of a series of evening discourses on
"The Soldier." the pastor ; being a veteran. -J. H.
Norris is organist and musical director.
NOTICE : OF ' MEETINGS.
i^S» SUNSET PA RK.SANTA _jffj>^
l*^ CRUZ Mountains— Come /_^*Gffvj>
with the Sons of St. Geor <■ of &SKLJS\. a.
San Francisco and Alameda to t-'QLi^x *^^
their ninth annual picnic,' to be JT^Ol^
held at the above delightful resort wV^r^w-""'**
on the 30th of Ma.-. All kinds of 1 \"fc**""**J
games. Fine music. Dancing. fi^SusfsisL
A lnrk;e number 01 prizes. Trains l *^P*£si? ll Ssa'
leave the ferry at 7:46 and 8:45. Tickets $1;
children 60c . ." • \ "; " ■ • ,
jjr.'.jE 3 ANNUAL MEETING.— THE REGULAR
o-*& ■ annual •■ meeting iof stockholders '•of • the
HUTCH INSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day oi May, 1896. at the hour of 11 a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and | the | transaction of
such other business as may come . before the meet-
ing. < Transfer-books will 'dose on Friday, May 1.
at 8 p. it E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
■■.■. . . • . '
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued. ' "
WCZS* ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
E 3Dr annual inepting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine St., room 28, San Fran- 1
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th day or May,
1896, at the hour of 1 ■ o'clock P. m.. for ' the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business* as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at S o'c ock p. it OKO. R. BPINN BY, Sec.
Office— 3lo Pine st., room 28. San Francisco, CaL-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Bt3S=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
"**' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgv st..'room 6. To. 6580.
"SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
I MRST-CLASS GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND
J seamstress desires situation: best reference.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Suiter su ■
ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O American young woman as nursefrlrl: 2 years'
references from last place: carfare to be paid
whether engaged or not. Address MISS C. MOSS,
box 40, Call Office.
WIDOW Of 34. WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
T T ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: Is a. so first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, Call Office. .
Y°U N G LADY ATTENDING SCHOOL
X would like position either as companion or to
assist for room and board. Please address M. L.,
box 102, Call Office. _^
A ME RICA N WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITTJA-
•**■ t ion in San Rafael; can give good reference.
Inquire at reading-room for three days, San Rafael.
A MERICAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
-ri. wants situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
'OUNG FRENCH GIRL wan situation
X as lady's maid; good reference. Address 822 a
Broadway.
P ERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO
VT do waiting or second work. Call 1221 O'Far-
rell st.
OMAN, WITH A CHILD, WISHES SITUA-
'» tlon; city or country; good cook; do general
housework. Call 221 Minna st.
USE KEEPER OR COMPANION — RK-
fined, educated lady desires position In prl-
vate family. S. L., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
CIIRL, 16 YEARS, WISHES SITUATION TO
VX take care of baby ; prefers to sleep at home.
Please call at 366 Jessie st-
"VTEAT, WILLING AND OBLIGING WOMAN
J-i wants work in country hotel as chambermaid,
or would keep house for widow and family. Ad-
dress M. C, 202 Second st.
IDDLK-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
place todo housework, or as housekeeper; $10
to $12 per month; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 504 Howard st.
riERMAS GIRL DESIRKS SITUATION FOR
VT cooking; city or country; American family
preferred. Address G. A., box 47, Call Office.
YOUNG GIBL 16 YEARS OLD WISHES A
X situation to do light housework or to take care
of baby. Call at 230 Eleventh st.
TMKST-CLASS C"OK, NURSES, UPSTAIRS
X girls and general housework girls of all national-
ities registered at Miss HICKEY'S, 1033 Post St.,
telephone Slitter 52.
GIRL ABOUT 16 WISHES A SITUATION AS
waitress in a small restaurant or In a private
boarding-house. Call at 1723 Market St., room 16.
LADY FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
no object; good home. 554 Bryant st.
V (i UNO LADY. RECENTLY FROM EUROPE,
X wishes situation to teach children; thorough
French, German. English and music; or lady's
companion: used to traveling; best of references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS TO GO OUT
VJ by the day washing and ironing or general
housework. Call at 716 Natoma St., upstairs.
■\ OUNG WOMAN WANTS SITUATION FOR
X housework or second work; wages $15. Call at
830 Harrison st.
T ADY WANTS A POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper; city preferred. Apply or address
120% Geary st., room 16.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS SECONDWORK
or cooking and light housework: can give
references. 205 Chestnut sU
I/IKST-CLASS COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
X private family; best city reference. Call 5 Ew-
Ing place, off Laguna St.. bet. Post and Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WANTS TO AS-
l'l sist In kitchen or restaurant. MRS. FASISH,
1611% Devlsaderosu
V FIRST-CLASS STARCH-IRONER: CITY
or country. Address S. 1., box 49, Call Office.
ady wants position A3 housekeep-
er or would take charge of lodging-house;
plain sewing. 821 Mission St., room 3.
\V OMAN WANTS ANY KIND PLAIN SEW-
tt Ing; clothes repaired, cleaned and pressed. 114
Fourth St.. room 15.
Wanted— by a FIRST-CLASS cook, sit-
" nation in a summer resort, small country ho-
tel or a private family. Cail or address F. R., 813
Bush st.
CATHOLIC YOUNG LADY AS COMPANION
'In a respectable family or second girl: city or
country. Address C. E.. Berkeley. ,
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION:
general housework; plain cook; small family.
Call at 1 23 Seventh St.
pKRMAN NURSE WISHES A SITUATION
VT to care for Invalid lady or child. Address C.
M.. P. O. box 107. West Berkeley, Cal.
~L~<XPEKIENCISD NURSE WISHES ENGAGE-
XJ m nits; charges reasonable. Address F. S., 32
Lewis St., oft Jones, bet. Suiter ana Post.
ARE OF FURNISHED HOUSE OR LODG-
J ing-bouse wanted by mother and son. Address
J. H.. box 14, this office. : . -■ --x
r OUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. Address B. N.,
box 107. Call Office.
"[RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL DESIRES
XV situation to do second work; sewing can be
highly recommended. Address M., 913 East Fif-
teenth St., East Oakland.
INCHES I EH HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to (6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. '
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
HunTFeiT aTco.." "ch!n'e^e~al^"jXpan^
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
VJhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLK YACO.. 640 Clay.
PC O. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches -.short notice. 14<;earv. tel.Gran:
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J Office: best help. 414% O'Farrell: teL K. 426.
MAN AND WIFE, NKW ENGLAND PEOPLE.
private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W.,
box 154, Call Office. ; - -- -
VOUNOMAN AS STABLEMAN WITH PRI-
X vac family or livery stable; city or country:
understands care of fine horses, carriages and har-
ness: reference. Call or address T. HURLEY,
1238Fol8omst.
("URDESEK, PRACTICAL, SCOTCH. SIN-
' T gle, wants situation; private or commercial
place; thoroughly understands gardening In all Its
branches. Address Garden»r, 1044 Folsom su
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPKN FOR
engagement; 15 years' Callfornlan experience:
orchard, vines, stock and genera farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 812 V* Fulton st.
MEC H A NIC At, ENGINEER, Wl T H 20
■»TX years' experience, wants position, city or
country: can give best of reference. W. W. FEL-
TKR. 566 Howard st., San Francisco, Cal. ■
ELECTRICIAN; THOROUGHLY UNDER-
ftlandy dynamos, wiring, lamps, meters and
steam: much experience: holds college certificate.
Address Dynamo, box 106, Call Office.
YOUNG MAHKIKD SWEDISH MAN, WITH
I good team, would like work of any kind; will-
Ing ad good worker; wife good cook: cliy or
country. Addre>i G. c., 269 Second St., Oakland.
OCO rCHMAN WANTS POSITION AS KORE-
O mau on ranch or to take charge of stock: Al
man; references. Address S., box 6, Call Office,
Oakland. . .
GERMAN, EXPERIENCED GROCERY
\1 clerk wishes situation, city or country, or
general merchandise. Address F. X., box HI. all.
"YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X as waiter in restaurant or private family. Ad-
dres.l 216 Prospect place.
BY .---A DANE; KNOWS THE CARE OF
horses and garden; has references. Address
L. L.. box 18, Call office. - r-
\\T ANTED— A SITUATION BY A CHIN ABOY
" as cook in a family; speaks English: can give
good references. Address 8., box 18, Call Office.
p OOD SHORT-ORDER COuK. 38 SEVENTH
VI street. . . .
\Y ANTED— POSITION IN A DRY GOODS OR
'" clock More by a man 39 years of age: under-
stands perfectly the decoration of show-windows,
and has bad many years' experience as ' such in
Europe; speaks German, Swedish and Danish to
perfection. Address C. EVERS, box 85, Golden
Gate, Alameda County. Cal. '
VNGLISHMAN, 30, AS GARDENER OR
XJ coachman; capable of running steam or gas
engines: also dynamo and pumping: hand\- at all
kinds of repairing; best of references : from ; late
employers. ~ Address Gardener, Oakland ' Office of
The Call.
ENGINEER, THOROUGHLY. 'UNDER-
XJ stands steam and gas engines and . all kinds of
woodworking and general machinery,. requires
situation at once; good references; I steady and re-
liable. L. W.. box 61, (all Office. ~ '
Vl* ANTED— POSITION IN DRY GOODS OR
" gents' furnishing ore: am a hustler and have
had 5 years' experience. Address G. L. W;, box
102. Call Office. -■■.■. •; ;-
V OUNG MAN 21; STRONG: WISHES SITUA-
■I tion in a wholesale house of any description;
best references. ' Address S. R.. Box 62. Call Office.
VI IDDLE AGED MARRIED :> AN, ; DANISH,
i.7. wishes a situation; handy to do anything. N.
T. S. KNAPP. 265 Clara near Sixth, top floor. . .-,
VOUNO MAN. 21, WISHES SITUATION IN
X a retail house; would drive a light wagon; good
references- Address C. G.," box 17, this office.
. SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
in^^KNTLEM AXLY YOUTH (AGE 20) DESIRES
VT Immediate employment as clerk or cashier
can write a fair hand and has had a good educa-
tion. ' Kindly apply to DANIEL DEFOE, box 20,
Call. ■ -■-
TTSEFUL YOUNG GERMAN, GOOD GAR-
*-• dener, etc., would like to get work about place
or some business where he could advance: state
refernce or security if required. Address C. M.,
box 82. this office. .*•-.:. '
ITUATION WANTED AS FANCY "CAKE-
baker; good ornamental and pastry cook.
Please address M. ZONDEL. 739 Filbert st.
DUCATKD YOUNG MAN, SPEAKS ENG-
XU Hsh, German,' French, Spanish, Russian and
Italian, wishes position as traveling companion or
valet. Address W. T.,*ox 84, Call Office. .
AN, INDUSTRIOUS, SOBER AND RliLl-
able, wants position in private family; city or
country; understands gardening, care of horses
and general work about place; first-class refer-
ences. Address JOHN, box 29, Call Office.
pARDE.NER AND FL IKIST, FIRST CLASS,
VT 30, single, German, desires situation with pri-
vate family. Address CHARLES VORBECK, 818
Fourth st. . - •
STRONG YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION
In a wholesale or commission house as porter,
etc.: can secure references or security. Address
C. M., box 2, Call Office.
OUNG SWEDISH man wishes .situa-
X tion; city or country: can drive, attend to
horses, milk and do gardening work: best of ret-
erences. Address G. C. box 19. Call Office.
ARDENKR WISHES FLACK WITH PRI-
V 7 vate family; middle-aged; single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office. . '
/COMPETENT, STEADY GERMAN WANTS
\J situation as coaenman: good driver: also good
gardener; can milk; generally useful: city or
country; references. Address Coach, box 144, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OOD MACHINE AND ALL AROUND
blacksmith wants situation. Call or address
M. 8., box 110. Call Office.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»T Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE A STEADY
place on ranch; man Is firs -class blacksmith
and horseshoer, good woodworker; also can run en-
clue and do general farming: wife is good and sav-
ing cook: capable of taking entire charge of ranch.
Address Q. C. L. T., box 101, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CL \SSPRAC-
ticaI circular sawyer or band; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION AS CASHIER OR
• T assistant bookkeeper; the applicant is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
ences^^
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ~~
XpRENOH SEAMSTRESS, $25 • " " GERMAN
Sr seamstress, $0; second girl, $25: nurse, $25;
15 housework girls, city and country. $20 and $25-
-6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER: $8 TO $10;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN HOUSEWORK
girl, $25. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, WAIT 1 MEAL, CITY
•£1 hotel. $16; waitress for city hotel, $15: German
cook, private family, city, $25: 2 cooks, private
family, city, $20; girl with references for house-
work, Sausallto, $20; German woman for house-
work, Oakland, $20: ipirls for housework, city and
country. $16. C R. HANSKN A Co.. 110 Geary.
ANTED— COOK, PLAIN WASH, ACROSS
»» the bay. $25. see lady here at 11 to-day; cook
and general housework girl, country, $20: German
cook, no wash, $25: second girl in institution, $20:
cook, private boarding-house, $40; and girls for
cookine and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSKTT CO., 312 Sutter st. .
ANTED — COOK AND HOUSEWORK,
small family, a mining city, $25; 2 German
nurseclrls. $12; number of glr.s for housework,
city and country. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
\\r AITRESS. SMALL RESTAURANT, NEAR
TT city, $15 and room, easy place; 2 waitresses,
$17 50 each: second girl, $20, and other places.
-MURRAY A READY. 634 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— NEAT WAITRESS FOR COUN-
" try hotel: $20: fare advanced if required. W.
D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
OTHK R AND DAUGHTER. SMALL
i»X country hotel, $25: housegirl, $20. fare paid;
chambermaid small hotel, $15; houseglrl.city. 2 iv
family, $25 : second girl, $20 to $25. 315 Sntter st.
2 GERMAN OR SWEDISH COOKS, $20 AND
$25; 2 German or American cooks, $20: 2
chamber or waiting, $12 and $16: young girls to
assist, $10 and $15. Apply 872 Broadway, Oak-
land.
UTAITRKSS, $25, COUNTRY HOTEL. HOTEL
tt GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANTED— YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO
take care of one little girl and assist with up-
staiia work. Apply 2110 California st.
ERVANT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; plain cooking. 306 Spruce St., Presidio
Heights. .
ALKSWOMAN, IMMEDIATELY: FlRST-
class worker with tissue paper; bring samples.
713 Larkln st. .
G- ERMAN GIRL TO TAKK CARE OF 1 HILD-
V.I ren and assist light housework. 617 Devlsa*
dero st., 9 to 12.
WANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST; $8. 11612 POST
" St., 8 to 12 a. M.
■VTKAT YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST HOUSE-
J-"< work; $12: references required. 709 Clayton.
r< ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBE-
VT work. Apply 710 Haight st.
i URL TO PLAY WITH 8-YEAR-OLD CHILD;
Vjr sleep home; $7. 1620 Ellis st.
rpAILORESS-MUST BE FIRST-CLASS FIN-
X lsherand button-hole maker. HENRY KILP,
106 Battery st.
T\T ANTED— GIRL IN SMALL LAUNDRY;
" one who understands marking preferred. Ad-
dress C. C, box 17, this office. ••.--■•
QCANDIXAVIAN GIRL FOR DINING-ROOM
O and chamber* 739 Fourth st. 'r^-
VV ANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
tt 8 Liberty st. ■
IRL WANTED TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK;
wages small at first, and nice country home;
only strong, foreign girl need apply: Swedish pre-
ferred. Address A. 8., box 118, Call Office.
\y ANTED— LADIES TO LEA'tN THEIR FU-
" ture destiny; all readings guaranteed; evil in-
fluences removed. Fee 25 cents. Planet reader.
946 Mission sl.
\l* ANTED — GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
"" housework. 1536 Dolores St., near 29th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
•»x Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
* STIIMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
A din's Chocolate Kmulslon. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRESSING. 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101easons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES TO LEA UN DRESS CUT-
« V tincand making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
pkKKSSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c CD. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
■ ■<■ MALE HELP WANTED.
W" r " XnteiT^ carriage painter FOR
country, $2 60 per day; carpenter for mine,
good hand at timbering and rough work, steady
job, $85 per month; farmer and wife. $40 «nd
found; also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
EAD LAUNDRYMAN FOR COUNTRY
hotel. $60 and found: butler for private fam-
ily, $25: bell boy with good references, $25: baker
lor a log<in?camp, $30; waiter, arm work, coun-
try hotel. $30; dishwasher, country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN FARMER
O and wife. $30 :o *35: 4 farmers, near city, s2o;
fnrmer'vrho can drive 6 horses, $20: 3 farmers,
near city, $15. C. R. HANSEN <t CO., 110
Geary st.
NGLISH WAITER FOR COUNTRY HOTEL;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
ECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $76T
washer for hotel laundry, country, $45. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. ■
"WANTED— GERMAN COOK, PLAIN RES-
»» taurunt, $35; waiter, $35; elderly man to
raise chickens, etc., $10, see boss here; • gardener,
ntarclty, $20: nigh; waiter, oyster house, $35; 2
dishwashers, $10 and $15, etc. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st.
O MILKERS, $20; 3 FARMERS. $20; TIE-
*-■ makers, Be, 9c. 10c, lie, 12c each, tools and
food found by employer; cook and wife: 3 cooks;
2 waiters; hotel porter: bedmaker; choreman.
private family, $15; gardener, $i:0; farmer and
wife, and other places. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay sU - - ■
ANTED— FOUR MORE SWAMPERS, $26,
go to-day: 3 miners, $2 75 a day; copper-plate
printer, , $2 50 a day; chore boy for country; res-
taurant cook, country, and others. Apply to J. F.
CKOSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY.- HOTEL GA-
ZETTE 420 Kearny st. _.
BOY OVER 16 YEARS FOR TRANSPORT A-
tion office. Address Acton, stating references,
box 15, Call Office.
AKER FOR COUNTRY SHOP; $25 TO
start. 509 Kearny st:. room 8.
bARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
1> 106 Fourth st. f - ■■■■<-.
GOOD BARBER WANTED AT 21% NINTH
street.
H" ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
and Sunday. 1444 Valencia st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
and Sunday. H73Vi Howard st.
BARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday; $3 SO. 1600 Howard st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
24 Third st.
WA TED-BOY TO FOLD - TOWELS AT
> Lick House laundry, 9 Lick place. . v' ■
G1 OOD BUTCHER-BOY WANTED. 108 FIFTH
r street.
WAITER WANTED AT 618 CLAY STREET.
HELP 'WANTED— Continued. __
COOK FOR SMALL RESTAURANT; WAGES
\J $30. Apply 1309 Castro st. . .
A7-OUNG .MAN ACCUSTOMED TO WORK IN
J. baker shop. 1139 Folsom st.
SALESMEN WHO ARE OUT OF EMPLOY-
-0 ment and those who are desirous of making a
< hange can get the necessary assistance through
our new system; we make no charge for positions; I
we have the following positions on our list un- I
niled: A city experienced salesman, lace depart- ;
ment; a number of canvassers and other places In
the best , business houses. Apply to U. S. Indus- '
trial Agency, room 167. Crocker bui ding.
\\T ANTE D-S TKAUY, TKUSi WORTHY. i
tt partner in restaurant; receipts $25; sure in- I
crease; small capital required; guaranteed $75 •
monthly each. &TENBEKG CO., 632 Market
Vy ANTED-RELIABLE MAN TO TAKE OR-
tt ders; permanent position to the right man: '
reference required or a deposit. STANLEY, 21V 2
Third at. y "
W A i N h' E i^iT STEADY, RELIABLE MAN, :
... Un $150. as partner in genteel business that ,
I''city1 '' city trade
\\r ANTED-MKN TO SOLICIT; BIG INDUCE-
TT ments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
G ( M > irk^tfu tELMAN: STEADY WORK. 541
/-IOOD COAT PRESSER; STEADY WORK;
VX good wages. 541 Market gt. "»n..
<B; 100 P . ART - V ER IN BUTCHER-SHOP;
235 Third' st Uggy 6: 8 ° 0(1 trade- Apply
IjARBERS— OLD-ESTABLISHED 4 -CHAIR
BR O I. O , P J0 f 6 O Euts e sU heaP - APPIy DECKELIIAN
PARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
x crease paying business. Owner, box 15,CallOffice
97 'S BARBER-SHOP, LAUNDRY OFFICE
*#>'r * «-"• and cigar-store with 2 fine living-rooms
and yard: cheap rent, good locality and doing well-
must Bell on account of ill health: full lnvestW
tion. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. "" eB " Bar
■VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 766 MISSION, BET."
xi 3d aud 4th— Single furnished rooms, night l.">c
to 60c;week,$l to $2 50; reading-room strictest at-
tentlon to morning calls;clean;quiet: open all night
OLD ESTABLISH 3-CHAIR BARBER
shop; cheap If sold this month on account of
other business. 1308 Howard st.
GOOD 1-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR BALE
in Oakland. Call 623 Clay St., city.
\Y INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ENTLEMAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
VT city can find profitable employment by ad-
dresslng G.. box 95, this office.
' ASK A GOLD FIELDS; A FAST SAILING
vessel will oe dispatched by the San Francisco
and Alaska Gold Mining Co. on or about Wednes-
day May 20. for Cooks Inlet direct; will carry
freight and a limited number of passengers; fare
$50, including board and 200 pounds baggage.
For further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
606 Battery s;., S. F. ■
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
ROOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dm mm st.
IVr ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
"" cry su, clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless "suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\\r ANTED - MEN TO LKARN . BARBER
tt trade; only 8 weeks required: tools fclven and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
) ac'ta adjusted. RATTO's, 612 My, teL m. 353.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutlers'*
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
/ balf-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
Y\7 ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & <^0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oiler
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY— SING" E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25. 21 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and .Lpigeadorff sts.
' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ retarv Barbers' Abso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD Tito ELL. 657 Clay.
AKBKKS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
. -* ' sts.; single furnished rma 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price. sc.
10c, 16c pr night :clean beds-.sunuy rooms.no bunks
II OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
meal try 13 V2 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per right; $1 to $3 per week.
'HAT CHKKK HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best In the city; sln&e rooms
20 and 25c a night. 81 a w«>efc: meals 10c. ■
VI EN'S %-SOLING 50c; LADIES 40c; DONE
i'l while you walu 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 I|A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
1"« and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
824 Washington St., near Kearny.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
it your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
ill all grocers keep it.
VI EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
-i-ix nearly new, 25c to $1 26. 562 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $S week.
T/'REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOE
x! also a bout tof lager. sc, at 637 Clay sL - ,I. ■.■>■.
riIKY ACME HOUSE. »o7 MAItKET ST., Bit
J. low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
Air ANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
f T v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clar st.
AGENTS WANTED.
L" ATJ V^A^E^TS~~Wa'nTED— BIG INDUCE
XJ ments. Apply 235 Post St.. room 7.
HOUSES WANTED. ~
"YXTANTeFtoIiENT BY JUNK I— COMFORT^
"" able modern 10- room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Address Terms, Postofllce box 2661.
PROPERTY WANTED. "
WANTED— A COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS. IN
city, on the installment plan; small amount
down. Address Cottage, box 19. Call Office.
' W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
C^LL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at. : .sen.l postal.
_„„,-. ~~ LOST.
LOST- FROM ALBION BREWERY, HUNT-
er's Point, cedar skiff; oak finished: copper
fastened: reward. .."-7*
LOST-MAY 5, WATER SPANIEL; BROWN*
XJ white spotted: name Sport. Return to 1029
Mission sU: reward.
rpHTJRSDAY AFTERNOON— WATCH
X and fob. Beward at 634 Green st.
r>ULL-TERRIER SLUT, 2 KINDLE JAWS.
JD Reward at 646 First sU
T OST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the ALFRED KAIIN; No. 194.925. The
finder will please return to bank. "^
DENTISTS. ' ~" ~~
DR. L. T. IRAN Z-EXT R A CTI ON A 1
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
/^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1; extracting SOc, with gas $1.
ft 7 A £ ET KOR TKETH: WARRANTED AS
i?J.. go 2'li? S « Cal J made: filUn *"•• Dr - SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
TV 1 " LU DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.. \
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting when I
plates are made: old plates made over like new; '
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
■H°rvn S M r A %£*& VERY LOWKST PRICES. ',
XX DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
T-'ULL SET OF .TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
J five years. DR. V. CAY aLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
iS¥ vnr?v,P,£ WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H. I
00. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. •
I)^S^ OK P X . W - IjEEK - THK GENUINE j
x^Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction !
Bud patentee of lmprovea bAdge work or tee;n
without any plate, moved from 6 to at) O'Farrell s:. ;
pAINLE.SS KXTKACI'ION. 60c; CROWN ,
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13veari'
experience. R. L. W ALsll" D.D.S*; Si&*\ Geary.
I JR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRiLuE-
XJ work a specialty ; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
(] O r LT " X ££- AL ASSOCIATION. SOb mar-
'^ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. j
T^R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A I £ n , W | OK i£> REASONABLE AND WAK-
■n. ranted. DR. j \y. k V 112' i Market st.
storage; ~~
T JS* B ii O - VEY ' 722 MISSION-STORAGE AT
x .redt.ced rates; basement Btora e,sl 50 per load
OTORAGIi-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
U proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
T OWEST. KATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS.
xj househom goods, etc. J. M. fierce, 735 MarkeU
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
-n.' low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture. etc. 1 SU IKI-.K A* SHIRKK. 747 Market..
-^-1 :— -. -. SEWING .MACHINES.
A l i^ KINDS B OUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED,"
■*■*- rented, repaired r, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
_^ PERSONALS. ■ ._■__ :
Y 7 WIFE, "EMILY "■ SASS. HAVING ' LEFT
my bed and ■ board. lam not responsible for
any debt contracted by. her. HENRY BASS.
DBIAGI HAS THIS DAY SOLD THE
• fruit at ore and business at 535 Hayes st. to
(H. MILES DAVINI, who will conduct the busi-
ness as heretofore. .: : : ■
UY YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN,
lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veiling, etc., very cheap at
Pioneer Dry-eooda Store, 106 Fifth at.
\VriLL JAME^ r. WELSH, railroad
it brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul, Minn., or any one who knows of him or
his whereabouts, comm 11 c with the under-
signed at once. C. E. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway, 2 New Mont-
gomery sU, San Francisco. ' ",
EWAKIi— THK MASTER PAINTERS'. AS»
sociation offer a reward of f2O for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
1 j HH\ CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
1 ( )UU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
"L>EAUTY," A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
I) book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 Phelan buiiding between 12 and 5. •
H" AIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, '25c: lessons
given: face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.I3I Poau
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A daily; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
ONOLTE PAYS CASH FOR OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'Farrell st.
T ADY OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN THE
XJ lodging-house business would like to get a posi-
tion to manage a house for a salary in the city,
Oakland, Alameda or country. Address M. 0., box
135, Call Office. ■- ■ ■ ■ •■
OH! DON.'T YOU REMEMBKR SWEET
Alice, Ben Bolt— 2sc for hainlressing does not
mean inferior work in my case; 1 have the very
best artists in the city in my employ ana 1 give
the most satisfactory and up-to-date service. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
xi< fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
T> PTU RE— PERSONS INTERESTED
-it in the painless and positive cure of ruptures
address with stamp, lock box 2112, San Francisco,
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason St.; open evenlnzs.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per.
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
» dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertruda
Partlngton,R.L.Par:lngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
J Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
Cj? 1 A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED OH THB
tIP X floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
I>IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW E VB- '
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market su
ATA THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
■"A Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter sU, phone main 49. SAM.
TAR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg,r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
rpHJB ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats • 6c : dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
T IBEIiAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market sU : ■: •"■
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Farrn»— . '-'0 Snn«om« >?.. nptt*'r<.
DRESSMAKERS.
RADLEY, 410 ' TAYLOR- ELEGANT," BTY-
XJ llsh dresses made; $5 up; dresses made over.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 np. 505 Natoma St., above sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ADVICE and '
assistance to all.
When you wisn to consult a true disciple of
clalrvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNEI.LE i? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvoy-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallinle and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brines about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you jus'- what you wan: to
know. Others . may have failed you; Professor
Carneile never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st.
ISBMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766Vs Howard st.
KAcANDtI 50c AND $l"
t)U PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market St., ur. Sixth.
Marvelous power; valuable advice on all affair*;
letters with stamp answered: hours 9 t . 8.
\\ ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
AX the world: 50c and $1, shows you the nlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Markec
MME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
lX past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
V» ME. R A VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
i'A tips on races; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth.
VPSY LltE-READER; LADIES, 25c;
gents, 50c ; readings dally except Sun. 6 7th.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELL 3
I'l past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
er and clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
M*;. LENEMAR — FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted in '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Taylor st.. cor. Market,
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell at.
ETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eg«r< and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted,- names given: good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 9'-i9 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
DDIE SWAIN" RETURNED; WILL BEX
patrons to-day, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1056 Market.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT"
tranc* medium : sittings $1. -JlB Stockton st.
educational.
tsXa^pTtman^hjh^l^^^horthandV
X individual instruction. MISS H. HARPER.
room 10, fourth floor. Mills building.
BOOKKKEPI.\G-SCHOOL— PE N Man SHII P,
arithmetic taught in 6 weeks. 5 Stockton, rm. 2.
DE FORESr— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
Ur lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHaUS, 39 Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAX
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.87.
(JPaXISH, FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE"
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell si
•\7-OICE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
1) RO FE SSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. .'707 Market.
Y RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
" OOKK PNG, WRITNO. ARITHMTC, GRAMR.
' day & night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
ISoOKKEEPING~TAUG HT ;PR A A V,
X> better than In any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TA8R.669 Mkt»
jyELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL* CIVIL, MINING, MB-
k!> chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; es'.ab. '64. VAN DER NAILLKN. 72S Mitt.
HKAI.D'S BUSINESS COI.LF.GE' '~2~4~POSTST."
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
jV ll>ill > SCHOOL ALL* SBLS.CVjLLKIiE;i4
X' Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low raei
'IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, 3ANJO- REA-
V fonah'-. PROK. FRANCIS. 104SV 9 Valencia.
ATTORNEYS- AT-lAW. ~
ADVICE FREE^^fv^R^E^AWSA'sPEcK'
aity; private: no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850* Market.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
. Market St.; aavlce free.
; E. PHILLIP.-?, U. S. AND MATE COURTS'
. damage suits; law of probate and divorce;
charges moderate. Offices, 508 California st.
rp J. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. 24 Sixth su. rooms 14, 15.
W W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A MAW, 420
tt . California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO I>ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alliater and Powell st. car lines.SESIS5 SS CHANCES.
rfo HELL YOUr"bUBINESB"'"pI:aCk"^R
x lodging-house come see me at once, as I have
customers on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall j
I F YOU WANT TO HKLL OR BUY A BUSI- '
I ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall aye. {
T HA . VK PURI HASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
X business places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
SITfS 6-ROOM LODGING~HO"USE- RENT
<0 » « «J. cheap; good locality; this is a rare op-
-7 City HaU 11 " a cheap home. T. LUBFLSKI
1 I ity Hall kvc
«< 'V'SO RE I TA URANT: GOOD LOCATION
*Q*JO\J. on Sixth St.: line paying business:
cheap rent: must sell on account of going nuay:
will stand fullest Investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
><lFv(_n FINE NEWSPAPER ROUTE OF
*v x*J\J\J. all the newspapers of -an Francisco
ana also news-stand i.nd maeazine depot paying
at present above all expenses 8120 per month, in
the finest northern town In the State. T. LUBKL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<£"! i\(\ BAKERY AND DELICACY STORE:
\pXKf\J, 2 living-rooms: doing cood business;
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Cf'>nA LELICACY AND~pT6I>Ui'K BUBt-
%t>*t\J\J. ness on one of the principal business
streets In the city; Investigate this rare snap. T.
LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Ql OX NICE. RESTAURANT: GOOD LO-
%D X£iO. cality: cheap rent; must sell at once: a
bargain. T. LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<£?"! Finn HALF- 1 I X s 1 IN NKW PAT-
«i?XOU"J. ent nlckel-in-slot machine; superior
to all others: field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
big money; investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
QlAf»n FOR SALE THIS WEEK; OLD ES-
<•„ ll'inr. tabltshed restaurant; near Market:
receipts $40 daily; full investigation; trial given:
yoiug to Europe STENBERG _ CO., 632 Market.
Q _> (\ (\(\ RETIRING FROM BUSINESS ON
«a '>\J\->\J. account of sickness. For sale, a
■ desirable liquor store, located north near
Market; comprising large st ol- of wines, liquors,
etc; valuable horses, wagons; stock invoices
fully the amount asked: big bar trade; grandest
bargain ever offered: full investigation; no sale if
not as represented. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
<Si <Tfi 25-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
*_■)—•'—.■"■"-'• and building; will take part payment
or part city property: good fixtures: No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG LU.. 632 Market streeu
"V7OTICK —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
— 1 promptly for cash. HEALY &CO.. 23 Kearny.
< " > \(\(\ GRAND CHANCE: BAKERY,
<D--«-""Jv7. confectionary and restaurant: in a
leading city: short distance from San Francisco:
business of $40 per day; large cake trade: 250 out-
side is'omers; 2 horses, 2 wagons: part cash; trial
before purchasing. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny su
ELEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
vicinity Market si. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
©Or^n BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
• _ _>JU. variety store at the Mission; 6 rooms,
with furniture. \v\ F. HE ALY, 23 Kearny "..
rpO SELL YOUR BUSIN ESS FOR CASH RIGHT
— away see or send to STANLEY, 2ly_ Third.
Q-^On RESTAURANT, Gi'O!) LOCATION;
. O'-HJI/. splendid trade. STANLEY. -'1% Third.
si 1 7An SALOON: CENTRAL LOCATION:
•jj-L l\J\J, fine fixtures: good stock liquors; big
trade: great bargain; same hands 7 years: trial
■given; fortune lor ilve man. STANLEY.2I 1 . a Third.
<!■)' BRANCH BAKERY, COFFEE
QX-.l*. lor, diiacacits. STANLEY', 2]^ Third.
O"?(\f\ COFFEE AND LUNCH PARi.ok:
72~yJ\J. good business. STAN LEY',2I Third.
QJ.7^\ RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY:"
q[rl * O. receipts $20 day; low rent. 21Vb Third.
V'-'R SALE— ONE OF THE 8.-.mT CASH
X businesses In the State; no evening or Sunday
work: apply at once. STANLEY. 21 Vi Third sr..
CO 900 SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
«IT X__UVJ. est location: flr3t-class trade; rent
$60; owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKg _ WOLF, 631 California su
CM OX FRUIT BUSINESS; RECEIPTS S7 A
C 1— O. day: snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st.
C?"| QA CIGAR-STAND, LAUNDRY OFFICE:
•T-LOVJ. near People's Palace: clearing $10 to
$12 week. BARRETT SKIFF, 9.1 Market St.
HOFSTORE, FINE COUNTRY TOWN: ES-
tablished 16 years; large profits; nil _el for
65 per cent on cost. D! CKER, 1020 Market st
£• <__| _ CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.;
*2~±\JV.I. receipts $100 per mouth. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
Ql 1 f\f\ COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
•;1 IV'U. nr Baldwin. DECKER, 10-0 Market.
rpo BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
O(' Xll RKS A UP. ANT AND BAR OLD-
*~>V)O\J. established, and clears at least $100 per
month: well fitted up and stocked: goo 1 chance
for man and wile or two men; best reasons for sell-
lug. GUS STRAND. 45 Third St.
(s>l (\r\Ci BUTCHER-SHOP: EXCELLENT
OXUI7U. location: cuts up 4% cattle a week:
best clnss of trade: _ horses, •_■ \\ *'.■>.< nn and every-
thing complete; owner retiring; will sell building
and lot for $7500. OUS STKaND, 45 Third ft.
WASTED- STEADY MAX IN COMMISSION- ,
' ' hense: will pay $75 per month; cash required,
$250. Sge IH'S STRAND. 45 Third st.
ci||i'|) li liL. SPLENDID 'LOCATION;
<£"! 1 Ul ' '. 21 rooms: always full; big bar trade;
►▼erythlnf in good condition; more ha', value;
owner going to Europe. GUS STRAND, 45 -Third.
at t- ,-7a boa rding-hoi bEI 16 WELL-
<r"JU\_*. furnished rooms: old-es-abllsbed
house; always full and paving well: actual valtm
for $1000: best reasons for selling; building in-
cluded. GUS sTRA \ D.. 45 Third st.
Gj^TJifn BRANCH BAKERY AT A SACKI-
«t"S«£ O\J. Bee; trade of $12 to per day; fine
location; 4 nice living-rooms: comfortable "home;
must be sola this week on account of departure;
see this and you will buy. GUS STRAND, 45
Thirl st.
fljjOO/T7i RESTAURANT WITH NKW
rp-iGv/U. building on long ground lease; best
Jocation on cliv front: moiK-v-niakinj; place: casu
or part in real estate. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531
California st.
(s»'J||ji PAi.TNEK WANTED: MANUFAC-
O*J''^'« tnring business, handling staple arti-
cles In general use: goods sold to tbe wholesale
trade only: plenty of stock and orders on hand, as
will be satisfactorily proven: money to be invested
in tbe business to enlarge the same, GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market 8-
rjf)-/\ BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFKC-
r*D__DU. tionery: sales 12. lIEGARTY, 1004
Market st.
GOOD PAYING CIGAR-sTORK FOR SALE
cheap. KG ARTY, 1004 Market St.
■<_._^n FINE SALOON: DOING GOOD BUSI-
-•3p— <J*J. ness; fine fixture: large stock; bil-
lltrds and poo!: best location. REIDY, 13^. Sixth.
"oTTTTTk DELICACY AND DAIRY STORE,
O-^v'v/. with living-rooms: in Mission; low rent.
WiLKIK <fe WOLF. 531 California SU
/ ' OOD BUSI.NKS.S IN GOOD LOCATION; 2
\J buildiiips on leased lot: rent only $_ 60 per
month. I. C SCHARFF. 18 Post sU
WHOLE OR HALF INTEItEST 1 N LIVERY
»» stable; horse, market and wagon rposltory;
well s ocked: buildings long lease and finest place
of the kind on the coast: good chance tor party
with money. Address W. P.. box 140, I a.i OiUce.
SALOON, BOARDING-HOUSE AN D ORO-
cerv; 22 steady boarders; good bar trade;
chickens, pigs, ducks': hie crop potatoes: next to
factory: cars run by; selling very cheap at once
on account of trrnble. Call at this oflice.
C-nf\(\ GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT:
<J»^l/U. near Montgomery and Market sts :
rent $20: 'must sell at once; family trouble; great-
est bargain. WJLKK <fc WOLF, 631 California st.
ra-i /w\ BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFEC-
I UU. tionery: cood reasons for selling. 3312
Mission St.. opp. carhouse.
HOKSK AND EXPRESS - WAGON AND
stand. Inquire at grocery-store, 175 Clara
be, city.
©1 Ml GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVING-
<DX«JI/. rooms. Apply Call Office.
£_• Ity*r / j| RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
«D 1--OV. business: cood prices: near three
theaters; actual value $'_'0:!O: family affairs reason
of sellipg. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California sU
ARTNER WANTED IN GOOD " PAVIM!
business: estaolUhed 4 years; small capital re-
, quired: trial given. 307 O'Farrell st.
INING-ROOM- I-OR SALE: 40 REGULAR
boarders; clear easy $200 a month.. Call 407
Mason si. for particulars.
A LOON— GO D _OCATION: LIVING-ROOMB
in back: price $.00; rent $15. Address B. J.,
box 4, Call oflice.
Ai\f\ ROC It AND BAR; WESTERN
*3)_U"J. Addition; a snap. PIERCE, 22 Kearny.
~Q!l fIA BAKE AND LAUNDRY; CHEAP
tjPIUU. rent; bargain. 1243 Mission st.
LADY OF MEAN.-* WANTS GENTLEMAN
partner with $50; country proposition. Room 2,
lZMason s - . .
T7IOR RENT— RESTAURANT IN GOOD RUN-
JC ning order to any responsible party: knowledge
not required. Inquire SEEM AN'. I *, 616 Kearny.
A R G A I N— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
X) liquor store. J. PEYSER. 1601 Market st.
CjO'fV RESTAURANT, BAKERY; BAR-
<p^.O\J. gain; good reaaonforselig. 917Mlsalon.
"jn. lj - 28-FOOT LUNCH-COUNTER WORTH
«SOtJ. $176; half block of Market St.; $5 to s7
dally sales; must sell; must sell: no agents. Ad-
dress K. C, box 71, this oflice.
<El77<^ GROCERY, STOCK, HORSE and
«*J> I lv, wagon at invoice price: $40 daily;
good location: investigate this splendid bargain:
make offer: no agents. J. \V_STON, 821 Turk
St.. 12 to 1, 5:30 to 7:30 P. _.
|/OR~SALK CHEAP— WELL-ESTABLISHED
_ candy, tobacco, cigar, stationery store; Hue busi-
ness; reason for selling, nave to go East. Apply
store, 1314 Howard st., bet. .Ninth and Tenth.
cjro"/7"E"cbAL' AN D WOOD YARD DOING
t£ii t O. root business: must be sold at once;
engine and boiler is worth the money; trial given.
Call RIO Sixth st. ■
-LOR SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
1 butcher shop in the city; other business cause
of selling: no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
GOOD BUSINESS FOR BALE FOR $160;
downtown. (.all 722 Howard su
MALI. OYSTER GROTTO NEAR MARKET
O st.: cheap. . Inquire 113 Third ht.
\\f ANTED— LIVE PARTNER IN LIVE BUSI-
-'V ness: 12000 to $3000 capital; profits large and
sure. Address Live, box 34, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATOTICK-PARriES WISHING rO~SELLRES-
_ I taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON', 26y_ Kearny sU
Qt 7/»A RESTAURANT. MANUFACTURING
IUU. district; receipts *50 to $60 -ally; low
rent: disagreement of partners cause of selling; a
sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26V. Kearny St.
nARPENTER-SHOP, KSTABLISHED TEN
\J years: very central; pood trade; machines,
benches, stock on hand, etc.; selling on account of
departure; a snap. Apply 26V_ Kearny fat.
11,,1' A COALY ARI), HORSES, WAG «
J5-.OU. building, stock, etc.: 6 years ground
lease; rent $6; a bargain. 26V_ Kearny su
1-MNh PAYING SALOON AND LUNCH-
X house In wholesale district; fixtures, stock,
etc.: will sacrifice: make offer. 2b V 3 amy st.
J. . ) - E RESTAURANT; MV « T sel L :
J_s_; iO. owner sick: great bargain. 26«,__>ear-
ny st. — —
G" OOD CHANCE FOR BLACKSMITH WITH
\jr small capital. Call 1271. Langton su
(_• 1 WILL BUY GOOD LOCATED SALOON.
<_? 1 UU Inquire liquorstore. 7!».) Missions!.
n RO'JERY AND BAR AT BARGAIN; RENT
\X 15. 123 Silver st. . .
I RST-CL ASSIfKST All A NT ; good i-oca-
X tiou 011 Kearny su : cheap. Apply th s __ _— — -
RESTAURANT WORTH $600 FOB »300; DO-
Xt Ing good business. 206 Ellis st.
T7IOR SALE-DRCgStORK IN CITY; CHOICE
X I location; $3500. Drugs, box 19. Call.
-LICACY, BRANCH BAKERY^ AND NO-
LI tion-store; good business. Apply Call Office. _
C ,OO' CANDY-STORE. WITH SODA
& __€>. fountain, 6 icecream heufcers, 2 stc^e,,
candy kettle shelves, counters. stock of candy,
Übles, chairs: c" IUCKOK, 873^ Market s, .__
\ LB-\NY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
.A NE.OOV. Everett St., for sale.
A WHOLESALE AND o BETAIL
A llquor-hou-e: $3600. A. V.. box 129, Call.
IVEN AWAY; FINE RESTAURANT; GOOD
\X business; on account of departure. 803 1 /.
Third st. _^ — -
™>R SALE-A CENTRALLY LOCATED FA M-
X ilvliauor-gtore: living-rooms attached; rent !j.4U.
Inqn'irVwiCHMAN LUTOEN 4 CO., 318 Clay.
nHANCE IN A LIFETIME; BLACKSMITH
1 \J and wood working business: must be fold at
any price. Address B. >.. box 11, call.
■PORKKKT,' UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
1^ ite House," Folsom, Cal., a --story frame hotel,
containing par or. .room, barroom, kitchen
and 2. bedrooms: In rei»air and line location:
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
oftered. Address LO I IS KLUMPP, I-olsom. Cal.
I mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
I 1. County. Occidental Hotel »\ lrt . bar: rent $.5.
! Apply C. DLCKER or F. PRITCUARD, 12 Mar-
j ket st.
, DEBTAURANT: CHEAP: CASH TRADE;
• XV selling on account sickness. Inquire 1136 or
3281 Mission.
ffl?l -rv A SNAP: MUST BE SOLD; BRANCH
♦U?10U. bakery, notions, candles: good trade;
j flue location: good living-room*. Apply 110 Blxtn.
nOR SALE-FINE CHICKEN RANCH AND
X stock, rent $12. GKO. I'ILTZ, cor. Berlin and
j Barrow sts., San Brnnoroad.
pARRIAUE "AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
\j business; 17 years in game block. App»y 'his
! office. v_
.i.IIU, SALOON; BUSINESS PART OF
«_sl _.U", city; good day trade: finely luted up.
Apply E. A. KOLB, «a Montgomery st.
CIRNJ i: GRO4 i RY" AND BAR - WKLT,
stocked: splendid location: other business
! cause of sale. »1 cor. Fifteenth and Castro St*.
I V»r ANTED— PARTNERTfO _N ABLE OWNER
I li tocarryon further developments inaquarts
mine: large vein: free water and every facility for
working; the property will stand the closest inves-
tigation. ' Address Owner, box 17, Call Office.
(ft OCA CORN! GROCERY AND BAR:
i>»'i<)\t. Western Addition; line fixtures; good
location; bargain; no agents. Address T. W., box
67, this.omce.
rp_TjflNG BUSINESS FOR SALE; 10 HORSES
land 5 lumber wagons with pood trade; will be
sold cheap: part c.sii. iIcEWEN BROS, 118
Montgomery st.
i WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
-_ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
fF^Y^l'wA^rr^onpELL OB BVY A LODG-
-1 Ing-house quick see T. LIBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue.
CM rJUI OR LESS — 25-ROOM. CORN
1)"" house.
10-room house, worth $1000: price $400
I 40 rooms: fine for trauscleut 700
I 20 rooms on Fourth su, only 60)
: 16 rooms on Taylor st 75'J
I 45 rooms on Market st 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Cjocrv ROOMING HOUSK: 9 ROOMS: AL-
«_?—*-''-'. ways full : goo.l location: nice house;
central: greai'bargain. STANLEY, 21V. Third su
QI7K CORNER HOUSE: 12 WELL-FUR~
»_-«-' '-'• nished rooms: always full: pays well;
great bargain if sold this week. I" S STRAND,
45 Third st. - • - -
T ODGING-HOUSE; 7 NEATL\ FURNISHED
XJ rooms: bath; will be sold cheap. 417 Minna.
WELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 57-ROOM LODG-
'' ing-housa; good location. 613 Mission st.
<-.in NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE,
; _)__OU. 9 rooms; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st.
9c FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION;
— ' cheap rent: low price, uro.-pry, 40 sixth «<t.
KUKNITUKE FOB SALK.
I?VH^^VB^Ti]^i3-ROOSI HOUSE";" KENT
moderate and paid to May 28. Apply 47 Te-
hama st. '
Xi'URNITURE OF 8-ROOM FLAT, IN WHOLE
X or part; CO dealers. 112 Eighth st.
I ATI. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
I .n lowest prices on household goods, new or good
i as new; cash or time: open evenings.
TIRE SALE ! ~ '
, X 1 Prices bUDd till koo_4 are completely dlj.
I posed of.
i Oak bed sets _<> -_■_
Bed lounges .^^":^Y^::'^^^"^".lul
Stoves ; ::■.:::;;:;;;; 753
Carpets, per yard *.** """ 53
Linoleum, per yard fi ■•-•••-■-- 55
Matting, per yard ". 10
-, 1 "' o[i n;?, 6 * bull(lln ? >» meu&"lbiim 'price* win
«tana. 1111 such time we are conducting husiaeu
sl be. corner seventh and Mis-ion sts. J.
Tj I*. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BKD-"
XX. ding: new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
I ders, _0c per step: furniture exefaged. 773 Walton.
' 400 CAK^*-TS; CHAMBER SETS »uV
_in.K_!f OTes< «»: Jiarlor sets, $20: folding- bed.
: $10; bed-:ounges, $7. T. I). MCCARTHY 112 4;nu
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ""iTT
J nedlounges trimmed with Hush.".".* 5*553
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c nn
English Linoleum, laid. . loona
Window shades In s colors ..:. 250u0
bHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Muk.r.U."opM-M
or&nt avenpe: no br»ncq stores. «pp«»u«
ytTUNITURK wasted.
, A MALUNK Pays "- 0 I>K " CENT MORE
»*» 1 cise ' vh(irH lor furniture to fill country
I orders. Leave orders at KlN(^a. 8 Fourth *_
TF YOU WANT , GOOD PRICES FOR FURNir
- tore and merchandise seeBURD, _n Larkln.
BKFORE BELLING YOUR FURNII f "
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 MarkeL
C BASCH. 321 BOTTEB, WANTS FURNI-"
O. ture. saloons and merchapdise: highest price.
H Mayer buys your furxiturf
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jeisle 761.
pALL ON J. c MUTHER, 521 KEARNY IF
V.' you want highest ccsh price tor your furniture.
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of an" kind.
WKPKT CLEANING.
j riARfETs cle^anedThc"^ YXRiirrrffrsr
I KJ Tel. Jessie 944. _STRAfjON. in f:,^ 1 ?, 30
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor wont send to SPA ULDi N.V-, Pioneer Car-
j pet Beating Works, 353-67 lehama _L- trt.^4o.
riONKLIN'S CARPET EKATTn GIv O R w s Hit
Kj Golden Gate aye.; telephone euti".''^ i6i
TONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main oflice 25 and 27 81"
GREAT EASTERN' STEAM CARPKT C 1 v A V-
Vy ing Work,. Tel. So. 576M4 Bth ■ T . C^ A^-
V-^lln^ 38 Bth, EVENS, mirr. Tel. South 250
V^ ting, 38 tith. STEVENS, mgr . Tri. South 250.
( I «' AT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-'
R . PBTB IXKAKKO ANOKENOVATFD
___M|§iSM__HF
___Hg?T^Sal
T McQUEKN'S CARPKTBEATINO AND KKN'."
UOliSKsi
FOR SALE-THoIToUGHimEO irAMßTjT-
tonlanmare; fine trott.r (8:80 lln") s v h
; animal; perfectly KWI Ue and sound; good peai , re,-
" ; £" St "" 1 - f kESK? A
son;-, Pine st., bet. y an Ness and Franklin.
4f) HORSES FUR BALK; ALSO WAGONS
•iU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hnr«
Market. 3.7 Sixth '"• ; auction sales every Wedues-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 0') Si 5 ! 8 ski OND-HAKO iiarnessTall
JU" kinds; second-hand waeons. buggy earn-
also ZOcheapfrorse-. Fifteenth and "_?.-"■„
HORDES PASTURED; BEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
1 kKVIi NEW A * SIJ hKC.iXO-H IN,, Ha,;""
XOU ness: all kinds: wagons, buggies, horses* a
scrapers- eand-\vacons. 1128 Mission m. ■
T\H. C. H. WESTPHAL, VKTKKI.VAKY SCR-
U >.eon for 8. i. Police Department, office anil
hogpltal. 321 <'ltv Hal! aye.i i..i..i,,, n .p 1011 th 401.
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGES.
FFER WANTED ON $250 TOP RoXiTbug^
gy. 1620 Mission SU. ""
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERY, La UN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockawav
and '2 tine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
n ROOMS, BATH AND LADNDRY- frONT
1 and rear yarag; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
«sn P m^ViS??_.^ paint< * d - clean aDd attractive;
$30. DIM is 1 kh, 36 Glen Park aye. • •
929 «,« ° M '' NR. ELEVENTH-6 ROOMS,
tJ^itJ $ 16; uear City Hall. . . - ..
44*^7 TWENTIETH, NR. DIAMOND-NEW
rt -^ ltJ } house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry; low rent
to good tenant. Apply premises.
0 ™ ''i.£_!y. MS: MODERN" IMPROVE-
XX ments. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Oarfleld square.
L^, A .o!" D °" M hou «e cor: pine and
m^JT'" 0 «v 1" 8: 9 room hou 8 . -6 Franklin, near
Market, $38; reduced $12 each.
SKBO ?toVS E 8 ROOMS . BATH: MODERN.
tjpow. 1728 C!ay su. near Van Ness aye.
$45 781 BROADWAY . NR. GOUGHST.-
in»^.M*i. - 8 rooms, 'th every convenience
In hot air furnace and marine view.
VI T E RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
Mi.v^ a \,,V?° rl « ht - BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
I\JICELY FURNISHED MODERN HOUSE- 7
—^ rooms: marine view; rent $35. 2414 Polk sU
A LAMEDA-LARGE LOVELY OAR-
(i « e # : c vi w V bathing: suitable for fam-
ily or fashionable boarding. 1270 Webster st
J-'.ncinal x'ark station.
9Q PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM!
Z^ O ,^', % X lnK ' roolU ' bath, kitchen: all neces-
garies. 19 17 Geary su
SUNNY COTTAGE 6 ROOMS, BATH, FOR
the summer: rent 30. 206 Oak st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
9p7?^'B^H^u7fN^YnßA Y^w7N^O^V~COT^
.-iv/utage: 6 rooms: bath; basement; yard:
$25 to good tenant. - - . . '
3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: PLEASANTLY
*J situated in rear 1615 Grove st. ; rent $3. ■
OUNNY COTTAGES; 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
wj large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and Isth.
FLATS TO LET.
I^KNTTSIB-r PP Kll sr nn Y^FirAITTROoSIS
At and bath; hall and stairs carpeted. 1825 c
Howard st.
9,^ 1723 MCALLISTER, NR. BRODERICK;
_-c». 8 rooms and bath. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery at.
CIHEAPESTFLATIN TOWN; RENT $14; 4
\J sunny rooms and bath: all modern improve-
ments. 4628 Eighteenth st.
CUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH: ALL IM-
-0 provements; basement; cheap. 6S6a Nine-
teenth st.
$1Q REDUCED; UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
yjli'. bath; modern: sunny. 1902 McAllister.
ULAT, 6 ROOMS, $14: ALSO SUNNY COT-
_ tage, 4 rooms, $11. 629 Second st.
79QA GROVE— FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
1 ~4'J bath; large yard: light; sunny.
i'LAT; 6 ROOMS. 11 SOUTH BRODERICK
X St.: HaiKht-t. cars to Baker su
V ICE SMALL FLAT; 3 ROOMS: BATH. AP-
1\ ply 465 Jersey St.
I"~5OUR ROOMS AND BATH, NEWLY PAPER-
ed and painted throughout: on third floor: at-
tractive bouse and neighborhood; low rent;
$12 50; only quiet family without children.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
"VTEW SUNNY FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
j-> rent cheap. 25a Lloyd st., bet. Scott and
lievisaaero. Waller and Ridley.
&1J FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
C X _-. Sanchez St., cor. Klghteenth.
1 Ql A EDDY, NR "S 1 ITT— « SUNNY ROOMS
lulu and bath: up to-date upper flat.
Ol 1 FLAT. 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. 515
OH- Thirteenth st., bet. Market and Guerrero.
UNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
0 modern Improvements; reasonable. .6.8
Washington st.
AND ft ROOMS; BATH; fll, $12, $13;
electric lines. 4585 Eighteenth sU
UNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; $13 and $18. 1706 Post.
HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH— UPPER
floor 5 sunny rooms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
1 Qfi7 kteinerTnear SUTTER—
XOU I flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
1 OWER L AT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
JJ side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
r-o/'l MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
I — U'i modern improvements: rent reduced.
\V r ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
>> flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK _ CO.,
£02 Market St
I \V X RENT MANY FLA TH BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right. BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND. 10 .Montgomery sU
I~I""LKGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
J low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROO3IS.
_^^ 1 - -j.-.t.
. . Bryant Street. ( ,
A O(\ BRYANT— I. 2OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS,
4OU furnished for housekeeping.
i'.ush (Street.
Cnc BUSH— 2 NICELY FL HNIBHED BOOMS
\J_t ) tor housekpg; also 1 room for '2 gentlemen.
Clay Street.
IN A PRIVATE HOME; 6 OR 9 ROOMS PART-
X Iv furnished or unfurnished for housekeeping at
reasonable terms: separate entrance. Inquire at
15. 1 Clay su, 1 to 3 p. M.
Devisadcro Street.
1 9AQ DEVISADERO— PARLOR FLOOR OF
1--UO 5 rooms: furnished for housekeeping.
l.ddy street.
Q1 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOURE-
('II keeping rooms; splendid location; private.
Eighth' Street.
I EIGHTH-2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
X\'O keeping rooms; stationary tubs; range;
complete.
Ellis street.
Q9A ELLIS— FURNISHED PARLOR FLOOR,
OOU with convenience for light housekeeping:
$35; also 2 unfurnished room*
1 iisii Street.
AC)QI FIFTH — SUNNY BEDROOM AND
t— ' i kitchen; furnished complete for bouse-
iteeplng; water In the kitchen.
iiiUoiii Street.
1 A/JOa IOI.suM- 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X\JrtO nished for housekeeping: $10.
deary tit eet.-
-91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED
— <X I 8 housekeeping room; rent $7: key at 217.
1. ohk-ii date Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
tjQO nished houseketplng rooms: bath.
Guerrero Street.
1 1 A Q GUERRERO, NR. TWENTY-FOURTH
1 1 Hl ') —Sunny suite of rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping; $15. -
Howard Street.
qq'l HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING AND
1/002 single rooms: rent reasonable.
IAI HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
1 U.I O rooms, suites or single, for housekeeping;
rent reasonable. ■ ■ ■
iii 9 HOWARD-2 FRONT SUNNY BAY-
!!„ window housekeeping rooms: range: $16.
OOR 4 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING;
0 cheap. 1806 Howard St.
McAllister Street.
Af\ MCALLISTER — FRONT SUNNY AND
— U housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
.Minna street.
QQ-l MINNA. COR. FOURTH— 2 KURNISITF.n
-iOX housekeepg. rooms, very cheap: also single.
aiirth-.nii street.
Ql 7 MISSION— NICE SUNNY FUR.VISIIED
01 I rooms: bath; all conveniences.
OOQ MISSION— LARGE ROOMS. EVERY-
COO thing furnished, 8; also housekeeping
basement, $8.
ni).)j MISSION— COMPLETELY FURNISH-
-OJJO3 ed bedroom and kitchen, porch, other
rooms.
OK.I MISSION — 1 OR '2 SUNNY ROOMS FUH-
OOX. nished complete for housekeeping; private.
10-1 MIsSIOX. COR. NINTH —3~ FU R-
x£OX ni&lied housekteplng rooms; $12.
O'tarrell Street.
QOO O'FARRELL— FURNISHED PARLOR,
C_O floor; housekgep'g; reasonable; call 9 to 12.
Fage Street.
loin* PAGE— 3 UNFURNISHED house-
X OlUa keeping rooms, with bath; »7.
I>oik Street.
m O POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
»* 1 O sunny parlor bay-window alcove, with
kitchen for housekeeping complete; new carpets
and furniture: gasstoVe; bath: also tinted single.
101 (1 POLK, NEAR SUTTKR — UNFUR-
±£iXU 11 1 abed double parlors and kl.chen.
I iiih Street.
m 81 XTn— CHEAPEST IN TFIK CITY;
cozy housekeeping and other rooms. •
Seventh street. .
TOO SEVENTH-SONNY..- FRONT CORNER
100 room for housekeeping: rent cheap.
T~f<-) SKVP NTH-SUNNY FRONT 'SUITES;
1 I IJL also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Stockton Street.
-1 Qi)f\ STOCKTON — 2 OR S NICE BUNNY
1 0--" rooms complete for housekeeping; cheap.
1 7AQ STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X lUD nished complete for hkpg. ; cheap rent.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Tohanui Street.
AC r T E HA M A - NICELY FURNISHED
riOO housekeeping rooms and oath. ■
Tenth street.
JQI TENTH-NICE SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
lui nished for housekeeping: rent $9.
Thirteenth Street.
OOP THIRTEENTH, BET. VALENCIA AND
010 Mission— 2 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping: with large porch, separate; $10.
Twenty-sixth Street.
n~l TWENTY-SIXTH. NEAR MISSION-
XXO2 Nicely furnished large sunny housekeep-
ing suites: $9 to $ 12. *"
■ Van >es« Avenue.
QO/\ VAN NESS AYE.-NEWLY FUR-
O£\J nished housekeeping rooms; corner bouse.
1 Af\d VAN NESS ELEGANTLY FUR-
JL_UO nished parlor floor with kitchen; use of
piano.
~~~~~ " ROOMS TO LET. ~~
California Street.
OCQ-l CALIFORNIA BT. — 3 ELEGANTLY
— «JO 1 furnished rooms and bath cheap.
l-.dtlv Street.
C 1 C EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
OX O private family; gentlemen only.
C Qfk EDDY —DOUB LE SUNNY FRONT
OOVJ rooms; grate; $7 a month.
(*1 Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
UXt7 front room; large closet: reasonable.
I. it'' Hi ->tr«et. •
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 su. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE R.
X ART. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished ; elevator; hot _ cold water.
HL_B,-« COR. LARKIN -SUNN V FUj*-
UtJU nished front room, with kitchen. ■
——————
Jt'lfth street.
1 TO FIFTH — FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS,
XOJj $8 and $10; also single rooms. $6.
I' ul ton Street.
1 CHO FULTON.NEARTIIE PARK-NICELY
1 OV\J furnished sunny front rooms In private
family. , ,
oi'xrv Sireot.
91 Q GEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, BUIT
-CiXO able for business. Key 217.
090 GEARY. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
O--O Sunny furnished rooms.
609 GEARY — -NNY~ ROOM; PRIVATE
OO^J family.
rpilE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, 10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Vaa Ness aye.
. tioiiien (>«!<• Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY DOUBLE
_- 1 is front room; also nice single.
liuyea Street.
OfJQ HAVES— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW PAR-
iJ\JO lor and kitchen: unfurnished; use of bath.
Hermann Street.
OE HERMANN ST.. NEAR VALENCIA— 1
_dO or two rooms: nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; (.-as and bath.
Howarrl Street.
m HOWARD — SUNNY PARLORS AND
housekeeping rooms: cheep.
9Qa HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FUR~-
— O nlsbei room, large closet, bath, suitable
for one person. $6 per month; none but quiet, sober
people need apply.
'l 9^il Howard — Large sunny BAY-
J--JWT window room, with grate; also single
room; $6; every convenience.
done* street.
117 JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
J. J- I sunny room: private: $12.
907 .'ONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NKW
-<■' I management: elegant sunny suites and
.Ingle; newly furnished; bath, etc.: *10 to *:>i(.
i- t-.irnv Street..
A BLIJJGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
-t— ant sunny room*, en suite and single: first clan
;n < very respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin street.
mrr LARKIN— HALL ROOM TO RENT
• »rith private family; references.
Leaven worth Street.
91 (* LEAVENWORTH— FrtONT
— ID and back parlor for two gentlemen; cheap;
private family.
Linden Avenue. . .
OQI LINDEN AYE.. 81-.T FRANKLIN AND
.— l/2 Van Ness— Furnished rooms to let from
$4 up.
. -Market -.tree..
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
X night, 85c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $5: families.
1 '-ii"? A MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
IOUi. sunny suites: $15 up; also honsekeeping.
31 in ;i street.
AQI MINNA— GOOD CHEAP BOOM WITH
-OL bath.
MlSHlon street.
Ql X MISSION-NICK FRONT SINGLE FUR-
OX O nished rooms: $1 25 and $1 60 a week.
n.l' MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
O— 1 ) ny rooms, with or without board.
UROPK hdliK, 1165* MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
-1 990 MISSION — ONE OR TWO LARGE
I _-_. i— furnished rooms tor light housekeeping.
<<i .. . n-ii Mrcet.
(Tgr)?; ROOM FOR $15, FIRST FLOOR, ELE-
»3>— •) vator. gas and electric light, slo redaction,
by inquiring at room 2, same floor, 20 O'Farrell st.
folk Street.
1 IDO POLK— ST. HELENS BUILDING—
I 1 •'!•"> Furnished and unfurnished sunny front
rooms: rent low. •
I owell Street.
n{\(>A POWELL— RIGHT IN TOWN; LARGE
DUO front room; suitable for 2 men.
Seventh Si reel.
m SEVENTH— SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS
with or wltljout use of kitchen.
MxthMreet.
1 1 Q SIXTH (THE SARATOGA) — NEWLY
I IO furnished house of 90 rooms: single rooms,
$1 60 to $6 per week : suites. 50c to $1 per day.
Stevenson Street.
BTEVENSON.NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
'■X&.O large rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton Street.
1 Ql A STOCKTON*— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
xOl"i single ; en suite : also doctor omc«; cheap.
Taylor Street.
-1 HO TAYLOR- SUNNY LARGE ROOMS;
IUtJ closet, water; %'i a week; double parlors,
cheap.
Turk Street.
ii/i TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY BUITE;
J IO newly fnrnlshed: single; with convenient
ces: board optional.
BOARDING AND K _°._°_ M ' S '
7/\Q b'FARRELI^ctJfANGED'nXN7)sTEXE~
I UO caul rooms en suite or single: first-class
board.
n 1 9 POST— ROOM AND BOARD AND NICE
i i — large room for 2 young men, $20 a month; ,
board without room. $16: good home coo. lag.
1 A til VAN NESS AYE.-A SUNNY SUITE :
1 _U1 single rooms, with good board.
"vfICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
XI passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day: $2, $2 60, $3 per wtwk and up; $8 to
»30 mo. llackmeler's Hotel. GEO.ORUENIO, Pr.
BST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmelers Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOT I 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIQ. pro-
prietor; board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTKITIIK RTLINU, 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ir'i convent*!" •'•<■ |
~~ STORKS TO LET. — -
S'*~T_R_'" AND 3 itOOMS^ vV-Tl - Li(jitTED
and sunny^rent $16: 1609 a Howard st. Apply
to P.C. M ALLOY, IHB Montgomery st.
INE STORE: 9 ROOMS; REFUTED; RENT
reduced. 616 Sacramento, near Montgomery.
TORE TO LET— COR. SIERRA AND KEN-
tucky gts.; gooa location for any business. •
EDUCED $27 50 to $22 50, BTORE, 3 ROOMS
and bath; good location for a candy or bakery.
2506 Sutter »i.
ofrifin to ljjt.
QQQ MARKET. OPP. MASON-LOFTS OF
«;•)«) various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. ■■
, ALIFORXIA HAFE deposit BUILDING—
I Offices $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. r * .
PRKCKKLS . BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $1. 60 up: electric-lljjht ;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
oru. H. I'MIISKN & CO., 14 Montgomery Bt. ■
_ HOTEL to LET*
OTEL TO LET-THE . WILHELM TELL
House, 317-319 Bush su; this well-known ho-
tel Is - thoroughly renovated, considerably im-
proved and compares with the best second-class
hotel in this town. M ADIbON _ BURKE.
MUSIC A- INSTRUMENTS.
fX MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— A LA ROE
<D*J size, new fine-tune upright; price $176. 418
Ellis St., room 22. , . ,
STEINWAY, $175; DECKER, $150; LADD, I
$60; tuning, repairing. BRI EN .VS. 228 Post, j
SOHMER, STECK. STEINWAY. STATHAM 1
second-hand upright scheap. 106 McAllister.
')A_l NEW FIRST-CLASS' UPRIGHT ON
<p— W. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth sU
ANNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALS OF
— — pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
QHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., ST 1 \V A V REP-
-0 rcsentatives, show the largest assortment of ,
pianos and organs In ~ the West; all grades and 1
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar- !
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
IJEFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', BUSH
■■ ' _ liens' and Euabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Steinway upright: perfect. 1359 Folsom st.
SHAW, $575: STEINWAY. $215; SQL' A RE, !
$-6; rented $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
<s_>O= PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ.
<_>OtJ. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money, investigate these 'prices and be con- j
vinced ; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five- I
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood i
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the nrire-winner guitar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 10;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 029 Market aU, Sprock- :
el's building.
A RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
— — grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 8. Ninth st.
ONOVER PIANO: AS" UOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. Th. .*'. W. HPENCEU COM-
PANY, 838 Post st.
pHICKEKING.KNABE. STECK. VOSE. HTER-
\J ling pianos: see our now piano lor $187; piano*
;or renu BENJ. I'URTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrelt.
({• 17 r CASH QR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
(Jll 10, upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
BYRON MAI7Y, 308 POST SOHMER,
Newby A Evans. Brtggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
OH. Ml LLKI:. maker, fairer. 2 La- ham place.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
VOR SALK CHEAP— BS HORSEPOWER SIT-
X 1 ginc, bo ler, shafting, pulleys, etc. Apply W.
E. LEE, Twenty-fourth st- and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland.
BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS: ALL
makes: write for prices. Typewriter Ex-
change, 'MO California st.
pLOSINO OUT OF STOVES, TINWARE, ETC.;
\J small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
1 WOK MODEL. NEW WHEEL; $45 CASH.
XOUV 940 Folsom 3t.
SANDPAPER MACHINE. BUZZ PLANER,
rock breaker, 5 h-pow. boiler engine. 404 3d.
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
X Inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; llxl-1 and
12x16, 20c: 14x17, 2Bc; 16x20, SOc; 18x22, 35c;
20x24, 450; 22x28, 60c. JONES, 547 Mission St.
4'JXI MINNA ST.— 3OO POUNDS DYER'S
"003 weld, cheap; apparatus for steam baths,
with boiler on a stove, wine press and barrels; 60-
-gallon brew copper kettle with cooler, 10-gallon
copper still with worm.
"I 4-FOOT WINDMILL: TANKS 15,000 GAL-
-1" ions: frame 30 feet; pump pipes: also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10,000 gallons; pumps and
pipes. 1467 Seventh St.. West Oakland.
rOR SALE, CHEAP— A FIKST-CLASS BIL-
— Hard table, at basement 914 Market st.
rmioßo ugh brkd" enolTshTpug puppies,
- $16 each. 405 Geary su
T?OR SALE AT a bargain— uadwk.v
X I SWAIN gas-engine (4 horsepower), in perfect
order. Call at -07-209 Sacramento st., third floor.
GASOLINE ENGINE, 3-HORSEPOWER: IN
good condition; cheap. Address H. SAFFELI.,
908 M st., Fresno, or Inquire Call Office. ■
■yOCNG RATTER AND HUNTER PUPS
1 cheap. A. CASWELL, Eighteenth and Rail-
road aye.
piANO, $23; COW, $25; PANEL-TOP WAGON
X cheap. 814 Nineteenth, nr. Sanchez, aft. 6 p.m.
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; $80 TO $60. |
_ Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes si.
IRE-PROOF safe with burglar
chest; cheap. D. N. 11 AW LEY, 318 Market.
Boilkr*.engines,2T>Tland machinery;
waterpipes. Mclntosli „ Woipman, 137 Beale.
B~ ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
tit. California Rattan Co., 61 First at., nr. Mission
IJUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
--> doors, mantels, etc tor sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burger proof safe. 109. 11l Market ss.
"L I 6 AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X: press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
YEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
-> band. *'. a RAY Mfz Co- 12 California st.
nouxr.Ks, SHELVING. SHOW CASKS
VJ bought and -old 112iy_Market bou7taaod_f
MEDICAL,.
1 ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 210 Powell su; onlyqualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 rears' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the I
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St.. near Larkln. I
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment: !
neTer falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes th.-in sick to make them I
well: travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit |
the times; home in contiucaient. !)!{. _ MRS.
DA VIE*. 14 McAllister su. next Hlbernfa Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, p.
IADIKS— CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
{ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable v take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Cum-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. r'
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- !
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician tor all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day: :
helped at once: can be sent and nsed at home: all .
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. |
DML GOODWIN .MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day: cure or no charge; separate
home tor patients: best ■kill: medical attend-
nee; low lees; regulator, %'i. 1370 Market si.
SURKCUI'.E FOR aliTfemale diseases, |
0 from whatever cause: a home In conllnempnt
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk st.
RS. DR. WEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; Irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy su
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254 y a *">•
T ADIES — GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
XJ vents, safe, sure; pills do longer required; <
$1 60 per box. G. S. P. Co., 1031 MsrKetst.. S. F.
\\ll, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Xy__on««i. «>i*ea*es of women and children.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHKR'SCAKE.
MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
ALPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
jV. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger: i
cafe and sure; $- 50 express C. O. P.: don't delay i
until too late, OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Foil RAISING avd^^kn^
XT Urging a school building, for heating an 1
ventilating a school building, for building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets-— Scaled proposals will be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1896,
at 8:30 o'clock r. m., or raising and enlarging the '
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for heat- 1
la« and ventilating sail building: for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli- I
tan Grammar School, and constructing water
closets at the Coluinb a Grammar and Harrison 1
Primary schools, In accordance with plans .ml
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
theofflreof illAltl,i-.~ I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right '
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
qulrc. <■ E RHI It A \ 1 ON. Secretary.
1.1 «■ VI. NOTICES.
ETATrrMENT~NoT9r PROBATI-IN THE
XJ Superior Court in and for the city and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the estate of AN LACOSTE,
deceased, No. 17,239.
Notice Is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 15th
day of May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City Hail, in the City and
County of San Francisco, Mate of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JEAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
TH K' I'll ilk LACOSTK, for the issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon.
Datea April 30, A. D . 1898.
[seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. K. Nohthrop, Deputy Clerk.
P. ALEXANDRE BEROEROr, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker bullain*, San
Francisco. '
~~ physicians:
pEMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONXELL TO 1208
XL Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
OJN'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN. AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
SU3IMER RESORTS.
ESI R ABLE ROOM s 7 W ; ITH FIRST-CLASS
board, in San Mateo; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress Board, box 28. San Mateo.
; STABLES TO LET.
■DBAUTIFuX'Ia ROE . STABLE: 2414 CALI-
X> fornta st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
-1 do build lug. . . '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
171 OR SAL^3*rsii>E~6FT4R6vE^ST.7'l2Vwr
: of Baker; elegant new 3-story house of 3 Hats,
7 and 8 roopis in each: nearly finished; with all
the latest Improvements: marble stairs; electric
lishts: being just like a corner house, with grand
view of infill drive to ark; any one who want* to
make an investment should not fail to see it. The
owner. C. ZWIERLEIN, can be seen on premises.
CCBEMIS, ~
. Ki_L ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY »T.
FOR SALE.
32600-E. side of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
¥450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. '
$ 6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
paric: 25x137:6 feet; electric road parses houses;
make oiler.
2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st,
bet. First ana Fremont.
f 8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$SoO— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4US.3so, SW. cor. loth aye. and
25th St.: elegant- lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; "stable anJ car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer. ' ;
FOR SALE, JERSEY ST.. NEAR DOUGLASS;
X new cottage 5 large rooms, bath, attic, fine base-
ment, latest improvement: Vi block ironi electric-
cars. Apply WM. PLANT. JSE. cor. 24th and
Douglass.
AT A SACRIFICE-MODERN RESIDENCE
and 36-foot lot, cost $14,500: small cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devlsadero.
XCHANGE— 7SxIOO; ELEGANT 9- ROOM
house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable; splendid view; value $6000: mort-
gage $2000. SHADBURNE, owner, Hoffman
aye. and 25th St., San Francisco.
0 I I 'i\ RARE CHANCE FOR A Hi 1 1
«IP -I _«J U. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
50x50, Holly Park: small payments same as rent.
CADENA>SO «fc CO., 61- Montgomery sU
CO_»nn 50-FOOT front in western
iiJi^jQUV/. Addition: Improved; rents «_■; ptr
month. ASHTON & GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery St. •--■.-■.•
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
ft.; will subdivide;, cheap for cash; also SW.
20th and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
Q> 1 -{On COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 50x135:
%tpXG\J\J. in Berkeley, near station; payments
easy.
$1100— Cottage: 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135: $10 down; $5 monthly.
I'HAS. A. BAILEY, .0 Montgomery st.
\ )(\ PER LOT, 25x100: SAN BRUNO ROAD;
*;?** " 6y_ miles from Palace Hotel; patent title;
S. P. R. K. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property: 15 minutes distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
\IODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
-'• bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
"LOR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSK,
X just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
©1 PER WEEK: FRDITVALE TERMINAL
<*?i tract: tots $100. McCART V CO.. 646 Mkt.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
\\T E MAKE A SPECIALTY OF COUNTRY
*» lands, improved and unimproved, fruit and
chicken ranches, on easy terms; town lots;
ranches to exchange for Oakland and Alameda
property. Send your propositions to SHAKO it
RIBLET, Novato, Mario County; San Francisco
oflice, room 3, second floor, Mills building.
T/iOR SALE ATA SACRIFICE; BEAUTIFUL
X borne; a productive farm of 7" acres: fine resi-
dence orchard and vineyard c.t 18 acres: large
barn, windmills, etc.: situated In Ygnacio Valley,
Contra Costa County, near railroad station; must
be sold: will subdivide if necessary. WALTER
J. BARTNETT, 328 Montgomery si.
~<2»~Qor\n~":!0 acres vine fruit land,
C «-«- 21/2 miles from Napa.
— Improved fruit ranch near Martinez of
30 acres.
$1000— acres near Santa Rosa; 6-room house
and barn; fruit and vines.
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
FOR SALE— IN SAN RAFAEL. COTTAGE. 6
rooms; bath: lot 50x100. Apply 1523 Howard.
/CONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
MAWIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $76 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
QO AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
«JP O fences, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fail; good for stocK, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy; no snow; no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
<W?7X 10 ACHES SANDY LOAM SOIL ALL
tip \J I «J. planted to trees: 2 and 3 year old al-
monds of the best variety ; in the eastern fruit belt.
Contra Costa County; terms easy. Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antloch, Cal.
1 l)i\ ACRKS OR ANY PORTION: 2 HOURS'
XXjyj drive from city, suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price $100 per acre. ASHTON <fe
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
8 ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
orchard andrnnnfng stream: old improvements;
$3000. Address J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael.
SEND FOR OCR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
Q for sale. WOOSTEK * WHIiTON. San Joss.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: I3T
JU proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 8 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWINQ, bouoma
City. lDquir« CSS Market sU. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
97 C A BEST BARGAIN .^OAKLAND;
•IT— I O\J. a 10-room house: bath: stable and
lot £0x132. ALIEN _ KRONENBERG, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
<n»7.r.^ COT I' AGE AND LOT 50x100: WELL
«I> i OVI. located. ALDEN _ KRONENBERG.
902 Broadway, Oakland. ■
<B«1 WHAT IT WILL DO.
«STX. We are offering a few lots at half their
value In order to close out partnership affairs In
several tracts on terms of $1 cash, balance $1
weekly; this Is beyond any question the greatest
offer ever made in Oakland for desirable residence
property; electric cars, street graded, city water
and surrounded by handsome Improvements; call
at once and investigate for yourself; 20 lots sold
last week. LAYMANCE, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES DE>
_v firing to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alteration* or repairs; plans and
specifications furnlshod free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
H~OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes 10
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruit vale sta-
tion. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
2£^?r~Fii?irNTruT<E~TT^^
<J>OU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
LOTS— >RO^niofrTO^2o.'oob~^ T
t)\i\J 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0. 510,000
50 ranches, ail sizes, from $100 to 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda, $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
-5 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3.000
4 flats, lot 60x114. , 6,000
1 good lot in city 160
5 lots. Ocean view. 60x125 600
4 store*; 23 rooms; reniSH'o 25,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
1 SELL, AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property. .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth
MA C I NK~~S HO P~ WITH "" GOOD JOBBTnQ
and hardware business, In the East, for Cali-
fornia ranch property. Address W.. box 114, Call.
|'<> EXCHANGE— ROYAL BICYCLE, RODE
1 lew than 100 miles, for first-class typewriter.
Address, with particulars, V. lv, box 89, this office.
>)|)|) LAND IN MONTE KEY COUN-
£,\J\3 ty; will assume mortgage. A, box 8, Call.
EXCHANGE, RENT— MODERN COTTAGE,
lots, stable, chicken-house. 406 Bosworth.
1 OQn AG&Xa timber land, kern CO.;
I -UjUV-T watpr; fine for cattle-raising. K..bx.l6.CaU
MONET TO LOAN. —
A DVANCESONDIAMQNDS.JEWELftY.ETCt
-*"* Columbia l.o.i'i i Collateral Ofßce. 9 Grant aye.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
- to $0000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
NY AMOUNT: IST. _D or 3D MORTGAGE:!;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room) 2-3.
MONEY LOANED OX JEWELRY AND
other valuables at th« Security Loan Offlca,
HC6MarketBU.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
\l ' iUI'GAGKS. LOANS UN COLLATE RAS:
HI. low rates. fylvaln Salomon _ C 0. ,328 Montgy
I jIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low.
Interest. Km. 68, Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st.
Oil nn f\f\(\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
CIUII.UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. T0P-
L1T2. 330 Pine. -_
\y IO CAPITAL IN trust AT 6 PER cent;
-1-* the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
LO ANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107. 6 Eddy st
iST dc MORTGAGES! INTERESTS IN ES-
— itesMowost rate-:no <l-l iv.VltfllY H2SMrk'
_________________ _____
PAWNKItOKEKS.
T 128 KEARNY ~Bi\." ROOM 8-MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator; pledges for sal 1 cheap.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1435 PARK STREET.
**
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
<st'^nnn *-Room 4 cottagjb, * 50 CASH,
C- 11 ""- saoper month.
$2800-5-room cottage, $300 cash, $25 month.
$2750— 5- room collage, *_60 cash, $25 month.
$3000— 6-room house, $200 cash, $25 month.
$4000— 7-room house, $600 cash, $25 month.
All modern houses, on improved streets and
convenient to trains. Have also a few magnificent
homes at reduced prices ami on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1364 Park St.,
Alameda.
A I ARCUSE & MMr 1. CONTRACTORS
l'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$.200—825 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage. •
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450— 525 cash, $22 50 monthly : 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $-5 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
$3000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage: 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to bo built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up. .
Open Sundays arid holidays.
"VTEW COTTAGE: 6 LARGE ROOMS; ALL
— ) improvements and street work: $250: $30
per month. J. H. YOUNG, . 1243 Park St., Ala-
meda. ..:.<•." ■ .■ "
TpOR SALE. ~~ '
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house: modern In every respect; 9
rooms and bath; between broad and harrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Aiameda; for sale
at bargain; terms easy; also new cottages on in-
stallments in desirable locations
W. if. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park at.
<C 1 7^O MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
O ■•• I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736. ■
$3600— NE. cor. : new; 6 rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.: $250 cash. $30 a month. No. 735.
83100— $100 cash, $25 a month; tine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— snap; $15» cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 762.
$3500— New-modern --story; 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL _ CO.. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
MEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
X' rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park. St.: lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; buH pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, ad lam
sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORUK
i 5. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
■ easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms;- from $2000 up;
$j 50 cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, arch
lect anil builder. 1503 Seventh St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO KENT— COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS; ALL
modern improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth st., bet. Mastlck and
Enclnal station, Alameda.
rriiM s~H ErT 6-ROOiI MODERN COTTAGE
j -T to let; fine place; close to electric-cars and rail-
I road station; rent low to responsible party. 1437
McPheraon or Ninth St., near Mastlck station.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
Vr~ic_r COTTAGE-LOT 100x130, WITH ] 00
Xi chickens; reasonable; easy terms. tilOV.
Eleventh st., S. F.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FiOR RENT— AN ELEgXnt'r^sTdENCE'oF
12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fralt and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WUBT3,
Dwlght-way station.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed:
Louisa Franginelli against Antonio FrangineUl.
Etta M. Hawley against Eugene W. Hawley.
— MARRIAGES — DEATHS."
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. . They must be banded in ac
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persona authorized
to have the same published.. .
BORN.
FREETHY— In this city, May 5, 1896, totne
wife of George W. Freethy, a daughter.
H AREN— In this city, April 7, 1896, to the wife of
S. Ilaren, a daughter.
HOFMANN— In Berkeley, May 7, 1896, to the
wife of R. H. Uofmann, a daughter.
KELLY— To the wife of John W. Kelly, a son.
SCHLAM— In this city. May S, 1896, to the wife of
Oscar A. Soli dm. a son.
_ _ __ _-___
DIED.
Alexander, Oliver A. Kelly, Mattle C.
Andrews, Alexander Leach, Edward
Brady, Maymie L. Marquardi. Fred
Bryant, Mamie O'Brien, Annie B.
Freethy, (Infant) • Olsen, Samuel
Kearns, John Olsen, Anita
Williams. Benjamin F.
ALEXANDER— In this city. May 8, 1896. Oliver
A., beloved son of Julius and Alice Alexander,
and brother of Brightie Alexander, a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 8 years 6 months and 7
days. -.•
JKTFrlends and acquaintances ar« r»sn»et-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his narents, 118 Ash avenue, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
ANDREWS— In this city. May 5. .1893. Alexan-
der, dearly beloved husband of Louisa Andrews,
and father of Mrs. A. H. Ahiborn, W. C. Hamp-
ton and JoseDh, Lewis, Alex, Elizabeth, Ida and
Lottie Andrews, a native of Ireland, aged 56
years.
BRADY— In this city, May 8, 1896. Maymia
Louise, beloved wife of Tecumseh Brady, and
mother of Tecumseh and Milton Brady, daugn-
ter of the late Anna Louise and Christian Dohs,
and sister of Addie and Donnie Dohs, a native of
Los An-e'es. aced 26 years 3 months and 8 days.
A member of Piedmont Circle No. 164, C O. F.
of A. O. K.
tftr Friends and acquaintances and members of
circle are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), st 2:30 o'clock
p.m. .from her late residence, 309 Francisco
street, between Powell and Mason. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRYANT— In this city. May 8.1896. Mamie, be-
loved wife of N. J. Bryant of Seattle, and daugh-
ter of Thomas and the late Mary Gibson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
JO-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence of her aunt, Mrs. James Smith, 642 Fol-
som street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
. services. Interment private at Mount Cavalry
Cemetery.
FREETHY— In this city. May 5, 1896. infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George W. Freethy.
KEARNS— In this city. May 8. 1896, John, infant
son or Bartley and Margaret Kearns, a native of
san Francisco, aged 4 days.
KELLY— In this city. May 8. 1896, Mattle C, be-
loved wife of John W., and mother of Grade M.
and John Kellji, and daughter of Joseph and
the late Catherine Cantrell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 6 months and 10 days.
_TS"Frlends and acquaintances are re*D«ct-
fnlly Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 717 Army street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for " services. Interment Holy Cross
, Cemetery.
LEACH— In this city. May B. 1896, Edward Leach,
beloved husband of Josephine Leach, a native of
. England, aged 50 years and 6 months.
Friends ana acquaintances are r-?*neoc.-
-folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from Alcazar
building. 116 O'F-rretl street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
K. of H.— Yerba Yuena Lodge No. 17S8. K. or H. :
Members will assemble at lodgeroom. Alcazar
building, TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock >. v., to attend the funeral of Brother K.
' Leach. Services at 1 o'clock p. if. at lodgeroom.
D. F. CAMERON, Dictator.
R. H. Noßi.it, Reporter. ,
MARQUARDT— In this city. May 6, 1898, Fred
Marquardu an ex-Union soldier, a native of
Germany, aged 64 years.
j&_TKemalns at the parlors of A. W.Martin
A Co.. 118 Geary street.
O'BRIEN— In this city, May 8. 1893, Annie Bell
beloved wife of Alexander O'Brien, and daughter
of Mary Jane Campbell, a native of Illinois, aged
27 years and & months.
43rNo;iceof funeral hereafter. ■
OLSEN— In this city. May 8, 1896. Samuel Olsen
beloved brother of Otto and the late Mark Olsen,
a native of Norway, aged 29 years.
OLSEN— In this city. May 7. 1896. Anita Olsen,
a native or California, aged 39 years.
WILLIAMS-In this city, May 5. 1898, Benjamin
Franklin William*, beloved husband of Kate T. 1
and father of F. D. Williams, a native of Wllkes
Barre, Lurerne County, Pennsylvania, aged 67
ye»M 3 months and 5 days. [Wllkes Barre
papers please copy,J . . . .■ .■:
jfT'Frlends ana acquaintances are remect-
fuily Invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. _.. from hie late
residence, Pennsylvania Hotel, 226 Michigan
street. Potrero, ■ funeral to connect with the 1
o'clock p. m. creek route ferry for Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. ■■
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-cla-i Funerals
r . . at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st. .
MCAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. f_
1516
BURGLARS WHO
STUCK AT NOTHING.
Robbed, Drugged and At
tempted Arson in One
House.
MUCH LOOT SECURED.
Holes Cut in Outside Doors and
Every Sign of Desperate
Workers.
THE POLICE ARE NOTIFIED.
A. Schmitt's Residence on Buchanan
Street Daringly Entered by
Unknown Thieves.
A daring burglary was committed at the
residence of August Schmitt. 1719 Bu
chanan street, on last Thursday evening,
between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock.
Entry was made by the burglars cutting
two holes in the lattice door which leads
into an alleyway between 1719 and 1717
The Lattice-Door Cut Through by the
Burglars.
Buchanan street, the bouse adjoining the
one burglarized. Tne necessity of cutting
the two holes in the door is accounted for
by the fact that in addition to the usual
lock which is generally used upon such
doors there was on this one a bolt a few
inches above the lock. The thieves after
having cut the first hole and shooting the
lock bolt back found that they could not
gain an entrance by reason of the bolt.
Consequently it was found necessary to
cut another, which was done, and the bolt
removed. From here an entrance into the
yard was gained and access obtained to
the back porch, where the kitchen window
was forced open by being pried with a
jimmy from the lower sill, where an in
dentation was left by forcing the iron,
under the window-frame.
Througn this window an entry was
made, when the kitchen door was un
locked, through which a fret passage into
the house was made easy.
The thieves evidently lost no time in set
ting about their work, with an evident de
termination to gut the premises and after
ward set it on tire. This was made mani
fest by their having removed the burners
on the gas gets in the dining-room and
turning on the gas in full force. The gas
-had been ignited, permitting the flame to
reach the ceiling, when the paper would
easily catcb lire and in time spread to the
woodwork and consume the entire build
ing.
Beyond all this an attempt to take the
life of August Schmitt, the proprietor,
whom' the burglars had chloroformed in
his bed while asleep, adds to the crime a
much darker hue and toes to show that
neither life or property baa" any value in
the estimation of the vagabonds who en
tered Mr. Schmitt's house.
The time of the burglary is accounted
for by tne movements of the family during
the early part of the evening. Martin
t-chmitt and his sister Miss Erstine, son
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Schmitt,
had gone to a party, leaving their father
. and mother at. home. Eugene, a younger
son, was attending ; to his father's wine
store, on Montgomery street, near Clay.
About 8:30 o'clock Mrs. Schmitt went
across Buchanan street to visit a friend's
bouse, and Mr. Schmitt went to bed about
9 o'clock. One hour later Eugene re
turned home from the store, and on his
arrival at the house he found that while
his key would revolve the bolt in the door-
irarw TO-DAY.
I \ I COMFORTINGI
■ Far Tired, Aching, Irritated Feet ism I
■ warm bath with SOAP 1
CUTICURA SOAP 1
■ and a gentle anointing with CUTI. flpjjfl
■ CUR A (ointment), the great skin cure. #!|£i
gsn Tbie treatment allays itcliinz and Irrl- JzSD
j|Ki Utloc, euothrs inflammation andJHH
Pig* painful gwellicps of lie joint*., soft- fl^H
URgta en»bHr<l. roughened skin, and purl- SHH
the perspiration. fllPafl
fnEgSaßold throughout the werld. rorrtK HE
rsgytP»co * Chkm. Cocr., rrofx., Boston. mm
lock s r et the door would not open. This
unusual circumstance, together with the
fact that all the rooms in the house were
lighted up with a full head of gas, in
cluding the dining-room, caused him to
wonder what was the matter.
After repeatedly trying bis key and find
ing that he could not enter be kicked on
the door three or four times. This no
doubt surprised the thieves at their work,
as he heard from his position on the out
side what he considered the footsteps of
two persons running down the carpeted
stairs. But as tbe door was not opened
by those on the inside he renewed the
noise and at the same time called loudly
for ii is father.
After a while a response was heard on
the inside and Schmitt Sr. came down
stairs and, by removing a heavy parlor
chair which had been placed against the
door with the back securely placed under
the doorknob, he let his son in. No sooner
had he gained an entrance than he be
came convinced that something wns
wrong. His father was in a dazed condi
tion and Had found his way downstairs in
a sort of a mechanical way without being
able to comprehend the situation.
An examination of the house by young
Schmitt soon convinced him that burglars
bail been at work. Every room in the
building had been visited ana bureau
drawer* were emptied and the contents
strewn npon the carpets.
A satchel which was hanging in a closet
in his mother's bedroom was taken out
and cut from Bide to side with a knife and
a purse containing quite a sum of money
was taken and the satchel then thrown to
one side. The cutting of the leather was
necessary to get at tne contents as it had
been locked.
In Mr. Schmitt's sister's room every
piece of jewelry that belonged to her, ex
cept what she had on her person, was
missing. An examination of the dining
room showed the evil intentions of the in
truders where they had removed the burn
ers of the gas jets and permitted the
flames to reach the paper ceiling, which
would in a short time prove disastrous.
After taking a hasty survey of the depre
dations committed Eugene tried to get
some account of the whereabouts of his
mother and other members of his family,
but any attempt to gain this information
from his father was futile, as that individ
ual had no recollection of what occurred
and hardly knew where he was or with
whom he was conversing. It was quite
evident that He had been chloroformed by
the burglars when they entered the room
where he was in bed.
The police were notified by telephone
and Officer Clancy soon put in an appear
ance and took a survey of the premises,
leaving the usual caution not to give any
information to the press, an injunction
which in part was tried to be observed by
Martin Schmitt, who when seen last night
by a Call representative said: "It was
simply nothing."
When asked if he considered a burglary,
an attempt to burn the bouse and the
chloroforming of his father as nothing, he
shrugged his shoulders and only an
swered: "Well, we don't wish any no
toriety."
By an oversight the thieves failed to
find a gold watch belonging to Mrs.
Schmitt, which she values very highly.
She accidentally left it on the mantel
piece, under a mat, concealed from view.
It is supposed that an exit was made in
the samo manner as had been the entry,
as no signs could be found of the thieves
having got away over the back fences.
This is not the first crime that has been
committed in tuis locality within a short
period. The house adjoining Mr. Schmitt's
— 1721 — was entered about two months ago
in a similar manner as was its neighbor on
Thursday night, and the premises ran
sacked from top to bottom.
STANDS BY SPRECKELS.
Republican Executive Council on
McKinley, the Platform and
Suffrage.
The Council Will Have Permanent
Headquarters and Boom Organi
zation Work.
The Republican Executive Council held a
comparatively brief but an important and
spirited regular meeting in Judge Bahrs'
courtroom last evening under the guid
ance of President M. Cooney and Secre
tary Oscar Tolle.
The couucil made three declarations on
motion of S. M. Williams, all of which
were adopted with applause, especially the
first one, which was as follows:
The Hon. William McKinley of Ohio is the
choice of the Republican Executive Council of
Californi* for President of the United States,
and in the event of hin nomination the council
shall u-e all legitimate means and make all
honorable efforts tor his election.
The other expressions which were put in
the form of declarations rather than reso
lutions were as follows:
The council heartily approves the platform
of principles adopted by the Republican State
Convention recently held in the City of
Sacramento.
The Women's Republican State Central Club
of California is entitled to much credit for the
work performed in the interest of universal
suffrage in this State.
Then the following resolution was
adopted with hearty applause:
Resolved. That this council has the utmost
and abiding confidence in the action of John
D. SpreckeU as the foremost, leader of the
Republican party in this City and County.
The council will favor regular and per
manent headquarters. Last evening Oscar
Tolle, chairman of the committee on head
quarters, reported progress and the com
mittee was given until the next meeting,
by which time a selection will be made.
The Supreme Court building and two or
three other central locations are under
consideration.
The Republican Executive Council, as
most Republicans know, is composed of
two delegates from the affiliated clubs.
The council now ha 9 perfected the organi
zation of clubs in all of the Assembly dis
tricts of the City, and clubs in Oakland,
Aiameda and Sacramento are represented
in it. From now on the work of organiza
tion will proceed steadily throughout the
State, and when the National campaign
opens after the St. Louis Convention the
organization will proceed to whoop things
up.
WHITE LOTUS DAY.
Celebrated by a Pretty Service of Song
and Speech by the TheosophiaU.
White Lotus day was celebrated by the
Theosophical Society last evening with a
beautiful memorial service at Native Sons
Hall. Following was the programme:
Piabo solo, "Marches Militaires." Nos. 1 and
2 (Schubert), Miss Alice Winnnt; introductory
remarks, Dr. \v. \v. Gamble; soio, 'Flower
Muy Hide Its Lovely Face" (O8gocd), Robert
Madden; reading, selection from the "Una
savatGita," Mrs. M. M. Thirds; address, Dr
J. A. Anderson; quartet, "The Harmonious
Blacksmith" (Handel), Mr.«. Rogers. Missbpen
<tr, Messrs. Gay and Jones; read lug. selection
from the "Lixht of Asia," Dr. Allen Grillitlis;
vocil Kolo, selected. Miss Spencer: address
Mrs. Harris; quartet, "Homeward" (Leslie),
Miss Spencer, Mtb. Rogers, Messrs. Gay ana
Jones.
The celebration took place in Shama
Hall of the Native Sons building and it
was crowded.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1896.
PROMOTIONS IN THE ARMY
The New Salvation Commander
Advances Several of His
Officers.
THEY ARE TO START A FARM.
Interview With the Mayor's Secre
tary, Taylor Rogers, Concern
ing the Matter.
Commander and Mrs. Booth-Tucker, the
consul, accompanied by Major Lewis and
Major No.'an, left last evening for the
north — Portland, Tacoraa and Seattle.
They expect to be in New York not later
than two weefcs from date.
They go away well satisfied wiih the
Salvation Army of the Pacific Coast, as
well as with their own labors here.
Despite the continued illness of the con
sul and the hurry of the commander inci
dent to the brevity of his visit they have
accomplished much. These handicapping
circumstances submerged them with busi
ness. They have successfully wrestled
with it and have gone away to other fields
with the jubilant consciousness that their
soldiers are loyal and tiiat their officers
are steadfast and may be trusted to push
the work with renewed enercy.
Yesterday morning the commander and
consul held a meeting with the officers
ana they came away especially pleased
with it, with the enthusiastic assurances
Commander and Consul Booth-Tucker, Whose Visit to the Coast Has Given a New Impulse to Salvation
Army Affairs.
[From sketcha made by a "Call" artist.]
of support from them. The consul was in
better form than at any other time since
cominp to the coast, while the commander
was at his very best.
A number of promotions among the field
and staff oilicers were announced and each
was greeted with volley after volley of hal
lelujahs. The promotions were as follows:
Staff Captain William Mclntyre to be major.
Adjutant Sam Wood to be staff captain.
Knsißii J. K. McFee to be adjutuiu.
• Hj.iii.iti Bill Day to be <-iibign.
Captain W. C. Bourn to b>- ensign.
Captain William Campbell to bi" **nsign.
Captain Charles Taylor to be ensign.
Captain Manhart to be eusigu.
Captain May Sprague to be ensign.
Captain May Dreis to be ensign, i
George S. Montgomery to be captain.'
Lieutenant May Ncuman to be captain.
Lieutenant Minnie W ise to be captain.
These are the first promotions made in
the army in the United States since the
Boott»-Tuckers took command. A great
number of promotions will be made all
along the line, but it so happens circum
stances have been such that these on the
Pacilic Coast are the first to be made.
Staff Captain Mclntyre is, or has been,
Brigadier K.eppel'a secretary and right
hand man.
Ensign McFee has been in charge of the
social wine of the army, under Mrs. Kep
pel. for seveial years. His wife advances
with him in the rank. It ib not at all likely
that promotion from ensign to adjutant
means a shifting of the field of labor, al
though change is the order of the army.
The meeting with the officers was held
at !i:.;0 o'clock in the morning and later
Commander Booth-Tucker visited the
oflice of Mayor Sutro and in the absence of
the Mayor had a long talk with his secre
tary, Taylor Rogers, concerning a plan for
the prosecution of the farming scheme
which the army has had in mind for a long
time.
It is proposed to secure a large tract of
land upon which men otherwise unable to
secure employment may be put to work to
earn their living, tools as well as the land
being provided. This is the first step in
this direction in this country, and it is
proposed that it be followed by ttie other
steps that have already been taken in
Eng<and — that of establishing workshops
of various kinds in the City for the unem
ployed.
Previous to his departure last evening
Commander Booth said : "I have been
well repaid tor my visit here, although my
coming was brought by the sickness of
my wife. The enthusiasm that I find
among the officers and soldiers of the
coast is gratifying to the last degree. We
are overwhelmed wiih applications for
commissions — young men acd women
eager to commit their Jives to the prosecu
tion of the work. Instead of a great
breach and setback I think we are to wit
ness an era of great progress in the army.
"Is there any indication of Ballington
Booth's returning to his allegiance? I
cannot say as to that. Certainly the
pleading of his father must affect him.
But he seems to be going on with his
work, and we are certainly going on with
ours. We shall go ahead as though
nothing had happened so far as tne prose
cution of the work is concerned, although,
never ceasing to pray for the return of
those who have strayed."
The consul talked much in the same
strain, expressing great gratification with
the condition of the army as she found it,
and regretting that I.er health had not
permitted her to see more.
A FACTORY GIRL TALKS.
Declares That Working for a Chinese
Firm Is Preferable to Employment
in a White Factory-
One of the girls employed in the blouse
waist factory of the Chinese firm of Hue
Kai & Co., 127 Clay street, denies that girls
are paid less than the Chinese formerly at
work there, and who were replaced with
white girls when they struck for increased
pay.
She ascribes the report to the jealousy of
the owners of other factories where white
girls are employed. This is her story:
"Girls working in factories owned by
white men have been almost driven into
despair by the treatment of their em
ployers.
"It is stated that in this Chinese factory
girls make but 75 cents or $1 a day. It
may be true that some new hands make
only that much, but when their week is
ended they don't have to pay back part of
their wages for the steam furnished to
run their machines nor for repairs to old,
worn-out machines, as in some of the
white factories, where girls sometimes
have to pay to learn, and where tliey are
charged 50 cents for motor power and 5
cents for two needles, so that when the
week is up the work of new hands is
virtually done for nothing for some time.
No such practice prevails in this Chinese
factory, and whatever work a girl turns
out she is paid for, and no one begrudges
her what she gets.
"It is not true, either, that Chinese keep
tally of the girls' work, for no Chinese are
allowed to mix with the white girls. As
for the Chinese bosses themselves they
might serve as examples to the white em
ployers, for they always act in a perfectly
gentlemanly way toward the girls, which
is more than one can say of the white em
ployers, who seldom show even respect
for the giris whom they employ.
"But to return to the question of wages:
girls in the Chinese factory make from $5
to fl2 a week, according to how industri
ous and expert they are. Nor is it true
that we are annoyed by the striking
Chinamen."
PIONEER WILLIAM'S DEATH.
Buitt Knrly Ferry- Koata »nd Steamers
fur the Southern Pacific.
Benjamin Franklin Williams, the pio
neer Ehipbuilder of the Southern Pacific
Company, died at his home, 226 Michigan
street, Potrero, last night.
B. F. Williams entered the service of
the company many years ago, and con
structed most of the ferry-boats and many
of the steamers running up the river.
Nearly all of this work was done at the
slips in West Oakland. Some years ago
he moved to this City, but the greatest
number of his friends are in Oakland.
The deceased was a native of Wilkes
barre, Pa., 67 years of age. He leaves a
widow and one son, F. D. Williams. He
j will be buried to-day.
AMONG THE LABOR UNIONS
Trades Council to Again Protest
Against the Funding
Bill.
The Ameiican Federation of Labor
Takes a Slap at the Politi
cal Alliance.
Several interesting matters were con
sidered last evening at a meeting of the
San Francisco Labor Council. A letter was
received from Samuel Gompers, president
of the American Federation of Labor,
which read:
We desire to inform you and your organiza
tion that the dues of the central labor unions
and of the State Federation have been reduced
to $10 each per year, payable quarterly, in
stead of $25. as formerly; and if such bodies
have a representation in the annual conven
tion of tlie American Federation of l.ubor an
additional $10 each shall be paid. This law
takes efft-ct May 1, and we would request that
all dues owed up to that date be promptly
jiaiii, so that there will be no confusion. We
nope by this reduction we will be able to
bring together a larger number of central
bodies and thus add to the power ot or
ganized labor throughout the country. • * •
It was decided to pay the annual dues —
$20— to the American Federation of Labor.
Jn another letter from Gompera it waa
stated that at trie New York convention of
the American Federation of Labor it was
voted to make special efforts to organize
the journeymen barbers throughout the
country, and the writer asked that co
operative efforts be made in the same di
rection In San Francisco.
Chairman Burns stated that it would be
out of the question in this City with the
present barbers' unions, in which nearly
all of the bosses were members, which was
prohibited in the National federation laws.
In another letter from tne same source it
was stated : "We congratulate you on so
successfully meeting the attempt to sup
plant your body and destroy the labor
movement of your City." This was a slap
at the Trades and Labor Alliance, which
attempted to affiliate with the council and
draw organized labor into politics.
Reports from the unions show that iron
work is dull. Only about half of the
Theatrical Employes' Union members are
at work.
The delegate from the Typographical
Union reported that in consequence of the
large number of typesetting machines the
number of unemployed printers is increas
ing. The printers will soon start an even
ing newspaper in the interest of labor.
The Sailors' Union delegate reported
trade temDorarily dull, as the ship-owners
were waiting for a raise in freights.
Delegate Hober called attention to the
fact that a wholesale hardware house was
about to get a large catalogue of tin
wares, and propose to get the work done !
by the Pacific Press, a non-union printing I
office in Oakland. It was decided toappoint
acommittee from the council and a commit
tee from the Typographical Union to ask
the firm to give the work to a union firm.
J. Flannigan of Anaconda, a member of
the Montana Trade and Labor Council,
was introduced, and expressed great sur
prise that there were not more delegates
present. He said that in Montana the
working-card was a success in all trades.
! Even storecle^rks belonged to unions and
were compelled to have their union cards.
Journeymen maintained the best of wages,
and trades-unionism was a success. In
several instances the unions have had
hard tights, but all were successful, as all
the men stood together.
The secretary was instructed to draw up
suitable resolutions protesting against the
passage of the funding bill to be presented
at the next meeting for indorsement by
the council. The resolution, the second
from the Council, will be forwarded to the
Pacific Coast representatives at Washing
ton.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TALBOT CLIFTON'S
HORSES ATTACHED,
The Sheriff in Possession
of Some Blooded
Equines.
MY LORD FAILED TO PAY
A Judgment Taken by Default
Leads to a Stern Legal
Process.
HIS PROMISE WAS HIS BOND.
A Visit to a Sporting House Gels the
Noble Scion Into a Legal
Tacgle.
Talbot Clifton— his lordship with $60,
-000 a year and an appetite for horseraces
and other things— has fallen afoul of the
law again, and as a result four blooded
horses— the remnant of his once extensive
stable— are in the hands of Sheriff Whelan
and will remain there until a little ac-
count that Collector Raver holds against
my lord is settled.
One night several months ago, during
one of his fits of jovial hilarity, Talbot
and a coterie of boon companions wan
dered up Mason street to a sporting re
sort in the 100 block in search of rest and
recreation. They apparently found it, and
all at Talbot's expense, for when morning
dawned and a string of cabs bore the party
to its lodgings the scion of nobility bad
piled up a bill of $142.
Talbot had been out with "White Hat"
McCarthy and some other horsemen dur
ing the previous evening wining and din
ing, and his purse bting somewhat de
pleted he was compelled to tell the man
ager of the house that he would pay
later. Generally with bloods of Clifton's
caliber "later" means the next night or a
week at the outside, and his word was his
bond, as in fact it always is, if he desires it
in the tenderloin. However, Talbot's in
terpretation of "later" is sometimes sev
eral months, and so it was in this case.
His creditor waited patiently and
sent one or two polite notes, but the
coin came not, and at last in despair
sent for the collector of debts sometimes
characterized in inventories as "nominal,"
and requested him to procure the long
sought money. His effort to brine Clif
ton "to the center" by means of notes and
personal calls was no more successful than
the manager's had been, and as a last re
sort suit was brought in the Justices'
Court.
Clifton did not answer the complaint,
for he seldom pays any attention to such
trifles, and Raver obtained a judgment by
default.
Even when notified that an execution
would be taken out on the judgment
unless the amount was paid his lordship
paid no attention and after waiting a
reasonable time Raver decided to attach
the horses, it being deemed probable that
Clilton would rather produce the coin to
release them than any of his otherworldly
goods.
A Deputy Sheriff called at tne Golden
Gate stables yesterday with the necessary
papers and took possession of Kitty L,
Maud, an unnamed mare and the bay
stallion Santa Claus.
ARTS AND CRAFTS.
Exhibition of the Guild Opens This
Kventng— Many Sketche* Displayed.
The exhibition of the Guild of Arts and
Crafts will be opened to the public this
evening at 219 Suiter street, in the rooms
formerly occupied by the German Verein.
The stage has been decorated and equipped
as a studio.
The members of the Guild owe the use
of the desirable apartments to the gen
erosity and public spirit of Frank Sullivan.
The artists exhibiting sketches are: John
Stanton, Emil Pissis, Julea Godart, J. M.
Gamble, Arthur Mattews, Willis Polk, J.
Cadenasso, C. D. Robinson, H. Bloomer,
Henry Raschen, A. Jouillin, Charles Rollo
Peters, J. Milo Griffiths, Jules Pages, J. R.
Dickinson, E. Pcixotto, L. ,P. Latimer, C.
Judson, Charles Dickraan, W. Crane, 0.
Jorgensen, William Hubacek and H.
Blatchely.
The collection embraces 484 sketches,
and among them are many specimens of
merit.
The admission price this evening is 5C
cents, but next week the charge will be
only 25 cents. ' There will be two free
— to-morrow and the Sunday follow
ing. , *
•* ■ »
BURGLARY ON HAYES STREET.
Jeffey's Machine-Shop Killed and the
Thief Cmptured.
F. Barring was arrested by Detective
Edward yesterday morning on a charge of
burglary for having broken into Jeffey's
machine-shop at 1019 Hayes street and
helped himself to a lot "of tools. The
identity of the thief was discovered by De
tective Harper from a description fur
nished by the pawnbroker to whom Bar
ring went to dispose of the tools.
HEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. '_ ._-^-^-..-.
Mfilly OFFERINGS
— OP ■
EXTRAORDINARY MERIT
A glance through the following quotations will convince any
one who has any idea of values of the importance of taking ad-
vantage of pur TO-DAY'S WONDERFUL OFFERINGS, for they
comprise a variety of the most popular and seasonable lines, all
offered as SPECIAL to our Bargain-day patrons at
THE LOWEST FIGURES OF THE SEASON!
RIBBONS! RIBBONSI
.At 25 Cents.
200 pieces of FANCY RIBBONS, in stripes and plaids, all silk, value 45c, will be of-
fered at 25c a yard.
.A.t 35 Cents.
>0 pieces of FANCY PLAID RIBBONS, 5 inches wide, all silt, value 76c, will be
offered at 35c a yard.
At 35 C7exxtoi.
75 pieces of DRESDEN AND OMBRE RIBBONS, 1% inches wide, value 60c, will be
offered at 35c a yard.
J\.t 5O Cents.
LOO pieces of DRESDEN RIBBONS, in elegant designs, value 75c, will be offered at
50c a yard.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
a* 75 Cents.
SCO CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin and Gloria Silk, will be offered at 750 eaoku
At &L.OO.
200 CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria Silk, lined, will be offered at $1 eaoh.
At 51.30.
200 CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain Silk, with ruffles, will be offered at fl 80
each. 'v
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
-A-t 45 Cents.
500 pairs BIARBFTZ KID GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate shades, regular price 75c,
will be offered at 45c a pair.
-A_t 5O Cents.
200 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan and slate shades, regular value $1, will be offered at 50c a pair.
-A.t 75 Cents.
000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black only, regular price $1 25, will be offered at 75c
a pair.
At 9O Cents.
900 pairs 4-BTJTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), in dark and me-
dium shades, also black, regular price $1 50, will be offered at 90c a pair.
-A.t &1.00.
750 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, ex.
tra quality, dark and medium tan and slate shades, regular price $1 75, will be of-
fered at $1 a pair. - - i • . .
At 81.00.
750 pairs 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES, embroidered on back, all colors and black,
regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair. ;v.-; -•..:,■•
At d 1.25.
600 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
extra fine quality, in dark and medium tan and slate shades, also black, regular
price $2, will be offered at $1 25 a pair.
LADIES' WAISTS I
~ -A-t SO Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of heavy percale, laundried collar and cuffs, full sleeves,
will be offered at 50c each. - J -
At 61.25.
>ADIES' WAISTS, in fancy stripes and Persian patterns, detachable collars, regular
: ~ price $1 75, will be offered at $1 25 each.
At $I.SO.
,ADIES' FANCY LAWN AND DIMITY WAISTS, latest style sleeves, perfect fit,
regular price $2, will be offered at .$1 50 each.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
.At SO Cents JESaclx.
ORIENTAL LACE TRIMMED COLLARETTES, in butter shade, regular ©rice $1 26.
.At 61.00 Eacli.
STOKES OF BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE, trimmed with Oriental Lace, regular
value $2.
-A_t d2.SO 33«.013i.
I.ACE COLLARETTES, Vandyse Points, trimmed with Point Lierre Lace; Batiste Lace
Yokes with epaulettes in linen shade; Black and Butter Escurial Lace Collars and
other novelties regular value $4 50.
-A.t 5&3.50 Saon.
NOVELTIES IN LACE COLLARETTES, YOKES AND PLASTRONS, in a large
variety of designs ; Special Sale at $3 50 each.
[EN'S I BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
. A_t 5 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FANCY BORDERED AND WHITE HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, extra large size, regularly worth $1 20 a dozen, will be offered
at 5c each.
-A.t 25 Cents.
J5 dozen BOYS' CHEVIOT, PERCALE AND TENNIS FLANNEL WAISTS. 1 in a
large variety of fast colors, finished with pleated backs and fronts, extra value for
50c, will be offered at 25c each.
-A.t 25 Cents.
2 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' ALL-WOOL HEAVY RIBBED BICYCLE STOCKINGS,
finished with double heels and toes, usually sold at 50c, will be offered at 25c a pair.
-' ; " ; -"> .A-t 5O Cents.
(5 dozen MEN'S HEAVY SANITARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
fancy silk finished, worth $1, will be offered at 50c each.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY!
I .A.t 2O Cents a Fair.
■20 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, extra heavy, made specially for
■ boys' wear, sizes 6to 9% inches, special at 20c a pair.
I At 25 Cents a. Fair.
■00 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double
■ knees, heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye, also tan shades, regular price $4 20 a dozen.
H A.t 25 Cents a, Pair.
■50 dozen LADIES' EXTRA FINE GAUGE 4-THREAD BLACK MACO COTTON
■ HOSE, extra high-spliced heel and toe, Hermsaorf black, regular price $4 50 a
■ dozen.
I ■At 33' 3 Cents a, Fair.
■25 dozen LADIES' BLACK LISLE-THREAD HOSE, extra high-spliced heel, sole
■ and toe, regular value 50c.
■ y ff/jß***' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Market Street, cerßer of Joses, /
H &JBL2SZ 3E"XI^AJNrOZ£3OO.